SuiSMAV 4.511:241iT ANDitOir.Pofird.ll

These gallant O ors . Were. yesterday, trekelted
with. the elegant Svorcis voted to.iiiein by t Ctin.
poratiou of London. They were in tile tint in-
stance tirosented at Merchant Taylor& Hall. with
the'Vreedem of that. most . respeCtable..,Company ;
after which they proceeded to Guildhall; acccan
psitiech by RICKARD TRASDAT,E, Esq. Clerk: of that
Company,' who - presented them to the; Loan
MAYOR as Freemen of it. The -gallant' Officers
were also accompanied by Lord 6Asiltta :-and Sir
EtiwAttr• I-Lstatt.rotc. They were. received, at. Guild-
hall by the Charnberiain and foliewitig Aldermen
Alderman. SHAW,: js Locum Teriens,. Si!' JOHN
.1041t;-Alderman Ft.owart,. Aide.rmais -Roweitisyr,
Altlertuati PELMET, Alderman- Hu rail, AlOernlan
ZOYDELL,. Alderman' 'Bluest, and , Messrs. Jobs,
'Jams's, and .4sivat. Dixow,' the • 'Mover. and se-
cornier 'of the Thanks of the Lord Mayatand-Cor-
poration,
When thesCumaticLAlN first addressed Sir Jorrn
u AttT ti's follows :
• •
Sir „tom/ -StuißT, I give you joy ;ared,, in
dieece to au uninirnous Resolution of the Lord-
Mayor, Aldertnen, and Common Council, assembled,
.do g4e, you thanks for your very gallant And heroic
„Conduia at Maids, thereby proving to the world that
this Lioasted powers of the French arms cannot stand
'.:*heis fairly tried before the intrepid. bravery and
IMeady discipline of British Soldiers. And, as a fur-
ther testimony'ot the high esteem which the Court
entertains of your very meritorious services, I pre-,
sent to you this Sword.
" Sir,—ln the present situation of public affairs,
it is highly gratifying.to a Briton to perceive,..that.
the superiority of British courage and discipline,
under the guidance of-able and experienced Com-
manders, has been glorioutly displayed in almost
every region of the habitable globe. Egypt . wit-
nessed it under the ins aortal .ABEROROMBIE ; India
lhas.recently experienced it under. the condrd of a
, and since.the atition on the Plains of Maids,
the descendants of those who, led by the Cresars,
• Once made a conquest of this Island, will be ready
to confess. that nothing can withstand the courage
.'ins4 discipline of British Soldiers, • When Under the
direEtion of a consummate General."
He then addressed Sir HOME POr'HANt' as follows:
" Sir HOME POPHAM, I give you joy; and in the
name of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Consmon
, Council, assembled, return you thanks-for your gal,
lant condat and important services in the capture
of Buenos Ayres, at once opening a new seurceof
commerce to the Manalnetories at Greta Britain, and
depriving her Enemy of one of the richest and most
extensive Colonies in her possession. And, by. an
unanimous Resolution of the said Court, I present
yuu with a Sword, as a testimony of the 'high
esteem which it entertains of yotir very meritorious.
conduct..
" Sir, when the news arrived of your achieve-
snent in South America, it was received by the
station with an extacy of joy : the artificer saw an
increase of demand for the produdien of his inge-
nuity ; the merchant began to extend his commer-
cial views; and every philanthropist most rapturous-
ly exclaimed With' the Poet—..
Oh, stretch thy reign, fair peace, from shore to shore,
till conquest cease and slavery by no more;. •
Till the proud Indians, in their native groves,
Reap their awn fruits and woo their sable loves.
once more a race of Kings bdtold,
Another Rodeo adorn'd with gold.
" Such, Sir, were the delightful visions in which
the nation indulged, the result of 3 plan suggested
by the wisdom of that great Statesman, whose, loss
we deeply feel, and Whose death we still deplore,
aid carried into effe6t by the prowess of yourself
and yOur gallant associates its arms.
The scene, it must be confessed, is now most
lianientably changed; yet though the nation has
looked in vain for that extension of commerce, and
that diffusion of British civilization, in the hopezof
which 'she-bad so fondly indulged herself, she Wl*
ever regard the capture of Buenos Ayres, both liotn
the ability with which it was planned, and from the,
energy and intrepidity with which it was etfeitted, as
enaction worthy.of being recorded in the brightest
page.of'ber history:" -
"C•
o,r LENusi—You have given ample proofs of
yoiti zeal in the cause of your country, and of your
abilities to render it the most essential services ; the
same- cause has still further claims upon your exer-
'tious ; the foe with whom we have to contend has
declared. his determination to deprive us of ear most
viriu rule rights, and to sink, us below the level of an
independent nation ---Bat I trust nth threats are
v;iin ; -you, Gentlemen, are tensible that when a
nationbas, lost her honour she has little else worth
tires vvill.convince.our inveterate. Erse.
my; that however desirous your country may tie; to
,obtain, a peace; she can 'never be faced to accept such
.a peace as shall either diminish hear rights or tarnish
her glory.''. .
Sir Joettr•Snrster and Sir Hosts. POPHAM return.'
ed appropriate answers, as follows
Sir Jetits.S.romiT.—". I feel, 91r, highly gratified
with the honour conferred upon tow* the Corpor
ation of London. I trust, whenever. opportimity is
afforded me, .that I shall continue, to mellt- their fa
veer, arid, that this Sword nosier' be tarnished in
my hands." . . .
Sir. 1-loste POrITAM•r=." Sir • in' teceivin- dii,

.• . 7- , . . --i ;%, .
The Flab of Truce which, lately.. arrived' Piro Sword from you,
,I .cannot.;rtfrain exptessing my
France, and bronghtdispatches to the Ausleriankiw ' regret :at the trouble, oecasioned -b the principle
. . y
'lister, is to return hnisedlatcly.• 11,1 thia-onvey- I upon which it was originally, voted me being, quess
ance, it is said, M. Azonitny Nei* for .hig:.'patla-- 1 tipued by an. lionoprable.,Member,or your
-Court ;;
ports from France, in OrtlCT..ao:,Yettgli to. Ila.issiW 1 and.although I. feel extremely gratified at that Orin",
through that country. . , ... . . . ..-.° . 7 triple
.being publiely and alinost.unanintously,recog.
A Flag of .'rrute witl;les IMMediately sent to ~: nixed, yet i cannot help regretting that the ieTViet:
Flushing, with' the Nephew of S.ir C. POtat and , for. which the Sword
,was given did nor meet the
another Gentleman. .The former•waile prisonerin approbation of his.Majesty'S late Government, and
Holland,' but obtained perrnisiion to come to Eng:. although I was not fortunate enough to receive an
I
-land en his parole for -two years ; that - term being, honour-14)1e acquittal from th© .Court Martial. to
expired, an exchange was offered tor hirn,. •but re. i which; I, was 'brought., l• trust nothing transpired on
fused by .the Dutch Government ;. he is theretbre that occasion that ,could cause any regret: in,this
about to resign himself Prisoner ;of War. , . - liberal mark of distinaino having been t oted-mO'by
Some grand alteration s'o're
,abentle be ma-de in • the City of London. I believe the Hononrable
-Abe avenue to Diuri-latie.Thealre, -noWcal•led:NVo- i Gentlento who madtkthe motion against- rae.adnpt,..:
Urn-street, formerly Vinegar-yard, as all the. tenants ' eel the, saute cause, - with ,resped to this %Iliad,. as
litiVe bad notice toi.quitiheirS•houses at.Midsunimer- - was pursued by his Majesty's late Ministeri with re,
day nekt.. - , 1 . , .
'..... '• • : 'sped' to Me. The Sword; however, by being tin
The Earl of la fieSTeti-,will become or lge an.the ' ably.defended, was' most hononrably acquittedi.is
t tat.of next month, when be will bestoW Abe hand !. now most handsomely. presented; and 4 4pciak with.
of his fair, sister, Lady LoinsA: EMsiAAtiaarliiii.- .; sincerity, when I say,. is most'gratelo4 received;
Aeos,; on his friend' Lord flattaty t tfirry, Aire- ; and I truiii, if ever I shall be forumate, enough to
Parations on the most splendid style,ffe.inAing on be again employed, that it will not be disetccd iii
The.happY occasion... - - - .I . •. ' , my handa.',
~. v .; . ~,
. - -

*4ll

~,:1'.~.'~.

Thoyit:2.ll return,:d to tlit.Choittbcrklit,'s parl.ndr,
wiieiettltey gifiletrocr_tlidt q.%vt.)1•45 .jtiusented
and went to ..eis liouscv wbete acc eleiolll
was proiided for i!)c4l, it.tr.tl ,ixty °tiler

t.elit!er,.;6ll.-
1 . . .
After qinnet, besides-the. fasual loyal And patriotic
toasts, the following were given : . ': • .

. ,
.4' His .M A J Lir X'S present Ministers, and Thanks-IV the
Vigour, displayed by thettt in tiwir Conduct of the /Arliri of
the Nation. ' • . •

Drank with universal applauteaund obvious heart-
felt satisfaction.

•
" The Volunteers, and tliat reereeable, but,unjastly
assailed character, Alderinan 'Colonel irsa'cii."--(Gellefill
apkiause.)

COlOtiet BIRCH- briefly rethrited thanks for the
high honour that had been done him, in-coupling
his name with the Volunteer Establisinnent. Of
himself he should -say nothing'; but in behalf"of
those loyal and partiot bands, he was proud to ex,:'
press his conviation, • that, if their active services
should at any time be necessary, they would be
fund to emulate the valorous condo& of the heroej
of Maida (looking towards the gallant General
STUART), afid with promptitude obey the order so
gloriously executed by tit-" Charge the enemy
3/Rh vigour, and conquer for their Country." -
Sir JOHN STVART and Sir HOME. POPHAM , -respec.
tirely returned thanks on their health being drank
ard' the scene altogether proved most gratifying to
the loyal mina and patriot heart.

tHE FOLLXDLING HOSPI7I4

ItIEMORIAi,

rictitsrcrria TO "Ti GENERAL' tourtT or TIM do-
VP:it:OHS AND GUARDIANS OF TUE VoUNDLING
HOSPITAL.

The following Address, relative to the perpetual
separation of all the children received' into the Hos-
pital, from their purent; was, by the unanimous de-
sire ofa number of adult foundlings, most respeol-
fully and submissively presented :•-. •
. " HoNoonan. GOVERZiottS and GVAIIVIAN§-;-.
It is with the utmost deference, that we approach
you, for the purpose of entreating your benevolent_
attention to the forlorn and friendless condition of
the children in genet-al. when out of Hospital, and
to the, peculiar ditliculth and disadvantages which
many Of them stiffer, sotite bccasionally; and others
through life, in consequence oh' the annihilation of
their relation Ship with their parents, which en-
sues, according to the ctistorn of the institution, itn -
mediately on their adrnision into' the Hospital, and
through which the foundlings are bereft of every be-
nefit and comfort arising-from parental solicittidii and:
, family connexion.
"That the numerous thfiints, from time to time
received into the Hospitcd.,:lhould, One and all; be
• doomed to exist in an orphan state; while their
parents are olive, and perhaps not far distant from
thern, is a circumstanee which, to every virtuous
and feeling mind, must appear as melancholy as it
is -.extraordinary, and more e,pecially„ when it is
:.considered, what a scene of danger the `world pre-
sents to the rising generation, and how-Common it
is for youth of both sexes, even when they have the
best human proteetion, to be ensnared, and vitiated
its theit 'principles, ntid ruined for life in their pros-
pe4ts. Therefore for young persons to be launched
Jute the vicicsitudeit cif life, without even a know-
ledge of their relations, near or distant, and, con-
sequently, without being the objects of any one's
personal oversight or regard, is a very affliaing
situation, even when the dispensations of Provi-
dence have rendered it unavoidable,--but still more

. it-wthati lialfe alTorcteu S'alitt:iai or,
ve
Datixilicr c" off (rout 111 sight via perionat know,

ledge of eacknher, Irmtkal returns to lOW and duty
are impossibißies. 'The mothers may have intervals
of serious relleelien,lindonder these salutary impter.,
amens, they may •he earntvtly desiroas of making
,every restitution in their power. But, 'unfortunate--
IY, exclUded as they are, these relenting's' • in their
minds are as unavailing with resped n' us, as etc
the wdrkings of filial sensibility in our bosoms, with
regard to them. Separated from each other for v.
long a series of years, in the first instance, however
desirous time parents may afterstrards be, of seeing
and serving their children, it could dot but in few
instances be accomplished, as the situations of most
foundlings are Unknown at the Hospital after the
expiration of their apprenticeships. If a ternalc,
she may be wandering upon the town, a common
prostitute, as some we, know of now are if .a male,
he May be friendless, and struggling with sickne:s
and want. The instances of this kind which we

have known, are calculated to. make sotue impres-
sions upon the most obdurate parents, who have
consigned- their children- to the Hospital, without
sufficiently considering that its care of them was,
only lbr a limited.term ; and that then they would
be turned upon the world friendless and forsaken.
and left midi the,chances of their unfortMailte con-
dition ; andilts it is said to be at all times an error
of the mind to imagine, that any real or lasting good
can or -will -result . from a diet infringement of
the laws and precepts which God has given to
man ; so it will not be supposed, that a. mainte-
nance for a short term of years only, is to all the
children an equivalent for the entire loss of parents
and relations, duriog.'tat it who)
V4l. ‘uoula,
perhaps, appear to be so, if the ,advantages of the
Hospital were so- peculiarly great, as, to insure to
every foundling, of good condud, froiperity throUgh.
life. " But even then, the dissolution of the Telatioe-
ship between the children and their' p.treuts wonld
he unnatural and sinful 'iii its consequences, for it
is only by a
.personal knowledge of each other that
near relations are enabled to avoid incestuous Mat.:-.
riages—and the foundlings rind their parents not
knowing each other, either by names or Onions, 'it
is possible for them, after a lapse of 21 years,
to fall into a grievous sin without'. knowing it ;—a
father may chance to marry his own daughter, a
mother her son, and a brother his sister, ke.- 'At
the same tine, it is probable, that to some parents,

particularly to the lathers, an 111514300 n, which
affords no clue whereby a deserted crdld , would be

able to trace and discover them, may be thought
very convenient and desirable : but we are aware
that so impious a wish can receive no sanaion from
Au establishment supported by. public charity. The
motives which induce the mothers to resign their
children to the Hospital, while labouring under a
pressure of necessitous circumstances, are, we pte-
sume, partly from a belief that they will be taken
more care of by the charity than in the parish work-
house; and partly to avoid the inconvenienve of an
application to the parish. But, notwithstanding, we
trust many of them would be of great service to their
children, were they indulged with an
,occasional
access to them, during their residence hi the Hos-
pital, although they might never be able to under-
take their entire maintenance and education ; that
being a eircurnstaute not at all to be expetted.e.-
We are confirmed in our opinion of the benefit the
children might receive from occasional interviews
with their mothers, by several instanceS vihich have
occurred of mothers accidentally discovering their
own children, while in the Hospital, and being
afterwards of considerable service to them ;' and
depraved indeed mnst be the mind and heart of that
mother whoAvould not avail herself of theopportu-
nity, when she might have the liberty of seeing, and
the Means of serving, her own child."
" HONOURED GOVERNORS and Gemintiss-i--
, Permit us to assure you, that we have not httstily
nor inconsiderately resolved upon this application
to you ; on the contrary, we have repeatedly deli-
berated upon it, and. paid the utmost attention' to

so, to be placed in this solitary situation, contrary
tothe will of God, and the express duty of parents.
Nevertheless, if we ourselves, and All the children
received into the Hospital,, were found exposed and
deserted, as the term " foundling" implies ; if our
parents had never been seen ; .if no communicating
had been held with .our mothers ; we in that case
'could not impute the entire loss of our parents ,to
Any other causes than their own 'negligence and in-
humanity knoWing that the mother of every-
infant redeived into the Hospitni is obliged, to bring
her petition, and to amen in the, presence -of the •
Conamittee, before
,her child can,he admitted; and
that consequently 'it is' in the power tots 'the Board to
insist upon' a toll disclosure of the real name and
condition of every parent.; and being also assured,
that by the rules or customs of the dimity, every
Mother, without exception; is ,denied all access to,
and knowledge of, her uwu child, either
,by name
or person, after its reception, unless she can take it
out and wholly maintain it ; and that each, child is
-baptised with b name different to that Which the
Mother has 'stated'''Co be hers, which prevents the
possibility of her recovering a personal knowledge
of her own offspring, except on tie aforesaid Con-
dition, allowed by the Hospital ; %-% ith these t:tiAs
,in our minds, however we may deplore the conduEt
of our fathers, we are sensible it would be doing
'great injustice to our iDotheo; were we to charge
them with a. wilfol desertion of us; it being evident,
that in general it is the poverty and dot the will
'of the niothera, which =sews to on alternative so

evory circu- mstauce connected with the history of
the Institution, its origin and design 3' and the pre-
rtmsons, adduced in support of our earnest
appeal to your goodness, we trtut, will have what-
ever Weight 'belongs to -them upon your minds;
and we, depending.upon your indulgence, do hum-
bly, beseech you to take into your consideration
the expediency of granting to the mothers and 'ale
children well relaxation of the arrangements ori-
ginally. instituted •.betweVa them; as iillnur pcig-
EMIRS may appear. most Just and proper, to en-
able theta to preserve a mutual knowledge of each

. ANSWER TO THE' MEMORIAL
1100 FoR TUB MAINTV,NANCY. AND rfIUCATION
AATDSRD AND I)U.SI:IIThD cuumium.
AT .A GENKRA[. COURT.

hard upon ilieni4.,,tves., nod tlitlit children, cnd
which` uOdoubt-Enot atioear to twig mothers, We
a ,cflen..m burial of t Veit children, while they a'pe
Therefore, it) justice to their feelings-as mothiva, we
are bound to attribute our total separation from each
other, rather to circumstances arioig from the re-
striaions of the Hospitlid, that to au' intentional or
desirable at of theirs.

W 1 DN841),01, DRC. 1807.
Wend nn Address to this 'Court, Airgii(l by t 3
Adult Foundlings, relative to the perpetual separa-
tion of foundlings from their parents,. and praying
the Court to take into consideration the expecficticy
of granting to the mothers and the children sewil
relaxation in the Regvilationi of Abe., Lio,pitai a,
will enable them to pre serve a mutual knowledge,-
of each.other : • .

Resolved, That the Prayer of the said Address,
being incompatible with those principles upon which
this. Institution Was originally formed, cannot be ac.
ceded te.
(Extrakfre theilVlinutes,)
(Sighed) Mopitts IaIiVESLY, SCC.

HoNoolien Govatisoas and Gt.rf4DlANs—
.
It irirespeelinff this constant extinOion•of,,the bond
of nature, between the children and their
,parents,
,that we may now appeal ,to yoUr justice and hutna.
pity. Trained, as we happily were, in the -tioni,
toieliOeui sentiments, we know that the Teta-
the duties of • parents and children :are inviolable,
and t104,,,gn no considemtion are merits justifiable.
•in imagining thenaselfeS' attempt tivin their snored
obligations •and bouudtilldiny, so inspelt the pro-
gram, anararatch overtha Welfare at their offspring,
nd such its`desire it, deserve neither to •he ornate-
:lanced in disk depravity,- nor pornititcd so to revolt
in the face of nature, as to fly fir ever .from their
-children ; such cauctuft being an open tiolittloti of
the revealed will of the Creator, lin..
. who wilt
doUbtedly re wire it of, them f and,., therefore, had
our virenti at nflitittie (tilting our infancy, child
.hood, 'tit youth, •031ted rti;rl,l own
hility to• God coiwerning afl4l thereby illepa
that they htiti some, sy4npatty
,fia:4heir • QWll'

4 ,B.' trirlc".,t 1 righton shepherd, has c,hallenged the
Wittshiro to t 1 to hop 20 yards in four hops and ono
joitip, far any surn.
LitiuteilAht H. of the First Iloyal -Lancashire
4hO undo took to walk thirty voiles allay tOr
twenty sijeoeihiVe ,days, fear a bet 91 50 pintos,
which has Sit en himn inci*Vi'mr4 ko'3oo, cornmencea
his labour pesteMl slot Arced
upon wos frotti the NA) in the city of Exeter to
tho two inilo atone on tht3 tvaci "rupsham, on
Verecirwiciev evenitl• he b*d cuMplerud ins thirty
Miles a day tar six4ets, titig then tiosseised gt,4
rt
cotth(ft,tue, hiS pbWers, at aan nbutufant flow a
piths:
isicatenant Fairt*n haq tip' lined his pedeitain
and hack, wtiich, sv.4l puitorm in thuv 1410.41„,
match from Tyl.itti.lurnp:kir to alum, Church
Tim diatanc4 twtnty rnilei

1
