IMPERIALPARLIAMENT

THIS DAY. Mo.n.tr, MARCH 25.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

The &MAKIIt took the Chair shor.ly after twelve o'clock.

Oa the motion of Mr. ELLICE, a new writ was
ordered for Sunderland, in the room of the Hon. Captain
Barrington, who has accepted the Stewardship of the
Chiltern Hundreds.
A person from the Tangore Commissioners brought up
their ninth report.
Mr. Crafer, from the Treasury, presented the an-
nuil account of the Audit-office, and the annual account of
Finance.

A Person from the NRtional Debt-office presented
the annual gross amount of the nati.nal deht.

On the motion of Mr. HODGSON, the City of London
Arcade Bill and the Gravesend Pier Bill were read a first

Mr. ROBERT GRANT brought in a Bill to enlarge
the piwers of an Act for the employment of the poor in
the parish of St, Luke's, which was read a first, and or-
dered to be r«arl a second, time.
Mr. JAMES LOCH brought in a Bill to amend an
Act for improving the roarls in the Highlands of Scotland.
+.--Rend a ftrat time.

Mr. C. BARCILAY brought up the report of the
Committee nti the Chatham Sewage Bill.
Sir L. WILMOT brought in a Bill for enclosing the
)ands in the parish of Yardley, in the county of Worcester,
and for commuting the tithe. of that parish.
On the motion of Lord LUMLEY, Eaglefield's E.ttte
Bill was read a second time.—Ordered to he committed.
Mr DAWSON brought in a Bill for making a railway
from Leicester to Ashby-de-lt-Zouch.—Read a first time.
Sir E. KNATCHBULL brought in a Bill to carry into
effect two agreements entered into between the Bishop of
Ely and the parish of St. Dunstan's-in-the-West, in the
city of London, and the Hon. Society of Sergeant's Inn,
Chancery-lane. The Hon. Member also brought in a Bill
for improving the roads in the parish of Burge, in the
county of Kent.

On the motion of Mr. BROTHERTON, Pein's Na-
tursl;zation B II was read a second time and ordered to be
committed.

Sir M. S. STEWART brought in a Bill to renew and
extend the provisions of two former Acts relating to the
Greenock and Renfrew bridge roads ; and a Bill to en-
able the Edinburgh Life Assurance Company to sue and
be sued, in the name of the Secretary or the Director.—
Read a first time.
Mr. PHILLPOTTS brought in a Bill to enclose lands
hi the parish of Nekton, in the county of Cornwall,
which was read a first time.
MARYPORT HARBOUR.

Air. BELL brought in a Bill for amending and en-
letging the powers of former Act, relating to the harbour
of Maryport, in the county of Cumberland, which was
tread a first time.

Captain YORKE brought in a Bill to enclose, divide,
and allot certain common and waste lands in the parish of
Wigbetteh, in the Isle of Ely.—Read a first time.
Sir W. FOLKES brought in a Bill for draining lands
in the parish of Wigenhall, in the county of Norfolk,
which was read a first time.

Mr. GISBOBNE brought in a Bill to divide, allot, and
enclose lands in the parish of Middleton, in the county of
Derby.—Read a first

Mr. GEORGE WOOD brought in a Bill to make
certain reservuirs on and tear the river Irwell.—Read a

fi et time.

Mr. LITTLETON brought in a Bill for erecting a
bridge over the river at Baverfordwist.—ltead a first
time.

Mr. EGERTON brought in a Bill for rebuilding the
parish church of Stockport.—Read a first time.
Dr. LUSHINGTON presented a petition against the
;situ, North Road Bill. .

An How MEMEEEL brought in a Bill for improving the
river be•ween the towns of Ross and Abergiveny.—Read
a first t tne, and ordered to he read a second time.
Dr. BALDWIN moved that further time be given to
bring in a Bill to repeal the duty on coals in the county of
Cork.—Leave given to the 13th April.
Sir 0. MOSLEY brought in a Bill for building a
bridge over the Trent, in the county of Derby.
Mr. WILSON PATTEN presented a petition praying
for farther time to bring in the report upon the Moses
Gate Road Bill, in consequence of the mismanagement
and neglect of the trustees.
Gdonel TORRENS, Sir Wit.tram FREMANTLE, and
several other Hon. Mt-mbers ottjected to it, and Mr. W.
PATTEN nitimat.ly withdrew his petiti,m.
Mr STEWART brought in a Bill to amend an Act
passed for regulating the Dublin Swain Packet Company.
Read a fir.t time.

On the motion of Mr. G. EVANS, the Dublin and
Kingston IN!way Improv, ment all was read a fire' time.
Gen, r.d. ARCHDALE took the oaths and his seat for
the county F- rmanagli.
Sir E. WILMOT presented petitions from two prishes
in the county of Warwick; one against the Beer Bill, the
other for tl:e better observance of the Siv bath. Also a
petition from the county of Warwick relative to heavy
taxati.n. The Hon. B tronet also presented a petition
from the rector, churchwardens, and householders of the
parish of Little Toothing, in Cornwall, for the better ob-
serv4me of the Lord's Day.—The petitions were ordered
to lie on the table.

Mr. RAWDON BRIGGS presented a petition from
the inhabitants of Halifax, praying for the immediate and
entire abolition of slavery in all his Majesty's colonies ;
also petitions to the same effect from the parishes of
Elland, Salt. r euhhle, and Keightley.

Sir W. CHAYTOR presented a petition from a con-
gte2ation of Protestant Dissenters, denominated Metho-
d!sts of the new connexion, complaining of certain griev-
arcet under which they laboured.
Mr. W. H. YELVERTON presented a petition from
the town of Den' igh, relative to corporation abuses. Also,
a petition from George Robinson, complaining of existing
abuses in the Corporation of the city of Dublin. Both
petitions were ordered to be referred to the Committee
now sitting on Municipal Corporations. The Hon. Mem-
ber also presented a petition from certain persons in the
cnun'y of Pembroke, for the better observance of the
Sabbath.—Ordered to tie on the tattle.

Sir G. STAUNTON presented petitions from the mi-
nisters, churchwardens, overseers, and householders of the
parish of Portsea, complaining of the present demoralizing
state of the popu'atiou, in consequence of the existing
system of leer shops, and the want of the due observance
of the Sabbath Day. Also, petitions from Portsmouth
and an adjoining parish, to the same effect. In support-
ing the prayer of the petitions, the Hon. Baronet observed
tha' a good deal of misunderstanding prevailed on the sub-
ject referred to. The petitioners had no desire to interfere
with the innocent recreations of the poor on the Lord's
D iy. Regulations for •uch a purpose were unnecessary;
all that was sought for was that the due observance of the
Sabbath should not be interrupted by the avarice of one
class, or the profligacy and immorality of another. He
was anxious that the law, as it now existed, should be
so far amended as to enable it effectually to he enforced.
The Hon. Bironet also presented a petition for the Pro-
testant Dissenters of the town of Ringwood, in the county
of Southampton, praying for the immediate and to tire
abolition of negro slavery. The latter petition had been
accompanied with a letter, which stated that the wish of
the petitioners, as to the immediate and entire emancipa-
tion of the slaves, should be accompanied by such laws and
regulations as might be found necessary for the safety of
all parties interested. Under this qualification he cordially
supported it. prayer.
Mr. COBBETT would not detain the House many
minutes, but he felt himself called upon to say a few words,
being satisfied that those petitions in favour of what they
called the observance of the Lord's Day, was neither
more nor less than a 'matter of pounds, shillings, and
pence, and not at all of the GiNspel.—(Hear.) Perhaps
many Honourable Members were not aware, that
such petitions proceeded from a society established in Lon-
don for the purpose of effecting their object. The society
circulated its pamphlets, one of which he held in his
hand, and to which was appended a copy of a petition,
which they recommended the people throughout the dif-
ferent parte of the country to send up to Parliament in
the same manner as the anti-Slavery Committee were ac-
customed to do. From that petition it appeared, osten-
sibly, that it was from a regard to Christian principle that
they wished the H, use to interfere with the present ob-
servance of the Sabbath; but from the second paragraph
of that pamphlet, it would appear that the Gospel had
nothing at all to do with it. The lion. Member then read
the paragraph in question, from which it appear il, as far as
the effect of it could be gathered in the gallery, that in
consequence of the practice that now existed, those who,
from proper motives, were desirous of duly observing the
Sabbath, were prevented from so doing in consequence of
the unfair competition of another class, who spent that day
in trading. In short, he conceived it to be the cry of great
and he hoped the
i
tradesmen against little tradesmen,
House would consider well before t listened to such
jesuitical and fanatical petitions. Their object was to put
down one of the most indus,rious and well-deserving por-
tion of the lower f traders, those who sell apples and
oranges on Sunday. There was no case made out for the
interference of the House between masters and labourers,
and mistresses and their servants ; in short, if such a Bill
