IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT,

HOUSE OF LORDS, 31ilicm 28.

The Earl of SHAFTESBURY took his seat on the wool-
sack, in the absence of the Lord Chancellor, about ten minntes
past live o'clock.
ABOLITION OF NEGRO APPRENTICEBI-110.
Lord BROUGHAM presented petitions item the Wes-
leyan Methodists of Market Ilathoro'; Great Yarmouthi the
Baptists of Market Harboro' ; the inhabitants of Tyne-
mouth, in the County of Devon ; Bibby ; the Wes.
!cyan Methodists of Stamford the inhabitants et
Payne Town, the Protes'ant Dissenters of Leamington,
the Methodists of Mount Tabour, in the boteligE of
Stockport, laildithgove ; ,Tamworth, borough of Staf-
fordshire, signed by the Mayor and Vicar ; the ce.ngr,:-
gation of New Ramsev-street, Westminster ; Kilmaurs, Sta-
plchurst, Binrese, bovehill Chapel, near Glasgow ; the
papist Church of Irvin ; Branston ; the Minister and Anocia-
tion of the first United Associated Congregation of Falkirk ;
Maltby, in Lincolnshire ; the congregation of original Seeeda
ers of Dollar, in Clackm.ananshire ; the Presbyterians of
Bach and Buckie ; the Wesleyan Ministers of Drogheda, in
Ireland ; the congregation assembling in the Rope Chapel,
Weymouth ; the inhabitants of Sutton, Southport Staines,
Tillicoultrie; from the Independent Dissenters of Stapplehurst,
the Indeperdents of Market Harborough, the Protestant Dis-
senters of Wimbourn Minster, in Dorsetshire ; the ledepen-
dents of the borough of Ruthin, the inhabitants of Evesham,
the female inhabitants of Buckingham, the inhabitants of
Wrexham, the United Association of Tillicoultrie ; Heaton
Norris, Brigstock, the inhabitants of Paisley, the Wesleyan'
Methodists d Linely, York ; the female inhabitants of Tet-
bury, the Wesleyan Methodists of Loughborough, and
from a great many other places, praying for the immediate
abolition of Negro apprenticeship. The Noble and Learned
Lord stated that he had now presented about 100 of these
petitions. He had a vast number with him to present on the
same subject ; but if he had known that, as a return for his
wish to accommodate the House, not one of the Ministers
would have been present, and not one of the Opposition.
with the honourable exception of his Noble Friend Lord
Redesdale, he should not have accommodated the House,
as he did last night, in not presenting the petitions. He
should, however, not present any more of them to-night.
Ho was more than ordinarily surprised at the absence of ono
Noble Lord who seemed considerably nettled at having it said
that he did not wish to attend in his place on Wednesday, and
who declared that he was just as willing to attend on Wednes-
day as on any other day. The absence of the Noble Duke
was quite consistent with what he had said, because he
( Lord B.) had never seen a man kick more than the
Noble Duke did at the idea of having to come down
on Wednesday. He should have the honour of presenting
the remainder of his petitions tomorrow. He had stated also
that he had a communication to-night from a Noble Friend of
his which he considered of great importance. He should
likewise abstain from making that communication to-night,
merely observing that all the doubts of that Noble Lord
had, upon a full and mature deliberation, been removed ;
and he (Lord B.) was authorised to sta'e, which be should do
in that Noble Lord's own language to-morrow, that he had his
express permission for making the statement, though with the
modesty which always accompanied great merit, that Noble
Lord regarded his own authority as not worth communicating.
He (Lord B.) should quote that Noble Lord's high and
venerable authority to-morrow, taking to himself the
greatest joy from finding that upon the question of
compact as it was called, and of bargain as it was absurdly
called, he was now backed by the highest legal authority in
this land—the Lord Chief Justice of England.
The Duke of RICHMOND presented petitions from
Craubrook, the Cinque Port of Hythe, and eight other places
in the county of Kent, praying for the immediate abolition of
negro slavery.

-Mr. Steuart and others from the House of Commons brought
up the Mutiny Bill and the Marine Mutiny Bill, which were
respectively read a first time.—Adjourned.

NO USE OF COMMONS, Milcsr 28.

The SPEAKER took the chair at the usual hour.
Sir JOHN WALSH was introduced by Mr. GALL?
KNIGHT and another Hon. Member, and took the oaths and
his seat for Sudbury, in the room of Sir J. Hamilton, de-
ceased.

On the motion of Mr. P. Scaop!, the Cheltenham and
Great Western Union Railway was read a third time and
passed.

SLAVERY.
Mr. C. LUSHINGTON presented a petition from the
females of Ipswich, numerously signed, praying for the imme-
diate abolition of the apprenticeship system of slavery in the
West Indies; also two petitions from pari3hes in the county of
Essex, to the same effect.
Mr. HAWE S presented a petition from Lambeth to the
same effect, agreed to at the largest public meeting he had ever
attended.

Mr. Brotherton presented four petitions to the same effect ;
Sir G. Strickland thirty-three ; Mr. Miles two ; Mr. Leader
one ; Mr. Ward six ; one of them signed by 1,003 women, and
another by 18,820 of the inhabitants of Sheffield ; Mr. Berke-
ley two from Cheltenham ; Mr. Sturt two from Derby ; Mr.
Palmer from Reading ; Mr. Barnard from Woolwich ; Mr.
Thorneley from Dudley ; Mr. Brodie ; Lord Maidstone, Sir
T. Acland, and Mr. Freshfield. _ _

Sir C. STYLE presented a petition from Scarborough to
the same effect.

Five petitions to the same effect were presented by Lord
W. BENTINCK from Glasgow.
Sir F. TRENCH said he cheerfully supported the prayer
of the petition from Scarborough—and he hoped the example
of Lord Sligo, who had liberated all his Negro apprentices—
Mr. SPEAKER—Order order!

Sir F. TRENCH (sitting down)—Will be followed.—
(Laughter. )
Mr. O'CONNELL presented nine petitions to the same
effect—one of them from the Mayor and Corporation of Dub-
lin, also signed by 4,000 and upwards of the inhabitants ; Mr.
Wakley three petitions to the same effect from places in the
county of Westmoreland; Lord M. Hill one from Evesham; Mr.
Pendarves sever *1 petitions from places in Cornwall ; Mr. Scho-
field, one from the Protestant Dissenters of Birmingham ; Mr.
Evans, several petitions from Yorkshire ; Mr. Byng from
Middlesex ; Mr. Dennistoun, one from Glasgow ; Sir G.
Stanton, one from the Wesleyan congregation of Portsmouth ;
Mr. H. Maraland, several petitions from Stockport and Bland-
ford ; Mr. Pease, forty-four petitions from different parts of
England and Ireland ; Mr. Bramston, from Chelmsford and
other places ; Lord Worsley, from several places in the county
of Lincoln.

Lord JAMES STUART presented petitions from Ayr.
shire against additional endowments to the Church of Scot-
land.

Mr. D'E YNCOURT presented a petition from Louth, in
Lincolnshire, complaining of certain parts of the ..lunicipal
Refcirm Act, which limited the jurisdiction of borough Jus-
tices over prisoners.
Mr. WAKLEY presented a retition from Francis Holm,
late Lieut.-Col. in the GrenaE r-Guards, praying, for an in-
quiry into the manner in which ho lost his Commission in !hit
corps ; also one from Kenny, a surgeon, praying that all
surgeons under the Medical Charities Act, be elected by pub-
lic competition. Also one from the tradesmen of Bristol
and Brighton, praying for a commutation of the sentence on
the Glasgow cotton-spinners.
Petitions for the abolition of Negro Slavery were pre”.nted
by Dr. LUSHINGTON and Mr. DIVETT.
