THE SUN, LONDON, W 4 DNESDAY!_ JUNE 10, 1840.

sel may be put under sail alone,. The screw is then turned
by the motion of the vessel; but the drag is ant more than
A a mile in 10. The Arch:titedts. has steamed 101 knots,
has gone under sail and steam conjointly 11 knot,:, and
has gone 9 under sail. There are several ves,,els in L-m-
-don, to which the Pri"c4!le it about to he apptied : many
naval officers have highly approved of it ; and eve learn
that Admiral Sir E. Codrington has expresbed an opinion
to the Admiralty th,:t a f►':get ought to be immediately
fitted out with the " screw."

We understand that it is probable the Archimedes may
make another trip before leaving this port, for the gratifi-
cation of parties interested in steam navigation—probably
to. morrow.

NEWS FROM 'Till MEDITERAA-

NEAN.

MALTA, JUNE I, 1840.—We are only allowed time to
announce the arrival to-day, at one P. NI., of the Volcano
steamer from Alexandria. She brings a mail from India
despatched from Bombay on the Ist ultimo by the Zeno-
hut steamer a hich arrived at Suez on the 221
The Volcano lett Alexandria on the 26th, and the Alecto
steamer, will proceed with the mail to Marseilles this
afternoon. Tile mail from India to this having to be
fumigated (which might be avoided if it were made up at.
Bombay in a sealed box addressed to Malta, instead of
being opened at Alexandria,) will, we fear, be delivered
too late to enable us to announce the intelligence brought
by it, but from Egypt we hear that Cairo had been set
on fire in four places, in consequence of which the Pacha
had left Alexandria for Cairo on the 26th.

Passengers arrived at Suez in the Zenobia:—Colonel
and Mrs. Sandwith, Dr. Driver, Hon. G. Upton, Mr.
and Mrs. Kerr, Mr. and Mrs. King, and two children,
Captains J. Hall, W. Hamilton, Johnson, Raitt, J. Haw-
kins, and A. S. Hawkins ; Lieuts A. Joy, H. Kitchener,
Robertson, Gale, Newbold, and Moore ; Rev. W. Hum-
phrey ; Messrs. Thompson, Grey, Shute, De Burgh,
Bonny, Dcsumicr and Miss Powell.
it was reported at Alexandria, that one of the pessengers
(a French gentleman) ha►d died in the desert from the
effects of a coup de soleil, thermometer 120.
Passengers arrived by the Volcano from Alexandria :
Col. R. Benson (late British Resident at Ava), Messrs.
Robert Willmat and E. G:irston, Sigr. arid Sigra. Mer-
line, Sigra. Marrianna Mainuch, Achmet Effendi, Kalid
Effendi, and Tahir Effendi..

The Blazer steamer, Lieut.-Com. M. Waugh, ar-
rived at Malta from Smyrna on the 27th ult., and pro-
ceeded far Woolwich on the 30th (calling at Gibraltar.)
The following passengers embarked in her;—Mr. Gor-
don Forbes, Mr. F. Forbes, and three Misses Forbes, Mrs.
and Miss Bourchier, Count Pisani, dragoman to the Bri-
tish Ernhas,N at Constantinople, Count Nugent, Captain
Nurse, R N., Capt. Brenaw, 62d Regt., Lieut. .Skip_
with, R.N., Mr. George Sogue, Messrs. Wilson, Watford,
Lewis, Isaacson, and White, R.N., three invalid seamen,
and eight marines.
The T'olcano arrived at Alexandria on the 19th ult.,
with the London mails of the 4th, Those for India were
despatched on the same day to Suez.

ANTI-SLAXERY.-6'CONNELL.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

SlR—The late Anti-slavery Meeting at Exeter-hall
was attended with circumstances pre-eminently dis-
graceful to the conductors. There was a meeting held
under the presidency of Prince Albert—his first ap-
pearance in any public matter. A great movement was
to be made for the relief of the negro quivering under
the lash of savage oppressors, or almost expiring in the
horrors of the middle passage. The managers dis-
claimed all political feeling, and, indeed, could not, in
the nature of things, do otherwise. So, among others,
Mr. O'Connell signified his desire to be on the plat-
form. He was allowed this privilege, indeed, but on
the express condition that he should not speak. How-
ever greatly Mr. O'Connell may be disliked by many
persons, yet no one can pretend to deny, that on such
an occasion he would have been a most efficient ally,
and one whom all sincere friends to this holy cause
would eagerly have put forth to address the meeting.
But other and malign infleences prevailed. Thg,account
of what passed will probably reach foreign countries.
Now, let us suppose a British Minister pressing on
some foreign Power hearty co-operation in the total
abolition of slavery, and stating that the earnest wishes
of the English nation require him to hold such lan-
guage. " The English nation, Mr. Ambassador !"
might the Diplomatist reply, " talk not to me of the
wishes of your nation. Was not a great meeting held
in your capital, presided over by the husband of your
Queen, professedly open to men of all political opinions ;
and yet at this very meeting the ablest advocate of
the cause which your nation possesses was, by express
condition, prohibited from speaking! Sir Robert Peel,
hitherto hostile or silent, was allowed to address the
meeting, while O'Connell, an earnest and powerful
Anti-slavery zealot, was not. No, Mr. Ambassador ;
it is too plain that this, like other matters in your
country, is a mere stalking-horse and party question ;
and that your remonstrances should be treated by us ac-
cordingly." To a reply—such in substance, if not in lan-
guage, there could be no rejoinder.
Thus these drivelling imbeciles rivet the chains of
the negro, agonize the hearts of his true friends, and
all because, so far from being influenced by any zeal
in this holy cause, or any feelings of humanity, they arc
so besotted by impotent rancour, as not to be able to
conduct their hatred of O'Connell on any occasion.
I am, Sir, your humble servant,
A CONSTANT READER.
June, 6, 1840.

f3PIRIT off the PUBLIC JO URN A LS.

FROM THE MO/INING PAPERS OF THIS DAY.
( From the Illorninti Chronicle.)
The main objects of Lord Stanlev's Irish I?,,:g7stration
Bill art these to 7 :
ast, to subj,:ct the registered else_w ro
tors to repeated investigations of their franchisa. Sccondill,
to draw to a technical tribunal, of which he knows the nu:-
jority will decide one war, a tiues•ion of disputed construc-
tion of his own Reform -Act. Toc first must ruin the po-
pular franchise in every county of Ireland : the framers of
this Bill know %veil that a man who has once passed through
the ordeal of a registry court thus. will not return to it.
The vexatious assaults upon his tile to property which no
one ever before dreamed of questionitos—the insulting,
overbearing, bullying cross-examination .of practitioners of
the law, employed apparently for the very purpose of
making registry a work odious and difficult—the whis-
perings of prudent friends—the powers of the landlord—
the lash of the agent—ail constitute a system of terror
which the framers of this Bill well know must lay the
popular suffrage prostrate under the hoot of a dominant
faction, unless excitement of the most ihflsnimatory
character be applied to bear down, as it has so often done,
all that can be attempted by the wealth of the few against
the spirit and union of the people. The second aim of
Lord Stanley's Bill is directed to the ruin of the franchise
in another way,
by giving to the Tory Judges, according
to such arrangements of successive circuits as they may
settle amongst themselves, the complete, absolute, irre-
sponsible power of winnowing all the constituencies of
Ireland by rules of their own making. and effecting whole-
sale disfranchisement under colour of law. flow tar such
a tr bunal ought to be entrusted with such a power—how
far the House of Commons ought to consign the cons itu-
encies of one hundred and five of its own Members to the
absolute disposal—without appeal—of such a tribunal,
' some opinion may be formed from the manlier in which this
very tribunal has already dealt with the Irish Reform Act.
(From the Morning Advertiser.)
Among the enormities alleged to be daily perpetrated
by the \Vhigs and their supporters, it cannot assuredly be
laid to their charge that they put themselves to much
trouble to conciliate public support by administering to the
prejudices or corrupting the opinion of the masses by false
pretences to libsrality and mock affectation of ultra hene-
soleace. Satisfied with the soundness of their principles,
and the honesty of their purposes, they leave them to
work their own way, regardless of the light in which they
may be viewed, and of the opposition with which they
may have to contend. They scent to be of opinion
that they ought to stand upon their own merits, or
rather that their self-evident merits ought to command
their justification, without any efforts on their pa.t to.s
no
sup-
port them by person or by purse. . Now all this I
' doubt very honest, and very patrtatic, and very inde-
pendent, and very becoming ; but we beg to inform those
who are she patrons and practiscrs of this system, that it is
not only vary different from that adopted by the Tories,
but that, however beautiful in theory, it will not answer in
practice; and that if a different course be not speedily
adopted, the principles, as well as the meh who are their
organs and supporters, will be overthrown by the more ar-
dent and persevering policy of those who are determined,
if possible, to uproot them. The Tories, to do them jus-
tice, support the sentiments which they profess most man-
fully. They are instant in season and out of season.
(From the Morning Herald.)
The Corn-laws raise wages. The enemies of the Corn-
laws admit this fact, in their own peculiar fashion. The
enemies of the Corn-laws, for instance, complain that the
Corn-laws keep in cultivation throughout England large
tracts of bad land. The worse the land, however, the
larger the amount of labour necessarily expended on it,
so long as it is cultivated. The cultivation of inferior
soils, in other words, creates a wide market for labour;
and this widened market for labour adds, of necessity, to
the market value of the labourer. The Corn-laws, there-
fore, by the admission of the anti-Corn-law faction, raise
wages. Turn we to our manufacturing system, and we
find, that the rnme that system is extended, the lower
become the wages of the great mass of the operatives
engaged in it. The hand-loom weavers could earn, each
man, five and twenty years ago, from thirty to forty shil-
lings a week. The same amount of skill and industry will
now command in the market no higher reward than from
four to eight shillings. The handloom weavers compre-
hend, moreover, upwards of eight hundred thousand human
beings. Such are the fruits of " cheap production"—of
the triumohs of machinery"---of that system, in short, on
which the leaders of the anti-corn-law agitation fatten.
Here is " blood-sucking" with a vengeance ! Had such
a revolution as that under which the hand-bom weavers
have sunk, been witnessed in the agricultural districts,
what a cry against the landowners should we not have heard !

MONEY MARKET and CITY NEWS•

(TuEsoAY EvENtNc;.)
TIMES.—By the adviccs from Hamburgh the price of
gold is 431 per mark, which, at the English Mint price Of
3/. 17s. 10Id. the ounce for standard gold, gives an ex-
change of 13.8, and the course of exchange at Hamburg
on London being 13.6, it follows that gold is 0.93 per
cent. dearer at Hamburgh than in London.
The premium on gold at Paris is 91 per mille, which, at
the English Mint price of 3/. 17s. 10V. the ounce for
standard gold, gives an exchhnge of 25.39, and the
course of exchange at Paris on London at short being
25.25, it follows that gold i: 0.56 per cent. dearer at Paris
than in London.

Consols left off to-day at 911 (buyers). Very little
business has been done, and monoy is worth about 5 per
cent. in the English house. The leading jobbers are of
opinbn. that had not the public availed themselves largely
of the Bank loans, and since that period of the late an-
nouncement, considerably greater pressure would now have
been experienced, and they by no means feel confident that
such pressure will not now come on, even with such a re-
source at hand. Exchequer Bills have declined is., and
are 23e. to 255. prem.
' The gradual increase of indigo in Java is said to be
important; the produce ten years age was under 1,000
chests, but it has so much increased within that short
period, that in the last year of which advices have been re-
ceived the export to Holland was 5,000 chests.

SUN.—The Foreign Exchanges were better as
regarded Holland and Germany, but not quite so good
with respect to bills on France. The more current
rates at which paper was negotiated were 25 92A- on
Paris ; 13 9+ on Hamburgh ; 12 14 to '2 on Am-
sterdam ; and MI on Frankfort.
The accounts received to-day from the New Aus-
tralian settlements are very satisfactory.
There was a slight improvement in the English
Market this afternoon, Consols for the opening having
been done at 914 buyers. Exchequer Bills continued
rather depressed at 2.35. 255,, but Indi ► &tuts brought
2s. to 4s. premium.

The Market for Spanish Bonds has rather improved
this afternoon, the Actives having touched 27?-,
As the grand marts for these securities—Paris and
London—are now closed by the determination of the
Stock Exchange Committee to prevent all business in
them, it is evident they must be charged to the do-
mestic debt, on which the interest will hava to be re-
gularly liquidated, thus taking awny another slice of the
chance in favour of an instalment. on the foreign divi-
dend. The Committee, however, will no doubt do all
in its power to fight the good fight of the Bondholders.
Portuguese New Five per Cents. realized French
Five per Cents. 115 f. 50e„ and Dutch Two-and-a-
, Half per Cents. 51i.
In many of the Railway Shares, owing to an in-
creased desire to effect purchases, business has been
done to-day at an advance. The more current quota-
tions have been these :—Great Western 33k, the
New 16 ; London and Birmingham 92, Quarter 24 ;
Manchester and Leeds 241, New 13 ; New North
Midland .101, Blackwall Ir 4, and South Western 15-,1,-
premium. Tie North Midland fell to A- discount, the
Birmingham and Gloucester were done at 91-, the
Eastern Counties at Si, the Brighton at 51, and the
Greenwich at 11 discount. New Australia Bank
Shares were at 16, and Canada Company's at 31 pre-
mium.

The following are the exports of the precieus metals
from the port of London in the week ending this
evening

Silver coin to Hamburg 5,400 ounces.
Ditto ditto to the Mauritius
Silver bars to Rotterdam
Ditto ditto to Calcutta
Gold bars, Rotterdam 220

the sentence of death
weeks ago
An American pap paassie)selr,u,poin upon
f.3=ag;maann,
saayesciount of
" he ap-
made, within twelve days, 100 faggots,
peared to feel unpleasantly.'
Mr.AwrVillifaim.Li(G.k.Eers,PoAf TRIARCII.--,—A. few
great age of 9S years, Lower Hardres, who has attained the
and dug 1,200 hills of hops within one week. We trust this
veteran of the fields only labours for his amusement.— Canter-
bury Journal. .
HER MAJESTY S THEATRE.—It was with
great gratification that we beheld last night the revival of 11
Barbiere di Seviglia. Ever since the noble Florentine poet
Rinucini invented the pastime for the solace of his royal mis.
tress, Maria de Aledicis, no opera has been performed with
more effect than the Barbiere was last night. This, on con-
sidering the cast alone, must be evident to our readers. Inds.
and of Rubini, to whom Conte
pendently of Grisi, whose comeliness and flexibility of voice
fit her above all women on the stage for the charming Espieg_
lerie of Rosina's part, independently of Tamburini, whose crack
la3narboipeir-wertiusnity of displaying, ad libitum, that
oriture in which he so much excels—in addition
Royal Highnesses
, a part confided we had Lablache as Bartolo
of TiAven-watots,
cntertainmieenetisl wteliefalfsoor homnaonuryedywe laih, thei yr:,
ctraAoell 'lldnantuOianaiest's'itieaae%,n.lrate"vyg'ateliy.ovl sesfeafihsyeretofore to a second or even third-rate per-
The house was excessively e;owded. Her Alajestv
former.
arrived for the overture, and left at the conclusion of f the opera.
King s. argk‘eulrg. , i
Augusta
:asi
atnam,d
o:rsi of
:tielmi
te,bi their
Bi
dagn,,k,
The evening's
and / have great pleasure in telliez yealacefilaot.f
Herts., to Messrs. S. and B. goi.ooloty.:, 39 'tleil(l.cFpe
roaofembt el Isesh_Qia and
reyn Princesspo
Cowper,
Lsg.,
Albemarle-street,
—Gentlemen, Piccadilly, an and
h7afiv,ing
induced from recommendation to try your Invisible Voi,,,
Conductors,
peorfso-lislei:) i(sbnri)l.liaannat., a:mat alt Ina It
and in
Iconsequenec of the great ad-
‘..PiPtlVv'e which 1-have derived,have recommended man
the}
worshipenabmlneo
st med
itsot'i
illiccialry i
itheYyear, the 22d of May last, vet the tt4'.:l-
- 1 return yeti :ay bed
persons to you, and I am happy to
The
that their report many
similar to mine, most favourable. l'he Spectacles 40 liand.:i
glass which you have sent me are 7zry e•at,eltelit, and suit my
sight precisely, and curpass an-y 0,41.2; of the kind I have evevr
e
quence of Mr. Henry
tried til)taess
et4riainns3pasr,:
able n• e to read, &c., by candle light with" the greate.tYea‘?
aml comfort to m
I iii4tl.---,t Con'se
thanks, and remain your most obetlin'c servAty 11,,,
Cowper i,•(.,9.iyir:,, applications-fro all quarters to know whe-
COW Mt R.-22(1 of June,
thee 'die aOVe 'zietter••is authentic' or not, he has addres'ei W.
leteer`tif the Standard, which was inserwa • • • , --* '
in that paper on
the e ~th of April, I;st, stativg that it was so, and that in conse-
quence of his xtreme age and increasing
infirmity, requested
he might not be troubled with any further inquiries.

ANN UAL COMMEMORATION OF

SOCIALISM.

The grand Annu:d Festival in commemoration of
the G9th birthday of Robert Owen the philanthrophist,
and eat. fifth Annual Congress of ths Universal Com-
munity Society of Ritional Religionists, was cotnmernt:-
rat cdyesterday at the Highbury Barn Tavern, Islington,
by the London members of the society dining and taking
tea together. The dinner was advertised to take place
as early• as half past one o'clock, but long before that
hour the gardens of the tavern were crowded to excess,
by persons who had been fortunate enough to obtain
tickets, all of which were disposed of on Saturday last.
The gardens were opened at half-past one o'clock with
a procession round the grounds, after which Mr. Simp-
kins, a gentleman whose exertions in the cause have
been unremitting, addressed the assembled crowd col-
lected on the green in the front of the great dining-
more, as follows _ _

My Friends—A long oration would here be out of I
place, but a few words of friendly counsel may not be I
amiss. We have met this day for a twofold purpose.
Our first and most ostensible object is to commemorate
the birth of an individual whose existence has been of
great utility to society, inasmuch as, by a fortuitous
concurrence of circumstances, he has been enabled. to
embody the wisdom of preceding ages, and to demon-
strate and arrange certain facts, and thereon found a
system, or science, which, when properly understood by
a sufficient number of persons, and fairly put in prac-
tice, will remove a large portion of that moral and phy-
sical evil with which society is now disturbed and
afflicted : our second and immediate object is our own
enjoyment. To accomplish these purposes, it is neces-
sal y that we adopt a certain.course of action, and per-
haps You will pardon me if, in the fulness of friend-
ship, 1 suggest to you the line of conduct required.
The gentleman to whom I have before alluded has told
us, and made it cognizant to our understanding, that
the whole of our actions are necessary, and thak, in
fact, " every individual is the creature of the circum-
stances in which he is placed." This is one
of the most sublime and most important lesssons
that has yet been promulgated to the human race.
And the greatest honour we can confer on our wise and
benevolent teacher—the greatest pleasure we can give
him—the best return we can make far It's long and va•
linable services, is by acting in accordance with those
principles with which he has made us acquainted, to
demonstrate to him that we have received, appreciated,
and been influenced Ly his teaching. Yoti are here, my
friends, surrounded by a number of temptations, and i
some measure stimulated to excess by early training,
and the habits and usages of society. Let roe entreat
of you, therefore, to exercise your reasoning powrrs.
Be temperate in all things, and if in the course of this
day's festivities you should meet with individuals who,
from not having had the benefit of your tuition, shall
manifest feelings of anger or hostility, be it your endea-
vour to allay the irritation by the soothing voice and
words of charity. Again, I say, be temperate, be kind,
be mindful of the pleasure of all. By so doing you
will accomplish every purpose for which you have
assembled. You will prove to the world the superiority
of your intelligence and moral principles, and
commemorate in the most consistent aid becoming
manner the birthday of the great philanthrophist,
and you will secure in the highest degree your own
personal enjoyment. In respect to the friends by
whom I am more immediately surrounded, the mem-
bers of the London district, I have only to remark that
they have individually and collectively for some time
past laboured unremittingly for your comfort, and have
left nothing unprovided, within the compass of their
incomes and powers, which in their es,timation could
be to you a source of gratification. They will super-
intend the arrangements of this day, and I trust, indeed
I feel assured, that the propriety of your conduct will
render their duties easy and pleasant. And I am
also assured that the only return they desire, is
the satisfaction of having even the means of adminis-
tering to your enjoyment. Of myself I shall say but
little. I have laboured long and earnestly, and I trust
not uselessly amongst you. lam known to a large
portion of you, and I would flatter myself that I am
respec•ed by a portion almost, if not quite, as large. I
am now about to leave you to reside in a distant part
of the country, there to spread the glad tidings of
human redemption, and to infuse into tee minds of
those who have not known the ray of truth, the bright
and beautiful religion of charity. I trust that I shall
take with me your kind wishes and remembrance, and
that I shall be able to look back on this day with feel-
ings of satisfaction.
Mr. Simpkins, during the delivery of this speech,
was most enthusiastically cheered. The company then
proceeded to the dining-room, where upwards of 600
persons sat down to a repast got up in Hinton's best
style.
Mr. SAUL, in the absence of Mr. Owen, took the
chair. Everything was of the best description, the
wines excellent, and universal hilarity prevailed during

the evening.
The arrrival of the Social Missionaries from Manches-
ter during the dinner was hailed most enthusiastically,
The cloth having been removed,
The CHAIRMAN said, as a body, We are associated
together in this and various other ways, to improve and
amuse ourselves ; though that is termed by some dis-
loyal—as we are also said to be—not what we ought to
be—(Laughter)—that we are not moral—that we are
not well behaved. I appeal to your feelings, and of
those (if any there be) who are visitors among us, whe-
ther that is true ? Loyalty to " the powers that be—
morality to its uttnost extent—and good feeling towards
each other, pervade the Social body to a degree unknown
in the old world. I shall call upon you to join with me
in the toast I am now about to give, and in which, I
know, as loyal subjects, you will all most cordially join ;
but I would suggest that you show your loyalty in a man-
ner different from that in which it is displayed in the
old world. We require no clapping of hands—no
noise—to demonstrate our loyalty, which, if you all feel
—you will take the sentiment home in solemn
silence to your hearts—Living your hands upon your
bosoms, as Ido now, in token of your sincerity. I give
you the " health of the Queen, the daughter of his
Royal Highness the late much lamented Duke of
Kent, a friend of the cause of Socialism."

" Prince Albert, the Duke of Sussex and the rest of
the Royal Family, and her Majesty's Ministers."
The toast was then drank in silence, the National
Anthem being played upon the Piano, and accompanied
by the voices of certain ladies and gentlemen.
The CHAIRMAN said, after a slight pause, I have
been called to the Chair at a very short notice, and
shall not long stand in the way of those talented friends
who have arrived from the country to address you. I
am delighted at the progress which moral reform has
made within the last few years—a progress the more
extraordinary, because it has received aid from those
who meant to injure us. Truth will always prevail ; we
have been traduced and maligned—we have been at-
tempted to be crushed ; but here we are exulting in the
advance we have made, and preparing for yet
further advances.—(Cheers.) No principles that,
I am aware of except those of Socialism fully
carried out can meet or remedy the magi-
fold evils that afflict mankind. 1 therefore exhort you
to persevere in this glorious cause, and success will
attend you. Whether we look to north, south, east,
or west, and particularly to the north, our cause has ad-
advanced and is advancing. I am to give you as a toast,
" Prosperity to the Universal Community Society of
Rational Religionists." Universal it is as the sun that
shines over the earth. To diffuse it we have much to
do ; but let us not shrink from it, convinced that uni-
versal truth is universal happinesi ;` let us endeavour to
extend it through every clime and every country ; let
us endeavour to establish it in our lives, and leave it,
as our best legacy, and the heir-loom of those whq are
to follow us.
The toast was then drunk, and in acknawlcdging it,
Mr. LLOYD JONES (Social Mi7siortary) raid, 1 feel
much pleasure in responding to this toast, because I am
persuaded that we must succeed ; that no power of
man, by whatever name he may In called—even though
he be called a Bishop—can obstruct the progress of
the Universal Community Society of Rational Reli-
gionists. Why am Iso confident First, because I
am confident that this Society is founded on truth, and
next, because I know there is a deep yearning in every
human heart for truth, and that multitudes have a love
for truth inherent in them, and are determined to sup•
port it, and it is not in the power of man to stop it.
When I remember what tha Society was when I first
became connected with it, and when I see what it is
now, I should indeed be a doubter it I for one moment
hesitated in belLving that this Society must speedily
succeed. One or two of our friends from Manchester
will recollect, as I do, when we were very weak, and
had little confidence in our own abilities as teachers,
but we had, nevertheless, every confidence in the cause
we had to support, and when we came before the public
they first laughed at us—called us visionaries, but still
we went on adding to cur numbers, and then some persons
became alarmed for the safety of existing things—they
advised tl pee* to keep away from us, for that we
were a very dangerous body of men, and that nil who
were associated with us would be in danger of losing
not only their political but their moral and religious
principles. People., however, determined to see us for
themselves, and fortunately for them and for us, they
hop a spirit of curiosity in them, which compels them
to examine every thing new, and if that which is new
be true, such examination must be beneficial. Our
numbers went en increasing till our opponents became
\ more alarmed, and altered their advice to the people.
The Editor of the Manchester Chroni4e advised them
to plunge us into horse ponds, and beat us with dung--
forks and broom-sticks-,4 Laughter.) The people, Ito;.-
ever, did not their advice, and we went on adding
t -slumbers, till their alarm was turned into wonder,
and they found themselves ne.r.lile to stop what they
called the moral pestileasse ; and we built at last a
splendid ball ialancliester, which cost 6,0001. of Socialist
moz...ey, and we never do these things by halves, so we
announced the thing in placards three yards long, 'so
that all the saints might know what •we were at.—
(Great laughter.) Well, little tracts began to make
their appear ea, and these tracts swelled into pans.
