MPERIALPARLIA3I",NT
THIS DAY, THURSDAY, MAY 23.

HOUSE OF CO tl IIONS.

The SPEAKER took the Chair shortly after twelve.
C.ptain ELLIOTT presented a petition, signed by
1,200 of the ladies of Hyde, for the abolition of slavery..
Mr. R. T, )IDD presented a petition from Honiton, for
repeal of the house and window duties.
Sir J. SEBRIGHT presented a petition from a pro
,victor of 560 sl iv s, in the Island of Jamaica, named
Hiiitiert. The petitioner stated that the proposed plan
roe the ernancip Ilion of slaves would be ruinous to him,
and stated his r.adiness to give up tie whole of his slaves.
rather than be subject to the operation of such a measure.
After s me observations from Sir R. 'Nous, Sir G.
GREY, and Sir J. SEBRIGHT, the petition was ordered to
ie on the tabl..
Mr. F. O'CONNOR gave notice that on the 26th of
June he should being forward a motion to the effect than
the Union between England and Ireland was a measure
of bad policy, and that all the conditions under which
had he,-in effoited had b •en vi
Mr. ROLFE presented a petition from Falmouth against
the substitution of ten gun brigs for Falmouth packets.
_ _ . . .

C iptain ELLIOTT, alter pointing out the incenveni.
ences and, in some instances, the danger incurred by the
employment of hired packets, declared that the loss of 'en
su❑ brigs now employed in the packet service, was much
less than generally supposed. The Hon. Member then
went into a statement showing that during several years
only six King's packets had been lost, and those in voyages
more dar gerous than in any in which the hired
packets had been employed, whilst the loss of
the latter has averaged about two per annum. One
King's packet had been driven ashore at Barbadees in
a hurricane. The Redpole was lost ou her voyage from
the Brazils ; and it was generally suppose d that she was
captured by pirates and destroyed. The Ariel, it was sup-
posed, had been burnt on her voyage to the West Indies.
The Cu/pyso is understood to have hen lost on an iceberg,
after the pilot had forewarned the commander of his danger.
It should be recollected that by the twenty-eight packets
engaged, upwards of 1,000 voyages had been made. across
the Atlantic, and only one of them could be shown to have
been lost by stress of weather. As to the difference of ex
pens; there was a saving of between 10 and 28 per cent. by
the increased spied of the King's packets. One petition on
this soh ject stated that the widows and children of persons
lost in their packets were a great burden to the town of
Falmouth; whereas from a return made, it appeared that
only one was supported out of the poor rates of Falmouth,
at a cost of Live shillings per week. The petition, he be-
lieved, did not represent the feelings of the constituents of
Falmouth generally, but only of a few interested persons.
He bad the satisfaction of being able to say that vessels were
now I uilding of a superior construction for the packet servii e.
Sir G. GREY concurred entirely with the statements
made by his Gallant friend.
Mr. ROLFE presented a petition from Falmouth
praying an ext, nsion of the limits of that borough.
MONTGOMERY ELECTION.
Sir T. WINNINGTON reported that the Committee
appointed to try the merits of this election had met to-
day ; but in consequence of the absence, l'eurn indisposition,
of Mr. Sydney Herbert, they bad been unable to pro-
ceed, and had adjourned till to-morrow. A medical
gentleman of the name of Hussey stated that, in his opi
nion, Mr. Herbert would be unable to attend the Com-
mittee until Monday. Mr. Herbert was then excused
from attending the committee.
Lord LINCOLN presented petitions from Sutton Bon-
nington, and the delegates residing at Manchester, in
favour of the Factories Bill.
Mr. CLAY presented petitions from the parishes of St.
Matthew, Bethnal-green; St. Luke, Mile End ; St.
Mary, Whitechapel; Christchurch, and several other
places, in favour of the Beer Bill ; and from St. Leon-
ard's, Shoreditch, complaining of the police and county
rates, more especially those for the metropolitan police.
—Referred to the Metropolitan Committee. The Hon.
Member then presented a petition signed by 706 ship
sawyers, employed on the river Thames, complaining of
the state of business, arising chiefly in consequence of the
various Acts of the Legislature relating to navigation, and
the British shipping. The petitioners prayed for a gene-
ral revision of these Acts, but whether that would restore
to the rtitioners their lost employment, he was not pre-
pared to say. Of his own knowledge, however, he
could declare, that no commercial distress was equal to
that experienced by the shipping interest of the port
of London ; nor did he see any chance of amelioration,
for nothing could be more gloomy than the present pros-
pect of the commercialists of the port of London. That
port had been supported, as it were, by four great branches
of trade. Of these the silk manufactures of Bethnal
Green had not only to contend with those of France, but
with those of Manchester. The East India trade, it was
presumed, would no longer be confined to London, but would
be distributed among the outports also ; and whatever its
general effect, there could be no doubt of its injury to the
metropolis. The trade of sugar refining was alre oly all but
lost; indeed, 4.sths of it were gone; and all who were
concerned with the West Indies began to feel the effect of
the projected measures of change for those colonies.
Thus all the great sources, for those he bed named were
the only great sources of employment of the population of
London, would he either greatly reduced or cut away.
He recommended the prayer of the petitioners to the consi-
deration of Government, lamenting at the same time
fillet none of them were present to hear that prayer.
It had become absolutely necessary that the utmost
economy should make way for great reduction in taxa-
tion, and above all taxes, those on houses and windows
ought to be abolished. Indeed, they could not touch longer
be paid. They pressed, perhaps, with more severity on
the eastern suburbs of the metropolis, than on any other
port on of the kingdom.
The petition was then ordered to lie on the table, there
being then only ten Members in the House.
Mr. DONKIN presented a petition signed by the whole
of the shipowners of Berwick•upon-Tweed. The peti-
tioners had embarked a large capital in the shipping
interest of the country, which was now in a measure des-
troyed by foreign competition. Foreigners could build
and fit out vessels at one half the cost of British, and could
also provision and sail them for half the money it would
cost in this country ; by which means our shipping was
likely to lose the whole of the carrying trade. A similar
petition had been, he understood, presented from New-
castle-on-Tyne, to which also he wished to give his sup-
port.
Mr. AGLIONBY presented four petitions in favour
of beer shops, praying that they might he placed
on the same footing as regards time with licensed vic-
tualling-houses. They were from St. James's, Clerken-
well, St. George the Martyr, and St. Mary, Newington,
Surrey.
Sir R. INGLIS presented a petition from Bedford
against the registration of voters.
Mr. FITZSIMON presented a petition from Claon,
King's County, praying for the abolition of the punish-
ment of death except in cases of murder ; and from Tulle-
more against slavery.
Lord MORPETH presented a petition from Wakefield
fur the better observance of the Sabbath.
ATTORNEYS' CER ['MATE DUTIES.

TheHorr. Mcktena also presented a petition from the
faculty of procurators in Paisley, complaining of the at-
torneys' certificate duties.
Mr. HUAIE supported the prayer of the petition. He
objected to the system of licensing altogether, for it
pressed very unfairly on many practitioners, because those
who only received 2001. or 300/. annually fur their prac-
tice, paid as much as those who received many th,usands.
Mr. HUME then presented a petition from the inha-
bitants of Newborough, in Fifeshite, respecting the
qualification of voting in Scotland.
Sir R. VYVYAN presented a petition from the cler-
gymen of the Eastern Division of Cornwall, against the
Bill now before the House, for the alteration of the Tern-
poralities of the Irish Church. Also another petition,
from the inhabitants of Bedminster, to the same effect.
Sir R. INGLIS supported the prayer of the petition.
NEGRO SLAVERY.
Sir IL VYVYAN next presented a petition from the
bankers, merchants, traders, and others of Bristol,
stating their fears that the plan proposed by his Majesty's
Ministers for the abolition of slavery would greatly injure
the West India trade, and praying the House ma,urely to
consider the subject before they passed any law upon
it. Also a petition from the merchants atid
mortgagees of estates and plantations in the 13ritish
West India. Islands to the same effect. The 1100.
Member also presented a petition, from persons interested
on this subject resident in the city of Edinburgh, against
any sudden or violent abolition of slavery. The peti-
tioners maintained that the property enjoyed by
themselves
and others, had long been sanctioned by repeated Acts
of Parliament, and they trusted that whatever alteration
took place their property would be respected. The lion•
Member also presented another petition to the same effect
from the inhabitants of Dumfries and its vicinity. Also
a petition from the parish of St. Stephen, in Bris-
tol, praying that the assessed taxes might be repealed.—
The lion. Member presented a petition from West Mailing,
for the better observance of the S tisbatie.
Mr. EGERTON presented a similar petition from
Roden, in Cheshire.
Lord EBRINGTON presented several petitions from
