DIVIDENDS.

J. Hudson, tobacconist, Oxford-street, Nov. 13, at two, at the
Court of Bankruptcy.
W. Willmington, jun., glove-manufacturer, Milbourne Port,
Somersetshire, Nov. 28, at twelve, at the Court of Bankruptcy.
J. Sard, woollen-draper, SL Martin's.lane, Nov. 28, at one, at
the Court of Bankruptcy.
F. Prestinari, looking.glass-manufacturer, Leather-lane, Hol-
born, Nov. 28, at two, at the Court of Bankruptcy.
J. Bond, underwriter, Lloyd's Coffee-house, Nov. 29, at two,
at the Court of Bankruptcy.
A. Lopez, M. J. Iglesias, and F. Gonzalez, merchants, Cop-
thall.court, Nov. 29, at one, at the Court of Bankruptcy.
J. Burtinshaw, cotton-spinner, Stockport, Cheshire, Nov. 27,
at one, at the King's Arms Inn, Manchester.
J. Cooper, corn-factor, Ryde, Southampton, Nov. 30, at
twelve, at the Fountain Inn, Portsmouth.
G. Wallis, painter, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, Dec. 10, at ten, at
the George Inn, Newcastle-upon-Tyne.
J. Bawden, merchant, Chard, Somersetshire, Nov. 29, at
eleven, at the Old London Inn, Exeter.
H. Holmes, stationer, Leeds, Yorkshire, Dec. 10, at eleven, at
the Court.house, Leeds.
R. Bell, joiner, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, Dec. 4, at eleven, at the
Turf Hotel, Newcastle-upon-Tyne.
J. May, victualler Great Yarmouth, Norfolk, N0v.28, at six,
at the Angel Inn, victualler,
Yarmouth.
T. Claug h ton, salt-man ufact urer, Haydock Lodge, Lancashire,
Nov. 29, at ten, at the Star Inn, Manchester.
J. Taylor, car-proprietor, Liverpool, Dec. 4, at twelve, at the
Clarendon-rooms, Liverpool.
G. Reynolds, druggist, Coventry, Nov. 28, at one, at the Court
of Bankruptcy.

CERTIFICATES, Nov. 27.
P. W. White, victualler, Epping-place, Mile-End Old TOW!).
C. Barham, oilman, Bankside, Southwark,
W. Swainson, warehouseman, city.
W. Read, furnishing ironmonger, Francis-street, Tottenham-
court-road.

PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
L. and P. Hitchon, woolstaplers, Wakefield, Yorkshire.
W. Mosley and J. Traunter, maltsters, Worksop, Nottingham.
W. C. Daman and Co., attorneys, Romsey, Southampton.
C. E. E. Graeve and Co., paper-hangers, Rathbone-place.
W. F. Reynolds and W. G. Colchester, tallow-merchants, Bar-
bican.

-PYaarmoutli, Norfolk.
J.
W.
..annddlNVV.. TH.TTaiydldo,rr
soc.
regreso,
nWs, hGitreceahta
R. Lambert and Co., attorneys, Bradford, Yorkshire.
T Rowley, sen., and T. Rowley, jun., saddlers' ironmongers,
Wallsall.
W. Horsley and Co., merchants, Manchester.
W. 13ackhouse and J. Washer, coach-smiths, Drury-lane.
J. and T. Blackburn, common carriers, Gruelthorpe, Yorkshire.
F. Hopkins and M. Lingford, linen-drapers, Broadway, West-
minster.
J. and E. Griffin, sheep-skin salesmen, Borough Skin-market.
R. Clark and J. Sharp, coalmasters, Norwood and Gordon
Gill, Evenwood, Durham.
W. C. and J. Heditch, leather trunk-makers, Charles street,
Hatton garden.
G. Keen and Co., graziers, Harty, Isle of Sheppy, Kent.
W. Sutcliffe and Co., corn-dealers, Underbank, Stanfield, Ha-
lifax, Yorkshire.
W. Robinson and C. Coleman, merchants, Liverpool.
J. Pilling and G. M'Gowan, millwrights, Burnley, Lancashire.
G. Fisher and Co., nurserymen, Hansworth, Yorkshire.

~ ,L b.:~.~ {

~.

k

TRIBUTE TO MINISTERS.

Yesterday a deputation, headed by Sir John Key,
the Lord Mayor of London, and consisting of forty
ventlemen, waited upon Lords Grey, Alt horp, and
John Russell, to present their Lordships with gold
cups, the produce of a penny subscription amongst
the people. Lord Brougham, in consequence of
'finess, could not receive the deputation, and sent to
the Lord Mayor an intimation of his regret at being
obliged to postpone his interview upon so interest-
ing an occasion with the Committee.
At a quarter-past one the deputation arrived at
Downing-street, and were immediately received by
L•-rrd Grey, whom Sir John Key addressed in the
following terms :
" My Lord,—A large portion of my fellow-citi-
zens, admiring your Lordship's high character, and
feeling—deeply grateful to you for the benefits you
have rendered to your country, have been anxious to
offer to your Lordship a tribute of their esteem, and
a memorial of their gratitude. A deputation of the
Committee, formed for the purpose of carrying the
wishes of the people into effect, have now the ho-
nour of waiting upon your Lordship, and requesting
that you wiil do them the honour of accepting that
testimony which they are commissioned to present
to you, and which is the result of the most warm
unanimity. They are perfectly aware, my Lord,
that it falls far short of your Lordship's merits, or

of that grateful feeling of respect in which you are
held by all; indeed, they would readily amongst
themselves have contributed for a much more ex-

pensive proof of their approbation; but it was their
wish to afford to as large a number as possible the
gratification of uniting in thus testifying their gra-
titude. It was on that account that the sub-
scription of each' individual was limited to so
small a sum as one penny, by which means
an opportunity has been afforded to upwards
of 300,000 of those honest and independent men,
who, though they may be called by some the hum-
bler classes of society, will vie with the proudest
Noble in the land in the independence of their
spirit, the integrity of their conduct, and the sup-
port of the liberties of their country ; who, by their
firmness and determination to aid your Lordship in
your arduous struggle for recovering for them their
long-lost rights and privileges, have set an example
which has met with a responsive echo from every
freeman through the land, and by their temperance
and moderation proved themselves worthy of those
liberties, the restoration of which your Lordship,
and your illustrious colleagues have achieved. By
such subscription has this cup been purchased. The
Committee are aware that your Lordship would
apprediate the tribute of the feelings of those they
represent, not for its intrinsic value, but as affording
a gratifying proof of the estimation in which your
Lordship is held by so numerous a portion of the
free, and enlightened, and independent inhabitants
of that great city, in which liberty has ever been
cradled and cherished, to the promotion of the cause
zo which your Lordship has so eminently contri-
buted, and the principles of which you so uninter-
mittingly and powerfully maintained. The deputa-
tion feel gratified at this opportunity of waiting on
your Lordship, and unite with me in most earnestly
wishing that your Lordship may long continue to
guide the affairs of this country, and that your va-
luable life may be long, very long, preserved, a
blessing to your family and your country."
His Lordship then presented the cup, of which

the following is a description :
The foot represents the root of an oak surrounded
by the rose, shamrock, thistle, and leek. The stem
on which the cup rests is the trunk of the oak, with
branches rising on either side, which form the
handles. The body is ornamented with the rose,
thistle, and shamrock, intermingled with the
branches and leaves of the oak. On one side of the
cup the arms and crest of each noble Lord are en-
graved ; and on the other side is engraved the fol-
lowing inscription, which, with the exception of the
name, is the came on the four cups :

To the Right Hon. CHARLES EARL GREY, KG.,
First Lord of the Treasury,
THIS CUP.
Purchased by a Penny Subscription of the Inhabitants of
London and the Metropolitan Districts,
under the Patronage of
The Right Hon. Sir John Key, Bart., Lord Mayor,
is presented,
as a Testimonial of their high Admiration and Esteem,
for his Noble and Patriotic Conduct
in procuring
a Reform in the Commons' House of Parliament;
and as a Memento, that
a Minister
best supports the Dignity of the Crown,
by insuring
the Welfare and Happiness of
THE PEOPLE.

The cover is surmounted by a crown, and the
sceptre with the dove, the emblem of peace, sup-
ported on one side by the sword and scales of jus-
tice, and on the other by an open Bible, on the
leaves of which is written," Take away the wicked
from before the King, and his throne shall be es-
tablished in righteousness."—Prov. ch. xxv. v. 5.
On either side are emblematical devices, represent-
ing the two Houses of Parliament, resting upon
the industry of the people, which is illustrated by
the horn of plenty, and the implements of hus-
bandry. Round the rim of the cover are the Bac-
chanalian symbols of Joy and Gladness.
The cups weigh 85 ounces, and will contain five
pints of wine each. They were made by Messrs.
Gass and Son, 42, Oxford-street.
The above cups are the result of a penny sub-
scription of the inhabitants of London and its envi-
rons; planned, carried on, and matured by the fol-
lowing Committee : •
Messrs. J. Denny, Chairman, W. Kilburn, Treasurer,
J. Poplett, G. Shepherd, Woods, jun., Flanders, D.
Timothy, D. Gass, Rogers, D. Parry, Kingharn, W,
Elliott, F. G. Banner, C. S. Newman, W. Watson, W.
Barnes, Wilkins, Puzzey, J. Newell, Claxton, T. 011ey,
T. Robinson, G. Meadway, T. Russell, Summerland, D.
Barrett, Wilson, F. Pith, G. Johns, Bleloch, J. Jacobs, J.
Horn, W. Must, H. Haines, Wallis.
Lord GREY bowed to the Committee, and ad-
dressed them nearly to the following effect :—" I
receive, with a degree of gratification which I really
cannot find words to express, this highly flattering
mark of the approbation of so large a number of
the people of London. The gift is, as your Lord-
ship has truly remarked, valuable in my eyes, not
because of the intrinsic worth, but because it tes-
tifies the approval of my public conduct in a way
which it is impossible to contemplate without the
deepest feeling of respect. It is, I must say, the
more estimable to me when I consider its occasion
and the circumstances which have given rise to ir.
All things, in fact, have concurred in rendering the
gift one of the most valuable which I ever have re-
ceived, and my sense of gratitude is greatly increased
by the consideration that the tribute is presented by
the hands of your present Chief Magistrate, and
that it comes from the great and opulent city of
London—a city not more important for its greatness
and opulence than it is for the maintenance of those
grand principles, without the promotion and sup-
port of which liberty cannot, under any circum-
stances, exist. I accept of your gift, my Lord
Mayor and Gentlemen, with much greater gratitude
than I can possibly give utterance to, and I shall
hand it down to my posterity, not only as a testi-
mony of the affectionate recollections of a generous
people, but in the hope that it will operate as an
incentive to the pursuit of those acts by which the
liberties of the country are supported and secured.
I have no merit to boast of, save that of a faithful
adherence to the principles which I have professed
all through a long public life. I have, in the en-
deavour to discharge my duty to the public, been
assisted in carrying into execution a great measure
by the public, without whose assistance I know
that all my efforts would have been unavailing. I '
trust that the result of the united exertion will be
most highly advantageous to the community; but I
feel, and cannot help acknowledging, that if it had
not been for men, virtuous, and independent, and
spirited as those I now have the honour to address,
the attempt to carry into effect the measure to which
I allude would have been quite useless."
The Committee could not resist the temptation

:: S~~.?

to cheer the Minister as he proceeded in his oh.
servations.

, Mr. DENNY, the chairman of the Committee, then
proceeded to describe the emblematical fi,ures on
the very beautiful cup which was presented to his
Lordship. After having very neatly complimented
his Lordship, in the course of his description, he
came to that part which represented Bacchus, and
said that his Lordship, in quaffing the juice of the
grape from the vessel, would drink to the conti
nuance of 'the liberty which he had contributed so
mainly to re establish.
Lord GREY said there could be no doubt of that.
He would drink to the general establishment of
freedom, connected with peace and order.
The deputation next proceeded to the apartments
of Lord Althorp, in Downing-street, and
The LORD MAYOR addressed his Lordship, and
informed him that 300,000 of his grateful fellow-
citizens had contributed to produce the memorial
which was now offered to his acceptance. The
Lord Mayor spoke in the highest terms of the ex-
ertions of the Noble Lord, and wished him lone
life, to bring to perfection the great plan of poli-
tical and moral improvement which he had so glo-
riously commenced.
Lord ALTHORP declared that his feelings upon
this occasion were not to be expressed or described.
It had been said that the present was not one of
great value. It was, he thought, take it under any
circumstances, of considerable value, but that value
was infinitely increased by the manner in which it
had been presented to him, and the manner in which
it had been subscribed for, for nothing on earth
could be a source of greater gratification to him than
to receive from so enormous a body of men any tes
timony of their unanimous approval. He had been
by the assistance of the people, enabled to carry a
great measure, and the honour which had been con-
ferred upon him, and the popularity which he had
acquired, were infinitely beyond what he had ex-
pected or deserved ; for it was surely no great
merit to carry through, when he had the power to
do so, a measure which it had been his object,
during the whole of his life, to effectuate. If such a
reward as that which he now received from the
hands of 300,000 of his fellow-subjects were to fol-
low the accomplishment of all virtuous measures by
virtuous means, he did not know who could resist
the mighty temptation to join in the enterprise.
The deputation last visited Lord John Ressell at
the Army Pay-office.
The LORD MAYOR, in addressing the Noble Lord
said, that the citizens of London having, for years,
witnessed his exertions in the cause of civil and re-
ligious liberty, and in defence of the rights and
liberties of the people, were anxious for an oppor-
tunity of manifesting the estimation in which he
was justly held by them, and presented him with
that cup in proof of their esteem and gratitude—
the esteem and gratitude of those who might very
Justly be termed the sinews and strength of the na-
tion—by whose firmness, temperance, and inde-
pendence, he and his illustrious colleagues were
supported in their enlightened and arduous struggle
for restoring to the people their long-lost rights and
liberties. To a Nobleman who, like his Lordship,
bore a name which had ever afforded an illustrious
example in the pages of British history, whose an-
cestors had nobly bled and died in support and in
defence of the liberties of the people, at a time
when they were assailed by a reckless arid tyrannical
Monarch, to such a Nobleman it must afford a gra-
tification indeed to receive the grateful acknowledg-
ment of the esteem arid gratitude of upwards of
300,000 of the independent inhabitants of this great
city, within whose walls liberty had ever found a
sure resting-place, and in support of whose prin-
ciples his Lordship had proved himself worthy of
the name he bore, and of that people whose confi-
dence he sn entirely possessed.
Lord J. RUSSELL returned thanks in the warmest
manner. He reckoned the present one of the
proudest moments of his life. Such a proof of ap-
probation as a gift from 300,000 of his fellow.
subjects ha considered, next ;o the approbation of
his own eun'cience, the greatest reward a public
man could receive. These were the things which
extinguished the bitterness attendant on public life,
which amply recompensed him who strove to be-
nefit de community for the obstacles, and opposi-
tier!, arid labours, which he was destined to meet.
He claimed no merit to himself. It was his good
fortune to be associated with men of greater taleros
and distinction in the pursuit of objects of th,
highest and deepest importance to tee religious and
political freedom of the nation. He rejoiced that a
great object had been effected by the co-operation
which had taken place. With respect to the future,
he would assure those around him, that his conduce
should be guided by the feelings and principles
which influenced his former actions.

The deputation then departed, gratified beyond
measure at the reception which they had met.

BOROUGH OF LAMBETH.

Last evening a very numerous meeting of Mr. Tenny-
son's Committee was held in the large room at the Horn's
Tavern, Kennington, for the purpose of reporting the
progress made in the canvass for th it gentleman. SAMUEL
PALMER in the chair.

The CHAIRMAN, after observing that it was unneces-
sary for him to occupy the time of the meeting by a reca
pitulation of Mr. Tennyson's high and well-known claim,
to the support of the electors of Lambeth, proceeded to
state that the moat flattering expectations which could
have been entertained of the Right Hon. Candidate's suc-
cess would undoubtedly be realized when the day of elec-
tion arrived. That the number of actual promises already
received in favour of Mr. Tennyson, out of a constituency
of about 4,000 electors, amounted to 2,700, while nearly
850 persons, who declined giving positive promises, had
expressed their approval of Mr. Tennyson in such terms
which placed their ultimate accession to his cause beyond
a doubt.—(This announcement was received with loud
cht,ering.)
Mr. J. H. PALMER (a barrister) then rose to propose a
congratulatory resolution on the favourable aspect of Mr.
Tennyson's cause, and in doing so, alluded to the motion
of the Marquis of Chandos, during the progress of the. Re-
form Bill, for depriving the metropolitan districts of their
intended franchise ; and most ably and conclusively refuted,
from experience acquired during the canvass in the
borough of Lambeth, the Noble Lord's unjust and unrea-
sonable predictions as to the character of the future con-
stituencies of the metropolitan boroughs. _

Mr. Powls seconded the resolutioTa, which was carried
unanimously, amidst loud cheering.
The thanks of the meeting were then voted with accla-
mation to the Chairman, for his unremitting exertions in
promoting the interests of the people, and for his conduct
in the chair.

The CHAIRMAN then returned thanks, and the meeting
separated.

LORD TENTERDEN'S FUNERAL.—Prepara-
tions are making for Lord TENTERDEN'S funeral, which,
it is understood, is to be private. Anxious to preserve
a likeness of his Lordship, his family have had a cast
of his features taken since his demise, from which a
marble bust is to be modelled. The funeral is fixed for
Saturday morning next, and is to proceed from his Lord-
ship's residence in Russell-square to the Foundling Hos-
pital, of which Institution his Lordship was President,
and in the burial-place attached to which he is said to
have expressed a desire to have his remains laid. Lord
TENTERDEN was not very ambitious of ostentatious pomp,
and on this subject expressed a desire hy will that he
might he interred as a" Private Gentleman," and not as
a " Public Officer," in conformity with which his Lord-
ship's family mean to proceed. The following simple in-
scription is to mark the plate on his Lordship's coffin :
" CHARLES ABBOTT, Lord TYNTERDEN, Chief Justice of
the Court cif King's Bench, and Vice-President of the
Foundling Hospital, died Sunday, Nov. 4, 1832, aged 71
years."

The Duke of BUCKINGHAM has repaired
from his noble palace at Stowe, to his seat at Avington,
near Winchester, where, in the society of very select
friends, he intends to remain during the shooting season.
Game is this year unusually abundant in the preserves at
Avington, which are, however, in general very plentifully
stocked. At Avington, a few seasons ago, were havetl
on the last day, in one coppice alone, 250 phea•ants, 109
hares, and 116 rabbits ; 475 in one cope, which, with

13 days' previous sport, made a gran'd total of 3,000
head. Although the Noble Duke's sight is indifferent, he
is considered an excellent shot.

BOROUGH OF SOUTLIWARK ELECTION.

Yesterday evening a meeting of the Electors of South-
wark was held at the Salmon, in Union-street, fee the
purpose of agreeing on measures for securing the re-election
of 11r. William Brougham, their present representative.
This being the first election meeting. it was held in the
Clink Liberty of Southwark, which was enfranchised by
the Reform Bill ; it excited great interest in the Borough,
particularly in the Clink Liberty. The meeting was nu-
merous and highly respectable. Mr. W. Brougham was
present, and on entering the room was received with long.
continued cheering.
Mr. WILLIAMS was unanimously called to the Chair.
He briefly stated the object of the meeting, which was to
secure the reelection of their present representative Mr.
William Broughom, whose exertions in support of Re-
form, and the whole of whose public conduct they Mast all
approve, and he had no-doubt they would all unite to pro•
cure his re-election.—(Hear.)
Mr. SMITH said he had a resolution to propose, which
he was confident would meet their hearty approbation; but
he must first, as an inhabitant of the Clink Liberty, ex-
press his gratitude to their excellent representative, in
which he was confident they must all participate, for the
xteision of the elective franchise to the Clink Liberty.
—(Hear, hear.) He was confident they would all unite
in re-electing the representative who bad so well fulfilled
every engagement he had made, and every expectation
they voted form.—( Hear, hear.) He concluded by moving
a resolution that William Brougham, Esq., their eresent
representative, having redeemed every pledge he had given
on becoming their representative, had fully entitled himself
to the confidence of his constituents, and was a fit and proper
person to represent the Borough in the Reformed Pare
liament, and they would therefore return him as their re-
presentative without allowing him to incur any expense.
—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. Wrene seconded the motion. He felt that it was
incumbent on independent men to return their represent-
atives without allowing the into incur any expense ; and he
was confident the electors of Southwark would act ou that
independent principle.—( Hear, hear.) Under the cor-
rupt borough system, Members of Parliament incurred
great expense in their elections, and too often repaid them-
selves by supporting the Ministers against the people.—
(Hear, hear.) Mr. Brougham came forward the sup-
porter of the people's rights, like his Noble Brother and
Earl Grey. It was to their exertions that they owed the
great measure of Reform, and he was confident they would
svince their sense of the mighty blessing, by returning
Mr. Brougham on the most independent principles; and
he was no less confident that Mr. Brougham would con-
tinue to prove himself the friend of freedom and the rights
of the people, and would do honour to their choice.
Mr. SMITH said, Mr. Brougham had proved himself a
most consistent Reformer, and his conduct well deserved
their warmest approbation, but he wished to learn Mr.
Brougham's opinions on some important points, before the
meeting pledged themselves, particularly on the Corn
Laws, West India Slavety, and Church Reform. He
wished also to call Mr. Brougham's attention to the ex-
pense of the New Police, which was very great. Before
the establishment of the New Mee, they paid their watch
201. a week, they now pay the police 401. a week. He
hoped in the Reformed Parliament their representative
would have this great expense reduced, and would bring
the police under the control of parochial boards.
Mr. BROUGHAAI rose to address the meeting, and was
boldly cheered. He assured them that it was with feel-
ings of peculiar satisfaction he found himself for the first
time addressing the inhabitants of the Clink Liberty as
his constituents.—(Hear, hear.) When he bad first the ho-
nour of being introduced to the Clink Liberty, he pledged
himself to use his beat exertions to procure the elective
franchise for the Clink; he had redeemed his pledge, and
felt happy that-they were now in possession of the right
to which they were se well entitled. Even Sir Charles
Wetherell supported the motion for adding the Clink to
Southwark, which showed how well they were entitled to
he privilege they now possessed. The Learned Gentle-
man was an antiquarian, and, when the motion was made,
supported it, because the Clink, he said, was the most an-
cient part of Southwark ; it was is it the Biehop.of Win-
chester lived, and in it he licensed the stews.-,(Great
laughter.) When he came to the borough a year and
half ago he was unknown to them except by the
name he bore, which, however, was no bad god-
lather.—(Cheers and laughter.) During the eighteen
mono a that had since elapsed he had had as much
Parliamentary experience as during sight years in or-
dinary times ; and he won d lay his hand on his heart and
say that, during the whole tbat eventful period he bad
never been on., absent from his p :so—(Great applause.)
He looked b Lek with pleasure and with pri. e to the faith-
tul discharge of the great trust th, y had confided to him
as i is best claim to their future confidence.—(Gieat ape
plause.) The only reason for requiting pledges from cane
dids tee was distrust. It they liar confidence in their cane
did ,tes, it was more straight forward—more English, to
.how their confidence, thon to hind him by pledges. If
they had c nfidence, in God's name, let him go forth as
tmeir independent representative—not as their fettered
slave.—(Hear, hear.) Pledges could not make a dis-
honest representative honest. The constituents had a full
right to know the sentiments of their representatives, but
the dishonest man would always be ready to pledge him-
self, to make theepromise to the ear, but he would eot
scruple to break it in his conduct. On every subject 00
which he had formed an opinion, he was ready to state
that opinion, and the impression on which he acted. The
next Session of Parliament would, if possible, be eve°
more important than the last ; and if the people re'
turned honest representatives, they would at once
begin to reap the blessed fruits of Reform?—(Hear,
hear.) A multitude of most important questions were nod
ripe for disctosiun. The Corn Laws was one which had
been often discussed, but nothing done, but which could
not now be longer delayed. The Poor Laws alas called
aloud for revision and amendment ; and Church Refaces
was scarcely less important than Parliamentary R,ft ern.e'
(Hear, hear.) Its abuses were so great and p easing, tbat
they were felt by all ; and the clergy themselves were pro-
posing reform ; this fact proved its necessity.—(Heart
hear.) He could not say what extent of reform must take
place, but he would consider that nothing was done, unless
pluralities and non-residence were abolished, and the work"
ing clergy paid by some other system than tithes.—(Hear..
hear.) And he would also vote that the Bishops should
not have seats in the House of Lords.—(lmmense cheer-
ing.) He was not now bidding for their votes, but stating
his conscientious opinions. He knew there would be or
position to pulling the Bishops out of the House of Lords,
but from what be saw of their conduct last Session, be
thought that they were much out of their place oib°
squabbling in the House of Lords as if they were
boroughmongers.—(Great applause.) Their remove'
from Parliament would abate that feeling of disgust
at the conduct of the Bishops which at present prevails,
and make the people more willing to support the Church:
Tithes he considered a great abomination, and was satisfied
the working clergy might be paid without them.—(hear,
hear.) He knew an instance lately in which a recto!,
who hod always insisted on the tenth of the produce li;
kind, died; his successor entered into a composition, and
the consequence was, that the produce of the land was
raised from about 40.. an acre to from 10/. to 141.—,
(Hear.) On West India slavery he need not say much
he was brought up in horror of it, and would feel the
greatest pleasure in seeing it abolished in the shortest pos-
sible time, and he believed the planters were willing to
meet us half way.—,(Hear, hear.) The Hon. Gentleman
proceeded to say that he should vote for the total repeal of
the assessed taxes, which pressed unequally on the people'
and the whole amount of which might be saved to, runlet'
retrenchment. He would also vote for the repeal of all
taxes on knowledge, confident that the more knowledge
was diffused amongst the people, the better they would be
governed. He should also, if the new police was were
expensive than it ought to be, move for an inquiry and re'
suction of expense. In reply to a question respectil
the vote by ballot, the Hon. Gentleman said he was 11'
present indisposed to it, as he would prerer that the elec..
tars should give independent votes wi:hout concealment'
but if necessary would agree to it.—(Hear, hear.)
An ELECTOR asked whether it was true that Lord
Brougham supported Lord Henley for illiddlesex?
Mr. BROUGHAM said his brother bad no conneclir
with Lord Henley, and hardly ever saw him. He (hid
B.) was connected with his Lordship by marriage, an
saw him often ; but there was so little political agree;
ment between them, that he never heard of his Lordshipo
intention to offer himself for Middlesex till be read it it
the newspapers. He thought no friend of his couOtta
could oppose Mr. Hume's election, and as his brother sod
himself were friends to the country they certainly seeu
not do it.--(lmmense applause.)
Several Electors expressed their perfect satisfact!!
with toe Hon. Gentleman's declarations, and the rest's",
Lion was carried unanimously.
Thanks were then voted to the Chairman. AY'
A motion was made to give three cheers for
Brougham, which was answered by giving three oP-
;hree, and one cheer more. slid

Mr. BacwoHim expressed his acknowledgments,
tilt. meeting separated, evidently well pleased with SP

representative and theinselvee.

PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS
Austrian Bonds B9
Belgian Bonds ?33/4%
Ditto Account
Brazilian Bonds
Ditto Account...
Buenos Ayres 22

Ditto ACebiint
Cllillton Belt d 3 -
Ditto Account. 16;6
Columbian Bonds .
Ditto Account
Ditto Bonds, 1824

Ditto Account...—. .....
Danish Bonds- 65% %
Ditto Account
Greek Bonds ......... '22
Ditto Bonds, 189.5
Ditto Account...—.
Mexican Bonds, 5 per cent 21%
Ditto Account

Ditto, 6 per cent. 27
Ditto Account. 265
Neapolitan

THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK
Peruvian Bonds IN
Ditto Account —
Portuguese Bonds
Ditto Account 49
Regency Scrip lsii dis.
Ditto Account 3l dis.
Prussian Bonds lOO%
Ditto Account —

i Ditto Bonds, 192:3. lOO
Russian ponds, 1922 9B
Ditto Account 98%
I New Loan 9i
jSpanish Bonds, 1821 I6N
Ditto Account 161.4%
Ditto Bonds, :823
Ditto Account 1556
French Rentes, 4p. c. —f —c.
-- Exchange —f. —c.
—S ncr cent. —f —c.

Exchange —f
Dutch Scrip 41434
Ditto Account ..... —41% 4296
Fr3nch Scrip 2 poi.

CRICKS OF SHARES THIS DAT AT ONE creLocit.
Paid. Per Share
Anglo Mex. Min. Co. (iss. at 51. pm., £lOO
Bolanos Mining Company
Brazilian Imp. Min. Co. (les. at 51. pm ) £2a
Ditto National 1716
Ditto St. John Del Rey lO
Ditto Cocaes . •
British Iron Mining Company £5O
Columbian Mining Co. (iss. at 51. pm.) 48%
English Mining Company l23¢
General Mining Association ll
Real del Monte Mining Co.
Umted Alex. Min. Co. ass. at 21
Ditto New Scalp
Alliance Fire Insurance Comp
Protector Insurance Comp. ,
Australian Co.
Canada Company
General Steam Navigation Co
Provincial Bank of Ireland

COURSE OF EXCH.
Amsterdam C.F 12 6i
Ditto, at sight. ..., 4
Rotterdam 21J 12 61
Antwerp 12 8
Hamburg M.B. 13 15
Altona l3 15;
Paris, 3 days' sight 25 85
Ditto 0 U. 26 10
Bordeaux l5
Berlin
Pirank fort on Maine, Ex. M. 154;
Petersburgh, ruble, 3 Us. 10 0
Vienna, effective 11. 2 M. 10 12
Trieste do lO 13
Madrid 36
Cadiz '36
Bilboa 36
Barcelona 35%
Seville 35%
Gibraltar 47%

• • • • . • • ••••••
pm.) 40

£2O
.....

NGE YESTERDAY.

514
15 16
6
2214

20342 b
4%4

x 156
7%
451 k
28%

Leghorn 47%
Genoa 26 10
Venice 46%
Malta 46
Naples 4O
Palermo per oz. 120
Lisbon
Oporto 49
Rio Janeiro
Bahia 32
Buenos Ayres
Dublin, 21 days' sight l%
Cork l%

_
BULLION, PER OZ.
s. d.
Portugal Gold, coin 0 0 0
Foreign Gold, in bars 3 17 9
New Doubloons 0 0 0
New Dollars
'Silver bars. standard 0 4 101

MAILS.
Arrived. Due. Arrived.
0 America 0 0 Hamburg
0 Brazil
0 Buenos Ayres
0 Carthagena.......
I Dublin 0 0 Lisbon 2
0 Flanders 0 I 0 Malta 0
0 France................. 0 1 0 Sweden
0 Guernse, &Jersey.. 0 1 0 Waterford 0

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
Morning... 35 minutes after I. I Evening...lB minutes after 2.

BOROUGH OF LAMBETH.
AT a very numerous MEETING of the
COMMITTEE for securing the Retorn of the
Right Hon. CHARLES TENNYSON, for the Borough
of Lambeth, held at the Horna Tavern, Kennington, on
Tuesday, the 6th instant,
SAMUEL PALMER, EN, in the Chair,
It was moved by J. H. PALMER, Esq., and seconded by

Join Pow's, Esq., and unanimously resolved,
That this hleeting receive with the highest gratification
the announcement from the C..air of the triumphant ma-
jority of promises hitherto tendered in favour of Mr. Ten-
nyson, and pledge themselves not to relax their efforts
until the day of election, whin they confidently anticipate
th Right Hon. Gentleman will be placed in such a situ-
ation on the poll as his patriotism and public worth justly
entitle him to.

SAMUEL PALMER, Chairman.

•
Z7fie
inutl
) telt
. eft,

LOA/DON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 7, 1832,

EMBARGO ON DUTCH VESSELS

It will be seen, by the following copy of the
Order in Council, which will just appear in an
Extraordinary Gazette, that an embargo is
placed on Dutch vessels from this day. Whatever
consequences tnay result from this decisive step, we
think his Majesty's Government deserve credit
for carrying their determination into effect with
becoming spirit and promptitude. Half measures
Would never bring the King of HOLLAND to
reason, as two years consumed in concocting
seventy protocol,: now attest :
" At the Court at St. James's, the Gth day of
November, 1832,

" PRESENT

" The King's most excellent Majesty in Council,
" It is this day ordered by his MAJESTY, by
and with the advice of his Privy Council, that
no ships or vessels belonging to any of his
Majesty's subjects be permitted to enter and
clear out for any of the ports within the do-
minions of the King of the NETHERLANDS
until further orders.

" And his MAJESTY is further pleased to
order that a general embargo or stop be made
of all ships and vessels whatsoever belonging to
the subjects of the King of the NETHERLANDS
llow within, or which shall hereafter come into,
any of the Ports, Harbours, or Roads,
within any part of his MAJESTY'S do-
luinions, together with all persons and ef-
fects on board such ships and vessels. And
that the commanders of his MAJESTY'S ships
of war do detain and bring into port all tiler-
chant-ships and vessels bearing the flag of the
Netherlands ; but that the utmost care be
taken for the preservation of all and
every part of the cargoes, on board any
of the said ships or vessels, so that no damage or'
elnbezzlement whatever be sustained ;—and the
Commanders of his MAJESTY'S ships of war
are hereby instructed to detain anti bring
1"to port every such ship and vessel accordingly.
" And the Right Honourable the Lords
Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, the
Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, and the
Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, are to give
the necessary directions herein as to them may
respectively appertain.

(Signed) " C. GREVILLE."

Some sensation has been created in the Tory
circles by the refusal of Lord PALMERSTON to
accede to a proposal made by an ex-IVlernber of
the Conference for a resumption of the negotia-
tion with Holland. It appears that yesterday
Prince LIEVEN made a communication to our
Government, purporting that Baron Von ZUY-
LEN was ready to treat with the Belgian Minis-
ter, hut on pressing him to state the bases on
Which he had power to treat, it appeared that
they Were those contained in the project of treaty

-
'ram E, OF 'Tie's. I, IS DAY AT 014,, O'C!".00K.
klank Stocht -
9 per Cent. Red....
3 per Cent Cons 53; 4 Than Bonds 2O 22 pm.
34 per Cent. — South Sea Stock
Ditto R 01.............- ...... 90443 i Old Annuities —
Nev 73% per Cent ... 92 %1; New Ditto —
3 Fel* Cent Ann. 1726 .. 3 per Cent. Ann. 1751
4 per Cent. 182 f 100; % Ex. Bills, ..s Loon 3l 30 ..n..
Bank Long Ann to expire Ditto soo— . 31 30 pm.
Jan. 5, It2tio ...... -.16 7-16 % Ditto Small
Oct. 10, 1859 16% Ditto Commercial ..... ... ran
Jan 5, IWO --. Ditto Advertised — -,m.
Jan. 5, IPB3 -...... Bank for Account lBB
April 5, 1880,..........„.. India for Account —
Jan. 5, 1870 ...... ......... Cnns. for N0v.... ........ ..S4 3; 4
