IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LURDS, AtAr 11.

The Earl of SHAFTESBURY took his seat on the Woolsack at Five
o'clock, in the absence of the Lord Chancellor.
Several private Bills were brought up from the House of Commons.
Lord BANDON presented a petition from several landowners in the
county of Cork, praying their Lordships to pass a measure for the better
regulation of tithes.

Lord LORTON presented seven petitions from parishes in the county
of Athlone against the Irish Poor Law Bill, and a similar petition from
the High Sheriff and Grand Jury of Antrim.
The Duke of RICHMOND presented petitions from Port Glasgow
and other places in favour of the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Bill.
The Marquis of LOTHIAN presented a petition to the same effect
item the City of Glasgow.
The girl of GLENGALL moved for certain returns conne:ted with
the consumption of spirituous liquors in Ireland.
The Marquis of CLANRICARDE presented a petition from the mer-
chants, bankers, and inhabitants of the City of Dublin, signed by 1,400
individuals, against the Irish Poor-law Bill.

Lord LYNDHURST presented several petitions for the abolition of
negro slavery.
IRISH POOR-LAW BILL.—LORD BROUGHAM.

Lord LYNDHURST said he had received a letter from a Noble and
Learned Friend of his, ■ow absent from England (Lord Brougham),
stating that, in consequence of the indisposition of a member of his
family, it would be impossible for him to be in his place before Thurs-
day next, and that he was extremely anxious to be present at the dis.
eussion of the Irish Poor-Law Bill. He (Lord Lyndhurst) would
therefore suggest to the Noble Viscount whether it might not be as
well to postpone the second reading o f that Bill till Thursday next.
Lord MELBOURNE was sure he would be extremely anxious to
have the advice and assistance of the Noble and Learned Lord. At the
same time, it must be recollected this Bill had been deferred for a consi-
derable length of time, and their Lordships might Judge whether the con-
venience of one single Peer was a sufficient ground for its farther postpon-
meat. What he proposed was, to move the second reading of the Bill on
Monday, with an understanding that their Lordships should not go into
Committee on the Bill before Friday, when the Noble and Learned Lord
would be in his place, and would have an opportunity of addressing the
;louse.
Lord LYNDHURST had not proposed that the second reading should
be postponed for the convenience of the Noble and Learned Lord ; but
as that Noble and Learned Lord had taken so remarkable a part in the
discussion on the English Poor-law Bill, it might be as well that the se-
cond reading should be postponed until the Noble Lord could be present.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY did not expect that anything he
could say would have any influence in obtaining the postponement of
this measure, when the Noble and Learned Lord who had just sat
down had failed in that endeavour ; but he must confess he thought
the measure had been forced on with a great deal of unnecessary haste.
On the motion of Lord PORTMAN, a return was ordered of the
names of all the boroughs under which trustees had been appointed for
charitable purposes under the Charity Commission Bill.
