YORKSHIRE ELECTION.

(From the :Leeds Mercury Extraordinary of Tuesday.)
On Monday morning a deputation from Leeds, consist-
ing of Thomas William Tonle, Esq., and George Mullin),
Vice-President of the Leeds Committee (John Mar-
shall, Esq., being the President), Thus. Benson Pease,
Esq., John Clapham, Esq., John Goodman, Esq., and
Edward Baines, Esq., waited upon Lord Morpeth and Mr.
Brougham at York, and presented the declaration with its
signatures. The decision of Lord Morpeth had already
been made known in the *hove Address ; and on receiving
the Leeds declaration, Air. Brougham issued the following
Address

TO THE CLERGY, GENTRY, AND FREEHOLDERS OF

THE COUNTY OP YORK.
vont', JULY VI, IBA
0 atert.escest,—.l have received the Heseintioni of the Meeting
held here on the 14k1. I have had the honour of conferring with
11013113tiOrt A'Oni the West Rlrting. and other communications
from dirkrent quartets loin with those in leaving ins no room to
doubt that the rashest lemma which a :Ilea of these realms
rats tocchre from the namis of his fellow.cit Lens is about to be
conteried upon trie....tinsolicited.—for until now I have neither
witten nor spoken on the subject to a single person connected
with your vast county.
The attempt would be vain to dissemble the exultation which
fins my mind upon the prospect of this extraordinary event I
yet can I truly affirm that the smallest part of the gratification
experience Is horn the near view of the brigfitest summit to
which an Englishman's ambition can aspire. Aty delight is in
the boundless prospect which will be spread before my eyes,
when I shall by your aid, alter a life of public service, have
reached that commanding eminence, I can now only look hack
upon the put, in order to be assured that I am recommended to
you by those eat principles which we hold sacred in common,
touching the twit interests of mankind.
The triumph of these principles is, indeed, now about to be
achieved ; for I am only known to you by my devotion to the
Improvementt of our species, by the love I bear to civil and re.
11 ous liberty all over the world--by my inextinguishable hatred
or slavery, under what name were: it may be veiled, and of
whatever melt may be the curse.
If you place in soy hands the sacred trust of representing you
in the Commons Mouse of Parliement, you arm me with power
to complete thegood works which we have begun together, nor
will I test from my labours until, by tkebiessing of Otal, I hate
teen end of the abuses which bend England to the ground,
and the mists disperso from the eyes of the ignorant, and the 1
clients drop front the bands of the ;dove I
1 an your faithful servant,
H. BitOUOIIIAM.

On Sunday night• the Wahl for the election were re-
ceived, snd on the morning of Afootlay, the HMI. Robert
Edward Petty., the High Sheriff for the county, was
waited upitn, and he fixed Thuroky, the )oth of Au-
gust, as the day for electing the Knights of the shire for
thit County. _

That no time might be lost in p►ying their respects to
the freeholder., Lnrd Morpeth, and Mr. Brougham, on
the solicitation of the Leeds deputstion, determined to visit
Leech► this day; and the Leeds Committees, in order to re-
ceive the candidate* with due honours, Invited them to a
public breakfast at Millard's, the Commercial Buildings
Tavern, which invitation they were both pleased very cor..
dially to accept. On Monday night Mr, Brougham, ac..
compenirel by his friend, George Strickland, Esti., strived
in Leeds, and about right o'clock Lord Morpeth, who had
travelled this morning front Biehopethorpe, accompanied
by his friend and rela►►ve, Sir J. V. B. Johnstone, Bart.,
arrived at the Commercial-buildings, anti wait received
with every demonstration of attachment and regard. Soon
afterwards Mr. Brougham arrived frost► Beech Grove,
where be had inept, and was received with that enthusiasm
which his exalted political character and distinguished tit•
tents were sure to command. At half-past eight the corn.
pony was ushered into the Coffee-room, where one of the
most sumptuous breakfasts ever provided in this town
was served np, tinder the direrfon of Mr. Mellard.

. -
At half-past nine o'clock the candidates, accompanied
by the merchant. and other friends, quitted the house and
entered upon their perambulation round the COloured
Cloth-hail, where their reception from the mannfacturers
was most cordial. The tour itaing accomplished, the can.
didatee end their leading friends took their station upon
the " permanent boding.," in the spacious area of the
(loth-.hall. After some diille,ulty end delay lit obtaining
the requisite silence in the vilAt Sisternbly, 'which gunnunted
et lead, la tlis course, of the proweedings, to 10,000
perteint,—.

Jon* Masonau„, I?.aq. (one of the retiring Members
for this county), came forward and said, " Gratkratri, I
have the honour to intratice to you toy Noble Friend,
Lord Viscount Morpeth, as ft gentleman eminently qualified
to fulfil tie duties of your lleyireseotative in this plat
county.
Lord Aloarrrn then said, " Gentlemen, at a meeting
numerously and respect ibly 'attended, which took phut
lot Friday at York, I received an invitation to conic far.
ward upon the grounds that the result wait to be decided
by your free suffrages, and nut by a race of expcnest which
I Ovoid have felt myself very blameable to embark in.
That call which was made upon me, gentlemen, I have
obeyed. As to those with whom it is likely I now may
associatoil, it would be very utiberotning in me to speak
of them before your choice is hined ; but I look af
th"ft who have gone before me, and, in the first place,
eannot forget, especialty whoa speaking in this town, the
Ifersoo who has in to flattering a manner introduced me to
Y'V rmake, I mean your late rept' wentittive, Mr. Marshall,
win after :pending is useful and honnurehle life in sue-
, fal industry, c4-irtied witl v t that
10:1):Zilt:trjr_infrinplowand_ mildlnesisil:4llnicatiaorr rjartwnehrlich are
Hie, butt dis";:irlan tit the bower and middle stations of,'
to .hobos Eituint 41::" ---(Citerraq-,-1 torn front him
cideatal otreuu t "(Lfd Milton) who set cif these-
. w duces his etoioinit esok fortune by
the most fearless assertion a
etabeneionstlupstai:f.tzeldr,
iht-irrotertiroal itoni winds them,
and Lord Wharoel MI and I wilt el** 411114,11:17:41
list with the Wane of Mr. Williettiove7twitwil
to be dattirati than that of any other paeilt,B "
es+tn onto to
my memory; when we reeolieet shot while
ti
done more for the wawa of men, no one has sassed -;
do it Mara for the honour, of God. Well poly I feel hnrnhts
when I take into account nut only thott with whom I

am to he unitea,"bot those who have faithfully served you
as your representatives in Parliament. What then are the
Circumstances which encourage and el eer me while I thug
prr sent myself before you ? What has induced me to so
licit the favour of your support? , Bee/tame I feel litst in
a great measure 1 share the ptilltelples which you entertain.
---(Bear, heat.) I desire to promote the cause of liberal
trolley, knowledge, end freedom, end I know you to he
liberal, enlightened, and free.—( Hear.) lam not igno-
rant, gentlemen, of the circumstance that my nomination
was suggested by the landed interest. I was proposed by
the landed interest, lam connected with the landed in..
terest by birth, and am a member of the Aristocracy.
Do I on that account fie' it want of confidence in address-
ing you ? No, quite the contrary. I would not ask of
you to think one bit the !better of me on account of these
eeeMeerai circumstances; all I ask of you is, nbt to think
tweessatily the worse of tne.—(bear, hear:) Owe me an
opportunity to sr rye you, I will do kb with zeal if not with
ability ; and as I now prefer ho claim to your support but
that of my principles, I will then appeal to no test hut
that of oty conduct.—(Loutl cheering.) But you will
wish, gentlemen, to hear, and you have a right to hear,
what the principles are to which I have left:tied ; I will state
them very briefly, and I hope very distinctly. I ant attach, d
to the Constitution under which I was born, and nod, r
which the greatness of my country has grown, but I think
led all beet show our attachment to it by supporting with
the most lesions care that popular principle by which it
is upheld, and I am cat tainly of opinion that the present
system of Parliament calls loudly for great amendment....-
(fear, hear.)—To what precise extent that ought to be
erfecte I I should never think it advisable to give before.
hand a precise opinion, but leave myself at liberty to sup-
port such measures us may appear to me most practicable
and Most efficient; and I cannot help observing, while I
look around me at the numbers who are listening to me,
and think that the town of Leeds, in common with seve-
ral others, such as Menchoster, Birmingham, and Glasgow
—towns of great importanee and opulence, are not repre-
sented in the Parliatnent of the country, I think whatever
might be my previous disposition. this circumstance will
cause me to see the expediency, the justice, and tlie cer-
tainty of reform.—(Cheers.).—The forenmet topic may
now be said to be the eholition of Negro Slavery. I trust
that in the just tribute I have felt myself called upon to
pay to Mr. Wilberforee, I have stated what are my
opinions upon that subject. I should do ill to tread upon
what I may call my Learned Friend (Mr. Brougham's)
peculiar ground, (though there are few subjects which he
has not made his own) further that to say, the aim-
lit;ion of Slavery seems to be a matter in which we
directly see our way, and the obligations of reli-
gion forbid us to atop abort.-4Cheers.)—With respect
to the topic of our internel policy I certainly hail with
pleasure tiny immures which have a tendency to make
commerce free and unrestrained. 1 feel a etreng dislike
to all monopolies, Fs rid I hope in the future arrangement ol
the greatest of all monopolies, the East India monopoly,
measures will be taken ro secure to all classes of this
country all the advantages that can result from unrestricted
unterprirre with that immensely populated empire. With
respect to the Coin Laws, I Ceti a strong objection to the
present system—they limo to me neither to secure a steady
and fixed return to the producer, and are °pin erive u,
the censumer—they stint the reward for labour, and cramp
all the operations of commerce,—(Clwers.)—l reel very
strongly opposed to the present code of our Game Laws,
for I thick them calculated to larder a spirit of irritation
between the upper and the lower classes, which is the

greatest enemy to all order. I feel deeply the necesai•y of
strict economy in all the public departments aad as a
proof of h I believe 1 might refer to the votes I have
already given in Parliament. Of the liberty of the Pre.s

Bent an humble but devoted friend--long may you teach
your representatives to regard that freedom which secures
}'E►ur own 1 I have now laid before you the principles
which I entertain upon most of the political subjects
sihich occur to my memory. Positive and further pledges
as to my future line of conduct I think would not be
worthy of you to demand or becoming in me to give.—
(Immense cheering►.)
G. Rawsox, Esq. said, " Gentlemen, most unex-
pectedly the highest honour that could be conferred upon
any individual has been put into my hand, and I will ng,t,
detain you one moment in introducing to you Henry
Brougham, Esq. as a most fit and proper person to re-
present us in the Commons House of Parliament.

?sir. I.lustrous:it was received with loud and continued
sheering ; and when it had subsided, the Hon. and Learned
c;ent)emao I believe there is not one person who
hears me, that will refuse his belief to the assertion I ain
about to snake—that there is not one man here, no, nor

in all England, who, one little month ago, less dreamt of
My standing in the place where I now am than the
humble individual who now has the distinguished honour
of addressing you ; and this leads me to begirt the few re-
marks I em ab art to make upon a natural—s.nd, I will
admit---a very just objection to my becoming a represenra•
tire of this great county, viz.:--that I have not the ho-
nour and the happiness of being a Yorkshireman.—(Loud
cheers, and much laughter.)—Never mind that, Gentle.
men. As far as my becomiug the proprietor of a freehold
est ote in this county may go, I have directions this morn•.
ing to remove that difficulty in my title; so that I shall
here the' happiness, the next time I see you, though not
by girth, yet by property, I shall have the honour of being
to a certain exent at least, a fellow-citizen of this great
!aided and commercial is tinty.—(Loud and continued
cheers, intermixed with laughter.)—And now Gentlemen,
as to residence, (for you see, we lawyers always look very
Much to matters of title) at the outset of every thing. li
(I.aughter.)—l must fairly tell you that my title in that
respect is by no means so bad ; fer though I am a West-
Ouirlaod man by birth and possession, yet I spend one week
in a year more in Yolkshire than I tla in my own county.
—(Loud cries of hear, hear,)—and I will venture to say,
that I know more of Yorkshiremen and Yorkshire
possession', probably than ninty-nine out of one hun-
dred of those who reside in Yorkshire. We will, there-
fore, Gentlemen, if you please, consider this objection
as removed—and if not entirely removed and cured—
yet in a state lea ling to a speedy cure. Then it it for the
to say a few words on what is of infinitely more impor-
tance to yon—how I shall sin your business, and bow far
my opinions and principles are your own.—(Applause,
loud and enntinued.)—lt will not certainly be said, (and
upon this I happily have no fear) that i come before you
simply with professions and promises ; I do not altogether
coins before you as an untried mark—(Crica of 4. No,
no.")—Ne, Gentlemen, I have passed, not a very short
public life, the whole of which has been unveiled before
the eyes of my fellow-countrymen, and I trust I may ap-
peal to it, whether I lonia any title to your support after
1 yeats of public service, surrounded by every temptation
peculiar to a Court, which by its smiles to allure, or by its
frowns to deter, and still more as a professional man have
I a right to say that I bare palmed' through this fire un•
endued, and that these hands are clean.—(Cheere.)-1
entered Parliament, and the first vote I gave was tOr the
liberty of the Press; and the boat vote I gave was for the;
abolition of Negro slavery; and all the interval, without
gay one exception, has been filled tip by steady votes and
zealous speeches in favour of the rights, the interests, and
the privileges of our fellow-oubjects, and against oppres-
sion and tyranny. and abuse of every deaeription, by what-
ever hand administered, and under whatever speciou
name it ,night he hypocritically velled.—(Louti cheers.)—
A great question is now t,,rniirtate'd by giving religious
freedom and equality of rights to all our fellow-subjects.
Many of our worthy friends differed with me upon, that
important question ; and for their conseientioutopinions
it becomes me certainly to entertain a profound respect,
(Hear, bear.) Some of the very best and most consistent
men, and twiny excellent and osealous friends of all kin&
of liberty, diffeted with me upon concession to the Catho-
lics. That question, however, is now 'at rest, and his
Most.gracious Majesty has begun a reign, which I trust
will Ire splendid—not that I hope to see it splendid by
victories, which I detest and abhor—because I detest and.
'abhor the unchristian practice of war...-(hear,
not splendid by building expensive palaces for nobody to
live in—(Cheers)—.not splendid by squandering immense
sums of money wrung from a. authoring people, open
worthless favouriies—not splendid by seducing people
front their political principles, in order to add them to
the House of Lords—but splendid by all that can truly
adorn a Chriatiats Prince, and the Sovereign of a free
people—(Cheers)—by the rights of the subject toeing as-
serted and vindicated.--by trade being restored to its
pristine prosperity.hy the people being emancipated
from ,the threhlum which now oppresses them, and makes
the bread they rat dear, without: soy real advantage
to those who firm the corn ; the splendour of the country
Which I wish to see, is the liappluessa of the subject, and

_ -
no other ray of splendour do l'w‘ bib to see the King sur-
'rounded by—now, Gentlemen, he has begun by declaring
thorie questions settled, arid hoping that no atttempt will be
'made to disturb them. I say Ames' to that prayer.
My principles on the subject of monopoly are plain and
short—l will.have no monopoly, positively no monopoly...,
neither to the East India Company,nor to the landed In.
serest.- no monopoly.—(llear, hugs, )--I augur well from
the judicious course which our friends of the landed in-
trr€lo, are rinse raking. Nothing con be more fit than
that the great nianyfacturing and commercial interests of
I;h:esgreat county thould have a representative of their own
,°_ll*t do their business in Parliament.—(Herr, hear.)
v. dab's now live 44 tttil days of Barone, thank God...we
