SPORTING IfIKELLIGENCE.

BITTING-ROO3l, Dim. 2!

RIDDLE

1.--STATE OF VIZ ODD&
•
W 0 ItTtf.
to I mpg Don Carlos
to 1 apt Cressida.

3 to I apt Reformer
h to 1 apt Prudence
6 to I apt Quadrille

6 to 1 agst Swiss
7 to 41 agst Reformer
10 to 1 agst Agnes
13 to I apt Reticule
14 to 1 apt Banshee
14 to 1 ag►st Don Carlos

'DES!

17 to 4 agst Prudence 'I.
6 to 1 agst Lyrnessa
7 to 1 agst Sister to Sailor
oNCA STE It
ll to 1 agst Altisidora filly
16 to 1 agst Ringlet
20 to 1 eget Banshee

hill.
15 to 1 agst Cressida
20 to 1 apt Ben
30 to 1 agst Jens .
30 to 1 agst Sir Gray
33 to 1 agst Ilurly Burly
40 to 1. apt Sister to Arbutus.
K.

9 to 1 agst Barossa
10 to 1 *gut Miss Jig
12 to I agst list. tollospitality.
ST. LEGER.
20 to l agst Rosanne
23 to 1 agst bliss Cranfield.

HUNTINO.
SIERTINGS OP HOUNDS IN TRH PRHSENT WIVE.
His Majesty's Buck Hounds, on Friday, at Two Mile Brook,
near Salthill.
H. Jolliffe, Esq.'s. Fox Hounds, on Wednesday, at
mill Walton ; and on Saturday, at Nuffield Marshes.
The Surrey Fox Hounds, on Thursday, at Godston ; and
on Saturday, at Worms,Heath.
The Surrey Harrieu, on Monday, Wednesday, and Satur.
day, at Kennel. ,
Mr. Hay's Fox Hounds, on Thursday, at Adbaston ; and
on Saturday, at Blackbrook.
The Chester Harriers, on Thursday, at Nevrton Wood ; 'and
on Friday, at Bretton.
The Earl of Scarborough's Fox Hounds, on Wetineaday,
Conisborough ; and on Friday, at Grove.
Sir George Sitwell's Fox Hounds, on Friday, at the Kennel.
The Soinersetshire SubscriptiodFox.hounds, on Friday, at
Hawkridge Brake. -
The Duke of Grafton's Hounds, on 'Wednesday, at Green's
Norton ; and on Friday, at Furzen Field.

The Earl of Darlington's Fox Hounds, on Thursday, h
Norman's Moor ; and on Saturday, at Langton on Swale.
The Northumberland Fox Hounds, on Wednesday, at Bing•
Glen ; and on Friday, at ileddon.on-the-Wall.

Yesterday, at Mary-le-bone Office, Johnson,
the informer, and his witness, hers, attended to support in.
formations, eight in number, against four respectable bakers—
r. Anderson, Bryanstone-street ; Mrs. Browne, Duke-
street ; Mr. Todd and Mr. Mason, Edward-street. The
first information was against Mr. Todd ; and Byers stated
that he purchased in his shop a half quartern loaf,
which he did not weigh, as there is no penalty for
short weight ; he admitted it might be weight. The
female, who served in the shop, was called ; she swore,
that since the passing of the new Act, she had never sold
bread under the denomination of half quartern or quartern ;
it was against the practice of Mr. Todd a shop to sell bread
under those denominations : she could swear that Byers was
never in the shop. Mr. Williams alleged that his custom
of dealing was evidence in this ease. Mr. Rawlinson
thought otherwise; and observed, that general practice was
no answer to a particular act. Mr. Williams complained of the
hardship of the bakers in being thus plundered by informers,
and was told by Mr. Rawlinson, that if the bakers stamped
on the loaves 21b. or 41b. the weight, instead of the " NV."
which formerly was stamped on the loaves, it would com-
pletely check the informer, as he could not then swear that
the bread was sold under the denomination complained '
He would suggest this plan to the bakers, and he really bellev.
ed, were it adopted, he should not convict a baker. It being
observed that even should this suggestion be attended to,
Johnson would still lay informations, the latter declared
that he would not lay an information against any baker who
should weigh his bread. Mr. Todd was convicted in 40s. pe-
nalty and costs. The second information was withdrawn. Two
against :Ur. Mason were quashed, the loaf being weighed. The
other two defendants were fined 403. each.

INGKATITUDE.—Some time ago an Excise
Officer, not a hundred miles from Berwick,
called at a toll-gate in th© neighbourhood, re-
presenting himself as a poor joiner from London
travelling in quest of work, and having called for
a glass of whiskey, he got it, and on offering to
pay for it, the landlady sympathising with his
tattered appearance, generously declined taking
any thing ; he, however, insisted upon paying,
saying, bad as matters were, he was not yet
pennyless. He paid for his glass, and soon after
returned with the supervisor, searched the
house, and got his benevolent hostess, or rather
her husband, lined in a sum amounting to nearly
201.—( her. Ad.)

Bow•STRIIET.---.(r BIS DAY.) --- James Cohen
and Joseph Wilson were brought up from St.
Martin's Watch-house, where they had been
confined nil night in the custody of Weyman, the
watchman, charged with disturbing the inhabit-
ants, and with assaulting him, the third guardian
of the night. The prisoners described them.
selves as cutlers, and very sober, honest young
fellows, and added that they never got tipsey,
which was the case last night, Save on Christmas.
day, and on Mondays ; they therefore hoped
the Magistrate would discharge them, which he
did on their paying the fees.

ALLZGED MUM/Ea.—On Friday morning, an
unfortunate female of the name of Mary Nugent,
was found in a brothel in the neighbourhood of
King-street, Shadwell, speechless, and almost
dead. Medical aid was immediately procured,
and she expired in the course of the ensuing
night. Her body was much bruised in various
places, and there is little doubt but that her
death was occusioned by a severe beating. Dif-
ferent reports are in circulation as to the circum-
stances which led to this fatal termination, but
they seem unworthy of repetition. A Coroner's
Inquest has already met to inquire into the cause
of her death, but it was adjourned till the body
had been examined by a surgeon.

MELANCHOLY ACCIDENT,-011 Thursday week
Mr. RENNET, a respectable farmer, at Crooked-
nook, near Old Deer, unfortunately lost his life,
by falling from his horse, while on his way
home from Peterhead. e had left that place
about seven o'clock in the evening ; and
in a short time after his horse was met
on the road having one of the stirrups
hanging over the saddle, by a person going
into Peterhead, who at a little distance dim-
covered the body lying on the road. The
body was warm : and the person immediately
mounted the horse, and rode into Peterhead for
medical assistance ; but we regret to state, it was
of no avail. lie had a large sum of money in
his pocket, when found, which he had received
in Peterhead.—(Edirdiurgh Courant, Dec. '27.)

Brougham Castle, in Westmoreland (belonging
to Earl TUANET), was built nearly 800 years
ago. •

MERCANTILE SHIPPIIVG.

'DEAL, Drc. 29—Wind W.S.W.—Arrived and remain the
Isabella, Imlay, from Quebec. The outward-bound renntia
al before, all well.

•
Po T9I!1.0 UT 11, DEC. 9.--WitnA §T.--Artired the Henry
Addington, from the Mediierranean, under quarantine. I t
blew very heavy this morning siboni'thrie accompanied
with thunder and lightning. We have had .tiqballa 411 day
front S.W, which continues. The outward.bOund *mai%
all well.

COV/ES:' DEC. 29.—Wind S.W.—Sailed the Aurora, Ilol-
lett, having been aupplied with an anchor and cable. f• •
rar.atourn, DEc. 28.—Wind W.S.AI7.—No arrivals or
sail Olga.
ILFRACOMBE, DEc. 28.—The meats, sails, And rigging of
a schooner have been washed on shore, about 10 miles to the
East of this port ; a top-gallant sail is marked " Fisher anti Sons, sail-makers, Bristol."
DEC. 27.—Put in here the Atlantic, Sappant,
from Boston, in 21 days, for London, all well ; also the Cla-
rence, Holmes, from Sierra Leone; mailed the 16th of Sept.,
leaky and abort of provisions ; the late Capt. Walker died on
the 16th of August.
Myr. nrooL, DEC. 29.—Arrived the Maria --, from
Africa; Richard, Hannah, from annerara ; Telegraph, Berry,
from New Orleans; Elizabeth Wilson, Rich ; and William
Price, Hamilton, from Savannah ; Milo, Woodberry, from
Charlstone ; and Campion, Gallitlie front Illiramichi.
ItAhIEIGATE, DEC. 29.—Arrived 'the Berhice, Wayth, from
London, for Pernambuco; Commercial packet, Collins, fir
Teneriffe. The Eclipse Mail Packet from Ostend, arrived hero
this day.
The East India Company's ship ;Farquharson left Bombay
for China on the 9th of July, touched at Penang and sailed
from thence on the 3d August, and was in the Straits of Sin-
wore the 17th of August. —The Warren Hastings and Van
ittart proceeded front Anjees, on
,their voyage to China, all
well ; the former on the '23d, and the latter on the 27th of
Augtist..

BALTIC SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.

[EXTRACTS OF PRIVATE LETTERS.I
ELsrrronE, DEC. 420.—it is with great concern -have to in-
form you, that one of the heaviest gales from the S.S.B. ever
experienced here commenced on the 17th inst. about noon, and
continued until the morning of the 18th. In consequence of
which a considerable number of ships from the Baltic, detain( d
hero since the evening of the 15th, were, amongst several not
yet
clearcld, carried into the Cattegat, and 12 vessels, as spe-
cifiehewith, parted from anchors and cables, and drove
on shore under the Castle batteries and in this neighbourhood.
—The ships from the Baltic which remained at anchor in our
Roads, as well as those arrived hence since, proceeded towards
the Cattegat this morning, with the wind at S. by B.
CASUALTIES TO SHIPPING REFEREED TO AIIOVE.,
The Latona, of Aberdeen, Malcolm, from Riga for Liver.
pool, on shore under the Castle batteries, full' of ; crew
saved, and cargo will likewise be saved.
The Sarah, of Newcastle, front Dantaic for London,' with
deals, on shore at the Castle batteries, full of water ; cargo will
be saved ; captain and crew here.
• The Agnes, of Leith, APKenzie, front Riga for Leith. with
linseed. was ashore under the Castle batteries ; came oil, and
will be brought to Copenhagen to repair.
The Susannah, of Hull, Hardie, front St. Petersburgh for
Hull, on shore under the Castle batteries, 11111 of water. Crew
saved, and cargo will likewise be so.
Henrietta Johannah, of Stockholm, (men Rio Janiero, with
sugar and coffee, on shore at the above place, five feet water in
the ship; about saving the cargo.
The Johanna, of Stettin, Witt, from Memel for London,
with timber, on shore on the Castle Point, full of water. Cargo
will be saved as soon as possible.
The Hoppe], Muller., of and from Stockholm for Plymouth,
with tar, full of water.
The Hoffnung, Otto, frem Riga harbourßoerdam with
linseed, has been brought into the without material
damage:

The
Alexy, of St. Petemburgh, Salinius, from ditto for Li-
verpool, with timber, on shore on the Lapground, full of
water. Cargo will be saved.
The Ilertseller, Charlotte, of Celle, and Tdoglieten, on shore.
The Diegute Mutter, and the Mary, of Londonderry, have
parted from anchors and cables, and drove to the Cattegat.
The Antoinette, from the Havannah, has been permitted to
proceed to Copenhagen to perform quarantine,
E Larry on*, Dim 16,—The A nderson, of I l'hitby, Teasrlalo,
horn tit. Petersburgh, with tallow, is totally lost on the south
part of Bornholm. Crow saved.
The Martha of Montrose Cant, from Riga with hemp, was
lost near Ystadt, In the niglit between the and 12th inst.
Crew saved.
In the afternoon of the 6th inst. the Spring, of London, laid-
ed with timber, drove on shore near Bvenbergen, on the west
coast of Jutland, and was immediately broken to pieces by the
sea, by which occurrence all the crew lost their lives, and the
cargo was dispersed on the shore to the distance of about eight
English miles.
The Lattrentius, of Copenhagen, with goods, was totally lost
on the 10th inst. near Bovenbergen. Crew, excepting the cook,
drowned.
The ships from the Baltic remaining here at the date of mfr
last advice of the 13th inst. proceeded yesterday morning with
the wind S.E. and the arrivals thence in the course of yester-
day have sailed as fast as cleared, excepting three British ves-.
sole, which arrived late last niht, and are now detained in our
Roads, together with the arrivals from the balite of to.-day.

' Stnetnx.—A very melancholy ;matinee of salt%
destruction took place on Friday, the 19111 instant, at I)ultht..
field. Mr. Joseph Moss, mine-agent to F. .':). Astley, k.'sci,,
precipitated hhnself into a coal-pit, which had ceased' being
worked, and was filled with water to within about nine feet Of
the surface. The unhappy man was got out in a quarter of itit
hour ; but, notwithstanding the very persevering efforts of Or.
Milligan and Mr. Kaye,. of Ashton-under-Line, resuscitation
did not take place. This melancholy event wits attended
by peculiar circumstances. Mr. Astley left Dukinfield about
six weeks ago, leaving Mr. Most in charge of the honks of the
various concerns, and with directions to collect several sums of
money to a considerable amount. Unfortunately, the de.'
ceased, during his employer's absence, gave himself entirely
up to the destructive habit of drinking, and totally neglected
his business. On . the Tuesday preceding his death, Mr.: Astley returned, and found that not one eingle'entry had been
made in the hooks of any description. and that his agent had.
in feet, absented himself from his duties ever Since he had
tell home. Mr. Astley sent for the deceased both on the Wed.
nesday and Thttraday, but he could not be met with. On tisi
Friday he again dispatched one of his servants, Who found'hini`
in bed, at about twelve o'clock nt noon, at a publlcAninse"in.
Stayley-hridge, and with difficulty :persuaded him to go with
him. Ile entered the plantation at Dukinfiehi-lodge about titt
O'clock, having on the road conversed in a very unconnected wa et;
about coal-mines, tunnel uat ries, &e. On his arrival in the 4
4
,
he went and sat down in a dilapidated summer.honse, apperen ~
ly absorbed in deep thought, then suddenly toss,, and, walked
,rApidlY'through Score)) Wood, until he came to two coaLpits,
Which were partly run up, told partly filled with water., lie re
arded both pits attentively, and remarking that one
was 4 very
dangerous place, walked forwards towards the House:; but at
the end of the wood suddenly turned, back, and renchingthe.
pit Again, rushed down the declivity leading into the pit, tryi*'
out to his companion, who was but a few yards MT, " Geove,
I must go." The man replied, " Fat— that's sake, Mr.
Moss, think of year poor children." The deceased paused
for a moment, and retraced a step or two, but upontheseevant'a
running towards hint to 'prevent him, he cried out agein, in .a firm tone of voice, lt does not signify, George, I must go :" and plunged into the dreadful abyss. His companion; with ..
difficulty recovering front the horror he was seized with, hasten. - •
cut for, and procured immediate assistance; and the body wets drawn oat by Dr. Milligan, who both boldly and humanely
descended into the pit, with a rope attached to him. It is a
very singular fact, that the body was found floating on the
water. Thus miserably perished a MAO who had ;Niftiest
which rendered him .fit for a respectable situation, and who
might have been a very valuable servant. He, has left toix.
children;
and it is but justice to say, in conclusion, that.he Is not suspected of any embeszlement whatever; hut, front the consciousness of thorough neglect of duty, occasioned try extreme intemperance, was unable to face his emplayer— An
inquest was held upon the body on Tuesday, end the verdict recorded was, " Derangement of thind."—(Afanamer Ougo'-'
dian.)

A. melancholy accident happened last weilk at
Blackburn, in the county of Linlithgow. iVilliarn Binny, uia
inexperienced young man, had taken kloaded gun into a barn,
where lie was employed at work, intending to avail himself of
any opportunity of shooting magpies, which wore hovering
about. Ile hail thought necessary, it appear* to draw tile
shot which was in the gun ; in attempting which, it went oft`,and the contents lodged in his body. Instant death ensued.
It is distressing to think of the many accidents which happen
from inexperience in the use of fire arms, and their bad state of
repair.—(Edinburgis Courant, Dee. 4.)

ME LONDON JOURNALS.

PAW(
Extrads from the Morning.npers, Dec. 30.

[BRITISH Prass. 1
All Colombia must be by this time free, and
Puerto Cavell°, the last remaining hold in the
hands of Spaniards, have fallen. The 64 Vane.
Zoleno Extruordinarsy," of the Oth of November,
extracts from which will be found in our columns,

states the assault of the Independent forces on
this• place, and their surcesi. On the Bth No-
vember, at two in the morning, a battalion of
the Republican troops, commanded by Major
Cala, and 150 Lancers of the Guard, entered
through the mangler:m(l surprised the Spaniards
1:1 the interior town, to the number of about 200,
ell of whom, with their Commanders, Calzado and
Cat ret a, were put to the sword. The garrison, thus
surprised,had previously refused the tetansof capi-
tulation proposed to them by. General Paez. The
previous day the cannonade on both sides had
been. warmly kept up, and the tire from the
place was very heavy ; the garrison, exhausted
by fatigue, bunk into sleep, and were surprised
and put to the sword as we have mentioned. The
castle, the Colombian Paper adds, must have
surrendered immediately, as those who defended
it did not exceed thirty, and almost the entire
garrison were in the interior tovrn. Generals
Paez, Bermudez, and Marino were before the
plat..., and had, by their exertions, closed the war
of independenve of Venezuela. What will the
L'aei/e and Mathicl 3nornal say now to these new
occurrences in America"? What argu-
ments can they rai,ie to uphold the fallen sway of
feeble and degraded Spain ?

CmonNtNo ensT.:l
New York Papers to the ”th inst. arrived yes-
terday. The most interesting part of their con-
tents will be found in a preceding coluton. The
document rather hastily called by the American
Journals " tl. Declaration of War by Mexico
against Spain," does not go the length of placing
the two countries in a state of positive hostility.
It only snspends the intercourse between them ;
as the Allied Powers did with Portugal long be-
fore they determined on interfering actively,
through the medium of France in the affairs of the
Peninsula, of this Declaration the import was al-
toady knou 11,for it is nothing more than the Decree
by which all native Spaniards were banished out of
the Mexican territory, and their goods directed to
be confiscated after a certain time, in consequence
of the unexpected firing from the Castle of Sun
Juan de Vlloa on the town of Vera Cruz. The
intelligence from Colombia brings the details of
the storming and capture of Porto Cavell°, in
which it appears the major part of the garrison
were put to ithe sword. The accounts from
Chili assert drat the people were dissatisfied
with tha government of General Freyre, and
that a new revolution to remove hint from
the head of affairs was every day antici-
pated. Tire late President, O'Higgins, and
his family, had left Chili for Peru, where they
meant to settle. Another Opponent, however,
had started up in his place, so that Freyre bad
not gained awch by that change. Th4-st, Papers
also inform 11:4 that a Very serious di,pute had
broken out bet ween the Governor of Prince
Edward's Island and many of the principal mer-
chants. Several of the leading inhabitants had
been committed td gaol for an alleged
contempt
of the Court of. Chancery, and the whole popula-
tion was in a state of ferment on that account.

Nll, T M. Es.]
An express from Paris yesterday brought the
prices of the French Fuos, 01 05 on Saturday ;
Scrip 3u ; Neapolitan 77 lixchange on Lon-
don, one month, 45 ; ditto three months,
25 i 5 and. Swinish I;otids are stated to be lower.
Consols closed yesterday at 86f, with every ap-
pearance of their continuing firm. After the lapse
of alew days, during the holidays, the business
transacted in Foreign Securities has recom-
mowed with the usual activity. Business to
sente extent was done in the latter part of the
day in the New Austrian Loan at a premium of
3 per although the Bonds are not yet
brought out. This Loan is likely to prove, in
the phrase of the Exchange, a favourite Stock,
from the combined circumstances of its being
broeght not at a low price, and the divi-
dends being made payable in London in pouticis
oterling, tied therefore not subject to the
variation of exchange ; and also from the
consideration, that the whole amount goes
to our Government, another considerable
instalment having been paid into the Exche-
quer, yeaterpy. Xu consequence of this Con-
tract being nearly completed, Goverument in-
tends, it is said, to convert the Imperial An-
nultifi into A:opooli. Business was alga done
for the time in the New Dutch Loan, bear-
; per cent. interest, at Ulf. Spanish Bonds
izave been dull to-day, at '2Gf to '264.--Chilean
Bonds,7ol-; and Colombian Bonds, Mil- to 50i.
ft is said, that Mr. Revenge, on his return to
Ce;ottiltia, is to till the office of MinNter of Fi-
nance. Mr. urted°, his successor, is expected
to be accompanied by Messrs. Alonteros and
Robles, two of the Commissioners appointed to
investigate the claims arising out of Mr. Zea's
Loan.

[Tug r[mcs.]
A Mail from the Leeward islands arrived yes.
terday. The letters from St. Thomas are dated
the it.;:th November. They are silent respecting
the I:nrrender of Puerto Cabello, which was said
to hay.; been taken on the Bth; but there pro.
bahly had not been sufficient time for the arrival
of the intelligence, and the accounts derived
through the Americtin Papers are too circum-
slamtt:,4 to leave any doubt of the event.—
Then less of ferment generally in the
'slant!' 1:1;h1 from the previous aCeOunts might
hive h.en anticipated. Most of the Legis-
lature" were in sesiion, without much discussion
or notice taliou of tin recent communications
from England, on the subject of slavery. The
House of Assembly of Tobago applied, on the
16th October, 'to the Governor, for a complete
copy of Lord Liathurst's dispatch, or for a more

full communication of those passages in it regard-
ing slavery. The latter part of this request is
reported in the proceedings to have been com-
plied with on the 18th ; but the communication
from the Governor is not copied into the jour-
nals. It is remarkable, indeed, that none of
them, throughout the whole of the islands, haie
yet done no more• than give very meagre quota-
tions from this important document, which has
led to so much irritation in the principal colony,
Jamaica, as to produce a memorial to the King to
remove Lord Bathurst from his councils. The
Barbadoes G lobe of the 23d of Oct. states that the
late existing differences between the two branches
of the Legislature had been happily terminated
by mutual communications from each branch at a
meeting held for that purpose, when every thing
was honourably arranged for both. This re-
conciliation is said in the private letters to
have bc'en brought about by the mutual sense of
danger arising from the proceedings in England.
The free people of colour in Barbadoes had
presented to the House of Assembly, by a com-
mittee of their body, an address replete with as.
surances of attachment to their native island,and
to its institutions, and of their readiness to assist
in opposing, to the best of their abilities, any in-
novation in the present form of the internal regu-
lations which may be prodfictive of consequences
injurious to the interests of the Colony. No
further notice is taken of the destruction of the
Chapel of Mr. Shrewsbury, the Missionary; end
as no person had been apprehended for partici-
pating in that outrage, it would appear that the
daring conduct of the offenders had had the effect
in some degree of screening them from detection
and punishment.

[MOHNINO CHRONICLE.]
The destruction of a Methodist Chapel at
Bridge Town, Barbadoes, of which an account
reached this country some time ago, is viewed as
a great triumph in that colony, if we may judge
from two printed placards which have been
transmitted to us, and which our readers will
find in another column under the head " Bar-
badoes," (see THE SUN of yesterday). In one of
these productions," the concurrenceof nine-tenths
of the community "is boasted of, and being de-
termined, they say, to put an end to Methodism,
all Methodist Preachers are warned not to
approach these shores, as if they do, it will be
at their own peril." In the other, " all persons
who consider themselves true lovers of reli-
gion" are invited to 64 follow the laudable ex.!
ample of the Barbadians, in putting an end to
Methodism and Methodist Chapels through-
out the West Indies." We pity these mis-
guided persons, who will probably he the first
to feel the mischievous consequences of what they
now consider a triumph. Instead of committing
outrages against the Methodist Preachers, they
ought to feel grateful to them, for their endeavours
to improve and civilize the wretched beings
whom they themselves have so long neglecte
The Methodists, if their labours are attended
with success, must infallibly render the Slaves
more docile than they were before receiving re-
ligious instruction. IlThen was it over known
that Methodism made men turbulent ? The
general accusation against the followers of
Wesley is, that they are more abject and
submissive than other men, rather than more
turbulent. In this country the Wesleyans were
persecuted for many years after this Barbadinu
manner, and the Journal of the Founder contains
but too many instances of Magistrates and Cler-
gymen stimulating the mob to use violence to-
wards ititry. However he fairly conquered his
persecutors by his Christian patience and bone.
valence. Whether, the conduct of the Founder
will be imitated on this occasion, or whether the
Missionaries, after this warning, will diem it ad-
visable to abandon the Negroes to the ignorance;
in which these 44 true lovers of religion," their
their masters, wish them to continue, remains to
be seen.
