3,751,500 FLORINS.

GREAT SALE, by Shares, of the splendid
Seignory GROSS-ZDIKAN and TWELVE other
VILLAGES :—Gross- Zdikan, Aussergefield, Kallenbach, Sa-
bed, Mehlhuttel, Waldhauser, Planter, Bock, Althutten,
Grafen, Tobiashntten, and Buchwald, all situated near Vienna
( Austria). The ♦alue of these Estates is taxed by the Govern-
ment at 3,751:500 florins. The tirage will take place irrevo-
cably the 14th of next month, in Vienna, by the authority and
the guarantee of his Majesty the Emperor of Austria. Price
for a Share 1/. ; Six Shares together, 51. ; Thirteen
Shares JO/. The amount can be remitted in Bank of England
notes, or any other way. All gains will be paid, without the
smallest deduction, a fortnight after the tirage, and the liul-
letins sent to the purchasers.
Apply for shares, prospectuses, and further particulars (post
paid), to

HENRY BEER and CO., Bankers, Paris.

,ATIONAL BANK OF IRELAND,
13, OLD BROAD STREET, LONDON.
OCTOREE, 7, 1839.

THE NATIONAL BANK OF IRELAND has entered
into arrangements with the NORTH AMERICAN TRUST
AND BANKING COMPANY, NEW YORK, whereby
moneys may be sent from London and Ireland, to the principal
Cities in the United States of America, in the safest and most
expeditious manner. And also, whereby remittances may be
made by emigrants and others in the United States to any part
of Ireland, on the most reasonable terms.

Application to be made at the offices of the National Bank
of Ireland, No. 13, Old Broad-street, London; No. 53, Dame-
street, Dublin ; and to any of its branches in Ireland, on or
after the Ist of November next; or at the Banking House of
the North American Trust and Banking Company, No. 49,
Wall-street, New York.

FRAZER B. SMITH, Secretary.

PERSECUTION IN JAMAICA.
The attention of the Friends of Religion, Justice, and
Freedom, is earnestly solicited to certain iniquitous proceed-
ings which have recently taken place in Jamaica, which if not
promptly and vigourously met, threaten, not only the ruin of
those against whom they have been directed, but the destruc-
tion of that liberty which has been purchased for the Negro, at
so costly a sacrifice.
At the Assizes for the County of Cornwall, held at Montego
Bay, in July last, various actions were brought, under different
pretexts, against several well known friends of the labouring
classes in that Island. Amongst the victims of these proceed-
ings, were a Clergyman of the'ClinrefraftEngland,-a Missionary
belonging to the Baptist Society, and some of the Magistrates,
specially appointed for the protection of the emancipated popu-
lation, in each of which cases, the jurors have decided against
the party accused, and in most of them, with enormous da-
mages, under circumstances which can leave no doubt that
the design is to ruin those whose hatred of oppression, has ren-
dered them obnoxious to the enemies of freedom.
At the same Assizes, a criminal information filed by order of
the Court against the Editor of a Local Newspaper, for grossly
defaming a Baptist Minister, was tried, and the jury,•without
the formality of retiring to consider their verdict, immediately
acquitted the defendant, contrary to the express direction of
the Chief Justice, and the plaintiff was left with his injuries un-,
redressed, and a heavy amount of legal expenses to pay.
These violent and reckless proceedings appear to have pro-
duced a greater excitement than has been known in the Island,
since the insurrection in 1832.

The Negroes behave with admirable moderation, but they
feel most deeply at the prospect of their best friends and pro-
tectors, of whom it was once sought to deprive them by brute
force, now falling victims to the more specious, but not less ef-
fectual weapons of oppression in the form of legal proceedings.
The Juries, on these occasions, were almost wholly com-
posed of persons belonging to a class, who have uniformly and
bitterly opposed the abolition of Slavery, and the friends of the
Anti-slavery cause, and there is no hope whatever of obtaining
justice for the parties against whom these verdicts have been
given but by an appeal to the Court of Error in the Island,
and if requisite, to the ultimate tribunal in this country, which
will involve heavy legal expenses, in addition to those already
incurred.

To meet these Expenses, an earnest appeal is now made to
the liberality of the British public.
The following Gentlemen have been appointed a Committee,
with power to add to their number, to lay the particulars of
these atrocious proceedings fully before the Public, to promote
Subscriptions for the purposes contemplated, and similar cases
of oppression, and to superintend the appropriation of the funds
collected.

COMMITTEE.
Samuel Gurney, Esq., Treasurer.
Charles Lushington, Esq., M.P. Robert Forster, Esq.
T. F. Buxton, Esq. W. B. Gurney, Esq.
William Allen, Esq. Joseph Cooper, Esq.
Rev. John Dyer. John Scoble, Esq.
George Stacey, Esq. Jacob Post, Esq.
G. W. Alexander, Esq. Rev. J. Woodwark.
Rev. I. J. Freeman.
Thomas Clarkson, Esq., Play-
ford Hall, near Ipswich.
Joseph Sturge, Esq., Birming-

W. T. Blair, Esq., Bath.
Wm. Wilson, Esq., Notting-

ham. - -
J. T. Price, Esq., Neath.
James Whiteherne, Esq., Eris-

ham.
John Cropper, Esq., Liverpool.
Rev. John Birt, Manchester.
G. H. Head, Esq., Carlisle.
Joseph Eaton, Esq., Bristul.
Richard :Rathbone, Esq., Li-
verpool.
Joseph Marriage, Jun., Chelm s-

tol.
Rev. Thomas Scales, Leeds.
Wm. Chapman, Esq., Newcas-
tle-upon-Tyne.
Isaac Bass, Brighton.
J. B. Pease, Esq., Darlington.
R. D. Alexander, Esq., Ipswich
Wm. D. Crewdson, Esq., Ken-,
dal.

ford.
Henry Sparkes, Esq., Exeter.
Jonathan Backhouse, Esq.,
Darlington.

HENRY STERRY, Secretary.

Subscriptions will be received at the following places:—
Samuel Gurney, Esq., Treasurer, Lombard-street ; Messrs.
Herries, Farquhar, ad Co., Bankers, St. James's-street ;
Messrs. Drewett and Fowler, Bankers, Princes-street, City ;
Messrs. Hanburys, Taylor, and Lloyd, Bankers, Lombard-
street; Baptist's Missionary Society's Office, Fen-court, Fen-
church-street ' - J. H. Tredgold, Esq., Secretary, British and
Foreign Anti-Slavery Society's Office, 27, New Broad-street,
or by any of the Members of the Committee.

Oct. 31, will be published, in 12m0., price 6d. (to be conti-
nued the last day of every month,) No. I. of
TRACTS FOR THE PEOPLE ; being a
republication of some of the best Tracts .by the ablest
Writers in assertion and defence of RELIGIOUS and
CHRISTIAN LIBERTY.
No. I. A TREATISE of CIVIL POWER in ECCLE-
SIASTICAL CAUSES ; showing that it is not lawful for
any Power on Earth to compel in Matters of Religion. By
JOHN MILTON.

The price of the Tracts will vary with the size, but will in
every case be kept down to the cost of printing and publication.
London : Effingham Wilson, 15, Bishopsgate-street ; Small-
field and Son, 69, Newgate-street.

Just published, a New Edition, price 2s. 6d.,

APRACTICAL ESSAY on the DEBILI-
TIES of the GENERATIVE SYSTEM, their Va-
rieties, Causes, Treatment, and Cure
By a MEMBER of the ROYAL COLLEGE of SURGEONS,
London, and Surgeon to a Metropolitan Infirmary.
Sold by Onwhyn, Catherine-street, Strand ; T. Hill, Me-
dical Bookseller, Great Windmill-street, Haymarket; Temple-
man, 348, Regent-street, London ; Barlow, Birmingham ; Ross
and Nightingale, Liverpool ; and all Booksellers in Town and
Country.

Just published, price 4s.
riVITE NATURE and TREATMENT of
SYPHILIS, GONORRHEA, GLEET, NERVOUS,
LOCAL, and GENERAL DEBILITY considered in a
PRACTICAL 'I REAI ISE on these. Diseases, wherein is
recommended speedy and effectual means of cure, the result of
thirty-five years' extensive and successful practice.
By C. B. COURTENAY,
42, Great Marlborough-street.
Sold by P. Hill, Medical Bookseller, G; eat Windmill-street,
Haymarket; Onwhyn, Catherine-street, Strand; Templeman,
248, Regent-street ; and all booksellers in town or country.
