GENERAL CONVENTION
rtESTERDAY.)

) LORD LEIGH'S POEMS.
Moxon, London, 1839.
Mr. Moxon has done well to republish these elegant
Poems, for though, as the works of Chandos Leigh,
-Esq., we are not aware that they had much circulation,
'except among the select few ; yet now, as the works of
Lord Leigh, a Peer of the Realm , &c., we think it far
from unlikely that they ma circulat we among
that large class of the communiy ety who hold aly title and
all that appertains to it, in the most obsequious reve-
-1 renee. What says Po
( this subject ?_po, who well knew the world, on 1
I " What woeful stuff this madrigal would be
( In
But Some poor, half-starved sonneteer, or me I
l Lord once own the happy lines,
How l
Before 1, the v.it brightens, how the style refines I
is sacred name flies every fault, And ':acii exalted stanza teems with thught "
We '.lO not mean to say that the poems beforle us are
w°ef.'4l stuff; far from it, they display much grace of
d;.etion, and refinement, and kindliness, and—sometimes,
out not often—vi f ought ;bwe do nk
With Pope, that
as the o
prothductions ofut think
a Lord, they
will stand a much better chance of popularity than if
they possessed twice the merit, but were written by a
mere Esquire. We have long been familiar with the
majority of
that in them, and have already expressed our opinion
Ilis "Epistles to a Friend in Town," Lord Leigh
has 1,
I'a Ills
caught much of the easy, urbane, laughing, 1
and. tquabl. manner of Horace's Satires.

MPBELL'S LIFE OF SIDDONS.
W 1, .3loxon, London, /839.
volume -aye here a re-publication, in one duodecimo
,of Arr. Campbell's Life of Mrs. Siddons. The
701cime is got up with remarkable neatness, and has
the additional recommendation of being cheap in price.

THir,i)

ANIV UAL REPORT of the COL 01V1-
-.4T10N COMMISSIONERS for SOUTH
AUSTRALIA received by the SECRETARY of
BTATEfor theCOLOIVIES on the Ist of j'jay, 1839.
In a former Number we gave a shit account of the
rise and
progress of this young Coiony, and now subjoin
some additional particulTes from the Report made
according to Act of: Parliament to the Colonial Secre-
tary.,ln the Act
of last year 30 vessels, conveying
cou
' emigrants have been dispatched from this
flnt.f:i, and at the date of the latest accounts ten of
r.ese, with 924 emigrants, had arrived at Port Ade-
-4lde• The total number that have emigrated from
Great Britain and Ireland during the three years
ending with 1838 is In addition to these
600 German Protestants have proceeded to the new
settlement, and not less than forty-six vessels with
Passrigers from the neighbouring Colonies had arrived
at Adelaide between the months of February, 1837,
and September, 1838, making the total population at
present amount to between 7,000 and 8,000. A church
Laaa a Wesleyan chapel have been built, schools esta-
blished, and even a Mechanics' Institute founded in
Adelaide, which is now in full operation. It is gratify-
ing to find that strong hopes,-.are held out that Euro-
Peat) colonization will riot be followed by .the driving
°tit or the extinction of the native race. Some of the
tribes in the vicinifit of the town have abandoned their
former erratic life
and now occupy twelve huts, in the
Possession of which they express great satisfaction. It
does not appear, however, that they have become use-
ful
Sa/leighb
ours, or returned any equivalent in
e luOur for what they have received from
CrAonists, and unless some new arrange-
ment be made, it is feared that the indolence of
savage life may be confirmed. The Protector
of the Aborigines, has, therefore, recommended the
adoption of further means for promoting the Christian
civilization of the native raee. The following is the
account given in theißeport of the workin of this new
mode of colonization :
g
The regulation by which the purchasers of land in this
natcoen%eluntry may require that their purchase-money shall be
Ployed in giving a free passage to labourers selected by
inves, has already produced beneficial effects, and
May he expected, as the prfnciples of the colony become
taws extensively known, to lead to still more important
ritsults.
The small farmer, whose children labour with him in
the field, has the money he advances for his land applied
to Payment of the passage of his family, and thus, in point
of fact, as far as he is concerned, has his nominal purchase
converted into a gratuitous grant. The more opulent set-
tler, who proposes to become a flock-master on the natu-
ral pastures, receives, in addition to his land, the full value
of his purchase-
money in the form of a free passage for
skilh2d and trustworthy shepherds and overseers selected
by himself. The proprietors of estates, deteriorated in
value by a too numerous and ccnsequcntly impoverished
tenantry, are enabled, by making advances for the. pur-
chasehe of land in South Australia, and. requiring t.
amount to be applied in transplanting to their new domains
such of their surplus people as may be desirous of availing
themselves of the privilege, to perform a work of substan-
tial benevolence, and at the same time to improve their
home estates, and to give to their Australian lands a value
greater than their cost. Some enlightened
proprietors
have already commenced this process; and when we
template the condition of the tenantry in Ireland con-
, and in
the Highlands of Scotland, on the one hand, and consider
).a 11 th
"e other the rapid increase in the value of the
Austra-
n wastes on the approach of an industrious population,
Iwe cannot doubt but that the combined motives of benevo-
knee and self-interest will cause this relieving and value-
creating process to be pursued upon an extensive scale.
During the year 1838, sales of land had been made
to the amount of 43,960/. The unseemly quarrels
Which had taken place between the different surveyors
bad been ended by the resignation of a considerable
number of them, and new arrangements had been made,
by which the surveys would be always kept in advance
of the sales of land.

THE MIRROR.—VoI. 33.
Linibird, London, 1839.
'this volume contains the usual amount of interest.
ing miscellaneous (matter, partly original, and partly se-
lected from the most popular periodicals of the day
There are also several clever wood-cuts, for which, in•
deed, the Mirror has always been celebrated. A years'
numbers form a very amusing octavo volume.

TRAVELS IN THE EAST.
Chambers, Edinburgh, 1839.
We have here a translation, exceedingly well-exe-
cuted by the bye, of Lamartine's Travels in the East,
to which is prefixed a brief memoir of the author. The
work is one of Chambers's editions of standard books,
and is singularly cheap, the price being only three and
sigt!enee, notwithstanding it contains as much as four
ordinary-sized volumes!

BRITISH AMERICA.-3 VoLs.
Oliucr and Boyd, Edinburgh, 1839.
These volumes form a portion of the " Edinburgh
Cabinet Library," which is now in the course of pe-
riodical publication, and contain an account of the pre-
sent state of British America, condensed within reason-
able limits, and omitting no information that is of the
slightest moment. The particulars respecting the
Canadas, which have been gleaned from all the best
and most recent authorities on the subject, will be read
at the present moment with much interest. The
v?lumes are embellished with maps, and several inge-
nious wood-cuts.

SIGIII OND ON TEA.
A. skilful Longman, London, 1839.
, practical treatise on the medicinal and
moral effects of Tea—a subject of daily increasing in-
terest, now that the tea-totallers are coming into
fashion, greatly to the annoyance of all publicans. The
author is Dr. Sigmond.

THE SUN, LONDON, THURSDAY, JTJLY 2.5, 1839

tants of Seale were not under the New Poor-law, but
under Gilbert's Act—(Cheers)—and, in spite of the
high price of flour, he never knew or experienced less
crime or more employment in the parish--( Hear, hear.)
The person who got up the petition had a natural horror of
the repeal of Gilbert's Act, as it would lose him his place.
—( Hear, hear.) It was to be hoped that the Member for
Oldham would be more cautious in future.—{ Hear, hear.)
Mr. FIELDEN observed that he would reserve what
be had to say upon it.
Mr. L IDDEL L was sorry that the Hon. Member for
Cambridge was not here, as the statements in the petition
which the Member for Oldham had formerly presented,
inculpated the character of a noble relative of his, who was
utterly incapable of harshness to any person.—(Hear,
hear.) Sorry he was that the lateness of the session pre-
cluded an immediate inquiry, the result of which, he
knew would have been to redound to the honour and the
credit of that Noble Lord.—(Hear, hear.)
Vote agreed to.
On another vote,
Captain PECHELL put a question relative to the
mode of ascertaining the tonnage of slave vessels, broken
up prior to the Act of last Session, giving the bounty,
but condemned since the treaty with Spain. The
question, as well as we understood was, whether the
Government, instead of demanding that the parties
claiming the bounty (which was to be calculated
by the tonnage) should furnish proof of the ton-
nage of vessels broken up two or three years ago—whether
the Government would cause reference to the official docu-
ments abroad.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER (who
was very indistinctly heard) said the whole subject was under
consideration; and he admitted 'the present system of
measurement to be in some cases unfair.—( Hear, hear.)
The Hon. Member should, however, recollect that all the
parties in the Navy interested in this question had been
consulted before the present system had been agreed to,
and that it bad met with their concurrence, but he
must admit that there were many cases in which
the regulations as to tonnage required revision. The
subject
was now under the consideration of the Ad-
miralty, in order that they might see what justice required,
and as soon as they ha-1 reported, he would endeavour to
afford the
_relief required. With regard to Sierra Leone,
he believed the authorities there were not in a position to
afford the requisite information.
Captain PECHELL was certain that the naval officers
would feel much gratified with what had been just stated
by the Chancellor of the Exchequer.
Mr. FIELDEN said with regard to what had fallen
from the Hon. Member for Surrey, that when petitions
were placed in his hands, he felt bound to present
them, he would read to the House a letter which
he had received from the Vicar of Caxton, relative
to the petition he had presented the other evening.
He thought that letter called for inquiry on the
part of the House. He believed all that had been stated
by the petitioners ; he had no doubt that the greatest in.
justice had been committed towards the parties, and he
trusted the Noble Lord would therefore grant a Committee.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER could
not allow the present discussion to come to a close with.
out saying something on the subject. With respect to
Cambridge, although he had no property in the
neighbourhood, he had sufficient local knowledge to be
enabled to corroborate all the statements of the
Hon. Gentleman opposite. He believed that every Gen-
tleman in that House would bear testimony to the impartial
course pursued by Lord Hardwicke as Chairman of the
Board of Guardians. He did not know who the Vicar
of Caxton was, but he presumed that the letter had
connection with the Reverend Mr. Maberly, and be
would appeal to all who had witnessed his proceedings
to say whether he bad not taken pains to excite public
riot and confusion, forgetful of his character as a clergy-
man, and the station in which he was placed.
Sir CHARLES DOUGLAS was surprised, after the
anxiety of his Hon. Friend the Member for Cambridgeshire
for the appointment of a Committee, to hear such a state-
ment from the Hon. Member for Oldham. He begged to
ask how long the petition had been in the bands of the
Hon. Member as he (Sir C. Douglas) understood be had
had it for some months. If so, nothing certainly could be
,
more unfair than the Hon. Member's conduct.—( Hear.)
Mr. FIELDEN had before stated that he had had
the petition in his possession some months, but perhaps he
had not been heard.—(Oh, oh.) The petition he had
since presented referred to the Rev. J. Russell, Vicar of
Caxton.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL said, with respect to the
letter, to which the Hon. Member referred, he had directed
the Assistant Commissioner to make inquiry into the
matter, and the result satisfied him that there was no foun-
dation for the charges that had been made. What bad
weighed with him (Lord John Russell) with respect to the
appointment of the Committee was, that the evidence and
examination of witnesses in support of the petition would
be very protracted, and that the Session would close be-
fore the defence was entered upon.—( Hear. )
Mr. DARBY said his Hon. Friend had stated that if
the House was not satisfied with his explanation he should
move for the appointment of- a Committee. He did not
know whether the Hon. Member for Oldham had expressed
himself satisfied or not, but it was certain that so far as his
Hon. Friend was concerned he was anxious to have the
Committee appointed.
Mr. BERN AL could also bear testimony to the anxiety
of the Hon. Member to have the Committee appointed, and
had even requested him (Mr. Bernal) to place upon it
indifferently men of all parties, and those who were most
opposed to the New Poor-law Act.—( Hear, hear.)
Mr. FIELDEN explained.
Lord G. SOMERSET could assure the House that
the Hon. Member for Cambridgeshire in the proposed
Committee included not only the name of the Hen.
Member for Oldham, but also that of every gentleman who
had prominently opposed the new Poor-law. Upon that
occasion he hoped to be allowed to ask a question
of the Under Secretary for the Colonies respecting
the slaves who were captured by our cruizers.
He understood they were landed on the coast of Brazil,
where they were apprenticed for a certain number of years.
If such a system was in existence there, he feared the
money of this country had been expended in vain, for such
a practise put the poor negroes in no better situation than
slavery.

Sir C. BURRELL said he could have no objection to
declaring that the Act be void in the event of a great
measure being passed.

The CHANCELLOR ofthe EXCHEQUER thought
this would be irregular.
On the suggestion of Mr. FOX MAULE it was agreed
to limit the Act to one year.
The other clauses were then agreed to, the House re-
sumed, and the Report ordered to be brought up on Friday.
The Committee of the Bank of Ireland was postponed
till to-morrow.

POSTAGE DUTIES.
The House then resolved itself into Committee on the
Postage Duties Bill.

Clause I was agreed to with some verbal amendments.
On clause 2 being proposed, relative to tha rates of
charges.
Mr. G. PALMER asked the Chancellor of the Ex-
chequer if he would have any objection to introduce a

been suffering exceedingly from disease, and great morta-
lity had been the consequence. He thought it due to the
proprietor and overseer of that estate to state that the me-
dical attendant was immediately dismissed. With respect
to the general condition of the Hill Coolies in Demerara,
he would take the earliest opportunity of laying all the do-
cuments relating to this subject, in possession of the Co-
lonial-office, bi,fore the House ; and until he could do so,
he thought it was desirable not to enter into the subject.
He would merely state that there was considerable exag-
geration in the accounts which had gone abroad relative to
the general state of mortality and disease among the Hill
Coolies in Demerara. At the same time he felt that it
was impossible to exercise too great vigilance in watching
the employment of Hill Coolies in Demerara, to defend
them from cruelty and hardships.—( Cheers.)
Mr. WAKLE Y said the Right Honourable Gentleman
had not stated what steps had been taken to prevent the
importation of Hill Coolies into Demerara. It was easy to
make a medical man the scapegoat, but the proper way
would be to prohibit further importation.
Mr. LAI3O UCH ERE said this had already been done
by an Order in Council last year, and he was not aware
that it had been infringed.
Mr. R. GORDON said orders had been issued by the
Governor-General of India to prohibit the exportation of
Hill Coolies.
Sir JAS. GRAHAM was perfectly satisfied with the
explanation of his Right Hon. Friend. He had never
approved of the system of importing Hill Coolies, and it
bad now completely failed; but he thought no time should
be lost in getting rid of it to the survivors, by releasing
them from the contract, even if it should involve this
country in the outlay of money to do so, thereby enabling
them to return to their own country.
Mr. LABOUCIIERE trusted that the lion. Members
would suspend their judgments on the whole question un-
til after the whole of the papers were before the House.
Sir T. FRE.V A NTLE wished to know whether it was
the intention of the Government on that evening to bring
on the Bill with respect to the County Courts.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER. said
that it was the intention of the Government to bring that
on the first thing to•morrow, but he was in hopes to be
enabled to bring the postage on that evening.
Col. T. WOOD wished to know whether the Report
that bad been promised by the Poor-law Commissioners,
relative to the election of guardians, had been laid before
the Government.
Mr. F. MAULS had not seen that Report.
ECCLESIASTICAL DISTRICTS BILL.
The House then resolved itself into a Committee on
the Ecclesiastical Districts Bill.
The vaious clauses were agreed to, and the House
resumed.
SPIRIT LICENSES (IRELAND) BILL.
The Spirit Licenses (Ireland) Bill was postponed till
to-morrow.

SOLDIERS' PENSIONS BILL.
Sir H. PARNELL moved the Order of the Day for
he further consideration of the Report on the Soldiers'
Pensions Bill.
Captain BOLDERO hoped the further consideration
of the Bill would be postponed till a future day.
Sir H. PARNELL said the Bill had now been for a
considerable time before the House, and he objected to
any postponement.
Mr. WAKLEY said he knew the Ilouse would pass the
Bill, because it was an unjust one. The House was pre-
pared to sanction such a measure with repect to 'poor
pensioners, but if such a measure was introduced with re-
spect to the rich pensioners and the aristocratic ones, the
House would reject it as one of the most unjust ever
brought before any rational assembly. The present mode
of paying pensioners required immediate attention, and if
nothing should be done on the subject, he would early in
the next Session introduce a measure on the subject.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said
the present law was injurious to the pensioner, and the
object of the Bill was to prevent him from assigning his
pension at all. The Bill was in restriction, and not in
promotion of the assignment of pensions.
Mr. DARBY objected to the second clause, which
provided that in the case of a pensioner going into the
workhouse, his pension should be paid to the Board of
Guardians.
Mr. W. ROCHE thought the quarterly payments were
productive of evil.
Sir C. B. VERE said that a soldier ought not to be
compelled to go into the workhouse, but should be allowed
to receive out-door relief.
Mr. HUME said although it might be hard to deprive
a man of a pension which he had honestly earned, yet
something ought to be done for the protection of parishes,
as it frequently happened that pensioners, on receiving
their quarter's pay, spent the whole of it in public-houses,
and then were compelled to resort to the parish for relief.
Mr. WAKLEY was addressing the House again, when
he was interrupted by
The SPEAKER, who said the Hon. Member had
already spoken once.
Mr. WAKLEY then said lie would move the omission
of the second clause. —( No, no, and laughter.)
The SPEAKER said the Hon. Gentleman might speak
if another Member moved an amendment, but he could not
now move it himself.
Mr. G. PALMER expressed an objection to the Bill.
The amendments having been agreed to, and another
verbal amendment proposed,
Mr. WAKLEY said he was glad he could now speak—
(A laugh)—though lie felt it was right to observe rules
and regulations.—( Hear.) Ile could not give the Go-
vernment, nor indeed any Government, much credit for
benevolence to the poor. The pensioner could, in point of
law, make an assignment. Hence the present Bill had
been suggested by the Somerset-house authorities, to
enable the Poor-law Guardians, to erect a claim that may
overrule all assignments.—(l tear, hear.) Let it be re-
collected that pensions were not given as a matter of be-
nevolence, but right.—(Hear, hear.) The Bill, therefore,
was most unjust and cruel. fl
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
said that by the general law, pensions were not as.
signable ; but an Act having been passed enabling
the Poor-law authorities, to draw the pensions, fraudulent
assignments were introduced, which it was the object of
this Bill to prevent.
Captain BOLDERO again objected to the Bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
HIGHWAY RATES BILL.
Sir C. BURRELL moved the committal of this Bill.
Mr. lIAWES asked if at this period of the Session
the Bill was to be persisted in ? Ile should strenuously
oppose it.
Sir C. BURRELL said the Bill was much required,
and lie thought the House would allow it to go on.
Mr. P. 1 1 OWARD said the Bill was much called for,
certainly ; and it was not the Hon. Baronet's fault that it
was so late.—( Hear.)
Captain PECHELL was desirous of showing every
courtesy to the Hon. Baronet who had received with at-
tention a clause which he had offered, but which he had
since resolved to make a separate Bill ; but he considered
it hopeless that the measure should pass the Session.
Mr. F. MAULE said the Bill was imperatively called
for, and he trusted it would speedily pass.—( Hear.)
Mr. LANGDALE could state that the object of the
Bill was indeed essential to the maintenance of our turn-
pike roads.—( Hear.)
Mr. T. EGERTON expressed a similar opinion.
The Bill then went into Committee.
On the 2d clause,
Mr. 11A WES said be thought the best course would be
to take the sense of the House on the Report.
Lord G. SOMERSET thought that would be very un-
fair,—(Hear, bear.) Why should not the Hon. Member
propose his amendments in Committee.—( Hear.) •
Mr. F. MAULE saw no doubts as to the Bill passing
th's Session at all exents. Unless there were some such
measure passed the turnpike roads would soon be impas-
sable.—( Hear.)
Mr. HUME asked i f the parishes were to repair the
roads, and the tolls to be applied to paying the mortgagees,
when there were any ?
Sir C. BURRELL disavowed any such intention, and
he would have no objection to have the clause made clear
if it was desired.
Mr. HUME contended that the Bill would alter the
whole law for it provided that the interest upon all mort-
gages should be paid from the tolls, and if there was not
enough of residue for repairing the roads, then the pa-
rishes were to be called upon for a contribution. That was
certainly unfair.
Mr. SANFORD said the principle was not new—it
had been recognized in former Acts, and the mortgagee
always had a preference.
Mr. HAVES said the Bill was neither more nor
less than an attempt upon the part of the mort-
gagees to get the parish funds as a security
for the money they had lent at enormous interest. It was
absolutely necessary that the whole matter. should be in-
quired into, whether by that house or by the Commission
lately appointed, lie did not know. That Commission was
appointed to inquire into the whole subject ; why then, in
the meantime, give those persons greater security than
they now have ? Ile would not then oppose the Bill. He
would see what amendments were mails in it, and if it was
not greatly altered, he would certainly take the sense of the
House upon it when the Report was brought up, for he
considered it a most objectionable one.
Mr, F. MAULE did not think his Hon. Friend had
taken the proper view of the case, for in all cases die
mortgagee had the first claim, and in case of a want of
funds the parish was compelled to repair the roads, upon
indictment. The Bill then gave no further power, but
would save all the expenses of the law proceedings. Ile
hoped the House would look favourably upon the Bill.
Mr. GORDON complained that the Bill gave no au-
thority to the parish to control the expenditure of the
money they were to be called upon to pay.
Mr. WAKLEY supported the clause as the money had
been lent upon the faith of Acts of Parliament, and if,
after having sanctioned die making of railroads, they re-
fused to make some provision for the persons advancing
the money they would act niggardly and almost unjustly.
After a few words from Mr. AGLIONIIY, SirC. BURRELL,
and some other Hon. Members. the clause was agreed to,
with some verbal amendments.
Clauses 4,5, and 6, were agreed te.
On clause 7 being proposed,
Mr. 11 AWES said he was of opinion the Bill should
be limited to one year.

EVENING EDITION:

- clause for increasing the facilities of establishing cross ordinary state of police in certain districts, and the
poste.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said
coreatnsequence
difficulty had
had been
been felt that in' those districts
ost. g
such a clause was unnecessary, as the P
ill pretsheervinJgustiethese
office was bound peace. It certainly was in the power
to give every facility for the delivery of letters.
to have a certain number. of special Mr. WA KLE Y said that the provision proposed would cases of necessity, but where it extended beyond a certain
co ns°!;b.les in certain
leave the matter exactly whereit stood. He could speak from part, they found themselves at a loss. The consequence
his personal experience that the Post-office always paid was,
that many evils arose from such a state or ti:ings.
the utmost attention to any application for the establish. One was, that it very frequently happened a meeting
ment of cross posts, and were always willing to afford being held, which the Magistrates apprehended
might
every facility for the speedy delivery of letters. In his cause some disturbance, the Magistrates sent immediately
opinion the Post-office was the best conducted of all the for the military, and the officer commanding in those dis-
public establishments, tricts, to whom the application yeas made, had felt this
The clause was then agreed to. application to he a consilsrable em,‘narrasement. Sir R.
On clause 3, relative to franking, bei„e. proposed, Jackson who commanded the Northern' Districts, and who
Mr. HUME hoped the lion. Gentleman' would abolish had several times communicated with hin: on thin subject
the privilege altogether. had stated that acceding to such aplication s ha a g
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER could tendency to break down
and destroy the disci'llind e ufreat the
not say under what particular circumstances it would be troops ; and there was this further inconeenie'nee, that it
necessary to retain this privilege for the public offices; but wets often found necessary send them to places s"hece
serious
ou
1l
the principle on which he should act was that it was de- they could not be accommodatto ed in barracks. This was felt
sirable franking should be abolished altogether : but lie both by the late Commander of the Northern Districts
must be guided in carrying out this principle by the exi- and the present officer
ttnostbaeheeas pencies of the public service. appeared that in many
.saegviisLtratlctsli ik,aedw insoe
Mr. WARBURTON was satisfied with the clause as force to rely upon, and in large towns it often happened that
it stood, coupled with the assurance of the Chancellor of the Magistrates, although they had no immediate appre-
the Exchequer. Ile thought the privilege of franking hensicn of danger, were obliged to swear in a few most
Parliamentary documents should not be entirely taken inefficient constables. With respect to the ordinary ad-
away, hut should be placed under check. ministration of criminal justice, there were very great de-
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER thought facts also existing. These defects had been brought for-
that the same facility should be afforded for the distribu. ward by the Commissioners who had been appointed three
tion of Bills as for the distribution of letters, but that the years ago, and who had admirably performed the
same rule did not apply to Parliamentary papers, which it duty entrusted to them ; they had shown that in
was not necessary should be distributed so speedily as Bills, many parts of the country there was a perfect impunity for
and which might be sent by a slower conveyance than the thieves, owing to the present inefficient state of the police.
mail. •
This occurred often in populous districts, more especially in
Mr. HUME thought that at all events the papers of the neighbourhood of large towns where an efficient police
former Sessions should not be entitled to this privie, was established. In the town of Hull, for instance, it ap-
Mr. ELLIOTT wished to remove a wrong impression peered there was a society of house-breakers who went at
which had arisen in consequence of a misapprehension of certain times into the neighbouring villages to commit
what he had said last night. It had been stated that depredations, and brought back their booty to the town
he was opposed to the Bill, whereas the Bill met with without molestation. Tine best means of putting an end
his cordial concurrence. He bad merely said that the to such a state of things, was the appointment of an effie
public must expect to find some difficulties in the way of cient constabulary force. There was another subject on which
carrying this plan into execution.
there had been much complaint made in that House, and
The clause was then agreed to, as was clause 4. still more in the country ever since the passing of the Act
On clause 5 being proposed, relating to the stamped authorizing the sale of beer. He believed that the corn-
covers,
lnts the beer-houses were d, but that The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER wished the disorders were not so much owingwell tofounde the permission
to take that opportunity of stating what were the in- to sell beer as to the total neglect of those police regula.
tentions of the Government on this subject. The tions which were established by law, and the constables at
paper-makers and stationers had taken up an idea present appointed were rather seeking occasion to pass
that the Government was pledged to the adoption these disorders unnoticed than eager for an opportunity of en-
of stamped covers of a peculiar manufacture, which forcing them—in fact they had very little motive for the per-
would have the effect of excluding them from their formance of their duty. He considered that these disotders
fair proportion of advantage. Such was by no means the would be much better remedied by the appointment of an
ease. He thought, as far as his inquiries had enabled him efficient police than by the repeal of the Act of 1830.
to go, that a plan might be divised of affixing a small The Report of the Commissioners had induced the Go-
stamp to each letter, which would have the effect of ren. vernment to take the subject under consideration some
dering the use of stamped covers unnecessary. But in the time ago. The remedy proposed by those gentlemen was
present state of his information, it was impossible to state tine establishment of a general system of constabulary
exactly whether he should be able to accomplish it, and throughout the country; but although this might be the
therefore he wished this clause to be retained. It was the best remedy they could devise, it was one of too large and
wish of the Government to carry this plan into effect in extensive a nature at present, although it might be here.
the best manner for tine interests of all classes, and without after necessary, to adopt that course. There was another
giving a monopoly to any one. He believed the parties ground on which he thought it advisable to introduce the
interested were perfectly satisfied with the explanation he present measure. Riots had recently taken place in some
had given on the subject; but still it was his duty to adopt districts, which had rendered it necessary to send out in-
every precaution to save the revenue from forgery, as it creased detachments of the military, and in many parts the
would be a very painful result to find the crime of forgery yeomanry had been called out to keep the peace. These
on the increase in consequence of the adoption of this mea- assistances would not have been necessary, had there been
sure. The course he should take would be, as soon as the an efficient civil force, on which the Magistrates could
Bill was passed, to hold out an encouragement to ingeni- place reliance ; and when it was necessary to call in mili-
eus men in this and other countries to suggest some tary aid, a civil farce would be found to be of essen-
means of carrying this provision into effect.—(Cheers.) tial service in capturing the rioters and those guilty
He wished it to go forth to the public that the paper- of disturbances, a service which could not be
makers and stationers were perfectly satisfied with the so efficiently performed by the military. These reasons
explanations he had given them ; at the same time he must made hint think it desirable to introduce some measure
say he thought they were rather too hasty in their fears, on this subject. It gave a general power for the introduc-
es they were the class of all others most likely to be be- tion of a regular and paid police in those districts where
nefitte'd by an increased correspondence, which would be such a force was required, and although such a force might
one of the results of this measure.—( Cheers.) not be requisite at present in certain counties, yet the in-
The clause was then agreed to. creased population might eventually make such a measure
Clause 6, providing for the use of a stamp, was agreed desirable. In corporate towns the power was at present
to, after a few words from the CHANCELLOR of the very generally exercised, and in most of those towns there
EXCHEQUER.
was a regularly organised police. In Newcastle the other
Clauses 7,8, and 9 were then agreed to. day, when a mere street row had ended in a serious dis.
The remaining clauses of the Bill were agreed to. turbance, the police force was found quite sufficient for
Mr. V. HARCOURT would avail himself of that op- quelling it, without having recourse to military aid. But
portunity of adverting to the grant to tine Duke of Marl- there were many manufacturing and mining districts ex-
borough, which had been charged on the Post-office ccedingly populous, where it would be impossible to este-
revenues. He had presented a petition frcm the blish corporations, and where yet it would be desirable to
Duke, praying that he might be exonerated from establish a police force. In one of these districts—the
paying four shillings in the pound land-tax, and the Potteries of Staffordshire—Bills had passed the House
one shilling and sixpenny duties. That petition was re- this Session for the establishment of an efficient police,
fcrrcd to a Committee, but the Committee were not au- and for the appointment of a stipendiary Magi'.
thorized to give an opinion but only to repeat facts; but trate; but this was a remedy expensive in itself,
he believed it was the unanimous opinion of that Corn- and one which the opposition of any of the parties
mittec that at least a portion of the complaint was well in the riot might render of no avail. If the Magis-
founded, and that the Parliamentary grant ought never trates of any county in Quarter Sessions assembled were
to have been liable to the shilling and sixpenny duties. of opinion that the establishment of a police for that
He should like to know what the feeling of the Chancellor county was requisite, this Bill gave them tine power, with
of the Exchequer on the subject was. the concurrence of the Secretary of State, of establishing
Mr. AGLIONB Y had been one of the Members of that such force. If the Magistrates of any particular district
Committee, and the Hon. Member was right in stating the were of opinion that it was advisable to establish a police
Committee were not enabled by the terms of the reference to for that district, they were to apply to tine Magis.
make any Report. In reference to the land tax, his (Mr. Aga trates at Quarter Sessions, and if the plan met with
I ionby as) opinion was then, and still remained, that tine House their concurrence, and also with the concurrence
would not grant that reduction. But he thought justice of the Secrettey of State, then tine force was to be
was with the Duke, in regard to what were called the is. established in that particular, and paid by a rate levied
and 6ds duties,
on the district, for the service of which they were raised. In
Tine CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER'S in- either case the consent of the Secretary of State was re-
dividual opinion was, that the Duke was entitled to relief quired to the regulations and qualifications of the con-
in respect of both ; and would have been glad to introduce stables. This was the case in one Act already ; he meant
a measure consonant with his own feelings, but was afraid, the Act for establishing a police for the county of Cheshire.
after what had passed in the Committee, that he would He did not propose by this Bill that there should he any
'Ally be able to introduce a measure to secure relief appointment vested in tine Crown of the persons command'.
in respect of the Is. and (id. duties. There was every ins the force, or holding any appointment under this Act.
probability that that would be carried unanimously by the The Magistrates would no doubt take care to ace that the
House. The grant to the Duke of Marlborough would be regulations were such as would enable them to command
perfectly secure by the present Post-office Bill, tho services of efficient persons for this purpose, and there
The House then resumed, and the Report was ordered were so many examples of an efficient police in the me-
te be received to.morrow.
tropolis and other large towns, in the most of the latter of
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER post- which they had the advantage of the advice of the Com-
pel-Jed the Committee of Supply. till Friday next. missioners of Metropolitan Police, and it would not be
SHANNON NAVIGATION. difficult for the Magistrates to place the constables whom
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved they might appoint under the direction of efficient officers.
that the Report on this Bill be received. The system which had been carried on at a period remote
Lord SA NDON believed the measure was by no means from these times, when) they had constables unpaid, and
of a local nature, but was calculated to develope tine re- without any peculiar qualifications, was not applicab'e to
sources of Ireland. It was a question in which the people tine present, when there was a vast increase to the popu.
of England were as much interested as the people of Ire- lation, and when the amount of property open to depre-
land ; and he believed they would do more good by im. dation was so much greater; more efficient institutions
proving tine means of communication, and opening markets were therefore absolutely necessary. He thought it would
for tine great agricultural districts in the west of Ireland, tend more to the permanent peace of the country if its
than by anything else they might propose. lie would give preservation was not left exclusively to the military and
his cordial concurrence to the measure. yeomanry force. The Noble Lord concluded by moving
Mr. FINCH had heard nothing to remove the objec-
tions for leave to bring in a 1311 l to establish District and County
tions he had urged on a former evening to the measure. Constables by authority of Justices of the Peace for Eng-
The Report was then brought up, and tine Bill ordered land and Wales.
to be read a thirdeime on Friday. Mr. HODGES hoped the duties of these constables
PUBLIC WORKS (IRELAND) BILL. weuld be defined, and that they would be employed solely
On the motion of the CHANCELLOR of the EX- for the preservation of the peace and putting down riots,
CHEQUER the House went into Committee on the instead of being employed in putting down poaching or
Public Works (Ireland) Bill. Mr. BERNAL in the chair. of
Ithat soE rt.
After a desultory conversation the clauses were agreed matte
Mr.rs DSRALI said the proposition would effect a
to, and the House resumed, and the Report was ordered to social revolution in the country. A law of that nature
be received to-morrow,
should not be passed without tine most grave and mature
METROPOLIS IMPROVEMENT BILL. deliberation. Its necessity could not have arisen from any
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved gradual end general change inn the situation of the country,
the second reading of this Bill. We understood the else the Minister would not have come down at the eleventh
Right Hon. Gentleman to say that this measure proposed hour of the Session to announce that a civil war had corn-
three great linen. The first line would be from PiccadillyrelievingHolbor
tho- n Ile repeated the Noble Lond had come down to declare
war against Birmingham and to levy 5,000 troops against
roughfares were now subject to. The second would open fits ancient allies. It was an attempt to revolutionize the
a new course from Oxford-street to Holborn, cutting off rural police of the country, and to give an unconstitutional
the present narrow and circuitous route. The third would power to Municipal Corporations to establish a police force.
go through Whitechapel, and confer great benefit on the
health of the inhabitants, and not only on the local but the war had commenced.—( Laughter.) Then Inc assumed the
whole trade of the metropolis. There would be ample right in the present, as in every other instauce, when the
funds for those undertakings, and he was anxious that Go- country was involved inn war, to inquire what was the
vernment should have the reputation of having honestly cause, and whether the means were competent to put an
done its duty on this important subject. The Right Hon. end to it, and thirdly whether Ministers were so far entitled
Gentleman then moved the second reading of the Bill, and to the confidence of Parliament as to be entrusted wkb these
stated that he should more on Tuesday that it be referred powers.—( Hear.) It was the duty of the Noble Lord to
to the Committee on the Metropolis Bill. enter into some explanation of the state of the country.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, in that they might ascertain whether 5,000 men were staff-
answer to a question from Colonel Sibtborp, said that the cient. The Noble Lord should not bare waited for a
expenses were to be paid out of the coal duties. period of the Session when there were only some forty
Mr. WAKLEY, as a member of the Committee that
Members lingering and lounging in the (louse, sat upon this subject, felt bound to say that it was not was really any ground for bring it forward.
They should
o bur-
oTushee, if there
intended, in consequence of these proposed improvements, not be passing measures of so much importanceesssi in
to increase the duty on coals. It was expected by the
sled a manner, and at that late period of the
Committee, and he fully believed that it would be found under these circumstances he should oppose
the in ro uc-
to be tine case, that there would be a surplus fund fully Se otn ;dand
-tion of the present and every other that formed pant of
sufficient to meet all the expenses of carrying on the im- the batch of Government measures.
provements. His opinion was, that the property to be Thecreatcd by the change would be, much greater, and much
CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER was
more valuable, than that destroyed, and the change would not at all less inclined to support the Bill by reason of
be of immense advantage to the public. Ile was sure that the tone of the Hon. Member opposite. He was satisfied
the Hon. Member was not stating the opinions of tine great
every' Member who had visited the part where the improve-
ments were intended to take place, was satisfied of their party who were opposed to tine Government. It was ab-
necessity. surd to say that the introduction of a measure by which
—(
life and property would be rendered more secure, was
templated by the Bill were highly necessary, particularfy
Sir S. L U S II INC TON thought the improvements con-
making war upon any portion of tine Queen's subjects. A
the last, which was essentially necessary for the peace and
more Cxtraval ant perversion of the use of language he had
comfort of the district through which it was to go.
never heard in that House or any other place__( Hear)..._
and it was equalled only by the glaring distortions of the
The Bill was then read a second time, and ordered to be
referred to a Select Committee. facts of tine case. The Hon. Member appeared to forget
The Committee of Ways and Means was postponed to that tine measure had not been without psevious notiae, and
then pproval of lion. Members opposite. If the Hon.
Friday.
Member's argument was worth a Single straw, and that was
On the motion of Mr. F. ;MULE, the Report of tine
at all events under its value—(A laugh )—it applied with
Turnpike Tolls Bill was brought up, and agreed to, and
the Pill was ordered to he engrossed, and read a third time equal force to tine measure introduced by the Right Hon.
House,wisest and
to.morrovv. Baronet whom Inc professed to follow, but whom he did
nn,oetstf
joulidoitevioounstinheeapsrtelrseesntitolctreoadsuioene,donheitoofti
The Fines and Penalties Bill was read a third time and
the
that passed.
The Militia Ballot Suspension Bill went through Corn-
Bill for the establishmeet of a Metropolitan Police. Why
should they not apply to existing institutions all the im-
mittee, and the Re port was ordered to be received to-mer- provements which were rendered necessary for the purpose
raw,
of affording tine mass of the people adequate protection ? If
passe . .
Thd. en Highway Bill (No. 2.) was read a third time, and there was anything unconstitutional in this measure, it was
Ire- not the ' • , Gos ernment, but Hon. Members opposite the
heep Stealing (
The Assaults (Ireland) Bill, tine S Bill t county Justices, who were to carry it into effect. It was
(Ireland) wen
land) Bill, and the Sale of Spirits (
through Committee, and the Reports were ordered to be upon their requisition the plan
was to be introduced into
received on Friday•
any district. If the 0(e/eminent, instead of being assisted
The Stage Carriages Bill was
•,• ' read a second time and 'n carrying s through a measure for tine protection of life and
ordered to be committed.
property, were to have it made a party question, and op-
BIRMINGHAM POLICE. posed with virulence, depend upon it there would be much
carried at any
Bill was read a second time greater difficulties in the way of its being
Tine Birmingham Police
similar ob.
morrow. future period under similar circumstances. If.
and ordered to be committed to-
e Poor-law Bill and
DISTRICT CONSTABLES. J i
ect.ons were thrown out against th
l bI indeed.
COUNTY AND
be most dep ora e
RUSSELL, in moving for leave to In-ling in a other measures, the effect would
Lord-J.
to ask whether it wa
stablishment of County and Dietrict Coin- Captains CORDON begged leave ,
Bill for the e
d the provieions
Noble Lord to extend of Justices of tine Peace, for tine intention of the
stables, by' the authority
Bill .
He agreed that it would
England arid Wales, said that the winch lie proposed of the Bill to Scotland. Wales, and he
l I and
. in was to give authority to Justices of tine Peace be a good measure for Eng.an' .
several counties in
to bring
useful in se in certain places to establish sufficient constables. Every thought it would be most
towns, where the
be aware that in many districts in the country Scotland,particularly about great
haracters into the
c
one must
the bad
there was a very great want of constables, police had driven
believed, however, there were nelie
and that there had been much complaint in that adjacent country. lie be t
for tine establishment of a
lIIISCSSITICn respect. A Noble Friend of his, some years ag, means of levyingSare'otland; but if this measure were to be
had taken great pains in introducing a Bill with reference county police in
e he thought a clause authorising the
to overseers and special constables, Isince
am, then another extended to Scotland,road money for that purpose might be
Bill had been introduced into that House, which allowed application of the
Justices, in certain cases, to appoint !persons not residing introduced VobiE•y
said the lion. Gentleman opposite
in the neighbourhood special constables ; but in both Mr. Wiik
~,c a part of the measure extended to those Bills it was necessary, in order to give the Alagis • wished t„,?ovahe (Mr. Wakley) would most heartily make
Scot-
trates the power of appointing these officers, that there land. 0
should be actual rioting, or a breach of the peace corn- him a present of the whole of it. He thought the Hon. M •ddidnot de •I i had
Member for , an stone sets e the lecture he
milted. The clauses in these Bills did not apply to tho ,
