SLAVERY.

Mr. HEATHCOTE presented a petition from Den-
nington, in the county of Lincoln, praying for the total
abolition of Negro Slavery.
The Marquis of CHANDOS would take the opportu-
nity of the presenting of that petition, to ask the NAle
Lord opposite whether it was the intention of his Majes-
ty's Government to come forward with any measures for
the abolition of slavery or not? A netice stood on the
paper for the 19th, which, however, he understood was to
be withdrawn.

Lord ALTHORP said that he had given an answer to
that question some time ago, stating that it was the inten-
tion of his Majesty's Government to bring forward a
measure which they hoped would bring the subject to a
sate and satisfactory conclusion ; further than that he did
not feel justified in the Noble Marquis an answer.
OBSERVANCE OF THE SABBATH.

Mr. HEATHCOTE pre,ented a petition from Ed-
kiugham, praying for the clue observance of the Sabbath.

IRISH DISTURBANCES BILL.

Mr. SHEIL presented a petition from Rothscray, in
the county of Tipperary, signed by 2,000 persons,
stating that the administration of justice had been pro.
perly conducted, through the intervention of Juries in
Ireland ; that on that account there was no neces-
sity for courtsmartial ; and praying the House not to al-
low any arbitrary law to pass. The Hon. Member
stated that he understood similar petitions were about to
be presented from other parte of Ireland, and one from
Liverpool, signed by upwards of 15,000 persons, praying
the House would not adopt the Bill for the coercion of
reland.
Mr. EWART believed the Hon. and Learned Gentle-
man was quite correct in the information he had received
respecting the Liverpool petition. He would take an
early opportunity of presenting that petition, and, in doing
so, give it all the support he conscientiously could, although
he felt bound to say (as he was understood in the gallery),
that he approved of the tenor of the measure brought for-
ward by his Majesty's Ministers.
Mr.WASO.N believed there was a petition in the course
of signature at this moment in Liverpool, approving of the
measure, and praying it might pass, in consequence of
no other measure, in their opinions, being calculated to
produce the desired effect.
An HoN. MEMBER inquired whether that petition was
in the course of being signed as the result of a public
meeting having been called for the purpose?
Mr. WASON believed that neither petition emanated
from a public meeting.
Mr. SHEIL presented a petition from Kingecourt, in
the county of Cavan, praying that no arbitrary measure
might be introduced as a law into Ireland. Also a pe-
tition from Chronoltie and Rossmoor, in the county of
Tipperary, to the same effect; also a petition from another
parish in the same county to the same effect.
Mr. SHEIL presented a petition from Chronoltie,
praying for the entire abolition of tithes. He could not
avoid expressing that it was a very extraordinary circum-
stance no communication had been made by his Ma-
jesty's Government respecting anything they meant
to propose on this subject.—(Hear.) It certainly ap-
peared strange, that upon this subject, wh;ch was much
more calculated to lead to disturbances than any thing
else, Ministers had been so very cautious as to say nothing
whatever relative to their intended line of procedure.
Mr. SHEIL presented a petition from 155 of the
electors of New Windsor, praying the House to prevent
the officers of his Majesty's establishment from interfering
in any way whatever with the freedom of election.
The petition stated facts which were well deserving the
attention of the House. It stated, that at the last election
the freedom of election had been grossly abused by the
interference and influence of his Majesty's Household
Officers. That Sir Frederick Watson and different officers
of the Househeld appeared at the last election, and did
all in their power for the purpose of influencing electors
—that tiy their undue promises of their influence from
their situation they induced many persons, some of whom
were dependent on the Court for support, to vote for Sir
Samuel I. G. Pechell. They (the officers) stated that
Sir John was a personal friend of his Majesty, and
that it was necessary that they should vote fur him, &c.
He had apprised Lord Belfast that his name was intro-
duced into the petition, and had requested him to name
the subject to Sir John Pechell. Lord Belfast had
stated that he was certainly at the election, but that he
went there only from motives of curiosity. The petition
was not signed by persons who were wholly undeserving of
regard, for it was signed by 155 persons, all of them voters.
Lord ALTHORP said he spoke in great ignorance of
improper
interference subject, but he should really hope that no
interference whatever had been used. Every one knew
that in elections, when persons connected with candi•
dates canvassed, it was often the case that the dis-
appointed party attributed an improper interference
in favour of the successful candidates. He was aware
of Lord Belfast's name being introduced into the
petition, but he was not aware of any other part of it.
Lord Belfast had told him that he was present at the

election merely from curiosity, and not for the purpose of
wing any influence.
Lord WILLIAM LENNOX said a petition had been
presented against the return for Windsor, and afterwards
withdrawn. It appeired to him rather extraordinary
that it should have been withdrawn if the statement con-
tained in the present petition was true.
Tt,e periti:m was then ordered to lie upon the table.
Mr SHEIL then presented a petition from Mr. Francis
Horner, of the city of Londonderry, complaining of the
conduct of the corporation of that city. The funds of that
corporation were vested in thirty-six persons, viz., twelve
Aldermen and twenty-four Burgesses. Many years
ago the corporation borrowed money of Government,
15,0001. to lie paid without interest, at the rate of
1,0001. a•year, on condition that the corporation created
a fund from the tolls of 30,0001. From 1814 to 1830,
they did not pay the Government one farthing, nor hail
they accumulated any portion of the fund that they bad
been bound to raise. The petition detailed other com-
plaints against the corporation.
The petition was ordered to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Corporations.
Mr. SHEIL presented a petition from certain inhabi-
tants of Dublin, praying for an alteration in the Irish Re-
form Bill, so that it might not be necessary for Roman
Catholics to take the qua.ification oath at elections as Ca..
tholics.

Mr. RUTHVEN supported the prayer of the petition.
Mr. TYRELL presented a petition from the inhabitants
of the hundred of Stowe against the duty on taxed carts ;
also a petition from certain freeholders of the libetty of
Bury St. Edmunds, against the Bid for removing the
Assizes from Bury St. E rtnunds to Ipswich.
Mr. RIGBY MASON said that as the promoter of the
Bid alluded to, he had examined the petition, and found
t',at the petitioners principally r&ed upon the fact of a
third of the county being within the liberty of Bury
St. Edmunds, but they entirely overlooked the stronger
tact, that a much greater inconvenience was suffered by
a majority of the inhabitants of the county than would be
un her the arrangement proposed by the Bill.—Petition
laid upon the table.

Earl JERMYN presented a similar petition to the last
from the Corporation of Bury St. Edmunds.
Mr. MORRISON presented a petition from Ipswich
praying for a reduction, or the abolition, of the soap duty. Ile
was sorry he had been called upon at so late an hour to
present this petition, as he was anxious to have said a
word or two on the subject.
Mr. WASON supported the petition. The sooner the
House put on a property tax, and removed this and other
taxes from the poor, the better they would do their duty
to their constituents.—(Hear, hear, hear.) The Honour-
able Ale,nber then presented a petition from the
clergy of Ipswich, praying the House to pass a law putting
an end to the practice of selling goods on Sundays. In the
Opinion of the Hon. Metnber the opening of the shops on
Sundays was altogether unnecessary. One excuse offered
for it was, that labourers were not paid till late on Satur-
day night. That was a most fallacious excuse. The
fact was just the other way, for it was only in
consequ. no. of it being known that they could purchase
commodities on a Sunday morning, that the habit of
paying them late had been persevered in.—(Hear, hear,
from Lord Ashle).)
The Speaker then left the Chair, and the House ad-
journed till 5 o'clock.

PRICE% OF ,T.,C, s. r,t i
Bank Stock
3 per Cent. Red. 58..4 ti
3 per Cent Cons •.,7,,,, s 4
31,6 per Cent. -
Ditto Re.t.... 95Ii;sA
getv34 per Cent. 414 N,5
3 per Cent Ann. 17.2 ti .. -
4 per Cent. 1820 to 3 oFii
Rank Long Ann to exiorr
Jan. 5, 186'
Oct. 10, 1559 17% ;,-I6
Jan. 5, 1860 16 15-16
/an. 5, 1880 -
April 5, 1880 -
Jan. 5, 1870 -
