CHUItcH'S COUGH DROps,

ls. 6d. bound, _
GUY'S NEW BRITISH SPELLING BOOK,
or an Introduction to Spelling and Reading, in Seven
Parts, containing a great variety of eal Lessons exactly
adapted -to the capacities of Youth, and arranged in a new,
easy, and pleasing order ; the Tables of .Yords are di6(led and
accented according to the purest modes of pronunciation.
By JOSEPH GUY, _

Author of the NeW British Reader., School Geography, &c.
- 4' Mr. Guy scents perfectly to understand the powers and
nature of th,e infant mind, and the best means of enabling it
to comprehend the value of letters, -syllables, and words,
wilie their relation to things. lie has had experience in
teaching, has reascried experience, and evinced his
knowledge. in arranging this Spelling Book. We hare com-
pared it with Mavor's, and several other 'generally esteenred
first books for children, and found it-in almost every particu-
lar more simple, more congenial with the lang.i.ige and
powers of the youn; mind, and h,:rter adapted for instruc-
tion than any other work of its kind. The spelling and read-
ing lessons are placed on oppOsite pages; and the selection of
the,latter is such as roust naturally expand the mind, and
imnprove themorals of children:'—Antijacohin Reviely*.
1361314 H for C. CradoCk and W. Joy, 32, Paternoster=row,
and C. Law, Ave-Maria-lane.

Where may be had, by the sarne.Author, New Editions, now

ready for delivery, of .-
The New British Reader, price 4s. English School Gram-.
mar, is. rid. red. School Geo,,r,raphy, 3s. red. Pocket Cyclo-
pcedia, 7s. sd. bound.Ool Cyphering Book, 4to. 3s. Gd.

THE THIRD EDITiON OF GUY'S GEOGRAPHY.
This Day was published,
The Third Edition, enlarged, much improvcd,and handsomely
printed. Royal' 18m6. with seven correct Maps; price 3s.
bound in red',
GsSCHOOL GEOGRAPHY, on a new,
easy, and highly .improved- plan ; comprising not only.
a complete, general Description, but muchTopographicalln-
•

'A Medicine unet:ualled by any in the World, for the imne-diare Relief and gradutil Cure of
COUGHS, COLDS, ASV-DI S, &c.

INcomet ott Coughs, whicil are -gentrally the
effect of • Cold, it gives im►nediate relict', removing
those triatblesome irritations, or, as they are called tichlnfgs
io the threat, which are so tormenting in this complaint,
acting as a constant stin►ulus to coughing, and.: in quieting
those COllViliSiVe excitements, and causing the afflicted to
breathe and speak freely. it procures rest ,and -"sleep ►r an
eminent degree; and strengthens the constitniion,.. which
enables it to repel an enemy, whose attacks are frequently
followed by the most fatal GotistAtietices,
Persons aflfie✓ied with Pulmonary Complaints, or disorders
of the Breast and Lungs (0-en to ,the most advanced state,
aml at the most advanced period of life), will find instant
relief. . .

In Asthmatic or Constimptire AffeetionC, 'recent or ehrook;
floarsenessts, Catarrhs, Wheezinge, and Difficulty of Ilczath
in g, it will give immediate ease.
Congealed Phlegm, Acritoony in the Fluids, and Obstruc-
tilons in the Glands, are with ease and safety discharged by
gentle ex tied orat ion.
It is also admirable in, Soreness of the Breast and Stomach,
giving present ease in those eascs.
Sold (Wholesale and Retail), only by Edwards, 66, St. Paul's,
Sanger, Oxford-street, and 'Putt,-Exchange.
CAUTION.

None can possibly he genuine but those having the Stamp
in the name of SFIAW and EfIWARDS, 06, St. Paul's
Church-Yard, to imitate which as Felony.
Price only 2s/id. and -4s. 6d. per bottle.

BUTLER'S CELEI3ItATE9 VEGETABLE Iti..:ITQAA
"FIVI; 'lOOll-}
So justly: recnrinnended for the. TEETH, Preserv-
ing the GUMS, and Preventing that dreadiuly malady the
'

BEAuTy tit Countenance, nod regularity of.
..
formation, in a well-digested order; exhibiting three distinct
parts, and yet forming one connected whole. Expressly Features, arc allowed to enstinguish the British Fair;
adapted to every Age and Capacity, and to-every Class of
but the Proprietor of lII.TTLER's TOOTH POWDER would
Learners, both iu Ladies' and Gentlemen's Schools,
beg leave to remind his Countrywomen that i be lustre of their'
Be JOSEPH GUY,
Charms loses half its influence where the Teeth are. disco-
Late Professor of Geography in the Royal Military College,
loured, ay spew 'a rotten and unhealthy appearance—this is
. Great Marlow. • •
the more inexcusable, as the present ]'reparation affords the
t, We think this wafrk entitled to unqualified approbation.
infallible means of 'removing every blemish of the enamel,
It unites utility with cheapness. Its method is simple and
being composed of Vegetables.
practicable, and well acapted to the first avants of the mind.
Mr. Guy is already known as the author of some other worlts
It is reimmmended to the attention of. all ranks, as clearing
of a similar nature, and this will add to his merit in that ape-
away every imperfection, either in the colour, or the decay of
the 'enamel of the Teeth, as rendering the breath Sweet and
vies of coMposition."—Univ. Mao-. April, 1810; delectable,- and making the Gums Of their proper shape and. .
The Maps, on a handsome royal drawing paper, neatly co- .
vermilion hue ; and a certain Preventative against the
loured, are sold Separate for the convementat of Teachers, .
looth-ache. No Composition of this kind ever brought.
price 2s. sewed. ,t . forward' to public notice, has met 'such univers'al -approba-
*4l' The Publishers feel themselves Warranted in calling
Con ; and the Proprietor has to boast that it is in daily use
the attention of Professors to this excellent Manual of Geo-
of Roy nit). •
graphy - since its first publication in 1510, 20,000 copies have
been sold, and its superiority over other works of the aame Coughs, Colds, Asthuats, and .Sore ThruutS, price ls. 14. J.
kind is becoming daily more manifest—the last year's salts
Per 13".
being double that of any of the preceding. In this Edition .
many improvrments. have been .added,- the List. of accented Sold, wholesale and retail, at Mr. Butler's Chemical, Drag,
find Patent Medicine Warehaese, 4, Clicapside, corner of St.
Geographical Names is greatly enlarged, much original mat-
ter respecting the extensive kmpire of Tonkin is annexed, Paul's ' ChurChrtird,. Landoll ; Sharp and Itelain, Ports-
namith ; Jones, iVeston, Allnutt, anti Mallory, Portsea; Hill!
the Book is printed in a superior style on.the best paper, and sad .10Isnaton, Gosport; Cylemati and Jacob, Sheerness ;
the whole fonsis a most perfect,and highly interesting School I I I,
L'ec.:, i‘oss, , and Turner, Hull; Has and and Cooky,-ofthy
Book.. Granville, Nettleton, and Gilbert, Plyanintli ; Knott malt
, Printed for C. Cradock and --W. Joy, 32, Paternoster-row, . Lloyd, and •Swinuev and Co. Birminelean ; . Billinge, Ed-
and C. Law, Ave-Maria-lane. . .
. „ wards and -Pritay, Rua Lallibury, Liverpool; Staines amid
Where may lie had, by thasame Author, Clow quite ready far i Lynch, Manchester; Trewma a, F.xeter ; Siiiith, Mradert.m,
delivery, New Editions of : ' j Raeburn, Scott, and Baxter, Ediaburgh ; Batter and Mac-
. The New British Reader, price 4s. The New British Spell- - Minald, Glasgow; Bulgin and harry, Briitol ; StPveasoa mal
ing Book, Is. Gd. Lagiisli utammar,. Is. Gd. red. Pocket • Cu. Norwich; Swinfen, Leicester ; Dunn and Sutton, .:',ut-
C3chnicedia, 7s. ed. bound. • Sclioel typiterin.; 8.,;, 4tu. tingliam ; and retail by tuba Cuatitry Venders, la Bores, at
i ,3s. Gd.. . ... f 2s. DS. -MIA es. Cite*.

It is supposed that the :enemy has again taken
up a 'position at Breskaat---heath, not tar from
Antw.erp ; and it is expected that General Ilulow
will there attack him wichota delay. In the Mean
time, for tliese two days past, number
of troops have passed through bere2for the army.
We have just tiOvr received a report, that Bois-
le-Duc has been evacuated by the French ; but we
cannot decide whether the town only was meant,
or whether it inchided also fort Papenbril.
BREDA, JAN. I3.—The enemy defended himself
obstinately behind his e,ntrenchments; and orders
have been received bere'to make ready the hospi-
tals, while the prisoners are to be sent to Dort
and Ilotterdam.—We are assired, that in most of
the departments of France, considerable agitations
haVe taken place, in consequence-of the requisi-
tions., On the I Itb, 6000 Saxons of. all arms
passed through here,: on their way to join the
Allies. -There was a report that-3000 of the ene-
my had been surrounded, but this requires con-
firmation.

The Allies, according to rep'orts. which have
been received,. have advanced to Merxerr, One
league from Antwerp. Prisduers are continually
brought in here.
Dowr, JAN. 14.2—We have just received reports
of another affair which took place -yesterday at
Breskaat, in which the Allies were successful.
FRANKFowr, JAN. 7.—The Eleventh Army Re-
"irt of the Silesian Army, dated Kreutznach,
Jan. 4, contains as follows :
" The General Field-ill;rshal resolved to corn-
mence the year I Sl4, and a new campaign, by the
crossing of the Rhine., and madethe necessary dis-
positions for that purpose.
" General St. Priest' assembled his troops at
Ehrenbreitstein, thereto pass over a pail of diem
in the night of the 31st of December and Ist of
January, and under the connlinnd of General
Bistratn, to. attack the entrenchments on the
Other side Of the Lahn. These were taken after
triflinga resistance ; upon which General Bistra:n
advanced to t.Coblentz; of which'he made himself
master, taking seven pieces of cannon, and 500

prisoners.
" The General of Infantry Von Yorck assem--
bled his troops at Caul), sent over some inflict y
in boats to surprise the posts on- the left bunk of
the Rhine, and, after a short resistance, took
Bacharach and Upper \Vezel ; in consequence of
this, tke pontoon bridge at Caul) was fixed at
Olalz, an old castle, in-. an island lying in the
ntidcli of the Rhine. From the difficulty in- ob-
taining anchorage to make fast the bridge, the
passage could not be effected before the morn-
ing of the 2d of January. General Iluperbein
had in the mean time driven the enemy from
the Rhinbellen and Waldalgesheim, and .entered
Kreutznach in. the evening of the-2d: Gtmeral
. Von Voi'elt followed hini with his whole corps,
."-The'eneniv's division Riccard, which:ga tided
the Rhine front Mentz to Coblentz, endeavoured
to maintain the town of Sinimern on the Hands-
rock : bin:Colonel marched in that direc-
tion, blew up the gate in the ni'ght,.and took
the town by main force, making 200 prisoners.
" General Baron Sackett assembled his troops

at Manheim, wheretheettenn opposite the Necker'
had a strong palisaded fortification,_with 4 cannou
and two howitzers,- Generals Sass and Taliesen
crossed over in boats, and took the entrench-
ments by storm. On" this occasion the Comman-.
dant, 7 officers. 300 privates, and one piece of-
cannon, were taken-;.cur loss in Kilied and wound-
ed-being about2oo, though that of the enemy Was
much greater..
" General Sicken marched -with'his corps up-.
on.Prankenthal and Worms.. The Pruisian Ge-
neral Prince Piron of Courland was, sent: by him
to open, through Alzey, the communication with
the corps of Yorck and-Langeron. . Be found the
enemy in Aizey, threw him into .disorder, and
took one Lieut. Colonel, 5 officers, 100 pen, and
one ammunition-waggon. At the same time,
Major-General Karpoff had a cavalry affair at Mu t-
terstadt, in which eight squadrons of ,the enemy
were dispersed and cut to pieces, and three Lieu-
tenant-Colonels, 22 officers, and 198 privates,
taken.

" On the 3d of January, Count Langeron en-
tered Bingen, and drove the enemy with consider-
able loss towards Metz ; Lieut. Gem Olsus:ew
being wounded on this occasion by a musket-ball,
though not dangerously.
" Thns the enemy, in three days, have lost 13

c. ;• and more than 1500 men: The Silesian
army, on the 4th of January, possessed the coun-
try between the Moselle ana Manheim ; the city
of Mentz is hiready cut off from France, and the
enemy's troops are every where rapidly retiring to
the Saar.

" Every where were the Allied troops • receiv-
ed with the Brea est joy. .The German inhabi-
tants of the.left bank of the Rhine have not be-
come degenerate through a ninteen years slavery,
but every where display true German sentiments
and wishes.

" Tlie Douaniers, all Frenchmen, have every
where fled ; had the Field Marshal has already
!'ernOred the unnatural prohibitions of commer-
cial intercwirSe with the right 'bank, to the joy
of the inhabitants.

" On the 3d preparations were already made'
to pass the Riil:te at Dusseldorf, and Bonn was
already taken on the 2d of January."
We every MOlliellt expect here Lord Castle
reagh. llis brother, Gen'eral Stewart, yesterday
pased through here. from the head-quarters of
the CrOwn 17)rince of Sweden', whom he left on
the Ist of January, to proceed to his Majesty the
Emperor.--7-To-day -a considerable transport of
French prisoners passed through here.
DoRT, JAN. 14,—Yesterday passed through.
here, as a courier, an officer from General l3ulow's
army, on his way to the Hague; with.the ac-
counts' of the successes which have been obtained.
A deserter, 'who yesterday arrived here froth Gor-
earn, reports, that in that fortress 150 men of the
national guards belonging to what was ealled.the
regiment of the,Tex.el, and mostly Friezelandets,
had been disarmed. A great number of the gar-
rison were sick, and a great wantof many neces-
saries prevailed. Two other deserters, who have
come from Lisle, repOrt, that orders hall been is-
sued there for a general arming of all males, mar-
ried and unmarried, from 18 to 43, bUt that the
people had, with one accord, refuSed to obey
them.

EDAM, JAN. B.—Yesterday the drawing took
place of the Laud Militia, when. the youths with-
in the ages required, expressed their readiness to
comply with the orders of their Prince, and to
secure, by their services, the perpetual exclusion
of the irreconcileable• enemy. A very different
scene appeared on this occasion from that which
was presented when the Conscription'Law was
put in force ; all then was frigidity and reluctance,
all now is ardour and promptitude.
Whtssp, JAN. 9.—The inhabitants of this town,
who have suffered the violent outrages of the gar-
riSon of Naarden, on the happy change of affairs,
are all coining forward to reply to the call of our
Sovereign Prince. The torn] has offered complete
harness for the" artillery. A subscription has been
opened, and 3684 guilders have been procured for
the public coffers. In addition, 14 young men
have enrolled themselves for the defence, of the
State.

BREmEic;.Txx. Ileinrick Bose, one of
our inost'respeetable burghers, has paid and cloth-
ed, at his
,own expense, seventy-five yal;ers to
serve against France.

TRANSLATION -OF' A PAPER,

SECRETLY CIICCULATED' IN THE SOUTH OF FRANCE.

LETTER. TO XIII. ,E1)ITOR orrnt: JOUTO:AL CgmmllE.
" following is an address of the
French people to the Emperor Napoleon, which
is not. much known, although it is of a naiveté so

striking that.it must niakc the most sensible ini-
prenion upon the grett Emperor. If you 11-11
have the goodness to insert it in the Journal de
l'Empire, you will oblige more than one redder;
and above all

Your's, &c.

" AGNISS-DOUCET:"

ADDRESS OF THE FRENCH Pr':OPLE TO THE
EMPEROR NAPOLEON.

S.trtE,—The different authorities which have
harangued you in the ,name of the nmnerous
people whose felicity your beneficent genius se-
cures, have not fulfilled to our satisfaction the
great duty which was imposed upon thent. 'Their
eloquence has been feeble , they have plunged in-
td the common places of a vulgar adulation. They
have compared you to gecat men, whereas there is
nothing of humanity in you : to Cesar, while
your prudence, worthy companion of your heroic
temerity, has constrained Thu to play the part of
Pharnaces.

What, compared to you, Sire ! are those .great
men so boasted in history ? Alexander, Caesar,
Charlemagne, Gustavus Adolphus; Charles XII.,
Pour the Great,-Frederick, your pretended models,
had some brilliant virtues which distinguished
them from the ordinary race of Sovereigns and
(ienerals but they wcre,enthusiasts who, by a
tiise point of honour, would have sacrificed them-
selves at the head of their arini.es, in endeavouring
to have saved theM. Inimitable Napoleon Iva)

alone capable of making is a(1141?e a specie, of
heroism wholly opposite.
Stich was the -text of the eulogies which should
, have been chosen by those. Orators who were
charged to lay at the foot of
your Majesty's ho-
movable throne, in the name of all Europe, and
of posterity, the tribute of admiration from our
age and all future ages. Fur these they have
substituted trivial adulationi, which plate you in
the class of ordinary heroes, to whom you Cannot
be compared without injustice. .These Orators,
instead of displaying their compliments with 'the
amplification of enthusiasm, ex-pi-es-Jed, by the
grimace of their countenances, feelings of terror,
confusion, perplexity, which have displeased your
Imperial Majesty, as we remark by the severity
of your looks; and the dryness of your replies.
in a moment of general exultation, those ora-
tors hazarded the gloomy idea of the possibility
of your death. That intimation, Sire, has alarm-
ed us. In truth, as one of those orators has ex-
cellentiv expressed it, in excusing the awkward-
ness-of jiis colleagues, - " the King never
In truth, royalty always exists, so long as there
exists a branch -of the legitimate race. Jturge,
then, yourself, how firm your throne ought to be ;
ai'd how exempt yourself from all distinietude upon
this 4Ubjedt, without the useless repetition of that
public axiom, on the part of the orators and the
authoritieS; whose aneVent versatility renders them
too much suspected to be the true urgallS of your
faithful subjects.
We excuse this mai-address, inasmuch as it
twill prOcure us an ifogost Cle, at which we shall
devote ourselves to the St'll, as we have already
.devoted ourselves to the Father. Your prolonod
policy, :111(1 natural hen;:volence, impose on you'
a law to give the people their bread and ,shows...
We begin immediately toenjoy th^ shows, wait-
ing for the bread %dill a blind confidence. "
Some pusillanimous families, making at most
the half of our population, trembling for the lot
of your invincible army, or regretting their sons,
brothers, lovers, husbands, Will conceal their
crindual_ grief,- which would too mucleshock our,
boisterous joy. We hope, Sire ! that your
clemency will pardon their shamefolipusillanimity ;
and that you :will not inflict on them thoSe punish-
ments ‘vhich your justice would hurl upon the
guilty, if it were net:temPered by the most ex- •
trerne gentleness.

. , .
Scitne ill-intentioned persons endeavour to per-
s&ade- us, that the moment is ill cbOsen•for a fete;
that we s;luuld have waited for the arrival of a
Bulletin, as true, and less mournful, than the pre-
ceding one, which should inform us 'definitively
in what state and condition was our ever-victori-;
ous.army...:.Our response to:these. malicious- su7
phisms is slluple.•
We. have tempered our souls to the same degree
of hardness as the triple bronze which envelopes
your own. We have wade the sacrifice•of 450,000

. .
heroes, who in three months have gained twenty
victories
.111)(16. you. They have done their duty.
the terrors of the teeble sex, and the delusive rho-
domontades of our enemies, exaggerate our losses
in vain. We know positively, that at the eno of
December theßussians had in their hands 170,,000
prisoners, of whom 41 are 0-smerals, and 1200
Officers. These are still alive. You gill go to
deliver'them, and witl bring them back triumph-
ant ; dragging also your.chains those barba-
rous Cossacks, who being no longer the objects•
pf our fear, will serve to amuse our curiosity dur-
ing the triumphant fetes that shall attest the. com-
plete submission of the vast Russian empire,
which, mistaking your philanthropic views, has
rgarded a war of SIMPLE POLICY as a war of de-
vastation, and has completed its blind obstinacy,
by exhausting your clemency, which you Glad car-
ried to such a point as to refuse them the light
and happiness of that liberty which we enjoy, for
fear of arming them one against the other.
Be assured, Sire ! that nothing can equal our
sentiments towards you. We shalt enjoy the
fetes which you are preparing for us, with the in-
nocent simplicity which characterises all. your
faithful subjec4. We have no country but -you:
The Great Napoleon is our*Moses—our Mahomet

—our Mango Capac. You have lost 400,090
men. Fear not, .that, imitating the example of
the Weak Augustus, we should exclaim—VAxus,
GIVE US BACK OUR LEGIONS ! On the contrary,
give the order, and we will doubler-we will
triple those happy victims Of, your glory. Take
our children, ourselves, our property : is
yours. Finish your glorious work. Do not CODT,
tent yourself with till: two wars which you sup-
port with so much glory and success, at a thou
sand leagues distance one from the other, at the
two extremities of your -empire—immovable,
cause it is founded upon love ansladmiration, par-
ticularly since your last triumphs.
Send 150,000 men into- Spaiu, to chastise the -
brigands of that obstinate Peninsula and to throw
their• perfidious Allies into the sea. ,

Send 300,000 mcn into Turkey,", to punish the
feeble Sultan for the peace he hai made, and to
drive him from Europe:
Send 20 ships of the line, and 50,000 -.men into
Sicily, to chase from thence the odious .I.3Jurbons
and the ,English..

Send 5J vessels, and 100,000 men, to the sup-
port of the United States.

Send the same number of ships and men to
secure to you the two• Spanish Americas, which

adore,voo.

Semi, into the Baltic 50 vessels,. to destroy
there the Russian, Swedish, and English Navies.
Let that saute squadron carry also 100,000 land
to conquer Sweden, and 'chase from.
thence that Bernadotte Who dares to brave you.,
Leave in your owu'ports of 50 vessels,
‘v;th' numerous flotillas ; and place along. the
•coasts 150,000onten, all ready to invade England.
These diversions, worthy of yourhigh concep-
tions, and . proportioned to your inealcuglable
power, only require 950,000 men, and 250 ships
of the line; when these are once arranged with
the prudence that characterizes all your political
and military plans, then march yourself at the
head of 600,000 men to recover Poland and 60n..
quer Russia. 'We Nvill keep for you all equal num-
ber in reserve, for you have already proved to us,
that 450,000 veterans are nut sufficient to subdue

those barbarians., Most assuredly, *ire, with two
millions of soldiers, and 250 ships of the line, you
will suneed, by the sole force of your'genius, in
the comp,est of the universe, and, hi shueing ur

By Dutch Papers .to Saturday last, in our pre-,
ceding columns, the important fact of a serious
action having been fought near.l3reda, which we
yesterday announced on the 'authority of passen-
gers arrived at Harwich-in a schuyt from Scheve-
ling,, is confirmed to' the fullest extent. • This
}attle, for the details of which we anxiously
look, Was, it seems, brought on by the Bri-
tish, who formed the right wing of the .Al-
lied, Army, and commenced about 7, o'clock in
the morning of the I lth. It had been . the
intention of General But.ctw and Sir T. GRAHAM
to make a. general attack upon the enemy's posi-
tions on the fditowing• day, but DuCAEN, who dom.-,
manded the French, to the number of at least
20,000 men, collected from all sides 'and concert,
trated. for the protection of AnrW'erp, ha-Ving
pushed his left wing further forward than avaS
convenient to our British Heroes, the contest began
on this quarter,,Which led to an engagement ail along
the line, and the discomfiture of the foe. , The
centre consisting of 10,000 Prussians under the
immediate command of BuLow, speedily advanc-
ed , •
to the aid of their British Comrades, anti their
left (of the same description of force) beingsue-
Cessively brought into action, an engagement, de-
scribed as very obstinate and sanguinary ensued
The Enemy defended himself courageously, but
what could resist Britisli vale urand Prussia n tuthu-
sialm ? The French were beat at all points, and
forced to a precipitate retreat, with the loss of
800 prisoners, and of 12 or 14 pieces of 'cannon,
by the latest accounts from •the field ; but to
which loss we doubt not we shall have great ad-
ditions to make, when the complete results come
to us in an official form., The pursuit followed
the high road from Breda. to Antwerp„which is
only 25 miles from Breda. Hoegstraten and Wrest
Wesel (both in Austrian Brabant, and about
tniclAistance bet Ween these places,) have been oc-
cupied by the Allies, 'and at Loenhout, also within
the confines of the Austrian territory, and nearer
Ito Antwerp than to 'Breda, have been established.
the head-quarters of the Conquerors. Those were
the first fruits of the victory of the I lth, but we
have every reason to believe, that the onward
career of the Allies.has far exceeded this success,
and that they have approached within gun-shot.
of Antwerp itself, after again beating the enemy at
Braschaet, ahoutJs rules frtimThat City. Trete the
French, sheltered by fortifications thrown up on the
Lleatli of Braschaet, endeavoured to make a stand;
but according to letters from Holland were assaulted
intheir position, and forced to fly into An twerp with
considerable loss. In consequence of this, our
brave- fellows took possession of Donck, four
miles, and of Mecexem, not three lniles from
AntWerp, the picquets approaching to the very
walls. When we add to this that gredt reinforce=
ments arc hourly joining the' Allied Army,:l
which must, when brought together, amount to 1
50,000 firelocks ; that the people of Antwerp arc
notoriously disaffected to their Freacli defenders ;
and that it would require a small army barely to
man its extensive walls ; it will 110,i be thought too
sanguine to anticipate, in spite of its formidable
works, the speedy reduction (and we trust demo-
lition) of this most important naval depot.

Among our Foreign Extracts, will be found the
Eleventh Report of the Silesian Army, detailing
the first successes which have attended its move-
ments on the left hank of the Rhine. These, like

(1.
all the operntions under Marshal 131..i/ctig
" Pus H CAN for that is a 'mere literal tr°ll'..,
tion of the natne his soldiers have g o
iven t-t
the word 'FonwAnn," which we 'tendert
our extracts fro:; Gerthart Papers) evince`t'
•
utmost ,promptit,7.e .and vigour. Meats,
mentioned on S turday,-. has been completely'
sulated, and already the greater part of the Of:
tory between the .11.dosellt. mld Rhine, front 'ill
tb
conflux south to Kreutsnath, iyccupien "
Allied Corps) who bad in their marches taken
prisoners and 1,3 pieces of cannon. We have tul,,
tisfaction to ad,.l, that in the direction of Lol'evl,'
a division of our frier.ds had pressed folly:0'14f
wards the interior of France ; and that-t 3
ifee
(according to creditable report) the ancient
tion borne by this loyal city for their - lawfto • g sti,
bad begun to be manifested in a way not t°
misunderstood or resisted by the vile
of the Usurper. May this rohle city, whicb,°,t
the last to lay down its allegiance, be the {lt
return to it, by openly espousing the 130`if.
Cause, and hoisting the National Flag

,%re observe with pain; that a consider:o;le°'
apprehension has been excited with
Gen. Ihtrcunit's Proclamations yin THE stis
yesterday. It is evident, in the first to bis 6;
Biers, he speaks of the whole French Nation ly
t !luny of " nineteen gears," rand the fre!
Nation must in war be slowed as entire
101
inseparably connected with Be oNAPAnTE,
as it continues to furnish him with men. Tlll'rt
though the politician might desire to dra‘v
Of distinction between the People 'and thc
per, it is abstird to look to the CoratulaßL
fru
the same nicety in separating the Soldier'
their General. The Second Address
Frenatmen, but to the Germans who inh;'-'
r
left bank of the Rhine, and a simple refere":l„
this fact will do away every objection tll5
been or can be urged against it.

We request the attention of our Retuici."s to,
excellent letter, which- occupies our third
anti will make them better acquainted tb49i,
therto with that 'extraordinary race of 01°
Centaurs---4LIE ChSSACKS. •

•
Vlre insert a singular letter, said to hC
kited in the Smith of France. It is keen acid'
castie, bet periwps too refined for popular er';
jlowzver it may be rer.sbed by the better

- imi
M
, This being hex MAJESTY'S idi-day-191y oft
and Tower b fruns have been fired in honOr h
occasion. Long may may she live to witness tile 01
piness,of a People in the close of that aosr,i'Gt-
i.aiii
reign of which she has been the distinglll-
and .honoured Partner !

- • te
Yesterday the Duke YORK transac.Jl
Lary business with the PRINCE REGENT for
sideiable time. tk
Lieut. FRANCIS DUVAI. arrived y'e#-,tero-, o;
FOreiln Office, from Geneva; with die:et
containing an account of the favourable
ings in that city.
JO)
The report now current in the higher Cif-f
"French emigrants is, that all the'Prinees °/',O)
House, of BotJaßoN, except his Majesty,
XVIII. will soon set out for the head-it-139
the Allied Armies. It is added,we know not bV "4)
that a Note, written by Prince ALETTSIL;or
gives the sanction of the Emperor of Atlsl).
thipt proceeding. l!
It is said to be certainly the intentic .011'
Emperor of Russt4 to visit London, the tt
course depending upon the, state of the
Intelligence front Paris to the 13th, and illjej
coast to the 15th of this month has been I'?
At the former there-was great alarm, vcbic,:fi:
principally owing to the total obstructioo lee
intercourse between ,the capital and the
ments., It was, however, known, that t 41,110,
sa,:ks had made their appearance withio
of Paris. The opinion was, that no
tion would be hazarded 4411 the Allied'
until the latter should approach the dc,l•
sive plain 'by tvhich ,Paris is surrounrto,'n
It ASPa• also known that at sY"-a
of commotion had been manifestel,
all the energy of the Prefect was incowliel4 (",
repress them. This Littel' 'circumstance I
iirmed by letters yesterday rec'eived
saline, dated the 2zltit tift., in which, Site. er
complai,nts of the hiconverienCe oCCa,'
that town by the quai.tering of the Ailie`Vo`
it is added, Chat they,shoiill 'get rid
the mori•ocf, as they wet.c to ha of ,ort
Lyons, where they would ;..e
By adviCes .frO4n Bask anti a neigl"tiiily (ri:'!,l
place, which arc :;f the same date as the Pr'iti
letters fro:a Lansaw-le, we find the s":l,lofigi,
French plpers, of the contribution lesn,'o:c'
Swiss in Bash, is whOty a fabrication o
risianeditors, or their employers. -1,04:1
We learn front Spain, that the Catakil IC°
had, entirely broken v,,,and was in
join Lord WEEEI? GToN, ill .2rance
in couSennence Suct,ET., :u•ntV hacir"
broken. up, and left Spain for France. (.;41','
de r '
An official account from the army till- 60'''
ral WREDE, st ites th,lt f;',:utenUnt Oar" lie,
st
had advanced on the ro3d towards Litme`4,ich
defeated a prty of I.'`rench troops
fell `n at Loire.
The General of c:srilry, Baron FilF-14°;'4-I;ril'f
•
to be made on the 31st of December,prir,
recommoisance on St. Croix. A itiowber „,(1.4/
en and 'Hoses were tar:.'.:frog,.l. the er)"'"'.
