The entrance lobby for the Duke was ornamented with ing)---vvho had surpassed Marlborough in the field, who
shields and flags crossed. has surpassed Sir William Temple in negotiation—who
_ Over the doorways in the sides of the building, and be- stands—who stands in an equal place—a higher there
tween the Lord Warden's arms placed there, were hung is none—as a statesman with the illustrious head of his
shields and other weapons, forming splendid trophies. noble house—the greatest statesman of the age which he
The retiring
•
room of his Grace which was not oen to adorns ?---( Great applause.) When I said that I had to
the ogle,, .
tail' is furnished with ma which
•1 gni cent gi t chairs and pronounce but a single name and my task was done, I
City of
on the occasion of the Queen's late visit to the may be asked why, having enlarged a little further upon
y of London, also lent by Mr. Rogers. this fruitful and inexhaustible topic, I still persevere and
The general effect produced by the whole of these
arrangements go on? My answer is, there is a pleasing satisfaction to
the mind in reflecting upon all these great merits, and be-
ems was extremely brilliant, and displayed great
cause I feel that there is at this moment but one indi-
a,,_`.c_a_lad skill. The chair on this occasion was filled by
vidual of the vast and countless multitude whom I am
'',.r Walker, the Mayor of Romney and Speaker of the
....Inoue Ports.' addressing to whom it is not grateful for me to persist
five
-. The dinner was appointed to take place at
upon these topics—(Cheers)—and I willingly run the
o'clock, and the illustrious Duke, with his accustomed
risk, or rather encounter the certainty of giving that indi-
r
punctuality, arrived shortly before that time. On his en-
regress through the densely crowded vidual uneasiness, than avoid going on, when I know that
arance, and •n his"ernhlY. he was received with the most enthusiastic and
my remarks will be grateful to all others.—(Cheers,) I
-
no less desire to linger a little longer—dwelling upon so
rapturous cheering. His Grace looked well, and was evi-
marvellous a subject. Shall I then go back to former
Amoy touched by the cordial warmth of his reception.
ages and ask whether any comparison of his victories is to
mongst the more distinguished personages who were pre-
sent be made with those of Julius Caesar, who equalled him,
Marquis to testify their respect to their noble guest, were the
and surpassed him only in one particular, and that the
Hock,
of Bute, the Earl of Cardigan, the Earl of Breck-
worthless accomplishment of practised oratory ? But Julius
ford,
Yisedount Loftus, Lord F. Somerset, Viscount Strang-
Csesar led the disciplined armies of Rome through the
hitil4,l'
Lord Sondes, Viscount Canterbury, Viscount. Mars-
hrou Maryborough, Lord Wharncliffe, Lord almost resistless medium of savages, without
.knowledge,
without discipline, without rule, without art, ill com-
gham, Lord Lyndhurst, Lord Forester, the Honour-
able and Rev. Neville, the Honourable C. Arbuth- mended, and worse equipped—he led those Roman legions
I.:-!., Sir Frederick Pollock, Honourable Colonel wing- almost as a boat cuts the wave, or as an eagle cleaves the
field, Honourable Colonel Spencer, Sir Francis Burdett, air.—(Cheers.) It was only after he had brought them
S-,ir A. Murray, Sir W. Curteis, Sir Wm. Young, Mr. back in triumph, and inured them to war in many centetnid-
_lumptre, Sir Edward Knatchbull, General Sir Edward tions, that be for the first time met a disciplined force, and
Paget, the High Sheriff of the county, Captain Bolder°, crossed that river which all the confidence of all the armies
Mr. Rushbroeke, Mr. Justice Williams'f the world would never have tempted our illustrious
wood, Sir T. Aeland, S.r J. Croft,
Reid, Mr. Rice, iSaTe3'.J. Sirß jßeiHd7ll°l3r.... .
M.P., Mr. Bonham and Mr. Palmer chief to dream of' crossing, I mean the Rubicon, which
Previous to the dinner, which consisted of a• handsome• separates the. obedient, the peaceful, and the loyal citizen
cold collatioa, grace was said b • th,e,
"Non
Mr. Mauls. from the traitor to his country.—(Great cheering.) Shall
present,
rneosbeins
t, , Domino"
amongst
When the cloth was removed
sung by the professional gentlemen to be dismissed, with the greatest of all captains of anti-
waswhom were Mr. Broadhurst, Mr. Hobbe, Mr. Fit zwill ouity I mean the Carthaginian leader, whose great
• .. .
whose consummate talents were stunted and
Mr. Hawkins, &c. iams,
Is
ho was
Burinoc cug,
ti b .e_.
• abilities,
st fled by the base undergrowth of all the most abominable
The gallery appropriated to the musicians aea vices that could degrade and defeat the holiest of
by the band of the 11th Light Dragoons,
festival performed several favourite airs. causes ? Or shall it be made with the greatest chief,
next to him, of modern warrriors ? But he (Napoleon)
The CHAIRMAN, on the sound of the trumpet, commanded, and did not conflict with the armies of
proposed " The Queen 1 a long and happy lifeto roseht and
and France. He commanded, and dia not meet in battle his
may she ever reign in the hearts of her people," .r,s' disciplined marshals, whilst our chief, after defeating those
of "Bravo !")
The toast was drunk with great enthusiasm. throwing Napoleon himself.—(Tumultuous cheering.)
" God save the Queen," with a chorus of the ore striking truth, and one more
But it is a truth—a m
sernbiy_ whole as
useful fallpublic purposes, to contemplate that there is
or
The .Marquis of Bt • another and a vaster difference that separates these chiefs
that •
Nobleman, ancient days and other countries, by an impassible
in the absence of the venerable and most excellent from its. They were conquerors influenced with the thirst
Lord Camden (the Lord Lieutenant of the of ambition—they, spilled rivers of blood to attain their
evroeuhty), he had the honour of proposing a toast which he guilty ends—they were tyrants, and nothing could satiate
0_ 11 knew would be received by the company with aft cling their ambition at home but the slavery of their fellaw-crea-
cf
eaffectionate respect very nearly allied to that with which t res as nothing could content them abroad but the pur-
h y had just received the health of her Majesty the u'f' conquest and the destruction of their kind. Our
Queen.—(Cheers. ) He ventured to say that there was suiteof has never drawn his sword but in a defensive war,
no country in the world where so general, su true, and so cwhich. alone, of all warfare, is not a great crime.—
well understood an attachment towards monarchial govern- (Cheers.) He has never drawn his sword against the li-
mert prevailed as prevailed in this country. But he would berty of any people—( Cheers)—but he has constantly un-
say further that this feeling of attachment existed not sheathed it, and blessed be God, has triumphantly un-
merely f.ir the abstract race of Kings, but was allied— sheathed it, to secure the liberty of all—the servant et his
nay, he would use a stronger ward—was associated with Prince to command his troops, but the soldier and dc-
the illustrious family which had for so many ages inherited fender of his country; the enemy of her enemies, be they
the crown of these realms.—( Cheers.) He had, therefore, foreign or he they domestic—(Cheers)—the fast friend of
to apologize to the company for having uttered one word the rights of his fellow-citizens, and the champion of their
in introducing to them the health of the Royal Family of lawful Constitution.—( Loud and long continued cheering. )
this country. Yet he must be allowed to add a single sen- The tempest which ercwhile resounded all over the world,
tense in proposing the hams of the illustrious lady who is now, thanks to him, hushed ; the shock which made all
was dear to the country, not only as the widow of our re- the thrones of Europe to quake, and the horns of the altar
vered King—(Great cheering)—but whose name was en- themselves to tremble, has now, thanks to him, expended
titled to our esteem and regard by the long and well-known, its force.—( Cheers.) We may, thanks to him, expect
yet the unassuming exercise of those domestic virtues, and to pass the residue of our days without that turmoil of
thoseal best charities in social life, which he believed would war in which our youth has been:spent ; but if ever the ma-
tuwouays Bhe
regarded by the manly, the loyal, and the vir- terials of some fell explosion should once more be collected
peopleßritish of this nation as the highest honour of the in any quarter of the world ; if the hushed tempest should
. Crown._( Loud cheers.) He had the honour of • ' break loose from its cave ; if the shock which
proposing " The Health of the Queen ever again
rest of the Royal Family." Dowager, and the is not felt now' should once more make our institutions
The toast was received with enthusiasm to quiver, happy this nation to know to what wise
Glee—" Health to Queen Adelaide." • counsels to look—happy the Sovereign who has at
Lord Wit ARNCLIFFE had been requested give is her command the right arm that has carried in triumph
to the next thunder all over the globe.—(Cheers. )
toast, and it afforded him the highest pleasure the English
to meet soyetagainconfide, their
the people who may
assembly on that occas'
magnificent an ion.—(Cheers.) 'The} Ha H. 'PH .
ey 4 that is a trust which he would spurn from
were assembled to do honour to his Noble and Illustrious liberties, .or
Friend the Lord Ward,. n of the Cinque Ports, and he i°
him with indignation—but n but who could confide in his match-
(Lord Wharncliffe) was bound to come from a distant
part less valour for their safety against all the perils which
of the country to assist in such a festival.—(Cheers.) Tho Providence may yet have in store for them.—( Loud
You of the Cinque Ports stand at the ad-
toast he was about to propose had reference to the Arch- cheering.)
if' that danger should ever occur
bishop of the Diocese, and in mentioning the name of that ad-
vanced post of danger,
em , if he dare to defile our
Most Reverend Prelate, he was quite confident that the through your lives the en
)Our bodies I know he will
whole of that Assembly would agree with him in thinking ores, roust pass, and over y .
ards the heart of the
that the toast should be drunk with enthusiasm, and with walk should he pursue his career tow
placed the command,
respect which was due
the feeling of veneration and to that realm. But under whom have you
and who is face to face to the peril ?
eminent divine.—( Cheers.) It must be gratifying to
them
he whom we oppose.
to
• nt situation, who joined with some
(Cheers.) As gallant ship which is destined.
all to see a person in his eminent .
the most unaffected piety a spirit ot• tolerance to all his cons ey the thunder of England against any hostile line has
in life Wright planted on its prow the image ut Nelson or of Jervis, but
fellow-countrymen, whatever their
schar
situationacterisede him es only to remind their descendants of their great feats in
be, or whatever their creed, such a
d a Christian arms, and to stimulate them in their exertions, whereby
at once the friend of liberal opinion, an
• such feats may be imitated ;so have you not the lit: less
( Hear, hear, hear.) But beyond this the .Most..Reverendi image but the live, g warrior—the conqueror of a
Prelate had another merit, for to the qualities .he ol
mentioned he oined the merit of temper and
.decis.:on in
a degree whictu enabled him to fill his high situation at
once with credit to himself and advantage to his country.
(Cheers.) He ( Lord Wharneliffe) would not detain
them longer, well knowing how impatient they must be hundred battles—lN II 0 here in the outermost point
of the island would be prepared in the ad-
vanced post to undertake the command, to lead you
against all enemies —to encouraue his country to reader
his Sovereign secure—to make thee independence of Eng-
land perpetual, and to hurl dismay anion-, all ranks of the
to come to that which was the main object of the meet- land trooPs of our enemies, as the cannon 6 under the image
ing•—(Loud cheers.) He woulil, therefore sit down with of Nelson or Jervis, hurled defimce and destruction
proposing " The health of the Arehbiihop of Canterbury, against their ci et;.-_( cheers.,
and the Clergy ofthe
with great applause.
Diocese." The toast was received which God forbid I should
ever live
of, or fell occasion for—then would be '
Cheers.) Then would be seen,
to see the necessity
seen that which is
The Rev. Mr. BAYLEY returned thanks.
Trio and chorus, " Sound the loud timbrel."
Loud BROUGHA M thencheeri rose amidst the most tumultuous needless, that which is superflao Wl-
furth a veteran warrior to add one bright
the history of his imperishable renown.—
Lord s it down
bean cast
and said—l rise to ,erform the duty which .11 Learned . us— el ington coming
page more to
(The Noble and
amidst the most deafening cheers )
caet upon, and to e • 'iieh I feel my I The Duke of WELLINGTON rose amidst
fellow citizens ave bestowednyt
tile honnocur waids
although _ 1 the most *Tabu-
! ', siastic eppleuse, which lasted for several minutes. When it
am well aware that upon such at onecasio; n as that of this I had in some degree subsided, his Grace proceeded very
