[PRIVATE LETTERS.]

" FALMOUTH-, MAY commenced here
at eleveit o'cll;ck last night, which has consumed all
Narkei-street, 'iota Mr. Cadenhead's, next to the
tavern, to- Lcrnont and • Sinninees' house -(Mr.
Higivdtt's), on the west side,-and Irvin Mr. Moody's
house all along to the wharf, on the east side, be-
sides =ay !rouses in the adjoining streets;, so you
may suppose the mercantile people 'are the most se-
vere sufferers soine however,- are insured. TI
melancholy scene is distres,ing-beyonU measure;
every nectssary of life must be in deniand, and
scarcely to be had, which, added to the-present dis-
iressing times, puts us in a Situation by no means
euviat;le.

" From what 7 can learn,, the cause of the fire
was the careless 'manner in winch some ashes from
an oven were thrown out at Francis Lyon's house.
" The Post Office is burnt—my loss is 1501;
" D. P. M."

" FALmouTH, MAY 25, tBoB.—l have just ar-
rived in time to' ivitnesss the' destruetion'.-of two-
thirds of this toi.vn by fire; it broke out last night
irt a Jew's grog:-shop,, next to Charles Calppbell's
Store, which' is burned to the ground, together with
all the hOuses between it and Highates, on both
aideS Of the main-street : Mr. Christie's house, acid'
all between it and the tavern are in ashes. The
fames were so rapid that. little property has been
saved. The fire extended as far as I)licenix Defi-
ciency, which has been saved ; but poor Mr. BrOWn,
the attorney at law, has lost his office, clothes, and
every paper.—

. ritLZIOyT.II, WEDNESDAY, J O O'CLOCK,
It is with extreme concern I to i'nforto yob of
the melancholy accident that happened here about
eleven O'ClOck last night : two thirds of ,the cown are
now in ashes'; it'has burnt froth the tavern down to
Mr. flighatt's, 'which was fortunately Saved, other-
iviseDornan's wharf thust have gobe Ming and
I3lair are saved, alio ilardisnan and Galefis. All

ferment.

THE SUN,

sw.gm QUJS DICSIAZ IVALSUM AUDI'AT

L 0 N D 0 I‘l,

WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 10, 1808.

Accounts were this morning received from Cornu-
na, down to the 4th inst, which, we are happy to

say, are of a most satisfaaory natnre. It appears

that.as soon as Marshal BEssmaxs llacl received ill-

telligence of the defeat of DPPONT, he immediately

abandoned his plans of operation, whatever they

were, and had began his retreat towards Burgos.

It was reported at Corunna that KING iOS.ENI

had already began to find his residence at Madrid

uncomfortable, and that he was preparing to leave it•
We have received the Corunna Paper Ql'the 4th
inst. from which we have made the following Ex-

lIRaS :
MADRID, JULY 27.--AtailelltiC intelligence has

reached thii City, that General DUPONT has surren-

dereJ, after the complete defeat of his army, which.

consisted of 20,000 men, on the 21st of this month,

between Baylen and Andujar, in Andalusia. His

troops had committed the greatest
.p.utrogc4, ;a every

place which theyhadientered. The. .?renCh, Army

were delivered up as prisoners to, the disposal of the

Junta of Seville. The. -attacks: which were made

upon his army lasted liotn the in flz'e thorn-

General MONCEY, who w;s in Valencia with a

division of 13,000 men, has retired hither with the

small remains of. his .Araiy. The Arragoilese are

defending themselves with the utmost '.liravety

against the 'attack's of the French. The Troops
of Valencia; which it is, said are coming to be-

siege this City, and rescue us from s!avely,

Amount to about 43;000 men ; those of Andalusia,_

to 50,000 ; those of Estremadura, to 20,000 ; and

of Murcia,' to 20,000. A part of thera have al-

ready arrived within eight or nine leagues of this
City. II:: populace. are in a state of the unno.st

MANZANUAL, JULY 30.-=-We have no tneivs. The
Head-quarters have not been• removed froM hence.

Tie Enemy are in possession of Leon. Our Gene-

ral is indefatigable in his exertions to re-:organize
and discipline the army. Genera) Ct3zsTA is at Sa-

. .
la&nanca, where he is also a.;:tively employed in djs-

ciplining his troops.

CORUNNA, Atro. 3.—The British Man of War

the Tunant, of 8o guns,'-with Admiral De Counci

on board, has entered this Pori : he was re-

ceived with repeated discharges of artilN2ry.—
We learn frotn the Officers of this ship, that there

are EipeditionS fitting out for the assistance of

Spain in 'the ditre.rent. ports of Great Britain. All

the individuals of that generous nation, as 'well

as the noble 'Portuguese who %ere here, expressed

the most enthusiastic joy when the ne*s ariiv6d

of the glorious vi,Aory obtained by Gen. CASTANOS
over DUPONT.

Another• Fleet of. Transports, with Troops on
board, sailed yesterday from Portsmouth for Portu-
gal, under convoy of the Eurydice aucl Decade
Frigates.

THE expetiations of most people seem at present
to anticipate a speedy rupture between Austria and
France, and the conduct of the former, for some.
time past, 'strongly indicates the probability of such
au event. We hated, a day or two ago, from an
authority upon which we confidently rely, that the
Austrian army is upon the best footing, and that the
disposition of the troops is highly loyal and patriotic.
They are fully sensible of the ambition and-rapacity
of BuONAPARTE, and they are heartily inclined to
consider every insult offered to their.Monarch' as•an
insult to their country and th;anselves. BUo NA-
I'AKTE'S views respecting Trieste and Fiume hive
been long known, • and they have lately been ma-
nifestedmore direaly. The Emperor of .Austria,
in annexing the latter place to his Eunariaa

Dominions, has acted with equal spiritnrid
lie;. •He would not have 'ventured sipon such
a step unless he. were prepared for theorst,
'and by identifying Fiume with Hungary, a meastare,.
which the people of that country have lonedesired,,,
he bias given them new motives for opposing the
designs of the French Ruler to secure it to himself.
A circumstance lately took place, upon the truth of
which our Readers may depend, which places the
insolence of the French Government in a very con-
spicuous point of view, though, unhappily, we want
no information in that respea. When the Empe-
ror Of AusTata, had resolved to pay a visit to Hun-
gary, chiefly for the purpose, as since supposed, of
Making the cession of Fiume, the visit wa4 announced
to be of a private nature, and therefore he signified,
to the. Ambassadors from the several Countries, aR
ambled in Vienna, that he would not, trouble
to follow him, as his stay would be short.' All
Ambassadors but ANDRZOOSY paid their compliments.
to the Emperor on his departure, and readily acqui-
eicedin his wish that they should remain at Vienna
till his return. ANDREOSST, however, intimated his,
determination to follow the Emperor, and riotwlth-
standing`the repugnance which was Manifested by
the Emperor himself, and some of his Ministers,
actually traced his steps, appeared like a spy to
watch every movement, and carried his inquisi-,
tive impudence to such an excess, as to exhaust
the patience of the Emperor, and to draw on
himself a strong expression of personal disgust.—
ThiS conduCt, on the part of ANDREOSSY, Shewst
that the insolent temper of BIIONAPART. E the
rule, for all , who are employed as instrugtetts of
his designs, and strongly marks the brutir4lgarity
of a low-born UsurPer, But it shews also that one
of the chief Powers of Europe'seems resolved to set
a good example to other States, in resenting the in-
solence of that Usurper, and no longer submitting
to the demands of his rapacity. It is natural to sup-
. pose that the progress of events in S, ails will tend
to confirm these laudable feelings in the Austrian
Emperor, and have a similar influence on his Subjeas.
The treachery with which 'BUONAPARTE
,aoed to the
Royal Family of Spain, his impudent preterOollsTo"
rule over the people of that Country; .through4hiP
medium of a branch of his obscure and 4.leipkat4e,
family, and his ingratitude and tyranny towards:tfre
Head of the Roman Church; but, above all, the
glorious triumphs of Spanish valour over the vete-
ran Troops of France, must tend to rouse con-
genial feelings in every other Country, and we may
hope to see Europe rise in one common strugglis to
get rid of its Oppressor.

Monday evening the KING, QUEEN, and PRIM•
CEESES walked on Windsor Terrace, accompanied by
Ladies MURRAY and THYNNE, Generals GARTH and
FITZROY. A very genteel assemblage of company
were present.

Yesterday morning his MAJESTY, Princessep
A L
PHIA, AUGUSTA, and AMELIA, accompanied uyLa4iy
GEORGIANA MURRAY, Count MUNsTRR, 'Genei-a 4
CARTWRIGHT and FITZROY'', and Colonel TA4t.oit,
rode in Windsor Park, and returned at aelve
o'clock.

Yesterday a Cabinet Council was held at the Fo-
reign Office, at which were present hi, Grace the
Duke of PORTLAND, Ear;s of CHATRANI and CAM-
DEN, Lords MULGRAVE, CASTLEREAGH, and HAW-
KRSBURY, and Mr. CANN-ING.

Lieutenant ALT, the bearer of the dispatches, an-
nouncing the gloi ions news of the surrender ofDu-
PONT; left town last night for Falmouth, with 'Dis-
patches for Spain, with which he has orders to.pro-
ceed in his Logger, the Black Joke, to Corunua.—
Lieutenant ALT is an Officer of distingui4i'eA. Merit,
has been 28 years in the Naval service,'. and' this is
the 20111 time heshas been sent to London on Go-
vernment business.

. ,
It is somewhat curious, that, while JosEPH BUD-
NAPA RTE is promising the Freedom of the Press to
the Spaniards, the French Ambassador at St. Peters-
burgh has applied to the Russian Minister for the
suppression of a Work recently published in that
Capital, consisting of Observations on the French
Armies of former times, and particularly those of
1792, compared with those of 1803. These Ob-
servations.„ at seems, comprehended some severe re-
&diens upon the French Emperor. it is,said that
the Emperor ALEXANDER refused to suppress the
work or punish the author, and that the French Am-
bassador has threatened to leave St. Petersburgh, but
has prudently altered his mind. The author of the
wotk alluded to has now still greater scope for ob-
servation respecting the conducl of the French • at the
former period and' at the present moment.-: They ,
' were then fighting for false principles of liberty,
which, though they never could.be realized, might
find some excuse in the enthusiasm of a'people who
had broken through every, restraint of law and go-
vernment ; but they are now fighting merely to
gratify the inordinate ambition of a sanguinary and
unprincipled Tyrant and his family, and, what is
a crime a thousand times more foolish, wicked, and
infamous, they are,obliged to assist him in the hor-
rible attempt to carry slavery among a virtuous and
independent people. The signal defeat; however,
which DUPONT has experienced, and which we trust
is only a presage of what the ruffian Hordes of
France are destined to endure in all their conflicts
with the valiant Spaniards, animated as theti are by
loyalty, patriotism, and devotion, may naturally be
expected ro open the eyes of the FrenPAYldierm,
and induce them to relied whether it is*orth theirs
while to throw away their lives on so odious d
and, in support of so deiesiable a Tyrant. :
„
The fine body of Volunteers, callrd the. Craveti
3,c4ion, under the command ofLord
volunteered to geiVe hi the Local Militia. '

THE CHEVALIER DE. CORfIEO.

TO THE EDITOR.

zS a—From what I have heard,. and observed with•
to these few days, ft-would appear that some degree
bf alarm has been raised, by the movement made
by General I3ESSIEgs from gio Seco ,to
It seems to be apprehended, that, in taking this
'route, it was the intention of ,BESSIERES to enter
Pallugal, by Tra los Montes, with a view of
marching to Oporto, or of endeavouring to form
a jun6tion with the Army of JUNOT at Lisbon.
Such, at least, ate the apprehensions that have been
expressed by some Gentlemen who conversed with
me on Saturday last upon the news of the day. Tr.:'
induces me briefly to state my sentiments on tl:ii
matter, •begging leave to observe, that they are the
result of long experience and much local knowledge
Of Portugal, particularly of these provinces, having
served. in the Purtuguse army upwards of twentf
yeara.

Zamora lies nearly twenty leaguesto the eastward
of. Braganp, and. about the distance of ten leagues
4rom Miranda. It is situated •in a gat country, ill
the Kingdom of Leon, where the French cavalry and.
artillery. would be enabled to ad with great advan,
tape against the Spanish Patriots, who ':can have,
yet little experience or discipline, and conse-
quently raw in the art of war. Most probably,
therefore, this part of the country will, fora time,
be exposed to the ravages of the French, until ex'
perience teac.he3 the Spaniards that mode of warfarte.
which-is best calculated to.deleat the enemy: With'
respeti to the &sign of f3ASSIERES to enter i'ortugal
try Tra los Monies," nothing but folly or.despair catx
drive him to such an expedient ; lie would thereto!
expose himself and his troops to insurmountable (Id,
ficulties, and involve hirriself in a situation in which
he must be reduced to an injurious capitulation. •
Every military man, indeed every person who 110'
any minute knowledge of the nature of that Pro-
vince, must see how impracticable it is for that Qe‘*
neral to attempt entering Tra los Moines. ' In th*
4rst7plac, he would render- his cavalry and artillery
of no avail ; and, in the second place, he must rut)
the. hazari of a variety of. hardships; which it mai
not be in his power to oVercome.

- - .
This will appear from the following' notion of thP
1 situation of that Province. It borders on the
Kinocloin of Leon on the one side, and on the King 4.
dote of Gallicia on-the other. It is. fortifted
hand of nature, and requires for its defence only
the intrepid fesolution and exertion of the inhal-
bitants.
From Zwnora to the boundaries of Portugrd thn
roads will permit the pktssige of artillery; but as
soon as you attempt to enter ,the province Tra los
Montes, the difficulties are immense, and the earl.
riage of artillery becomesimpracticable. The roads
are nothing else than Mere paths for travellers on
horseback, and they even experience ito small in-
conveniences. At every league there are stupen-
dous and impassahle'heights, which afford a natures
'military defence against an army attempting a rega-
lar march. They tt,ould find obstruttions at ever)
step before they could penetrate into the. heart of
the province, where alone a military concentratien
. can -be formed. In endeavouring to reach that
point, they would have to trai.er,e the rinouatain.
called the Sierra (VC)uieizo, Nogoviraj;:Vinhay, an 4
Montforte de Rio. Levee ; also the rivers of Tabor,
Tudella, and Tatnega, while the mountains of canal.
bria, that run fur 5 leagues to, the north of Braganza,
would be additional obstruttioi,s to such an attempt,
.and render impossible the retreat of an invading army.
With such and so many modes of natural defence, 3
very inconsiderable force might arrest the progross of
a large army, especially as their artillery and cavalry
would be rendered useless. They would be reduced
to the use only of small arms, with which they could
never work their way to the center of the province;
and even should the inhabitants be not so successful in
checking their march so tar, it sA onld-still be retarded
by other impediments as it. advanced. It would have
to pass the heights of Moncorvo, ail along the Douro,
as far as Villa Real, and then new ditEculties would
arise in the Mountains of Marao, Albor, Baroco, and
Moritategr&, which would effettually impede zny
expedition from passing the Douro, or entering the
Province of Miiiho.

Neither could an invading army continue any time
in this, province, for they could not procure *subsist-.
ence. Means of, subsistence can only be supplied
from the villages, which in general are situated round
the summits of the m.)untains. As for detachments
attempting to forage in these villages, not a man
would ever be able to return to the main armlr.
Indeed, foraging parties could scarcely ever reach
thoie villages. They are inhabited by a hardy race,
who can sleep on the mountains, and. desCend in
numbers m the night-time by pa•ses which are fa-.
miliar to them alone; and thus destroy any such
detachments sent to. forage. Thus must, an army
moulder away A idiom subsistence, and be s,,on
re-
duced to, nothing. 'Such would be the fate of BEs-
s ER ES'S army in the short si ace .of_ three wcticiiis
though he,should have no other opposition or inve-
dimeht to encounter. • '

- To me iherefoie it would not be difficUit to point
out a regular mode of defence against any such at-
tack ; but if .1 coininunicated it to the Public, it
might find its way to the, Usurper, which would be'
wh,illy contrary to the intentions of the framer of
it, than whom no man ca❑ be more anxious for the
happy deliverance of his countrymen and friends,
from the frightful tyranny and usurpation with which-
they have been threatened.
I am, Sir, your's, &c.
CiIEVALIER I. DE CORREO,
Late Charge d'AfEures of Portugal in Sweden.
Turnham Gteen, Augult 7, 1808.

Letters of the gth ult. from St. Petersburgh state,
that a decree had just been issued, prohibiting the
departure of any ships laden with Ru4siati produce
from the ports of that country, until the blockade
of the Panic by the British and Swedes should be
raised.

Louts XVIII. does not remove from Gosfield to
his'new residence, near Aylesbury, in Buckingham-
;hire, before the Approachif.g month of Notember.
Thy house and gardens, (Or Whicli'lle is to pay 5501•
per annuni, are compiodious and pleasant ; but tho
former is hardly half furnished. ' Louts •XVIII. is
the first titular King of France .who has sei luot in
this country .sinice the year 14(34, when J u , taken
prisoner byThe Black Prince, at the tAt.tfe ot. Poic-
tiers, in 1356, died` in .I.4ouduu, at the: Palace of the
Savoy, in inn StxanCL
