:ions in the East Indies, and Is to open in return,
to Denmark, her ports in the Adriatic.
Mr. Canning. , Minister Of State, and thODucliess
of Wellingtiin, landed on inst. at Calais.'
His Royal Highness the Dnk Cambridge is ex-
pected in a few days 'at Paris.'
The 30th Soptember, a conflagration corn-
mericed at Laneuville St. Remv, near CambraY,
which threatened the, whole commune with de,.
struction. Prompt assistance,:however, stopped
its progress, and too many praises cannot be be-
stowed Oil the zeal and self-devotion of the Eng-
lish troops on that' occasion. Officers and sol-
diers only ceased their exertions when they had
mastered the element, fortunately; has
only destroyed two inconsiderable houses.
They write from Moscow, under date of the
.?flth of September, that the Commercial 134t1y
Presented to the Emperor. in an audience :which
be gave them, salt and bread on u gold plate,
which represented in has relief the entry of his
Majesty in the city. The Artisan Corps presented'
a similar offering on silver plate. The • Emperor
testified his satisfaction at the state of the posts
between the two capitals of the Empire.
VENICE. Seri', 24.--The intelligence front the
Levant has been, for some. days past, more sa-
tisfactory. Several pirates have been seized:.by
the squadron of the Pacha of Janina.
Masses and thanksgivings have been chanted in
various 'churches for the victory of the English
over the pirates.
Rome, SEPT. 18.-I,6'd .Exmouth has written
the following letter to the Holy Fattier ;

" The Queen Charlotte•, Algiers Bay, Aug. 31.
" Most' 1-loLv I'Arttett,—l have the honour to inform your
Holiness, for your satisfaction, of the success of the expedi-
tion against Algiers, confided to my command. The slavery
of Christimis h abolished for ever; and I have, in conse-
quence, the happiness of sending hack to their families 173
slaves, your subjects. I hope they will be tin agreeable pr(!-
sent tei your Iloliness, and that they will give the a eieiiu to
the etlistacy of your prayers. " EXMOITIII.." '

Loutssvitc (Wurouttgßo),
Duke .of Kent returned here front IVt►rt:bout•g
ye!qerday, to be present ht the fête on the Prince
Royal's birth-day. To-day the QUeell'S
birtl►-
tl¢y vOll be crlebrated. ,

FRENCI{ PAPERS.-(RECEIVED.THIS MORNING.;

PAat's, Oat. 7.—The King kindly received Ge
neral Donnadiest at Paris (where he arrived, bay.
ink; obtained a furlough), and expressed his'satis.
faction at his distinguished conduct iu his Com.
manihneat.

On the 19th of September the lightning struck
the clock of Sommedieue (Meuse) and threw down
the spire, it also killed a reaper, who, had im-
prudently gone under a tree, and scorched a wo-
man who was with him ; it is said the woman is
since dead.

The Electoral College of the Department o 1
Oise has named, as Deputy, the Duke of Estissat
That of Aube—Alessts..Ddlabritie, President 61
the College ; amid De Loynes.

That of the Rhone—The Count of Farques,
Mayor of Lyons; Carnille-Jordan ; De Moine-
cal ; Cotton, President of the College, an Ex-
Deputy.
That of Hoselle—Ernouf, Lieutenant. General ;
Voisin de Gartempe ; Dc Haussen, all three Ex..
Deputies ; and Ducheret.
That of the Nottl►--Beaussier-Matlton, an
Ex-Deputy ; Deforest ; and Desmoutier.
That of llle•et-Vilaine---M. Corbiere, Ex-
Deputy. •

That of Seine and Oise has named, Usquin,
Nlernber of the last Chamber ; the Marquis de'
Bizernont ; and Destouches, Prefect of the Dc-

part ment.

That of the Lower Seine—Ribard, Mayor of
Rouen; 'and Count Bcugnot, President of the
College,
In restoring the Chapel of the Bourbons in the
primatial Church of Lyons, the tomb of the Cardi-
nal de Bourbon, who died in September, 1488,
was discovered.

A most horrible murder was committed upon
the road from Besancon to Marseilles.—A travell-
ing merchant and his wife, who were going to
the latter place with a cart full of merchamlize,
were attacked by some Assassins upon the banks
of the Doub.—The heads of these unfortunate
people were separated from their bodies, which
were thrown into the river. The red tinge that
the carcasses gave to the water caused suspicion,
a search was made, and the bodies were found.--

The strictest search was made in order to discover
the perpetrators of this horrible crime, and sus=
picion falling upon a person who had quitted the
p:trish, a description of hint was published and cit..
culated, and we ate assured that be has been ar.
rested at Paris, and sent to Besaugon to he tried.
(Galignani's Messenger)

CREMONA, SEPT. 26:—The Pollee has seized
several copies of a work, entitled, te Considera-
tions upon the Actual State of the Kingdom of
Venitian Lombardy," in which the Acts of the
Government are severely judged. The author may
pass for a true demagogue.

HANOVSR, SEPT, 23.--TIE Plince Regent has
appointed Me de Bar President of the Regency or
the Province of Osnahrnck.

Sweden has concluded a Cotutnettial Treaty
kVith the United ,Mates of..tinterica. This Treaty
343 signed on the sth, of Septewber, Stock,-
