WAR-OFFICE, MARers 12.

His Highness the Infante Regent, in the name of the
King, orders that in the Corps of the army, as well on
their marches as on other occasion.% no hymn -hall be
played excetpt the Portuguese Hymn.

The Gazette de France of Saturday contains
an article from Bucharest, something similar to
that which we inserted in our Paper of Satur-
day. The Russians had not passed the Pruth
at the end of February, nor was it believed at
Bucharest that peace would be broken. The
conduct of the PORTE has become more mode-
rate, and Constantinople was quiet. We must,
however, wait for news from St. Petersburgh
before we can form any decided opinion upon
the question of peace or war. At present, our
impression is, that Russia will go to war, unless
she be induced to act otherwise by England and
France ; but we shrewdly suspect that France
and Russia have a secret understanding at this
moment with respect to Turkey, the result of
which may develope itself before long.

German Papers have been received to the 18th
inst. The expectation of peace being preserved
was entertained at Vienna on the 12th, and the
Funds rose in consequence. This belief is
founded on the circumstance that no new mea-
sures were adopted at St. Petersburgh when the
dosing of the Bosphorus was known. This
says little. It would be on the Banks of the
Pruth that Russia would act :

VIENNA, MARCH 1?..
(From a :Idercantile Letter.)
. .

In consequence of the latest accounts from St. Peters-
burgh, when the closing of the Bosphorus, the persecu-
tion of the Armenians, mad the hostile Hatti-Scheriff of
the Sultan, were known, without having led to the adop-
tion of any new measures, we again indulge in the hopes
of peace, and the funds are rising.

VIENNA, MARCIE 12.
Metliliques 90 ; Bank Shares 10291.
TRI TES ][ARCM 6.

Private letters from Corfu of the 28th of February, say
that Count Coilleminot was much surprised at not finding
either of his colleagues there. The Lord High Commis-
sioner is said to have received despatches from London,
which do not give reason to expect that the negociations at
Corfu will be soon opened. There was no news of im-
portance from the Morea. Ibrahim was still at Modon,
and the only result of the negociations with hisn was the
sending of an agent to Mehemed Ali, as Ibrahim does not
think himself authorized to leave the Morea, without
farther orders. But as he is said to have expressed a wish
to return to Egypt, it is believed that he will receive his
father's permission to do so.

STOCKHOLM, MARCH 4.
It is said that the King will open the nest Diet, at
Christiania, in person.
Itoutir ST. BERNARD, MARCH 6.
We have had a terrible day. At 10 o'clock this
morning, all of us, both monks and domestics, had to go
to meet 26 journeymen masons coming from Aoste to the
Canton de Vaud. Eleven had their feet, hands, or ears
frozen. One of them is in, such a miserable condition, that
we fear the amputation of a hand will he necessary. The
thermometer was at 14 degrees below Zero, with a very
impetuous north wind. At six in the afternoon, just when
these unfortunate persons required all our attention, some-
body knocked at our gate. It was an EnglMl gentleman
from Aoste, who had been so imprudent as to pass the
mountain without a guide. Ile was mote dead than alive,
and both his feet were frozen. The greatest attention has
been paid to him.

From the French Papers received this morn-
ing, we learn that the report of the expedition to
the Morea will not be of that extent as v is at
first imagined ; according to letters from Toulon
and Marseilles, there will only be embarked 9000
men, in which are included the artillery and two
regiments of cavalry, the commend to he given
to Marshal MARMONT, because, according to
the Convention between the Allies, the Eng-
lish troops are to be under his command, the

French squadron was under the command of Ad-
miral CODRINGTON. It apprars certain, that
the Duke Of MONTEMART is appointed Ex-
traordinary Ambassador to Russia, and he will
accompany NICHOLAS in his campaign to the
East.

By the Swallow packet, Captain II A LDOCK,
arrived at Falmouth, Papers have been received
at the North and South American Coffee House
to tha 12th Feb. She sailed from Carthagena
the 30th January, Jamaica the 12th, and
Crooked Island the 21st February :

The Courant of the Bth mentions the arrival of the
Monkey schooner, Lieutenant Hosearon, from La Guayra
and Santa Martha in five days. The Mail from Bogota had
not arrived at the date of her sailing. There was
nothing new in the interior.

His v Majesty's ship Barhaua, Captain Sir Thowas
Louis, sailed on the 9th in the morning for the Havannah,
and Nassau, New Providence. Vice-Admiral Fleming
embarked on board of her on Thursday last, to take a
cruise for the benefit of his health, which had suffered
severely from the prevailing epidemic. A dreadful fire
had taken place at Twickenham Park Estate, which
after doing an immense damage had again broken out on
the 30th January.
The fever had spread to the Wand. Nine-tenths
of the inhabitants of Kingston are stated to have been af-
fected with this debilitating disorder, which was extending
its baneful effects into the country.
At a meeting of merchants and others interested, John
Fowler, Esq., in the Chair, after some discussion the
rate of freights was fixed as follows :—Sugar ss. per cwt. ;
Coffee Gs. 6d. per ditto ; Rum 6d. per gallon ; Pimento
14. per lb. This is considered a considerable reduction,
and, the Papers add, is likely to cause some of the finest
vessels in the trade to give up continuing in it.

SUN OFFICE, Three o'clock.

We have just received the Gazette de France,
by express, dated yesterday. It contains news
one day later from the Emit, but does not con,
vey any additional information. We have only
room for a few extracts:—

Admiral RIGNY has addressed a letter to the
Legislative Body, at Egina, in answer to a depu-
tation which had been sent to him, hut we have
neither room nor time for it.

The French Funds on the 22d inst. were—
Five per Cents. 102 f. 65c. ; Three per Cents.
69f. 25c.

It is Paid in The Friend of the Charter, that a con-
siderable body of marines is to be raised for the Royal
Navy, of which Nantes is to furnish 600.

By a telegraphic despatch, dated the 6th of the month,
the Maritime Commandant at Toulon announced the arri-
val in that port of the frigate La Reliant, and the brigs
Le Cuirassier, l'Euryale, and Le Curieux. This divi-
sion came from Cadiz.

The picked battalion, formed out of the 14th regiment
of the line, in garrison at Lyons, has embarked on the
Rhone for Marseilles.

BuctlaursT, Mane!! I.—There are letters at Constan-
tinople, dated February 15, which state that a new attempt
made on the part of the Ministers of Austria and
Prussia, for the Porte to accept their intervention, has
been rejected by the Reis Effendi, who expressed himself in
very strong terms to the dragomans. In every other
respect, all remains the same in the capital.

Letters from Hamburg!), of the 14th instant,
have been received. One of these letters states,
that the price of Wheat is rising as the Fads
fall. The Colonial Market had improved : Coffee
was firmer, and Sugar had improved.

The latest private letters from Jamaica men-
tion that the sugar canes had suffered much from
the effect of drought.

A Messenger has arrived from Vienna with
despatches for Prince ESTERHAZY, which are
supposed to be of importance.

The Mexican Congress was opened on the
3d of January, by a speech from the PRESI-
DENT, which possesses km particular interest.

The election for a Member to serve in Par-
liament for the county of Anglesea, is appointed
to take place on Thursday, the 3d of April next.

News have been received from Lima to the
.20th November. Affairs seemed to be going
on in a prosperous manner, and the Government
was employed in improving the several depart-
ments of the Administration. Trade was assum-
ing rather improved appearance in Lima ; and
Manchester manufactures of every description,
as well as linen goods, were in demand. French
articles, on the whole, did not experience so
ready a sale.

Letters from Falmouth mention that his Ma-
jesty's brig Redpole, from Jamaica and Mexico,
is in the offing.

The Bishop of .WlNctlEsrEn yesterday
preached a charity sermon at Percy Chapel, in
Charlotte-street, Bedford-square, and highly
gratified a crowded audience by the unaffected
piety and genuine humility which marked his
discourse ; affording a striking contrast to the
haughty and controversial spirit which is so fre-
quently to be found in the effusions of Prelates
and Dignitaries of the Church.
We are aware with what jealousy and rancour
the elevation of Dr. SUMNER has been regarded
by not a few of his brethren ; but the more wo
hear of him, the more are we satisfied that by
following in that instance, as report states, the
dictates of his unaided judgment, his MAJESTY
has done infinite service to the cause of religion
at large, and, what some reckon still more im-
portant, to the interests of the Established Church
of England.
We wish we could say the same of some cle-
rical promotions which appeared in
Gazdte. To Dr. Pli/LLPOTTS' app the last
ointment
we should, perhaps, be reconciled by his meri-
torious, though unintentional, exposure of the
infamous delusion respecting Mr. PITT'S opi-
nions on the Catholic Question ; but we really
thought that the High Church Party themselves
were afraid of trusting the *burning zeal of Dr.
SPRY, in situations where it would be more
conspicuous.

It is so palpably their interest, that we take it
for granted it is the earnest desire of Ministers
to promote public tranquillity, by diminishing
the sectarian spirit throughout the kingdom.
But let any reflecting man consider whether this
is to be best effected by the promotion of such

' w don't say that 1,1. would burn I);steuters.

men as Dr. SUM\NER, or by that of a Dr.
SrnY. There must be something very taking
amongst the bull: of those who have any concern
for their souls, in what is usually stigmatized as
evangelical, otherwise we should have but few
Dissenters. Now, if a Bishop is as evangeli-
cal, that is, as humble, as much in earnest, and
as laborious in his Master's work, as on illiterate
hedge-preacher, no one can really believe that
the latter, with all his defects, will be preferred
by any considerable class of persons. But let
the Lord Bishop assume a manner as starched
as his lawn-sleeves—let him preach regularly at
Dissenters, praising God almost in the words of
the Pharisee, that he is not as other men, and
seldom addressing himself to those affecting and
interesting truths which, when stated v,ith some
appearance of earnestness and sincerity, never
fail to make, at least, a temporary impression
on the majority of a congregation,—let the
haughty churchman act in this manner, and,
with all the scholastic learning which his chaplain
may have crammed into his cold unmeaning
sermon, he will excite no feeling but disgust,
and will bear no comparison, as a Minister of
CHRIST, with the humble and pious individual
whose origin and vocation may, after all, be no
more mean than that of the fishermen who were
,
first selected by our SAVIOUR to propagate tne
glad tidings of salvation.

But let us not be misunderstood as imagining
that Dr. SUNINER is a solitary instance on the
Bench of Bishops, of a truly pious and humble
Christian. We are well aware that this is not
the case, and that there are various individuals
amongst them who would have been shining or••
naments to the Church -in its best and purest
days,--who unite the utmost zeal of Dissenters to
the tempered and chastened spirit of enlightened
and erudite Churchmen. And who will venture
to charge those eminent individuals with hosti-
lity to the Church, or indifference to its interests ;
or what sincere friend to the Establishment will
prefer for its champion that compound of into-
lerance and blasphemy, that advocate of slavery
at home and abroad, that pander to the worst
feelings of mankind—our worthy cotemporary,
the John Bull newspaper ?

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.)

FROM LLOYD'S.

DEAL, MARCH 22.—Wind W. to
Arrived from London, the Alicia, Jones, for Hon-
dorm; William Miles, Sampson, for Van Dieman's
Land.

MARCH 23.—Wind N.W.—Arrived from London,
the Lime, M'Clure, for Jamaica ; William Parker,
for *the Cape ; Nautilus, Tully, for Honduras ; Castle
Huntley, Drummond, for India, and sailed for their
destinations. Arrived the Sisters, from Demerara.
The Thomas Coutts and the outward-bound, except
the Lady Raffles, have sailed. The Castle Huntley
returning.
PORTgMOUTH, MARCH 22 and 23.—Wind W.—
Arrived the Barrack, Ocean, Lotus, Timandra, James
Colvin, Christopher, Mary and Amity transports,
from Lisbon. Sailed the Elizabeth, Larway, for
Africa; Glatton, Lawton, for Honduras; Sir W.
Wallace, Tilly, for Bermuda; and his Majesty's ship
Challenger, for Lisbon.
FALMOUTH, MARCH 22.—Wind W. to W.N.W.
Arrived the Swallow packet Baldock, from Cartha-
gena, sailed the 30th of January, from Jamaica the
12th of February, and Crooked Island the 21st.
Also arrived the Magnet packet, Porteous, from
Lisbon, in six days; iledpole packet, from Jamaica,
Vera Cruz, and Havannah—mail not landed. Sailed
the Duke of Marlborough packet, for Lisbon.

THE FUNDS-(THIS DAY).

CITY, MEL rite n'

The appearance in the English Funds was that of a rise
this morning, which was aided by the advance of the
French Funds, but this lasted a very short time, the gene-
ral tenor of the intelligence per tke Lisbon packet being
o they
at w
extremely =satisfactory, and every thing tending to chew
a new order of Government, alike destructive to' all rational
libertythewaund freely
publicoffe redwien t ; s
ls
becameopened
shortly
83 ,
after
priceh
teal Ca
83k, since which, in consequence of continued Sales, the
market has been drooping, and they are now 82i 3. India
bonds maintain their price, being 88 90 ; but E.xchequer
Bills are a shade worse, being 56 7 pm.
In the Foreign 'Market the most intense interest has
been •hewn in every thing which relates to Portuguese
Bond;, which have fallen from 62 to 58 ; the public ap-
pear desirous to get rid of this security, considering the in-
dications from this unhappy country to be such as to pre-
clude any dependence being placed ou a wholesome system
of role, which now affords a melancholy prospect for the
country and its prosperity, the most respectable and
wealthy inhabitants deserting it already. Brazil are a little
lower, from the connection which subsists between the two
Governments, and may be quoted at 60 ; Russian, 85.
The arrival of Jamaica Mail does not bring us any news
of the least moment direct from the Island, but brings ac-
counts from Colombia of a further payment of a dividend
on their internal debt, and that the country was in an im-
proving state. The Jamaica and Mexican Mail is also ar-
rived off Falmouth ; the Mail not up.
Three per Cent. Consols, 82k 3; Ditto, for the
Account, 82k 3 ; India Bonds, 88 90 pm. ; Exchequer
Bills, 56 7 pm.
ILA L F-P AST T WEL VB.
Consols, 82i, sellers. A current rumour exists that
some serious affairs have taken place between the British
and French soldiery, the particulars ate not yet Public.
mrß,roarasi:.ian Bonds, 59;; Danish, 59i, every thing looking

TWO O'CLOCK.
Consols are without business, and 821 3. Portuguese
Brazilian Ditto, 59i.
THREE O'CLOCK.
Consols,Bondy, 58 ;
82,1 3.
FOUR O'CLOCK.--CLOSING PRICES.
Consols 83 Danish 593-,
Do. for Ac. 83 Greek, 1825
Brazilian Bonds 59?,- Mexican, 1825 32i
Buenos Ayres Peruvian
Chilian Do. Russian 851
Columbian, 182+ Spanish, 1821 101

I'
thence
esterdayithe LORD CHANCELLOR had au
of hie
of MAJESTY.
eG
TheLOUCESTER and the Prin-
cess
HAiusatr
MAJESTYvisite d theen tKerrtNaionoeadsaatursdealey.ct
party to
dinner on Friday, at his palace in St. James's.
Intelligence was received at the Commander-
in-Chief's Office on Saturday afternoon, bY means of a
telegraphic despatch, of the arrival of trausports at Ports-
mouth, bringing the 10th Hussars from Lisbon. Commu-
nication of the arrival was forwarded to the Duke of Wct-
LINGTON by General Lord Hitt.
Despatches were received at the Goloniai-
Office yesterday front General Sir J. KERNE, the Governcr
of Jamaica, and General GaANT, the Governor of to
Bahamas.
Mr. Secretary 1-IvsKtssoN had a large dinner
party on Saturday, at his residence in Downing_s treet
Mr. WILMOT HORTON entertained the Righ
One. STZATFORD CANNING, Lord and Lady BynoN, and
R .lect party, to dinner on Saturday, at his residence in
hmond-terrace.
Viscount BERESFORD transacted businesc
s'atrda, with Eat' Duotsv the Foreign Office

LAW INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.
___

COURT OF CHANCERY.

evcitorr r. urtEcoar.
His LonDsHic gave judgment in this . case, whisk he
heard as Master of the Rolla. The question arose ripen the
will of a lady named Martha Hardham, in which Els
bequeathed real estates to a person of the name of William
Salmon for life, and after his decease to such of his Children
29 should be then living, and in default of there being chil-
dren, the will went on to direct "the trustee to convey the
property to the next of kin of my late father and mother."
It was contended that these terms were equivocal, and two
interpretations were put upon them: une side contended
that they meant next of kin of both the father and mother of
the test atria separately ; the other, that they meant the
next of kin of the father, and also of the mother, jointly ;
and that both classes were entitled to take under the will.
By the Master's report it appeared, that at the time of
making the will, and the death of the testatrix, there
were
no individuals answering the description of the next of kin
both of the father and mother. The opinion of the Coart,
however, was, that the testatrix meant the next of kin
both of the father and the mother, and that as there were
no such individuals, it followed the heir at law was enti-
tled. As he had become bankrupt, the property went to
the assignees.

DEW V. CLARE.

his LORDSHIP had looked most attentively into the Act
of Parliament 'with respect to this case, and he thought it
would not he safe to contend the construction of the
Act to trustees by implication and operation of law, for
the purpose of having money transferred, a clause which
would have given the Court such power had been thrown
out through the intervention of Lord Redesdale. Hie
Lordship had talked to that Noble Lord, and found he
was very much afraid at that time of the effects of that
clause, but that dread had been since dissipated. • The
judgment, therefore, of the Court was, that the motion
which Mr. Sudden made a few days ago, for the tranfer
of several large sums of money, was dismissed.
Mr. SUDDEN hoped his Lordship would give them leave
to apply to Parliament for an Act to obtain the trander.
His LOAD 31111" thought such a course would not be pro.
per in a case like this.

- Mr. SUCDEN would not press the subject, as the Coast
seemed so clear upon that point.

JACKSON V. ROWE.
Hig LORDSHIP thought the plea in this ease ought to ba
overruled.

The Court went upon appeals.

VICE-CHANCELLOR'S COURT.
BANKRUPT PETITION.
EXI.ARTE ILLtiscwoerit IN THE MATTES OF MULL/VANT.
This was the petition of the bankrupt to stay the certifi-
cate of his partner. He prayed that the debt of the peti-
tioning creditor might be expunged, and the debt of some
other creditor might be substituted in its stead, far the
purpose of supporting the Commission of Bankruptcy, and
finally, that the certificate L: Bullivant might be stayed. It
stated, that of the 1201. said to be due to the petitioning
creditor, '75/. were actually due to the bankrupt himself-- ,
and that the commission was concerted between the pe-
titioning creditor and Deevy, the assignee, for the purpose
of clearing Deevy from certain liabilities which he
had incurred by reason of his having become bail for Butß-
runt. The assignee was charged with having indemnified
Messrs. Fisher and Norcot, the solicitors, under the com-
mission, the petitioning creditor being insolvent. The mrtifi
cate was said to have been prepared before the third nieeting,
and the necessary signatures to the certificate being procured
whilst Bullivant was signing his balance, so great was the
despatch used to complete what had originated in fraud.
It was charged that the balance sheet contained nothing
relative to the interest which Bullivant took
under his marriage settlement, and that it alio omitted ,
to notice in any way the sum of 6,000/, which Bulli-
rant had represented himself as entitled to, and Which be .
promised to bring into the late partnership, over and above
the capital inveeted in it by him. The petition also stated,
that when Messrs 'Clarence and Franks, of Billiter.street,
btbyof
D6,,e00071.
tagheainaust
itgnheeeb,anauakrualptsr'e
to
opportunity, however, was not afforded ; end Wilke lab.
eoa spptppa ot el
re'tdutnltieotyy- pwwr oeorveted ldbeie offered them for doing so. That
mitted that Deevy's object in deceiving Messrs. Clarence
and Franks was to prevent their being able to vote against
the bankrupt's obtaining his certificate.- '
Mr. WAKEFIKLO opposed the petiiion,' and itihrnitted,
ceie Sivnhowlehhicihstoaryeo.otbankbenrkuruppttocyaitialefedidtonliesot o;lier
cat!henratitinfiianctaattuel of his partner. The Learned Gititleten referred
his Honour to the statute, from which it'siould appestrthat
a creditor only could present a petition of this nature. Be-
sides, there was no allegation whatever id this petition
that Illingworth had any claim against the estate of hie
partner.
Mr. ROLFE said, that the certificate, if granted: would
bar all future claims against Bullivant—and this, of course,
must materially affect the interests of the ether partner.
The Vtes-CHANcEt.Loa dismissed the petition. He
did not think that a cs-bankrupt could snake such an ap-
plication.
Mr. WAxErini.n asked that it might be dismissed with
costs. The Court could not grant costs against a bankrupt,
but the Lord Chancellor had compelled the solicitor who
attested the petition to pay the costs.
Mr. ROLFE said that must have been a ease in which
the petition contained some scandalous or improper Matter.
That rule had not been confined to solicitors, as old caws
would show that even barristers wsre visited with costs for
bsving p
laugh.)utthei
their names to pleadings of an improper descrip•
tion.—(A
give the costs.
Bt4INSON'S BANK-
p The
MESSRS.o EV iAc DlCOsursAi
IRNEsciTts:
ANDo
rpL'. : refusedo TrTo.
OODE AND minas.
After an uninteresting case, which had been in part
heard on Saturday, was disposed of,
Mr. Twiss resumed his argument against the applies.
tion for an injunction to restrain the sale of the stock pur.
chased by Mears. Moon, Boys, and Greaves, from the
assignees of the bankrupts. The Learned Gentleman re-
pelled the charge made against his clients, that they
had in any respect deceived the assignees as to the value
of the property, and cited an instance in which they,
so far front coining errors, had actually exerted them-
selves to correct the mistakes of others. It appeared
that in a list of their stock kept by the bankrupts them-
selves a great many copies of the Encyclopedia Britannia
were described as incomplete. Messrs. Boys and Greave•
upon examining these copies, found that by breaking up
some copies, plates could be procured which would make a
certain number of the other copies complete. These gen-
tlemen, instead of pocketing this information with the
view of turning it to their own advantage, actually cow
i re '
un
familyn se
wo-naslene6 of
dangerously anicated it to the assignees. The Learned Gentleman
was proceeding with his argument when he was compelled
to informed that a Member
of
It aim arranged, that during his absence Mr. Cos should
read the affidavits.
icube iinllg.

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE._

(From the Hampshire. Telegraph.) ~

.
Amity, (Lieutenant John
Christopher, Alexander,
and Lotus, arrived from Lisbon,
thweithtranpars.ptoortfa
Thompson, agent),
board; and the Tim •
with the 10th Hussars on. .
Yesterday and to-day, the
The 10th Hussars have landed.
Mary, and James
Chichester. The 12th Lancers
and marched to t1:1:81:ktht
s. The transports left the Tagus pre.,
await oro
tdheer
George IV. steamer.
violi
int
isters appear extremely desirous of transmit-
ting' atches to our Ambassador at Lisbon, with
desP
t. possible haste, but which the state of
Lancers on board.
the um°-
.
the winds does not favour. His Majesty's steam
vessel the Carron, sailed for Plymouth on Thursday
afternoon,, to take a King's Messenger thence, h
irged with despatches to the Tagus; the:Challen-
c;:., 28, Capt. Fitzelarenee, went out of the harbour
his morning, and will sail to-morrow (wind
w.S.W.) with despatches for the same destination;
and the Sapphire, 28, Capt. Henry Dundas, -is also
under orders for Lisbon, but being intended even,tually to take out despatches to Rio Janeiro. The
conduct of Don Miguel in Portugal has caused more
stir in our naval departments than the belief of ihr
Russian army having passed the Pruth 'did. • ''
The Badger, 10, Capt. Charles Crowdy, is'Orilsre‘i
to be fitted for foreign service. The-Sulphur 1100,
at Chatham, is ordered to be fitted-for cainali-"1",
being the fifth bomb intended for the Mediterrantsa
. _ . service.
On Sunday the Brighton frigate, Captain- .tbe
Hon. Wm. Gordon, arrived front -I,i'sbon -4-14
days, with his Excellency Lord ileytesbay;. who
landed under the public honour,: tlite.aa-hia:ratil:t
and the next morning left the Georgai-litli lcifTql
don. It is expected that the Cbalti..itei-fiig
Captain Fitz-Clarence, will take -hi,:"-iiiic, Si-
Patersbaygh, at which Court he ha- beell appoiat4

A tabu!
slefectiv
only 12
it invei;
three 1)
execute

Lett;
confirm
W. fla
of the
returmt
Zebra,
rock, an
and crel
some fii
%Wes]

Lieut
Philip
to the
Attenth
liPs, R.
von o
Loncast

The
Captain
7,114 ass
'Weratel
the first
SLUP era
Wii,3 par
him to

At tl

In ti
chant c
Mr.
3urgeoi
coast of
-ail poi
Lieu
ceedest
E&4'011

cNGL

broug
Th,

follow
wits k
tvittia
land,
on ho
i!een

Jet. elf_

Jib' n;;
itTitfull

pretlic4

ti., -al

r.) : Ambassador. The Briton, being found in a very TUE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)
' defective state, though she has been in commission
CORN-EXCHANGF
.only 12 months, is to be paid off, and the causes of
c al'he od , rivals e;rly all kiuds of
it investigated, by examinations to be made at the rle-twel:ek.m Te I i"i s' e ii ro
' ..r .in as wee m roing then fresh supplies . are
icit he three Dockyards where her fitments and repairs were
-, again scanty, and the market is therefore composed chiefly
on the executed.
zil she , of the remains of former arrival., of which the quantity
Letters received from Malta, dated February 14, of Irish Oats is large. There was scarcely a superfine
rilliam cOnfinn the loss of the Cambrian frigate, Captain G. sample of Wheat to be seen this morning-, and the se-
iildren
W. Balnilton, C.B. C b at _ara_usa (on the West end condary qualities are again Is. to 26. per quarter higher
ail-
r the of the Isle of Candia), out of which port she was than on this day sennight. Barley fully maintains its
ether." returning, company with the Iris, Rattlesnake,
rettUrning, last quotations. Boiling Pease are 2s. per quarter
Id two Zebra, and Carnelian, when she struck on a sunken dearer. Grey Pease are not so plentiful as of late, and
tended rock, and in a few minutes went down, the officers support their late quotations. There has been a large sak
ther of and crew having only time to save their papers and of Oats since last Monday, and this article may be re-
ad the Flour is
oistly, ;
some light articles, and escape to the ships ill corn- ported Is.
per quarter dearer. The top price of
not yet
i determined, but an advance seems inevitable.
tanY• They had all arrived safe at Malta in the
Linseed s ratner dearer.
e will. rtattlesnake.
me of Lieutenant Philip Broke (son of the gallant Sir PRICES ON BOARD or SHIP.
Wheat, Red (old) -5. -s. 'Beans, Small (new)...445, 16s.
P were .
(old) ......-s. ...9.
of kis: Philip Vere B. Broke, Bart. K.C.8.) is appointed ' -White(old) -s. -e. ,
--... Red 1..8tf7) ... 535. 565. 1 - Tick (new)._ 31s. 355.
t 0 the Asia. Mr. Wm. Hudson is appointed Master- Fine 575. 60s.
Cotitt,
,f kin Attendant at llermuda, vice Squire. Lieut. Phil- Superfine.. 625. GP. - Harrow (new) 365. 404.
'White (1827). 565. eos.
! were liP% lOLA to be Adjutant of the Woolwich Di-
~
.---- Superfine.. 665. 68s. Oats, Feed --'s --'
cute- vision of. Royal Marines, vice Ford, promoted. Mr.
Foreign, Old 54.5.' s. 2k.
eat 0 Lancaster to be Assistant-Surgeon of the Orestes. Rye - Poland New
Es -s.
The Court-Martial assembled on Monday to hear Barley
fine New :231. '3925. - PotoeN" L9s. _26AR.
C. •
) Captain Charles Crowdy's defence (in which he - Superfine .2 33s. 3.55.
48.5. 54s Scotch .7s 29,
Act ! N,',.as assisted by Mr. Minchin), after which they de- maltilne
5.55. 60s - Irish les. 21s. 245.
Ight it "Aerated on the evidence, and agreed, that part of Pease, Grey
of the ass. 38s. -- Seconds 445. 45.5.
,he first charge (striking some of the crew when the - I..latiPilr,
40s. 435. -- North Country 40s. 439.
v, for
slup Was in danger, they not exerting themselves) - Boilers
which
arowa ' ~was Partly proved, and for which they adjudging ARRIVALS 01' GRAIN IN LONDON DURING LAST WEEK.
Hia 1 "Itn to be admonished, and be more careful in future.
tr 0.----4'
ad he (From the Devonpart Telegraph.) ::- Ez r . ;.. 2 o
From Wlmice• Z ;" .-z 1,7 ?, ; F.
f that r •...4 •
, His Majesty's steam-vessel Meteor, Lieut. G. I. -- ____ -
The nay, sailed yesterday with despatches, which came Qrs. Qrs. Qrs. Qrs. Qrs. Qrs. Seks.
sotinaßoston " 210 - - Ik3o - -
down in charge of a King's messenger, express from 0.
rapier Y - 31 - - - - 200
the foreign and colonial offices. The despatches calves - - - 100 - - 276
leave We understand are for our Minister at Lisbon, and 6 .4:i'aricwhiecslier:: .2 z,v.,
,857:, i. 2 ,:;,,,, !,;1,
12
er. for Lieut.-General Sir 'W. Clinton, the Commander- 3 Leigh 491 lfr.; - 170 158 98 40
..? 47 190 174 7 20
e pro. , lnsChief of our troops in Portugal, and are imagined Hdfaidon 1 291 130
- - 120 - - 20
to be of the greatest importance. Ipswich l4O 350 1239 - 43 - 347
Coast I Orders came down also to complete his Majesty's tuntt:h 662 448 7
99 140 199 191 947
- - - 1 - - -
; sloop Britomart for foreign service, with all possible Lymington
despatch, and it is expected she will be ordered to kYnewillaven 58 - - - 300
to be proceed immediately on some urgent service. Poole
The Meteor steam-vessel, Lieut. G. J. Hay, ar- gepatungold - 17 19 -
rived from Portsmouth on Thursday, with the Stockton 920
1
officers and men of his Majesty's sloop Rose, which =youth 25 i
- - - - :.()
ship being found defective, is laid up in ordinary, and wiq)each 254 - - '..).:6 - - -
her crew turned over to the Medina, 20, at this port. eyaoodoburitctlige - 105 43 480
ANT. ' 20 1999 2472 - - - 915
!rat- The Medina, 20, was commissioned for African Aberdeen...
Banff
- - -
- 904 - - -
450 - -
service on Thursday, by Commander Suckling Berwick - 12 - 511 72 - _
Peti"
souse (1814), late of the Rose. Lieuts. H. T. Rowe Dundee - - _
r the (1826) and William L. Castle (1824), and Mr. 7 71191790 5f.,3 613 6821
- - -- --
636
-, and Clare, Purser, have been appointed to th 4376 e
Medina. busk!.
- - 30
d. It The Pike schooner - -
, Lieut. Kelly, is ordered into caralßeltiltai,
-
_ - :cat
Icing Itamoaze, to be paid off, and recommissioned, if Dublix - - - 2175 - ---
elf-- , found tit for service, after a survey. Dungan on - - - - - -
it pe- The Bittern tender was paid off into ordinary on Galway
Limerick _ - - 2079 - - 10
rpose , Monday. Waterford - - 1562 - -
i he
vicTshe Bengal Merchant convict-ship, with 170 con- F"EWN.
3ulli- Antwerp - - - - -
lified on board, (100 of which were tram this dock- Hamburgh 3 - - - 1W
MID- Yard), sailed on Monday for New South Wales. Harlingen
'rte The Grasshopper, 18, Commander A. Crawford, Rotterdam - - - -
!tine', 2411 ed on Wednesday, fur the West India station.
~, Total

(From the Devonpart Telegraph.)
His Majesty's steam-vessel Meteor, Lieut. G. I.
Hay, sailed yesterday with despatches, which came
down in charge of a King's messenger, express from
the foreign and colonial offices. The despatches
Vit understand are for our Minister at Lisbon, and
For Lieut.-General Sir W. Clinton, the Commander-
In-Chief of our troops in Portugal, and are imagined
to be of the greatest importance.
Orders came down also to complete his Majesty's
sloop Britomart for foreign service, with all possible
despatch, and it is expected she will be ordered to
proceed immediately on some urgent service.
The Meteor steam-vessel, Lieut. G. J. Hay, ar-
rived from Portsmouth on Thursday, with the
officers and men of his Majesty's sloop Rose, which
ship being found defective, is laid up in ordinary, and
her crew turned over to the Medina, 20, at this port.
The Medina, 20, was commissioned for African
service on Thursday, by Commander Suckling
(1814), late of the Rose. Lieuts. H. T. Rowe
(1826) and William L. Castle (1824), and Mr.
Clare, Purser, have been appointed to the Medina.
The Pike schooner, Lieut. Kelly, is ordered into
Italnoaze, to be paid off, RI id recommissioned, if
found tit for service, after a survey.
The Bittern tender was paid off into ordinary on
Monday.
The Bengal Merchant convict-ship, with 170 con-
victs on board, (100 of which were from this dock-
Yard), sailed on Monday for New South Wales.
rhe Grasshopper, 18, Commander A. Crawford,
24uled on Wednesday, fur the West India station.
The Leda, a very handsome 46-gun frigate, is
completed and ready for launching at Milford.
In Harooaze—Bri tattnia, Mersey, Medina, Ronald°,
Nightingale Antelope, Reynard, Leveret, and
Royalist.
At the Island—Pike, Vigilant, and Bramble.
in the Sound—Britomart, and the Bengal Mer-
chant convict ship.
Mr. 11. N. Keele is appointed supernumerary
ilirgeon of his Majesty's ship Sybille, 48, on the
coast of Africa, and will go out in the Medina, from
this port.
Lieut. Edward Southwell Ward, R.N., has sue-
eeede4l to the titles and estates of Viscount and
Baron Bangor, of Ireland.

AGGREGATE
Rye, o—Tare.A,
Mu

4849
QUA)
196-
3stard,

fitted,
Liam I.
T she
'erred
r that
Bt-
titian
If him

ENGLISH AND FRENCH FISHERMEN.

vould
)wrse,

He
a ap-

wits

rapt.
who

titer.
cure
to for

.Nli.

s.
Put

4ould

Jolla
ibou,

Mini,
19th
ided,
accrA
pre-

An occurrence of a serious nature, and much to
Lve deplored, took place last Friday se'nnight, with
the French Government cutter Goeland, sad the
"'eels employed in the oyster fishery between Jet.
"Y and Granville.
On Thursday, the 13th instant, the fishing smack
faeeurite, J. Grinder, master, came to anchor out-
•ide the mast-rock, (La .Mariie), which lies nearly
on the line of demarcation marked out by the Bri-
tish and French Governments to limit the British
Fiery. At seven o'clock next morning, just as the
44)2teite had got under weigh, the crew observing
a boat from the French cutter making towards them
haled up the tack of their mainsail, and steered to-
Wards her. On the boat coming alongside, the Fa.
'.442'ite was boarded by the mate of the French cut-
tir, and five or six seamen, who immediately took
Possession, and removed the master and part of the
erew on hoard the French cruiser, leaving three
French shilors to work the captured vessel to Gras-
vine. This circumstance being observed by the
13ritish dredgers, they determined to rescue the cap-
tured vessel; and a sufficient number of men having
been collected en board several boats, they procee-
ded to board the Favourite, which had been taken
in tow by the Goeland. They were immediately
fired upon by the latter vessel, and, unfortunately,
a sailer of the name of Smith was mortally wounded,
a ball having entered the hind part of his thigh, pe-
netrated through the bone, wounded the intestines,
and lodged between the navel and the pubis. The
poor man died on Sunday morning, at Gorey.
The continued fire of musketry and grape from
swivels did net deter the oystermen from their pur=
pose ; they succeeded in boarding the Favourite,
let go the tow-rope, and brought the vessel back to
Gorey with the three Frenchmen prisoners. The
French vessel did not attempt to pursue them, but
made the best of her way to Granville. Several
of the persons connected with the fishing boats were
examined, who proved the facts above stated. They
saw the Frenchmen getting the boarding-pikes,
matches, &c. ie order, apparently getting ready for
action. When the boats proceeded towards the
Goeland and the prize, the French vessel fired two
gene. The French captain called out, that if they
did not alter their course, he would blow their brains
out : he had scarcely said this when he levelled his
musket and fired a shot at the master of one of the
smacks, before he could have time to alter his course.
The boats then went off from the oyster vessels, when
the French on board the Goeland began a brisk fire
of grape shot and musketry at the boats; they did
not stop to ueload their muskets, but took up others
which had been loaded beforehand. Some grape
shot was fired at one of the boats, which struck the
water near it like a handful of gravel. An individual
with a cocked hat, who was considered to be the
Captain, was observed to take a deliberate aim at
the deceased, and he fell to the bottom of the boat
immediately after the shot was fired. The witness
said, that if they had been inside of the French
limits, they would not have attempted to rescue her.
The three Frenchmen were examined. Their evi-
dence tended to prove that they saw the cutter Fa-
-I:hwtite, about four or five miles from the French
o re,when they gave chase, boarded, and took posses-
sion of her. They stated that they were so much fright-
ened when they saw the English boats bearing down
upon them, that they. knew not what they were
about, but wentthat Were to_ hide themselves in the tslinzk hold • and
fish afterwards taken on board as Eng-
brought to Jetwee ere they were well treated, and
The Jury, after following verdict .a short consultation, returned the
wia killed in The deceased, John Smith,
eeritionally, by consequenceisi of a shot fired at him, in-
while the suipouvel, commander of the Goe-
lend,on hoard the Faeourit Smith was in the act of getting
been unlawfully seieede;: which he considered had

68'72
CITY

lerc,l

MIA

othe
tr-
-WhO
rink

7119
OTI

rkf..

isite"

112745
ER xl
Lapeiee

865 , 623 I
NDS OF PULS
,d. s.—Brank,
, 164.

0-H~

SMITHFIELD MARKET.

This day's supply of Sheep was rather numerous, that
of other kinds of fat stock tolerably good. Beef went off
briskly, at an advance, Mutton slowly, at a depression of
from 2d. to 4d. per stone; Lamb, Veal, and Pork, met
with a steady sale at Friday's prices.
PRICES PEE STONE OF 13LBS. TO SINK TILE orrAr.s.
s. d cos: (IA -s: d. to s. d.

Inferior Beasts 3 0 3 4 Large Lambs 0 0 0 0
Second quality ditto 3 4 310 Primesmall ditto... 7 0 8 0
Prime large Oxen 4 4 4 8 Large coarse Calves 410 5 6
Prime Scots, Sm 4 8 5 0 Prime small ditto.— 6 4 7 0
Inferior Sheep 1 8 310 Large /logs 4lO 5 2
Second quality ditto 4 0 4 4 Small Porkers 5 6 510
Coarse-woolled ditto 4 6 410 Suckling Calves Its to 425. each.
SouthdownWethers 410 5 0 , Quarter °lcings 12s to Ills. each.
SUPPLY, AS FEE CLERK'S STATEMENT.
Buts. I
I Sheep and Lambs. Calves. Pig,.
2,5'74 I 17,220 126 1.141
About 135 of the beasts came up the different North itoadl ;
about 50 from the western and midland districts ; about 1800 from
Norfolk., Suflblk, Essex, and Cambridgeshire ; about 250 from
Kent and Sussex ; and most of the remainder from the marshes,
&c., in the neighbourhood of London.

NFAVG ATE AND LEADENHALL RAM'S.
At per stone, by the Camas,.
8. 6. to s. d. s. *l. tog. d,
Beef 3 4 4 4 Veal
Mutton 3 4 4 6 Pork

MANCHESTER CORN MARKET.—March

The reported advances in London and Liverpool markets
at the early part of this week, have had very little effect
on the prices of any article in the Corn trade in this place
until to-day. Our market was well attended by town and
country dealers : the holders of Wheat were demanding an
advance of 2d. to 3d. per bushel on last Saturday's rates :
the sales made have net been extensive; the advance rea-
lized about I d. to 2d. per 701bs.—Grinding Barley as last
noted. There is some disposition to purchase Oats on spe-
culation at late prices; but the sales made to-day are ?id.
to Id. per bushel higher. Boiling Peas are nearly no-
minal—and Beaus dull at last week's prices. There are
so many sellers of Malt forcing the market, that it is ex-
ceedingly difficult to quit this article at the quotations.
An advance of Is. per sack has been attempted on the price
of Flour and Oatmeal ; but the sales made have rarely rea-
lized anything more to the Millers, the Flour-factors being
alarmed respecting the condition of Flour at the approach
of warm weather.

Customary liusheL
Wheat (701 b.) s, d. to s. d.
English, Fine White.-- 8 4 8 6
----- Red 9 0 8 4
- Second Runs —.. 7 9 8 0
------ Scotch & Welch 7 6 8 2
Irish, Fine Old 7 0 7 6
70 7 8
Inferior 3 6 10
Foreign, Ftee 8 0 8 6
parley (601 h.)
English, fine 5 0
Irish 4

Quar. of S Imp.
s. to s. d.
59 0 60 .r
57 7 59 0 1
55 9 57 7 1
50 91
50 4 54 0
50 4 55 2
45 0 49 • 2
56 i 61 2

Mr. SHAw was on Priday last elected Recor-
4er Dublin.—lrislt Paper.
COVENI'-CAYMEN
.TIIEATRE.--On Satur-
jiliaight Mr. KEAN, who had been previously announced
fortAthatr,straeseiged,
.with such. a sudden and violent in-
AVAidsi, thiti wis wholly unable to perform. In this
ret liratueut Mr. (?: '1(c1fiti,v Went &rough the part to
T =atiffACtl9ll of A thin m sx,sr.,l4 du Omit?,

Bush.

J 3
4 3

94 8 36 4
28 10 IV
27 8 28 10

tt.
Fgg
;•7

----Inferior for grinding 4 0
Oats (451 b.)
Elish, Fine 4 0 4.
Scotchtrish„ i'oPr 33 92 34
Provender........-. 3 1 3
Foreign,
Pease Rush.)
Blue, (boilers) --,----- 7 0 7 6 I
Y;
60
White (ditto) 5 6 4 46 0 50 8
2;cam Fine fir)
to s.d. (Per Sack 2801b5.) d. to s. d.
Englinh, Fine— 56 0 60 0 Flour, Norfolk and
Inferior—, 47 U 48 0 Suftblk, Fine 41 0
40 (I 44 0 Yorks.,Fine 19 0
Foreign -42 0 51 0 Seconds 32 0
Malt (per load of 6 Imp. Bush.) -- Irish, Fine... 39 0
Nottingham, fine.. 43 0 45 U------Superfine 42 0
Yorludiire —...., 40 s 42 0 ---Heated or stale 35 0
Irish and Inferior... 32 0 33 0 Per land of 2401 b.
Par Sack of 28016. Imp. Oatmoal, Englisa 0
Flour,Notts. Fine 41 0 42 0 —Scotch & Irish 25 0
Sup 4,5 U 4b o Fvedilig 21 0

4 2

0 .3 2

29 1U 35 5'
2.i U 20 10
23 7 24 3
.22 0 24 3
2:2 5 23 0,

43 0
40 0
340
40 0
43 0
30 0

27 0
