Nth Ar, NEWS.

DEAL, JUNE 26...7-A: rived last evening a fleet
rf transports, with French prisoners from Ostend,
under convoy of the trehus and Foxhound sloops
or .var; Melpomen.e troop ship,' with x detach-
trtent of the 64th Regiment front America, for
Aitend ; Atlas, Apollo, Beliana, and Union
transpoyts',%vitk the first hattaliote of the 38th
liegiment,.frotrisCorli. Sailed his Majesty's ships
Grampu, Nymplr„ anti Castor, xvittt
French prisoners:—Wind S. W.

. .
PORTsmotITH,.. .TUNE 2G,.--Arrived the Leveret
sloop of war from the Downs ; Stephen, HAR-
DENSTONE, from Rio Janeiro, Passtd by the
Monarch, APPLEBY, honed to the West Indies.—
Sailed the tickle sloop of war, with a convoy to
Ostend.. The Leveret sloop of war takes convoy
to the Downs.—Wind

ANOTHER LETTER, SAME DATE.

The Admiralty has determined, in the present
state of affairs, to "reduce the complement of men
in wally of the ships of the line, and• that they
shall remain in harbour, complete in rigging,with
their ordnance and stores on board, and a pro-
portionate .allowance of necessaties, so as to be
completely prepared for their' full establishment
at a moment's warning. The bulls, masts, yards,
and stores; are to be kept in the 1110 St perfect
State. 'The Ist and 2d rates are to have 50 able,
10 ordinary, -and 15 landsmen—the 3d rates 40- -
able seamen, 10 ordinary, and-10 landsmen, With
one Captain, one subaltern, two sergeants, .four
one drummer, and 50. vrivate marines
The Naval commissioned, warrant, And
in each.
cers, and boy, arc to remain as hereto-
fore. The Duncan and Vengettr are already or-
dered to be so established at this port.
Porton Depot, near Gosport, has been inspect-
ed to-day, by order of-the Transport Board, and
it is understood that preparations- arc immediate-
ly to be made for the reception of French prison*-,
ers, several thousands of whom are expected at
this pO-rt from Ostend, in the course of the ensu-
ing week. _ .

RAMSGATE, JUNE 2G.—Arrived the sloop Ir=
vine, Caßtain,lincKNEL, from Teneriffe, boumi
to Leith, having lost her boat and sustained other
damage in her rigging and sails. tzeveyal trans-
ports are coming from the Downs into thi's har-
bour..-
_ _

. . ,
WEYMOUTH, JUNE 2t3..—Saited yesterday tuff
I\laje-tv'S ship Sparrowuttwit, with five sail of
store-ships for Plymouth.
tali tv: sENn-, .lust; ,2;.;.—.% rived the Minstrel], Resourse,:
Axt ell, and Alexandcr, from India; Thomas Grenville, Mar-
quis ,l-luntle, Cabal.va, Lady Melville, Neptune, and \Vex-
fun], frum Glliva ; Tigris, from Ilmnbav; Lord Keith, Indus,
and Lady Campbell, fro..il Bengal ; Eagle, from the Souks.
Seai; Rising !lope, Wilizon, from Honduras.; Eclipse, Rees,
from Jamaica ; Ceres, Niimpson, and Gyndhope,
Norway; and the Fountain. Mills: from Ilainburgli.

Ftiday passed by Pliimouth with a strong
breeze at N. W. another large Frencli friv-ate
and e'on,ette; envier the xvhite flag, from Mar-
tinique, bound to ilavre. 'I he l'Ort. Adrnir•al,Sii-
luomAs DUCK wpirrn, with his usual prompti.-
tole, imme tiatcly assembled the Captains anti
Officers c f the 'ray, IS, Prometheus, IS, Acteon,
16, and Musquito, 16, and dispatched them itt
pursuit, through the eastern passage Of the Break-
water, which vessels, there can be little dontlt,
overtook the ;frigate and corvette before theyr
reached a French port. Information Of the event
was 'Communicated by telegraph to the Admiralty;
in order that a force might be detached from
Portsmouth,
The declaration of war against France arrived at
Plymouth on Saturday, anti occasioned a general.
bustle in the Dock-yard and among • the Nava'
Offic,rs. Several ships of w.d'have anti
other 3 arc expected to sail hourly, With orders to
take, sink, burn, or destroy all Frencl4 vessel's,
whether underthe or t ri-coloured.flag, and
to protect uur trade from privateers.
The telegraphic chain of
.boats between 03temi
and Deal, -was completed on' Saturday last.

AAIERICAI .1).-I'll'iltS.

-NEW 101tK, MAY 19.

MEDITERRANEAN SiCIVADEON.-SiILIC(I ycstenlay
forenoon, the United Statei squat-it•on, under the
communcl of Cowsuodore Decatur, for the Medi—

! te:•rniteatt, cowisting
Glerriere ontnnalare's ship), Cainßin Le is.
Macedonian,, Capt thdes, ('onstellation, Ca;:tain Gordon
Sou of War, Ontario Captain Elliott; qtrifr,s, i',pervafr,
Captain Downes, Firk-:,fly, Rod-ger:3, Fla
t Sparlt,
_Gault)le; &Loaners, Spitthe, DOW' all.!
1 Chatin::ey.
We understand the tvbole of ti.e squivdron are
to rendezvous Gibraltar. ~haler, Esq.
one of the Commis,ioilers appointed hy our Go,
vernment to treat for piutce with the Dey Of Al- •
viers, etnbarlied on- bottyd the Murricric,, NVlren
Commodore Decatur and Captain 3oues got into
the gig at the foot of the flattery, to go onhoard
of t'hcii' ships, the titzuns gave them three beartl
cheers as a farewell. i3e:nrc-they rctunt, it is
hoped, they %yin effect a liberation of the-cfluire
1 AmeticAns iu slavery by the Dory of M6-iers
,
and chastise this SAVago tYrant for the cratzltie3
135 has in;lictett upon our -cotnitrytne-o.
• Also yei,terday the Britisirpacket liincheu-
brookt., f..tr Falinoutn, (Eng,l.ind)
Pont.
Nzu.r -NIAY The regular British
packet, alien all übseace of nearly three ye trs, at
leugth re-apr,cals iii nut' harbur, in token of re--
1 ttn•uing \\ hall svitit setts:lo'ollS *Gf glad-
ness the joyful'and may no inauspicious
feveut again w:cur to Ii a:llsb front out•
wales•s,

N;,w Mkv fdgat-e-
L'lleridmile arriveil it this .i.o.rennott under the
Bourbon tttg irnn GuAtiolottpe.• - Ott passing Cas,.
tie Vl7iiiinnts, she firmi a no=pll saline -of 01 guns,
returned by the' fort. Site came irve
CM!Sellll::nce of t of Rulers in
'11:e frig,kti: Constitution, Capt.
it, ~aivri)lglitiice (Starctt
t• v;•!..tod.iy fur Boston.
'fly Cwigic,h klclstilled to coup
mi. it.;vt;tg b
( een 13 months
t:N.l),c,..vi at Boston in a foy
•
