THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWELVE o' CLocr.
This being settling day in the British market, the
chief business doing is arranging the account!
The extreme fluctuation during the present Account
has been about 2i per cent., and up to the preseac
time all is going off well. To-day being the firer
regular day for transfer of Consols at the Bank afrei
the payment of the July dividends, they 019
be quoted ex-dividend (or the 26th of August at
to i,which is the price they opened at this morning'
and for the present Account 901.
The St. John's New Brunswick Courier, of the
13th June, received at the North and South Arne:
rican Coffee-house, contradicts the statement that
the British Government had determined to abalt
all tonnage duties in American vessels entering t""
free ports of the British North American colonies.
The following is a copy of the reply to tbe
petition :

Downing-street, Feb. 25.
Sir,—Having referred to the consideration of theti)
~
Lords of the Committee of the Privy Council ./
Trade, the petition of the Chamber of Commerce °
St. john's, New Brunswick, praying that all ton'
nage duties levied on American vessels with pr°:,
duce in the British North American free por''
may be discontinued, I have now the honour Ie
acquaint you that their Lordships do not think rt
expedient that any alteration should be made With
respect to these duties at the present moment.
I have the honour to be,
G. MURRAY
Private letters from the Havannah, via .AOl,
rica, state, that it was reported there that tyil
Spanish Government had an understanding Wite
General Santa Anna, who rules over the extensig
district of county between Julapa and Vera Crtl
he is a bold and unprincipled soldier, and has 1
thousand troops under his command.
Quebec Papers have arrived to the 24th -1(11'e;
and Montreal to the 26th June; they do not posse -d
any interest. The latter state we have Ilea !1,
great yomplaints of- the want of rain I
Upper Canada; but we are afraid it is the re;
verse in this neighbourhood, for should the 1
continue much longer, they will do great damage'
By the French Mail this morning :
MADRID, JULY 9.—For these several days P°
the most active correspondence has taken place be.l
tween our Court, Lisbon, Paris, Vienna, and Pi;
don. It is thought it relates to the marriage of P'?
Miguel. Accounts from Ferrol state that the sill
of the line Heros has been put into commission, 01:`,
will take artillery on board for the Havannah.
Catalonia numerous arrests have taken place, and 11
number of persons, from the different provinces'
have been sent to the citadel of Barcelona. ,
In the Foreign Market little or nothing do''°
as yet.
Three per Cent. Consols, 88- 9; Ditto for Aug. of
89k; Three per Cent. Reduced, 89i ; Three and aut
per Cent. Reduced, 98i 9 ; Four per Cent. 103 ;
1826, 105-i -a; India Stock, 228 9; Bank Stock, ?"`""
14i; India Bonds, 55 7 ; Exchequer Bills, 70 71. i
n
FORElGN.—Brazilian, 58i ; Buenos Ayres, 223-
Chilian, 17 18 ; Colombian, 16i ;,Danish, 69k; Grp;
12i 13k; Mexican, 19120; Peruvian, 10i ; Eussi!".l
100 ; Spanish, 81. 9; Portuguese, 42i 3 ; 13")
Shares, 39 41 pm.

TWO O'CLOCX•ii
The settling of the Account still goes off we:
and to the present hour we do not hear of 4°'s
failures; but the Market is not quite so strong d
in the early part of the morning, when Consols va'j
done at 90i for money, with the dividend, Id
90 for August. At present they are 901
money, and 904 -a for next Account.
f
A vessel has arrived from Batavia, left the sth" o 1
April, we do not hear that she brings any news "
importance.
Mauritius Papers have been received to the 10th
of April, but they are void of interest.
They write from Alexandria, the 18th of 10'11:
that the Viceroy has an idea of establishing a 13ela't
with a capital of two millions of piastres; he is
going to send any troops to the assistance of t'.o
Grand Seignor, in lieu of which he will forward
subsidy.
The Hamburg and Dutch steamers have not t e
rived as yet by this conveyance. It is expected
shall have a long and interesting Bulletin of the fb
of Silistria, and the further operations of the son/
The Foreign Market is void of interest.

TILREE O'CLOCO*
Consols for money 901 with the dividend; 0
August account, 90i -I-.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.-(THIS DAY.)

COURT OF CHANCERY.

NEW KING'S COUNSEL.
Messrs. TINNEY, PEMBERTON, KNIGHT (of the
Chancery), and LAW (of the Common Law Bars),
were sworn in as King's Counsel before the LORD
URANCELLOR, in his private room, before the Court
sat. After his Lordship took his seat they were
called, according to the usual form, within the bar.
JONES V. DESANGES.
In this case an application was made to the Vice-
Chancellor for leave to amend, by striking out the
name ?f one of the plaintiffs as a plaintiff, and to
have it inserted as a defendant. The question de-
pended upon whether the case came within the 15th
of the new order; if it did, then it had been said,
the conditions of the 15th had not been fulfilled.
These conditions were distinct and comprehensive,
the case came within them, they had not been ful-
iled, and consequently his Honour had done right
In refusing the application. The present appeal it
Was necessary also to dismiss. The question, how-
ever, was one of doubt, so that the Court could not
give costs.

WELLESLEY v. DUKE OF BEAUFORT.
The LORD CHANCELLOR having seen Mr. Wel-
lesley seated behind the Solicitor-General, said, "
have seen Mr. Ebden in the presence of the Solici-
tor-General and Mr. Wellesley. From the conver-
sation I then had with him, and also from a written
communication I have since had from him, it ap-
pears to me, from what took place the last time
those young gentlemen were at Seagry, it would not
he proper for them to pass the present vacation
there. It must, therefore, be referred to the Master
T,emlnire where they ought to pass the vacation.—
, ene other parts of the petition must stand over to
u heard in regular order."
Mr. Wellesley objected to its going to the Master,
as a question that ought to have been disposed of in
aye minutes was sent to the Master, and remained
before him for six months.
The LORD CHANCELLOR was of opinion that it
ought to go the Master.
The SOLICITOR GENERAL had no desire that it
should be sent to the Master.
se Mr. Wellesley cared not where the children weret
hnt to, provided they were not allowed to go near
air estates. The Court might send them to any
pot in Europe.
The LORD CHANCELLOR then said, as both sides
were unwilling that the time should be consumed in
going before the Master, he would see Mr. Ebden,
and after another conversation with him, would him-
"lf name a place for them to pass the vacation at.
The SOLICITOR GENERAL again pressed to see
the communication made by Mr. Ebden. He con-
sidered it impossible for him to discharge his duty
to his clients unless he knew the full arid distinct
grounds on which the Court acted.
The LORD CHANCELLOR was decidedly of opinion
that neither the Solicitor General nor his clients
ought to see the statement. If it was shewn
to the
one side it would have to be dis-
closed to the other ; and it it were, then .it
would be circulated throughout the country, through
the newspapers, and such a proceeding would be
'very injurious to the young gentlemen themselves.
The SOLICITOR GENERAL would pledge himself
to concealment on his part and that of his clients.
Mr. Wellesley had no objection to the Court
G'landing Mr. Ebden's letter to the Solicitor..
eneral.
The LORD CHANCECLOR said, if both parties in-
sisted on seeing it they should, but not without.
The SOLICITOR GENERAL, after what had fallen
from the Court, would not insist on an inspection;
hut in future would certainly beg, at all hazards, to
have distinctly disclosed and stated the grounds on
which the Court proceeded.
Mr. Wellesley wished to know whether his peti-
tion, as to the remaining part of it, might stand at
the head of the paper for the next petition day ?
The LORD CHANCELLOR said it stood second, and
would have to keep its place.

VICE-CHANCELLOR'S COURT.
Mr. Tinney, Mr. Pemberton, Mr. Knight, and
the Hon. Charles Law, who have been appointed
King's Counsel, took their seats within the bar,
With the usual formalities.
The Court. was occupied the entire morning hear.
!II arguments in a tithe cause, of not the least pub-
lie interest, its is likely to occupy the whole day.

ROLLS COURT,
At the sitting of the Court this morning, Messrs.
Tinney, Pemberton, Law, and Knight, having been
appointed King's Counsel, were called within the
bar, in the usual form, by the Master of the Rolls.
IMPORTANT TO TRUSTEES.—FRANCE V. WOODS.
In this case the testator, a gentleman Possessed
et great property in the county of Lancaster, by his
‘vill left the bulk of it to his wife, and after her de-
cease, to a gentleman of the name of Wilson France,
residiug in Preston, and practising the profession of
the law there, with remainder to his first son, in
tail male. Directions were also given as to the
distribution of the testator's personal estate, the
residue of which, after satisfying the several charges,
created upon it by the testator, was to be laid out
b
• Y his trustees in the purchase of real estate. Two
gentlemen of the names of Wood and Pering, living
-a(, Lancaster and Kendal, were appointed trustees.
Several large sums were vested in the public funds
in their names, and for the purpose of carrying the
`ishes of the testator into effect they had entered
into a negociation for the purchase of an estate. In
order to complete this negociation, the trustees sold
out several large sums of money, and placed them
in the hands of Messrs. Worsick and Co., bankers
at Preston, who had formerly been the bankers
of the testator. Some delay took place in the pre-
Parations of the writing, during which Messrs.
Worsick and Co. became bankrupts, and the money
placed in their hands was lost. A Bill was filed for
the Purpose of compelling the trustees to refund the
loss, a reference was made to the Master, who re-
ported in favour of the now liability of the trustees,
and the matter came before the Court this morning
Upon exceptions to the Master's report.
The MASTER of the ROLLS, in giving judgment,
Observed that he should be doing great injury to so-
ciety in general, if he were to allow the exceptions.
It would be the means of preventing persons from
accepting an office, so important in the administra-
tion of estates as that of a trustee. These gentle-
Men had acted in conformity with the wish of the
testator, and it would be an extremely hard thing to
Afty they were bound to refund this money in con-
. aes.l4ence of the occurrence of an event which no
°He could foresee.

COURT OF KING'S BENCH.
DOE DEM. GREETHAM V. BELL.
This was an action of ejectment to recover pos-
4ssion of the house No. 10, Homer-street, Maryle-
-13,0ne. The question was solely one ofpedigree, and
had been twice tried before.

Among the witnesses was a sturdy old Yorkshire-
'An of 76. He had undergone a long examination
kid in his cross-examination by Sir J. SCARLETT,
45 to a member of the plaintiff's family visiting an-
ther member, with whom the witness lived at the
time; he had stated that when the former, Jerry
sireetham, came to the latter he must have stopped
"le time, as he generally brought five or six pair
pf shoes and a quantity of other clothes with him.
W 9 or three questions as to Jerry's age and appa-
era relationship were repeated, and the witness
tyidently begin to wax ‘varm. Sir J. Scarlett con-
°Ned questioning him.
The ATToRNET-GENRAL—,Theu I suppose,
uerry was a great man when he used to come there?
Witness • Why, I suppose he was, for he had a
great belly.-This answer threw the whole Court into a roar of
laughter, in which even the dignity of the Bench
fag compromised. Sir James Scarlett appeared to
eel its aptness, and sat down after two more unim-
Portant questions.
The case is expected to occupy two days.

LEWES MARKET.—JuIy 21.
Beef :ls. &I. to 4s. 2d. Vea1......—..—. 4s. Od to 4s. Bd.
I Mutton .............. 3 8 4 6 Pork 0 0 0 0
Lamb 4s. 2d. to ss. Od.
A good supply, and a sluggish trade.
RUMFORD MARKET.—JuIy 22.
s. tl. to s. d. s. d. s. d.
ldeef '1 0 4 0 Veal
Mutton 3 0 4 2 Pork . 3lO 410
. .

Lam!, . 4s. Od. to ss. Od.
Suckling Calves from 14s. to 30s. ; Quarter old Pigal2s. to 15s. each,
A good supply, and a dull trade,

COBURG THEATRE.

The Opera of Guy Mannering was last night re-
vived at this theatre, on which occasion Miss
FORDE represented Julia Mannering. She went
through her part with much spirit and elegance of
manner; and in her two favourite songs of " The
Minstrel Boy" and " The Light Guitar," was
warmly and deservedly encored. This young
lady, to a sweetly-toned and powerful voice,
adds much feeling and feminine softness : she
seems thoroughly imbued with the spirit of melody,
and has the great and rare art of impressing this
fact upon her audience. Mr. MELROSE, in the cha-
racter of Harry Bertram, introduced the effective
air of " Marmion's Death," and threw into the line
" now trebly thundering swelled the gale," infinite
force and expression. The way in which he suffered
his voice to linger on the word " swell" showed
taste and no slight power of discrimination. Mr.
DAVIDGE made an excellent Dominie Sampson; but
the part is hardly worthy of him. It is at best but
a grotesque skeleton without character or substance.

FASHIONABLE INTELLIGENCE.

CHANGES.

Lord Harris, at the St. George's Hotel, Albemarle-street, from
his seat, in Kent; the Countess of Onslow, from ditto, for her
seat, Clandon, near Guildford, Surrey ; Captain T. 0. Gas-
coigne, at Crawley's Hotel (late Cook's), Albemarle-street, from
Windsor; William Fuller, Esq. at ditto, from a tour ; George
Harcourt, Esq. at ditto, from St. Leonard's ; John Horrocks,
Esq. at Fenton's Hotel, St. James's-street, from Warwick ; W.
Chatteris, Esq. from ditto, on a tour; Captain and Mrs. Moms-
sey, in Hill-street, from Paris; Lord and Lady John Thynne,
from Walton Rectory, for Somersetshire ; Sir Roger and Lady
Sophia Gresley, from Bolton street, for their seat, Drakelow,
Derbyshire; :Edward Oswald, Esq. from the London Hotel,
Albemarle-street, to Esher • the Earl of Darnley, for his
seat, Cobham Hall, Kent ; Lord and Lady Grantham, from St.
James's-square, to Dowager Lady Grantham's villa, Putney-
heath ; Sir George Talbot, at Mivart's Hotel, Lower Brook and
Davies-streets, from the Continent ; Mrs. and Miss Bathurst, at
ditto, from Hertfordshire; J. Bayley, Esq. at ditto, from Kent;
Hubert de Burgh, Esq. and Mrs. de Burgh, at ditto, from West
Drayton ; Lord and Lady Mark Kerr, from ditto, for Holmwood,
Henley-on-Thames; Lord Bayning, from ditto, for Brome
Rectory, Eye; the Hon. William Keith, from ditto, for Scot-
land; Major North, at Marshal Thompson's Hotel, Cavendish-
square; Mrs. Vise and Miss Vise, at ditto; Rev. Wm. Crawley,
at ditto; the Misses Maxivell, from- ditto: Miss Wilbraham,
Miss Anna Wilbraham, and Miss Eliza Wilbraham, from ditto;
Le Chevalier D'Almeida and Mons. Oliviera, from ditto; Rich.
H. Gumbleton, Esq. from ditto.

The KING continues to manifest unusual so-
licitude relating to the health of the Giraffe. His MA.
JESTY visits the menagerie at Sandpit-gate nearly every
day, and remains there a considerable length of time, always
with reference to the health of this rare animal, which is
considerably improved, in consequence of some suggestions
relating to its food and treatment, made by the KING him-
self; still it is doubted whether it will survive tu the end of
the year.

The Duke and Duchess of CL ARENCE, ac-
companied by the Duchess of SAXE WEInAR, left their
residence in Bushy-park, on Tuesday morning, for Frog-
more-lodge, the residence of the Princess AUGUSTA.
After being joined by the Princess the party proceeded to
the Royal Lodge in Windsor-park, to pay their respects to
his MAJESTY. The Royal party afterwards went to Wind-
sor Castle, and were conducted over that edifice, which
occupied them a considerable time in its inspection. On
leaving the Castle the party went to Virginia Water, and
visited the Hermitage.

Prince CHARLES Of LEININGEN (son of the
Duchess of KENT), arrived at the King's Palace, at Ken-
sington, on Tuesday afternoon, from Dover, on a visit to
the Duchess of KENT.

The Princess AUGUSTA came to town to her
residence in the King's Palace, St. James's, yesterday
morning, from Frogmore-lodge. Her Royal Highness
visited the Princess SOPHIA at her apartments in the
King's Palace, at Kensington, and partook of a dejeune
with her Royal sister ; and in the afternoon took her de-
parture on a visit to the Duchess of GLOUCESTER, at
Bagsbot-park.

The Duchess of KENT entertained a select
party to dinner yesterday, at her residence in the King's
Palace, Kensington.

The Earl of ABERDEEN and Mr. Secretary
PEEL had interviews with the CHANCELLOR of the Ex-
CHEQUER yesterday.

The Right Hon. STRATFORD CANNING
transacted business yesterday at the Foreign Office.
MARRIAGE IN HIGH LIFE.—On the even-
ing of the 21st, at his Lordship's residence in Portman-
square, were married by special licence, by the /tight
Hon. Lord FREDERIC BEAUCLERC, M. A. (the ceremony
having been previously performed according to the rites of
the Roman Catholic Church, by the Right Rev. Dr.
BRUMSTONE, V.A.) the Hon. EDWARD METRE, youngest
son of the late ROBERT EDWARD Lord PETRE, to LAURA
MARIA, fourth daughter of the Right Hon. Lord and
Lady STAFFORD. There were present at the marriage the
relatives of the two Noble Families—those of HOWARD,
PETRE, STAFFORD, JERNINGIIAM, DILLON, CLIFFORD,
NEVILLE, and GAGE. Mrs. FITZHERBERT was also pre-
sent at the ceremony, soon after which the Hon. Mr. and
Mrs. EDWARD PETRE left town for Lord DURHAM'S
villa, at Wimbledon.

THE " UNKNOWN" AT CHATHAM.—A
young man, supposed to be the same who has so lately
been in the habit of attending the most fashionable evening
parties in London unintroduced, made his appearance in
Chatham garrison on Thursday last, under the following
circumstances :—When he alighted from the coach in
Chatham, observing an Officer standing by, he inquired
of him if his brother, an Officer in the army also,
mentioning a name he knew would be familiar, had left
Chatham. Upon the Officer replying that he hail, a con-
versation ensued, ending in a polite invitation to the
stranger to dinner, which was, of course, accepted, and
in the evening a bed was provided for him at a neighbour-
ing inn, and a request made that he would favour them
with his company at breakfast on the following morning.
the meantime it came to the knowledge of the Officer
that a relative of the gentleman whose brother the stranger
had introduced himself as was then residing in the barracks.
and to him the invitation to breakfast was kindly extended.
When, however, the breakfast time arrived, and the
stranger was introduced to his cousin, he found it quite im-
possible to recognise his relative, and without waiting to
acknowledge the hospitality of his host, or go through the
tedious ceremony of explanation, instantly took his depar-
t ure. —.Kentish Gazette,

NEGRO SLAVERY.

(EXTRACT FROM THE ANTI-SLAVERY REPORTER FOR
JUNE, 1829.)
_

" At one o'clock of the morning of the sth inst.
in a very thin House, Mr. Qtway Cave moved the
following Resolutions, which were negatived with-
out a division, and, indeed, without a debate, if we
except some weighty preparatory observations of the
Honourable Mover."—(Here the Resolutions are
given.)
" We respect the motives which have influenced
Mr. Otway Cave on this occasion. We must still,
however, think the course he has pursued unfor-
tunate, and the time ill chosen. Who could ever
have supposed it possible, that after a Session of
four months' duration, a motion of which formal
notice had been given in the preceding session, a
motion, too, of such vital importance, and big with so
many vital interests, would at last have been shuffled
into a corner; that at the unseasonable hour of one
o'clock in the morning, on almost the last day of the
session, when no rational hope could be entertained
of a beneficial discussion or a favourable result, when
the House had been nearly emptied, resolutions so
momentous, and so sure to be opposed, should have
been brought forward and attempted to be passed ?
Such a course was hardly fair either to the friends
or the opponents of our cause; and not even dream-
ing that such a thing was within the verge of pos-
sibility, almost every individual who felt an interest
in the question had withdrawn; though, had they
remained, they could only have used their influence
to induce the mover to select a fitter time for his
propositions, to which, independently of this circum-
stance, we ourselves could not but be favourable."
—Anti-Slavery Reporter.;
In reply to the above remarks (apparently intend-
ed as excusatory of the conduct of what is called the
Anti-slavery party in the House of Commons, on
the occasion of their opposition to or extraordinary
dereliction from the principle of the Resolutions
preposed by Mr. Cave' on the evening of the 4th of
June,) it may not be inexpedient to point out some
few of the inaccuracies and inadvertencies into
which the writer of those remarks has fallen.
That the Session was of four months' duration is
true, but it is well known that the first part of it
was wholly absorbed by the Catholic Question.
The duration of the Session for other purposes,
therefore, must be calculated for the 21st of April
(about nine weeks), and Mr. Cave brought on bis
motion three weeks before its termination. On the
first of June, it will be seen by the published notices,
that Mr. Cave gave notice for the 2d of June. On
the 2d, at the request of a Member of the Govern-
ment, he postponed it to the 3d, and on the 3d his
attempt to bring it on was objected to by the leaders
of the Anti-Slavery party. In their presence it was
again postponed to the 4th, with the understanding
that it should then positively come on.

Pursuant to this positive understanding, on Thurs-
day, the 4th instant, in a House for the time of the
year and under the circumstances of the case, un.
usually full, Mr. Cave moved his resolutions, which
were not negatived, until a division and a short de-
bate had taken place; in which Messrs. Huskisson,
Wm. Smith, Lumley Saville, Sir George Murray,
and Mr. Goulburn, took part.
That it was hoped that the resolutions would be
negatived without a division, is .probable, as in
that case the desertion of the cause by individuals
would have escaped notice. But the Morning He-
rald, June Gth, in alluding to Mr. Cave's motion,
gives the following extract from the Journals of the
House of Commons, which shews that the resolu-
tions were not negatived " without a division."
" For the division the noes went forth. Mr. 0.
Cave was appointed one of the tellers for the year,
but no other Member remaining in the House to be
a second teller for the year, the noes returned into
the House, and Mr. Speaker declared that the noes
had it."

So far from his motion having been " shuffled into
a corner," every means have been taken, both pri-
vately and publicly, to ensure for it a sufficiency of
Parliamentary attendance and support, as will appear
from the subjoined statement of a member of the
Anti-Slavery Committee, whose authority is unim-
peachable, and whose name is forthcoming if neces-
sary.

‘ As early as February I brought forward a mo-
tion in the Amti-Slavery Committee, the object of
which was to secure the support of the Society and
all its friends, both in and out of Parliament, to the
principle involved in Mr. Cave's notice of motion.
My proposition was, however, like Mr. C.'s, nega-
tived."

It does certainly appear, that the leaders of the
Anti-Slavery Committee, who rejected the above
proposition, are bound to give their reasons for so
doing to the great party in the country which they
profess to represent. They will do well at the same
time to explain why nothing had been done in Par-
liament this year, why the annual meeting which had
been actually fixed for the 2d of May, was suddenly
and mysteriously abandoned, and how it has hap-
pened that the facts connected with Mr. Cave's re-
'solutions are thus strangely represented.
That en the evening of the 4th, when the motion
was actually made, the leaders of the Anti-Slavery
party in the House could not possibly have been
taken by surprise—as is clearly insinuated by the
tenour of the article in the Reporter,—may be seen
by any one who will take the trouble to refer to any
of the official documents of the Parliamentary pro-
seedings of the day previous, or to the reports of
the debates as given in the Mirror and public
Newspapers. _

(From the Times, June 4.)

" Mr. 0. Cave rose (last night) for the purpose
of bringing forward a proposition to declare that
children born of slave parents in his Majesty's Co-
lonies, after a certain period, should be free.
" Mr. Brougham, Sir J. Mackintosh, and Mr. F.
Buxton, recommended the Hon. Member to with-
draw his motion under existing circumstances.
" Mr. 0. Cave declared his determination to per-
severe.

" The gallery was cleared for a division, but none
took place, as, on the suggestion of several Hon.
Members, Mr. 0. Cave agreed to postpone his mo-
tion till tomorrow (this day), with the understand-
ing that it should then positively come on."
Left as he was in ignorance of the motives by
which the party were now actuated, Mr. Cave could
not do otherwise than follow a former exhortation
of its eloquent leader, Mr. Brougham, who, in the
debate upon Mr. Buxton's resolutions in the year
1823, made use of the following forcible and memor-
able expressions on the subject.
'6 It seems to me now to be the imperative duty
of a legislature, to pass some act with respect to the
freedom of unborn children. We shall be wanting
in our duty to that part of our fellow subjects, if we
do no not immediately announce our intention of
taking up that part of the subject. Difficulties
doubtless will be to be encountered; difficulties
there are in every change; but are they insurmount-
able ? I trust that no man will be stopped by them,
who does not wish to be impeded."
That Mr. Cave's motion was not made on " al-
most the last day of the session," will appear from
the fact that Parliament was prorogued on the 24th
of June, and that consequently an interval of about
three weeks elapsed between the close of the Ses-
sion and the day on which Mr. Cave renewed his
notice; that halfrpast twelve was not an unusually
late hour for proceeding with business is well
known; and Mr: Cave was prevented from bringing
on his motion earlier by a long and very unusual
discussion, which was raised on a petition present-
ed by Mr. Brougham. But after what had passed
the night hefore between Mr. Cave, Mr. Brougham,
Mr. Buxton, and Sir J. MaCkintoSh, does the editor
of the Anti-Slavery Rep- prier. really mean to insinuate
that if the hour had been earlier Mr. Cave's motion.
would have been supp,orted 2 Does the Editor Mean to
say that if Mr. CaVe 6' had selected a fitter time,"
" he himself could not be favourable" to the propo-
sitions, after what had passed months before in the
Committee ? On the same evening, Mr. w. Hor-
ton went at length into the subject of his impo}•taut

motion respecting our surplus population. On the
2d Lord BlandforJ brought on his important re-
solutions on Parliamentary reform, and on the Ist
of June, Sir J. Mackintosh brought on his import-
ant motion respecting our relations with Portugal,
When the House sat till a quarter before four o'clock
in tha morning. Yet, these gentlemen are not
charged with unreasonable hours, or delaying their
motions till almost the last day of die session.
That the House was not " nearly empty," will
also appear from the circumstance, that a majority
of forty-five was still left in it to oppose the carry-
ing of the resolutions, exclusively of a considerable
number of what is called the Anti-Slavery party,
who had thought proper suddenly and simultane-
ously to leave their places, both on the coming on
of the motion, and while the gallery was clearing for
the division.

It was impossible for Mr. Cave to know that his
resolutions were " so sure to be opposed," because
more than one member of the party alluded to, who
either voted and canvassed against him, or went
away as the division was taking place, had up to the
very day on which he brought forward his proposi-
tion, repeatedly and unreservedly promised him
countenance and support.
Here then is a notice of a motion for the 2d—on
the 2d it is postponed to the 3d—and the attempt
to bring it forward on that evening gives rise to a
discussion between Mr. 0. Cave, Mr. Brougham,
Sir J. Mackintosh, and Mr. F. Buxton, which ends
in an express understanding that this motion shall
positively be made on the evening of the 4th ; and
yet, suppressing all these facts, the Anti• Slavery
Reporter informs his readers that on the evening of
the 4th almost all those who felt an interest in the
question had withdrawn, not even dreaming that
such a thing as Mr. Cave's motion was within the
verge of possibility ! ! Can any one believe that be-
fore those gentlemen withdrew, they did not look
round and see Mr. Cave in his place, actually wait-
ng to make this undreamed-of motion ? Can any
one suppose, after the understanding of the preceding
evening, that they would not have taken the trouble
to ask him whether from any cause he had changed
his intention, if they had even entertained a doubt
on the subject ? Is it possible that these gentle-
men should have gone away, not even dreaming that
Mr. Cave's motion was within the verge of pos-
sibility ?
COVENT-GARDEN THEATRE.

A meeting of the creditors of this theatre was
held yesterday in the saloon, pursuant to notice.
_ _

Mr. MOORE was Galled to the Chair.

Mr. LOWDHAM said, it became his duty, as one
of the solicitors for Messrs. Kemble, Willett, and
Forbes, to explain to the gentlemen what had been
done since the last meeting, to state what steps had
been taken to arrange the affairs of the theatre, and
to describe the situation in which those individuals
now found themselves placed. He assured the
meeting that the gentlemen whom he this day re-
presented disclaimed all idea of dictating to the cre-
ditors, but would most cheerfully concur in any
measure which might be proposed by the parties
interested, with a view to the settlement of the af-
fairs of the theatre. On the 28th of June last a
letter was addressed to the solicitors of the other
two co-proprietors, Messrs. Harris and Const, ap-
prising them of the resolution which the creditors
had agreed to at the meeting held on the 27th of
June, and pointing out the necessity of the co-ope-
ration of all the proprietors, for the purpose of meet-
ing the claims of the creditors. Although no answer
was received to this communication, still it was
deemed advisable to address a second letter to the
solicitors of the parties, which was accordingly
done. In that letter Messrs. Harris and Const were
called on to come to some arrangement, " in order
that the property should not be wasted; but that it
should he placed in such a situation as would enable
the proprietors to meet the demands of the credi-
tors, which could be done without prejudice to any
claims that had been set up by the proprietors, and
which were not yet adjudicated." No reply was
received from Mr. Harris or his solicitor, until within
a few hours, when he saw a letter from that gentle-
man, published in the Morning Post, similar to that
distributed through the room. From Mr. Const's so-
licitors a most polite answer was received, which he
would read to the meeting.—(The letter censur-
ed as unbecoming the conduct pursued by the soli-
citors of Messrs. Kemble Willett, and Forbes, in
not addressing Mr. Const himself, and concluded by
stating that the communication which drew forth
this reply was returned unread). Such was the
polite answer of these gentlemen, whose names he
would forbear to mention. It was not his intention,
on the part of Messrs. Kemble, Willett, and Forbes,
to state the nature of their dispute with the co-
proprietors. He would only show to the meeting,
that if difficulties stood in the way of an arrange-
ment, they were not of those gentlemen's seeking,
who were most willing to take any step that would
be beneficial to the creditors. It was necessary to
state that the property was so situated, that it could
not be brought into the market for sale without the
consent of all the parties. There were difficulties
about Mr. Harris's share; and, independent of that,
Mr. Const had, by his bill in Chancery, caused a
receiver (Mr. Robertson) to be appointed. Now,
unless this was got rid of, it was clear that no per-
son would take the theatre. Messrs. Kemble, Wil-
lett, and Forbes, had done every thing in their
power to have the receiver withdrawn, but they had
not succeeded. The creditors, might, however,
compel the parties to do a great deal, which the
parties themselves could not force each other to per-
form. If it were the opinion of the creditors that
the theatre should be sold, he feared, looking to the
magnitude of the property, that it would be found
rather a difficult thing : and some arrangement must
in the first instance be entered into with respect to
the receiver. The account of the receipt and ex-
penditure during the last season, which was not ready
when the former meeting was held, had been made up,
and from that account it appeared that Messrs.Kemble,
Willett, and Forbes, bad last season sustained a seri-
ous loss, a loss of some thousands of pounds. He had no
objection to state the amount of loss, but the question
was whether it would be prudent to expose the affairs
of the theatre. Messrs. Kemble,Willett, and Forbes felt
the most anxious desire to carry on the theatre ; but
they could not be expected to do so when subjected
to an extensive loss. Looking to the excess of pay-
ments over receipts, in the last season, those gentle-
men thought it was proper that there should be no
delay in calling the creditors together, in order that
some steps might be taken to get rid of the receiver.
If this could not otherwise be effected, they might
apply to the Chancellor before he ended the present
sittings, which would be in a very short time. He
would say nothing about the disputes between
Messrs. Kemble, Willett, and Forbes, and their co-
proprietors, Messrs. Const and Harris, who were
equally liable with them, Leaving these points of
dispute to be decided hereafter, the former gentle-
men were anxious to render the property available
to the creditors as soon as possible ; arid he sug-
gested to the creditors that they should
.put them-
selves in an attitude to investigate at-id point out the
best mode of converting the property to their ad-
vantage, He was of opinion that it would be better
to appoint a Committee, consisting of a certain
number of individuals, and having proper professional
persons to advise with theli4, to examine the ac-
counts, and to see whether the creditors could not
compel all the co-proprietors to do that which Singly
they could not dc",. pe bad drawn up a memoran-
dum of a vesolutiOn in conforMity with his view of
the subject, which lie begged leave to read :
" That it is the opinion of this ,Toceting that a
Committee should be. appointed by the shareholders
and creditor of the theatre; Or the purpose of taking
ri2e,4*OS 'tai the -iiquidation and discharge of their
respective claims; that they shall be empowered to
take such steps as they may think proper to bring the
disputes of the proprietors to such a termination as
will allow the sale and disnositio:l of the theatre for
that PY'lilosP; that they Aill.alSo be empowered to
lel the t such Sale and disposition is car-

tied into effect; and that they shall be allowed to
employ counsel and solicitors."

In suggesting this course to the meeting, he
begged leave to observe, that he did not wish to be
put on the Committee if the proposition were ac-
ceded to, because the interests of some of the parties
might dash with those of his clients, which he was
bound to protect.

Mr. WEST wished to know how the expense in-
curred by the gentlemen forming the Committee was
to be defrayed ?

Mr. LOW- DIIAIII answered, that it might be de-
frayed by a small charge, in proportion to the claims
of the parties investigated.
Mr. WHITE was of opinion that the plan pro-
posed by Mr. Lowdham was the best that could be
devised, and therefore he moved that the resolution
be adopted by the meeting.
Mr. WEST inquired whether any communication
had been entered into with certain creditors, who
had commenced legal proceedings, as had been stated
at the last meeting, and whether they had disconti-
nued, or showed a disposition to discontinue, those
proceedings ? He also wished to know whether their
having taken legal steps would give them any advan-
tage over the other creditors, who had not done so ?
Mr. LOWDHAM answered that there were certain
legal proceedings going on of no great extent, which
affected the proprietors personally, and not the pro-
perty. A distress had been put in by one of the
shareholders, and the goods were removed into Sur-
rey. A great deal more property was taken than
was necessary. He believed nine or ten pier glasses
were seized, which, if sold, would not perhaps have
fetched half their value. The only remedy was to
bring an action, or to pay the money, and it was
deemed advisable to take the latter course, to pre-
vent the glasses from being damaged. The other
proceedings had reference to debts that affected the
proprietors personally, and not the property of the
theatre.

The resolution was then agreed to, and Messrs.
Moore, White, Pepper, J. Dickinson, and Bemas-
coni, were named on the Committee.
Mr. WEST said that according to the resolution
his property was placed in the hands of five gentle-
men, who were empowered to sell the theatre with•
out calling the shareholders and creditors together.
He was favourable to the appointment of a Com-
mittee, but not with such extensive powers.
Mr. WHITE hoped the Committee would be able
to make a report in the course of a fortnight.
Thanks were then voted to the Chairman, and
the meeting separated.

The following letter was circulated in the room :
" Tuesday, 21st July, 1829.
" Gentlemen,—ln consequence of Messrs. Kem-
ble, Willett, and Forbes, calling a meeting of credi-
tors of Covent-garden Theatre for Wednesday, the
22d of July instant, I think it right to state, for
your information, that in pursuance of an agreement,
under seal, dated the 11th of March, 1822, made
and executed between myself of the one part, and
Messrs. John Saltret Willett, John Forbes, and
Charles Kemble, of the other part, I did, on the
date of such agreement, give up the possession of
the theatre to Messrs. Willett, Forbes, and Kemble,
and that I have not, since that day, in any manner
acted as a proprietor of the Theatre, or interfered
with the conduct or management thereof ; but that
the same has been carrried on solely by Messrs.
Willett, Forbes, and Kemble, on their own account,
as lessees under such agreement, they having by
that agreement expressly covenanted to pay the
yearly ground-rent, taxes, and rates for the Theatre,
and also to pay the annuities to the renters and new
subscribers, and to indemnify me from all engage-
ments to be entered into, and from all debts and
liabilities to be contracted and incurred by them in
the course of their conducting and managing the
concerns of the Theatre from the day and date of
the agreement. I have further to state, that Messrs.
Willett, Forbes, and Kemble, are alone liable
for all debts and expences of every kind rela•
tive to the conduct and management of the
Theatre, incurred since the 11th day of March,
1822, and that I am not in any manner liable to the
creditors whose debts have accrued since that date ;
and that there is now due from Messrs. Willett,
Forbes, and Kemble, for rent, payable under such
agreement, upwards of 27,0001., being a much
larger sum than is due to the creditors of the theatre
whose debts accrued due prior to the 11th day of
March, 1822 ; which sum is applicable, in the first
instance, to the payment of such debts; and that,
by the same agreement, Messrs. Willett, Forbes,
and Kemble, covenanted to indemnify me from the
general debt then due from the proprietary of the
theatre, and from all the interest thereon.—l am,
your humble servant, " H. HARRIS.
" P.S. Messrs. Kemble, Willett, and Forbes,
may perhaps urge that the argument is invalid, and
has been decided to be so by the Lord Chancellor•,
upon appeal in the case of Harris v. Kemble;'
but it is to be observed that the present Master of
the Rolls was of opinion, and decreed, that Messrs.
Kemble, Willett, and Forbes, were bound to per-
form that agreement, and the decision of the Lord
Chancellor is appealed from to the House of Lords."

MR. WARD'S ACCOUNT OT MEXICO.---We
are requested to state that the Second Edition of this work,
carefully revised, is now ready for delivery, comprising a
very ample account of the Mining Companies and of the
Political Events in that Republic up to the present day.
THE COURT JOURNAL.—We are requested
to state that the early parts of the Court Journal having
been reprinted, complete sets of the twelve numbers may
now be had, and those who desire to possess the Work
from its commencement are requested to send their orders
to their respective Booksellers or Newavenders.

DEAF AND DUMB.--Mr. CURTIS, Surgeon
Aurist to his MAJESTY, has just published an Essay nn the
Deaf and Dumb, pointing out the necessiify of medical
treatment in early infancy, and the success which fre-
quently attends it in many c4ses of this description. The
Essay is illustrated by Gases and Plates; it contains much
ingenious research, and gives much useful information on
this intricate subject. It concludes with M. Brussaw's
Report to the Minister of the Interior of France, where it
appears that, according to M. absolute deafness is
extremely rare, and that ;AOt nn,re tlssn one-fifth of the
cases of deafness and dkunlmess which have come before
him, have presented a state of total deprivation of the
sense of hearing,

We learn with regret that Boyle Fann, the
seat of the late Lord HENRY FITZGERALI?, 'oil} shortly be
let with all its elegant furniture, l'he cheerfulness of
the neighbourhood, the oicellence of the house, its conve-
nient distance fro London, its delightful situation on the
bank of the Thames, the lawns and magnificent treos on
the immediate verge of the stream, and abcyve all the ex-
quisite taste of the late lamented um-er, which is every
where apparent, constituo iS unquestionably the most
beautiful villa in England. The splendid fete, of which
it w4s recently the scene, must have impressed ple4s.a.ig
recollections on the minds of many of our readers; The
pleasures of that day inspired the muse of Lord !'itaxgs 14.
GONER with one of her most claming effusions, and are
supposed to have suggeoe4 to Or. 11loortv the gorgeous
description of a festixal in the beginning of his eastern
tale.— Times.

DEVARTILRE OF DR. PHILLIP AND NINE.
MISS4ONA 1;1ES FOR SOUTH A "'RICA
companied by three missionaries from Gectnany, three
from France, and three from England., 'eft London on
Thursday last. On Wednesttax a public meeting was held
in Cannon-street, wilii;l4 was crowded to excess, wilral,
they tools ;,heir' leave of their London friends. 'Ale Rey.,
Josxvii FLETCHER, of Stepney, addresepc!, 111grld,
On Thursday last, thi. yva4er in the 041141 lior
Spilsby was rut\z!ed oft and a very largo quantity of fish
taken. About eighteen stone of bootifill eels were caught,
and a fine pike, which weighed 181bs. and a quarter.
This beautiful &411 was transmitted, by the Rev. J. 1-1.,
RAwIVA:I,:7. v, to Lord GWYDIR, at Grimsthorpe c;joiv.
The remainder of the fish were distributed, awpngst the
neighbours.—Boston Gazette,

WHEAT CRin,s-,The yellow maggot is
present doing considerable damage to the late sown o:heats
iu East Loitian; while the early-sown crone are quite un-
molested. Their growth is suppo4e4l to be caused by the.
July rains obstructing tba ayaporation of the bloom, !..y.
the corrupticln of which the moth or yellow twzgot is
foimacd.....,Eilinbitry/t Eve!+iv Currant,.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

CHELMSFORD RACES.

Tu ESDA V, JULY 21.--His MajePty's Plate of 100 guineas.
Three two mile heats.

The Duke of Grafton's Turquoise walked over, being the only
one entered.
A Sweepstakes of five sovs. each, with 25 added by the
Members of the County. Heats, the new mile.
Mr. Rogers's Verderer, 3 yrs
Lord Clanricarde named Mantua, 6 yrs
Mr. Pearce's Guildford, 3 yrs 3 3
General Rebow named Chew Bacon, 4 yrs 2 4
Mr. Houblon named Luna, 6 yrs
