existing Provisional Government. Such arc the rigorous
conditions. on which the Poles, whose insurrection was
hailed with such hope tnd applause in all the free States
of Europe, m purchase peace and oblivion under the degra-
ding yoke of their former masters. From these proclama-
tions it is evident in the fiat place, that the Lithuanians
have not joined their brethren of the kingdom of Poland.
Consequently the Russians now can speak a different
language 'to the latter, than they would have dared to nttor
had they received such support. In th't Ss..cond pint., it
may be kill red, that if any 'remonstrant: s have been
made to Russia by Fralace, or the Allied Powers, on the
breaches of the treaties which erected the kingdom of Po•
land old guarantei d its privileges, these remonstrance:
have hen treated with neglect or defiance. To
the third place, it is manifest from the language
of the Russian General, that the Autocrat wishes the
late insurrection in Pols.nd 11) be considered a matter of
trifling moments, mut to be put down like the revolt of a
few vii! des in Kamsehatka, or the borders of Siberia.
Hence he threatens the inhabitants of towns with a. levy
of extraordinary contributions as a pet.tety for their obsti-
nacy, and the Pdish soldi es t .`i.-en in arms with courts-
mat dal. But if ryl'u.le towns were to hold nut a siege
against tl.unps,—if whole arroi s were to oppose him,
it: the ficl.l,—this insolent tone would soon be lowered.
Such menaces, indeed, could not be executed ; for an army
cannot now be decimated in cold blood, u.tis a city subj,eted
to military execution, without eleiting such an abhorrence
among the nations of Hurope, as would hying overwhelm.•
ing asslstemte it) the oppressed, and inflict fiery vengeance
nit tht bppress.x, Times.

The ful owing important paragraph ai3peared in Aria's
Birmingham Gazette of Monday last :
" The anpiyerte4 of the formation of the Political Union,
we underltand, was celebrated on Tuesday, by dinners at various
taWerls .and public-houses. At the Globe about sixty members
timed, Mr: Thomas Attwood presiding, and Mr. Muntz and
Mr. B. Hadley officiating as Vice-Chairmen. In the course of
his remarks from the chair, Mr. Attwood Is stated to have said,
that the Union had now registered in their books about nine
thousand members, paying from four shillings to tWo guineas per
annum ; and that, Considering the influence which these nine
thousand Men exercised over the whole population of the town,
tiontainiog 111,00 souls, slid the nearly equal influence which
they exercised over tht inhabitants of the populous manufactur-
ing towns and districts around them, containing also from 2 to
300,000 inhati,ints more, the importance of the Union, con-
sidered in this light, as influencing a dense population of 400,000
moVils, was far too great to be disregarded. The Union (he added)
had condensed the moral power of this great population, and
gathered it, as it were, into an electrical mass, which was
powerful to every good purpose, and utterly impotent to every
bad one. Suppose, for instance, their good King should meet
with difficulties in his path froin the pertinacity of the Oli-
garchy, suppose they should refuse to obey the laws, and should
makefiglit upon the occasion ; why, the very moment the King
Comtnanded them, they would produce a National Guard that.
Would be like a wall of lire around his throne.—(Cheers.) It was
not too much to say, that if the King required it, they could
produce him, in this district, at his orders within a month, two
armies, each e' them as numerous and as brave as that which
conquered at Waterloo.' "
This offer of 400,000 men by Mr. Attwood, to fight the
oligarchy, is one of the signs of the times not to be neg-
lected. In a mouth's time, he says, lie can furnish two
armies in the Birmingham district, each as numerous and
brave as that which conquered at Waterloo ! The Oli-
garchy may be said to have bad their day. The Aristo-
cracy are its general paor ; and in England poverty is
never respectable, either in the high or low burn. With-
out Parliamentary Reform, the machinery necessary to
move the political system requires a power which they
cannot long supply. Mr. Attwood and his Birmingham
heroes wiil have all the merit of their offer without any
hazard. The Oligarchy are without support in the country.
They have hitherto been enabled to continue their usurpa-
tion by the vis-inertia of the mid,l:e classes. When the
latter have declared themselves the former must submit.
—Morning Chr2nicle.

SECOND EDITION.

SUN OFFICE, Seven ("Clock.

THE LONDON GAZETTE

OF THIS EVENING.

Commissions signed by the Lord Lieutenant of the county
Palatine .t Lancaster.
J. Ridgway, Esq. to be Deputy Lieutenant, Dec. 30.
C. Royds, Esq. to be ditto, Dec. 30.
J. Lawe, Esq. to be ditto, Jan. 22.
Commissions signed by the lord Lieutenant of the county of
Surrey.
Sir William George Hylton Jolliffe, Bart. to be Deputy Lieu.
tenant, Jan. 17.
11d Regiment of Royal ;Zurrey Militia.
William Charl2s Jenison, Gent. to be Ensign, vice Hay, re-
signed, Jan. 25.
•

Southwark Troop of Yeomanry Cavalry.
F. 0. Perkins, Esq., to be Captain, Jan. 20.
G. Perkins, Gent., to be Lieutenant, Jan. 20.
G. Scovell, Gent., to be Cornet, Jan. 20.
Commission signed by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of
Southampton.
Fordingbridge Troop of Yeomanry Cavalry.
E. Coote, Esq. to be Captain, Dec. 10.
E. Hulse, Gent. to be Lieutenant, Dec. 10.
J. Cock, Gent. to be Cornet, Dec. 10.
New Forest Troop of Yeomanry Cavalry.
H. C. Compton, Esq., to be Captain. Jan. 4.
H. W. Powell, Gent, to be Cornet. Jan. 4.
Corrections in the Commissions of Yeomanry Cavalry Officers,
inserted in the Gazette of the 7th January last.
North Hants Troop of Yeomanry Cavalry.
W. H. T. Hawley, Esq. to be Captain, instead of W. H. T.
Hanley, Esq.
T. Dumbleton, Gent. to be Cornet, instead of T. Drumblee.
den, Gent.
C. Lefroy, Gent., to be Cornet in this Troop, instead of C. Le
Roy, Gent., as Cornet in the North Troop of Valley of the
A• on Yeomanry Cavalry.
Lymington Troop of Yeomanry Cavalry.
W. W. Rooke, Gent., to be Lieutenant, insteand of W. W.
Rooke, Gent.

Whitehall, December 31, 1630.

The Lord Chanellor has appointed Thomas Fenn Addison, of
Gloucester, Gentleman, to be a Master Extraordinary in the
High Court of Chancery.

BANKRUPTS.

WILLIAM BRIMICOMBE, Totness, Devonshire, plumber,
to surrender Feb. 14, 15, and March 18, at one, at the Commercial-
rooms, Bristol. King and Whittaker, Gray's-Inn-square ; Cary
and Cross, Bristol.

DANIEL DESORMEAUX, Coles-terrace, Conduit-fields,
chemist, Feb. 15 at twelve, 18, at eleven, and March 18, at ten,
at the Court of Commissioners. Brooks, New Inn, London.
HENRY PERRY, Old Jewry, London, baker, George-street,
Bethnal-green, Middlesex, Feb. 11, 18, and March 18, at eleven,
at the Court of Commissioners. Aston, Old Broad-street, London.
CHARLES O'NEILL, Liverpool, builder, Feb. 14, 15, and
March 19, at one, at the Clarendon Rooms, Liverpool. Bebb
and Ganning, Great Marlborough-street, London ; Armstrong,
Liverpool.
THOMAS BURT, Holboni-hill, manufacturer, Feb. 11, 18,
and March 18, at twelve, at the Court of Commissioners. Hall,
Great James street, Bedford-row.
JOHN FARRELL, Liverpool, horse-dealer, Feb. 14, 15,
and March 19, at twelve, at the Clarendon Rooms, Liverpool.
Bebb and Gauning, Great Marlborough-street, London ; Arm-
strong, Queen-square, Liverpool.
JOHN ALLNUrI', Chcsham, Buckingham, paper.maker,
Feb. 15, 18, and March 18, at eleven, at the Court of Commis.
sioners. Richardson, Ironmonger-lane, Gheapside.
MOSES ANSELL and JACOB ANSELL, Berkeley-street,
Lambeth-walk, Feb. 18, at eleven, W, and March 18, at ten, at
the Court of Commissioners. Yates and Sydney, Bury-street,
St. Mary-Axe.
SAMUEL COE, Shimpling, Suffolk, maltster, Feb. 11, at
three, 12, and March 18, at eleven, atthe Bell Inn, Bury St. Ed-
munds. Wayman, Bury St. Edmunds; Walter, Symonds-inn,
Clancery-lane, London.
CHRISTOPHER TAYLOR,. York, innkeeper, Feb. 16, 17,
and March 19, at twelve, at the Elephant and Castle, York.
Smithson, Dunn, and Hawdon,l New Inn, London; Robinson,
York.
GEORGE ELEKER LOWNDES, Radcliffe-highway, iron-
monger, Feb. 15, 18, at twelve, and March 18, at at ten, at the
Court of Commissioners. Hensman, Bond-court, Walbrook.
SAMUEL MIA LL, Sun Tavern-fields, St. George-in-the-
East, victualler, Fes,. 8, at eleven, 22, and March 18, at ten, at
the Court of Commissioners. Lowe, Southampton-buildings,
Chancery-lane.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT

THIS EVENING.

HOUSE OF LORDS.

The LORD CHANCELLOR did not take his seat on the
Woolsack till nearly Half-past Five o'clock.

REFORM.

Lord KING presented petitions from Lancaster, St.
James's, Clerktnwell, Kidderminster, Political Union,
Stirling, Perth, Knaresborough, and several other places,
praying for Reform.
The Earl of 11ADNOR presented petitionv of a similar
nature from Totness, .Lewes, the Ward of Farringdon
Without, Dursley in Gloucestershire, Wolverhampton,
Crawford-street, Manchester, and several other places.
The Duke of NORFOLK presented petitions from St.
Nicholas, Galway, for the equalization of civil rights and
the abolition of slavery.

MESSAGE FROM THE COMMONS.
Sir J. SCARLETT and several other Members from the
Commons brought up the Judgment and Ereeutipn Bill,
svhid, the House of Commons had agreed to with some
amendments.
Mr. CAMPBLT.L brought up, a private Bill.
The Earl of ROSSLYN presented petitions from four
Royal Burghs in Fife, praying f,r Reform.
Lord FARNHAM moved fur certain returns relating
, to the growth of tohacco in Ireland.—Ordered.
•

The'Marquis of LANSDOWNE, in presenting peti-
tions praying for Parliamentary Reform, from Greenock,
Crompton, Doncaster, Witham, and several other places,
took occasion to express his satisfaction that a plan of
Reform had been now agreed upon with the unanimous
approbation of all his Majesty's Ministers, a plan which he
had no doubt would give very general satisfaction,
and would be of lasting duration. That plan, which would
shortly he presented to the otl:er House, had had his most
hearty concurrence ; and when the subject came before
