(No. 12,039.)

LONDON, THURSDAY EVENING, MARCH 14. 1833.

BRITISH INS"! ITU I lON, PALL-MALL.
THE GALLERY for the EXHIBITION
awl SALE of the WORKS of BRITISH AR-
TISTS is Open Daily from Ten in the Morning till Five
in the Evening. _ .

ASSIZE INIELLIGENCE.

developed transactions which called for a further inquiry
elsewhere.
Mr. POLLOCK proceeded to read the letters, one set of
which was addressed to Mr. Graham, who had been the
attorney of the plaintiff during the election, but who now
acted for the defendant. The other set were from the
plaintiff to the defendant. One of the for, er stated some
doubts about his (Mr. Bayntun's) qualification being
perfected, but begged Mr. Graham to keep that to. him•
self, and that at all events, he (Mr. Bayntun) would
take the oaths and his seat. Another s iid he had
already received about 30 applications for pl ces, and
wihed to know hots they must be answered, and stating
that lie had not yet decided which side of politics it would
he most convenient for him to take. Nearly or quite a 1
of them were upo❑ the subject of paying the expenses of
the election, and for putting off the day of reckoning till a
rather more convenient season. Those to Mr. Cattle ex-
pressed the warmest gratitude and thanks for his valuable
assistance; spoke of remitting money, and the very last
mentioned the deiit still due to the defen Cant.
The Learned JUDGE could not reprobate these transac-
tions in laneuage too strong. The ques•ions he should leave
to the Jury were,—first, did Cattle di•burse all the money
he received, or was there a balance due ? secondly, was
any part of the money applied to unlawful purposes ; and
if so, was the plaintiff privy to it ? If he was, he could
not recover, though there even might be a balance ; and he
warned the people of York to lock well to themselves, or
i, was probable that a further inquiry into these trans-
actions might deprive them all of their franchise together.
He then proceeded to di•cuss the evidence, after which
The Jury retired for some time, and returned with a
verdict for the defendant, adding—. We find that Mr.
Cattle received and disbursed the money, and that the
money was given for an illegal purpose, with the know-
ledge of Mr. Bayntun."

NORTHERN CIRCUIT.—YORK, .111.1.ncfr 11.

BAYNTUN V. CATTLE.
Mr. Sereeant JUNES stated the case. The plaintiff is

Admissinn lc.—Catalogue Is.
WILLIAM BARNARD, Keeper.

now Member of Parlisment for the city of York, and this
is the third Parliament in which he has sat for the city.
He is the son of a wealthy clergyman at Devizes, anti was
a Ca,.tain in the Ist Regiment of Guards, called the
King's Own, and being quartered at York, and having
made himseif very sgreesble to the inhabitants, us as invited
to stand as a candidate for the city at the election in the

HIGHLAND SOCIETY OF LONDON.
ALGENERAL COURT of this CORPO-
RATION to ceb-hrate the ANNIVERSARY
of the VICTORY of ALEXANDRIA, will be held at
the Freemason's Tavern, on THURSDAY, the 21st inst.,
at 5 o'clock, Dinner at 6 o'clock precisely.
The Right Hon. Sir GEORGE MURRAY, G.C.TI.,

summer of 1830. Mr. Bayntun knew little about
elec-
ti ,neering matters, but he was &rare that funds to a cer-
tain extent would be required, and the sum of 7,603/. 5... sd.
was placed at the disposil of the defendant Cattle, for the
purposes of the contest. The way in which this money
was disposed of would form the present inquiry; there
would be no th uht hot it would be very readily tr.e.,(l
into the hands of Mr. Carle, and he must discharge him-
self f o'n it as he could. The Learned Sirgeant then

Presid,nt. in rh•• Chair.

Members are r, quested to appear in the Highland Garb
or in Unifortn. Visiters to lie introduced by Members,
hut M. mhers of the Highland S ciety of Scotland, and of
the branch Socie.ies of Madras, Bombay, Aberdeen, or
Canada, are admissible without introduction.
Tickets, One Guinea each, may be procured at the
Tavern.

proceeded to state some of the items which formed
the account of the disbursements of the defendant,.

J. MACDONALD, Secretary.

who, during both t, ,e first and the second election
was the treasurer of Mr. Bayntun's committee, but
in the third had deserted him, and gone over to the
other party. Boside the amount before mentioned, credit
was riven in the account to Captain Bayntun for a sum of

THE GENERAL STEAM NAVIGA-
TION CONIPANY'S PACKETS leave LONDON
For HAMBU G, with his Majesty's Mails, every Wednesday
and Saturday early in the Morning.
For ROTTERDAM, with his Maject,y's Mails, every Wednes-
day and Saturday Morning, at Seven o'clock precisely.
For OSTEND, every Saturday Morning.
For CALAIS, every Sunday Morning.
For RAMSGATE, every Saturday Morning, at Half-past Eight
o'clock precisely, from St. Katharine's Wharf.
Fur Freight, apply to Mr. Norman, Agent, No. 1, Wa-
ter-lane, Tower-street; and for Berths at this Office. In-
formation may also be had at 56, Haymarket.
N.B. Passengers going to Hamburg are requested to be
on board early on Tuesday and Friday Evenings'
Powerful Steam-packets for Towing and Excursions.
CHARLES BESSELL, Secretary.
General Steam Navigation Company's Office,

500/. subsequently remitted to the defendant, making in
the whole, in round numbers, 8,1041. On the other side

of the account were payments of the most extraordinary
kind, in large lumping sums, without he specification of any
items whatever, and no vouchers that they had been paid
was ever produced beyond the account which the defendant
himself had rendered. A large portion of the expenditure
professed to be for the conveyance of outvoters from various
places. For London the sum charged was 9921. 0,6 d. ;
for Leeds, 2141. 15s. ; Hull, 602/. 9d. ; for Min-

chester, 2701. 11s. Bd. ; Sheffidd, 135/. ; for admitting
freemen at Ymk, 3001.; to Mr. Graham, 700/. ; music,

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

69, Lombard-street.

226/. 17s. ; 1,185 Chrisrmas-box,s, 1,1851. ; to several
innkeepers, 1,0441. 2s. sd. ; wi,h various other items

HOUSE OF LORDS, MARCH 13.

FOR EDINBURGH. ,

a smaller amount, leaving, apparently, on the face of the
account a balance of about 191. unaccounted for. The
Learned Sergeant said, however, that he would show that
no such sums as were charged were in reality paid. For
instance, there were 102 London voters, which cave more
than 91 per head. He would call a man who would
swear that 71. only was paid. He would show similar
overcharges in other cases ; and, having thus impeached
the account, it would he for the defendant to discharge
him.elf by showing that he had paid the money, or the
plaintiff most have a verdict for the difference ; and he
contended that he should he enabled thus to show that the
balance in favour of the plaintiff in reality exceeded 4001.

Lord KING presented a petition from Be anineter,
praying for the immediate abolition of slavery.
Lord SUFFIELD presented a petition to the same effect.
The Earl of SEFTON presented a petition from a
Protestant Dissenting congregation in Liverpool, praying
for the removal of the disabilities under which the Jews
laboured.

THE LEITH AND LONDON NEW
ST EAM-S IPS, ROYAL WILLIAM and
ROYAL ADELAIDE, each 200 horse's power, having
continued running during the Winter, are now appointed
to sail from the St. Kitharine's Duck Wharf, London.
and will land their Passengers, &c., in Leith Harbour, as

Earl FITZWILLIAM (who this day took the oaths
and his seat) presented petitions, for tie immediate aho•
lition of slavery, from Kettering, B►•eworth, and several
other places in the county of Northampton.
The Bishop of BATH and WELLS presented a peti-
tion for the better observance of the Sa.libath, and pray.
ing that stage-coaches and waggons might not be permit-
ted to travel on that day.
The LORD CHANCELLOR presented a petition from
Fowey, praying for the immediate abolition of slavery.
The House then adjourned.

follows :
ROYA L ADELAIDE, JAS.] Saturday, March 16, at Ten, P.M.
MILLS, Commander
ROYAL WILLIAM,M
NV- } Saturday, March 2.3, at Ten, P.M.
CHAPLIN, Commander.—
ROYAL ADELAIDE Saturday, March 30, at Ten, P.M.
ROYAL WILLIAM Saturday, April 6, at Ten, P.M,
And every following Saturday till further notice.
FARES, INCLUDING PROVISIONS.
First Cabin £4 4 0
Second Ditto - 10 0

John Wilson—Was a member of Mr. Baynturi'rs election
committee in July and August, 1830. Mr. Price was
chairman, and the defendant was treasurer. The free-
men of York were the electors then, out-voters as well as
in. There were 102 from London ; their expenses on

Carriages, Horses, and Goods, on Freight as usual.
Information obtained, berths secured, and Goods re-
ceived for shipment, at the Leith and Glasgow Wharf. Also,
by Thos. Robertson, 164, Strand ; H. Underwood, 56,
Haymarket; M. Saunderson, Boar and Castle Inn, Ox-
ford-street ; Mr. Slark, OW White Horse Cellar, Picca-
dilly ; and Mr. Gilhert, Blossoms Inn, Lawrence-lane,
Cheapside ; where light goods are received, and forwarded
to the Wharf till Five o'clock on the day of starting.
JOSEPH ADAMS, Agent,
Leith and Glasgow Wharf.

the road were paid in London by the committee there,
and the sum that the defendant paid them for their return
was 71. Witness saw some paid. He also saw two men
from Hull paid 235., and another man 10s. The average
amount of the whole timber apportioned upon the saw
charged would be more than 31. 1,185 Christmas-boxes
were given to as many voters, at 11. a piece, for their votes.
The JUDGE said it was a highly penal action, and that

HOUSE OF COMMONS, MARcH 13.
The SPEAKER took the Chair at five o'clock.
Sir JOHN BYNG brought up the Report of the Se

lect Committee appointed to inquire into the validity of
the return of Lord Arthur Marcus Cecil Hill, for the ho
rough of Newry. They reported that las had been duly
elected, and that the petition was neither frivolous nor
vexatious. They also reported specially, that Lord A. Hill
had not been guilty, during the late election for the borough
of using cotrupt influence, yet the system of bribery ex-
isted to a considerable extent, and the Committee wished
to direct the attention of the House, as it was understood
in the gallery, to the evidence of two individuals upon the
subject.
The question was then put from the Chair that the
minutes of the evidence be laid before the House.—
Agreed to.
The SPEAKER then said he had to acquaint the
House that Mr. F. Barnard, who had petitioned against
the return for the King's county, had not entered into his
recognizinces, and the order for taking the petition into
consideration was therefore discharged. lie had also to
inform the House, that Col. Bruen, who had petitioned
the House, complaining of the undue election for
the county of Carlow, had not entered into his
recognicances, and therefore the order for taking the peti-
tion into consideration should be discharged. He had
further to acquaint the House that the Hon. Thomas
French, who had petitioned the House against the return
for the county of Galway, not having entered into his
recognizances, the order for taking the petition into consi-
deration should be discharged. He bad further to ac-
quaint the House that Mr. Fryner, who had petitioned
against the return for the borough of Sligo not having
entered into his recognizances, the order for taking the
petition into consideration should he discharged.
Mr. H. G. VERNON moved for certain returns of all
prisoners confined in prison for breaches of the laws of
excise and customs, by the Justices of the Peace, in con-
sequence of the non-payment of penalties.
Mr. ROBINSON presented a petition, signed by nearly
600 of the most influential and respectable inhabitants of
Portsmouth, complaining of the close corporation of that
town, which hitherto had had the uncontrolled ma-
nagement of all the fees and dues resulting from
taxes on shipping, and which was under the in-
fluence only of a few individuals on whom the
inhabitants of the town had no check whatever.
This was one of the many specimens of the ill effects of
close corpora ions in large towns. The borough con-
sisted of 50,000 inhabitants ; until a very recent period
the corporation consisted (as we understood) of only 12
burgesses ; the corporation, with an instinctive sagacity
which they det=erve,l great credit for, immediately on their
becoming acquainted with the determination of the House
to institute an inquiry into the subject of corporations,
had admitted a n Jrnher of Burgesses to the number of
50. 'f he Corporation h td considerable sums of money
in their hands, and although he was not instructed to
state there had been any misappropriation, yet the inha-
bitants complained that they were shut out from all con
trol over the very large 'undo which carne from time to
time into the hands of the corporation. The petitioners
prayed the House to institute an inquiry, into the
corporation of that borough, in order that some
control might be given to the inhabitants
over the corporation, and that the election
of Aldermen should be restricted to resident burgesses.

the witness might or not ar:swer any questions which
might implicate himself, for this case could not stop here.
Witness said he did not pi), the money; they got an
order from the defendant, and they were paid in another
room.

Cross-examined—There were many expenses incurred ;
York his always been an expensive place of contested
elections till the last. The voters have to be conveyed ;

they dined and supped together, and took care to drink
Mr. Bayntun'a health rather too much sometimes. They
have to be talked to, and looked after, and canvassed, and
a room provided for them. He did not know if the
6021. Bs. Od. included all the charges on account of the
Hull voters.
Thomas Smith—ls a freeman of York, and voted for

Mr. 11 tyntun in 1830. He then resided in London, and

came from London on purpose to vote. There was a man
in London appointed by the London committee to pay
their expenses down, and Cattle paid him 71. for expenses
to go back. The money received from the London commit-
tee was only for expenses on the road, and did not include
coach-hire, and the 71. was for witness to return back
with ; but he never returned at all.
James Smith—Voted for Mr. Bayntun in 1830. He
come from Cherry Burton with four others from Thirsk
and Driffield ; six others came from Beverley. Witness
%as paid 30s. by Cattle. The outside coach fare was
about 3s. He saw three others paid the same •
Cross-examined—That is all I got. I saw two from
Beverley and one from Cherry Burton paid. A man,
named John Lawson, received 30a.

John NY indswerth, secretary to the society of hell-
ringers in York, proved having received four guineas;
they rang two sets of hells, ten in the cathedral, and eight
in the church in Carey-street, twice a-day for eight days,
and received four guineas by an order from Cattle, which
he wrote in the street, and which was paid by his man at
the coach•office.
Cross-examined—The other candidates paid each the
same sum. The bells rang for all the candidates jointly,
and were very impartial.
JUDGE-4 hope they did not split.
Jai es Richardson—l acted for Mr. Petre in 1830. I

know the scale of expenses allowed by his committee.
The JUDGE—We can't shut our eves and suppose it is
dark. The money was neither paid for coaches nor coach
fares. It has nothing to do with it.
Mr. Sergeant JONES—We did not pay it ; Cattle paid it.
Robert Henry Anderson—l was agent to Mr. Petre in
1830. About 200 of the new freemen vo'ed for Mr,
Petre, and the same,2oo voted for Dond is. They split their
votes. I paid for Mr. Petre 4461. 4a. 91. for their freedom.
Cloue_h examined—l went over the accounts my-
self. I became acquainted with the money that had been
paid, and really did think that Cattle was as cautious as
he could be. He always stood out to the last, and made
the freemen take less than they wanted. I was never beftre
engaged in a York e'ection, but was as much in that elec-
tion as any one. I talked with Mr. Bayntun about Cat-
tle's standing out with the freemen. At the latter end of
the election Bayntun sa:d that Cattle was too cautious, he

wished it to be done with more spirit, and said money was
no object. He said f,equently they were not to mind
expense. On the morning of the clo-e of the election, I
told Bayntun that we were so safe that we might all go
home and go to bed, for there were not votes enough left
in all to pass him. He said Cattle was too niggardly, and
he wished to be at the head of the poll, cost what it would.
This was at 11 o'clock in the forenoon. This election
did not coat so much as many contested elections in York
by thousands. Bayntun was at the head of the poll by
about 20 votes, and between 200 and 300 above the third
candidate.
By the JUDGE—He was well aware of the money
having been paid for the freedoms. He never heard him
mention the Christmas-boxes, but he knew well enough
where the money went. He was often at the committee.
Captain Bayntun knew that they had a man sitting in a
back room of the committee to take up the freedoms of
the men who came. All the committee knew it. Captain
Bayntun said once, why did they not come up faster?
and they told him they were making freemen as fast as
they could.
Mr. Pommel:, for the defendant, commented with great
force and severity upon the conduct of the plaintiff, who
had, for some reason or other, changed his plitics when
he had abused the friendship of those Wm had assisted
him, and now sought to take advantage of them by conduct
which was disgusting to every honourable and honest
mind. He said he was in possession of a number of the
plaintiff's letters which exposed the whole case. He would
show that the plaintiff had expressed the warmest grati-
tude to the defendant, and again and again acknowledged
his great obligations to him, and it would plainly appear
that on the very day on which the remittance of 5001.
was made he acknowledged himself indebted to the defen-
dant. This would be an answer to the action, and would
at once put him and all his professions of honour and
honesty out of court together.
The Learned JUDGE ,;aid the defendant must use his
discretion as to the papers which he intended to produce.
He well well knew that if unl,wful practices were fixed
upon one, and the other participated in them, both were
guilty, and he would warn them to take care of the conse-
quences, for he did not sit there to countenance gross and
abominable practices to which no man could shut his eyes,
and he should direct all the papers produced to be int.
pounded. The ease could not stop here, and he had no
wish now that it should be settled out of Court. It

He (Mr. Robinson) was anxious to present the petition,
because the subject matter to which it referred,was already
under the consideration of the Municipal Committee. Be
was not aware that the Hon. Member who represented
the corporation would make any oppo,ition to the peti-
tion. He (Mr. Robinson) would not trouble the House
with any remarks on the subject. The Committee had
already commenced their inquiries, and he r•as only
anxious to have the petition referred to them.
Mr. ROBINSON moved for a return of all the Corn.
wissionerm to the Customs and Excise who had been su-
perannuated from the year 1810 to the present period,
stating their age, together with the amount of their sala-
ries, and the period for which they had received such ea-
:aries.

Lord SANDON gave notice that to-morrow be would
move that the Liverpool Corporation should be heard by
counsel in the Committee appointed to inquire into the
Liverpool bribery.
Mr. O'CONNELL stated that the Solicitor-General
had given notice of his intention to bring in a Bill for the
abolition of fines and recoveries, in order to do away will.
the litigious and expen,ive modes of assurance of estates in
this country, but which, from its machinery, did not and
could not apply to Ireland. And as there could be no
reason why such a Bill should not be passed with respect
to Ireland, he moved for leave to bring in a Bill of the
same sort as regarded Ireland. He would only observe
that he meant to adopt the Bill precisely which the Soli-
citor-General had brought in, with the exception of some
of its details, to make it applicable to Ireland.
Mr. W. PATTEN stated that as it seemed to be the
general wish of the House that they should proceed with
the Committee upon the Irish Reform Bill, be would not
pi ess his motion, of which he gave notice for to day, but
be could not avoid saying be was extremely anxious to
bring it forward as early as possible. He had been accused
by letters from all parts of the country of an intention, by
this motion, to throw out the Factory Bill, brought in by
his Noble Friend the Member for Dorset, but he could
assure the House and the public that his motion was in-
tended to have no such effect. The object was merely to
afford individuals the opportunity of rebutting what they
considered to be unfounded charges. He trusted he should
be able to obtain an early opportunity of making his mo-
tion.

Lard AL THORP moved tbat the order of the day

r '•
. \
, C TAtt,:k
44:11
-s• •
•
, •
t It, 4t
latt
e _
, 4k- 116,,
- • ki
``-"`ox rf.:, lip. • —
•
,IMP‘ I 0 \
,t 4

which waq ,he .trAinan, case.
Lord ALTHORP bowed an assent.

(PRICE 7D.)

be read for the whole House going into a Committee on the

Irish Disturbances Bill.
Mr. WILKS hoped the Hon. Member (Mr. Patten)
would not bring forward his motion, at a time when the
House was likely to he taken by surprise.
Mr. CUTLAR FERGUSSON suggested the propriety
of postponing the discus4ion of part of one of the clauses
a

,e Bill, which Lord Alrhorp agreed to.
IRISH DISTURBANCES BILL.
Lord ALT HORP, in moving that the Speaker leave the
chair, observed that he wished to state that there were two

points in the Bill in which Ministers intended to make

alterations. The first was with respect to courternartial.
Ministers were perfectly ready to say, that no person

should be permitted to sit on courtsmartial, under the
rink of captain.—(Cheers.) And secondly, that when

he number of meinbere constituting the Court did not

consist of more than seven, five should be required to
agree on the verdict, and therefore if the courtmartial
consisted of only five, the verdict must be unanimous—
(Hear, hear)—and if the courtmartial consisted of
seven, five must concur in the decision. The other po'nt
W4B as to the dumiciliary visits. With respect to then,
Mini.ters proposed that it should be sufficient when per-
sons in cffice visited houses, to call upon the peroons
dwelling in the lit use to appear, and if they did so, that

was sufficient,—doinz away with the power of enterne
the house. The Noble Lord concluded by moving that
the Speaker do now leave the chair.
Mr. WARBURTON rose to ask the Nol4lo Lord whe-

:her the commanding-officer would have the power of

sending back the sentence of the courtmartial for revision,

111 r. O'CONNELL, in rising to move an amendment to
the motion that the Speaker do leave the Chair, wished to
call the attention of the House to that great principle of

. .
the Bill which involved the right of petitioning. He
was not inclined to abandon any part of his
_ .

. .
ovn opinion for the convenience of any Gentleman
wHo was opposed to the principle of the Bill.—
(Hear, bear, hear.) There had been a great majority
against him on the reading of the Bill, and therefore he
did not wish to put the House to any inconvenience, other-
wise he would have divided the House on the question

that the Speaker should have leave to point out what part
of the Bill should first he taken into consideration. But
the question now assumed a very different appearance.
It was one now of the very last importance—it was whe
tiler lie!and was to be deprived of all her rights—whe•
ther she was to be completely under a military dicta-
tion?—(Hear, hear.) It would, therefore, be his
duty to take the erase of the House up in every ques
thin that involved the principle. It was his intention
to move that it be an instruction to the Committee that it

w is the undoubted right of his Majesty's subjects in Ireland
to meet for the purpose of petitioning the King and both
Houses of Parliament. He particularly wished the House
to understand he did not wish that any breach of
the peace should be committed under that pretension. His
only wish was to preserve to the people that which was
their undoubted right and greatest privilege—the right
of petitioning for redress of their grievances, leaving it to
the Committee to provide such means as not to allow the
provisions of !he Act to he evaded, but that the meeting
should be for the bona fide purpose of petitioning the
King, Lords, and Commons. That applied to the first
clause of the Bill, which gave power to the Lord-
Lieutenant to disperse or suppress any meeting for what-
ever purpose it had been held. It required no sanction—
no oath—no evidence. It conferred upon the Lord-. Lieut.
political infallibility. As to theassertions of the Noble Lord,
they were (and he said it with no disrespect) perfectly
ludicrous, about giving the power of a juror to a person
merely because be had obtained the dignity of a captain.
Really he thought that it could not be seriously intended.
As to the concessions of the Noble Lord, they were of a
most trivial nature, and he reminded the House of the
sentiment the Bill must raise in Ireland—of the little at-

tention shown in that House to the people of Ireland, and
the indifference with which the rights and liberties of the
Irish people were treated by them. If that course were a
wise one, let them pursue it; but if it were not, be en-
treated them to pause before they drove the people to de-
spair. He would not trust himself with predicting what
might arise, because it might be said that he w.Ja dictating ;
but let it be remembered that Ireland had never been
properly treated by England—that Ireland had derived no
advantage from ker connexion with England.—(oh, ob.)
He repeated that she had derived no advantage whatever,
and he challeneed any man to show the contrary. He
implored the House not to continue this system of mis-
government which had so long prevailed. He found in
the spirit of the present Bill, the spirit of the former
mis-management of Ireland—(Hear, hear.) The right
of petitioning was one, the value of which was ne-
cessarily obvious to every one, and without that right
of complaint it was impossible that the House could be
acquainted with details of the operation of the laws. But
if that right were necessary in England, it was infinitely
more so that the people of Ireland should have the free and
unbiassed right of petitioning, for a great deal of igno-
rance prevailed in the House relative to the real state of
that country. There were gentlemen in the House who
were willing to support the entire of this Bill, and the
Government, with the miserable exceptions they had men-
tioned, were also willing to support the whole of it; so that
to talk of these, he had a right to address himself, as if the
Bill were to be passed in the form it now stood. To those
who wished to support parts of the Bill only, he would
address this argument, that they could not be certain of
being in a majority in any one clause; but upon the ques-
tion of the right of petition, those opposed to it would
certainly be in a minority. Supposing that the Bill passed
in its present form, what would be the situation of
the country from which the right of petition was to be
taken ? The Habeas Corpus Act was to be suspended,
and a constable, or any one the Lord Lieutenant might
choose to appoint, would be able, in any district the
Lord Lieutenant proclaimed disturbed, to imprison, in
any place he thought proper, any one of the King's sub-
jects. Further, there were to be courtsmartial in which,

in spite of the petty precautions of the Noble Lord, the
greatest abuses might occur. In the year 1800 this
tact occurred. A courtmirtial of five officers was sit-
ting to try a certain number of prisoners. The Judge-
Advocate told them that there was no evidence against
the men, but as they had been detained a considerable
time, it would not be well to dismiss them without an
admission of their guilt. The plan for proving this
admission having been concealed, the prisoners, three in
number, were called in, and told if they woul.l confess their
guilt they would be pardoned. The plan succeeded, and
the men, rather than stand their trial, acknowledged

themselves guilty. The Court was then cleared, and i❑
spite of the agreement that was entered into, the met,
were convicted, on the vote of duets out of the five
officers, and transported. A gentleman had offered to
prove this at the bar of the House, and he was one of the
five that formed the courtmartial. Let Hon. Members
recollect this circumstance, and that courtstnartial were
to be established under this Bill. Farther, houses would
still be searchable for arms or for strangers. The modifi-
cation proposed by the Noble Lord would be almost
fruitless ; for, the tight of search existing for strangers,
there would be no difficulty in making the allegation
that the search was for another person who did not
appear. The allegation would give the right of
search, and the right of examining the sexes, than which
none had been more abused ; for if there were an inquiry
he could prove that officers, militia officers certainly, in
exercising this right, had paraded no less than six naked
women of one family before them, in order to ascertain that
there were no men among them.—(Hrar.) Let the House
recollect that this Bill was brought forward without inquiry,
and indeed inquiry had been pertinaciously refn•ed,—that
it had been brought forward without the trial of special
commissions, which had always succeeded both in Englaud
and Ireland, and had, on the contrary, been goading the
people to outrage throughout the country, the police
shooting them with impunity. It was in a country so si.
tutted that they proposed to take away the right of
petition—( Hear , hear, hear)—the only check the
people of Ireland could have upon the tyrannical
powers here given. He said this advisedly, for it must he
remembered that the Bill gave indemnity for all ac's
committed under its authority. Suppose a courtmartial
guilty of the most atrocious tyranny and injustice—sup-
pose it to punish a man perfectly innocent—suppose it
draw out a confession of guilt, knowing no evidence of it
existed, upon a promise of pardon—no remedy could
exist by action, or habeas corpus, and no means of causing
the injustice to be known, except by tlw right of petition,
now proposed to be completely taken away. except, indeed,
in such cases as the Lord Lieutenant might choose to thinl.
were such as to warrant him in allowing the parties to
petition, and even that power of indulging was
