GERMAN PAPERS.

FROM THE RUSSIAN FRONTIERS, JUNE 18.-
We hear from all quarters that the late sudden changes
in various departments of the Ministry, in the Cabinet,
and in the Emperor's household, have caused a great sen-
sation abroad, and given rise to many reports. Even here many
different accounts are in circulation. The letters from the ca-
pital even contributed rather to increase the uncertainty in which
we were, than to raise the veil which hung before the whole bu-
siness. It was but to clear that every body was afraid to ex.
presi himself in writing upon a subject which could not be
touched without naming a great number of persons who had
hitherto enjoyed very considerable influence. 'We were there-
fore obliged to wait patiently till the arrival of travellers, who,
by their situation and connections on the spot, could know the
real state of the case, or be disposed to communicate infor-
mation concerning it. From such persons we have now at
length received satisfactory explanations, and we hasten to
communicate what we have learned, the more so as the facts of
the narrative do so much honour to the present character of the
Emperor Alexander.
It will be reinetubered, that this generous Monarch, not long
after his accession to the throne, directed his attention
,to
humane plans for the amelioration of the situation of the most
numerous class of his subjects, and expressed on many occa-
sions his wish for the alleviation and gradual removal of die
yoke of vassalage, which oppressed the Russian peasantry.—
The Emperor himself began by setting a good example; order-
ing, by an Ukase, the emancipation of the vassals of the Crown.
Several Russian Nobles generously followed the example given
by the crown, and emancipated the peasants on their estates.
'I he Emperor, faithfid to his principles, succeeded in obtaining
the abolition of slavery in the Baltic- provinces ' • and by the
new organization of the immense provinces of Siberia, the
slavery of the peasants is for ever abolished there ; meantime
the benevolent views of the Monarch for the happiness of so
many millions of his subjects, met with ninth opposition from
the nobility in Russia Proper, and in order to disgust the Em-
peror with the ideal various means were contrived to excite a
spirit of dissatisfaction and discontent among the emancipated
peasants ; an object which was at- length obtained by rigorous
exactions of the taxes. At the same time it was contrived to
"represent this to the Emperor as a consequence of the emanci-
pation of the peasantry. As seine great men at the head of
. the Administration, and about the Emperor's person, acted
upon this system, the complaint of the oppresed -people could
not reach the throne, and their distress was concealed from the
Emperor. At length an Ecclesiastic, by the aid of the Em-
press Mother, acquainted the Emperor with the real state of
the case, upon which a considerable number of persons were
immediately removed front their offices.
NUREMBERG, Jut.v 2.—ln the sitting of the German Diet
on the 26th of June, a new memorial of Dr. Scliruler was read,
which has been printed and distributed among the Members of
the Diet; as in the Memorial the writer, referring to the state-
ment of the Hessian Minister, that " amicable arrangements
had been made with Several purchasers of domains, so that
most of them were satisfied," says, 'that to avoid misunder-
standings, he thinks it is duty to state to the Diet, that this ex-
pression of the Hessian Ambassador must refer to purchasers of
domains who are absolutely unknown to him. Confiding in
German integrity, and the wisdom of the Cabinets, he hopes
the Diet will be enabled by instructions from the Government
to decide this affair in the time fixed.
Sr. PETERSBU n J oat E 17.—The Grand Duke Nicho-
las returned on the 1261 from Robrinsk.
Three hundred and six ships have already arrived at Cron-
stadt ; one has 36 lasts of silver from. Wolgast,_ probably the
' remainder of the Jecian contracted for by Rothschild. Our
trade with China increases almost every month. In .January
this year the value of time goods bartered at Krackla was
1,601,730- rubles ' • tea and nankeen are the chief articles fur-
nished by the Chinese in return.
