THE FAVOURITE ANNUAL.

EiIISHER's DRAWING-ROOM SCRAP-
BOOK,
•1841,
By MARY tiOWITt;
With thirty-six higlily‘-llnibcd Plates, comprising Portraits,
Views; Histbrital Subjects, &c. Elegantly bound in enibissA
Satin, price One Guinea.
This favourite work has maintained its ground for ten years;
whilst every other annual has considerably th.orca'Sid iii sale.
Now ready, the &bob,' Edition of
THE JUVENILE SCRAP BOOK for 1841. By the
Author " The Women of England." With Sixteen Plates,
tastefully bound, price Bs.
" It has been ray desire to render this as much tin historical
work as the plates will admit, that it May not Only supply
amusement for idle hours. but be thought worthy a place in
the Juvenile Library, and of being referred to in after years."
—Author's. Preface.
Imperial Octavo, large print.
The FAMILY PRAYER-BOOK and CIIRISTI.tN'S
DAILY COMPANION. By the Rev. J. MORISON; D.D.
Containing Prayers for every Morning and Evening throtighnut
the Year, &c., &c. Cloth, gilt edges, 21s. strong calf, mar-
bled edges, 265. ; morocco, lUs.
The work is strongly recommended by
Werillaw, B. Boothroyd, Caleb Morris, Robert Halley, J.
Leifchild, Charles M. Birrell, James Sherman, J. Pye Smith,
St
Henry Blunt, &c., e. the Revds. Ralph
Fi,her, Son, and Co., Netvgate-street, London.

VAN BUTCHELL ON FISTULA, &c.
Fourth Edition.
Just published, in Bvo. cloth boards, price 7s. 6d. enlarged,
FACTS and OBSERVATIONS relative to
a successful MODE of TREATING PILES, FIS-
TULA, HEMORRHOIDAL EXCRESCENCES, TU-
MOURS, and STRICTURES, without CUTTING or
CONFINEMENT; illustrated with numerous cases. Being
a familiar exposition of the practice of S. J. VAN BUT -
CHELL, Surgeon Accoucheur.
Published by H. Renshaw, No. 356, Strand ; sold also by
the Author, at his residence, No. 16, Percy-street, Bedford-
square.
"Few men connected with the complicated departments of
surgery are deserving of more grateful mention than Mr. Van
Be chell, whose unwearied dedication to the cure of those most
painful of all diseases, which this book treats of, has resulted in
a continued course of success in cases of the most hopeless and
forbidding nature * We find nearly every pge re-
cording some astonishing cure in patients whose sufferings
had been of many years' duration, ml most excruciating in
their nature. The warmth of expression with which the gra-
titude of some of the restored is couched must be truly gratify-
ing to the feelings, and highly creditable to the skill and judg-
ment, of Mr. Van Butchell.' —Weekly True San.

INFIRMARY for the CURE of STRIC-
TURES of the URETHRA, SYPHILIS, GONOR-
RIVEA, GLEETS, and all DISEASES of the GENERA-
TIVE and URINARY ORGANS.
Notwithstanding the above Institutic is closed, Patients vial
continue to receive the GRATUITOUS ADVICE of the Sur-
geon (Mr. Ceurtenay, 42, Great Marlborough-street,) by ap-
plying at his own hcase instead of the Charity.
Hours of Attendance, from Eight to Ten in the Mornings
and from Seven to Nine in the Evenings. On Sundays is the
Morning, but not in the Evening.

SCHOOL for the INSTRUCTION of EN-
GINE DRIVERS on RAILROADS.
The DIRECTORS of the POLYTECHNIC INSTITU-
TION hereby give Notice, that the SCHOOL for this pur-
pose will OPEN on MONDAY, the 21st inst., for the reception
of CLASS PUPILS. The following is a Syllabus of the
Course of Instruction :-
1. On the expansive property of steam, according to the
density of the atmosphere and the power exerted on the piston.
This to include stationary engines, whether condensing or high
pressure, as well as the locomotive. 2. On the mechanical
structure of the steam engine. 3. On the velocity of bodies
on planes, when a certain force is applied, particularly referring
to inclines or declines, in order toA,ebow Vasa it is necessary to
increase or diminish the force of ihe engine. 4. On the tan-
gent at which, at any given velocity, the engine is likely to go
off the rails when running on the curves. b. On the strength
or size of ropes or chains necessary to draw weights or loads on
the railroad, whether on inclined planes or not. 6. On the
strength of tubes requisite for boilers, and on the proper weight
with which to load the safety valve. 7. On the power of trac-
tion on engine or rail. 8. On the quantity of water and coke
required per mile. 9. On the. resistance of the atmosphere in
high winds.
The Course will consist of Lectures occupying Three Months,
at the rate of Three per Week ; and the Hours of attendance
arc from Seven until Eight in the Evening, its the Theatre of
the Establishment. Fee for the Course, Two Guineas. The
Theory of Steam and of the Engine will be taught by the Pro-
fessor of the Institution, assisted by an experienced DRIVER
(originally a LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE MANUFAC-
TURER) in the PRACTICAL DEMONSTRATIONS.
The Pupils will have the use of large Sectional and Working
Models of Locomotive, Stationary, and Marine Engines, with-
out additional expense. An Examination of the Pupils will
take place at the end of each Course of Lectures, to which the
Directors and Officers of the Railroads will be invited; and no
Pupil to receive a Certificate from the Institution unless he
passes this public examination satisfactorily.
N B. Analyses, and Assays of Minerals and Earths.
Further particulars may be had, by applying to Mr. Long-
bottom, Secretary, at the Institution, 309, Regent-street.

FOREIGN PACKETS.
THE GENERAL STEAM NAVIGA-
TION COMPANY'S Powerful and First-rate STEAM
SHIPS are appointed to SAIL from off the CUSTOM
HOUSE or TOWER, for
HAMBURG (carrying her Majesty's Mails), every Wed-
nesday and Saturday. The CITY of HAMBURG, Wednes-
day, at Five; JOHN BULL, Saturday, at Six Morning.
ROTTERD AM (carrying her Majesty's Mails), every Wed-
nesday and Saturday Morning at Seven precisely. The GI-
RAFFE Wednesday, COLUMBINE Saturday.
ANTWERP (with a Bag of Letters from the Post-office).
The SOHO every Thursday Morning at Nine.
OSTEND. The EARL of LIVERPOOL every Satur-
day Morning. Next Saturday at Five.
HAVRE. The JAMES WATT, 25th, at Eight o'clock
in the Morning, and every ten days.
BOULOGNE. Every Thursday and Saturday. The Il AR-
LEQUIN on Thursday at Four, MAGNET Saturday, at Se-
ven Morning.
CALMS. Every Thursday and Sunday. The WILLIAM
JOLLIFFE Thursday at Six Morning.
Further Particulars may be obtained, and Berths secured, at
the Company's Offices, 37, Regent-circus; or at the Chief
Office, 69, Lombard-street, London.

_pATENT LEVER WATCHES.—Messrs.
AVERY and CO., Watchmakers, tcc., 36, Ludgate-
street, St. Paul's (opposite Messrs Everingten aad Co.'s),
offer to their Friendsand the Pubhe their celebrated PATENT
LEVER WATCHES, capped and jewelled in four holes,
double bottom silver cases, maintaining power, &c., at six gui-
neas, and with 3/4 plate eight guineas, of workmanship •f the
highest class of excellence, equal to those charged 25 per eent.
higher. Gentlemen's levers, in gold eases, fourteen guineas
and upwarth; Ladies', witk gold dial, at twelve guineas and
fourteen guineas. Good new Silver Verge Watches at 525. 6d.
A warranty with every watch for twelve months.
N.B.—An immense Stock of Jewellery and Fancy Goods at
25 to 30 per ceet. below the usual London charges.

21, FLEET-STREET,
andY cPAORTUwNRDIGSHT, SAVEDsg
NEARLY OPPOSITE CHANCERY-LANE.
DilentisEtsMN2esls,rtFlelleTti-IWs7rNeVEeNtN,Ebleg to call public attention to their
new andbeautiful EVERLASTING TEETH, the most clean
and wholesome that can be worn : they are so exactly formed
to nature, both in shape and colour, that the closest observer
cannot detect the difference, with this advantage—they never
change colour, decay, or wear out; and a complete set, on fine
gold, for which they will only charge 15 to 18 guineas, will last
for 20 years or upwards, and are far superior to those usually
charged 30 and 40 guineas. A single tooth, one guinea ; three
ditto, two guineas and a half. Natural teeth supplied from 51.
per set, or 10s. per tooth. Messrs. Browne and Cartwright's
method of fitting neither requires the extraction of stumps nor
gives the slightest pain ; and having had upwards of 20 years'
experience in the profession, can guarantee to restore pet feet
mastication and articulation, having succeeded in thousands of
cases, in hundreds of which other dentists had entirely failed.
The above are totally different from the brittle glossy French
teeth, usually supplied by dentists as newly-discovered mineral,
&c. A visit will convince the most sceptical of the fact.

ENGLISH and SCOTTISH LAW, VIRE
and LIFE ASSURANCE
and LOAN ASSOCIATION,
No. 147, STRAND near Somerset House.
Capital, One Million.
This Association embraces—Every description of risk con-
tingent upon Life and Fire—An extensive Legal Connection,
with a Direction and Proprietary cornposed of all elass.l—A li-
beral systettt of Loan, whether for a term of months or years,
or upon annuity, in small Or large amounts—A Union of the
English and Scotch Systems of Assurance, by the appointment
of a Board in Edinburgh.

Life Assurances effected for 201. and upwards, with participa-
tion in profits. Interest at the ra,te a 41. irft cent: per annum
allowed tipkin stitiseritied Capita] from the date of payment.
EDWARD BAYLIS,
147, Strand. Resident Actuary and Secretary.

STOPPERS for DECANTERS, BOT-
tJ
able and uteri& Silt,
---st•tute for Corks dr .GlasS. These fit.
TLES, &c.' (BR
perfectly air-light with slight
OCkEDON PATENTEE), a valu•
pressure. They neVer become
fixed in the decanter, nor are they
c.liable,mteay be keptfraeture from dadordecay,
and by them wines, l'quors, beer,
to day, and used occasionally, without losing their flavour or
becoming flat. They are manufactured also for Eau de Co-
logne and baler Essences of the toilet, and petfettly preserve
them froin evapbration 4ticl loss of fragrance.
To tie had, mounted in plated or silver tops, of all respecta-
ble silversmiths and hardwaremen ; and wholesale of the agents,
S. Mordan, and Co., City-road ; and E. Binyon, Bell's-build-
ings, Salisbury-square, Fleet-street.
_ _

Tdoe?EGORI AN
tx.
R
HE TOOTHACHE is PERMANENTLY
CUREDforbtyhethEeara-apephliecaatniodnTiocf.e the
re , The above
valuab'e discovery was providentially made by the Rev. GOR-
MAN GREGG, a.CletOrnan of tl? 1411 C? of P
--ngland, who
PASTE ; also
was mahy ,e5.i•S the Mar* of 'an excruciating toothache.
The composition now used with such success was the only one
of many which he found, not only on trial in his own case, but
in numerous others, in the course of an extensive private ad-
ministration, to be instantaneous in its effect, and painless
in its operitietn, ._
Genuine at 3, Opera Arcade, Pall Mall East (late of St.
Paul's), where all orders are executed; 78, St. James's-street;
and at several Medicine Venders.
•

the ekcittsiVeness of the
ATEL.---UQdottbtetil)
loyal Navy, which
gives to the holder such ample mztans and materials for
observing and noting the amusing Romance, as well at
the terrible reality
,attendant oh, R. sailor's life, as that of
tbeTrbilisErro NO:ion NcoAnnVecAteLcl with {he the v 4
a " Naval 6targeon.'
lifya,estr,,eaung
deck,
privacy .0 f the Captain's cabin, and even the reckless
indifference o *toils quart. r.
oprbariousn6ss of all the othei
quartets of that floating city, a man.ot-war, yield up their
" The Naval Surgeon" ha,
secrets at once, before the terrors or agonies of the cock.
pit during an action.
, catiacity; for learning
more of the teal steam' of tea life, than all other naval
officers united. A Naval Novel
opportunities, and
at;
therefore, bearing tin
tittle of " The Naval Surgeon" and corning from so obs.tr.
vent a writer as the autinett of " CaVeudish," will bt
looked for with eager curiosity, b.
; the many admirers e
this popular class of prose fiction.
generally
THE COMIC MISCELLANIES Old' THE LATE
JAMES SMITH.—A contemporary has remarked that this
is "one of the most amusing tbooks that have appeared
since the ever-famous Rejected Addresses themselves," and
it seems that it is not only destined to vie in the attractior
of its Contents with that renowned production of the tw.,
brothers, but even to rival it in popular favour. This i•
not at all to be wondered at, for if the Rejected Addresses
with their unity of interest, arc now as much in demand a-
on their first production, a 3 great a degree of popularity
may naturally be expected for the '•Mi Comic scellanies,'
numbering
nearly two hundred productions of the atithoi
in prose and
verse, which for shrewdness of wit, and ri-
q,l;ney of jest, are almost anapproached by any other
writer of the dell
INCLEMENCY OF TIIE WEATllER.—Christ-
mas, that delightful season, which brings se many enjoy-
ments in its train, is still accompanied by disaivaatages
which disturb, though they cannot destroy its enjoyments,
and convince us of the fact, that there is no human good
without its mixture of ill. Among the inconveniences of
this season must be reckoned that injury to Female Beauty
and Complexion, which results from the rudeness of. the
winter's blast, and the general inclemency of the weather.
In such a case it is highly satisfactory to reflect, that
science and enterprise have discovered a remedy, and that
Messrs. ROWLAND and SONS, in tilCii unrivalled KALYDOR,
have provided a protection, which ;rill enable the most
delicate female to brave the fury of the winter's wind—
without fear of injury to her Complexion. Equally effi-
cacious .is their MACASSAR OM, for the Flair; and their
OnoNTed r the teeth and Gums. ,

FIFTH ARTICLE.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.—This is an article
of comparatively trifling public importance, and
only worthy of notice as a further illustration of
the general principle and general practice. Only
one gentleman, Mr. Hanley, a harp-manufacturer,
was examined on this subject, and though we do
not put complete confidence in his evidence, some
parts of it are curious, though rather from an ex
posure of some quackery in the musical world than
from throwing much light on the working of import
duties. The duty on musical instruments imported
is 20 per cent., without reference to their class, or
to the country from which they were brought. But
this duty is not considered necessary as a protection,
for the superiority of the English manufacturer is
decided, and likely to be lasting. Key instruments
are more solid, and more enduring, and many
of them, particularly pianofortes, are sent abroad.
In fact it is well knov:n that a Broadwood is prized
beyond anything by the Continental musician, and
that the highest ambition of the first makers in
Vienna is to equal Broadwood. Very few insttu-
inents are imported—the exceptions are in the cases
of private families returning to England from Con-
tinental residence, and where new improvements
have been made by foreigners, and the British ma-
nufacturers want patterns. The difference in price,
however, between the foreign instrument and ours
appears to be very great—a piano that would cost
401. or 501. here might be obtained in Vienna for
101. or 121. If the duty were removed importation
might be anticipated ; because many persons would
not think of purchasing an instrument at the pre-
sent British price, would buy the cheap and inferior
foreign instrument to learn and practise on at first,
and then when they had acquired a proficiency,
would replace it by a London-made instrument,
the fair price of which, as long as our present supe-
riority of manufacture continues, can be maintained
to the fullest extent. Thus, by the increase in the
demand, the trade would be benefited, whilst a very
important benefit would accrue to the public—a
benefit no less, indeed, than that of extending
throughout the country the knowledge, use, and
practice of music. Our deficiency in this respect,
making it as yet a luxury for the rich rather than an
amusement for all, and which prevents an extensive
sale of musical instruments—is probably more than
anything else the cause of their high price in Eng-
land. Indeed, as the cultivation of the art has ex-
tended, the price of instruments .has fallen very
much, and will fall more as the demand for them
increases. Both trade, therefore, and the improve-
ment of the people would be promoted by extend-
ing the cultivation of music, which is impeded by
our duty on musical instruments. The quackery
which is produced in the profession' is thus
described—
FEES TO MUSICAL PROFESSORS.—The fol-
lowing is quoted from an abridgment of the evidence
which appeared in theStaifordshire Examiner :
It appears that a custom has grown up in the trade,
of paying a very large sum to music teachers, or " pro.
lessors,” as they are called, for recommendations to cer-
tain manufacturers. A papa, whose daughters are
learning music, not being a judge of instruments him•
self; And not caring -to trust to the judgment of his
daughters, would naturally request their master to
select an instrument for him. The master or " pro-
fessor" takes him to the maker with whom he is in
league, and who gives him 20 or 25 per cent. on the
price of the instrument sold, for the "recommendation,"
which per tentage is of course charged to the purchaser
in the price of the piano! This practice has now be-
come so universal in the trade, that the principal houses
will not sell an instrument to a private party without
raising its price just as if the professor's fee were to he
really paid out of the purchase money. The trade, says
Mr. Hanley, consider it wean to sell an instrument ex-
cept through the medium of a professor!
This " professor's fee" tends in several ways to raise
the price of instruments, and to discourage the practice
of the art in England. Not only is the fee itself tacked
on to the price, but as the professors arc paid a com-
mission it is of course their interest to make the pur-
chaser give the highest price. Mr. Hanley thinks,
that were the use of instruments more general, this
practice would soon become exploded, and in that case
the reduction in the prices of the instruments would
throw them into use among a larger class of persons
than at present, and consequently extend the trade.
Another great injury to the public is the monopoly in
the musical instrument trade which appears to arise from
the league existing between the principal makers and the
professors in their pay. These professors have incul-
cated a notion that all instruments are worthless which
are not made by particular makers. In the pianoforte
trade, for instance, no instruments will sell but those
made by Broadwood—in the harp trade, none but those
bearing the magic name of Erard. Now all this, says
Mr. Hanley, is pure prejudice. Frequently the same
hands make for any one else that make for Broadwood
or Erard ; they make with equally good materials ; and,
of course, bring the same experience to bear en the
manufacture. Yet such an instrument, because it does
not bear one of the magic names, is not received, al-
though if the word Broadwood or Erard is only put
upon it fraudulently, it will be readily sold, and give
perfect satisfaction:
This species of imposition is not dhtised by the
heavy duties ; but there is no doubt that if the
importation were perfectly free, some of it would be
lone away, and the prices lessened.
PAYER deserves notice, on account of
the resistance which is likely to be made to teduca
tion of duty, and the palpable inferiority, at least
in the designs of the protected English stamped
paper manufacturers, and the paper of foreign
countries. The following is Mr. M•Gregor's evi-
dence on this point, but tie should have felt more
confidence in his statements had the Committee ex-
amined some paper manufacturers :
The paper that is imported is principally paper for
furniture hangings and the protection at present is
about 100 per cent. The paperhanging manufac-
turers have been exceedingly loud against any charge
taking place ; they say, if they have not 100 per cent.
protection, they cannot carry on their manufacture. 1
know no reason t-Th'y it rtheeld be so kept up ; because
it is evident that in Paris, with the ciceptidn di 'eery
expensive patterns, as gilded patterns, the price of all
the lower qualities is quite as low in England as in Paris.
It is altogether the fine papers that find their way here,
but the paperAangeiS ai-e tindef the impression that if
any change is made, French paper of all kinds will
come into very extensive competition with them ; but
from what we know I do not believe that that would be
the case. Printing-paper is exported from this country
very considerably to America. lam ndteezere to what
other countries printing-paper is extensively exported.
The Excise duty levied on the manufacture of paper in
this country is three-halfpence per pound. The import
duty is from f3cl; to Pd. per lb:, and ls. in addition
per square yard upon parier-hatigiug!. It is not requi-
site as a protection at the present time, because if the
manufacture could not exist without a protection of
more than 100 or 150 per cent., if the consumers of
paper are taxed to that amount; the paper trade cannot
be in a natural state ; the paper' fflantileettirT com-
plain that they havp more difficulty in getting, rags
France
imports the people of France have; but so long as
imports rags from the countries we get rags from, the
fact cannot be true. In regard to common paper the
principal paper ittanefacturers require scarcely any pro-
tection at all, and in regard to paper-hangings the duty
is enormous in propertiOn to its value. One, of the
principal paper-manutactureri, Alderman enales?
stated to me that, with reference to writing-paper, as
country did not fear any competition. But the paper-
hanging Manilfattiirefa are 10,+.d in their complaints
against any change ; they say that the' fetidire at Itast
a protection of 100 or more per cent. upon paper.
For all sorts of paper-hangings they say they require a
protection, which is strangely it patience with that
which is admitted by the paper manufacturers who
supply the paperhanging neannfacturers, that they are
not afraid of cottipeta
inn with other countries. It is
represented to us that the French excel in designs, ;bat
that 'they have better opportunities of getting better
designs than the manufacturers of this country. The
mechanical part of printing paper in this country is re=
presented by the printers or stainers as being much
more expensive than in France. The paper manufac-
turers in this country represent the price of such (layer
as they stain and print here, to be much less in Paris ;
the inquiries we have made in Paris give different in-
formation, that the price is very much about the same;
when you come to the finer patterns, the price here is
dearer than in Paris. And it is paper of that de-
scription which is chiefly imported.
Thus, for the few paltry pence which may go
into the pockets of our master paper manufacturers,
if any go—for no man will suppose, with the present.
competition amongst labourers in this country, that
the wages of paper-stainers are kept high by the
absence of competition with France, in that branch
of industry—a great principle is violated, comMefEC

•—•
SUGAR—A subject which has of late been much
discussed, but on which, nevertheless, much addi-
tional light is thrown. Mr. M'Grcgor's evidence
is to the efre-ct—and we beg the particular attention
of those who object to slavery to the fact—that our I
own sugar colonies, in which slavery has been abe-
fished, arc now supplied with slave-grown sugar
refined in England : •
Among the leading duties for the protection of co-
lonial produce are those on sugar from colonial pos-
sessions, 248. per cwt. ; and from other countries, not
refined, 3/. 33., and refined, 81. Bs., not including the
five per cent. The difference in respect to refined
sugar, strictly speaking, is likewise intended to protect
the refineries in this country, inasmuch as the British
colonies are not allowed to refine sugar ; not only are
they not allowed, but they do not now use any refined
sugar of their own growth ; they use foreign sugar re-
fined in bond here, Brazilian and Cuba slave
labour sugar. All the refined sugar used in our
sugar colonies is foreign sugar refined in bond,
and sent from England. It is sent to the West Indies,
to British North America, and to Australia. To all the
British colonies, I believe. They are altogether sup-
plied with foreign sugar, the produce of slave labour,
and refined here in bond. All the other colonies, not
sugar-producing colonies, are supplied from England.
We compel our other colonies to take sugar from us.
The refined sugar is all, I believe, from this country.
Those colonies confine themselves to use sugar from this
country. They have no means of getting refined sugar,
unless it be smuggled from the United States. Sugar
is allowed to be imported from the sugar-producing
colonies to our other colonies ; but the difference of
price between colonial and foreign sugar being more than
100 per cent. they come here, and consequently purchase
foreign refined in bond. The produce of slave labour
beitri cheaper, the sugar refiners who have been with
me on the subject, have stated that it is all slave-labour
sugar that is refirml to go to the colonies. That sugar
goes to the West India islands, where slavery is abo-
lished, and to the North American colonies, and to our
colonies generally. It has always been the practice to
supply th American colonies with sugar refined in bond
in this country, but not with foreign sugar refined in
bond, until the last few years. That has arisen from
the decreased supply from our own colonies, and the
greatly increased price of British colonial sugar in the
British market. Foreign sugar was not entered for
consumption till the week ending the sth of this month,
and during that week 415 cwt. were purchased and paid
duty of 665. itd., which is 635. duty, and 3s. odd, which
the five per cent. imposes. But since the sth, I under-
stand that larger quantities have been purchased—
Muscovado sugar, but chiefly Brazil and Cuba clayed
sugar.
EFFECTS OF TIIE PRESENT SCARCITY.—Have you
received (Mr, M'Grcgor was asked), any information
that the high price of sugar is likely to be an impedi-
ment to the usual preserving of fruit this season ?--To
a very great extent. I believe if the usual quantity of
fruit should be preserved this year, it will withdraw so
great a quantity of sugar from consumption as to raise
the price Is. 6d. per lb., and that only the opulent can
consume it at that price. Have you any doubt that it
is the protecting duty on sugar that causes it to be
raised in price ?—No doubt of it ; the difference be-
tween colonial sugar and other sugar is simply this : co-
lonial sugars sell at a price to justify paying a difference
upon the consumption of foreign of more than 40s. duty.
The prices of foreign colonial sugar in the London mar-
ket and in Hamburgh are nearly the same ? Supposing
we reduced the duty on foreign sugar, and in conse-
quence there was an increased demand for foreign sugar,
wonld not that stimulate an increased production in fo-
reign countries of such sugar?—lt would, but not to
the extent generally supposed. I find, generally, that
we make our calculation as if we were the only con-
sumers of sugar ; whereas, on the continent of Europe,
exclusive of France, there are about 100,000,000 who
consume nothing but slave labour sugar ; and our extra
demand would be only the difference of the quantity we
should require between what our own colonies would fur-
nish us and the whole quantity that we should consume.

Mr. Villiers—Have you ever considered what the an-
nual loss is to the revenue from this protective duty ?
—I consider at least about 3,000,0001.
Chairman—Do yoti mean to say that the•consump•
tion would be so much increased, if the du'y upon fo-
reign sugar were lowered ?—Yes ; the consumption of
sugar, taking the whole of this kingdom, is threc•quar-
ters of an ounce to every individual a day ; the calcula-
tions, made when I was at Vienna, and also when I was
in Paris, were, that each individual who took coffee or
tea twice a day consumed two ounces and a half, which
is exactly double the quantity that we have consumed.
This is exclusive of all that would be required, and that

to a grest extent, in the preserving of fruits, and in va-
rious other ways, such as home-made wines, pastry, and
many other preparations into which sugar enters.
Mr. Villiers—Had you occasion to observe, while
you were in Austria, what was the effect of doing away
with the monopoly on sugar?—The effect of doing away
with the special monopoly was quite extraordinary ; in
a short space of time it gave more revenue than the
whole net customs revenues had previously given. Pre-
viously to the time when the trade was opened, which
was in 1838, the whole trade of refined sugar in the
Austrian dominions was in the hands of a few licensed
importers and dealers, who had not only been licensed
individually, but it was like a hereditary licence, given
to them by Maria Theresa ; under which they had the
privilege of importing all their sugars for home consump-
tion, limiting the import alone to this protective impor-
tation ; the consequence of which was, that they them-
selves, from want of capital, or from other cireumstances,
could not supply the whole demand for sugar in the
country but they managed under these patents to im-
port an immense quantity, which yielded them enor-
mous profits. The nature of the change was, that the
whole sugar trade in the country was thrown open, not
only to natives, but to foreigners ; but there was a pro-
tection of 7s. given to them afterwards for the sugar
which they actually used in refining ; the consequence
of which has been, that having reduced the duties upon
all foreign sugar from '2.12 florins per centner of I:23ihs.,
what they formerly were, to 15 florins, and thrown the
trade open. and also reduced the duty upon refined
sugar to 18 florins per centner, the revenue has increased,
and the smuggling diminished, so as to give a net re-
venue from sugar alone, greater than the net revenue of
the entire customs was before. The effect of lowering
the price of sugar in England would be attended not
only with an increas.a of revenue of 3,00),0001. to the
State, but also with all the comforts arising from that
greatly increased consumption. The amount paid by
the consumer for the present monopoly of the sugar
market at the present moment is about 50 per cent, in
addition.
The sugar duties are now becoming particularly
onerous, because the supply is very short. It has
never been deficient to an thing like the present
quantity. In 1827 the supply was short, according
to Mr. IVlartineau's evidence ; and then East India
sugars were allowed to be brought in, and relief
obtained. In 1828 the refiners were allowed to
refine foreign sugars, on undertaking to export the
produce ; and that then gave relief. This system,
however, lasted only three years, and for the last
nine years the supply has depended exclusively on
the British West Indies, the Mauritius, and Bengal.
As our population has increased, the supply of this
necessary article has diminished ; and now the Le-
eislature deny all further relief. The consequence
of the lessened supply, so far as the revenue is con-
cerned, is, that it was less in 1839 than 1828. If
the supply had increased with the people, the con-
sumption would have increased as well as the re-
venue. Again, we find that both the consumer
and the State are sacrificed to the interest of a few
landowners in the colonies.
Another lesson is taught by the statement just
made. We hear perpetually, and with tenor, about the
caprice of mobs, and the instability of the popular af-
fections, but what mob caprice, or what mob ;;Istalii-
lift', can surpass the changes which the Legisla-
ture makes in its conduct? In 1828 and 1829, it
lets in foreign sugars ; in 1840 it will do no such
thing. Raw sugar is the material of a manufacture.
In general the Legislature wishes to encourage ma-
nufactures, and levies none, or only light duties
on the raw material ; here is an example of a heavy
or prohibitory duty levied on a raw material. What
caprice of any mob can surpass such caprice, such
totally contradictory principles ? Let the reader
look to the course of nature, and he will find that
the seasons return with unchanging regularitY, and
m
that the produce of every harvest bears a uch
closer relation to the extent of land cultivated than
to the variations of the weather. Invariably, too,
sugar is produced in one climate and wheat in an-
other. Nature, therefore, lays down and maintains
a regular and fixed rule for all great. commercial
un , dertakinas • but the Legislature, which fof
scorn at mob changeableness, hasN_now it o fi.xetaxes raw
d princi-
plivs whatever for its guidance.

materials, and then it declares that to belnischievoua
and to be reprobated. At one time it taxes heavily
a colonial, at another a foreign product. It acts by
—,tradictions, and deranges all commerce by at-
-.date it by a fluctuating rule. At one
tempting to rer,- Pcr
time it gives a bounty on trade, at another at anni-
hilates it by a prohibition.
TRADE TO THE BRAZILS.—FOr example, we
• could exchange a vast quantity of manufactures for
the coffee and sugar of Brazils ; no, says the Le-
gislature. you shall do no such thing, foT I will not
allow the coffee and sugar of the Brazils to be given
in exchange for your manufactures. Thus the du-
ties which straighten the people and curtail the re-
%Toe, cut off trade. Who, tan answer for in-
:merely , r
er the gratification of a fcw 'y Vest
Indian landowners, such inassof misery ;its society ?
Some proofs of these points. wili be found in the fol.
lowing extracts. Mr. ill'Giegor sap :
Ttie general opinion expressed by mercantile. psrtice
trading with the Brazils is, that our trade .during the
last five years would have more than doebled, both in
navigation and in the sale cf British goods, if we had
taken at low duties in return the produce that the Bra-
zils lied to give us. Our trade with Brazil iecarrild On
in British tied indirectly by American ships. We
have not ceelneively the carrying trade between Brazil
and Europe. But the principal part ?•-a-Up to the pre-
sent time we have, but now the ships of Hsinburgh,
B.emen, Holland, France, and other countries enter
largely into the trade. I think the greater portion of
the whole trade of the 13raz:s with the north of Europe
might have been carried on by 1.-;ogland if the trade had
been free. The treaty with Brszil; eqeich cannot expire
,
until 1844, binds us to Like their produc'. B4y that treaty
we have stipulated that all British produce aft : enanue
factures shall be admitted for consumption in Brazil pt
a duty, the maximum of which is not to exceed 15 pet'
cent. ; we have no stipulation whatever as to receiving
their 'produce, except as to its paying no other or higher
duties than that of the most favoured nations ; but the
Brazilians are anxious to break up the treaty ; and, Dal
breaking it up, to give us notice that they will prohibit
all our manufactures entirety, if we do not testiee nick
sugars. About five millions' worth of our manufactures*
go to the Brazils. It is the best market we have for
all our manufactures, unless it be the United State.
But unless we receive their produce:at reasonable duties,
they will prohibit the introduction of our manufactures,
or impose duties which shall shut them out, whenever
the present treaty expires. The rejection by the Brazils
of the manufactures of Glasgow, Manchester, and Bir-
mingham, would be productive of great distress in this
country, and very general dissatisfaction. Considering
the competitiou that exists in every other market, as-
suredly, by the prohibition of our manufactutee in the
Brazils, we should destroy the demand for the. same
amount of labour as is now employed in producing fkose
manufactures, and the condition of our operatives wrath'
he werse than that of the slaves in the Brazils. Ho.?-
ever deplorable their condition otherwise, they ere al-
weys provided with substantial food, sufficient clothing
and lodging ; our operatives have no security as to Rue'
maintenance except from the Poor-rates, which forth
one of cur greatest general taxes, and which ie CbiegY
caused by our protective duties.
Mr. James Cockshott, a merchant in Liverpool,
trading to Pernambuco, and an expotter of British ma-
nufectures for fourteen or fifteen years, gave the fol-
lowing evidence :—At Pernambuco the currency is
paper, which is at great depreciation. To purchase
bills of exchange on Englaud or Europe we find great
difficulty. We arc in some measure driven to the ne-
cessity of taking the produce of Brazil in exchange for
British manufacture. We ere obliged in many cases to
take sugar as the best means of remittance for the
goods we send out to Pernambuco. I have a cargo
now at Falmouth ; the vessel has been there ten days;
she called at Falmouth for orders, and she is loaded
altogether with swear from Pernambuco. Her cargo is
:26.5 tons ; I would deliver it in London for :255. per
cwt. for the white, and 21s. for the brown, in bond,
They are equal to British plantation at 61s. and 575.,
both in bond. The difference in the value: of that
cargo, if it were admitted at the same duties as Bri-
tish plantation is 361. per cwt. ; end if sonsnmed hero
there would be a saving to the country of 9,540/. upon
that single cargo. The value of it in bond is 6,5001.,
at the prices I have mentioned, and it would be words
9,840/. more than it now is, provided it were admitted
at the same duty as British plantation sugar. Conse-
quently the loss to the public by the exclusion of that
sugar is 9,5401. on a single cargo of '265 tons. • I have
had another cargo lying in London the last twelve
months, and I have never been able to sell it at any-
thing like a profit, or indeed to save myself. Both
cargoes were sent here in return for British goods ex-
ported. The difficulty of procuring bills of rxehange
at Pernambuco, and the dif:ficulty of getting the pro-
duce of Brazil into this markt:t,
is a great imperil-
ment to the extension of the cipo:t of British ma-
nu;actures from this country to Brazil. TLC British
trade consists of our staples, cottons, linens,LardvaTe,
and woollens. The returns from Pernambuco are

chiefly in SU,Arg and cottons ; some hides, and sums
Brazil woof. There is no impediment as regards
hides. The cotton, too, from all parts of the world
pays the same duty, India and ctie-Drtash colonies ex-
cepted. The impediment at this time, to the exten-•
sion of the commerce with the Brazils is the inabirity
to sell its sugar, instead of !curling it to the continent
of Europe. As an exporter of British goods, if I were
able to bring sugar direct to the market of England,
instead of being obliged to send it to Trieste and veer
places, by which agency and other expenses are in-
curred and delay occasioned, that would be a consider-
able saving. Pernambuco exports, I should think,.
about 30,000 to 35,000 tons of suk,rar annually. To,
the Continent ; and to Portugal chiefly. Tim present,
state of our commercial relations with the Bradls
renders the means of remittance extremely difficult
and inconvenient, and thereby checks the commerce
of England with that country. We employ British
shipping to carry our cargoes to Brazil. In sending
remittances circuitously to the Continent, no find
that. foreign shipping carries cheaper than British, and
it our return cargoes could be brought to England it
would tend to increase the employment of P,H
shipping.
We shall close, for the present, with that. We
have sometimes called the Corn-laws the Devil's-laws,
from their noxious effects, but, after reading the evi-
dence of the mischief of the import Duties, we are
almost inclined to extend the name, and regard the
whole of our legislation, as to trade, as the Devir&-
work. Certainly this system of protecting, that is, en-
riching a few at the:expense of the many, is, in all its
branches and bearings, a m9st devilish system. If,
for the enrichment of our own landowners, the sup-
posed good of the labourers can be urged, what ex-
cuse, what subterfuge, will be found to justify inflict-
ing an injury on both agricultural labourers and land-
lords for the benefit of the colonial planters ? If
all other classes are to be plundered as fair game,
why plunder also the sacred landed interest ? Why
depress that pious, virtuous, priest-fearing body, to
pamper the godless, irreligious, priest and Sabbath-
scorning planters, and their almost heathen slaves ?
; There is no consistency in such conduct, and the
Leg slature seems not to have thoroughly cotnpre-
bonded its mission of plundering and debasing all
other classes for behoof of the land. and priest
interess.

EXTRAORDINARY EVENT.—Oti Saplrday morn-
ing week, about a quarter past eight o'clock, Cie inhabi-
tants in the neighbourhood of Homscroft i.rewery,
Greeneek, were alarmed by a strange noise, followed by
the falling of the brewhouse. On investigation, it was
found that the boiler, which was on the ground floor, hart
exploded and gone right through the roof of the bouie, a
height of four stories, and alighted in a field about 120 feet
&want. When the explosion took place, Mr. Walit,ce,
the brewer, and his assistant, were standing immediately
under the mash-tun in the third flat, and how they escaped
with their lives is a miracle to every one, and to none
more than to themselves. When the steam and dust
cleated away, Mr. Wallace r...a.1 seen walking up the field
in which the boiler lay, but how he got there he has not
the most distant idea. The under-brewer, who was talk-
ing with him when the explosion took place, was dragged
out from under the ruins. He was very severely scalded.
A man was working in a drain within ten feet of the boiler
when it blew up, and the stones of the buildings, fell
-around him, but without hurting him. Another man was
slightly injured by some of the Stones. It happened.fortu-
nately that nearly all the workmen were engaged in the
yard, at a considerable distance from the brewhouse, otlhert:
wige many lives would in all likelihood have bees lost.
Several of them had been engaged about th
only a few minutes before. What is not
Mr. 'Wallace's shoes wete forced
means, and have not since
day among the milli very much was on his head at the time, was seenfound
which he held in his hand
twice. from the spot. le mash-tan
only
a lifteteet bygsome
off, hhiiashat, too, which
whescut and a thermometer
got at a considerable dis.
a eras
sremarkable escape than Mr.
on the following
now buried in the ruins, and a
under which !Ic satohoigher
flat,
containing thirty or forty
•f'nerver occurred. The mash-tun
barrels of bolting
brewing utensils, are destroyed.--..
And the whole was torn to pieces. In short, the
l \a:
house,aglel,a ceac:rn:
ins h r
water, rde Al
is
MISCELLANIES OF THE LATE
, THE
...7 COMICA
Contemporary has remarked that this is
JAMBS MITII. .
••• books that have appeared since
of the most arnusinr,
.• one Rejected Addresses therns.elves " And
~. yen-famous .
vie in
•
it— cthat not only destined to vie in the attraction
it seems it is .
contents with that renowned production of the two,
of its
ro g, but even to rival it in popular This is
Carlisle Journal.
ILoitia'clir to be wondered at, for if the Rejected Addresses,
rot
their unity of interest, are now as much in demand al
at their first production, as great a degree of popularity
may naturally be expected for the " Comic miseemliiaa"—s.
numbering nearly two hundred productions of the au
the!
in prose and verse, which, for shrewdness of . wit, e,nd
piquancy of jest, are almost uuapproached by any other
writer of the day.
Wn e are happy to be able to state that H. Ye ork
9
EFq. , the Liberal candidate for the representation of this
dent. OMNI
lorkAirenketn.
city, has recovered from the effects of his
• late acci

!IVENING 141D1 r LON

THE FUNERAL OF NAPOLEON.

(From the Moniteur of Sunday.)

The following programme has been issued by the Mi-
tister of the Interior relative to the funeral ceremony :
" The funeral train bearing the mortal remains of the Em-
peror Napoleon will arrive at Courbevoie on Monday, the
14th of December.

" Its arrival will be announced by a salvo of 21 cannon
shots fired from the Royal Hotel des Inyalidcs.
The great bell of Notre Dame and the bells of all the
churches is Paris will toll on Monday evening, the I,4th
of December, avid the following day, from the momentlbc
procession leaves Ccurbevoie till the end of the funeral
service.

On Tuesday, the 15th, at nine o'clock in the morn-
ing, the crew of the Belle Poule will disembark the
coffin, and place it upon the Imperial car, which will have
been pla.;:ed the previous evening under the funeral temple
erec..ed upon the point of disembarkation.
.• At the moment of the procession leaving Courbevoie
the artillery will fire a salvo of 21 cannon shots.
" At the first shot the procession shall commence its
march. The line of march will be as follows: —By the
bridge of Neuiily, the Ncuilly road, the Arch of Triumph
of l'Etoile, the Avenue tic Neuilly, the Place de la Con-
corde, the Bridge de la Concorde, the Quai d'Orsay, the
Esplanade of the Invalides.
" During the whole of the passage of the funeral proces-
sion, cannon will be fired off every quarter of an hour, and
a band of military music will execute funeral marches and
symphonies.

....The line of troops will be formed from the bridge of
Neuilly up to the Royal Hotel des Invatides by the bat-
talions of the National Guards, and of the troops of the
line who are not employed in the funeral procession.
" Alone the wholo line the troops will render military
boncurs at the moment tile funeral car passes.
" The pro'cession will march in the following order. (The
prograro:Re of the order of the procession has already been
pubP.;hed.)

" The proccssion will continue its march by the Avenue
de Neuilly and the Pont de la Concorde.

" The military Gynatase Musicale will perform military
,tyrttphonies upon the Placa des Invalides.
" The car will draw up before the principal entrance of
the Royal Hotel des Invalides under a funeral portico.

" A salvo o 21 cannon will announce its arrival.

The coMn, borne by the crew of the Belle Poule will
cross the first court of the hotel, pass under the gate of
Louis X I V., and be deposited under a funeral porch erect-
ed before the great gate of the church.
" The horsemen bearing the dG Limners of the departments
will take their positions to the right and the left before the
great front of the hotel.

" Two amphitheatres, erected in the Royal Court and
the upper galleries, will receive the invalids, the old soldi.
ers of the Imperial Guard who shall have made themselves
known, and persons provided with tickets.
" Under the dome will be ercc:ed the catafalque.
" The King and Queen and Princes and Ptincesse3 of
the Royal farni.ly will be present at the ceremony.
" The interior of the dome will be occupied by the mem-
bers of the Chambers of Peers, placed upon the tribunes
erectcd on the ri.,ht, and the members of the Chhmber of
Deputica placed upon those of the lat.
" Other tribunes will be reserved for deputations from
the d!ff:rent bodies of the State.

" The persons who wish to be present must arrive before
eleven o'clock in the morning. After this hour no one
will be allowed to enter but the persons who form a part
of the precession, for r.hom places will be reserved.
" Carriages will draw up at the gate of the Boulangcrie,
on the Boulevard des lavalides, and persons oa foot will
enter by the great entrance.
" The clergy will enter by the gate of the garden of the
Chmolain of the Invalide3.

" Ladies and gentlemen ‘cill only be admitted in deep
mourning-.
" Persons in uniform or official costume will wear crape
on their arms and on their swords.

" The coffin will be received under the funeral porch
by the Archbishop of Paris and his clergy.
" After the sprinkling of the holy water, it will be borne
by non-commissioned officers of the Nation al Guards and
of the line to the entrance of the dome, where the King
will be waiting to receive the body of the Emperor Na-
poieon, which will be presented to him by his Royal High-
ness the Prince de Joinville.

" The sword of the Emperor, placed upon the coffin, will
be borne by Lieutenlnt-General Prechaud.
" The coffin will then be raised into the catafalque. At
the four corners will be seated the Marshals, Admirals, and
Lieutenant- General Bertrand, who will hold the pall
during the procession.
" The service will be performed by the Archbishop of
Paris.

" The absolutions will be given by the Archbishop of
Paris and by four Bishcps during the Dc Profundis.
" A last salvo of 21 cannon shots will announce the end
o (the funeral service.

" During the ceremony the vessels which shall have
served as the catafalque and the other vessels of the fu-
neral train, covered with mourning, will take up their po-
sition in the basin of the Seine, before the laivalides, and
fire a salvo every quarter of an hour.
" After the ceremony a guard of honour will be placed
by the side of the catafalque.
" Thu next day, and the days following, the public will
be admitted into the interior of the Church of the In-
va!ides."

T'se Prefect of Police has lltewiso issued the following
ordina&ce cc,neerning the measures of order and public
s4fety to be taken upon the Seine upon the occasion of
tftt ceremony :

-
" PARIS, DEC. 10.
We, the Councilor of State, Prefect of Police, &c.,
vor,idering the arrangements made by the Minister of the
.interior for the transference of the mortal remains of
the Emperor Napoleon, in virtue, &c., order as follows :
" Art 1. The navigation upon the Seine shall he inter-
reptecl during the whole day of Monday, the 14th of De-
cember, from break of day until the following day, in the
whole space between the bridge of Bezons and the bridge
of St. Cloud.
" The vessels forming part of the funeral procession shall
alone be exempt from these regulations.
1. During the 13th all boats or vessels of every kind
upon the Seise iii the space pointed out by article 1 shall
be fastened in fit places under the direction of either the
eiavigation agents or of the twat authorities, in such a
manner that they cannot be made use of contrary to the
orders contained in that article.
":3. The Sous- Prefet of S:. Denis, the Mayors of the
communes upon the bank of the Seine, between the bridge
of Bezons and the bridge St. Cloud, the Commander of
the Gendarmerie, the engineers of the roads and bridges,
and their conductors ; the Inspector-General of the Navi-
gation, and those under his orders, are directed to see to
the execution of the present ordinance.
" The Councillor of State, Prefect of Police,
"G. DELESSERT."
The Grand Referendaire of the Chamber of Peers ad-
dressed a communication to the Peers, to inform them
That the King intended to be present at the ceremony of
the interment:of the mortal remains of the Emperor Napo.
Icon on the 15th, and being desirous of being surrounded
by all the great bodies of the State, measures have been
taken for the accommodation of the two Chambers, and
that places are reserved for the members of the Chamber
of Peers. The Minister then adds, that the Peers are
requested to be present at the Invalides by 11 o'clock in
the morning, in order to be there to receive his Majesty.
The imperial train was received at Mantes on Saturday
:morning about 10 o'clock by the clergy in their sacerdotal
'robes ; the mayor, accompanied by the municipal body ;
the tribunal and public functionaries of the arrondissement
with the Sous-Prefet at their head, The National Guard
formed in line on each side of the river, and presented arms
as the coffin of the Emperor passed. An immense con-
course of people was present at the ceremony, which passed
over in the greatest order, arid in the midst of the most
prefOund respect and devotion.
The flotilla, under the orders of the Prince de Joinville,
Arrived at Poissy in the course of the same day.
The town of St. Germain has had the Bridge du Pecq
d evorated, and the authorities and the National Guards of
the neighbouring communes will take their station upon it
to salute the coffin of the En-:poror as it passes. A band
'of military music is to play a funeral symphony during the
passage of the procession.
The preparations at tic point of disembarkation at
Neuilly are almost finished. On Saturday the skeleton
form of the temple erected on the quay of Ceurbe vole was
be,inning to be covered. The decorations of the bridge
'of Neuilly arc also in a forward state of progress. The
three trophies, formed as emblems of naval combats, and
erected upon the parapet of tie bridge towards the Cour-
bevoie side, wore finished. The gigantic column upon
that spot, the base of enich is in the river itself, was also
eicarly terminated, The great road was arranged for the
procession from Neuilly up to the Arch of Triumph.
of The tweltee great masts which arc to surround the Arch
mid riu.rn'eh were put on Saturday. They arc bronzed,
tte4fte-.r basement is ornamented with painting-s in gilt
':he letter " N" upon a bronze grotend.
.te great statues that line the whole great avenue of
NlerChamps Elysees were put up on Friday and Saturday ;
they are placed from the
Place de la Concorde as far as
the Rue de Chaillot. Between each of the columns is
placed a magnificent tripod of great height, which will be
filled with flames.
: •
Most of the columns which alternate with the statuesl
and tkse tripods, and are surmountedby an
Imperiala are
etir:le, are already fixed. The shields upon
which
'scribed the principal French battles, and which are to be
hung upon these columns, were likewise being attached
during the whole of Saturday. The tricolour fl.gs, in-
Acribed with letters of gold, were also being Placed by the
side of these military trophies, to try the effect. The pe-
destals were being placed at the same time ornamented
with bas reliefs. The four pyramidical columns which are
placed at the end of the Bridge de fa Concorde were deco_
rated with their gold eagles. Upon the esplanade of the
Invalidee the preparations were nearly terminated; the
Tribunes were finished, and the thirty• two statues of French
warriors that line the avenue up to the entrance of the le-
valides were uncovered to public gaze. -
To afford an adequate idea of the spirit of the Iva eai,
ev
and of the Republicans whom it represents, e copy from
that journal the following article, by which it will be seen
that their professed respect for the memory of Napoleon is
but simulated and used as a vehicle for the expression of
tl air rancour at once against the respectable Government
that directs the affairs of France, and against this country
sod her Allies :
Theste,,e month of December was marked, in the life of
Nap, e
oy a series of events, fortunate or unfortunate,
which Powerfully influenced his destinies.
1 Ass in the month of December, 1799, that the Con-
sular Government was legally constituted ; the national
representation, and with it all our political liberties, were
buried and lost in the Conservative Senate.
~ Next year, and nearly on the same day, the First Con-
-Iti EWSI . Ist!
ti e
ss icaise.caped the effects of the infernal machine, in the Rue
.
~..\...:„T - ~ On
Rteliven7
Resolution,
iDO
ne,e December, beearn,,
causing himself
mhsee
linflictedthe
crownedl ast blowE m. ( ."se.'' Yes=ee Le' on the
pomp of past ages.
44/t7 -''4
.- 1 peror, with all the
r 4;,,-.,,-,-.. ~ On the 2d of December, 18,05, he
cl,
ar - : . of Austerlitz.
7i
`girlgained the battle
es,C-s--s--(frl
112 re . V
