MONDAY, JULY 3, ls2o.

THE LAST and ONLY DAY, WEDNES-
DAY, JULY 1-2, when the LOTTERY FINISHES'
and
ALL 2.30,000.
FOUR 4:30,000.
PRIZES zao,ooo.
oF kao,ooo.
lIESIDES 5S OTHER CAPITALS,
111oney and Consols.
MUST BF. DRAWN.
• HAZARD and CO. Contractors,
9:8, Royal Exchange Gate ; 26, Cornhill; 324, Oxford-sheet,
London, where WARRANTED UNDRAWN TICKETS and
HARES ate Selling; also at all their .Agents in the
Country.
•
HAZARD.aud Co.. Shared and_Solttin.a recent Lottery,
ALL TITIn. PRIZES OF 30,830'. !
- And in the Present Lottery.
• 2,313, a Prize of 10,Q00! !
Consols, besides NNE OTHER CAPITALS.

This Day was pubiished, •
In..ll(lyillOctaro, price ii. 6s. ill bo4rds, the S. vt.lith Edition
• ' of
ERMINE'S ESSAY cm the IiEA FIXING of
CONTINGENT REMAINDERS and EXECUTORY
DE-11•S'Etii; r.ith additional Nctits. • • .
By CHARLE' BUTLER, Esq.
-Of 'Linentn's fnn, Barriste4-at- La*,
London : Printed for Joseph. .lintterworth and Son,
Fleet.•strtat ; 32and W. 'l'. Clarke. P,,rtnzal-street, Lincoln's
; and J. Cooke, Ormond7cptay, 1,..);th1i 11. . •

TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION.) . -
By Mr, Sa'l't-I:EBY,.
At his House, Wellington-Street, Watel Too-Bridge, Strand,
on -TUESDAY, July 4, 1820, and Five fullowirtig Days,
(Sunday excepted), at. Twelve o'Clock,

THE LIBRARIES of the Late REV. JOS.
PICKERING, M.A. Perpetual Curate of Paddington,
and cif the Late CLAUDE .11.FSSELL, Esq. of Upper N"r-
nm-stri,t, Fi,zrny“.quare; forming loge; her' a good COL-
LECTION of BOOKS 1 in DIVINITY, HISTORY, and
BELLES LETIAES. Among them will be found, Dr. I'.
Russell's Account .Cf Indian - Serpents; and Coroinandel
Fishes, 4 vol.; ..Roxhargli's Coromandel -Plants, coloured
plates, 2 vol ; Wood's .Pahm-ri and'Halhec, 2 vol. ; Ed-
o,ondson's Heraldry, 2 ; .Novurn Testament um Groccum,
Wvqeoil, .2 vol.; Broughton's Dictionary of Religion, 2 vol.;
Newrourt's Ilepertoritun Ecclesiasticism, 2 vol.; Grose's An-
tiquitit sof Engl,id and Wales, Scotland, and Ireland, 19
vol.; Encyclopwdia Britannica,- 20 vol. ; Ashmole'S Berk-
shire, 3 vol.; Johnson's English Poets, 75 vol. &c, &c.
To which are atided, a few rare Persian Manuscripts, va-
luable Drawings, Nlaps, Plans, Portraits, and Curiuus Mis-
cellaneous Articles fret], China, Turkey, and - the East
Indies.

To he viewed, and catalogues' (price Is.) had at the place
of Sale.

MILITARY PROMOTIONS.

TPar=o/7c'e; Juno 30.

Royal Regiment of Horse GtzardS.--,To lie Majors, by pur-
ebase.—Brcvet Lieutenant-CotorsTl Clement Hill, vice Thoyts's
who retires; Brevet Major Tvrwhift Dr#ke (with the
rank of Lieutenant-Colonel), Vice Atitorpe, who retires.'
To be Captain, by purchase.—Lieutenant Tathwell Baker
Tathwell.- rice Hill ; Lieutenant George Smith, vice DrAe.
To be Lieutenants, bv.rrchase.—Cornet Edmund -Packe,
rice "Fathwell ; Cornet Join Trent. vice Smith.
To .be Cornets, by purchase—Cornet John Bridgeman
Sintnson, from id Dr,tenon Guards, vice Packe ; Henry Ar-
buthnot, Gent., vice Trent.

ad Regiment of Foot.—Brevet Lieut.-colonel George
Charles D'Aguilar, from half-pay of the Rifle Brigade, to be
Major, rice Balfour, appointiFd to the 40th Foot.
.40th Ditto.—Brevet Lieut.-Colonel William Balfour, froni
Sd Foot, to be Major, vice Fielding Browne, who retires upo►i
half pay Rifle Brigade.

RECORDER'S REPORT.*-011 Saturday the COTT).
mon Serjeant (in the absence of the Recorder)
made a r(Tort 4 the following convict?. in New-
ga;e, who were capitally Convicted in April Scs•
sion last, vi'z _

John Starkey, Disvard Roberts alias James Smith, Thomas
Thorp', Robert Claxton, James Hayes, William Thompsim,
Thomas 111,`Kenzie, Weir. Jones, Gilbert Hayes, Daniel ECans,
John Bellows, William Mail, Eliza Williamson, and J. Stich-
way, for stealing in dwelling-houses above the valor of 405.;
JameS Williams and 'Win. Arnold, for highway robberies;
W. Chandler and Henry Roney, for privately stealing in a
shop ;•'N. H. Stanford, T. Cook, J. Robinson, and W. Brooks,
for uttering forged and counterfeit Bank-notes; Maria Jones,
H. I3awkins, W. Perks, D. Thonas,. W. Painter, J. Smith,
and Alexander Fraser, for burglaries ; W. Sanders and John
Williams' for horse-stealing; and W. Paley (convicted last
January Sessions) for uttering forged Bank notes. When
W. Paley, .1. Rohinsoo, ft. 1-laiskins, W. Arnold, W. H.
Stanford and W. Sanders, were ordered for e:zectition un
Wednesday ncrtt.7-I'tie others were respite(' during pleasure.

It appears, from a Return made to ParliamEnt,
that only one ship has sailed from IrelAnd to the-
East InAies„ doting the two years ending sth 4-
nuary, 1820. This one sailed front Coik: ton-
nage, 498; number of men, 40. None hie et,-
teEed inwards:

BUENOS AYIILS DOCUMENTS.

ExtrOt from an Official Dispatch of Mr. 001WRZ,
Envo# at Paris, to the Goverrinient of Buenos
4yreS, dated June 18,, .1819

" Qi,der date of the 15th tilt. I informed you
that 1,-I,viis invitedd-to a conterente by hii•Excel-
lenry the Minister of Foreign Atfoirs. va-
CiPll3,3ceidelitS sr: rded till the Ist inst.

" After his Excellency had strenuously mani-
fested to me the great wishes of the Ministry, tar
the happy issue of the glorious enterprize in
which those Provinces are engaged, and explained
the considerable emharrassmente which prevented
him from taking a determined, active, and open
course to protect them, he proceeded to inform
me that, reflecting on their true interests, he had
become convinced that these were intimately Con-
nected with the form of Government that might
be estairlished,Aintler the influence of which the
country. would tit able tranquilly to enjoy the be-
nefit,s of peace, athi this form of Government, be.
Conceived, ought to be no: o!her than that of a
Constitutional Monatchy, fixing on a Prince of
Europe, whose relations would give to-the State a
new respectability, and facilitate the acknowledg=
ment of its netional independence. That, pene-
trated with these ideas, a thong-W.l)nd at length oc-
curred to him, which Tie considered a It one,
end he -would proceed to explain it with the greatest
sincerity, by proposing a Prince, whose pecu-
liar ciicumstances were the most suitable, in
order to remove all obstacles attendant on a simi-
lar project,,considering the different interests of
the principal nations, of Europe, and the great
divergency in the political views of the respective
Cabinets. That this was the Duke de Lucca, the
ancient heir to the Kingdom of Etruria, and con-
nected by the marermal line, with the august dy-
nasty of the BourbOus. That he considered this
choice would not create jealousies in the princi-
pal •Courts, hot -would rather meet with the ap-
probation of the Sovereigns, more particularly of
the Emperors of Austria and Russia, openly de-
rided in favour of his person, and in a great
deg-ice favourable to !he general interests of the
Continent. That England could find no just and
decent motive to oppose it : That his Catholic
Majesty would not behold with displeasure kr
nephew of his own, seated on the throne of pro-
vinces, which had once been under his dominion,
dud from which he might expect sonte-eonsidera-
tions in favour of the commerce of the Peninsula,
at least such as were not incompatible with the
absolute independeuee of the • new nation anti
the policy of its, Government. But that par-
ticularly his Most Christian Majesty, whose sen.
timents. were 'known to. him, *bold view -it
with special complaCency, and employ in its favour
his good offices and his-powerful- influence with
the other Sovereigns, withont or the same ti-me
sparing whatever means might be in his power to
protect it, as well with regard to the necessary
aid of all kinds, as the measures requisite to con-
shire his Catholic Majesty to desist from the
.war
in which be was engaged against those provinces.
He added, that •it would be the particular care
of his Most Chriatian Majesty to bbtaityfroin: his
_Catholic Majesty the termination -of the war,. and
the tick howlAgment of the independence of those
provinces. That the Prince do Lucca could con-
'tract a matrimonial alliance with one of the Pt in-
'CeSses of the Brazils, ntidcr the express condition
of evacuating the Eastern B ink, renouncing also
all demands for. indemnities on the part of the
Brazil Government, by which means likewise the
succesion'tsi the Crown wonld he secured. That
his•Mo.st Christian Majesty would contribute, by
aid oVall kinds, the same as ion similar case he
would have done on behalf of a Prince of the Bloods
and above all, (he again repeated it), all the pos-
. Bible means would be employed to.realize the.pro-
.
de,,t, and with it the prosperity of the South Arne-
!teal) people.

Memorial of the -French Gm'ernment, relative to the
proposed Monarch-in South - America, addressed
to Don VALENTIN UOIVIEZ :---- • •• -

Sts—The French GoVernment takes the liveliest interest
iu the situation of the Governinent of Buettos Ayres, and is
disposed to exert'itsclf in every possible way to facilitate the
means of erecting the latter into a Constitutional Monarchy,
as that is the only formof' Government which can suit their
reciprocal interests, and secure to Buenos Ayres in future
all the necessary securities, both with the Powers of Europe
and with those in its own neighbourhood.
The French Government; obliged by political circumstances
to act with the greatest eircumspection, in order to avoid the
obstacles which may present themselves, principally on the
part of England, in the progress of so important a negocia.
tion, will nut immediately manifest the desire of forming re-
lations with the Government of Buenos-Ayres, but it will
omit no opportunity of giving it convincing proofs of the
interest with which it views it.

In conformity with this profession, and to arrive at the
object so much desired by the South Americans, namely, their
independence of the Clown of Spain, and to: found the basis
of their Constitution in a firm and du, able manner, which may
Place them in a condition to treat with all powers, the French
Government proposes to take the necessary steps to obtain
the consent of all the European Courts to place on the throne
of South America the Prince of Lucca and Etruria, to whom
it will give the necessary assistance.. both in maritime force
and in expeditionary troops .so that he. will not only be able
to make himself respected, but likewise may be able to make
head against every power which may Oppose his elevation.
That Prince, eighteen years of age, is of the family of the
Bout bons, and alt hough connected with that of Spain, can
excite no fear that his principles will, be contrary. to those of
the South Americans, whose cause he will doubtless embrace
with enthusiasm. He possesses as eminent qualities as can
be desired, froth in respect of morals and a military education,
which has been conducted ,with the,greatest.care, and bolds

[PR/C SEVENPENCt

out a flattering prospect. To consolidate and secure his dy-
nasty, it is proposed, that if the Prince should he agreeable to
the United trovinces, an alliance with a Princess of Brazil
should be solicited for him ;—an event which Would he produc-
tive of incalculable advantages to both Governments,
which, united by the ties of blOod, would be drawn
still Closer together. Another advantage, and not the
least,, is, that the principal condition of this alliance
would be the obliging Brazil to renounce the possession
of the a Banda-Oriental," - reiptiring compensa-
tions, and the formation, betWeeit both, of an alliance
offensive and defensive. As far as respects the United States,
as they have nothing to fear so much as England, and as it is
their interest to live in good understanding with South Ame-
rica, it is evident that the obstacles which might be pre-
sented by them to the establishment of a Monarchical Go-
vernment would be overcome without great difficulty. The
French Government, on the other hand, will take charge
of the diplomatic -cegticiations for this object, and promises
to grant to the Prince of Lucca all the support, assistance,
and ptotectiori, svhich,it would afford to a French Pi ince.—
It prays that you would lay 'before your Government, those
.propositions- w! it believes. adyantageous, and which
'cannot be laid before them better in any'istber form. It be-
lieves that a powerful Patty desires the establishment of a
Republic in the United Provinces ; it will not enter into any
detail on the difference of situation, in which the United
States of North America and South America are placed. You
know, continues the Memorialist, that it is net necessary for
me to employ logic to convince yon of this; you knoW very
well that a State cannst be organized into a Republic unless
when its territory is limited in extent, when its man-
ners are pure, and when its civilization is general.--
That whi.ch constitutes the strength of a Republic, and
that which secures its duration, is harmony among all
classes, and a sincere desire in each to contribute to the
general good; in a word, it is necessary that it should possess
virtues very rare in.our :age. Since, tben,,, South Ame-
rica, that 'is to say, the country of Buenos Ayres and
Chili, want for the greater part the elements necessary for
the purpose--since their extent is great—since the civiliza-
tion is but in its infancy, and far from having reached its pro.
per limits—since the passions and the spirit of party are in
continual contest, and, in a word, since anarchy has reached its
acme in many parts which ought to be subject to BuenOS
Ayres, as is evident Fy the sitiostion of the " Banda Orien-
tal," which, on account of its position, cannot ,be sepa-
rated from the neighbouring provinces without occasion-
ing inextinguishable wars. In this state of things, I sae
no other way for securing the happiness of the country,
and for putting an tont to the contest of parties which
paralyze in a great degree the means of Government, and
for .uniting and binding together all parties in the same
cause, than a constitutional and liberal monarchy, which gua,:
ranleting the IMppitefs of the people and their general
rights, will bring them into amicable relations with all the
powers of Europe. This bssing.tbe case, the country would
bare a Government at once well constitored and recognized
by other powers. Agriculture would active at that state when
it would be a source of idles ansi abundance. The Arts and
Sciences would flourish; the European population would add
to that which is at present insufficient fur those immense
countries which are at present a wilderness, and which to the
eye of the observant traveller. presents nothing but sterility,
but which might be converted into the Most feriile lands.
The treasures which the mitres contain might likewise be., ex.
plored; and be brought forward one day, not only to the 'in-
calculable advantage of those engaged in them, but likewise
to contribute to the happiness of many other nations.

I think that all these considerations are more thansuffeient
to determine your Government to adopt the proposed plan;
for to procure for your country a happy condition, is to ac-
quire a right to its gratitude and to immortality titles the
most glorious, and the only ones which the ambition of vir-

tuons men can require.
I -know, likewise, that there are in the United Provinces a
considerable party disposed towards. the English, and I beg
you to allow me. to make some 'reductions and speculations
on- this subject. Suppose England were to place a Prince
of its fancily 'on the Throne of South America, and by the
ascendency which it haS acquired in Europe, by virtue of ex-
teosive wars, which contributed to its interests, should be able
to protect the country from new wars, arid to give it a
physical force which, would secure its power, do eon helieVii
that the people would
.he more hapdy? in what consists the
happiness of a people, especially such a people as that of the
United Provinces, .whieh has been .Iz:llot:ring so lung to oh.
tnsin that. indePenderice which must o•oneiitutc its glory and
secure to it that piasperity to which it has a right to aspire,
In consequence of great sacrifices ?
Ist. In the establishment of the rights which nature de-
mands.
2d. In the free exercise of the relicion which it professes,
and the doctrines of which it acknowledges and appreciates.
H. In the national character, which is formed by the good
social spirit distinguishing the inhabitants of South America
from all othernations, but which has tint yet -acquired t hat
degree of civilization in which consists the general happiness
of nations.

What can it expect under any of those heads, front England
or from a Prince imbued vein to bigotry ith the principles
of his own nation ? It will have tolear the overthrow of the
Catholic religion, or perhaps civil wars on accuant of religion
fraught with calamities to the people. Mot cover, thu
na-
tional character, formerly opposed to that of eivilized Ante.
rica,'would occasion acts contrary • social happiness, and.
rendering itself, odious to the tauives, sseaild irritate their
self-love, driving them by .reugeaace, if not. to lest tov
nation which excited them, at least to weaken it in such a way
as may be done by unbridled power.
By.this picture, which onfortunately is too trite, .yoti see
that fa,' .from having vstablishiel on solid foundations the
edifice which has been so well cummniced, its foundati ,its
Would he destroyed, and a people which doubtless deserves' a
better lot, would fall again. into slavery, if you did nut adopt
some new step.
la recapitulation, I would say, that if rut consult the happi.
pint Ss of your country, you would not deliVer it up intothe hands
of those who would enslave it, and destroy its rising prosperity
purchased by so loamy sacrifices. •On the contrary, receiving
for a Sovereign a Prince whom France proposes, there will
be up reason to dread the degradation of religion. It may be
c.infidetit of finding in hini the most solid supports, exempt
limit that bigotry so hurtful' to all rellglens ; that Itheral spirit
lice from a licentiousness su contrary to tie interest of every
civilized state ; all the qualities ellich can secure to south Arne.
rica complete prosperity, and in a word, a prince, who he.,
corning an American, will have, and can have, no other object,then to make agrieultnre, the arts, the sciences, and trade,
to flourish, and by this means to sect:re the affection of his
subjects.
I think, then, that in these circumstances, it is necessary
on the le.vt of your Government to make a speedy determi-
more favour-
t that can 27es:etiteelf fur its happiness, and the
ani::
it order not to - let Slip an opportunity
increase of its trade.
