TO TIIE EDITOR OF THE TIMES.

Sir,—As one who was eagerly watching the
movements on Penenden Heath, I beg to assure you
that the " Liberals" have no reason to despond in
the failure of their first great effort to remove old
prejudices, warmly indulged, upon a subject little
understood by the mass of Kentish freeholders.
Owing to the contest which has just taken place,
there is scarcely a town in the county but now con-
tains intelligent inhabitants, who have fixed their
attention to the claims of the Catholics, and are
daily becoming converts to the political necessity of
emancipation. The want of concert I bewail, as
much as you do, among the friends of civil and reli-
gious liberty, and lovers of national
,peace; for if the
same activity and union had been practised on our
side as on the other, I conceive the Sheriff, in spite
of his propensity, would have been compelled to
announce a different conviction, as to numerical
strength. His partiality towards the Brunswickers
was disgraca,dly shown through the proceedings of
the day, by suffering our speakers to be uniformly
interrupted by the yells, howls, and groans of the op-
posite party, one of the most noisy of whom sat im-
mediately before Earl Winchelsea, that disturber of
the county. Did his Lordship conceive it manly
policy to keep the powerful and persuasive arguments
of the opposinr, nobility from being wafted to his
followers ? Certainly he thought it prudent, or the
fellow with stentorian lungs had not been in that si-
tuation. The gentlemen also on the Brunswick side
were permitted to interrupt, by rising to ejaculate
crude ideas, whilst Liberals were haranguing. The
Under-Sheriff read in an audible, clear, and persua-
sive tone the resolutions of Mr. Gipps ; but no similar
advantage was given to the amendment of Mr.
Hodges; although the noises, before alluded to, pre-
vented the possib►l►ty of the Brunswickers at a small
distance from hearing a word of it. I remit you these
facts to be made what use of you please, because you
speak too despairingly of a cause to which you bad
before sanguinely predicted a different result—and
hope in charity that you will consider your cones-
ponderit to all such, as would fight their fellow-
countrymen up to their" knees in blood,"
AN ENEMY.

THE KENT MEETING.—The following statement '
is ffiam a highly respectable and intelligent freeholder
of Kent : its correctness may be fully relied on :
The freeholders of Kent were disgusted with the
Brunswickers. A great portion of the meeting were
not freeholders ; the poor tenants -and labourers of
Lady Geary and of Colonel Stratford were drawn
to the meeting in their waggons. Few of the meet-
ing understood the real object, they were deceived
into a belief that it was a contest between the Pro-
testants and Catholics,—who.,e religion was to be
the established religiOn of the land. Two-thirds
of those who really understood the object of the
meeting, and who really were freeholders, were
against the petition. All who could hear the speech
of Mr. Shiel were delighted with it; it was unan-
swerable, and it is believed will have a great effect
throughout the kingdom. The meeting, altogether,
gives great satisfaction, as tending to open the eyes
of the prejudiced, and to expose corruptions under
the name of church or religion.—Globe.

OLYMPIC GAMES & GREEK TRAGEDIES

A project for the re-establishment in Greece of
the ancient spectacles, is now in contemplation. The
Greeks, if several of the Continental journals can be
credited, have formed a design to celebrate their ap-
proaching deliverance by rejoicings and festivals
similar to those in which their ancestors took so
much interest.

Several marches selected from the Siege of Co-
rinth, by Rossini, and more especially the national
hymn introduced in the overiure of that lyric tragedy,
have inspired the Hellenists with a strong desire
to enjoy the representation of a chef d'oeuvre which
will distinguish the most glorious of their modern
exploits, namely, the heroic defence of Missolonghi.
Since France sent into Greece her adventursus
expedition, several artists and men of letters in
Europe have undertaken a scientific pilgrimage to
the Morea. One of them, Professor Julius Spingler,
who is still in the flower of his age, has thought
proper to announce the arrival of the literary expe-
dition by a sort of manifesto. The principles ot the
young German do not accord with those of the phi-
losopher of Geneva.
" All powerful. God !" exclaims Rousseau, " de-
liver us from the lights and destructive arts of our
fathers, and leave us in ignorance and poverty!" Far
from wishing the Greeks to remain in ignorance and
poverty, Mr. Spingler believes that the caltivation of
arts and letters will efface the traces of their long
slavery, and raise them to the point of civilization
from which they have fallen. He wishes to re-esta-
blish Olympic Games upon the banks of the Alpheus,
Chariot races, and combats of athletae.

The dramatic art occupies nearly all his thoughts.
He invokes the shades of Eschylus, Sophocles, and
Euripides. The first advantage which he proposed
to draw from a representation of the chef teceuvres
of those great poets will lie what he calls the aban-
donment of their modern jargon, for the noble and
harmonious tongue of their ancestors. That, how-
ever, will be as diffieult to accomplish as the task of
bringing back the market people of the Campo Vac-
cino to the fine Latinity of Cicero and Virgil.

The Duke of WELLINGTON has arrived at
his seat at Strathfieldsaye, Hants.

The Marine Surveyor-General of India has
disec‘ered what promises to be a valuable harbour amongst
the Kalagyouk Islands, about SO miles south of Amherst,
in which vessels will find a secure shelter during the south-
west monsoon.—Calcutta Paper.

FASHIONABLE INTELLIGENCE.

ARRIVALS.

The Dowager Marchioness of Salisbury, at her house in Ar-
lington-street, from Lord Dacre's seat in Herta • the Duke of
Northumberland, at Northumberland House, from his seat, Aln.
wick Casa , Northumberland ; Watson Tailor, Esq. M.P. Mrs.
Taylor, and family. at Wart en's Hotel, Regent-street, from their
seat near Devizes ; Captain Baird, at the B, ;•.,,,h Hotel, Jermyn.
street, from Switzerland ; Mr. and Mrs. r,T usgrave Brisco, in
Devonshire-place, from a tour; Mr. and Mrs. Jackson, in Park.
street, from Brussels; the Reverend Mr. Blencowe, at Kirk-
ham's Hotel, Lower Brook-street, from Cornwall ; Wm. Heath,
Esq. at ditto, from Bath ; Sir Charles Chad, Bart. at Fladongs,
lintel, Oxford-street, from Norfolk; John Wynne, Esq. and
Mrs. Wynne, at ditto, from Sussex Captain John Banner, at
ditto, from Lancashire.
CHANGES.

The Marquis and Marchioness of Cholmondeley and Lord and
Lady Henry Chohnondeley, at Cholmondeley House Piccadilly,
from Surrey ; the Earl and Countess of Surrey, at their seat,
Worksopp 'Manors, Notts, f'om Lord Stafford's seat, Cossey
Hall, Norwich ; the Duke of Norfolk, at his seat in Suffolk, from
Lord Stafford's- seat, Cossey Hall, Norwich; Lord Grantham,
from his house in St James's-square, for his seat, Newby Hall,
Tionrtkesi,hitorer;
AthoerenEacerl; a Ashburnham, from the Burlington
Lord and Lady Holland, from Holland
House, fur Brighton ; Captain Strongi'tlearm, R.N. from Pall-
mall, for Portsmouth; Mr. and Mrs. Gascovne, from Wimpole-
street, for their seat in Devonshire; the Hon. John and Miss
Coventry, from Warren's Hotel, Regent.street, for Brighton' •
the lion. Mrs. Stewart and family, from Ellis's Hotel, St.
James's-street, for Tunbridge Wells; Dr. and Mrs. Marsham
and family, from the Burlington Hotel, Old Burlington and
Cork-streets, for Kent ; Mr. and Mrs. Barclay Smith, at ditto,
from Surrey; Lleutenant-Colonel O'Reilly, from Fenton's Hotel,
St. James's-street, for Ireland ; M•sior Russell, from ditto. for Ire_
land ; Captain Forbes, from ditto, for Bath; W. R. Toke, Esq.
and Mrs. 'Poke, at Symmon's Hotel (late Jordan's), St. James's-
street, from a tour; L. Lloyd, Esq. and family, at the Berners
Hotel, Berners-street, from Brighton ; the Rev. Richard Boyce,
at ditto, from Brighton ; the Rev. J. Butler, at ditto, from Bath.
