LONDON, THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 1r340.

TEAM.—For OPORTO direct, with Pm-
1, sengers only. To SAIL from SOUTHAMPTON on
the 20th JUNE, the fine fast-sailing Steam-ship
QUEEN ADELAIDE,
Coppered and Copper-fastened, 304 tons register.
This splendid Vessel has highly-superior accommodations for
passengers, and is well stored with every thing that can afford
them coo fort.
First Cabin Fare l5l.
Second ditto
including Provisions, Wines, &c.
For further particulars apply to Messrs. Warre Brothers,
No. 32, Fenchurch-street, London ; or to Messrs. Chas. Baker
and Co., Southampton.

REVERSION.
1110 be SOLD, the ABSOLUTE REVER.
SION to a sum of 5 0001., with interest at 51. pe
cent., charged by way of MORTGAGE on a Freehold Es.
tate of ample value.
Fur price and particulars apply to Messrs. Baker and Co.
52, Lincoln's-Inn-fields London.

PERSECUTION of the JEWS in the
EAST.—At a 214EETING of the several LONDON
CONGREGATIONS of JEWS, held in the Great Syna-
gogue, Duke's-place, on Tuesday, the 23d of June instant,
Sir MOSES MONTEFIORE, F.R.S.. President of the
London Committee of Deputies of the British Jews, in the
Chair.

-F4DINBUTIGH, every Tuesday and Saturday,
.B' from Brunswick-wharf, Blackwall. Passengers can
walk on board.

The Afternoon Divine Service having been performed, a
Report was read, describing the present state of the Jews in
Damascus, and also several hitters were read, received by the
Chairman, by Messrs. De Rothschild, and by Messrs. Monte-
fibre Brothers, and others, from Damascus, Jerusalem, and
Alexandria, corroborative of the facts detailed in the Report,
and urging the Jews of Europe to adopt means to obtain jus-
tice for the accused, and also to seek the intervention of the
European Governments, when the following resolutions were
unanimously adopted :
Moved by MAYER. ANSELII DE 'ROTHSCHILD, EN. ; se-

The polNerful and magnificent new steam-ships LEITH,
MONARCH, and CLARENCE, having several private state
cabins for families, and whose unrivalled accommodations and
superior speed are well known. leave Brunswick-wharf, Black-
wall, for EDINBURGH, as follow :
The LEITH, en SATURDAY NIGHT, June 27.
The MONARCH, on TUESDAY NIGHT, June 30.
The CLARENCE, SATURDAY NIGHT, July 4.
Apply at-the General Steam Navigation Company's Offices,
37, Regent-circus, 35, Leadenhall-street, and 69, Lombard-
street. For freight apply at 35, Leadenhall-street ; or at
Downe's Wharf.

conded by BA It 11-A-R-D—ifrAV OVEN, Esq.,

" That this Meeting do highly approve of the conduet of the
Board of Deputies and others, in having so zealously and
promptly taken the preliminary steps which appeared to them
to be necessary for the defence of the persecuted Jews of Da-
mascus, and fully adopt the resolutions passed by them in fur-
therance of such objects."
Moved by ISAAC COHP:N,... Esq., seconded by Baron LIONEL

Omnibuses start from 37, Regent-circus, at 8, a quarter-
past 8, and half-past 8, calling at 35, Leadenhall-street, to take
passengers down to the wharf.

BRIGHTON.

DE ttOTHSCHILD,
" That this Meeting do request Sir Moses Blontefiore to corn•
witinicate these proceedings to her Majesty's Principal Seers-
tAry of State for Foreign Affairs, and entreat to grant to Sir
Moses Montefiore such protection as shall ensure his personal
safety, and such documents as may promote the fulfilment of
the objects of his mission."
Sir Moses Montefiore having expressed his perfect willing-
ness to accept the important trust confided to him,
It was moved by Louts LUCAS, Esq., seconded by S. J.
WALET, Esq.
" That this Meeting deeply-impress:A with the generosity,
and humanity, zeal, and self-devotedness displayed by Sir
Moses Montetiore, do deeply offer him their grateful thanks in
token of their admiration of his conduct."

BELLE VUE MANSION HOTEL,
KING'S ROAD, BRIGHTON

WILLIAM CARTER respectfully begs leave to announce
tothe NOBILITY and GENTRY visitizg this FASHIt tN-
ABLE PLACE, that he has this season made considerable
improvements in the above WELL-SITUATED ESTAB-
LISHMENT.

He has newly furnished the greater part of the Hotel;
and fitted up the COFFEE-ROOM with a view to Comfort
and Economy.
W. C., therefore, flatters himself that the BELLE VUE
MANSION HOTEL will c> found equal to any similar
Establishment in Brighton. win-crier for AIRINESS OF SI-
TUATION (facing the Seal or for extreme attention to
the comfort of those who may h 'our him with their patronage.
GOOD STABLING, &c. &c.

Alo7ed by ABRAIIADI AIOCATTA, Esq.; seconded by F. D

GOLDSMITH, Esq:,

BELLE VUE MANSION HOTEL, KING'S.ROAD,
BRIGHTON, APRIL 1840.

" That this Meeting acknowledge with the deepest sense of
gratitude the prompt interference of our Government in taking
measures to relieve the sufferings of our brethren in the Lest,
and in endeavourirg to obtain justice for them ; and they rely
with confidence on a continuation of their exertions to relieve
our suffering co-religionists from the further calamities that
might otherwise befall them.
Moved by J. RA PHAEL, Esq. ; seconded by H. HYA ms, Esq.,
" That, the thanks of this Meeting are due, and are hereby
given to such non-Israelites as have stood forward to vindicate
our cause, the cause of religion, justice, and humanity."
The following are the Resolutions referred to in the first of
the foregoing Resolutions :
" That this Meeting having listened with great attention to
various letters and documents from the East, showing the ne-
cessity of further interference on the part of the Jews of Europe
in favour of their persecuted brethren of Damascus, and having
learned that the Consistoire Central des Is, asides of Paris
have prevailed on Monsieur Cremieux to proceed to Alexandria
as their Delegate, to advocate the cause of the accused Jews in
Damascus, it is the opinion of this Meeting that it is highly ex-
pedient that some gentleman of rank and talent, delegated by
the Jews of London, do accompany Monsieur Cremieux, to co-
operate with him.
" That is the opinion of this Meeting that Sir Moses Mon-
tefiore, from his high moral character, his influence and zeal,
is particularly fitted to be the representative for such purpose
of the British Jews at the Court of the Pacha of Egypt, and the
defender of our persecuted brethren in the East ; and that this
Meeting do request Sir Moses Montefiore to accept such ap-
pointment.
" That Sir Moses Montefiore be empowered. in the event of
his acceptance of such appointment, to take with him any legal
and other assistance that he may deem expedient to accomplish
the object of his mission.
" '1 hat a subscription be opened towards remunerating the
gentlemen who may accompany Sir Moses Montefiore, and for
defraying the other expenses of the undertaking; and that the
money thus collected be placed at the disposa of Sir Moses
Montefiore.

BATH ARMS INN, TAVERN, AND HOTEL,
CENTRE of the MARKET-PLACE, WARMINSTER.
JOHN HILLIAR most respectfully returnshis
sincere thanks to the Nobility, Gentry, Commercial, and
Public in general, for the kind patronage bestowed on the above
Establishment during the many years he has been Proprietor ;
and hopes, by unremitting snention, to merit a continuance of
the same.

Well-aired Beds, with every comfort in tite Sleeping De-
partment. Good Stabling, Lock-up Coach-houses, and every
accommodation in Posting. Neat Post-chaises, Chariots, Ba-
rouches, Flys, Hearse, and Mourning-coaches, with good and
steady Horses, and careful Drivers. Bath, Bristol, Wells,
Bridgwater, Salisbury, Bomsey, Southampton, Portsmouth,
Brighton, and London Coaches to and from the house every day.

" That Baron Lionel de Rothschild be appointed to receive
the subscriptions agreeably to the foregoing Resolution."
A liberal subscription in furtherance of the objects of the
Meeting was then entered into, and, the business of the Meeting
being concluded, a payer 'to the Almighty was offered by the
Chief Rabbi, Dr. Hirschell, for the safety and protection of
the Chairman, and for the success of his mission.

TR AND UNION
kJ TO UNDERTAKERS.-CONTRACTS FOR
FUNERALS.

Notice is hereby Given, that the GUARDIANS of the
POOR of the S fRAND UNION, will, at their weekly
Mr eting, to be held on TUESDAY, the 30th day of Jute instant,
at Twelve o'Clock at Noon, RECEIVE PROPOSALS and
enter in,o a Contract for performing the Funerals of de-
ceased I'aupers. The Contractor will be required to use a
One-Horse Hearse, and the Interments must take place in con•
serrated ground.

Printtd Forms of Tender, with further particulars, may be
had at the Strand Union Office, •:3, Surrey-street, Strand, and
at the Workhouse of the Union, Cleveland-street, Middlesex
Hospital.
No Tenders will be received after Twelve o'Clock on the
day of Meeting, and the same will be opened and considered at
Half-past One precisely, when the patties will be required to
be personally in attendance, or their Tenders will not be enter-
tained. The Guardians !o not bind themselves to accept the
low est Proposal.

J. CORDER, Clerk to tho Guardians.
Dated the 1 ith day of June, 1840.

VALE of NEATH and SOUTH WALES
BREWERY.

Allt EC'

;TORS,

Joseph Stancomb, Esq. William Brunton, Esq.
John White Little, Esq. W. 11. Buckland, Esq.
Joseph Rusher, Esq.
Capital, £125,000, in 6,250 Shares.
A portion of the Reserved Shares will be issued at 251. per
Shaer, to rate equally with the original 101. Shares.
The estimated average profit was 15 per cent. It is calcu-
lated that the benefit arising from the recent invention of an
ingenious and scientific imprevement in the pmcess of brewing
(the exclusive right to which has been purchased by the Di-
sectors), will so increase the profits as to yie'd a return on the
new Shares equivalent at least to that which was expected to
at crue from the original Shares.
Applicafons for Shares to be r.:ade to the Directors (at the
Vale of Nec.th Brewery, Meath), who will furnish information
to parties desirous of becoming Shareholders.

METROPOLITAN PATENT WOOD-
PAVEMENT COMPANY.
On the Principle of that le_i :=down at Whitehall.
Capital 150,000/. , in 15,00=4 Shares of 10/. each,
6,000 of which are taken by the present Proprietors;
Deposit 3/. per Share.
PROVISIONAL COMMITTEE.
G. T. Andre.vs, Esq. George Barrett Leonard, Esq.
Col. S.r Burges Camac,K.C.S. G. Brydges Lee Warner, Esq.
W. Edward Grairger, Esq. George Lungley, Esq.
Charles Hulse, Esq. T. Lamie Murray, Esq.
Clement Tabor, Esq.
With power to add to their number.
13.aNntas—Messrs. Ladbrokes, Kingscote, and Co.
SOLICITORS—Messrs. Hodgson and Burton,
10, Salisbury-
street, Strand.
OFFICES-20, John-street, Adelphi.
This Company is formed for Paving the Metropolis, and
twenty miles round. Sffteimens of the principle have been
laid down at Whitehall, Buckingham Palace, and Oxford-street,
where 2,000 yards more are commenced. The principle is a
now section of the cube. The Blocks are cut across the grain,
at an angle of 6:; degrees 26 minittes 5 seconds and 8-10ths of a
second, which causes the diagona 1 joining of the obtuse angles of
the two par.;llelopipedes to fall in a perpendicular straight line,
which, laid down obliquely, gives to a surface, perpetually even,
all the strength of an arch.
The streets of London alone comprise 6,000,000 square
yards, and are kept in repair at an annual expense of 300,0001.
The profits of the Company will be derived from the original
laying down of the Pavement, each million of square yards
yielding 150,000/. profit—and also from keeping their pave-
ment in repair, which on a moder6te calculation will amount
to 60,000/. per annum—at the same time effecting a saving of
one-half of the Paving-rates to the several parishes. The pre-
sent orders received by the Company amount to 30,000/. Ne-
gotiation, are pending for other works to a great extent.
Meetings have been held at Liverpool and Manchester. at
which, after the principles of the Wood Pavement were ex-
plained, Resolutions were unanimously passed, approving of
the scientific principle adopted by the Metropolitan Patent
Wood Pavement Company, and strongly recommending its ge-
neral use.
tioAnApplica
tion has
doowna since
guar been
tero f a made to the Inventor
mileinlensithat for
i‘la pneheermsteisr:
and the work will commence forthwith.
1 obApplicationbusiness
Adelphi,f o r Shares
whereto b e
prospectuses a ddetrrheesta,s. ei u tobl
mayte h, ebtSecretary,eobtrasoii
nnvesld 0. 2n 0a
1,
In consequence of the greatd to
necessary7s,
Ktoinegsvvtabilliiisalsma-
Company has been announce
BRANCH OFFICE in
William-
street, where Models may be seen, and Prospectuses obtained.
leabCslolTuYte,lyatNo
Committee .have Mural itti

_ __________
T 76,
KING WILLIAM-STREET, BANK of
ENGLAND, AND 39, ALBEMARLE-STREET, PICCADILLY.—
DEAFNESS AND DEFECTIVE. VISION.—A greater proof of
the value of the Messrs. S. and B. Solomons' Invisible Ope-
rative Voice Conductor, and newly-invented Spectacle Lenses,
cannot be alcl•iced than the circumstance of the many thou-
sands of individuals who have obtained the greatest benefit and
instant relief, and the constant immense demand there is
for them, and the patronage they have and daily continue to
receive. The Messrs. S. and B. Solomons disclaim all con-
nexion with persons of the same name and the sale of amber
spectacles; the pernicious use el amber spectacles being now
well known to the public, and the vendor being aware of it,
he has therefore altered their name, by leaving out the word i
Andrew Ure, Esq., 111. D. , F. R. S., &e., states ao Ater is most
" amber," and calling them " Patent Spectacles." Dr. I
Parks and I
powerfully electrical by friction, very hot. to such an extent
as to explode into fragments. The workmen, to,, are subject
, Gracece.
to a nervous tremour in their wrists, arms, &c. ; they encounter
great danger by handling such dreadfully-excited electrics:
Hems, on Chemistry.
Amber is of such a soft and sticky nature that it. is apt to take
The pernicious and destructive use of
vision may be
fire ; and when exposed to warmth, it swells, bubbles up, and
will burn away with flame. This statement is further con-
firmed
by Sir D. Brewster and Pliny, as also by
such a material for spectacles to imperfect,
ssttrroeeyte,d othnellelhoanpdealys:
tained at any respectable optician's in London. ascer-
tained
G. K. Prince desires us to
relied at
correct an error which appeared in the report of the si
while his words were that "the white men,
Lasrte
which he made at the Friends' Meeting House, ech
having He was made to say that the 4,
Magistrates, and others were the destroyers, and some of them
repented, assisted asstiwstoed i3n,oroencognstfreuicitoinwgstheqmo.a'r'
Holm Rook, and finally settled their dlfference by a regular
up-anal-down tight, in tf.i. Lancashire fashion. As a, ri
prate conclusion to tlic:ir livut:ility, i‘iii,. of the comb-, '''',;''-h°-;
his opponent's nose utt, arid :wallowed it !—Halifax •I'a'.-- --*
ax Ea wean.

PRICE sd,

BRITISH AND FOREIGN ANTI- traffic. In Jamaica, for instance, at one time public h nds
SLAVERY SOCIETY, were not permitted to be bought without a strict iiel nc
—......—____
tion that a certain number of sieves should be located on
The Annual Anniversary Meeting of this Society took the ground ; Government, therefore, in this instance, is a
place yesterday morning at Exeter Hall, Ida Royal High.. party concerned. It has compelled these people to 1 ur-
Hess the Duke of Sussex in the chair. The doors were cesse slaves, and, therefore the country is in duty b end,
opened at ten o'clock, and immediately the whole area of wishing to put an end to shivery, to come forward and the immense Hall and the galleries surrounding it were make compensation to these individuals. I have stated
crowded by well dressed persons, many of whom had been these circumstances to the meeting only to show
waiting at the doors for some hours. fler Grace the that although we are right, et wa eught
Duchess of Sutherland, accompanied by Mrs. Fry, made I not to actsunjustly towards thosey who have been
her appearance on the platform, about half-past ten ' unjustly entrapped isto the concern. At one
o'clock. Both ladies were greeted with the most enthu- ; o'clock I must retire. Necessity compels me to do so.
siastic applause. Mons. Guizot, Ambassador from his ' I have come here at no little inconvenience, but at no sa-
Majesty the King of the French, soon after appeared on crifice, for I have received the eles.sure of seeing youes-, the platform, and was received with loud cheers. He (His Royal Highness sat d•cevn amidst loud applause.)
shook hands with the Duchess of Sutherland and Mrs. 1 After the conclusion of his Royal Highness's speech
Fry, and took his seat near them upon the platform. We 1 Mr. O'Connell appeared upon the platform and was re-
also observed M. Isambert, Deputy from the . French i ccived with the most enthusiastic electing. When the
Abolition Society to the Anti- Slavery Convention ; Mr. cheering had cer.scd there was an attemnt at disapproba-
Knibb, the Baptist Missionary of Jamaica, whose ap con by a little knot of persons, not exceeding half a dozen,
pearance on the platform was bailed with loud cheering; in a remote corner of the 'ball, ehich, however, had only
M. L'lnstant, of Hayti ; Mr. George Thorripson ; Dr. the effect of producing a tremendous round of applause
Boa ring ; Mr. Bradburn, Member of the Legislation of from all parts of the meeting. When the cheering had
the State of Massachussets; Mr. Binney, Secretary subsided
to the Anti-Slavery Society of New York; Messrs. Mr. JOSEPH STURGE came forward and said that their
Turnbull, Baxter, Grosvenor, and other delegates venerable friend, Thomas Clarkson, was in an adjoining
to the Anti-Slavery Convention ; E. A. Son- room, and as it was probably the last public opportunity he
ford, Esq., M. P. ; Joseph Sturge, of Birmingham ; would have of meeting the, friends of the cause, he was
who was cheered on his appearance ; T. F. Buxton, Esq., desirous of saying a few words at the conclusion of the
who was received with loud applause ; Dr. Madden, Pro- reading of the Report. The delicate state of his health
tector of captive slaves in the island of Cuba ; R. Slangy, had rendered it desirable that he should remain outside
Esq., M. P. ; Sir S. Lushington,' D. C. L., M. P. ; until their Royal Chairman had delivered his address,
M. Alcide Laure; Sir Eardley Wilmot, Batt., M.P. ; and he would take that opportunity of informing the
Andrew White, Esq., M.P. aeC. Lister, Esq., M.P. ; Royal Chairman, that at his first entrance into that meet-
- Busfield, Esq., M. P. ; Lord Charles Fitzroy, M. P. ; ing, some little mistake had occurred, many of thole present
Charles Hindley, Esq ,M.P. ; Hon. H. Lascelles, M. P. ; having imagined that their venerable friend Thomas Clark-
J. Pryme, Esq., M. P. ; J. M. Trew, Esq. ; S. Gurney, son had then entered. On account of the weak state of
Esq. ; Daniel O'Connell, Esq., MP. ; Mr. Roche, the health of their venerable friend, he trusted that they
M P. ; Mrs. Clarkson and her son (grandson of T. Clark- would abstain from any expression of popular feeling at
son), only male representative of the family; G. Wood, the conclusion of the few words which be was desirous of
Esq., M.P. ; George Wilbraham, Esq., M.P. ; F. F. addressing to them. The son of their venerable friend,
Bcamish, Esq., M. P. ;1. H. owther, Esq., M. P. ; Thomas Clarkson, had died some years ago, and had left
Countess of Brunswick. one son behind him. That grandson, and his widowed
Before the commencement of the business of the meet- mother, would ,company him into the room, and that
ing, the Rev. Mr. SCALES, the Secretary to the Society, child was the only male representative of the venerable
came forward, and announced that the venerable and vene- Thomas Clarkson.—( Cheers. )
rated father of the great and noble cause in which they The CHAIRMAN said they would understand that while
were engaged, THOMAS Ceeeesoe, intended to be present Mr. Clarkson war present they would abstain from every
for a short time at the meeting-4 Loud cheering)—but the sxpression of approbation, bet that when he retired they
state of his health was so infirm that the excitement of any were at liberty to do as they liked.—(Cheers.)
strong feeling would be too much for him ;he had there- Shortly afterwards Mr. Clarkson, accompanied by his
fore to request that when he made his appearance the daughter-in law and graedson, entered the room, and took
utmost stillness might prevail ;he had made that announce- his scat on the left of the Illustrious Chairman, who shook
ment in order to prevent any demonstration of applause on him cordially by the hand. The most profound silence was
his appearance, which would overcome their venerable observed, and the venerable gentleman and his orphan
frit n 4. in the present infirm state of his health. grandchild appeared to be objects of the deepest interest Shortly afterwards, his Royal Highness the Duke of and sympathy to all present. Although feeble, we are
Sussex came upon the platform. On his first ap_ happy to state that the general appearance of the venerated
pearance his Royal Highness was mistaken by many father of the anti-slavery movement betokened that he was
of those present for Mr. Clarkson, but when he came in the enjoyment cf as good health as at his advanced pc-
forward and was recognised the shouts of applause with , riod of life commonly falls to the lot of s human being.
SS hich he was received were absolutely deafening. Mr. SCOIILIC then read the following :
The Duchess of Sutherland rose to receive his Royal ABSTRACT OF REPORT.
Highness, and her example was followed by all present. However interesting or desirable it might be to sketch the
His Royal Highness shook hands cordially with her Grace, history of the abolition of the slave-trade and of slavery by the
who sat to the right of the chair, and also with M. Guizot, Legislature and the people of this country, as preliminary to the
and took his scat amidst the loudest applause and the
proceedings of the day, the Committee of the British and Fe-
waving of hats and handkerchiefs from all parts of the
reign Anti-Slavery Society feel that it would be trespassing
too much on the time and attention of this great meeting to
immense assembly.
take even the most rapid glance at it, and will therefore CCM-
SAMUEL. GURNEY, Esq. then came forward and sa'd, he tent themselves for the present in merely stating, that in the
proposed that the meeting should accept the great favour facts connected with that history, as well as inng,
the actual state
which had been offered them by his Royal Highness the of the anti-slavery cause, at the present moment, they find the
Duke of Stvsex, who had kindly consented to take the most ample justification for the formation, the extension, and
chair cn the present occasion. He aced hardly say that the support of the institution to which it is time honour and
there were few objects in tho furtherance of which they their happiness to belong. In the brief statement of particu-
could expect so great a favour at the hands of his Royal hats the, Committee propo-e to make, they would call attention,
Highness, but seeing the great importance of the obj, et of
el;•
ilesootnhewohriglin.tof. the Society ; 2. To the fundamental. prin-
t is based, and the means by which It pro-
the present meeting, and the philanthropic and religious
poPses to accomplish its ob•ects •3. labours of
.the past
character of that object, he could not but congratulate
; and, 4. The uestionjs which' press The
most on their atten-
them on the occasion, and would conclude by moving that
lion at the present tigme. - his Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex do take the chair. 1. On the 27th February, 1839, in compliance with an invi-
M. Guizoe, the French Ambassador, rose to second the tation issued by their devoted fellow-labourers in the cause of
resolution, and was received with- most enthusiastic cheer- human freedom and happiness, Joseph Sturge,—a small body
ing. He spoke in English as follows :—I have the honour of gentlemen who deeply sympathized with him in the great
to second this motion—(Cheers)—and I congratulate object he 'had in view, met at the Guildhall Coffee-House,
myself as being honoured with it.—( Loud cheering.) London, to take into consideration the propriety of forming a
Society for promoting the abolition of slavery and the slave-
His Royal Highness the Duke of SUSSEX then rose and
eas received with loud cheering which lasted several mi- trade throughout the world, by moral and religious influence,
and suchh measures only as will not, directly or indirectly,
flutes. When the applause had somewhat subsided his
Royal Highness addressed the meeting as follows ;--It is sanctiono tzenmploitytmtleint of att-,t. armed foreeffor its prevention
with extreme pleasure that I accept the situation you have
Passed
ssstyrreeo
inn
in e
t., d i o
0,
the s te
formation. t a seriesof
a s (
jock
t resolutionsbaett o n thoseere
conferred upon me by placing me in the chair en this im- principles, and a provisional Committee was Society
to take
portapt occasion.—(Cheers.) At the same itime I regret the necessary steps to secure its accomplishment.
that other duties which call for my presence elsewhere will The Committee thus appointed having entered upon their
Wiese me to retire before the conclusion of the business of duties, issued a circular, embodying the re
which had
the day.. I have duties elsewhere to perform which cannot been previously adopted, which was sent to each of the anti-
be executed ysithout my personal attendance, I having fixed slavery delegates convened in London and at subsequent pe-
this day by public announcement, it will be impossible for rinds, and likewise to each of the two Anti-Slavery Committees
me not to appear on that occasion. But when certain gee.- then existing in London, and to other friends of the cause
tlemen, most worthy and excellent members of this Society
fthroughoutt following, the country, inviting their attendance ivy Lyndon on
requested my attendance, I readily acceded to their request the h Aprilol
f,,rmincrthe
, focltyterthm.e.hl.ici ad been em
purposelil of e
recommended.
deep
the
to come here, in order, first, to prove by my presence, the propriety
Upwards of 1,100 circulars were sent throughout the eountr ••
deep interest I take in what may be called this most religi- and on the day appointed, friends of the anti-slavery cause,
ous cause—(Cheers)—and to prove by my act and my deed from various parts of the United Kingdom, met at Exeter
that I am_ hard and heart with you on this occasion._ Hall, and after two days of careful, serious, and deliberate con-
( Loud cheers.) It certainly is a most extraordinary cir- sideration of the whole subject, the British and Foreign Anti-
cumstanee that this numerous congregation of individuals Slavery Society was formed, and effice.bearer, appointed to
assembled torso reghteou4 a purpose should be nearly coming carry out its principles and plans. For details the Committee
to the temporary conclusion of their works here by the eels.- beg ro refer to the circular issued on the
bratien of the anniversary of this Institution. If 'understand containing the resolutions and address of the Society.
their object, it is by all peaceable—(Cheers)—religious,
.2. Among the resolutions passed at that meeting the Com-
ort dnetr eto
oo
ecathllepoarht.ieceutlsawr
IttsitethentthioenQto
Society
the
and moral means, to carry into effect the total abolition
second
anddee deem
third, i t
important
whichl
of slavery throughout the world. --(Loud cheers.) I proposes to aim at, and thePprinciplesj which should g'ooevieerny
may therefore use an expression which I have frequently
them in prosecuting their great enterprise; they are as follows :
adopted in ether places as well as here. This is a Catholic .. That the objects of the Society be the universal extinction of
cause. It is a can-e which combines all nations—all re- slavery and the slave-trade, the protection of the rights and
ligions—and all colours—and it is right that it should be interests of the enfranchised populaticn in the British posses-
so ; for that all- merciful Power which presides over !Les sions, and of all persons captured as slaves ;" and " that the
meeting and this cause, as He does over every religious and following be the fundamental principles of the Society—that
good cause, looks down equally on the lowest as on the so long as slavery exists there is no reasonable prospect of the
annihilation of the slave-trade, and of xtittguishing the sale
highest, on the black man as well as on the white—( Loud
and barter of human beings • that the extinction of slavery and
cheers)—and while interemed and speculative men deny
the slave-trade will be attained most effectually by the 1
this, the Divine power, which blends mercy with justice,
scent of those means which are of a moral, religious,emp :Li
regards the black equally with the white man, and has
pacific character, and that no measures be resorteto b this
created and endowed him with the same powers of mind Secietv, but such as are in entire accordance with' theseyprin-
s any of his fellow-creatures with whom the world is eiples."
peopled.—( Loud cheers ) How is it he has not risen 3. In pursuance of the duties devolved upon them, the Com-
then ? because it is by education only that he can improgh mittee have b-en earnestly and actively engaged (luring the
his mind, and work those materials which the Almighty past year in diffusing the principles of the Society, both at
has given his creatures for the benefit of mankind, and the home and abroad, in collecting information from various and
salvation of themselves. I say that a meeting like authentic sources, on all points connected with their immediate
this is a Catholic one, and it ought to be car- duties—in the fermation of auxiliary Associations in different
Inl,ta.iriiittsihtoafim,rtehase,niockluinigyidvoemxi,stoelrdofinsecuring the co-operation of those
ried out with feelings of charity, combined with orderly
habits, and submissions to the executive powers, on whom h Edinburgh and Glasgow, Bir-
o France and
and
ffooltlahte;dr,iamnpdoratavanitlpoilteetLitn sendingl
the task of carrying out ell etively the objects Of these
deputationsg t
meetings must ultimately devolve. Our duty is to en- the willing service of members of thcir ComMitteettseavmeos ofe
lighters the public mind—to create an interest in that ehom they would particularly mention their Treasurer, who
mind. on this subject; and having created such an interest, not only accompanied the deputations to France and Holland,
in the public mind, it becomes then our duty to guide it but has visited Denmark and Sweden in furtherance of the °b-
and ulace it in such a form as will carry weight with jects of the Society, in petitioning Parliament on subjects inti-
these who negotiate between nation and nation. I have mately connected with the cause of humanity and freedom, in
no hesitation in saying that the communication of feeling memorialising the Government, and securing interviews with
beta ern nation and nation, such as this, is attended with the heads of the Foreign and Colonial Departments, on various
important subjects connected with the rights-and welfare of the
the utmost advantage; but when it comes to a great axe-
omini at tfii
sc‘i coa.tnerdi
ebsolittiltisiiselieendi ioi thell
thilea to
sdllavce
(c)::ilioensi ens
eoffatrlitoistrelouriiitz—
cui iv e measure, which, by being too hastily or eagerly
pursued, may affect seriously the interests of different
duced into the Mauritius and British Guiana,' and against their
countries, it is the duty of a body like this to appeal to their
feelings, and fairly, firmly, and manfully to persevere in further expert from British e
India—nn the degraded condition
and sufferings of the liberated Africans in. Cuba and the
persZding them to assist us in fully carrying out our oh- Brazils—on the precarious situation of the fugitive slaves who
jects. I say this sincerely. I have a strong impression have sought refuge in Canada from the oppression of their
on my mind of the neeessity of submitting to the Exe- masters—on the duty of protecting the negroes found on board
cutive the exact manner in which we are to carry out our the Amistad, and now detained in the prisons of the United
ulterior objects. Let us look back to history. It is lament- States, contrary to every dictate of humanity and international
law—on the necessity of refusing to acknowledge the indepen-
able to see bow greet and ennobling feelings have been
Texas—and various other subjects of kindred interest
perverted by politicians for the purposeof exciting in different
anddenc(' of
importance.
nations a national feeling one against the other. History
The Committtee have also directed their attegition to the con-
preves that this has been the case in the greatest, and
sideration of such plans as were likely to promote the objects of
most ennob'ing, and sacred of all causes—the cause of re- the Society, to the schemes of emigration into the British colo-
ligion. I need net advert to the crusades, when, under the
now so earnestly pressed on the attention of Parliament,
the pretence of the name of the Almighty, Christians set the Government, and the people of this country, by the West ,
themselves against their fellow-men, and the cause of war India body, and the state ofithe laws in the British colonies, in
was sanctioned by the name of
.the God of Peace.— so far as they are calculated to abridge the rights of the en-
( Cheers.) Let us take care not to fall into the same franchised negroes, and to obstruct the successful working of
error, and let us not, while we are working for the benefit the free system. -
of mankind, suffer speculating individuals to . turn our The Commsttee would also state that, in addition to various
eirenlars issued by the Committee, they have published and cis-
righteous cause Ho one of mischief.—(Loud cheers.)
lets,
an address to the women_
.of England, and two pamph-
Are you prepared, in ibis great cause, to carry such
oneques-
aestsa,n i dain
eexdaemi itn at ion of thed cleims of Naas to be recognized
tions at the risk of war and bloodshed?—(Cries of " No,
-teor, ,Maann r i
tianotherMauritius
and ofni r
itthi
seh
ucruelnia treatmentThey
no.") I believe you are not, most certainly. I expected of CoonliesTimnporteA'in"
such a response, and lam most happy to hear it ; and I have also issued every alternate week, and oftener, as occasion
hope that gentlemen who come here will make their state- has required, as the official organ of the Society, the Tine Bri-
ments of the cruelties and horrors they have witnessed with- fish and Foreign Anti-Slavery Reporter, in the form of a
out attempting to east a slur upon any nation.—(Cheers.) newspaper, which they trust will obtain an extensive circula-
te will thus come to the knowledge of those whose duty it tion amongst their friends in every part of the empire.
is to report the circumstances in the quarter in which they The:great Anti-Slavery Convention called by the Committee
ought to be reported, and those persons will eventually be has nearly terminated its important sittings ; the results of its
satisfied-,-first, as to the morality of the cause, and, se- deliberations will, in due time be given to the world. The
Committeebl are grateful to the friends of the oppressed who have
condly, that the destruction of a trade so horrid as thetoy
trheesiamdnodei
idontootfheeviirsrieall,
measureand, without Vedgihngclot the i So.
slave trade must be for their own interest and ulti-
e
mate benefit.—(Hear, hear.) Following with other sclient;
tion, or holdingpthemselves'responsibleprZnaslel to
they re-
countries which still employ the labour of the joice in believing that its solemn testimony against slavery, as
slave, the same principle which we have already opposed to the eternal and immutable principles of natural jus-
carried out, we must labour to prove to them that it is tree, and the spirit and precepts of the Christian religion, will
for their interest to make him free, to inspire him with re- be felt throughout every branch of the Church, as well as
ligious and sober habits, and, by improving his mind, to throughout every portion of the civilized world, and that imme_
improve the felicity of the society, and the welfare of the dime emancipation, without restriction, and without price,
unanimous)} recognized as the duty of all persons and Govern.
country in which he resides. By pursuing such a course,
oielfaiticotniiisntatthherosunptoorntt ofth slavery, will will be the watch-
opinion of the world at large will be with yon; and so
4. Upon British Abolitionists the duties which
heavily at the present moment are the abolitione of slavery in
truly known is the powtr of the respectability of this
British India, the necessity of watching over the Legislation,s
country, which you have with you, that it must give
into andan d
you additional weight and confidence; and, when I see and purifyins, the administration of justice in the colonies, myself surrounded, as I atn, not only by the nobility and of resisting the enactment of any schemes of emietatiloens,
talents of this country, but that the representative of the them the result of which may be injurious to the'liberty
King of the French—(Cheers)--whose talents are so well happiness of their
ntese:iv,fwethihitmemiervoesfyrnittilr
pleearteh slaveiies
s a
directed,thumanrade, being
thither
a nb de
fellow-men. But their efforts will ne't
bweolritmutrhi
known—whose knowledge of the history of this country
sscinoiin,)
jttielnedethdithlsoseeitrshlaiffeni,..eetrhie,
is so extensive, as has been manifested by a recent publics- subject
nn
by the steady p
tion, which must hand down his name to posterity—( Loud
cheers)-_I feel confident that our operations must thrive, their afforded, and, in conjunction with the Abolifion-
ists of otherp
and that we must succeed in a cause so righteous as this,
n timedii nat i oriel
remonstrance,
oksnoo ersevering disse-
a'snlcect.igas wel'wifth authorities at home as those
That such must be the ultimate ei.bject, the ftequent but well-
-( Immense cheering.)
result I cannot doubt. In discussing this question, you as rooiatdo,ustltioe
minatrneapieildlo)
should recollect that individuals are not nations, althoughslavery in its real character,ote
exposuref
0 i
Intsei
nvseo t o God, the calm but resolute the criminal act of one individual must tend to cast a stain denunciation of its supporters,
of its victims, to hasten
upon the . character cf that country. We ourselves, in- -_, the countenance and protection
the glorious day when not a slave shall
duced in the first place, by the exertions of a few act the soil which lie cultivates with his tears, or crimson it
and worthy men, one of whom, and the with his blood, most respectable
Father
of this great cause, will this day appear before you, The Committee would have felt delighted to have referred
endeavoured to blot out this stain from our character. In particularly to the gigantic efforts made by the abolitionists of
the United States institution' from
this we succeeded, and we invited other nations to ce.ope- . of America to purge their
to
rate with us. They came forward to do so, some with
theh stain, and their people from the guilt of slavery,ue
f and Human
more difficulty than others. This was to be expected avedwelt on the general advance of thesaeredea
but their limitss forbid.
here there were so many and such varied interests ; but freedom They
on the continent of Europe!
W
cannot however avoid expressing an earnest hops that
because our cause is a righteous one, it is net
therefore by p' t•e -k of abolition in her
neat ss or
ranee w • '
ill min accomplish the ,
injustice that it is to be. carried out. If you say that the colonies, and se • to herself the honour of perfecting at. on.e,
s.cili;;g of human flesh it, iv ICkL? grid al,orlinikble, alt must , and fe;ever. acug.at work. hy gi \-1:14- il,:111e::;,tu art:l entire ,
agrc•"xith 3 ou• 13'It ri'ty'r"'"'''''s at '''g ''i'''n mi'e"l"l i ..'''''-'i,azi,L;n'oft-:er%lavcs, and thustct a noble example to uetter 1
uoieons, may stare emcee these people to engage in this 1 nations. ef the earth.
