EAST INDIA AFFAIRS:

Mr. HUME in rising to bring his present motion before the
House observed, that although India was a Colony of great
importance it was seldom that subjects concerning in it were
brought before that House. This might perhaps 'be account-
ed for in consequence of the vast distance of our Eastern
possessions from England, and a general feeling that we were
but imperfectly qualified to Legislate fbr people so remote,
and with whom we were comparatively so little acquainted.—
It was true, that by existing laws only such measures as were
approved of at home could be executed in India ; but for his
part, he was free to confess under all the circumstances of the
case, that if proper persons were chosen to administer the
affairs of that Possession, the less interference on the
part of the authorities, the better that country would be
governed. If those appointed were not competent,' it was
indeed impossible that the 'evil could be effectually re-
medied in this country, although it undoubtedly was the duty
of this House to inquire into matters of such deep importance to
the Empire. He should now call their attention particularly to
the present war in India, which, from whatever motive under-
taken, would -not, he feared, reflect much credit on the Go-
vernment. He had waited for some Julie in hope that he
should be able to learn satisfactorily the details of that en-
terprise. Never, however, was so meagre a mass of information
made public on so important a subject as had been laid on the
table of this House, and although he waited in expectation of
having the deficiency supplied through other channels nothing
of the kind had yet taken place. Improperly as the war may
have been commenced, it was necessary that it should be car-
ried on to a speedy and successful issue.- • India had been fa-
voured with two or three able Governors-General who had con-
solidated its power and connection with England, and it was
only necessary to continue it in the state in which it was left
by the Marquis of Hastings, to produce the most beneficial re--
sults to the empire. In order to show the importance of pur-
suing the policy of that Noble Marquis, he might lie permitted
to state, that in our Eastern Empire there were 150,000 native
troops, and not more than 20,000 European troops to keep in
check a population of (he regretted to acknowledge it) no one
knew how many millions, but which if he estimated at 80 or 90
millions, he certainly was within bounds. It required no com-
mon ability to govern so vast a territory, so peculiarly cir-
cumstanced, with such a force, and yet two or three years ago
profound peace and content reigned throughout the whole of
our eastern dominions. That under Lord Amherst's adminis-
tration the aspect of affairs had altered he did not blame that
Nobleman, but those who sent him to India. 'Amiable as Lord
Amherst was allowed to be in private life, there was not
an individual connected with the East Indies who did not
say, that although his Lordship might be qualified to rule that
region during a period of tranquillity, he was totally unfit for
the task during hostilities. It so happened, however, that
Lord Amherst had scarcely commenced his Ministry when the
country was plunged into a war which, let it end as it might,
could not be terminated with any advantage to the East India
Company. He now came to the mode in which that war was
conducted. It was well known that the rainy season in In-
dia, which lasted four or five months, always left the troops
unfit for service. He himself had been one of a detachment of
10,000 men, out of whom more than 1,500 were not fit for duty
from this cause ; and it was in consequence, an invariable
u Ityliioearifit
rrAinilm.iy htteiolrastt ,
thli
eorwe
Rangoon,e r, chose
wasanndo
thae
illv effects emc tes periodoefo could
to; cm transportiomstatet
rule with all Governors-General not to expose the troops to
the(t. h3a rt
British officer to whom had spoken on the subject, that
did not reprobate the proceedings. The efforts of troops so
situated could not be successful—disease attacked them, fol-
lowed by a great mortality. As the press was silenced in
India, he could only refer to private letters for the facts;
but they stated that more than 1,800 out of 8,000 men were
not effective—that the army in short was in a crippled state,
and that an alarm was spread throughout India calculated
to inflict the greatest mischief. The consequence was, that
the troops finding themselves on a footing they had never
before experienced, disobeyed their orders. With respect to
the mutiny at Barrackpore, he hoped the measures to quash
it would be proved to have been unnecessary. The welfare of
India undoubtedly required that the mutiny should be sup-
pressed at whatever expence ' • hut had Lord Amherst acted
on the suggestion of a wise Council, he would have pursued
a different line of conduct towards the mutineers. The inno-
cent as well as the guilty were punished. When every effort
was used to induce the men to lay down- their arms, the
officers and non-commissioned officers left the ranks and joined
the authorities. Was it justice then, four days afterwards to
dismiss with infamy every one of those who thus evinced a
proper spirit of obedience, and who on the contrary ought
to have been rewarded ? In the treatment of these officers
there was also this inconsistency—that after having dismissed
them the Governor General ordered a Court of Enquiry to in-
vestipte their conduct, so that if not guilty they might be re-
established. Men who could act in such a manner were unfit
to remain in power. From every Presidency the language
was the same—all concurred in indulging that the Governor-
General had lost the confidence of the country. He (Mr. H.)
now called upon his Majesty's Ministers to say if they had
taken measures to remedy the evil. He wished to know if the
orders to curtail the provisions of the troops had been sent out
from England —(Hear, hear. from Mr. 'W. Wynn.)—He (Mr.
Hume) hoped the Right Hon. Gentleman would he able to
justify the " hear, hear', which he had uttered. The private
letters asserted that, 3 weeks previous to the mutiny, the com-
plaints of the sepoys were made known to the Government.—
Their allowances had been pared down till they retained only
enough for their mere support. On all former occasions of a
similar nature the sepoys had been provided with cattle to carry
their baggage, for in such a climate the native troops were un-
able to sustain the burdens' of the Europeans soldiers---but in
this instance no bullocks were provided—a sum of money was
given in lieu, although money could not supply the wants corn.:
plained of. Why did not 'Lord Amherat obtain cattle for the
army instead of offering them a useless substitute? All these
things conspired to rouse the prejudices of the Sepoys, who be-
haved themselves under the influence of an evil spirit pretend-
ing nothing but disaster, and hence the mutiny which occurred.
When he (Mr. Hume) was in the Bengal Army, for every va-
cancy there were fifty candidates, and the idea of ' desertion en-
tered the head of no person. But what was the fact now, owing
to the different conduct pursued by Lord Amherst, compared
with that of the Marquis of. Hastings There was also another
piece of folly practiced of the most injurious tendency. It was
well known that any disgrace attached to the high caste of Brah-
mins, struck dismay into the natives. The Bengal Army, how-
. ever, for the most part, consisted of Brahmins, men of the finest

PRlct SEVENPLNcg.

and noblest feelings (an assertion in which many flonearable
Members now present could support him), and yet these we're,
the very persons condemned to infamy. The Motion with
which he-should conclude was for a Copy of the Marquis of
Hastings's Dispatch, dated 1819. Orders had been sent oW
to the Noble Marquis to recognise the Bengal Army, hut
with an attention to the wants of the soldier as well as the
interests of the Company, which he had always shown, those
orders were not carried into *effect. A Commission, however,
was appointed of Civil and Military Officers to inquire and
report into the-changes advised, and, their opinions were trans-
mitted to England, afterwards embodied in the dispatch just
mentioned. That dispatch, and the answer, he now wished to
have laid. on the table. it was indeed impossible that any
Governor-General could carry into effect every order seat
out to him, and in attempting to do so, Lord Ainherst had lost
the confidence of the Country. He (Mr. flume) was not sure
that the pay of the Sepoys had been reduced, bur their comforts
had been greatly diminished, and upon this, as well as all
other points,• his object was to obtain information. When i;.,
gave notice of his motion, he intended -to move for a Copy of
the Report of the Committee of Enquiry into the late Mutiny,
but he was informed yesterday at the India House that the
investigation had not yet terminated, and he should therefore
content • himself with submitting a resolution, requiring the
above dispatch of the Marquis of, Hastings, dated 1819, and
the'answer to it, dated 1823, to be laid before the House, and
also an account of •the extent to which the orders referred in
that dispatchlmd since been executed.
. _

Mr. W. WYNN, before lie adverted particularly to the sub-
ject of the Hon. Member's motion, must declare his entire cons
currence in an opinion which he had expressed. He had stated
that when the peace and welfare of so vast a territory, and at
so remote a distance, were involved, a very large discretion-
ought to be left with the Governor-General, in whom so mo-
mentous a trust was reposed. No persons could say, that or-
ders which were dispatched until five months after the events
to which they referred had taken place, and would not reach
their place of destination for five months subsequently, ought
to be implicitly followed with regard to the changes of circum-
stances in the interval. But at the same time that the Hon.
Member allowed so large a discretion should be vested to the
Government of India, he (Mr. Wynn) was surprised that lie
gave no room fiir the exercise of that discretion, nor even
any opportunity for explanation. He had as yet received but
the first statement which was drawn up of the Mutiny five days
after it occurred, and before the enquiry into its origin and na-
ture was concluded, and notwithstanding the Honourable Gen-
tleman demanded the whole facts of the case to be submitted to
the House.—( Hear, hear !)—Desirable as it might be to contra-
dict the false accounts which from various quarters had gone
abroad, it would be injustice to the Government of India to at-
' tempt its defence without the materials, on which alone it could
be founded, being in our possession. But with that Mutiny
the papers moved for, the Ilone Member for Aberdeen had not
the slightest or the most distant connection.—( Hear, hear!)—
The dispatch of the Marquis of Hastings (five years) which re-
lated to orders of an anterior date,. had nothing to do with the
late Mutiny, nor did it at all allude to the allowances of the
Native troops. The orders mentioned in tliat'dispatch referred
exclusively to the organization of the European part of the
army—to the regulation of the European Officers—and those
orders were long since partly carried into effect.—(Hear,
hear!)—lf he, too, might be allowed to speak on the au-
thority of individuals, he might add, that, except tiVe •Ors
six out of two regiments, who complained of their rank
not being sufficiently high, or in other words, of their pro-
motion not having been as great as they desiredthose orders
bred no discontent, for their operation was to reduce the
length of time between the stages of advancement. All he
could say therefore was, that the documents moved- for would
not throw the least light on - the recent mutiny. 'He r.
Wynn) was at the same time anxious to avail himself of the
present opportunity to offer a few words on the Unfortunate •
mutiny at Barackpore. The Hon. Member said, that the com-
forts and allowance of the troops had been withheld, and that
the mutiny in consequence ensued. He however could assure
the House that none of those comforts or allowances had ever
been reduced. It was unquestionably stated that there was a
great scarcity of bullocks ; and an inquiry having been insti-
tuted into the subject, an order for 4;000 rupees was given to
compensate for the deficiency of those animals. But the Hon.
Gentleman stated that money was not an equivalent for the loss
of the bullocks. Upon that score the dispatch mentioned that
immediate steps were taken to procure them, and that at the
time of the mutiny there were ten bullocks for carrying the
baggage absolutely within the lines—so that the only ground
of complaint had been entirely removed. It was certainly im-
possible to read the account of the melancholy events which
followed, ' without lamenting the necessity which led to the sa-
crifice of 180 lives. But before he proceeded further, lie must
observe, to spew how little reliance ought to be placed on the
statements in private letters, that he himself, by the first arrival
in England, received at least twenty letters, all of which,
although they differed in every respect, agreed in setting
down the number of killed at four or five hundred ! With re-
spect to the smaller number, could any man say when our force
was employed, where it ought to a moment to terminate.—
The Commanding Officer himself could not tell where the
slaughter was to stop. Under all these circumstances he would
leave any one to say whether the execution of eleven men weie
too severe a sentence, unless he could shew that the evidence
did not justify the punishment, and that the sufferers were not
the ringleaders of the mutiny. It was also impossible not to
take it for granted that the officers knew something of the plot.
The letters from India were unanimous in concluding, that if
the officers were not cognizant of the mutiny they ought to
have been so. With respect to the way in which the war had
been conducted, although the proper time had not arrived to
defend Lord Amherst, the question in a. great measure turned
u
pap
Burmesetooi nnon thewtl4 loaidtcwreldbiot ey,iirllne,il thei
mbti
eau Amhersttcccihoau determination
ait
oitnt
:ottdricj
naauonopsfdttaußyar
tessißgd:
jaotenhosdngoe.
lyn)
auoj
noI
rnh that Cannon
ownndoe
nt e rm
con-
ceivedi
judg-
ment, but in commune with the opinion of
rellldsloacujoornrcseeCsgatnrennottliiii
e
y
come to immediate terms and make peace. Such was the oh-
ject, not the acquisition of territory, for of the latter we already,
had quite enough, without seeking an accession to it in that di-
rection. He (Mr. Wynn) firmly believed that Lord Amherst
was compelled to commence hostilities; but till the Committee
of Enquiry closed its labours he should abstain from pursuing
that subject. The secret, however, of the outcry which wtts
raised against that Nobleman was, that at a ball he had led
down the Lady of the Commodore, instead of conferring the
honour on any of the Ladies of the senior merchants.--(Hear,
hear, and laughter.)
• Mr. ROBERTSON expressed his uneasiness at the present
posture of affitirs in India. Was it possible to be imliffereux
to the state of that country, when it was considered that the
Emperor of China may possibly, if we met with a reverse of
fortune, come with a mighty army to dispossess us? And who
could say that if things went on as they were going, but India
may soon be in a blaze ? That consideration should weigh with
the 'louse; it was not so much the loss of territory he valued
as the lives that would be exposed thee. The lion. Gentle-
man made some further remarks, and said, that nothing was to
be apprehended from the Burmese (as we understood). That
poor harmless people had no means of injuring us; on a late
occasion three companies of Sepoys defeated 11,000 of them.
Colonel DAVIES lamented fhe conduct pursued towards
the troops , who had mutinied. The unfortunate people
would, he was sure, have laid down their arms if properly
spoken to ; but when they had no expectation of it, ar-
tillery ,which had been designedly brought to bear on them
was discharged ; the very idea of such cruelty was suffi-
cient to make a man's blood boil in his veins.—(Hear,
hear !)—He had himself no means of personal observation,
but he had spoken to many officers of experience in India, and
heard from them that there did not breathe braver troops than
the Sepoys. They were, if required, ready to brave any danger
—to go even to the cannon's mouth; but by the subsequent
proceedings what were they ? The officers were branded with
disaffection—they were characterised as unworthy ofconfidence,
and dismissed with disgrace. Such conduct made him plash
for the British name. From these things we are 'able to judge
what Lord Amherst was capable of doing on other matters.—
He did not know whether his Hon. Friend (Mr. Hume) meant
to persevere in his motion to a division; if he did he (Colonel
Davies) should most certainly support him ; and he hoped that
his Hon. Friend, whether successful or not, would follow up the
motion of this night until the whole of these most extraordinary
preccedings were thoroughly made known.
Colonel FREEMA NTLE expressed his surprise that a
military man, like the gallant officer who spoke list, could con-
demn the means adopted for the suppression of the
He must know than prompt and strong measures were abso-
lutely necessary in such an emergency. They were not had re-
course to till every other-had failed ; till the misguided men re-
fused to listen to solicitation, and persisted in not laying down

!would protest in the case of the meanest servant against making
their arms. There was not, it was true, better or more obedient,
nrave, zealous, and disciplined soldiers in the world than the a privatee letter to
ground of a public charge. He lament-
oative troops f India; but it must be remembered that when, ,ed the nature of this debate, than which he had never heard
on this occasion, they refused to march, the. danger did not 1' a stronger.
arise from one regiment alone, but that every moment they Sir C. FORBES, in explanation,"denied he condemned the
I
were allowed to remain in such a state of insubordination, Government of Lord Amherst on the faith of one letter. He
the example would be extending itself to every part of the was.influenced by none of them.
country. The House could not be in a situation to judge of 1 The CHANCEIZOR of the EXCHEQUER said, that
the conduct of Lord Amherst. The dispatch of Lord Hastings the present debate had led to some of the most extraordinary
had no reference at all to this case. The great principle, and assertions with respect to public officers that it had ever been
that of the answer returned to it, was to place the European his fortune to bear in the course of his Parliamentary expe-
officers of the armies of the different establishments on the rience. As the Honourable . Gentleman opposite, however,
same footing. The regulations concerning the Bengal army (Mr. ilume, had brought forward his motion in an extremely
were submitted to the different authoritinse and upon no occa- thin House, ne would just state that, with that motion, the con-
sion In which these alterations were carried into effect, wasthere duct either of Lord Amherst or Sir .Edward Paget had nothing
a single remonstrance from the local Governments, or a corn- on. earth tondo.—(Hear, hear,)—The motion was to produce a
plaint from the army. The sum added to the expenditure of military dispatch—not of Sir Edw. Paget—notof the year 1824
the East India Company, for the purpose of procuring these ad- No ; but actually a military dispatch of the Marquis of Haatl
-
'nentages, of preventing the reduction of any individual, and ings in the year 1819. He perceived the mode in which, with
placing the forces of the various Presidencies upon an equality, some ingenuity, but with very Vie fairness, the Hon. Member
amounted but to 200,0001- The conduct of Lord Amherst was thought he had connected hit attack upon Lord Amherst with this
not at present fairly before the House, but when it was, he dispatch. It was. a document which referred to the allowances
eveuld in his conscience and without the least prejudice to his of the Bengal army at the date.. But the Hon. Member forgot,
'honour, declare that he expected he would be freed from cen- or perhaps was not aware, that in fact the paper did not bring
mere and cendemnation ; and he would feel much disappointed his observations within the record ; for it concerned the pay and
if the House and the country in general did not express the most allowances of only the European officers.—{hear !)—He did
• marked approbation of his conduct during the unfortunate tran- think that when Hon. Gentlemen came forward, impugning
sactions that had taken place in India. , the conduct of such men as Lord Amherst, and reproaching
Colonel BAILLIE was of opinion, that if in cases of former the Government for hesitating a moment as to his recall, it
mutiny or disaster the House proceeded to a judgment upon as was a little surprising that they had not the courage to come
little information as they possessed upon the present subject of forward with a direct motion, and call upon the House for a
discussion the
circumstances. He would remind the House the best Governors that ever ruled India would be vote on the subject, instead of throwing out charges against gen-
in most unpleasant
tlemen, in a way which precluded the possibility of their being
?hat the commencement of the Nepaul war, a few years since, answered.—(Hear, hear !)—For how could Lord Amherst or
was distinguished by the signal defeat of a distinguished de- Sir Edward Paget defend themselves against attacks such .es
-
tachment of our army, tinder the guidance of 'as gallant an those now so liberally made upon them ? For his (the Right
Hon. Gent's.) part he knew Lord Amherst personally; but lie
officer as any in the service. He recollected a mutiny about
thirty years since occasioned by the ordering of one of the would not, on such en occasion, utter one word in his defence.
most gallant and loyal native corps to go by sea to the per- (Hear, hear !)--He did not think the course now taken ought to
be answered. He did not think that it would•be justice to Lord
fermance of some service; the disinclination of the native
tro A
sto embark was known but under the circumstances mherst or to Sir Edward Paget to attempt to answer it.—
op,
it could not be avoided ; the mutinied, and the result was as (Hear !)—Let the Hon. Member (Mr. Hume) come forward di-
disistrous as the present ; the m
name of the loth Regiment was reedy- with a motion calling on the House for censure, and both
expunged from the army, the officers were dismissed the ser- the individuals whom be attacked would find abundance of de-
vice, and many of the men were capitally punished; various pe- fenders, and of able ones ; but unless he could connect his re-
nattier; were inflicted on others according to` the various de- cent observations with the dispatch of the Marquis of Hastings
grces of guilt; and many, after expressing their repentance, in 1819—unless he could do this, and he (the Chancellorof the
were restored. From the knowledge which he had of India Exchequer) defied him to do it—he bad certainly treated Lord
y .
f Amherst unfairl
or 30 years, he thought it impossible for a mutiny to takeplace
an a native regiment without the foreknowledge and conniv- Mr. BRIGIIT. by no means agreed with the Right Hon.
vice of the officers—these and the private men were generally Gent. in his view of the subject, and strongly objected to ranch
connected by the closest ties of blood, the latter being almost of the conduct which had been pursued in the late mutiny. The
always the sons of the former. In this point of view he thought general order which had been issued subsequent to that event
the officers deserved punishment, for if they had .dose their was a reflection upon the whole body of the native officers of
duty there would have been no mutiny. The Hon. Member India, and a most unjust one. The course which had been
for Aberdeen was, in his opinion, mistaken as to the number adopted with reference to the officers of the regiment which bad
of Bramins to be found amongst the native troops; they were mutinied, was still more ill-judged, for they seemed entirely to
riot by any means so numerous as he seemed to imagine. Under have done their duty on the occasion. Generally looking at
the present want of information, he conceived the motion of Lord Amherst's government, of • one fact he was quite sure--
tt.e Hon. Member was premature; and he trusted the House that India had done any thing rather than prosper under it;
-would not stigmatise the character of a Governor-General, of and be did hope, that motion after motion would be submitted
whose conduct they as yet knew nothing. to the House until the whole causes of the existing discontent
'• Sir C. FORBES said, he would not be deterred by any thing were inquired into.
that might be said either in the House or out of it from express- Mr. A STELL had heard no ground laid for the production
• his
mg opinion respecting the Government of Lord Amherst ; of the papers in question. For the matter of the Burmese war,
and he would assure the Right Hon. Gentleman, the President upon which many observations had been made, all the papers
of the Board of Controul, that he was not in the least prejudiced relative to that subject were already upon the table. No man
against the Noble Lord, on account of the way he acted with could regret more sincerely than he did the late mutiny which
regard to the Ladies' Precedence—so far from it, that he ap-
had occurred ; but a court of inquiry was sitting upon the di:-
proved highly of his conduct on the occasion ; and assisted at cumstances connected with that event ; and he trusted, that
the Board in preventing the Directors from sending out His-
until that court reported, the House would suspend its opinion..
patcheioexpressing their displeasure against him.—(Laughing.) Mr. EYSHE PALMER supported the motion, and corn-
-He had a great esteem for many of the Civilians residing in plained heavily of the management of military affairs in India.
India, but theyoften required to be treated with too much consi- Mr. W. WIGRAM opposed the production of the papers. '
titration, and were disposed to trample on those about them. As - Mr. TRA NT was also opposed to the motion.
to the regimentof which, by its mutiny, we had heard so much, Mr. WA RRE expressed his surprise that so many weeks of
it received an order to march one thousand miles upon a day's this Session had elapsed without this subject having been
notice, when the Burmese War was expected. This march was brbught under the consideration of Parliament. It was said
effected without leaving a single man behind—of this he was that the alarm felt on this question was utterly unfounded.—
_ apprised by a European before the mutiny occurred. At that Was it not time, he would ask, to feel alarm when the sepoys
period, they were supplied with all the comforts to which native were revolting, and when British regiments, which had gone
troops were accustomed. Upon the present occasion the treat- out of Calcutta 800 strong, were returning to it mere skeletons ?
meat of them was different; they were ordered to fall in and —Let the native troops but once feel their strength, and deter-
take their knapsacks on their back ; this they refused ; they mine to act upon it, and the empire of England in the East,
said they should have their " Coolies," and they would not founded as it was upon mere opinion, was at an end for ever.—
degrade themselves by carrying the cooking utensils. This (Hear, hear !)—The subject was so important to the whole
was the truth, and it was communicated to this country, not country, that he was surprised that the Government should
by the Press; which, though it did exist in India, was in a withhold any documents which were calculated to throw the
least light upon it.
state of slavery and degradation ; it was there an instrument
of tyranny and oppression. The information reached this The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER explained.—
country through the medium of private letterS, the only Chan- He had never found fault with any Member for discussing the
nel through which the truth could be known. He would general politics of India on this motion. What he complained
read a private letter on the subject of the mutiny, which he of was, that this motion was used as a peg on which to hang a
received from a lady—(Laughing.)—He would assure the . series of charges against Lord Aniherat, who was not here to
house it was not written by the wife either of a civilian or defend himself against them.
-cif a native officer. It was the production of the wife of a Mr. HUME replied. If he had brought a specific motion
brave officer at Rangoon, who may be supposed to write forward against Lord Amherst, his Hon. Friend below him
without prejudice. It was dated the 13th of October, and would have said " Give me the official documents before you
"
was one of the latest accounts received. The writer states, ask me to condemn him. Now that he called for the official
she thought Lord Amherst had at present enough on his
documents, lie was told that they could not be granted, be-
. mind to give him trouble.—(Laughing.)—This was a nervous
cause they were wanted as ground of attack against an indivi-
and critical time for India.—(Laughing.)--That the public pa-
(dual who was not present to defend himself.—(Hear, heai!)—
-erm had given an account of the mutiny, but they suressed This wwas an inconsistency which he left to be reconciled by
hat they pleased. The Artillery and two of the King'spp Regi- i wiser heads than his own. He contonded at some length that
ments were ordered against the mutineers, who were then quiet, there was such a want of confidence in Lord Amherst among
and it was hoped the determined conduct of Sir E. Paget would i the British residents in the different presidencies, and also
compel them to remain so ; but it was upprehended the spirit among the native subjects of our Indian Governments, as was
would spread widely, and break out where there were no Eu- calculated to, produce great and permanent mischief. He was
ropean troops to put it down. The mutiny was occasioned by taking the bst and the fairest course to put an end tonsit by
th his
the ridiculous system of economy now in vogue. He (Sir present motion. -No reason had been as it
F. C.) did not know if the writer intended to allude to the weighed a feather in the scale, and he therefore trusted that
honourable Member for Aberdeen.--(Laughing.)--He ra- the House would support him in his call for the documents
• ther thought he did not, as lie had never heard him (that mentioned in his resolution.
Honourable Member) give any idea of trenching upon the The House then divided, when there appeared--
comforts of the defenders of their country. His on- Corresn d For the resolution - -
i
• ent added, this system would not answer for the Government Against it -
of India, who should have known by experience the danger
of interfering with the prejudices of the natives. The Sc-
povs were men of high class, and would not submit to the
carrying of baggage. Much was said in praise of the conduct
of the Governor-General. lie (Sir C. F) would set against
these statements, the enlightened reports of all the private letters
from India. He thought the conduct of the Governor cruel;
when the mutineers threw down their arms and ran away,
- where was the necessity of pursuing them. Where was the ne-
cessity, when they threw away their uniforms and mixed for
safety with the population, of sniving them for an entire day.
• Many of the natives lost their lives in the inhuman butchery.—
Beside the mutiny at Vallore, there was another lately. A regi-
- want under the command of Sir L. Staple, refused to march ;
he repaired to them, told them they should march, that he would
compel them ; he would then examine their grievances, and, if
if was fitehe would redress them. He then reasoned with them
upon the folly of their conduct; the other native regiments also
remonstrated with them, and the men submitted. If such an
officer as this, or Sir J. Morgan, were at Barrackpare, the mu-
tiny would not have happened. From the conduct adopted to-
wards the officers of this regiment they would he justified in
saying,. if we retain our allegiance we will be disgraced, it is
beater to stand by our scpoys, and take the consequences. The
danger will be great when the army advances against the Bur-
mese, and leave the disturbed men behind. Amongst those
... degraded there were thirteen Bramins. He would not waste
the time of the House. He would merely ask was the man
who brought India into this situation the man to take the
country out of it? He would answer, certainly not. He
would, therefore, entreat the Ministers of that House, and the
Board of Directors, to recal the present Governor-General as
speedily as possible, and send out some person who deserved
the confidence of this country, and would acquire that of India.
That Lord Amherst possessed such confidence he would chal-
lenge any man to say. The Noble Lord had of course private
friends, God forbid he should not ; hut he would not take their
opinions upon the subject—he would take that of the public,
and until this night he had never heard a single voice in behalf
of Lord Amherst as a Governor. Let those who say they have
confidence in him declare it. The Hon. Member said the Bur-
..meee war was most disastrous ; and though the Company suc-
ceeded in their plan of conquest, the House should not suffer
them to retain this territory. This interference would be ne-
cessary, as the rapacity of the Company was such, that the
more they possessed the more. anxious they were to add to their
_ possessions. As an instance of our losses "in,lndia, a regiment
which went to Rangoon 800 strong, returned with but 61) effec-
tive men.- Those wuo sent Lord Amherst as Governor to India
were not his friends,—those who suffered him to remain were -
ices so ; and they could not confer a greater favour on him, For the Clause - -
or benefit on the country, than by recalling him as quickly as For the Amendment -
possible. Majority in fm
discussion P”
Colonel BAILLIE gave an explanation respecting the num-
bet of Bramins said to be amongst the degraded Officers. surned ; tin"
Sir J. SEBRIGHT felt himself bound to protest against the Si'
sentiments of the Hon. Baronet. His speech may no doubt be
entertaining and interesting—it may resemble certain memoirs
of which we have heard interspersed with ladies' letters. He
would ask the House if the character of Lord Amherst should
be aspersedhpon the authority of such a letter as had been read ?
Be did not profess either to praise or censure the Government
„of Lord Amherst. The subject was not at present before the
House, but when it was, let the conduct of the Noble Person be
, tried by official papers, and not by ladies' letters. When an in-
vestigation upon this subject was before the House, he would
not be slow in doing justice to the public uninfluenced by the
feelings of old friendship. The Hon. Member had on the faith
. of a letter, and in the name of England, declared the Noble
Lord to be without public confidence, and challenged any pri-
vate friend to deny it. He was his private friend, and he de-
nied this assertion. He protested against such conduct. He

Majority -
GAME LAWS.

-1)

On the motion of Mr. S. WoRTLEY, the House went into
a Committee on the Game Laws, Colonel Wood in the chair.

On the clause that game be the property of the owner of the
land,

Mr. LEYCESTER objected to the principle of this clause,
as being too ambitious, and as attempting to do too much ; he
thought that they should do quite enough if they rendered it
saleable. He should therefore propose to leave out that part of
the clause which rendered game the property of the owner of
the soil.

Mr. S. WORTLEY said that The could not agree to this
amendment, as it would entirely destroy the object of his Bill.
After a discussion, in which Mr. PYSIIE PA.1.31F.11, Mr.
TENNYSON. and Mr. BENNET took part,
Sir J. SEBRIG HT, in case this clause should be rejected,
strongly advised that the tamers and yeomen in the neighbour-
hood of great preserves, should mark the young folks invited
down to shoot, and inform against them. He gave this advice
as an owner of preserves—al an old spOrtsman, who had killed
much game—as a Magistrate, who had committed hundreds for
poaching.
Mr. CARUS WILSON supported the clause.
An Hose. MEMBER said that he would allow the yeoman to
shoot, but he ought not to be allowed to call in all mankind to
help him.
Sir JOHN SE 13 71IGH T said, that a man who had an orchard
ought to he allowed to eat his cherries or destroy them in his own
manner : he could not thereby endanger all the cherries in the
world.

After some farther discussion the clause was carried.
Mr. LESTER wished to know who was to be considered as
the " beneficial proprietor" in cases of lease under tenant for
life or in-tail,
Mr. S. WORTLEY said, that the property must, like the
produce of the land, be held to he in the owner of the land.
Mr. .T. MARTIN objected to the injustice of taking the pro-
perty of the game out of the lessee, and vesting it in the lessor.
He thought that the occupier had the best title, and moved an
amendment accordingly.
Mr. J. BENETT thought that the lessee under a church,
should be preferred as beneficial proprietor before the occupier.
Mr. STUART WORTLEY said, that he must persist in
assigning the interest of the " beneficial occupier," as it re-
spected the property of the game, to the owner of the land—the
only party which the House could acknowledge in this case.
As he was entitled primarily to the produce of the soil, so the
property of the same must vest in him.—The Committee
tl en
.divid ed—
For the Clause 33
For the Amendment -
Majority in favour of the Clause - —29
A discussion ensued upon other clauses ; the House re-
sumed ; the Chairman reported progress, and obtained leave to
sit again.
The other Orders of the Day were then disposed of, and the
House adjourned at HALF-PAST Two o'CLociz.

LIST OF THE MINORITY
Of 15. who voted with Mr. Hume for the production of Copies
of the Marquis of Hastings' Dispatch .from Intlia in 1819, on
Organization and Allowances of the Indian Army ; and also
of the Dispatch of the Court of Directors to India in 1823, to-
gether with a statement of the extent to which these orders
have been carried into effect :
Davies, Colonel Maxwell, J.
Evans, W.. Martin, J.
Forbes, Sir C. Palmer, C. F.
Gum ey,- H. Robertson, A.
Leycester, R. Russell, Ld J.
Monck, J. B. Tulk, C. A.

Warre, J. A.
Wharton, J.
Wood, Ald.

TELLERS.
Bright, H.
Liume,,J.
