PROVINCIAL JOURNALS.

[From the "Birmingham and Lichfield Chronicle," Aug. 30.]
While the Radical faction is labouring so assiduously, to keep
the attention of the public fixed on the disgraceful events of the
14th inst. loyal men may perhaps be allowed to congratulate
one another, on the opportunity thus afforded to these desper-
adoes of shewing themselves in their true colours. The two
inquests which have been sitting on the bodies of the unfortu-
nate men who lost their lives in the riotous assault committed
upon the King's troops, have been conducted throughout in a
manner Which will not, be lust upon the country. All who
know how to appreciate the valuable qualities of firmness and
legal knowledge in the presiding officer of such an inquest, and
have duly considered how indispensible in the character of an
upright Juryman are coolness, temperance, and strict imparti-
ality, will doubtless form a very correct opinion of the conduct
of those officially employed on these occasions ; and will know
exactly what degree of influence the verdicts recorded on the
several cases ought to have in directing their j udgment. Although,
therefore, the manner in which some of the Jurymen are stated to
have interfered with the examination of the witnesses, and the
strong bias which they have expressed on the subject, on which
they were sworn to return a verdict according to the evidence, has
rather been at variance with the notions whieli weliad been taught
to form of their duty ; and the easy coMpliance of the sCoroner
with all Mr. Sheriff Waithman's demands of right to advise the
Jury, and dictate to himself, does not seem altogether calculated
to maintain the dignity, or exemplify the usefulness of his of-
fice; still we apprehend no very serious mischief will arise from
his forbearance or their impetuosity. The public will judge for
themselves. • Those who unhappily were spectators of the con-
test between the opponents and the defenders of lawful autho-
rity, will find no difficulty in determining where to affix the
guilt of the injuries that were inflicted, and the blood that was
shed ; and those who must derive all their knowledge through
the medium of the press, will look rather at the evidence than
to the verdict ; and will determine for themselves, how far the
conduct of the Life Guards under the provocations and ill treat-
ment of that fatal day, entitles them to bear the stigma with
which that verdict was intended to brand them.—We shall not
judge these brave men so harshly, as to suppose that their con-
stancy will be at all shaken, or their devotion to their duty
lessened, by the result of an investigation thus conducted. It
will be their comfort to feel assured that their countrymen at
large do not suffer their opinions to be influenced by the ma-
meuvres and misrepresentations of a party ; that they are not
blinded by the paltry ambition of directing the passions, or mo-
nopolizing the applause of the mob ; that they prefer lawful au-
thority to popular licentiousness; and will not allow those who
in the hour of peril are called forth to support the laws, to be-
come the victims of that power, which, at the hazard of their lives,
they have prevented from accomplishing its traiterous designs.
The investigation will not, however, nay cannot, end here.
The King's authority has been openly. set at nought, his will dis-
regarded, his intentions frustrated. His guards, called out by
the Magistr .:es to support them in the exercise of their duty,
and to maintain the supremacy of law and order over brutal
force and tumult, have not only been made the objects of un-
tnerited abuse and insult, but of the most cowardly and atroci-
ous violence ; and when at last, after suffering personal injury
with unparalleled forbearance, they were obliged to use their
weapons in defence of their own lives, they have been branded
as murderers by the verdict of a Jury, upon the evidence, as
it may be presumed, and will perhaps eventually be proved, of
the very persons who were deeply implicated in the riotous, if
not treasonable proceedings, which they were called upon to
resist. We cannot believe that no steps will be taken to vindi-
cate the authority of Government, which has been thus in-
sulted ; to redeem the character of its lawful instruments, thus
vilified ; to punish the traiterous contrivers, and audacious per-
petratprs of an act; which' has disgraced the character of the
country, and brought the efficiency of our laws, and the power
of their administratorsl into most perilous question. Fortu-
nately for the cause of justice, the eager haste of the radical
faction to bring forward evidence which might establish their
short-lived and precarious triumph upon the verdict of a Coro-
ner's Jury, has induced some to offer hhemselves for examina-
tion, whom a prudent regard for their personal safety might
otherwise have taught to shelter themselves in the obscurity of
their usual haunts, from the legal responsibility attached to
their share in the riots of the day. The hardihood of the party,
elated by their momentary victory, has afforded the Govern-
ment a clue, by the aid of which they may perhaps be ena-
bled to trace the dangerous conspiracy, through all its
ramifications, up to its very source. We trust therefore
that it will soon appear who were the ringleaders of the
mob, and who their military directors • that it will soon
be ascertained, whether the authority, of Government may
be defied, and . its commands resisted in open day, by a
riotous mob, with, impunity; whether a self-elected Committee
may oppose and counteract the Police of the Metropolis, and
the Ministers of the Crown, in the discharge of their duty ; and
whether the Sheriff of Middlesex, the chief conservator of the
peace, of the county, subjects himself to no penal consequences,
by tamely sitting by and conniving at a riot which he was of-
ficially bound to quell ; and then exerting himself extra-offi-
cially to attach the blame of that riot, and the guilt of the blood
which was spilt in it, upon those brave troops, who, if they
were legally employed, he ought to have directed at the time,
and defended afterwards : and if they were not legally employ-
ed, he might, and ought to have prevented from performing
those deeds, for which he now stands .forward to accuse them.
Mr. Waldman may he a skilful retailer of haberdashery in
Fleer-street, or of balderdash oratory in Guildhall : but lie is
professedly ignorant of law ; and he will be fortunate, if his
Majesty's law officers do not yet teach him, to his cost, what the
duties of a Sheriff are, and ' what are the consequences of ne-
glecting the discharge of them.

There is a description in TAciTus, so singu-
larly applicable to the abdication of NAPOLEON,
that we cannot forbear quoting it for the gratifi-
cation of our classical readers. It is the seces-
sion
.of VrrELLlus, a character that indeed bore
no resemblance to the great modern soldier, ex-
cept in his misfortunes, so touchingly described
in the following extract, by the masterly pen of
TACITUS

Nec quisquam adeo rernm humanarurn immemor, quem non
commov,eret ills facies. Romanum Principen; et generis hu-
mani paullo ante dominum, relied fortanm sum sede, per popu-
lum, per uTbetn,, exire de imperio. Fihil tale viderant, nihil
audiverant : repentma vis dictatorem Cesarem oppresserat ;
occultie Caium insidice; nos et ignotum rus, fugam Neronis
abscenderant : Piso et Galba tamquam in acie cceide*:. in sua
condone Vitellius, inter suos milites, prospectantibus edam fe.
minis, pauca et prmsenti mmstitim congruentia locutus " Cedere
se paces et reipublicm cane.. ; retincrent tantum memorium sui,
fratremque, et conjugdm, et mnoxiam liberorum mtatem
miserarentur." Simul filium protendens, modo singulis, modo
uniVersis commendans, piostrento fletu prmpediente, adsistenti
Consuli exsolntum a latere pugionem, velut jus necis vitmque
civium, reddebat, tum consilii Mops in palatium rediit.

We understand that a respectable body of
landed proprietors, as a means of assisting their
tenants, have agreed by subscription to support
an establishment of light caravans, principally to
supply the. London markets with fresh butter,
&c. from the dairy farms situated near the roads
leading from Exeter and Taunton to London.,
The plan is arranged to convey such goads into
market as quickly as those from Buckingham
and Cambridgeshire ; which from their freshness
command .a superior price to those sent salted
from Devon, Dorset, and Somerset, where the
value is greatly reduced by the competition with.
Dutch and other salt butter. The establishment,
it is _evident, must materially benefit the dairy
farms, now sadly distressed, and become gene-
rally useful to trade by a quicker and cheap
transfer of goods.—(Bath Herald.)

FOREIGN LITERATURE.

(No. XXXVII.)

A REVIEW of the different WORKS on WALACHIA
and MOLDAVIA, by M: MALT E-BnuN.
The recent events in Walachia and Molda,
via, connected as they are with. the .insurrection
of the Greeks in the Norm and the Archipe=
lago, having rendered those two principalities
objects of more than usual attention, the subject
of the present article cannot fail, we think, to be
generally interesting.
" I have no opinion," says a celebrated Roman
writer, " of those persons who are satisfied with
reading only one book on each particular sub-
ject." This maxim is peculiarly applicable to
matters of history and geography ; for we can
scarcely hope, even after au attentive perusal
and comparison of the works of twenty or thirty
authors, to be able to form a tolerably correct
idea of the state of Foreign Countries. It might
fairly be imagined there could be only one opi-
nion respecting mountains and rivers, but, on the
contrary, even they give birth to numerous scien-
tific discussions. The eternal subject of dispute,
however, among travellers relates to the laws,
institutions, manners, dress, and -edifices of a
country, and to every thing which appertains to
the civil and social state ; each sees these objects
through the medium of his own tastes and habits';
then come the complaints of the inhabitants; who
accuse travellers of want of discernment, of having
made their observations whilst they were tra-
velling post through the country, or when under
the influence of passion and malice ; but the in-
habitants are in their turn accused of narrow
minds, prejudices, and partialities. Between
these adverse parties, the geographer is in the
situation of a judge, who is certain of displeasing
both litigants, let him decide ever so conscien-
tiously.

This is not however the case with Walachia
and Moldavia, either because in describing these
countries every observer has been struck by the
same evident and predominant traits, or because
the natives are not yet in the practice of writing
on their country, and of calling in question the
almost unanimous opinions of foreigners.
We have, notwithstanding, a political and civil
history of Moldavia from the pen of a native, and
by an Ex-Hospodar too, the Prince Kantemir.—
He wrote it when absent from his country, and
after he had seen other European States ; it is not
deficient of spirit and instruction ; but proscrib-
ed by the Turks, and abandoned by the Mot-
davians, the author possesses not the impartiality
of an historian. He deplores the levity, turbu-
lence, and ignorance of his countrymen; but
he is himself tolerably credulous, and relates,
among other things, the followinc, story respecting
the origin of the river Totrusch A rock is
formed by nature in the shape of a young
shepherdess, in the attitude necessary to perform
a natural operation ; the river has its source at her
feet, and twenty sheep, also of stone, seem to be
grazing near her." Modern travellers have in
vain sought after these wonders, which appear to
be only a flight of imagination, not the most deli-
cate, of the Moldavian peasantry. The antient
Greeks rhodomontaded with more spirit,and their
Naiads had better manners, at least, in the fine
writings of antiquity. Perhaps, however, the
Greek shepherds might have had some tales of
an equally rustic taste. The Swiss, it is well
known, have given one of their grandest cas-
cades a name still more ignoble than the Molda-
vian tradition.

The Russian •General.Bawr, -who first took a
survey and drew a map of Moldavia, has given a
picture of this country which is probably, very
correct for the-times. when it appeared. He ad-
mires the picturesque..positions of the hills and
forests where he bivouaqued so frequently.
The wars of Catherine 11. attracted the at-
tention of the other European powers to these
provinces.. Carra, of revolutionary celebrity,
published in 1778 a. History of Walachia and
Moldavia, the materials of.which he collected in
the country ; but he did not take the trouble to
travel over thesQprovinces, or to learn their lan-
guage ; and, imitating feebly the Abbe Rayiial,
he filled up the blanks of his narrative with high
sounding declainations, which in the eyes of a
judicious reader always detract from the credit
of an historic writer. Carra however exaggerates
less. than would be imagined. For instance, it
is but too' true that•the llospodars have gene-
rally their plate packed up, their trunks ready,
and their carriages harnessed to carry them away
as soon as they hear of the arrival of a cvidgi-
bacha sent by.the Sultan to seize on their treasures
and• persons. But this precaution has proved
hitherto of little avail, for-we have only one in-
stance on record of its success, in the case 'of
Prince John Karadja who,.in.lBlB, ,was enabled
to carry off the fruits of his administration. The
Turks make .use. of several singular finesses to,
take the Hospodars when they. consider them
wealthy enough. .Prince Bessaraba,, for instance,
thought himself out of danger, because the Porte
for several years, dissembled with him, and pre-
tended ignorance of his intrigues and connections
with foreign courts ; when a young Turk unex-
pectedly arrived at Bucharest with a brilliant
retinue, as if he were on a tour of pleasnre. The
Prince, received him surrounded by his Court
the traveller drew :out of his bosom a small black
handkerchief, and placed it on. the shoulder of the
Hospodar ; at this fatal. signal of the o.ispleasure
of. the Sultan, the courtiers,•-guards,' and people;
all ran away and concealed themselves, and the
Prince was led a: prisoner to Constantinople,
where death awaited him. -

Nearly about the same .time. that Carra was in
aiese Principalities, the Austrians manifested

much curiosity to obtain an accurate knowledge
of Walachia; one third of which was in their pos-
session; and of Moldavia, a very considerable
portion of which, called the Bukowina, they had
jtist conquered in the midst of peace: The
-naturalist Hacquet did not confine his researches
to an examination of the Mountains of antient
Dacia, but he made also some interesting obser-
vations on the state of the inhabitants. Captain
Sulzer gave more'correct maps, and put together,
in three badly written volumes, a number of
valuable remarks on the topography and the
agriculture of the country, as also on the con-
dition of the inhabitants. I have never
read the travels of Mikoczy, a Pole, and I
have not before me the narrative of Boscowick,
which contains, however, only rapid and short
sketches.

In 1789, the Prince de Ligne drew a very
lively picture of the court of Moldavia under
Prince Maurocordato. This Hospodar had ex-
cited the dis Pleasure of the Porte : " I marched
" to his assistance," says the Austrian Field
-Marshal, " with twelve battalions and twelve
" squadrons, and was received with fire works,
" balls, and fetes. The Prince's seraglio is
" charming ; he admits his friends there, and at
4C his court none but happy faces are to be seen."
A graver authority, the Austrian Consul at
Jassy, Mr. Wolf, published in ISOS some obser-
vations on Moldavia. They are very important
as respects its political and financial state. Mr.
Wolf reckons the population of this province at
420,000 souls, according to the registers of 1794,
but it appears his calculations are rather below
the real numbers. He values the taxes at
2,430,800 Turkish piastres,abou t 63,2701. sterling.
It is therefore clear that Carra underrated in an
absurd manner the revenues of this principality.
The office of Hospodar is sold for several mil-
lions; and the purchasers of this dignity procure
'the funds necessary for this purpose not only
from Greek capitalists, but also from Turkish
usurers, who, it is easy to conceive, are reim-
bursed
at an extravagant rate of interest. The
Porte, on its part, aware that the Hospodars de-
posit their capitals in foreign banks, knows better
than to. cut off .their heads on their return but
very politely asks them to lend the poor Sultan
a trifle of a few millions. How can Moldavia
afford to maintain so many blood-suckers ? Agri-
culture is sadly neglected ; the simplest opera-
tions, such as draining a marsh, or embanking
a river, are never attempted by the idle
Moldavians : " We found it so," said they to Mr.
Wolf, " and we shall leave it in the same
state."—The exportation of wines to Russia
• amounts to 1;900,000 umer, an Austrian mea-
sure, equal to nearly six pints. There are some
white wines which are thought to resemble
Champagne, probably made with grapes which
have not ripened in the short but burning sum-
mers Of this province. We know that the Rus-
sians give also the name of Champagne to a small
white sh4p wine which is brought from the
country Of the Cossacks ; but they are better
connoisseurs to drink it, at all events when they
can get the genuine Champagne. We think that
in Walachia, in situations sheltered from the east
winds, they would succeed better in planting
good vineyards.
A well-informed and unprejudiced English
merchant, Mr. Thornton, who resided at Con-
stantinople fifteen years, and who travelled
through Moldavia and Walachia, has devoted to
these two principalities a considerable portion of
his " Present State of Turkey." He confirms
the statements of his predecessors, and relates
several instances of the tyranny under which the
Aloldavians and Walachians groaned, of which
he was an eye-witness : in other respects he
paints the national character in the most favour-
able light, though he passed through the country
without knowing a word of their language. Mr.
Thornton dwells on the high political importance
of these provinces, the natural outlet of Hungary
and Gallicia.

A very young man, M. F. RecordOn, has just
published some Letioipn Walachia, .in which
country .he resided. froin 1815 to 1821. The timi-
dity with whieli. he Makes his appearance before
the public, the modesty of his sentiments, his
benevolent and Moderate tone, prepossess you in
his favour ; but he is 'Nvell aware he has pot
studied sufficiently historical and political sub-
jects to be qualified to go very deep into them.
We have followed hirn With delight in his descrip-
tions of the appearance of the country, of the
state of domestic society,of the mode of furnishing
their houses, andof the dinner parties of the Boyars.
These Walachian Nobles entertain very splen7
didly and in the Ettropean style but they therri
selveS eat Scarcely any thing else than some
yaburf and cainia,- preparations of milk and
cream, by which, according to report; the Turkish
cookery has obtained a certain degree of favour
among the epicures of civilized Europe.
111..Recordtin gives also ari interesting account
of the Inatiners'and 'occupations of that vagabOnd
people, knOWP by the name of Gipsies in Efig-
land.;, Bobendaritin. France, •and Zivienes or
71:higlines in Germany; Hungary, and Poland.
What a vast field for'speculation and inquiry has'
been and is still afforded by this race of unknown
origin, dispersed in so -many countries of &trope,'
and existing every Where in a most abject and
savage state, and the Most opposed to every at--
terript at civililatiOn.! The Indian origin
.of the
Tthiganes- is almOSt demonstrated by theirdia--
led; a manuscript g,draininar of this dialect,quoted
by the learned philologiSt Vater in his addition
to' the Mithiidates of lldelutig, proves that it is a
regular language; these tiornades must there-
fore .-have- existed. 'Soniewherei and •at- sonic
epoch, as a nation, but where, and when ?

This is one of the most difficult problems of his-
torical erudition. I always feel myself inclined.
.
to agree in the opinion of those, who consider, the
Sigynnesi placed in the environs of Dacia by
Ilerodotus, as. the parent stock of the Tchiganes
or. Ziguenes. They were an Asiatic people dis-
tinct from the Geta. A
.political revolution.
May have. brought them to their present isolated.
state ; another. revolution may have dispersed the
nation Which reigned over them, and havein-
duced them to disseminate themselve3 over
Europe. It is rather remarkable that WalaChia
and Moldavia are the two countries where this
race exists in greatest numbers. M. Recordori
found the houses of the Boyars filled with them
and the Baron Campenbausen (in his Obser-
vations on Russia) affirms that the TChiganes
in Moldavia are regularly organized after
the Indian manner, in four castes, the loviest
of whom are treated like Parias by these
miserable people, who are themselves the Parias
of Europe.
A more profound work than that of M. Re-
cordon, the "Account of Walachia and Moldavia,"
by Mr. 'Wilkinson, formerly the English Consul-
eneral at Bucharest, has recently been published.
A French translation of it has already appeared,
in which we have observed some important addi-
tions under the political head.
An analysis of some chapters of this work may
perhaps be interesting at the present moment,
when all the great Statesmen and celebrated
CiVilians on the Continent are occupied in the
division of Turkey, before it is conquered. We
shall therefore reserve the consideration of it to
a separate article.
[To be continued.l

FRAGMENT OF A LETTER WRITTEN FROM
CORSICA.

The tevolt of the Greeks, or, to speak with more justice, the
war they have lately declared against the invaders of their coun-
try, the persecutors of their religion, and oppressors of their
persons, this righteous war re-animates the interest all civi-
lised nations naturally feel for those Greeks, every way our
models. The legislator, the warrior, the man of learning, the
artist, obtain no real success without having long meditated the
masterpieces of a people who came to teach the Romans.
so proud of having been their conquerors. Even our philosa-
, pliers, when they do not aspire to perfection, only preach the
moral of the ancients ; fur all human wisdorti is inclosed in the
life of Socrates, and in the books of Plato. Some gratitudk is
blended with our veneration, and softens our hearts, that so
much glory might still not have warmed ; it in a manner unites
us to these descendants of our masters ; and a sentiment we
might almost call national, because it has something intimate
and involuntary in its nature, heightens our emotion, when we
' read proclamations dated from those' celebrated spots, whose
names alone fill our memory and exalt our imagination. When
misfortune afterwards comes to impress its painful seal on all
that ever was fine, grand or noble, can wt: be astonished if our
admiration becomes enthusiasm ? Nothing is wanting in the
Greeks; victories, adversity; proscriptions, perseverance. This
latter virtue now rises against their tyrants, like a magnificent
apparition, sent by a supernatural power, as a token of stieeess.
Should the Greeks not shake off their chains at present, whet
signifies, if they preserve their wish for liberty ? What. arc
centuries, when faced by an unalterable determination ? Thus
divine justice is patient, because it is eternal :a-Thus Isabella
expels the Moors, after an usurpation of 782 years :—Thus
slavery is but temporary, if man does not submit to it. The
fate of the Greeks is-certain. - They might perhaps be antiih.f-
lated. They will never be reduced. They wait. Time elapses;
generations succeed each other; but these people do not change
—they still are Greeks and Christians, which suffices to con-
quer the soldiers of a Sultan and Maltoinetanisrn. •
Never did the Greeks-forget the spier dour of their ancestors.
When the woeful days of the Low Empire succeeded the he-
roical times of Aliltuules, Themistoeles, LeOnidas, and Philc-
panien, virtues worthy of those heroes, and which testified that
they ever preserved the remembrance of their origin, were still
to be found among the Greeks. It was amidst the mount:lir s
named
.Taigetes,- that Nicephorus took refuge, when, in lan,
31ahomet the Second, caused his father, David Commtne, who
was the last Emperor of the Greeks, to be massacred. The de-
scendants of the Spartans granted an asylum to this offsprir,; of
twenty Sovereigns. They did more; they gave him the title
of Proto-geros, which was perpetuated to his sons, whose coo-
rage never slackened in the constant struggle that existed be-
tween the children of Lacedemon, now called Mainotes, and
the Turks. But in 1676, whilst Constantine, Stephanopoli,
Commtne, shed his blood at the head of .the Mainotes, and de-
fended their mountains against a new attack made by the Turks,
some deserters from the Porte succeeded in rendering his power
suspected. Stephanopoli was obliged to abandon this country,
Greece, dearer to him than ever on account of -the oppression
under which it laboured. • Followed, as had -b&en his ancestor
Nicephorns, by all the Greeks who had fled from Trcbizord,
he did rot try to escape from the Turks; he fought them.
With 3000 men and six ships, he rushed on the Ottoman fleet;
crossed through it, -and came to Genoa, but after having lost
half his companions. The Senate of Genoa gave lands to these
fugitives in .Corsica, and the new Colony ever acknowledged as
its Chiefs the Comntnes.

By .one of those effects of chance, of which history offers' bit
too many.examples, the same Greeks, so devoted to liberty,
thoUght themselves,. obliged to become the'inatrunielita of la'
despotic power. They contracted an alliance with the Genoese,
who were forced to recur to arms in order to maintain there
ever-contested authority. in-Corsica; and the islanders, fot,the
first time, met with enemies 'Worthy of being faCed. by them,
under the Ligurian :standard.: One gift made thein•br the,
Greeks, must have compensated, in the eyes of the Corsicans,
the crime of having joined their tyrants ; one of the colony, in-
troduced inoculation-in. Corsica long before it was praciiied in
the other parts of-Europe, •
When.the island of Corsica was united,to.France, ;the- COfint
de Marbeuf,' who was named Govelnot bf tobk. particular
care of the 'o4tablislinients, forited,•by,the Grecian colony, nced
near Ajaccio. Demetrius Comnene, great grandson to con-
stantine. Steplianopoli, who had led. :the,. ettas
had his titles verified by Mr. Cherin, Genealogist to Louis XVI.; •
and this Monarch, after having ieknowledgid'.therri, -hreTT)e:.'
metriuo Com One presented to him, as beingthe descendant,
in a direct line, from the last Grecian EinlVeror. ' A regiment
of cavalry, was solicited and obtained. in 1779, IVA& son of so
many Emperors, who in Fiance went by the name of Count de
Comne'ne, : „ • • . •
This family still exists in Corsica and is still honoured there,
not only by the islanders of ,a Grecian origin; but,filittfiselY the'
natives, who -are .hospitable people, and whose ardent and
gigantic imagination is greedy of 'what even surpasses theconi2:-
mon events of history. • • , • ' "
I haVe just assisted at the marriage of Angela Felice "Coin-
nene with Mr. Pierre de Bradi, whose. ancestors are. counted
among the founders of Sartene, the principal town of the Pro-
vince,della• ROcea. • . , t 3
The beauty of the bride, her wit and grace, accompanied with
ditTitityviould have made me aeknowledge her both a Grecian- •
and a Princess, even. had .not the. Court of, France decided the.
question before me. •
I thought that. at a moment: when all eyes 4reE flx,9d on Grrece,
these particulars would interest you, and that you would not be
sorry to add to the sublime ideas of religion:and liberty, saint-
remembrance less grand, but still engaging, of a family illus-
trated.by sovereign povier,. antiiittity, misfortune, and courage,
which seems to be transmitted to it ,with the noble, pride of
Grecian-blood., and those virtues we most wish for in persons
of the highest rank.

FOREIGN IN TELLIGF,NCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.

PARIS, AUG. 30, (TwunsnAy).--The day be-
fore yesterday M. Pozzo di Borgo gave a grand
dinner, at which was present his Grace the Duke
of Wellington. his Grace, it is said, soon leaves
Paris.

It is said in a letter from Strasburg, that within
these few days Count Gustafsohn, the ex-King
of Sweden, had passed through that city. lle
had no suite, not even a servant. The Queen of
Wurtemberg has been delivered of a Princess.

FRENCH FUNDS.

Aug. 29, Five per Cents
Bank Stock

875 50 c.
1545 f. c.

STATE OF RELATIONS WITH TURKEY.

COILF u, JULY 22.—Our Government has not confined itself
to the Proclamation against the Chiefs of armed lonian corps
who make war on the Turks by land in the Morea. Another
Proclamation has been published, declaring all vessels under
the British and lonian flag which take an active part in the
war agaiilst the Ottoman Porte, with which Power his Majesty
of Great Britain and the lonian Government are at peace,
pirates, and ordering them to be treated as such. As it has
come to the knowledge of Government, that a vessel from Cefa-
lonia commanded by Dionysius Focca, and another from Zante,
commanded by Giannaschiessi, have violated the laws in this
respect, the Lord High Commissioner, in concert with the Pre-
sident of the lonian Senate, orders, that wherever these vessels
may be found, they shall be seized, and their Captains and crews
given up to justice, to be condemned as pirates.
These two proclamations have been a thunder blow to the

lonians, who acre all disposed to fly to the assistance of the
Greeks, and particularly to those of the Morea, with whom they
are connected by ties of blood and daily commerce.
The day before yesterday, the Lord High Commissioner set
out unexpectedly for Zante and Cefalonia.

VIENNA, AUG. 19.—The intelligence of the embarkation of
Baron Strogonoff has not yet destroyed all hope of peace. The
Porte has not rejected the Ultimatum of Russia. It appears
that, interested in receiving, before coming to a decision, com-
munications which it expected from some of the allies, the Go-
vernment of the Porte pretended that the day of delivering the
Ultimatum was not included in the eight days allowed for an
answer. Baron Strogonoff on his side kept strictly to the letter
of his instructions, and demanded his passports.
FRANKFORT, Auo. 25 —Private letters which have been
received express from Vienna, announce that the Porte, in place
of confirming, as :as generally expected, by its answer pro-
mised two days before, the consent which it had verbally given
to all the conditions proposed by Russia, replied in evasive
terms ; and that Baron Strogonoff; not thinking himself autho-
rized to receive such an answer, embarked on the 28th of July--
Though, according to the principles adopted in the law of na-
tions, this manner of terminating diplomatic relations is equi-
valent to a declaration of war, the Porte is not willing to put
this construction upon it, but has declared that it will send its
answer directly to Petersburgh. The Government likewise
gave an order to allow the Russian Ambassador to pass without
obstacle or custom-house examination, but refused him pass-
ports.

The last letters received from Constantinople are of the 30th,
and mention that the vessel in which the Ambassador had em.
barked had not weighed anchor, and that the winds were con-
trary. This intelligence had an unfavourable effect on the
Austrian funds.

• The correspondence between the Cabinets of Vienna and
London is very animated, and the results will soon be disclosed.
In waiting for this disclosure the world is lost in conjectures,
and the public can expect nothing but uncertain reports or sup-
positions formed according to the spirit of party. The silence
with which a certain journal is reproached, ought rather to be
imitated by otheT papers which are fonder of collecting any re-
ports in circulation than waiting events, and announcing them
with truth and impartiality. A hope is still entertained of see-
ing the affairs of Turkey discussed, and perhaps arranged at
eze Congress of Presburg. The Ministers of the five Powers,
it is said, will assemble in the latter city, and the Porte will be
invited to send thither a Plenipotententiary.

We are assured that the declaration of the Court of Russia has
been communicated to the Austrian cabinet, and that it is such
as we had a right to expect from the magnanimity of the Emperor
Alexander. In this declaration his Imperial Majesty limits
himself to a demand of the strict observance of the treaties of
1774, 1792, and 1812. No hostile sentiments are expressed,
but he insists on settling the lot of the Greeks, and putting an
end to the persecutions of which they have been the object. It
is known that Russia did not recognize the insurrection of the
Greeks, whose conduct she disavowed, and that consequently
she has no desire to restrain the Porte from punishing trans-
gressions of its laws. In general, Russia shows no desire to
interfere in the affairs of the Porte, except where authorised by
existing treaties.

PARIS, AUG. 31 (Friday).—Yesterday even-
iiig the Minister of 'War gave a grand diplomatic
dinner to the Duke of Wellington, Count Pozzo
di Borgo, the French Ministers and Foreign
Ambassadors.

Yesterday two Cabinet Couriers arrived with
despatches for the Duke of Wellington.

FRENCH FUNDS.
Aug. 30, Five per Cents.
Bank Stock 1342 f. 50 c.

VIENNA, AUG. '2 1 . —(Extract of a private
Letter.)—" We have received letters which fully
confirm the important victory gained by the
Greek fleet in the waters of Tenedos."

Lord Walpole had yesterday a long cohfer-
ence with the Prince de Metternich, at the close
of which an extraordinary Courier was dispatch-
ed by his Lordship to the British Government.
Our Cabinet, at the same time, sent a Messenger
with despatches to the Baron de Lebzeltern, our
Minister at the Court of Russia.

It is reported that sealed orders have been
transmitted to the Generals commanding the
Austrian troops on the frontiers of the Ottoman
territory, which are not to be opened before a
certain fixed day.

We know to a certainty that Baron de Stro-
gonoff had not left Constantinople on the 31st of

July, owing to contrary vcißds. Some commer-
cial letters pretend that it is a political wind
which prevents his departure.
FRANKFORT, Aua. 2G.—Great movements
have been observed among the troops garrisoning
the fortresses of Hungary.
We learn from Warsaw, that fresh arrests
have taken place in that capital. Among these
persons are several Students known to be hostile
to the present Government.

A new plan for reviving the Order of Malta,
supposed to have been conceived by the Baron
de Gagern, a. celebrated diplomatist, has met
with a favourable reception in several European
Courts.

ODESSA, Aug. 7.—Contrary winds have for
several days prevented the arrival of ships from
Constantinople. The last news from that capi-
tal are dated the 28th ult. The march of troops
towards the Pruth, which has been continually
going on since the departure of Count de Witt-
genstein, seems to presage war.

FROM THE BANKS OF THE DANG-LIE, AUG. 16.
A Greek commercial house established at Vienna
has received the following news from the Mo-
rea :—The Turks are entirely driven out of Pa-
tras, and dare no longer approach it. Andrew
Drocosa commands the Greeks in this quarter,
and is distinguished by uncommon talent and
courage. On the 18th of July the Mainotes
entirely defeated a Turkish corps, consisting of
some hundreds of men, who had taken up an en-
trenched position on Mount Poliglitz, formerly
called Mount Stymphale : the Greeks carried the
entrenchments, and obtained possession of a larger
supply of powder and of two pieces of cannon.

In the Isle of Candia the Greeks gain daily
fresh advantages. The inhabitants of Kolni have
expelled the Turkish garrison of 50 men, which

occupied that position. The Greek fleet has
landed some troops on the Isle of Lemnos. The
fortresses of Mirsina, Alandro, and Paleocastro,
have surrendered. The fortress of Stalimene in
the centre of the island still held out on the 10th
of July, though twelve vigorous assaults had been
made against it.

FROM THE BANKS OF THE ELBE, AUG. 19.-

It is said that a manifesto o
the Greeks will shortly appear, which will ex.
cite a strong and lively interest
—(Nuremberg Gazette.)
