ciples, and a firm attachment to the British Cot:-
stitution, can entitle us to prote&ion and favour.
We have never been ensnared by Revolutionary
Doftrines and tempting Theories, but have uni-
formly adhered to that system which was- esta-
blished by the wisdom and virtue of our abets. '
-tors; and while we resolutely uphold the Preroga.
- -free of the Crown, and cordially manifest out
reverence and affeaion for our venerable Monarch,
welhall never cease to support the just rights or
the, People. But we shall not take up the attend
lion of our Readers with professions. We may cm-
fidently refer to the past, and trust 'that it will be
received as a satisfaaory pledge of our political
reaitude by/the Public in general'; our Readers
in particular may be assured that we shall .nevet
slacken in our zeal to render Tan Star the chan-
nel of true Constitutional Principles, and that we
shall always be anxious to present to them the
earliest and most authentic information. Nor;
while we are attentive to the great events which
involve the fate of Nations, and particularly relate
to the essential interests of this Country, shall we
be regardless of what concerns its domestic wekh4
fare and honour.

MM LS.
Attravirp-2 Dublin, r Waterford. Du L 3 GOttelbtagh,
Lisbon, r Watprfard.

T SUN.

•vt-

• ' fOLEM QUIS nicz4z A..un!k4T!

LONDON,

' MONDAY, JANyARY j, 1810.

We yesterday received ET:evci Papers to the 24th
ult. from which we have made several 'extrads..-.!
It is evident that BLIONAMITE is hastening forwar4
with rapid strides, to the objea which he basso long
had in view, viz. that of assuming the title of "Ern-
peror of th 9 West." An article from gatisboN
which haS all the marks of being an official one, dis.
ticaly avows tho intention. 'While the Continent '
is in the present abject state of slavery to BUONA,
PARTS, it matters little what title he may assume. It
May gratify, his vanity, but cannot augment his
power. These papers give us no information res-
pecting the successor to q2SEPiptili j the general
opinion however, seems to be the Trincess
Saxony.

It was with the deepest concern that we read thcl
account of the surrender of Gerona. Surrounded
by a great snperiority of force, deprived of all hopes of
relief, their out-worltsearried, and their provisions'
exhausted, the vliant gar.-ison, .after trying the Or,
for; of a vigorous sortie, were compelled to, surreal
der prisoners of war. Whatever (nay be the ulti,.!
mate fate of Spain, the heroic condud of the de-
fenders of Saragossa and Pelona. will refith ho-
nour upon the whole nation, and will live for ever is
the page of history. The French acknowledge that,
with th,eir usual cruelty, they murdered all the Spa*
niards that they kund in suburbs.,
The Antwerp Paper contains a Letter from tbe,_.
IT,trOor Peneral of the Customs, forbidding the,i4nt
por,tation of all articles carrying clirOtly o iodire4ly
from .\ rogricp, withoot the express permissim of
EVONAPARTB. The anse Towns, atre,to be called
tree Imperial Un4adt Cities, under the prote&ion of
France; they, are to faraish their contingent for the
Army, and' are to be plundered as often as occasi9
ma require. •

We, preEten.t t. 9 our Readers this day a. part of
Correspondence between Mr. JAcKsoti and Mr:
Smyra, relative to our differences with the Am.ericaa
Government, but shall torbear all comments till wq
have submitted the whole to the Public.

A silly rumour has found. its way into the Public
Prints, stating, that such serious disputes have arisen
between the INPrcluis IV:ELLEst.EV and Mr. PEAICE.,
V,AL, as could only be settled by an appeal to arms.

The Princess AmeLta. is, we are sorry to State, so, -I
ill, that hit faint hopes are now entertained of her
goyal Highness's recovery.
It is said that the troops now embarking at Ports-
mouth, which were intended for Portugal, are 'to

proceed. to Halifax. Another embarkation, for
the same destination, is immediately to take place at
Cork.

A communication, dated Petersburgh, Nov. 11;
Iv* on Saturday received from. an unknown 'cor-
respondent, which, if. true, affords .a fresh instance
of the overbearing insolence of French Ambassa-
dors but some doubts are entertained of 'its au-
thenticity.. states, - that the French Ambassa- ,
dor, CAULIN COURT, has informed the Russian Mi.
.nister, in a note, that -he was informed a quan- "
'city of English property-Iliad been -:surfered to re-
main in different wrilielroirses at Bucharest, -in
Wallachia—and he reijiieSts the Russian Ministe
to give immediate orders for the seizure of the
same, and putting the "English pa iierS under seal,
He says he will make the Russian 'Minister re-
sponsible for the seizure 'of those docurrients. In
two days a:ter this comunication, the Russian Go- "
vernment sent dispatches to the liad-quarters ,of
the Russian army in Wallachia, and secret instrua,-
tions 'to the Diplomatic agent in' Servia.
