THE CHARTISTS.

During the past week the authorities have published
some strong resolutions on the subject of Chartism ; they
have considerably augmented the police force of the
town, and invited the respectable and well-disposed por-
tion of the inhabitants to be sw ern as special constables :
they have also given fair notice to those " sturdy beggars"
who have been seen infesting the streets with a box, and
who, by intimidation or threats, have endeavoured
to induce the people to subscribe towards their funds,
that if they are found pursuing their vocation they will be
dealt with according to law. They have expressed their
deteimination to disperse all illegal meetings which may
he attee.pted to be held in the borough, and by prompt and
effective measures to secure the peace of the town. These
resolutions have produced a variety of opinions, some
thinking them unnecessary, and others deeming them
highly expedient. We know the majority of the working
men in this town are averse to these things (acts of vio.
lence, &c.), that they have higher and nobler pursuits—
that they look with indifference at the labours of a few
upstarts to hew them down to the level of their own in-
tellectual status—and are determined to persevere in a
course of honest and praiseworthy industry. The self.
constituted leaders of the people, anxious for distinction,
have tried a new mode of political agitation, and issued the
following placard on Friday :--
"ASSIZE SUNDAY. —Out of respect to the Judge of As-
size, the Chartists will attend Divine Service, at St. Ni-
cholas' church, on Sunday forenoon, at ten o'clock. God
save the people."
Circulars were also sent to various delegates, desiring
them to marshal the men of their district into the town,
to " honour" the Judges of Assize with their presence,
This method does not appear to answer, for the numbers
brought together by these means were not great, and
their attempt to get possession of the Church, to the ex-
clusion of the parishioners, were rendered unavailing by
the judicious arrangements of the churchwardens, with the
assistance of a few police-officers. After the arrival
of Mr. Justice Coltman and the corporation, the doors were
then opened for the admission of as many of those lovers of
liberty as chose to avail themselves of the " right,"
and some few speedily showed their agility in jumping over
the doors of the few unoccupied pews—the rest ranged
themselves along the different aisles. Whether it was
that they were uneasy and out of their element, or they
had begun to fancy that some one had been practising on
their credulity by making fools of them, we know not, but
certain it is that many, if not most of them, quietly retired
before half the services were concluded. We observed
amongst them one person who had been offering early sa-
crifice at another shrine ; he was immediately perceived by
Mr. Inspector Little, who kindly assisted him to a place
ruoet.appropriate to his condition,—Abridged from the Tyne
Pilo

RAIN UPON THE SAVINGS' BANE.-Great excitement
prevailed in Forfar during the last week, occasioned by a
number of individuals withdrawing their money from the
banks and converting it into cash. Bills had been posted
throughout the town. published by order of the Conven-
tion. The result was, that the greater part of the Chartists
who had any money in the banks withdrew their deposits,
which they converted into silver, and kept back from circu-
lation. This caused a temporary• embarrassment—so much
so, that the banks had to procuro silver from other quar-
ters. The appearece of the silver allayed the panic, and
there is now little or no difficulty i❑ the a•ay of discount.

abhainviedonret
resumed their
0 n an d
----
st of the workmen in this neighbour-
STAFFORD.—.M 0
employment, having
the terms of the masters.
CHARTIST NOTICE.-Some wag on Sunday posted the
generally to accept ndtedoutto,
hood who recentlyctounrnsee
following placards in Newcastle :—" Our voice is still for
%a
~ ye gods can A Chartist long dehait which of the two
to ehuse slavery or death : no let us ris at once and charge
home upon them and I doubt not but what we will gain
our ends and freet Diliree Our world from bondage Rise Chartists
arise your capgicats demands your help; rise and
revenge your starving families ore share there fait the
word is : St. George Chartism and Victory."
CHAR FIST DELEGATE MEETING. —WC understand that
the Univers.al Suffrage Association of Glasgow, has re-
ceived, in answer to its resolutiot,s suggesting a delegate
meeting from all Associations north of the Tweed, to take
into consideration the best means of organising Scotland
so as speedily to obtain the Charter, letters from Aber-
deenshire, and from a considerable number of places in
the counties of Avr, Edinburgh, Linlithgow, Lanark, and
Renfrew, approviug of having such a meeting, and recom-
mending Glasgow as the most suitable place in which it
can be held.

On Saturday last, an out-door meeting of the Chartists
of 13alfron was addressed by Messrs. Rogers and Gillespie,
from Glasgow. It was resclved to support the Conven-
tion in " every lawful measure."—Glasgow Chronicle.
The following letter has been addressed to the Radicals
of Scotland :—" There will be a meeting cf Delegates in
Edinburgh, representing the purely moral force Associa.
tions of Scotland, with a view to replace the Chartist
cause on firm ground. The requisition for the meeting
will, I understand, proceed from the re
supported by the Fife Unions,respectable Associa-
tion of Dunfermline,and, I
trust, also by a majority of those of the west of Scotland.
If you would save the movement from speedy destruction,
you must not be tempted to continue your unfortunate con-
nection with the Physicals, and should have nothing to do
with the proposed meeting at Glasgow,
Your friend and fellow- Chartist,
" P. BREWSTER."
