IRELAND.

[From the. Limerick Chronicle of Saturday.]
A King's Messenger arrived here on Wednes-
day afternoon, with a respite, directing that
the execution of Martin and John Grady,
(brothers,) who were to be hanged on the follow-
ing day, at Shanagolden, pursuant to sentence at
the last Commission, should be postponed un-
til further orders. Yesterday's post brought an
order, that they shOuld be transmitted to the
Penitentiary-house at Cork, and delivered into
custody there ; and this morning, pursuant to
said directions, they were sent off under a mili-
tary guard. The commutation of sentence was
received with great gratitude by the convicts,
and it is hoped will have-a salutary effect on the
peasantry, who must be convinced of - the huma-
nity of the Government, in.-endeavouring to stop
the effusion of human blood, -though the crimes
which have been committed in this county call.
loudly for commensurate chastisement.
On Monday night, a party broke into the house
of John Madden, near Carrigtoher, and, after
beating and abusing the family, carried away
his daughter, not thirteen years old. Shortly
after .ttrey left the dwelling, the horse on
which she rode-fell, and the girl's leg was broke,
which did not prevent the fellows from continuing
their 'course. As morning approached, owing
to the alarm made by the girl,. the 'party be-
gan to separate, and the man behind whom
she rode put her into a house in the parish-of
Castle Connell, the owner of which conveyed her
.to the Rev. Mr. Crampton, who procured Mr.
'DUngan, Surgeon, to set her leg, by whose hu-
mane and skilful attention it is hoped a speedy
.recovery will be effected.
The houses of Denis Winery, Mathew Hayes,
'Matti Ryan, Thonias Halloran, WidoW Hayes,
Darby Wyatt, Thomas Hanrahan, and David .Cro-
neen, 'in the Baronies -Of Coshtna and Small.
County, in this county, were'broken- -into. since,
Monday last, as were also several dwellings in
the neighbourhood of Kilcullane, by banditti,,
who searched for arms. Having got none, they
"insisted on money, and from several of the in-
habitants they- took...even .the pewter off their
-dressers.

We received the following yesterday, from an
intelligent and highly respectable Magistrate,
who has authorised us to mention his name, if
necessary I have perceived, with much sur-
prise, that flattering reports have been made in
your Paper of the state of this county during
the Commission, and since that period. Unex-
pected public and private business has pre-
vented an earlier observation. Happy should I
be to think there were any real grounds for such
reports ; but, to prove the reverse is the case, I
beg to inform you, that while the Commission
sat, several outrages were committed in the
south and east quarters of the county, and both
arms and money procured. Since that period, the
ruffians have attacked, for the 3d and 4th time,
several houses in the south quarter, and obtained,
on the night of the 30th December, a large con-
tribution, though spiritedly opposed by one far-
mer, in Upper Sunville, who had 3 former visits.
His house was well marked by musket and other
balls. Since that period, other houses were vi-
sited, and though the Rifle Corps were out near
them, the business was done so quietly that they
were not noticed."

The Iligh Sheriff' of ' the county of Kerry ap-
prehended a man named Quill, near Ballyseedy,
in that county, on Wednesday morning last, who,
it is said, he' has strong grounds for supposing
was concerned in the burning of the Sheas in the
county of Tipperary.
TO THE PROPRIETORS OF THE LIMERICK CHRONICLE.
GENTLEMEN—The following is a literal copy of a decla-
ration written and delivered to me by the late unhappy Shea,
in order to have it published. Should you think proper, you
will do so. I have been unable to send it in time for last post,
in consequence of delaying in the cour, try after the execution.
WILLIAM DO W NES.

St. Mary's.

" I, Timothy Shea, Do solemnly and in the presence of God,
without Equivocation or reservation, Declare that I Have given
false information to Colonel Doughless and others, and that no-
thing but the repeated solicititions of some Visitors, and the
hope of saving my life, induced me to Do so, and that the other
wow 1 pairticularly Charged with swearing me, never tendered
me directly or indirectly any oath whatsoever, and that nothing
but A sincere Desire of repairing
,the Karacters I Have in.
jured, and of atoning for the wilful and grivus lies I Have told,
makes me to publishthis solem Declaration. I wish to make
this as public as posbel.
44. TI3IOTHY SHEA.

" Delivered in presence of
" JAMES BLACKWELL,
" T. W. BLACKWELL."

On Saturday last, Mr. John Thompson, Coro-
ner held an inquest at 13a11indonny, on the body
of James Fennessy, who came by his death in
consequence of having been beaten on 'the head
with a stone by James Lonergan in a scuffle A
verdict of " Wilful Murder " was returned
against said Lonergan.—(Clonmel Advertiser.)
William Lenaghan, Martin Brennan, and Jas.
McNulty, from the neighbourhood of Boyle,
were committed on Saturday last to the goal of
Roscommon, for administering unlawful oaths,
and extorting money.—(Athlone Herald.)
We hear that the country between Callan and
Nine-mile House is much infested by noctur-
nal perambulations, attended with gross Jelin-
, quency.—(Aid.)

1!1
•
-
tr
.4-k.
1141 I

MASONIC NOTICES FOJ NEXT WEEK.
ENGLAND.

Monday, January 14, LONDON. Nos. 40, 100, 143, 241,
- -319, 329, 335.
COUNTRY. Nos. 131, 243, 320, 360,
378, 433, 473, 517, 536,
• 546, 570, 574, 578, 597,
701.
Tuesday, -13, Loxnow. Nos. 33, 42, 266.

Co eNT mt. N05..127, 151, 167, 170,
184, 199, 385, 532, 544,
551.
Wednesday, - 16, LONDON. Grand Steward's Lodge.
Nos. 56, '92, 134; 225,
296, 309.
COUNTRY. Nos. 92, 95, 105, 124, 146,
207, 229, 339, 342, 465,
480, 487, 529, 581, 678,
711.
Thursday, --- 17, LONDON. Nos. 65, 152, 274, 284,
388.
COUNTRY. Nos. 113, 171, 288, 416,
451, 453, 466, 469, 511,
561.
Friday. 18, LONDON. No. 493.
COUNTRY. Nos. 28, 30, 55, [93, 470,
600, 646.
Saturday, - 19, LONDON. " *

COUNTRY. No. 64.

CAMBRIDGESHIRE.

CAMBRIDGE.—We have been obliged to defer the insertion
'of the following letters from Br. the Rev. G. A. Browne,W.
New Cambridge Lodge, to the Editor of the Morning Chronicle,
respecting the cause of Greece, from the many interesting ac-
counts of Provincial Meetings, which it has been our duty to
lay before our Readers. These letters are well worthy of the
most serious - attention, and our only regret is, that it is
not in our power to add the letter of the NI. W. Grand Mas-
ter, His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, to Brother
the Reverend G. A. Browne ; for those who have, had the
good fortune to hear the Grand Master illustrate the principles
of our Order, and point out the course of conduct which those
principles prescribe, must know that his Royal Highness's
letter, on this occasion, contained a most able and emphatic ex-
position of our Masonic duties, and such forcible observations on
the impropriety of allowing our feelings to carry us into the
consideration of any subject which 'Might in the remotest de-
gree be consideredyoliticaL, as will effectually deter the,Mem-
bers of the Lodge in question from again discussing, either in
public or private, matters of which, asAlasons, we ought to be en-
tirely ignorant.' We approve most highly the immediate acknovi-
ledgment which followed the letter of the M. W. Grand Master,
on the part of Brother the Reverend G. A. Browne, of the er-
rors into.whieli the Brethren of the New Cambridge Lodge had
inadvertently fallen ; and we trust that the example of so respect-
able a Lodge, acquiescing with that ready obedience which our
system requires in the mandates.afour rulers, will always have
its proper:, weight with any Lodge which may unfortunately be
pieced in a similar situation ; if, indeed, the influence of such
an example can be necessary,_in the highly improved state of
respectability and disciplineinio'whiekilfecraft has been brought
by, the -personal and' exertions,-,4nd the zeal and
ability, of our present most Illustrious Grand afaiter.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE MORNING CHRONICLE.
Trinity College, Cambridge, Dec. 20. s

Stu—l have been requested, as Master of the Cambridge
NewLOdge of Freemasons, \o. 5491, to transmit to you a,Do,
nation of five pounds,. from - the Funds of that Society, in be-
half of the distressed Greeks ; and I beg leave to enclose a
similar sum, both in grateful recollection of the delight I have
experienced from Grecian Literature, and as a testimony, of my
hearty wishes for the lodependenca of a people, whose only in,
heritance for the, four last centuries has been the most un-
mitigated slavery. May- their present virtuous struggles be
successful,
• - --" May Greece°
. . .
Once more be free„.n4.li eautiful, and far ' •
Aloof from desolation !" ' Y • .!
" Hoc reor, et (si quid veri mens augurat) Opto."•
I remain, Sir, your most obedient servant,

G. A. BROWNE.
• From Lord Byron's " Sardanapalus," with a slight alteration.

TO TILE EDITOR OF THE MORNING CHRONICLE.

Trinity College, Dec. 23.

Sig—ln your Paper of Saturday you have given publicity to
a letter of mine inclosing a donation in behalf of the Distressed
Greeks; in consequence of your having done so, I must trouble
you to insert the letter I am now addressing to you. His
Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, Grand Master of our
Fraternity, has expressed to me, by a letter this morning, his ex-
treme disapprobation of the conduct-of the" Cambridge New
Lodge," and of myself, as its Master, in having voted from the
funds of our Lodge a subscription for the purpose which my letter
announced. As a Mason, I do not presume. for one moment to
call in question the justice of his Royal Highness's sentiments
on this occasion. I am satisfied that they are dictated by his ar-
dent zeal for the interests of the Craft, and his apprehension lest
his silence might be construed into an approbation of what his,
R. Highness and others conceive to be an introduction of political
topics into the bosom of a Lodge of Masons : I must, therefore,
request you to withhold from the. Committee the sum which I
had enclosed to you as the donation from the Lodge, and to add
it to the sum which, as an humble individual, without any poli-
tical object in view, but merely from a desire to assist the cause
of suffering humanity, I had ventured to subscribe. No one
but myself , has been to blame in this transaction. I pro-
posed the Resolution in our Lodge, and I urged its adop-
tion. I must now, therefore, beg leave thus publicly to offer
my apology to the Grand Master and the Brethren, for hav-
ing outstepped the limits of our masonic duties ; though
I have erred as a Mason, I trust I have not done wrong
as a man ; and I humbly hope that the Craft will extend to-
wards me that forgiveness which Masons are not slow in
bestowing upon their repentant Brethren. By giving this early
publicity to the declaration of his Royal Highness's sentiments,
I shall, I trust, prevent any other Lodge from being led away
by the unguarded conduct of the " Cambridge Lodge." The
subsCription will, be returned to our Secretary on the 27th (St.
John's Day), and a due notice of the transaction will be enter-
ed in his minutes. Allow me shortly to add,' that the motives
which induced his Royal Highness to address Me -on
this unfortunate occasion, are, I am satisfied, no other than,
what do honour to the situation lie holds, and must endear him
still more to the Craft at large. Masonry may exult in having
her chief rule and authority confided to one whose judgment is
warped by no prejudice or partiality ; who, in all points that
are submitted to his consideration, looks only to what is
the peculiar duty of a Mason ; and who in his presiding
Chair of Justice, is always seen to keep the balance even.
Equato examine lances sustinet. Here, Sir, I beg leave to
close this letter, and as you had inadvertently inserted my first
letter, though I had meant it to be private, you will, I trust, oblige
me by inserting my second. As to thesreat. question of the
deliverance of the Greeks from their long and unmerited bon-

(lege, there will not be wanting oppoiothities when I may es:
press my sentiments unfettered by ink Masonic obligations. .
I have the honour to remain,
Your most obedient Servant,
G.A. Bnowyr`:
