co vENT GARDEN TIIF.A..TR,

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.
Ste--7-In reply to the letter of your Corre-
spondent, VERITABi I beg to state, that I am
personally no friend to the present Lessees of
the Theatre Royal, Covent-garden. With Mr.
Kemble only I have the honour of a slight pro.
fessional acquaintance ; captain Forbes, and
his brother-in-law, Mr. Willett, I never, to,
my knowledge, saw in my life ; all I know
of either, is from public report of their marrying
the two Misses White, whose mother and her
sister, MIS. Martindale, inherited the share their
father, the late celebrated actor, Mr. Towel, ori.
ginally purchased in the theatre, in conjunction
With Mr. Barris and Mr. Colman. With Mt.
Brandon, on the contrary, I have long been
intimate, and feel most acutely for his situation,
and that his circumstances are unfortnnately
such as not to enable him, at his advanced age,
to resign his situation in the Theatre without a
murmur, and ,to withdraw from the anxiety,
fatigue, and vexations attendant on a public
life, if not with the otium rum dignfla te,-- of
some more fortunate public characters, at
least, with competence and respect. It there.
fore cannot he presumed, my volunteering my
opinion proceeds, as VERITAS would infer,
from a friendly feeling towards the. Lesees, and
hostility to the late Box-book-keeper, who I

. ,
wished to befriend by my former suggestion of a
Free Benefit, and which, notwithstanding the
reasons stated, Iv ould, I am confident, prove
not only the most just, but ultimately the
most beneficial means of remunerating poor
Brandon for his years of indefatigable labour.—
The chief objection appears to be the time stat-
ed ; this I hope might be accommodated : it arose
merely from its being about the period Brandon
usually had his benefit ; and if it could repay
him when the nightly charges were deducted, it
surely must prove a source of considerably greater
profit, and amply remunerate him, now.
I am, Sir, your obedient Servant,
Temple, Sept. 13. DRAMATICUS.

PARDON OF THE PRUSSIAN MERCHANT FONE,

FRANKFORT, Auck. have just received
from Berlin an authentic account, dated the 10th
instant, transmitting a copy of the rescript of the
King of Prussia to the Minister of Justice, Von
Kircheisen, respecting the cause of Fonk, as also
copy of a letter enclosing it to the. King's At-
torney-General at Cologne. The documents are
as follows:
" I have had the criminal cause of Fonk care-
fully laid before me, and I have pronounced this
judgment:—
" Ist. That the fact of the murder of William
Cotten, whose body was found in the Rhine, near
Crefeld, on the 19th of September, 1816, is not
indubitably established.
" 2d. That the retraction of the former evi-
dence given by the cooper Hamacher, which
contained his own impeachment, and that of the
merchant Fonk, rests upon much better grounds
than his original confession.
" 3d. That the alibi of the merchant Fonk has
been strictly investigated.
" I cannot, therefore, find either Funk or Ha-
macher guilty, and consequently I cannot confirm
the sentence of the Court, nor adjudge a smaller
punishment. Hence follows the release of the
accused, for which they have themselves peti-
tioned ; and I chairge you to issue the necessary
orders accordingly, without delay. After the
extraordinary attention which has been bestowed
upon even the minutest circumstances in the in-
vestigation of this cause, it can hardly be sup-
posed probable that any well-grounded evidence
can hereafter arise either against Fouk or
Hamacher to warrant a new trial. If, however,
this should come to pass, whether sooner or
inter, the present acquittal shall not prevent a
further investigation ; but the same shall not
take place until after having been specially ap-
plied for and approved of. With respect to costs,
I abstain from giving any decision at present, and
I return you all the enclosures to your reports for
the last three months past.
" Toeplitz, July- B, 1892.
(Signed) " FREDERICK WILLIAM.
" To the Minister of State and Justice Von Mu:hi:ism"
" By the enclosed authentic copy of a most
gracious Cabinet order of the 28th inst., you will
perceive that his 'Majesty has not confirmed the
sentence upon the merchant Foal: and the cooper
Hamacher ; hut, on the contrary, has directed the
immediate discharge of both the accused, You are
therefore desired to give the necessary orders ac-
cordingly without fail ; and to observe for the
futtire, that if any fresh charges should appear
against the accused, you are to be careful to pur-
sue the course laid down by then King's most gra-
cious Cabinet Order. As the reversal of the
sentence does not extend to costs, the decision
with reßsril to the latter must remain as at pre-
sent. You will receive, by the next post, the
:filth:meta of the Court of Cassation in this cause,
with all the acts and records thereunto
" Berlin, July 31. 1823.
The Aliniitet ofJustice VON MACRE N ,
the Eine's Attorney4k tend at Wogite."

M. de LA PL,tce, on Tuesday last read to the
French Academy of Sciences a memoir of great
importance, ou the flux and reflux of the tides.—
Ever since 1808, at the request of this profound
mathematician, uninterrupted, observations have
been made at the port of Brest on these pherio.
men a. NU. de La Place, it appears, has 'suc-
ceeded, by a rigorous appreciation of the in•
lluence of the sun and moon and local• circum-
stances, in resolving the most difficult probletns
respecting the causes of the tides.

FOREIGN LITERATI-IRn.

rNo . LX.I

LL'ART DE LA. DANSE, i e. The Art of -DO -
sitiered in its true relatiOns with the Fedutatiesi of Vila*,

Gounmoux.DAux, Daucing Maattr.

The origin of this art muaf he very-ancient,'
for in order to trace it, M. Gourdoux-Faux has
been obliged to go' back ".to the first ages of
this world." It is indeed very probe:W(olst the
creation was celebrated by dancing, but bovrd'itg
they dance then ? Cannot you guess ? No art,
no method ! It consisted, as our author will ob-
';erve, of irregular jumps ; tha oared was notyet
invented. But it did not remain: long unknown:.
" Soon," adds M. Gourdoux-DauE, " rules were-
rr established to the sound of Instruments. rife
" body "moved.in cadence ; the arms were opened,
" and closed ; the feet
" art of dancing became highly esteemed.'' This
is proved by its having been cultivated by se-
veral grave personages of antiquity. I ern oblig-
ed to M. Gourdoux-Daux for reminding me that
Epaminondas piqued himself upon dancing well,
a fact which had entirely escaped my memory.
As to Socrates, he was not only, as is generally
known, a very great philosopher, but he was also
on of the best dancers of his time, which need
not excite any surprise, for he received hisinstruc-
tions in a good school. M. Gourdoux-Daux,
whose opinion is suppoled by very strong
authorities, assures us that, in exchange for the
lessons of philosophy which Aspasla received
from Socrates, that Courtesan gave the Philo-
sopher every morning a lesson in dancing. The
anecdote is curious, and ought to put all detrac-
tors of the art to confusion. The wisest of the
Greeks, Socrates, dancing a minuet with Asps-
sia ! There are, I suspect, some affinities be-
tween 'philosophy and dancing, which the vulgar
cannot perceive.

M. oourdonx-Daux, who appears to have
made deep researches in his art, gives US a very
correct idea of all the dances known to the an-
cients ; there are three of which he makes ho-
nourable mention, viz, the en:me/Jim, the seirnis,
and the corder: the last was, without contra-
diction, the liveliest, and our author derives front
it the volte-couronte and the gavotte. This learned
antignite btu not been sufficiently praised. It
knew every thing, discovered every thing, even
to our gavotte which it had invented, leaving- the
moderns only the glory of bringing it to per-
fection.

The more a nation is civilized, the better it
dances. This is an important truth, which the
Introduction of M. Gourdoux-Daux puts beyond
all reasonable dispute. By it you perceive that
dancingnot only follows the progresS of ci
but also retrogrades with it. Woe, therefore, woe
to nations, who leave off learning to dance ! They
are not far removed from barbarism, and the
French, it would seem, have lamentably expe.
rienced the truth of this observation. The Re-
volution, says M. Gourdonx-Daux, gave a ter..
riNc blow to dancing, from which it, has .not.
yet recovered. The French lost then " that
" ease in their carriage and deportment,
" those amiable and polished manners, those
" seductive graces, which in the
fine days
" of France raised her to the highest degree
"of perfection. They were replaced in those
" disastrous times by an awkward and rude tone,
" the enemy of French urbanity." What dancing!
what manners ! A few years longer would have
brought to destruction in France the art taught
by M. Gonrdorix-Daux ; the first of all arts would
have perished, and with it civilization ! I like to
see our author deplore those disastrous times, and
regret thefirre clays of France, which were alsO
the fine days of dancing, If I had not known
that all dancing-masters of any distinction are
men of reflecting minds, our author would have
convinced me of it.

However, M.Gourdouv-Dauv doer/not despair'
of his art. " The principles' of, the true And the
" beautiful may," he says, " be eclipsed in times
" of trouble and revolution, but they re-appeals-
" afterwards with greater eclat." In short, oar
Professor seems well persuaded that if the French
will but enter into the spirit of the five pailtiow,
they will dance, very soon, as gracefully as they
danced in 1788.

This treatise is very useful to lovers of the
art ; nothing essential is omitted. All the po-
sitios, all the steps, and all the measures and
times of dancing tkre described with a clearness
not always observed its elementary works. never
comprehended perfectly the sissonne until I had
read the explanation of M.Gourdoux-Daus.
judge of professors of dancing who write on their
art, there is a very simple mode. which I have
made nse of successfully. Their wonderful
entre-chats on one leg, theirpirouettes do not im-
pose upoti me. .It is by the minuet that f put
them to the test. If they speak 111 of it, or even
with indifference, they have quite forfeited toy
good opinion, for it is impossible to think favour.,
ably of their principles ; but if one of them
praises, like 14..Gourdoux-Paux, " the noble

" and elegant simplicity of the minnet ; if he
" considers the minuet as the most amiable, the
(''most d,cent, and the most polished of dances,"
then, 1 say, he is the master you should follow.
You cannot fail to profit by his instructions, since
he loves the minuet, which, by ihe way, is 001
decried by thoso who know not how to dance it.
Illustrious Marcel ! you were in the right. What
a wonderful thing ia a minuet ! C.

many thousand essuA visitors. The meetings nna aklibert►•
tions ef Congress were held under the shade of an orange and

-GKEECL

IttPORT

voNi;itr AcArtp TIIE oItEEX COMMITTEE" IVV),
EDWARD, 4,LAQVIERI4-,EAQ, RELATIVE TO Allis
A
ITE N44IT 1401tEA, AND READ AT TLIE
ViEETLmo SATOKDAY, SEPT. 13, '1823.

Previoakly to onterieg into weletall of the state
r.
whieh I Cetuulthe affairs' of ehe Confederation'on lily arrival
!r. ;Le Marti}, it finiy,tiet.tee.iroproper to make some allusion
is the eleettinstanceA K hich led to my Visiting Greece ; more
f4cii3ty,liliOsiiiii4istankling seems to exist on a point,
efildeitilY, teen most prejudicial to the interests of
the (Weeks, and which, if suffered to continue, must pioduce
stia,gre'iter injury: I:allude to the origin and fertnetion of
yvvvvoloolutue...,, e , • ; - c.
eit.ittinisteceisairfor meta dwell en fltoricemees whi:di pie:
741*. a t1)070 direct Intenextee bet Ween the ProviiiOnal Go- '
vsteententef•Grectie and England, during the earlier -stages of
La eventfai, stregge-fe:norent of Alio reception -which an •
ever•uri.ulight experience heye, and equally; so, of .the public
eee'eng esiterally, all that cooled be well attempted in the first
itgaaOe- `4.4 to ittijt, a person' to London for the purpose of
eeceitaiaiug the, sem timente of his Majesty's Ministers, and the
mate c r rubes opinion with reeiard to the contest in, which
slit! CreAs wtre engaged. The intlividurti# chosen for, this ob-
ject Vial Andreas Luriotfis,
,'whOseesinimpt..achable character
e.rallittel In the catise'of his cOtu;tri, had' gained him the confl.:
4inge of all-pattiet in Greer. He arrived towards the latter
eed of de:mare in the, preseet year, bringing with hini letters
of introduction, but without being the brayer of any conunue
tlcetion to Goveinment. 'rite individual to whom 51.,Lutiottis
Was more particularly athfieised, 'having had nvery'reaeon to
believe, that theta •wes a general sentiment throlighont the
.netion'faveurable to the:struggling „Greeks,, conceived that the
best means of proving the truth of his conjecturer; was to
make tie appeal the public In their behalf: Having idopted
the measures within his reach for carrying this attention into'
effect, Py'applying to those, whose weight and• taldhts in so-
ciety were most likeleeto, facilitate, the .object in view, it last
feet well known to the Gentlemen who first joined your. Come
mitt*, that the'niost scrupulous care was taken to atltirdss the
invitations for its formation, to persons of every party, with-
cut the smallest regard; to political bias or religious' persua-
sion,'#iviAced, thathOwever impcirtaOt the influe-nee which
Gresce might be destined to exercise on the state of Europe on
`'azure day, the question. was now one of humanity in favour
vi a Christian co' intnunity threatened with extermination..
Ceserery to the hopes and anticipations of those who gene-
rte. dy undertook to form the Committee, the tuteubers were at
tiret extremely limited; it was however considered of pritnary
importance that a beginning should be made, and that 111, Lu-
?foals, whofelt anxious to return without delay, should not be
suffered to depart without some proof that he had not paid a
fruitless visit to the Elitist' metropolis. •
conviction on my own part, that the calumnies arid false.;
hoods which had gone abroad, relative to the origin and pros
pees of the Greek struggle, were the chief, perhaps only,
cause of the question not exciting its due share of attention in
thi3 country, and that it IVAIi of the very highest moment, that
every evil impression thus niade should be removed as speedily
as Pliable; I determined to secorripany M. Lttriottis as -the
humble representative of your Celmnittee, and with a view of
procuting such information as could only be obtained on the
spot: it occurred to me, that the presence of an agent ot'some
kind would be feveurabiy interpreted by the Provisional Cio-
•vetnment and people of Greece ; and a most flattering recep-
•tian afterwards convinced the that I was not mistaken. My
wishes having been comtmenicated to your Committee on its,
first meeting, Friday, February 2fith, I had the satisfaction to
fa that they were fully approved, and an arrangement was
accordingly made for corresponding with your Honorary Sc-.

cretary.
Leaving London on the 4th March, -we proceeded -to Mar-
:scales, • with the intention of onbarking there. for Hydra.
Ocring,iiowever, to the want of more frequent communication,
and the approaching hostilities between France and Spain, we
rescived to proceed by land to Otranto, and but for the refusal
or the lkfarehe»e Foscaldo, Minister of his Neapolitan Ma-
jesty at Rome, tO sign my passport, we should have reached
Co-y
-fu mucli 200T1CT, Forced to retrace our steps, 'and embark
at t.„neons, we did flatland in the above island before the'2lst
°I..APril, and only reached the slime of the Morea ten days
. afterwards.

iTaving lantiM at Pyrgi, a small' cove -opposite the I.sland of
lance, early irr the morning of May 30th, the rind objects which
utrock toy sight, were a number of hushandrnen and females
busily employed in the 'various occitpatiorts7Of tillage. weeding:,
c. ; While nitmerous ilocits and hardy were seen grazing on ts
plain of about fifteen Miles in eircurnferet co., and surrounded
by a range of itllla thieklY'studdiedwitl. (live' and other trees.—
On reaching Pyrgps, itlirge.toi.4-rt eight miles further on,.com-
rnanding a delightful prospect Of its extensive plain and neigh-
bouring country, inclining the..mountainoui, districts of gala-
vrita and Arcadia with the.asa inibe distance, there appeared
to have been no material int'errliption to agricultural pursuits,
as we continually passed through vineyards, cornfields, and
orchards of tnulhenytreeg.' .'civoups of women and children
were also seen round the Welles, ocatipied'either in washing or
drawing water, as if enjoying.the most perfect security. These
enlivening and unexpected oontinued while we followed
the romantic and ever.windiog coarse of the Alpheds, through
thi.. moat on,thanting country(
.oyer. behead, for a distance of
more thin -slaty miles; witiiy?W`ft,es+centled' the 'range of moon
t which Mtersett
_gie,p,velt;•throughout its centre. 'fere
Is!,, over tocitlt itnil preciPices of frightful aspect, forth. I
ing a nu ath.-..!r of sintost..,iopcnetrable pastes fur a dOnSidetlibit:
natitnt, "Possistg over; a ."a-,ygiati' of; lofty.pines, which cover a
..Tatra of": ok-iY 4ti.)..anoth'er well cut.
Pt.:11'334 'to reaching that
on which
The almost tile Turkish army, which fut.
low.A its att..- • ' Marra in the autumn of 1822,
trt!l as 7. )us ,ti:pa:-; `events. to which that memo-
ralo!e gave rise, haring induced the Provisional CIo.
v3rnm.;:nt tri cot:-nitre a general Contras at Astriq, the meNi.
har3 cf the Exe:ti:ive and Dapv tics bad dtist reached Tripolizza
as we arr:vo.l: Whether regard the importance of the
measures there', or the dignity and moderation with
• whialt the deliberaiang carried on, the mecti::g at Astros
InaihljUstiy cousilere,l tia nue Of tlI 17104 i iluprestiic;•4 anti in.
t eras! ing eveats stt uggle.
- -

•
Although the decree of convivation,' 'which nto pointed
,out the triode to ire ptir3l:edl;l the new elections, together with
th^ neneSsity..of only. uturiling men distinguished for their
patriotisro and virtue, merely opecbled the number of Repre-
tentatjvcs ptescribtpd, by the. law of .Epidaurus; ;tit, such was
th-; calc-neha of 'the, peepie throughout the Confederation to
.contribute tt the common veal,. That above three hundred de
:piece h;:4l,..assembled by the beginning .of April ;
,there we
v.O !erg: bodk of trAps, nearly "all military 6:lCfs,. aid

niuraentunaer every Rossliale shape and aggravation which the
imagination can conceive, massacres which have consigned, in
fellor

that space, not leis than shit), thousand of our tw
Lemon grove, between sunrise and noon, while all those who Christians of every age and let to death, under torments such
were desiront of hearing the debates, or witnessing the pro. as history affords no example of, and who were, for by far
the most part, the innocent Victims of a merciless soldiery
ceedings, beta led the suer. °twang sPace thickly shaded with Bu •
t have they disclosed thole indescribable horrors, even
olive trees. : worse than death, to which the helpless women and children of
• The first care of the Congress thus assembled was to re-
Greece have been exhosed, before the moment of exectioh,
t Or while in the hands of their oppressors ? Would it be
vide and correct such articles in the Constitution framed a possible for the most able pen,
the executions of the capi-
ta eloquent tongue, to de-
Epidaurus sixteen months before, as experience- had proved scribe the scenes which followed
tals a-
to be susceptible of amelioration. Adopting the 'most liberal' t Adrianople, Salonica, Mount Athens,-Smyrna
Novo, Aivali, Rhodes, Cyprus, Candle, and Scio ? I Scala
t is in-
institutions of Europe for their models, there was not a single passable to believe, that if the nameless anti innumerable atro-
cities committed by the Infidels, whenever they could gain
atro-
clause added or retrenched, without a precedent, being pre.
• even a momentary ascendancy, had reached the knowledge of
viously established, either in the practice of the British Con- a nation whose annals bear such constant _testimony to.its cha-
stitution or that of the United States, which the Legislators of rity and commiseration for the woes of others, no matter what
. • . their clime or colour, it could have been deterred from coming
Greece ebtsulted, as 'knowing it to etnanate front the letter 'forward at an earlier period of. this dreadful contest. Had the
and spirit of English law. I ought not to omit stating, as con- cries reached our -country of infants, torn from their mother's
breasts and. firing into the sea, or dashed against the rocks,
necttni belch this portion of the labours of Congress, that its as et Selo and various other places—.of fathers, husbands, and
principal attention was directed to the best mode of drawing brothers, butchered before the eyes of mothers, wives, and
sisters, who were themselves destined either to 'share a simi-
lar up civil and criminal codes, and of introducing the trial by
• fate, or be .dragged into that hopeless slavery in which
'jury into the legal proceedure of Greece, •as well as a regular ' thour.audaanguish a: this moment—it is needless to say that
system of public education on the principles of Bell and every British heart would have melted, and every 'British
hand been itretched out to succour or to save a perishing com-
Lancaster: Having decreed the necessary clauses upon the muna •y I
above points, so essential ?to the perfection. of' their civil I turn with pleasure from the sufferings of the Greeks, to
• their triumphs—triumph., achieved under difficulties
organization, .the Eicecutive vras. directed to take such steps rind privations that would have appalled the stoutest dangers, t
hearts;
•
As might be most likely to produce the- benefits anticipated and which seem to be rather the work of that Omnipotent
from them without lot'scf tithe; The second object of soli-
Con whoni the proclamation of Astros invokes, than of
, serted people ! The Noblemen and Gentlemen composing unarmed, scattered, disorganized, and I may almost add, dan
e•
citude related,tO the state of finances, public accountsanda
national resources. Thette being subjected to a careful ex- your Committee have watched and exulted in the naval and
amination, and various modifications introduced Into the poli. military victories of the Hellenists, from the commencement
deal. code, for the more prompt collection of the revenue of their struggle tip to the .elestrtiction .of the hordes who in.
and prevention of fiscal abuses, the third and last subject of -vatted the Mores last year, when it really, seemed as if an of.
deliberation was au inquiry into the' extent of the naval and
_fended Divinity hind given them iip to the swords of a long
milhary forces of the Confederation, as also relative to the most persecuted and suffering people. This almost miraculous de-
effectual plans to be adopted for repelling every future attempt liverance of the alma, at a time when the most sanguine
of the enemy. • friends of the Greek cause in England had neatly given it up
Having decided that the seat of Government should be fixed as lost, may lie 'justly' hailed as a totally new and brilliant
at Tripolizza, preVious to , its final establishment ett Athens, epoch. in the contest; for .there is no instance on record sub.
the last act of Coegress Was an address to the people, in which sequently to the capture of Napoli de Romania, one of the first
the object of ruse brim,, and a succinct notice chile proceed- fruits of the triumphs gained on the plain of Argos, in which
ings weria.detailed.a This energetic paper also proclaimed the the Greeks have not completely disproved the accusations of
national indepehdence, appealing once more to the Christian their enemies, by showing every.disposition to conduct the war
.world for its sympathy and support • and after thanking those on principles strictly cenfonnieble to the laws of civilized na.
who bed merited ha approbation by their patriotism and public tions. When I add that they have acted thus in the midst of
-spirit, concluded, by imploring tt the Omnipotent Father of All incessant provocations on-tht:. part of the Turks, whose excesses
to extend his Almighty protection to the people of Greece, and continue unabated to this hour, it will be for your Committee
crown their efforts With success." to decide how tar the calumniators of the former are justified in
Nutubers of those who were present at Astros have informed their system of ungenerous hostility.; •
me that the result of each day's deliberation was watched with Your Committee is doubtless aware, that in all the prods
the most intense anxiety by all classes, representing the whole mations and other addresses which have emanated from the
hit a scene of the greatest enthusiasm and unanimity, with the Provisional Government, or Chiefs of' the Confederation, an
exception of ogre eingle point-othe propriety of distributing a appeal has been invariably made to their Christian brethren of
portion of the mac:nal doniams amongst the chiefs and soldiery. the rest of Europe.. Never was appeal more just or legitimate.
Aware that more than nineteen twentieths of the territory freed This appeal is founded on facts the most obvious and incontro.
from - 'the tyrant, had belonged to Turkish proprietors, it was vertible. 'There is scarcely a single Greek, however ignorant
extremely natural for those whose lives had been passed in the or illiterate, who does not know that the torch, extinguished for
labotire of agriculture as slaves, to feel anxious about the pos. a time by the effects of tyranny and barbarism, but which now
session of a spot of ground, however small, which they could illumines the greatest portion of our hemisphere, was first
call their own, and there was every disposition on the part of lighted up in Greece; and that all we possess to cheer and
Government and Congress to accede to their wishes. Such, animate existence, wits derived from their forefathers ! As,
however, were the 'difficulties that presented .themselves in however, flippancy and prejudice have occasionally combined,
every stage of the discussion which followed. the proposal to to reject the justice of an appeal founded upon gnounds which
alienate a part of the domains; the probabilities that it vgmld no generous miner would dispute, it remains for use to show
interfere, with the duties of die gamy ; .the obstacles to an equi. your Committee, by the statement of a few facts, that the
table distribution, in the existing state of the war ; and, above Greeks of the present day have claims to the support of the
all, the effect which it might produce on the public credit of Christian world, totally distinct from the incalculable benefits
alith Confederetion, when the Executive should be authorized conferred on mankind by the wisdom anti virtue of their ances-
werable, if they are not can-
to contract a foreign loan, that the question was deferred by torn. Nor am. I without a hope, that the claims lam about to
actual struggle of'
unanimous consent, till that period when it could be carried put forward will'be deemed unsus
into effect Without exposing the nation to any of
,the foregoing sidered Vs inesitable. . • •
so large a part of its best
serious inconveniences. • .. . It is, I presume, impossible to separate' the
illy motive for having thus called the attention of your Coin- the ()reeks from that period of European history, when, after
' n invaders, the ultimate
mince to the proceedings at Astros, and dwelt on theft some-, a succession of crusades, In :bleb so
l'bera'e the Holy L ,
what in detail, is, that they were almost the exclusive topic of blood and treasure was sacrificed
conversation on my arrival at Tripolizza, whilst they are, per- and other points occupied by the
elliatit t thul • the
cen ur—e eaving
haps, more calculated to illustrate the real spirit of the cause result of which was their subsequent abandonment by
for which Greece is contending, than any thing else I could Sovereigns of Chrietentioni in the . _
a Christian popularion of many millions a repy toss
sei vi.
have possibly adduced.
been made for the protection of
But there are many other circumstances connected with the rude at once more !;aping and cruel than any ever imposed on
origin and progress of' this extraordinary struggle, which are man. Had sonic stipulation
scarcely less- worthy of attention ; and though the limits of a life, faith, or property,
a la OW of plausibility on
Report, intended. rather as the outline of a few prominent facts, wrette.ed fate. there inight be soma t tt
in favour of a. pride thus left to their
than St minute record of events, preclude the possibility of toy the part of those who now deprecate interference and aid.
going` to the extent I could wish, there are yet some portieu. But so for *OM this having been the case, lam bore out. by
lees so closely allied to the interests of Greece and hutnantty, history, when I assert that the Greek people were
destined to
,the they cannot be passed over in silence on e present oc. o undergo a bondage as unconditional and pp ressive as ever
. .
cation.
. - ` weighed down a nation. Under such a calamity ; and, to use
Being principally desirous of ascertaining how far the con- the emphatic language of the proclamation of Astros, " de.
duct of the Provisional Government and people of Greece are prived of their liberties and substance; exposed to unheard-of
entitled td the support of the Christian world, without any re- cruelties by those who have ever been strangers to justice and
ference to their imprescriptible claims as the victims of oppres- hinnanity ; ' what, I will ask, but innate virtue united to the
sion and professors of a common faith; I need scarcely inform most heroic resolution,. could have enabled the Greeks, not
your Committee, that I left no
,effort untried to obtain correct only to sustain tha honour of Christianity, but to cherish and
data on the circumstances which led to 'the struggle in thelirst cultivate those • quelities which dignify and ornament its fol.
instance ; and, in the 'second piece, to discover how far the lowers ? '
charges of cruelty, which had been so industriously circulated, It is not my intention to become an indiscriminate panegy-
and so frequently furnished an excuse for those to whom appli- rist of the ()reeks at the expense of truth, or to deny the ex-
cations had been made in behalf of the unhappy Greeks, were istence of vices among them—viCes which are partly imperil-
founded in truth. .. ble from our nave, but much more . generally leaved from
• With regard• to the on of the Greek contest, this is not the peculiar circuteistances of their enslaved and degraded
the place to enter into a minute detail of all the facts, and in- condition t but I will say, from the observation and Inquiry
'deed many of them would be irrelevant to the object of your of many years, that I atii Justified in pronouncing them to be
Committee ;it unmet however be toootoon proclaimed, nor too an eminently moral and religious people. Without occupying
Widely circulated, and I will stake my y existence on the exact the time of your Committee with a more
,cxtendid ' develope-
veracity of the insertion, that there was not the smallest con. meat of this opinion at present, it will perhapeelae sufficient
nexion, either directly or indirectly, between the rising in to call your attention to the virtues winch so generally dis.
Greece and pessing events in the rest of Europe. Having tinguish the domestic circle in the lower and middling
made this positive and solemn declaration, upon the import- classes of the Greek community, the proverbial affection
mince and necessity of which, to the people of Greece, it would between
.parents and children, .relatives and friends :, their
be superfluous to dilate, the membees of your Committee do abstemioushees and industry, unequalled by any other na-
,not require to be informed; that the straggle was first corn- tion in Europe.• scrupulous regard
.to. religious duties, mid,
menced in Aloldavia by. a General in the service of a great above all, a disposition to improire and acguire knowledge.
Northern Power ; and thatalthough leis. proceedings weresube which cannot but strike the_ most superficial obeeeVer. A
sequently disilanO ed, and lihnself disgraced, yet the irree slight reference to the unceasing and persevering 'efforts
preachabla character of Alexander Ypsilanti, his bravery made throughout Greece and Asia • Minor, during the last
while serving in the Russian campaigns, and more especially thirty years, to establish schools and colfeges, as well as
the place of Aide-de-Camp he held alsout the person Olds Inn. the progress of those who are sent to study in France, Italy,
perial *Mejeety, were pre-eminently calculated to create a be. and Germany, fully prove the latter part of my assertion ;
lief that the insurrection was tacitly approved by the Cabitiet while the events of the pending contest would furnish end-
of St. Peteraborgh. . This alone was surely more than sufileient• less illustrations of the former. The mode in which Greeks
ito excite the hopes of the Greek pea le n the. western pro• of every description minister to each other's necessities in
vincei, if it did not stimulate them to Ey to urnis.'llut irreaisti- this hour of trial and :mitering, is truly admirable ; whilst
We as the call of Ypsilanti 'aertainly was, 80 little had the events the readiness with which tbousande of the husbandmen have
in Wallachia and Moldavia been anticipated In the Mom, returned to die culture of the lends abandoned by the Turks,
`that no peeparafiene Tr4atever were made for a rising; nor was after aiding in defeating the enemy, displays a degree of
it until clue massacre of the venerable end virtuous Patriarch flexibility in the midst of misfortune, that reflects, the very
Gregory,. not to mention • thousands of utheffending Greeks at highest honour the national character of thie singular people.
Constantinople and other, places, together with '
the inearcera. I regret than -°lll' its of this Report do not enable me. till
tion of all the Primates at Tnpolizza as hostages, and order farther to. enlaurigee an the conduct and character ofthe Greesits,
for disarming those of the people eittehad been hitherto al- by detailing,
lowed to carry a musket for the purposes of private amuse- have disting-iitihlsetir' ilnidulaired3sl'oafetshoothf istecroxeissmduarnird)gbtrhalersyttuwghgicliel
ment, that they save no alternative between resistance anti ex- for emancipation. These acts, whether they regard the spon.
termination. When I add, that even . the actual President, tancous sacritices of property to an immense amount, or acts
alavromichale, one of the most
sills opulent men in Greece, had of personal intrepidit ' in which even the women of Greece
not a single barrel of gun-powder in his possession, on the in. have braved al; the p)''ls and dangers of battle, deserve to be
surrection's breaking out, added more than two-thirds of the recorded in letters oggold ; while they prove that the spirit -of
male population, capable of bearing arms in -the Morea and patriotism and public .virtne, which animated the heroes of
other points, were under the necessity of's:dieting forth without Alarethon, Salamis,' and
.platca, are not extinct after ages of
any other weapona thou sticks, lam :pure it as-perfectly me, servitude and•suffering I•- . e ~ •.. ,
necessary' to sax more, in cyder to convince. your Committee As there is no ambition so deeply rooted in the Gilgit Oa-
that the attempt to connect. the Greek struggle with those meter as the deeire of instruction, no wonder that it -*Would
events which continue to agitate the south of Europe, is as un- predominate, now that there is a prospect of being able to rea.
roweled es it is cruel 1 . lize the wishes on this subject. which so universally pervade
As to the excessesintribtita to the 'Greek ,soldiery, i.t would the natiob. Nothing but a determination to encourage this
appear that the number of Able and eloquent .writers who have most laudable disposition
riesenients us artist satisfy could have induced the Provisional
advocated the the cause of Greece, have brought forward such Government to devote a part of its attention and circumscribed
facts ned
every impartial, observer,. funds to the establishment of • Lancasterian thools, while the
that thes'e escesSes, like every other subject calculated to pre_ enemy was still so near, and the means of subsistence often
judice time cause, haio been most wantonly exaggerated'. The wanted for the troops. The interest attached to this impor.
le sect of
whole cour3o of my own inquiries enables me to. confirm the tarn subject by
tyhe4utrteominitteewill, not be little heightened
fart; and in
enemy were inevitithle
'repeating that the severities exercised. on the when informed Government had not been este
and Unat'oh/ahle, I shalt further add it blished at .Tweeks, when I hadthe-
es my most firm conviction, that when all concomitant cir. satisfaction of
riPolinza more than three
witnessing one of the largest Mosques in the
cumstances which led
to the excesses at Tripolizza are made city, converted into Lancaster's
principle, at
known, they will appear mild,' when compared to those coin- which above 70 a school on
under the age of 10
children of both sexes. _
__ years
mined by the best disciplined and most civilized troops of En- were receiving instruction when I quitted the Morea. Prince
rope in many instances during the last fifty years. Mavrocordato had alreadyestablished two, almost in sight of
lii common with all the friends of the Greek cause, I lament, the Infidel forces N - h' and Gastouni,
, at A lessalong i previously to
most deeply` lament, the excesses which marked the early his atte d' n mgthe
deliberations at Astros.
stages of the contest; but I would entreat those who judge
Having itts cursoril endeavoured to prove that the ap.
them, not to.pronounce before they become thoroughly acquaint- peals of the Greeknot exclusively founded on the
ed with the innumerable provocationo which, in war at least, claim. fpeople are •
s o their anc • at our support is really due to
ancestors and that
would fully juetify still greater excesses, without referring to them as men not attempt to add another
or Christians, I will .
thong calturtes of galling and intolerable oppression which the remark on the expediency of malting every possible effiart to
Greek, people had to avenge. convince the Greek,' they have not appealed to us in vain.
It is scarcely possible to allude to the mode in which the There a
re other a ' tent runds of slain in the im.
nd imr ~
cruelties of the Greeks are dwelt upon and magnified, without mediate •belied protection and tappet o Europe onf of the
recurring to the sufferings to which that unfortunate people Greeks, founded on the j ii i 1 considerations which arise
ban been exposed ever since the commencement of' their out of their situation are Caconnected with those- commer-
struggle. BM who could paint these, and in what language cial advantages filet
all
necessarily derive from a future
can they be described ? Mush as your Committee has hearth intercourse •
of its '
rith Greece, es well as the certainty
cotieerOing the homers perpetrated by a race to whom the a new and
profitable market fur 'the produce of European in.
virtues of pity and benevolence are totally unknown, and descry- But these are nouns which more properly belong to
whose fundamental Mt,xito of faith is to extirpate the vota. those whose Influence tangles them to accelerate the hour of
ries of Christianity, I cm fully borne Out in stating, that the independence, Confining myself exclusively to the question
European public is, as yet, most imperfectly and inadequately as it regards the great and paramount Interests of human I
informed on the stiWeet. It is true, the public prints hove for ellen proceed to sten! the mode in which the beneficent object!
the last three years ieetned weli the recital of itassacree end of your Committee .nay be most effectually carried into omen-

tion, for the benefit of those whom yos lave so gemously come
forward to relieve.

Notwithstanding the claims- of the Greeks to the most active
benevolence and solicitous care which the Christian commu-
nity could possibly bestow on them, both on the score of reli-
gion and humanity, it is melancholy to reflect, that owing to
one of those inexplicable fatalities which sometimes interfere to
mar the best interests of society, and disappoint the hopes of
the good and wise, scarcely has any thing been done where the
voioe of God and Nature seemed to stimulate every man im-
bued with a particle of religion or charity. Thus it is, that
while the ill-fated Greeks were struggling against tinnumbered
difficulties at home, and the bitterest persecution from without,
the pious and immaculate office of ministering to their wants,
and alleviating some portion of their sufferings, has been con-
fined to a very small portion of the charitable and humane in
Germany, Swisserland, and England. Here it would be an in-
justice which our Committee could not sanction,- were- I tai'
omit thus publicly to acknowledge, that, in this instance at
least, the double_palm of priority and benevolence belongs to
the former. - Difficult as it Will be to extenuate our conduct to
posterity, more especially when that posterity reflects, that mo-
tives of the strongest self-interinit united with those of charity,
to impel us on, it is hoped that when the most callous can no
longer find the shadow of an excuse for withholding theimite.
England will retrieve a charactet which ought to be as dear to
her sons as their political existence and civil immunities
It is among those facts which . cannot receive too much pub.
licity, that old and young, rich and poor, have contributed to
the sainted work of aiding the Greeks amongst our northern
neighbours, where even the school boys have beep frequently
known to devote the trifleit allowed for recreation to the Greek
fund.._ And let h be loudly proclaimed, that the pastors of
Swisserland and Germany, who are indigent in conmansori
with the pastors of England, have been first and foremost in the
sacred duty .!
In the event of your Committee judging it expedient to
make another appeal to the British public, I venture to sug-
gest that an application should be more particularly addressed
to the religious communities generally. These are bound by
every tie, both as Christians and es men, to succour the Greeks,
and contribute towards their speedy restoration to the boson, of
the European family, as well as to the blessings of an extended
civilization. It might well be regarded .as obtrusive, were
Ito suggest the various and irresistible grounds which your
Committee has to call the attention of . the Established Clergy
of the realm, to the claims of the Greek people. When that
influential and important body are satisfied, beyond the fear of
contradiction, that the Greek cause is the cause of religion, hu-
manity, and justice—unconnested, either directly, or indirectly,
with what leas occurred in other places, and that it is moreover
further removed from a question of party than any question
ever was.-.I am sure they will no longer resist the performance
of a duty, which seems to be enjoined by every consideration of
prudence no less than by the great maxims of their faith.
Next to the foregoing appeals, your Connnittee.would be
fully justified in calling upon the matrons and young women
of England;; these aremstly looked up to as models of virtue
and benevolence throughout Europe.—Can they resist an ap-
peal which itenatle in &roue of their own sex, of whom thou-
sands of the most pure and beautiful which ever graced
the Christian community, are at this moment pining in utisery
and ie want, in Greece, the lonian Islands, and various pens of
the Continent? . Should this. appeal be made, yourCominittee
can truly inform the women of England, that those of Greece
are more like themselves in all that constitutes female excel.
lence, than any other. women I could name. .When it is added,
that the most wretched of the Greek matrons and young wo.
men are those who have heretofore been blessed with all the
goods of fortune, I cannot persuade myself that it will be =de
in vain.
• to Finally,e thatit willtl les ee noof
every trifling
party, rank, ranydou srtaCotiornn, who
mittee
c
may henceforth persist in withholding charity from Greece,
screen themselves under any one of the futile pleas
which have hitherto served more as an excuse than a reason for
lukewartnness and indifference.
Being for the present' chiefly desirous of .establishing the
claims of the Greeks to the sympathy and support of their
Christian brethren of England, I shall take an early opportu-
nity of furnishing your Committee with such details relative
to the actual state of the Confederation, form of Government,
degree of organization it has attained, population, naval'and
military strength, and, more particularly, those extensive
.re•
sources, both in the national domains and products of the soil
—which will enable the Executive to negotiate a loan in any
of the European capitals. In the meantime, it affords one the
utmost pleasure to be enabled to inform your Committee, that
the result of the Greek triumphs by sea and land is such as to
promise n happy termination to the contest. But it cannot be
_too deeply impressed on the attention of your Committee, that
a contest commenced and carried on under such discouraging
auspices has produced a considerable degree of exhaustion,
while the very nature of the war precludes all possibility
the Greeks availing themselves. of 'the advantages to be derived
from their rich and prolific soil. It must therefore be almost
superfluous to state, that at no period of the struggle has it
been more necessary to appeal to the British public in favour
of nation, which is, in truth, only sustaining the cattle et'
civilization and Christianity, against' barbarism, vice, and ig-
norance. Although there is little doubt, that any proposition
of the Provisional Government for negotiating a loan would
be favourably receivedin a country Toesesiing so much Su.
perfluoup capital as England, and where such nndeniablC
guarantees can be given, still some months must.unavoidably-
elapse before supplies can be obtained from this . source;
and the present campaign is one which must in a great mea-
sure decide the fate of Greece. It therefbre becomes my duty
to apprize your Committee, that although the successes which
are announced almost daily prove that the courage and reso.
lution of the Hellenists remain undiminished, and that the
neglect and indifference of their Christian brethren would
seem only to. stitnulate them to still greater efforts, yet are
they conducting the war under the greatest disadvantages;
so much, indeed,• that 'I can safely assure your Committee
there are, while I write, thousands of those driven from their
homes, and whose wives and children were carried into sla-
very, either seeking a refuge from the knife of the Infidel'
among, the crags of Olympusi Macrinoro, and Volos ; or, if
armed; bravely opposing the enemy in the passes of Thermo-
pylte and Corinth, without bread to eat or raiment to cover
diem I Need I say more to rouse the slumbering spirit of be-
nevolence And Christian charity ? I will only add, that acorn..
paratively small portitin of the funds which have been sub-
scribed in this philanthropic country, to disseminate the bless-
ings of Christianity beyond the seas, would, if promptly ap-
' plied to the wants of the struggling Greeks, perhaps save a
whole notion cf- Christians from perishing I
With respect to the benefits which your Committee can
Confer on Greece, they will of course entirely depend on the
extent of those means which are placed in your hands by the
liberality of the public. It must be obilous to all who are
acquainted with the subject, that amidst the chief wants of the
Confederation, money to pay .tare troops is the most conspi-
cuous. • Should it be' impossible to remit a sum worthy the
acceptance of the Provisional Government, there is still a wide
field opened to your Committee, in affording the means of
organization to the Greek armies, and promoting the wishes
of- the Executive with regard to public education, agriculture,
and.the useful arts. In whatever mode your Committee may
judge it most expedient to continue its valuable labours, I am
decidedly of opinion, that there should be an understanding
established with the Central Committee of Germany and Siva- '
zerland, in order that the succours sent out may not clash with
each other, as well as to give greater effect to the intentions of
all parties. As the facilities of communicating with Greece
are Infinitely greater from England than Germany, the Socie-
ties of that country are fully aware that their efforts must de-
rive great additional advantage frot a co-operation with your
Committee. Should this unity of lateen take place, it will be
sublime spectacle, almost worthy of the Divinity, to witness
the modern possessors of civilization and science, associated
for the purpose of imparting them to the descendants of those
from whomn these inestimable blessings originally sprung; thus
repaying a debt of endless gratitude !
The task I have undertaken would be left incomplete, were I
to omit tenting to your Committee with what heartfelt satis-
faction and strong feelings of gratitude the Provisional Go-
vernment and People of Greece heard of the Associations
th
•
net:3lz
:not
p,jrr
etgdo
exceeded
ventured
sur
rciedis
e.
ueg'.
ttr
el:
ciavi
ea,:
individuals,
success
sydisulc
yit
vrioo
means
edien
ot:atcpipi
an Association'
composed
lasisAGera:dtr
Marseilles,
cotkfl
iflsathet huas thateot
compared ,
existenceneAcS
which had been formed here before my departure for the
b
o
e
o
f
hfo ;l
ta
rioitohsrioooeltoicyhYaeiumtia
ofwdg
(though
hundreds
millionsnrooss
aeuu othern
population,og
hrtdef isaybnuhopyc woulda dt
ha
aifrcoc as sexes
ue
places.--
Sanguine been
st
to party distinctions or political animosities. Mrhile dwelling
on this pleasing topic, I even went so far as to add, that
Greece was destined to produce the miracle of uniting the
most discortatit elementa in the great and blessed work of
Christian charity. If I deceived myself,
and the Greeks are
disappointed, the fault does not surely rest with your Com-
mittee ; and whatever the final results of your efforts may be,
history will not have to record that resuscitated Greece appealed
to Er. land, as her natural friend and ally, without one solitary
hand being stretched forth either to sympathize with her suffer-
ings or co-operate in her regeneration !
London, Sept. 13, 1823. EDWARD BLAQUIERE. ,

The GnrEr. COIIMITTEE consider it their duty to give
immediatoTnblicity to the Report of Mr. ElsOlere, who is
just returned from Greece. They propose shortly to publish
further documents elucidating the state of the country; and,
as they hope, encouraging to the friends of thet most interest-
lug cause.
Greek Committej R.oatu, 13th Sept. 1823..
