TRADE.

Mr. LITTLETON presented a petition from the Staf-
fordshire Potteries, praying that the trade to China might
be opened. Ile called the attention of the House to a pas-
sage which stated that the petitioners considered that the
distress of the lower orders proceeded, not (torn the use of
machinery, but from the existence of monopoly.
Lord ALT/10Kr and Sir J. WftorrEauty supported the
petition, and lauded the conduct of the petitioners.
Mr. D. BROWN presented a petition from Galway,
praying that Roman Catholics might be put on the sane
footing with Protestants.

Lord ETIRINGTON presented a petition from the Scot
and Lot Payers of Taunton, complaining that all the inha-
bitants were not permitted to vote, but that the right t,a.t
claimed exclusively by a Mayor, twelve Aldermen, and a
limited number of freemen, of whom twenty-two only were
resident; and 1078 non-resident. The petitioners prayed
for Itetrrit: in Me representation generally, as mot as ire
their own particular case.
Mr. C. PELIIANI did not think all the allegations in
the petition were founded in fact.
The Bittin4 Member for Taunton suggested that the
petition should be withdrawn, as it bad a tendency to pre-
judge the case, awl he was now on the eve of a ballot.
Lord EBRINGTON said he would withdraw it if the
sense of the House was in favour of such a proceeding.
The SPEAKER said the Noble Lord should use his own

Lord EBRINGTON agreed to withdraw it for the
present.
On the motion of Mr. C. W. WYNN, the Rye appeal
petitiOn was ordered to be taken into consideration on the
704 of December. The lion. Member stated that the pe-
tition had now been six months on the table.
Mr. O'CONNELL presented a petition from the Roman
Catholic inhabitants of Galway, praying for equal rights.
Mr. JOHN WOOD supported the petition, and oh-
served, that he thought the object of those who petitioned
for a repeal of the Legislaiive Union (which would be in►
his opinion a most mischievous measure) was to bring
About a reform in the Irish Church, and he recommended
these persons to conic forward manfully, and petition for
that which they really wanted, and they would find many
English Members to support them. Be considered the
system of the Irish Church establishment required revision,
both as regarded expence and non-residence, and that it
was only in consequence of the Legislative Union that it
had been maintained up to the present time.

The CHANCELLOR of thN EXCHEQUER defended
the Irish Church, and stated that it never was in a better
state than at present. He denied that non• residence existed
to such an extent ar to be considered an evil, and he re.
ferret! to the proof which had been afforded of this on the
last occasion when the question was brought forward.
Colonel O'GRAI)Y supported the petition, but bore
witness to the exemplary conduct of the Ministers of the
Irish Church.

Mr. tIVAIE denied the accuracy of the 'statement made
by Lord Plunkett, that there were only 25 non4esident
clergymen belonging to the Irish Church, and gave notice
that he would move to-morrow for a Return of all the Non.
resident Clergy. He declared that the whole establish-
'tient required revision, and that whoever the Minister
might be, he must grant it. It could be no longer borne
that Clergymen, who had nn parishioners, should receive
law emoluments; or that such immense snots should be
paid to Churchmen. Whoever the new Minister might
be, he should be subservient to the wishes of the people,
and not attempt to rule them with a rod of iron.
Mr. RUTIIVEN highly landed the zeal, piety, learning,
and character of the Irish Clergy.
Mr. D. BROWNE observed, • that the Ilan. Member
who had just sat down mistook the purport of the obser-
vation% of the Ron.' Member for Middlesex, who had not
attacked the character of the Irish Church Establiehment,
hut had merely stated that he did not know what so many
Protestant churchmen could do in that country. Ile must
say that he concurred with the spirit of that Hon. Mem-
ber's observation.

Mr, RUTHVEN explained.
EDUCATION IN IRELAND.
Mr. O'CONNELL presented a petition from the Roman
Catholics of a parish in Mayo, praying that the grants
made fur the education of the poor in Ireland should be
distributed according to the original intention, so as to be
made to apply fur the benefit of the Roman Catholics as
well as Protestants.

Mr. D. 11ROWNE gave his cordial support to the Pe-
tition.

Mr. O'CONNELL, presented a petition from a parish
in the town of (3alway, stating the distress now felt in
Ireland, attributing that distress to the Union, and praying
For its repeal.

Mr. C. WOOD presented several
petitions against the
continuance of the system of Negro Slavery.
The Marquis of CUANDOS presented a similar pe-
tition from the inhabitants of linchingbani*
The Marquis of CHANDOS presented I petition from
the Protestant inhabitants of a parish in the town of Gal-
way, praying that the elective franchise in that twit might
be eqoalited.

NEW POLICE.
Sir R. WILSON presented a potitioo from the in)*.
bi4atkot St* Johote. Soutbrriuk. Npasit th• Prim! WI!

bliehment of the new Police. lie oleterVAl that they did
not cast any reflections on the conduct of the individuals
of the tees Police, for if they dial he should certainly find
himself compelled by Hit experience of the conduct of these
men, to disaent frum the petifionera, for as far as he had
hail any opportunity of observing the Edndirct of the new
Police, be believed that they generally perfOrtnti their
duty very well. The petitioners expressed an alarm at
the establishment of the Ptlive force, which they declared
to be unenostitutional. With that observation he did not
concur ; he had men ft rte ; he did not think that
thin establishment would endanger the iiirertles of the
people, especially in the times itt which w 6 lived. The
petitioners alto complained of the great expenee of the
estalali.hment, and Mated that they were charged an ad&
timed sum of 700/. on iteconnt trf it. lie was of opiitioe
that that wax the chief and the only reed came of corn
plaint against the establishment.
Sir It. PEElesaid that if he were now in office, and if
the subject of the new Police was new to be brought before
the House, in the shape or a general question, an fur the
appointment of a Committee for the tallrliose of consider-
ing the possibility of reducing the charge of the Police
establishment, he should nut have the slightest difficulty in
acquiescing in the appointment of that Committee. Ile
should support such a proposition, not because his eitpe-
tieuce of the new Police had in the least degree shaken hi.
conviction of the absolute necessity of such a force to late-
serve the peace and protect the lives and property of the
inhabitants of the metropolis, but because he shoull be glad
to have a public opportunity of examining every proeee,l-
- connected with the establishment, the ntole of annoiol-
ment,the arrangemeet, the real entount edit, expense, and
to compare each of these parts of the DM otablishment
with those under the prelim's system of the watch. He
should be glad of that opportunity to tin away with the gross
misrepresentations which interested persons now made with
respect to that force. If, therefore, it was the wish at
the House that a Committee of inquiry should he appointed
he should he most happy to second the, motion, in the
perfect confidence that the inquiry could only have the
effect of increasing the claims which the new Police were
now admitted to have on the public approbation and sup-
port.—( hear, hear. )_-Ile knew that many persons amorig
the people supposed that the bole object of a Police esta-
blishment wan to keep a watch upon individual houses.—
That wag a mistaken opinion. No Pa lice would ever he
capable of keeping a perpetual watch on individual houses,
nor could they afford complete establishment to property,
if the owners of the tenors themselves were not reasonably
careful in the preservation of their own property. Put it
should he remembered that within the last four or five
months, since the accession of his present Itinjenty, there
heti been on several occasions an immense congregating of
the people, and on each of those occasions the minuet
order sad regularity had been preserved. It was abso-
lutely necessary that Rome civil means of enforcing regu-
larity anal order should be at time disposal of the Govern-
ment on such occasions ; and as order must be preserved,
if those civil means did not exist, the only alternative
would be the employment of a large military force, and
consequently a correlative increase in the amount of the
Army Estimates. It he had been rightly informers, public
order and regularity- hail been family maintained ; and he
doubted whether evens one accident had happeued, not-
witionanding the immense numbers of people collected on
etch of Sloe occasions. With respect to the expense of
the new Police, he would not say whether part of the
charges of the emtablisliment ought not to be borne by the
country at large; but thin he believed, that if the charge
were only sixpence in the pound, not a wind of objection
would have been used respecting the unconstitutional nature
of the force. Ile feared, however, that the Committee if it
sat, would final it Impossible to defray the charge of the
etiablishment fur lens than was at present requited ; and if
only the local tax was paid, he believed it must be con-
tinued at tad. in the pound. If more than that was now
&mended by the pariah aethoritits, he would tell the
people from his place in that House that the law did not
allow of any such increased charge—(Beer, hear)—and
wheu he was told, as he had been, of 2s, aid. being de-
molded in the name of a Patties Rate, he answered that
such charge was illegal, and if he teas told that in any ease
the Overseers demanded that or any other sum beyond sal.
in the pound, he replied that the overseers bad no swim-
rity whatever to levy many sum beyond Hal. in the poured
on the amount charged to the county rec.—(ilean )
On 'het subject he knew there wan a great auietanderstarni-
:ng in the public mind, and he was araximas to correct it.
—fie feared, however, that even if u Committee should
be appointed, the result would show that they would be
unable to reduce the rate to a lower alumna than that
which he had now stated. He hoped that if the Com-
mittee was appointed, the members of it would enter into
an inquiry into every part of the financial arrangements
of the establishment—the Amount of the wages—the mode
of contracting—the condition of the., police—and then see
whether it would be possible to get an respectable and effi-
cient a body of men for a less sum than was now charged.
if they should think themselves able tat reduce the lute
sent charges, there was no man who would be more ready
than lie to concur with them on such rut object. The
chief objection at first made to the establishment wan, that
the amount of the wages was so small as not to erasure
respectability on the part of the persona employed. The
wages of the men were one guinea a week, subject to cer-
tain deductions for lodgings, and the, fear at first lad been
that meta so moderately paid would not prove respectable
and trustworthy. lie begged to observe that when he first
proposed the present Police. Establishment, be expressed
his hope that Parliament would always exercise a rigi-
Hent tomerintendance over the expense that might
Ihe required to maintain it. If eny mistouleretanding ex-
isteal in the public mind on the subject, let the. Committee
inquire into its cause, and Amy how it had originated, and
to what it might lee attributed. Ile declared, that unless
the Police Ernalalishment was well anal houttetly adaninia-
tered, instead eat ail advantage, it would he a curse, mad be
hoped that from time to time, Parliament would appoiut
ICommitteee—not for the purpose of weakening the conic-
' thence now felt in the New Police, but to consider whether
experience had stmggenteel the possibility of snaking any
improvement in the eittabliahment. With respect to the
recommendation to the parishes of any individuals whom
they considered fat for the office of Police-constables, lee
could only say, that if he hail not taken every recommen-
dation, it war not because he 'wished to fill all ties appoint-
ment* on recommendations from all quarters. Every
Gentleman who heard him, knew that the patronage his
office offered with respect in time New Police had not been
prostituted.---(Hear, hear,)--.-Instead of its being a favour
to recummend proper coca to situations in the New Police,
there was some ditlieulty. in lauding fit men who would
undettake the situation. Those parishes which had proper
men to' riOommend, would always find abet they could
have but little difficulty in getting thetu employed ; but
though he was willing to give every force to their recom-
mendation, las must Oita to placing the control!l in the
hand of the parishes; as, by PO doing, they would destroy
the advantage that now resulted front a consolidation of
the power of appointment sod management under one
heed department. The efficiency of the estebliehment
depended on that consolidation. At the tonne time he
thought that the head estebilshment ought always to be
ready to act in concert with the perishee—(!fear.)

Mr. WILKES observed, that something should be done
in order to put an end to the mistepresentations now ex-
isting on the'subject of the New Police. Ile agreed with
the Right Hon. Gentleman that it was moat expedient to
adopt come measure to get rid of the cause of their pre-
sent indubitable unpopolarity. lie recommended that a
Committee should be established—it would be received
with gratitude by the people, and it would be an act of
justice to the Police.
Sir IL PEEL gave notice that after the Christmas re.
ce a he would move for a full inquiry into the subject.
Ile repeated that he should move, this, not from any doubt
of the, excellence or efficiency of the New Police, but in
order to do than full justice by a complete inquiry into
the establishment, ,and by instituting a contrast between
them and the old watch,
Mr. HUME observed that he had recently received de-
putations from three perishes, and thty cdl concurred in
substance with the statement list made by the Right
Hon. Gentlemen as to the expediency of having a Com•
mitsee appointed on this subject. He thought that the i.
unpopularity under which the New Polies now laboured
wits founded an error. As to what harl been said about
the fort* being unconstitutional, he ditLnot agree with
the statement.—it wee not an unconstitutional
was a atanding imp —(Lond cheer" and laugh ter.)—The
objection as to a force being unconstitutional depended
apt so much on the force itself a. OA the amour lit which
it waa mintitined, amt on the paters of that coatreui

•
Mr. MABERIN 'thenked the Right lion. Gentlemen
for the manner is which fie bad expressed himself on this
itihject, and observed, that in addition to the evil of rates
pence, the establishment was defective on account of the •
want of concert between the bead office and the local au,
dimities. With rrapett to the expense, he did believe thet
some of the complaint* had been fostered by trier local
Nude, who, in the establishment of the New Police, had
been deprived of the INtigh pitron4ge. Ile hoped the
iloute would appoint a Peimnittee, and would thoroughly'
examine the subject.
Mr. WYS} eliteted to extending the expense ofporting the Metropolitan Police to the country at large.
Each district shoold pay its 0.411 local expenses., it was
in that warmer that the costentbulary force in Ireland was
imprint tel
Sir R. PERI, Observed, that the Mo. 'Alen'tber was
mistsken, since the expense cif the constabulary force in
Ireland wee not supported by local taxation alarm A
considtrable pert of the expetese of that eatablishment ,was
taken from the Consolidated Fund, lie would nets- refer '
spin lot Ono minima to that expense of the No Porten
establishment, In order to say, that by the-terms of tgo,
Act which he had Introduced for the establishment of the
New Police, an account weds to be laid before Parliament,
within thirty clays of its assembling, of the real amount
of the sums paid by each parish on ereount of the New
Police. That provision referred to the meeting of Porlia-
scent after Decernlorr--and, therefore, when Parliament
did again assemble, he should move for that account, with
the view of showing that the stuns stated to have been paid
for the New Police, bad not been really required fur that
purpose.
After a few words from Mr. WA R IiTOK, ••

Mr. PORTMAN deprecated the laying any tax t►n tlity
people of the country, for the support Of the Metropolitiol
Police. lie expressed his hope that the expellee of the
Dublin Constabulary Foree would nu hanger be paid out
the Consolidated Fund, but would Lettlefrayed by loyal •
taxation, in the mine manner 44 in London. The
in the western part of the metropolis were munch obliged
to the Right lion. Gentleman for the introduction of the
New Police, awl be believed that the investigations of the
Committee would satisfy the public that he had done it
real service to the country in its establishment.
The petition was then trail, and ordered to be printed. , •
The Marquis of CIIANDO moved for leave to bvii4
in a Bill to amend the laws relating to Game, and to lega«
lire the rale of it. lie stated that the Bill was neatly the
same at that which he introduced in the last Parliament,
and which he should have pissed through the House if lie
had been able to do so. lie would not diicusa the matter
farther now.

Mr. STUART WORTLEY said he ihotthi be happy
to give his support to the Bill, thiaigh, if it was the !ra tio!
as that iutrothseed last !iession, he toast say that he feareit
it would not go far enough.
Mr. DENETT eryrested his hope that the Noble Mar-
quis would lost sit) opportunity of pressing the Bill through
the I louse. _ .

The SOLItITOII-GENERAI, moved for leave to bring
in a Bill to amend a part of the law relating to powers.
Mr. CAMPBELL requested the !tight lion. Gentleman
to postpone his Bill until Ile could ing in A meitittre to ,
amend the low relating to powers generally..
The SOLICITOBAENERAI. replied, tint, his Rill
WM intended to remedy a particular evil, while lie left the
wider view of the subject to Commissioners on real vitt-
perty.—Leave given.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL moved the commitment
of the Administration of Justice Bill. --It was committed
accordingly ; and, after a few words front Mr. Joust:, the.. -
rept rt was brought up, and it was ordered that it should •
be received to.dontrotrr• ,
The following petitions were prreented against slevety
the'in OO 11111441:—By Lord STA NtAlr, front Maceles-
Id, and North Minima ; by Mr. Joust .Mitatritt, hoot
Tewkesbury ; and Lout (itoit‘s: Cavesintan, front a
town in Derbyshire.
The Marquis of CIIANDOS brought in a Bill to con •
solid:de and amend the laws relating to garne.—it was
rend a first time, and the second reading fixed tor the 811th
instant.

Mr. WARBURTON, on behalf of Mr. flume, gave
notice of a motion for to-morrow, for returns respecting

the office of Mender of the Roll', &e.

Mr. lIOIIIIOUSE withdrew h►e motion, which stood
fur to•morruw, relating to the affairs of Belgium. In the
prevent mate of the Government, be obeerved, that it was
iurix►asible to bring it on with advantage.
Lord E. SOMERSET prvwnted a petition from the
woollen manufacturers of Gloucester, Against the payment
of wages by truck.
Mr. ROBINSON preeented a petition, with the same
prayer, from the retail traders of Worcester. The Ilan.
Member expressed himself adverse to the truck system,
hut wished the subject to be examined by a Committee be-
fore a Bill was introdured.

Mr. O'BRIEN gave notice,that won after Christmae he
would move (or Itt4TO to bring in a Bill to enable
in Ireland to provide for the relief of their poor by volun-
tary contribution'.
Mr. RUTH E'EN gave notice, that he would to-morrow
move fur an account of the fete, &r., in. the Conoibtory

Court of Ireland, fro►n the year 1t426 to the year I tBO.
The other Orders of the Day were then disposed of, and

the Houle adjourned.

THE EmpLiatt AT IsIONIE.--The work
thus denominated has, like the other productions of the
nobleman to whose pen it has been attributed, mat with
great success. The principal narration '(4 there are
three in the volumes) Is entitled " Birth ;" and its object'
is to show the effete on a high spirited youth, of the peen-
liar system of education marked nut for him by his Wier,
a Peer of the present school. The reader who may net
yet have met with this 'very remarkable story cannot an.
ticipete the nature of these scenes in the interior of what
is called 44 dignihd life," which in so marked a Manner
distinguish the tale from other*, of its
THE EXACT COACIINIAN.--.-The late leader
of the Northern Circuit woe employed, some time before
he left it, in an action against the proptietors of the Roeli-
ingliam coach. On the part of the defendant the coach-'
man was called. His examination in chief being ended,'
he war subject to the lesdees ertio-raentinhtfln.---
Having held up the fore-finger of his right bend till,
1.
witness, and warned hitti to give " atprecut,t Stlallvf .„!A
every question, and not talk about what he iniett think'
the question miant, its proitteded the a:—" You dritie
Rockingham coach ? "--" No, Sir, I dC n0t....." Why,
man, did you not tell my learned "
friend so this moment?"
No, Sir,4 did n0t."....." Now, Sir, I put it to you
once more; upon rear oath, do you not drive .the Hook,:
Ingham coach P "—" No, Sir, I drivi Me hor4eihtt

NI R. AB .-ERNET4iY'S COURTSITIP..-It IS tom
that while attending a lady for urea, weeks, hv oburred
thou admirable tittalifiestiens in her daughter, whith he
truly esteemed to be calculated' to render the married state
hippy. Accordingly, on a Saturday, when taking leave
of his patient, ha addressed her to the following purport 1
;:foltnoduayanratitzwvishonwelli,
shod come
clompote
slinallOp‘tl.ll:4;xlYlulfy tell;
well visit But, jo the MO tiara I wiih"you and your
daughter itericusly to onneitler the propoul I am now
about to make. It i* abrupt and uticerttrionioutt, I Arn
aware, but the excessive occupation of my time,' by my'
professional duties, affords me no leisure to ticcompli*h
what I duke by the more ordinary course otattention
and aolicitation. My annual receipts amount to 4-,
and i can settle X.......... on my wife ; may character la
generally known to the public, so that you may rti.d ly
ascertain what it is ; I have teen in your datiglitei a
tender and affectionate child, an assidious and care ful
aA6Bllll:ocdrhnseld'iloyffe4Pl:l::"mhatieyuPhmillaunteld:etliatinptil
sfoahlktirlatilu: tn-,lleieutcatrth)lyeleuroululab4:eccentriL°tfean4,ll4uctieltitiTtit):vOixteY;.!l ,
~
,i,
for I really have not the for the routine cat cmtitttlp."4,,, a'..,
In tills humour the lady teas WOped 4,01,w4110 fel wo
believe we may arid the anion has brettgeficitilholk oIY '
respect, —Natimsal Po-trait Oallory tit itirrillOrtsq
tt
Zaintrat 410-mnatio, 7,-- iik ,‘,- 1

r.

~.~~`

Y

,

~,
•k

L•'XPItESS FROM PARIS.

(From the Times.)

We have just received the following by express
CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES, Nov. 17.
TRIAL. OF TOR EX-StINISTERS.
" The.sitting opened at one o'clock.
" M. Anisson Duperron developed a proposition
he roads to the Chamber in one of the preceding
sittings. The Hon. Member wished that a Com-
mission should be named to inquire into the means
of encouraging industry and commerce, and con-
sequently of increasing the revenues of the State.
" M. Duvergier de I-laurunne—l rise to bppose
the proposition. There is one thivig that might
have deluded us, but as that thing is very obscure,
I hoped that some development of the Doti. Mem-
ber would furnish satisfactory explanations; how-
ever, such has not been the case. The system of
Our Hon. Colleague attacks our customs, but I am
of opinion that his own system cannot be adopted,
Besides, his proposition is quite. untoward at a mo-
ment when we have hardly emerged from a most
important crisis, and if you were to listen to it fa-
vourably, no less than 1,000,000 men would soon
be deprived of their daily labour, for one commerce,
apprehending the introduction of foreign merehan-
disc, would refuse to employ their workmen as they
do at present ; a general state of confusion must
erlsues es every article of our code would be put it)
Jeopardy . ,
Tracy---It' may perhaps appear rather
prqs'Mptuous to support the taking the proposition
?sofa consideration, but I do not think, like the
Hon. Member who has just spoken, that a general
state of confusion must ensue. Certainly do
system of our tuxes would .require a total change,
and our Colleague finitely requires a simple inquiry
on the subject. 'rho Commission would tinve only
to endeavour to devise a better systein of finances.
and Ido not think that any pernici:ius result could
ensue; in consequence I vote for the preposition.
M. de St. Cricq wits of the opinion of_the lion,
Member, and voted the taking the proposition into
conNitieration.
Et Two or three Members spoke for or against the
propositions, but the noise of the Chamber pre-
vented them from being heard, and the proposition
was finally rejected by a large majority.
Three new Deputies were then sworn, and after
their reception the Chamber proceeded to the ex-
amination of the question relative to the nomination
or two Commissioners charged with prosecuting the
acensation of the ex-Ministers.
" M. Eus6he Selverte—ln impeaching the ex-
Ministers you have entered a new career; every
step you had to take eras quite newl you had to
regulate the present, to Create the future ; you have
at the same time begun the trial, and enacted the
lain, in consequence of which the Ministerial re-
sponsibility will cease to be a mere word; you have
aecompliehed this task to its utmost extent; in line,
you have named , the Commissioners charged with
prosecuting the ttial in our names ; rill is accom-
plished, the trial and the accused are both out of
your power, on less thou the accusers themselvie.,
Two of our colleagues, whom you had named Corn-
missioners, have not been of the same opinion, in
consequence of it having become necessary to res
tkeethem. They pretend that tl,ey ought also to
s übmit to a re-election as. Commissioners; but as
they were named to prosecute the imPenehment to
the end of the trial, their demand seems devoid of
onridation

" Al. Berrycr—f caneot be of the same opinion ;
my sentiment is entirely free from any private Co.n
sideration. The question is not to know whether
the Commissioners ought to be re.eleeted, but you
must remember that tech of your acts in the pre-
'lent trial will be considered as a precedent by our
successors, if occurrences of it similar nature should
take piece., in order to ascertain if it it necessary
to re-elect the Commismioners, I suppose that the
climber 14" diS4OIVO4 ; certainly in such is ease the
proceedings ought to be suspended. )ndeed, in a
Coninitantwell Matestelly the Crown may always
interfere; it may phone itself between the accused
wed a Chamber deluded by blind hatred.--(relive.)
Thu Crown has the right to dissolve the Chamber,
and to the new Chamber would belong the right of
examining the accusation, end the poxsibility of buil-
roiling it before the other Cluanber.—(At the ex-
treme left, Oh, oh r)
" This hypothesis being thus 'resolved, it is evi-
dent that dig two Commissioners having momeota-
rily relinquished their filmdom; es deputies, they
ought to submit to a new re-decliop as Commissioners.
The discuseiOn continued at ten minutes past
four."

(V ram the Times erivitteCorreppodent,)

PAIt W DN Win AV EVENING.

No attention is st this moment to be paid to the
changes- in the French Ministers, for every thing is
provisional. Marshal Sriult will be Minister st War,
to the roam of 'General Gerard, who will, for the
moment, have the seids tor Foreign Affairs, all the
actual business of which office is at present trot).
eacting in London by Prince Tantrum). The ex-
isting administration will only remain in the Cabinet
to conduct the trial of the Ex-Ministers that business
Once over, M. Cassimir Perrier and his friends, who
repreeent the moderate party in France, will guide
the helm of public affairs. The King has pressed
hard for their present assistance in ()Mee, but they
have refused his solicitations, although they avow
their readiness, to give him their best advice urinal.
cially.
The pt ocee,tliogs of the commission for .conclueting
the preliminary process against the Ex-Ministers are
this week continued daily, and it is thought that Ow
report will,be prepared in about a fortnight. The
burningain Normandy are at this moment under their
iiiriniry. Yesterday • they bad before them a girl
under twelve years of age, who wag examined at
greet length relative to these conflagration!. She was
tbrougheut the latter part of the interrogation much
agitated, and convulsed with tears. The examination
is strictly private.

(From the Morning lieralin

We have .just received, by an extraordinary Ex-
press, the Paris Papers of Wednesday, anti the Ga.
retie tie Prance fttat -lifesoivel' der Chamarei of
Thursday. The Meitager contains nothing worth
extracting. 13y the same conveyance we tae for.
visited with letters from our Corresporelents in Paris.

(From the Gazelle de France of Thundey )

'Yesterday the King gave a special audience to
the Count de 'relleyrand.
ilk Majesty also received r the Count Giulia, the
Spanish Ministet.
The King, the Queen, and Millie tilOrleatis, have
signed the marriage contract of Kb, Vailerd, the
King's Procureur for Corheil, with Mdlle Ange,
igue Petit«
ttis Majesty received, in a special audience, the
Minister (M. Treitlinger) of the f..4iatid Puke of
Mecklenburg-Strelitz, upon his arrival to this Court.
M. Treitlinger was accompanied and presented
by Marshal Meison, the Minister mid Secretary of
State for Foreign Affairs, who afterwards intro.
duffed-Trim to the Queen and the Princesses of the
itoial
'Marshal Soult has been appointed Minister of
War, to replace Marshal Gerard, who retires in
consequence of ill,health.

(From the Afonigeur of Wedooday. )

An atlas, of the fortifications of France was
*flared to the Duked'Angeulerne by the Committee
of Fortifications of the Minister of War. Tina
work, which was of cite utniost impoitence, baying
horn left hy that !Prince in the hands of Lieut.-
General (Mama, he undertook to restote it, tit the
tequila of Masahai Gerol, the Minister of War.
Inns atlas was subsequently deposited in, the depot
of fortifirationo,

(From the (onotitutionniti c4C Weitneerisy.)
M. Argeult has been appointed I:kiinieterof Maine.
The proprietors of the folio vittg jourriele, the
'hoar Comnieree,. Cohstitutionnet,
Journal des Debati, La Fianre Ara.

t;onal,Quotidienne, Lc 'Amps, to Pribunc, and the
Messager des Chambres, had a meeting this morn-
ing, at which they declared the utter impossibility
of continuing their establishments with the present
excessive imposts which were laid upon them. They
entertained a hope of being 'able to induce the
Chamber of Ike a to accept their remonstrance, as
it was on the eve of &cussing the resolution
adopted by the Chamber of Deputies. if this ex-
pectation should be dtsappointed, they would find
themselves cbtiged to, require an increase of sub-
script!on from their readers.

News has reached thyontine that Ourrea was
forced to make his retreat into Praunce through the
valley of lrun. .is said with respect to
Vigo, who wat7 tithing in concert with him, and had
lately passed the frontiers with 300 men, both
French and Spaniards.

(From the Herald Private Cormspodent.)

EMS, Nov. 17.
Tioursey thaf-past Pour.—This h►►s been a very
fluctuating. day on 'Change. The Five per Cents
opened at Mr, 50e., and have closed at the same.
The Three per Cents opened at 11M. 15c., and
dosed at 641. 80,, The itentes Perpetuelles
opened at 644 ; the closing price was 56.
There is no news to-day. The Ministerial arrange-
ments mentioned in my letter of yesterday will, I
have the best reasons for believing, take place. This
is all that need be said on the subject.
The weather continues to be fine and mild, the
people are kept tolerably well employed, and the
price of bread is kept doWn to 16k 800 (about 8t1.)
for the loaf of 41b. ; still there is much distress felt
arming, the lower classes. The shopkeepers are
doing nothing, and the merchants.and manufacturers

worse than nothing—muking had debts, or wollting
at n

While the Priests, and the Crosses erected by the
Jesuits, *are the objects of popular attack, the
Parisians, never celebrated for religious or serious
propensities, helve taken it into their heads to be-
come enamoured of a new religion, foUnded by a
Colonel S. Simon, All j recollect about this
person is, that be was a Colot:el in the old army;
that about the year 1816, ho wrote a tract, recom-
mending his own views of religious matters, which
Was translated into English here. I read it at the
time, but unhappily could not understand it. I re.
collect, however, that he advocated confession—not.
to Priests, but among the elect—to each other. I
forget whether his book contained, among its other
precepts, a recommendation of suicide. I know,
however, that he finished it by blowing out his brains.
A grand reunion of his disciples, or followers, is
to take place at their Temple in the Rue Taithaut
to-night, where I shall take care to attend, and will
Write you, should there be any thing worth commu-
nicating on the subject—l mean should any of the
Votaries imitate the last act of their great model,
(tad " consummate the sacrifice," as he very prettily
termed it. So much for religion; now for lighter
matters.

The Ministers ure at war with the Press. While
you, in England, traesmit your newspapers free,
through the Post-office, the internal postage duty
on each. Journal in France is heavy. This subject will
be very warmly debated.
The Court and the stage are also " in presence of
each other," so that we are not entirely without oc-
cupation. While all remembrance of Napoleon is
deprecated by the Generals whom he raised (with
objects easily divined), the theatres continue to re-
present scenes ham his life, and with a success
Which proves that, even without building churches,
the memory of a great man may outlive him for a
longer space than Hamlet would deem wonderful,
The best of those dramas is that at the Porte St.
Martin, the doors of which theatre are besieged
every day by four o'clock, notwithstandiog' the
piece has been represented nightly during several
weeks. Apropos of Buonaparte.
Some attempts are said to have been made by the
exiled Bourbons lately to excite uneasiness here 'by
reports that the pretensions of Napoleon the Second
were about to
,be supported by Austria. Those re-
ports were, of course, without foundation, but the
mention of them, if they were not absolutely fabri-
cated for the purpose, gave the Journals an oppor-
fortify for recommending strict watch to be kept
over the Priests. The alarm has spread throughout
the department. We !mire had lately a public re-
4ammendation' (through the columns of a Paris
journal) to tho police, to watch Vendome, where'
B.oyalist meeting's take place frequently; and a
Journalist in the must remote part of. France cries
" Beware 1 , The Swiss soldiers of the Garde
Boyale are re-entering Frauce, at the suggestions of
the holy Fathers (who have taken refuge in Swit-
zerland), to re.eonquer it for the Bourbons and
Jesuits."

This is a rather long digression—to return to the
Boonapertean spectacles, now so much the rage in
Paris.

This species of entertainment being beneath the
dignity of the Theatre Francais, that classic este-
blislunent k deserted, the people having the had
taste to prefer a brief memoir of their former idol to a
heavy tragedy, " as in the best it is," drawled out in
lengths" of 250 lines each, by he dullest of all
parrots in the world—the tragedians of the Theatre
Francais.
The military gout of the Parisians is thus sustained
or perpetuated. The toys of a Parisian child are the
drum, trumpet, lance, sword, pistol, and gun. ills
costume the grand icmiv of the Garde Nationale,
horse, foot, or artillery ; or the. jacket, trousers,
vague, and. cuirass, of the grosse cavalerie. The
theatrical entertainments preferred by the Parisian
children, when more rent ure, are the military achieve.
mews of the " braves," and these are admirably re-
presented at the minor theatres. The piece, how-
ever, which best pourirays the " life of a French
'soldier," is the Conscript, at the Cirque Olympique.
An old farmer and hie son enter the circus on

horseback, end, after riding fur a few minutes to-
gether, during which the sire appears to be inculcate
Mg certain sage precept* on his blubbering- compa-
nion, stops suddenly, presses him to his breast
kisses each cheek, blesses him, and gallops off!.
The youth is in the garb of a peasant, with the
rihanda and cockade of a conscript. lie is encum-
bered with sundry wallets surd baggage—presents
from his family, no doubt. Ile rides slowly along,
for some time, weeping end disconeolates--takes a
letter from his bosom—reeds—kisses k—reads it
again ;—seems struck with some new thought, and
gives the epistle to the winds. He rids himself, in
succession of his baggage. He starts on his feet.
His horse begins to trot, and,finally to canter, when
his peasant's dress fails off, and he appears in the
first clothing of a conscript, He is, no doubt,
charged with the drudgery of the mess kitchen, for
he takes out a saucepan, which he fastens to the
saddle (the horse now in full gallop); he eubse-
queetly produces a knife, with which he peels and
cuts into the saucepan carrots, tornips, and other
, vegetables ; makes and reasons soup ; tastes'
and serves it. He then goes through the
awkward drill of a recruit, but, improves every
instant. He receives, a musket, and attempts to
tire with some laughable gaucheries, but acquits him-
self so well, that his conscript's clothing disappears,
and he displays the French grenadier (of a regiment
of the line) in full costume, with belts, pouch, sword,
musket, and bayonet. n this character he also
distinguishes himself, and, in consequence, a new
transformation takes place, when he becomes gte.
nether of the Guard. Rao he pine further pro-
motion, and you see him cast *Way his musket and
became an officer of the same corps. In this ca-
pacity he holds the tri-coloored standard; is at-
tacked, and with his Sabre successfully defends it,
The chins of the audience have not yet,ceased
when his grenadier's cap, his regimentals, end sash.
fall oil. An old cocked hat alludes his brow, and a
blouse (smock frock) hangs loosely on his manly
limbs; his sword becomes a sickle, and the drapeuts
a evade. lie is, in feet, the " &Mai Lohoraur."
lie works and digs until his time is come. The
implements fall from his hands, and that blouse from
Iris periofi; old be appeats h vihatihelitegeTinhf

fly permission of the Lord Chambcrlain.
THEATRE ' TOTTENHAM-STREET.
°whiff to the Nightly Overflow of this Douse consequent on the
Pertormar,ce of the LORD OF 1111.; MANOR unit DoN
GIOVANNI. those Piece, will bc,repeated THIS EyEN Nt;:,
when

MADAME VESTRIS
Will again appear as Annette and Don Giovanni.'
This Evening, FRIDAY, Novernlhl the 191 h, 1830,
Will be perfOnned a Musical Entertulotnent founded upon the

LORD OF THE MANOR.
Sir John Contrast, Mr. W. Vining; Young Contrast, Mr.
Forrester; Rashly, Mr. Munro; Rental, Mr. Bedford; IA
Nippy, Mr. Chapman; 'Fillmore (with Songs), air. Melrose;
Ralph, Mr. Cooper; Serjeant Sash, Mr. Brougham; Corporal
Drill, Mr. Manor; Corporal Snap, Mr. !,tarry; Uttnlinueris
Peasants, &c. /te.

Annette—MADANlE VESTBIS,
Who will introduce, in addition to the original music, the
Popular Songs of
"Ripe Gentle Moon," anti " The Dashing White Serieaut."
Moll Piriggon, Mr. Marshall; Sophia, Miss Langley;
PeggvMiss A ppihn,
Atter which a (;rand musical Entertainment, celled
DON GIOVANNI.
Leporello, Mr. Marshall ; Tinuikin, Mr. Porde • Deputy
lish, Mr. Munro; Pluto, Mr. Itanoc; Mercury, 'Mr. Browne ;
Charon, Mr. Brougham; Flredrake, Mr. Pyne ; Popinjay, Mr.
F. Cooper; Sponge, Mr. Brougham; Drainemdry, Mr. Melrose;
Porte, Mr. Chapman; Simkins_, Mr. Cooper ; Counsellor, Mr.
Milton; the Drunken Colder, Mr. W. Vining.
Giovanni—MADAME VESTRIS,
Who will, In addition to the original music, introduce
" The Banners of Blue !"

- ,
Proserelne Miss Doyle ; Mrs. Leporello Miss Knight; Miss
Constantia QUixotte,Miss Langley ; Mrs:Deputy English, Miss
:Hoyle; Mn.s Dritinemdry, Miss Foresyth ; 11Irs. Nulls, Miss
Thomas ; Succubus, Miss Greener ;, `lartanis, Miss Knight ;
Mrs. :irnititis,Mrs. Weston ; S'qualling Fan Miss AiOltm
The whole to conclude with a Musical Ent'ettainmetit rpihd
MASTER'S RIVAL.
The Characters as before.
To-morrow—A new Musical Entertainment, milledi TIIE
STRATAGEM.

Mihe Seymour, (with Songs), Madame. VESTRIS.
The other principal Characters by Messrs. W. Vining rotes.
ter, Cooper, Brougham, Ferde, Browne, &c. &O. Mrs. Weston,
Miss Moyle, Miss Langley, &c. DON 610 VA NI4I Doti
Giovanni, Madame Vestris. And other Entertainments.
MONDAY,—(first Tithe in this ('oiintry)—An entire New
Operatic Drama, in Three Acts, called ERA Di AVOLO; or,
The Brigand Chief f 'idle Music Composed by Auberl and pm.
;Itieed under the direction of L. Zethini. The new Scenethhy
Messrs. Morrie and Brougham, The principal Character by
Madame Vestric
A New rntettainment, called THE STRATAGEM ; or an
Exquisite at Vault, will be produced To.rnortow. The principal
part by Madame Warts.

cant The thing is not more prepo§.
tenni than presumptuous. Even the KING can
only guarantee places during his own life-time
—and does the Duke arrogate a posthumous
prerogative exceeding that of MAJESTY itself ?
The thing is a calumny too malicious even for the
" Whig Attorney's" own endurance—though the
Press could forget, and the public forgive.
It is a i; libel" perfect in all its parts, but
wanting that principal, though anomalous, in-
gredient—truth—to make the rule absolute.

In the majority and minority on the question
tithe Civil List, which we published yesterday,
and a portion of which appears in The Sun of
to-day, our readers will not fail to perceive the
amazing difference in point of intellect that
exists between the two divisions. The majority
includes the names of almost every Member in
the House eminent for his Statesmanlike qua-
lities ; the minority—with the exceptions of Sir

It• PEEL, deservedly respected for his habits of
business, and Mr. CROKER, for his Milesian
modesty—consists of men whose talents, could
the whole be concentrated in the person of one
individual, would be found wholly insufficient
to supply even that one with the ordinary
requisites of a Statesman. We hazard little in
asserting that a more imbecile minority was never
heard of. We had thought it morally and mime-
rically impossible'that such a vast mass of Bosotian
dullness could have been found in a public as-
sembly consisting only of a few hundred
viduals ; but the unparalleled division in ques-
tion has completely baffled our calculations.

We now see our error, and hasten to repair it.
And yet these are the men to whose enlightened
guardianship the destinies of Great Britain were
to be entrusted ! These are the pilots
who were to steer the State vessel through
seas encompassed with quick-sands—white with
breakers—bristling with rocks—while the storm
was at its height, and all the winds of
Heaven were roaring round them We tremble
to think what would have been the situation of

the country, had these men continued longer to
direct it by the influence of their votes. We

tremble to think of the anarchy that would have
ensued—the blood that would have been shed—
the fathers that would have wept the loss of
sons—the sons that would have avenged the loss
of fathers. Even as it is, the kingdom, from
one end to the other, is in a state of convulsive
agitation. Kent and Sussex are literally frantic
with despair; Lancashire is restless ; Devonshire
and Yorkshire, unanimous in their repugnance
to a certain eminent Divine, whose name, from
motives of tenderness and delicacy, we forbear
from mentioning, are thinking how they can
best rid themselves of the infliction ; Cum-
berland is clamorous, discontented, and dis-
trustful. What, then, we repeat, would have
been the state of these great counties—in a word,
what would have been the state of the whole
kingdom, had the Duke of WELLINGTON and
his tail continued longer at the helm ? The
question suggests its own answer. Luckily for
all who have au interest in the .preservation of
the Constitution, a sunny prospect is at hand.
A new Ministry is on the e%e of its comple-
tion, under whose beneficent auspices we may
expect soon to see the starving labourer, the tax-
"ridden `agriculturist, the equally oppressed ma-
nufacturer relieved of the load that now bows
them to earth. A reform in the legislative
system—in the game laws—in the corn mo-
nopoly—in the law of libel—in the assessed
taxes—in the colonial slavery system—and
even in the civil and criminal code, so far as
regards the attainment of speedy justice ;
these are among the very earliest acts that
we have a right to look for in the new Mi-
nistry. Thus pledged—they shall have our
bumble but most zealous support. Measures,
not men, as we observed a few days since, are
the objects of our scrutiny. Of the distinctions
of party we know nothing. Whig—Tory—
Liberal—all are alike to us. We acknowledge
DO party but that of the country ; no cause but
that of the people ; no reform but that which
conduces to public, not private good. In the
strictest—proudest—and most comprehensive
sense of the term, we may say that we are in-
dependent, nullius addielus jurare in verba
Magistri."

We earnestly request that the reformers of
every city, town, and borough throughout the
United Kingdom, mill take the very earliest op.
portnnity of meeting to petition on the subject
of the one engrossing question. They may de.
pond on it that nothing will be done effectually
unless they themselves put their shoulders to
the wheel, and assist their intelligent advocates
in either House of Parliament. Meanwhile,
not a moment, we can assure them, is to be lost.
Thu Borouglnongers, like men driven to des-
peration, and consequently formidable in their
fury, are every where making the most Hercu-
lean exertions to oppose Reform. These men
reeistalt e,thatthatey arcthtied'
retreat islitre be
impossible, as6and w ithat'
consequently their.only chance of safety lies in
the firmness and energy of their oppositidn. Let
them only he met with equal spirit on the part
of the reformers, and these latter cannot fail to
be triumphant.

By private accounts from Lisbon, we learn
that preparations' were making for celebrating the
Coronation of pon Illtatm., 'Which Was to take
place as soon as it was officially announced
that he had been ' acknowledged by 'England,
Austria, and, Russia.. This event was to
be followed by an amnesty, and all the Tri-
bunals and the Judges,' before whom cause,
for political opinions are brought, have re..
calved order. to transmit 'to the High Court of
pardons, minutes of the.' several proceedings.
The army of the provincial volunteers, who have
been sent to 'the frontiers of Galicia, still con
firmed. Several regiments of militia had tra-
versed this country in Succession, without ifs
being known rho WAS tlitir destination.or object.
Our own opinion is that Don IVltotriv ii

rather premature in his preparations—for the
happy change which has, taken place in the
Councils of, E►lfland wilt bode no good to his
usurping predilections. An honest English
Ministry will never acknowledge a man who has
no claims to the throne, but those of a perjured
usurper and a merciless tyrant. We trust
that the foreign policy of England will not
henceforth be such as will raise the
blush of indignation and regret on the cheeks
of her sons in every country of conti•
nental Europe. To be respected abroad, Eng-
land must maintain a character of probity at
home. The days of METTERNICEI and the
" Holy Alliance" are, thank Heaven, gone with
" Aberdeen atva

The following are extracts from German,
Dutch, and St. Petersburg!: Papers, received
this morning : _ _

CARIARUHR, NOV. 10.

Yesterday evening, at eight o'clock, the marriage of his
Royal Highness Prince Gustavus of Wasa and her High-
ness Princess I.ouisa Amelia Stephanie of Baden was cele-
brated in the Grand Ducal Palace, in the presence of the
Grand Duke and his family, and the Princess Amelia and
Cecilia of Sweden,--of the Prince of Furstenberg, and the
chief Civil and Military Officers.

NANNY,
_Nov. 8.

The following notice has been published :--
In order completely to. attain the object which his
Royal Highness the Elector proposed by the amnesty
which he was pleased to grant on the 20 ult., we ac-
quaint the public, by these presents, that thy criminal, tri-
bunal of ibis city has decided, in consequence of this am-
nesty, that the judicial proceedings will not he eon-
tinned which were set on foot in consequence of the de.
struction of the_ Custom-houses and Stamp-office.

" THE SENATE OF THE CITY."
" Hansa, Nov. 8."
A SUMBA CH, NOV. 9.
Her Highness the Princess of Leiniragen was this morn-
ing atfely delivered of a son.

AIRINENOIN, Wciv,

The Deputies of the several parts of the country mot
here on the Slut October, for the Awembly of the States,
which opened on the let of November. The generous ef-
forts of our Duke, united with those of an Assembly so
well composed, promise to be very advantageous to the
country.

SWITZRAT.AND, NOV. S.
On the 30th of October the General Council of the
Canton of Tessin discussed, in a secret sitting, the report
of the Committee on the complaints and demands of the
Commissioners of Sardinia and Lombardy. M. Tinelli,
the Sardinian Commissioner, had merely given his ere.
dentials, but joined with M. Tirzi, the Commissioner of
Lombardy, whose language is more threatening. The
Austrian troops on the frontiers are becoming more
numerous, but it is not supposed that there is at present
any ground for alarm. The complaint against the Canton
of Tessin is still involved in obscurity ; the citizens, how-
ever highly praise the dignified and firm conduct of the
Swiss Commissioner.

All reform* in the Constitution which have latterly
been brought forward in Switzerland proceed rapidly. The
Great Council of the Canton of Zurich, which has been
convoked to an extraordinary meeting on account of exist-
ing circumstances, resolved unanimously on the Sd of
November, after a calm discussion of two day* and a half,
that the necessary improvements in the Constitution shall
be deliberated and drawn up by the Little Council, and
laid before the Great Council in an extraordinary sitting.
It is full of confidence in the inhabitants that they will
never deviate from the cuuree of legal order.
VIENNA, Nov. 8.---Fuur per Cents., SO ; Bank
Shares, 994,

IT. PZTIMSBUAGH, OCT. 31.
According to accounts from Twer of the gtitb, hie Ma.
jest), the Emperor was in perfect health, and received
daily accounts from Moscow of the sanitary state of that
city. He also received reports from all the other Govern-
ments, and sent whenever it was necessary orders and
directions.

According to reports from New Tcherkask of the Ilth
Oct., 1,334 persons had died of the cholera up to that
day in the country of the Don Cossacks, 438 had re-
covered, and 20 remained sick. In New Teherkask there
were up to that day 614 sick, 19¢ recovered, 418 died,
and five remained sick. In general the disease has nearly
ceased in all parts of that territory.
At Nishna Novogorod up to the 13th Oct., 554 patients
had been brought into the hospitals, of whom 189 had
recovered, 1,346 died; in the private houses, 75 had died
out of 208. Here, too, the sickness wail diminishing,
and it was hoped that it would soon erase. At Moscow,
up to the 25th of October, 2,441 persons had been at-
tacked by the disorder, of whom 1,175 died. On the
27th there were in all 1,162 sick, of whom 231 were
expected to recover.

.NOVXMBER I.—The Emperor, by en Ukase of the 10th
Of October, dated from Moscow, and addressed to the
Directing Senate permit, the ezportatiOn duty free of Rus-
sian coin, of gOld, silver, and pletina, through all the
enstom.houses of the frontiers of Europe and A►ia by
which travellers pan.. All sums must be, declared under
a penalty of 10 per `tent. 'The exportatioa of copper-
Coin remains prohibited till further eiders.

His Majesty has ordered a new coinage of platin4, be-
sides the pieces of three and six rubles ; the new pieces to
be worth 12 rubles weighing nine solotnike 68-96,
and to be of the same dimensions as the silver ruble.
Nov. 3.—T]p to the let of November, 1,421 ships ar-
rived at Cronstadt ; siiled 1,295.

Ills Majesty the Emperor arrived on theist of October
at Czarskosiselo.

Tas 11A111.114 Nev. 16.
On the 13th, Prince Frederick reviewed, part of the
army at Prinsenhage, &s. His Royal Highness was
much pleased with the fine appearance of the troops, and
distributed a great number of military rewards.
SECOND CHAM111:11 OF THE STATES-GENERAL.
A law relative to the redemption of the debt was adopted
by a maigity of 40 to 7.

Actual Debt, 11111TRIIDLN, ?WV. 16.
24 per cent. ....... 40 to 404
j)eferred ditto ..., li_to 1346
Amort Syndic, 44, per cent.. .......
I)itto, ditto ,• 34 per eent........... .. 52% to 63
Exchange on London
Two months ll 92 0.10 to 11 90
.sttnnt.zauac, Nor. 12.
The English General Dough's . Went by the stesm-hOst
to ItUtterdiun, on his return 'from Antwerp to the Hague.
Two
.thousand fuur hundred men are reedytP
armed, Jti
Witli6re 11, and3,ooo in SOuth itoveland, M join the mi-
litary in the garrisons and the militia in repelling soy
attack by the insurgents,

• T
DOWNFALL or NAPoLnox.—The events
which arrested Na routox's progress towards universal
entpire,, 'and, hurled hiM from the 'highest pinned* of
power into solitary exile anti captivity, will for ever form
"one of the grandest eptichi in the annals of the world.
iPerhaps no person was so eminently qualifiedly his diplo-
mstic and military` situations to, relate these events with
:spirit and fidelity, as the Marquis of LONI/OXDXItIY, who
took so active a share in the gloriotts campaigns of 1813
,:and 1814. On these accounts his Narrative of the Wan
in Gerinsiti-potisresee peculiar- cliiMs on the -attention of
the statesman, the soldier, the politician, and the histo.
rian, and must form one of the most valuable records that
our tiones'can bequeath to posterity.

Yesterday (Monday), while'an attorney, well
known in this city, eras passing along the Quaytlir the
Four Courts, he was met by a county Mayo gentleman,
and after some 'words between klite partite, the attorney
was knocked down by the Connanghtman, who at theocrat
time told him he was " a liar and a rascal." The affair
is said taint already in the hands of the lawyers,.:—Doblin
Morning nigister.

•The -observations of A itIaTOTLZ, that his.
tory-hest derelopet the character of a nation, is sadly ve-
rified by the present condition of Italy; de ceded even be
low Turkey in the scale of civilized- nations. Painful. as
is" heipeetacie of honotir lost, glory faded, and intellect
withered • it is still more painful when we contemplate
the proud'-days of Italian story ; not merely those in which
the Roman eagle waved hie pinions over- the remotest parte
•f the earth, but the age of chivalry, with all its spirit-
-Stirring romance, and unrivalled commerce, with all its
attendant wealth and luxury. The oily good history of
.modern Italy-in the English language is Paactvat!it ;to
all the interest of is novel it super-adds scrupulous fidelity,
and a truly philosophical spirit. He analyses the causes
which brought degradation out of glory, weakueaa out
of strength, . poverty out of riches, and infamy out oi
honour. We do not perhaps agree with him in reverene-
ing the republican institutions of the Lombards, but
.we join is his -reprobation of the tissue of cruelty and
'treachery which has woven a chain over the Italian inlet-
led that can scarcely ever be broken.
