LONDON, SATURDAY EVEN/NG, MAY 4, 1833.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT,

HOUSE OF LORDS, Mr 3.

On the Earl of SHAFTESBURY taking his scat on the
woolsack, at five o'clock,
Mr. TOOKE and others brought up the Birmingham
and London Railway Bill, the amendments of their Lord-
ships being agreed to ; the Imperial Continental Gas
Bill, and other private Bills.
The Earl of JERSEY presented petitions for the aboli-
tion of slivery.
Lon! DACRE presented petitions to the same effect.

The Duke of DEVONSHIRE presented similar peti•
tions from Derby, Dungarvon, and other place•. Al‘o a
petition from the Chamber of Commerce of Waterford,
complaining of the monopoly of the steam-packets.
The Eat! of ROSEBERRY presented a petition fir
the abolition of slavery from Leeds.
Lord ROLLE presented a petition from B 1 ;sham for
the better observance of the Sabbath.

A NOBLE LORD presented a petition to the same (fleet
from Brighton.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH presented a petition from
Edinburgh, praying that compensation may be given to
the West Indian planters, if the emancipation of the slaves
was carried into effect.
Lord SUFFIELD presented fifty petitions for the total
and immediate abolition of slavery.
The Duke of NORFOLK presented a petition from
Shoreham to the same effect.
The Archbishop of YORK presented several petitions
from Yorkshire to the same effect.

The Earl of RODEN presented petitions praying the
Home to pass safe measures for the abolition of slavery,
from several places in Somersetsbire. Also a petition
from the synod of Fife, against any alteration in the
Church of Ireland.
Lord WESTERN presented petitions for the abolition
of slavery from Eye, Brandon, Woodbridge, Colebrook,
Bury St. Edmunds, Chelmsford, Bradbury, and other
places in Suffolk and Essex.
The Duke of RICHMOND presented a petition from
Sussex

Earl ABERDEEN, in pursuance of a notice given last
week, bad now to snake a motion in a matter of great
public import ince, which he should not perhaps have
brought under their Lordships' attention at present, bad
it not been attended with considerations of a personal na-
ture. Their Lordships would possibly recollect that, in

the course of last session, during a discussion in which this
subject was introduced, a declaration had been made
by himself and a Noble Duke behind him, that the French
Government had entered into engagements with reference

to Algiers which they had not acted upon. Subsequent
to that period, a similar declaration bad been made else-
where, and from the other powers of Europe. He had
expressed his desire to bring this subject before the House
previous to the Easter holydays ; but on the request of the
Noble Earl opposite (Grey), he had abandoned his inten-
tion. But the declarations he had mentioned having been
subsequently repeated, the Noble Earl had intimated that
it was no longer in his opinion reasonable to interpose
any opposition to his (Lord Aberdeen's) wishes ; of course
the first thing he should do, would be to repeat, without a
tittle of variation, the declaration he had made before, "that
the French Government had entered into engagements
with reference to Algiers which had not been fulfilled."
He did not wish to be misunderstood ; he did not mean to
assert that any convention, or express stipulations had
been entered into by that Governn ent for the evacuation
of Algiers by their forces; the case was, however, that
all the European Powers,whose fears had been excited by the
possession of Algiers by such a force of French, had received
intimations from that Government which were calculated
to remove those fears. These intimations, however, had
not been acted upon ; but as he understood that it was
not the intention of the Noble Earl (Grey) to object to
the production of these papers, be would not now detain
the House by entering into any lengthened detail ; but he
w mid leave the interpretation of these papers till they
came regularly before the House, when no man of com-
mon honour or honesty could have the least difficulty in
their elucidation. He would, therefore, not detain the
House by any arguments now, or by exciting any ill feel-
ings ; but he could not help reminding the Noble Earl,
that the dominion of Algiers, connected as it is with the
rights of the Porte, would naturally induce him to take
a. view of this transaction, and inquire what are the
present state and future prospects of the Turkish Govern-
ment, in consequence of those transactions ? However,
as he had before said, he would refrain from any extended
discussion on this matter till it should be regularly before
the House—at no distant period, as lie should hope.
Although he must express his fixed opinion that the
Noble Earl, in much of his foreign policy, had acted upon
principles most mistaken, most calamitous and fatal to the
interests and honour of the country—(Hear, hear, from
the Opposition benehes)—still he had no reaso❑ to know
that in this particular the Noble Earl entertained any
views or opinions different from his own. He was most
fully impressed with the importance of this question.
If there were any Noble Lord acquainted with naval
matters, he would at once see its importance ; but it would
be sufficient to the House to be informed what the opi-
nions were of Nelson, Collingwood, and Exmouth, who
all expressed the strong objections which they felt,
that an extent of coast like the Algerine, of not less
than from 5 to 600 miles along the Mediterranean, within
sight of Spain, should be in the hands of such a power as
France. If this were allowed, the height of the ambitious
wish of Napoleon for France would be gratified, "that
the Mediterranean might become the seat of the French
power." He was far from any wish of embarrassing Go.
vernment, but, on the contrary, would lend them every
assistance i❑ his power in this mattter, as be felt great in-
terest in it. He would not detain them any longer, but
would conclude by moving—." That there be laid before
the House copies or extracts of the correspondence between
the Secretary of State for the Foreign Department and
our Ambassador in Paris in 1830, with reference to the
expedition of Algiers; and also of the correspondence be-
tween the French Government and its Minister here with re-
ference to the same subject; and also of the correspondence
between our Ambassador and the French Government, with
reference to the intentions of that Government as to the
evacuation of Algiers."

Earl GREY had no opposition to the production of
the principal papers alluded to. He was equally sensible
of the importance of the subject with the N,,ble Earl, but
he did not think it expedient to enter into the subject at
present. At this moment there was a party in the Cham-
ber of France pressing that Government on this subject,
and putting it as a matter of national concern to retain pos.
session of Algiers. Now, if at the same time the Ministry
of this country were pressed on the same grounds, the
House would see that there must inevitably ensue a colli-
sion of the national feelings, which would impede, if not
entirely frustrate, the endeavours of both Ministries to
bring this matter to an amicable issue. He was far from
imputing such motives to the Noble Lord; lie should
have preferred perfect silence on this point for the present;
but as the Noble Lord had called for the papers, he did
not see that there would be any material inconvenience in
allowing their production—at least of the two fqraier-
mentioned documents ; he should also beg leave to use his
discretion in bringing forward any other documents which
he might think necessary for the further elucidation of the
matter. To the production of the correspondence between
their Ambassador and that between the French Ambassa-
dor here, explanatory of the objects of the expedition to
Algiers, he had no objection; but he bad an objection to
the production of the other papers ; the only paper
which bore any reference to the intentions 31 the French
King, with reference to Algiers, was not an official docu-
ment, being the mere report of a conversation of a Noble
Lord opposite with the French King ; and not only this,
but it was before that Monarch had been officially recog•
nised by this Power, and when no responsible Minister
was present. In fact, there was no official document
bearing on this point ; for a private conversation, how-
ever correctly reported, could be no authority. If a re-
sponsible Minister had been present, the case would have
been different; and as to verbal expressions, they were
always liable to misapprehension. He was sorry that the
Noble Earl had to find fault with the foreign policy of the
Almisters ; he could, at any rate, assure him that, on this
point, as well as on every other, they had done their best
—in what appeared to their maturest judgment the best
—for the general peace of Europe and the honour and
welfare of England.—(Hear hear.) As to the Turkish
Empire, the Noble Lord might rest assured that Govern-
ment would never neglect the interests of that empire,
but would do everything in their power to promote justice
and peace.
Lord ABERDEEN said, that his object was to get in-
formation, but after what bad fallen from the Noble Earl,
he would not press his motion as far as regarded the third

of these papers. He was ready to admit that great weight
was due to the objections raised by the Noble Earl ; and
though the same objections might be brought against tin
production of any papers which Noble Lords might think
it necessary to move for, he would at the same time admi
that it was desirable not to produce that paper. lie bad
on'y one objection in making the motion, and that Iva,
as to the intentions of France. The present Government
of France had professed to mint in the same policy, and
fulfil all the engagements entered into by the form-r Go-
vernment wioi the diff-rent nations of Europe. It wa.
expressly upon that basis that the new French Govern-
ment was acknowledged by the Government of this
country. For when his Majesty opened Parliament, after
the late French revolution, it was stated in the speech
from the throne, that having received from the new
dynasty every assurance that it should fulEl all the
engagements of the former Government, he did not
hesitate to acknowledge it.—(Hear, hear.) Certainly
that ivis the price of the acknowledgment, and be
(Lord Aberdeen) had no doubt that it would not have
been so promptly or readily acknowledged, were it not for
the assurance given that those engagements should be re-
spected. The Noble Earl had on several occasions com•
plained of the hostility shown by him (Lord Aberdeen) to
his foreign policy. But he (Lord A.) was bound to say,
that so far was that from being the case, he had shown
great moderation. The Noble Earl would acknowledge
that, from the first day of the session to the present mo-
ment, he had not made a single observation upon any of
his measures, although he (Lord Aberdeen) could say that
the Noble Earl's policy occupied his thoughts day and
night, and was often open to comment.—(Efear, hear.)
He (Lord Aberdeen) bad no doubt that the wishes of the
Noble Eari were to conduct our relations with foreign
States wisely and properly—indeed so comple'ely was that
his belief, that he could frequently not believe that the
'policy pursued was in accordance with the Noble Earl's
opinion. He hoped that in future the policy pursued would
be more in accordance with his (Lord Aberdeen's) views ;
but if they had the misfortune to differ, he should think it
his duty, with every feeling of respect to the Noble Earl,
strongly to impress those views upon their Lordships.
The House adjourned at a few minutes after six o'clock.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, MAY 3.

The SPEAKER took his seat a few minutes after five.

Mr.O'CONNELL said, as the report of the evidence
taken before the Carrickfergus Election Committee waft
now printed, he should feel himself warranted in bringing
forward a Bill for lisfrancbi,,ing that borough. He begged
to move that the issuing of the writ be suspaided until
the Ist June.

Lord ALTHORP would suggest, that instead of the
Ist June the time be limited at present to the 20th May.
Mr. O'CONNELL consented to Gx the 22d May, to
which period the writ was ordered to be suspended.
Mr. O'CONNELL begged to ask the Right Hon.
Gentleman opposite (Mr. S. Rice), why the Irish popula-
tion returns which he had moved for were not printed ?
Mr. S. RICE said he should have the information as
early as possible.
