CIVIL LIST.

Lord ALTHORP moved the Order of the Day for the
third reading of the Civil List Bill. He stated that he
had drawn up a clause according to the suggestion of the
Right Hon. Gentleman opposite, which he should now lay
before the House.

Mr. GOULBURN, as far as he was able to observe,
did not see any objection to the clause now introduced.
With respect to the Bill itself, he must say that it seemed
to him to differ from every one that had preceded it. This
Bill, for the first time, dissociated the expences of the
Civil Government of the couutry from those that were re-
quired to maintain the dignity of the Crown. When he
proposed the Bill uniting both these objects, he bad not
done it merely because he desired not to depart from former
precedents, though he certainly had no wish to depart
from them, but because he thought that the welfare of the
country would be best consulted by uniting both. In his
opinion both reason and good sense required that union,
for he did not think it advisable to present the Monarch of
this country to the people for grants merely for his per-
sonal dignity and comfort, but as dispeusing favours and
offices, and dispensing rewards for the performance of the
business of the country. As this Bill had presented the
King in the former light only, he thought it objectionable.
It might, inded, be thought that at first it would be sup-
posed the Crown had given up 400,0001. of its expendi-
ture, but in the present state of the information of the
public upon this subject, it must be clear that no one in or
out of the House could suppose for a moment that such a
saving had been effected. The present arrangement of the
Civil List bad been made at the desire of those who said
they wished to be able to compare the charges of the pre-
sent Civil List with those of the Civil Lists of former periods,
but he believed that when the present Civil List came to be
examined, those who had desired the new arrangement
would have little reason to view it with apprehension. So
far was it from being simplified, that he would venture to
assert that it was more complicated and involved than it bad
ever been before. In a paper which he unfortunately had
not seen till this morning, he found that arrangements bad
been made for those sums which had not been provided
for i❑ the Civil List ; and that circumstance alone was
sufficient to show that no simplification had taken place.
He would give some examples of this. In the first in-
stance, it was intended in the present Civil List that the
Crown should retain the power of superintending not only
the business but the sports of the country. The Crown,
therefore, had the disposal of sums of money for plates to
be run for at races, and 4,5001. were annually expended in
that manner in order to encourage the breed of horse..
Now that suns was made up in the following manner :
The larger our tion, or sum of 2,4001., was taken from the
Civil I,BSO/. were to be voted in the Committee of
Supply, and 2201. were fixed as a charge upon the con-
solidated Fund; so that on one item alone, which was,
strictly speaking, an item of Royal expenditure, there were
no less than three different sources from which the gross
amount was drawn. With respect to the Yeoman Guard
in Ireland, the arrangement of the payment to that body
had been made for the convenience of the House, as the
annual discussions on that branch of expenditure had been
found highly inconvenient, yet the present Civil List Bill
proposed to go back to the old system which had before
been given up at the desire of the House itself. The
same was the case with respect to the Royal Palaces, in
which 4231. were to be voted in the Committee of Supply,,
and 1,300/. were charged upon the Consolidated Fund.
With respect to charitable donations, the confusion was
very great-13,2001. were to be taken from the Civil List,
4,500/. were to be voted in the Committee. of Supply, and
2,250/. were charged upon the Consolidated Fund.
He should ask those who were the adVocates of simplifi-
cation, whether these instances exhibited any improvement
in that respect? It might be supposed that the expenses for
the offices of the several Orders of the Garter, the Bath, and
St. Patrick might be all put upon the same footing —but
that was not the case ; for while some were charged upon
the Civil List, others were fixed upon the Consolidated Fund.
He-thought, therefore, that under these circumstances
those who looked for a simplified expenditure would find
themselves much mistaken. The real amount of the
Civil List was what it bad been before. The provision
fur the King was much the same as that which he had
before proposed. He felt numerous objections to the pre-
sent Bill ; but, as he thought that the grant to the Crown
ought to he made in as gracious and considerate a manner
as possible, he should offer no objection to it ; and there-
fore, he cordially gave his approbation to the Bill notwith-
standing its many defects.
Mr. HUME said, that if he had expected the Right
Hon. Gentleman would have made this charge, be would
have brought down papers that would have answered it.
The whole of the last Civil List Bill was one mass of in-
congruities. He wondered that the Right Hon. Gentle-
man could stand in his place anti defend such a plan of
the Civil List, against one which was founded on a plain
and intelligible principle. The former mode of conduct-
ing the public accounts, had been one mass of mystifica-
tion, an that .be did not wonder the Right Hon. Gentle-
man should feel regret that the plan was now so altered,
that any man out of doors could now understand what had
formerly been quite unintelligible to the'greater number
of Members of that House. The Right Hon. Gentleman
was in a dilemma, for no man could take up the prese:it
Bill without knowing what was the amount: of,that
branch of the expenditure of the country, but if he had
looked at the last Civil List, or at that which had been
introduced by the Right Hon. Gentleman in the beginning
of last November, he would find that it was impossible to
discover any one principle of classification. He (Mr.

llume) had never been able to understand the principle of
he distinctioa made with respect to various public officers,
of whose salaries were charged upon the Civil List,
while others were differently provided for. He was no
Ctr from agreeing with the Right Hon. Gentleman as to
•iie impropriety of the present principle of the Civil List,
hat lie thought it was for the honour and interest of sbe
lionarchy, that all the items of the Civil List should be
defy laid before the public, so that the people should not
ittribute to tl:c King an expenditure with which his Ma-
Hty had really nothing to do. Under the old system the
public saw 1,057,0001. voted fin the Civil List, and great
numbers among them believed that all that amount was
quired for the personal expencer of the Monarch, for his
ijesty and his household. The change effected was cal-
culated to put an end to this error. The Right Hon.
Gentleman was the only man in the country who thought
that the change was not beneficial. The late Pension
List was not, as it affected to be, the Pension List of the
Crown, but of the creatures of the Ministry, and Pen-
sions were granted to ladies among the rest, most of which
Pensions, he would venture to say, were unknown to his
Majesty. He regretted that the present Civil List so far
i:nitated the old as to retain the Pension List. He had
wished to get rid of it, anal was sorry to say that he had
b .en left in a miserable minority on the point. He was,
however, so thoroughly convinced of the necessity
of removing this Pension List from the other items
of the Chit List, that when the opportunity oc-
curred he should move to reduce the amount of the sum to
be granted to his Majesty by the whole amount required
fir the,e pensions. He trusted that the House would
then show that they wished to conform to the opinion of
the country on that point. He thought that the present
Government was entitled to the thanks of that House and
of the people, for the reduction they had effected in this:
hitherto overwhelming amount of money paid for our Em-
bassies to Foreign Courts. The expenditure on that bead
had never been in the least degree diminished during the
last two reigns, and the salaries, by being fixed in the
Civil List, could not be interfered with by that House,
which could not review a grant for the Civil List after it
had been once made. He thanked the present Ministers,
therefore, for haying so far adopted the recommendation of
the Committee, as to put the salaries of ambassadors en a
footing that would enable that House to regulate them in
future. The salaries of the present Ministers were about
to be reduced, and the Ministers would take care that the
salaries of other men should be brought under the review
of that House, which never could have taken place under
the old system. The next item to which the Right Hon.
Gentleman (Mr. Goulburn) objerted, was the taking of
100,0001. from the Irish establishment; and it was very
true, that if the Civil List of the Right Hon. Gentleman
had been carried, the House would have no controul
over that part of the expenditure. After that the
Right Hon. Gentleman proceeded to the hereditary
payments in Scotland, 51,000/. ; but he (Mr. Hume)
should be glad to know why any of them should
he placed out of the cognizance of Parliament':
The present arrangement, by which the Civil List beyond
the controul of Parliament was reduced front 970,000/.
to 510,0001., was a most important advantage to the com-
munity ; and he hoped, therefore, that the House would
sanction the change. He hardly knew how to notice se-
riously the remarks to which the Right Hon. Gentleman
had been driven, when he lamented so bitterly the loss of
1,000/. hitherto given, as he contended, for the encou-
ragement of the breed of horses. The Civil List, as it
formerly existed, was certainly well calculated for the en-
couragement of the breed of another and an inferior de-
scription of animal—(" Hear," and laughter)—but, un-
der the new system, he (Mr. Hume) saw no reason for
retaining even the plates for running horses. It was not fit
that the public money should be so spent while the people
were starving; and if country gentlemen liked to have
sport, it ought to be at their own expense. After thus
lamenting over the decay in the breed of horses, the Right
lion. Gentleman very naturally descended to the Board of
Works, and bemoaned the change that was to be made in
this department.
Mr. GOULBURN interposed to save time : he had
not bemoaned the Board of Works, but merely express' d
an opinion that the new arrangement would not simplify
the matter. His remark regarding the breed of horse, was
of the same nature.

Mr. HUME was very glad to find that he was mistaken
on the point, but really the Right Hon. Gentleman had
no very extraordinary talent at rendering himself intelli-
gible. Perhaps he (Mr. Hume) was in error also as to
the rest of the Right Hon. Gentleman's positions ; he had
understood him to bemoan the departure from the good old
sinecure system of our ancestors ; but, after all, he might
be well satisfied with its abolition; and he (Mr. Hume)
should sit down in the expectation that the vote in favour
of the third reading of the Bill would be unanimous.—
( Hear, and laughter.)
Mr. GOULBURN observed, that if Hon. Members
would so condescend, it would be easy at any time to ob-
tain such a triumph as had beem just achieved by the Hon.
Member for Middlesex. The cheers of the three or four
Hon. Gentlemen round him were certainly an ample re-
compenee, and worthy of his ambition. He was not
aware that he had made any admissio❑ in favour of the al-
teration in the Civil List, which, among others, was open
to the great leading objection, that the money was to be
paid out of three funds instead of one. This change was
any thing hut a simplification.
Lard ALTHORP admitted that the Right Hon. Gen-

tleman bad brought forward two or three instances of
want of simplicity in the proem plan, but he had stu-
diously omitted the enormous confusion of his own mis-
called arrangement. To show the doubt that was thus
created, he would mention, that when he (Lord Althorn) •
came into office, he did not know the amount of his own
salary.---a point upon which, probably the Right Hon.
Gentleman was not equally in the dark. He (Lord Al-
thorp) had thought that it was something more than
3,000/. a year, but to his great surprise he found that it
was 5,000/. a year.—(Hear, hear.) The difficulty arose
out of the complication of accounts, It bad been thought
right to separate from the Civil List all that relatad to
the general government of the country, and this point
had been gradually approached ever since the passing of
Mr. Burke's Bill. The five heads into which the Civil
List was divided were these—one, Privy Purse ; two,

—.— ..-. . .
Salaries of the Household ; three, Expencea of the House-
hold ; four, Special Services ; five, Pensions ; and what
had been done regarding running horses was merely this
—to remove from the Civil List the sums paid for this
purpose in Ireland and Scotland. It would be for
the House to decide whether it would continue this
arrangement, for it was one of the benefits of the proposed
change, that if it were hereafter found ,disadvantageous,
a different course might be adopted. One principle
on which Ministers had proceeded was, to let the people
see that the enormous sum hitherto supposed to be expended
by the King, was not in fact all for the support of Royalty.
For this reason, the sum 'or charities in lreland and Scot-
land had been removed from the Civil List, and the salaries
of the Board of Works would also be voted in Supply.--
(Hear.) He did not mean to say that the accounts were
now as simple as they might be rendered, but he contended
that they were a great improvement upon those which the
Right Hon. Gentleman (Mr. G.) had laid upon the tablc.
Mr. GOULBURN explained.
Sir M. W. RIDLEY observed, that in the country,
nothing was less understood than the paymen's for the
Civil Lizt ; it was generally supposed that the King bad,
hitherto, bad the uncontrouled command of 1,200,000/.
per annum. Such, in future, would not be the fact, even
with regard to the much smaller:sum of 510,0001. ; but of
this he was sure—that the people of England would think
the benefit of a Kingly Government cheaply purchased at
that expence.
Mr. T. COURTENAY gave notice, that after the Bill
had been read a third time, and before it was passed, he
would move an amendment, to render it more precisely
what it pretended to be.
Mr. MABERLY was astonished that even the Right;
Hon. Gentleman,(Mr. Goolburn) should be so bigotted to
his own plan as not to admit at one:: the superior advan-
tiges of that by which it t 7 a 3 superseded. The Monarch
was thus relieved from a degree of odium that hitherto
had been most unjustly attached to him. It was true that
in the Committee he (Mr. Moberly) had supported the
proposition of the lion. Member for Middlesex, for dis-
continuing pensions even to thereduced amount of 75,0001.
upon the Civil List. He still adhered to that opinion ;
but he saw, nevertheless, the clear benefits of the other
parts of the measure of the Noble Lord (Althorp), and
be was resdy also to admit the impossibility of making
calculations on this subject with nicety so as to avoid the
necessity of a contingent account to the amount of five or
even 10,0001. If the present Government had proposed
a plan for the Civil List much more objectionable than
that in the Bill, he should have felt himself called upon
to support them, as the servants of a Monarch who had
already done so much fur his people, and who, by the
great measure now pending, was about to confer
770 of
the greatest national blessings since the era of
()rag:
-,,Ceirivaer,ti a.to sNtaondGwith the public.
j fu...,..) ti
its pledges so fully and s'. f'i'llf:" Yn'A oe BM ',rue read •a
The question wag dm* Ptt‘,2! y_ ,
..
....,
third time. clause, to provide ' az.'
Lord ALTIIORP proposed a
soovewrreitlni,ent had ever an?oclorsobiLie
r,..dee,
jai, .

primly that the charges ih schedules 2,3, and 8, and no
ethers, should he chargeable upon the Civil List.
Big. T. 'COURTENAY proposed a short amendment,
the Pert of ii,hich we could not catch.
Ittlr. D. W. HARVEY said his principal object in
rising was, however, that it might not be supposed by his
.silence that he concurred in the arrangement made in the
Bill regarding the Duchies of Cornwall and Lancaster.
Colonel DAVIES expressed his fears that, under this
new Bill, part of the sum of 510,000/. a-year might be
applied to swell the salaries of the great Officers of State,
instead of being devoted, as it was intended, to support the
dignity and provide for the comfort of the Crown. He
also complained of the diwespectful mode in which Mini-
sters had treated the Report of the Select Committee on the
Civil List; they bad, in fact, thrown it in the face of the
Members, and had declared that they would not be bound
by say of its recommendations.
Lord ALTHORP explained.
Mr. BRISCOE also regretted that Ministers had not
attended to the recommendation of retrenchment contained
in the Report of the Select Committee. The country had
a right to expect that every practicable saving, however
small, should /be made. Nevertheless, he supported the
measure, for the reason stated by the Hon. Member for
Abingdon (Mr. Moberly), that Ministers deserved well of
their country for the great improvement they were about to
effect in the representation.

The amendment of Mr. T. COURTENAY was then agreed
to, and ordered to be inserted in the Bill.

Mr. HUME ruse for the purpose of proposing his
amendment, tht effect of which would be to take from
.510,0001., the whole proposed amount of the Civil List, the
sum of 75,000/. allowed for pensions. This deduction
would leave 435,0001. per annum net, at the disposal of
the King, and wredd relieve him from a degree of painful
responsibility in the distribution of the Royal bounty. lie
held in his hand a paper 'hewing the individuals to whom
George IV. had granted pensions, and hence it appeared
that many had been given to persons whose services had
deserved no reward. Did Hon. Members consider how
much the pensions had increased the national debt? In
the late reign the amount of the sums granted in the way
of pensions in England was 890,0001., in Ireland
194,0001., and in Scotland.349,oool. ; making altogether
1,939,0001. paid ill pensions, not one in ten of which
was merited. Notwithstanding all the pledges which
various Administrations bad made of economy, here was
nearly two millions of the public money thrown to the dogs.
Although he was unwilling to do what was probably against
his Majesty's wishes, his duty compelled him to oppose the
present proposition. He was convinced that the whole
system of granting pensions ought to be done away with.
Instead of securing the just performance of official duties,
he was s ttisfied that when that inquiry came to be made
upon the subject, which be hoped would be made, he
should be able to prove that they had a directly contrary
tendency. Why were not men in the public service to act
as persons in private life, and lay by from their incomes
what would support them when they became unable to
labour ? In 1792 each department of the public service
provided its own pension list. In America there were no
pensions, yet public servants there performed their duties
much better than public servants in this country. Under
all these considerations, he begged to move as an amend-
ment to leave out the words " 510,0001." for the purpose
of substituting the words "435,000/. ;" meaning thereby
to get rid of the sum of 75,0001. for pensions.
Mr. HUNT seconded the motion, and the more readily
as he had presented to the House above sixty petitions
praying for a reduction of the public expenditure. The
petitioners did not wish to abolish all pensions ; but they
wished to abolish such as were not merited. He would
divide the House upon the amendment, for out of doors
it was considered to be a sham proceeding in the House
when no division took place. He bad been asked if he
wished the suns granted to encourage horse-racing to be
withdrawn ? His answer was, that at least the place he
represented partook of the sport which that grant occa-
sioned. He hoped the time would come when the cases of
pensions would be looked into ; for nothing could be more
disgraceful than they should be granted merely for purposes
of patronage.
Lord ALTHORP obset wed, that the subject had, on a
former occasion, been so extensively argue d, that he would
not trespass upon the attention of the House. He would
merely remind them that the 75,0001. now proposed for
pensions was only half the sum formerly granted ; and that
the reduction was as great as his Majesty's Ministers
thought could, with propriety, be made.
Mr. Alderman WOOD expressed his regret that he must
be compelled to vote against Government on this question.
During the last fortnight, above three hundred persons
had been summoned before him as a Magistrate to compel
them to pay their taxes ; but so unable were they to do so,
that be was under the necessity of allowing at least two
hundred of them the indulgence of a fortnight or three
weeks to pay those taxes, or else he must have sent them
to piton. While so much distress existed he could not
vote a large sum of public money, a considerable portion
t,f which was to he paid to those by whom it was not merited.
Mr. HOY said, if he understood the Hon. Member for
Limerick, that Hon. Gentleman would have no objection
to take the power of granting pensions entirely from the
Crown, and submit the consideration of every pension to
the House of Commons. From such a proposition he
must altogether dissent. He was persuaded that if it
were adopted, it would be the source, not of economy, but
of increased expenditure. If the merits of every indi-
vidual whom it was proposed to pension were to be sub-
mitted to that House, the result would be a system of can-
vassing and party struggle without limit. Although, there-
fore, he did not repose any confidence in his Majesty's Go-
vernment with respect to that question which at present
ahsorbed so much public attention, he must oppose an
amendment, the tendency of which was to strip the Crown
of the power of rewarding important public services. It
was competent for any Member to call for a statement of
the manner in which the suns applied to pensions was dis-
tributed. He bad thought it necessary to make these ob-
servations, because he knew how sensitive the public, and
his constituents among them were on questions of public
economy ; and that it he had given a s►lent vote against
the amendment, his conduct might have been liable to
misconstruction. _

WARBIJRTON said, that the observations of the
lion. Member for Southampton were applicable to Parlia-
ment as it was, rather than to Parliament as he hoped it
soon would be. Parliament ought to be the guardian of
the public purse. If they looked at the Pension List they
would find that only one-tenth of the money was paid for
actual public service, while nine- tenths of it were paid for
purposes of patronage. Now was there ever such a libel
uttered against Parliament as to say, that if those pensions
were submitted to their consideration they would not put
an end to most of them ? Why was there any Parliament
at all ? It might be true that Parliament as at present
constituted was but an imperfect guardian of the public
purse; but it should be recollected that the Bill under
consideration was to last during the life of his present Ma-
j. sty. Now all the friends of Reform hoped that in a year
there would be a new Parliament, constituted differently
from the present ; and they hoped and prayed that the life
of their Sovereign might be protracted much beyond that
period. In that case, therefore, if the Bill were passed
in its present shape, the means would be denied to a re-
formed Parliament of investigating the nature of the pro-
posed pensions, and of taking care that they should not be
granted except for actual service.
Colonel SIBTHORPE supported the amendment. He
was sure, that if individual claims for pensions came be.
fore Parliament the greatest liberality would be shown,
while, at the same time, proper care would be taken of
the public money. He concurred, therefore, ir, the pro-
position of the Hon. Member for Middlesex, convinced as
he was, that, if that proposition was adopted, a great re-
straint would be imposed upon that profuse and unwar-
rantable expenditure of the public money, which, under
the present system, had been so long carried on.
The House then divided—
For the Amendment
Against it

Majority .55
Mr.
lIU\IE called the attention of the House to the al.
',minces to three Princes of the Bleod Royal—the Dukes
of Cumberland, Suarez, and Cambridge. Three times had
the Ilou:eLesevre: high.lt
to 'educe salaries to what they were
before pieeTen44,
hadln 1806 an addition of 6,0001.
a year hod been made the allowances of the Princes of
the Blood.
12,0001.
a year before, so that the
increase made their allowance 18,000/. a year. In 1822
hiti,
the House addressed Majesty, praying that all salaries
of public officers should be
Last , brought back to what they
were befor 1806.
reduce thee salaries of higrar apledee had been given to
been made on the subj est hyp: Committee ; a report bad
and, in consequence, a numberofof that House,
lace e asked, tereore, if ti,
P ' reductions had taken
by a sense of justice,h asf well as ofey public d were not called upon
the salaries of the Royal Dukes, raised a, u:ce,, to reduce
under the circumstances which he had clescribedh,ad been
been
ought not those Royal Dukes to be dealt with as all other by
dividuals of high public rank had been ? He should
propose, therefore, to reduce their allowance by 5,000/.
that was, to make them 13,000/.. not 12,0001., as they
bad been before their augmentation. If his proposition
were acceded to, the result would be, not only a saving of
the public money, but the setting of an example, with re-
spect to persons of high station, which might be very ser-
viceable. In conclusion, he proposed that in the clause

10,000/. should be substituted for 15,000/. In this his
object was to reduce the salaries of the three Royal Dukes
by 5,0001., which would leave the Dukes of Cumberland
and Sussex 13,0001, a year each. The Duke of Cam-
bridge (who was Viceroy of Hanover) had a still larger al-
lowance-22,0001.; and he did not consider any objec-
tion could be urged in his case. It might be said, indeed,
that the House had no right to consider the emoluments
the Royal Duke enjoyed from his Government, but this
he could not admit.

Lord ALTHORP explained that it was 'not in the
power of the House to carry the Hon. Member's propo-
sition into effect. The grant to these Royal Dukes was
made by an Act of Parliament in the 18th George 111.,
by which it was provided that a sum of sixty thousand
pounds should be laid aside as a provision for his Ma-
jesty's younger children. But this was not to take effect
until his death, and the sum was charged upon the here-
ditary revenues of the Crown, which it was not in the
power of his present Majesty to give up.
Sir G. WARRENDER supported the statement of the
Noble Lord, declaring it was not possible to accede to the
Hon. Member's desire without repealing an Act of Par-
liament ; and said, that for his own part, he did not cost
eider the allowances of the Royal Dukes too large, and he
was not disposed to take away any part of it. He farther
thought that Government had redeemed all the pledges it
had given to the country ; and he had the greatest con-
fidence in them respecting their promised measures of
economy.

Colonel SIBTHORPE declared he would vote against
the measure, not considering the sums as by any means
too great.
Mr. HUNIE withdrew his amendment.

Colonel D,AVIES proposed an amendment to the sche-
dules, namely, that the sum of 11,300/ should be de-
ducted from the amount of expence of the second class
130,3001., and added to the amount on the third class.
which would make that 183,829/., and reduce the first
class to 118,770/. He complained of the conduct of the
present Government in doing, in spite of the recommenda-
tion of the Committee, the very thing for which the last
Government lost their places. By the amendment which
he proposed, nothing would be taken from the gross sum
voted by his Majesty ; and therefore nothing would be
taken from the comfort of his Majesty, nor anything from
the fitting splendour of the throne. It merely deprived
the High Officers of the Household of an emolument
which they ought to despise, and transferred it to those
departments by which the personal comfort and splendour
of the King could I.e most promoted.
Lord ALTHORP said, that as there was no change in
the amount and no saving promoted, the object of the
motion was to prevent his Majesty from giving certain
salaries to the high officers of the household, which at pre-
sent he was not compelled to give. In reply to the remark
respecting the present Government, he would only say,
that he would not pledge himself that these salaries would
or would not be reduced. He wished to leave it entirely
to his Majesty.

Sir M. W. RIDLEY considered that it would be un-
becoming of the House, and insulting to his Majesty, to
adopt the Hon. Member's proposition. He hoped that,
on reflection, the Hon. Member would withdraw it.

Sir R. BATESON considered that the late Govern-
ment had been put out for doing that which the present
Administration now proposed ; and being a person who
looked to measures and not men, would propose as an
amendment, that 11,5001. be taken from the second class,
and net given to any other class. He trusted Hon. Mem-
bers would not be deterred from dividing on this motion,
because the Reform Bill was to be discussed next week.—
The Hon. Member then submitted his amendment to the
House.

Mr. HUNT said that, although the reduction was
small, it would be great in the eyes of the country.
Mr. FYLER said the resolution proposed by the Hon.
and Gallant Memberwould be of no benefit to the country.
It only transferred the expence from one class to ano-
ther, and was doing an ungracious thing to his Majesty.
Mr. C. DOUGLAS, notwithstanding the recommen-
dation of the Committee, would support the original
motion.

Mr. HUME declared he would vote for the amendment
of the Hon. Member for Londonderry.
The SPEAKER called the attention of the House to
the exact question which they would have to decide. The
original proposition was that a sum of 130,3001. be
granted ; since which, an amendment had been moved to
the effect, that that sum be reduced to the extent of
11,529/. 10s., and there had been a suggestion that that
reduction be made with the view of transferring the sum
in question from the second to the third class. The
House would remember that it had already agreed to the
gross sum, of which this was only one of the items_
The question was then put, that instead of 130,300/.,
the sum to be 118,770/. 10s. _ .

Mr. RUTHVEN declared his intention of voting for
.he amendment.

Mr. ROBINSON saw no reason why the proposition
of the Committee should be departed from. On every
ground he thought that the reduction ought to be made.
The gallery was then cleared for a division, but none
took place. It was understood that the amendments
were withdrawn, and the Bill passed.

On our re-admission, the question wa• being put, that
the House do then resolve itself into a Committee on the
Corporate Funds' Bill.
Mr. FYLER objected to the Bill altogether. The
House, however, did resolve itself into the proposed Corn.
mittee, and the Hon. Member moved an alteration, to the
effect that the Bill be extended to all corporate bodies.
After a few words from Mr. Evans, Mr. S. Rice, Mr.
H. Gurney, and Mr. T. P. Courtenay, the House re-
sumed, and the report was ordered to be received to-
morrow.

On the motion of Colonel TRENCH, the Irish Elec-
tion Bill went through a Committee, and some verbal
amendments were agreed to. The House resumed, and
the report was ordered to be received this day.
The Irish Tobacco Bill was read a third time and pissed.

Lord EASTNOR presented a petition from the Mayor,
Aldermen, and corporation of the city of Hereford, against
the Reform Bill, so far as it went to affect their corpora-
tion privileges.

Mr. F. PALMER presented a petition from the inba.
bitants of Maidenhead, in favour of the measure.
Several petitions were presented against negro slavery.

Mr. BENETT gave notice that on Thursday, the 21st
of April, he should move certain resolutions with respect
to the corruption proved to have taken place in the Liver-
pool election ; and that on the same day he should move
for a further suspension of the writ for that place.
The House adjourned at One o'clock.

We are informed that it is intended to bring in
an Act of Parliament, for the purpose of changing the
name of the Princess VICTORIA to " CHARLOTTE." This
will be a very proper compliance with what we are sure is
a national wish, and will be received with joy by the
whole people. The Duchess of KENT and the young
Princess have been staying several days at Busted Park,
on a visit to the Earl of LIVF.RPOOL ; and we are happy
to state positively, in contradiction to the numerous stories
which have been lately floating through the papers, that
the Princess is in excellent—or (to use the word of our
informant) in " rude health." The Royal party left Bux-
ted Park on Monday, having been there since the previous
Wednesday.—Brighton Gazette.

In the course of a discussion last night in the
House of Lords on the presentation of petitions for Reform,
Lord GREY took occasion to say, in the most distinct
terms, that Ministers would stand or fall by the principle
of their Bill. Let this determination be firmly acted upon
and fully understood, and we will undertake to say that
they will not fall. Lord GARNARTON poured forth a
stream of invective against the Bill, in a style worthy
neither of his great talents, nor of his candid character:
but the Loßn CHANCELLOR rolled back the tide upon
him with the vigour and impetuosity of a whirlwind.
Independently of the essential merits of the scheme of Re-
form, how can victory be doubtful when the cause is up-
held by such a mighty champion ? Times.
The Earl of ERROL, Mr. WORDSWORTH,
and Mr. LOCKHART, are at present sitting to Mr. L.
MACDONALD for their busts.

The very first application to the managers of
the Mayo relief fund was, we understand, from the agent
of an absentee Nobleman, who was not a contributor to
that fund himself ! !—Dublin Morning Register.

We are delighted to learn, from authentic
sources of information, from various parts of the county
of Clare, that crime and outrage are considerably on the
decline, and that the proceedings of the people had greatly
abated of their character of lawless violence. We regret
to be obliged to state that some parts of the county Gal-
way are in a most disturbed state. Captain. WARBURTON
was obliged to leave Ennis on Saturday, at a moment's
troop of dragoons
eetyi
warning, for Loughrea, taking with him a company of the
2:atrhadieleel Regiment.
them.th a t
threatened d
ecnotu.nle was to be met in Loughrea by a
from Gort. Large masses of people
natromeevdery withon e vwahrioo uws
was obnoxious
u sand
o
We have seen a letter from Nenah, which states
reaWt fears are entertained there of disturbances taking
place.—Dub/irt Tint's.

PRICES OF STOCKS THIS
Bank Stock "200 201 2CO
3 per Cent. Red 78%1A
3 per Cent-Cons. ..... 795.; 16
3Y per Cent. BT4
Ditto Red 8714%
New 33% per Cent 88%U
3 per Cent Ann. 1726 .... -
4 per Cent. 1826 9514%
Bank Long Ann to expire
Jan 5, 1860 16%%
Oct. 10, 1859
Jan. 5, 1860
Jan. 5, 1880
April 5, 1880
Jan. 5, 1870
