COURT CIRCULAR.

Viscount Melbourne left town at 12 o'clock yesterday'
for Windsor Castle, on a visit to the Queen.
Lord Glenelg returned to town yesterday morning, from
a visit to her Majesty, at Windsor Castle.
The Earl of Albemarle, master of the horse, had an in-
terview with the Chancellor of the Exchequer yesterday,
in Downing-street.
Viscount Melbourne and a select party dined with Lord
Holland, at Holland House, Kensington, on Sunday evening•

FASHIONABLE INTELLIGENCE.

DEPARTURES.

Vice-Admiral. Sir Tremayne and Lady Rodd, from Wim-
pole-street, for Tunbridge Wells; Dowager Lady Malet,
from West Cowes, Isle of Wight, for Wallop, near Stock-
bridge ; Captain the Hon. W. H. Beresford for the Conti-
nent ; Mrs. Camac, from Mansfield-street, for Hastings ; Sir
Robert and Lady Harland, from Thomas's Hotel, for Nor-
folk ; Colonel Dealtry and the Misses Dealtry, from ditto, for
Lufthouse Hall, Yorkshire; Tyler Smith, Esq., Mrs. Smith,
and Miss Smith, from the Berners Hotel, for Little Hotgh-
ton, Northampton.

ARRIVALS.
Mrs. Birch, at the Berners Hotel, from Tunbridge Wells;
J. Addison, Esq., and Miss Addison, at ditto, from the Con-
tinent; the Rev. W. Fowler and Mrs. Fowler, at ditto, from
Baldock ; Dr. Terry, at ditto, from Rugby.
CHANGES.
The Prince and Princess of Leiningcn, from Bonn, on the
Rhine, for Amorbark Castle, Leiningen ; the Hon. Henry
and Mrs. Ccventry, from Dundas Castle, N. 8., on a tour ;
the Marquis of Salisbury, at Hatfield, from Childwall Hall,
Lancashire ; Sir Horace Seymour and the Dowager Lady
Clinton, on a visit to Sir George Seymour, at Norris Castle,
Isle of Wight, from a tour ; Mr. and Lady George Codring-
ton, from Paris, for Baden ; Prince Schomberg, from Chel-
tenham, for the continent ; Lord Barham, at Windsor Castle,
from Barham Court; Lord Delamere, from Longshavve,
Derby, for Vale Royal ; the Countess Dundonald and family,
at Boulogne sur-Mer, from Paris ; Lord Molyneux, from
Meggermie, Perthshire, for Stoke Farm, Berks ; Lady and the
Misses Conroy at Leamington Spa ; the Marquis Los Llanos,
from Boulogne, for Paris; the Duke d'Ossuna, at Brussels,
from Ostend ; the Marquis and Marchioness of Blandford, and
the Ladies Spencer Churchill, from Hovvbury-park, Beds ;
Earl and Countess of Cavan, from Eagle-burst, Hants, for
the Isle of Wight; the Earl of Darlington and Mr. Tisdall,
from Dundee, for the Moors; Sir Robert Steile, from Meer-
hay, Dorset, for Paris ; Count and Countess Dunniskiold, at
Copenhagen, on a visit to the Court of Denmark ; Lord and
Lady Suffield, at Gunton House, Norfolk, from Yarmouth.

THE QUEEN.—At tl e Du ham counlr mating,
called for the purpose of voting addresses to the Queen and
the Queen Dowager, Earl Durham, who moved the first
address, thus described the qualities of her Majesty : ' I
have had opportunities of knowing the fact, that year after
year her Majesty's intellect has developed itself in a waY
that has astonished even those about her ; and there is not
an individual who had access to her personally, on her ac-
cession to the throne, who was not struck by the extraordi"
nary self-possession, and the commanding tone, which 51,0
assumed on taking the reins of Government into her hand,
the expectation of which could hardly have been justified
by any conception which might have been formed of a per-
son so young, placed in a position so difficult. 1 will sum
up, gentlemen, her qualities in two words ; and if those do
not come to your hearts as well as to your understandings,
no eloquent, no florid description of mine, would answer
that purpose—l believe her Majesty to be, in education,
in mind, and in heart, a true, thorough Englishwoman.
THE QUEEN DOWAGER.—It may not be gene'
rally known that a Queen Dowager enjoys most of the pri-
vileges belonging to her as Queen Consort. But no rnn°
can marry her without special license '•from the Crown,
on pain of forfeiting his lands and goods. Blackstone states
that a Queen Dowager, when married again to a subject,
does not lose her regal dignity as Peeresses Dowager do
their Peerage when they marry Commoners for Cathe-
rine, Queen Dowager of Henry V., though she married A
private gentleman, Owen ap Meredith ap Theodore, com-
monly called Owen Tudor ; yet, by the name of Catherine
Queen of England, maintained an action against the Bishop
of Carlisle. And so the Queen Dowager of Navarre, mar-
rying with Edward Earl of Lancaster, brother to Edward I"
maintained an action of dower (after the death of her se-
cond husband) by the name of Queen of Navarre. Nor
can the Queen marry a subject without the consent of the
Crown ;" but, as her Majesty is " the Crown," Queen
Victoria, for instance, could give her consent to her owe
marriage with any peer or person whom she might select.
The Dowager Marchioness of Hastings and the
young Ladies are preparing to leave Noel House, Ke"'
sington, for Loudon Castle, in Scotland.
The Earl of Shelburne arrived at Lansdowne House
yesterday from Bowood Park. His Lordship is going t°
the German Spa in a few days.
Count Potemkin, the Russian Ambassador at Mu"
nich, recently formed a matrimonial alliance with a young
English lady, named Grainger, on a visit with her friends
in the Bavarian capital.
The Archbishop of York has arrived at Bishops'
thorp Palace. His Grace, who has occupied the episcopal
bench 46 years, is one of the keenest sportsmen among our
ancient nobility.
Lord Lovaine has retired from the Guards and re-
turned to England from a tour in the north of Europe.
The Eail of Brownlow has been on a visit during
the past week to Sir Robert and Lady Peel, at Drayton
111anor.
Earl Spencer has arrived on a visit to Earl end
Countess Grey, on his way to the north.
The Lords of the Treasury have awarded to the,.
late Town Clerk of Doncaster, Mr. Fisher, the sum r!'
8,4001. and interest, as a compensation for the loss of 10
office, which sum will be increased to upwards of 9,000/. by
the interest now due.
It is said that the sum paid yearly to Lord Dudley
Stuart by the late Duchess of St. Albans, namely, 2,0001.,
will be continued.
There are twenty-six new Irish Members elected for
the ensuing Parliament. Three brothers, sons of the late
Luke White, are returned ; also four O'Connells. There
were five of that name in the last Parlilment.
The Revising Barristers of the City of Lon
d°
will sit on the 15th of September, at Guildhall, for the pur-
pose of taking into consideration the claims of persons to
vote for Members to serve in Parliament.
The Earl and Countess of Winchilsea have arrived
at Dover, where the Noble Earl has taken a mansion, from
their seat, Eastwell Park, Kent.
The Earl and Countess of Radnor are entertaining
a distinguished party at their seat, Longford Castle, near
Salisbury. •
The Marquis and Marchioness of Bute are daily
expected to leave Luton for their seat, Cardiff Castle. t
ltretTelEvleeanrMiln
agal;rdqo Marquis i
hisuonfwt Camden Countess
otof vßisri
etacrikr,
iinsvonecodkb,il
atsAoßnral
yat nhn gad
nt od
an
u-
gs thrteeer,
Abbey'
Kent.
The Duke of Athol still remains in seclusion acit
Kilburn, where ho is occasionally visited by his family a 0
friends. His Grace enjoys good bodily health.
Sir William Paget, brother of the Marquis of An"
glesea, is at present in Liverpool, for the purpose of asca,r;
taming the state of crime, and the number of unfortunaln
females who infest the town, previous to devising some Pia
for
The their amelioration.
sportsmen are in excellent spirits at the 1°11_1::
coming season for partridge shooting. The birds are v"
plentiful.
Lord Stanley is not expected at Knowsley before
the middle of September. k on
Amongst the guests at Bolton Abbey last wee 'a,cl
a visit to the Duke of Devonshire, were the Dukesar-
Duchess of Sutherland, the Duke of Brunswick, the the
quis of Stafford, the Earl and Countess of Burlington,arti
Hon. George and Lady Louisa Cavendish, Scc. The P
broke up on Friday lust. The true
SIR JOHN ACKWORTH ObihiANNEY
friends of reform will be proud to learn that this Gallant.ooin
Admiral, who so nobly stood forward as their chilled to
the late contest for South Hants, has been aPP° of her
the important command of Commander-in-Chiefint/rent
Majesty's ships and vessels in the Tagus—an apP_°h,
which must prove highly gratifying to the worth
orld•
via W of
miral's feelings, and the gratification of our na y
got',
And sure are we that he will nobly uphold
the in
the wooden " walls of Old England," and maTtarnl ;rot
every sense of the word, the sacred motto of the In' wan
hero of Trafalgar, that—" England expects that eel
wilt do his duty."—Hamphire Independent.

Bank PRICES OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCk.
-.Ara stock.
3 2ll},i 11 1 India Stook 26
3 Per Cent. Re,L g 2.4, t,„' , Ditto Repots
~ Per Cent. Cons. 9114 4‘. ' South Sea Stock —
:6soPer Cent.........._.. ......... .-- Old Annuities .. ....... .- —
New
"%„Red......-.... ...... 100 99% 100 f New Ditto ..
Nc; -.7t per Cent. 9144% 3 per Cent. Annuities, 1751...
14, 0,1:r Cent... . ..... ........ Exch. Bills, £l,oon 4l 45 pa
a ..04Annuitl'istoexpire Ditto . - ... .........500 43 45 PIA
Jan
5, 1860
Oct.
...._ 10, 1859 14 15-16 Ditto Commercia' — pro
Jan. 3. 1860 w, --Ditto Advertised-- R, ....... —— P ilia. 5, is
' Bank Stock for Acc0unt......... -
April 5. 139 n............
o,;;mum
"!. 3, 1870................ ..... Consols for Acconnt
._— pm.

,If_IIICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
,stnan Bondi .........»....« ...... adman . —; Peruvian Bonds .... ........ .......
Bondslo3l4 I Ditto Account ....—...........
••.—....
.rat Ditto Account...". ........ .• —; Portuguese Bonds
11,Plian Bonds ........... ........ 8134 Ditto Account —
2tt", Account ............ ..... H Ditto New Bonds 39(4
"_.'106 Ayres Bonds ..... —! Ditto Account ... .........
•....
Ditto Account ...... —1 Ditto, 3 per cent. 25
thillian Bonds ..—... ......."..
Prussian Bonds —
Col/lino Account .........—.. ..... .. ..... —1
Russian Bonds, 1e22......... ••• /11,i
urnbian Bonds. ...... --
' Ditto Account ...... ....... ....• Ditto Account ........»....,,,, —1 Ditto Metallic —
Columbian Bonds, 1824 24li ' Spanish Bonds —
Ditto Account
D tnish Bonds .. •
73'; i Ditto Bonds, IHH 2O
Greek Account.::........ . ; Ditto Account _
"'reek Bonds.„ . ........
....
:-...' French, 5 per cent.......... —r —C.
Ditto Bonds, 1825 —' 4 per cent. —f. —.c
mtlitto Account • 3 per cent
exican Bonds, 5 per cent.... —1 Exchange .....
Ditto A.ccount .......... ....... --; Dutch, 2K per cent. ......527,, % %I;
Ditto, 6 per cent. .... ..... 2414 ' Ditto Account — , Ditto Account.« " 102 Mi
'oanolitan . ....".......
Ditto, 5 per cent.
' Ditto Account
... .....

PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Paid. Per Share
Ore
45 54 5
~. at Western Railway Company
righton Railway Company (SteYenson's) 5 11%704
'undo') and Birmingham Railway Company 9(l 13”, 140
Ditto 4 Shares
Manchester and Birmingham Railway 5 4%
tondos and Westminster Bank 2O 20%

MAILS.
Attired, MAILS.
Arrived. Due. Arrived. Due
0 America........., 0 1 France 0 (L Lisbon 1
0 Brazil ............ 0 0 Guern. &Jersey 0 0 Malta .... 0
0 onenosAyres.. 0 0 Hamburg 0 0 Mexico I
0 Carthagena...... 0 0 Holland ......
.... 0 0 Ostend 0
I Dublin... .. 0 0 Jamaica
1
1 0 Sweden 0
Opera .. . ... 0 0 Leeward Islands 0 1 Waterford 0

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
it,
...
'"rnin2...... 41 minutes after 1. 1 Evening 3 minutes after 2.
____

SPECTATOR'S COMPLETE LISTS of
LORD MELBOURNE'S HOUSE of COMMONS,
With the POLLS of 1837 and 1835, in parallel columns.
NEW MEMBERS, DOUBTFUL. Ditto, REJECTED Ditto,
GAINS and LOSSES,
TABLES of COMPARISON, Sce., price 6d.
'` This pamphlet is one of the most complete that has ever fallen
Under our observation, and for its accuracy and impartiality is de-
terring of a most extensive circulation."—New Farmers' Journal.
Clayton publisher of the Spectator, 7, Windsor-court, Strand.

PORTRAIT OF THE QUEEN.
THE SEPTEMBER NUMBER OF
C OLBURN'S NEW MONTHLY
MAGAZINE AND HUMOURIST,
EDITED BY THEODORE 1100 K, Esq.
Is embellished with an ORIGINAL LIKENESS of HER
'IAJESTY, as she appeared on the Day of Proclamation ; and
torltains, among other Contributions by Distinguished Authors:-
11'e Gurney Papers. By the Brown, Jones, and Robinson.
Editor. By Douglas Jerrold, Esq.
minaey in France. The Painter's Daughter.
COafessions of Ralph Restless. The Golden Pippin. By Alfred
'BCaptain Marryat. Crowquill.
t the Salt Mines of Sals- Philosophy in the Influenza.
burg. The Old Watchmen. By the
The Plagues of Popularity. Author of " Glances at Life."
Ben
Jonson. By the Author of An Election Anecdote.
" Glances at Life." The Sporting Bet. By Benson
A Ride in the Great Western Hill, Esq.
Jungle. Forget and Forgive. By E.
The Phantom Ship. By Captain De Fonblanque, Esq.
Marryat. &c. &c.
Henry Colburn, Publisher, 13, Great Marlborough-street.

771 e publication of THE SUN NEWSPAPER commenced this day

at 10 minutes past Three o' Clock.

Vribt ann.

LONDON.
TUESDAY EVENING, AUGUST 29, 1837.

The Report of a Select Committee of the House of
Commons on Turnpike Roads in Ireland, which will
be found in our columns of this day, demonstrates how
immeasurably the Parliament of the United Kingdom
has been distanced in the encouragement of wholesale
jobbing by the defunct Legislature of College Green.
In the expert practice of the petty details of the system,
our countrymen, from the sweep to the senator, are
remarkably clever adepts. We could always manage a
rntish job, a corporation job, a borough job, or a man-
'the-moon joint-stock-company's job, with any
People in the world ; but a job on a scale so exten-
tire, so preposterous, so dishonest—so universally in-
jurious, and ao numerically limited in the distribution
of the pecuniary gain accruing from it—as the Lime-
rick Road job of the Irish Parliament, never existed
for ten years consecutively in this kingdom. Indeed,
so disgraceful a job to all connected with it—in and
out of Parliament—was scarcely ever before submitted
to the British people. As the details of this affair
are summed up with great distinctness and brevity in
the Report, we will not here recapitulate them,
aware that any language we might use could not
convey a stronger impression of the importance
of the facts themselves than that employed by the
Committee : but after a careful perusal of the evi-
dence given before that Committee, and the documents
submitted to it, we have come to the conclusion, that
the Acts of the Irish Parliament, under which the
Messr:. TAYLOR and BOURNE claim a right to ex-
orbitant tolls, were the result of a corrupt negociation
between certain Members of that Parliament indivi-
dually, and the Road-contractors. The Acts were
Paid for in hard cash. This is the only feasible inter-
pretation of the business. The object of these Acts
clearly was to give the Contractors so complete a mo-
110Poly of the road, as mail-coach proprietors, that it
would be impossible for them to experience any oppo-
sition ; for, as Sir EDWARD LEES well observed in a
toinute to the Lords of the Treasury, dated December,
1832, " it could not have been supposed that any
at)eculator would be insane enough to establish a stage-
oosch in opposition to the mail, on which, if he car-
tied more than three outside passengers, he would
Lave to pay a toll-duty of nearly 11,0001. a-year."
This object they accomplished ; and had it not been
for the dishonest avarice of the Contractors, who perse-
vered in subjecting the Irish Post-office to the demand
of exorbitant tolls upon this line of road, it is probable
that the abuse, as regards the public generally, might
have gone on till doomsday without attracting any at-
tention. The claim of additional toll upon the Irish
Post-office, was first successfully resisted by Sir
EDWARD LEES, the Secretary, in 1811. He took
by the question on public grounds, and though opposed
iu Opinion to some of the most eminent gentlemen at
the Irish bar, he maintained his view of it with so
much ability, and by his memorials to the Irish Go-
Yernment and to the Lords of the Treasury, brought
Public opinion to bear upon it so forcibly, that the
Messrs. BOURNE and TAYLOR were glad to allow
their claim to fall into abeyance rather than provoke
the final decision of the House of Commons. It ap-
Pears also from a report of Sir EDWARD LEES to the
Lords of the Treasury, dated " Edinburgh, 14th
April, 1836," that Mr. BOURNE had other " very
Sufficient reasons for allowing his claim to lie dormant"
from 1811 to 1832, when it was again revived.
t
esides the " risk of an investigation being made
into the circumstances connected with the improper
extension of his monopoly on the Limerick road, by
the
t Act passed in 1798, and of measures being taken
13 do justice to the public by repealing that Act, Mr.
"RNE held a lucrative contract for the conveyance
of the Limerick mails, of which he had a residue of
tenure until the year 1823, and he was most anxious
t° Obtain a renewal of that contract. While this im-
portant affair remained to be settled, and, indeed,
Lending numerous discussions as to its renewal, Mr.
cll3*alms WINE
took care to say nothing of his pretended
for arrears of toll. At length his mail contract
0
herenewed in 1830 for a period of ten years, and
n--h •
dert L. _ avm.g secured his interest in this lucrative un-
tt was then that he ventured to submit his
aPaPli
Eeati .0 the of RtcHmoND, when the
arls o,on
1./
NEIL
Whenj m
silLf
land RossE were no longer in office,
ye lad left Ireland, and when the circum-

stances connected with his claims were supposed to be
forgotten, and when some of the parties who knew
best about the matter had been dead some time." In
another part of the same Report Sir EIOWARD LEES
says—" I consider the claim, under all the circum-
stances that surround it to be the most extraor-
dinary, the most unjust, and the most improper
ever made on the public purse ; a claim which
twenty-one years ago I thought for ever set at
rest, and which I feel has been now revived
only because in the opinion of Mr. BOURNE the
circumstances under which it was opposed may be
forgotten, that documents may be lost, parties whose
opinions were hostile to it may be either dead or so
placed as to secure him from farther opposition from
them."

It will be readily admitted by every intelligent per-
son in the three kingdoms, that no road monopoly
could inflict a thousandth part of the injury upon such
an establishment as the Post-office, which, under a
similar regulation, it must occasion to the commercial
relations existing between such cities as Cork, Lime-
rick, and Dublin. If, therefore, Sir EDWARD LEES
saw so much to object to in the abuse denounced in
the Report of the Committee of the House of Com-
mons as regarded the Post-office alone, in what indig-
nant language would he not have expressed himself
had he viewed it in the light in which it must appear
to an extensive corn-grower or merchant in the
south of Ireland, in the habit of carrying on
large trade with the capital ? Extravagant tolls
are all that is wanted to ruin the internal trade of
a poor country like Ireland. The certainty of having
to make a large immediate outlay in the shape of tran-
sit duties, and the uncertainty of a ready-money de-
mand to remunerate the producer for so great a hazard,
must prove most injurious to the internal trade of Ire-
land. Nevertheless, Ireland might have groaned under
this abuse for centuries to come, had not the monopo-
lists grasped at the entire revenue of the Irish Post-
office. To make sure of 22,0001. of alleged arrears
of Post-office toll, they have unconsciously urged the
Parliamentary exposure of one of those foul jobs
which reflect such deep disgrace on the memory of the
Irish Legislature.

The Morning Post is exceedingly angry, because
it finds itself puzzled for a satisfactory answer to the
assertion that the Ministerial majority in the new Par-
liament is not exclusively Irish. Our Contemporary
will not allow that a majority comprehends the whole
number attached to any particular system of policy, but
thinks itself at liberty to restrict the meaning of the term
to that portion or surplus which remains, after it has ba-
lanced the opposing parties, according to a standard
which it sets up for itself, and which is, of course, very
favourable to its own party views. The majority is "ex-
clusively Irish," quoth the Post, because, " taking
the whole body of the representatives of Great Britain,
we find that, upon a division of that body into Minis-
terialists and Oppositionists, the Ministers are in a
minority. If they outnumber their opponents, it must
be by the aid of Members returned from Ireland,
in virtue of Mr. O'CoNNELL's conge d'elire." This
may be exclusive but it certainly is not conclusive
reasoning ; for on the principle of calculation here as-
sumed it would be just as easy to prove the reverse of
the proposition, namely, that the majority is not ex-
clusively Irish. Our Contemporary goes to work after
the following fashion—lump England and Scotland to-
gether and there is a majority against Ministers ; their
majority is therefore exclusively Irish. Now, suppose
we were to say, which we have a right to do, take
England and Ireland together, and there is a majority
in favour of Ministers ; there is also a majority for them
in Scotland ; therefore their majority is not " exclu-
sively Irish." This shows the fallacy of those dis-

tinctions which the Post, and its coadjutors of the
Tory press, are in the habit of drawing be-
tween the quality of the votes derived from the
different portions of the empire. Such distinctions
are in their very nature arbitrary, and can never hear
the investigation of any intelligent person, though it
may suit the purposes of faction to hold them up to
the public as very important elements in calculating
the relative strength of parties. The empire to all
political intents and purposes is ONE, or else the
Unions of 1707 and 1800 arc nothing better than
shreds of old parchment ; and the only real distriction
which can be made between the vote of any one mem-
ber of the United Parliament and that of any other,
must be derived from the number, intelligence, and in-
dependence of his constituents. In all these important
particulars, it is needless to repeat, the Liberal party

. .
hare immensely the advantage in the New Parliament ;
and it is the consciousness of this that drives the
organs of the other—the illiberal party—to such shal-
low and sophistical expedients to depreciate their op-
ponents, as that to which we have just alluded.

The Emperor of RUSSIa has issued a Ukase which

—by way of a joke, we presume—he calls an act of
amnesty, whose principal object, it seems, is " to
grant certain mitigations of punishment to those
amongst the exiles in Siberia who, although blackened
by error and crime, have by their subsequent conduct
merited that our compassion should be exercised to-
wards them." We infer from the publication of this
Ukase that the Northern NERO is meditating some
fresh act of deadly outrage upon Poland ; for it is
remarkable that the Russian monarchs never make a
public formal boast of their uncommon clemency, ex-
cept when they are on the eve of committing some new
atrocity. Thus the invasion of the Crimea, under
CATHERINE, was prefaced by Ukases and Manifestoes
without number, breathing the gentlest and most be-
nignant spirit towards the duped inhabitants ; and in
like manner, not an act of murderous tyranny was
perpetrated during the last Polish revolution, but it was
ushered in by a series of public declarations, wherein
NICHOLAS addressed the Poles in the language of
kindly paternal remonstrance, beseeching them to lay
aside all thoughts of further resistance, and to trust to his
clemency and sense of justice, which was that of a
fond father towards his misguided children. The in-
fatuated Polish patriots took the EMPEROR at his
word, and what was the consequence ? They were
persecuted without mercy ; the flower of the nation
were sent to perish in the deserts. of Siberia ; women
and children were imprisoned, tortured, and not unfre-
quently murdered ; and even the infant was torn by
assassins from the mother's breast, and flung to rot in
the highway. As if this were not enough to satisfy
the vengeance of the Imperial " father" of his Polish
children, the very language of the country was
proscribed, and the Russian ordered henceforth
to be taught as the vernacular tongue. Remembering
these things, we conceive we are justified in regarding
the present Ukase as a signal for the renewal of atro-
cities against the Poles ; or if not that, that at least it
is intended as a mere mockery'. For what is its lan-
guage ? To say nothing of its being clogged with
exceptions, which render it a mere nullity, it tells the
Polish nobility who are at present withering in Sibe-
ria, that those " who, during a thirteen years' resi-
dence, hare attracted by their good conduct
the attention of the local authorities, shall be
allowed to leave the class of colonists, and enroll
themselves into that of inhabitants of the towns,
or to enter the military service in Siberia, or
beyond the Caucasus, as common soldiers, according
to general conditions laid down for persons of this de-
scription. The chief local authorities may alsl, after
investigation, allow them to enter the civil service in
Siberia likewise in the lowest capacities, with the ca-

pability of promotio❑ into the most inferior class of
officers, after twelve years service, and may intercede
with us on occasions extraordinarily drawing attention
for permission for some of them to return into govern-
ments of the interior, with the right of entering the
military or civil service in the lowest capacities."
And this is the Ukase which the NERO of the
North thinks it an act of superior clemency to
issue to the Polish patriots in Siberia, at the
" express intercession of his son, the heir to the Rus-
sian Throne !" This is the boon which he bestows,
in his exceeding benevolence, on the flower of the
Polish Nobility ! After thirteen years of the most
aggravated slavery, they are to be allowed to enter into
the military ranks of their enemies " as common
soldiers !" If this be not the most cutting insult--
the most gratuitous mockery, which none but a fiend
could conceive, we know not what is. However, as
the old Polish proverb has it, the good time is coming
when Poland shall again rear her head among the
nations.

We have barely space to point the attention of our
readers to the article in another column headed, " Fic-
titious Votes in Scotland." It will serve to show the
true value which ought to be attributed to the votes of
Members of Parliament chosen by mushroom consti-
tuencies.

The Paris Journals of Sunday, the whole of which
we have received, discuss at much length the events
connected with the downfall of the Spanish Cabinet.
The Journal des Debats can make neither head nor
tail of the important changes that have been effected
through the most contemptible agency ; and by way of
consoling CALATRA VA and MZNDIZABAL, reminds
them that if they lost their places in consequence of the
hostility of seventy-two officers, they owed their eleva-
tion to the insubordination of Serjeant GARCIA and a
handful of disorderly privates. There is, however, a
material difference between a revolution effected by a
Serjeant at the bead of his company, and a revolu-
tion brought about by seventy-two officers of high
rank, well understood to be in the confidence of a
Commander-in-Chief, with an army of 100,000 men
at his back. The first cannot proceed from any de-
monstration or apprehension of physical force, and
therefore must, if successful, be regarded as an indivi-
dual expression of the national will. Serjeant GARCIA
was, and could only be, the mouth of liberal Spain.
Not so the military traitors who upset the C AL ATRA VA
Cabinet. They represented the physical influence of
the army ; and consequently the instant it is discovered

that the Cortes have nothing more to fear from its li-
centiousness, we find them denounced as traitors by
all parties in the Chamber. In the sitting of the 18th, re-
ferred to in our columns of yesterday, the Cortes voted
an address to the QUEEN, expressive of " the painful
sensation experienced by the Constitutional Cortes, on
hearing what had taken place among the troops in the
environs of the capital, and praying her MAJESTY to
punish severely the authors of an act of insubordina-
tion which constituted a violation of her Royal pre-
rogative." This address was adopted with acclama-
tion by all the Deputies present—a convincing proof
of the vast difference between the La Granja and the
Prado revolutions. Senor MADOZ assured the Cortes,
that though he had always opposed the CALATRAVA
Cabinet, he regretted to witness its fall in a manner
that cast a blot on the glorious revolution of La
Granja. The act of military insubordination was
only a hollow pretext for changing the Ministry, which
was really the consequence of occult intrigues—the
work of the secret partizans of Do❑ CA rums, who
mask themselves under the guise of Estatutists and
Moderate Constitutionalists. This was evidently
glancing at ESPARTERO. Senor INFA NTES, Go-
vernor of Madrid, went still further. He toad the
Deputies that the late Ministers had foreseen all that
had happened ; and that they were only prevented from
making important disclosures by a regard to the public
welfare. The time for such revelations had not
arrived. From all this we arrive at the conclu-
sion that the Cortes rightly appreciate E PAR-
TERO'S conduct, and that his tenure of the Presidency
of the Council will be as brief as his manner of ob-
taining it was disgraceful. He wants the ability to
reap the advantages of his villany. This is already
obvious. He has evidently not the talents for soarko-
above mediocrity either in good or evil.
What other news we have received from Spain will
be found in the subjoined extracts from the Paris
Journals. _

The Editor of the Europe, a legitimist French
lady Journal, has been sentenced to pay a fine of
8,000 francs, and be imprisoned for a year, for an
attack upon the ORLEANS' dynasty :
We announced yesterday, after the Journal des Debats,
the death of Baron Louis. It is an error. He was still
alive at one o'clock yesterday afternoon ; but there is little
hope of his recovery. On the proposal of the King, the
Minister of Marine has just decided that a general officer
of the army shall be commissioned to proceed to a general
extraordinary inspection of the troops in garrison at Sene-
gal and in the French Colonies in America, as well as of
the depot of theitvro regiments of the Marine at Landerneau.
Major-General the Count de :Ligneville, Commander in
the department of Java,: has been chosen to fulfil this
mission. After having made the genet al inspection of the
depot, he will leave Brest in the month of October next,
on board a king's ship, and go successively to Senegal, Cay_
enne, Martinique, and Guadeloupe.
The Governors of these colonies are directed by the ex-
isting regulations to make a general annual inspection of
the troops of all arms within the limits of their govern-
ment. But, independently of the advantage which must
arise from an extraordinary inspection by a General Officer
of the army, it has appeared desirable to examine what
have been the effects of the Royal Ordinance of the 14th
of May, 1831, which created from the ordinary service of
the garrisons of our colonies special regiments, which,hovv-
ever, are organized in the same manner as the regiments of
the line.

The Gazette du Midi of the 23d, publishes a long letter
from Palermo of the 10th of August, on the sanitary and
political situation of Sicily. With respect to the former it
says that several towns have not yet been affected, but that
they cannot escape ; as for the politicul situation it gives
the following details :
Palermo, which has had its glorious days, has submitted
to the lawful authorities, since it learnt the creation of per-
manent councils of war, and the military executions. The
arrival of the Neapolitan squadron at Reggio has not a
little contributed to bring back to their duty the new heroes
of July.
The people have themselves seized the ringleaders of the
revolt, and delivered them up to legitimate authority.
They have thus spared themselves many misfortunes.
Why have not all the revolts which have succeeded each
other during the last seven years ended in the same man-
ner ? Europe would be more tranquil and more happy.
Order is restored at Messina.
The Neapolitan squadron sailed on the 4th for Syra-
cuse, where it must have arrived the same day. Twenty
hours will prove sufficient to restore order.
The military executions at La Baguerie, Marineo,
meri, Abatte, Fermini, Capace, Curini, and Corleoni have
restored tranquillity there. Some of the assassins have
escaped into the mountains, but they will soon be taken.
Here three ringleaders have been shot, and tranquility
is entirely restored. Trade, however, suffers greatly. In
a country like this where the death of a merchant is al-
ways followed by his bankruptcy, it is easy to imagine in
what a situation retail trade must be. The Government
has granted a delay of two months to pay the notes of the
Custom-house, but this will be a slight relief. We shall be
glad •f the thirty millions which the constituents of 1830
so generously voted in France, and of which they took a
good share for themselves.

- The Board of Health decreed the day before yesterday
absolutely to rofuse admittance to all importation from
Genoa, and to suspend the admittance of those from Mar-
seilles.—Le Conzme re.

Mr. Betts, ornithologist, of Woodbridge, has a
duck with two perfect heads, batched a few days since.
On Monday Hayfield and the neighbourhood was
visited by a tremendous whirlwind. Mr. Marriott bad a
six-acre field in cock near Hayfield, and the whirlwind pass-
ing that way, swept most cf the hay a distance of from one
to two miles, and scattered it in such a manner, as to ren-
der
it impossible to be gathered again.—Derbyshire Chron.

LLOYD'S SHIPPING.-(THIS DAY.)

DEAL, AUGI. 28.—Wind S.S.B.—Sailed the Heroine,
Gu"len, for Sierra Leone.
Pea-rxmouTn, AUG. 28.—Wind S.S.E.—Sailed the Bar.
retto, for Madras;" and her Majesty's ship Hercules, for the
-vestward.

PLYMOUTH, AUG. 28. —Wincl E.—No arrivals.

FALMOUTH, AUG. 27.—Wind E. S. E.—Arrived off port,
the Vernon, Davis, from Madeira ; Alchymist, from Quebec ;
and Atlas, from Nantz.

STANGATE CREEK, AUG. 28.—Arrived the Bell, ill'lnnes,
from Tarragona.
DARTMOUTH, Auo. 21.—Arrived Emma, Silly, Demerara.
PENZANCE, Aro. 27.—Arrived off port, the Emma, from
Canton 16th April, India, Batavia, sailed 10th May, Cape of
Good Hope Ist June, and St. Helena 1 Ith ult.
LIVERPOOL, Ave. 27.—Arrived the Elizabeth, Wood, from
St. Petersburg; and Stadt, Berlin, from Konigsberg..
BELFAST, Ace. 26..—Arrived the Solon, Smith, from Pug.
wash; Jessie, Davidson, from St. Petersburg; and Corde-
lia, M•Mahon, from St. Petersburg. '
OFF FILET BAY.—Tho Cyrus, Harrison, Sierra Leone.
WMITEBOOTII ROADS. —Arrived Abram, Hibbs, Greenland.
Ilumnsta, Ace. 27.—Arrived the Volunteer, Clark, from
Pugyvash.
HULL, Are. 27.—Arrived the Gazelle, Dixon; Thomas,
Potts ; Hermes, Roxby ; Nancy, Winch ; Preston, Arnot ;
Castlereagh, Lumsden, and Catherine Ann, from Archangel.
PENZANCE, Ace. 27.—The Allen, Swansea to Truro, struck
on the outer Stag Rock, off the Lizard, last night, and sunk ;
crew saved.

BRIDLINGTON, AUG. 27.—1 t blew a heavy gale yesterday
from N. N. E. About 120 sail were brought up in the Bay.
A loaded sloop foundered off Flamborough Head.

The Earl of Errol, bound to London, has put back to
Aberdeen, having been on shore.
The Providence Good Intent arrived at Yarmouth, leaky,
bound to London.
