St mmE.-=No FIXED PRIZE!

• 2 of 25,000 Guinens in G01d....52•500
2 1 .20,000 40,000
2
5
5 . . ssoo 2,609
10
15 . • . 100 0 • 1,500
30
.1,000 ' • , 2.1 • 24,0J0
tio
4 4 41„ '. . • .. .'. ,lO , .4G,040
-----

8,671 Prisei,'ALL IN .MONEY., •-• • L. 200,000
.Begin,. Drawing the 14th of F.EfiItUARY.
TICKKTS add SEEM att. sOlltirby BURNE,
anit.Co; 'Stnak..ileoliers) the Cnitkractors,'Sonth bate of the
1114,1 Exchange; where, in the late and fo.rnier Lotteries,
Nrimt4- hire been sold exceeding id Amount TWO MIL-
LIONS taTEitLING. ~- •
N.B. The Contraetorfifeel a. grateful pleasure in aeknow.
lidging.throlumerpui and Itighlprevpeytable.testitnunials al-
ready 'leek ed, in approval of the above Scheme.

. NEW USIC. -
Y. SPOusa,,AND 1.---The Arusic .—The titit
,
ILL ' highly popular Farce, now pei•torniitig at -the Theo-
, t reittoyal,l)cury-latio, 'composed. by John, Whitaker, is tb-ii
DO published by Bgtiitoti andSoniNui, 75, St. Paii I's Choi cit.-
ysrti, pries ,35..- :-

, .
XAAIINER.—A. New Volm ue (the 9ch) of
Altis Weekly Newspaper will commence with tlw New
tear. It contains• no -Atlveitisert, ti of. ny sort, open or
concealed; and consists entirelY, in addition to the tit:us' of
the Week, of Political, and Nliscrilalleous Essass ;--
the first written in jealons :pita of English liberty ; tfie se-
cond,ou Thofttrical,'Subjects; the third. on Men and :stunners
in general, • with a particular eye 'to the interests of sound
Poetry. The whole,.riglit or wrong, has' nintsition ~f
ticipating the judgnient potiterity.—Exaatiner-Office, 21,
Mardetielane,Covept-garden,Pet. 1815. ' •

. '.• MRS.• H. MORE'S POEh •
• This Day was published,
. Elegantly printed in a pocket volume, Nice ts. 6d. hoards,
THE SEARCH AFTER HAPPINESS !
Pastoral Drama; and Other PO IiMS.
By HANNAII• MORE:
Printed for'''. Carlin nnd. W. Davies, Strand.
• Of whom may he had, . •
SACRtD DRAMAS : chiefly intended for Young. Per-
aous—tise subjecia. taken from the Bible, to which is added.
Sensinilitv ; an i..pistle. The Twentieth Eilitign, with .ad-.
&thins, elegantly printel in a: pocket volume, with a Por.
trait of Mrs. Marc, price 25. 61 in boards; or in one- vol.
2nw.. price ds. in boards ; and
Nob' Eiljtioni of all Mrs. More's other Works.

This
.Day wis published,

Irt*lleatv fulti•uluseifY•priate(l small aro, enntaiPing
Ia plates,, price tid. in boards, a New Edition of

. ,
, ._ . ...
N ri: W 'S Ysr EM of D,0:11 ESTI (.e b0x-
.41114/, kart ,• fornti'd upori4liliiiiples oil lie...mans' yi,: tut,
idaprit to the Use of. PrlvatikVamilies. Comprising alsotha
Art of Carr ilivOliseitlitiraiio ei4 themmingement of the-Ditiry; •
mud PollitrYtll4d, Instrttelimos i fur Home Urewerys Wings'',
Ace. ; Cookery 'WWI( gitlt 'optt: for'the 1).,0r ; many 'very inv.
'`Suit .Miscrllanuisukt •gt c.itVr 4E014141 I )irect lois% ' prolier :to 'be
gketi to Servants noth:ll.-Tiswit nail Cioi in rv. '1 v. which it.
'. Rrtfixvd, .in •Essay. rni DiiitiOsiiinitogiiiouty ;toil lioiviehultl.l-to-
unttuclit, voinpriglig'manyolise;Cativnis.v.blelv will he found
liarticularly useful to tlielleviftress-itta Wittily. • • '
• . • ,i ,PA.Y.4.14.PY.,,. •
"'This it really drip Cf' the "most praciiciillY it,"efill boolit of
, Inf ,whiehr we bAtTe'ivtl) toit.tku sithjept•. • ;Thu Lady Vsllts hop.
written it, ha; not studied how• to form ,expeuvive articles (or
luxurious tAhles,4 bat: to birobinichviret with economy:l.B4a
his given her directions in. a plain sensible-matir.cr that every
hotly can Itudeistrintigiild' 'these see-tint confined merely to
cookery; but areicateinleri to at variety of objects in visa it) fa-
milies ;‘ by which me.tirs the utility of the hook is very much
iticrefsiva iloived. . .: . .
Pritocil for John hittrray,sl, Albemarle-street , sold also by:.
LotigtootiAltliktin; iticbarilsuti, Liickingtoh, T:button It Wilson ,
Yorki.• guselay, Gainshorough ; W. lllockwimd, Mundell,
ansf' tlis;-EdibWritetil 'q.i .Comitittig, Debliii :"and' bv 'every
Nokst'lier Rod Norstotili to England, Scotland, , aullirelatirl.
Orviliain ilia'', he hactlately pnblished, the New Family Re
crlist,hook. NinViLdititut) is. titl.

KY tiT j

A;VDItPic4
Itis Royal Itithgests„the DEMI
F4rl of Egrramq
Earlof Leitrim -
10.4100. R. 111 Slturidal, M. r.
Hob. Col. J. tiarry, P.

DISP;NSAItr*

F, tit : TORK , ProAdent, ail('
.ce'ef OfCvern utr.t—
. I:Col, W 4.,.1m1c5, \l. y,
Juihn taitouche, Esq..M. P.
C 44. 11. Clements, m,i).
Capt. J. flay. . .
, .
I'l c• Ki c r Mtn, AtenlhOrilf t hfAOl%3ll C9ll V.l Txtrloo 4
r 11.114 -above' ,ESTAIiGISEINI "VT -unites the
AL ;afitty of a litruLic iNsTritnl(N, win a I)etir,acy,
14A0nP.otir, and Secrecy, that belongs to Private' Practice. Aml,
.11111.clesl to its high rairousgri•-itr,,is- centitteted by such Profes-
'siotial,Skill and extaii!iive Prattice, that the worst Vases of
Difkiiii4lisft4trictuYetri`Delitlity; [lterations;' &c'. boweseir
itiveteiati or of longhtatuling., exocrirucc a rotiplete ,t'ure.
as well as .that Deraugcment of the fieue:ative Organs,
widish intpdlra Me Constittst inn 'and lliurteni Lite. ,‘ , - •
Mil Kiernan may ha consulted:4ly I'it3ienta'of. both sexes,
t,hill private house, Na.- el.:, LosrerShartot,te-street, lied-
lisvd-situare, Where thelfileessary itlitiiie Anti Medicines will
'-' Ise silreif,br sent t 41110170 rfiirt'ef tht •lllNititri'Kitigdosti... '
Thsvpity:was;pnblibtied price 4.-.. aoarl:,. by F. Kiernan,
a Second and ImprOved gdition eif.ir reacti‘a I 'treat ise era the
Venereal Disease aint its CensequeitCet, • s.iNl by Sherwood'
anikt.y; ltl, Pfttertioiter-t9w; -115141c7 hnd.Soiii 17.1, Hee-
, itrect ; gallows Cl9,ivti-ctr4ll4 Sabo and by all other Book,
.411444.,

GERMAN AND BRUSSELS PAPERS, . •
LRECSIVED.LAST NIGHT.]
LAVALETTE.
28.—1 t is positivelvailtrnte'
that Count Lavalette, passed through this city tht
'day before y-esterdayt It is added, that he ltad on
the uniform of a Power of the North, • and that
daring the few instants that he stopped _here; he
paid a alai to a foreign bfficer, who has been fot,
a abort time hers.
lec.29.—A report has been in circulation here
Since yesterday, that M. Lavalette arrived In this
city two days ago, and that after one hour's con-
ferenee tfith a French General, whom circum-
.
Stances brought hither, continued his route to.
proceed to Germany. These reports are uncer-
tain, and it is proper at this moment' to be on
our guard, in .this respect, against the manceitvro
of * certain party, which has excellent reasons
• •
for' misleading us in regard to-their projects. It
is this that they announced the arflval of Real, in
Belgium, to seek an laylttnt there, yet ihere is
no truth in it, unless this ancient procureurof the
Chatalet at Paris, .be -hid in someobsnre corner.
Real is one of the inen-who, under Ilnonaparte,
did the most injury to our country by his inquisi-
•torial measures, by his: subaltern tyranny, by the
narrow views' nt a procurcur in a redcap, and who
fiiiishetthy bring decorated with all the orders of
the Great-tutp;re, after having been an incendiary
journalist, a clubbist, and defender of the metn7
bera of ili.e.-revolittionary tribunal of Nantes, who
were staiiied'With the most odious crimes-,
It is reinarkable that the three men who did the
most Miscliiet in the latter part of the Government
of Blionariarre., had been journalists. The Duke
',of Bassanci (Marti) began his political career with
writing tar the Lognraphe:' Real wrote the bor-
r;hle JOUrnal intiiled " La .134tripte" in
Reg' tuittit:di St. Jean d'Angely,•.who. wrote for a
Journal of the day, at that' unhappy epoch, and
all these became the inyrinidoris of the most insupu
portable tyranny.
BRUSSELS, Dec. 28.—Four hundred' French
prisoners of war corning front Russia, and. last
'from Zwoll, are 'arrived here on their return to
their osin country.

HAGU'a. DIM; 26.7-The reports on the State of
the riversliaviug been more or less alarming for
sante daittfluist, kii,,Excellency the linke'of Ursel
is-gone to Qorinchem, which is the depot of .ths
Waterstadts, to take,;in case of, danger, measures
adapted to the Circumstances.
HAtativadtf,..PE. 44..7-They write from Fin-
lan4,-..thit the town .of. Fielsingforti is going-to-be
rebuilt on a vast plan,whiellit will requiroenor-
mous sius. to ekeetite are blowing up
rocks; and -filling immense' linll6W4; td-litvel the
-
grontul-for the new buildings. The whole ex,.t
pence. is borne by tl;t: pablic-treastiii.-- Those
persons who build private houses Obtain exemp-
tion Irmtaxcs, anti iti:tny other tolvantaysvrii.os
a greatmany handsonie buildings have beert:,ceeet-''
eti, as well 'a stone as of wont!, and.lielsinAfors •
will soon, become a charming town.

Ititufsti,‘, DEC- '28.7-Hanoverian troops of all
ATMs cautintie to pass
frill
this-city.;, is an-
itounc(plthat the last will arrive on the 30th.
Fhaue, I ec. sdclo that the 'lndict
for 1.814 ha, been-lAA befaelbe Council ot
'that it will be present(ltk the Stutes-Generai
I n the course of the next week.--It is afEr-metl
that his Majesty will visit Brussels in the month
of February.

Dtk.'l6.—The bridge of boats at Hu-
' t
ni'nguen is not yet soil, because the Austrian
, .
'Commissary will 'not sell it for 2000 florins, which
1i a been J4Tered...A great many new mines are
sinoleAtt_ Huuniguessi but pow tier is waatifig.

De•c. 1 7 .—Thp Emslcl; citstonj-boose*
arum :moved to the new line b.iyonti the Jara, ac-
cotliigg to the Treaty of Paris.

NAY.

UPON TBl 'MAIO:WI IN WHICH ISIAttOLIAL Mt WAS

Dt, F
(Frans a German Paper.)

The sentence in this important cause is now
pronounced, and execnted,• and we may there-
fore he allowed to clear up some points without
violating the duty which we owe to the unfor-

• tonate.
' Tk counsel tried to save tha.eucusecl upon t‘io
false giounds, orie of which inpartieulur seems to
us not to bare been placed In A due light.
One of the Marshal's Cumin! alielied the 12th

We ltaWreeeivetl, from a SatiftC that may bt
perfectly' depended upon, the following explana-
lions, which place this affair in, a.clear light.
When the killed armies were before Paris, and
threatened to.enter tbe capital by foree, the Pro.
visional Government .entered into hegociations
with the foreign Commanders•in.Chief, the main
object of whieb was to save the city of Paris from
total ruin. The President of this Qovernmenti
urgently entletvoured to obtain a general pardon
for all *tievery Frenchman,bf whatever nature the
crimes might he of which they might he accaaft
"Cd ; but this-was flatly refwed by the Allied Ge.
nerala ; they merely promised to pardon the in*
habitants of Paris,whatever they might have dont
against the Allied armies, and it was expressly
added, " If the. King designed to adopt 30 MO

measure against his nnfaithfuL Subjects, they, the .
foreign Generals, bad not to interfere in it."
The Provisional Government concealed this cir
eumstance of the negotiations, and thus gave
occasion to- an_greor which has been very detri-'
mental to inabylieettini.: The article. (12) of the
Capitulation', :atilt Wes clearly explained, has beet
therefore C.Onscientiausly observed ; for no inha...
bitant of Paris, was molested, after the entrance,
of the Allied Armies, on uccolint of actions,. that
related to these armies. The King could, there-
fore' without violating the 12th. Article -of the
Capitulation, call to.aceount such of his subject*
as bad been.guilty of disloyalty to-his .Majesty.' -
It is affirmed, that the Duke of Wellington-wilt
declare himself publicly on thii
The second false ground or-defence was; that
the MarsliaLws,sA.,mstivF.9(SAarlooll, whiCh was
ceqed to Germany on t4e. tOth of 144iittliek 'enitj
had therefore ceased to, he a Frenehmaii ; he could
sot, .therefore, be tried by the French laws, and- -
the Counsel appealed toll's taw of nations.
The Marshal himself memed angry that he
should cease to be considered as a Frenchman, and.
stopped the defences hut • the counsel clearly
sheered how ill he was versed ids the Law of' NA.
tioni ;. for, Ist, the birth place of tlje,faccused,t.,
when belecame unfaithful to the Ring, -wag stilt'
a Frenchlown, he 'himself a Vrench 'General, au a►
meoable to
_the french laws ; 211, a foreigner, veli
enters the wilco of another GoiernMent, is sub
jeer tc4e,lawi of thecountry which now is become,
his second native. land, the foreiiner issespecially
responsible to the new Government for all the dui.'
ties which he has taken upon himself, by accept.
ing a plar..,e c,in:ve,bother country. Marshal. 'Ney
therefore;ioevery case, even 111,e-were consider.
edl as a fiifeigner, was amenable to the French
laws as a French General.. This principle is,
felinded on aournon sense and On the law of na.'
This ignorance of the law of nations pro..
:seeds from the great blank in the public instruc-,
Jim), there not being in all France any professor
of the law of nations.

We remember on this occasion that some years
ago, and in the qovernment of iluonaparte,a
1 •
lessor of Strashurgh, who was a Member of the
Tribunal there represented to the Corsican Lhe,
necessity of founding a. Professorship for the Law
of Nations in the .French Universities, as ther,l
is in all the German Universities. When the
Strashurgh Professor pronounced the words droit
des gees (law of nations), Napoleon ,understoo+l
droits des homines (rights of man), which were
proclaithed with so much ostentation in the be-
ginning off' the French revolution, and of which
loonaparte himself had pretended to he a stre-
nuous adioeate.

But Buonaparte, who at this time considerefl
all the *mph
,as slaves, whose persons and pro-
pgrty belOngett wholly to himself, as his hired
speech-makers liltd loudly proclaimed, made a eery
face at the words right of nations, which he cone
founded with tights of man, and rejected the pro-
posal with the greatest indignation. The flood
Strashurgh,Professor but.narrowly escaped banish-
ment, ov even imprisonment, as a dangerous Jit.
robin or Repnblican.

Durcu MAIL,

(itECE.V,;CD ruts MMINING

DEC. 27.-'--TitC4 tlsbiMllCUrps tinder
General W,,..0nz0w is alrendy the positions
In the d-Aettrient of the Noetli,.which the Pros-
' elan tro4lie sw•—ssirely. lenve,.talcing the rand to
'Charleroi nail Natotir.: The Ad-renamed General
..-bas fixed his held-quartet:a. at. Niaabeisgel On'
-the 23d and following plays, several regiments of
eavniry and infifiltry went into canton-
ments, Which extend from LAndrecies to the
,:iainbre; By the 30th, the otherlttissian troops are
4!.,ciwcied which are to form part of-the army of the
Duke W( Ilington.These new arrangements are stip.
,posrd to be the cense that the occupation of the
f4l.tresses Inns been delayed—,,We hear it is now
fixed which troops shall tal4 pOiseitsion of them,
and we now expect daily to. 4etirpf,.their being
aetmilly delivered up. Whether the Illissinns

evil' occupy Charlemunt is not ktthwu. Theyens-
!thins Imre tail' a garrison at Givet, nr4 nothing
prlnonnees that the Russians are coming to take
their'place. The Prussiuns:have'ain a very nu-
microns garrison at Itocrof.The
acenonsi respeetit% the state of the rirets
are more fivoarable. The rise of the water
the. Upper. Rhine has ceasinl.' 'The dikes arc in
the best.state.

'IIAGLYL, DEC. 28 —ln the Sittings of the Sr.
eon(' Chamber, i Message was'received from the
First -Chisinber, announcing 'that it had approved
the law for 'pr&enting to the Prince of Orange a
• salable Palace, with the park of Terveuren, in
the wood:of Soignies. • •
Ilayssets,' Dec. 23:—The rectification of our
frontier line Wills have the happiest cOnscgoences
fat tire wel6tre of our ,country'. `lt is observed
that'sexeral persons known fortLtepitrevolutionary
rations,, and residiisg. in the places which are now
going to ,be gileti up to the Allies, are remOving
41111 going:to settle elsewhere, before, these troops'
take possession: :7 „

OCT. 17. O. S.—Ou the 111th inst. 'rtt
1 1 ;tt we. had three severo Sho4 ks of 311
eiirthtriskei which linivetier (11(15)61 djimaga.
Dpc. 1,401-4trintle H(l4
40ssed, thelidlowirig Order orthe'Vily to thi: GO;.,
'Nati Troops `under his dontmartil.;•,;oll ,the eve of
their ledyirio Fritnee ,•. •
• • -"-liettil quarters,. Compiegt*Oct. it, 1814.

" After the eniKluipti ofthe Negoeiations in
theltilied artioirsolutvb,reuk froJo France;
to reium,,to .their, homes. The verose- and the.
secilrity of Europe %tyre again, endangered ;, dirt.
otiminon danger vvAs..inet joiot exeitioes,, atul
success has crovvuei).our efAnrs.•:".ro fire Prosslan'.
army were joit,e(l the.troops of livs,e, Alerkieo-
burg, saxe-Altintat. and Gotha, Allenbilrg, • An.
hi It, !..elitvart7enberg, Lipre Hui) Wolitck., and
I have lout ,the !mown. to have them. twiive iny
These breve tronps• linye• gi vet), in they,
pre,:ent,wur, fresiiprools of their ancient-ralottr;l
awl it: is 'tartly to be aserilied to their otr-
shwance awl activity, ' that a cousiderahle
pea of the • line of fortresses. 01i the French
siootier. has' Infee-, eoretpereil.. by ,ins: ,In the
tmotuent %ellen the ;nerd): beck efainnienees, and
I cease to be the Comii!amler-in-Chief,
of these, troops, I• give the testintony. of the ,must
nourAle conduct ; I shell take pleasure in de.
cl.:,ring it to their Princes, and their Compton
cooqtry,

1 tiklink the Generals, the ScafF,Jsuit superior
Orticere, the subeitems nttti pi ivates al these brave
trodps,tor titeexertions 114Ve conthictett us,
ttpittti,' to ,victory,

14'1:C.11,ER."

LOUIS XVI. '

1N Trig SITTINC, 01" THE CITAMEER OF DEPUritiS 0.1/
• ' 28T11 OE' DEC.
1,1 tryd•C de &wine Hieetuled the ;Fri4une,
gird said; • '

4'6entkitten-4-It Las been` oh4erved, In a.11;e611
‘'thieh alive:m:4l: to proilnce ,lively sensation, that
hi! blood of 'Kittii,s.ctinniitHhe
21st of January eras not only a day'Of
taisfortnne and othortair 'fin. the Pretni:h nation I
it was a clay 'Of consternation 'to all civiiirai
Inteatne the horrible signal:Of the
10 in it ie.:). Earope.
- it 6evere triffitiles, if the tyranny of;Crornyvcil,
follmved the tn.irder of Charles' 1,, that of our
v'ltttotts,:klon.irch prochteed the inatis,icres ofS.ep-
tenther, the terror of 1793, the factions
_Govern-
itients ‘Articir sneceeded, the most odiourtyrktirty,
the shatite„,_ the. slavery, the perjury, Jii:4l;e;
,the
violation of the :sacred altar and 4.,,gmnpleta
overthrow of
:.I.,drope,

:LI v.

Vifil o kit, Gentle Men, that. the January
cven,hc to Fraticc it day 4.4,nonlining
doll of eXpi,stlini. the reetAlcction of it may
t.,. to ptopie a grciituittl • eteroal le:.;voa
that a solemn act, expres?jog the 3ciititnents
liitth animate us, may prove to ages to cuwu,

140 ,tl4:

yurnouretl, but Ave ',now Hot loa wlust
thorby, Oita 1-fAVALETTE has arrived in Englaud.,
IVe rather doubt the tact ; but suppose that should
it be true, tile Fugitive will be os secure here as
AtINA was in France when demanded by Faanz-
NAND VII. The. German rapersrsolte jhut LArA•
:ATTE had passed through 4hissels.

No Paris Papers have come to hand this
nairning.

Ictve received further Dwelt sod Ceram
I),lpers, bnt they do not contain any beers of po.,
litieAl value. ',the Allied ;only of conservation
is gradually forming its cantolU and tali,-
possessionof the fortresses in France,. *There
is it plain and soldier-like Address from the Veteran
lit,ucitert to lds countrymen,.the German troops,
WhiCll helms left under the command of the Duke
of WELLINGTON.

The Government packet 'Greyhound, 'licit,
iron) Cork to
.Bristol, with passengers, was to-
,tally lost on the CtilverSands, on'tlke night of
the 20th ult. when all on board Perished.

We are as strenuous advocates for retrenetiment
in our national expenditure as the most vehement
elm-Minters of the Opposition, and tha.only
cliff
fcrence between us is, that we support att:AdMi.
nistratiottr ,which is continually 'atfOrtlittg solid
proofs:at economy in'every branch the public
s-cryiell, against whom they raise an emery, upon
fal,Fic,aAsetlion:and exaggeration of circumstances
which are not peculiar to this,.Or that Ministry,.
but to: the situation of ,the,conntry.
An exampla.olthis son Was giv"o in that jrirly,
firitisl4 paper, the./Veining Chug:4le, t)( yesterday..
In one of its .patriotic .labours it -states: the )111-
'OOBl expenditure of Frauce at only seven miik;ons

a hat/" LESS_ the kitig' Minister, M.
GoivErro,uu opcni.ig lindgcr, and toking, of
course, the IhOet (ovum able view iie could of the
finances ; .antl the interest of our Notional Debt
at only twenty millions mane than it actualq
or hos been nientioned by the CuANCELL6g olllhe'
ornmt'
ExcitEntan.

Opts such accurate data the Writer straws
very comfortable picture of our distresses and
inevituble. ruin, which he truly says be has
10it,7 predicted /---so long indeed, that 'eVerybotty
lias,Ceated to' pay any Vegand to the croaking' of
theie polio al Sea,git/14,we1l described as always
Acretchldg the approach of foul weather, which
never arrives. That our pecuniary engagements
are immeiisel that our btirthens are heavy,
that there, is
,much distress in the country nts;one
will or can deny. But that our credii is
alsh good, our resonrcei infinite, and
oar
difficulties capable of being tessened or removed,
are truthi equally demonstrable and consolatory.
The
,existing stagnation of trade, and the airicul-'
tnralluiferings, which are but too manifest, na7
torally }61(1 necessarily result from the 'altered
iitate of things by the termination of the war:—
The sauna happened at the close of ,the Ameri-
CHU contest, and the evils were then very tem
pantry. Britain, rich in capital, in the industry,
activity, and genius of bar population, rebounded
from the shock, And rose in tenfold strength and
power. And so she will again. Commerce will
soon flow into the new and us yet' unseen:tomtit.
channels ;. society will again poise and .balance
itself, 'and. all the varying relations of the
different 'classes Of the community will
ac-
quire if-annul)), and consistency. It is only
during the period of transition That we algst
•
severely ,feel the inconveniences Of change ftlint,
one system to another-4*min the state of
with war expeuces and War prices, to the state' ist
Peace, with pence savings and reductions. One
part of the Connuisnorealth feels this at first more.
than aaother ithat purt:A_distresscd,. and itsdis-.
tress affeets•the whole
,tass, bust the case: very
speedily operates its: own remedy, and everything
finds its natural-and TelUtive level.

So 'pitch for the:general principle,ttgalu,st
these senseless and wicked clamours nre raiseiligZ
. .
As for the paroetitar coutra4tiostititted by, the
Chronicle betweeu France it iinlmtisi
too tibsorti otrrit notice.•Vhe prices of the. pub.,
lie funds are a coneltisive answer to the whole I irtitle;
—prOtTerOlis Prance havinii,herfire per cents at 59
and a fraction, while hanitrupt Broitiu hits her three
per cents, at above par. - tiefor& swit compoirisonx
~
can be fairly instituted, it would bealecestiary 60,
to demonstrate that the -,nations were equal in;
pruperty. • Otherwise, it is like telling a man of
I 0,0001. ..year,that he- is- -because he
spetol33oo.ol!, per nun, inore o,an his nei;l,l;b2nr
wiro,iworilt, no wore auto efitpyPt:
the argument 16 ton pa'pahlt: to titileatl atny co-
rn:.
Inoll 111)11V.ItitttlAling, yet 6ildi) is the fOlitldfttioll
tor arrptigni lig, in the olil tone, the PITT
pies, gabbling ftlyottc the lavish tsuste of nor row
sources, and potting the taunting tittestion.--x;!J
Where are we to limits for tbe boug.-proutiss
•
imlemnitv fur ti • and ecttrity tor Ibt'iti—
,

lure ?"

AVe will not reply to this far:Along rant by ask
ing :where would our indonnt,ty and security ball!
been bad we, followed the counsels of these Itrf;.-.
. .
source-litishanders; and stibmittitly as they ad-
vised, to an inglorioos Peace, dictated by their
Idol litroN APA tyre, with three-fortiths of Etitiakt
at his feet : hot we will tell them that our itideuq:
pity for the past is in the posseSSTo i.of the, keys
to every Ocean where our commerce may wish to
stretch her sails ; iu ioiving acquired the meevisle
proteet,.our industrious toils literally froth, pole
to pole; levying contribut iou'On 'a-vatignisheit
wnetuy entupassing, the. world with our great-
ness and glory :---that our security for the halite is
in the military tenure of heaving and turbulent
France; in the splendour of MI r victories in Spdirt,
under the walls of rafis4 and at ll'aterlini ; in,
the restoration of the equilibrium of. Europe ; in
the extiltutionof our watiotiatetiitracter tu a height
unknown.iii history, and which 'gives a' moral
strength, super ior tO physical, force
jt
I's, sit these thhigs t bat we have to 'loOk for
the long•promiskl hiessities" of the PITT Sys-
-
tem—let the 'Faction tell us froto *hut horrible
;destruction vre;liavit been saved by pursuing
its
and rejecting their dastardly,
,ot..t.t clschgrotts

•• Lord CAT TICAR r, our Ambassador, has arrivud
at Peters.bargi,.
The Etiiperor of AUSTRIA' was expected on the
18th- ult. at, Patina. All the: inscription.; on the
trintnphal.arek at the Reggio entrittiru, reit:Er:rig
to the vornuation of,NAfOLEON., had bt.1:11 Cff.leeft
ttsr the. purpose of being replact4f'hy the wtYrds—
Frtni 6.46 Parisi:4 feliciter redeuitti.
The marriage of the Itussian Archdttke Motto--
LAS Witll.4 Prussian Princes's is expected to be an--
nounce4 iniinediately at PetersOurgir.
