HOUSE OF COMMONS, MAT hi.

The SPEAKER took the Chair this day at Live o'clock,
when the Usher of the Black Rod appeared at the Bar and
desired the attendance of the House in the noose of Lords,
to hear his Majesty's assent given by Royal Commission
to different Bills.

The Speaker and the Members present then withdrew,
and upon their return from the House of Lords,

The SPEAKER aunouuet•d that his Majesty's Assent
had been given by Commission to the Isle of Man Corn
Bill, and several Private Bills.

A Person from the liank of England presented Accounts
of the Number of Notes in Circulation.

Mr. Draper presented returns from the Board of
Customs, in pursuance of the order of the Nouse.
On the motion of Mr. W. SMITII, the Thames Tunnel
Company Bill was read a third time and passed.
Lord LOWTIIER presented two petitions from Kirby,
Launceston, praying for a tax on the importation of Foreign
Wool.

Sir E. KN.ATCHBULL presented a petition from Mar-
gate, for the abolition of negro slavery.
Sir H. PARNELL moved fur an annual account of all
the Promissory Notes and Bank Bills belonging to the
Bank of England in circulation at the close of every week.
—Ordered.

Sir H. PARNELL also moved for a return of the nuum-
ber of Passengers taken by the Holyhead Packets in the
year 1827.

ANATOMY.

Mr. DICKENSON presented a petition from the
Surgeons of Bath, and Lord Stanley a similar petition from
Blackburn, complaining of the impediments thrown in
the way of the acquisition of surgical knowledge.
Sir N. COLTHURST presented a petition from Cork,
against the Corn Bill.
Mr. KENNEDY moved that a message should be sent
to the Lords, to request the attendance of the Earl of
Aberdeen, to be examined before the Committee on the
Scottish Entails Bill.

L m
u3n;ri Lord d,
Hi En
uU N presentedfavour
presented
l ta i
onpetitiono f petitions from
lfarvoenr Bury
froth Charles
St. d
Bird,-
of Plymouth, complaining of the manner in which Justices
of the Peace are appointed.
Sir T. ACLAND said, the statement of the Learned
petitioner respecting the Magistrates of Plymouth, and the
county of Devon, would upon enquiry be found to be ex-
aggerated. He considered the gentlemen of that county
who were in the Commission of the Peace, were as re-
spectable and honourable a body of persons as any in Eng-
land, and indeed the Lord Lieutenant of that county was
particularly anxious that the office of Magistrate should
not be filled by any gentleman whose previous conduct was
not such as to insure the performance of his duty properly.
—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. MOORE presented a petition from the Chamber of
Commerce, Dublin, against the importation of foreign
flour.

Mr. MABERLY moved for a Return of the quantity of
Hemp, Flax, and Linen Yarn, imported to and exported
from Great Britain and Ireland and Foreign Parts, during
the year 1528, specifying the official value of the exports
and imports respectively, and distinguishing the countries
to and from which such exports and imports were made,
and tLe amount of bounty paid upua the property during
the same period.
Sir G. MURRAY presented two petitions from the
owners and occupiers of land in Perthshire, praying for
agricultural protection.

The Order of the Day for receiving
the
e
the stability
Roman Catholic Claims having been read,
ROMAN CATHOLIC CLAIMS.
be conducive to the
Mr. SPRING RICE appeared at the bar with the Re-
port of the
ingly. Committee, which was brought
The following resolution having beau read a first time,
paueiadeeco ann
" That it is the opinion of this Committee that it is expe_
dient to take into consideration the laws affecting his ma_
with a view to such a final
jesty's Roman Catholic subjects, reupportacocnortdh:
of the Established Church, and the concord and satisfaction
of all classes of his Majesty's subjects,"
dcilsiatrteonrgythadojfustthrueen utnaistedmKayingdem,
The SPEAKER put the question that this Resolution
be read a second tune. _

Sir E. BRYDGES rose—lmpressed as he was with the

„ i",. . ._ , - -• ;or -.-. c• .
-. •
r'''',. -- ' .. ..
~ .
iMpOttanee Of alit resoluifiii, sad iCiprinati if tile baneful
influence it must have on 'the Proteatant institutions of this
country, lit felt that he ihoUld be guilty of a dereliction of
duty if he did not take every means in his power to defeat
It, and lie should therefore give it his opposition in
every stage. The advocates of this measure argued upon false
premises, and therefore it was curious to observe how they
were obliged to shift their ground ;,. they at one monsent
demanded it as a right, and at another moment as a boon
titre to ' the loyalty and attachment of the Roman
Catlirdies, and
.at another time they asked it as . the
only means of restoring tranquillity to Ireland.—(Hear.)
He would be as ready as any luau to agree to any
_measure
for the pacification of Ireland, bntcafter .41 iliat lad beer
said about Emancipation being a panpea for the evils of
that country, lie felt satisfied that so little did the peo-
ple care for Emancipation, that if a man were to travel
through that country with Emancipation in the one Land
and a sovereign in the other, the majority would accept the
portrait of their ruler, and forego Emancipation.
The resolution having been again put, .
Mr. Secretary PEEL said, as this was the saute.,
resolatiOn, which, after three nights' debate, had been
agreed on by the House, he did not feel him-
self bound to - offer it any opposition in that stage.—
(Hear, hear, hear.)—lle merely rose fur the purpose of
entering his former dissent from that resolution, and Le
trusted tkat whatever course the Ikn; Bart, intended to
pursue, he would give the House time for consideration.
, fit'FRANCIS BURDETT had no wish that any
tning should be done by surprise, or that sufficient
time should not 66 ,given for the consideration of this
question. His intenLion, before the Right Hon. Gent.
expressed a `wish for some delay was, that the resolution
should be now agreed to, and to follow it up by a resolu-
tion which he then held in his handythat the same should
be communicated to the Rome of Lords, and the concur-
rence of their Lordships required therei.7. But if the Right
Hon. Gent. would name a time when it ti
.6zld be conveni.
cnt to propose this resolution to the House he' t'.Sir F. S. )
should have no objection, if possible to aimede to Its;s s!ql-
..
gestiou. . .
'Mr. Secretary PEEL said, the latter part of the e econti
resolution appeared to him very important, apart from the
great question-itorlf. The House having come to a resolu-
tion of this nature, the usual and natural 4.ziirse was .to
take it into consideration, and to communicate the result
to the other House by Bill, or some other legislative p..ocee'd-
ing. As the Hon. Bart. wished to depart from that course
ant! adopt another, which though not without a precedent,
was certaitify very unusual,lhe should suggest that it would
be more suited to the dignity of both Houses to take two or
three days time for consideration, and not to give a nega-
five or affirmative at once to the resolution.

yond the ednetllaey-
Mr. /4. 111€1:, thought his 'fun, Friend, the Member
naforanTsptrnotpinosstieti;ofn,shiofuiltd
dacidcepntottl:extr:eniebet lion.
of a fear days, The House being about to communicate
with their Lordships, the object was to du so in a manner
most acceptable and respectful to thn House of Peers. In
one of the precedents, to which, as it had occurred in a
former Varliainent, it might nut be incorrect to allude, he
found declatatititis proceeding from a high authority, anti
expressive of a strong opinion with regard to the anode of
communicating with their Lordships. He found it stated
by a high and most respectable authority that, generally,
the better plan was, when either House of Parliament
adopted resolutions of an important character, either as it
respected political or private rights, for the House adopt-
ing these measures forthwith to contmuulesze them to the
other. This, which diretly referred to the inet!e of corn-
municating resolutions from one branch of the L45,:;,t,-.4',
to the other, was the opinion of Lord Eldon, and was de-
cidedly opposed to any unnecessary delay in the communi
cation. He contended, therefore, that the courts now
proposed to be adopted by the Hon. Baronet was iu strip .
accordance with a high and venerable legal aud.legislatic
authority, and that, so far from there being any attempt on
the part Of the Hon. Member for Westminster to take the
House by surprise, notice of his intention, had been dis-
tinctly given last night. It was clear there could be nu
offence to their Lordships' House were the course now pro-
posed lo be adopted, for it was'a course, under all
stanceft best suited to the particular' nature of the case,
'Perhajidi • however, the appointment of au early day for
taking the Hon. Baronet's Resolution inbi consideration
would suit' all parties, and remove the difficUlties which,
the Right Hon. Gentleman appeared to feel in rela-
tion to it.

Sir V. 13URDETT.—I[ the Right lion. lientlemati.
wishes for a postponement, I have uu objection to propo:ie
my resolution to-morrow, or on Thursday, or Friday, if
either if these 'days will be more couveuient. I think
Thursday would be a good day fur that purpose.

Mr. Secretary PEEL.—I was desirous of having time
allowed me, to consider the Hon. Baronet's proposition, Out
merely in reference to the subject it involves (which, on this
occasion, I wish to put entirely out of consideration)
with regard to the proper !nude of communicating with
their Lordships. However, as my object will be quite a,
well attained by an interval of two or three days bcluL;
allowed, as by a delay of two or three weer, if the Hun.
Baronet will have the goodness to say Friday instead ut
Thursday, I shall be perfectly satisfied. •
Sir F. BURDETT—Then I shall give notice of my in
tention to move a resolution for a conference with ti,se Lord,
on Friday.

Lord MILTON-1 fear Friday may not prove the inosi.
convenient day fur that purpose. According to the 11$11a1
practice, on that day the Orders of the Day are taken into
consideration, previously to motions, and except the Hon.
Baronet's resolution be allowed to take precedence of other
business upon that day, I do nut think it can be brought
forward with advantage.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER—I van
assure the Noble Lord, that as far as lam concerned,. no
business hall be perthitted to interfere with the Hon. Ban-
titt's motion on the evening in:question.
The motion accordingly stands fixed fur Friday.
PROVISION FOR THE FAMILY OF MR.
CANNING.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER mused
the Order of the Day for the House resolving itself into a
Committee on the Offices Pensions Act, with a view to
taking int* consideration the propriety of making provi,!j9l!
' for the family of the late Mr. Canning. '
The House having resolved itself into a Cumnaitteir,
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER eatil,
that he rose to discharge a public duty, with feeHe.:wa at the
sane time of a painful and of a grateful nature—painful
because of the loss that that House, and the country.alse,
hail sustained in the death of the Right Honourable
Gentleman, and painful likewise because of the irrepa-
rable loss which it occasioned to the family, who were
not only deprived of the honours and distinctions which
his prolonged life might have conferred upon them, but
who were also destitute, in consequence, of any future
provision for their proper maintenance. He at the
same time had grateful feelings in finding that the duty de-
volved upon him of having to record the opinions he en-
tertained of the character and abilities of that great may.
He rose to propose an alteration in the Act entitled the
Offices Pensions Act ; and in doing this, he begged to say
that he proposed this measure on the peculiar circUt9
stances of the case ; and he would rather forego all Prc.l"-
sion for the family of Mr. Canning than have the:
that peo-
present measure hereafter quoted as a precedent' f
n'tihe
Right Hon. Gentleman then gave a summary o.
Canning's career as a Statesman, after which he proceeded.
When the pension was granted to Mr.
every reason to suppose that he would have lived during
the term of an ordinary life,
and
that the country would
was to choose the
not have been prematurely deprived of his services. The
Canning, there 1.1,13
sfaiocnt,. however,
thought it their duty to ,rake some provision for Mr. Can.
ivitlveerr,thosweasCirettihrlitstaliilecen:vilieC le,n4°Jes)etdy's Minister,
in consideration
host expedient forts. of the pension
consirt!Tatio!i
ring's family, and the onlf
granted to Mr. Canning, but which he had never
received, the proposal was that the amount of that
•
pension should be made ovelto trustees for one of the son.
of Mr. Canning' to be applied by him in a manner most.
the family,
advantage,'" t°lie did not think it would
be necessary for him to trouble the House further. It
might to some. appear 'lmre becoming in him, f he more
clearly and distinc.tly expressed his opinion as toole publie
service of the individual ; but if any one thought that he
bad not adopted a proper course, to that person he must
say he had adopted that course advisedly. He did it from
conviction, that in similar cases it had been found the most
expedient to adopt. In a popular Government the merits
of an individual placed in a high station would be long eali-
vassed after his death ; it was from history alone could be
ascertained his real merits and his real character ; but we
were not now too near the period at which Mr. Canning,
had lived, to decide upon his great talents, and the great
benefit of those talents to the country—we were not now too
near the period of his death to know the great sacrifices he
had made, or to feel the propriety of giving to his family
those advantages which, bad be lived, he would have en-
joyed—we were nut now too near the period of his death
to feel that his family had stroug claims on his country.—
The Right Hon. Gentleman then moved, that the Chair-
man be directed to move for leave to bring in a Bill to en-
large and amend the Act of the 57th Geo. 111., entitled an
Act to enable his Majesty to recompense persons holding, or
hexing WI, high offices of State.
On the question being put from the Chair,
Lord ALTHORP rose. He could not think kiln.

self justified if he did not oppone the ptestot motion; we
had a deficient revenue ; our farmers were in the greatest
distress; our manufacturing population wtrerealiting scarcely
any profits. The elipping interest were daily pressing
forward their claims for relief, and under these 'circum-
stances it 'Auld be little less than an insult to the people
of En ',and to propose any new burden.—(Hear.)---Waso
the 'esovernmeat prepared to lay oft fresh fi.tts not,
W ere they ready to state in what branch of the public ter-
*ice a reduction could be male to meet the demand now
made ? Let the proposition of the ltight Hon. Gentleman
be carried into effect, and in all likelihood the !love
would be called on eo consider what part of
puleiie service was to be made inefficient that Ile other
more important part might- noe he ifitelYeaed
The present state of things was oaring not to the current.
expenditure of thee country; but to that very Bill now alaeot
to be taken into consideration, and to another Bill which
passed it lso6. Under these circumstances, he did nut
consider himself justified in voting for the motion which
the Right Hon. Gentleman had made. The Right Hone
Gentleman had grounded his proposition, not so mutdi as
Legal claim, or a claim of justice, but as one of liberality
and 'generosity. It was easy for Members of that House
eo be generous with the money of their constituenee. Ile
(Lord Althorp) bad seen many instances of such genero-
eity, but he had hoped that the system had been changed—
he had hoped, when the present Administration was formed
that it would sedulously commence the work of economy,
and he still entertained such hopes, ntatkithstanding the
proposition which had been just made. Thaa 'Govern-
ment, from the situation in which they were placed, might
have some eacuee for bringing it force ,a, but the House
could have no excuse for agreeing 'at 'it. It was a painful
part of the subject, but was, n'e • cart ae
tlistanding, one to which
he must allude. He did -eat consider the political life of
Mr. Canning to be sued as entitled his family to make this
claim. He admired t.lge conduct of Mr. Canning during
the latter portion of; bit lite; and he was willing to bear
testimony to the good he then wrought, but of his earlier
life no such could be said. This part of the question
arPlied 'Mote to his own individual vote, than to the deci-
SW"_ to which the House should come; it was a painful
part of his duty, and one which he would not continue.
He bad said enough to justify his own vote, and he called
upon the House not to accede to the proposition that had
been made.
Several Members rose to address the House, but the
privilege was conceded to a new Member—
Mr. STRATFORD CANNING,who said that an aspire_
tiou which referred to one of the greateel limes that
England had ever sustained, he felt him" If, from peculiar
circumstances, obliged to address the douse, although those
circumstances greatly increased the di nt...play which be felt
on thus, for the first time, pr
taenti:
ng Himself to its notice.
The objections which thea Noble Lord urged against the
motion of the Right Hon. Gentleman, appeared to him to
be very singular—his objections were grounded on a state-
ment that the country was in so distressed a situation as to
render it impossible that the House could agree to the pro-
position ; so that, whatever weight it might have, as a
claiin of justice, or of generosity, the country was repre-
eanted as in such a state as to be unable to accord the paltry
pittance of 3,000/. a-year, and therefore was obliged to set
aside a claim of generosity, no less than justice. He (Mr.
S. Canning) did not envy the Noble Lord the vie; be had
taken. What feeling would such a tentituent create in.
foreign countries, he would ask? Unw wolild they consider
such a statement, made ae it wae, on Stat'h a subject, in the
British House of Co." ul'erlane? to fact, the objection of the
Noble Lord restchi not upon this ground, but upon his the
jeetions to t'ase services and to the merits of Mr. Canning.
And th' to_
Lord, in order to justify his objections, led
the "House back to Mr. C.'s early days, Arleen the Noble Lord
differed from them in politics. Tbe fact was, that Mr.
Canning's memory was before the House, not with re-
verence to his early life, but to the services of his more
recent years. It was with respect to this that the House
ought to judge. He could never believe that the senti-
ments of the House could accord v,ltte those of the Noble
Lord, but he was greatly surpris at the quarter whence
the opposition to the propoeal of the Right Hou. Gentle-
'roan came ; for he was much mistaken if the Noble Lord
keel not, souse time since, come down to the House, and.
declared his accession 'co the principles of Mr. Canning's
Government... Cries of No, no.) If he had erred as to
mode, he midst be right as to the principle. The Noble
Lord certainly did express leis ready assent to support the
Goveunreeent and the policy of Mr. Canning ; and that
circumstance might justify his surprise at opposition coming
&ma such a quarter. If the House looked at the conduct
oh Mr. Canning in the layer pastimes of his life—out that
he meant to derogate front the earlier:--the House would
feel justified in acting in a manner called for by.justice to I
his memory. Although lie had risen under the feeling
that he was peculiarly bound to address the House on such
a subject, and although that feeling bad overcome the dif-
ficulty he had felt, lie would assert that he supported the
motion on public grounds merelea lie hoped that the
vutc would pass unanimoullye er nearly so, or it must lose
its effect.
lord SLTHORP aaleeened. The lion. Member had
been mistaken as ta. his conduct during the last Parlia-
ment. He had tad stated his approbation of the Goveru-
meta of Mr, 4:_anning ; he had merely stated hie impree-
eion, that bf the two patties but of which the Government
must he:re been formed, he hail preferred that of which
Mr. manning was the head.
Lord MILTON said—l feel, Sir, that this subject is
cue on which I cannot be satisfied to give a silent vote,
and I hope for the indulgence el the House for a few mi-
nutes. I confess that I feel myself placed in a situation
of sonic difficulty—a difficulty nut a little increased by the
course which the Noble Lord hae thought proper to pur-
sue. In the first place, I acknowledge that the case
brought before us is not one of those chew and indubitable
propositions, in which it is impossible fur a man to make
stp his mind but in one way. It is, Sir, a question on
which we shall be snore divided by feeling than by rea-
son. I entirely agree (continued the Noble Lord) with
my Noble Friend, as to the great financial difliculties iu
which the country is involved—and if I could go further
with hint, and say, that they are so great as to prevent
the House from taking into consideration even for a mo-
ment any proposition such as that of the Right Hon. the
Chancetior of the Exchequer, I should admit that then
we ehould be saved from the difficulties of further con-
eideratiou. But great as those difficulties are, it does
not appear to me that they are so pressing as to prevent
this House from taking into consideration such a proposi-
tion as that submitted to tis by the Right Hon. Gentleman,
supposing that there were grounds for it. (Hear.) I ant not
about to enter upon any history of the life of Mr. Canning
—still less am I about to enter into a history of the whole
of that life. But I must concede that I could not have sat
for so litany years in this House, in company, ae I may
lay, with Air. Canning, without having-, on many occa-
sions, differed from him, and therefore, undoubtedly, I
must admit, that there may be many grounds on which I
tuight say the vote proposed might be opposed. But I
will ask the House; is there any man, living or dead,
whose life is or has been of an unmixed character?—
(Cheers.) Is there any man, the stoutest partisan, or the
boldest opponent of any political leader, who can get up
in this House and declare that the conduct of such leader
was free from all reproach on the one hand or on the other
that the conduct of the person to whom he had been
opposed had been so bad as to merit unqualified, unmi-
tigated opposition?lt appears tome,
(Hear, hear.)
therefore, that the life of every man is of a mixed cha-
tr-
ages downwrd
ranter nd, admitting that position, let transport oi
selves some In doing this, we trust
can,
what
history will say of Mr. a, and se, if us
we
Canning.
not look so much to the early stages of Mr. Canning'slife, when he leagued himself
with othC young men or
approve; but let us look to that
whose principles I cannot
first stage of his political life, when his own opinions were
formed and enforced, and when he
was called upon to go-
k upon the history of
vern and to act. It is impossible
t°l °flied into power (or .
this country since Mr. Canning was ca
r that which is called power, for place does not always con-
stitute power), and not to see what were the results of the
exercise of his vigorous mind upon popular Governments in
all quarters of the universe.—(Cheers.)—Future history
will be called upon to support the statement that
the
world at large has been greatly indebted to h
Cheers.)—lf then that be the case, not merely th
people of England* not merely the people of Europe, but
the whole population of the globe itself, even in its most
remote quarters, have been operated upon beneficially by
the measures which Mr. Canning submitted to the Govern-
ment of England.—(Hear, hear.)-4 should consequently
be acting unworthy of myself,- itsupota a confined view of
•
3lr. Canning -'s conduct in his political life, should be in-
fluenced in the vote lam now called upon to give. lam
inclined to think that the House of Commons will reap
in the opinion of posterity, more honour by acceding to the
vote which has been proposed, than by opposing
.it—
(Hear, bear, hear)—and, Influenced bylnfluen those feelings,
although I do not feel that certitude . which every man
.would wish to entertain on every operation of life, I con-
sider myself bound to support the proposition now before
the Committee.—(Cheers.)
Lord MOR ble for hintPETH said that it was impossible
not to concur in the proposition of the Right lion. Gentle -
man (the Chancellor of the Exchequer) and in most
what bad fallen from his Noble Friend who had just tea
down. In attempting to call the attention of that Hon
originally ~
to the subject, be had felt that the
re were man
eh a task thee Hon. Hon. Members much more competent to su

himself. Re had felt also that it was of the utmost int•
portauce to interest in his object other parties who had since
—happily—taken it up ; and with that view he had named
for the consideration of his intended proposition a distant
deSe in order to afford an opportunity for his Majesty's
tioverninent to adopt it. With the result lee felt Sattsfie'd ';
he was fully contentthat the responsibility the
authorship of the measerre should lie tral'ASXerreil to those
who naturally leessee-seall 1-,Veatest share'of respect and
authority wittrih igotikeia Wills. He begged leave, Hewer,
distinetly td avow, that in his opinion the pSoposition of
:the hight Hon. Gentleman was beselly adequate to its pro-
reseed object—that it 'seas, hardly adequate to meet the
exigencies of the tying, or to record in a worthy mantr'
the synipaTily, the regard, and the reepecteof a gree.e na-
Itecm. The reason which had princiretTly lae::enced him in
that course, was, that Upon ISl.l'eiich occasions it was im-
portant to secure er rnssible unanimity of opinion,—
hearjsilite Right Hun. Gentleman °what had
said, It ate (Lord Morpeth) had heard it With saiisfa-
teit'n Chat there did not exist on leis fait, In the Mode
which be proposed, any intuition 'of 'placing the merits of
Mr. Canning on a level 471 th the 'claims of any person
merely plodding 4.ltriiineh The duties of an official situation.
The .proposed vote Ind not been put forward an as appen-
dage 'to 'the IWrage, and he (Lord M.)•was glad of it, fa
if mit Stight form an objectionable precedent, have the
'elf :Set of inducing future Ministers of the 'Crown to confer
Peerage's with that view. Tim the instances of Lord
Chatham and Mr. Ye...Vitt-al, the provision made exceeded
that proposed The vote under consideration ; yet he
considered tie merits of the individual hero rnfereed to i
woe.% in no wise inferior to those of the irelivid•nals he
had mentioned. Neverthelesre the fwbiiy and the con-
nections of Mr. Canning Ivotild receive with grati-
tude that which Perliament might bestow, as a re
cognition of the latents, and of the claims on the
country, sef that lamented Statesman. He lam& ted 't`hat the
preposition had encountered the dise..pf`rohation of his
Noble Friend (Lord Althorp.) the pecuniary loss in-
curred by the family of Mr. Canning by his lamented
death was great, Earen the fecneral expenses (which were
borne by deem), were very considerable. The only mode
left open to that House to exams its gratitude td the illus-
trious deceased was t'nerefore by intreasing ihe Comforts of
those he had Iseit hehind..,-(Hear.).=--Of all the objections
that cV.:id be taken to Stitcli Intaeirre, that founded upon
"economy was the MoSt untenable. Every generous, every
grateful aetio'n, Might be met with a similar objection—
economy. lie could never bring himself to think that any
Meesnre calculated to stimulate to disinterestedness was
economy—(cheers)—and he would ask, could any measure
be adopted more likely to stimulate Palk fuctionaries to
seal and virtue in the public service than the protection of
the surviving membets of their families ?—(Hear, hear.)
—He was very far helm saying, that the extent of loss
eustaineel b'- individuals was of course to be made up by
the 'Country; but when the fortune of a deceased person
heel been injured in the public service, it could not be de-
nied that reparation became a duty of that House.—
Those who best knet Mr. tanning were quite aware
of the unosttntat!ohs mode of his life ; yet the emoluments
of his sn't'lblie situation by no means left a superfluity be-
!„.e`e.Yi his necessary expenditure. The places he had held
during the last few years of hie life ; namely, Leader of the
House of Commons, and Foreign Secretary, unavoidably
involved him in considerable elcpence, by the constant and
unnecessary exercise of hospitality ; of this he should re-
fer to one toittance : it might be recollected that when,
thrk%gh his policy, the new States of South America had
been called into existence. Envoys from them respectively
were deputed to this Court, and there was to be seen, for
the first time, at the table of Mr. Canning, the Repre-
sentatives of Colombia, Mexico, and Buenos Ayres, with
the Ministers of the Houses of Hapsburg, Bourbon, and
ttaganza. (Hear, hear.) In dealing with the proposi-
tion before the Committee, he would implore of Hon.
Members to treat it, as Mr. Canning himself did the grant
for paying Mr. Pitt's debts ; namely, he would say, let it not
be given as a vote of eleemosynary charity, or as a grant
dictated by posthumous pity or compassion, but as a public
debt due to a great public mare. (Cheers.) This naturally
brought him (Lord M.) to the consideratiOn of the ques-
tion--did or did not this country owe to Mr. Canning a
debt of gratitude? [ Here the Noble Lord took a review of
the public life of Mr. Canning—of his conduct respecting
thee Stave Trade—the Bullion Question—the Corn Laws—
the Foreign Policy of the Country—and every other great
Question agitated in his day, contending that on every one
of them the Right Hon. Gentleman had merited the ap-
probation of his country.]
Sir R. WILSON declared that there wae no man raore
deeply impressed than himself with the value of a frugal
expenditure of the public money ; but, at the same
time, he thought there might be such a thing as generosity
creditable to the character, and a liberality advanta-
geous to the interests of the country. There was no
Wall who would say that those remunerative dietinc-
times ought to he confined to persons who had clone ,:cr-
vice to the country in the army and navy. They should
be extended to all whose good example tended to -promote
' the welfare of the State. The question then was, had
Mr. Calming such claims to this mark of public gratitude ?.
There were, be \void(' admit, several passages in the life
of Mr. Canning to which emteptions might be taken, cer-
tain errors inseparable front the long life of a Statesman ;
but when he (Sir R. W.) remembered the services Mr.
Canning performed to the country, and the public lamen-
tations which pervaded England, Europe, and America,
on his death—when lie remembered that the talent of France
was employed in recording the sympathy of the Continent
with the regrets of England—and when he remembered
the many benefits Mr. Cunning's policy conferred on the
cause of civil and religious liberty—he felt himself bound
to give his support to the present vote, a vote which he
was sure would be satisfactory to Lis coustituente and the
country generallv.
Sir M. W. RIDLEY did nut oppose the grant on the
score of its amount. He would object to 30Q1. as much
as to the proposed vote of 3,0001. ; but, though lie hoped
that the auticipatiuus which he apprehended from Mr.
Canning's measures relative to Greece and Portugal would
nut be realized, yet, on the ground of these two measures, lie
would negative the present motion. He admired as much as
any man the brilliant talents and the dazzling eloquence of
Mr. Canning ; but he regretted to see that those brilliant',
talents often led the Honourable Gentleman away to mea-
sures injurious to the country. The quality of his intellec-
tual accomplishments was not a sufficient reason to in-
duce him to vote for the grant. In justice, however, to
Mr. Calming, he regretted the opposition he gave 'inn un
the motion of the late Member fir Durham ; but he could
not think that he could make reparation fur his conduct on•
that occasion by supporting the motion of this night : he
could not, consistently with his principles and his sense of
duty, which were always opposed to Mr. Canning's course
of policy, vote fur the proposed grant.
Lord CLIFTON; being one of those who last Session
declared their confidence in Mr. Canning's principles and
measures, could not now hesitate one moment in giving his
support to the motion.
Mr. HUME considered the present motion of very great
importance iu a public point of view. If it were carried
they could never-refuse to make a similar grant to the fa-
mily of any gentleman in office which thought proper to
apply for it. What had Mr. Canning done for the public,
which entitled his family to so munificent a reward for his
services? Had he, like the Duke of Wellington, done any
thing for his country which ought to make the House of
Commons anxious to note his career, and to mark his de-
cease? He was not aware of any such occurrence. If
then their vote on this occasion could not rest upon such a
basis, would Hon. Gentlemen consent that it should rest
on the whole of Mr. Canning's conduct during the thirty-
two years of his political career ? He was sure that they
would not—for Mr. Canning had been the regular and un-
wearied advocate of all the measures which during that
(time they had denounced as unconstitutional. (Hear,
'hear.) Till Mr. Canning became Premier, none of the
rmea
coourenscledw,h-
which
had
obt)etaenioeian
Honourable Gentlemen by whom he (Mr. Hume) was stir-
the hlailtiiiotalofsuapppporrotingoodtl,re
there-
fore, he was certain thatp if this measure had been
his o
„,ently attacked by. many' Ofprthopengoetnyt.lemmene
proposed five years ago it would have been most vehe-
strelmous in defending itswshlioooelsd,
likeere
mostto
know what Mr., Canning'had done for his country in the
last live years, which entitled' him to such a tribute of
their esteem and gratitude. If lie did his duty as a Mini-
ster, did lie do any more lauglet—Was the mere
performance of his . duty sufficient to justify the Chancellor
of the Exchequer in calling. upon the House to Make a
.• ' for Mr. Canning, on the score that *he his
Majesty provision
ointed him to a lucrative . n
Majesty had app. Ireton in India
in which he might have amassed h fortune, he chose to
public benefit of his
stay at home for time country? If
feeling stronger than anothe it Mr. Canning had one
could they r'
w"
the feeling of ambition ; and believe that
Mr. Canning had bad any difficulty rn making his
choice, when the Government of so distant a depen-
dency as India was hi one scale, and the probability
of being the first Minister in the first country of the
_
world was in the other? Mr. Canning made his elec-
tion between them : and if he suffered a pecuniary loss
by the election which he made, surely that was no rea-
son why the public should be called upon to make it good.
They were to reward one of Mr. 'Canning's sons with a
pension of 3,0001. a-year as a mark of the gratitude which
they felt for the services which the father had conferred
upon them. He trusted, however, that they would be just

before they Were generous, and if they ttete, they would
consider whether they were in a situation to
grants of public tuotiesa for raEitliaan overwhelming ne-
cessity was not established. With a revenue of
33,000000., we had not at present more thus..
'1%000,000/. to meet our expenditure, in conseln..ente or
the interest of the debt, to eity nothing of the dead weight
eating up all the real 'Of our resources. Now, that being
the rasa, would Hon. Gentlemen mention to him any act
which Mr. Canning had ever - done, as a Ministers for
which his situation and emeltunents as l‘kWaig'et were not
a sufficient reward;? family, then, in want of
eotmhils ms
grant.siora the
Was f►am
ti
assistance? I'E *C;ounnittee had been told, that, as an
ac
country,
iNtlr}r;
then, in suds a I Canning did not
wish
oLr
►
flourishing state—were its finances so oyerflowina that it
Was Callt.4 upon to feriae a tate in:sney upon a re-
Indent family oi.iOdy would contend for so monstrous
Ad-ab Lat's a proposition. He held that the grounds which
he had already stated were sufficient to justify him in
opposing this grant. He had, however) ,pother
reason. He considered it a alangeteet noctaine
to hold out to official i.,:aen; that, if they ne-
glected to p`roilie or their families during their
lifetime, the country would provide for them after their
f!aath ; and he was burry to say that the doctrine, dan-
gerous as it was, had too often been acted on to the course
of the last a).O years. Leaving that point, 116.1'70,6's for
further discussion, lie would iioW prasceed to put this ques-
tint% its a pia ;61:.yie'W iii Which it appeared to him rather
strange that the House had nut considered it. They had
told that the conduct of Mr. Canning as a Statesman
had beeu so grateful to his Majesty, and so grateful to the
country, that both were ahsioiis to reward it by making a
provision fur his family. Why, then, did not his Majesty
grant ?Sr. Canning's son a pension out of the Civil List?
surely the House could not be aware that if Ministers were
so strongly inclined to remunerate Mr. Canning's merits,
there was au annual fund of 200,0001., out of which they
could do it. There was the English Pension List of
95,0001. a the Irish Pension List of 70,000/., and the
Scotch Pension List of 30,0(10/. If that list were
looked at, he was sure that no persons would be found
upon it whose claims could stand a moment's competition
with those of Mr. Canning. Let Mr. Canning's family be
placed upon that list, anti let not the country, already over-
burdened with pensions and places, be called upon to make
provision for it.--(" Question, question.")—The Hon.
Member proceeded amid considerable interruption to ob-
serve that for the reasons which he had already stated, he
was determined, if he stood alone, to take the sense of the
Committee upon the grant.
Lord GEORGE BENTINCK would venture to tell the
Hon. Member for Aberdeen, that if there were no other
grounds for the remuneration now proposed, his Right
Hon. Relative had laid sufficient grounds for it in having
always been the first and foremost in opposing the Hon.
Member's theoretical reforms, and his petty paltry objects
of economy. (Loud cries of " bear.") It was one of Mr.
Canniag's proudest merits that he had made the Hon.
Member for Aberdeen, and the party which went with
him, shrink into his present miserable dimensions. The
country must be sunk low, indeed, if it could not afford to
pay its meritorious servants. (Hear.) It had frequently
on previous occasions rewarded its ministers of state and its
military officers, who had distinguished themselves by
their public services. We had rewarded the Duke of
Wellington very largely—we bad voted to his Grace at
different times 700,000/. of the public money; and he
asked whether there was a single man in the House who
begrudged the. Duke a farthing of it. (Hear, hear.)
He believed that if the vote of that money were
to be put again to the House, every farthing of that
700,000/. would be voted by acclamation to the
Duke of Wellington. (Hear, hear.) The country,
he repeated, must be sunk low indeed, when it could
hold , out no higher reward to its meritorious Minis-
ters than that which they received in the annual stipends
attached to their respective offices. -(Hear.) He trusted
that, notwithstanding all the observations of the lion.
Member for Aberdeen on that subject, it would be long
before the House concurred in the doctrines which he had
broached Upon it. He was sorry to hear his Noble Friend
on the floor assert that it would be an insult to the feel,
ings of the country to accede to this grant. He did not
conceive that any person who had seen the sorrow which
pervaded the land not more than six months since, would
think that there was any disinclination in the country to
show respect to the memory of the late Mr. canning.—
(Hear.) He little thought last night, when the conse- '
crated mantle of Mr. Canning was thrown over the op-
pressed
sCatholica of Ireland, and when his eloquent lan-
guage was used so successfully to defend and avenge them,
that we should this day be called upon to deny him a re-
ward for his meritorious services. (Rear.) But so it ,
was ; and they had that day listened to a cold-blooded
repetition of the various invectives which party rage bad
fabricated against him. For his own part, if he could
quarrel with the vote of that evening, it would be on ac-
count of the coldness with which it had been brought for-
ward. (Hear.) He would say, on behalf of the family
of Mr. Canning, " We scorn to accept this vote as a vote
of compassion. (Hear.) We claim it on the ground of
service rendered to the country, and it is on that ground
alone that we consent to receive it." (Hear.) After the
turn which the debate had unexpectedly taken, he should
have left the House with pain, had it not been fur the
speech of his Hun. Friend near him, and also for the manly
speech of the Gallaut Gentleman who sat next but one to
him (Sir R. Wilson). He thanked them both for the mode
in which they had supported his resolution, and above all
he thanked the House for the patient attention with which
they had listened to him during the statement which he
had felt himaelf compelled to make by a sense of affection
and duty. (Bear, hear.)
Mr. BANKES said, that in the course of his life he had
had much intercourse with Mr. Canning ; no dissension
ever took place between them ; and all his recollections of
that great man were recollections of pleasure and satisfac-
tion, except (if we heard Mr. Bankes correctly) on one
particular question. He was now, however, very unex-
pectedly called upon by Government to consent to a grant
of public money to Mr. Canning. He wondered bow it
could escape the recollection of Honourable Gentlemen, that
in consequence of the recommendation of the Finance Coin-
tnittee, they might have to reduce considerably before the
close of the Session the compensations, remunerations, and
annuities granted to the families of those who had exerted
themselves and perhaps died in the public service. How
could they ever look into the face of the persons whose
small pittances • they were going to make still smaller
by retrenchment, if they now threw away in one suns
60,000/. on a lady who moved in their owe rank of
life? How could they reduce the pensions of clerks
with 300/. a-year, when they gave at once 3,000/. a-
year to the son of Mr. Canning?—(Hear, hear, hear.)—
Much better would it be for Ministers to look at the
ordinary expellees of the country, with a view to their re-
duction, than to propose throwing it away in this manner.
He was perfectly ready to admit that the means of the
country were not so reduced as to be inadequate to the re-
muneration of eminent services to the state, but in this
class he certainly could not, in this sense at least, com-
prehend Mr. Canning. Allusion had been made to the
services of the Duke of Wellington. He meant not to
disparage the late Mr. Canning when he said that surely
there was no comparison between the merits to which he
could lay claim, and those of such a person as the Duke of
Wellington. With all his admiration for Mr. Canning's
parliamentary talents and powerful eloquence, he must be
permitted to speak his mind freely, when he declared that
for this country he had proved a most unfortunate Minister.
This very day on which they were called upon to discuss
his claims for having conferred eminent public services on
his country, they had received intelligence (alluding to
the news from Portugal) which must lie heavily upon
Mr. Canning's head as a Minister. They now knew for
a certain and unalterable fact, of the total failure of all
his anticipations and expectations, from interference in
the internal affairs of Portugal; and who knew, also,
whether they were or were :not, at this very moment,
on the eve of a war with the Porte, from interference
springing out of the same . mischievous policy? It
was Mr. Canning's policy had brought about thee
evilsa---(Cries of hear, and murmurs.)—He would saY
was that which shad entailed upon his country failures
'of- the most disastrous kind..:-(Cry of Hear, and No.)--
Much had been said of the sacrifices made when men
chose public life for their employment. Upon this course
his opinion had always been, that men who embarked in
the public service in this manner, always made the selec-
tion at their own option, and had no right to turn round
and expect, in the ordinary course of events, this kind of
indemnification. It was no argument with him to state,
that had Alr. Canning pursued the profession of the law, he
must have 'risen to the highest station and honours of that
profession. He admitted that such would in all proba-
bility have been the case? still it furnished no reason for
adopting the principal of these grants out of the public money.
Too many compensfations had been already given to men who
were probably taken from a single brief only in their prac-
tice within the Courts. He had no notion of planting such
people upon the public purse.—(Hear, hear.)--.He con-
demned in the strongest manner all precedents of this kind.
the
more
oprrienecixtprale vaogf a hnits._ amendment
.)e_
The Right Hots. sGentleman had said, he wished by the
extravagant.—(Hear.
)._He
went to
said, make
tha i:
present proposition to amend the Pension Act. Yes ;
but
times h
Canning had additional claims, because of his baying sur-
rendered a high and. rich office in India, True; but when
Atler. n

he made that surrshder, as it was called, he did it at his
on n option, and at the same, tirue he obtained as a substitute
an, office of higher honour at home, and a Contingent ise;;.-
Opp. They ought, besides to recollect, that Mrs Canning
in this triisaistre. had kit-rendered no emoluments, for, not
having gone out to Nina, he had received none. In every
view which he could take of the present proposition, he
must oppose it.. It was, an evasion of the economical prin-
ciple, and a weste of the Public riorsey, Which they Might to
hs'.±llS.nil.-:s(thar.)--6overnments always required watching
hi pecuniary matters. It was but recently that the Finance
Counnittee had discovered a device by which Ministers
were enabled to evade and elude the principle and mean-
ing of the helf-pay
,annuity,. fundr, am!,; instead of, purso-
tn* p!ati to its eitinction anti even-
tea: Lstel niination, they had managed, with the inge-
nuity of office, to substitute young lives for others old
and nearly worn out, thus putting a new class of persons
in a more fevourable light than their .predecessors. It
lied been said, that Mr. Canning Would, in the probable
course of nature, have lived longer, had it not been for
the cares of office ; and that it was reasonable to indem-
nify his family for pecuniary loss on that account, consi-
dering the contingent peusion which he must have enjoyed
had he lived. This was quite a fallacy) and another way
only of deluding the understanding, Upon the Merits of
Mr. Canning as a Minister, he had already spoken ; but
would the House only look at what his measures had cost
the country ?—(Hear, and murmurs. )_Would any man
deny that Mr. Canning had incurred very great expellee iu
endeavouring to realize those vast and magnificent schemes
which he had projected for re-modelling the policy of
Spain, and Portugal, and America? Did the /louse
know, that besides the expense of seuding out the arma-
ment itself to Portugal, not less than 160,0001. bad
been expended upon the extraerdinaries attendant on these
movements ? True, they were to have a claim for this
part of the amount upon the Portuguese treasury ; but if
the Chancellor of the Exchequer should call upon Don
Miguel to liquidate this debt, he would be glad to know
what chance there was of a farthing of the sum finding
its way into his coffers.—(Hear, and a laugh.)---Then,
again, look to his measures towards Turkey. He certainly
could riot fairly put to Mr. Canning's account the value of
the loss of lives of those brave men who were sacrificed in
the unfortunate and disastrous battle of Navarin—(criee of
hear and murmurs)—but with the general expence of the
expedition he was certainly chargeable, and in this branch
of the calculation must be necessarily comprehended the
losses and damages of the fleet.—(Renewed murmurs.)—
There was one other thing in the way of expence with
which Mr. Canning was more peculiarly and personally
chargeable. Within the short space of two years he bad
expended 42,0001. of the public money upon his private
residence.—(Murmurs.)—He would repeat, solely upon
his private and personal residence.—(Cries of Oh ! oh !)
He reiterated that it was true.—(A cry of " Where ?")
In Downing-street, at the Foreign Office.—(Loud cries of
Hear.)—Was not that his private residence also?—had he
not converted it into Isis. domestic dwelling for his own
personal accommodation, and no other? This was a pure
job for Mr. Canning's mere private accommodation.—
(Cries of Hear, and No. ).--Other precedents had been
mentioned for pensions of this kind. Lord Chatham's
had been named, although he hardly should have thought
Mr. Canning's would have been brought into comparison
with such a name : eminent as were his abilities, admir-
able as was his eloquence, still it was not too much to say
that the merits of both persons were not exactly alike.—
Then Mr. Burke's pension bad been alluded to. That was
an act partly of justice, and partly of generosity, and much
higher in the scale of comparison than that now before the
House. Mr. Perceval's, who had, after many years of
public service, received a pension, was likewise a different
case, and furnished no example for the present. Hewished
sincerely that this proposition had not been brought before
the House; but being there, he was bound by a straight-
forward sense of public duty to give it unqualified opposi-
tion.—(Hear.)
Mr. Secretary HUSKISSON said, 'that Mr. Canning
having been a near and dear friend, with whom he had
been connected during a long political life, he was sensible
that in coming down to support that motion, he might be
supposed to have been actuated by that bias which his
feelings upon the occasion would naturally suggest ; and
knowing that, in consequence, any thing which might fall
from him must have much less weight than under ordi-
nary circumstances he should hope it would, he was anxious
to avoid saying one word. But after the speech of his
Hon. Friend, the Member for Dorsetshire, it was not pos-
sible he could remain silent.—(flear.)—Under all the dis-
advantages then, of the feelings under which he laboured,
he would address a few observations to the House. His
lion. Friend, the Member for Dorsetshire, bad argued
against the grant upon-the ground that it would he a most
dangerous and inconvenient precedent--yet his Right Hon.
Friend, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, had stated most
explicitly, that it was not intended to found any precedent
upon it. And recollecting the debates which took place
upon the question that the Offices' Pension Bill should be
amended, in which debates, when it was stated on the
one side that it was advisable to take away from the Crown
Offices to which no duties were annexed, or in other
words certain sinecures of which the Crown enjoyed the
right of disposal in reward for great public services, the
objection taken to it was, that in so doing they would de-
prive the Crown of the power of rewarding, in the person
of his son or successor, some great man for efficient public
services, when circumstances had rendered it impossible
that he could receive any recompense in his proper person ;
this objection was answered upon the ground that it was
not proposed to deprive the Crown of this power, but that
it was thought better to substitute some other means
by which it might be exercised. And the answer further
stated, that should such a case as that alluded to arise out
of the system that was contemplated, it was always pos-
sible to come to Parliament and that Parliament would
never fail to act with justice, consideration, and generosity.
Well, they did now come to Parliament, and the answer
suggested to it by his lion. Friend was, that the precedent
would be dangerous and inconvenient, and could not be
established. But the reply to the objection of his Hon.
Friend was in fact anticipated, for if, under like circum-
stances, a case of this nature should again come before the
House, the precedent should be again adopted. But he
thought it was extremely hard they should be told it was
a dangerous and inconvenient precedent, when it was con-
sidered the right of appointing to certain sinecure offices
could not have been taken away without the consent of the
Crown ; and that in the event of the House refusing to ac-
cede to such a motion as the present, the Crown might
fairly say, I would never have assented to this power having
beer taken away, were it not for the pledge you have given,
and which, on the present occasion, you seem disposed to
violate and forget. Nis lion. Friend forgot that the. Act
of Parliament under consideration, and which it was pro-
posed to amend, was not the Act of Parliament under
which the. provisions to which he had alluded were made,
and which he complained of as hieing increased to two
millions and a half. The Act was a specific Act, and had
been, if his memory served him rightly, recommended in
principle by his Hon. Friend himself, and was adopted
only after mature consideration. By that it was declared
that 40,0001. should be placed at. the disposal of the
Crown, for the reward of those who had rendered eminent
public services to the Crown and to the country. And, be
said, that if the Crown had granted the whole sum, it
would have been no ground of complaint in the House of
Commons. This sum of money was a compensation given
to the Crown in exchange for the right it formerly pos-
sessed. And when it was proposed that one of the six
pensions. into which the 40,0001. was divided, should be
bestowed upon the son of Mr. Canning, that this would
reduce the number of claimants—and that it was not,
as his Honourable Friend (Mr. Bankes) would infer,
any proposition to increase the five millions or the 40,0001.,
but that every thing was still left resting within the re-
served limits. He knew as well as his Hon. Friend in
what state the Government was, and lie also knew that
when it was wider circumstances of much greater and more
oppressive difficulty, than any under the consideration of
the Finance Committee, that it had been thought possible
to grant funds to the Crown for the remuneration of great
public services. His Hon. Friend had said that Mr. Can-
ning had not given up the idea of providing for his family,
when he abandoned his appointment in India, and that he
did so with pleasure. He was unwilling, as might be na-
turally supposed, to enter into a detail of circurnstances,
private or personal, but he declared that whateveranight
have been the feelings of those who were near and dear to
Dlr. Canning, it was the object upon which-his heart was
set, and the hope which was most warmly cherished. There
were many circumstances and considerations likely to have
pressed upon him (Mr. Canning) upon that occasion.—
The difficulties in which he was placed in the public ser-
vice might have weighed with him. The fortune be had
received with his wife was much impaired, and the inheri-
tance of his children was diminished. This might have
well been a motive with him. It was impossible to dive
into all the motives that actuated a mind like his, but this
was a most natural one. For what could be dearer to his
heart than the prospect of filling a distinguished situation,
in which,
while hi could do good service to his country,
and gain glory
for himself, he might, at the same time,
repair the injury that had been inflicted upon the fortunes
of his family, not by extravagance--not by ostentation—
but in the public service? He differed with his honour-
able Friend (Mr. Bankes) as to the principle upon which
he supposed public men should act. Isle said distinctly,
that when the King called for the services of such a per-

son, in tvlsateoever situation it might be, lie was hound to
give them, providing only it was not incompatible with
hie public principles Or private honour. In proof of what
he had said respecting the f€4linge of Mr. Canning, he
would.. produce a letter which Was Mitten be hien within
three 'months after what -his Honourable Friend (Mr.
Bankes) considered the dearest object of his heart wasgra-
tifiede and When. he had the glory he, anticipated from his
fothip,n Nll in view. lie that letter his Right Hon.
Friend said—" Would to God I Were note on hoard the
Jupiter"—the ship, added the Right Hon. Gentleman, in
which Mr. Canning was to have gone to India. He had
heard his Hon. Friend (Mr. Bankes) himself state, that in
his opinion those filling. the highest situations in this coun-
try were not overpaid, but, on the contrary, they were not
sufficiently remunerated. He agreed with his How Friend
in that position, and also in another, which was, that it
would be bad policy for the country to pursue, to raise
the stipends of high office& The reason was plain.
In- this country there was an Aristocracy that enjoyed
great wealth, united with talents and education, and them
were many Commoners of whom the same might be
truly said, and he trusted that the high offices in the
State might be always adequately filled by those to whom
salary was no consideration, and with whom the loss of it
would make no difference in their expenditure, or in the
scale of their establishment. tut did his Honourable
Friend think it expedient to deprive the Crown of the
.servicee of all other descriptions of the people, excepting
those possessed of immense wealth? For himself, sorry
as be would be to see the Crown deprived of the services
of the Aristocracy, lie would be still more sorry to see it
tied down to a combination of Aristocracy and wealth, to
the exclusion of all the other talent that might be found
elsewhere. He was sure that this would be no improve-
ment either to the Crown or the country, and that the
Crown ought always to be enabled to seek, in all classes of
the community, those persons most distinguished for their
talents and abilities, and who were most likely to render
service to the country. His conclusion from all this was,
that it wits a wise principle to have the high offices at small
salaries; and that, if once in a quarter of IA century the
country was called upon to pay the debts of such a man as
Mr. Pitt, or as, in the present instance, to mark their
sense of the services of a distinguished Minister, by making
some provision for his family, there was more economy in
it than if they were to raise the salaries of all the great
public servants when it was not required. He mentioned
the Marquis of Lansdowne and the Earl of Dudley, as in-
stances of individuals to whom, when in office, salary
could be no consideration; and who, whatever might be
the expense imposed on them, would not find it necessary to
add any thing to the scale of their establishment ; and if
the salary were raised to 10,0001. a-year to them, it could
be no object, while it would occasion a much heavier ex-
pense to the country than contingent demands of a similar
nature to the present. His Hon. Friend (Mr. B.) had
spoken of the official. residence, raid in something of a
mysterious manner. lie could not pretend to say what
information his Hon. Friend might possess; but for him-
self he would only consider it as a public transaction. His
memory was not so bad but that he could recollect that an
Hon. Baronet who felt it necessary to oppose that motion,
and he did so he bad no doubt with pails, had stated that
in his opinion there should be an official residence for the
Foreign Secretary suitable to the dignity of the country,
and upon that scale.of magnificence which would permit
him to exercise the hospitality connected with his depart-
ment, in a style worthy of an individual filling a situation
of trust in so powerful a nation. Such a residence was
not easily found in the same quarter of the town with the.
Foreign Office; and as to the 42,0001., they had been ex-..
pended upon the improvements and extension of the official
department as well as the official residence. He would ask
the Hon. Member (Mr. Bankes) bow many Foreign Secre-
taries he had known who had been persons not so circum-
stanced as to bring to their office a great income from pri-
vate resources. Lord Grenville; who was at the head of
Foreign Affairs for so hing.a period, with so much honour
to himself, had no other emoluments but what he derived
from his official salary. He mentioned this, not because
he did not think Lord Grenville's merit, great zeal, and
splendid talents, did not deserve what he got, but to show that
the comparison would not bear out his Hon. Friend in the
assertion he had made. His Hon. Friend had adverted to a
generally received opinion, imputing almost political de-
linquency to Mr. Canning, that he was the debtor instead
of the creditor of the public, on account of the expendi-
ture which, if he did not cause, at least took place whilst
he was high in the Government. His Hon. Friend had
directed them to look at Portugal, at Greece, at the pas-
sage of the Pruth. He was sure that every Gentleman in
that House must feel that the Hon. Gentleman's course of
conduct, in now bringing forward these arguments, was to
give it the mildest appellation, unfair.—(Cheers.)—lt was
unfair..-for he (Mr. HuskisSon) standing there as a Mini-
ster of the Crowni'as the colleague of the late Mr. Can-
ning, must hold himself responsible for the measures on
which his Hon. Friend had passed so sweeping a condem-
nation ; but which it was impossible—and the Hon. Gen-
tleman knew its impossibility, and it was there the
unfairness lay—for him then to enter into a full vindi-
cation of. He had a right therefore, to complain of
their having been thus introduced.—(Hear, hear.)—
But he begged to inform his Honourable Friend
that the expedition to Portugal' was sent with
the concurrence of every Minister of the Crown then
in the Cabinet. It had also the . concurrence, openly
avowed in the other House of Parliament, of the illustrious
Duke now at the head of time Government. That expe-
elition, so concurred in, was sent for the purpose of securing
the independence of the oldest Ally of this country, by pro-
tecting her from foreign invasion and aggression.—
(Cheers.)—That was the sole, exclusive, definite purpose,
for which it•was dispatched, and lie meant to tell the Mon.
Gentleman that it had accomplished that purpose—
(Cheers)—for the independence of Portugal was effectually
seeured. When foreign aggression was no longer threatened
or apprehended, having fulfilled the faith of treaties, our
troops were withdrawn. Yet now did the Hon. Gentle-
man want to snake the memory of Mr. Canning respon-
sible for what had since taken place. - Nay, the Hon.
Gentleman, if he could, would make the purse of his
family answerable for it.—(Cheers.)=-His Hon. Friend
wished to charge upon the memory of Mr. Ginning all
the folly, the infatuation, time evil counsels, which had
followed the arrival of the Prince Regent in Portugal. If
all the accounts we had received were true, that individual
by the ill-advised and mistaken line of conduct he was pur-
suing, had forfeited the word lie had given to his country,
to his brother, and to Europe---(Hear, hear, hear.)—but
still Portugal was an independent State, free from foreign
controul, and, therefore, he said that all the objects which they
were bound by treaty to acceinplish, had been
faithfully and honourably accomplished, by this ccom country.
It had cost, it was true, this country some money to accom-
plish it, but God forbid that Great Britain should ever for-
feit its honour and its faith front such a consideration.- His
alished,
lion. Friend had next adierted, be believed, to the passage
of the Pruth by Russia, and ascribed it to Mr. Canning's
policy. It was impossible to foresee Whet circumstances
were likely to arise from the present state of affairs in time
glreabut for e olic
East of Europe, but he certainly did not anticipate any of
the dire consequences that seemed to haunt time mind of the
Hon. Member. He would not now controvert the asser-
tion of his. Noble Friend, that whatever evil consequences
awroiseuldinausksthbiemaitftrhibeutewda,tn
lftr. Calintg'e policy; but he
of Mr. Canning the passage ofsu
the Pruth mightth notp havey
been effected long ago, and whether that might not have
been under circumstances in which all the obligations' of the
treaty of .London, so much reviled and abused by his Hon.
Friend, would have been in force' as they now were, when
the Monarch of Russia found it necessary for his interests
to take separate steps? The naval force had been increased
in the Mediterranean from the necessity we were
under of protecting our . commerce front piracy. With
respect to the delay that had taken place in bringing
forward this motion, he could assure the House that it
did not originate with the Government, but from private
circumstances, needless to mention.-.-(Hear, hear, hear,)
—The services of Mr. Canning merited this mark of
respect being paid to his memory as much as those of any
statesman that bad gone before him. He (Mr. HuskiSson),
had known, in the course of his life, many public charac-
ters, but never had he known one who so little considered
self in the discharge of his public duties as Mr. Canning.
—(Cheers.) He was regardless of health, of labour,
hi of
anxiety, of every thing, but the fame and welfare of s
country.—(Cheers.) When he saw him, an down withook his
leave of him, in July last, his frame was borne d
fatigue of body and mind, but his spirit was still yofuhng
arid enthusiastic as ever. He still had . the fame is
country at heart, and bore it in mind-till his latest breath.
No man ever had the fame of his- countr y more at heart
than him. There was one in-whom be believed the feel-
ing was equally strong, whose existence teas hound up in
it—he meant Lord Nelson, and he truste shati their spi-
rits now rejoiced together in the abodes of t me b1e55ed........
(The Right Hon. Gentleman here became so affected, that
his voice sank away, and he was obliged to pause some mo-
ments before he resumed). It was not so much for the
value of this grant to Mr. Canning's family that made it
desirable to pass it, as the acknowledgment it would be
of his worth and services, and the estahlishmr..t of an
example of a reivard purely bestowed as a test :dolly of

merit.
Mr. STA
NLEY and Mr. S. WounEv highly llogised
the conduct-of Mr. Canning, and supported the 1: otion.
Mr. Secretary PEEL—..Sir, an observation 1 .ts fallen

duns a Noble Lord oil the ether' side of the Home, lid
which 1 eshould, under any circumstances, have been de-
sirous to Make some comments before the discussion closed.
—The Noble Lord stated, that he Was strongly impressed
with the idea that this proposition was made in conse-
geence of some compromise among the Members of the
present Administration. I can assure the Noble Lord that
that impression is totally erroneous; and for myself, .1
must say, that if 1 had never at any period of my life been
connected with Mr. Canning, by official tics, but bad
been a private and entirely independent Member of thie
House, 1 shmild here given a decided and cordial vote ie
favour of this motion.—(Cheers.)--Sir, this proposition
appears to me to be defensible upon these broad grounds.
I think it to be perfectly consistent with the policy of the
lawe—perfectly reconcilable with the practice which hag
been followed with respect to former Ministers, under
certain circumstances. I think it consistent with good
policy to encourage the application of talents like those of
Mr. Canning to the service of the State.—(Loud
—Sir, 1 cannot concur, either, with the gloomy view taker
of the finances of this country by the Noble Lord. The,
view he takes upon this point is eutirely erroneous. Ido
not say this with a view of diminishing either the virtue er
necessity of public economy; but this country is not in
such a state with respect to its finances, that if this propoe
sition be defensible on the grounds of policy and justice,
we shall have any difficulty in granting it. If it is not de
fensible on these grounds, whatever may be the state of
the finances, it could not be justified. But if it be de-
fensible on the ground of policy and justice, there is no-
thing in the state of the finances of this country to place to
in the degraded situation of not being able to fulfil obliga-
tions acknowledged to be just. This grant will not be in
addition to the public burdens, as the Act which deprived
his Majesty of the power of rewarding merit, established
six pensions, to be granted to persons who had held certain
official situations for the space of two years. Mr. Co'
sling had served the public for upwards of twenty years,
eight or nine of which, was as Secretary of State for Fe'
reign Affairs, in which situation he so ably maintained the
honour of the country. While Mr. Canning lived that
pension would have been his by right, and now I muted
that it is not inconsistent with the policy and spirit of the
law to transfer it to his son. There are eases, we knoll
in which the circumstances of the deceased Minister do not
put his friends under the necessity of calling upon Perlis',
ment to make provision of 'this sort for his family. h
the party should happen to have possessed a very ample
patrimonial fortune, for example, it would, of course, he •
unnecessary to come fi)rward with any application of this
kind. (Hear.) This is not the case in the present in'
stance, though 1 admit that there are difficulties in this
matter, arising out of the peculiar circumstances of the
case, and the possibly embarrassing nature of the pr'
cedent which it is apprehended that our vote of to-night
limy establish. But in the case of the late Mr. Percent!)
the circumstances under which Parliament was appealed V:
on behalf of his family, were also very peculiar; and eau.x
forget the provision which it made in that case? Can
forget the provision decreed by Parliament in the case of
Mr. Pitt? In the case of others, of my Lord Grenville,
for instance, can I forget, that though no provision of the
kind now proposed to you was granted by Parliament,
those means of granting permanent rewards for public se r'
vices did, however, then exist,. which the Act that has been
referred I. has subsequently put an end to ; and which
have been replaced by the substitution of other funds,_er
plicable in other modes to similar purposes?—(Heart
hear.) —I take, again, the case of Mr. Burke—there was
an instance of the greatest and most distinguished taleil
but manifested in service's not of an official nature; -an
yet provision was made for Mr. Burke, and made, 1 anl
certain, with the general approbation of the country, in 9
manlier which we could not now resort to, because we have
abolished those sinecures, with one of which he was grits
tified.—(Hear.)—lf that means of rewarding great talents
employed in the public service had not existed at that period,
this country would not have refused to appropriate a sae]
of money for such a purpose. But I confess, Sir, it do 7,
appear to me, that every Honourable Gentleman in th"
House may give his consent to this motion, withonte,
in the slightest degree, compromising a single politic;
principle or opinion:—(Hear, hear, hear.)-1 atone,
forget that in the case of Mr. Pitt, all political eat.';
ferences, all personal prejudices or considerations on t",
part of-Members of this House, with scarcely one excepti°":
were merged in tile unanimous desire that was enteC
tabled of paying some such tribute, not perhaps (in te,e
judgment of some), so much for public services actuahe
rendered as to the extraordinary talents which had of
applied to the services of the State. Again, in the cal%
Mr. Pitt—Mr. Wyndham and Mr. Fox both drew aOe
tinction between the measure of voting a sum of money ' :
°
the representatives of Mr, Pitt, and that of voting to
of money fOr a monument to him. Both of those gree
men said, " We do
,distinguish between a sum to be ar
propriated to a monument, and one to be applied to the
payment of his private debts. We cannot vote for the
public monument, without recognising the public services
which it is avowedly intended to commemorate; but le
don't hesitate to vote a fund which may enable his trustee:
or his family 'to pay the debts of a public man, contraste;
in the public service." I adhere to the principle neyeeZ
and repeat, that in the case of a public man, who
twenty years had deVoted ail his talents in the civil sellriti;
of his country,' every Hon. Member may concur in it vei
out in the! least degree compromising his political opiniolo,
The Hon. Member for Montrose had said, that abut to
ambition had been the reward of Mr. Canning;,
meet a claim of the- powerful nature which his great aeer
vices preferred upon the consideration of Parliaments "Y,
pretence of this kind, would be a species of sordid and 7t,
gar economy to which Parliament would disdain to Tee°
The Right Hun. Secretary concluded a powerful apps del
support of the vote, amidst reiterated cheers from all el
of the House. While
The Gallery was then cleared for a division.
gallery was closed, hoie
Sir G. MURRAY addressed the House. The 'Wm of
House, as he (the Hon. Baronet) thought, owed a de"- to
kind remembrance, even apart from his public serviend
Mr. Canning. Who was there that had not felt refl.° f
whenever at length he presented himself at the close_.%,
debate? Who had not been alive to the grace of hia,7ol
tier ? What member had not been fired by the spiritid
his eloquence when excited in favour of any questOnde
which the rights or interests of liberty were called into •
which,
mciaetnet
morereason,tesvahyenmofirvettehdigiwiliyt
bate,. or surprised and overwhelmed by the tide orate, arg9;
could pour upon his opponents ? No man could ellsif
than be
:i
11
George Murray) did, the glory of one name, which W°noi
ever be dear to England,—the name of Lord Nela°,ll],e
of another noble individual, whom by name he vrowlie
mention, but who, as the first had been followed 11 "iti
tory on time ocean, had been in a no less degree fay..,nati'y
by triumph in the field ; but be believed that he shnw
re
doing no injustice, even to characters such as theses if
sgs
ventured to place the name of Mr. Canning side hY4
with then). In future given such
countries would cOO7OO
for the honour of having given such a man birth. It l'er
be the boast of Ireland, that she was the cradle of Oof 1,/
castors; and of England, that he had been the child
adoption.
The Soaecteol-GENEeete. for Ireland, and
WYNN also, we were informed, spoke in favour 0'
motion.
On the division, there appeared,
.MESSAGE FROM THE LORDS. they
For the resolution, 161 Against it, 51, I Majority, 1"
Some Messengers from the Lords announced that 50J,
Lordships had given their consent to several Bille'
.e d
asked permission of the House for the attendance a 00
their Members, Mr. Campbell, to give evidence Ile
the•Cumruittee of their Lordships on the wool trade.
PENAL LAWS. sit).
Mr. EDWARD DAVENPORT requested those t:,,d
whom he usually agreed ice all that regarded the fig/.
liberties of the subject, would dismiss from their 00
eS
however, that because they were in some eeso,oers
idea that be wished to add generally to the powereLi d
follow,
Magistracy, in seine respects too great already. It
they might not he as deficient in others; they doe
in fact, great as to severity, but very limited as tom t
and in that way he certainly wished to extend &Ohio?,
surely seemed inconsistent that the same Alagistrstee.,
fi
in Quarter Sessions could dispose of men's fate for Yeel.V
inhy
incarceration or banishment, should not be able t°
the slightest punishment on a pilfering boy, 'even thelllP
acknowledged his guilt, but have no alternative he 600
impunity and sending the party to gaol, to pass Ind
before trial, associated with the dregs of society, an et,
undergo a regular trial and subsequent imprisonrojelg Ii
the great expense of his industrious neighbours, an opt
own ruin, and all this, perhaps, for some petty vtoeeS
which formerly would have been punished by time esb,l
or the parish beadle. For be it remembered that di,
fine, costly, and often well-conducted establishmentl,i, tie!e
county gaols, were, as far as the person committed ru, 0.0
is concerned, little better than so many universities ,I`,;iet
propagating of criminal knowledge, where the novice, 3;
takes his degree in vice at the expense of the pubilbolo;el
House was aware that this country had been long. eill iosio'ee
under a grievous curse, in the increase of crimes notb 1
proportion to that of population, the causes of which, ivoodi
proceeded from circumstances, and not from enYteeeri e
depravity, he was anxious to explain. I st. It wag
Iraft4p,
to the degradation of the working classes, proceen
05
a profuse and profligate issue of paper money dtl
