sonable and proper object in view, was readily
agreed to.

German Papers contain some details respect-
ing the late riots at Neustadt, on the 'occasion
of the anniversary of the popular festival at
Hambach. These details are of no other im-
portance, than as they serve to show that
the spirit of liberty, in the minor German
States, "is not dead, but sleepeth," and can
now and then wake up like a giant refreshed
from the trance into which it has been thrown
by the monstrous Frankfurt edicts. Accounts
from Berlin contain some gossip respecting the
affairs of the East.

Last night the House of Commons negatived
,he different amendments proposed to Mr.

STANLEY'S second anti-slavery resolution. That
resolution was—

" That it is expedient that all children born after the
passing of any Act, or who shall he under the age of six
years at the time of passing any Act of Parliament, for this
purpose, be declared free—subject, nevertheless, to such
temporary restrictions as may be deemed necessary for
their support and maintenance,"
The only actual opponent of this reasonable
proposition was Mr. HumE! He moved as
an amendment to it that
" It was the opinion of the Committee that further in-
formation was required relative to the efficiency of free
labour, upon which the future beneficial cultivation of the
colonies must materially depend, and without which neither
the welfare of the negroes, nor the interests of the planters,
could he secured, and that it was therefore desirable that
the inquiries should be renewed before Committees of both
Houses of Parliament, immediately to commence, with a
view to examine persons recently arrived from the colo-
nies, and others practically acquainted with the various
points upon which so many discordant opinions had been
stated in this Committee."

Mr. HUME supported this amendment by
arguments which would go to the maintenance
of slavery for ever. The Hon. Gentleman, as
well as some others, wants to be assured, before
granting emancipation, that the negroes will
work for a bare subsistence for as long a time
as they do now ! " Let us," say this class of ar-
guers, " train them up to habits of industry
before emancipating them." We should have
thought that the slaves had been sufficiently
trained up to industry already, and that
when they ceased to be slaves, all that would
be necessary to make them persevere in their
habits of industry, would be to give them a
sufficient motive. Of course, it cannot be ex-
pected that the slaves should work after their
emancipation for so long a period as they now do,
without an adequate motive. They are able, it
is said, to earn a subsistence by two or three
days' labour in the week. It is clear, then, that
till an increase of population has made procur- '
ing a subsistence more difficult, the planters
must pay them wages which will enable them
either to save money, or to enjoy the luxuries of
fine clothes and furniture. If there are blacks, and
we doubt not there will be many, who will be con-
tent with a bare ,subsistence, they have every
right to enjoy their leisure time as they please.
There are many artizans in this country, who
earn enough in three days to maintain themselves
for a week ; but who ever imagined their being
coerced into constant labour ? All plans to obtain
more labour from the emancipated blacks than the
remuneration paid them is worth, must be futile,
and all objections to immediate emancipation on
the ground that the blacks will not work when
free, are so many disguised arguments in favour
of the perpetuation of slavery. There are few
landowners or relations of landowners who do

not maintain their right to compel the buyer
of corn to give them what price they
please for the commodity in which they
deal ; but there appears to be no person in the
slightest degree connected with slavery who has
not some reason or another to advance against
the abolition of the system.
Mr. HUME, excellent as his judgment is,
clear sighted as he has proved himself in all
other matters, has, we apprehend, suffered his
understanding to be misled on the question of
slavery by domestic information. It is hard to
disbelieve those we love, and we may well ex-
cuse his placing greater reliance upon the infor-
mation of his brother-in-law, although a Trini-
dad planter, than upon that of strangers.
Mr. P. M. STEWART, agent for Tobago,'
and himself a West India Proprietor, stated in
the course of the evening, the propositions he
was authorized to submit to the House, by a
meeting of the West India body, at which all
the colonial legislatures were represented. They
were of an exceedingly moderate and concilia-
tory character, and, considering the excitement
under which the West Indians must be acting,
do them much credit. He entirely agrees in
the first resolution, proposes only so far to
modify the second, as to make the emancipation
of the children take place on the promulgating,
not the passing of an Act for that purpose,
wishes the gift to be raised from 15,000,0001.
to 20,000,0001., and a loan to be advanced by
the country on colonial security, such loan to
amount to five, eight, or ten millions. He was
indifferent as to the sum, the object being merely
to raise the credit of West Indian property.
Those propositions, as we said before, consi-
dering the quarter from whence they proceed,
are exceedingly moderate, but knowing as we
do the pressure at present felt by the mid-
dling classes, we do not think it likely
that the House of Commons will consent
to the grant of 20,000,0001. Indeed, it
is great matter of doubt whether Ministers, even
with the assistance of their Conservative allies,
will he able to carry the grant of 15,000,0001.,
when many are ready to contend that, so far from
being injured, the planters will be benefitted by
emancipation. Mr. STANLEY'S speech, in re-
ply, is well worthy of being read.

By the twenty-second Report of the Public
Petition Committee, it appears that the petitions
and signatures upon the chief topics of public
interest presented up to the 24th of May,
stand as follows :—For vote by ballot thirty-

seven petitions, with 24,646 signatures ; for
the repeal of the Septennial Act, fifteen petitions,
with 9,289 signatures ; for the better obser-
vance of the Sabbath, 1,061 petitions, with
261,706 signatures ; against Sir ANDREW
AGNEW'S Bill, 20 petitions, with 2,794
signatures ; for the abolition of lay patro-
nage in the Church of Scotland, 132 petitions,
with 61,871 signatures ; against the Irish Church
Reform Bill, 98 petitions, with 6,707 signa-
tures; for the removal of the civil disabilities of
the Jews, 46 petitions, with 44,100 sig-
natures ; against the removal of the same, 3
petitions, with 134 signatures ; against
tithes in Ireland, 65 petitions, with 21,549 sig-
natures ; from Roman Catholics, praying to be
relieved from the necessity of being married ac-
cording to the rites of the Established Church,
four petitions, with 520 signatures ; from Pro-
testant Dissenters, 99 petitions, with a similar
