REMOVAL OF CONVICTS.

This morning, at four o'clock, fifty male convicts were
removed from Newgate, in two van., drawn by six post
irses each ; the prisoners consist, d of those persona who
were respite(' when the Recorder made his last report,
ind who at the late 01l Bailey Sessions were sen-
tenced to banishment. A great number of the wretched
group were far beneath the age of manhood ; but among
them were some of advauced age, who had, until recently,
borne an exemplary character—and among this onfortu-
ite class was Mr. B ixter, an extensive builder in the
eastern suburbs of the metropolis, who was found guilty
of feloniously receiving stolen timber, the property of a
merchant in the Commercial-road. In the same van with
Mr. B ixter was Ikey Solownons, of public notraiety ; but
he is not at present aware of the place in which he is des.
tined to live in slavery, as some of the convicts are to ba
conveyed from Portsmouth to Devonport, preparato"y t )
the sentence being fully carried into execution.
In consequence of the good conduct of Solomons during
his confinement he entertains a sanguine hype that Le
will be allowed to join his wife and family who are " so-
journers" at Van Dieman's Land, for whom he entertains
an ardent affection. lie hAs often been heard to observe
that he would have preferred suffering death to being trans-
ported for ever to a clinic where he would be a stranger
and a vagabond. It has often been a matter of surprie
that the hat• Government should have, at an enormous
exoence, brought from the Antipodes a self-expatriated
felon for the mere purpose of his undergoing the ord,al.of
a public trial.
Yesterday morning 39 female convicts were removed to
the transport ship lying off Woolwich, which is to convey
most of them from the land of their nativity for ever.

VAUXHALL GA RDENS.—This delightful
place of summer amusement commenced its season last
night, and we are glad to say under citcumotances which
will "make it what it was for Many years,—the most agt ee-
able summer evening promenade in Europe. The vaude-
villes and ballets, and Al the other amusements, an atten-
tion to which confined a large portion of the visiters to
the rotunda, ;ire now given up. The singing is in the
open air, and in the intervals the company have the
pleasure of enjoying—that which is, after all, the grea'est
attraction of the gardens—the promenade. The desire
of " seeing and being seen" is the leading impulse which.*
firings the majority of the company hither, and the
greater the means of gratifying that desire, the more popular
will the gardens become as a summer evening's lounge.
The proprietors have made ample provision to relieve the
promenade from any thing like monotony by placing at
intervals some very striking and well executed panoramic
views. Amongst these, a view of the great eruption of
Vesuvius in 1794—the town of Brighton, with the chain•
pier from the sea—two views of the Liverpool and Man-
chester railway,—were objects of great and deserved at-
traction. The view of Brighton is really a splendid
picture. The amusements of the evening commenced with
a grand overture, after which followed singing by Mrs.
NIAPLESON, Miss 'MARTIN, and Miss GEORGE, Messrs.
BEDFORD, HOBBS, ROBINSON, and, though last not least,
the old favourite of the gardens, Mr. W. H. WILLIAMS.
NlicitAEL BOAT, the celebrated chin melodist, also contri-
buted to the agreeables of the evening with his very curious
and novel performance. The entertainments concluded
by a magnificent display of fireworks.
THE EX-DUKE OF BRUNSWICK AND DON
MIGUEL'S AGENT.—The Ex• Duke of BRUNSWICK, find-
ing a Constitutional Government exce•sively unpleasant
to live under, has left Paris to find congenial society at
Madrid. His habits were of a very unprincely and un-
dignified nature. He passed the greater part of the day
smoking in his apartment, and the greater part of the
night playing for crown stakes at the saloons. His hosts
were very happy to see the last of him, and had great dif-
ficulty in obtaining payment. We have had another de-
parture, in the person of Count M.:roux, the accredited
agent of Don Alwyn,. This individual, having lost
100,000 francs at the Cercle des Etrangers, anti being
deeply in debt, effected his flight with such diplomatic dis-
cretion, that he even carried off his children, under the
pretence of a walk, from the school in which they were
placed, leaving the master minus a heavy bill. He left
behind him a declaration, that he could not think of re-
maining in a country at war with his illustrious master,
and therefore thought fit, in token of indignation, to re-
tire.—Paris Chit Chat.

The burning cliff at Hohvorth, near Wey-
mouth, is now becoming an object of particular attent on.
—Fissures have, within the last foal-1;0, opened, dis-
charging vapour at another Rat, about five hundred feet
to the westward of the long line of apertures, which have
for some time past been active in operation.—Humpshire
Advertiser.

As some boys were playing last week on
board the Active in Bridport harbour, they discovered on
the ceiling of the cabin a swallow's nest, with the bird
sitting on five eggs; the birds have not been disturbed,
and continue their attentions as if in the greatest privacy.
—Hampshire Advertiser.
The profits of the Provincial Bank of Ireland
for the year ending April 1831, amount to 2 1 ,7971. The
dividend for the half year ending Midsummer-day next to
be two and a half per cent.

The rain which fell on Sunday came most
seasonably for the hay-farmers and market-gardeners, whom
the thirsty earth threatened with very scanty crops.
According to the accounts received to-day
from New York the exchange on London has risen to
Notwithstanding his tariff Brother Jonathan will be ob-
liged to remit gold.
LONDON SPARROWS.—At a late lecture on
animal and vegetable life in London, delivered by 1)r.
J. MITCHELL at the London Literary and Scientific Insti-
tution, he stated that the London sparrows were often as
sooty and black as chimney-sweepers. Their favourite
abode for building their nests is within the foliage of the
capitals of Corinthian columns and pilasters. Ile stated,
that they also build within the mouth of the lion on the
top front of Northumberland-house. The benevolence of
some, and the cruelty of others, placed pots on the sides of
houses for the'r reception. Dr. JOHNSON marks with his
abhorrence one man who did this. The sparrows, not
knowing the character of the man with whom they had to
deal, built their nests in his pots. It Was disgusting to
hear• the fellow express his delight at the prospect of.
making pies of their young.
PRISON DISCIPLINE: SOCIETY.--Yesterday
this Society held a meeting at Exeter-hall, for the purport-
of receiving a Report from the Committee, and for the
transaction of the usual annual business of societies of this
nature. Mr. FOWELL BUXTON in the Chair. The report
was read. Under the head of secondary punishments it
found fault with transportation, and recommended in its
place penitentiary punishment, where prisoners might be
submitted to hard labour by day, and solitary cortinetnent
by night, the restriction of silence, and proper religious
instruction. The Report then alluded to the state of the
gaols in the United Kingdom, and lamented that more had
not been done towards their improvement ; those in Ireland,
however, seemed to hold out better promise. After the
usual routine business, the meeting broke up.
FOREIGN CONTRACTS FOR A RMS.—We
understand that the great French contract for arms taken
by the manufacturers of this town is, for the present, sus-
pended. Orders to this effect were received in Binning-
ham on Thursday evening ; and, in obedience to instruc-
tions, the inspector appointed to superintend the work
went to London the same evening. The reason for this
step is yet unknown ; although we have head it inti-
mated that the impossibility of completing the contract
within the time specified is most likely to be the cause.
By the terms of the contract, the arms are required to lie
delivered about the middle of the next month. We be-
lieve, however, judging from the present forwardness of
the work, it would be impossible to complete it within a
month from that time. It will be recollected that a few
months a it was currently reported that our manufac-
turers had received °frets for anus from Poland. Such,
we are now inclined to believe, was the ease. Within this
last fortnight from 15 to 20,000 stand of arms have been
f.rorted to the Continent, painted and packed as gas-
piping. The precaution, sae presume, is adopted to se-
cure their safe transmission through the German States.—
ilimiingleato Journal.
MARRIAGE AND DEATH IN ONE DAY.
—On Tuesday an inquest was taken before THOMAS BAD-
GER, Esq., Coroner, at the house of Mr. FIELDING, of
the Punch•sewl, in South-street, Sheffield Moor, on view
of the body of a young man named JoHN VARDV (19
ycars old on the sth of March last), who t{•as married the
previous day, at Rotherham church, to Miss MARC
RictiAttng, not twenty years old. The wedding party
returned from Pother= to Sheffield, where they both f
re-
sided, and spent the day very cheerfully at the house of
the bride's father, on Sheffield Moor. The wife rc.,,i_ted,
to rest about eleven o'clock at night, and was shortlyir,eirry
followed by the deceased, who had been untisy,
„bet..
• and cheerful throughout the day,
led instan Shall
seized with a fit of apoplexy a
field Courant.
I. In the short period of shoot bnvdeth°ltiegn perfectly he was

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS

without waiting or . expecting to have the wind
conveyances provided for there. This is, indeed,
The proceedings at the Pitt dinner have been the record of a noble victory.—Times.
published :we do not mean to treat them harshly, - it's
have been not a little amused by the perusal
—their situation inspires more compassionate feel
of two pamphlets. emanating from the Porto acre
inge,—though we must hold up the mirror and le,
them see themselves for an instant. On one ex- Government—the first entitled " Specific Answers
ptession of Lord Hare wood's only shall we remark to the several Demands of the acting French Con-
" It was essential to the freedom of the subject," sus in Lisbon, addressed to the Portuguese Govern.
he said, " that the conduct of public men should be ment in his Note of the 28th March, 1831 ;" and the
open to public animadversion, and he called upon second entitled " Legal Opinion and Observations
them to use that freedom tuhile they had it." Now, on the Correspondence lately addressed by the aw-
is the insinuation contained in the clause which we ing French Consul in Lisbon to the Portuguese Go-
have marked in italics fair or just? What is there vernment." In this paper warfare, Don Miguel
in the Bill reserved for the stew Parliament to fetta has some advantages over the French Government.
the Press, or to prevent free discussion on the con. We have no wish to say any thing severe of Portu-
duct of public men ?—and this, too, from a friend totese tribunals and Portuguese Judges, but no one
of the old Pitt Administration! We recollect the will accuse us of libelling them, when we observe
times, indeed, when it was dangerous to speak or that a more corrupt ser of knaves do not exist on
almost to think any thing against the conduct of the the face of the earth than Portuguese Judges, and
men in power ! We recollect the season of spies and that the highest bidder will always be most sue-
informers !—the suppression of public assemblies ! cessftil to them. But this does not in the least de-
the dead and awful silence of the Press! We re- tract from the force of the argument of the Portu-
collect the terror of those times ! But what is there guese writer. When the French enter Portugal,
in the present era, that can lead Lord Harewood to they enter it at their peril. They then owe obe-
surmise that such measures may be recalled into life dience to the laws of Portugal, and must submit to
and activity against their original authors, or the few :he decision of Portuguese Judges. if they have
of their original authors who still survive? No. the good fortune to light on honest and impartial
thing, nothing whatever. The present a'sembly Judges, well and good; but if they are oppressed
and pillaged in' due course of law, they have no
profess themselves to be Reformers. How hypo-
critical ; and, wit hal, how silly ! They impose upon right to complain of Don Miguel. Alluding to the
no one by suet professions. When did they first first demand of the French Consul, that M. Bon-
adopt their principles of Reform ? When they saw homme be set at liberty, and the barbarous sentence
that an efficacious measure could be no longer re-
against him of 28th February last be annulled, the
sived ; and now only are they become Reformers writer observes—
from gtele. But on all previous occasions, whatever "According to all the received maxims of public law, if
attempt was made to-correct the vices of' the repre- M. Bonhornme had committed a punishable off-glee within
sensation—nomatter iThetheithealterations proposed the dominions of Portugal, he was amenable to . the laws,
and the sentence pronounced against him by a competent
were great or smalle-e-they- :resisted and defeatedribunal .cannot consequently be revoked or annulled, un-
it ; and had it not been for their successful op- lesst by virtue
an injury of. the
inflicted
contraryleifalftn forms. When any wrong is
position, Birmingham, Manchester, Leeds, and done,b o
tee three Ridings of Yorkshire, would, at the very usages of nations, the
the national honour ist e
doubtlessthe
laws
sboaunndd
moment at which we are writing this, have had their to give satisfaction ; but, in the case in question, the Por-
representatives in Parliament, and the country tuguese Government cannot be thus called upon to inter-
would have been intent upon any thing rather than fere with the administration of justice, perfectly inde-
a general Reform. Well, then they complain of the pendent of the Executive."
haste—the breathless haste—with which they are M. Cassas having complained of the iniquity and
called upon to proceed to the consummation of the barbarity of the sentence, the Portuguese champion
measure, when they themselves inform us that the indignantly exclaims,
question was mooted by Mr. Pitt, their pretended " Granting even that a commercial agent were corn-
and fictitious idol, in the year 1782, nearly half a cen- peteut to a task of such great import, these very ex-
pressionsb amount to a charge directly levelled against both
wry ago; and we can tell them, that if it were to
ttried,inift:fhrity
land capacity of Judges who presided at the
be stirred again another half century hence, and all
the present evils suffered to go on increasing, they whom the elawc tahroaldctsertoohferetrefseunotatatiivoe off
justice. Such
sniced.
indecorous,
—if they were alive, or (themselves being dead) offensive and reproachful languagea fountain
is extroem:el
such as they—would oppose the Reform even then, and in England would be taken as a high misprision,ne.rus
upon the same plea of abruptness and breathless haste. usually punished by heavy fines, imprisonment, and corporal
it is obvious, therefore, that the zealous bigotry of punishment."
this meeting has not been able to light upon a single There is no doubt that in this country we should
argument capable of arresting the progress of the not be well pleased to hear a French Consul com-
great measure.-7'inres, plaining of the iniquity and barbarity of a sentence
Whenever plausible objections are made to any °fettle Court of King's Bench, and calling peremp-
tom ily for its annulment. The fact of the sentence
&mil of the Ministerial measure of Reform, it must
be for the advantage of the cause itself to have them being barbarous and iniquitous, or the reverse, does
not affect the question ; because one nation is not
dispassionately examined. A correspondent, signed
entitled to try the tribunals of another. We are told
" Homo," favours us with a letter animadverting in
by the seriter that the Judges in Portugal are ap-
strong terms on a certain provision of the Bill. It
is well known that one great benefit proposed by pointed quanatiu bene se gesserint ; they are among
this measure is its confining the elective franchise the highest orders of the State ; hold a jurisdiction
'
regulated by certain and established rules, and
of each voter to one particular county, city, boraugh,
&c., whereby each qualified individual will enjoy the cannot be removed or punished until an abuse of
justice is proved against them. They are something
right of being represented as a member of that corn- •
like our boroughmongera, who never have bribery
munity amongst whom lie may have fixed hie resi-
proved against them, though the only use of the
Bence. Ont•votere—the great sources of expense
borough is to sell it. A Portuguese Judge con-
and instruments of intrigue and corruption—are thus
trives in the expensive capital of Lisbon, to sup-
effectually got rid of. Our correspondent, however, is
port a splendid establishment, on an allowance about
not satisfied with this; he desires to carry the restric.
equal to what is given to one of our police serjeants.
lion a step (indeed many steps) further, and besides
But no
limiting the franchise of each elector to a single
Portugal or Russia : and to the complaint of the
place, lie would prevent him from voting for more
Frenchman, we may answer in the words of Mo-
than a single candidate. Thus in Middlesex, for
liere, Que liable alloit it faire clans eette galere?
instance, according to " Homo's" proposition, each
Our countrymen were in a different situation from
freeholder, copyholder, &c., might vote for either
that of the French. This is alluded to by the
Byng or Hume, but not for both these gentlemen.
writer. " The right not to be arrested, unless by
We consider this plan, in its practical operation, as
virtue of an order from a Judge Conservator, is a
of worse than doubtful use. Take Yorkshire, for
example, even at Olio recent election, when the privilege specially granted by treaty ; and as the
French have none subsisting with Portugal, such an
freeholders of the county were so much of one mind
exemption cannot be demanded, although it may be-
infavour of Reform ;—or Cornwall, where Sir
come the subject of negociation." The Judges
Richard Vyvyan maintained an obstinate, though
who suffered themselves to become the blind in-
unequal struggle, but was at last thrown out;—or,
strumetits of Don Miguel, in the ca,e of the English,
a mere striking occasion still, take Worcesterehire,
were abruptly dismissed, because they had paid no
where two Reformers were with great difficulty le-
regard to the privileges stipulated to the English by
turned ;—above all, let us look at Northamptonshire,
treaties. Not that the treaty would have been of
where the actual defeat of Lord Milton was antics- the least avail but for the guns of the English
paled to within three days of the close of his ardu-
ships in the Tagus. Don Miguel's champion as-
ous contest, and reflect a little what must have been
the consequence in to o at least of the above
men. !times, as a matter of course, that a full measure of
Justice has been dealt out to the French in all the
ties, had each voter been limited to the choice of a
cases of which the Corlett' complains. And though
single candidate, and what might probably have
it be as notorious as the sun at noon day, that justice
happened in them all. strip Captain Spencer
is only bought and sold at Lisbon, and though it is
of the support derived to him from Mr. Foley's
more than probable that the French have been un-
second votes, and Mr. Lygon would now .
Justly condemned, still the Portuguese are not called
have been a sitting Member for Wtrcester-
on to admit the worthlessness of their tribunals.
ehire. Take away from Lord Milton the benefit of
The French would, therefore, be without redress,
the split votes of Lord Althorp, and every body
but for the argument in the shape of gun balls
knows that Mr. Cartwright must have been the
which are about to be used against Don Miuel.
second—probably the foremost—knight of the shire
After all, however, the precedent is somewhat Ban-
ter Northampton. So even in Yorkshire and Corn. gerous. It would be better to abstain front enter-
all respectively, although the majority was so over-
wwhelming against Sir Richard Vyvyan, and although mg countries in the condition of Portugal, than to
Mr. Bethel' (respectable and popular undoubtedly) make the conduct of their tribunals a pretext for
was deterred front the poll, from which Mr. Dun- interfering in their internal affairs.—/Lfortz. Chro:z.
combo was yet more indignantly driven, who can We find, from the account of the Pitt Club din-
say that there might not have been Cornish Tories ner, that Lord Eldon is not an Anthßeformer.
enough to force in one Anti-Reformist Member, and "In 1783," he sass, " Mr. Pitt made a new motion ;
suffieient in Yorkshire for another, had the !bend and before he (Lord Eldon) prweeded further, let hint re-
electors been divided and disabled from to-operating mark, that he had never been oppo,td to the con-ideration
of Reform in Parliament; but he had always desired it
for the common object of an unmixed Reform re-
pleeentation ? It is unquestionable that even in should be held in remembrance that alteration was not ne-
cessarily Reform. Reform meant amendment, and not
la rditi a r y times the party most capable ,of ma- innovation and mere change. At his time of life, four-
razuvring arid combining, that is to say, the s
•ore se,, it was his duty to consider deeply before he
few in their warfare tAgainst the many, will have
the means of doing mischief just in the 1 alio in dente, surrendered
Lad
conferred those institutions
such
inestimable
buiendicir Divine Pro v i
wtecli the means of effectual union are withdrawn country, and raised it to ts present rank C S
amongV g o
nations,n
frotn the body of the people. A faction, thus tinder for the purpose of adopting projects, the result of which
a variety of circumstances, provided only that ne no man could foietell.—(ll?ar.) In the session of 1783,
man were. to possess more than a single choice, Mr. Pitt made" his second motion. In that sessini he
might contrive to bring forward more than one-third (Lord Eldon) first entered Parliament. Mr. Pitt said that
as many votes in its, interest as the whole bulk of on the previous occasion he had gone too far—that in fu-
the ualified electors for the county consisted of,
ture he must be far more guarded than he had been, and
q
he moved resolutions to the effect, that when the majority
and so command one seat for a place where the of the voters of any borough were proved delinquent, that
!alance of opinion was decidedly Adverse to its ob- borough should he disfranchised—that the franchise should
jects. This is a benefit which would gttach to an I,e givena to new voters. end that the pure voters of the
oligarchy in a far greater degree than to a immure ;iu- convicted borotigh should have votes fur the Knight of the.
mereus body; inasmuch as the powers for working shire in which they were situated. Of this propositiOn
the machinery of the former would be so much more no one far a moment could doubt the propriety. And let
simplified and condensed. If, then, there be airy him ask what had been the conduct of Parliament ever
usefulness in the formation of amass of public since 1783? If a borough had been proved to be delinquent,
it had been disfranchised, and the franchise given to some
opinion, and in its direction to a given purpose, at
other district, or extended to the neighbouring districts.--
times wherein great interests are at stake, there
(Hear, hear.")
must be more or less of evil in breaking up and
Wonderful concession I When the majority ofthe
subdividing
subdividing that force, and thus leaving it at the . , •
voters ot any borough are proved delinquent, that
option of a party to attack the people in detail, and
borough should be disfranchised ! But the
at least to gain some partial advantage over them.
nomination boroughs are never delinquent. The
The grand success attending the late county elec.
Earl of Harewood took the subject of spoliation out
tions throughout England arose from every man
of time hands of Sir Charles Wetherell. " Did Mr.
having a second vote.—Tinzes. Pitt (lie said) ever insist upon a part of the Consti-
We insert this day a notice from the Committee ration begng forcibly - f • bly and violently wrested from
for man •
aging the Reform Subscription Fund,which them ? There were certain propositions of Mr.
will be read with interest andgratification by every Pitt upon record respecting delimitient boroughs, but
friendt.. to purity ofand
election
to the glorious cause was there the slightest ground for supposingthat
of
t tat
`teronn. The arnount subscribed in money for so preposterous an idea ever entered his mind as
this great national ing
compared with
cause has been, we confess, trifl- that which might he forcibly wrested from one mare
i
has not much the grandeur of the object. It end given to his neighbour, could be posses ed by
t
27,0001., nor exceeded altogether the sum of that neighbour in security ? lie answered no—no
equalled one-half
single election struggle •
vulgar ends of sordidambl7 ifurmer times, when the man, whose memory they revered.,—(Loud ape
service the resources of ton have called into their plause.) He (Lord Halewood), however, now
where the people have _ eetnmon-place coreuptiort, I ved in times when that doctrine was brought fur-
been acted
not felt it worth their while to act, upon, but hay,: ward with authority; and it well behoved the peopleolfritie
the recent of England to look to its natural consequences,
instance, on the contrary, the Power
nor was thaßeform should it Le Acted upon.—(Hear, hear.)" When
candidates was not their purse,
dependen on the subscriptions in the hands of :Ise laws imposing heave teetes to hellish incomes to the
Committee,. although we are assured I,
...y that ie. children and dependents of the borouglimongers
triotic body that they have beers enabled to second wereof versed, what was this but thing erntet one part
the patriotic zeal of the Reformers fully and effe.e. about
nation to give to another ? Parliainepe is
tually in more than twenty contested elections. proo,trtto passb a lesw, Pot to take from any man his''
The real contributions of the people were in their . self of tYtt'et but to prevent any man from availing him-
persons, and the generous eagerness with which his own pocket. This,
Thivote the money of ethers into
they pressed to the poll, wherever a contest offered perty, tritest render it -
more,so far from endangering pro.
, secure. Every posseeeor
vielf, without regard to private inconvenience, and of property knows that A. prese,
.. I that property is

at the mercy of men, the majority of whom are not
responsible to the nation. However, there is little
use in now combating arguments which impose on
no one. The nation has rejected with loathing all
the endeavours of this school, which arc easily been
through. They all amount to this : we at present
derive great advantages from the ready access we
have at all times to the pockets of John Bull. With
a Parliament chosen by and accountable to the pos-
sessors of property, money will only be voted for
efficient public services, and we shall no longer have
' the power of quartering all our children and de-
pendents on the public.—Morning Chronicle.
It is a melancholy fact that England, while ex-
celling most other countries in other intellectual and
moral advantage, and possessing institutions of
learning and charity which equal, if they do not
surpass, whatever public establishments of a similar
nature have adorned the civilized world, is inferior
to most nations that have emerged from barbarism
in the character and spirit of her criminal laws. It
seems as if our Legislators thought that to have the
power of taking away human life was equivalent to
having the right to do so, and they have, in the
exercise of this mistaken and abused power, accu-
mulated statutes of blood, until the common sense
and common feelings of the people are shocked by
the system of vengeance which usurps the name of
justice. Cruel laws always defeat their own inten-
tion, as violent proceedings in general do, by the re-
action which they produce. The object of en-
lightened justice is, that every violator of public and
private rights should be punished; but in order to
that it is necessary that his punishment bear a just
proportion to his guilt. If the punishment be exces-
sively severe, the public abhorrence falls, not on the
offender, but on the law; and as it is necessary
to have the co-operation of public opinion in
carrying thelaws into effeet, whatever laws excite the
public repugnance become incapable of being cxer
cised in that certain and uniform manner without
which they must fall into contempt. When laws
are so irrationably severe that they cannot be gene-
rally executed, any particular instances in which they
are put in force—as in the case of the two wretched
men, the other day—for offences not usually
pu-
nished with death, excite disgust, arid appear more
like a harsh and cruel sacrifice to some capricious
feeling, or temporary notion of expediency, than the
debt of crime paid to dispassionate justice. Such
examples prove that, whoever may have the execu-
tion of the criminal laws of a country, the laws
should be good, that Government may not have the
power of throwing the responsibility of inhuman
punishments on the vicious severity of the law. The
members of the present Government, when in op-
poSition, had so repeatedly, and so powerfully, ex-
pressed their abhorrence of laws that visited mere
violations of property as if they were offences of vio-
lence and blood, that the public were astonished to
find a preparation for legal Reform prefaced by such
sanguinary arguments; but we hope the people will
now see the necessity of constitutionally and vigor-
ously insisting on the abolition of lass which have
themselves abolished the first principles of justice
and umani ty.—Morning Herald.

as contradistinguished from the House of Commons,
in their easy and uninterrupted progress. The
Upper House possesses, with respect to these mat-
ters, a negative power us potential as that of the
Lower, arid may wield it with the same effect as a
weapon of annoyance or coercion towards the Exe-
cutive Government whenever it deems the Ad-
ministration of the day unworthy of its confidence.
The Ministry which does not exert its whole
influence to procure the co-operation of both Houses
in the m•asures necessary to the regular move-
ment of the State machine, is composed of ind:-
viduals who are deliberate revolutionists, or com-
mits as a body deliberate suicide. And this de-
liberate suicide may, we are informed by Minis-
ters, or their immediate friends, be committed,
in the confident hope that the House of Com-
mons will recall them to political life, by refusing;
to co-operate with their successors, and by attempt-
ing to domineer over, to humiliate, and to coerce
the House of Lords. Let them try the experiment
'if they dare. The result cannot be doubtful. They
would be left unhonoured arid unpitied in the grave
they had, in their arrogance and their treason, dug
for the Constitution. Their fay and ‘‘ickedtress
would have the effect of imparting to their suc-
cessors a degree of strength, not only in one House
of Parliament but in both, greater than any Mi-
nistry in England has enjoyed within the memory of
living man. An united Legislature, under the
guidance of those successors, would adopt a scheme
of Reform differing from theirs in these two impor-
tant particulars, that it would be rational and honest
—a scheme of Reform which, without flattering the
rabble, would satisfy arid benefit the community—a
scheme of Reform which would improve and
strengthen, without subverting, the Constitution.—
Morning Post.

SECOND EDITION.
SUN OFFICE, Seven o'clock.

THE LONDON GAZETTE

OF THIS EVENING.

At the Court at St. James's, May 27, 1831.
The King, as Sovereign of the Most Noble Order of the Gar-
ter, has been graciously pleased, by letters patent under his royal
sign manual and the great seal of the Order, bearing date this
day, to 41 spense with all the statutes and regulations usually ob.
served in regard to installation, and to grant unto the Right
Honourable Charles Earl Grey, Knight of the said Most Noble
Order, and duly invested with the ensigns thereof, full power
and authority to exercise all rights and privileges belonging to a
Knight Companion of the Most Noble Order of Garter, in as
full and ample a manner as if his Lordship had been formerly
installed, any decree, rule, or usage, to the contrary notwith-
standing.

Whitehall, May 31.
The King has been pleased to direct letters patent to be passed
under the Great Seal, granting the dignity of a Baron of the
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland unto the Right
Hon William George Earl of Erroll, and the heirs male of his
body lawfully begotten, by the name, stile, and title of Baron
Kilmarnock, of Kilmarnock, in the county of Hyr.

War Office, May 31, 1831.
Ist or Grenadier Regiment of Foot Guards—J. W. Drummond,
Gent. to be Ensign and Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Hope, pro-
moted, May 31.
4th Regiment of Foot—Ensign W. B. Ponsonby to be Lieu.
tenant, by purchase, vice Alloway, who retires; R. H. Mony.
penny, Gent. to be Ensign, by purchase, vice Ponsonby, May 31.
9th Foot—Lieut.-Colonel H. Custance, from the half-day, to
be I.ieut.-Colonel, vice J. Taylor, who exchanges, receiving the
difference, May 31.
12th Foot—J. H. Cameron, Gent., to be Ensign, by purchase,
vice Villebois, who retires, May 31.
40th Foot—Ensign I'. S. Powell to be Lieutenant, by purchase,
vice Low, who retires; J. Elton, Gent., to be Ensign, by pur-
chase, vice Powell, May 31.
55th Foot—Ensign G. A. Robertson to be Lieutenant, without
purchase, vice Trydell, deceased; H. Bayly, Gent., to beilinsign,
vice Robertson, May 31.
69th Foot—Serjeaant- Major —Newel, from the 90th Foot,
to be Adjutant, with the rank of Ensign, vice Belton promoted,
May 31.

The arguments addressed especially to the House
of Lords to induce that branch of the Legislature to
concur in the Reform Bill of his Majesty's Nlinisters,
omit without any exception, so far as we have ob-
served, all reference to the merits of the measure,
and confine themselves to an appeal to the prudence
or the fears of that noble assembly, assuming that
the House of Commons just elected, and the people
of England, are determined at all hazards to have

he Bill, or at least some other system of represents.

tion, manufactured by the same workmen. This
train of argument seems to admit thut there is some-
thing in the character of the Bill, and of the Admi-
nistration which devised it, so thoroughly irrecon-
cilable to the feelings and principles which predo-
minate among the British Peerage, that there is no
hope of the House of Peers adopting the measure,
or supporting the Ministry, in consequence of a fair
discussion of the merits of either, and that extrinsic
considerarions are indispensible to give the measure
or the; Ministry any chance of success wish their
Lordships. If this be so, and it is at least a legiti-
mate inference, from the train of argument which
has occurred to all the advocates of the Bill or of
the Ministry, the question is at once raised, which
are more worthy of the support of the nation, with
a view to its permanent welfare—the Bill and the
Ministry, or the House of Peers ? With re,pect
to the proper answer to this question, no man can
hesitate for a single moment, who is not a determined
revolutionist. The Ministers themselves, however
infatuated as to the excellence of their Bill, how-
r fond of place and power, cannot encourage any
doubt upon this question, unless they are in heart
and soul determined revolutionists. Nothing can be
more clear than the duty of the House of Lords
to resist the Bill, and to regard with jealousy also
any other measure, upon the same or any other
subject, proceeding from the same men, if they
conscientiously believe, as the arguments of
the Ministerialists admit and assume, that the Re-
form Bill of his Majesty's Ministers is pregnant
with danger and destruction ; unless, perhaps, it be
the duty of his Majesty's Ministers to view the
opinion upon such a subject, of each branch of the
Legislature, as of equal authority to modify their
measure, so that it may unite the independent
suffrages of the whole Legislature, and, if this
cannot be, to resign at once their measure and their
office. If, in pursuance of this duty, the House of
Lords should, at the commencement of the Session,
in an address to the King, or by any other constitu-

tional means, manifest an invincible repugnance to
the Bill, or to any part of it, what then will follow ?
The Ministers must modify their Bill, or they must
resign. The former, say their advocates, they cannot
do, because the country requires them, and they
have pklged themselves to the country, to adhere
to their Bill ; the latter they need not do, because
the House of Commons being at their back, will
coerce the House of Lords, by withholding the
Supplies ; and ought not to do, because, in the
event of their retirement, there are no men to suc-
ceed them who would have a chance to carry on

the Government of the country with the present
House of Commons, or any other that could pos-
sibly be elected. Let us examine for a moment
these several propositions. It is unquestionably
true that the opinion of the House of Conitikins
ought to stave at all time,' a considerable influence
upon the decisions of the House of Lord 4, because
for a mixed Government to proceed harmoniouily,

is necessary that its several parts should to a cei-

tain extent defer to each other. But for the same
reason and to the same extent, it must be the
opinion of all but determined revolutionists, that
the Honse of Commons ought to defer to the
declwed opinion of the Upper House. It follows
from this view of the subject that the House of
Lords, now that it has to co-operate with a House
of Commons called together with reference to a
single question, ought at the earliest possible mo-
ment, and in the most authentic mariner, to declare
its sentiments upon that question, and that it cannot
permit to escape the opportunity of doing so which
the adders in reply to the King's Speech will afford,
without a gross neglect of this important duty. But
we may venture to assume that the House of Lords
►will be true to its Constitutional duty, and frankly,
speedily, and forcibly express the opinions ►which
the advocates of Ministers; as plainly appears from
the ►whole course of their arguments, behave it sit,-
cerely to entertain. In this case the Ministers must
bend or retire, or incur the responsibility ►which
will then be wholly theirs, of attempting to place
the two Houses of Parliament in conflict with each
other. If, however, they hazard this mad and re-
volutionary attempt, they will assuredly fail, for, of
the 658 Members of the House of Commons, there
are nearly 300 who are known to concur in the sen 7

time= imputed (justly no doubt) to the House of
Lords and of the remainder a large proporti)n
will u.!dattbtedly withdraw their confidence from
Ministers the 'moment they manifest a dispo-
sition so dangerous and criminal. With respect to
the supplies and the other nrdinary business of the
State? the House of I..ords has no special interest,

flush Foot—T. Webb, Gent., to be Ensign, by purchase, vice
Alison, who retires, May 31.
9Sth Foot—Ensign J. IL Armstrong to be Lieutenant, by pur-
chase, vice Frecbairn, who retires ; C. Stretton, Gent., to be
Ensign, by purchase, vice Armstrong, May 31.

Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Middlesex.
The Right Hon. G. C. Coningsby, Earl of Essex ; H. G. Codd,
Esq..; and W. A. Mackinnon, Esq., to be Deputy Lieutenants,
May U. _ _

Royal East Middlesex Regiment of Militia.
M. C. Maher, Esq. to be Captain, April 29.
Royal West Middlesex Militia.
W. Cooper, Gent. to Le Lieutenant; F. W. Coe, Gent., to be
Ensign, Feb. 10.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Somerset
ist Somerset Regiment of Militia.
J. H. Beadon, Esq. to be Captain, May 11 ; S. H. Lowder,
Gent. to be Ensign, May 16.
Commission by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Hereford.
Hereford Regiment of Militia.
J. G. Beavan, Esq. to be Captain, May 16.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the county of
Southampton.
J. I. Lockhart, Esq. to be Deputy Lieutenant, April 15.
North Hants Yeomanry Cavalry.
R. Titchbourne, Gent to be Lieutenant, vice Baring, re-
signed, May 11.
Commission by the Lord Lieutenant of the county of Carnarvon.
Royal Carnarvonshire Militia.
0. J. E Nanney, Esq. to be Captain, vice Priestley, succeeded
to to the command of the Corps, March 16.
Commission by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Forfar.
Forfar and Kincardine Regiment of Militia.
A. B. Higgins, Esq., to be Captain, March 10.
Commission by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Stafford.
King's Own Regiment of Staffordshire Militia.
S. Adams, Gent., to be Lieutenant, vice Lycett, resigned,
May 23.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Devon.
W. Buller, Esq., R. A. A. Julian, Esq., J. Elliott, Esq., J. Col-
lier, Esq., to be Deputy Lieutenants, March 14.
North Devon Regiment of Militia.
Sir J. Williams, Bart., to be Major; M. E. N. Parker, Esq., to
to be Captain, April 15,_
_

•Nord) Devon Regiment of Yeomanry Cavalry.
M. Cooke, jun., Gent., to be Cornet, April 7.
South. Devon Squadron of Yeomanry Cavalry.
J. Bate, Esq , to be Captain ; J. B.Turner, Gent., to be Lieute-
nant, April '23.
East Devon Volunteer Cavalry.
The Rev. V. H. P. Somerset to be Chaplain, April 23.
Ist Devon Itegitnent of Yeomanry Cavalry.
E. S. Drewe, Gent, to be Lieutenant; T. Carew, Gent. to be
Cornet, May 11.
