MONUMENT TO JOHN KNOX.

We have just learned that a proposal to erect
a monument in Einburgh to this celebrated Re-
former—" he who never feared the face of man"
-Lis about to be submitted. We are sure this
proposal will be well received by the Public,
and be followed by liberal subscriptions. It has
been suggested that the Parliament-square, where
his remains are laid, would make a most appro-
priate site for the monument. But we should he
sorry to think that the statue of The Merry Mo-
narch, which has been so long in abeyance,
should be altogether banished. Some excellent
points may be afforded by the proposed improve-
ment Bill ; but it will he time enough to discuss
this matter when the erection of the monument
shall be determined on. We extract the follow-
ing from the prospectus :
- •

" It is surely the duty of every nation to shew the estimation
in which they hold the memory of their great men, by erecting
public monuments to their virtues, or the benefits they have
conferred on their country. accordingly we find this principle
acted upon in almost all countries, and in all ages. In Edin-
burgh, the only public monuments of consequence which we
have to boast of are those to Nelson and Melville. But there
is one man whose name as yet stands unrecorded in this way in
our metropolis, viz. John Knox,who for the services he rendered
to Scotland has never been surpassed by any or by all our coun-
trymen. To no one are we more indebted for our civil and religi-
ous liberties—to him we principally owe that solid, though hum-
ble Presbyterian establishment which we all so highly value
—he checked the torrent of ignorance and superstition,—
he unshackled the minds of our countrymen from the slavery of
Popish delusions, and by his fearless independence taught Scot-
land the value of civil and religious freedom. And by spread-
ing the light of the Reformation, he laid the foundation of that
learning and knowledge which has raised the national character
to its present height.
" Let it no longer then be said, that the metropolis of Scot-
land, the principal scene of his labours, it still without a monu-
ment to his memory. Glasgow has, to her credit, recently set
the example, and we should be proud to follow in so good a
cause."—( Edinburgh Courant, Oct. 22. )

BRUTAL CONDUCT of a CHIMNEY SWEEPER.

REX V. JONES.
The defendant in this case, a chimney sweeper, residing at
Newcastle, was indicted for cruelly and inhumanly beating and
maiming Wm. Cliff, a lad of about eight or nine years of age.
After Mr. Russell had stated the facts, which he was instructed
would be proved, he.called Wm. Cliff; the little boy, who had
been the subject of ill treatment, into the box, who give this
account:—
" I now live in the poor-house of Audley, to which parish
I belong. In the summer of last year my father took Inc to
Jones to live with him; Jones used me very ill, and in conse-
quence I ran away from him. I rambled up and down till I
came to Audley, when I was taken into the poor-house, and very
kindly treated. On Monday, the 25th of July last, I was sent by
the Governor of the workhouse to Burslem, and on my return,
at a place called Red-street, near Chesterton, my stepmother
came up and asked me to go with her to have something to
drink ; I was going to pass on, but she caught hold of me,
and Jones the sweep, and my father, came up. My father
said to Jones, 4 You may take him ; he's your's ; he's none
of mine ; you may do what you will with him !' I cried very
much, but the sweep took me off with him to his own house at
Newcastle. He kicked me on the road a good deal, and when he
got mein his house, tied me to the fails of the stairs. Afterwards
he obliged me to go up a chimney in his own house ; and be-
cause it hurt me to go up, and I came down soon, he flogged me
very much with a rope, and would make me try again. When
I was in the chimney again, he said he would murder me if I
did not look sharp ; and he followed me a little way, and cut
my feet with a scraper I This hurt me very, much ; it gave me
great pain. When I came down again, he beat me with the
rope, and sent me up a third time. After I had been up the
chimney the last time, Jones took me up stairs, gave me some
bread and water, tied me to a rail, and left me there till morn-
ing. The next day I left Jones's, and went to Audley again ;
my feet were so sore that I was obliged to walk on my tip-toes."
Mrs. Taylor, of Audley, who happened to be with the boy
when Jones and his father met him at Red-street, corroborated
that part of his statement ; and she, having examined his body
on his return to the workhouse at Audley, the day after the al-
leged cruelty had' been used, stated also that the boy's heels
were very much cut, and that he was covered with bruises and
weals ; it was a considerable time before he could walk with-
out appearing very lame.
Mr. T. G. Coombe, surgeon, of Newcastle, deposed, that lie
examined the boy on the Friday after lie returned to Audley,
by the request of the parish officers. There was a very deep
wound on each heel, which must have been made with some
sharp instrument; there were wounds upon the elbows and
knees, and very severe bruises upon different parts of his body,
as if he had been violently flogged with a rope or a stick.
Jones, in defence, said, that he did not beat the boy at all ;
and called a lad of about 8 years of age, an apprentice of his,
who said that his master did not touch Clifl; and that he had
no wounds upon his heels, and slept on a straw bed that night.
A man and a woman, Jones's neighbours, stated that Jones
was on the outside of the house while the boy was in the chim-
ney, looking for his appearance at the top, and consequently
could not have cut his feet.
William Underhill, of Stafford, a " trusty brother of the
trade," then came forward to say that boys could not be in-
structed LI sweeping chimneys without having their elbows and
knees bruised. On cross-examination, lie said, that it was not
necessary that their heels should be cut to the bone.
The Jury found the defendant Guilty.
The CIIAIRBIAN, on passing sentence, designated the con-
duct of Jones " cruel and inhuman in the extreme ;" and said,
that lie had added to his offence by encouraging his apprentice
boy to forswear himself.—Sentence, to be imprisoned six
months.
The parish officers were complimented by the Magistrates
for their humane protection of the lad, and for their public
spirit in prosecuting the master.—(Staffordshire Advertiser.)

Holum) MunnEa.—Extract of a letter from
Clonmel :—" A barbarous murder was committed
on Tuesday morning, on the road. from New Inn
to Caher, quite near the gate leading to Outragh,
and close to the unhappy man's house. The
name of the unfortunate person is William
O'Donnel, or Daniel, who was persecuted for
and acquitted of, the murder of the Kin-
nealys. On Monday he attended a vestry under
the tithe-composition bill, at New Inn, where
Dr. Bell attended on the occasion. After the
business of the vestry was terminated, it was said
that Dr. Bell gave the parishioners 30s. to drink,
and that the deceased continued drinking till 3
o'clock on Tuesday morning.. When he and his
servant man, of the name of Carey, were return-
ing home, they were met, at the place we have
already stated, by six men, two of them imme-
diately attacked the deceased with stones, and
literally forced one of them (which was a lime-
stone, with a sharp edge) into his skull. As
soon as the attack was made, the boy ran, and
was pursued by some of the party,who repeatedly
called out to him to stop, as it was impossible for
him to escape from them ; but he persevered, and
happily gained his master's house. Having com-
municated the horrid business, the friends of the
deceased proceeded to the spot, and found the
body in the gripe of the ditch, with the head
forced into the ground, and the stone sticking in
the skull. Early in the morning John Wilcocks,
Esq. and a party of his mounted police, proceed-
ed to the place, but no particulars as to the cause
have transpired ; but it is supposed that sus-
picion of having given some useful information ex-
cited the fears of the ruffians concerned in this
tragic scene."—(Dublin Morning
Post.)
