a for Nfiiltlits2x; fir, if that motion were agreed to, it
e.ould go at once to deprive six or eight meritorious offi-
c rtt of their means of subsistence, and of the reward ler
honourable and useful services to which they were justly
entitled. He should be for putting an end prospectively
to those sinecures; whereas, the motion of his Hon.
Ff ienl would have a retrospective operation.
Mr. HUIIE said, that all he contended for was, that
t?,ose places should be removed as sinecures. He should
be perfectly willing to support a motion for giving to ell.
naval officers of high desert the rewards to which their
services might entitle them. By adopting his motion,
hey would get rid of the existing sinecures, and prevent
tbepossible abuse of them in future.
Mr. N.• CALVERT would certainly support the esti-
tnit..
grasiietvosutos abuseforo;of
h
though
powerughtheroef had bineen,iint.
in times
pasta ,
vet he did not apprehend there was now much danger of
the continuance of that abuse; and be thought those of.
tiers against which the amendment of the Hon. Afember
for Middlesex was directed formed means of rewarding
meritorious officers which it would be highly inexpedient
to abolish.

Mr. WILDS supported the amendment.
Mr. W. PETER said, that if the Hon. Member for
Middlesex could show that these appointments bad been
improperly made, or that the least possible saving could
fairly and honestly accrue to the country from the abolition
of them, he would most cordially vote in support of the
•amendment. The case, however, he believed, to be quite
the reverse. These promotions could be shown, for a
long series of years, to have been bestowed on the oldest
:Ind most deserving officers—(hear, hear)—on men
who, if deprived of such rewards, would be en-
titled, as it was admitted on all sides, to pensions or
increased pay, in lieu of them. As for calling them sine-
cures, they were no more sinecures than coloneleies of regi-
ments.—(Hear, and laughter from the Opposition benches.
Ile contended that they were not sinecures, but rewards,
the cheapest rewards, for past services. By uniting hu-
nitir with emolument, they were the means of s?vine mo-
ney to the country. Let the Honourable 3lember
point out one single instance of ebuse in the
present appointments, and he would vote with him for
withholding the salary from any person thus improperly
appointed. What, however, he (Mr. Peter) looked at was
the substance, not the shadow of things, and unless it
could be shown that the proposed amendment was in some
way calculated to save the public money, or to benefit the
country, he felt it his duty to vote against it.
Colonel HAY supported the estimate.

Major HANDLEY said he had reason to know that by
many of the officers those situations were considered de •
grading, and he should therefore support the amendment.

Mr. BRISCOE said that on a former occasion he had
voted against a motion of the Hon. Member for Middlesex
on the subject of sinecures; he had since seen reason to
regret that vote, and he should now endeavour to repair
the error by votinz with him on the present. The per-
sons filling the offices now under the consideration of the
House had no duties to perform, and should, therefore,
as he conceived, no longer receive any portion of the pub-
he, money.

Lord PALMERSTON hoped that the House would not
allow itself to be carried away by words. The question
really was not one of sinecures or no sinecures, but
whether they should legislate prospectively or retrospec-
t ively—whether they should continue to meritorious pub-
lic servants the just rewards of brillivit services, and of.
lives devoted to the service of their country.
Mr. PETRE also supported the estimate.
Mr. GISBORNE observed, that when upon a former
occasion the Hon. Member for Middh sex had brought the
subject of sinecures under the consideration of the House,
he was met by the argument, that if there were under
that motion, and that time, any step taken, it would
amount to a direct interference with the prerogative of the
Crown ; and a great many other arguments of equal force
were urged against it ; and his Hon. Fiend was told to
wait until the several estimates were brought before the
Ilouse of Commons—now a reformed House of Commons;
but the bringing forward of the estimates affirded that
opp irtunity to which his lion. Friend was referred, and
now they were assailed with an app-al ad niisericordiam.
That he thought should not fur a moment be attended to,
and for this simple reason, that the proposition of the
Member for Middlesex did not go to do the slightest
injury to the present incumbents of offices, since he and
all who supported him were perfectly willing to make
suitable prevision for all those officers.
Sir ROBERT PRICE contended that the offices in
question were not sinecures properly so called, and that
the cheapest and moat advantageous mode of rewardinE
public services of the nature referred to was by offices
which carried with them honourable distinction, ani at
the same time some small emolument.

Mr. PLUMPTRE would not depart from the vote which
he had given on the former occasion.

Lord- EBRINGTON way not disposed to yield to the
appeal ad misericordiam ; but he did think it was a
highly advantageous practice thus to reward public
,ervice, by combining, at a small expenditure, honour
with emolument.

Nlr. O'DWYER desired to know when and where the
retrenchments so often spoken of were to commence?
Sir JAMES GRAHAM replied, that reductions had
b.en effected in the last year to the extent of 2,100,0001.
He was asked, would those reduc'ions go on ? He should
say, Yes ; and for proof of that assertion he should rto
the estimates then before them. Already re luetions to the
extent of 400,000/. or 500,000/. hid been effected.
Mr. HERRIES said the last Administration had been
fully as desirous to reduce taxation, and as successful in
&dug so, as the present Government. The Administration
of the Duke of Wellington, with which he had had the
honour of being connected, had made a reduction of three
millions in one year.
Mr. HUME said Hon. Members complained that he
p inted out no case of abuse. Had he not mentioned the
case of Sir Augustus Fi,zelarence, which was a most abo-
ut noble case of abuse?

An HON MEMBER said he was ready to support di:.
lion. Member fur Middlesex in any specific case which h
biou4ht forward.

Mr. HUME could not reckon upon such support ; it
wdi the loop-hole through which they all got nut. If offi-
cers were to be paid salaries, he wished that each indivi-
dual case should be laid before the House, in order that it
alight be deliberated on. It was said such subjects should
not come under the consideration of a popular assembly ;
but he wished the representatives of the people would piy
mere attention to them than they did. He trusted, that
before the end of the p,esent session there would he an end
to all binecutes and unmerited pensions. It officers were
to receive pay, it would be given to them under the real—
wit fictitions denomination.—(Cries of " Question.")
The House then divided—.
For the original motion
For the amendment B3
Majority -110
418.0001. was then voted for the department of the
M wines for the present year.
Tt.e House then re-umed.
CHURCH TEMPORALITIES (IREL!aND) BILL.
Lrnd ALTHORP postponed the Comm,ttee on the
Tempomlities Rill till Monday next.
Mr. KENNEDY moved the 'coral reading of the Scot,
tiah Burgh Police Bill.

Mr. R. STEWART objected to the motion, because
the Bill had not been printed.
It was accordingly postponed.
The Scotch Revtnue Bill then passed through a Corn.
mitre, and was ordered to be committed to-morrow (this
Cy).

The Stafford Bribery Indemnity Bill, as amended, was
read a second time.
Mr. CLAY presented several petitions from parishes in
the Tower Hamlets against Sunday trading ; and from
S,ratford-le-Bow, Mile end, Old Town, and Stepney.,
praying for the repeal of the assessed taxes.
The HON. AlEsta&ft then presented a petition front
Thomas Urquhart, one of the Younger Brothers of the
Trinity House, praying for an inquiry into the conduct of
that Corporation.
Mr. PENDARVES presented several petitions front
places in Cornwall, against slavery.
The House adjourned at two o'clock.

We understand a considerable improvement
has taken place in the shawl trade of this c,ty. As a
proof of this the weavers have got an advance in prices to
s considerable ainount.—Edinburgh Advertiser.

RHEUMATISNi, GOUT, COUGHS, AND
COLDS.—Life Pill 4, entirely ♦egetable, discovered by the
Rev. C. CARRINGTON, Vicar of Berkeley, one of his
ALtjemty's Deputy Lieutenants, &c., far the entp!ry of
(lloucester. Enford, Wilts, June R.

I am in the habit of taking your Life Pills for the Rheu-
matism, with which I used to be dreadfully afflicted. Nothing
so effectually relieves it, and though I am seventy three years of
age, yet by using them the moment of an attack, I keep off the
fit, ED W. RA WL I NS.

Sold in Boxes at Is. lid. and 4s. 6d. each.
HOARE'S ANODYNE EMBROCATION; or, IsteitovEn
HEAL ALL, is unequalled for Sprains and Bruises, Fresh
cuts, Burns and Scalds, Quinsey and Sore Thro it,
Swellings, Chilblains before breaking, &c. &c. No Family
Dealers.
toen
rtg
.1
eo
sncie t used
.Ri
tit
.s
apiie
and 2s.
willissoielvdoe rtLyl a without,‘letiie
iinte.
In 1$ engraved
in the Government Stamp.
