CHORUS.

Wedlock 's a glorious thing,
Blessings be on the beginning n't,
Should your neck break with the string,
Sweet at least is the spinning o't.

Hymen, they say, is a wag,
A conjuring rogue that prevaricates,
That will change a poor man to a stag,
And a couple of doves to a pair o' cats-..
Gall with your nectar he 'H mix,

Clashes of discord with harmony ;
Still I deny that his tricks

Matclawith his fair dealings are many.
Glory in wedlock and war
With safety alike contradictory ;
Hearts that will hazard a scar,
Hare's to your honour and victory !

CHORUS.
Wedlock 's a glorious thing,
Blessings be on the beginning o't,
Should year' neck break with the string,
Sweet is at least the spinning

BLACKWOOD'S MAGAZINE.

The article on Greece in this number is replete through-
out with dramatic interest; the account of the slaughter
at Scio alone would furnish fuel for a dozen combustible
melodramee as, however, it is very long, we cannot afford
to extract it at present, but shall content ourselves instead
with this characteristic extract

A dreadful act of Turkish ferocity signalised the commencement
of the campaign of 1822. In European war, the only slain itre
the victims nf the field. In Turkish war, the slaughter of the
battle is hut a trivial foretaste of the slaughter in cold blood. The
whole population are the true objects of the seimitim The number
of Greeks murdered, or carried Into slavery, during the few years
of the Albanian occupation of the Morea, after theßusaian war 'of
1774
treaty
ainountedaftocainont
alersdsjithbati anmiletiplitudaw
hundred
fotirm
toad ;
Even this horrid waste of life was mercy to the originalri9nYteteneetti the
l'ntion
Russian .
of the Sultan. " A deliberate proposal was made in the Divan,
to slaughter them all in cold blood, innocent and guilt'',
of what-
ever age or sex. This proposal, however,
was resisted by Gazi
Usisan. 165 chief argument, and which done carried CODYICiIOiI

to his hearers, wea--' If we Idll all the Oreeloi, vva shelf tese all
the capitation they pay!'
" Even without the provocation of a Russian war, WWI
Mustapha, predecessor and brother of Abdulhamid, on his Wee.
lion to the throne, proposed to rut off all the Christians in the
empire, and was with difficulty dissbased from it."
The tale entitled Di Vasari is choice (as all. Blackwood's
fictions are), and the review of the Souvenir, Amulet,
Friendship's Offerings, &c. as good-natured as all Christ-
mas allusions should be. We are glad to find that Chris-
topher coincides with us in his opinion of Lord Byron's
frontispiece, that disgraces the present year's Literary Sou-
venir. It is indeed an execrable performance, and belongs
(one would think) to the worthy husband of some Bil-
lingsgate fishwoman. We expressed oar opinion of it
pretty strongly a few weeks since, when called on to
notice the Souvenir.

MONTHLY AND EUROPEAN.
We are glad to find that this Ikfagazine is fast improving
in the great periodical essentials of, sale, reputation and
ability. The present Number is particularly spirited, and
sets out with a Paper entitled " Ireland in 1828," from
which Mr. Dawson, M. P. for Louth, may, we humbly
conceive, derive much useful knowledge when he next ad-
dresses the House of Commons on the tilbjert of his " af-
flicted country." Miss Mitford is very happy in hir village
sketch. of " The New Married Couple," which, with
appropriate alterations would form an interesting interlude.
A." Voice from the Departed," possesses a striking fearful
interest; very far superior to the usual run of Magazine
irticles. We regret that our limits will not allow us to
give it entire ; the epitaph, however, on the " Toper," we
can venture upon as it is both brief and unique in its way.
We pity the hard heart which can read without • a tear,
these pathetic lines :
" My thirsty hones, bettelith these stones,
Cry Om for ittikatioti," -

~. ~

POTATORIS.-
EPITAPH ON A 10PER IN THE OF TIM HOLY GHOST AT

SIENNA.

Vina dabant 'kw), mortem inihi vina (lettere
Sobrius auroratu aepicere non potui
Ossa martini hiturit, Vino consperge eepulcruun
Et cutlet poto, care viatur abi,
Valete Potatores."

Life-giving wine, that juice divine,
My blissful days extended ;
But death, alas! ha. drained my glass,
And all my pleasures ended.
The social bowl my jovial soul
Ere morn ne'er thought of quitting;
A jolly fellow, his wine, till mellow,
To leave is not befitting.
My thirsty bones, beneath these stones,
Cry out for irrigation;
In pity o'er my tomb then pour
A copious libation.
Next fill a cup, and drink it up,' '
Pure wine like ruby glowing ;
This boon I pray, dear trav'ller, pay,
When from this place you're going.
Topers farewell! where'er you dwell, •
May wine be most abounding;
Be all your lays of wine the praise,
In Pains loud resounding.
In the. 1 Letter on Affairs in general" the question of
the Corn Laws is treated in a very masterly manner, and
herfectly consonant to the feelings of the people at lirge,
owever it•may' detract from the monopolising Vleasure of
the Country Gentlemen. We regjet our inability to give
extracts to-day,-but'we shall insert the article shortly.

LITERARY MAGNET:
, From which we quote the following " Lameut for the
Fairiee"—the hint of which appears to have been derived
from Bishop Corbett's poem of the same name, inserted in
" Percy's Relics," as a very fair specimen of the literary
44""4444; theavork 9k 4.4,4 y w^t c ith.141.4 ve,
ia equefiy good:—

A LAMENT FOR THE FAIRIES.
0 who has not hearkened in days of his childhood
To tales that were told of the lost Fairy-lend,.—
Whose denizens sported at night thro' the wild wood,
Or chased steep bane waves on the moon-lighted strand ;
Nor sometimes been tempted to doubt whether knowledge
Be 'worth the belief it has driven away;—
Whether all the lore gathered at school or at college,
Bath pleased like the visions of Fairies at play.
Fairy-land was the dream of the world when awaking
From her second long slumber of darkness and dread,
When even Superstition began to be taking
Some tinges of beauty and light ere she fled :
Then Fancy delighted, first mingled her terrors,
Of demons and ghosts, with the lovely and tier,
And called to adorn her, this dearest of errors—
Of Fairies on earth, and of Sylphs in the air.
But now the werM's older—they say it is erissr,—.
I wish they could prove it is happier too :
But I fear that, as much as we think we despise her,
We oft sigh for pleasures that, ignorance knew.
The Fairies, alas! are for ever goes from us,
The joys of our childhood in age leave no trace,—.
But I cannot discover the raptures they promise
Our wisdom shall being us, have yet filled.their place.
The shepherd has often rabged o'er mountains and willies,
A look at the elves in their gambols to steal;
And whims'er disappointed, has thought it their malice
That would not themselves or their treasures reveal:—
But tell me, ye sages, who smile at the story,
Were ye never lured by as foolish a•thought—.
Have ye never chased riches, or splendour, or glory,
For pleasures they never would give you, if caught?
We all are deceived by some phantom or other,
Like dreams of the Fairy-land, bright but untrue -
And the fancy we smile to perceive in another, •
Only altered in shape, is beguiling us too. - •
Do not frown at my inoral.—.ltwill give You assistance
To keep in your view the true source, of bliss; • ,••
The joys that shall light up another existence,
The friendship and love that console us in this. •
