GENERAL ELECTION.

TO MEMIZILS, CANDIDATES, Comm!Ers, and
ELECTORS.--Being anxious to give thefullesi and
7110 Si correct account of the Elections throughout the
Kingdom, tee shall be very thanVul to any Gentle-
man imntediately interested, to, favour us by post or
othertcise, with 'the state of the -Polling, and other
matters connected with the. Election, in his Tons: or
County.

CI f Y ELECTION.
At the close of the poll yesterday the numbers stood thus :
Thompson - 4215 Ward -
Waitliman - 8280 Lord Mayor -
Wood - - 3158
Mr. Alderman Tnosirsox then thanked the Liverymen for th

distinguished piece which he held on the roll, cud pledged
self, if succespful, to use hie. utmost endeavours to further the .
terests'ef the City of London. Applause. )
Nfr. Alderman Wafrnis N called upon his friends to euntiune
their exertions to the last, tent: congratulate) them on the relative
position which he held on the poll, considering, the machinery.
Which was: at work against him. lle would say nothing
iuvi-
dious against the other Candidats, but be knew there were some
in the City who were straining every nerve to support some, of
them; and would not be displeased if be were thrown out.
therefore again called upon his friends to redouble their exertions,
and come early next day to the poll. The great body of electors
that supported him was composed of middling traders. Other
classes of society had men to represent then in the House of Com-
mons, but they had none ; they never had been represented, and
thdir interests were miserably neglected. 7--( }fear, hear !)—lle
world not, however, have it underetood that he would support
theirinterests at the expence of the other classes. They all must
rise and flit! together. His object *was to support all classes, mer-
chants, bankers, manufacturers, and traders ;• and in miler to
show that they may believe this to be the principle of his action,
he had only ,to say that many merchants and bankers of the first
eminence bad that day come forward, and given their votes in his
behalf. Some Of then were second to none in the city of Lop-
don. lie was happy to see men of such infhience evince such
good sense and liberality. lie
,again thanked his friends, and
requested their early attendance next day ,at the
(Cheering.)
Alderman Woon said, he assured them yesterday that the
independent Livery of London would not desert their old tried
servant; and he had the satisfaction of announcing to them that
he had not beau mistaken, though every effort had been made on

the part of some 'to depreciate his merits. Placards had been stuck
uffor the purpose of lemming him in the opinion of his fellow.
citizens, though he was convinced the gentlemen who appeared pa
candidates before them Lad no hand in it.—(Applause.)--.He did
net. in the smallest degree blame them, but. he blamed some private
enemies, who were doing every thing in their power to throw him
out. On one of the boards was the well-known Paul Pry. He
should like to he considered as that character ; and if they should
again return hint, he
,would, on every occasion where. their .inte.
rests were at stake, or when extravagant sums were about to be
voted away by the House of Unmans, just peep in, like Pan!
Pry, and raise his voice against such proceedings. He had been
highly delighted with the polling that day. Several great mer-
chants had come forward and voted for him, and they at the same
time assured hint that they had been induced to &Jo chick on-
the recommendation of Mr. T. Wilson ; that gentleman had. said
that he was always at his post, and that no one Member attended.
more to his duty.. He was happy to have the approbation of such
a colleague—a gentleman, too,who on all occasions when the inte-
rests the City were at stake, was ready to watch over them—.

- . :-
Another eirenntstanco had given. hiin great satisfaction - Nut
Ow :.ur the t;tociety of. the .414m1e who, yeti 'former -00easitnnOkal
'voted far him, hod deserted him on the present oecasion--.uol
why ? because he had always' sat his face against slavery of all
kinds,(Applause.)---,He 04%1, on honest black lilt* among the
Icrowd at that inoment..—(This produced great laughter, which ,
wait increased tenfold when the aged. African was raised aloft on
the shoulders of those next him, and exhibited much against his
will to the gaze of the multitude.)--Some around him seemed ,ro-
ther uneasy when he mentioned the subject of West India Slavery-;
he would, however, soon relieve their minds. ' He would molt
certainly vote that all slavery, white as well as black, should he
abolished; but at the same time he would vote that no change
which could interfere with private property should take place
without compensation being provided for those who should be af-
fected by it. (Applause.) He had not asked for one vote since the
election commenced, and some gentlemen that day had-asked if
• they *tonic( give their votes for hint. He replied no, unless they
thought he deserved. them. He was thus obliged to speak of him-
self, because it was the custom in the city that no one should pro-
pose an Alderman as a candidate, they of course were obliged to
speak for themselves, He therefore would take the liberty of re-
minding them of one of his acts, which tended so much to the
good of the city, of Loudon,. Formerly a grievous Coal Tax was
imposed on the Citizens fhr the purpose of building climates.
This he had been the means of removing, and had thereby saved
the city an annual ex pence of nearly 300,000/.—(Great applause.)
That tax pressed heavily on the manufacturing class, and-he was.
happy to think that through his exertions the small coals, which
they chiefly used, bad been reduced from Ms. to Is. the ehaldron.
He coududed by thanking the Liverymen for their • distinguished
support, and hoped they would continue it to. the lasto,-(Loud
cheering.)

Mr. WARD, AS usual, could not obtain a hearing amidst the
most tremendous noise and uproar. He thanked his friends for
their support, and assured those who opposed him that the more
they were acquainted, the better friends, and the better opinion
they would have of each other. He only hoped they would sup
port him to the last as they had done that day, and then it would
be little matter whether they heard, him or he heard them...--
(Laughter and applause.)

- ,
The Loin JUATOR congratulated the livery on the imple-
ment they seemed to derive from one Of the best contested elec-
tions that he bad ever witnessed in the city of London, and IlOw-
ever it might terminate, be wathappy to see them enjoy it; in
the mean time he had little to say on that occasion, and he would
recommend them to pay little attention' to whet was said during
the eteethm—(Great laughter.):—He would advise them rather
to make inquiry into the conduct and merits of the respective
candidates, and nut judge of them by what they said, lint by
what they had done, and might be expected to do. He called
upon them to select the `four fitteSt candidates, then he should be
satisfied.—(Great applause.)—lf he shOuld be so fortunate at
to be sent to the House of Commons, be would to the ut-

most of his power emplu hie abftitiee for the benefit, of .his
fellow-citizen, He would make no profeesioni,aa to what he
had done or left undone; lie stood before them, they knew hit Out-

raeter, and couldludgt of it aeoordingly. All he %waited was tin
prosperity and comfort of hi.* fellow citizens. If he wee chut) en
he should he thankful. if he were unsuccessful the City

should still hare his warmest wishes, and he would say, in
the w►►rds of the' motto otGlitsgow, " Let the City -of London
pamper."
Ilia Lordship retired amidst great applause, and the hall was
immediately cleared.
It is thought that the polling, both this day and to narrow,
will be still keener than it has even been during any of the pre-
ceding day's•
