:TO TUG PUBLIC.

The n-ew-born Year claims bee Custor3.--
Baltosrs 1 Si moturntrauna quaris? circantspice—
toa around ; and put no limit, hut the confines
•of the (Aube, to your delighted gaze. That for
which you have so long and so nobly contended,
that for which you have struggled with do,
Jnestie priYations, that for Which you have bled
in battle, is achieved. Ye are safe and honoured,
a nation the highest among the high ;-7-through
'your perseverance, Tyranny has been quelled, and
C3untry in Europe restored to freedQtn and
,•independence' —through your valour in a just
war, the whole of the known and civilized world
isi.atTeace

s_
Tow, auspicious a moment have we then to
igreet one• another on the opening of a term of
time so full of blessedness, as not to have its pa-
' t."-allel within the memory of man : to congratu-
late every citizen his fellow, on possessing the
proud privilege of " I too am one of those
British who have so gloriously performed their
dutiei through this eventful era :'' to advance
beyond this patriotic feeling to
.another, only.
grander because more enlarged, and, While we
hail the people of other lands exclaim to the Rus-
sian, Brother Warrior, we have conquered to-
gether for the benefit, not of ourselveS: but of
Europe,—to the Prussian, under the same title,:
vre have nobly-fought for and attained your .de-
liverance from slavery,—to the Austrian, ancient
Ally, in union with us, you have again ascended
to your rank in the scale of Natioils ;—to the
Spaniard, never forget that we have_ saved your.
Country, fur lathich we ask no return but its hap-
piness ;—to the Portuguese, comrade and fel-
low-soldier, •ve have restored you to indepeu-.
deuce, and seek no reward but- your long enjoy-
ment of it ;7--to the DlltChtlldll, friend, the first
protector of your reviving liberties calls upon you
to slew your gratitude only -by an interchange
of amity in 'the coming time of out• mutual
prosperity ;7-to the Frenchman, noble enemies
reconciled, as we have convinced you that we
wished not your degradation, but your welfare;
let us now prove to the world thatblessings-inore.
unnumbered flow from our being sincerely at
peace, .than ever evils sprung from °Ur repented
eimitentions;—to the Swede, we have fought to-
gether bravely to, rescue- the North of Europe
from opprossibn, le,. us now as cordially co-ope-
rate in pouring the title of commercial 'prosperity
Auto -the territories we haredelivered;—to the Dane,
too long forced to be subservient to a despot's nod,
embrace'the opportunity now offered, and'in good
offices
.unite freely and Zealously n;ith us, vlio
were never your foe, but when self-preservatimvs
compelled us to preVent your being employed for
our own destruction,' by a power from which you
could not extricate yourselves ;—and even to • the
American, you have wronged s,' but we forgive
you, let the peace we have just sworn, be as
geni'line and generou's, as the•war you waged was
wiprovolted and unjust. •

There is somethlog in a state of universal peace,
which seems' to attune the soul to sentiments such
as thee. We ought earnestly to endeavour
nut to revive but to dismiss from our very toe-
tnt,ties the discordant passions which have so
long destroyed -the, harmony of nature. The de-
mon of evil has had a horrid and a tedious reign,
and mankind need repose. Many wounded spi-
rits 'require the bar na of comfort, many brokln
hearts claim to be bound up—dreadful are the'ca-
-
!amities which the period of past strife has left
upon humauity to he soothed and healed. To
the.se godlike rabours let us turn oursell;e;, and
ev,-rt our deate,t influence to turn others.; let
us cherish the works of concord and• social joy,
let us ir•prove. the golden era of -general tranquil-
- lit yto demonstrate that mankind have indeed be-
conic enlightened, and that the result of intelli-
gence is to preserve immutable that condition of
Peace which, thank God, we have lived to see
established, throughout Christendom. ,

Should there, unhappily, exist•nien who desire
again to unhinge society, and let loose havoc on
their' fellow-creature; the maledittion of their
race will rest upon their guilty heads, and future
ages curse the hand that first draws the sword
which has been so unaminionsly sheathed.

To TILE READERS UP THE SUN.—We hare
above glanced at the gracious state not -only
of our native-country hut of the whole earth,
and expressed upon the happy occasion of Uni-
versal Pacification, that prayer which we .think
must touch a vsponsive chord in the heart of
every Patriot and Christian. We shall:also else-
where detail the most remarkable Occurrences of
the past yeAr, during. which Britain has 'conti-
nued to act t tie pa a her character and estimation de-
manded•—adding greatly to her fame, and no way
tarnishing her rejiutation. Nothing, there:.ore,

rearalas for nt is ID'ettiatei t O'nt tifinUAi (hay,.
but to notice the single political measure; *Melt
is in an unfinished fain to allude to or two
points connected with our intetnal situation ; and
offer a very few observations on a private subject,
very grateful to our feelings, but of a nature that
rendcrs it indecorous to be dwelt upon at aletigth
proportioned to the extent of out sense of ob-
ligation.,
The Congress at Vienna occupies the snit place
in the minds
,of politicians. Of its proceedings
we, have had circulated as many versions as there
are interests. at stake. Every 'plan has its parti-
zans, and every partizan has recourse to the press
to promulgate his opinions. Were this dime in
the Nape of argument, the public. could not be
far deceived ; but gross delusions are caused by
the too common practice of these parties, which is
to surmise, then assert, and finally, censure thkit
which they desire not to have fulfilled ; while, on
the other hand, they endeavour to procure the
accomplishment of what they ‘iish, by repeatedly
affirming that it has been resolved tipon.—
Between these. false' lights the public mind is
led astray, the innocent are- slandered, the
undeserving commended, and men 'embroiled in
unnecessary disputes, which beget heats and heart-
hiunings mO,I dal-igerons to the filially happy ar-
raiigeu,ent of the mighty and glorious and good,
but err themselves sufficiently difficult, objects
which have been solemnly, in tl.e face of Heaven
•and Earth, declared to he those which the con-
gregated Powers contemplate. Having very fre-
quently laid before. our Readers the views WC.CLI-.
Upil this momentous subject, we shall only
now repeat, that we expect to see all obstacles
which have imported, or may impede. these nego7
ciations, surmounted by the temper, justice, and
moderati'on of the principals concerned, and a
bal,Juce of Europe established, which, though it
cannot be imagined will reconcile all opinions,_
shell yet be so obviously for the general advantage,
as to unite in its 'favour the.stafrages of the great
majority of mankind.

The wonderful change which has taken place
in our foreign relations, has induced a change
equally great at home. We have heard those ‘vho
have for_ many years been loudly and unseason-
ably clamorous for Peace, now that Peace (:►iul a
glorious Peace) has arrived, almost as loud in
their expressidus of distaste and disappointment.
These are men whom no state of human' affairs
will satisfy, and they must be left to the preyiugs
of their vwn discontented spirits. Others there
are who are ciissatiitied, because they actually
sutler from Peace. Trade and commerce, though
upon the aggregate bettered and increased, in
some instances deserts the old aml seeks new
channels. This is felt by ce;•tain classes, and be-
cause they are not so prosperous as they were be-
fore, they inconsiderately suppose that all are in,
jured. But this error will be speedily dissipated
as things gradually conform to their new organiza-
tion=-and we trust we need enter into no discus-
sion to spew that Peace must be ultimately for the
general %veal, however it may, fora period:id-Feet
particular interests.

The amount and application of the Revenues of
the Country, and the entire subject of our Einaii-
-eial Situation, swill shOrtly -comae before the Pub-
lic for consideration—the topic is too copious to
be ,more than mentioned here.--A great relief
from our burthens may reasonably be ;Anticipated,
and it is not too much to anticipate:. also,, from
the patriotism, sense, and virtue of a tvell-in-
formed People, -a chearful resolution to.stistain
those which are found to be still necessary to ►wind
up the- heavy account of a lVar unexampled in
niagnitutle,• continuance, exertion, and expendi-
ture.

•
From the notice of general matters, we beg to
advert to what are more peculiar to onr4elves,
Having experienced during the p;M year a very
considerable augmentation of public favour, it
is our pleasant task to acknowledge this kind-
ness. it is our. wish to be worthy of it ; and we
may assure our Readers, that we spare no exer-
tion within the scope of our abilities, to render
'llia SUN aJournal deserving of their preference
Ever anxious to ingraft such novel features Upon
the plan of a daily publication, as, front the change
of times, we think may contribute to the informa-
tion or rational entertainment of • our Readers;
we, when Eraticewas new, set the example, since
so touch "followed by our contemporaries, of
a correspondence from that Country which we had
the satisfaction to know, was very partially received
by those whom it is our object t0,.p1,!a5e,.—.:4
gular series of impartial Reviews of new Works
forms another, we trust we may say, improve-
ment in.TBE SUN, since we have been excessively'
gratified by the approbation bestowed upon it by
the Literary World. The abridgement of all im -
portant Parliamentary Papers is another of the
additions which we have made, the utility of
which requires oo comment further than that it is
extraordinary so obviously beneficial a feature in
any periodiai publication should so long escape
us and others.-Besides these matters, which
are peculiar to Tut Suzy, we have not re-
laxed, ,but on the contrary, increased our deli-
gence in the offices common to all Newspapers.—
To procure the most atitheutie anti early intelli-
gence, to open new sources of political inforima-
tion, and to be as Tull and correct as possible
in
every department have been the objects ()four un-
ceasing application. That we have so far 3tIC-

ceeletl weed y Ir.ereas;'n.; prot • 6.3 .to
ns ; that cOntioue to be even mole suceeS4ui
we 51,111 with ton Bence look to the same chei:.!..i lig
test. • .

To our frietirls.we 51i l feel•grea(ly obliged for
every 'suggestion which can lead to any alteration
which may give increased deserving•to.our Publi-
cation. 'hi some hint-f, already received, it is our
design to attend with_ the rity guar. Oire—of
these is, to publish rep:it-A.ly the list of. Scotch
and Irish Bankruptcies, tkr. us requested by
rat of our commercial friends--Tanother, the very
pattieular notice of the stateof the London and
Country Markets, and observations thereon,
:di-
rected to the defeat of monopolies andxtortiinis•
wherever 'practised—a third, is the illustration of
Provincial Newspapers,- by selecting some DI. their-
best lit's3ays.to bring, throtigh the medium of our
columns, tinder the extended observation which
a Metropolitan Print obtains. :This, we think,
.will not only lie a source of gratification to our
Readers, and a just tribute to our Fellow-labourers
in-other parts of the Empire, butsl an..sWer the
purpose we have therein more particularly in
view,—that of demonstrating the intellectual pre-
enCneticy,oLotir Country over' every other in the
universe.—Where ,the Provincial Press is con-
ducted with the ability it is in thyse Islands,
it is impoSsible but that the' mass of the coin,
munity, should be . intelligent and r,:Ale of
judging aright ; and has been, and is,
and will be the tower of our strength and
sure suiport of our - greatness. Various minor
points we shall not waste time its enumerating,
but again thank our Well-wishers, and repeat our
determination, if in our vowel-, to requite them
by augmented exertions and continuing .ituprove-
