11R1773.1.1 RET'.I"EIk:

Tlid Representations which the ingenious avid ttottuent
Author of the Pamphlet entitled, " The Dangers of the
Countri,," holiis forth of the consequences which would at-
tend a successful Invasion by the French, if it were postible
that by 'want of proper exertion we could he exposed to so
dreadful an event, deserve flit: notice of every man who may
repine at burthcns rendered absolutely necessary in the pre-
sent state of Europe.—What be says of that invaluable hul.
work of our rights, the Liberty -of the Press is particularly
interesting.

Let us look next to. the infallible and total suppres-
sion of the Liberty of our Press.
While any portion of this privilege remains in any
country, there is, if not a hope of deliverance, at
least some consolation for the oppressed.
The minions of power may be kept in check by
the publicity of transa&ions which, though not di-
really arraigned,_ would speak their own condemna-
'don. But if not, the vi&im of despotism will
.at
least know that he is pitied, perhaps admired and
• applauded, by his virtuous fellow-citizens; and that
reflexion will make his chains sit lighter.
But po'sucli consolation remains where the power
of Bonaparte prevails. He has made a_ league with
darkness. He has declared war against the mutual
intelligence and sympathy, as well as the happiness
of mankind. He has not indeed destroyed the or-
gans of public information ; but he has done infinitely
worse ; he has appropriated them all to his own ty-
rannic useicompelled them to utter all his falsehoods
and calumnies, and forbid them to speak or whisper
with any breath but his own.
The government of the Press by the French Bour-
bons, or even by the Spanish Inquisition, was wholly
of a negative kind. Roberspierre, his. associates and
successors, itnposedno restraints on the Press; unless
thrpugh.die unavoidable terror of their power; and
we learned, even from the Parisian Journals, the
worst crimes of those sanguinary Rulers.
but Bonaparte, more crafty, though not less cruel
than his predecessors, suppresses every a& of Go-
vernment that he wishes to conceal, as well as every
adverse remark on his condu&; while he obliges
every vehicle of public intelligence to circulate, as
on its own authority, whatever impostures or forge-
ries he chuses to propagate. The viaims of his
tyranny, if not plunged in oblivion, are defamed in
their charaaers, and misrepresented in their conduat ;
yet find no possible means of reply. They- are not
only deprived of liberty and life, but defrauded of
the sympathy of their friends, of their fainilies, and
mankind..

Fancy not then, Englishmen, that under the op-
pression.of this unparalleled Tyrant, you would have
the consolation of knowing that your most cruel
wrongs, or the honourable fortitude with'which you
might sustain them, were known and pitied by your
Country. You might be tortured to death, like -Pi-
chegru, and accused of suicide; you might be mur-
dered, like D'Enghien, and represented as convicted
assassins. You might be buried in a dungeon, like,
Toussaint, and libelled as perfidious traitors : Nay'
I might, like his. unfortunate family, be hidden
for ever . from the world, or secretly destroyed in
prison, without a voice 'that could convey to .the
public, or even to your anxiously inquiring friends,
the cause or nature of your fate.
It would ,be endless to enumerate the various and •
peculiar miseries which the sudden subversion of our
liberties would produce among a generouS' and'
high spirited people. ' •
' When Bonaparte bade Frenchmen resume their
chains, it was little more than a change from one
form of slavery to another. Even in their short-
lived zeal for liberty and equality, they never 'for a
moment tasted the rich fruit of genuine freedom.
But Englishmen have enjoyed for ages that inesti-
mable blessing; and how shall we be able to bear
its sad reverse ? • How shall we endure the con-
temptuous despotism of office, the exaalions'of ra-
pacious commissaries, and the harsh controul of a
military police ?
We must lay aside, my countrymen, that indici.:
nation 'at injustice in
,the- exercise of power, which
is so natural to the free born mind when stung by
the sense of oppression. We must also suppress
that 'generous sympathy for the wrongs of others,
which is so easily excited in the breasts of an English
populace. That amiable feeling, now too often
abused with tales of imaginary oppression, must
then be 'suppressed, even on the most real and ex-
trey= provocation.. Fatal would it then be to mur-
mur,
when we saw our innocent countrymen, our
friends, or dearest connexions;-dragged away by the
rude hand of power, at the mandate of seine angry •
despot, to imprlsoument or death.
The foulest- corruption, the• basest perfidy, the
most savage cruelty, when clothed with the autho-
rity of our new masters, must pass without repre-
hension or audil.le complaint ; nay must.be treated
by us with lowly submission and respect.
We must lay aside also that proud sense of perso-
nal inviolability, .which we now cherish so fondly;.
and what is justly prize& still more, the civil sanctity
of our homes. The Englishman's house must be
his castle no more.

Instead of our humble watchmen to wish us re-
spcafully good night when returning to our abodes
in the evening, we Shall be challenged at every turn-
ing by military patroles ; and shall be fortunate if
we meet with no pert boy in commission, or ill-
natured trooper, to rebuke us with the back of his
swbra, or with a lodging in the guard-house, for a
heedless or tardy reply. Perhaps, after all, when
we arrive at our homes, instead of that
.quiet fire-side
at which we expeaed to sit in domestic privacy with
our wives and children, and relieve our burthened
hearts by sighing with them over the sorrows of our
country, we:shall find some ruffian familiars of the
police, on a domiciliary visit ; or some 'inSoleneyoung
officers, who have stepped in unasked to relieve
their teditun while on guard, by the conversation of
our wives and dau4hters. It would be dangerous,
however, to offendTsuch'unwelcome guests ; or even
not to treat them with all the respect due to brave GRAVESEND, FER.
warriors who have served under Napoleon the- ' Passed by—the Vrow Martha, Borgetts, from St, Mi.
Great ! l chaers ; Ant, Sangster, from Copenhagen ; Providence,
But should we escape such intruders for the
Burcban, from Dublin.; and Jane.. t)avis, iroTCork.
Sailed—the Liana, C.oodchail, for Attie.); Eliza, Loring,
evening, still we must lie down, uncertain whether f r North Carolina ; Canada, Clark, for Jamaica ; George
our dwellings will be left unviolated till tl. morning or and Mary, Estill, for Honduras ; Hunter, Ansel!, for Bar-
A tremendous noise will often at midnight, rouse the
badoes; Freedom, Carr, for Surinam; and Argo, Burk, for
father of a family from his sleep; and he will bear a Waterkerd.
harsh voice commanding to open the gate,. through HIGH WATER AT LONDON 13RIDGE TO-MOR.
which its hapless master will soon pas to return RO W.
DO more. Nio.lling, T 3 min. after s. I Afternoon, 45 min. after s.

VIII' NEIPS.

RICHARD HARRIS, Of NO. 4, Martlett.court, Bow-street, and published by Viz LLIA-Nt ASMIGYI: Sex rfrs, of South Moltan.
LCE, NO.. Strand; Witert; Advertisements,, Orders for the Puper;. Leiturs ibr th© Ediprr&c.- (post-paid),. nl
