TO CORRESPONDENTS.

Mr. Ricliariits of Devonwrt, had better write to the News-afrent
who suppl:es the Clarewe Inn, Catherine-street, with The San,
as we have no means of complying- with his request.

The publication (1. THE SUN NEWSPAPKR commenced this day
al 35 minutes vas! 3 o'clock,

~._
_4-4 4,41.-- < 1,1,
ii,..,,,...._.:,,,__.„,..„. ~ ~,.
-.4.1,--'#•'; ,Vgiki..;',•,;'..4ol*-:,r,e)
A`...-f- ;.-..*: ~%tr--"%•, .'t-,).:,1 j"-,•1,-.:''4 i/•:,;;,...-
•-..5,-3`:c-hemo • .:-.. \ ' • :Itt,--,,k; ____l-4-; .4,.,,,,--..` ?I i-r - ,--==.- -'l-fe,„;.<_--,•, ---,•-- -• . -zz.:..k.....-- ..._...._, . ,--
..,,,:).,.. .. ~,,1..._--.,....

Q.V
riA
• 1,-, /3' (3--' s +

LONDON,
TUESDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER 15, 1835

The Tories are far from being pleased with the pro-
ceedings which took place at Manchester on Thursday
last. They cannot understand what business Mr.
O'CONNELL has to agitate. in England, and
they express a strong desire that, instead of ex.
tending his missionary labours to Edinburgh and
Glasgow, he would immediately return to his own
country. We are quite sure the Learned Gentle-
man will require no stronger stimulus to exert his
powerful energies in the good work he has so auspi-
ciously commenced, than this desire on the part of the
enemies of improvement to stop his mouth, because
he can have no surer evidence that he is promoting the
cause of Reform, and, consequently, the public good.
It would doubtless have been more agreeable to the
abettors of all abuses in Church and State, had their
own missionaries alone gone forth to preach their own
doctrines, and been allowed unmolested to sow, among
the weak and the ignorant, that good seed which might
in due time produce a plentiful harvest of political
corruption, and religious rancour. PEEL at Tam-
worth, and O'SULLIVAN at Hereford, go down
mighty well with them—but O'CONNELL at Man-
chester they cannot endure. They had expected that
when the Session of Parliament was once over, they
would have some respite from the torture which they
suffered from the daily exposure of their misdeeds—
that at least a temporary oblivion might have covered
their by-gone iniquities—when all at once this pleasing
day-dream is broken off by a horrid vision. The cham-
pion of agitation suddenly appears before them,
and holds up to their eyes a picture at which they
may well revolt, for it is the picture of themselves,
drawn by a master's hand.
Mr. O'CoNNELL is aware of the importance of
keeping before the public those topics, the discussion
of which must now prepare the way for that course of
Reform. on which we have yet scarcely entered. The
great obstacle to all Reform—that stumbling-block
which we encounter on the threshold of every im-
provement—receives of course a due portion of his
consideration. Who is there that can read the follow-
ing eloquent passage with which he concludes his no-
ble address at Manchester, without feeling the deep
responsibility of inactivity at a moment like the present?
" I shall conclude this long—to me pleasing, and to
you, I perceive, not wearisome speech—(Loud cries
of " Go on")—by reminding you that you have ar-
rived at a great crisis in the history of your great na-
tion. I am glad to have arrived at such a time, to
share in the contest ;)t is a time when men ought to be
glad to have come to such a crisis.—(Hear, hear.)
When the royal power was .too strong for the
people and exercised itself in attacks upon the
subjects at large, the Lords then made common
cause with the people, because there was, to a
great extent, a community of grievance and suffering,
The kingly tyrant was put down, but another equally
great was set up. CRomwELL, a special humbug—a
sort of PEEL in his way—he assumed supreme power,
and set up as great a tyranny as that which had been
abolished. The restoration came next, and JAMES, the
son of him whom the people had beheaded, afterwards
mounted the throne, and was guilty of the most abomi-
nable treachery. But the people did not behead him; they
had become better instructed, and they left his foolish
head upon his shoulders, allowing him to wander about
Europe, a specimen of the folly of trying to make the
people slaves.—(Hear.) And will not people take a
lesson from this ? May not 170 other persons walk
abroad in the same way without any great damage to the
interests of the country ?—(Lond cheering.) I will not
dwell on the different results of a different policy in
regard to Ireland. I will come back to your own case,
and remind you of what your forefathers did in 1688.
You are the descendants of those men whose graves raise
the swarth in your own church-yards, and you are
the most dcspciable of mankind if—with the present
state of your knowledge, and power, and strength
—you, the descendants of the Patriots of 1688
—allow a paltry one hundred and seventy Lords
to play the part which Kings have in vain attempted

to play.—(Loud cheers.) In the name of afflicted
Ireland, then, I call upon every man who now hears
me to become an apostle of that new sect whose text
is—' Reform the House of Lords.'—(Loud cheers.)
In the name of the honest and sensible people of Scot-
land, but above all in the name of the people of Ire-
land, who for a thousand years have borne the banner
of victory, and whose country has never been disgraced
by the brand of slavery, I call upon you to reform the
House of Lords."
But there is no passage in either of those addresses
which we are so much disposed to applaud as that in
which Mr. O'CONNELL so forcibly inculcates upon
the lower classes, the necessity of abstaining from all
measures of violence in working out the great plan
of Reform which now lies before them. We are
confident our readers will thank us for bringing it
prominently forward, both on account of its intrinsic
excellence, and as affording a refutation of the calumny
so often levelled against Mr. O'CONNELL, that he is
constantly exciting the people to violence and outrage :
" This is a mission, my friends, that I am upon.
I am going round amongst the people of Eng-
land
and of Scotland, to call upon them to act
with common sense, to avoid violence ; because,
besides strengthening their enemies, that is essen-
tially wrong in itself. I am come to that time of
life that it has been my duty to look into the history of
great popular changes and alterations ; and in the
history of the world, from the earliest period to the
present, I defy any man to show me any good change
brought about by violence or fraud. I defy him to show
me any revolution achieved by blood that did not
make the country infinitely worse than before.
And of all the nations in the world, there is none
that can so little afford a scene of violence and
bloodshed and revolution, as this. It is not that I
care for Lords or great men—that they may
be pulled down from their high station by
great changes, and I should pity their misfor-
tune—but I look to the humble part of the work-
ing classes. Suppose, that by any convulsion
in this country, the Manchester manufactories
were to stop working for ten days, what would be-
come of the wives and children of the operatives ? A
manufacturing and commercial country can never af-
ford a revolutionary change. But, thank God, infor-
mation spreads amongst you. The operative classes arc
now better informed (I do not exaggerate in saying
so), than the Lords. I have seen letters from five-
and•fifty Lords, and I would take out of any Me-
chanics' Institution in the British dominions, six men
by lot, and there is not one who would not write
a letter better than any of those Lords. By the informa-
tion which is spreading amongst the operative classes,
they will see that revolutionary violence would be
destructive to them and their families ; and they will
see also that all the burthens of society will press
with equal weight upon the working man and the
Peer, and they will, therefore, join me, peaceably
and tranquilly, but effectually and determinately, to
struggle with oppression, till they get what I set out
with looking for, good and cheap government
in this country.—(Continued cheering.) There
never was a revolution brought about by blood-
shed that did not pint upon a people some Cromwell or
Napoleon, or ambitious soldier of that description,
that became ten times a greater tyrant than the

old one they deposed. Violence and bloodshed arc
far from us ;_ but to make up for the deficiency, I have
been 35,years the advocate of the liberties of the peo-
pre—mj family are apt to live to the age of 96
I have 35 years to spare yet ; and in the tn2an time I
will agitate the public sense arid feeling to discoun-
tenance and put down all tyranny and oppression in
this country. Oh, frown upon the man who would
oppress you. Touch him not ; but look him as a mad
dog and• avoid his bite, lest he drive you to insanity.
It is in that struggle I now address you—it is that
every man who hears me may become an apostle of
the sect to which I belong—the sect that requires of
and preaches to the people peace and peaceful exer-
tion, and that asks for amelioration in the way in
which no good man would condemn it, and in which
GOD will smile upon it."

The whole of the Paris Papers of Sunday have been
received. The Moniteur of that day contains an ar-
ticle which states that the Government had received
despatches from Bayonne, announcing the Proclama-
tion of the Constitution of Cadiz at Madrid. It was
further stated that an entire change had taken place in
the Cabinet. MM. ARGUELLES and MENDIZABEL
had been authorized to form a new Government, which
was to co-operate with the Juntas in the provinces in an
unanimous effort to crush the Carlist conspiracy in the
North. There is no account whatever of the course
which TOREN° intends pursuing under such circum-
stances ; but we understand that the most intelligent
men in Spain are now persuaded that Ministers ought
to place themselves at the head of the Movement. We
are further advised, that both ARGUELLES and MEN-
DIZABEL propose the removal of the members of
the Juntas already formed, in order that the people
may elect such persons as they may judge best able to
manage their affairs in an orderly way, and after a form
sanctioned by the Government. All the old Members
will be eligible to be re-elected, and it is expected that
such will be the result; but to preserve order in the
Government of the country, it is judged requisite to
sanction no act performed by them until such re-elec-
tion actually take place.

The most remarkable circumstance about these an-
nouncements, is the readiness with which the QUEEN
is reported to have yielded to the proclamation of the
Constitution of Cadiz. In this her INIA.JESTY acted
wisely ; and if she consult the stabilility of her
august daughter's throne, she will throw herself into
the arms of the Liberals, who are only able to effect
her deliverance. From the instant we heard that the
people set about the establishment of the new Con-
stitution without bloodshed or violence, we were per-
suaded their power would soon become irresistible ;
and the result proves that we judged correctly. The
federalists have acted from the commencement with the
greatest forbearance, and the most praise-worthy re-
gard for the preservation of social order.
The following extract from a letter received in Paris
on Sunday evening, dated the 4th inst., from Saragossa,
has reference to a telegraphic despatch, received on
Saturday, by the French Government, in which it was
stated that the Junta of that city had resolved to for-
ward a second address to the QUEEN. The writer
says : •

" The Junta of Saragossa has addressed to the
QUEEN a petition, dated 31st August, in reply to the
communication of the Government, by which it invited
the Junta to cease its functions. The latter having
reason to believe that the wishes it has expressed have
not reached the foot of the throne, has taken measures
to transmit direct to her Majesty this new petition, of
which the following is the substance :

The undersigned freely protest to your MAJESTY
that if it depended on the Junta they would invite
your MAJESTY to remove the present Ministers, as a
measure of urgent necessity, and the immediate convo-
vation of the national representatives ; but in expressing
this wish, the only object of which is the happiness of
the people, the Junta must assure your MAJESTY
that it covers no design contrary to the loyalty and
good sense of the Arragonese ; and not a single act of
the Junta beyond the defence of the country, harrassed

by the rebels, which is not for the interest of order and
public tranquillity, and for the purpose of securing
with the co-operation of the Cortes the liberty and ne-
cessary reforms which are inseparable from the throne
Of ISABELLA."

The following is from the evening papers of
Sunday :
Yesterday at noon there was a Council of Minis-
ters at the residence of the Minister for Foreign Af-

:airs.

The Cabinet of the Tuilleries has taken the affairs
of Spain into its most serious consideration. A Coun-
cil of Ministers was held this morning, at which it is
said it was discussed whether several fortresses of Spain
should be occupied by French troops. What is cer-
tain is, that many regiments are ordered to the frontiers.
—Bon Sens.

The Cabinet is again considering of the intervention
of a French army in Spain ; and this time it is affirmed
that the repugnance of a Great Personage to this mea-
sure yields to the pressing dangers which besiege the
royalty of the Doctrinaires in Spain. However, there
was a considerable opposition in the Council held at
the Tuilleries yesterday.—Nouvelle Minerve.
The Caravane, which arrived at Toulon on the Bth
inst. from the Balearic Islands, states that our squadron
was at anchor there, with the cholera on board. The
Triton, of the line, had lost 26 men, including a
Lieutenant. The crew was in the lazaretto. This
has delayed the conveyance .of troops to Oran, the gar-
rison of which is so reduced by the departure of the
Foreign Legion.

The second and concluding article of the Journal
de Frankfirt, published by command of ORLOFF and
NESSEL RODE, as a defence of the treaty of Unkiar
Skelessi, and the general policy of Russia towards the.
PORTE, will be found in another column. The subtlety
of the writer is not the least remarkable thing about it.
The weakness of the PORT r: is but once alluded to, and
that inadvertently ; and we now learn for the first time
that the treaty was entered into with a view to protect
poor, defenceless Russia ! Our readers may start at
this ; but we assure them that such is the fact, and in
proof thereof we refer them to the article of our German
Contemporary. Yes, that Russia, whom the same
writer assured us in a former article, was only prevented
from extinguishing the Ottoman Empire by the re-
monstrances and prayers of a brace of Ambassadors, in
the very moment of her triumph besought her prostrate
foe to sign a treaty, guaranteeing to her the undisturbed
possession of a territory which no Power in Europe
thought of invading Mark the language of the
article with reference to the object of this treaty :

Has Russia, by such stipulations, at all violated the Euro-
pean law of nations ? Not at all ; it has only formally con-
firmed the principle of the closing of the Dardanelles against
ships or war, a measure of security which has been established
at all times, and without exception, by the Ottoman Porte
itself. But it is said, if the principle existed already, why
insert it in an article of the treaty ? For the very simple rea-
son, that the principle had hitherto been recognised by the
Porte only for its own security. Now, its application extends
likewise to the security of Russia. Is this the real grounds
of the complaints made of the separate article of the treaty of
Unkiar Skelessi? Is it really taken amiss that the Cabinet of
St. Petersburg has taken care of the southern provinces of its
empire? And by what right has Russia secured to herself the
exclusive privilege of freely passing the Dardanelles, to trans-
fer at its pleasure the theatre of war to the Mediterranean?
The principle of closing the Dardanelles against foreign ships
of war is laid down in the treaty of Unkiar Skelessi, without
making an exception in favour of any power. Russia has not
stipulated any privilege in its own favour in this respect. Its
treaty of alliance with the Porte is entirely defensive, and ex-
cludes all idea of aggression, consequently it no more permits
Russian ships of war to attack I%lalta or Toulon, than English
or French vessels to attach Sebastapol or Odessa."

A treaty of alliance with the PORTE, on the part of
Russia " entirely defensive," is unquestionably a
curiosity in the diplomacy of modern times. The pro-
tection of the strong by the weak is no paradox In the
Councils of St. Petersburgh. Russia was terrified
lest her southern provinces would be ravished from
her by rapacious England, and therefore she humbly
sought the protection of her Sublime neighbour the
SULTAN ! But we are riot to be gulled by such
sophistry as this. The treaty of Unkiar Skelessi is
" entirely defensive," if we understand it as intended
to secure to Russia the undisturbed possession
of that power and influence which she exercises over
the councils of the PORTE. In no other sense can it
be called defensive. But the subtlety of the writer is
chiefly shown in d welling upon the conduct of Russia
in excluding her own ships of war from the Darda-
nelles. This is a direct falsehood. Russia has not
excluded herself, and if her ships of war do not
ride in the waters of the Bosphorus, it is because she
is aware of the presence of an English fleet at
Malta. But even admitting that Russia was not al-
lowed to navigate the straits of the Dardanelles,
what protection can that be to Turkey, so long as she
has a thousand other roads by which she can transport
an army of Cossacks to Constantinople ? She talks
boastfully of her generosity in closing against herself
the only door through which relief can be conveyed to
Turkey by France and England ; but we ask her, has
she been equally solicitous in barring up all other
avenues through which she can become the aggressor ?
FOREIGN FUNDS. Bills. Money.
Austrian Metalliques, 5 per cent.
Ditto ditto 4 percent.
Ditto Bank Shares l3lB 1316
Anglo-Russian Loan 105!4 105
Ditto, 5 per cent lOO 00
Paper Inscription, 6 per cent
Russian Inscription, Hope and Co., 3d and 4th

. . .
Series
98 'A 9f”;
Portuguese Regency Bonds, 5 per cent B6
Ditto, 3 per cent. _
Dutch 2Y‘i per Cents. 5.1% 53%
Ditto 5 per Cents _
Polish Bonds, 3 per cents.
Anglo-Danish Loan, 3 per cents 74% 7414
Norwegian Loan of 1834, 4 per cents.
Spanish, in piastres, 3 per Cents lB%
Ditto 4 per Cent. — I
Cortes-Loan, 5 per Cent 37%
—"Hamburg Papers, Scpt. 12.
PRUSSIAN FUNDS.—BERLIN, SEPT. 8.
Bills. Money.
St. Schuld. Sch., 41 per cent. lOl% 101%
Prussian English Loan, 1830, 4 per cent 99
Exchange on London, Two months 6 28%
Prussian State Gazette, Sept. 9.

The King of SARDINIA bids fair to anticipate the
Sovereigns of the North in involving Europe in a
general war. Nay, we are not certain that hostilities
have not already commenced. It appears from
the Lisbon Journals of the sth instant, just re-
ceived, that his MAJESTY, in the plenitude of regal
power, sent a verbal order to Don FRANCISCO JOSE
RODRIQUEZ, her most faithful Majesty the Queen
of PORTUGAL'S Ambassador at the Court of Turin, to
quit his dominions within twenty-four hours I The
astonishment of the Envoy on receiving this Royal
mandate is inconceivable, especially as he was not con-
scious of abetting any conspiracy or other crime against
the Sardinian Monarch ; but fortunately for him, an
order to quit any part of the Sardinian Kingdom, in
any given direction, within a period of twenty-four
hours, is by no means a task too great even for
Lord HOLLAND himself. We have not learned
what steps Donna MARIA will take to vindicate her
honour, but we cannot suppose that anything short
of a declaration of war will satisfy the Duke of
PALMELLA.

SANG FROID.—A youthful, but broad-shouldered
son of Hibernia was, on Saturday last, placed at the bar of
the Police-court, charged by a gentleman with having com-
mitted an assault upon him. The complainant stated, that,
as he was passing quietly along the street, on the preceding
day, the prisoner had, without the slightest provocation,
advanced up to him and knocked him down. The Mayor
What have you to say, sir, in defence of your con-
duct ?" Prisoner—" In defince Och, faith ! (with the
utmost indifference,) I was jist walken alang the sthreet,
and I cum up to him,—dhat gintleman d. here,—and I jist
give him a punch, and trath, down he wint !" The Mayor
—" Indeed ! But we do not suffer gentlemen to be
knocked down in the streets here. You are fined 405., and,
in default of payment, you must go to the House of Cor-
rection for one month."—Liverpool Albion.
