PRENCII PAPERS.
Wroth Ma Pidote of Sunday.)

PARIS, MARat sb.-13y virtue of an Onion.
nonce bf the 10th of February, 184, signed by
Ferdinand 1., King of Naples, and confirmed by
Francis H., tjte present King, which authorises
the Nobles who possess landed estates to divide
them among the creditors who have legally
proved themselves such, the Princess Colonna Of
Sicily has just distributed among her creditors all
her feudal possessions. The Journal of the Two
Sicilies adds, that all thtt Sicilians were rejoiced'
at this Royal benefit, which will restore to corn•
merce fertile lands, which the Imcient feudal sys•
tern had withdrawn from it.
Accounts from Madrid say, that the decree for
tho recall of the Grandees of Spain, and other
powerful persons, who are In foreign countries in
a state or was going to'he signed, but means
have been found to cause this measure to he re.
jetted. It is added, that search is making for a
celebrated Revolutionist, formerly a Member of
the (fortes, 'l/4s ho has gdt into Madrid.

CIIAMBER OF T)EPIITIES.
TitE. TRADE.--T 111: Gltr.Elol.
:MARen 25.—A petition from the iNterchalltS of
Paris and Havre, requiring that severer laws should be ea.
acted to repress the Slave Trade, gave rise to a discussion of

considerable interest. The Petitioners alleged, that the Slave
Trade is continued with increasing activity under the French
flag, and thrt the laws have only added to its barbarity. To
escape them, 3or 400 are now stowed in a space that was for.

metly regarded nH haillly sufficient roe a fourth or this numbet,

The treatment which ensues is horrible ; and, said the Pet

tleners, " the Slave Trade vet4sela throw overboard annually

three thonsaml negroes." The Reporter on the petition stated,

that he believed the Petitioners exaggerated ; but he admit.
ted that the traffic WWI extensively carried on. The Govern-
ment take active measures to prevent It; Nessels at all objects
Of suspicion are closely watched, and men-of-war cruise off Cuba
to capture vessels engaged lAN* trade. They are not allowed
to leave the ports of France. In conclusion, it was proposed
to remit the Petition to the President of the Council, in order
to the establishing of measures which should completely put an
end to the trade,
On this motion, General SEUASTIANC said, that a law forbad
this trade, which France had contracted a solemn engagement

to repress. Either the law was: insufficient, and Ministers cul
'Able for not procuring a better law ; or it was sufficient, an
they were culpable for not executing it, Vessels employed in
• the slave trade enjoyed a scandalous impunity, more than 30
such vessels having left the port of' Nantes this year. By con-
tinuing the importation of slaves, the white inhabitants of the
Antilles were exposed to danger; for at the first commotion,
all theettielanda would form pluck republics. But whereVer
slavery existed, the 31inistry lent it their support. To the
Negro Slave Trnde they added n trade in White sieves ["°Now
for the Greeks," exclaimed a voice!. The French Ministry,
continued M. Sebamtiani, recruit officers 'for the Paella of Egypt
Tinder their auspices, they set sail to enrol themselves under
Altismulmen banners. Their policy is .false, anti their send.
manes perverted.—(Murrintrs.)
M..de Vir.t.rete observed, that the previous speaker had
pointed out no means of remedying the evil. complained of, and
that he had limited his observations to stating some in,rreet
'facts, and to declaiming ug.tinst the Ministry. The precautions
to prevent the Slave Trade were as great as freedom of come
mem would allow. Vessels carrying on this trade have been
iaurottied in foreign ports, and at present the Court of Cessation
had to decide if those who left France, and took refuge in ether
tountriee, could be prosecuted there. To add fresh severity to
the law would only make those engaged in, the trade take still
more inhuman precautions than at present. The difficulty con.
elated in applying the law, and preventing the trade, and to this
object the .111inietere had directed their attention. lie concluded
this part of the subject by exhorting the Chamber to believe that
the Minietry had acted correctly; and to hope that every year
would see the number_ of complaintediminish. lie then pro-
ceeded to another question.. He foresaw, he said, that an at.
tempt would be made to correct the Slave Traria With what had
-been called the Trade In 'White Slaves. Wherever it had been
said Slavery existed, the French Ministry lent it their support.
The following Official Report, sent by the Commander of the
French station In the levant, would thew if this were the case.
The Minister rend the doeument, while the Nisembly listened
Frith profound.silenee
" Nov. ti, 1023.—The Turkish fleet, consisting of 134 sail,

upwards of 80 being vessels of war, arrived on November 3d,
under Cape Matapan, without meeting with the Greeks.—
Among the transports with the fleet, 3 are Tuscan yessels, tl
Austrian, 7 English, 3 Sardinian, Spanish, I American, and
nut a single French vessel [approbation], which is a satisfac-
tory refutation of those journale which protentl that the French
ships are worse than,the Austrian. These Journals would pro.
hably. blush if they knew whose voice they echoed in these
calumnies. During my last residence at Napoli, the Greeks
begged of me to procure the release' of some women and 0111-
st/en who had been taken by the soldiers of Ibrahim
The corvette La Diane Was at Modon, and on my request lb.
raiffin gave up to' Copt. Rouloy all the women slaves within his
. reach, and whom. he purchased of hie own soldiers. f sent these
families to Napoli. (Signed) "Rion ."
Another letter, dated September 23, denied and refuted an
assertion made in the journal &Hydra, that the French had
tired en the Week Admiral Cantais. A communication, dated
• Dec, 20, Itl2Cr, was as follows To all these calumnies the
Ministers may and will reply, that since the commencement of
the Greek contest, the vessels of his Majesty have served as an
folhirti for upwards of 7,000 Greeks, men, women, and
chll-
dren ; that they still daily come on board, and that the Officers
Of, the Navy, without being anxious to see their names on a
.Sabstription i,ist, have rendered to humenity, It; the persons
of the Greeks, servicdequivalent to many subscriptions, and
which have attained their immediate and wished-for object;
that the vessels of ins Mlesty have never transported either
troops or money Into the Urea for tho Turks • and that in
all their expeditions the flag of every nation has Len seen ex.
cape that of France."—Dlravo !I.—The Minister concluded
by raying, there was no reason w reproach the Government
with what 110 had to suffer under; and that the Govern-
ment had, both in regard to the Slave Trade and to the Greeks
acted with scrupulous fidelity, in both cases it lied been
',salons!! seconded !iv its officers, particularly by Viet. Admiral
flaigan and Admiral Rigny.
ii::NJAst. Costs.rotT observed, that It was impos.
if the punishment or death were to be inflicted on those
tR~-tl in the Slave Trade, it could make them commit greater
enormities than throwing human beings into the sea. The
puseet ponishinent of confiscation, he contended, was Made-
. quote for one suceessful voyage compensated for the loss of
voods. As to the other question, he said it was noto-
rious that reeroits for the Pacha of Egypt were openly levied in
Vrance, and that the Ministers preserved their rank to those
officers who. entered into his service. He was willing to W-
T. nova-that French vessels had been with the TurkiSh fleet,
ttw.weraHthere no French officers ? Were there not French
‘o4'4,4l4ol'ittnat4 tbs wand of Missolonglii, and wore they not.
