RESOLUTIONS-SLAVERY.

1. That it is expedient, with a view to carry into effect the
intentions of the Act of 1833, that there should be such a
distribution of the work and labour of the indentured ap-
prentices as shalt leave them the half of every Friday to them-
selves for working in their provision grounds, and the whole
of every Saturday for attending the market.
2. That it is expedient to declare all apprentices who at
present are registered as non-prredial still non-prtedial on the
Ist day of August, 1838, notwithstanding any agreement be-
tween them aid their masters, or any change of employment
which they may have undergone, or may hereafter undergo,
since the time of their registration.
3. That all questions which may arise between apprentices
and masters respecting their rights, after the lit day of Au.
gust, 1838, shall be decided by the stipendiary Magistrate of
the district where the parly complaining resides, without any
appeal or other proceeding whatever.
4. That no female apprentice shall on any pretence be
flogged or otherwise punished by any infliction upon her per-
son ; and that if any such punishment shall be inflicted, or if
any punishment shall be inflicted which is found to have been
wrongfully inflicted by the authority of the master, such ap-
paentice shall be immediately declared free from her appren-
ticeship; and that all complaints of such female apprentice,
touching any punishment, shall be heard by the stipendiary
Magistrate of tite district alone, and decided on by him with-
out appeal.
5. That it is expedient to vest in the Governors of the sc-
yeral. Colonies, the power of making such regulations respect-
ing the gaols and respecting the police of the several Colonies
as they shall think lit, the same to have the force of laws
until disallowed by her Majesty's Government; and that
copies of the la= sttll be transmitted forthwith to her Ma-
jesty's Government.
6. That it is expedient that the period of pradial appren-
tipAip in all the Colonies should cease and determine on the
Ist day firelugust, 1838, and that until such time the fore-
going regglationa p,44bt to be everywhere observed and en-
forced by law,

That France will cordially co-operate with England in
putting !In end to the Slave traffic is certain ; but no re-
liance can be placed on the professed zeal of the Govern-
ments of Opein and Portugal to effect such an object. On
the contrary, it l 4 notorious that within the last twelve
months several starers h4vo been fitted up in the Tagus,
under the eye of the Government t and that when com-
plaints were made a sham search was made, a false report
return d, and care taken to apprise the suspicious-looking
craft of their dowager, time enough to allow them
to get out of the way, i i to avoid future
misunderstandings it may be as well to etttort a pp-opera-
tion wirgch has been repeatedly purchased, and cannot.
under any eirciawstitnees be refused. We are not so Ilans
guine as to expect the co-operation of the United States
Government in the suppression of slarg7 abroad, distracted
as it it present by the question of slavery at home,
Let those who differ from us on this point take the
trouble to peruse the tottowing resolutions which were de-
bateti
.congress on the 28th of Deaerobpr jag, and which
were warmly supported by some of the niest distinufsbed
Senators in the United gt4tes
Resolved, That domestic slavery, as it exists in the Southern •
and 'e tern States of this Union, composes an import wilt
or their tiOrga;lic institutions, inherited from their an-
cestors, and ea1.i.:44 At the adoption of the Constitution,
by tNhich it is recogniied as constituting an essential
elewnt in the distribution powers among the
States; iin,4 that no change of opinion, 4r feeling, on the
part of the ottior, fates of the Union in relation to it, Can jus-
tify them or their eitim.s in open and systerncie attacks there,
on, with the view to its overthrow ; and that all such attacks
are iH manifest violation of the mutual and solemn pledge to
protect azki defend each other, given by the States, respec-
tively, on entor;s4 into the constitutional compact which
formed the Union, era its such is a manifest breach of faith,
aced A violation of the most ia/emn obligations, moral and
Resolved, That the intermeddlin,g of any iiitata
or States,
or their citizens, to aboligh slavery in this district, or ally of
the territories, on the git. 444 or under the pretext, that it
is immoral or sinful ; or the psteegp pf any act or measure of
Congress, with that view, would be a ..i.;.42,ct And dangerous
attack on the institutions of all the slaveholding
Resolved, That the uni-sr of these States rests on at.
equality of rights and advantJges mi#ong its members ; and
that whateverde,stroys that equality, tess.4 to destroy the
Union itself; and diet it is the solemn duty of ad, iind wore
especially of this body, which represents the States in ti&eir
' corporaw rapacity, to resist all ettampts to discriminate
between the }Mates, in extending
die Jign.plits of the
Government to tile 4,4Teral portions of the Union; P. 04 that
to refuse to extend to tins gcqthersi and Western States
any advontage which would tend to iitrengthen or to render
them more uctire, or increase their or popula-
tion by the annotation of new territory
or moat aStates,
' oil the assumption, or tinder the pretext, that the in.
' stitutiou of slavery, as it exists tinning them, i 3 immoral or
sinful, or otherwise obnoxiou7, would Ira contrary to that
equality of rights stud advantages which the Constitution was
intended to secure alike ta all the members of the Union, and
would, in effect, disfranchise the elaveholding States, with-
holding
ithferourstr, o
tltret,n6re Government.the advantages, while it subjected them to

Madrid Journals of the llth inst., with letters from
Bayonne of the 14th, have reached us this morning. Itc-
ports were received by the Madrid Cabinet, from the pro-
‘incial authorities, stating that in consequence of the nu-
merous outrages committed in various districts, it was
found necessary to proclaim martial law in Seville, Cor-
dova, Cadiz, and Huelva. On the sth inst. the Christinos,
under the command of GeLeral L AURENO SANz, Brigadier
PARDINOS, and Colonel URBINO, fell in with the united bands
of BAAILIO, TOLLADA, and PALILLos, near Übeda, when
the rebels were defeated, with the loss of many killed and
wounded and 483 prisoners, including twelve Carlist officers
and a Chief of distinction.

On the Bth inst. the Deputies agreed to the
Bill for the
tr._:w levy of 40,000 men, which was sent immediately to
the Senate. The newly elected Deputies for Madrid had
taken their seats, but the subjects under discussion were of
no political interest to fore'gners.
The Pharc de Bayonne has published a diplomatic note
addressed to the Spanish Government by the English and
French Ambassadors at the Court of Spain, recommending
a meeting of Commissioners at Paris, who are to invite the
Great Northern Powers to concur with them in a scheme
for the pacification of the Peninsula. Before we offer any
observation upon this document we must ascertain whether
it be or be not auth ntic.

Ativices from Constantinople of the 27tli ult., have
been received, they are confined to the annunciation of
two events a hick have caused some stir in that capital—
namely, the death of the SULTAN'S youngest son on the
24th, and the firing upon three English vessels by a
t
Russian Brig, in the waters of the Porte. As this out-
rage
diplomatic
has been praoteasteads
itamgaainysiteabd to importantC apai
y
the of the
explanations,Englishvesseltsve n
copy the following account of it from the
private correspondence of the Morning, Post
CONSTANTINOPLE, JAN. 25.—0 n Sunday last several ves-
sels arrived from the southward the first two were the
schooners PAantom, of and from Liverpool, Captain Samuel
Saunders ; and the Corsair, Corsair
W. B. Coming, from
Liverpool and Syra. The Cor.vair and. Phantom left Syra
fi toether, a few hours after a Russian bug-of-war, and when
these' two vessels approached the entrance to the Dardanelles,
on the sth inst., the same brig was seen at anchor, just
after daylight, off Cape Janissary (Asia). In passing her
at the distance of two miles, the schooner showed their
colours, and then anchored off Capo Greco (Europe), The
Russian brj shortly afterwards got under weigh, and
brought up close (*.the schooners, on board of each of which
an English ensign was kept 4)iliz for several hours. In the
afternoon the Mig-of-war again got uneei wsjghl followed by
the schooners. The latter anchored at nine, p!at., to
Cliffs, having passed the Russian brig ashore. 'The Al
schooner, of .oatii,mowli. Captain Stone, was also at White
Cliffs. On the 6th a lig4P fair breeze sprang up, and
the three schooners weighed togetiler. ri i 43 wind how-
ever, failed them before they proceeded mini" cables'
