FACTORY BILL.

Mr. HARDY presented a petition from Colverly, ani
another place in York4hire, in favour of the Factory Bill,

NEGRO SLAVERY.

Mr. HARDY then presented petitions in favour of
ti:e immediate abolition of slavery from the following
places in Yorkshire Farley. Bowling Hill,
Randen, Sutton, ' and Bradford The Honourable
Member also presented a petition fr,,m Bradford.
in favour of a better observance of the Sabbath. Also, a
petition from the tutor and students 01 the Baptist Insti-
tution, at Horton, complaining of the grievances they suf-
fered as Di.tsen,ers.

Mr. ENVART presented a petition from the Unitarian
Protestant Dissenters of Liverpool, in favour of removing
the restrictions and disabilities on the Jews. Also, a pe-
tition from the same place, numerously signed, against
the system of military flog,ling.
Captain ELLIOTT presented several petitions for the
speedy and entire abolition of slavery ; also, fourteen peti-
tions in favour of a better observance of the Sabbath. He
bad received them, however, before the Bill brought in on
that subject had been printed, or known throughout the
country.
. _

111 r. HALFORD presented petitions from Staley,
from the parish of St. Nichola.,, and from 'livens' aw,
Derby's! ire, attributing the demoral z.tion of the peop.e
to the increase of public houses and bfrer-shops, over
which the 111,:gistrares had little or no control, and praying
for a ()ever observance of the Sabbath.

Sir F. BLAKE presented pet,tions from the second
United Associate Congregation of Berwick .on-Tweed, and
fr,m the Methodist's of the same place, praying for the
speedy anti entire aboliti,oi of Negro slavery.
Mr. J. C. DUNDAS presented a petition from Rich-
mond, in the county of York, complaining of corporation
abuses, and orlying for a reform in that burgh.
Mr. BARCLAY presented a petition from Cheltenham
in favour of a legislative re,;ulation of the hours of infant
labour in factories.

Mr. HURST presented a petition from Horsham pray-
ing for the ,bolition of slavery.
Mr. H AWES presented a petition from the Borough of
Lam! eth, signed by 5,000 persons, praying for the re-
moval of all civil disabiliies at present existing upon the
Jews. The Hon. Member would take this opportunity
of correcting a misstatement that had been made on a
former dry respecting the Jews, by an Honourable
Meinber not now in his place. He stated that
the Jews were n..t educated,—that they were not
brought up to any trade or calling, and that they
were altogether an useless set of persons. Now
he hell in his hand a copy of' a return respecting the
Jews, made under an order is ued by Boon •parte, (the
only return, he believed, that had ever been made of this
sort) by which it appeared there were then in
France 1232 Jew land proprietors, 797 in the
military department, 220 manufacturers, and 250
artisans. This gave a complete contradiction to ate state-
ment referred to ; and when it was recollected that the
b inking system of this country was entirely owing to the
Jewish people, he (Mr. Hawes) hoped that when the
question of emancipation was brought forward, complete
justice would be done to them by this great commercial
country.

Mr. STAVELY presented two petitions from the Me-
thodists of Grantley, and one from the inhabitants of Ripon,
in Yot kshire, praying for the abolition of Colonial Slavery,
with the prayer of which he cordially concurred.
Mr. SHEPHERD presented a petition from Frome, and
petitions from various parishes in Soinersetshire, praying
for the entire abolition of slavery.
Sir W. CLAYTON presented a petition from the
inhabitants of Sunderland against slavery.
Mr. F. PALMER presented a pe•ition signed by forty
retail ale brewers i❑ Reading, Berkshire, praying for the
protection of the L gislature. The petition prayed that
due regard might be paid to the property involved in their
trade, and that they might be assimil ited to the old esta-
blished public houses. The houses allowed to sell beer only
were obliged to close at ten o'clock at night, under a heavy
penalty, whereas those houses that sold spirits and other
liquors kept open till eleven or later, and which the peti-
tioners complained very much of. They also stated that
unless their case was duly considered, there would be a
vast sacrifice of propetty. It had been likewise mis.
stated that these houses were not under the control of the
magistrates. Nothing could be more erroneous than this ;
because even one magistrate had the power at any time,
upon a proper case being made out before him, to suspend
the license of any such house or keeper of it for 3 months.
Colonel LYGON presented a petition, from Bewd!ey,
in favour of an amendment of the Beer Bill.

Mr. R. TREVOR presented a petition from the town
and neighbourhood of Montgomery, in favour of the better
observance of the Sabbath.

Mr. OSWALD presented petitions, praying that some
relief might be extended to the hand loom weavers, from
15 different parishes of Ayrshire. He was glad to under-
stand that his Majesty's Government had turned their at-
tention to the subject, and hoped that something would be
d ine to relieve the distresses of this deserving part of the
community.
Mr. MAXWELL concurred in that sentiment.

Petition. laid upon the table.
Mr. OSWALD presented petitions from Stewartston
and Kiltnause, ageing the system of lay patronage at pre.
sent in operation in the church of Scotland.
Mr. MAXWELL presented a similar petition from
Busby ; also petitions from Pollockshavvs and Sawley, in
favour of relief for the handloom weavers; and a peti,ion
from the Presbytery of Hamilton, in favour of the better
observance of the Sahbath.

Mr. PHILPOTTS presented a pctition from the city
of Gloucester, in favour of the repeal of the house and
window tax; also petitions from Gloucester, Westbury,
Burwoorl, and other places in Gloucestershire, in favour
of the abolition of slavery.
Lord DALMENY presented petitions from Stirling,
praying for the better observance of the Sabbath, and
from Inverkeithing and Stirling, for the abolition of negro
slavery.
Sir R. FERGUSSON presented petitions from the
city of Londonderry, praying that prisoners under th e
Irish Coercion Act may be allowed Counsel ; from Patrick
Hallady, tobacco-manufacturer, of Londonderry, com
plaining of certain grievances relating to the grantint; of
licenses, and praying the House to investigate the case; from
the merchants, tiadesmen, and shipowners of the same city
stating that they heard, with the deepest regret, that
it was the intention of his Majesty's Government to
impose a duty on North American 'limber imported into
this empire, and stating that their city had increased four
fold within the last twenty years from their trade with
North America; also a petition from a parish in the
county of Tyrone against church seas.
Mr. THROGMORTON presented petitions from
Handley and Chiltern, praying for the immediate aboli-
tien of slavery.
Lord HOWICK presented a petition from the bur-
gesses of Altiwick, respecting the corporation of that bo-
rough,—Petition referred to the Corporation Committee.

DISSENTERS MARRIAGES.
Lord HOWICK presented, next, a petition from the
Protestant Dissenters of the Presbytery of Northumber-
land, praying that dissenting ministers may be pet mitted
to ptrfirm the mirria,ze ceremony according to the forms
of the Established Church.

ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Lord HOWICK then presented petitions from the
members of the United Secession Church of Alnwick,
and !tom the two other congregations assembling in that
n-ighbourhood, praying for the immediate and entire
01 Negro slavery.
