IM l'Eltl AI, PA RUA :11:,NT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, Dec. 13.
The Lawn/741A srei.t.on took hie teat on the Woole.tok
*Nerdy atter Five o'clock.

NEGRO SLAVERY.

Petition* against Negro Slavery were presented by tile
Fail of Shafitahury; the Earl of Essex, the Emil of Ilos4.
'yin), Lord King, Eail Grosvenor, and Lord Napier.
The Earl of SHAFTRSBUItY presented a petition
from Dorset, praying for the abolition of Duties on Sea.
borne Croat; a petition from 131 idport td the 61111 e
effect.

The Dike of NORFOLK- presented a petition of a 'al
mike nature from Arundel. -

The Doke of DEVONSHIRE Irresente4 a petition from
Derby, praying for a repeal of the Stamp Ditties on News-
papers.
The Duke of RICHMOND presented a petition from n
perish in Sussex, praying for a :loped of the Taxes and
Rsdieal Reform.

The Rad of RADNOR peocnted a like petition from
A rat

Lord GLENGALL presented a petition from a parish
is Tipperary. praying for a repeal of the Union.

ADMINISTRATION OF .IUSTICE AMENDMENT

RILL.

On the mutton, of Lnrd TENTERDEN this lUI Wt*
rad a 4hird time end posed.

RECENT APPOINTMENTS.

Earl GROSVENOR, who in great part of his speech
.was qeite inaudible, said, that in rising to make a tnotiots
pursuant to notice which he had given on Friday eveulog
last, he would take that opportunity (e* the adiournment
of the House was now near at hand) of submitting to their
Lordships a few observations relative to trensactions of
some importenee in the present state of th.country. Ile
thought it,eight to atate that he had bad. no.commonicae
tion on Owlet subjects with tiny members of bit Majesty's
Goverment. In the, motion which be rem about to sub-
snit, and in the opinions which induced him to make it,
he stood alone. In the various.papers which had tient
. laid on the tables of both !louses reeeecting the salaries
Poi emoluments of public officers, those ef the officers of
the Howe of Parliament had been emitted. Believing
that a great saving to the nation could be effected in the
salaries of those persons, he, thought it necessary, in the
first instanee, to ascertain formully what they ate. Ile
would not apply 14 a Committee on the subject, because
he had observed that the proceedings of Committees, how.
ever beneficial they might ultimately prove, are generally
too much protracted,. whereas he wished every possible
reduction of the public burthens to he effected without de,
lay. The Noble Earl, .after making come A 1111414 which
wo did not distinctly hear, to Committees which had re.
crafty been appointed, and among others to that obtained
by a Noble Marquis (Sslisbury) co the subject of the Poor
Laws, said that those laws, lewever defective, had worked
well, end that he had • no 00014 that the lalteurs of the
Committee, whatever delay might take place before they
were brought to a coneluitieu, would be attended by ad.
vantages ; although ,the fluty which be had to discharge
was tinplettsant, be: believed it would he useful. If the
boiled interest were not relieved from some part of the
berthene by which it wits borne down. it would be corn.
!doily destroyed ; and then, he woold ask, what other
Interest could lie. upl•e'd ? The monied interest would
melt into air— •
" And, like the baseless fabric of a Vision,
Leave not a wick behind,"
It was isitispensible to the wo flare of the country that the
landed interest uhnuld be maintained. Those who were
interested in. the land, being attached t(i the soil, art re
not fatly of necessity devoted to preserve the inqitutions
of the ...also, but were unable to evade their share of the
public hut them. But the moneyed interest wits compised
to a great extent of persons having no coonection with the
tiountiy--Jewit Gentiles, inhabitants of France, ot
Ruesia, of tiertueny, hi a Word, of every part of Europe
Asia, Africa, and America..Ulcer).who could at any
time withdraw their meney from the fund?, temp escape
from any shers'itt' the lon three of the country; or if
they should even be itilt•itiiiits of England, they might
lock up their money iu that fitments box, of Which so
snitch had been' said in the House on is former evening,
and shelter it from thasilaxes from which the landed in.
tsrest lied .no. means of titi.aping. lie voluted thtir Lord.
'ships that he' was intlo'etuied by no utifriendly feeling
the Noble flarl,'"to' whefethe deieriations be was about
to make had, tonne' reft4renee. • Their Lordships would,
remember that on a former, evening he (Earl tlenavenor)
had asked the Noble Earl, then President of the Gumcii,
whether the situation, fit Clerk of the Council which had
just then become vacant, was yet filled? and the,answei
of the Noble. Earl, that the race hail not been tilled,
was 'received by their Lordships with much mobilises
tion. •It was tionoidered to be the intention of the Goe
vermouth that the office 'should trot be filled, nod th it
ar.eaviag of 11,5001. a year would he effected to the
country.. He regretted to understand, however, that that
opportunity of retrenclunent had not been taken advun-
tap Of, and that the ton of the Noble Eatl (Bathurst)
had received the apietiotment, upon the application of the
Nettle Earl after he had ietired !titular from office. Ile.
(Earl Grosvenor) load also heard, and be wished to know
whither thastatuttent was Well founded, th it the late
Administration had obtained the grant of several pensions
after their actual resignation. it had been said that these
pensions, one of bt)01. and two of 2bol. a year each, were
appointed four dabs after the late Ministeis had announced
that they ottlY• held office until their summers should be
appointed...4We understood the Noble Earl then to make
some allusion to recent appointments given by the Noble
Earl now at the betel of .his Majesty's Government, in
tootle of persons closely connected with hinutaies.s•ln
reply to a question Which had been put on a late occasion
to the Noble Lord on the Woolsack, that Noble Lord had
stated his instil ty to say whether the present Lord Chan-
cellor of Ireland was to he removed from his. office, but
that if such removai'did take place. the country would not
be. vinbiverril to an additional expense by the pension of Sir
Anshan), Hart, as. retired Chancellor. 140 (Earl Gros-
voter) could not may how the saving was to be effected,
should. the change take place. Perhaps it was intended
(as he, had beard was the inteetion) to appoint the present
Chancellor to some other lucrative post, to the emolument
of which hie retiring peneion. might be merged. Now
there were in that House. at present two retired Chancel.
lora, receiving from the country very large pensions. It
oppeareil to him that respecting one of those Noble Lords,
oho bad lately, held the Seals, an arrangement similar to
that which was spoken of respecting the Isiah Chancellor
might be made with advantage to the country. The
Noble Esti, in conelosion, moved, " That there should be
laid before the House, a return of the Salaries and'EmO-
• lumina* of the ervdoet Clerki and 01111 ,is of both Houses
of Parlament, froin'the ist of .I.iniiary, 1829, to the let
of Jemmy, ; and of the routers from which the
various emolument, were derived."

The Alarquis of, I ANSDOWNR did not think it tie-
misery to oeitupy. the,.Heuse by following the Noble Earl
in detail through all the observation. which be (Mal
. Grosyraor) tot ovule. But he ohould answer one of the
, qutvione of the Nettle Earl, because he wee more CoMpe-
, teat tints any other Noble Lord to give eatisfection, both
respecting the filling up of the office to which Butt ques-
tion refeired, and the person who had been eppuinted to
it, inetioueh as the epouinttnent had rested with hint..—
.Whim be (the Marquis of Lenulowne) bed accepted hie
Mejrety'e eemnisruls to mitten:lke the duties 01, President
of the Council, he received" front his Nehle Piedeeemior
, ennirtntnicetisn to the effect that, on the I fith of the lest
month, when the office of (tittle to the Coupeil became
vacant, by the death of Mr. Beller, hie Mejesty had sig-
. stilled to him (Lord Bathurst) that it at his pleasure
that the piste slionld he lilted by 11lr. fiettitirat, to whims
hie Mojeetyla plerteure on that occasion was coromoni•
eeted. , When he fthe-Marquis of tervelowne) received
that foroisl coinuttitiiCition, he felt bound, whenever the
place should' be Ailed, to carry into effect the intentions of
his Majesty respecting Mr. !Whitt*, although no actual
arrangement had been mole respecting that gentleman by
'the late Mattel.. At the same time he felt hiniself also
at liberty to adviee. his Majesty to direct whatever reduc-
tion in the salary of that clerkship might seetneoneittent
with the proper discharge of the duties. In justice to
• the Noble Bart (Bathurst), he ought to inform their
Li-mishits, that the letter which ha received from that
Noble It trleqlsted the, 26th of November hot, stated
it to have hoes Ihs intention -of" his Majetty's late
sionfideutiel *eviller* to put the celery of the' clerk
to the Courted en- a lower rate then that at Whirl) it
hod beintertrierly Axed. On receipt of that letter he did
.atot,thiolr it nee sassy to eommunicate with .Mr. Bathurst
-tripestieg thcofftee Instil be should have considered tvhit
realaittion ehould be made in thst.salery, consistently with
• a destroyed to the public service, which he believed would
admit of It very considerable reduction. The bitsiorscof
Cotirwil rendered iayssatittitry that a clerk Should
etwisre be preweeleettutiog ltelihtinge and although the
.pressure. of, one chyle rusty was required, yet it was expe.
4464- LP PiWit either,, two clerks, cc to app tent a deputy
.1111104, tletermined to notice... the eateries of the two
WM, 0001041, yen, so thet the duties of both ;should
ha performed at es rester improve than that to which the
roootry was pot fur the *story of Mr. Buller Mimeo--
iletticisso it-;wao the intention of his Majesty's
Gorerottleittv wheneler. any person having already a se-
buy of 1,000,4 a year or upwards, should revive an ad.,
ditienisi appoint/IWO el, sits velue of 4ofll, annually, thr

allowanee should merge in the 1,b607. ; to that at Mr.
Reiburet held at present an office in the Exchequer, on
ocenent of widt•lt he received a lately ef 500/. a year, that
sum ettemitl he deducted from his new stipend tit 1.200/. a
year. By that arranger ent the actual saving effected its
the clerkship to the Council announced to 1,700/. Annu-
ally .; and it was likely that opportunities would arise
whit+ wou'd permit a still further reduction...(Heer.)
Having aneweted the question of the Ntiblto hail, he did
not think that the House would tltpect, him, on such a
motion as bad been sChinitted to their Lordships, to go
iota sill the tiq4es which the Noble Earl bad introduced.
On these subjects the most satisfactory explanations had
already been made to emir Lordships, which was that the
west unsparing retrenchment would be ea:tied into effect.
Retrenchment was alt eq:s the shay of his Majesty's Ge-
vernment, but in times like the present, to use a word
which be had Already letaird wiled ba the ►ame subject, it
was their pararnonnt duty. It was the detmnination oe
his Majesty's Ministers to cut off all useless expences, but
not to make a reduction, in consequence of which the
public service would he inadegtu effeOted.
The Duke of WELLINOVON said, that the delay in
the appointment to tin: vacant offices, before the resigna-
tion of the Itre Administration, had been occasioned by
their itrention to reduce theeslarice. With respect to the
teeently granted pensions, to which e enestion ef the
Noble Eael opposite had referentee, their Lordships were
aware that a cowiderebie elfin was always granted to hie
Majesty to enable hint to confer pensions upon those whp
were tlesetNing: true it was that the Civil List expired
t+.'it►t the King; and it was also true, that at the time of
the last demise of the Croa'n these was a considi rabic
number of vacancies in the ltst or pensioners. He rather
believed that the caner regular course would have been not
to have recOmmended his present Majesty to in tke any new
grams nut of the Civil List until thh Act should have
passed regulating its amoueet; but the custom unques-
tionably had been to retommend the filling up of vacancies
as they oceerrid, without regard, to the passing of the
Civil List Act. He bad followed the ordinary course, and
!:all continued it from the accession of hie Majesty to the
hour when he relinquished the Meals of office as First Lord
of the Treasury. The Noble Earl had said that he (th‘
Duke of Wellington) had come down to the nettle on the
16th Norm:l4r, had announced that he had resigned his
Ace, and that leis Majesty had been graciotesly pleased to
accept that resigeation ; but the Noble hart forgot to state
that he (the Duke of Wellington) had added that he had
agreed to retain tit; Situation until a successaor was ap•
pointed. He had in fact retained it until the Noble Earl
opposite, so worthily appointed, had relieved him in the
following week. In the mean time ha had recommended
to the King the grant of ceuttlt► pensions, and on the very
day when he had relinquished the Seeds lie had applied to
his Majesty oh the subject. For this course he felt that he
was responsible; if he had done wrong lee should deserve
censure for that wrongdoing; hut he begged to say, that he
woe firmly convinced that their Lordships would not think
he hail erred with regard to any of the pensions which he
had been the means of conceding. Two of them had been
granted to gentlemen she, for three years, had done him
the favour of acing as his private secretaries; and looking
at the history ,ef farmer Administrations, it would he seen
how amply such gentlemen had always been provided
for. They ought to be provided for, for this reaeon—
thet not a piper ef any description came into hie (the
lie ht of Wellington''•) hands, from soy office—and 14
had them from all officee.that did not, in some way or
other, pass through those of one of his secretaries. It
was nut fit, therefore; that individuals who possessed this
(titian' knowledge should remain without provision, He
welsh! tell their Lordehipr fairly, that having put down
and discontinued on the establishment every office of every
kind that heroine vacant while he wax First Lord of the
Treasury, and not having lestd—which he could assure the
Houle was the truth.•..al►ove two offices to give aveay,
and those tett amounting to 20(11. a year each, he heal nut
the means of providing for his Secretaries: he had, there.
fore, asked the favour of his Majesty to grant them 2601.
a year each nut of the Civil List. Another penalize had
been granted at his suggestion to It gentleman who had
been for many yenta in the public service, under different
Administrntione, anti As a vacancy occurred to that amount
(we understood his Grace to say 6001.), he hoped it,would
lie thought that it had not been improperly disposed of.
With respect to the last point noticed by the Noble Earl,
he (the Duke of Wellington) had felt himself bound, .if
possible, to make some provision for that Learned Lord.
who was . highly deserving, and who, lee btlievede had
given universal satisfaction. He had therefore reco►tt-
meneled him to his Majesty, and he had also recommended
another gentleman (es we understood kir Grace to say,
but be spoke iu a time of voice unusually inaudible) who
bad been taken into the service of late Majesty, and
raised to the dignity of a Privy Councillor, and fur'
whoa), he wits of opinion, that the King was in honour
bound to provide. Ile had beet; elevated above the
sphere from which lee Lad been taken, and to that he
could not return. In these various transactions lee hoped
their Lordships would think that be had done nothing im-
proper or inconsietent with the usual practice of office.

. . .
Earl GREY—Before he efferril the few remarks that
seemed to him necessary,, must observe upen the iticon-
venience of—what should he call them ?—conversationel
discussions when a motion was brought .forward by sur-
prise and without the usual and regular notice. Some
pert of what had fallen from his Noble Friend (Lord
Grosvenor) was founded merely upon rumours out of
Snort; while another part, he admitted, depended upon
facts within the knowledge of everybody. Not the least
inconvenient poram of the proceeding ws the manner in
which his Noble Friend Lad adverted to certain appoint-
ments, the subject of report and discussion whit the public,
while Ministers were required to make statements regard
in them, without the possibility of communicating full
information. Upon some of the general points he hardly
knew how to address their Lordships; that, for instance,
which related to the weight of taxation, could not.now
properly be debated, while the Noble Duke opposite (Wel-
lington) seemed to have afforded a satisfactory answer on
the particular matters that were addressed to him. The
Noble Duke bad explained his conduct, and upon that ex-
planation the question might perhaps be left. It was nut
his (Lord Grey's) intention to discuss the propriety of
those pensione; and, as to two of them, it did not seem
possible for him to urge any objection. The Noble Duke
had himself allowed, that it would have been more regular
not to have taken the pleasure of the King upon the sub-
ject until after the settlement of the Civil List had expired
hy the demise,of the Crown, he (Lord Grey) did not see
on what authority pensions could be granted out of a fund
which in fact did not exist. Throwing this out merely as
a matter of doubt, lie came to the legal appointments, also
introduced without autiec into discussion. As to one of
them, a Noble Earl on the cross-beneh (Lord Farnham)
had haired a question en a former night, which had been
answered by his.. Noble Friend on the Woolsack. Ile (Earl.
Grey) regretted th it he bad not been present, hut the
topic was introduced on a Wednesday, when nothing was
expected, and when, having been otherwise importantly,
engaged, be had certainly neglected bis first duty—that of
attending in his place in Parliament. . Oa that subject he
must now say a few words. It was well known that the
Lord Chancellor of England held snt only the firat legal
office in the kolgilotn, but that has filled also a high official
situation ; as long us he continued to hold that situation
he must necessarily he co»nectee, with the King's Govern-
ment, and it followed that on any change of Ministry the
Lord Chancellor must be clanged also. In Ireland it
was said that there was no't the same necessity fur the
legal and political connection In the person of the Lord.
Chancellor, and it was su posed that Sir Anthony Hart;
:whose merits he (Earl Grriy ) was the first to acknowledge,r
stood in the situation of laolding the Seals free fir01)1 any
political relationship to Vie Government. It could not,
however, be truly said that the Lord Chancellor of Ire-
land did not act in .a Ugh political as well as legal caps.
city, and -during the period that Sir Anthony Hart hail 1
tilled the office of Lrial Cbaneellor, he (Carl Grey) bad
seen his name to priielarnations arising out of the state of
irekuit the abject of which was to check disorders there.
This circumstance necessarily , connected him with the
bold Lieutenant. When he (Earl- Grey) came into the
situation in whi At he now unworthily stood, and looked
to the conditior4 of Ireland, and to the state of her Ge-
Yernineint, and; to the necessity of remedying existing
and etrenowligiged evils, it seemed to hint Hutt a clomgt.
in the °flier; of Lord Chancellor was required. He, did
lint mean to dispute the capacity of Sir Anthony Hart,,
oe his gr eat legal acquirements, but it struck him
that
~ it w as absolutely itolispensable, that the person
to, "s rtaatteeted with the, new Lotd Lieutenant as
sawn Claanceller, ought to be' a man upon whose
kimwledge and judgment he could place the moat erns:
h‘sitati'ig reliance. Looking round fur,strz individual
• "Nide, of affording such guidance, his eye' reefed
at Unr_p upon Lord Plunkett. First he thought that Lord
n
'i&iett was likely to conciliate the greatest number of
Pnititts, next he seemed pre-eminently qualified, not only
1 fr
'rom'A his high. legal acquirements, but from his general
ntlißties and long political experience; and, thirdly, he!
1 'as peculiarly eligible, because be had to long lived in!
1 I ,:eland, antl.was so well acquainted with her situation and'
',he feelings .. and interests of ' her varied itopulation.--,
! If he (Earl Grey) turned his eyes to the Roman Catholics;
'ha knew that 1,411 Plunkett, as the moat able and zealok
advocate of their cause, was entitled to their confidericti
and affection, while the Protestants could feel no Maras
1 lest their interests should lie neglected by an individual;

who, in all his exediens for the Roman Catholics, h4d
never lost eight of the security of the Protestant Church.
On the whole it appeered to hint that Lord Plunkett wee
entitled to the utmost confidence by itien of all parties lie
well as by the Government, atel that he was eminently
qualified to he the adviser of the Lord Lieutenant, Appeal-
eig to the Wirer whether this Was the fit time for ilk.
emoting such matters, he would all only, tl at, under all
the circumstances, lie bad thought it right to advise his
Ilajesty to giCe the Chaticellorehip of Ireland to Lind
Plunkett, without the elighteet desire to peoceeid with env
degree of harshness or Want of testieet to fir A. flat. It
had been Medea MattCr of complaint that by this arrange-
ment an additional pension of 4,000 L a year would be
added to the burdens of the country. He (Earl Grey)
regretted the necessity which bail led to the decision ;
but be asked their Lordship,' whether it would have
been wise economy in the Gevernment, with all anxiety
to relieve the country as much as possible, to have ab-
stained from such a beneficial comae fir the sake of
a few thousands a year? It was undeulstedly titte
that the retirement of Sir A. Hart weal occasion it
new annual pension of 4,0001. Irish, or ahout 3,6001
English; but it ought to he considered in whit
manner. and to what extent, the weight of this midi-
-timel burden hail been lessened. It was to be recollected
that Sir A. Hart was at a very advanced period of life,
end that the pension would probably only be field for a
comparatively short peeled; while, as a counterpoise, a
permanent reduction had been made in the salary of the
Lord Chancellor of Ireland to the extent of 2,000/. a year;
that salary had hitherto been 10,000/. a year, but in future
it would be only 8,000/. Thus the increase. was 3,6001. a
year on the life of an old man, and the decrease was
2,0001. in the salary of the Lord Chancellor of Ireland now
and fir ever. lie threw himself therefore, se ith confidence
on the feelings of the House and of the country, whether
this arrangement, properly considered, hullo/eel any die.
position on the part of the present Government to disregard
the distressev of the people at a time when all just economy
was undoubtedly so much required. He wee satisfied that
it would be very had economy, for the sake of a compare.
tively small saving, to avoid an arrangement which was
likely to render the Government of Ireland equal to all
contingencies. With regard to some of the other ap•
pointments in Ireland, it could hardly he said that they
were yet complete; but this he could say, that he
had not acted on his own judgment merely, but had I
consulted those beat qualified to give sound advice.—
He had been anxious to fill up the vacancies in the way
most likely to benefit the public service, and to remove
all grounds of Dispute and jealousy, either on the part of
the Protestants or Catholics. It bail been a grievous die-
appointment to him (Earl Grey) to find that some of the
appointments had been criticised in quakes where he
least expected it. A rumour had been noticed regarding
the saving tie ;petition of a Noble Person (Lord Lynd-
hurst), by placing him in a high legal situation. For that
Noble Person he hail the moat profound respe, t, and the
highest admiration ; he was eminently qualified for any
situation ; but with reference to that rumour, be could
state no more than that lie regretted, he could not con-
firm it. One or two words on a topic personal to
himself, which he should never willingly iutroduce,
and he had done. His Noble Friend (Eck Grosvenor)
had brought an accusation againse him, as if he
(Elul Grey) had been actuated by particular motives
of favouritism and family intereat,• to promote indivi-
duals to office who were connected with himself. His
Noble Friend hail acqnitted him of improper motives, and
of appointing disqualified individuals. Those appnint-
ments were not many, and perhaps the first to be noticed
wee that of a Noble Peer (Lord Durham), who by mar.
riage hail become a member of his (Earl Grey's) faiiiiiy.—
In forming the Government, he hail been i.uided not
merely by that Noble Lord's abilities, hut by the cowrie.
tem.), of his °pinkies and the excellence of his character.
--(Dear, hear.)—The office given to that Noble Lord it
could not be disputed that he was well qualified to fill.
The next individual to whose appointment he would refer,
was, if possible, still more nearly related—his own son.
He had certainly considered an official situation of the
kind an honourable object of ambition for a young man.
—(Hear, bear.) It did not teem at all unlit that be
should be placed in an office wlwre lie would have to go
through a large share of public business, and qualify him-
self hereafter fur more important dutice.—(llear, hear.)
By the kindness of his Noble Friend he lad placed his son
in the situation he occupied, and le believed be had chili.
ties for the satisfactory discharge of the duties that would
devolve upon him; it was distinctly understood between
him and his Noble Frieed, that if his son were not quali-
fied, or not diligent, he should be instantly ilischarged.
Tbeie were one or two other persons, more nr less re-
motely connected, to whom the remark of his Noble
Friend would also apply ; and as a general reply, be might
observe, that his absence front Ace for forty years did not
necessarily preclude him from naming connexions of his
own.--(Hear, hear.) He could assure their Lordships
with the utmost truth, and upon Ifs honour, that be bad
nut placed one individual in an official situation but under
a sincere conviction that they were eminently qualified for
the discharge of the ditties that would devolve upon them.
—(Hear, hear.) If anything could he fairly objected to
them, he was ready to submit to any consequence their
Lordships might think just. This he might say, that Ire
bad every reason to select proper persons, and he was not
likely to risk hie public character of forty years' growth
for the take of a trifling private advent ige. He had of
fired this frank explanation, end he trusted that their Lord-
ship* would consider it satisfactory.
The Earl of FARNHAM contended fur the propriety
of separating the political front the legal charscter of the
Lord Chancellor of Ireland. lie much doubted whether
the appoititment of Lord Plunkett would give the satisfac-
tion that was anticipeted. At this moment there was a
large body in the North of Ireland, W}11), sonic time since,
would have shed the last drop of their blood for the main-
tenunce of the connection between the two countries, and
who were now fast approximating to the opinions of those
who wished the Union to be dissolved. If the tiro par.
ties were allowed to combine their efforts, there was great
reason to fear that they would be successful.
Earl GREY agreed that to dissolve the Union would
not only be injurious, but deetroctive to Ireland, since it
would be neither more nor less than a total separation.
With this feeling he hoped their Lordships would give him
credit for what he considered the most effectual endeavours
to prevent that event. If the Noble Earl felt so touch
anxiety on the point, it was singular that he should tvw
language more calculated to infinite than to allay, lie
(Earl Grey) protested against the notion which the Noble
Earl seemed desirous to inculcate, that the present Govern-
ment was not disposed to maintain the Protestant interest in
Ireland; it could only arise out of the most erroneous mis-
conception of the principles of the preeent servants of the
Crown. In making the appointment of Lord Plunkett the
object bad been to conciliate and satisfy all parties and
all interests, end he trusted that the Protestants would feel
as much confidence as the Catholics.. Mint certainly the
peace and security of Ireland depended upon the preserva-
tion of that confidence. He did net mean to designate
Lord Plunkett as the :Minister of Ireland, but as the ad-
viser of the Lord Lieutenant. He was eorry, therefore,
to hear it held cuut that , this appointment would tend to
unite two oeposite parties, and to justify—or not indeed to
justify, but to account for—their supported approximation
against the Union. He (Earl Grey) nee, meet firmly and
warmly attached to the Protestant Church, and he Wits
most anxious to. uphold the Protestant interest it' Ireland,
and he hoped to be able to do so without depressing the
interest of the Homan Catholics. The Noble Earl had
referred to the appointment of Sir Anthony Hart, which
lie considered unconnected with politics ; but he was made
Lord Chencellur at a period of agitation, such when Lord
Plunkett was set aside in order to avoid the possible in-
crimes of that egit aim The Catholic Bill hedheen since
pass il, and a new species of agitation had ethe,,, which
lie hoped the appointment of Lord Plunkett would tend to
allay, He waa a men who had the good opinion of all
enableparties,
h hint andlis
ve n vigour,
vo e s ffec wbuht
abilities,tual aasnedisttenxcpeertieo thnee
Lieutenant of Ireland.

Viscount GODF.IIICII said that the appointment of Sir
Anthony Hart having originated whir hirn, he might offer
a few words in explanation of the motives which had in-
din.rd him to Dame him for the ()Mee of Lord- ,Chancellor
of Ireland. It muse exclusively from the view.he took,
or rather which Mr. Cloning, his predecessor, toolc,•
of
the extreme embarras.inent of Ireland by the non-settle-
ment of the Cahnlid question. He felt that this mode Of
disposing of the candid Lord Chancellor of Ire Lind would
afford some chance of mitigating the evil of the sy.tion.
Ile never dreamt of recommertling such •a COUr,i) as a per
Manila principle. Such being the case, it atretaterlto hi,
that the choice of Lord Plunkett was welt advised, and
would contribute more than any thing else to prevent it
measure which,
.as his Noble Friend had mild, would not
only be a separation but a total destruction of the ititeresta
of Ireland.

Lord GOSFOIID should regret extremely if it went
lie anttly believed
fo, th to Ireland that the pima Adminiitration was hostile
tt(l:atthtehtelrilT"obtlaentEttlearlt ihnisici:lllll4gLuts. would be its Irest
friends, and would unite the good wio.,eB of the
avec.
table of all elipsee.
Earl GIIosvENOR said a few words in explanation
of his reasons for introducing the uje,A, It had had this
beneficial rout', thmit had influceil his Noble Friend

(Tsui nr«,y) to give ft most satisfactory exp`anat'on ul on
points to which rutuouts out of doors applied.
The rtiotion wits thtn put and agreed to.
Adjourned at .a Quarter past Seven.

HOUSE OP COMMONS, Dm. 13.
EVESHAM ELECTION.

Mr. R. CLIVE brought up the 'Report of the Com-
mittee on this Election, which stated that the Committee
were of °Oulu!' that Sir C. Cockerell and Lord Kennedy
had by themselves nt their agents been guilty of bribery
and corruption. the Cotritnitter, therefore, declared that
the election of Sir Chas. Cockerell and Lord Kennedy was
unit and void. A new writ was therefore orderel for
the election of two new Members. The Report added,
that the Committee knowing the disp,vition of his Ma!
jesty'a pre,ent. Ministers on the' subject of bribery
and corruption, did not think it necessary to appoint any
ulterior line of proceeding, but generally to retommend
that the Report He printed, andttken into further consi-
deration on Thursday next.-70rdered..

Mr. BOLTON (LIVE then moved that a new writ
be issued for two Burgesses to serve in this present Par.
liament for the Borough of Evesham, in the room of those
teturned, their election having been declared void.
The Report of the Committee was ordered to be taken
into consideration on Thursday next.
An Hoer. Memo%it, whose name we could not 'Nem,
said, that having been on that Committee, he certainly
felt it to be his duty to move that a copy of the evidence
taken before it he laid upon the table of the House.
Mr. BOLTON CLIVE said, that as the great cause of
Reim m had been taken up by his Majesty's Government,
he should not further interfere, and he thought Hon.
Members ought to pause before they.took the affair out of
hands so well qualified to bring it to a happy issue. "
Lord GEORGE LENNOX, though a Reformer in a
Large way, ousted that the House would look into the mat.
ter, and trusted further that his Hon. Friend near him
would persevere in his motion. He put it to the House
whether such electors as those of Brenham ought to be al-
lowed to retain the franchise.

Another Mamma of the Committee also supported the
nsaioti, which was then agreed to.
Mr. PLANTA moved fir a new writ for the Borough
of Lostwithil, in the room of the Bight lion. Vesey
fitzgerald,who has accepted the Chiltern Hundreds.

Lord NUGENT took the oaths and his seat as Member
for Aylesbury.
An How. Mamma hrought in a Bill to enlarge an Act
of the 11th George IV., for nuking a canal from Loch
Corrib to the Bay of Galway.—Read a first time and
orderee'. to be printed.
A great number of petitions were presented, praying for
the abolition of negro slavery.
Mr. KENNEDY presented petitions from the Royal
13urgh of Ayr, from the Edinburgh Corporation of
Merchant*, from the city of Perth, and several other
places in Scotland, praying for Parliamentary Reform.
