other acts whatsoever of coercion towards Ireland ? Men of
England, will you be, even passively, Parties to any such acts ?
Men of England, will you not meet in your unions, in your
shires, in your towns, and in your parishes, and protest before the
world that you will not be parties to suspending in Ireland the
Habeas Corpus Act, that you will not be parties to neutralising
the trial by jury, that you will not be parties to declaring war
against thought, against opinion, by preventing a discussion of
the repeal of that Union which it has been proved has pauper-
ized the people of Ireland, without benefiting the people of
Engiand—that you will not be parties to keeping a Stanley-
Anglesea administration in Ireland—that you will not, in fine,
be parties to the destruction of every vestige of human liberty
in Ireland, and to making it a model school for military des-
potism— for if you do, the bayonets that will have butchered
us, may be afterwards be turned against British hearts, should
tyranny triumph here! Men of England, as we implore of
you to enter our sole,nn protest before the world against those
rumoured, or any other coercive measures for Ireland, we en.
treat your attention to the pretext under which additional powers
of coercing Ireland are sought. It is, that in Ireland there is
"a spirit of insubordination and revolution " We utterly deny
that there is in Ireland any revolutionary spirit more than there
is in England. That in part of two counties there is a spirit
of insubordination among the rural labourers or cottiers, and
that outrages have been committed in those counties we ad.
mit, and deeply deplore; but that want of employment, or
when employed, want of remunerative price for labour, is the
cause of which this spirit of insubordination and those out-
rages, are the effects, we boldly assert ; and also, that the same
cause has had similar effects, within the last two years, in
England—yet there no powers beyond the Constitution were
applied for in order to deal with the discontented—nay, more,
the landed proprietors in England removed, in a great many
instances, the cause of the English labourers' insubordination,
by increasing his wages, while in Ireland the same description
of labourers have not on an average 3d. per day—neither are
there any poor laws, out of which they can claim aid, to pre-
vent themselves and families from famishing in a land produc-
ing abundance, nor have they resident landed proprietors to
watch over and alleviate their sufferings, and prevent them
from being lured by emissaries from their enemies, who prac-
tise on their despair, into illegal associations, the existence of
which is afterwards made the pretext for coercion. England
has had her ()livers and her Castles! Irishmen are hourly be-
set with an "all-pervading host of spies, and political seducers.
Men of England, the existing laws in force in Ireland are
more than sufficient to put • down any partial insubordina-
tion that may exist. We have unremittingly denounced,
and shall continue to do so, illegal associations and outrages
against person or property ; and we offer the undivided in-
fluence of our Union (and that it is great, witness the re.
cent elections!) to put down such outrages and such illegal asso.
ciations, whenever and wherever they exist in this country :
but let not those partial evils be niade a pretert for universal
slavery in Ireland ! Men of England, look to your own in.
terests and honour, how they are neglected. While this
bye.battle, got up to hoodwink you, is going on about Ire-
land's insubordination, revolution, and coercion, what has
become of the questions- as to short Parliaments—vote by
ballot—for the extension of the franchise—currency--corn
laws—destruction of sinecures—reduction of salaries given
to official cormorants, and increased payment to the opera.
tive public servants, as well as to all other description of
operative—reduction of taxation, and though last, not least,
aid for the Poles against the Russian monster, who has floated
buoyantly in her blood and tears ! The Reform Bill in itself is
nothing if there be a coalition, a conspiracy of the two fac-
tions, Whigs and Tories, against the people, and that there is
you have strong reason to suspect from the speeches of Peel
and Wellington, and from the united votes of Whigs and
Tories against Ireland—
Men of England who inherit
Rights which cost their sires their blood ;
Men whose undegenerate spirit
Has been tried on land and flood.

The wolf is on the walk—be up and be watchful—if he be
allowed to saturate the green fields of Ireland with the gore of
human hearts, will the white cliffs of old England long remain
unstained ? At your bidding, all Ireland last year formed into
one political phalanx ready to join you in the fight for freedom.
Your united voices can now save us from the threatened anni-
hilation of what remains to us of British liberty. Will you
not raise your voices when the flowing of human blood—the
burning of human habitations—the breaking of mothers' and
of widows' hearts—the wailings of orphans—the violation of
female chastity—and all the other consequent horrors of a
civil war ?

You will, we know, we feel that you will, to avert those
evils, respond to the call of your brothers of the National
Trades' Political Union of Ireland—a Union modelled after
those political bodies in England, which have with such pow-
erful effect shot the electric fluid of freedom through the souls
of all British subjects, and which shall never be extinguished
in us but by death.

THE, WHIG GAGGING BILL-LETTER

FROM MR. O'CONNELL.

(From the Dublin Morning Register of Saturday.)
The subjoined letter from mr. O'Connell was received in town
yesterday : - .

" London, Feb. 20, )833.

MS• DEAR FRIEND,—What is the use in writing to'you ; of
what value is it to detail the horrible, the atrocious, the sangui-
nary plans of the base Whigs? Never was there an instance in
history of such vile, such bas 2 ingratitude, as the people of Ire.
land are treated with by that party. We—in fact we, carried
the Reform Bill, and they reward us with dreary dungeons and
felon transportation.
My heart is weary—my blood boils, and all my soul is filled
with disgust and indignation.

I expect, alas, little support from the British Reformers.
There is this one, and only this one, consolation, that no man,
hereafter, will dare to assert that a domestic legislation is not
absolutely necessary for the protection of the people of Ireland.
It ha,, I own, convir• .d me, beyond the powers of argument,
that the ignorance of Ireland, which pervades this c untry,
renders
‘the 'repeal of the Union inevitable. It may be postponed
by the proposed barbaric enactments, but its attainment, a little
later, is rendered only the more certain.
I have been greatly misstated in the London papers ; I have
been made to say things I never said—and, in particular, to say,
without qualification, many things which I put merely as a sup-
position, or surrounded by many qualifications.
I want the Volunteers to work whilst they can do it.

Ist. Make every exertion to put an end to the Whitefeet
crimes; they are, I see, confined to few, very few, counties.
I should hope that one simult menus exertion of the Catholic
clergy, and influential laity, would either put an end to them,
or trace them out to the instigation of persons connected with
the police, and with the underlings of Government.
2d. I want as many petitions as possible, stating police op-
pressions or outrages; and also stating, a d offering to prove,
the perfect tranquillity of the district from which each petition
emanates.

3d. Keep every part of the country quiet • let there be no vio-
lence—no tumult—no breach of the law. Let us, in short, take
away all excuse from the enemies of Ireland.
The indecent haste with which the Bill is pressed forward, is
another feature of cruel oppression ; it actually would deprive
us of the power of defence, if the Irish Members were not de-
termined—at least a sufficient number of them—to avail them-
selves of all practical means to have the sense of the country
constitutionally expressed, before despotism can become law
You will be glad to see that Lord Cloncurry gave some oppo-
sition to the measure in the Lords last night—every other Irish
Lord acquiesced, either by his silence in the House, or his ab-
sence from his duty.
. . .

The Grand Jury Bill will turn out very inefficient; it wants
the only true principle—representation.

. .
Beliveine to be, yours, very truly,N
Edward Dwyer, E,q. DANIEL O'CONELL.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

SIR,—In the Literary Gazette of to-day I perceive the
Editor pretends to give an elevation of the building of the Na-
tional Gallery, which elevation bears about as much resem-
blance to the design as St. Martin's to St. Paul's; and which,
imperfect as it is, has been surreptitiously obtained.
The remarks accompanying this libellous representation are
for the most part wholly untrue. Mr. Jerdan, about a fortnight
ago, asked me for an elevation for the purpose of inserting it in
his paper, which I refused, principally because in a journal pro-
fessedly devoted to Literature and the Arts, no allusion to the
intention of constructing such an edifice has hitherto been
made, and I would not consent to give the advantage (if it be
any) of making public the design, to one who had so studiously
avoided all mention of the subject. This refusal will be suffi-
cient to account for the animosity displayed in the accompany-
ing description, which, as I have already stated, is as incorrect
as it can be. WILLIAM WILKIN.

Weymouth.street, Feb. 23, 1833.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. (THIS DAY.)

FROM LLOYD'S.

DEAL, FEB. 24.—Wind S. E., fresh.—Arrived from the
river, and sailed, the Lowther Castle, for St. Helena, Bombay,
and China.

PORTSMOUTH, FEB. 23 AND 24.—Wind S. E. to S. W.—
Arrived the Sophia, Barclay, from London.
PLYMOUTH, FEB. 22 AND 23.—Wind E. to E. S. E.—
Arrived the Falloden, Mould, from Mauritius, sailed the 11th
of Nov., and from Ascension the 2d ult.; and the Numa trans-
port, from Portsmouth. Sailed the Pero, Rutter, from the
Cape of Good Hope ; and his Majesty's ship Rover, for South
America.

FALMOUTH, FEB. 22 AND M.—Wind S.S.E. to E. S. E.,
fresh breezes and squally.—Arrived the Lusitania, Cook, from
Gibraltar; and the Zyphyr, Le Fevre, from Tarragona. Off
port, the Providence, De Parva, from Genoa. Feb. 22.—Sailed
his Majesty's ship Speedy, for. Lisbon ; 23d, the Brisero packet,
for St. Domingo, Jamaica, Mexico, and Havannah.
COWES, FEB. 24.—Arrived the Castlereagh, Cooper, from
London, towed in with damage and leaky, bound to Oporto.
DARTMOUTH, FEB. 23. —Arrived the George Cabot,
Ligon, from Cuba, with damage, and part of the cargo thrown
overboard.

Off St. Alban's Head the Andromache, Hunter, from
Charleston.

The Levin, of Dublin, is on shore near Milford, and scuttled.
The Auckland, from Dublin to Runcorn, is on shore near
Carnarvon, and must discharge.

The St. George, Taubman, from New York, put into Car-
narvon, with 3 feet water in her hold, loss of sails, &c.

The Little Mary, George, of Yarmouth, has put back to
Milford, very leaky, part of the cargo pumped up, with loss of
sails, &c., and must discharge.

The Eliza, of Cardigan, is sunk near Fishguard.
The Mary Ann, from St. Domingo to Liverpool, i on shore
at West Hoyle.

The Sarah, of Whitehaven, is totally wrecked near Douglas,
Isle of Man.

The Margaret, Venson, from Newport to Youghal, is on shore
near Bideford ; also the Delaballe, Giles, from Newport to Truro.
The Betsy, Roper, from Whitehaven, is wrecked near Dublin •
The Speedwell, from Newry to Bristol, is on shore near
Dublin.
