AVARIIICKSIIIRE ELECTION.

Many of the principal inhabitants of this town
having recommended the return to Parliament
our late worthy MeMbers, Du dale stratford D
dale, Esq; and Sir Charles Mordau:o7 meecliT
was called upon requisition to T. Attwoolls,
in order, by the vote of the requisitibuists,
• pass censure upon Sir Charles Mordanat ; the
ground uppn which they conceived him censura-
ble, was that in their opinion, he-did not suffi-
ciently exert himself in supporting their petition
respecting the Orders in Council.
It will no doubt be recollected that great dif-
ference of Opinion existed in this town respecting
the propriety of petitioning for the repeal of the
Orders in Council.; and diiubtless, where a diii:.
rence of opinion is, known to exist, it is the
bounden duty of 'a Member of Parliamens
tne-
turely to weigh both sides of the question) cud -
give his vote according to his conscionce ; such
we believe to be the general character of oLt
county members. It is in tithes like the present,
marked as theyare by a stron;-.; revolutionary !et:-
denev; which, under the pretext of a reformation%
wouldunsettle every exciting establishment, that
• the minds of stutesmen,must be judged of. Should
they having surveyed the well-chosen ground
on which the wisdom of our ancestors has by de,'
grees.placed the oorystitutiou of -which Re trmy
boast with pride end exultation:feel themselvei
not possesed. of suficient firmness of character
to resist a populir outcry, when raised by tUc-
tion:or equal to the distinguishing the true voice
of the people, then they should resign their posts,
and in justice,to the country give way to men a
stronger mindS. To manifest signs of weakness,
is, at all-times, to- encourage boldness of attz.,cl-,in -
ever contest, ,experience has taught us; tnat -
success. depends more on the perseverance of a
pal:ty,' than on' the mere chapter of numbers.
But we -may -glory in our Members, that they hove
neyer-bren the dupes of party,. nor the tools of
Ministers : enjoying the dignity of true patriots,
they have wisely conducted themselves, as the
'Representatives or. a large,'populuus, and loyal
county, ready to listen 'to their constituents, but
remembering that they are to' legfslate for the
whole country. •
'These remarks are drawn from us by. the reso-
lution of- the meeting alluded to, 'wherein the
principal ground of-complaint against Sir Charles
Mordaunt; was, his not becoming the tool of at
party.

- The meeting on Wednesday was attended by a
large party; the pincipal speaker ':was Mr. R.
Spooner ; and: as the Freeholders who approved
the conduct Of Sir Charles Mordaunt, were re-
quested hot to attend, the resolutions passed alm
most unanimously. We hope that gentlemen
will, in future, well consider for what purpoies:
a Town's Meeting should'be called, and not con-
ceive that they are. serving their country, when
they make long speeches, to catch the applause
of the multitude ; they should reflect that empty
vessels always make.the most noise. We believe
the conduct. of the gentlemen principally active
in procuring the last Town's Meeting, is unparal-
leled : a numerous body of people were assem-
bled, for the ostensible pirpose of declaring one
of the Representatives unworthy of the confidence
of tire Freeholders ; and•vet no one was proposed,
to till the situation ! It almost exceeds credibility,
that none of those who attended,'. should have
expressed,' their indignation, at such indecorous.
treatment. • Promises, indeed, were held out, that
an independent Gentleman would be presented at
WarWieli','"On the day of nomination ; but, mira-
bile when, the day arrived, no Candidate
could.he found ! Is it to be endured, that the in-
.
habitants of a town like Birmingham, are to have
their minds hara!,..sed, and their passions inflamed,
by idle or splenetic individuals ! violent assertions,
which cannot.be proved, thrown out against the
most respectable part of the community ! Every
generous principle in
,our. breasts forbids such a
thing. The town Must now. see who are its true
friends ; they will now judge between the noisy
and clamorous, NVI10• have- endeavoured to sow

dissension where it dwelt not . before, and the
truly worthy arid respectable part of the.conrinu-
pity, who, without noise and confusion, have
preserved, by. their-p:lent conduct, the peace of
the county. , ,!.

The ni-irination of Candidates took place orb
Saturdayaast; :•aud was attended by the most nu-
merous body of Freeholders ever asserkibled in the
County Hall at Warwick. The High Sheriff;
Samuel Peach, Esq. opened the business of the
meeting, after' which the Under Sheriff read the
requisition for calling ,a meeting of the Free-
holders to nominate two Knights to represent the
county.

ABRAHAM GRIMES, Esq. of Coton House, in a
speech evincing a complete knowledge of the im-
portance of the subject Which had called them to-
•gether, explained what he conceived .to,be the
qualifications for 4 Member of Parliament, and
proposed Sir Charles Mordaunt, and Dugdale
Stratford Dugdale, Esq. as their Representntives,
Sir.GRAY SEIP\NT.4I, in a short and elegant
speech, seconded the. motion.

RICHARD SPOGNEW, Esq. objected to the-nono-
nation, so fat as respected Sir Charles Mordannt,
and charged him with, in several instances, hav-
ing neglected hiS duty : he, instanced particularly
the East India IVionopoly, the New Mail Coach Act,
an:t theiOrders in Council..
DUGDALE returned thanks for the honour
conferred' upon him by three former elections ;
and 'requested the honour of being again elected.
Sir CHARLES MORDAUNT seemed in ill health,
and appeared much affected : he said that be felt
conscious he had at all times done his duty .
Mr. T. HADLEY came forward and stated, that
be:had frequently been deputed to wait upon the
Members, and always found Sir Charles. Mor-
daunt ready to render, every assistance in his
power, very assidocnis iu- his duties, particularly
in respect to the Iron Tax; in his application to.
the Government for' money for the distressed ma-
nufacturers ; for the Danish claims ; and'on many
other occasions.

The High Sheriff then observed, that the Can •
didates proposed were Sir Chazies Mordaunt and
Mr. Dugdale

Thanks were proposed by Mr. Grimes to the
High Sheriff, and the Meeting broke up.

LITA-TIAL or
MADEMOISELLE CDAIRON.

The following interesting- letter is given as a
genuine production of Mademoiselle E:A.A.IRON, the
celebrated French actress.

" Palk, Jan. 12, 1757.

"My youth,: and. the reception met with on:
the stage of the Opera. Theatri, and that of .the
Comedic Francoise, in the yefirl7,l3, procured me
much attention From a number of young fops and
o' voluptuaries.
• I was honoured likewise with the notice of
some gentlemen of good sense and politeness. Of
this number wss M. de 8-, a gentleman, who
was greatly struck ' by my figure and attractions.
He was the son of a Inerchant in Brittany was
about thirty years' of age," of good shape, and
"handsome person. He composed in verse .with
- great elegance. His air and.manner discOvered
that be had received the ?host finished eclucaion,•
and hack been accustomed to keep the best compa-
ny. The reserve timidity of his address mere
such, that his passion for me was only to be dis-
covered in-his eyes, and the respectfulness of /tis
behaviour. After he had attended me a cotisider-
able time behind the scenes, I admitted of his vi-
• sits at My own house, and gave him reason to be-
lieve he had inspired me With a mutual attachment.
Perceiving this, he waited with:patience till time
produced more tender sentiments in his, favour ;
and who can tell what Might have followed, had
not my prudence and curiosity suggested a number
of que.stions, his candour in replying to which en-
tirely-defeated his hopes. I discovered,, that, be-
ing ashamed of inheriting a fortune acquired by
trade, he had imprudently sold the estate bequeath-
ed hind by his father, in order to purchase- one
Which should entitle him -to r,:nk at 'Paris as a
Marquis,
" When a man is ashamed of his own condition
in life, he has.no cause, in my opinioh, tot be of-
fended with any, one who shall happen.to.despise
him. his temper was melancholic; and he was
much given to conceive aversions and hatred. In
his own opinion, he knew so much of theworld,
Clint bethought himself Obliged to' Ship and de-
s .ise all_mankind,, so that he wished (p lead a re,
cAise life, and had hOpes that he conll prevail. on
me to see, nu one but himself. This was a plan of
life by no ntehns agreeable to me. I was to be held
by a wreath of tlowers, but could not submit-to be
hound in an iron chain.

" From this interviews, which were
daily, became less and less frequent, and were in a
little time reduced to visits of-:eetemony• 1_ saw
the necessity, and I broke off the. connection, and
destroyed his hopes. • - ,
This indifference on my part brought on him
a3t of sickness. During his illness, I, chewed
n.in every murk of attention ; but my constant re-
fusal to fall into his 'scheme', of living prevented
his recovety., This poor young man had unfortu-
nately given his brother-in-law a general poWer
to act in his affairs, and he bad, received money
for him-, which hc detained as part o f his wife's
fortune.' ThiS proceeding reduced M. ile S-
to very r-reat distress, and be was under the ne-
cessity of accepting my oiler of the little money• I
Could assist him with to provide the necessary
•camforts during his illness.
When I think of the abject condition he was
brought under by this cruel treatment on the'part
of his sister's husband, 1 am distressed beyond
measure, and you must yourself, my dear Ilenry,,
fecl tht necessity of keeping it a secret from all
the world. I revere his memory, and would on
tip account abandon it to the cruel compassion of
mankind. It is the first time I ever revealed this
circumstance to any living creature; and kis from
_the great esteem I bear you that I now do it ; at
the same tinke-thatl beg you to observe the most
religions silence on the subject.
". After .some delay he was put, in possession of
his just right, but his health was never restored to
him. As Jr supposed my absence might be a bene-
fit, and tend to a recovery, -1 forbOre to Visit him ;
froM my ceasing to do so, I refusedto receive
aily letter that came from him. •

- 'd".l.'wo years and a half had elapsed from the
commencement of our acquaintance to the time
of his death„ In his last moments he had entreat-
ed me to see him once more, but my friends -per-
suaded me from it. - lie died, and had nobody
with him' when he drew his last breath but his
servants, and an elderly lady; who had lived with
him. for, some little time before.- He had apart-
.
molts at that time on. the Boulevards, near the
Chaussec Dantin, in one of the houses then lately
built on the spot.
" lived at that time with my mother in that
Rue de Bassi, near the Rue de Seine and ;St. Ger-,
rbains Abhuy. I was accustomed to give frequent
si=ppers -to my_ friends. My constant visitors were
the Keeper of the Privy Purse; some of the actors,
that-worthy friend Pipelet, ),Vhorn you recollect
with much rel,,tarci,• and. RoSely, bel6nging
Cie same theatre as I did,.a. young man of good
very promising, and of Ail excellent un-
destNading. • .
:Forty years ago these little 'sappers were
more *gay- than the entertainments,_magrilficent as
they are, of the present day.. At one .of my sup-
'Tiers, just as I had finished sinning an air which
had given. great satisfaction to .piiy guests, -and
which they expressed with rapturous applause, die
clock striking eleven .at the same time, we heard
the most doleful cry, continued for:a -length of
time, and with so inOurnful an emphasis, that the
whole company sat looking at each other with as-
tonishment. For my part,. fainted Awky, and it
was a full quarter of "an hour before I , could be
li;ought to life."

(To be continued.)

,A.111.4Y,----An Officer and some serjeants
, likvs,been very successful in recruiting .t Sierra
one. The have picked up about 300 men. •
The Sbmerset Regiment has received, orders to
the 'Cheshire and Gloucester RegiMent at
,Vartmoor Depot. ,
The following detachments Were embarked last
week at Portsmouth 200 of the 37th Regiment,
200 of the 77tb ditto; detachments of the 73d
92d ditto:

LONDON : Printed hy
At Sus OFFI:

'SLAVE TRADE.

SIXTH PEPORT OF Tilt AFRICAN rs'srfrunoN

(COntinned from our Paper of Yestlrday,).

BAHAMA ISLANDS, NEW PROVIDENCE

Catharine Richardson, a. feMale negro, of the
age of twenty years, or thereabouts,,‘ ;makes- oath,
" 'That she, .the deponent, -is a free born na-
tive of NeW York, as she has from her infancy uh.
derstood and" verily believes, and is the daughter Of
John and. Susan Richardson, free negroes, now or
Lately residing on Staten Island, in the state of
New, York, aforesaid'; and who, when the depo-
nent left New-York afore Said,
,were in the service
of Mr. James Butler,, a farmer on Staten Island
aforesaid : and the deponent fmtlier. makes oath,
that when a child, she was appenticed to a Mr.
' Gerard Smith, who resides at No. 16, Beaver-.
'street:, in-the city of New York aforesaid, in whose
family she lived 'five or six years ; after which she
was bound by her fifirer as apprentice to. Charles
Johnson, of the city of New York aforesaid, mas-
ter mariner, but for what term the deponent does
not know. And the deponent further makes. oath,
that she afterwards lived for abouteigh teen months
in the family of the said' Charles J'ohuson at New
York, about which time she was debauched by the
'said Charles' Johnson, who soon after brought her.
Clandestinel--i with him in a vessel underAiis com—
mand, called the Augusta, from. New York. to
Nassau, where this deponent arrived with the said'
Charles Johnson, about two-years ago': and, this
deponent further makes oath, that the said Chas.
Johnson soon after departed from the island of
New Providence, at which time he left this depo-
nent with Mrs. Elizabeth Yellowley„ a widow re-
siding in this town of Nassau, who the deponent
understands and, believes to be the sister -of the
said. Charles Johnson : and the deponent further
makes oath, that soon after the departure of the
said Charles Johnson, she perceived that she had
been entrapped-and kidnapped -; the deponent be-
ing informed by the said Elizabeth Yellowley, that
she, the deponent, was her slave, and that' she had
.kiven a negro man slave, named Dublin, to the.
said Charles Johnson, in exchange for :this depo-
nent, or to that ,effect : and the, deponent further
makes oath, that she has for some time past been„
and still- is, unlawfully detained and kept in a state
of slavery by the said:Elizabeth Yellowley, who is
in the habit of treating the deponent with great
severity, ' and has lately caused her to be whipped
at the common Jail twice : and farther,. that 'she,
the deponeht, has been brought up in the Chris-
tian faith ; that she is fully aware of the sacred
nature of an oath ; and that the deposition now
by her made is in all respects true, a andve set
forth and contained.

-
" CATHERINE X RICHARD:S9N."
mark.
Sworn to, this 27th of May, before me,
" PETER EpWARDs,

" Upon reading the foregoing affidavit, and
upon motion of the Attorney General, of counsel
for the plaintiff, it is ordered that William Martin,
Esq. one of the counsel and attornies ofhis Court,
be appointed, and he is hereby appointed, guar-
dian of the aforesaid Catharine Richardson, for
the purpose of prosecuting a suit in in forma
pauperis .to sry her right or claim to freedom.—
And it is-further ordered, that'the said Catharine
Richardson be forthwith committed to the custody
.of the keeper of the common jail of Nassau, there
to remain during the pendency of the suit about to'
be instituted. ,

POLICY..

(Signed) " PETER EDWARDS, 5.A.1.1,
" Dated this 27th day of May, 1811, at Chambers."

Abstract .of the Papers laid on the Table of the House of
Commons, in relation to -the Trial and Execution ofthe
Hon. Arthur Hodge, of Tortola, a Member of his Na.;,,esty's
Council for the Virgin Islands.

The facts sworn to in the different depositions,
which led to the apprehension and trial of, Mr.
Hodge, were in substance as follows :

I. In January, 1806, a slave named Welcome,
belonging to Mr. Hodge, was employed by him as
a hitnter, to go in quest of runaway slaves. After
hunting for four or five days, he returned home
unsuccessful ; in consequence of which, he,.was
laid down, by Hodg-e's order, and severely cart- -
whipped. He was immediately sent out to hunt a
second time, and in a few days again returned nil-
succ.esrful when, with his old wounds uncured,
he was. a second • time, by Hodge'S order, laid
down, and severely cart-whipped. Welcome was
immediately sent out hunting a third time ; and.
returned in a few
,days with. the same success as
before, he was again severely cart-whipped by
Hbdge's order, and- put in very heavy irons,wit%
a pudding on each leg, and a crook round his neck ;
and in the night Aime Ilsras confined in the bilboes
or stocks. He was at the stone time allowed little
or no food,. and :.consequenny became so weak,
that he could scarecly walk. In this condition, .
with. dreadful sores, occasioned by. his former
whippings, he was ordered to go to neighbour-
ing estate but being unable .to proceed, he fell
down on the road, and, being carried home, he
was again cart-whipped, and died in cousequence
the sainenight. •
2. Mr. Hodge having suspected two 'female
slaves, Margaret, his cook, and Else, a washer-
woinan, of a design to poiSOn Mrs. Hodge and his •
children, he poured a quantity of boiling . water
down their throats ; and having, after this, se-
ver' ely cart:-whipped them and chained them to-
gether, he sent them, in a state of entire naked-
ness, to work in the field. Both these slaves lan-
guished fora short time in'a miserable condition,
and then died. On. the day that Margaret died,
one of the deponents goinginto the kitchen, and
observing she was stupid, asked .her what was the
Matter;. oh which she pulled a handkerchief from:
her head, and sheaved two very severe wounrds,,
which, she said, Mr. Hodge bad given her. She
Soon after 'fell on her face, and, being carried to
the sick-fiouse;diedthat evening. Mr. Hodge had
been heard to say, that,he was resolved neither of
these women should live long.

.(To he continued.)

The 55th Regimetit is ordered from Newcastle
to •Ramsgate:

OM.AS WOOD, of N 0.85, Maiden,lanc, Covent-garden:. and Published by WILLIAM ,AR MI
!E, No. 112, Strand_ where4dverasements, Orders tor the Paper, 1-cialb tor the

,BOW-STKEI::II.-.----2111 information having been laid
at this Office, by Mr. Kennard, against a bnildin!,-
erected. by Mr., Soane, in -Lincoln's Inn-fields, in
cuusepiente-of a projection in the front of the said
building, extending '3 feet 6 inches beyond the
fronts of-the adjoining hOuses ; the cause Ira.• 2, trisd
before Mr. Reid, and Mr. flares.

::Mr. KENNARD produced one witness (from a
number whom he had gummoned, but who
attend) to prove that the projection was contrary
to the Act, not coming within. the exceptions -of
shop fronts, &c. which was admitted by Mr.
Const on the part of Mr. Soane: Ile.-contended,
that it this had been actually-a common nuisance,
that it would not be under the jurisdiction of the
Magistrates to order it to be pulled down, as they
had no power to enter on the freehold, property of
Mr. Simile., 'which extends (20 feet beyond the
said projection,) to the line of the foot pavement,
and is inclosed within an iron rciiling with gates.
Mr. Const then proceeded to state, that a common
nuisance must be that which deprives the- public
of some advantage, or puts them to scyne incon-
venience by obstructing their passage, incroach-
ing upon their path, (Tripping Water 'upon their
heads, &c. etc. which in this case could not be
complained ot, as, the public had no right to an-
proach within ninny yards of the building. Ile
further contended, that Mr. Soane had a right to
have brought his building close to the line Of the
.street, and the bounding of his freehold, and that
even then, the public could not have complained
of any loss or injury, but on the other hand, had
the houses to the right and left been deprived of
light or air,
,that would have been a cause of pri7
yate injury subject to an action at law.

Mr. WirnErtALL then stated, this being the
freehold property of Mr. Soave, he had undoubt"-•
edgy a Aight to use it as he pleased; provided it
was hot to the injury of the property adjoining,
that several of his neighbours had actually done
so, and brought their buildings to the line of the
street; as for instance, the tea-warehouse at the
east corner,. and Mr. Adams on the south side.—
He stated, that so far from Mr. Soane's busing
(of which he exhibited a model) being. an injury,
it was an ornament to the square, and he pro
duced models of two other buildings, namely, Mr.,
Pearce's, and, Surgeons' Hall,of far greater pro-
jection, the one which .had received the sanction
of the Magistratel 'upon a similar iinfnrmation
having been laid; and the other had-never been
complained of at all. He admitted that one illegal
act could not be brought as a precedent and sanc-
tion for the commission-of another, but he asked,
why this favour was shewn ? why this partiality ?
or rather, as a violation of the act had been suf-
fered in the former instances, namely, the-Sur-
geons' Hail, Mr. Pearce's, and several- which he-
described in the same sqUare, all built upon free-
hold - property, why is this complained of, which
is under the same circumstances of right, but very
considerably less in its dimensions ?

Mr. KENNARD bete- endeavoured to explain a
clause in the Act, 'which admitted the: open por
tiro at Surgeons' Hall, but not the building in
question ; he however failed in the attempt, and
the question was at once decided .by the Magis-
trates iu favour.ofMr.,Soane's right. •
The cause excited great anxiety and curiosity in
the minds of many professional men of eminence
who attended, and who seemed unanimously to
applaud the decision.

UNtoig-TIALL.7-,-Inforination having been given
to Goff, the officer, that a, vessel, containing a
large quantity of gunpowder, was moored along.
side, several other vessels, at Mann's Wharf Bank
side, contrary to 'the provisions of the Act, he, ac-
companied by two other officers, went to the wharf,
and just as 'they-arrived there, perceived the barge-
men, who had received information of their ap-
proach, endeavonrimg to get the vessel. out into
the stream, to effect which they cut adrift several
other vessels which were lying near them,. the
ofilc-ers took
,a boat and, followed them, and
boarded her, when they found she -was an open
decked vessel, belonging to. Guildford, and had:on
hoard a quantity of flour and bark, together with
120 barrels of gun-powder, each weighing 100 lbs.
and stowed in a very exposed situation; it alsO
appeared, that there-had recently been a fire on
bourd Under these- circumstances, the officers
seized the. vessel, and lodged an information
against Messrs. Tinkler and .Montford, of Chit-
worth, to whom the powder belonged. By the
provisions of theGtmpowder Act, it is enacted,
that vessels employed in conveying gunpowder up
and down the river shall have covered decks ; that
they shall take no other Commodity on board,
whilst they have powder ; that the powder shall
be covered with bides or a 'tarpaulin,, and
that the vessel, whilst the powder was .on .board,
should not approach any- wharf,
,or
,moor along-
:Side any other vessel, but in the stream'; and that
the non-Conforming to of these regylatins
should render the powder liable to seizure,. and
become forfeited to the seizer.--Mr. Motitford
yesterday appeared' before Mr. and
CH!Oh3ERS, and pleaded. guilty to the information,
imputing the blame. to the ignorance o; .negligence
of the bargeinen.--The powder, whic,h is worth
SOO/. was forfeited to the officers who seized it.

• The master of the Albatross yesterday attended
at Bow-street, from whence he went with Adkins
to the house of Correction, Cold-Bath-fields, in
order to •see• Fitzgerald, whom lie positively iden-
tified to he the sane man who was serving under
his command an board the said brig,- at Cadiz,
Lisbon, Gibraltar, and other places, from the
time of his entering at Portsmouth, in Janhary,
1811, in the name, of Alahoney, until 'its return
to this country on the Ist Allay last,i.vithout being
absent from the-vessel . one night, which clearly
establishes an rlibi, • the murders having' taken
place in DeCember last. It is therefore reason-
able':to suppose that the whole has .been caused
.by mental derangement, ' strong symptoms of
which he has shewn (luring' his confinement in
the House of Correction, and which is confirmed
by the opinion of Mr. Wertbb, the Surgeon at the
House of Correction, who :has constantly attended
hiin there.
