THE SUN, LONDON, FRIDAY, JUNE 24, 1536.

summer's campaign. He has already returned the
Grand Cross of the Order of San Fernando, presented
to him by the QUEEN, in consideration of
the victory of the sth of May. The Hon.
and Gallant Member for Westminster would have
acted more prudently had he taken the advice of his
friends here, who frequently sought to impress upon
him that CORDOVA was his enemy, not his friend—a

backstairs intriguer and fifth-rate diplomatist, not a
soldier. But having embarked in the cause of liberty
and the QUEEN, we cannot see in what way pique or

personal neglect would justify his desertion of the
Qv EEN' s standardbefere the subjugation of the Carlists.
We never expected that he would be well treated in
the end—we never looked for aught but ingratitude,
at the hands of the Spanish Government ; but that
had no weight with us, when the question at issue was
liberty
.or slavery—a Constitution grounded on prin-
ciples of human freedom—or the will of an ignorant

superstitious despot.
There is no domestic intelligence of any interest in
the French Papers.
PARIS, JUNE 21.—We are assured that M. Rayneval has
again pressed on cur Government the necessity of an inter-
vention. On the accession of M. Isturiz to the Ministry, the
French Ministry, it is added, applied to the Ambassador for a
statement of the situation of Spain. M. de Rayneval obeyed
these orders, and in a very detailed memorial, after giving a
complete account of the situation and the strength of the se-
veral parties, he is said to have demonstrated that the new
elections could not fail to produce a great majority contrary to
the system of M. Isturiz, and to have come to the conclusion
that before the end of the year the Queen's Government
would be overthrown by the violent party, unless France in-
tervened to put an end to the civil war, and to support the
Royal Statute.
JUNE 22.—Marshal Clausel has been invited to a conference
at the residence of the President of the Council, with the Mi-

nister of War and two members of the Committee. We are
afraid that it is in contemplation to organize a native auxiliary
corps, both cavalry and infantry.
General Baudrand does not accompany the Princes into
Italy ; he is every day expected at Paris.
It is still supposed that the King of Naples will come to
Paris.—Messager, June 22.

FRENCH FUNDS.—PARIS, JUNE 22.
Five per Cents., PSC 35c. 30c.
Four per Cents., 10IE 60c.
Three per Cents., Sot 40c. 45c. 35c.
Bank Actions. 2,287 f. 50c. 2,290 f.
Rente de Naples, lOW. 30c.
Roman Five per Cents., 163 103%.
Spanish Actives, 43 42%NX.
Spanish Differes, 20.
Spanish Passives, 13% IA IA.
Belgian Loan, Five per Cents, 101% 102 102%.
EICHANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, 25c. 40c.; money, 251. 40c.
Three months, paper, 25f. 25c. ; money, 25f. 22y,c
—!'ours Authentiaue.

BOURSE, QUAkTER TO FOUR.—Very little business has been
done to-day. Prices are a shade lower. The Three per
Cents. have been almost all day at 80f. 50c., sellers, 80f. 45c.
buyers. Spanish Active Stock opened at 43, was done at
42,1, and is now 42i, buyers.
LAST PRICES.—Five per Cents., 108 f. 45c. ; Three
per Cents., 80f. 50c. ; Five per Cents. Spanish, —; Three
per Cents. Spanish, —; Cortes, —; Coupons, ; Gueb-
hards, ; Differes, 154-; New Loan, —; Actives, 42i; Pas-
sives, 134; Ducats, 100 50 ; Romans, 1031 —; Pcdros, ;
Belgians, 1021; Dutch, —f. —c. ; Haytians, —f. —c. ;
Miguels, —; Brabant Bank, —; Belgian Bank, 20 ; Con-
tinuation, —.c. ; New Differes, 20; Five per Cent. Perpe-
tuelles, —; Royal Loan, —.

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

Our arrivals this morning are the French, Ostend, and
Dutch mails ; ship letters from Boston, New Orleans, and
Demerara ; and from Sydney, March 2.
We have received New York papers to the 28th of May,
and Boston to the Ist of Juno. We make the following ex-
tracts from the New York papers :
WASHINGTON, MAY 25.—The report of the Select Com-
mittee, on the abolition of slavery, was the first business on
hand. Mr. Robinson resumed and finished his remarks, in
support of his motion, to recommit the report, denying that
Congress possessed the constitutional authority to interfere
with the institution of slavery in the district of Colombia, or
any of the territories of the United States. In the course of
his speech he referred to the letter of Van Buren on this sub-
ject, and declared its language to be equivocal and evasive.
Here Mr. Adams started up, and begged that the particular
portion of the Vice-President's letter might be read. It was
read accordingly, and the manifest and elaborate non-corn-
mital character of the expressions, excited much laughter.
Mr. Robinson rung the changes upon them—Mr. Van
Buren could not satisfy himself that Congress had not the
power, &c.—he could not feel himself safe—a strong effort
was made to prevent the application of the political axe, by
calling for the Orders of the Day, but a majority were against
it. The Speaker then decided that the next step was to
ascertain whether there was a seconder to the demand for the
previous question. Mr. Adams appealed, and was proceeding
to speak, when the Speaker interrupted him, and required the
point of order to be reduced to writing. Mr. Adams, with
great vehemence—" Let the Chair put its decision in writing."
_—(Cries of " Order, order," on all sides.) The Speaker
repeated his remark, and the Ex-President then took his
seat and his pen; but after writing a few words, threw
it aside, started up, and commenced to speak in a high
key. His words were, however, lost amid the noise and con-
fusion that prevailed. Mr. Lee called him to order ; but Mr.
Adams never faultered, stating—" Sir, I do not think there is
a majority here who will sanction the attempt to stifle debate—
(' Order, order I')—and therefore I withdraw my appeal."
Several Members attempted to address the House, but were
assailed with loud cries of " Order !" and shouts of " Go on ! "
The confusion became tremendous. At last, upon the Chair
stating that the effect of the main question would be to cut off
all amendments, and confine the question to concurrence in the
resolutions, Mr. Adams again appealed, and was told he would
not be permitted to debate it. " What !" he exclaimed, "an
appeal from the Speaker's decision not debateable?" The
Chair—" The House has so decided."
The New York Enquirer of the 23d of May, has the
subjoined :
LIBERTY AND TEXAS :—Texas Free ! Santa Anna a pri.
soner of War—the independence of Texas acknowledged—the
expenses of the war paid by Mexico—Santa Anba a hostage
for the fulfilment of the conditions I The great and glorious
news of which the above is the substance, was brought to us by
a special messenger, who left Washington yesterday morning,
and arrived at our office at half. past eleven o'Clock, bringing
with him New Orleans Papers of the 9th inst., conveying to us
th,3 gratifying intelligence that the tyrant Santa Anna is in
truth a prisoner of war, and that he had agreed to acknowledge
the independence of Texas—paying the expenses of the war—
and remain himself a hostage for the fulfilment of these
conditions.

PARLIAMENTARY SUMMARY.

In the LORDS' last night. the Stafford Disfranchisement Bill
again engaged their Lordships until five o'clock. A petition
was presented from several architects who competed for the
prize offered for the best plan of the new houses of Parliament.
They prayed to be heard by Counsel at the bar of the House.
The Prisoners' Counsel Bill was read a second time. The
Instrument of Sasine (Scotland) Bill and the Sale of Bread
Bill went through Committee and were reported.
In the COMMONS' the principal topic of discussion grew out
of Mr. Grote's motion for leave to bring in a Bill to provide
that the votes at elections for Members of Parliament should
he taken by Ballot. There were only 227 Members present
at the division, and of those, 139 voted against Mr. Grote's
motion. Mr. Hindley withdrew his motion relative to the
Factory Act; Lord J. Russell promising that measures would
be adopted to prevent the evasion of the present Act. Leave
was then given to bring in several Bills. • It was stated by
the Chancellor of the Exchequer that the New Stamp Duties
generally would come into operation on the Ist of January,
and that on Newspapers the sth July.

KING'S BENCH.-(THIS DAY.)

MURRAY V. CURRE.

This was an action brought by a land-agent and auctioneer
to recover Commission on the sale of an estate belonging to
the defendant, situate near Cardiff, in Glamorganshire. A ne-
gociation had been opened for its sale with a gentleman named
Protheroe, but after some letters had passed between the
plaintiff and him, he applied to another land-agent, who had
also been employed by the defendant to look out for a pur•
chaser, and the estate was ultimately sold for a sum of
B,sool.—The Jury found for the plaintiff—Damages, 401.
