FASHIONABLE INTELLIGENCE.

ARRIVALS.
The Earl and Countess of Surrey, in Hyde Park-place,
from a visit to the Duke of Norfolk ; Lord Charles Wellesley,
at Apiley House, from a tour; Lord and Lady Maynard and
family, in Grosvenor-square, from Easton Lodge, Essex ; Sir
Charles Blant and family, at Farrance's Hotel, from their seat,
Heathfield Park, Sussex ; Mr. and Mrs. Simeon, at ditto,
from Leeds Caotle, Kent ; Baron Strodfner and suite, at the
London Hotel, from Russia ; F. W. Frankland, Esq., at Ib-
betson's Hotel, from his seat, Muntham Park, Sussex; Colonel
Alexas Carolan, in Cockwur-street, from Madrid; Captain
Hepburn, in St. James's-place, from Lisbon ; Captain Wynne,
in Pall-mall, from Paris ; Captain Eaton, in Charles-street,
from Brussels; Captain Walsh, in Waterloo-place, from the
Netherlands; Lieut.-Colonel Hopkins, in Jermyn-street, from
Frankfort ; Captain Forsyth, in Charles-street, from the Me-
diterranean ; Henry Moss, Esq., Mr. and Miss Moss, and Dr.
Stubbs, st Marshall Thompson's Hotel, from Liverpool ; Col.
Henry Thomson, Mrs. Thomson, and family at ditto ; J.
Hayes, Esq., and Mrs. Davis at ditto ; Captain and Mrs. Dal-
rymple at ditto ; the Attorney-General and Lady Stratheden
from Edinburgh.

DEPARTURES.
Lord and Lady Sinclair for Cornwall ; Lady de Clifford,
from Cheltenham, for Leicestershire ; Mr. and Mrs. Bassett,
from Sherborne Castle, for Cornwall; Captain Langdale for
Dublin; Lieut.-Col. Kennedy for Cork; Major and Mrs.
Hamilton for Queen-square, Bath; Captain Egerton for Aln-
wick; Captain Prendergast for Liverpool ; Captain Hunger-
ford for Brussels; Mr. and Mrs. Theobald for the Crescent,
Brighton; Capt. Wilbraham for Dublin ; Major Chichester
for Paris; Captain Grey for Lancaster ; Captain Gage for
Malta ; Captain Cockerell for Dover; Captain Donellan for
the Isle of Wight ; Major and Mrs. Haviland for Southamp-
ton ; Captain Watson and Mrs. Watson from Marshall Thomp-
son's Hotel ; the Rev. Wm. Beresford and Mrs. Beresford
from ditto; the Rev. Edward Cholmley Daring and family
from ditto ; J. W. Henley, Esq., from ditto ; Lord Elphin-
steno for Portsmouth.

The marchioness of Salisbury arrived at Hatfield
House off ..t;londay last from Walmer Castle.
The Earl a.nd Countess of Chesterfield arrived at
bownham Norfolk-, on ,Monday last, on a visit to Lord
William Paulett.
The Earl of Lichfield has arrived in town, and tran-
sacted business on Monday at the Post Office.
The Earl of Errol has reconstructed the chapel at
Slanes Castle, Aberdeenshire, where other improvements
have been made by his Lordship, who pill return from the
North to be ready for commencing. the hunting season as
Master of the Buckhounds.
• The Hon. Thomas Kenyon, in his address to the
grand jury of Shropshire on Monday, the 17th instant, said
" The Prisoner's Council Bill will place him, as Chairman
craw quarter sessions of this county, in an invidious situthe
a-
tion. Instead of being, as heretofore, the guardian of
Prisoner's case, in order to further the ends of justice he
Ivould now be obliged to expose to the jury any, fallacy put
forth by Counsel in defence of their clients.' —Salopian
Journal.
The Duke of Cambridge has been elected a Knight
of the Order of St. Andrew of Russia.
The Duke and DuchesS of Bedford intend to pass
tile Christmas at Bacon's Court, the seat of the Marquis of
Abercorn, in Ireland.
The Duke of Grafton is entertaining a select party
with the sports of the field at Euston Hall. The Earl of
Jersey
the Earl of Albemarle, and Lords Charles and John
Fitzroy are among the visitants, most of whom proceed to
Newmarket, for the Houghton Meeting.
The Duke of Bueeleuch has been making vast im-
provements in Dalkeith Palace and its beautiful grounds ;
the capacious gardens have been extended, and a new con-
servatory erected. The most choice flowers and plants are
I na state of high cultivation and beauty in the conservatories
at Dalkeith. The Duchess is said to be one of the most
Scientific horticulturists and florists in high, life.
The Archbishop of Canterbury is still at Tertwood
tlouse, near Southampton, the seat of the Hon. Sturges
ourne, where a select party have been sojourning during
tile Rev. Prelate's stay.
Among the visitors at present at Brocket Hall to
Lord Melbourne are the Marquis and Marchioness of Ta-
virnek, Lord John and Lady Russell, Lord and Lady
T "nwick, and Mr. and Lady Harriet Baring.
The Hon. Mr. Vernon Wentworth has been enter-
t
:!'ning a select party of friends at Wentworth Castle,
1 orkshire, during the past week.
The Duke of Bedford has given 1,0001. to the Me-
tropolis Churches Fund.
His Excellency Baron Stradfuer, and suite, arrived
at the London Hotel, Albemarle-street, yesterday, on a
sPe..eial mission to this country, from the Emperor of Russia.
Viscount Burghersh is making a tour in the West
of England.
The Countess of Jersey and her eldest daughter have
arrived at Hanover from Berlin, where their Ladyships will
make a short stay on their way to England.
Lord and Ludy Galway and a select party have
been on a visit during the last week at Bawtry House, York-
ire, the seat of Mr. and the Hon. Mrs. Mills.
Amongst the recent visitors to Lord Brougham has
been_ the author of the Pleasures of Rope."
k;ount Erdodo, from Hungary, has arrival in Bur-
arg!on-street from visits to the Duke of Buccleugh i:!-• Drum-
liSreastle, and the Earl of Mansfield, at Scone Pala:7.3
„l
Ln. Speaker of the House of Commons and his
r,,`_utir_ have returned to Stubbing Court from a visit to Lord
u das, at Aske Hall.
The King has been pleased to appoint Sir Robert
I(er Porter, our Charge d'Affaires and Consul to the Re.
ReyPublica Hanoverian of Venezuela, to be a Knight C
Commander of the
well-known
Guelphic Order. Sir Robert is brother
of t,_ w
• 11 known authoress, Miss Jane Porter.
to 11;0 wderstand that Captain Gordon, R.N., is
tune, ',l, miss Smith, !!) the ;-.)vmeneal altar a lady of rank and large for-
_niece to Lord Carrington.
oralhee, late Earl of Devon. ynagnificent Chateau de
situ.,:!e a few_milesTsoti2
manY i!, on the Seine and the Oise,
aris, is now the property of one of the deco.: l's.oble-
s Prin •
who_ . Tel domestics (his coachman, we believe), tO
!t was bequeathed.
...PI descendant (in the sixth degree) of Shakspeare,
Jur, William Sniith, who kept a tavern very appropriately
:,reLe" .ti af.te.r his immortal progenitor, died in Gloucester last
his 72d year.
we fort regret to learn that since the wreck of the un-
thetlan.sa_t_e ship Clarendon, at the.back of the Isle of Wight,
iortenlogt practice of plundering the wreck has been re-
/' a considerable extent,

ADVERTiSEMENVS OF A LONDON

NEWSPAPER.

(From the Great Metropolis, an interesting and gossiping
work just published, by the Author of " Random Recol-
lections of the Lords and Commons.")
The advertisements of a London newspaper have always
appeared to me to constitute a very interesting part of its
contents. It you would study human nature under cir•
cumstances most favourable for an accurate judgment, go
by all means to the advertisements of a London news-
paper. There you will find it exhibited under all its varied
phases. Advertisements arc infinitely better instructors, as
to the opinions, habits, and tendencies of the human mind,
than the works of our most profound philosophers. The
latter only describe human nature speculatively ; in the ad-
vertising columns of a London newspaper, you see it prac-
tically exemplified. I take a morning paper of the 20th of
June—the clay on which I write this—and what do I find
in the department filled with advertisements ? Were Ito
attempt to do justice to those advertisements, it would take
up a volume as large as the one now in the hands of the
reader. Let me glance at a few of these advertisements.
My eye first rests on a column in which I find no fewer
than eighteen governesses all wanting situations: A go-
verness ! In most cases the term is but another name for
slavery. and indignity combined. I can easily perceive,
from the tone which pervades their advertisements, that
these young unprotected creatures are, in the majority of
cases, the daughters of men who have moved in a respect-
able sphere of life, but have either been reduced in circum-
stances or been removed by death ; and therefore they are
obliged to support themselves. I can also easily per-
ceive that they are of a modest and retiring disposition, and
that nothing but dire necessity compels them to appear in
the columns of a newspaper. There are, however, excep-
tions to every rule ; and, among the advertisements to which
I refer, I observe one young Miss, who has the most exalted
notions of her own qualifications—ten times as great, I will
answer for it, as the mother of the daughters whom she may
be employed to teach will have when she has had two or three
months' trial of her. She is, taking her own word for it,
perfectly mistress of the French, German, Italian, and all
modern languages—which she speaks with the purity of the -
natives. Her musical talents are not to be surpassed ; and
in drawing she is perfectly unrivalled. To crown all, she is
of a most amiable disposition. Conceit, the ruling passion,
is as strong in the dozen lines her advertisement occupies,
as it were possible it could be made appear in that limited
space. In the immediate vicinity of this advertisement I find
another, intimating that " A French governess is wanted.
No English lady need apply." Here is stupidity. What
English lady would think of applying when a French one was
wanted? Farther down the column I observe that a gardener
and his wife are wanted. The latter must not be under forty-
five years of age, and there must be no " encumbrance."
Encumbrance, it may he right to mention, here means
children ; and, to make assurance doubly sure against any
future encumbrance, it is expressly stipulated that the
wife be forty-five years of age. Here are prudence and
economy combined—blended, it may be, with somewhat of
the Malthusian philosophy. What comes next ? " Mr.
Morgan has removed from 42, Davies-street, to 24, Baker-
street !" Behold the aristocratic disposition ! Theophras-
tus would have sought no better proof of Mr. Morgan
being a man of a proud and haughty mind. He is a
surgeon, but he is ashamed of his profession ; and yet he
is so poor, that he must inform his patients of the place
to which he is removed, lest they should not take the
trouble to inquire, and lie be consequently deprived of the
privilege of bleeding them. I use the word in a double
sense. His pride will not allow him to convey the in-
timation in the courteous terms becoming his dependent
condition. It would be a sad shock to his imaginary dig-
nity to use the words, " Begs leave respectfully to an-
nounce," &c. "M. C. wants a place as housemaid, where
a footman is kept !" The plain English of this is, that
Mary wants a husband, not a place. However, she will
accept the latter, to pave the way for the former ; but she
will take care that no situation " suit" her where the foot-
man is married. Immediately below the notification of the
housemaid, is another to the effect, that " A respectable
young woman, aged thirty, wants a situation as cook !"
Here we have the proverbial reluctance of a single female
to acknowledge her real age after she has passed her twenty-
fifth year. Molly is forty years of age, though she sets her-
self down as only thirty. lam perfectly certain, that if I
knew any one who had been acquainted with her for the
last ten years, that person would say, if appealed to
on the subject, as Fontinelle did in the case of the
French lady, under similar circumstances—that he could not
deny she was thirty, having constantly heard her say so for
the last ten years. And yet, observe, she calls herself
" young." Yes, but who ever heard an unmarried female
admit the applicability of the term " old" to her ? Next
comes " a good cook" in quest of a situation. She is " a
woman of sober habits !" As she mentions no other good
quality but that of her sobriety, it is as clear as any proposition
in Euclid, that she is a confirmed tippler—a frequenter of the
gin-palaces, and, in all probability, a native of Ireland.
Some one has got a capital set of chambers to let in Furni-
val's Inn ; " for particulars apply at the porter's lodge !" It
is manifest as the noon-day sun, that the advertiser is a par-
simoniOus man. He will not even give the " particulars in
general," as an Irishman would say, because it would put
him to two or three shillings more expense. However, let
him take his own way of it. He will find in the end, that
lie is one of the penny wise, pound foolish gentry. Had
he stated something regarding his set of chambers the
chances were some one might have inquired after them ;
but who will trouble themselves to go and interrogate the
porter on the subject ? " Andrews and Co. have just
published a Guide to persons commencing Housekeep-
ing ; to be ,had gratis, at their Complete Furnishing
House, Finsbury-square." Here the ingenious and the
cunning are blended in equal proportions. " The Guide"
means nothing more than a recommendatory list of the
advertisers' own articles. Not only does " the Guide"
recommend no article which they have not for sale, but
you may stake your existence on it, that it strongly recom-
mends as indispensable to a properly furnished house, every
article which they have to dispose of. See, again, in
the very next advertisement, or " ad." as the printers call
them, the pompous and inflated address of the empiric.
He cares not for pecuniary reward—not he ; be is ac-
tuated by the noblest and most disinterested motives in
announcing to you that he has for forty, or some other
very lengthened term of years, been the means of an-
nually restoring to life and happiness so many thousand
human beings, when on the very brink of the grave, and
when given up by all other physicians. It is from sheer
humanity that he forces, if he can, his medicine down your
throat, provided you will not be prevailed on to swallow it
of your own accord. And there is no disease which he
cannot cure. He undertakes to do everything short of re-
storing animation after the vital spark has fled. To throw
you off your guard more completely as to his real charac-
ter, he is sure to denounce all other professors of the heal-
ing art as " heartless pretenders." He thus traffics in hu-
manity. Flo does not kill you by violent means, in order
that he may rob you ; the law in that case would reachhim ;
but without a cornpunetious visiting he will trifle with your
life, and quietly administer his poison, till he has sent you
to your grave, in order that be may extract a few pounds
from you. Do you see that advertisement at the top of a
second column, headed, " An Appeal to the Charitable and
Humane," and containing a long detail of the calamities to
which the advertiser has been subject ? Take care, if you
are your own friend, of your pockets. It is a thousand to
one but it is either from Mist Zouch herself, or some one of
the same class of persons.

MORTALITY,&C.INLONDoN.—The annual number
of deaths in London is, in round numbers, 30,000. Dr.
Clark, in his late treatise on consumption, incomparably the
best work which has ever appeared on the subject,—says,
that taking the aggregate population of Great Britain and
Ireland, a fourth part of those who (lie from natural causes,
are carried off by consumption. From some statements I
have seen of the various causes of death in the metropolis, it
would appear that fully this proportion of persons die of
consimiption. From this fact it appears that this disease is
making alarming progress both in the metropolis and in the
country ; for in Dr, Arbuthnot's time it was calculated, that
out of every ten persons who died in London, only one was
carried off by consumption, The yearly number of births
in the metropolis exceeds that of the deaths by 2,000 or
3,ooo.—The Great Metropolis.
ARDUOUSNESS AND PRECARIOUSNESS OF THE
DRAMATIC PROFESSION.—There is no profession in the
world so arduous and precarious as that of the stage. Both
4.120 mental and physical powers of the actor are constantly
on i.t."4 rack. It is only by the most severe and unremitting
exertion that ho can hope to attain any measure of distinc-
tion ; and the same exeraon is necessary to preserve it.
Audiences are very capricious and very ungrateful :—the
least thing—the, si:ghtest defect in acting--,,v 4e444
however meritorious the actor's previous performances may
have been. The most distingn4had success for a lengthened
series of years is up extenuation, in their for one
night's failure. Our actors are in exactly the same predica-
greyhound in the fable, that
mws.sent'inthis c
severely beat by
iyts the
s master, because it failed to catch
the hare for the hundredth time, though it had been sue,
i
--sful in the chase n the previous ninety-nine oases,—Thc
_

Great 21.fetru.r..:.- I,ililding opposite Hyde.
One of the ittig,d lidijOs, the re,s,idence
park, in the Uxbridge-road, is Tt7ll4(lo' to: ..
of Thomas Assheton Smith, Esq., the I"ellitigt M ".;21...
vonshire.

Grabham's Taunton waggon was blown over on
Buckland-hill during the severe gale on the night of the
12th instant. Several persons who were passengers, ap-
prehensive of an accident, had descended from the waggon
just before it turned over,
