Buonaparte," is remarkable for nothing but the
Reviewer's expression of astonishment, that Napoleon
should have made so many blockheads, kings and princes.
Why, they were fit for nothing else, which was no
doubt the Emperor's motive for encircling their brows
with the diadem and coronet. It requires talent to
make a statesman, soldier, or philosopher ; but any
fool can be a king. Ex quovis ligno fit Mercurius.

" Seldom, alas, the power of reason reigns
With much sufficiency in Royal brains,"
says Cowper ; and our own three first Georges are
illustrations of this wholesome truth. The " Factory
System" is a valuable, fearless and unpitying exposure
of this grinding tyranny. Till we read the Reviewer's
strictures, not one of which but is supported by proof
positive " as holy writ," we could have had no idea
of the cruelties practised on the helpless factory children
by their task-masters. And yet these are the men
who have been crying out so lustily against negro
slavery I In reference to this sickening cant, we
quote from memory the concluding stanza of an ad-
mirable poem entitled " The Dying Factory Child,"
which appeared some few years since in Frazer's
Magazine : _

" That night a chariot passed her,
As on the ground she lay,
The children of her master
An evening visit pay ;
Their tender hearts were sighing,
As Negro wrongs were told,
While the white slave was dying,
Who gained their master gold."
In " Wraxall's Posthumous Memoirs" the Reviewer
enters at considerable length into a defence of Mr.
Pitt, from the charge brought against him by the Ba-
ronet of " pecuniary corruption," and shows that his
Memoirs are not worthy of the slightest attention ; he
is more successful here than ha is in exposing what
he calls the inaccuracies of Colonel Napier's " History
of the Peninsular War"—an article which is almost
wholly made up of invective and assertion, And in no
way injures the gallant historian's character for ac-
curacy and fair dealing. Had Colonel Napier been a
Tory instead of a Reformer, no doubt the " Quarterly
Review" would have discovered that his historical abi-
lities were equal to those of Ciesar.
