ERNIAN PAPERS.

The following :litter from Algiers, dated Ang.
SL, which we have just received by way of France,
from att eye•witness of the ,transactions there,
enables us to give our Readers a connected account
of those important. events
" ALGIRHS, AUG. 31.-04 the 27t1,i in the
;horning .earle, we had here the first news of the
appr-ech of the English fleet, tvhich was seen
from the towers of the city, to die West in the
,-Jlist The Dey immediately issued orders for
leery ewe to tepair to his post. The Turks and
;M't!ots Itastetteo in greet numbets on board the
ships and into the hatterie's on the shore. To-
wards one O'clock the squaelrem came into the road
wi:h a slight %din!. It consisted of 32 sail.
'A frigate, with a f-lag of truce, wos detached
frOnr the seeadeon, which ~ent ahhorc,onc,of itg
hOets w"ith the sai)le'ti,i-e;., , mitt was stopped
Icrore the harbour, and the officer .was Rot per.
witted to go on shore; he was the hearer of a
lila I;;ntlish itel Turkish languages,
which he:defiected to the , Captain of the port.
This dispatch stated, that the Colirt of London
hadjindeed, tat the 1511, of May; lronseuted,
ehrotigh the medinm of Lord Exmouth,l,O.wait for
six months for the resolution Which the Govern-
ment of Algiers should take respecting the aboli-
tion of slavery , that the Dey had, howeser, at the
vc.ry time Of tins negotiation, given the English
Admiral the al#lttattet, that, tiering the above-
mentiosted period, all Englishmen, and all Eng-
lish property in the whole Algerine territory,
shonlel be respected, and that ell English -proPerty
already sequestrated' hould be Conscientiossily re-
.. stored Not withstanding ChiS,,the Court of Lon-
don had learnt that the. English, and individuals
mulct- Etiglkh, protection, bat been mas Sacred at
their property plundered ;_that, two
En;!lieh vess-els testi:beets detained, and also plun-
dysed, for which not the smallest satisfaction had
hitherto heen given.
" For these reasenti the Conrt of London had
resolved not to Watt for the IlipiratiOG of the min
of six months fur the abolition of the slavery of
tie Europeans at Algiers, but, on the contrary, to
inikt that this abolition should be immediately
consented to and ratified by the,Government of
Algiers, and that, -as it proof of the recognition
of-this principle, 'ell the European slaves in their
power should be immediately delivered on board
uf.the Engkli slops.;; and, as a reparation for the
ininry done to English subjects at Bona and Oran,
the suns of 370,000 piastres, which had been paid
by the Court al Naples as ransom, should bete-
tai ored.
" The Dey sent hack Lord Exmouth's letter with
contempt, nod gave the Officer to understate! that
Ise.. would not give any answer to &etch proposals.
." The English Admiral now gave the-squadron
Mir signakfor battle. The guts-boats first east
(many near the batteries ; the Algcrines might
esseily have mete them keep off (tkompurer), all
the Officers iii the Algerine fleet ad. ised this,
wid loudly ilcinalowi that the batteries sinteld
fire ; but the
.iNlitli“tr of the Alarine would
not,,, without having the orders of the !ivy, wbo
sent word that he wOtild. immediately come in
persnir twthe shore."' 'Mean time the, tau three-
dnekers, two 74's, • and one of 60, got time
to-take up their positions,, about half-past r, two
o'clock, at 60 fathoms itrom the shore,,ne.about,
LAI' cannon 'shot,- Now the forts began to fire,
hut tot, lete ; 'the drips,,- which were GOW firmly
micltOred,,• made •such -a-6E4: firing, that 41114
tipper batteries of the forte on the coast were ins-
, mcffiately dismounted, The lower ones tread out
tsours, and did the English mach injury. , A
Captain of artillery and a Lieutenant of the Navy
now asked the Admiral's permission to get inttea
boat, and set fire to the-firatAlt.,,,erine frigate which
lay at the entrance of the harbour, by means of
a brietistoneshirt. !ibis- attempt, which fully sue-
ceeded, made the Algutines quite beside them-
selees, they itnew,not whether they should save
their fleet, or keep tilt the fire of the hatteries.--
A,pretty brisk west wind soon set .the whole fleet
in flumes ; five frigates, four corvettes, aka thirty
gon-boats were destroyed by the fire, which af-
forded for lour bones a' most awful and magnifi
cent spectaele. Toieards midnight two frigates,
tall in flames; were driven by the wind out of the
Inirboor towards the English squadron, wide!' Was
ofsliged to cut its cables, in order to-Cave
4' The tremendous Are of the English fleet-fit/11kb
continued, without intermission, for above eight
botirs, the bombs which felt into the 'city, the
CongrelYe's rockets, and the fire-ships sent against
the mole, at length tamed 'the courage of the Al:
gcrines. They threiv themselves into the bat-
teries ; the Dey was every where at most danger-
ous places,--inconenging his 'people, anti distri-
heted.money very liberally., The Marine Mini-
ster was sesetely wounded.
" The Algerine Admiral, 6 Captains, and or 900
men, were killed its the batteries, on the shore
300 More heel the same fate, in tlee city, and the
other forte.
On the 29th the English up:nit-on cast anchor.
in 'the great road, and without cannon shot. Al-
giers was in consternation, and the Swedish ,Cou-'
ayl was. retplettted to tOrne to the Dey.
"Illicit he errived_at Use hotel of the Minister of
the Marine, he found the Dey end all the Nienibers
of the Government estet»bled there, who iotheinee
Itilr;of their resolution to submit to, all he demands
of the English. ,Meantime, a boat, with a flag of
truce came from, the EnglislAdmiral, ,bringing
lettet• to the Dey, in..which Lord Exmouth said,
that though the tortoise of. war,. and the 'silvan-,
rages of his position,enabletl him to prescribe to
she.Goverinnent of -Algierevery, hard conditions, ,
Ire would however .grant the. Dey the samlie terms
nt, yesterday, only with the addition, -" that the
Dutch; who had shared its the battle, should enjoy
toe same tights ,Attill privileges at Algiers us the
mid the preseoti on the arrival at the
limglish and Dutch
,Consuls be:abolished.
r, The Dcv (Ind the Government commissioned
the Swedisft Ceustil, nnd the Captain of the Port,
Alyliays, to bring, to the Englisitsidroirtil, words
of Peace:,-anti.ol), th,:f29111,11"41.1:01ii4M9'.{MV;040!
chided on the following terms.—[The same ai al-,
seedy published-I
slaves were scat on board of the English

•
squadron yesiertlAy ii';1111 e other con-
ditions will he immediately hifilltd. •
" If the Algetito.s lost LOQ, men} the English,
by Lord Exmontles account, lost ts 3 u. The
GO gun ship wes tech damaged, and rendered
nearly unserviceable. The [tear Admiral's ship,
three-decker, and one 74, also suffered. much.
The fire of 'the English for ten hours was so vio,
lent, that the powder was nearly exhausted on
board of the large ships, and they were obliged
in get a supply of ammonitinn front the cor-
vettes. In the !second line were the English and
Dutch frigates ; -two of. them. were much da-
maged, and lost many men. Both sides fought
desperately. What decided the affair was, that
the Mg:critics did not imagine that the kinglish
nutild put themselves within half eannoh, shot,
and still less that the Admiral's ship would, place
itself before the entrance of the port, so that it
almost tourbed the houses, and took all the forts
on the shoe St, in the rear, that it cool([ sweep
away whole ranks of the Algerincartillerists,Who
were no longer entered by the breas..woyk. To
this was added the daring rcsolotinn of fastening
a brimstone hhirt to the first, A IgQrine frigate,
which instantly took file., and caused the greatest
devastation at the harbour.
" The city was not set no the in any place,
either by the bombs or the Gingreve lockets, us
all the houses are of atone or brick, without rook,.
but with terraces, and therchite cannot easily
catch fire, But the bombs and 36-pound balls
did, however, immense damage, by penetrating
into many houses, and throwing.down many walls,
" the country all remained quiet, in UitXtUUS
expectation of the result ; all the, women and
children from the city were dispersed in the mono-
r sins. A tumult in an Manion Cantp, sic leagues
tram Algiers, where the soldiers 11,0 dissatisfied
that they received no coders to break up,, was.
quickly quelled.
" The houses of the Consuls of Fronee, Sweden,
Denmark, and the United States, were very much
damaged.
" The general anger and indignation is directed
against the Minister of the Marine, who is blamed
for not having fired uptin the. English gun-boa-ts,
and ships of the line, as,soon as they were wirliin
cannon shut, but letting them cast anchor with-
out disturbance.
U This Minister is fallen into disgt mit?, and in
his Mom is certain Saba llns,sum appointed, who
scents to .enjoy general confidence, and great fa-
vour with.the

Lord Exmouth has sertt•this night the sixty
gun ship, Which wants great: rephirs, aim a quick
sailing frigate, to London. To-morrow he dis-
patches a Dutch frigate to nit•oillcs, which con-
veys the dispatches for the English Conrt, and
this frigate is to bring back from Marseilles the
Dutch Consul, who is intended for Algiers, and is
nois, at Marseilles.
"'The Mgctineg hare saved from the fire
brig, a goeletta, a half-galley, and four gun-boats.
Four other gun-boats are ou the stoCki."

PCILICE MITULIGENCE.

MANSION-HOUSE._

_ .
Yesterday Richard Golding, a clerk in the house
ot Messrs. Barclay aird'Cn. Winker., was brotight
up, and widen, cm a final exatnin ation charged
with tHling a Bill of Exchange hwr 381. 15s: 2d,
the property of his employers..--1 lie prisoner vas
lidly committed fur trial.
• Ralph Jacobs was charged with robbing a Gen-
tleman of his pocket-book, containing about .101.
in notes, a quantity tit part's, are. about half-past
one o'clock yesterday afternoon.
Mr. Lillie Crosby deposed, that he lodged at
No. I gG, in the Strand. Yesterday he had some
boisineFs to transact in the City, relative to his
going out to Gibraltar, and had walked as far as
in company with a gentleman: named
Peacock. Having arrived: near the Jerusalem
Coffee.lintise, befell something like a pill made
at hit pocket, and instantly examining, discovered
his pocket•hook had been taken. The. prisoner
however was so close AO hint, that, suspicion
amounted to Certainty, which his- attempting 10
rim away confirmed. The prosecutor and Mr.
Peacock pursued, and before tile prisoner liiiat.got
many. yards, be was secured, and the pocket-hook
luckily forma, artfuilY enticcoo,beneath en apron,
worn for the purr ose nt ticeitiiii; others with pre-
tended habits of business.

The Lou v MAyou congratulated the public upon
the cud that had thus been effectually put to the
depredatory career of, this young, but hardened
delinquent, and RAM him what he had to say
why be should not be committed for trial ? The
prisoner replied—" My Lord, what I Wive to say,
I Will
swear in another place."—De was fully
committed for trial.
ItIXOIIO ITO HST EF.T.

RiChar& was charged with
J. Desmond, a boy, by throwing a piece
of iron at him. This affair took place in June,
1809.—5. Sabin, a coach spring. Maker, in Mon-
tagne.Mews, Park-lane, said the prisoner worked
the belloWs for him ; deceased was also employed
about the premises., He was loitering away his
time, :and preventing annther bOy frOni working t
when the. prisoner Spoke to him, and received en
impertinent answer, and a threat of. having his
shins kicked. The prisoner bad in his hand a
spring mandrel, which he threw at the boy, and
it entered his temple. He was taken to the hos.
pital, where be lingered several days before he
Coroner's Jury sat on the body, and re-
turned a verdict of Manslaughter.r—The prisoner
surrendered
,at the time, but no notice tears then
taken of hiin, and he has been since out of the
way,--ile %vas committed for trial.

WORSHIP-STREET.
.Fans furr.—Yestcraily thorles lint! Phillip Proud,
the brothers, who wtre charged with forging and
tittering notes purporting to be of the Bank of
England, wet 4: finaliy claulined.—They wert: folly
roiun►ittecl, apt' the parties boond over to pro.
Secute.
