ADiffP,ll, PY- OFFICE, 3:4.4 05 1811.

. .
•Nri cE is hereby ttheft&S;i97l bj .
and 7'erininer and Goal Delivery, for the
fences committed on the High Seas, within the J6r7i.s.diefidpt.';e
of,En,gland,will be held at Justice Hall, it.t t,"kt
Ohl London; on Friday, the 21st of Ja+2, next, at
Eight o'Clackin the Morning, _ _

<A Ir. CROKER:

OFFICE OF atm Arldlvut, Dec. 1.7

TrFIE PRINCMAL OFFICERS of His MA
'11" JE.STY'S ORDNANCE, do hereby Eke Notice, That
Proposals Will be received .at their Office in Pa/I,llcl/, on
or befonday, the .10th day of January next, from such
Persons as ‘,1:171 be willing to purchase about Ninety Tons
V SALT PETRE BAGS' and." RAGS, now in Store at
Royat Powder Mills, tittFocersham, in the CintWy qt Kent.
Further Petri icalarS,rnay. be hnekn uporaapplEcstion to the
StorehiePei t.? the. Ortifautee at FaVersham,'Where thesßegs
and..2ag s nary be viewed also at EliSecrrt aryis Office?' ist
Pall lltat! eforesaid, .any Day between the Hours T7Ten.
and Four o!cloh,-. where the proposals must be delivertd,
sealed up, and indorsed Proposals foe Putchase of Salt
Petro Bags and. Rags ;" Intt, no PrapoSal can 41. admitted
after the said 10th dayof January, at Twelve o'clock at
Noon Of, the same day, neither will any Tender Le noticed,
unless the Party making it, or an Agent in his behalA shall
attend. . . .

G..4.,i0:1the Board, .
R. 11. CRAW", Ste.

. .
DR. WEBSTER'S CEREVISIA ANGLICAN.I; • or,,ENG.
• LISH DIET DRINK.

THE 'reputation of a-Medicine, which has been
in extensive use for tiO years, earl require tin aid from
fabricated testimonies, nor can receive any support from Lc-
t lons, however embellished,- Composed as it is ~f vegetabless
at once the must simple and eflicacions, seleeted by the judg-
ment of the first botanist of his day, it, possesses in the first
Plaetc the-extraordinarY uegativeexcellente,that it•may
taken with: ,perfect safety (rf,.tire afflicted'uf all ages, from
the infapt at the breaSt, to the hoary invalid, worn atyxn and
sinking under yea ts and -infirmities.—This, though its least •
merit, -is one, of which few other medicines can justly boast:-
Its various and astoni6iting.,sanative powers cannot possibly.
be enumerated within the limits of an advertisement; and to
those who still may 1-,e strange-is to its character, theytean
.only he fully known by -consulting the venerable Dr- Web-,
stees Treatise on that .subject, • wr; tiep at the-advanced age
Of fourscore, as a testamentary legacy bequeathei to his suf-
fering fellow creatures, and which may be. ha'd the
,Pro-
prietors, price ss. in.huards. Foie the consolation, however,
.of those who are afflicted with the_ following disorders, .or
with any -others to Nv!liothey bear an it is here rue-
cessary to Observe, that in all kinds-of fevers, •in hypochon-
driasis, in scurvy, in scrophula, dnd in all others.where the
simptonik indicate poverty or. impurity' of blood—in dropsy,
asthma, and consumption, and in every other complitintwitich
springs front weakness and debility—in'the disordefs
incident to _tire female sex, and at the usual critical
periods which mark the stags of life, and frequentli erethit-
ter existence, the...-Euritsb sier- Drink w;ill be found a gentle,
-safe, and sovereign remedy..

• , of troth ow surest test.
n" re, -praises justly, praises best. .
Sold in half pint bottles, 49; pint ditto, 7s. 6d.; and is
quart ditto, I4s. each, duty included.
Wholesale and retail, by the sule Proprietors, E. Slet and
C0.,92, Borough High-street: and-by at least in every consi-
derable Town in the United Kingdom, and by the following
Venders their Agents, in London:---Messrs. Howard and
Evads,. Long-lane, West Smithfield; Elliutson, Chemist and
‘Druggist?lo6, Borough ; Bolton's Medicinal Warehouse,frunt
of the Royal Exchange, Cornhill; 'Col6sworthy, Chemist and
Druggist, 144,Wbitechapel ; Mouusev, Chemist,24, Great Sur-
rey-street, Blackfriar's-road, and at Kennington-crass ; San-
ger, (late Bacon); 150,. Oxford-street; Midgeley, Chemist and
Druggist, 49, Strand; Hudson and Co. Chemist, 27, Hay-
market ; Ward, 324, Holborn; awl Mattress, Perfumer, 85,
Fleet-street. . . .
, •, •

, .

TO THOMAS TAYLOR, ESQ.
No. 9,. New Bridge-street; Londen.
HONOURED.SIa, Edinburgh, March
'BEG.leave to inform you, that ever since ipe
yr'r 1790,. 1 bad been afflicted with the Liles Ventrea ;
which, from its obstinately.resisting every course-Of medicine
prescribed by the most eminent of.the faenity,he;e, and uu-
tlcroing several severe courses of salivation, and twice dis-
charged froin.the 1 iositifalNtith Ettle'telief;- tvcruld-appeirrto
be of the most inveterate nature. In the spring of 'last year
my disorder, hail got to such a bead, as nearly to put a period
to mrexistence—l bad a large ulcer on the crqwu of my head,
one on each arm, and my legs were broke out in a frightful
Manner; my right was dreadfully painful, and had !.ieen in. a
State of ulceration. for the last seven years; my left had ii.so
two large nodes on it, was very much discoloured, and gave
me such excruciating .pain, particrilarly when warns in bed,
as nearly-to dePrive.me of rest ;iu this lamentable' state;-.1. •
Was recommendea by .`lr. J, Thompson,- received so
great a cure by them here), to take•vonr Leake's PAtent Pills,
wbieii I begawto tio„onMie 4fAth of flay ; in the course of a
fortnight I beg,a.a - recolve beiiefit—in little more. thati
month the. ulcers on mrheatiand armswere sonndlydiealed—.
soon after, the sores on thy legs healed also,; letiving, how-
.ever; considerable discoluurat ion in the ski-ri, and pain in the
-none-of the left, which; by the blessbig of God; and a little
longer perseverance in your invaluable Medicine, subsnled
the nodes dispersing, the skin regaining its natural hue, and
the nocturnal pains-gradually going off.--I thus be ea jsy
your liberrl advice awl medicine, 'perfectly free from, all ins
former complaints7—have recovered my for Mer spirits and
strength, and am become jolly and fat, in which state havins
continued many months-to the astonishuient of all who knew
me, ram at a loss in what terluslo express my gratitude,,hta
beg your for the good of other suffering Mortals; to inal:e
this my case as public as possible, as I•shall on 9very n.aa-
slon ;in so doing you willgreatlroblige, . • -
Sir, your grateful, obedient, very humble servant,
ALEX, ML7II,I.c.ER.
Swann's Close, High-street, Edinburgh. • '
Witnesses to the above cure

John Thompson, No. 0, New Poultry Marhet,- Edinlitirgh ;
John M'lntosh, Old Asseinbly Close, Edinbargh,•
Prepared and sold by the sole Proprietor,) "ITIONA 'TAY-
LOR, Member of the ~Royal College of Sorgeims,) at his
house, No. 9, New Bridge-street; -Landon ; whew,' after a
constant residence of more.than 38 years, in a practice, parti-
cularly directed to the cure of 'Venereal Complaints and those
incidental to the Parts of Generation, with thatinriolable
secrecy which n: vi of , his profession should 'always observe in
such cases,. he. hatters himself tile advice and assistance be
gratuitously administers to persons tubing this Medicine, will -
be esteemed, by a discerning.Publie, as an advantage sAdoia
attainable, a, A 1 void of all •ambiguity. • •
Also sold, by his appointment, for the convenience of those,
etalirittK distance, at the Perfumer's, No. 85, St. Alhart'q-e-
-street, Pall-mall; the Tovshop, No. 103, Pxford-street ;
'Disborough's, No. 7, Pish.-street-hill; Mr. Baxter's, 5.4011-
bridge Edinburgh;Mr. Nl'Donald, Jeweller,• Glasgow; Mi-.
Callwell's, Dublin ; and by one person in every considerable
town ill; Great. Britain anti Ireland,,in boxes of only (2s. 9d
each, stamped, and sealed up with full and plain directions,
whereby persons, of either sex may cure themselves with
ease, speed, secrecy, and safety.
N. B. Every Box sold in Great-Britain is sealed up with a
Stain?, on which, by favour of the Commissioners, i, printed,
at the stamp 011 ice—T. Taylor, No. 9, New Brid,,:,e-50
tv imitate winoh is.relooy, and all utittrs are counterfeits.

FRENCH PAPERS

[FURTHER EXTR kCTB.3

PARIS, DEC. 28.-,---The allied armies haveviolat-
ed the neutrality of Switzerland. The armies,
tvhose commanders affect snob moderation in their
language, whose conduct is so violent; and whose
proclamations are so haughty, ale preparing to
invade our frontiers,. and our enemies already
flatter themselves with the hope of making France
suffer the fare of Poland,
,and of degrading it to,
the lowest state of a conquered nation.
Frenchinen! the situation in which you are at.
this moment placed resembles, in no respect, the
situation ot a people threatened by the ambition.
of its neighbours. Listen to the truth ; you are
are worthy ot hearing it. Our enemies, so often
initubled by our victories, so often reduCed to so-
licit peace front the generosity of the victor, will
conic among us with their hearts cankered with
resentment, and she will, dictate laws to you with
fire and sword in their hands. But they know
that no coalition ever triumphed over. a great peo-
ple, unless that people, deluded by. false promises
and a feigned moderation, has become itself acces-
tory to its own ruin, and has awaited, in crimi-,
nal inaction, the triumphs of its enemies".
What is then the object of those insidious pro-
clamations which precede the march • of their
armies, and on which they still place More de-
pendance than on their strength and their courage
Their object is to divide, in order to weaken you,
to unman your arms, to annihilate in your souls
the love of Your country, to render you insensible
to national• honour, to fashion you before band,
insult, to ill-treatment, and to the humiliation of
a foreign yoke.
They make war, say they, only on your Em-
peror. What an insult to a generous nation ! but
at the same time what perfidy.
Frenchmen ! .they think you mean enough to
forsake the bead whom you have *seri, whose
powerful voice has imposed silence on the sail:
guinary passions, and who -has placed your pro-
perties under the safeguard of The laws.
They believe you insensate enough not to guess
their motives. Separate from your government,
you would becbme an easy prey to. them ; they
dread the moment 'when your Emperor, collect-
ing with energy, the force of the nation, shall
rekindle the thunderbolts of Austerlitz and Ma-
rengo.
Compare to' these ignominious proposals the
magnanimous conduct of your EMperor. D,vice
victory has conducted hint to Vienna ; twice in
the centre of the Austrian monarchy he found
himself the arbiter of the destiny of the House of
Hapsbourg ; did he ever propose to these people
to provoke their Sovereign No, a peace honour-
able for his enemies was the first fruit of his vic-
tories ; and these same enemies who have not yet
touched upon our frontiers, dare to offer such
an insult ! It is to Frenchmen they propose trea-
son. It is on our dishonour' they found their
hopes !
But who is.there among us that can bs igno-
rant of the fate that threatens him if they could
accomplish their designs ? Are not all the French
liable to a joint responsibilitylor •all the events
which, during these last 20 years, have followed
Cacti uui • apid succession? Let us pass
on,the acts of violence, tue tillage, the devastation
which attend the progress of those barbarous
hordes, issuing like tempests from the caverns of
the North.
But what class of society would be secure from
an odious inquisition, and from the vengeance of
the conqueror ? What would be the condition of
tiose who have acquired national property, whose
titles are interwoven with the existence of the
Government ?
What would become of all the citizens who
have loved and served their country, and who, in
solemn addresses, have mhnifested their attach-
ment to the Imperial dynasty ?
What would be the lot of the publiaunctiona-
ries, and of all those whom 'confidence in the Go-
vernment has brought back to their houses,' and
who owe to' this Government, which has held out
to those a helping hand, love and fidelity ?
The answer is easy ' • the laws would no longer
be respected—the snbversion of fortunes would be
universal=-foreign agents would dispose ot the

lives and properties Of the citizens.
Let us figure to ourselves the horrors of the
convulsions which would arise from such a state
of things. The French people would be placed
between infamy and despair ;
,it would no longer
exist to independence and glory. Our public mo-
numents would he mutilated. The master-pieces
of art which- we possess would fall into the hands
of barbarians they would strip our museums of
these sublime productions of genius, the fruits of
our victories, and objects of eternal jealousy to
our enemies.

Frenchmen, let those truths be ever present to
your minds ; animated by the remembrances of
national glory, inflamed by that love of your na-
tive co►intry which engenders prodigies, you will
repel criminal insinuation, you will protect your
Wives and your children agßinst the insults of a
licentious soldiery ; you will secure your proper-
ties which are threatened. Our enemies will find
in each of us an enemy. if they enter our terri-
tory let them be stopped at every step by the pa-
triotisn► and the courage of the citizens. .

From all parts of Europe numerous defenders
will fly to the succour of thei,:brethen ; the sword
of -your Emperor will again lead you to victory,
which will never be doubtful of base desertions ;
do not frustrate the caleulatiOns of his genius.—
Already our valiant youths hasten -towards our
frontiers. The voice of the country has not been
Beard in vain. The general safety is at stake:—
Let our efforts be unaninions, and we shall obtain
an honourable peace, the only one which can be
solid, and make the French happy.

LETTER FROM GENERAL MILHAUD, COMMANDING
THE FIFTH CORPS OF CAVALRY, TO HIS SERENE
HIGHNESS THE PRINCE OF NEUFCHATEL.
" Colmar, Dec. 24, 1813, 7 o'clock, evening.
" PRINCE,-1 have had atlength the good for-
tune to fall in with the corps of partisans com-
manded by the Austrian General Schcller, who
had sent yesterday into Colmar a party of sixty
horse, all hour before the arrival. of the sth corps.
Tile brigade of dragoons,- counuanded by General

Montlegier, received orders to advance towards-1
St. Croix, where the enemy had 2000 horse, an'il
overthrew them, notwithstanding their obstinate
resistance. The 2d, 6th, and 11th regiments of
dragoons, every where broke though the.enetny's
corps ; which were twice as numerous ;' they sa-
bred 900 Bavarian light horse, Austrian hussars.
Szicklen hussars, and of Hesse Homburg, and
gave a severe lesson to two regiments of Cos-
sacks. The enemy left three hundred dead on the
field of battle. The brigade of Montlegier took
130 horses, and Made 231 prisoners, of..who.m. 60
are Cossacki. M. Petro Auraz dangerously'.
wounded ; also a LientenantColonel of the 'Hus-
sars of Hesse Homborgi named D'Amstein,
wounded:.

" The energy of the soldiers of the sth corps
has been augmented, if possible, by the devotion
(denouement)' of the inhabitants of the Upper
Rhine, and of all the Magistrates. The Count tie
la Vienville' and ,the Mayor of Colmar • set the
example. All' the inhabitants, animated with the
greatest zeal for the Emperor, and the defence of
their country, lomitydemand arms against the ene-
mies of our' august Sovereign and of our country.
We have been received on the Upper Rhine with
an enthusiasm which doubles the energy of the:
troops.
" The Colonel of the Cossacks, whom we have
taken prisoner, has received a title in Russia, and
two villages as a recompence, and commands two
regiments of CossackS'of Elmousen and :Bowen.
He been,treated with respect by the dragoons
who took him.

" I am proud, my Prince, of commanding the
fifth corps of cavalry, which his Majesty has con-
tided to me.

" 1 shail employ every possible means to hang
upon the flanks of this army, and to know what it
intends to do.

" We blve to regret the loss of ten killed, but
not one officer. Capt. Cover, of the 6th regiment
of dragoons, two officers of a detachment of the
22d, and sixty subalterns and dragoons have been
wounded.

" Aceept.the assurance's of my profound respect.
" The General of Division, commanding the
sth corps of cavalry,
(Signed) Cornet MILHAUD.",

His 11Iajesty has granted 30 decorations of the
Legion of Honour to the_ officers, subalterns, and
soldiers, selected from among those who have
particularly distinguished themselves.

PARIS, DEC. 29.

REPORT FROM GENERAL COUNT MILHAUD.TO THE

PRINCE MAJOR-GENERAL.

" Colmar, Dec. 26, 1813, at noon.

Sts,--Since the action at St. Croix, in which
the brigade of dragoons under Gcneral Montle-
gier behaved so gallantly, the enemy has received
numerous reinforcements. Yesterday General
Hardier, who calls himself commander of the
Austro-Bavarian van-guard, arrived at linsisheim
with 6000 'foot, 3000 horse, and six pieces of
cannon. From Basle they have brought in wag-
gons a number of infantry, who have passed by
Battenheim. A good peasant, worthy of credit,
makes their force 12,000 foot, and 6000 horse :
be cannot tell the number orcannon.
" The division of General 'rive has relieved at
St. um Luc. heavy cavalry of the
sth corps. I keep in reserve the division in o-e-
-neralliHeritier, with a brigade of infantry. I
.have commissioned General Dermoncourt to ob-
serve along the Rhine from Huningen to 'New
B'risach. •

" I am well seconded by the excellent Prefect,
Count de la Vieuville, by the Mayor,of Colmar,
and by all the Civil Authorities.
The enemy's parties committed dreadful ex-
cesses before our arrival at St. Croix, and in other
villages. The-indignation of the people is ex-
treme. When I have received the names, of the
officers and soldiers of the brigade of Montlegier
who have the most distinguished themselves, I
shall beg your Highness to solicit rewards for
these brave men.

The. Colonel of the Cossacks, and the Colo-
nel of the Austrian Hussars, are both dead of their
wounds. I have ordered them to be buried with
military honours. 1 am, &c.
(Signed) " Count MITALy.3I)."

COPY OF THE LETTER OF THE LANDAM!S.IAN OF
SWITZERLAND, TO HIS MAJESTY THE EMPEROR

AND KING.

" StaE,--2rhe course of events has marked the
moment in which the Diet of the Confederation,
extraordinarily assembled, thinks it its duty to
publish the system which Switzerland intends to
adopt during the present war.
" Evee since the time of Francis I. neutrality
has been a fundamental principle of the alliance
of the Swiss with the Crown of France. The
treaty concluded in 1803, having anew recalled
and consecrated it, we remain itavariably faithful
to our national maxims, by declaring at this mo,
ment our resolution to observe towards; all the
powers, in the strictest and most impartial , sense,
this neutrality, which is the basis of our political
existence.

" To your goodness, Sire, we are now in-
debted for having, in these latter times, seen an
obstacle removed, which might have tcriously
compromised it. By acqtfiescing, in our wishes
on this head, your Majesty has given us new rea-
sons to hope, that the declaration of the Diet will
be favourably received, and that you will deign by
a formal act to facilitate the recognition of the re-
ciprocal guarantee of the neutrality of Switzerland
ley all the powers.
" With this confidence, Sire, the Piet makes
similar requests to the Powers allied against
France. It attends also, at the same time, to the
military arrangements which are rendered neces-
sary by the presence of some corps of troops near
the frontiers of Switzerland.

" Messrs Vincent Ituttimann, formerly Lan-
damman of Switzerland, Avoyer of the Canton of
Lucerne, and Jean Henry Wieland, Burgomaster
of the Canton. of Basle, who repair to your Impe-
rial residence, in the character of our Envoys EX-
traordinary, are commissioned to present to your
Majesty the declaration of our neutrality. We
entreat your Imperial Majesty to deign to re-
ceive them with kindness, and to approve of their
mission.
" We ire, with sentiments ot the most pro.

found respect,: your Imperial ttnd Royal Ma.:esty.:
,vevy obedient servants, faithful allies, mid goad,
friends,
The tandamman, President of the General
Diet of Switzerland, -
(Sigiled) " REINHARD,
" The Chancellot of the Ccinfederation.-
(Signed) " MOUSSON.
" Zurich, Nov. lg."
[Here follows the Declaration of Neutrality by
the Diet, which has already appeared.]

COPY OF A LETTER OF HIS MAJESTY THE EMPEROR
AND, KING, TO HIS EXCELLENCY M."REINHABD

lIANDAMMAN OF SWITtERLAND.

" have read with pleasure the letter
which you have commissioned Alessrs Ruttiman
and Wieland, Envoys Extraordinary• from the
Confederation; to present tome. 1 learn with
particular satisfaction the concord which has
reigned among all the Cantons and all classes of
citizens. The neutrality which the Diet has una-
nimously proclaimed, is at once conformable to
the obligations of your treaties, and to your dearest
interests. I recognize this neutrality, and I have
given the necessary orders for its being respected.
Let the nineteen Cantons know, tbat they may at
all times depend on the-lively interest which I feel
in their welfare and that I shall at all times be
ready to give them proofs of my protection and
friend Ship."
" I pray to God, T.tandamman, to have you in
his holy keeping.
"From the Palace of the Thuilleries,.Decetn.
ber 14, 1813. . •

(Signed)

" NAPOLEON."

NAMES OF THE EXTRAORDINARY COMMISSIONERS
APPOINTED BY THE DECREE OF DEC. 26.
(See Yesterday's Paper.)

MILITARY DIVISIONS. • COMMISSIONERS EXTRAORDINARY.
2. Mezieres
3 Nletz ...Chasset, Senator.
4. Nancy. Coleteen, Senator.
5. Strasbourg
6. Besancon , De Valence, Senator.
7. Grenoble De St. Vanier, Senator.
8. Toulon Gantheaurne,Couneillor of State.
9. Montpellier— Pelet, Councillor of State. .
10. Toulouse Caliarelli, Councillor of State. .-
11. Bouideaux liarnier, Senator.
12. Rochelle Missy d'Anglas, Senator.
13. Rennes • .. . -_Canclaux, Senator'.
14. Caen 1 atour-Maubourg, Senator.
_ ..

15. Rouen Montesquieu, Senator.

.
IC. Lille ' Villemanzy, Senator.
18. Dijon
19. Lyons Chaptal, Senator.
iti. Perigueux..... De l'Apparent, Senator.
2 I . Bourges De Seinonville, Senator.
22. Tours I ecouteux, Senator.
24. Bruxels •....Pontecoulant, Senator.

23. Liege .he Peluse, Senator.
5'16. Mayence

81A1TRES DES REQUETES, OR AUDITORS WHO AC-
COMPANY TilE COMMISSIoNERS.
Mail. Div. •
• 2.
3.
4.
5.
Aubernou, Auditor.
7 .
8.
9.
10.
1 l
1-2
13.
14.
_ 15.
16.
Ctiapclier, Auditor.
• uauwa=or.
21.
2?. 1 ecuuteulx, Auditor.
24.
-•.
25.
2ti
(Signed) - - NAPOLEON.

S TAT E PA PE R.

COPY OF A NOTE TRANSMITTED BY THE COUNT DE
CAPODISTRIA, A\ND THE CHEVALIER DE LF.BZET-:
TERN, TO HIS EXCELLENCY THE LANDAMMAS OF

SINITZSRL AND.

The undersigned have just received orders from
their Courts to make the following Declaration
to his Excellency the Landamman of Switzer-
land :

" Switzerland had for many ages enjoyed an
independence, fortunate for -herself, useful to her
neighbours, and necessary to the maintenance of
a political equilihrum. Those scourges 01 thy
French Revolution, the wars which for twente
years have sapped to the very fdundations the pro-
sperity of all the States of Europe, had aot spared
Switzerland.

Agitated in her interior, enfeebled by the
vain effort to escape from the baneful influence
of a devastating torrent, Switzerland saw herself
deprived, by little and little, of those bulwarks
essential to the preservation of her independence,
by France, who cailed herself her friend. The
Emperor Napoleon ended by establishing upon
the ruins of the Swiss Federation, and under a
title till then unknown, a direct permanent influ-
ence incompatible with the liberty of the Re-
public ; that ancient liberty, so respected by all
the Powers of Europe, and which was the guaran-
tee of the ties of friendship which Switzerland
had continued to. preserve with them even to the.
epoch of her subjection, and which is the prin-
cipal condition of the neutrality of a State.
" The principles which animate the Allied So-
vereigns in the present war are well known.--
Every nation which has not lost the remembrance
of its independence ought to avow them. These
Powers desire that Switzerland should recover,
together with all Europe, the enjoyment of this
first right of every nation, and with her ancient
frontiers the means of sustaining this right. They
cannot admit of a neutrality, which, in' the actual
relations of Switzerland, exists only in name.
"The armies of the Allied Powers, in present-
ing themselves upon the frontiers of Switzerland,
expect to meet with none but friends. Their Im-
perial and Royal Majesties solemnly engage them-
selves not to lay down arms before they en-
sure to the Republic those places. which Fra'nce
has torn from it. Without any pretension to
intemetidle with her interior relations, they will
never suffer that Switzerland should be placed
under foreign influence.
" They will recognize her neutrality on that
day on which she shall be free and independent ;
and they expect from the patriotism of a brave na-

tiOfl that, faithful to the principles which ill
rendered them illustrious in past ages, they I,`,
secfinfl.the noble and generous efforts which shoilliq
unite for the smile cause all the SoYereigns a
nations of Europe.
" The undersigned, in making this communi"
cation, feel-it their duty to acquaint his )'Ce
ii
lency the Landamman with the proclamation sit
order of the. day which the Commander in Ch
le
of the Grand Army will publish aCtile moment (3'
the army entering the Swiss territory.
" His Excellency, will find them conform
to the sentiments which their Imperial and .110Y3
Majesties bear towards the Confederation. .; •
" The Undersigned, gcc.'

MAILS.
ARRIVED-1 'Waterford. Due-1 Malta, 4 Gottenbtlre4

2 Gum nsey,,2 Jersey, 1 Dublin.

PRICE OF STOCKS '
TUTS DAY AT TWELVP O'CLOCK.
C0n5015...,.... 65i 661 owilitim 164 lei

•
HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORI:10'4,
Morning, 48 minutes after 3. I Evening, 130 minutes after

THE SUN.

SOLEM QUIS !MERE FALSU:q AIMEAT

LONDON,
FRInelY, J_INZLIRY 7, 1814.

We continue our extracts from the French PPP
—they are of the same doleful and desperate
tore, of the same intermediate character bet" <<o
terror,and phrenzy with those of yesterday. te
Journal de Paris, conducted by a must intiol3
tool-of F; BVONAPART'S (Mr. REAL) speaks °Ol
i;
more plainly than either the Tyrant himself 01.1)1,
official myrmidons. This exhortation to re'v
ante is a singular piece of I,vorlimanship—it
braces no one topic which could rouse a freeinv
or a patriot to take up.arms. There is not to!
shadow of au attempt to spew that the Peolae,i
France have any thing to lo3e but—their ,Empera.
Precious object for which- to sacrifineinaTe fit-'
and endure ag.gravatetl miseries! For 8u05A061,4
the canting Monk of the present hour ; bat

bloody Usnrper of tire past. For BouNArAr-oi
" the bead whom they have 4hosen,"--we 1,4
the assertion. 1A faction chose him, awl 11151• 4
ambitious act put the Win into his 'Lana : of
tV
people of-France he was' no more se!ectecl P 35 ":fr,
Ruler than were the Brissotines,
,the Robc;10,
riennes, or any other of •the demagogues, O,
for a longer or shorter period of time, a 0
neered over that unhappy country. TVI. off
in their turns—the bubbles floated ton
stream of corruption, .burst ,and • soul' ri•
he is only the Lit and greateit of these
--.•:sr.
.(
disappearance is at band, and let us not
even the. degraded population
,of Franco
belied by the accusation, that they wish to :tor
port him on the surface. Hoist the
Flag, and afford them the opportunity of o°,l.
Of BUONAPARTF. say, tts you must—
"lf such a One be fit to govern, speA"— 'OO
and the universal answer of France be, tD
language of the same inspired Bard—

. Fit to goverh!
No, not to live.-0! nation'miserable,

With an untitled Tyrant, bloody sceptred,
Wava
ils'
But shalt thou see thy wholesome days agai?
1,06
But even the Alinior.s of the Despot o'4
dare not appeal to the people. They feel that
people have no common cause with thciv
they rail at the moderation of the
",feigned," because they see that it has reco,o
the Nation in some measure to a sense of its
rights. They speak not, they think not
people. It is for their own preservatio"lr;ll
bawl out so lustily, and bowl the apt" of
of danger. It is for the preservtitl°ll 0.43
their Leader, in whose fortunes their acr
arc bound up, but which is no way cu 1411,,
ed with the welfare of France, that they s°
eerely and passionately yell Out tho
shout c‘ Help us, or we perish !" Indeed tbo
tie
strangely explicit on this subject, as 31103 4ev.g
rally are who feel genuinely interested ittSs
•
they say—
" What class of society (they exclaim) would be ;o''
What would be the conditiou of those who have ac.ittire sot
tional prolv•rty—.2chose titles are interwarell with ripe 5.54 ;1111,4
Of the Goetrnateat ? What would become of ail "03
who have loved and served their country,,awl ja":ifill
addresses, have manifested their attuchmead to the IMi
Dpnasty ? What would he 'the lot of the Public Fu~a
Ot'
:tries, awl of all those whom eoutidiurce in the G'i cer,frticr
has brought barlc to their houses, and who owe to
vernment, which has held out to those a helping l'3t-'
and fidelity ?"

Aye ! what would become of your zwirL
Emperor and all his assaslluatin, STlt'')Pte-5
What would become of all the pillage tbtli
amassed by fraud and violence ? What %Ow' pits
come of the titles assumed by Galley Si've6 Aot4
convicted Felons, and whipped Scoundrels'
branded Thieves ? Oh I Frenchmen , fly t° 910.
or your Corsican Treasure will he reduced
original insignificance—fly to arms, 0r Pdal.s6ofr
ment will fall upon bin' and his re d
ciates—shed more of your' blood, IcU ill°

l

a

11

!I

VI

rd

Al

ll

i

Y"nr etifirdn .tcs .ptrditioti, • devote yourselves
a" al that is yours to misery, and wret.c„betl-
- 'an I death,' that yon may, Confirm
Ilsurped Throne, and establish in the, secure en,
jnYmeat of the greatest blessings of temporal for-
tune, the most. atrocious Gang of Ruffians that
Ever, through the commission of matchless crimes,
pierce' fi'om obscurity or ignominy to the splen-
dours of rank awl dignity of power ! But even
tids appeal ill:, fail of Moving the French people
'for has not a Royal BouasqN assured them
that Property and the national interests shall be
resPeeted on his restoration ? and has not the SOn
O.NASSAU practically shel.vn them, that a Mo-
11areb, who really loves his people, can forget and
forgive all their errors, when returning virtue-
that-its them again for his own ?
No !, the People of France will no longer place
ectifidence in the mouths which have deceived
.t4lll to their u,uloing—they- will trust no more
the lying or4les which haveleci them to the-brink
destruction. The Address' of the Allied
Will and must; On the contrary, have all
that effect upon ahem which the slaves of BUONA-
,tAaTE strenuously deprecate, so horribly dread.
!-`1 of this Address, ton, these New Dignitaries
,°ll;Plain with all the affected resent4ment of must
timiisgiluyiitnsduitedPrinees. F°r-shanle'
say
they,
ye
Rlmieut% Sovereigns of Europe, to apply your ar-
Igs, that the
Kit Did ever that friend 'to
ATE that-great Emperor Btro-
-I(`'af privAnel:ut- such a heinous offence against
6eB and Monarchical rights ?
Look b..{.
k
,
ia,,few years to a Proclamation is-
34ed.by thi
s .-WONAPARTE---

ni)

iii
%vted
11'4

t
cir3.4°

Mutato nowine de to
Paliala narrator.

at i'ej
.
;LOr'

01:
t
Atlll'4'
dot

[if
• IV"

ier"

aool-
too

11
c 10,
1,6 P

IccrtOo
00-
CIO#P

i ID thc

" imperial Head-quarters, at Sch"zsrunn'
May, 1809, (Frankfort, 1814.)
r " liungarians I f (Frenchmen) the moment or
ec"e'ing your independance is arrived ; I offer
I,l4lree the inviolability of your Territory, of your
1 44', aid of your Constitution ; whether the
4tter shall remain as it now subsists, or whether
tt shall be modified 14 yourselves,
ter its , 1 . . in such a 'ma-
i. i we spirit-of times and the interests of your
:`l°A. Citizens may appear to you to rcytEre• I
naut nota hing from you ; I desire only to see you free
and independent nation. Your connexion
ith Austria. (IitioNAPARTE) has been for you
b
bps "fortunate. For that 'connexion your Mood'
often flowed in distant lands, and your
(learest interests have constantly been sacrific-
e°
t°
(Fu those of the hereditary Austrian States
e 0„ usurper
i,
1, - I.Jsurper of your throne). You have
"e" made the victim of paSiinaa which to Y44'l"
vortre altogether
Inction of national
fotei.m You possess the vlis-
i\l‘tzt , you are illaty
tnate • manners attd a national Lan-
ge
of your ancient and
as , ti"s origin. Resume, then, your existence
1,110 ''ati'rl• Have a King of your own choosing,
the 86811 Overt) you only, Who shall ,reside in
fili(lst of you, who shall be surrounded
onl h
Thy -5` yonr ov,Tn Citizens 'and SOldiers.-!--
s, Hungarians, (Frenchmen), is what ail
ur°Pe. Whose eyes are now turneil upon yov,
expects from yott.. This IS ALSO REQUIRED OF
1." IV? ME.

ha.
f " An eternal peace, col mereival relations, a
:10 Pli rQnfirnica: independence—Such is the high reward
tbatli that 'awaits you, if you be ixt;rthy Of your kl,nces7
11,.-. 'trt lors anti of yourselves. ,
c'o
lii Pt! " You will net reject this frank and generous
rec
_OO beer; you will no longer shed your blood fur
its Pue Weak Princes (upstart Tyrants). Assemble, then,
of -t , ,
.cf .a d National Diet, according to the custom of
_
In di Your forefathers, on the plains of Racos (in the
010 1 , ti
Pr or -.'ainp de Mars), and let me know your tke-
tioli 6 tiiion.
" NAt'ot.noN."
0
ir '
~,,ce With the slight alterations we have inclosed in
o''''6w Darentlieses, this, Proclamation might pass tole-.
59 04 1.4b1Y Ott. in Prance at this good hour. With the
op, 4 I)eonit,; is ,
ot
~,,. the option—a BOURBON, peace, inte-
cll4.oe 'bLitY, and the return of their imprisoned sons—or
~,- •
a CozKi
:Ii 140)0 1 eau Adventurer,
iti I le3td of sawa war, itivasion, and un-
""ees—for it is true, that if they ad-
" ' i here.)," to . the latter, and not otherwise, 'all, the.
soc"r .I.e. reti
eirt:4;o7o tventell tl.re liable to a joint responsibility for all the
s of
e e'vik 0,4 • the last tvvenfy years."
itiZt
~ c et " Quidquid delirant lieges pleetuntnr Achivi."
• .44)‘ 1
10
.40
fie-. ir
Fo„eV.°
001
,ver't
II; 60;
Li
,3„"il' /

)04
nrc!cc`
llites
id be
tori
eve' fl
els,

rr,
to
t SSi
AO-
of
ilWre

•
ti Wc
have an amusing contrast drawn between
a e conduct of BUONAPARTE at Vienna and- the
:PPoort.d conduct of the Allies, should they march
:),.1-laris
, and there dictate terms. 4, Did he
\l'itin:gApaarE) ever ask the people to forsake their
~,..civerei", 1,
b 1 ' I---read the above Proclamation to the
tlngarians! But it is no matter what he did—
ile is beacon to be shinned, and not an* exam-
ie a
t° be followed. In all his aggressions he pre-
lendt .1
. to have the interests of the p p
eole at heart,
aeq now the buse poltroon sets up a claim to the
!ect;ons of Princes, because he did not touch
vletti 'while he filled their teiritories with desola-
Itl°ll' Hypocrite ! he talks as if every 'Monarch
el'e like hiniself—as if effery legal Sove-
tti
g'i possessed the feelings of an VsurPer—as
..k.

if tli6y only regardtd theii personal interests,
and not the interests of their country ; as if their
affections were, all centered in self, and they had
not one spark of pity for .the sufferings, or one
wish for the happiness df their subjects. But
France may trust the Allies, that notwithstanding
this invidious and suppositious coniparisdri, they
will act, at least, with as great a regard to jus-
tice at Paris as BUONAPARTE did at Vienna, and
greater regard to mercy than he evinced in the
massacres in 'Venice, Milau, Switzerland, or even
in Madrid !

Were the subject not too grave for laughter,
there is something inexpressibly ludicrous in the
following paragraph of the appeal lof the Journal
de Paris ---L" Let ui figure to ourselves the hor-
rors of the convulsions which would arise from
such a state of things. Our public monuments
would be mutilated. The master-pieces of art.
which we possess would gall into the hands of bar-
barians ; they would strip our Museums of those
sublime productions of genius, the' fruits of our
victories, and objects of etenal jealousy to our

enemies."

What, would the owners recover their stolen pro.-
perty ? Would the paintings of RAPHAEL find
their way hack to Rome ?, Would the horses of

Genoa again adorn that city, its proudest orna-
ments ? Would the Vatican resume its pictorial
and sculptured splendours ? Would the minor
Princes of Italy have • restored to
.them.-
those Masterpieces of Art of which -they were
robbed in defiance of decency and of law,
whether human or divine ? Oh grievous loss
people of Franee, ye have lost your sons,
but suffer not the loss of the Belvidere
Apollo. People of France, ye leave had your
daughters prostituted as rewards to the ser-
vants of a Tyrant, but beware lest the Venus
de Medicis leave Paris for the Cabinet of its ori-
ginal owner. People•of France, slavery and de-
gradation is your portion—guard in safety to
adorn your State all the trophies of the rapine and
plunder of your oppressors. 'Look at least gay
and fine, in the midst of anguish and•suffering.
We have a Mr.,MtlatAnn'i account of the first
warlike operations on the' left of the 'Rhine.—
. This valiant &Aorta has sabred same thousand
men, at the expellee of eight or ten.

German and Dutch Papers furnish us with
some intereving extracts, but add no ►uaterial
fActst to our stock of '•formation.

In our last Page ‘ti.l be found an important
Document from Sir JOHN DOWNIE, whose
and zeal and courage have done so much in the
cause of the Peninsula, and whose representations
to the Cortes will, we trust, meet all the consider-
ation they merit.

Letters yesterday, both from Rostock and Bre-
men, state it as a Positive fact, that peace had
been concluded between Denmark and the Allies,
on the condition of the surrender of Norway to
Sweden. The Bremen papers do not mention
this.

Yesterday mornipg his Royal. Highness the
Duke of CLARENCE lett town to proceed to Hol-
land'. At an early hour, yesterday morning, the
numerous family of his Royal Highness, with a
few select •friends, were assembled at the Duke's
apartments, in the Stable-yard, St. James's Pa-
lace. At a quarter before .eight o'clock, after
taking an affectionate leave of all preseni, he
stepped into his new travelling carriage, acconi-
panied raaj. STIGARS, and drove off on his way.
to Deal. He was followed by another new travel-
ling carriage, in which were four attendants. His
Royal Highness was engaged to dine with Admi-
ral FOLEY at Deal. This day, ‘slibuld the wind
be favourable, he will embark in the_ Pactnlus

per last.

frigate.
The Lady Frances packet, which has arrived at'
Harwich from Helvoetsluys, met the Erebus
slOop, on Tuesday, under the Dutch land ; bitt
with the wind against her . making Helvoet. It
was supposed, however, that Lord CASTLEREAGH
would be enabled to proceed in a Dutch pilot
schuyt, and to get on shore next day.
'l'he British head-quarters were still at Klundert
on the .28th. Some reinforcements had arrived ;
and among the rest, a detachment of horse at til-
lery, which had excited by the excellence of its
equipment the admiration of the Dutch iu no com-
mon degree.
Onithe 6th of December the Austrian head-
quarters in the North were at Vicenza. In the
South, General Nugent had 14ockade,1 Venice by.
land. Palma Nuova was about to he bombarded ;
and Zara, in Dnlmatia, had been taken, with Gen.
Roiza and 1800 men.
'The French entrenched camp was almOst within
view of Breda.. The attack of this camp, which
the enemy have fortified, will probably be severe ;
but, with due skill on the part of the Allied "Ge-.
nerals, it may be' the instrument of the fall of
•AntwLrp, and with it of the whole range of the
frontier fortresses. The French have obviously
set the game upon a single throw, by venturing
on its construction ; they have weakened their
garrisons to supply it with troops; and it was re-
ported,, that no more men were left in Antwerp
than were sufficient for the daily,gnards.
About 19 tranlport,, with 200 Q cavalry of the
King's 'German Legion on board, have arrived at
Williamstalt since our last toter, and have there
been disembarked. At the same time arrived also
the Friendship transport at Rotterdam, with 180
Dutch Officers, forming a portion of .tht* pri-
soners, natives of these provinces, .that were in
Eng,land.

NAVAL NEWS:

PLYMOUTH, JAN. s.—ltine in tie Felicity
French chaste inaree, with wine, &c. from Boor-
dcaux, prize to the Telegraph schooner. Airived
the Invincible, and not the Indus; from Ports.;
mouth, as stated yesterday.

PCniTSMOUTH3 JAN. 6.—Arrived his Majesty's
ships Snap and Misletoe with a convoy from the
Eastward; Sailed the Poictiers man of war tp
the Downs.

FALMOUTH, JAN. 4.—Arrived the Sealark
schooner, of 12 guns, with a fleet Of transports
from Passage, last' from Scilly ; among them are
the Ann, Pheasant, and Tribley, also a large
galliot, under French colours, prize to his Ma-
jesty's ship Telegraph. Sailed the Queen Char-
lotte packet with a mail for Corunna, and Os.
borne packet with a mail for Corunna, Cadiz,
Gibraltar, an Malta ; also the Hazard, LE CEO-.
MIER, for Passage.

DEAL, JAN. 6.—Came down from Sheerniss
the Orestes frigate, and remains with the ships as

LIVERPCOOL, JAN.s.—Arrived the Hope, MIL-
LER, trout Jamaica ; sailed from Berinudv. Dec. 7,
in touipany with the Susannah, Ross, Jaue,
DICK, and Swan, IRWIN, for this Port ; the
Hugh Crawford for Belfast, and Endeavour for
London, with several others, names unknown,
under, convoy of his Majesty's ships Conflict,
Dolphin, and Abundance store-sh;p, and parted
from them Dec. 10. Sir JOHN BORLASE WARREN
was daily expected at Bermuda. The Georgiana
South Sea whaler, that was taken by the Essex
frigate, is retaken. The President, from St. Lu-
cia for Bermuda, is taken and sent into Sammah

EXTRACT OP A LETTER FROM SIR GORE OUSELEY,
DATED GEHRAN, NOV. 22,1812 (PRINTED AMONG
INTERCEPTED CORRESPONDENCE, IN AN AMERI-
CAN PAM) •
" In March last, I concluded a Definitive Treety
with the Shah, by which the paramount influence-
of the English at this Court is, I crust, ensured •
for ever. 'Ere this my brother Sir William has
reached England with it ; and he probably, before
I reach home, will: have given his researches to
the world. I sent him into Mazinderan, on the
banks of the Caspian, and gave him every oppor-
tunity, while with me, of rooting up such preei.;
ons remains of antiquity as yet are allowed to exist
.by the present race of barbarians ; buti. much
fear that there is little to he seen 'ill Persia which
can properly be called antique, except the Ruins
of Persepolis, and ef.another ancient city (name
unknown), near Murghat, and the tomb of Solo-
mon's-mother. The characters and sculpture in
both the above arc evidently coeval ; the former,
as yet undeciphered, are the arrow-headed cha-
recters,.-delineated iu Beuyn, Nempfer, Chardin,
eed ether travelleia. • - -
There arc a set of sculptures and inscriptions
to be found in Persia. in tolerable good pres,!b.rva-
tion, front 12 to 1500 years old, 'all appertaining
to the Saasaman dynasty of Persian Kings, cut tut
the- native rock, near Persepolis, et Shafer,
tan, Ochre!), Shezaz, and other placeS, but as far
as I have been able to decipher them, they do not
contain more than De Sails has very ingeniously
given to the world. The langtatge is old Persian,
and the 'character I'ehlevi. The sculptures are
very spirited, and as Shafer (Sapores) conquered
the Roman Emperor Valerian, it, is more than
probable that he made some of the captive Greeks
or Romans exert their talents to immortalize him.
" The more modern remains scarcely, deserve
notice, except as proofs of the magnificence of the
Shangizian Princes, and those of the Seileve dy-
nasty. Some of the former, of six or seven hen-
tired years standing, surpass any structure of the
present day, and migrhiateidfling.expence be re-.
paired. But, unfortunately; it'is not the fashion
to repair or finish the buildings of other Princes,
and therefore the most beautiful mosques, pa-
laces, and baths of Shah Abbas, Tahnias, and
others, are gradually giving way to the temporary
structures of the liajars, built with sun-burnt
bricks, and totally devoid of taste and conve-
nience.
" In short, the sun of Persia has set : science
is confined to the modest few : the arts are to-
tally lost, and there is not public spirit. or munifi-
cence enough to encourage the revival of thenn I
Wave been greatly disappointed, as you may ima-
gine, having conceived so much more exalted an
idea of Persia, from their own books, even after
making every.allowance for the favourite figure of
the Persians, hyperbole. The climate, too. has
disagreed with me, and all. the Gentlemen of my
mission, so that I have been obliged to solicit his
Royal Highness the Prince Regent's gracious per-
mission to allow me to return to England in the
spritag.of 1814."
•
