THE SUN, LONDON, SATURDAY, A PHIL '25, 1840.

tionate benefit, it has been thought better to let the
work go quietly forward, and dispense with Or^ ceremo-
nial altogether. Accordingly, it has been resolved to
commence the superstructure without any further de-
lay, and on Monday next the work will begin. It is
anticipated that, by the end of the present. year, the
port4m of the buliding above described will be from 15
to 20 feet above the surface of the gr

MONEY MARKET and CITY NEWS.

EVENING.
CIIRONICLE.—The English Stock Market was
somewhat depressed towards the close of the business, but
the transactions were by no means extensive.
We find ouiselees called upon, in the discharge of our
public duty, to notice another act of indiscretion commit-
ted by our contemporary, the Times, in his City article
of this morning, on the subject of the stamp duty on
powers of attorney at the Bank. " iieretofore," he says
" such instruments have been freely used, with no other
tax than a fee of I. Gd. to the clerk by whom they were
made out, but it is now discovered that such exemption
from stamp duty is contrary to law." This is truly a
grand discovery equal almost to that of a second Popish
plot—but, unfortunately for our contemporary, it is not
correct. He has got hold of only a very small
portion of the truth, arid, from his eagerness
to find ground for abusing the Government and the
Bank, he has been betrayed into the committal of a very
laughable mistake. Powers of attorney, executed by
British subjects resident in the United Kingdom, have
never been used or sanctioned for the purpose of the
sale or transfer of stock, or fur receiving dividends, unless
duly executed upon a 20:i, sheet of stamp paper; but
such deeds, when required for foreigners, or British sub-
jects resident abroad, were held to be exempt from the
operation of the stamp laws. The point having lately
come under the consideration of the law officers of the
Crown, they saw no ground for this exemption, and in-
ati uct:ons were accordingly transmitted to the Bank that
all powers of attorney used for the above-mentioned pur-
poses should be executed on paper stamped according to
law. 'Whether the rule is to be enforced against powers
of attorney which have been used and acted upon we arc
not prepared to say, but it is out of this very simple affair
that our contemporary has found materials for insinuating
that the Government have had recourse to as ex post. facto
law, and that they were mixed up with the Bank autho-
rities in a mean, " dirty trick," unworthy of any public body.

TIMES,—The order at the Bank adverted to yester-
day, for subjecting to stamp duty powers of attorney for
the receipt of dividends or transfer of stock, should be un-
derstood as applying only to those issued abroad, as in the
horn.; powers a stairp is always used, but that involves a
very large number of persons whose limited incomes having
driven them from England in search of a cheaper resi-
dence, can ill afford such a tax ; and what was said of the
retrospective part of the measure is perfectly correct, as
all old powers must receive the stamp before they can be
again used. It is affirmed that the allowing such powers
to be used without being stamped, was a breach of the law
on the part of the Bank, and that they may possibly be
made to account to the Government for all such powers,
but this is probably an error, though the nature of the
order upon which the new regulation is to be enforced has
not been made public. Indeed, so unsettled has been the
course of action with respect to it, that it is said some
foreign powers of attorney, upon which action was refused
in the early part of the day, were afterwards passed.
By the advices from Hamburg!' the price of gold is 429
per mark which, at the English Mint price of 3/. 17s. 100.
the ounce fur standard gold, gives an m hange of 13.7,
and the Exchange at Hamburgh on London at short being
13.6., it follows that gold is 0.47 per cent. dearer at Ham-
burgh than in London.

The premium on gold at Paris is 8 per mille, which, at
the English Mint price of 31. 17s. 101-4. the ounce for
standard gold, gives an exchange of 26 35, and the ex-
change at Paris on London at short being 25.30, it follows
that gold is 0.20 per cent. dearer at Paris than in London.
The course of exchange at New York on London is
1034 per cent., and the par of exchange between England
and America being 109 23-40 per cent , it follows that
the exchange is 1.32 per cent. against England.
This has been another day with scarcely any fluctuation
in the prices of English funds.

There was no material alteration in the rates of exchange
to-day on foreign places. The price on Paris rather in-
clined downwards. Hamburgh, on the contrary, was rather
looking up. Amsterdam was as nearly as possible the
same as last post.
Private letters from Palermo, to the 11th inst. inclu-
sive, mention that on the 9th the rumours of an approach
ing blockade were daily gaining ground, and several
people seemed in hourly expectation of the English fleet.
Messina received a strong garrison, which was transported
by steam frnm different points, and numbered 14,000 or
16,000 men ; there was also a strong detnchment at Tra-
pani. Although on the 10th preparations for defence were
continuing, and the King was expected in Siely in less
than a fortnight, a report was prevalent that the sulphur
contract was annulled, or at any rate on the point of
being so.

O: her letters, however, received from Naples by an
eminent commercial house in the city positively mention
that the King had yielded all the essential points regarding
the sulphur contract, and, though some minor points re.
mained for adjustment, no further difficulty was anti-
cipated.

SUN.—In the Foreign Exchanges there was this af-
ternoon no alteration of moment from the rates ob.
tamed on last post-day.
We take the opportunity of correcting an error of
a very simple, but at the same time, considering the
pains taken by the writer to expatiate upon its injurious
tendency, a very ridiculous nature. The Times of to-
day contains a statement under the head of " Money
Market," to the effect that the Directors of the Bank
of England bad made an alteration in the Stamp Duty
chargeable upon powers of attorney for receiving
dividends, and inve:ting on behalf of parties residing in
distant parts of the United Kingdom. The fact is
that such powers of attorney always have been charged
11, Is. 6d., while those received from parties residing
abroad only paid is. 6d. each. In future the same
amount of stamp duty wi♦l be levied on both.

The Pacific Steam Navigation Company, which has
just launched one of its vessels, has in view such impor-
tant objects, that we cannot refrain from briefly calling
attention to them. By means of its steamers, the whole
coast of South America will be navigated in the shortest
possible period, and when the Government mails shall
have been established as fur as the Isthmus of Panama,
we shall have news from our Australian colonies by this
route in the short period of three months. The
pany have exclusive privileges from the South Ameri-
can Republics, which, however objectionable in many
cases as savouring of monopoly, was in this instance in-
dispensable to the prosperity of the undertaking, one of
the boldest and most important of the present day.
The Stock Market is very heavy again. Consols
closed at 90i for Money, and at 91 to 90i for the Ac-
count. In other Securities there was very little done
this afternoon.

The Foreign Bonds were most of them lower. The
French Five per Cent. Rentes dropped to and
the Three per Ccnts. to 83 ; Spanish Actives continued
heavy at 9. ; Colombian Bonds were at 251 ; Bra-
zilian declined to 751 ; the Dutch Five per Cents.
were steady at 1001 ; and Neapolitan Stock rose to
1031.

A good but not an extensive business was trans-
acted to-day in the Railway Shares, but in prices there
was no particular alteration. The Shares which brought
a pren ium were the Great Western 161 ; the New
; the Manchester and Leeds 21 ; the New 11 ; the
North Midland 21; and the New 121. The Brighton
were at 9 ; the Great North of England at 121 ; and
the Midland Counties 6 discount.

London Joint Stock aink Shares were at 211 premium.

SPIRIT of the PUBLIC JOURNALS.

FROM THE MORNING JAPERS Or THIS DAT.
( From the Morning Chronicle.)
When the Whigs were called upon, in 1830, to resume
the reins of Government, which had dropped from sheer
feehlen,:ss and exhaustion from the hands of their Tory
predecessors, the three great principles to which they
pledged themselves, in the face of the people of England,
were—" peace, retrenchment, and reform." How the
twc latter pledges have been fulfilled, let the reduction of
six millions of annual taxation, the great measure of Par-
liamentary Reform, the abolition of slavery, the removal of
corporate abuses, the Poor-law amendment, the introduc-
tion of Poor-laws into Ireland, the commutation of tithes,
the opening of the East India trade, the registration of
births and marriages; and the penny postage, answer for
themselves. With regard to the former, they have equally
fulfilled their pledge to the country ; and notwithstanding
the taunts and scoffs, and lying prophecies of the Tory Press,
have succeeded up to the present moment in preserving un-
impaired the honour and interests of England, and at the
same time in averting the calamity of a general and de.
stn ctive war. Let us consider for a moment what was
meant by this celebrated pledge of " peace" given by the
Whig Government. It was neither meant nor understood
as a Quaker-like renunciation of the right of at ms, or de-
termination to submit implicitly to every insult and injury
which China, Naples, or any petty state or despot might
be pleased to inflict upon us. It was meant by the Go-
vernment, and understood by the nation, simply as a pledge
to avoid wanton hostilities—a pledge to pursue, as far as
practicable, an honourable, upright, conciliatory, and pa-
cific policy; and a tribute to that moral feeling, one of the
noblest products of modern civilization, which has at
length taught men to look upon war in its true light, as a
crime and curse if unjust, and even if just, necessary, and
successful, as a heavy misfortune,
( From the Morning Bernie!.)
By the latest accounts from Ireland, there would appear
to be a rapid increase in the number of outrages on the
persons and property of Protestants. While O'Connel is
bellowing treason in the Corn Exchange, the Itomish
peasantry are busied after their fashion, in testifying their
abhorrence of the English connection. These Popish
atrocities are gravely justified by the Ministerial journals
as being " natural consequences of Lord Stanley's Bill."
If Lor Stanley's Bill—instead of being, as it is,
one of the most beneficial measures ever brought be-
fore Parliament—were exactly such a Bill as the O'Con-
nellites declare it to be, still the conduct of Ministers
in virtually justifying and abetting each successive viola-
tion of the law by Papists, on the plea that Papists are an
oppressed class would, in better times than the present,
have subjected these Ministers to impeachment, The
Papists of Ireland are, in melancholy truth, a turbulent,
treacherous, rebellious race. They are not to be civilised,
nor reconciled to the Engliss alliance, until the temporal
power of their cunning and ferocious priesthood shall be
utterly broken down. Towards such men, " concession"
is the policy of folly. " Concession" strengthens their
means of doing mischief, hut never lessens their dispo-
sition to be mischievous. The fatal concession" of l 829
has enabled Irish Papists to rule Protestant England.
(From the Morning Advertiser.)
The House of Commons was chosen to do the business I
of the people—to make new laws where wanted—to ex-
punge or revise the old—to listen to the petitions of the I
people--to redress theirgrif,,,,,ce,s—to Uphold their rights
—and to maintain their character and honour with all fa-
reign powers; but h..ve these been the results of the an-
sion hitherto? Unquestionably not. A powerful but anti.

national party sprung up at the beginning of the session,
beaded by Lord Stanley, declaring its purpose to be " to
obstruct and to control" every measure emanating from
her Mjesty's Ow/eminent, or in any respect in accordance
with it, and with a perseverance and a malignity of purpose
unequalled in the annals of modern Lurope, most faithfully
did it adhere to its malevolent determination. What wee
the nation ti it, or the nation's interests, provided it could
" mar, and obstruct, and control," and throw odium on
her Majesty's Ministers ? hat signified it that the time
of Parliament should be wasted in useless debate, provided
it could, by its persevering opposition, obtain even the
prospect of a speedy accession to office ? Nothing—abso-
lutely nothing—office and its accompaniments of power
and patronage were the objects for which they hungered
and thirsted, and they were prepared to trample upon
everything in order to procure the so-much-wished-for
gratification.

(From the Morning Post.)
The Whigs have been in power—we mean they have
been in the Administration—for almost ten years. What
have they done ? What branch of civil or religious liberty
have they promoted. The system of representation has in-
deed been changed, but where is the public satisfaction
which it was so loudly vaunted would arise from it ? Wbero
is the contentment of the pcople—whcre the promised
confidence in the Representative Branch of the Legisla-
ture? Where is the telent—the energy the integrity,
which we were told would distinguish the House of Com-
mons as soon as the Whig revolution was effected ? Why,
in all these respects, the revolution has been a most mise-
rable and disgraceful failure. What, then, have the Whigs
done? How has liberty been advanced ? What improve-
ment has taken place in the condition of the people?
How has Great Britain advanced among the nations of the
world'? There has been nothing of the kind under the
mean and wretched, but still vain-glorious Government of
the Whigs.

(From the Times.)
Though somewhat late, we think it right to notice a
paragraph which appeared in the Globe of Tuesday, con-
taining a gross blinder, which is made the ground of a
charge of " insufferable oppression" on the part of the
Cork Conservative Association. The writer assumes the
1,408 frivolous and vexatious notices of the clerk of the
peacc, which he multiplies into " thousands," to be notices
of objection, whereas they are notices of claims—very likely
frivolous and vexatious, as many of them are sent in by
the Radical agents without the knowledge of the parties
themselves, and are often n,cre fishing notices, served in
three or even four and five capacities for the same indi-
vidual, in entire ignorance of what his qualfication may
be. The present law in Ireland requires no notice of
objection, and of course none are served. The Bill now
before Parliament renders such notice for the first time
necessary.

FROM THE DAILY PAPERS OF YESTERDAY.
(From the Globe.)
The Hon. E. J. Stanley has received from his con-
stituency a testimony of the respect in %liich he is de-
servedly held by the Reformers of North Cheshire, by
whom he was elected to a seat in the House of Corn-
mops. As a Member of Parliament, and as holding
an important post in the Government, he has shown
himseif to be unflinching in his principles and indefatiga-
ble in his exertions. The interchange of expressions of
confidence and regard between the represented and re-
presentative were not words of course, but meant what
they expressed. Mr. Stanley had been tested, and
had stood the proof ; his constituents recognised his
claims to their continued confidence, and pledged
themselves to support him, whenever the day of trial
should arrive. From the mesns of knowledge so
eminently possessed by Mr. Stanley, as to the posi-
tion and prospects of political parties, his observations
on this subject, at such a meeting, would naturally
excite, as they would not fail to deserve, attention.
It was, therefore, to the part of the Hon. Gentle-
man's speech which adverted to these topics we
looked, with the expectation of deriving information,
and were not disappointed—whether our gratification
will be shared by those who have indulged in predic-
tions, the children of these hopes, of a speedy change in
the Government, may be fairly questioned. On this
subject Mr. Stanley, alluding to the taunts of the
Tories respecting the small majorities by which the
Government is supported in Parliament,said,---.. Would
a Tory Government be likely to obtain a greater ma-
jority ? The Tories tried a vote of confidence at the
beginning of the session, and were defeated. They
tried again at the end of the session, and seemed not
more likely of success than before. Had they the con-
fidence of her Majesty ? They seemed to think that
of no consequence just now. There seemed to be no
prospect of a change of the Government. He believed
that the opinions entertained by her Majesty's Ministers
were the opinions of the great majority of the people,
and he believed and trusted that the people of this
country would not withdraw their support."

(From the Standard.)
The Whig-Radicals of North Cheshire had on Wed-
nesday a dinner meeting at Stockport, to promote the
interests of Mr. E. J. Stanley, one of the Secretaries
to the Treasury, and representative of the County
Division in Parliament. One Mr. Coppock occupied
the place of the Vice-President, and another Mr.
Coppock, the Mr. Coppock, we believe, who acted so
distinguished a part at the Ludlow election, exhibited
as a steward. This meeting derives some importance
from the fact that Mr. Stanley, its principal ob:pe-, is a
Treasury Secretary—an office which gives to its holder
a title to be considered as, in a particular manner, the
organ of the Government, inasmuch as he is high
enough in station to be acquainted with the sentiments
of his superiors, but not so high as to be at liberty to
entertain any independent opinions—at least to give
expression in public to opinions of which his superiors
are likely to disapprove. In this view Mr. Stanley is
a much better index to the sentiments of the Cabinet
than Lord Melbourne himself:
(From the Courier.)
We have received, from a source on which we can
place reliance, the following interesting particulars with
reference to the mediation of the French Government
between this country and Naples. It appears that his
Excellency M. Guizot, the French Ambassador, when
he received information of the rupture which had taken
place immediately repaired spontaneously to the Foreign-
office, and tendered the mediation of France between
the King of Naples and the British Cabinet. Lord
Palmerston is represented as having received this friendly
proposal with a becoming spirit ; and our informant
adds, that when the proposal was communicated to M.
Thiers, it met with the warmest approbation of that
Minister and of his colleagues. This condition, however,
we have reason to believe, among others, is stipulated
for by the French Ministry, namely, that the whole
negotiation relative to Naples shall be conducted by the
French Government alone ; they have demanded also
that hostilities should be suspended fortiiwi'h. The
promptness with which M. Guizot has come forward on
this occasion does not surprise us. His attachment to
this country is such as to induce him not to hesitate in
taking any step that may conduce to its prosperity com-
patible wills the honour and interests (f France, whose
Sovereign he represents, and whose interests he is
bound, primarily, to protect. It cannot but be gratify-
ing to the Protestant community of Great Britain to
know that M. Guizot is a Protestant, and is the only
French Protestant since the time of the Great Sully, who
has been sent to this country as Ambassador ; nor
can it be less satisfactory to feel, that the
character of this distinguished statesman is emi-
nent in Europe for probity and sincerity. It is
these qualities, added to his high and acknowledged
talents, which have possessed him with so great an in-
fluence over the enlightened portion of his countrymen.
We consider it as a piece of good fortune for this coun-
try, and, indeed, for France, that a statesman so gifted,
and so generally respected represents at this critical
time, the King of the French, at the Court of St.
James's. Having a strong conviction that the interests
of this country and of France are to be promoted by a
mutual good understanding, and being desirous of seeing
our alliance with France strengthened by a due regard
on either side to the honour, the rights, and the interests
ofits neigebour, we rejoice to see them represented on
the side of France by a guardian so judicious, and a
statesman so high-minded as M. Guizot.

CAMBRIDGE ELECTION C 331.

MITTEE.

The Committee met again yesterday at eleven.
Mr. John Newberry was called in and examined.
By Mr. AusTIN—I was a publican at Cambridge at the
time of the last election. I remember the last election.
Persons took refreshment at my house on the following
day. I should say there wore a couple of hundred. Many
of them were voters. I sent in a bill for the refreshments
to Mr. Twiss, in consequence of an advertisement I saw
in the papers. I went myself, and saw no one at that
time. I called there again, and I then gut a cheque for
101. from the clerk, Mr. Winter. I presented the cheque
at Mr. Fisher's bank. I got a 201. cheque after-
wards. I presented that r.lso at Mr. Fisher's, and got
it cashed. 1 received three or four months after
another cheque for 231. 10s. from Mr. Bishop. I went
to Mr. Bishop that time instead of Mr. Twiss, asking him
to advance the money till I got paid by Mr. Twiss. I
still owe that money to Mr. Bishop. He advanced me SINGULAR DEATH.--0; Thursday- an inquest
was held before Mr. Baker, at the Old George,
eAilehor and
the cheque on my showing him my bill. The bill was in
Mr. Bishop's care which I had got from Mr. Twiss. I Hope_aney.Wapping. on the body of Michael coal-
borrowed the money from Mr. Bishop. though I signed whipper, aged 4-5 years. The deceased was eatiengnleiyi; al.
a receipt for the payment of the bill. There were per. when he suddenly put his hand to his throat and fell backwards.' 'nner
they
the,,,,ay. . unfortunateo
could
have
maa n
posth ad
7bneoerni e
ienh choked
examination,
sons at my house on the nomination day who had refresh- The blood is,ued from his nostrils,mouthitnaenssdesu (,r e 0 andof
i iiiiiiafe thatw
sent. There were the band and flag-bearers, and I
os secondsi,..i:
ihrate pwiheaecse
acooie'uomldl:ent lo
t hatiileon,attbetimt pthi)ir:g
histo
Thes:,'ell eca\o'n.ryonoecresasaiiiol
occasion
f for
rie
it,ju jury
as w itsili,
eerde,
charged 10s. for their refreshment. There were no other
persons who did not pay. There is an item
for three barrels of ale drank on the nomination
had ill-used the least reason to suppose that any one
and chairing days. There were but 10i. worth given
was part
the
wheee persons had.
on the nomination day. There are 15s. for refreshments
to the band on the election day. The couple of hundred lie had met with several casts
been choked by small pieces of meat stick-
whohel gave drink to every one as he body of a woman who died while elatiinegdheinr dtihnener,,aassnadge.l tin
were at my house on the polling day began drinking in, in the throat. o
aonart e
at about nine o'clock.
came in. No one gave me directions to give the refresh- piece of gristly beef was
merits. A neighbour told me not to let them have any another case a child, the daughter lodged
surgeon, sr's,. suffocated
thing till they had voted. 1 charged for refreshments to while eating bread and butter. The father immediately ren-
-170 persons on that day, at ss. a head. There were, I rimed assistance, but it was too late ; next morning, on a post
believe, even more than that number. The people had mortem examination, a piece of bread the size of a pea was
beef, veal, ham, and drink. They did not bring tickets. found upon the epiglottis. Verdict" Accidental death.,
There is a ticket from Mr. Bishop for 155., given after News had been received at Odessa, from the
the election-6Y. They commenced drinking in the morn_ I Circassian coast, of the capture of one of the Bit..siau forts,
• and continued to drink till eleven at night. Some I which the gallant mountaineers had carried by
ing,
of them were drunk at five, and others at seven in the to the sword or making prisoners the whole of the garrison,
evening. I will not undertake to say that there were notassault, putting
! and obtaining possession of thirteen guns, and an immense
forty drunk during the day. I was out of my house walk. quantity of ammunition and wartike-stores.
.!n consesttence of.
Lug about, on the night before the poll-day. Ido not re this the preparations ter the spring eatripaagutcarrying on at
collect any of those who were with tee. r we., how; Sebastopol hart Leen ordered ton o complet!d.
.i h the ;greatest
on would, it was expected,
about two o'clock in the morning, and my
house was then put to sea much earlier than usual.
despatch, and the blockading sqdr
