HOLLAND AND BELGIUM.

AMSTERDAM, DEC. 11.—We have reci;ea the follow-
ing letter from the Hague, Dec. 10 :

" The London Conference has pronounced its final deci-
sion on the affairs of Holland and Belgium. The ac-
count of it has been brought here within these few days
from London. Four of the Powers represented at the
Conference have unanimously agreed to the stipulations
of the new arrangement, and are ready to insure the
execution of those stipulations by active co-operation.
France, it is true, has not joined in the resolution,
but can no longer oppose the positively expressed
wish of the other Powers, who urgently required
its assent, and it declared in the most positive and
explicit manner, that though it had reasons for not
signing the arrangement, it would however not op
pose in any way the execution of it. I subjoin the
terms of the new arrangement, and merely observe that his
Majesty's assent has not been officially asked, and conse-
quently not given, but that from the satisfactory answer
which his Majesty gave during the course of the late nego-
tiations to the communications that were privately made to
him, it may be presumed that the arrangement of the Con-
ference will meet with no opposition on our part.
In determinining the new stipulations, the London
Areopagus has constantly taken the treaty of the 24 ar-
ticles as the basis, and, with the exception of the modifica-
tions below stated, has confirmed it in every part. The
following are the heads of this new arrangement :
" 1. The stipulations of the Treaty of the 24 articles
relative to the division of the territory remain unchanged.
" 2. The stipulations of that Treaty relative to the
navigation of the Scheldt undergo a slight modification,
which relates merely to the pilotage.
3. Holland must renounce all claims on Belgium for
the arrear of the joint debt.
" 4. The sum of 8,400,000 francs per annum, which
Belgium was to pay to Holland as its share of the debt of
the kingdom of the Netherlands, is reduced to 5,000,000
francs per annum.

" 5. T. indemnify Holland in some degree for these sa-
crifices, it is relieved from the obligation of accounting to
Belgium for the proceedings of the Syndicate, and of re-
paying to it the balance of the loan of 68,000,000, which
remained in 1830 in the hands of that institution."
The reason which induced the Conference to resolve
considerably to lessen the Belgian portion of the debt is
chiefly this, that it has been considered that it was formerly
wrong in putting the Austro-Belgian and the French-Bel-
gian debt entirely to the account of Belgium.
With this resolution, as soon as his Majesty the King of
the Netherlands shall have given his assent to it, the
tedious question of Holland and Belgium may be considered
as closed,

If France, as we hope, is sincere—if it really intends,
though it
the does
Ili)
not sign the decision, to throw
impedi-
ment in way of its execution, there is nothing to pre-
vent the spevly establishment of a desirable understand-
ing beiwcon us and Belgium ; all the military preparations
and movements—all the declamations of the Belgians, will
hardly be able to de more than to defer this understanding
for a very short time. But if France was not sincere when
it deelared so expressly and eleaily through its representa-
tive at London its renunciation of all opposition to the exe-
cution of the new decision, then it will contrive to find a
good opporttknity to recall its word once given by a de-
cidedly expressed footing in the Chambers, as has been
secuin Belgium, and suffer another line of political con-
duct to be imposed, on. it..—Handetsblad.

AMU' ARY RUSSIA
MOVEMENT' S IN RUSSIA.
Lt wilt 07
4.(`-'flui from f),- 11°'
Art
ARIAN GALICIA, NOV. 23.
ill. -• , ...e southern provinces of Russia st.atit, shat
. autnorities, had every where been orderc.ci to call -out by
lanticipation the recruits for the outttingcnt of 1L39, and to
see that all was completed before the 10th of December.
Those recruits were to be marched to Kiew and thence

sent on to the different corps of the army of the south
Those letters differed as respected the number of men,
some rating it at 80,000 and others at 100,000, and others
still at 120,000.
The administration of the military colonies of Russia is
constantly forwarding large quantities of wheat to Kichenew,
to Kilia Nova, and Ismail, where extensive military stores
are now being established. Waggons, wheels, timber, cart-
wrights tools, and a great number of other articles for the
use of the artillery, are likewise collecting in those towns.
In short, the Russian Government reinforces the southern
army, and supplies it with sll the means of taking the field
at the first signal.
There is a fact, which would seem to indicate that those
preparations are making against Turkey. The twenty-
seven divisions of cavalry, quartered in the military colonies
I of Kherson, twenty-five of which are entirely composed of
light cavalry (Dragoons, Hussars, Hulans, and Lancers,)
have been directed to place their squadrons on the com-
plete war footing, whilst the two other divisions, consisting
entirely of Cuirassiers, have received no such orders.
The twenty-four battalions of reserve which were
hitherto under the command of General Alexander de
Witt, the Governor of the Military Colonies, are to con-
stitute the corps of reserve of the southern army, and to
be commanded by General Paskiewitach, who is expected
at Odessa and Kichenew in the beginning of December.
The 30,000 Austrian soldiers who lately arrived in Ga-
licia and Buckowina are to be formed into an army of ob., vation, which will shortly be increased to 80,000 men, and
commanded-in-chief by the Archduke Ferdinand of Este,
the Governor-General of Galicia.—Commerce.

PRUSSIA.
BERLIN, DEC. 3.—The five chief Presidents are still
here. There is no doubt that nothing but good can result
from the conferences of men in such high situations,
and so generally acknowledged as fully equal to their
vocations, and since they have been here the conviction
seems to gain ground, that the cure of the evil which has
led to the consultation, must be expected rather from
within than from without.
With respect to foreign affairs, it is probably the ques-
tion
of Holland and Belgium that chiefly engages the
attention of the Cabinet, and impartial decisions are ex-
pected here as fully as at Frankfort.

TURKEY.
CONSTANTINOPLE, NOV. 15..—The bomber of ships
that daily arrive from the Black Sea increases considerably,
and already far exceeds what it was in former years. In
general our maritime commerce is evidently becoming
(Bmore extensive. The new lighthouse in the Channel
ogase), which was lately erected at the expense of the
Government, exceeds all expectation; and is not inferior to
the best European lighthouses. The light is visible at the
distance of twenty marine miles. The news that there
have been two cases of plague at Smyrna is unhappily con-
firmed. The most prudent sanatory measures
have ac-
cordingly been adopted, and the quarantine regulations sae
shipw
very
recks. strictly enforced. We hear now of free Among other disasters is the loss of
the Belgian schooner, Philomene, which pr4rished in
a violent storm 150 miles from the coast of the Crimea.
Of the numerous crew only the pilot and tine sailor saved
themselves with great difficulty in a tine!! boat. They
drifted about for a week, exposed te, the storm and bad
weather, till they were picked up by a Turkish brim, which
took their' to Sinope, whenc4 tbr...'y have come hither in the
most deplorable condition.

IDEN AND RUSSIA.

i:ERLIN, Nov. 26.—A change has come over the dream
of King Bernadotte's ambition. I shall describe to you its
cause, and how seriously it has affected his policy. When
Bernadotte had been raised through his military p,
his power as Napoleon's Lieutenant, and the unnaturowessral
adoption of the Duke of Sudermania to the throne of Swe-
den, he long maintained his popularity by studying the
capricious wishes of a fickle nation, not as yet tired of its
new toy. But Bernadotte, wise as he is, flattered himself,
when he thought this ascendancy would last ; and, pru-
dent as he is, he ultimately did not avoid giving that of-
fence which the Kings of Sweden have so often expiated
in a bloody death.
• The Swedish polity consists of a nobility, and of a sort
of ticrs•etat, both equally factious. The nobles, who are
ca eedingly poor, are excited by their necessities to enter
upon a career which will satisfy their pride and their wants.
Whilst there are few prizes to be had in the way of office,
the nobles in crowds are devoting their lives to the lottery
of courtly ambition. When any Government has long
continued stable, the unsatisfied portion of the aristocracy
strive to subvert it, for which purpose they sometimes as-
sassinate their Sovereign, as they did Gustavus. Th 3 peo-
ple, equal in the eye of the law, are not loath to imitate
their superiors, and from time to time rise against the
Government, or their rivals, the nobility—sometimes sacri-
ficing, to vent their spleen or show their power, some great
dignitary, as when they tore to pieces Count Ferzen, during
the pageant of his rival's funeral. Such are the political
habits of the Swedes. On the other hand, Norway, a
richer country—torn from Denmark because she adhered
to France ; given to Bernadotte because he fought against
his native land—Norway, whilst it has added greatly to
the sway of the soldier-Kincr, has also brought great em-
barrassments with the gift. *Norway, profoundly derriocra-
tic, and long separated in her Government, will nr,t amal-
gamate with the more aristocratic Sweden. The kingdom
and the Government are still held distinct., whilst the
Storthings, by the out-pourings of their tepublieanisrn,
keep fanning that flame of democracy in Sweden wbich
undermines the throne which the Sovereign by the very act
of his ascent rendered of mere elective tenure. Amidst such elements of destructionthe divine right of
bon plaisir having passed from the King to the people, le
Roi le malt being now le peuple le veult—it is only by a
miracle that Bernadette has held on so long even by a sys-
tem of concession becomin.. every moment more galling to
his pride. But there (Ames a day when the most paternal
remonstrance grows into resistance, and the gentlest advice
is deemed offensively unpalateable by subjects as well as by
children, who have been too much humoured. An oppor-
tunity of proving this truth was found on the occasion of the
legal condemnation of a seditious writer against the Govern-
ment of the name of Crusenthorp. The population rose to
his rescue ; amidst violent turmoil, and with some blood-
shed, it was only after great difficulty, and during the
manoeuvres of the military called out to its assistance, that
the Government could convey secretly away to a. distant
stronghold the flagrant offender. From this moment all the
acts of the Government incurred the odium of the people.
Even the liberal emancipation of those industrious native
traders of the country, the Jews, excited their utmost rage.
Such was the situation of Bernadotte in the 74th year of
his eventful life, looking round in hopeless search to the un-
sympathising aristocratic Sovereigns of Europe for a sup-
port to his dynasty after his demise. Oscar Bernadotte in.
vain
took up the old game of the eldest heirs of the English
throne during the Georgian era—that of taking part with the
people against a royal father. Oscar, at the time of elm-
senthorp's abduction, quitted Stockholm, spreading the re-
port that he had quarrelled upon their measures with his
father and his Council ; but scarcely had he left than he
was recalled to attend the sick bed of Bernadotte, who was
near losing his life by an ominous fall from his charger„
whose fiery temper his aged hand could not curb. Father-
and son dissolved the prestige of the projected comedy in the
effusion of feelings more creditable to their hearts. Re3o-
vered from his illness, but one desperate resource occur Ted
to Bernadotte's mind against the distaste of ancient `Sove-
reigns to his dynasty, and the turbulence of his ficKfe sub-
jects—the alliance of Russia. Desperate I call this
resource ; for desperate and indelible was the enmity of
the Swedes and Russians. The Muscovites, who fled be-
fore the Swedes at Pultawa like chaff before the wind,
have gradually turned the tables upon their old adversa-
ries ; they have managed to build their capital, and to
obtain the ascendancy, on those waters where once rode the
fleets of the conquering Swedes, and then by intrigue as
well as warfare, they have taken possession of contip;uous
Finland—once the most important province under S:'wedish sway—thus cutting off Sweden, by its great o;ysical as
well as moral connection, from the Continents', affairs of
Europe. The hatred of the Swedes has been so impatient
of concealment that even at the table of a diplomatic re-
presentative of the present King himself t'airty of his sub-
jects have been known to rise to drink 'with fierce hurrah4
" Success to the Poles!" " Confu.siors to the Russians .
Sweden, placed so as to be able, on any favourable emer-
gency to second the insurrect,,on of
the German and
itsmost
Polish
egstrasepe,
time in em-
the was
provinces still writhing ',a Russia's l
dangerous enemy, therr.dore Russia
hand of King Bernadotte.
The Emperor elem.:lied the
bracing warmly the proffered
bargain by uniting his own im-
perial daughter to the brother-in-law of the heir to the
Swedish throne—cementing thus by the most
sppunequalort and
e
unexpected connection of blood, the compact to support
dynasty of the Soldat
avour of w , ve as an
ward in his return for t e
hbeuft•eu.r. N orhw.was the lgaatter back-
cunningßuianstiear
wprielltaptiroz
of whose already too partial th e
stipulations,
earnest, the treaty of the Sund,
bably some day turn still more to the disadvantage of your
English commerce.—Morning Post.

A party with four guns bagged, at Hoddaml on
Friday last, 13 pheasants, 4 woodcocks, 51 hares, and 4
rabbits—in all, 7•?, head of game. Nor is this all. A
dozen head more were hit and fell, but could not, be found
without too much delay, for want of a retriever.—Dumfries
Courier,

kn exquisite 'who once had great notoriety in Lon-
don, the de Geramb, now the Rev. Father Clott, and
Procureur-General of the order of La Trappe, arrived at
Lyons on the 29th ult. The Baron de Geramb has pub-
lished several works, the last of which, brought out recently
at Paris, is entitled, " Voyage de La Trappe a Rome,"

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

We refer to a letter in another column on a subject
which has created no little alarm in the metropolis, the
supposed intention of allowing a delivery of letters on Sun-
day. The alarm must be groundless, for no Statesman
would think of countenancing an alteration which would
lead to an unnecessary desecration of the Sabbath. A re-
quisition was yesterday presented to the Lord Mayor by a
number of members of the Common Council, suggesting
the propriety of his calling an early meeting of the Court
of Common Council, to consider the expediency of the
proposed alteration ; and his Lordship, who expressed
himself as decidedly opposed to a Sunday delivery of letters,
stated that he should appoint an early day for the consider-
ation of the subject. Were the citizens of London to be
foolish enough to accede to this alteration, the conse-
quence would soon be that from the beginning to the end
of the year there would be no intermission of toil. The
delivery of letters would lead by degrees to the perform-
ance of the same business on Sunday which is performed
on the other days of the week. The merchant who neg-
lected to attend to his letters on that day might find that a
rival had obtained the start of him in some important busi-
ness, and various motives would induce him to attend his
counting-house on Sundays, and to force his clerks also to
attend. All other men of business would be similarly cir-
cumstanced. This is a Christian country, and we trust
that it will preserve its character. There are exceptions
to the rule of sanctifying the Sabbath, which are connived
at because society would otherwise be subjected to
great inconvenience. The Sabbath was made for
man, and not man for the Sabbath. We are not
of the number of those gloomy precisians who would
make the Sabbath a day of mortification—who would con-
fine men who have toiled six days in the week to their
houses on the seventh, and deny them the most innocent
indulgences. But we hold it of the utmost importance,
even in a temporal point of view, that the Sabbath be not
profaned by unnecessary labour. One day is not too much
to allow men to meditate on the great end of their being,
and to forget their worldly cares. The machine cannot be
constantly wound up. Every religious man, nay every pru-
dent man, ought to set his face against any uncalled-for en-
croachment on the Sabbath. Why should this earth be
converted into a valley of tears, by yielding to the demands
of a short-sighted avarice ?—slforning Chronicle.
We make the following extract from an Essex Paper :
" IMPORTANT TO RAILWAY TRAVELLERS.—Mr. John Rat-
cliffe Chapman, residing at Long Marston, near the Pendley
station, and who is contractor for the Aylesbury line of rail-
road, took a second class ticket at Birmingham station to come
to Pendley station, on Tuesday, the 21st ult. Mr. Chapman
showed his ticket to a servant of the Company at Birming-
ham, who directed him into the carriage, from which be
alighted at Pendley station. On alighting he presented the
ticket, and was told that he had come in a first-class carriage,
and must pay ss. 6d. additional. That gentleman has, through
either the ignorance or malignity of the fellow, been put to
the expense of 21., by way of penalty, and 12s. Ga. costs, be-
sides anxiety and other unpleasantries."
We regret to hear repeated complaints of a similar
descr;,9tion of the Railway communications. The com-
plaints s„,necified, and which may be almost constantly
seen in tto metropolitan and country papers, are of
rudeness on the part of Railway servants to passengers,
of unnecessary inconveniences inflicted by their over-
bearing conduct, and of occasional alteration of the
hours of starting the trains, without giving adequate
notice to the public of the period of the change. These
are the allegations made. We do not mean that they
are sustained or proved in all cases. It may happen
that where incivility has been complained of, the passenger
may sometimes have himself to blame, either by making
overweening demands or litigious objections. However,
there is a sufficient amount of ascertained fact as to in-
conveniences sustained by the public at large, through
change of hours and consequent delay of delivery of let-
ters and parcels, as well as individual inconveniences sus-
tained by passengers, to warrant the public, before the
meeting of Parliament, in directing their attention to the
contingent evils ; which, if not arrived at present at their
full growth, may in future reach a high pitch of oppres-
sive maturity, through the increase of these new commu-
nications. The public have a right to contemplate the
time when all the lines of social or commercial commu-
nication throughout the country may be in the hands
of the directors of the railways. 'rho new creation of
such a monopoly is no trivial matter. If at present,
in the face of the old turnpike-road competition, such
stretches of authority can be exhibited or contem-
plated as those which (whether truly or falsely) have
been alleged against them, what will be the consequence
when all competition by the old stage-coach or old turn-
pike-road of any kind shall be driven out of the field ? The
general impression is that the Legislature should immedi-
ately take up the question, and that the Government should
be prepared to apply a remedy. It should be done
quickly, on the principle of the sensible adage—obsta
principiis ; and, under that impression it is our opinion
that the enactment of some stringent law for the regula-
tion of railway conveyances should be one of the earliest
measures of the ensuing Session. In granting new and
large powers to the projectors of railways, Parliament has
certainly not shown sufficient foresight in providing against
such results as we have suggested. Let us only contemplate
for a moment the idea of a powerful monopoly being able
to charge to every traveller what it pleases, and to exercise
the power of restrictin,, the times and seasons of locomo-
tion. Such a state of things would be intolerable. The
despotic system of French passports would be child's play
to the social slavery which it might thus introduce :
Morning Advertiser.
We take leave to impress upon all whom it may concern
—that is, all who have labouring people at small wages in
their employment—that if their circumstances will by any
means afford it, an increase of wages at the present time is
equally demanded by humanity, by justice, and by sound
policy. In general the wages of mere labourers are no
more than will afford them support at the ordinary prices of
necessaries of life. They might, perhaps, save something
by extraordinary thrift, but, if they have done so, it is hard
that they should not be able to keep this little fund for the
periods of sickness and old age. A remarkable rise in the
price of provisions produces an alteration in the labourer's
circumstances, of which employers ought to endeavour
to mitigate the severity. Every man should so far
consider himself in a kind of partnership with those
he employs, as not to allow them to bear all the
hardship which occasionally arises out of circum-
stances over which they can have no control. We do not
here plead for such as is wages quite sufficient to enable
them to lay by in orditp..ry times a provision for such times
as the present. We do not ask indulgence for men who
habitually waste in filthy sottishness a great deal more than
would make up the difference between cheap bread and
dear bread for their families ; but labourers in the country
who get but from ten to fourteen shillings a-week, and who
have—many of them—families to support, ought to be con-
sidered when bread is so dear as it is at present. Nor is
an increase of wages all that we would venture to recom-
mend. An exercise of kindly sympathy, an endeavour on
the part of masters to show their labourers that they are
mindful of them—that they are sensible of the fact of being
their fellow-creatures—something of this kind must do good
to all parties, must cause hardship to be borne with more
of patience, and benevolence to be exercised with less of
grudging.—Morning Post.
Firmly believing the decision of Sir Herbert Jenner, in
e case of Breeks v. Woolfrey, as far as its affects the
question of prayers for the dead, to be as wrong a decision
(of course unintentionally so) as ever was pronounced by
fallible human judge, yet we cannot regard it in the light
in which it is looked upon by a correspondent of the Stan-
dard, as having " inflicted on the Church of England the
most serious blow that it sustained since the days of
Laud." A blow aimed at the Church from without is
very different in its effects from error and corruption exist-
ing within the Church itself. Laud was one of the conse-
crated guardians of the reformed faith, as professed by
the Church of England, who, from within the bosom
the sacred establishment, whose purity of doctrinehehaodf
solemnly vowed at the altar of God to uphold and maintain
inviolate, sought to counteract the reformation, and
adulterate the truth as it is in Holy Scripture, with
the rejected errors of human invention. Laud, and
prelates like Laud, unfaithful to their sacred trust,
whether their doctrines savour of the Arian, the
Popish, or the Socinian heresy, can inflict injury
upon the Church which no external hostility or error can
effect. They can injure the character of the establishment
by engrafting fallacy on its truth, by mixing the adultera-
tions of man's corrupt invention with the living waters
of Scriptural instruction, and poisoning the fountain of
Christian knowledge even within the pale of the sanctuary.
What human power not clothed with the authority of the
Church itself can do this? None. 'The Judge in the
Ecclesiastical Court, who erroneously pronounces a decision
declaring a Popish superstition not to be contrary to the
doctrines of the Reformed Church of England, cannot
thereby make that " vain and superstitious practice" part
and parcel of these doctrines henceforth, any more than he
can engraft it on that most solemn and beautiful service of
our Church, the " order for the burial of the dead," which
edifies the living with the sublime consolations of the
faith, and, like an inspired hymn of Christian triumph,
celebrates over the perishing dust of man the victory
that takes its sting from death, and crowns the mortal
with immortality. The doctrine with regard to the dead
in the Church of England is the scriptural doctrine that is
illustrated by the figurative expression, " as the tree falls
so it must lie." That of the Church of Rome is a doc-
trine found nowhere in Scripture, and which is perfectly
consistent with the other unscriptural doctrine of purga-
tory, and indeed grows out of it. " Blessed are the dead
which die in the Lord," says the Church of England, adopt-
ing the language of the Apostle to whom that was declared

;n a voice from heaven ; " even so saith the Spirit, for they
rest from their labours." But the Church of Rome says
that there exists an intermediate state for the soul between
that of heavenly rest and eternal condemnation, and that
human prayers are very efficacious in mitigating the tor-
ments of purgatory, and shortening the period of the soul's
sojourn in that place of temporary darkness and misery.
This doctrine has brought great gains to the Romish
Church, by the purchase, for gold and silver and broad
acres, of masses and prayers for the deliverance of the soul
from " the adamantine chains and penal fire" of purgatorial
probation. The Church of England regards such masses
and prayers as mere " superstitious uses," and forbids them
as unscriptural. It is an enriching superstition to the
Church of Rome, and therefore it clings, and will ever
cling to it, with the desperate devotion with which it ad-
heres to every one of its Mamrnonite inventions. This is
not the place to enter, theologically, into this question. We
leave that duty to the clergy of our holy Church, who, we
trust, will not let the present opportunity pass without
proving from the pulpit that the practice of " praying for
the dead" does not, and never did, attach to the truly re-
formed Church of England. As the highest common-law
judges are sometimes mistaken as to what is the law of
civil society in this country, and their solemn judgments
reversed, so an ecclesiastical judge may err as to what is
really the rule and practice of the spiritual constitution
to which the Protestants of the Establishment are bound
to conform. It is for the clergy to show, and they who are
not slothful or faithless pastors of the flock will show it,
that Sir Herbert Jenner has fallen unconsciously into a
lamentable error in imputing to the Church of the Re-
formed faith a practice which implies a tendency towards
the encouragement of the purgatorial fiction—a superstition
which can be historically traced even beyond the popedom,
as many other Romish superstitions can, to the days of
pagan antiquity ; for both Plato and Plutarch have allu-
sions to something of the nature of a state of purgatorial
probation after death to purify the souls of the departed
from remediable or venial sins. Indeed Cardinal Bellar-
mine, in his work on purgatory, is candid enough to admit
the testimony of such pagan witnesses as Plato, Cicero, and
Virgil in this matter. But what has the Church of Eng-
land to do with the Limbus patrum, or the Limbus in-
fautum p Just as much as it has to do with that other
intermediate place for departed souls, which is described by
some Romish Doctors as a place of repose and delight for
the soul before entering upon eternal felicity—a place of
beautiful flowery meadows without the gates of Paradise, and
evidently only a renovation of the pagan poet's Elysian-
fields. It may be a natural emotion of tie human heart,
uninstructed by Scripture, to pray for the felicity of those
in death whom it loved in life ; and it is also natural to the
infirmity of man to purchase with worldly treasure, when
upon the verge of the grave, an exemption from a state of
penal probation, or a mitigation of its torments, if he has
once been induced to believe that such a state as that
which the word " purgatory" signifies intervenes between
the grave and the eternal abiding-place of the soul. But
the mind enlightened by Scriptural truth knows that this
intermediate state rests only on the clouds and vanity of
human invention, and that although it has brought sub-
stantial riches to the papal treasury, it has no more exist-
ence than any pagan fiction. Disbelieving, rejecting, and
denouncing the fable of purgatory, how could the reformed
Church of England cultivate and encourage the prac-
tice of "prayers for the dead," which springs as natu-
rally out of it as the branch of the tree from its stein
It may serve as a specimen of the extraordinary shifts
to which those Government journals are obliged to have
recourse that want to fasten this papal practice of prayers
for the dead on the Church of England, for the purpose of
lowering its scriptural character, that Mr. Baron Alderson
exhorted a murderer whom he sentenced to pray for the
soul of the man whom he had sent unprepared into the pre-
sence of his Creator. We dare say what Baron Alderson
said has been misrepresented but if not, we can only ob-
serve,that that Learned Judge is a better authority in law
than in theology. When we hear any Prelate of the Esta-
blishment so express himself, wo shall then begin to think
that the spirit of Laud has revisited the Church, and that
the faith which was purified in the flames in which the
martyrs of the Reformation perished, is again becoming
defiled by the influence of a state policy, which labours
to bring the Vatican nearer to St. James's, while it in-
flicts " a heavy blow and great discouragement on Protes-
tantism."—Morning Herald.

On Wednesday se'nnight, this village was visited by
the severest storm ever remembered by the oldest inhabi-
tant. The river Monnow rose to a fearful height, carrying
away in its course hedges, trees, &c., and entering several
houses in the vicinity of the river, but happily no lives were
lost. A most singular and ludicrous occurrence happened
to a goose, the property of a farmer, whose house lay near
the river. The goose was lifted by the water to the top of
a tree, about 20 feet above the bed of the river, and was
found quietly resting in that situation after the storm had
abated.—Her eford Times.
DROWNING A Fisit.—The ravenous nature of
a shark, and his great strength, are well known, and yet
divers in the East Indian pearl fisheries think little of at-
tacking him, armed with a strong piece of wood, sharpened
at both ends. Thus armed they await his opening his en-
ormous mouth, and then trust to their arm holding the
wood perpendicularly, and his mouth being thus kept ex-
tended he drowns.

LORD DURHAM.—The Address presented to
Lord Durham on his landing here was neither more nor
less than an appeal to the spirit of his former declarations,
when he was the avowed advocate of Household Suffrage,
Vote by Ballot, and Triennial Parliaments. Without hos-
tility to the present Government, the Radicals naturally
turn to Lord Durham, with hope and with confidence, ex-
pecting him to impart energy to an Administration whose
fault is tameness in following out right and liberal inten-
tions, rather than the want of such intentions. Much as
Lord ,Durham may have to complain of the pre.
sent Government for its tacit acquiescence in the
insult and injury inflicted on him by Lord Brougham
and the Tory Lords, he is not the man to reta-
liate in a malignant and vindictive party spirit. And
so far from desiring to exasperate him against Ministers,
we are convinced that the Radicals generally wish only to
endeavour to stimulate the lax Whigs to bold and decisive
measures. What the thorough Reformers most ardently
long to witness, is cordiality and co-operation among such
men as Lord John Russell, Lord Brougham, and Lord
Durham, instead of finding them run counter and quarrel,
amid the ridicule of their and the people's common foes.
Necessity, as well as inclination, will, we trust, bring all
three once more together, to labour earnestly side by side
in their and our common cause.—Devonport Independent.
The Dumfries Courier, referring to Lord Durham's
enthusiastic reception at Devonport, and the waiving of
.
his salute, originally contemplated deference to official
etiquette, well observes that " moral is better than physical
artillery ; and if no guns greeted his arrival, there were
voices that thundered the loudest acclaim." Alter some
further remarks on the same subject, however, the Courier
censures Sir William Molesworth for being at Devonport,
asserts that he was an unbidden guest, and rails away
against the Hon. Member in a sty le of comment which we
think far less reasonable and liberal than unjust and acri-
monious.

On Wednesday a ballot was taken at the East India
House for the election of a Director, in the room of Sir
James Rivett Carnac, Bart., who has disqualified. At six
o'clock the glasses were closed and delivered to the scruti-
neers, who reported the election had fallen on Martin
Tucker Smith, Esq.
SHOOTING AT POACIIERS.—In the High Court
of Justiciary, Edinburgh, last week, Mr. James Duncan
Kennedy was tried on a charge of having wilfully and mali-
ciously discharged one or both barrels of a double-bar-
relled gun at the persons of David Fridge and Alexander
Fridge, house-carpenters, residing near 'Fain, on the sth
of September, at a cottage occupied by Norman Smart, at
or near Woodbank. under the said Mr. Duncan Kennedy,
and thereby wounded David and Alexander Bridge, to the
serious injury of their persons. The indictment was
laid at common law, and also under the Act 10 George
IV., c. 48, which constitutes such offences capital, The
Jury found a verdict against the prisoner, but not with
the intention of doing any grievous bodily harm. Mr. Ken-
nedy was sentenced to eight months' imprisonment in Edin-
burgh Gaol.

Not a day has passed for several years without a
stout middle-aged man being seen to walk hastily up to
the Post-office, thrust into the box a piece of earthen-
ware, wood, or tobacco-pipe (which he evidently supposes
to be a letter), and then run away, as if he feared detec-
tion. It is clear the poor fellow cannot write, but when-
ever the surface of his supposed letters will admit, they arc
covered with unintelligible marks, and when the box is
closed he leaves them in the window. The authorities at
the Post-office,
perceiving that the light of reason has
flitted from the poor fellow's brow, and being but slightly
annoyed by their daily visitor, have not interfered with
him ; but still the poor fellow's hasty movements would seem
to infer that he had not always been treated with such in-
difference. What makes the circumstance more remarka-
ble is the feet that the poor fellow resides either at Ayles-
tone or Knighton, more than two miles from the Post-
a person in humble life, and as
office. He is apparently
such would seem not to have had much to do with letters,
but perhaps at some period of his life may have had that
to do with one letter which has deprived him of his senses.
perhaps some of our readers can inform us of the cause of
the poor fellow's madness:—Leicester Mercury.
On Wednesday morning a respectable female, aged
sson-grove, St. Mary-
lebone, inher bed. When she went
61, residing at 24, Orkett-street, Li
and spirits.
bed on the previous night thedeceased was In healthperfect,

POLICII INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION-HO USE.

Mr. Hobler, jun., appeared before the Lord Mayor for
the purpose of placing before his Lordship a declaration
made before a notary by sixteen or seventeen of the Prus-
sians who had on the preceding day applied to his Lordship
on the subject of their engagements with Mr. Bernhard
Ries, of Moorgate-street, to go to Demerara as agricul-
turists and mechanics.

The declaration set forth that the appearers were natives
of Germany, under the Prussian Government, that they
had lately arrived at London under certain engagements
made by them in Germany with Doctor Strecker, acting
as agent and on behalf of Bernhard Ries, of London,
whereby they had agreed to proceed to Demerara, and
there fulfil the engagement and enter into a contract to
serve Mr. Ries or his assigns for three years ; that they
were dissatisfied with the arrangements, and in answer to
questions put by the notary, first, whether they were will-
ing to proceed to the destination under an indenture
signed by Doctor Strecker, and to be ratified in a satis-
factory manner before the Lord Mayor, or, secondly, whe-
ther they should prefer to be sent back to their native
country at the expense of the parties who induced them
to leave it ? To the first of these questions they severally
answered in the negative, and to the second they answered
in the affirmative.
Mr. Hobler stated that the names of the men were sub-
scribed, and the document was regularly witnessed. He
then stated that at a former period application had been
made by the Brazilian Government to the Prussian autho-
rities for permission to 100 Prussian agriculturists and
mechanics to repair to the Brazils, upon the security of
good pay and treatment, and without a farthing of expense
to Prussia. The answer, however, was in the negative,
and stated that as the Prussians were all soldiers, their
presence in the event of any hostile movement would be
indispensable.
The LORD MAYOR—And the Prussians were not allowed
to go to the Brazils ?
Mr. Hobler, jun., replied that they certainly were not,
although the Brazilian Government would have indemnified
the Prussian authorities against the possibility that the men
should become a future incumbrance.
The LORD MAYOR—I have received a letter from the
Wurtemburg authorities, stating that four of the subjects
of Wurtemburg were under similar circumstances with
respect to Mr. Ries, and were desirous of returning home,
and empowering the Prussian Consul to deal with them as
he had dealt with his own countrymen.
The Prussian Consul said that he willingly took upon
himself the task of disposing of the four men.

The LORD MAYOR said-that the Prussian Consul was
certainly right in interfering in the case of his countrymen.
Mr. Hobler, jun., said that the average pay was to have
been eight dollars a month after they had ratified their
contracts at Demerara, and if they found that it would be
ineligible to remain, each person would be obliged to pay
the sum of 20/. before he could return home. Where, he
asked, were men under such circumstances to procure 201.
a piece ? The consequence would be that they would be
obliged to remain.
The Prussian Consul said that men so situated could not
leave the place in which there was a demand upon them.
Those, however, who were determined to go, be would, of
course, not attempt to influence.
