MISSION OF TAHIR PACHA.

There are persons who explain the mission of Tahir
Pacha in the following manner :—The Duke of Welling-
ton, finding it impossible to oppose our expedition against
Algiers by open force, had engaged the Porte to send one
of its dignitaries, with the title of Governer of Algiers,
for the Sultan. Whence once in the town, Tahir Pacha
was to publish the firman of the Grand Seignor, and
make himself acknowledged by the Turkish militia. The
Dey was to act as First Lieutenant of the Pacha ; and the
English Minister had obtained his consent and submission
in consequence of the danger of the French invasion,
which threatens him with inevitable destruction. On
arriving before Algiers, the French fleet would have found
the Ottoman flag hoisted on the ramparts, and the regular
authority of the Sultan acknowledged, together with the
abol:tion of piracy and of slavery. France would have
no longer had a pretext for attacking Algiers, and our
immense preparations must have come to nought ; for it
would have proved rather embarrassing:to attack a Gover-
nor of the Sultan, with whom we are at pea-T. But
General Guilleminot having been informed at Contanti-
nople of this intrigue, sent an aviso to the station before
Algiers ; and from that moment the attention of the
whole squadron was directed towards intercepting the
Turkish frigate, whose speedy arrival was announced.—
Journal du Commerce.
_ _ _

FRANKFORT, MAY 26.—The Emperor of Russia Las
given up one-third of the contribution which was to be
paid by the Turks ; he has likewise given up an extension
of territory in Asia, offered by the Porte as an indemnity
for the reduction of the 3,000,000 of ducats allowed by
Russia. It is said that the Emperor Nicholas is, of all
the Sovereigns of Europe, the one who insists the most,
in order to preserve an exact balance in Europe, on the
Porte remaining a strong and independent power. But one
would think that the maintenance of peace in Europe did
not require so much condescension to the intrigues of the
British Government; and that the continent, would on
the contrary, have been happy to find, in the policy of
Russia, a guarantee against the arrogance of the Cabinet
of St. James's. Disinterestedness itself has limits which
it ought not to pass ; and it is to be feared that British
selfishness has duped the Emperor. It has been ob-
served, that the English were the first who announced
the news of this generous determination of the Emperor.
It must also he remembered, that from that moment
Prince Metternich has not ceased to praise the policy
of the Emperor. Encomiums from such a friend is of a
suspicious nature. Some people go so far as to assert that
die Duke of Wellington and Prince Metternich have suc-
ceeded in renewing their former connexions at St. Peters.
burgh, and that by these means they hope to influence the
Emperor's mind. Negotiations between Russia, Austria,
and Prussia are also talked of, in order to discuss the future
line of conduct to be pursued in case of another revolution
in France; but it may be hoped that the Prussian Go-
vernment will demonstrate to Russia that to interfere with
the affairs of the Constitutionals and the congregation
would prove truly fatal to the peace of Europe, with no
other end than to satisfy an insatiate and ungovernable
faction.

The news of the change of the French Ministry, and
the nomination of M. de Peyronnet, has made a great im-
pression on our political circles. This expedient is looked
upon u a great fault, which can only be attributed to de-
apair.—NutionaL

TouLoy, MAY 29,-Yesterday, towards three in the
afternoon, an estafette started from Paris. He is said to
be the hearer of the despatches of the Grand Seignor to the
King of France, which are pretended to contain proposals
of peace with the Dey of Algiers, on condition that the
latter should offer satisfaction to our flag, and pay the
expenses of our armament. They have been forwarded
by Tahir Pacha, commander of the Turkish frigate,
Neldsin-Djaffet. He was desirous of delivering them into
the hands of M. 3fassieu de Clairval, commander of the
blockading squadron, but he refused to receive them, and
very properly despatched the Ottoman Ambassador to
Toulon, under the escort of the frigate la Duclesse de
Berry. Tahir Pacha, having met our squadron on the
15th, offered again to deliver his despatches to Admiral
Duperre, who refused likewise to take them, and obliged
him to proceed to Toulon, after having paid to his rank
and his flag the honours usual on such occasions.
No accident has yet happened to our fleet, except the
destruction of a transport vessel, which took fire ; its
cargo consisted of hay. As it was impossible to save it,
it was found necessary to sink it. The loss amounts to
16,000 francs ; fortunately this unlucky event cost no
lives."-Constitutionnel.
FaaxeM Jtrxe 4.-Fire per Cents., 101 f.
60c. 55c. 60c. 40c. 35c. lee. •• Four per Cents. 100 f. ; Three per
Cents., 79f. 90c. 80c. 65c. 61t. 60c. 65c. 60c. 50c. 60c. ; Bank
Stock I,oolf, ; Renteolie Naples, 85f. 50c. 40c. 50c. 30c. 25e 85c.
10e. ; Rentes d'Espagn.
, A , Royal Spanish Loan, 66 85.14
to; ; Renter Pespetueli• d'Espagne, 73N, 1.'721! 72 713i' •
flaytiiin Loan, 620 f• ; Exchange on London-One month:
(paper), 25f. 46c. ; (money), Zf. 45c. ; Three months (money)
25C 20c.-Coors Authentrque.

We are sorry to announce the failure of an
old and respectable manufacturing and mercantile house
in the woollen line in this town. The engagements of the
Srm are said to exceed 100,0001., and several of the
woolstaplers and dyers of Leeds are heavy sufferers.—
Leeds Intelligencer.

LONDON,
MONDAY EVENING, JUNE 7, 1830.

HIS MAJESTY'S HEALTH.

The following is the Bulletin issued this day—
" Windsor Castle, June 7.

" The Kivu continues nearly in the same state. His
MAJESTY passed last night under considerable embarrass-
(Signed) " HENRY HALFORD.
" M. J. TIERNEY."
