MUSIC AND DANCING LICENSES.

The Report of a Committee " appointed to consider the
Act of the 25th Geo. 11., cap. 35, relating to the licensing
of places of music and dancing, and such like entertain-
ments," was called for.
Mr. HALSWELL, as Chairman of the Committee,handed
in the following report
:
Your Committee have to report that it appears to be
doubtful whether or not 'the Court have power to inter-
fere with, or regulate, the granting of licenses under that
Act.' At the same time the Committee are of opinion
that, if such power does not exist, the following regulation
should be adopted, viz.:—
" That any petition against the granting or the renewal
of a license previously granted, shall be lodged with the
Clerk of the Peace three clear days before the Appointed
time for the hearing of applications for licenses, with li-
berty far the party petitioned against to inspect, and be fur-
nished (upon paying the Clerk of the Peace for the same)
with a copy of any such petition.
" All which the Committee submit, &c.
" EDMUND HALSWELL, Chairman."
Mr. HALSWELL moved that the report be received.
Mr. STOCKS saidire hoped nothing would be done to in-
jure the licensed victuallers anal others who had music and
dancing licenses; as they had incurred, and were incurring,
heavy expenses in providing largo rooms, under a resolution
of a former Court, which directed them to have rooms of
certain dimensions and stability, under the direction of a
surveyor. . .

The report was ultimately received.
Sir C. FORBES said, that in the absence of Mr. Sergeant
Andrews, he had been reque,ted by that gentleman to
move " to rescind the resolution of the Court passed at the
last April Sessions respecting liceasing places for dancing
and music under the statute '2sth of Geo. II." The
Baronet observed that Mr. Sergeant Andrews was clearly
of opinion that the resolution was contrary to the meaning
of the Act of Parliament, and illegal.
Some discussion -ensued, after which the motion was
agreed to ; and the resolution (which has put many licensed
persons to considerable trouble and expense) was resci►►ded.

SUNDAY MORNING TRADING.
Mr. BARBER. BRAUMONT, pursuant to notice, moved,
" That in the opinion of the Court it would conduce to the
peace and comfort of the public, if all houses for the sale of
spirituous and other intoxicating liquids were kept closed on
Sunday mornings until the conclusion of the parochial
morning service, unless required to be opened for the refresh-
ment of actual travellers, and in such case that no intoxi-
cating liquors should be supplied 'until after the above-
named period " The evil had arrived at such a height, that
it was universally admitted that some alteration in the pre-
sent system had become absolutely necessary, and he was
sure that whatever measures that Court might adopt to re-
medy the evil would meet with the concurrence of the magi-
strates of Surrey and other adjoining counties. With re-
gard to any objection that might be expected from the pub-
licans, he could state as a fact that came within his own
knOwledge, that many of the respectable persons belonging
to that body wished to be relieved from the toil and slavery
of keeping their houses open every day in the week, and
to have an opportunity of attending Church on Sunday
morning with their families.
Sir CHARLES FORBES said he had great pleasure in se-
conding the nomination, approving of it generally ; yet he
thought the latter part of it, relative to travellers, had bet-
ter he omitted, and that public-houses should be closed
altogether on Sunday mornings. It would be impossible to
tell who were, or who were not, travell_rs.
Mr. BEAUMONT had no objection to omit that part.
There were now so, many cheap coffee-houses established,
where persons might procure necessary refreshments, that
it was unnecessary there should be any public-houses open
on the Sunday morning.
Mr. STOCK said he was glad that the matter had been
brought forward.
Mr. BitouGuToN said the Court bid no power to do any
thing effectual in the matter ; they should obtain an Act
of Parliament.

la• a •••
Mr. GIBSON said the simple. fact was, that so long as the
Government derived so large a revenue from the sale of
exeiscable liqnors, no Act of Parlianicnt would ever be
pass-A-that would in any degree restrict the sale of them.
Mr. BEAUMONT replied, observing, that net being a
Member of Parliament, he was a free man—(Laughter)--
and, therefore, did not fear the publicans ; -they should not
be too strong for him.
The question was then put, and carried by a majority of
eleven to six.

THE HANWELL COUNTY LUNATIC ASYLUM.
The 42d Report-of the Visiting Justices of the County
Lunatic Asylum was read.
Colonel CLITHEROE, in adverting to the appointMent of
Dr. Morrison, as superintending physician to the Asylum,
said he wished to call the attention of the Bench to a fact
which he was sure would gratify them all ; there were
more than six hundred patients in the Asylum, besides ser-
vants, say six hundred and fifty in the whole ; the me-
dicine that was required to be given in a recent month—
was a glass of salts to a man, and a glass of wine to a poor
woman. So much for the treatment and the salubrity of
the Asylum. . .

The Report was received.—The Court then broke up

DINNER TO SIR ASTLEY COOPER.

Tuesday the Royal College of Surgeons entertained Sir
Astley Cooper, Bart., to dinner in the Royal Hotel. Be-
sides a numerous attendance of the College, there were
present Dr. Abercrombie, Prefesiors Hope, Alison, Sir
Charles Bell, Stc., and many medical gentlemen formerly in
the public service. Sir George Battingsll, President, was
in the Chair ; and Mr. LOthian, Treasurer, Drs. Gardiner
and John Campbell, late Presidents, acted as croupiers.
After the usual loyal toasts, the health of Sir Astley
Cooper was drank with the warmest enthusiasm, which Sir
Astley acknowledged in a speech of great good humour,
and the utmost kindliness of feeling. He stated, that fifty
years ago, in the year 1787, considering that his medical
education could not be complete without studying in Edin-
burgh, he became - a pupil of Cullen, Black, Gregory, tk.c.
He mentioned, that when he came to Edinburgh on
Wednesday last, the first place to which he drove was his
former lodgings in Bristo-street ; that amidst all the im-
provements in Edinburgh, he found the locality of his former
residence very little changed ; that lie saw the very room
and the closet, endeared by former recollections ; and that
when he looked back upon those days, and reflected on the
fame and success which had attended him through life, he
was tempted almost to fall down on his knees, and thank
that ProVidence which had so conducted him. Seeing so
many teetnbers of the profession in the company; he affec-
tionately exhorted them to attain the utmost skill in their
profession—never to attempt to rise by depressing another ;
and never to let go their integrity and high moral chsrac-
ter. He paid high compliments to the great men under
whom he had studied, and was delighted to find that the
reputation of the University was still upheld by those who
had succeeded them. He highly approved of the adoption
of Sir Charles Bell, as Professor of Surgery. In the
course of the evening Sir G. Ballinghall announced that he
had been informed by letter from the Lord Provost, who re-
gretted that his health would not allow him to be present
at the meeting, as he • had been invited to be, that the free-
dom of the city of Edinburgh had that daybeen conferred upon
Sir Astley, whose health he again proposed in the capacity
of the youngest citizen of Edinburgh. Various toasts were
given—to the gentlemen of the public service—to the Col-
leges of Surgeons and Physicians—and by Dr. Hope to the
extra Academical Lecturers, whose co-operation with the

University in upholding the reputation of the medical school
of Edinburgh he trusted would long continue. The even-
ing was spent throughout in the utmost harmony, and the
meeting did not separate till a late hour.--Edits. Courant.

Miss P. Horton is stated in the American papers
to have commenced an engagement at the:. Park TWtre
New York,

The Umperoit of Austria is said to have fixed his
coronation at Milan for the month of August next. On
that occasion their MAjesties propose to tray:el over Satz-
burg and Innsbruck to Milan, and to return by way
of Padua, Venice, and liaj",>sty Las.' xpre3sed
ft .)?..isll ilna nu sUperiluoui c-xpense may be incurred in re-
ceiving him at these various places, but rather to apply any
sums intended for that purpope to objects of general. utility.

John M•Gui e, Frederick Kirkham, Juba Clement, und
WM. Pettier, were indicted for assaulting Daniel Nogin,
Benjamin Brittain, and John Hiele, of the New Police, on
the 29th of July last.
Daniel Nogin stated that, on tl.e of Saturday, the
29th of last July, he was on duty in Winiam-street,
Lis-
son-grove, when, hearing the cry of " P.:lice," he went to
the tpot from whence it proceeded, an i at the doer of the
Marquis of Anglesey public-house the defendant M'Guire
was given in charge to witness for a robbery. Witness
laid hold of him, and told him that he must go with him,
upon which M'Guire instantly knocked him down and swore
he would never be taken by a policeman. Brittain, an-
other officer, came to the assistance of witness, and he was
also knocked down. S.:l'cm] persons then came out of the
public-house together and kicked both him and Brittaiu as
they lay on the ground, and they all declared that M'Guire
should not be taken to the station-house.
Benjimin Brittain, the other officer alluded to, confirmed
the evidence of this witness, and added that, after he was
knocked down, he received a desperate kick on the groin,
that injured him so severely that he will never entirely re-
cover from the effects of it as long as he lives. He had
been under the care of a surgeon ever since, and was not.
new able to walk without crutches.

Two other persons having confirmed the above evidence,
Mr. C. Phillips addressed the Jury for the defendants.
• The defendants did not call any witnesses.
The CHAIRMAN summed up the evidence, and the Jury
returned a verdict of Guilty against all the defendants.
The Cumamari, after commenting upon the brutal and
unmanly attack made upon the prosecutors, proceeded to
pass the sentence of the Court upon the defendants, which
was, that M`Guire be imprisoned five months in the House
of Correction ; Kirkham and Clements for one month
each ; and Pettifer (who did not appear to have taken a
very active part in the affray) was fined Is. and discharged.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION-110USE,

Yesterday the Lot►o MAYOR receivzd the following let-
ter from the Rev. Mr. Learmouth, of Stromness, in an-
swer. to tic communication which his Lordship sent to that
gentleman on the subject. of the condition► of the family of
Mrs. Frazer, whose fearful adventures amongst the savages
were lately published :
" Mange of Stromness, Sept. 1, 1337.

"My Lord—l hasten to comply with your Lordship's
kind request to make you acquainted. wi:h the condition and
circumstances of the fatherless children concerning whom
you write. The eldest is a girl of sixteen years ; the other
two are boys, the one twelve and the other seven years of
age. For nearly two years they have received only 21/.
for their support, and had it not been that they hod, when
their mother left. them three years ego last May a little
money, they must have been era now in the greatest desti-
tution. Their money has for some time b. en exhausted,
and they are now subsisting u:,on what they receive from
the grocers byre on credit.
" Any sum of money which may be contributed for their
support by the Christian and benevolent will be gladly re-
ceived ; and I am sure your Lordship could not have inter-
ested yourself on behalf of a family who have a stronger
claim upon the sympathy and benevolence of the Christian
community. 1 would humbly suggest to your Lordship
that part of the sum of money which may be collected in
Lon lon may be reserved for the children of Mrs. Frazer,
and if it be entrusted either to me or the Kirk Session of
S'romness due care will be taken that it is faithfully and
judiciously appropriated to their support. In saying this
I dO not mean to affect the interest of their mother in any
respect, whose heart-rending tale of suffering 1 fully credit.
I would now desire humbly to offer to your Lordship
my sincere thanks for the interest you have taken in the case
of Captain Fraz.q.'s family. who, committed as they ha% e
been in the providence of God to my care, in circumstances
so peculiarly alllcting, are fully entitled to whatever exer-
tion I can make to promote their comfort and welfare. I
am, my Lord, your Lordship's most bumble and obedient
servant,

" PETER LEARMOUTH.
" To the Right lion the Lord Mayor of London."
His LORDSHIP stated that it gave him inexpressible gra-
tification to say that by the prompt and liberal benevolence
of
.the public a suns of money had been placed in his hands
for the benefit of this family large enough to render per-
manent service to them. A few more contributions would,
he stionb l take the liberty to state, enable him to do for
them all that, under tie circumstances of the case, he
could wish.
Thomas Wright, cook and steward of the Vixen, applied
to the LORD 'MAYon and Alderman Plats:, for a certificate,
to entitle bins to receive from the owner, of the vessel the
wages due to him from the time the Vixen quitted Constan-
tinople until she was captured by the Russians upon the
pretext of violation of the blockade established on the
eastern coast of the Black Sea.

The Lotto MAYOR took h for granted that the applicant
had been a prisoner at Odessa.
Wright said that he was unlucky enough to be one of the
captured on that occasion ; and so desperate a time he
never before experienced. _ _

The LORD Mayon—We have had a statement of the
facts. I don't suppose you can make any additi .n beyond
the description of your own sufferings.
Wright—l do assure you, my Lord, it was dreadful.
When we Were 'leaving Constantinople it was for a new
voyage. We had been paid up to the time of the comple-
tion of our voyage from England to that place, and we
took in the salt for another voyage. We had four guns,
and we fired off for a pilot, when we got amongst the Rus-
sian ships, for our Turkish pilot left us, for fear of being
killed by the Russians, and there was good reason to fear,
for there was never worse treatment than the Euglish got.

The LORD AIAYOR—Did they take the salt out of the
vessel ? Wright—Yes. They thought we had guns under
the salt, and they took out aa the salt, and after detaining •
us in prison, where-we were fed upon hiack bread for four
months, they found that we had nothing of the kind, .03. d
then the Emperor sent down word that we were quite at
liberty to go away.
The Loan MATOR—He was satisfied that you were not
violating his blockade ? Wright—lie was graciously
pleased to send down his compliments and his pardon to the
crew of the Vixen, and to tell them that they were released,
but the English Consul at. Odessa would not accept of it.
The LORD MAYOR—How many of you were impri-
soned?—There were nine of us, including the captain and
Mr. Moreton, one of the owners, in the same den together.
Alderman Platu, after having asked the applicant several

questions as to his claim, and leara,d from him that the
Thames Pulice Magistrates had nut the cognizance of the
slain, as the vessel was not in the River, said that he had
no doubt of the justice of the demand.
The LORD MAYOR expressed a similar opinion, and, in
conjunction with the Alderman, signed a certificate to that
effect.

Wright said that the owners were perfectly willing to pay
the arrears, but required the certificate as a matter of ne-
cessary form.

MARLBORO UGH-STREET.

Mr. Alder, pawnbroker, of Berwick-street, was yesterday
summoned before Mr. DYYR by an informer named Birch,
for an alleged infraction of the Pawnbrokers Act.
When the case was called on the informer intimated his
desire to withdraw the information, as, on application at the
Stamp Office, he had discovered a circumstance which
vitiated it, but which laid Mr. Alder open to another in-
formation on another ground.
Mr. Alder appeared to be reluctant to allow the infor-
mation to be withdrawn,but
Mr. DYER said he had no power to go into the merits
of the question, because the informer had a right to with-
hold his evidence. He therefore must dismiss the case.
The informer hinted that he had some hundreds of cases
against other pawnbrokers, on similar grounds.
The question appears to be simply whether a pawnbro-
ker, having his name, &e., over the principal door of his
shop, is likewise bound to have his name over every other
deer which lie may choose should open into the same shop,
for the accommodation of those persons who may wish to
pledge their property with a greater degrea of privacy.

HATTON-GARDEN.
JOSEPH Any AGAIN. -- Yesterday Mr. Wakefield, a
merchant, stated that the notorious Joseph My had sent
him a letter stating that he could inform him of something
to his advantage upon his advancing a sovereign. The ob-
ject of the money was a secondary consideration ; he merely
wished to know whether Ally could be prosecuted if he,
wore to advance the money.
Mr. ROGERS—Pay him the money if you like I cannot
advise with you. If you givc hint iuto ctistody and br;a6,
him here, perhaps 3rqu lAA), rAake taut a ease against him.
chargesliu4eof4 w
whenas finallytbe e
office wasxmin
ae d o
unusually
n v
crowded
by his victims.

Mr. Flower attrndad fur the prliener.
Mr. Smith, enach.niAnuctieturer, of No. 8, Little James-
Areeti Chars lun-roai, p wed that about Ave weeks ago

t he prisoner hired a chaise and of him, when he
asked the price of it. Witness i him twenty-two
.-uineas. The prisoner said that I ,irg to the country
to see his father, and he would t. gnmmon" the old
man to purchase it. He paid ten shillings for two days'
hire, and he never brought it back again. The chaise, Sze.,
were traced to the poss.ess:en of Mr. Balls, livery-stable-
keeper, of Holloway.
Mr. Balls proved that the prisoner, on the Zbth of August
last called at his stables, and agreed for the hire of a grey
mare, saying that he was going to see his father, at Toot.
ing. He returned on the following day with the mare at.
tached to a chaise, which was slightly injured, and asked
witness lif he had a sound mare to dispose of. A bay
mare was produced, and tried in harness, when he was in-
formed that the price would be twenty-five guineas. He
seemed quite satisfied, and said he would take the animal
to his father at Tooting, and if he approved of it he would
return with the money aid the charge for hire, and that lie
would leave his chaise as security for the return of the
mare. He never returned, and the following Stt6ay.he
met the prisoner in the New-road, and gave hit!: into cult*
tody, when he promised to return the mere or pay the
money if he (Mr. Balls) would accompany him to Tooting.
He walked with him as far as Holborn, when he confessed
that he had parted with it for nine pounds, at Robinson's
in Little Britain.

The property produced was identified I y the 1 rosccutor
and other witnesses.

Tile prisoner reserved his defence, and was fully ccm•
mitted for trial.

Several witnesses here presPA forward to exhibit fresh
charges against the prisoner ; but Mr. Roctias told tbein
they might attend and indict Om at the Sessions, as a suf-
ficiency of cases had been received.
Margaret Bidner was finally examined, charged by
Thomas Fisher, Esq., of No. 31, Queen-square, Blooms-
bury, with having robbed him of silver plate, a gold watch,
and other valuable property, to the amount of nearly a 0 01.
The prosecutor having been sworn, stated that the pri-
soner had been in his service durinc, the last eighteen months
as housemaid, and implicit confidence wts reposed in her.
On Tuesday last he discovered that a silver tea-pot was
missing, and o❑ questioning the prisoner she said that' she
had lea it with Mr. Simmons, a silversmith, to repair.
Witness accompanied her•to Mr. Simmons, and found it to
be a falsehood ; and on their return home, he discovered
that. almost every article of his plate was missing, when the
prisoner confessed having pawned the best part of it, and
handed him 54 duplicates. On giving her in charge, and
her being searched, 4S other duplicates were found, relating
to the property stolen.

Inspector Jenkins proved that the prisoner said in his
presence, that the \thole of the property pledged belonged
to the prosecutor. Ile had traced another t obbery to the

prisoner.

Mr. Fi.her stated to the bench that the prisoner's sister
had been transported for a sintihr robbery ; and he had
also ascertained that the person who recommended her to
him represented herself as a lady's maid, when in fact she
was her own sister.

Mr. Ron Ens said he never heard d a nitre infamous
robbery in all his life, cud the prisoner, who said nothing,
was fully ronimitted for trial.

UNION-IL.ILL.

The landlords of two public huuics in the district of this
office were summoned fur refusing to provide quarters for
two recruits, billetted on them the preceding day.
It appeared that one cf the recruits went witu his billet.
which was furnished to him by the bitlettiug constable of
Lambeth, t 1 the house of one of the defendants, and
having produced the docum:-nt he was told that he could
out be permitted to remain there, as there was no room in
the house at the time. The recruit was therefore com-
pelled to go back again to the billetting constable, and he
wasputto considerable inconvenience owing to the refusal.

The defendant did not deny the fact of his having re-
fused to admit the soldiers, and said that he could give him
no accommodation, unless he turned his own family out for
that purpose.

. .
The magistrate read the clause of the Mutiny Act in
re7orence to the rtfusal of publicans to give quarters to
sohliers billetted on them, by which a penalty of .51., and
not less than 405., had been foifeited. The magistrate
fined them 40s.

THAMES OFFICE.
THE PILOTAGE LAWS.—Yesterday Pt ease involving a
question of Considerable importance ; first, as to outward
bound vesi,els to Hamburgh being subject to the pilotage
laws ; and, secondly, as to whether steam-ships come
within the meaning of the Act of Parliament, was decided
at this office, and created very great interest among the
pilots and steam-boat masters. The case came bjore the

111agistrate (Mr. BALLANTINE) in the shape of an informa-
tion againSt Captain James Anderson, master of the No: tle
Slier steam-ship, who W4S charged with having on the 14th
of May last acted as a pilot on board, in the parish of
Gravesend, alter John Henry Burnett, a pilot duly licensed
by the Trinity-house, had offered to take charge of the
steamer ; whereby the defendant had forfeited the sum of
15/. 13s. being. dauble the amount a the sum which

would have been demandable for the pilotage (f the ship.
Captain Anderson pleaded Not Guilty.
Mr. Pelham, the solicitor, stated the ce fur the prose-
cution, and put in the consent to file the information from
the Corporation of the Trinity House.
Mr. BALLANTISE referred to the L9th section, and said
he was of opinion that steamers ought to be exempt by the
co►u►non sense of things. Pilots had- to reeeive a c:•rtain
education before they were licensed ; but, however expert
they might be in conducting sailing-vesscl.; it might require
a d'ff,.Tent degree of skill to condtiet a steam vessel. A
pilot superseded a muster in the cowman:la a ship, and
the master of a steamer, it must be supposed, was ap-
pointed because be understood the nature of the engines
and machinery. lie did not undersLnd how the new
science was to be engrafted on the -ancient custom. How-
ever expert a pilot might be as a seaman, he might be a
very bad, eunriacer.
Mr. rell7atn, after some further discussion and evidence,
said the Trinity. House were very anxious for a decision on
the point whether steam-vessels were subject to the Pilot-
age-laws, and by the opinion of the Bench they would in
future be guided.
The case was then gone into. _ _

John Henry Bennett then deposed that he was licensed
as a pilot from London-bridge to Orforduess. On the 14th
of May, he went on hoard the North Star, as she was
leaving the Pool for Elamburgh. He produced his license,
and tendered kis services. The captain said his orders
were not to take a pilot. lie went down with the ship to
Gra:csend, and again offered his services, which were re-
fused, and the captain told him if he continued in the ship
be should take him to Hamburgh, and he left her and
went ashore.

Iti cross-examination by Mr, Walton, the defendant's

solicitor, who very ably conducted the defence, and took
several technical objections to the information, which were
overruled, Bennett said he could have gone on to Or-
fondness if he had plc:iced. He knew if he had been taken
to Hamburgh he could have claimed half-a-guinea a day de-
tention money.
Mr. BunnEntr—Why did you not go on, and raise the
question of half-a-guinea a day ? Mr. Bennett—Our or-
ders were to g..lt back as soon as possible.
Mr. Walton—The pilot did not make an attempt to go
to Orfordness. He stopped forty miles on this side of it.
Mr. Bennett, in answer to questions from his solicitor,
said if he had gone to Hamburgh it would have interfered
with his duty, and a special license, moreover, was required.
Mr. BnoDunti—Should you not have considered your-
self entitled to the hulf-guinea per day if you had gone
to liamburgh ?—Mr. 11.:nnett—Yei, and the penalty to
boot.

Several pilots then gave evidence that it was the in-
variable custom of the Dutch traders to come in without
pilots, but to take them on board on going outwards to
Hamburgh.
Mr. Walton contended that tho defendant was not liable
to the pilotage, and that he came within the exemption of
the 59th clause, and that vessels propelled by steam did
not come within the meaning of the Act. He said it was
the intention of the Legislature to exempt steam-vessels,
and a Bill was brought in, which passed the Commons,
and was sent up to the Lords, exempting steamers front
pilotage ; but the late King's death stopped its further pro-
gress. lie also submitted that the case had &ilea, inas-
much as Bennett did not proceed to the limits prescribed in

his license.
Mr. BALLASTINE said the pilot was coerced, and com-
pelled to leave, by the threat of being taken to Hamburg.
The captain plainly manifested Lis determination not to
employ him, and the pilot was justified in quitting the ship.
The case he knew was full of peculiarities, hut he was very
happy to know that an appeal would set him right with the
Commercial Steam-packet Company. The only question
that remained for him to decide was, whether a steamer
ought to take a pilot or not. If she had been coming in-
wards, the express terms of the Act of Parliament must
have exempted the No,•th Slar. The Act of Parliament
used the comprehensive terms " ship or vessel," He could
not say a steamer was not a ship or vessel, because it was
pro
Anderson
pelledbymchn
aindioeul;
theat pilt.tage, and. the costs.
id he, therefore, convicted Cap-
tainßliODEßlP declined giving any opinion on the case.
The penalty ant. .1 costs were immediately paid.

- -
PADIIIANI, COLNR, &C.—The area l.raa distress
which has existod in these districts for the last few months
is now, we are glad to say, considerably alleviated. Work
is becoming- every day more plentiful, and the extraordi-
tadl'resnfot
diffused
n a
nary cheaFness of potatoes, fruit, and ether articles of fond,
with the
,prospect of an abundante hie
gPneral and prevalent feeling of caws mvrastt:v has
'a
ot
contentment,
