PA.RtJ A.NIE NT,

HOUSE OF LORDS', JUNE 2.
•
Mr. HYAM, from the Office of the commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt, presented an account of the
Unredeemed Debt for the year ended sth April, 182:1.
Lord DUDLEY and `VALID took-the oaths and his seat, on
his accession to the title. .

Lord STANLEY. and other Members-brought up a message
from the House of Commons, requesting the attendance of the
Earl of Chichester befOre the Committee en the claim preferred
by M. M'Adams.
The Earl of CHICHESTER being in the House, expressed
his readiness to attend, and the same was communicated to the
Commons.
A message from the Com Mons also communicated that the
House had granted permission-to Sir George Clark and 11r.
Davis Gilbert to attend their Lordships' Committee on the
Weights and Measures Bill.
The- Earl,of DONOUGIIMORE -Presented three petitions
from individuals against the Irish Grand Jury Presentment MIL
The Earl of DARLINGTON presented a petition from
Charles Piti, of Adam-stre.wt, Atlelpg'ltgainst the With and
28th sections of the Marriage Amendment Bill, and suggesting
44 additional clause.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE objected to the petition being
received, as inconsistent with their Lordships' regulation not to
receive a petition front any individual except it complained of
a speCific grievance.
After a few words, from the Earl of DAILLINGTON, the pe-
tition was rejected.
On the motion of the Earl of ABERDEEN, the Scotch En-
tails' Bill was read the second time, and ordered to' lie commit:.
ted on Monday se'ennight ; after which his Lordship propOsed
that it should stand over, in order that it might have the fullest
consideration in the quarter which its provisions would most
materially affect.. •
The Marquis of LA NSDOWN presented a petition from
John Clarke, of Skipton, in YOrkSkire, complaining of having
been committed to hard labour in the tread-mill of the prison
at Northallerton, and detained one year and 44 weeks for want
of sureties in articles of the peace exhibited against hint by his
wife. His- Lordship said the present petition bore upon 4 bill'
which was botbre their Lordships' House, in which. the matter,
complained of was provided for. Though he knew theta; was
some difference of opinion on the tthestion of the power of the
Magistrates to commit to hard labour before conviction, yet he,.
had no hesitation in saxing, that in the present instance, if not
illegal, it wits highly inexpedient to have committed the indivi.
dual to hard labour, and more particularly to that species of
hard labour. Of the necessity of preserving the distinction.be-
tween prisoners committed and prisoners convicted, there was.
no difference of opinion, iu any quarter. His Lordship also
presented a petition. from the inhabitants of Whitby, nraying
.the House to take measures for the,gradual abolition of slavery
in the Colonies.—BOth petitions were ordered to lie on the table.
Adjourned till to.morrOw Ohis day.)
