CANTON.

We noticed in the Singapore Commercial Register
of the 13th June, that the vessels Franck Charlotte
and the Guardian, bad been chartered to convey ,
from thence about 400 Chinamen to the Mauritius,
to be employed there as free labourers on the sugar
plantations.
This fertile spot, situated under a most genial
climate, presents a wild field for the exertion of
human industry ; and whilst the universal desire of
the present era is to see slavery wholly extinguished
every part of the globe, under which system all
the cultivation and labour of the place has been
hitherto conducted, we cannot but rejoice to ob-
serve, that the difficulties arising from the sudden
change of the order of things, towards the accomp-
lishment of this humane end, should have the
prospect of being so, effectually removed by the
measure now in progress ; which, by proper treat-
meut of the emigrating party, may ba carried, we
conceive, to the fullest extent of every want of the
'lsland, and eventually prove ennducive to the greatest
good, and the advancement of the colony.
Wherever Chinese congregate, there industry
seems to be established, and with industrious habits
they bring the knowledge of all the useful and do-
mestic arts. They are good carpenters, ironmongers,
b!acksmithe, boat-builders, shoemakers, tailors,
dyers, agriculturists, fishermen—and expert in every
species of handicraft. They possess a willingness
of exertion, which, by conciliatory treatment, is
easily preserved ; but although they are a people
nurtured under despotic power, the sod of tyranny
and oppression will not be borne by them from a
foreign yoke. They have shewn themselves the
most useful and valuable members of every colony
where they have hitherto settled, and have contri-
buted materially to their advancement in their in-
fant state.
We believe that on a former emigration of some
Chinese to Trinidad, and from whence they soon re-
turned, one of the circumstances of its occasion was
a singular aversion which they had to the native
females, they being black—a cast of complexion—in
both men and women—which the Chinease appear
to have a particularly strong aversion to—even
viewing those people of colour as an inferior race
of beings.
It ia to he hoped, however, that this dislike may
soon be overcome; and that the attachment so ne-
cessary to the formation of domestic habits and co-
lonization, may prevail its those countries in which
they mayin future fix their abode. The Malays and
Chinese become very early associated, rear numerous
families, and form generally an orderly society.
