_MEN( f i PAVERS.

ROME, SEPT. .10.--o'ii the formal demand of his
Cati:olic Majesty the King of Spain Ferdinand
l-gl!►iess's Government has ordered the
Prince of the, Peace to quit RoMe. He resides ad

interim, at Pessaro.
BERLIN, SEPT. 17.—The Count de Carman,

the F,ench 'Minister to this Court, has just arrived.
Prince Wittgenstien, Geeat. Chamberlain, Minis-
ter of State and of Police, set out yesterday for

Vienna.

PARIS, SEPT. 27.—The .Princess De Chimay,.
of the House of Fitz-James, daughter of the
late Marshal, died yesterday,,in the midst of her
relations and friends, at the age of 69 years, of
a lingering and painful malady, which she bore
with super-human patience.
His Majesty has appoh4ed the Viscount Mau-
rice de Bonzet Consul of France at Rotterdam.
Lord Stewart, the British AmbaSsador at Vi-
enna, is just arrived in this city.,
The Booksellers at Leipsiek'bave Lady cele-'
brated, by a brilliant fete, the re-boin liberty of
the press in Germany, in consequence of the fall
of Buonaparte.
PARIS, SEPT. 28.—1 t appears that notwith-
Sunading the prognostics of the Vine Planters and
Tavern Keepers, the prices of wines will not rise
this 2utumn. The warm weather and abundant
rains which have succeeded two months of parch-
ing drought, having wonderfully increases and
mellowed the grape, it %will produce infinitely
more than there was reason to expect.
'Pe Prince of Wa4ram, Prince of Essling,
Duke of _Dalmatia, Duke of Reggio,. Duke of
.Allmfera, Count St. C.yr, and Counts Autichamp
and Suzanet, have been named Commanders of
the Order of St. Louis.—The Duke of Berri ar-
rived yesterday at Metz.
ROME, SEPT. 10.—His Holiness has addressed
an apostolical letter to the Catholics of Holland,
in which he declares the election and consecration
of Willibord Van Os, as Bishop of Utrecht, to he
null and void, illegitimate and sacrilegious ; and
that all those are sacrilegious who assisted in his
election.

DRESDEN, SEPT. 17.—0 n the 2d inst. all the
Brigadiers of the Saxon army met at Marbourgh,
where the Officers of the Staff then were, and
sent .to General Thielntim addresses to Congress,
• in which they petition the Allied Powers, in a
respectful manner, to reinstate the King in the
possession of his dominions-. The whole Saxon
army is animated with the same loyal sentiments.
The burthens which still oppress Saxony are
grievous, it is true ; but we bear them with pa-
tience, in the hope that our condition will soon
be amended.
The inundations occasioned by the heavy and
long continued rains have swept away a great
portiou of the crops, and produced extensive da-
mage, which greatly aggravates the sufferings of
the people of Saxony.—Leipsick fair is at hand ;
• but wecammt as yet give any opinion on the sub-
ject, as the unsettled state of the affairs of Eu-
rope cannot fail to have an effect upon that great
mart.
They write from WinsAw that the General of
Division, Dombrowski, has informed the Polish
army, that the General of Brigade; Wasilewski,
was provisionally, and, until ulterior orders were
received front the Grand Duke Constantine, Com-
mander iu Chief of the Polish troops, and charged
with the Administration of the War Department.
The works at the four strong places on the Da-
nube, Braila, Isakze, &c. are continued with
much activity, and materials and workmen are
regularly sent from Moldavia, where the conta-
gious disease has now ceased.
SLAVE TRADE —The Journal de Paris, in re-
viewing a pamphlet translated from the Eaglish
and Portuguese, entitled " Remonstrances of the
Brazil Merchants against the violent Seizure of
their Ships by the English Marine," has the fol-
lowing remarks :
" The late Treaty of Peace signed between
France and the other Powers, imports that the
Slave Trade shall be permitted to the French for
five years, and at the expiration of that period
shall be definitively abolished. The. English had
granted to Portugal a similar permission by the
Treaty of 1810. The publisher of this pamphlet
thinks it will be useful to the French traders to
furnish some examples of the manner in which
the Officers of the English Navy and English
Courts of Admiralty have acted under that treaty.
" The period of he observes, " is gone by; Eng-
land has determined to cause the cessation of the Slave
Trade .and it is only with reluctance that she will tolerate
it in the French colonies, for the short space of five years.'
" The clause of permission in the Treaty
brought upon Lord Castlereagh the animadver-
sions of many Members of Parliament, and was
loudly disapproved of in England. saute
thing is confirmed by various articles from the
English Journalists, who have shown for the Ne-
groes a tenderness truly fraternal. It may be ob-
served, .however, that they have only given a
loose to their philanthropy at a time when their
Colonies were sufficiently provided with African
cultivators, and %viten England still maintains
slavery in both the Indies ; but when self-interest
conceals itself under the mask of humanity, it ad-
vances towards its object without troubling itself
about the justice of its recriminations, or the
force of-its reasonings.
" Lord Castlereagh defended himself on the
ground of the impropriety of dictating to the
French nation laws opposed to the interest of its
commerce and colonies. He gave to 'the House
of Commous the assurance, that the Emperors of
Russia and Austria were favourable to the wishes
of England ; adding, at the same time, that it
was vossible the definitive abolition of the trade
inight he pronounced at the approaching Congress
of Vienra.
" These frets demonstratively prove that.the
Slave T;.ade, ti.ough at this moment indispensa-
ble to the Brazils, and, the Colonies restored to
France, is no longer expedient for England, who
can do svithout
This
question, considered, in itself, is of very
easy solution. Doubtless, the sli:vieli:yryott:tolee
block', like tl!at of the whites, is ettta
max bits of religion and humanity : but has not
the French Government, while consecrating the

grin :iple of abolition, a right to give its colonies
i,ne to prepare for that measure When
England adopted this principle, did she not deem
it proper to postpone the period of total aboli-
tion ; and has she. not removed .to a still more dis- •
taut date the emancipation of the slaves tran-
spotted to her colonies ? Ilow can that nation'
condemn in her neighbours the prudent conduct
of her own government ? When • this question
was discussed in the 'louse of Conppons, how
would the English have looked, had France, in-
terfered, in the name of morality, in that discus-
sion, and preicribcd the conduct which they were
bound to. pursue ? How would British pride have
listened to stteh a claim ? The veil which covers
the poky of England on a point so important to
our colonies, and especially to St. Domingo, is too
thin to require to he Corr asunder."
