STATE PAVER.

ANSWER TO MR. MORTER'S DtCLARATION.

The undersigned &cretary.of State to his Ma,-
jesty i‘as had the honour' to receive the letter sent
under-toyer. to 'hint, and although yon are not
willing to accept 'any official answer 4i.mn a 140,
vernmenit whose aolbority and legality you do
*not acknowledge, you will permit ire, in reply to
tire 'said `eeter, to coininunicate what I know his
:Majesty m?. most•gTacions Sovereign wishes you,
as the Envoy Of. his Royalllighness the Prince
Recent, partictilirly to notice, in judging of„ the
- • -
conduct. of the Notwegjan people and his Ma-
jesty 'towards Grett Britain.
The Norivegitin na'tion has -always' 'regarded
Litgland 'as its-best' friend and natural ally. lu
the treaty between Siveden and England, respect-
ing the annexation of No'rway, the English Go-
vernment' exhibited a t•egat)l for tire liberty and
happiness of the Norwegians) 'Vellich was 'sincere-
ly e,tiritated, and served (wearer-in:rage-a hope, that
England would 'never lose _sight of what 'tkitis li-
berty and happiness consisted 'of) ecpeeialty'as the
Ministers had expressly detraied; titat -they had
trot guaimuteed Norway to Swedun ; that is to
say, they had not,
,gataranteect the loss of' that
country's •freetiont_and happiness. It was eOlise-
toiently to be hoped, the Nora eoan -people
did hope, that Great Britain would have proVed-A
friend and proteCto.f, Who; in seeming to the Nor-
wegians the possession of this benefit, would first
exiamine -into: What it cOrisisted of ; and it it could
be aceompilshed by their being subjected to. a state,
whosegoveiiiinerit has ill-ti.eated the l's-orwegians,
by,/even in a.time of peace,-- establishing a-Most,
oppressive and adisgraceful system of starving a
whole.-nation, and which has Served to increase
that natnitl hatred whicli,
...as is • well, ;;corn,
existS Ween both' iieig* hbours— After' such
treatrheat , it is scarcely necessary to produce any
other evideneC! to contradict the assertion, cif the
of Siv'eden, that the. Not Aregialls
Avished-nothing more. than to be united witlt
Sweden under lids benevolent guidanCe. Both
yciti attil your' Government' will feel it ,ineumbent.
to exainine into these truths.; for the purpose of •
laying the fouiriation for iv-strong mediatirtit be-
t‘Seen Nor'lvay• and Sweden the most bonoura-.
office a great State crin
,tindertake, when it is
intinenced..by prineiplesfOunded upon the riglitA
of nations.; and a generons policy.
The proceedings of the Diet, and the universal ,
sentiment of the people, will prOve to you'that a
suljeCtion' to Sweden,, such as is efinfemplated iri
tlie Trv'aty
.ot -was ineompatible with
the happiness a rid liberty Of the ';':;orwegians ; and
eery _ Englishman, every one thAt leek warmly in
favoiir of freedom And national e4-6"rth, will tiocbe
surprised that a nation, never acknovdedged
itself to be a 'province of Denmark, but
rate and'freely united IciiiiAdoin, should refuse to
allow itself:to he gii,:eti"awity as moveable property
or any other transferlibte tiling t 'the 'Spanish ‘NaL.'
Lion wonht riot subibit 'to thiS degrailation_and
_was Supported by England in her gloriobs'opposi-
tion io the efforts of tyranny.
1 he' national feeling,
_though noble, Would,
withoht a director, have produced anarchy and
contusion,' -is lio rt would
Norwegia have suimit-
ted without resistance to the entrance of-the Swe-
dish troops into the crnintry. It seas till; Consi •
di-ration that iinlue'ed the thedStailthi idol', Prince
Chri,; ran of Denmark, to tFmke upon hint the mart-
ageinent of the State, and as Regent towateli over
the internal tranquility and 'external safety of the'
kingdom. W. acknowledged' that the rights Of
the people Were given baci: to them by the King
-of-Denmark ;- haying discharged them from tlicm
oath of allegi'anc'e, and assembled' 'A 'Diet, that
the "representatives of the rook: Might thenr-
sel vet' ad'opt mifionAconslittlOni." theSe
rept esentativeS appreciated his Ifiglines's's kindness
towards the people, ra-ay bit,judgettof hythe addresS
that tits' presented to him an the lltli of April,
and, imfact, no Niirwegian could possibly mistake
bisgriat ,saerifices,:for tie state.' It will ,be easy
fcir you to convince yoursell;(if the liberty. that
reig!';ed. jn the deliberations of the Diet ;
dent marks of it appears in the adopted CcMSti-
tution,, which is -.not,dictated by -an ambitious •
Prince, hut formed by men truly desirous of pro-
'noting' the welfiiie
,of their country. The, ma-
joiity of these Men .(as is proved by she actsof
the Diet) saw the necessity,' for the completion of
the Constitution, that the • electirld of, a ' King
shoubl itnniediatelytAke 3 inch situated as
the Ilegent teas, - at the head Of a. determined pecy-
pie; ,fillie-resolvtld to risk all in the 'defence of
their independene...: an I Constitution,, he had no ,
'other choice than immediately to accept the
crown, presented to him by the love and confi-
dence of:the pevale. •

The King-has sworn to•govern the kingdom of
Noryay.agreeably to the Constitution ;"-and the
Diet, at the same time, presented him with an
Address, ,all- of which is communicated to you,
and wherein'Ahe nation utters the wish that peace
might he maintained and tnntnally beneficial con.
'nectious he formed - with Sweden ; and expresses'..
its confidence. that the powerful State's who lively
-With so much exertion and success have fought for
the restorathin of peace and tranquillity *ro:Ett-'
rope, would not consent- to the Subjugation,4a
people ‘vho:have given offence to not-re; lind 'Who
only demand what the rights of nations oug,ht,,to
secure fo thern-liPertv:and peace ;--at the.same
time adding itsdet-ermination, in case theSe hopes
should be disuN'tcoititetu, to prefer the sacrifice' of
their dearest interests 4 end even death, itself,, to.

slavery. .);
His-,;,westy, at the recinest.-61 the Diet, has
traniknittetkiiis declaration tO, the (different
and
_of tiourie +0 Ghat Id -(ife;it-BriT ; and he
cannotiMtiht but it will be taken into
hich--represetits, a' peo-
cliil'able of .estimating
.the• value of. liberty;
And whir; if,placed.,..in the Same situation, would
asstir.L4l.l .prepared to nfake the 'same sa--
crificL,i ;a1 -1.14 'llsa
T”:1-,:nadei.1, that his lioyat\Eli.2;hriess he Triiioe
lie:4ent Greilt Britain, tslia so-iveirkrimvs what
is diie from a Constilutiotialltegent to his people,

. . .
Thermometer.
1 I Weather.
.I. • .
..
...; - • ':;.. -'7:, - 2.4..4 • i .4, '4 -: ' . :, ' .. 4-: l'
I.'. 1 . - •
• '''' ....:4-i ii- I 7:: IS.'': 1.*:'.72,-1 re. , -b-0 -
( -f!,* ;::, .?_.4.1 i 0-1 17-•,'-, al • -
~...• . . • Z.,
Aug. 7. ''. ° I.inelies. .
,13 51 0 i 0 71. 51 ' 30.9.0 f Fair Fair,
14 59, 5S ,70 I ,7,0 [ .02 '. Do. Cloudy
15 -58' CO S 7 Sri .01 . -Da. ]Lin
.16 61 59 67 50 I 29.90 . ;13 1 .Rain Fair.,
17 - SS .57 07 50 1 30.01 .21 I Fair Cloudy
18 60 62. 70 58 .lO , Bain - 1)o.
19 , .62 58 1Cl 45 .10 ' .04 Fair Cloutly4
. 1
I ' —4---
38 . .

th- a liti

:tle Raiu.

CORONER'S I NQUEST.

Yesterday an inquest held at the Work-
house in Jiroad--street, .St.
,before Geo.
liOn.Gs6N,' Esq. COroner for Middlesex„ on the
bodies of the unfortunate victims ‘Nlin perished in
the tire in King-street, Seven bials. After the
Jury took a view, of the remains of two of the
bodies, which were in shells, they proceeded to
hear the evidence of the witnesses. • The only
'Witness who. Was" called, and which was deemed
sufficient, was, William Nash, , who deposed that
be wie a fishmonger, residing at No. 35, 'Fitch-
field-"street. "He was acnuainted with Benianthi
Stephenson, amt.:Nit:lT his wife, .about eight years,
wliiise bnilie's' he supposed' were the two which
were dug .out of the ruins ; the deceased, 13'. Ste-:
phenson, was by trade a tailor; witness was mar-
rietl to his daUghter ;' he was 45. years .of age,.
and the Wife-55 ; theyoccupied the second floor
in the-house .of John Watltins, haberdasher, 4,
Kiag-street, St. Giles's. On Sundays.morning,
between I and 2 O'clock, some woman called
ness, who was then in bed, telling him that the
house where his fatlibie and mother-in-law lodged
was on fire ; witness proceeded to the spot, and
fOund the "house to be in flames ; on making in-
quiry for his father and mother-in-1:1w, he was
informed they got out safe, and he did not know
any thing to the contrary until 12 o'clock on
Monday, Wheti he was informed that they and J.V.4.
N.Vitkins' servant lUary \nn, Cathertne,,
.glrl 15 years of age, Perished, and that their
bodies were then in the ruins :\ the two bodies
discOA.ued, be bad 'every reaeon to believe, were
those of Mr. and Mrs. Stephenson. The Coroner
and Jury appeafed satisfied, and returned a :ver—
dict of Aceidental Peath.
There was another inquest held before the sane
Cartiriee.aticl Jury, on the bony of. ca„lerim,
a cabinet-maker, who lodged at No. fi, in the
same street Where the fire itappened, who, after
opening the door Of the house lie lodged in, to
go up stairs to his own apartment, stopped to
spe"kkiil the'Shockink aecident at the fire, which
was next door but one, when he droprd down
and expired.---Verdict, Dit'd G 1 ,the Vi.yitation of
God. •

LAW .

tomyr OF tHANQERY; AvG7 93.
tHE LATE DUKE OF QUEENkitZ4t*:' - '

TiIoUAS v. MONToQMEItY.

This wat• a renewal °fa fortner•rnOtion 411adet7
Sir, ARTHUR rIGOTT OUC year: ago, prayihg Jut,
orkur for appropriating to the uses' of tl,e praintliF,
and other specific legatees and ailUtlitau-6uncle
the Will of .the late Dnke,,certain proportiowtte.,
parts_ of the personal estate, which,
exceeded one million steriiog; to‘-vairdl satisfac=
tion of their claims, and that :web
may be made to the names of the appiicaillis-theiw-
selves, instead of remaining, as, at present• paid,
into Court, in the name of the residuary legattes.
The object of thiS appropriation Wile' to"entitle
the plaintiffs to compound int,,.rest -on their.
shares, by accumulation, to which they.werc'en,i,
entitled, whereas, as the fund was now
nattd and situated, all the benefitiof
!titian would belong- contrary to justice mid th`e•
inteotions of thtiltestator.

'file LORD CHANCELLOR observe(l,,that
plicatioh.tv'as, huneces4ary, hiS Lord-
ship nail a twelvemonth oi'der to.the
satire effect, compoudiag.all:parties interested.to
comeia before the Master to. whom the.eause
stood 'refereed, •ansil establish' their elaiws, aod in
defaillt of tfu it shdhing to forfeit 'till b,•tietit bv ur
maer the Deeree:prommoced•there bi.-foee -in this
cause. ft 'Vas the :`,laster's duty his re-
oort shOrtly',- which v...-inuld answ-ei• cLiccti:
6f this inotioh.----Th iitotiOO ‘Vas.refilsed.

THE PANTIPZON.

EX PARTE .Sl4oNEl3ffi7S'E. IN MATT or CUNDY,

A DAN K:R r

, Mr. Haiti mover{. for. an °Eder to have ".\.r.
Cuady and -a: sheriff's Bail fi :eonunitted to the
Ei-eet-PtisOn for contempt, in
_forcibly piittiniz: d'at
of possession of the Pantheon-. the Alessirger' of
this ,Court,, owlet' the Couimissionan
, and for nr-
der tipop Ir. Cundy, toe provrietOr of the cots-
co l), which was purcbased_by snid Mt. Conch-
and:the bankrupt conjointly, from Col-. C`rec tile:'

The motion ;vas oiwoseii by ;qr. I-JussLE,ToN,
on•heirtalf of Mr. Cundy, contended to
have-heen entitled to retain the poAseFion, after
the almost-rebuilding of all tke interior' of the
Pailtheon, and repairing the outside, -while the
bankrupt had, as Manager, done nothing for the
bedefit of the concern, and had even negi:!cted•to
pay to thC perfornierS a sum 01'151. so received by
hint for that pupote, and for which suits w,ere
instituted; and recoveries of such payments had
against Mr. Ctindy, &c. &d. •
Mr. HART replied, that this was no defenee..to
his application, and pray td all costs of the .pro. •
eeedings against Mr. Candy.
The LORD CHANCELLOR stated,', that he would'
not put Mr..Cundy on this motion -in place of- the
,
assignee, annpugh_the costs must be paid by, hint,
bat not to be deinntled till after the next day of
petitinns of !Michaelmas" teens, in order to give
tne parties titnp to accommodateull their disputes.
The 'notion was in part granted. . ,

POLICE INTELLIGENCE,

RESMIRECtION MAN.

was yesterday
brought up-, on suspicion of• haring stolen are
dead body of an aged •k'emale iront sonic church-
yard, as yet undiscovered. The prisoner.,w-as
sopped last inornii;g, At three O'cl(ick, in Fleet 7
4treet, with a basket on his shoulder, by a wiitclt
man, who demanded' to 'know t-he nature
,of
loam? Not to give 'a
isiitislactory uu
saver to this -question, he as conveyed to the
watch-house, and, on tit-arching his casket, the
body in question was found, to the horror imni
amazement of tbe assembled Sages of the ni4ht.
The prisoner in his defence said; that be had been
employed by:did:Sin:semi of wie Hospital to con"
vey.the body to the Surgeon of another, the case
of the deceased being of a singular description.—
The "lirisoncr was remanded, and dikeeted to have
some person in attc Ildahre• thiS'ilay to corroborate
the tritib 'of his story. The body, in the interinz,
realaiuS in-the.,bone-house of St. Bride's.
