UPPER CANADA.

KINGSTON (U. C.) JUNE Lordship'
the Bishop of Quebec, acco:npanied by his Chap-
-
lain, Dr. Mountain, arrived here lag evening.
We understand his Lordship will proceed in the
steam boat Frontenac to-morrow,. to visit the up-
per parts of his diocese.

NIAGARA, JUNE 22, IS2o.—There is some-
thing so excellent and exemplary in the conduct
of our late Sovereign George the Third, that I"
have been requested by some loyal subjects to
propose, that a subscription be entered into, to
erect a Monument to his memory ; to be
placed at York. It is hoped that the high qua-
lities of our deceased Monarch, will induce the
loyal inhabitants of this happy and highly favour-
ed Province, to call meetings and contribute,
from one shilling to a dollar a piece, to foster the
feelings of loyalty, and peirpetuate their respect
for the virtues of a patriotic King.
ROBERT..ADDISON, Minister of Niagara.

MONTREAL, JULY CHINE CANA.L.—We
are happy to have it in our power to announce
that the first rough operations of this work have
been completed; and that they have been con-
ducted with all the celerity of which they were
susceptible.

UNITED STATES.

From the Philatlelyihia Cqzette, June 99.

Sr. LOU IS,• MISSO unir.—A letter from a Gen-
tleman who had lately arrived at St. Louis, to
his friend in Richmond, Va. gives him an' ac-
count of what he witnessed during the first week,'
to enable him to form some idea of the state of
society in that section of our Country.
He arrived in town on Wednesday: The same
day, Mr. Charless, the Editor of The Missouri
Gazette, an opponent of slavery, was violently
assaulted by Mr. lsaac.N. Henry, Editor of
The St. Louis Enquirer, a friend of slavery.—
The Rev. Jos. Figgot was in company with Mr.
Charless, and endeavoured to separate the com-
batants., when Mr.lV harton Rector, the friend of
Henry, drew a pistol from his- pocket, and de-
clared that he would blow him through if he in-
terfered. Mr. Charless is a man about 50 years ;
his opponents,- 23 or 25. Mr. C. used the
shilalah to great advantage, and when the battle
ended, the amount of damages sustained fell upon
Mr. Henry, whose shoulder was unjointed.
On Sunday evening a Gentleman on returning
home, found his quarters-occupied-by a friend,-
who extended his friendly visits to rather too":
great a length—The door being locked, it was
broken open by the owner-; the visitor jumped
out of the window, a battle ensued :.the man was
struck with a knife, the woman was beaten
On Monday evening a battle royal- ensued..
It happened at the theatre, and originated in
; although that was not the immediate ori-
gin, the causes and circumstances of- it,,it is use
less to mention. The result was, that one-of-the -
combatants received several stabs in. his back
with a dirk—the other had a black eye. One '
of the spectators who interfered; received a-stab
in his hand, another in the arm, and a third was .
knocked down -with a porter bottle. • .
On Tuesday two gentlemen engaged in the
river trade, vulgarly called boatmen, fought on-
the subject of politics, w rich resulted in one of
the combatants having .his kg broken, and the
other his nose bit off. On Wednesday one
of the combatants of Monday, attacked one of
the wounded and gave him several blows ; but the
other being wounded in the arm, did not return
them. To finiSh the events of this week, a lady
of colJur flogged her husband, a white man, which
so enraged him that he fixed his gun and shot •
himself.

DILL.—On Monday, 19th June 3 a duel was
fought between Messrs. Richard Stuart and
Townsend S. Dade, both of King GeOrge County,
Virginia, on the Maryland shore, immediately
opposite their residence, at a short distance, with
muskets loaded with buck shot. Mr. Dade was
killed dead ; Mr. Stuart was so severely wounded
that he expired in a few hours after. They were
neighbours, near.relations, and heretofore friends.-
The unfortunate difference which resulted in so
tragic an end, occurred about a mere tritle';
and thus adds two more to the list of wretched
victims, who have fallen a sacrifice to false no-
tions of honour and the horrid and Gothic prat
Lice of duelling.—(Baltimore Telegraph.)

On Sunday evening last, the congregation of
St. Andrew's Chapel, North Shields, was thrown
into the greatest consternation by the following
simple accident :=About the 'Middle of the ser-
vice, a superintendant unnecessarily lighted a fire
in the vestry, which has` a direct communication
with the low part of the chapel. The wind be-
ing high, and the interior door open for the pur-
pose of bringing chairs for' the unaccommodated
part
,of the audience, a 'column of smoke was
blown from the, vestry into the chapel. In an
instant all was in alarm, and a cry of " fire " and
c,c. gas" was echoed from different parts ; an
immediate rush towards the east entrance took
place, and notwithstanding the repeated assu-
rances of no danger, from those who saw the
cause, yet still the alarm continued, and many, in
their endeavours to escape, got hurt. We are
happy, however, in. stating that no serious acci-
dent took place, every avenue and corner being
completely occupied. .A. great part „of the con-
gregation prudently kept their seats, and compo-
sedly witnessed the folly of giving way to the
impulse of momentary feeling, which invariably
increases the mischief to a tenfold degree in cases
of real danger and constitutes all the peril of
false alarm. What renders the impression more
extraordinary is that from the clearne.Ss
eveningate
the abpupranraertsus bweerien4 o
Itoft
tlliigehniteod.;t."-.. perfect
any
construction, and- completely defached fr"Oin 'the'
building, an accident in the inside of the chapel
io thus rendered quite impossible.
r

Tll.ll QUEEN.

pAY.)

-Prayers were read by the Bishop of Bats Tor..
•At.teu minutes past.tett the Call took place ; but
7tlle 4tteudance, Of PeO's wiks, 'tide quite so nu-
cierous as on the Other dar. The. Dukes of
Toni;, CLARESiCE, and. GLOUCESTER, each an-
wyriA to the call.-7-About a quarter after tell
Courrci svvre called ir.;:`,,v; :hen ,Mr. WILLIAms
beg o.; the cross-examinats of 1: JO uISA DUMONT.

• Have von been in Enliand doting the whole
vf the last thirteen months ?—No.
Do von - not understand English ?—A little ;
but I cannot speak it with ease.
- Have you had any lessons in the English lan-
' guave ?—Yes:
'• long is it sjnce you have taken lessons ?:
—Four Or.f:ve months.
••• D.id you understand the questions put by the
interpreter yesterday did not understand'
there all; but I understood one that the Solicitor
General 'put to tire yesterday.
Do you mean, of the numerous questions put to
yogi, that you understood but one of them?-1
'understood some of them, but not so perfectly as
to be able to answer them.
Have you, Y ask, understood most of the ques-
‘tio-ns put to you ?—I understoOd some.
Did you, I, again ask, understand the greater
'Tart of the questions understood some Of the
thortest. -

-1-fave you always borne the same name while
in Fngland ?—Nlo ; I have had another name.
fray
,what was that name ?—I took the name
of the place where I was born
Have you not been called the Countess of Co-
lona ?-13y one person.
And where were you living when that person
callecl,you Countess of Colona Frith-street,
Soho-square, .
.Before
.that time did not you live in Oxford-
str.!:lt
long did you live in Oxford-street ?—.ls
11,,',P.r•11S I can recollect about 3 months.
During the time y(111 Jived there were you
Iv4ver sailed the Countess. of Colona ?-4 don't
recollect. - .
yon swear you were not called the Coun-
tess :of Colona, while. living there. ?--I cannot
s,vrear, but. I have no recollection of it.---Mr.
CFoss
_placed-me in that. honse, but I did not
knovi what name- or title he might. have given
IL2e. _ _

Will you 'swear you were not called Coml.:
tess of Colona ?—f was called,so in Frith-street,
but not Oxford street.
hepjou will s.wear.that you were not called
the Oopptess of,coloea, in your presence, in Ox-
ford-street not swear,.but_l have no re-
collection o,f it.—(The witness made the same
-answer ,to- the question, as.. to whether ,she did
not answer to the imuie of the Couatess at Colona,
while in Oxford-street.) . .
Now, as you can't recollect, if you were called
Countess in
.oxford-street or not, was.not the
title..a novelty. to yon?—,T never was called
Countess eiceptin Frith-street.
(ou said yesterday you accompanied the Prin-
cess to Naples, did you not ?—Yes..-
Do you:' recollect now whether the Princess
wept to the b.Pera.at Naples on the first or on
the second night:After hef arrival there,?-1 be-
lieve it was. the second night.that the Princess
told me,she was going,to the Opera. .. . .
Then it appors that, it was on the second
141tiacter her arrival that, her,Royal Highness
vent
.to the. Opera . • , •
You have
,said, there were two beds in the
Princess's apartment; ne largish and oue smaller;
•
And that the Princess's bed was the least of
the, two, ?—Yes.
You said that when you went up to the Prin.-
ccss's, room the, rnoruiug after .she had been to
the Opera, the larger bed, had. the appearance of
two persons having slept in it, was that so ?—f
said it looked as if t.wo persons had•been in it.
I beg to know what you meant before by say-
iug,you observed that the larger bed had been
occupied, but nothing; more ?--(Reference was
here directed to be made to Mr. Gurney's notes,
when
.the witness's testimony was read over to
her—to the effect, that ,the ,smaller bed had not
been occupied, but, that the larger bed appeared
to have had two persons. sleeping, in it, on the
second night after her 11„oyal Highness arrived,at
Naples. It was now,.added.by the witness, that
she,did not.understand her having been required
to speak to any, thing but .the,conditipn of the
bed), .
Ibe to be inforMed where Hieronymus slept
when be resided at Naples 17-The door of Ilie-
ronvMds's room ppened. into the same corridor as
the"'cleor of her Royal Highness's room.
Iltid.Sir William Gell and the Hon. Keppel
Craven their servants with. them sleeping in the
same house ?—T saw servants in the day time,
but I don't know whether they slept in the same
'belie.
Had they men-servants in the house ?—They
badeeach one man-servant.
lYe younaean to say that you did not know where
their servants slept., while Sir W. Gell and Mr.
Craven were living at Naples?:—l don't know
the 11.i:ion?, and never heard it mentioned.
Can't you recollect where they slept, even for
one night. during the whole time they were at
Napl,es will not swear to it, but I don't re-
calleCt,it at all.
Po-.you mean to, swear then,. that you do not
recollect .wheiber Mr. Craven's, servant
,slept any
one night in the house ?—.At, this moment I do
not recollect it at all.
Where did you yourself sleep at Naples, I
mean id what room di,d you sleep ?—f slept in a
little apartment at the top,. above her Royal
HiglineSs"S room.
Did you sleep alone in it ?—There were two
rooms ; I slept in ones. and Annette slept in the
e!.her.

IMI you, I again ask, sleep by yourself in that
room slept alone.
Every night ?—V es, every night.
And that you will now swear every
night alone.
The whole. night alone 7. for every night? all the
whole of t'...t-night ?—1 slept all alone_ in my
room.

Yon have before said that you saw Bergami
one night coming out of his room, at'Naples, un-
dressed ?—Yes, at Naples.
Do you recollect how soon this was after ypur
arrival at Naples ?-1t is impossible to say, I
don't recollect now, 1 cannot say precisely.

Can't you speak as to wheth(4 it was a few
nights before or after your arrival there ?---:We
were four ►nontl►s at Naples, and I cannot now
recollect all that happened there.
Can you say within a week or so ?—I cannot
recollect if it was one week sooner or later.
One month do not recollect at all.
Pray, was it in the beginning, the middle, or
latter end of your being at Naples ?—I cannot
recollect.

Then it was Eotn4 night or other at Naples ?
Yes.

Where did you stand when you saw Bergami
first coming out of his room, as you described
him ?-1 was standing at the door of the room of
her Royal Highness.
Did-the door, open to the corridor near the
Queen's room ?—Yes.

'►Vas not Bergami's room at the other end of
the corridor ?—lt was not quite at the bottom.
Was there not a stair-case -between Bergami's
room and tho Queen's door, by which you might
enter the room ?—I went by a little cabinet, and
there was auothar do9r leading to the corridor,
through which I passed to my own apartments.
Ilad you a light with you ?---iiergami had a
candle in his hand ; I had none, and was going
out. •

Where were you going to ?—I was waiting to
ask leave of lies Royal fligliness to go. . .

Did .you not say that vou escaped-through the
apartments of herßoyal:Highness was there
and I escaped through the door, along the pas-
sage which led to Bergami's chamber.
Had you not then, in escaping, to go towards
Bcrganii's room, and what I mean is, had you
not, inr escaping from, the room of her Royal
Highness, to go
,nearer to where Bergami was ?
I made some steps.
Were -not those steps nearer to Bergami
or towards hint ?—(Here the witness was making
sign's in' order to describe her movement, when
she was desired by the Lord .Chancellor, and se-
veral other Peers, rather to speak than make
signs)

rI
wish
you to answer yes or no, if you did not
escape by going nearer to Bergaini ?—Yes.
Did Ilergami advance to you or run back ?—I
saw him coming towards me.
To meet you ?--I could not. see that, because
I ran out precipitately.
Had the King of Naples to your knowledge,
let a house to the Princess ?—Yes.

Yon have spoken of the night when the Prin-
cess was dressed In-the character of • the Genius
of Ilistor`• Yes.

Were not the King and Queen of Naples
at that masked ball ?-I saw, the King but not
the Queen, who, I afterwards learnt was indis-
posed.
Were not many of the ladies of Naples there
—I saw several, but did not know ,4 here they
came from.. -

Was itnotatiended by mosiof 'the Nobility ?
I saw Ladies and Gentlemen in the room, but
did not know theni •

Did any of the other Ladies take or perform
parts in the Ball ?—When. her Royal Highness
went down stairs, dre'ssed as the Genius of His-
to,ty, I remained in the room.

Then you were not present at the 'entertain-
:MCl-if ?--,No.

Do you not recollect to have seen a Lady who
was dressed as the Genius.of Victory ?---I do.not.
recollect ;• I saw-rnany_costumes, but do not re
collect any one as the Genius of Victory.

Were these costumes which you nowspeak of
worn-by any other ladies besides the Princess,us
the Genius of history saw different cos-
tumes, but none like that.
Did you see one repre >outing Fame .'—l don't
recollect it.

When the Princess was dressed for the ball,
did her Royal Highness go before the whole.
company in the saloon ?—I only saw the Prince.ss
go down from the top of the stairs, and going to-
wards the room.

Mve yon any doubt that the Princess went
to appear before that assembly ?—I believed that
she was going, to appear there.
You have said she dressed as a Turk. Wher'e
not there others in the same dress, so as to form
a group ?—I saw only the Princess in her apart-
ment. .

Did you see Hieronvmns
Did you see Sicard ; but I was told the
next day, they had been at the ball.
Did not the Princess travel by land to Jeru-
salem, and on horseback ?—Yes, but her Royal
Highness rode upon an ass.
How did you travel ?—ln a carriage with the
Countess of Oldi, sometimes behind the Princess,
sometimes before her.

The interrogation was going on u hen our Re-
porter left the House.

Mr. CANNING arrived in Lausanne on Friday,
the 19th ult. on his way to Italy, for which be
set out on the following morning.
The negociation for purchasing the King's
Theatre out of the hands of private individuals,
into those of several Noblemen, is still on the
tapis, and if fortunately concluded,i in all proba-
bility the Italian Opera, under their powerful
auspices, would obtain a higher der:ree of repu-
tation than it has hitherto done in this kingdom.
Mr. THOMPSON, a second American Roseius,
is just arrived from the United States, where he
has been playing all the principal parts in Tra
gedy, and theatrical report sa) he is to make
Ids debut here at Drury-lane Theatre.

That HER PsiAsnsTi has fella' among evil
Advisers, it is understood that even her Legal
Counsel have admitted, but if what we have
heard is well-founded, those Advisers are of a
more atrocious description than 'has hitherto been
supposed, and instead of being friendly to TnE
QuEE.,i, are making her an instrument for the pui.-
pose of convulsing and spreading consternation
over the whole Country, with the obvious view
of exciting a Revolution. If we are rightly in-
formed, but most solemnly do we/ hope it is not the
case, HER MAJESTY intends to present herself
at the Bar of the House of Lords on the conclu-
sion of the, Trial, and to declare, that their
Lordships have given themselves a great deal of
trouble to establish the fact of her having been
guilty of A.deltery, a fact which she readily
admits, and has deeply lamented ever since she
committed it, but that it was only with one
Person, and that was 44 THE HUSBAND of Mrs.
FITZREREERT !I!" The object of such advice? if
HER MAJESTY has really received it, must
be of the most flagitious nature, and can
only be aimed at His MAJESTY and the
Country. If WO had not beard this alarm-
ing information in a quarter of the highest
respectability, and that her unofficial friends make
no ssruple of avowing that they have given
her such advice, with 'their confident hopes
that she will adopt it, we should fear to present
such a communication to the Public. But it is right
that the Friends of the Country, and the Con-
stitutional Guardians of the State, should know
the full extent of the meditated mischief,
that they' may be prepared against the con-
sequences. It is obvious that such a measure
on the part of THIS QUEEN, though it might be
in a very great degree injurious to the Country,
would not be attended with the least advantage
to her, as it is evident that nothing can vindicate
her character but the complete falsification of all
the charges which have been alleged against her
by the several witnesses respecting her alleged
intercourse with Iliparamz.
