THE CHURCH.

Lord KING begged to inform the Noble and Learned
Lord (Wynford) who recommended specific motions to be
brought forward, that, if he thought proper to be in the
House on Monday se'nnight, he (Lord King) would
then bring forward his motion on the conduct of
the Archbishop of Dublin, when the Noble and
learned Lord might unthrtake that Prelate's defence
if he pleased. He (Lord King) had been accused of
bringing forward unfounded charges with respect to
the nonresidence of the Clergy. Just before coming to
the House he had looked at the last returns on this subject,
which were those of 1813. The residents, by these re-
turns, appeared to be 4,183.; and the difference between
that number and 10,588, the total number in England,
must be assumed to be non-residents. That was a fact,
and it came from the returns of the diocesans to the
Privy Council. He had a ►notion on that subject, and
would move for similar returns, distinguishing between
the incumbents appointed by lay and ecclesiastical patrons.
—(Cries of " Notice.")—He would then give notice of
moving for that return on Monday. With respect to
another subject, he must say, that the Noble and Learned
Lord (Wynford) had taken a confined and professional view
of the nature of property—and one much less philosophical
than that of Mr. JetTersoe, who described property as the
creature of law for the good of society, and therefore any
mode of Property that was not useful and beneficial ought,
and be hoped would, be altered.
Lord STOURTON presented a petition fromWetherhy,
Yorkshire, praying for retrenchment and the abolition of
p miens and sinecures.—The House then adjourned.

HOUSE OF commozvs, FEBRU.IRY 10.
On the motion of Mr. Alderman WORD, the Bill to pre-
vent the spread of canine madness was e
and ordered to be read a second time on Monday a first time,
Mr. Alderman WOOD presented a petition y next.
from the
Bridge Ward of the city of London, complaining of the
duty on coals.
Mr. TREVORpresented asimilar petition from Romney,
Mr. Alderman WOOD presented a p lition from the
Ward of Bissishaw, praying the repeal Of the assessed taxes.
Lord ARTHUR HILL presented a petition from a
parish in the county of Down, praying an alteration in the
Irish tithe system.
Mr. ABEL SMITH presented two petitions from Dis-

' senting Congregations,' praying a day to be set apart for
a general fast.
Mr. PERCEVAL presented petitions from Chatham,
and some other places, with the same prayer.
Mr. LINDSAY presented a petition from the calico
printers of Wigan, against the duty on printed calicos.
Mr. WILSON PATTEN presented a petition from
Lancashire on the same subject.
Sir R. WILSON presented a similar petition from Mid-',
dleton.
Mr. EGERTON presented two similar petitions from
Stockport.
Sir R. WILSON presented a petition from the parish
of St. Saviones, Southwark, complaining of the expense
of the new police, and of its not being under the controul
of those who paid it.
Sir R. WILSON proented a petition, most respectably
and numerously signed, from the parish of St. Saviour's,
South:vat k, praying for Reform and immediate and effec-
tual retrenchment.
Mr. KENNEDY presented petitions from Ayr, Irvine,
Kilwinney, and the frame-workers of Selkirk, praying for
Reform.
The HON. MEMBER, at the same time, postponed, until
Friday, the 18th, the second reading of his Bill for amend-
ing the Law of Entail in Scotland.
Sir W. HEATHCOTE presented a petition from Gos.
port in favour of Reform.
Mr. ROBERT PALMER presented a petition from
the West India Proprietors who are residents of Wiltshire,
praying for compensation, in the event of Parliament con-
senting to emancipate their slaves.
Mr. C. DUNDAS presented a petition from Berkshire
very numerously signed, and praying the total abolition of
slavery.

Mr. R. PALMER was happy to be able to say, that
although the petitioners prayed that slavery may be abo-
lished, the petition contained a passage which recom-
mended the ettims of the proprietors for compensation to
the favourable attention of the House.

The petition was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENETT presented a petition from the county of
Wilts, signed by 14,000 persons, praying the House to
grant an immediate and effectual Reform. It was now

beyond' the power of man to contralti the force of opinion,
which demanded Reform, and he hoped that the Legisla-
ture would show itself sensible of that fact, for great indeed
would he the responsibility of those who refused Reform
altogether at a moment like the present. This petition
had the signatures of thirty Magistrates, great numbers cf.
the Clergy, and of the most respectable persons in the
county ; and he hoped to see county meetings convened
by the Sheriff throughout England for the same object.
The petition was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENETT presented a petition from the persons
who had complained of the return for Winchilsea, and who
had entered into recognizances to prosecute their com-
plaints. They now prayed the House to permit them to
withdraw their petition, and to allow their recognizances
to be cancelled, on the ground that they believed the Re-
form Bill, which was to be brought into the House on the
Ist of March, would render the proceedings nugatory, and
effect their object.
The SPEAKER was of opinion that the House did
not possess the power, under such circumstances, to allow
the petition to be withdrawn, and the Hon. Member !Mr.
Benett) therefore withdrew his motion.
