NEGRO SLAVERY.

(FROM A CORRESPONDENT.)
The position taken up by those who have opposed the im-
mediate abolition of negro slavery is untenable—consequently
the arguments brought to support it are futile and ill founded.
A contract is said to have been entered into with the planters
at the time of the passing of the Bill in 1833—an implied
engagement on the part of the Government and Legislature
not to set the slaves entirely at liberty before the expiration of
the time mentioned in that Act. Now, in the first place, the
nature of the transaction precludes the possibility of any con-
tract expressed or implied ; secondly, if a contract has been
entered into it has been broken by the planters. In order to
constitute a contract, it is necessary that the contracting par-
ties should have a right to the subject of the contract, other-
wise the contract is a nullity, as far as regards a third party
whose interest is affected by it. Now in the particular case
before us neither of the supposed contracting parties
had any right to that which they were contracting
for. The planters had no property in the negroes,
except one, derived from a barbarous and revolting cus-
tom ; the legislature his no right over the liberty of
any of those under its controul, if they have not forfeited that
liberty by infringing the laws enacted for the advantage of the
community. How then can we imply a contrary, when neither
of the parties were in a situation to enter into one ?
But supposing a contract to exist—it has been broken, bar-
barously and cruelly broken, by the planters—putting the case
in the strongest way possible in their favour, allowing the ap-
prenticeship system to have been part of the price stipulated
for the ransom of the negroes, there has been a failure of the
consideration on their part. That consideration was the bet-
tering of the condition of the slaves during the term of their
apprenticeship, and a total liberation at the end of a certain
period of time. But what is the fact—has the condition of
those wretched objects of sympathy been ameliorated ? It is
infinitely worse than it was before the passing of the Act of
1833. The same cruel punishments are inflicted—the time of
labour is increased—the allowance of food is diminished—the
slave-master is no longer restrained by the selfish fear of in-
juring his proierty in wasting the negro's strength ; his only
object is to make as much as lie can o the short time during
which he is yet entitled to the compulsory labour of his victim.
But the planters, it is said, arc entitled to compensation.
If any compensation could make up for loss of liberty and the
cruelty to which the negroes hsve been subjected, it should
come from the ill-gotten hoards of those who have enriched
themselves at the expence of the liberty and blood of their
fellow-creatures. E. S. T.
