Fit Cil PAPERS.

PA nrs, MAY 21.—The following; Official De-
crees have been issued from the Palace of th`e
Thuilleries

" J,ocnc, by the Grace of sod, &c. &c._ On the report of
our Miuister and Secrkary of Stato and War, w•e bare decreed
as follows

" Art. t.. 0# Cousin Marstial Ounrsor is appointed POlll..
'mander-in7Cl4uf of the Corps of Royal Grenadiers and Foot
Chasscurs of lrrance. •

" t.ousin Marshal Ni is appointrd Commander-
in-Chief of the Corps of R,val Cuiras`siers, Dragoons, Chas-
s:•urs, and Liklit Horse Lancers of France.

" At the CuAle of the 'Thuilleritts, &e.
Another I)v:rye appoints FiehlsMorshal the Count d'EscA rts
to the command of the brigade of Caribiorers of Monsieur.

LOUIS."

A third appoints G;,neral Cle.notra,toNT Commandant. of.
the 18th Military Divi,ion,
.A fourth appoittts G'eneralbESSOLES, Commander-in-
Chief of the National Guhrd of Paris, to be Chief of the Staff
of Monsieur, the Colonel-General ef:the National Goards of
France. •

It is affirmed that the CoMmission of; the Se-
nate for the examination of the new Constitution
is compused of AI. 111. Bartheleniy, d'An7
glas, Destuf de Tracy, Fontaues Gamier, Lan-
juivais, Pastoret, Semonville, 'and Vimar..

The Commission of the Legislative Body is
composed of i\l, ii. Lain%, Blancard de Bailkill,
Boibsavary, Chabaud-Latour, Clausei de Cans-
sergues, Duchesne, De Guillevoisin, Duliatnel,
Faget de Baune, Felix-Fauleon. , •
The Chancellor of France has addressed to each
of the Members composing the Commission of
the Legislative Body the following letter : •

" The King, Sir, has named you one of the Members of
the Commission destined to concur in the important 'work
which is to be laid bi!fore the Senate and Legislative Body
conformable to the declaration of the .:!d of May.

I have the honour to inform yi', that the Commission
will assemble on the 22(1, at two o'clock, in the Chancery Pa-

lace. • I congratulate myself, Sir, in being the organ to Com-
municate the wishet to you. I am persuaded the
Body to which you belong will see with pleasure, in the no-
mination of the Commission, that fur this preparatory labour,
which could only be executed by a small number of indivi-
duals, the choice of his Majesty has fallen on Members who
had all received, in different circumstances, deserved testi-
monies of the confidence of their colleagues. ,
" lteceive the expression of the sentiments with which I
am, Sir, rery sincerely attached to you, • " D'AMBltia."

The King l►as commande►l tl►at the fleur-de-lis
in silver shall be the only one worn, whatever
may have been the demand for the fleur-de-lis in
gold, Monsieur having adopted-, on his arrival,
that honourable sign of devotion and fidelity to
the King, and continuing to wear it.
The Military Household of the King will, it is
said,, amount to.3o,ooCrinen

His Majesty, accompanied by the Duchess of
Angottleme and the Duke de Berri, went last
night to the Theatre Francaise, to see the play of
flercictius. A grand but was prepared for him in
the front of the house, under the gallery. Front
this situation his Majesty could distinguish all
the company in the pit, and be also seen by them.
—The presence of the Royal Party excited the
greatest joy. The verses in Heradius, which are
applicable to .the great events that, have taken
place, are considerable; and they were caught
with such avidity by the audience, that their plea
(tits caused the piece to be prolonged far beyond
,the usual time.

Between the acts the company amused .them-
selves with repeated shunts of Five le MA Five la
Duehesse d'Angoulei4e I Five le Due de Berri !
His Majesty and their Royal Highnesses respond-
ed to-these acclamations with the most affecting
sensibility. Some of the audience called out for
the third act of the Partie de Chasse d'llenri fl'.;
but the performances went on as they bad been
announced. They finished with the pleasant farce
of The Legacy. After which his Majesty retired,.
receiving from the populace outside the most
striking sentiments. of gratulation.
It seems that the conditions of Peace 'will be
known before the end of this month.

Lvery memorial of the Government of Napo-
leon is successively disappearing.. The Notaries
have substituted to the Imperial plates which de-
corated the doors of their houses, elegant scut-
cheous, with the ancient arms of France.
Ali the prisoners of war who were in Nismes
have begun their mach to return to their respec—
tive countries.

The review of the National Guard, whiCh was
to have taken place to-morrow, is, it is said, put
off to another day not yet fixed. It is believed_
-that the cause of this delay is the Indisposition of
Monsieur.

A part of the equipage of Me Emperor of Aus-
tria quitted Paris yesterday.
The Emperor Alexander and the King of Prussia
are to quit this capita: for London immediately
after the signature of the Peace, which is con-
sidered as_very near. It is certain that orders
Irave, already been given to sell the greatest part
of the horses and equipages of his Majesty the
Emperor Alexander, who, on quitting England,
will return to Petersburg with a suite tar from
numerous, and Will stop a few days at Berlin.
It is affirmed that the Pope must have made his
entry into Rome the 10th of this month. As his
holiness passed through Bologna, and even
through Ravenni, though this last .town it not
on Isis route, it iS conjectured diet these cities,
which were detached from the patrimony of Saint
Peter, are likely to return tinder the. domination
of the Pope, and that the treaties in which this
cession was stipulated will be annulled.
. Letters from TroyeS announce, that the Com-
missaries of the Allied Powers, charged with the
levying of contributions in the department of the
Aube, have, in pursuance of Orders, ceased their
operations in that and the neighbouring depart-
ments, in virtue of the conventions concluded be-
tween the King and the Allied Powers. The
Fiends Administration?* of Finsace haee, there-

fore, resumed their functions in those ,depaitli
ments, and in all those douhtless which are still
•
occupied by the Allied troops.
There has been imposed, in the departiitent of
the Seine 'and Oise, an extraordinary contribution
or 1,600,000 francs, similar to that of five mil,
lions in the department:of, the Seine, for the pi..
p6se of defraying the expence of the maintenance,
of t;e Allied troops.
The Berlin Gazette announces that the King of
Saxony has gone from Berlin to Potsdam..
The city of Antiverpbas addressed a Memorial
to the King of France, praying for the restoration
of the pictures by Rubens of which their churches
have 'been despoiled.
The-Crison territory has been.evacuated by the
Italian troops, and a Provisional Government
establiSbed. - •

From Bourdeanx we learn, that his Royal
nighness the Dile d'Angoulente will soon-gratify
am imptitienee to sees The Counnune of
Jiegle is allotted for the encampment of the Eng-
lish troops in that•vicinity.
. _

On Sunday, the, 16th, a sojeinn, funeral service
was performed at the church of Vincennes to the
memory ;of the Duke d:Eughien. The funeral
sermon, 'finely delivered by the Cure, produced
the most affecting sensations.
It aopiars that -Cardinal Maury proceeds directly
't'o -.Rome. . lie travels by short stages in a car-
riage, which contains all his etfeets. It is sup-
posed be will be at least a month on the way.
The • inhabitants of. Paris pay witl,t. cheerfulness
the neiv.tax imposed by the Municipal Council.--
They. feel that, under a paternal Government,
they ought not td regret sacrifices which are „only
pledge .of future happiness.- A Proprietor in the
Rue Saint Sauveur, when paying his contribution
to the Collector, said, midi a smile, " Sir, this
is_the first time I ever pail you money with plea-
sure.".

• They estimate at 1,200,000 francs a day the
money received by restaureteurs and furnished
lodging-houses from fOreigners, whom circum-
stances Inive:broughr to Paris. The price oflodg-
ings is. in most parts, advanced one half, and, in
some places, •two-thirds, and vet it is very diffi-
cult to procure one.

. .
An old servant of Monsieur's lately expressed to
that Prince his surprise at the • kindness with
which he received a person whose political • con-•
duet had- not been uniformly irreproachable—
" What would you mean ? 1 only (late from the
12th April." _ _

The Marquis de Charopcenetz;forrnerly Gover-
nor of tike Castle of the Thuilleries, has resumed
the (unctions of•that place. lie lodges at the Pa-
vilion of Flora.

AL de Itichebourg, formerly Intendant-General
of the Ports and Relays of France umier Louis
XVI. died on the 19th in this city, in the 74th
year of his age.
The celebrated German composer Vogler died
on the 6th inst. at Dal nistadt.

Field-Marshal Lambert (lied lately in this city.
Rum, MAY 22.—A1l the troops which formed
the numerous garrison of Hazuburgh, and the
army of Marshal Da.voust; 'Will commence their
march on the 30th last, to return to France.
The Duchess de Bourbon arrived on the 9th at
Perpignan.
We r‘re authorizes! formally to contradict all
that the Gazetteer of Lausanne, under date of the
13th of this month, states, respecting a projected
change of the Government or Dynasty in Swcdeu.
It seems to have been forgotten, that to make
such a project succeed, there must be the consent
of the Nation. It knows its rights, and does not
want even the advice of the Gazetteer of Lausanne.
PARIS, MAY 20.—There are in this capital at
the- present moment 31 Princes or Sovereigns, or
near relations of Sovereigns. The following is a.
correct list
The King of France and Navarre; Monsieur; the Duchess"
d'Angoulente; the Duc de Berri, the Due d'Orleanl, the
Prince de Conde, the Duc de Bourbon, Princes of the Blood.
The Emperor 'of Austria. The Emperor of Russia, and his
three brothers, the Grand Dukes Constantine, Nicholas, and
Michael. The King- of Prussia; his two sons, the Prince
Royal and Prince William of Prussia; his brothers, the
Princes Henry and William;. the Prince Frederick, his ne-
phew; the Prinee Augusttis Ferdinand, his cousin. The
Prince Royal of Baritria. The Prince Royal of Wirkemberg,
and the Win& Paull,' his brother, The reigning Grand Duke -
of Saxe-Weimar. ~The reigning Gland Duke of Baden. The
reigning Prince of MecklOnburgii-Schwerin, brotler-in-law to,
the Emperor of Russia, and his three brothers. The reign-
inerrince-of Hoktein-Oldenhurgh. The Prince of Meeklen-
borgh-Strelitz, brother-in-law to the King of Prussia. The
Prince of Saxe-Cohourg.

PARIS, MAY.2I.---,There has just made its ap-
pearance, a pamphlet, entitled The Regency at
Blois; or, the Last Moments of the Imperial Govern-
ment, compiled by an inhabitant of Paris who
took refuge at Blois. The author of the pain-.
phlet was in that town when the events took
place.whieh have changed the destiny of France.
lie begins his journal at dm 28th of March, and
continues it till the 21st of April. He relates as
an eye-witness what took place every day.—
The following is an extract from the close of his
pamphlet :

. .
" France will 'never forget that Maria Louisa
has twice saved it from the horrors of civil war ;
the first time by leaving Paris, where her pre-
sence would have occasioned a fatal resistance ;
the 2d time,by remaining at Blois, and opposing
the firmness of courage to the violence of 'her
brothers-in-law.
" Madam Mere also left Blois with Cardinal
Fesch, her brother, who had• arrived only there
the night before, by circuitous road.
On the first alarm felt, at Lyons, about the
12th of January, his Eminence, who had his full
share of them, quitted his See, and took refuge' at
Pradinas, in a House of Nuns which he had found-
ed. He was soon niter, obliged to quit that re-
treat, after having narrowly escaped capture by a
detachment of Austrian----cavalry, whom chance
brought there, and who left hisl-Lininenc::! time only
to mount his horse and escape. He itt ired into Au-
verge, from thence to Moritpellier, and at last to
Blois and Orleani, where he rested on Good Friday.
He set off next day for Rome, ,taking with him his
sister, who showed more ill-humour than resigna-
tion. Ber Lady of Honour, who accompanied
Her to Blois, left her at Orleans. It %VHS' neces-
sary to find surne_ one to succeed her under a nlore

modest title i but such a pcisOn Couid not be prri.-
cured in the town of Orleans. Madame Mere, on
departing, could not 'conceal her indignation :
" It is not all Ovtr yet," said she r " we Corsi-
tan's tire convetsant in revolutions." . .

" e and Joseph were undi:tingniihed in
the crowd. Louis remained awhile at, 13106,
where some interest was expressed for him. lie
also found in religion a source of wore solid con-
solation.. On Palm Sun,day,and Monday he at-
tended mass in the church of St. Louis, in a Ge-
neral's uniform. He soon after departed fur
Switzerland, Where he reckoned upon residing ors
an estate which he pos'sesses near Lausanne; and
there living on a flotation from Holland.

Jerome anti Joseph spent eight clays at Or-
ients, or its neighbourhood.- They left it on the
18th of April, also taking the route for Switzer-
lank

" Thus ended this Family of Kings, who-were
placed on thrones neither by their merit nor their
amb;tion, and who knew not ,now to preserve a
power -which they knew not ho'w to refuse."'
GEtatvA, MAY' l I.—The Ministers Plenipoten-
tiary of the Allied Powers have authorised the
publication of a document which ensures :to the
Republic of Geneva an existence as a Swiss
Cantor.

ZURICEIy MAY 7.—The Archduchess Maria
Louisa arrived here yesterday at noon from Schaff-
hausen, with a numerous suite. Her Imperial
Highness proceeds to-morrow to Alunich. This
Princess travels incognito under the title of the
Countess de Falkenstein ; ihedeelines the honours
due to her rank, and receives no one.

MUNICH, MAY 11.—Their Majeities the King
and Queen set out to-morrow for Bruchsal. The
King will return on the 22,1,\ to receive his Ma-
jesty the Emperor of Austria, who is expected
here. about the 23d or 24th. The Queen will be
absent nearly three weeks.
VI-ENNA, MAY 9.—The court ,gazette, publish-
ed to-tlay, under the title of " Official News from,
gives all the changes in that country, and
adds as follows According to the invitation
made to the King of Naples, his troops are oil
march to return to lus States."
FRONTIRRS OF SAXONY, MAY B.—it is much de-
sired.in Saxony that the late of that country may
be soon decided. Many reports are circulated re-
specting it, but, the only one which appears to be
credited is, that Lusatia will be united to the
Prussian :Monarchy. '
BERLIN, MAY 10.—A French Officer here,' who
was near the person of Bunnaparte, relates the
following :—Buonaparte wished himself to be ad-
dressed by the title rotre Providence.' Some
courtiers, admitted in private to the Despot,
did not blush to give him that title, but they
durst not give it him in public.
LEMBERG, MAY 2.---Tbe Emperor of Russia
has ordered all the Polish prisoners of war in his
States to beset at liberty, and has permitted them
to return to their homes.

MILAN, MAY 12/.---The King of Naples set out
for Bologna the 28th
.April, to return -to his do-
minions,. accompanied by the Mat pis of Gallo.
TURIN, MAY 12.—The Council of Regency
published yesterday a Declaration concerning the
speedy arrival of the King. This morning a Te
Deane.. of thanksgiving was, chaunted in the Metro-.
politan ChUrch. Count Bulma, and ali the Public
Functionaries, were present.
NAPLES, APRIL 29.—0 n the 26th of March a
truce for a year was concluded with the Regency
of Tunis, and 'hostilities not to re-commence till
taro -months after the
.expiration of the truce :
during this. interval the definitive peace to be ar-
ranged. The Bey of Tunis has stipulated for no
condition in his favour. The Neapolitan vessels
may be freely employed in the coral fishery on the
coast of Africa, on. paying the simple ordinary
duties. There is no doubt but this truce will
bring about a durable peace, and• procure liberty
to the Neapolitans who are groaning in slavery
at Tunis.—The troubles which broke out in the
Abruzzeo have partly ceased ; the inhabitants
took little part in them.

NAPLES; MAY 12.—Three Commissions have
been established the first charged to present a
project of a Constitution founded \on the indefen-,
• sible basis of the Monarchy ; the secolid, to re-
view and examine the Codes, civil, criminal, and
commercial; and the third, to improve the system
of Administration, chiefly as it relates to the re-
ceipt of imposts.
MILAN,- MAY 12:—Tursuant to an Order from
the Provisional Government, General Fontinelli,
Minister of .War, bas discontinued the exercise of
his fi'metions. General Bianchi d'Adda con-.
tinues to be charged with the Portfolio of the De-
, partukent-; _ _

GENOA, . MAY 11.,—Our port on Moriday last
offered t most striking spectacle, at the mo-
ment of the arrival of the 'King of Sardinia,
in the English ship the Boyne. His Majesty was
saluted by all, the forts and all the ships of war,
and was receiVed, on landing' by Lord Bent inck;—
A few hours after his arrival, the King. gave au-
dience to' the Civil and Militaxy Authorities.,„,of
Genoa.

STRASBURG, MAY 14.—A,large park of Russian
artillery passed this place yesterday, on its way to
Germany, by Berhausbergen. Next week, a large
part of the Russian reserve will follow. The Ba-
varian troops begin to file of by Alsace. For
some days past, we have seen here a great num-
ber of Bavarian Officers on their return.
LISBON, APRIL Royal Highness the
Prince Regent is expected here in the course of
next month. The Government is making prepa-
rations for his, reception. Our commerce is now
more flourishing than ever, and. we may hope soon
to see the calamities of war entireTy repaired.
CASSEL, i‘IAY 13.—Several detachments of Cos-
sacks have arritcd here from Paris. The'great
.Prussian field hospital set out yesten!ay for Frank-
fort on the Oder,
FRANKFORT, MAY I 6.—The first column of the
Russian corps, which passes the Rhine at Cob-
lentz, arrived yesterday at Wisbaden. This co-
lumn, composed of infantry and cavalry, is expect-
ed here on the 18th. . .

VIENNA, MAY B.—The most recent accounts
froin.Constantinople, and' other parts of Tnrkey,
contradict, in the most positive and decided man-
ner,' the reports which prevailed of the Porte in-
tending to act hostilely against Russia. On the
contrary, it is assertod the greatest harmony pre-

,I

Vails betWeeri two rowers. The prcten.::
assemhlage of an army on the frontiers of Alo,-
davia is not true. A part of the Turkish army
remains in Asia ; stmt'other intuits are statioaed
in and near 'Constantinople,. T! ("e i" It();
India will stint be disbandedy and its 'Pin as t!'''
arrears of pay-, due to the t.;:itopg cantoned at
Adrianopleeatt Ike paid off, they will also "‘-ii4
the same fate. -
Anal , MAY I.—The Journal El
an article entitled La Piterlo del Sol (the
wher" the 44 people of-Madrid asSemble), cul!
talus the following reflections :—" There i 3 a re.:;
port, that a certain number- of .I)elitiiF f
formed the project of causing
all the Acts and Decrees of the CortestV, It
first instant on which they were asserd9let
adds, " that this would be a scandalous
and that it is impossible, that a single SP,',"
Can ,be capable of such a frightful thonght;tit
The spirit of the Coates of Madrid is
of the whole Spanish nation, The arrival of A'
.;
The
Ferdinand excites much 'fermentation. tid
pular orators of the National AsSembly i"roit
boast of their Constitution, and the tePub I,ish
to he declare ottit,
ideas, 4hich form the bases of it : the 81)31-
of
people are very monarchical, and $ll ela'sestlte
the State prefer this kind of Adntinistration
stories of the Repiesentative GovernmentP,'o6,
which they are not accustomed. In the Ft"
ce3
loitt:.icamtelitietrew‘aysa
ina
fgaovoottlirdeoafl
of clistur D''
ot
ft
eGnat
Military Commandant, M. e Ltie had
the (~rdijjet,lty
in calming it. The Cortes tdhankedr,hiatOLe
and gave him the „title of excellent Citize,/"t Ca'
same disturbances have been experience", -tbe,if
diz, and the soldiery in general are faithful t° -
Sovereign and the Royal Preroo-ative. f the
The King, after receiving trie•liornage ref
of Arragon, Catalonia, and Vaienci.,,,t Cr
ceeded in the direction of Madrid. -Genet-alta,
pons accompanies Iris Majesty wilt his corPss, goa
mee, which , may be estimated at ,hetweet 1
10,000 men. This, is a nucteus, round ‘14"(;",,;e.•
possible a nullities, of other Royalists uPIY
diately associate: It may be said, that tild
party (the na*ne of the party possessed the ,its
jority in the Cortes), and the servile pgrrY free
which is designated those who tletuand
King on the Throne), are in • . -a of
other.A ese.nc
1,4
A iDRID, MAY 3.—lt is affirmed that the i„`
is preparing at Valencia a new Consti:tlt")
Charter.gt
The regiment of Spanish Guards in ga'''s°ll
-5

Cadiz displays the most exalted sential'"st
favour of the King.
MADRID, MAY s.—rßy' a Decree 'of the -(11,1
the 2d of May will be annually a fast and lit°i
ing-day throughout the Spanish monarchy...o
.01
The Cortes have decreed, that a grand 0P,!1,;of
monument shall be erected on the right 1°- •at
the Thavia, opposite the of 11001.3'0
the place where his Majesty, , Ferdinand
received in Spain by the first national arul"
The Cortes, willing to transmit to ibe I%tit•
posterity a Memorial of those great evOltfis 0.33
heroic efforts by which the Spanish i'..rat,•oll4,
liberated from the yoke of; the common 'lltle °I;
have decreed, Ist, That an equestrian stl.:•ie"`
Ferdinand VII. shall 'be erected in tht.!
the Constitution at Madrid, and that titec'iotc''
mortars, howitzers, &c. shall constitilte Litt, oro-,
rial's of the pedestal and other accompany'''
aul shall
meats ; 2dly, That a considerable prenn;
f, or
be given- to the producer of the best tles4j,,,st4
model for the same'; and, 3dly, That the
shall bear an inscription, importing, that t1i,,e,,a0
Lion which swore to dethrone the Tyrant of
had seen the accomplishmentof its wishes in r'iisrlleLl
1814, and its King, Ferdinand Vll., est3b-
on the Throne. , • ,sses,
The Moniteur of the 2ist contains two ati,"iti
of the Cortes to Ferdinand VII. the obJecircoi
which is to present to his Majesty the
fidelity and attachment with which the SPlivitl
are aniniated for his sacred person, and 'w 'l.': 'l'
him to hasten his return to his capital, tliette
resume the reins of Government. " 1.a,, de'
211 millions of inhabitants,'' sAy eyo,
pends this day upon your Majesty ; and t'l•
',ici-eit
of all the Spaniards, fixed upon yo"r
person, wait impatiently to see you P!'ic-11101
on the Throne, that you may enablE'
at length to enjoy all the advantage~
they promise themselv. s with reason fr°ll'll,„ltc-
memorable event : in a lieular, those oof"rt boe
provinces beyond sea, where disturtnoice:lis„ta-
taken place, and which have no other c` than
tion amid the calamitie,s which afflict tllcl'ivi,ol
the flattering hope of seeing your Alaiest.'storFP
von resume the sceptre o your august a"-
revive the courage and loyaltv thoscriacit'l
have remained faithful—put down tut real the
of the discontented, who strive to I"is I`e riee
minds of the public—and at length resti
to those unfortunate countries, desci"e'i, (11
Lure to enjoy happiness- under a IVIoli8rc„f 144'5,
benevolence, and under the infloe"ce, c,,pft;
dictated by justice, and the love of t";
11
The Cortes are not afrail of appearbPl'„.l,i
nate to your Majesty when they 1;1'8:: i‘iojcbl.
important truth : the accession of Y"
to the Throne is the rainbow of sereoitY
the noct,O,
to those unfortunate provinces ; a""
Constitution, accepted with cnowsias"'
aths of
out the.Monarclr, and sealed by "e ites
whole nation, is, the bond which closely " t
the parts of this vast eMpire. erY
Allie*tY delays to assume the rein' °
•As'e
ment aggravates the miseries %v h;ch 6t. "`,r
those countries drenched with the blOO,l
brethren, and weaken the ties that unite them of
the mother country."

CEZEN.N.I, MAY 7.

PROCLAMATION OF POPE rLus l'O Kjs PF,'°4

from the love of our
sURJECTS•
lie decrees of the Divine Mercy towards 'l5
are at last accompligheil. Precipitated froa:
our pacific Chair with unheacd-of Violence, r"r_l
rd
country to countrv, we were condemned .to
in chains- for nearly five years. have
sheJ
our prison
People subject to
tears of irrief,—first for the Chore I
confided 49 our care,' because we knew its cra!ll,s!
without being able to relieve, them then for r
their
tribulactio-n•' reachtd our ears, witiwut
:cttshPe diy.gged

c=!-

:of
tea

.0-

FRENCH FUNDS.
kty 21.. f S per Cents.
A,:tions of the Bank
kav 22.percent.g.
Act,,,zls of the Bank
Litter

53
970 fr.

59 fr. 85 cents.
977 fr. 50 cents.

ttl• of the Journal of a Trip to 'Paris, To-mon ow.

Inv,b
France I St. Sbastian. Gottenburgb,
I Malta, I Holland,e 1, Dublin, 1 Waterford.

PRICE OE` S't C CKS

111,11, s. Tills DAN. Al TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Dtrt• tir I Bank L. Ann.' 16.3-16tlis
4p„ c • (1')/4- India Bonds, 7a. Bs. pr.
(:1/4„t c, 67 ii Lx.clreq. Bills, 2%. :Is. ss. pr.
totr (4. '%
84,4 Onmii.iio,
' Consuk for Opening,
E. EATON Stock-Brolier, No., 2, Cornhill,
and No. 18, Coventry-stk ett.

u
Fl,l )
I 4'4
QUIS DICERS FALSUAIAUDEAt?

We al.. • c---------------1 •
. bl rivate au-
ki,,, . •-- 114ortueo, t.!orn respecta e p . _
1"14y, that .
at the Treaty is expected to be signed
..tt Pa. Ils on Sunday next, and the Allied Monarchs
set . •
*Nt far .En on the following day.—
to r,
'' ,ksT LERE AGH , it is added, accompanies them
to ,i • ,
‘,lls Country.
,40,,....._ .
We have received three days' French Papers,
tli on
hi oth, 21„t
and 9 1 whith happily relieve the
, .. , "( ,
Pllblie froxil' ;.all the misgivings which their pro-
tril
. eted arrival had occasioned. The approaching
nature of
tht treaty, and the departure of the
tinperor AtexA.NuER and KingtOf 114USS/A fO/T
x`'t nglaild' are spoken of as matters
misunderstandinr's. of • course:
a syl!ab!e is said of a
and though we do g l
not look for the eatrlie3t 84d

•-•
Stec
'for '6
in give theta citiisolation Ontr
, "lee!) affliction Was: nevertheless temnered'by the
I:Onviction that a God of Mercy, instly'diPleased
by nur sins, won't' one day lay aside 17i wrath,
the rake his Almighty arm to-'break the how of
e'lenly bent against us, and burst asunder the
vt'lhis which bound his Vicar upon earth. . Our
2infidenee has not been deceived : the' pride of
ttarl, which In its madness pretended to equal the
?t' High, has been humbled ; and our deliver
- fl-e, which was also one object of the august
has been effected by an unexpected
14„, grateful as we must be to that all-powerful
ie:idenee, who regulates at his will the desti-
titan; we shall never cease to celebrate his
rires,s.
we have determined to consecrate the first
:111ts of our liberty to the welfare of the Church.
which. cost its Divine Founder irks
be- the first' object of our Apostolic
4 ,
cur With this view we resolved to hasten our re-
-Itun t 0 the Capital ; both as being the seat of the
tre•lta,n, I),"tift, to employ ourselves there on the
manifold interests of religion, and as
'aruenc
c.'„tl" seat of our sovereignty, to gratify our
I!.otui :T.4e to ameliorate the condition- of our
bitherttu ,•j:ct4-;• but a. variety of reasons have
r'e'ebted us from doing so. Yet a little
bos„,o,"e`er, and we shall press them to our
ftd .tis a ''''trier father, after a long and pain-
-0111(11•17ruillge, Closely embraces his well-beloved
• Ln.
.
th
our De-
iegat, -e Olean dine we send before us
',,"1:110, by Virtue of A special order ttnnler
foli, trio resu•ae. for us and the Holy Apos-
1n.4..-`e r,pN7tively,,botti 'at Rome and in
Doteir
legatie"es, colijoino:y with the other subalter(n)f
p alre:ldv chosen by us,
t_l„po the exercise our
Ivipir,r4l soverehznty' , so essentially connected..
lle twilltudependence and spiritual ,upren
p'roceed, 'in concert with a Commission of
41.,e,l'omitiated by us, to the formation of an in-,
Ctinri..4t Government, and Wiii take, as well as sir
-
ia:tlnces will .allow, all those measures
•-/ con to - eof our faithful sUb-
L-t, attribute rite \,e jeer`
tell
elntl although, in consequence of certain con-
arrawremeuts, we cannot at this
ih reßuine the exercise of our sovereignty
ite-; the Other ancient os;essions of the Church,
14i "Uht'hot that we shall shortly recover them,
saeN tt"t less confident in the inviolability of Our
theins rights, titan in the enl.ghtened justice of
Lai; rncible Allied Sovereigns, from whom eve
twee already received positive and consoling as-
,nces. •
tat& he Minister of Peace, we exhort all our
tvh to be zealous in pteserving tranquillity,
kiye 's the deg wish of our heart. Should
tv:lt' dare to disturb if; under any pretext what-e
the I. le
Mall be pUnished with all the rigour or
" theJests confidence that we feel, that Our subii
Pater,„..l faithfully conform to our sovereign an
the latentions, 'we give them with all our
Oostolic benediction. •
" At c
our pe4.:Pl,l4aY PITS, P. P. VII,
1814, and of
unckqe ra
te 15th year."
\tenet., 1 -1:413 , 9.7—The Spanish
,t4hano has defeated Mare is, the rebel
tfon wit:Chtef' with great loss. had formed a June..
IN,k,Alatamoros, a Mexican ec.desiasticp re-
-141, rthte for ti's in litary talents, and as a !bscip-
-1,44t1,:4,11; they were eninpletey beaten by Senor
'4O the loss of the rehels in the action was
other
en killed, anon;; whom were 26 monks -am
ceei-,e,ciesia.stics: nuntner of prsoners
tht ( -4.'4, among whom is Matamoros hintse ,
farand soul of the faction. Ile will- be tried
tihtijwith for the murder of 'Yin Candano, an A 5.111411
.111411 C"cer t°of
rank) whom he caused not long
be shot, •

1\1111(41;
:11?•11 LONDoN To-MOOW:
nimltesaftti; J Evening, 52 minutesßß
after

LONDON, ,
771r-71?S DAY, ,11.1 Y 26, 1814.

hest infAiation On.snch i sitbjek i;ar‘s
Press, yet we think, that, if any serious matter of
difference had arisen, we Sboidd be able to
cern some traces of it even in these journals.

On the contrary; however,. they bring. Os
.A 6.
quainted with no new fact of importance:- The
appointment of our COUsins," OtrnmoT and
NET, to high commands in tire tittle') army, de-
monstrates -the firm determination of the KiNd

to conciliate all parties ; and we rejoice to learn,
from private letters, that la 3 MAJESTY has been
in an extraordinary degree "successful in this very
difficult task.

We have extracted an entertaining Account of
the last days of the BUONAPARTIR family of Kings.
A farce, like a good play, ought to have a begin-
ning, a middle, and an end ; and the end of this
loyal Dynasty is to us the hest. part of the piece,
with the other portions of which the Public have
been very sadly amused—

" And so good-night."

A new Constitution is preparing for Naples—
We should like to see it fitted on an old King.
The Members of the Senate and Legislative Body
appointed to prepare the bases of that for France,
were to meet on the 22d. •

The chief features in these Papers, however, -
are the articles relative to Spain. Were we to
credit them to the extent insinuated, we should
believe that FERDINAND (s.‘ayed by evil counsel)
,was apProAclrin his Capital at the head of a hos-
tile force, instead of a innititude intioinelable 'of
good suhieets and friends. Sincerely do we trust
that this is far removed from truth. Sincerelydo
we trust, O malignant doctrines, abandoned
by all the .overcigus upon earth, are not about
to be asserted - -Spain alone, and arld
the sufferings of .that land the greater horrors of
a civil War.--it is stated •FE ItDINAND
listening to the advice of the Grandees, by whom
he is surrounded, has refused to give the Royal
sanction to the new Constitution of Spain ; and
*that, in order to defermine this fact under com-
petent authority,,the Archbishop of TOLEDO, re-
presenting the Regency, and two distinguished
Methbers of the Cortes, representing that august
Assembly, waited on this Prince at Valencia, and
received his negative.
In this state of affairs, we. look for the best
effects from the interposition of the good offices
of the Duke of WELLINGTON. Having cleared
the Peninsula front foreign foeS, we hope he will
now crown his glory by saving it front domestic

cuemics.

We this clay give Lxtracts from American Pa.
pers, received via Bermuda. Sir ALEX. COCH-
RANE'S Proclamation, we have reason to believe, is
only the commencement of those. vigorous, offen-
sive, hostile measures, which, now we are re-
leased from our heavy task in Europe, our Go-
vernment have resolved upon, by way of-answer
to Mr. MADIoN and his Partizans. While Sir
ALEXANDER, with Five Thousand Mt n, aided by
the Seamen, and Shipping, pays his respects to
the whole line of coast from' New York to
Charleston ; taking the trouble of inspecting all
the ports, and ascertaining the navigation of all
the Creeks and Rivers .—the Expedition now in
progress for America, will, as we unde'rstand,' to
the amount of 12,000 men (and such men too, the
Liberators of Spain and-the Heroes of Toulotise)
,proceed directly to-ate Gulph of Mexico; &sem-
bark at the mouth of •the Mississippi ; occupy
New Orleans ; and. proceed up .the great river
we have just named, to find our enemies employ.:
went in the batik Settlements ; while Admiral
COCHRANE employs them en, the Coast—to de-
liver Lousiana, and all the Spanish POssessions,
from their encroachment ; and, in fine, give the
Georgians and :tiroliniatis a taste of that war of
which they are the-staunch advocates. To, Ca 7
nada, too„a reinforcement, to the amount of about
5000 more troops, will be sent. These, with the
brave men who have so nobly defended that
luable Province from invasion, will be strong
enough to carry invasion, in turn, into, the
Northern States.

• Such, we are told, is the.outline of the Cam-
paign preparing for Ameilea this &tinnier. The
fall of BUO;sIAPART, and these measures, are the
best arguthents than -can be applied to such an

adversary as America.
Among o►ir.Extracts will be found the deci-
sion of the Judges of A'nierica, (Judges worthy of
such -a Government) that British subjects may
shake off their allegiance, and become American
Citizens and Soldiers. We are not surprised at
this, knowing that these Judges are most of. them 4
Candidates for Office, and are removeable at the
pleasure of the Government. But it will not be
by their. verdict that this new anti-national doe,
trine, of what has well been called " Ambulatory
Allegiance," can be established.

In the interesting discussion at the India-House,
yesterday, Mr. ImPsY strongly advocated a Mo-
tion for an increais of allowance to 'the Right

‘iiARRELk4 i'at;6l.l
was deir,ativei!, titii on kriiiinds as ~ioiil►u'r file td
ii4stifzcs t3§ to the 'Court of Dire.ctii=
denied Jr. asTtNGs' merits; nor
that he crn3 well entitled to a ieeornpence
for the persecntion . he etidured irOth
But the Honourable W. ELt.itiztsrogk (tii
t.:liairman); and Mr. GRANT, id a diannel•
which proved thein to be. not. only the stincti

defenderS of the Coinpany's rights; 'and the
honest Stewards of its purse; but .also moss
tiprighti and independant nien, contended, that
they ought to be at the same titrie liberal and
just ; and that however much it. might be wished
to act with even a profuseness in the reward dF
services, yet thitt Mr. HASTINGS had been arnplY,
considered, and that it was due td the Maims of
the
,old Servants of the CO:n7pany anti the Soldiers
who had bled in their cause, So to husband their
funds as to be able to do more for tberh than Wag
done at present—pay their Apotheakiries'

While we eicpresS our gratitude to the t.egit-
lattite for their wise and. judicious postponement
of the dkcussiOn on the Corn:l3iH, which Will
afford time: for the perfect nritiifeStation of the
sense of the Country on the important theiaure,
we rejoice to have to state another instance of a
practical improvement (without an Act of
larlia-
ment), on the existing state of things :

RALPH Houn csoN, Esq. of Gainford, in the Count'', of
Durham (says a Pro;incial Paper), a Gentleman possessed df
considerable landed property, has, in consequence of the de-
pressed state of the markets for all kinds of farming produce,
given order for his farn-s to be reduced Ime-lburthilf the pre-
seat Rental ! 11—fin example highly worthy of imitation by
the rat of the Landholders in the Kingdom.

It is said, that, before the Allies entered Paris,
a proposal was made to ail who had been concern-
ed it) the murder of the late King, to retire from
the country with their property.7—They preferred,
however,,trusting 'to the clemency of Louts the
Eighteenth ; and, to the regret of mankind, they
have not been disappointed
It is gratifying to see.. that the American Go-
vernment is held in contempt by all ".;)lo are not
interested in supporting it.' MamsoN, some time
ago, wrote a despicable book, in which he at-
tempted to, justify the subjects of other States
in throwing off their allegiance ; and ,we see
that the Judges in America are so mean (four
in six of them), as. to set aside the ±,aw of Nations,
in order to prop the Code of PRINCE MADISON.
MADISON,'S Book was on EMIGRATION, rend EXPA-
TRIATION, and it consisted of poor sophistical
attempts to justify his own system upon.the prin-
ciples of Ihitish Jurisprudence. The work was.
di.persed in America, and probably lc- i 1 I never be
heard of in this ~..ountry.
The na. ws of the invasion of France had alone
reached America; and one.of MADISON'S adherents
openly expressed his w sh, that not,a man of
the Allied Armies,. combating the Emperor in his
own kingdom, might escape alive !" Another
Solomon declared, there could be no peace in
Europe, till BUONAPARTS dictated' it- under the'
walls of Vienna. Private advices state., that the
American frigate Constitution had' been. chased
ashore, near Marblehead, with little chance of
getting off again. The President, and, several
other American -frigates, had been. dismantled.—
The report of Sir GEORGE VREVOST having de-
manded an Armistice, provel, as we ahspeCted,
.to he incorrect. The American Government, not-
withstanding their pacific professions, are strain-
ing every nerve to carry on the war on • the 'side
of the Canadas.

'file :americans have been in so alarm at
New-York, that the specie deposited in the banks
of than city has been withdrawn into the interior
of the country.—The following is an extract'of
letter from •
" BERMUDA, APRIL e 2 G.—l send this letter by the Cansce
schooner; which goes home with the news of the Ai erican
Embargo having been taken off. Aliintsoal has not been able
to procure money in the way of loan, or by any othenexpe-
diem, to carry IM the war; and if he could have succeeded, I
imagine he. would have continued the Embargo. The Pe-
claratikm of the Blockade,Af the whole Coast of America will,
I think, disappoint all IVlaolsoN's efforts to procure maney."

According to subsequent letters, we learn that
the, convoy which sailed for Jamaica .on or about
the lsth March,• arrived after a passage of ten
days.
The Dukes of YORK an(l CAMBRIDGE visited the
PRINCE REGENT yesterday.
Ye•,terday VisCottilt SIDMOUTH had an audience
of the PRINCE REGENT at Carlton-house.

Iler MAJESTY'S DrAwing-Room, on the 2d of
June; we are assured from authority, will be a
general one, as usual. 'The statement that it
would only be for pre.entations, is of course in
correct.

, Government received dispatches yesterday Worn
Lord Wm. BENTINCK, brought by Captain lIALL,
who had the command of the flotilla at Sicily. He
came in the Apollo frigate.

The Commissioners' of the Transport Board
have. intimated, that Government cannot interfere
in the payment of debts- contracted by the pri-:
simerS of v,rar, but that they are to be considered
in all respects as British subjects, anal consequently
liable to imprisonment as other debtors. !Mine-
diately on their release, the,subsistence afforded
by our Government ceases '; and should any of the
prisoners he detained for debt, they must be sub-
sisted by:the creditors who detain them.
The French Papers give the following state-,
meat of the number of troops employed,' accord-
ing to them, against France, during thelate cam
paign:-1. Troops of the ei-devant Confederation
of the Rhine, 145,000 men--2. Austrian army in
France and Italy, 250,000.L,-3. Russian. army;
250,000-4. Prusglan army, 200,0007-5. Swedish
army, 30,000-6. Corps of Dutch troops,' 30,000
English aimy in Spain and the Netherlands,
fio,ooo-41. Spanish and Portuguese army in the
field; 80,000-9. Neapolitan army, 30,000-10.
Danish auxiliary corps, 10,000.—T0ta1,,1,085,0Q0
ruin, exclusive of the, lauthvehr.

• 1, • ••• • IV • - •
NEk,

;iati6sirit; 24.LArri;ieti the
t,louttLAY; from Dull, hOtind to
gOodi. 13is Majesty's Mire receiviristi 7401i3.
Lient. Conitiiiiiider; has lit tlii3l
bOilr to be paid Off.,
of it-ar is dhlered :6 the Nore; et.;
1)241 of1.1:--;Vic`e-Atiriiiral AlOrta Strike lii
flag tbil vening On bOa'rd the Soltha; in these
And she will prObeed to the No're to a ildf
lar two; td ter Paid oft., •
3lax 5.-L-LArtitred
Ship Achar froth the Bratils--:iiited the 6r:, Pe:
bruar fri;hi Pernatnbuco, With a geet--.-pariu;.
lars next letter. Arrii,ed his AlajeSty'S shit; Sea:.
horse from Plyitiouth, Niobe froOi 864
froth Cherburgli, Arid Cana° set:l6o6er frea ter:
Mittla, hisi front Pliniotith: sa#led Ills illajeigiyi
ships 'lgriAti, Hope; Conflict; Grbwler,
and Rt'J-
wing, with FrenCh iiriionera; for Cherningli
Betsei, find the Owner's Delight,. fiir Havre-de -
Orate.;-==.Wind Weiterly:
PLYIIdOiTYII, MAY 24.—;-Catiii.. in the Madagas-
car frigate from the Coast of Zipain 4 Bittern Sloop
bf war from LiterjitiOl4 Orettea And ynard
timips am- tioui a cruizei atid the
gun-brig froni Ireratid. Sailed the Sultan; 74,
find the Sparrow sloop of war, to the West Ward-
. North.

DIAL, MAY 23.--LAriived; and sailed for the
the'Margaret, SACKER, from Teheritre.---:
Arrived tl►e Cadmus sloOp of war• fru►u Ports-
mouth. Sailed tl►e Rinaldo sloip of war, and the
Lord-Duncati East Indiaman, for ditto.—Wind.
N. W.

. .
Irettertlay orening Captain BLACkWO6.I3 !di
town for Dover, to resit e' the cononand of the
Jason frigate, and to prepare the loyal eeorting
stoadrotifor the reception of
,his Royal ilghne6i
the Duke of CLARNCE.

.
An account has been received of the; arrival id
Funchall Roads, oti the 26th a April list, of tale
extra ships Lord Keith and Alexander, outward-
hound, which parted -.company with the Chiaii
fleet on the preceding day.
The Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty
have promoted Lie Qt. DAVID MAPLETON, of the
Edinburgh, who was wounded in the attack upon
Genoa, to the rank of a Commander.

The follow'ng Commanders are now finally ap-
pointed to conduct , the aintanient destined to act
against Anieri,a
Lord
Sii• HENRY CLINTiCsi.
Major - Gr•ieral KE:vii.r.
Sir E. M. P.ircEN3ANt.
IZOIIINSON.
BARNES,

The army will arnotu to 12,000 mere.

WINDSOR, MA't 25.—This" morning the Qur.t's,
Princeses ELIZABETH and MARY, took an airiPg
through Maidenhead, tlke. Princess AticucTA
rode.on horseback. Yesterday the Martpii and
Marchioness of ELY,'Lord and Lady AttttAN, left
the Castle for London. The QuE%s will enter-
tain the MAYOR, Parish Officers, Atia Charity
Children of Windsor, at FrOginorc, this day, anti
to-morrow, after going the boundaries of the
Parish; previous to the enclosure. .
DUCHESS OF 01,DENBURGEL—YeStetrlay morn-
ing the Duchess of OLDENBORGii kf Pulteney
Hotel, and proceeded to the Quaker's Meeting in
Homidstlitch, to :attend the Anntial Meeting of
the Society of Friends, commonly called Quakers.
Her Imperial Highness and Suite returned in the
PRINCR RF.GENT's carriage to Pulten-ey Hotel
about two o'clock. At four o'clock, her Imperiai
Highness received a viiit from the PRINCE RE-
GENT at Pulteney Htitel. His Royal Highness
remained with the ROyal,Dncisets till about half
past six, when he returned to CarltOn-house to
dinner.

THRATRE.—To the honour of our, great
dramatic Bard, and of the first Tral.:edian of the
day, the Tragedy of Julius Cam drew a crowded
audience last night, to Covent-garden Theatre,
and I.llr. KEMBLE perforMed the part of Brutus
with critical accuracy and impressive effect. lie
was very ably seconded by Mi.. YOUNG', in Cassius,
and Mr CONWAY displayed mav,ks of improvement
in ..41itti,ouy. Tlie play was Throughout received
with great applause.
Glasgow Theatre, with
_patent, scenery; -Six%
was sold on Thursday for 500Q1. It was let at
first to Mesrs. AICKEN and ROCK at 8001. and
then to Mr: BEAumosr at 12001. lt cost the oci
ginal Proprietors 16,0001.
Lady MARY LINDSAY CRAWFORD has pre,sented.
a very fine Bust of his Royal H P
ighnesS the at Nt,E
REGR,NT to the College of
,klt. Andrew's to hr.>
placed in the Grand Library with that of his Ma-
jesty. •

The husband of the celebrated Madame (Thor.
FRIN was tetnarkable for his absence of )nitzd':one
of his acquaintance, by way of experiment, lotit
the. same volume half a dozen times, and this►
asked hint his opinion of the author --:=-" Exceed-
ingly sensible," answered Monsieur G. " but
isn't he rather addietedtorepetition?"

A Lady with very high feathers dancing in q!tt
Bath assembly with a distinguished Naval (Meer,
an old punster observed; thitt she was 4' "'Wei
and. feathered."
The late actonnt of the arrival of Puoraparte at
Gibraltar, it now appears, originated in a flying
and false report of the pttir,i4e haring intull'! it's ap-
pearance in that quarter.
Yesterday Lord ELLEN OR fixed Wedoesl
dry, the Bth of ;lithe, for hearing the indictment
against De Berenger, And the others charged with
being concerned in the fraud on the stock Ex-
.thange.
His flOnonr Judge Fonb., of Ogdenhourg,
County of St. Lawrence, , North Aineric4, %vas on
the 31st last brought before Judge LEviNs:ro:;.,
at New York, on 'a charge of high treason) and
admitted to bail. T. A. EXAIETT wat sue of bit
Counsel.

'
,
