ANDBR :-.

" MITTAU, Sere. 26.—(Aua..26, P. S.)

" The fate of our beloved SOvereign .as a day
of great rejoicing for us, more memotahle than
any oue in the annals of Cont.land, and memora-
ble also in the annals of Immani

" about 'two hours after initHight the Enilwror
arrived, on his way to Aix-la-Chapelle ; accord-
ing to his orders, uti.eerentonies took place.
" Already, the day before Divine service had
been ordered in the principal church, when the
'abolition of Vassalage, in the ,GovertimeA of
Courlaud, which had been resolved on by the
Emperor,.st the desire of the Nobility ; and the
Confirmation of the plan of the new Constitution
for the peasants, was to be published at seven in
the morniugl,therefore, the Civil Government,
the Authorittes, the Nobility, the Citizens, and a
great number of peasants., 'a,ssmble.d to pour out
their hearts to the fountain
.ot all that is good,
and to thank him that the respectable class of
their brethren who cultivate the soil of the coun-
try, have also attained the rights of citizens.
" The solemn Te Deurn began after the arrival
of his Excellency the Governor, Marquis PAucci,
and never probably was this hymn channted with
more feeling than by the persons assembled on
this day, on which above 400,000 of their breth-
ren were to regain the right and dignity of men.

• `` After the Te Detint the Governor addressed
the assembly in an appropriate .speech, declaring
the abolition of the slavery of the peasants, by the'
Decree of his Majesty, at th?. revest of the Nobi.
and announcing the plan of the new o,di-
nance relating to the peasantry, the execution 'of
which is entrusted 'to- the Germans.

4' The Clergyman then ascended the pulpit, and
held a discourse in German, in which he shewcd
the point of view in whicl► the oew Constitutio4
of the peasants was to be considered, and the
irii-
portance of tile present moment.' He then ad-
dressed the peasants in Livoiiiac—announced to
them the benefits given tl►em by the Emperor—
saluted them as free men, and exhorted them to
gratitude to the Emperor—love to their late mas-
ters, and a proper use of their.freedom—recom-
mending them to pursue..the path of legal order
and tranquillity, which each of them bad now to
take. A snleinn hymn concluded this memo-
rable ceremony.
His ImperiarMajesty, lifter Divine Service
•in the Church of. the Holy Trinity, went to the
Greek Church amidst tl►e acclamations of the
people, and heard 7e peum performed ; mean-
time the public officers and the peasants, who had _
been assembled in the Church, went to the Castle,
whither. the Emperor repaired from the Church,
and had the Civil Officers and the Nobility pre-
sented 'to- him:

" A scene then succeeded, which represented
the Russian Soverein in Cie fairest light 'as the
Father of his people, or as the world in its infancy
called Princes, as ,the Shepherd of his people. He
caused the assembled peasants to be brought be-
fore hiM, and discoursed to them in person, ex-
plaining, what his goodness bad given them, and
the proper use of it." The worthy, deputy of the
Country, Count Charles Von Medene, interpreted'
the discourse of the Emperor, who graciously
heard the reply of the peasants.
" In the afternoon the Emperor, at the request
Of the Nobility of the Province, partook of an
elegant entertainment iu the Hall of the Epics-
Irian Order, u bleb was tastefully oruarnented with
flOwery shrubs. During the entertainment, the
Emperor gave as a toast, The welfare at the
Courland Nobility,' and Count Medene, in te-
turn, proposed the. health of his Majesty. imme-
diately after the enter! iiiinent his Majesty conti-
nued his journey to Berlin and Aix-la-Chapelle,
accompanied by the blessings of all the people of
Courland."

A seriatis -aecident happened on Tuesday last
to the coach that leaves iNiaidstone for London at
three o'clock in the atternoon. The coach was
ping at a fast rate down the bill that leads out
of Mailing into the London road, andjust at the
turning was unfortunqtely overset.: ,Oue inside
passenger had his arm broke ; Mr. Grige, who
formerly kept the Angel, at Lewisham,' was rid-
ing on the outside; and had his skull fracatrld ;
and Colyer, the coachman, was exceedingly,hurt,
besides several 'of the other passengers were muds
bruised ~and injured, but we are happy to learn
they are all a fair way of recovery. The coach
was heavily loaded, having twelve outside and six
inside passengers.
