PECKHAM REFORM FESTIVAL.

Yesterday the passing of the Reform Bill was again cele-
brated by a public dinner at Peckham. About 200 gen
tiemen sat down to a substantial dinner, under a commo-
dious tent, pitched in the adjoining fields. Benjamin Wood,
Esq., took the Chair, and was supported by the Members
for Lambeth and Greenwich ; also by Mr. Briscoe, M.P. ;
Mr. Bulwer, M.P. ; Mr. Vigors, M.P. ; Mr. Wallace
M.P. ; and several others. _ .

After the usual loyal toasts were disposed of, the
CHAIRMAN in a neat speech, proposed the health of the
Hon. Members for Lambeth ; and first Mr. Tennyson.

The toast was drank with much enthusiasm.

Mr. TENNYSON, in returning thanks, said, although
he was no advocate for universal suffrage, he was of
opinion that the Reform Bill imposed restrictions in-
jurious to a free representation. He should support scot
and lot voting, and any measure which had for its object
the shortening of the present duration of Parliament. He
was a recent convert to the vote by ballot ; but he de-
clared that he considered the shortening of Parliaments as
a much more important measure for securing an honest
Ministry and an honest House of Commons. The Right
Hon. Gentleman then proceeded to animadvert on the
policy of Ministers, which he condemned in many in •
stances; observing, that if he so differed with Ministers,
and was thought so well of by a large constituency, what
must be the feeling entertained by that constituency and
the country of Ministers ?—( Hear.) He declared in the
first instance, like the rest of the people of England, he
followed Ministers blindfolded, in the hopes of reaping
benefit from their administration. He had been disap-
pointed, and his confidence in them was past.—(Hear.)
He believed the present House of Commons to be the
most incompetent, the most subservient, the worst to de-
bate, discuss, and look properly to the rights and interest
of the people, that, probably, ever assembled ; but with
patience, and perseverance, all the contemplated benefits of
reform might yet be enjoyed. But touching the promised
Church Reform Bill, he would inquire, where is it ? He
considered he did his duty by voting against that measure,
cut down as it had been by Ministers. Where, too, was
the measure of reform for the Church of England? He
told his constituents, candidly, that he expected no such
measure to emanate from the present Ministers. He
called upon his constituents, and the people of England,
to bestir themselves if they wished ever to gather the fruits
of reform. His political confession of faith contained
this, that be was born under the constitution, and under
it he should die.—(Hear.)
The CHAIRMAN next proposed the health of Mr.
Hawes, which was received with similar honours as the
loregoing.
Mr. HAWES confessed himself disappointed with the
results of the present Parliament, in particular as regarded
the abolition of slavery; he considered that to purchase
this abolition by paying 20,000,0001. was an idle waste of
the public money. With respect to the medsure of Irish
Church reform, which bad been noticed by his Hon.
Colleague, he (Mr. Hawes) was willing to lean to the
old maxim, " that half a loaf was better than no bread,"
therefore he took the little, with a view to make it the
'vantage ground for obtaining more.—(Hear, and a laugh.)
After dinner a number of elegantly-dressed ferna'es
were introduced, and took their seats behind the principal
tables, and a splendid ball terminated the gratifying pro-
ceedings of the festival.
