SCOTCH MARKETS.

Wheat. Barley Oats. Beans.
Aberdeen 50 66 28 34 2 ng 40
3 27
Berwick-- 42 46 26 28 18 21 30 32 38
Coldstream 45 48 24 27 19 21 29 30 --
Cupar 50 80 29 34 28 33 40 42 -- --
Dundee-- 48 61 32 34 25 28 38 40
58 63 32 35 20 26 19 21
Inverness—. sfl 60 32 31 121 24 34 35 48 '—
Kelso 44 48 27 30 22 24 20 36
Kirkaldy---,. 42 70 27 39 25 3' 45 48 43 'et
Perth -- 50 60 21 24 19 22 28 34 --
The size of the measure varies throughout the country'.

CORNWALL. ALA RKET:
Txticto—Wheat (average) 26 .—Barley, 12s
ST. AUSTELL—Wheat, 2-Is. to tl7s.—Barley,
Os: to 9s. 3d.

12s. to 13.4.—0at5,
.9d.—Oats, 9s. 10d.

BODMIN—Wheat (average)27s.—Barley, 13s. Od.—Oats, 85. Od.
s,
LAUNCESTON..—Wheat (average)27s.od.—Barley,l2s. Od.-
0
Bs. Od.—Beef, 6d.—Mutton,
HELsTox--Wheat, 265. 3d.—Barley, 12s. Od.
PENZANCE—Wheat 255. to 26s.—Barle —6. to 135.—Oats,
Os. to Bs. Od.—Beef and Mutton, sd. to tidy-Pork,
Butter, 9%d. per lb.
LlsKEatto—Wheat, —s. Od. to 245. W.—Barley, lls.--Oats,
to 9s. Od.
ST. Cotumn--Wheat, 255. to 27s.—Barley, 12s. to 1114.-13eef,
and Mutton, 4d. to W.—Veal, 4Y2d.—Latnb, Bd. 3jd. to 4cl.

Quantity of Copperore
so ld aitNltEdrLu thrl,rt NTChubr • 0
Average Produce
•
' '-
Quantity of fine Copper
NGTeLGa'sdaY LlC:e4t Cwo
186 7
Amount Of Sale, 12,07v1, Os, 6d,-Average Standards VDI. 133,-
nt.

his place. There were also present, Lord Cal-
horpe, Sir James Mackintosh, Mr. F. Buxton, Mr.
Sheil, Mr. W. Smith, Dr. Lushington, Mr. Sykes,
Mr. Woolryche Whitmore, Mr. O'Connell, &c.
The Noble CHAIRMAN had no claim to the high
honour to which he had just been elected, as he had
come to the meeting on the score of zeal alone. It
was now many years since this question was first
agitated ; but for a long time it seemed to be mak-
ing scarcely any progress. Fifteen years had been
allowed to elapse before the institution of that so-
ciety had taken place. And how, and why, had
that society originated ? It was well-known by the
friends of the society that the Parliamentary in-
fluene4 of the West India interest was so great,
that same combination or society was necessary to
compete with its power. At the same time the
Press of the country was also-against them : in say-
ing this he was no enemy tothe Press ; but it was
well known that men will write, as they will speak,
for money—(Hear hear)—and it could not be
dobted that unjust attacks were made on the pri-
vate character of those who were opposed to the
West India influence; for this reason it was felt to
be necessary that facts and arguments should be
sent forth, wh.:ch might serve to show that the
friends of anti-slavery were not engaged in a useless
pursuit. What was slavery in the West Indies ?
Was it separation from friends—was it compulsion
to labour—was it ill-usage at the pleasure of the
owner ? It was more than this. The slaves had
souls to be saved ; but owing to the degraded
state in which they were kept, they knew not of the
salvation within their reach ; and Englishmen ought
to tremble at the thought that they were respon-
sible for the ignorance of these poor creatures :
for himself, he looked for the vengeful wrath
of Heaven on those who suffered such things
to continue. It was riot the West Indians that he
blamed, but the system ; for he firmly believed that
the fact of residing there for a number of years
made them look on slaves as persons inferior to
themselves, and of a different capacity. He would
not advert to the atrocities that had been committed
to strengthen his argument ; though he thought,
and almost hoped, that they might be alluded to in
the course of the proceedings of that day. It was
sufficient to say that such atrocities did exist ; and
that they did was proved from the one fact of the
reversal of the law of Providence, by which, instead
of the population increasing, it materially diminished
—(Hear, hear)—and that they did not die as chil-
dren, but from the time when they were first put to
labour in the sugar plantations: On this subject the
population returns -spoke for themselves. Their
opponents trere in the habit of bidding them look
at the Newgate Calendar, for the purpose of seeing
whether as great cruelties had not been practised
in this country. But even if they had, see the dif-

ference. In the case of the Mosses in the West
Indies, where a slave was killed by ill-treatment and
torture, a fine and imprisonment were the only pu-
nishments; and even that fine was petitioned against
to the Government of this country. And what took
place when the term of imprisonment was over?—
The culprits were received with honours, and a
fete was given them. Now mark the reverse. When
a master, in England, was cruel to his apprentice,
they read in the newspapers that it was with diffi-
culty that the police could rescue the criminal from
the indignation of the multitude ; then followed his
trial and execution, which was attended by the just
execration of thousands. With respect to vested
interests, he would not say anything about them on
this occasion. But this he would say, let the slave-
owners make out a case for compensation, and he
would be one of the first to declare that they might
be indemnified ; and he was sure that the people of
England would unite to repair any damage that was
done in consequence of their loud expression of feel-
ing on this subject.—(Applause.)
Mr. FOIVELL BUXTON moved, that the object of
that meeting was the entire extinction of negro
slavery. Before addressing the meeting on this
subject, he begged to say, that he had received a
letter from the Duke of Gloucester, lamenting that
indisposition should have prevented his attendance—
from the Lord High Chancellor—(Cheers)—breath-
ing the same spirit of indignation against oppression
and hatred of slavery which had distinguished him
when he was only the most eloquent and powerful
commoner of England—(Cheers)—also a letter
from Wm. Wilberforce, Esq.—(Applause)—whose
early life was crowned by the greatest victory ever
achieved by man, and who panted in the autumn of
his days for another such victory as might consum-
mate the good work. But this question, however,
was now no longer a question of individual support.
Six thousand petitions is
thatha negrodevdsleadvetrly the
shouldtable b
ofe
almii3ahtaerded
nd
padiame,iiirnd the people, with a voice that would
b
declared
And what was it that they
had I—farom the Ministers of the Crown ? Was
it a heard,n
dastardly whisper, whether at some
eheard
d (
distant time it might not be as well to mix some little
and very temperate portion of humanity in our feel-
ings towards the negroes ? No ! it was a bold and
manly avowal on their part tbe.i negroes were men,
think and must no longer he treated as brutes.—(Cheers.)
ight
heir
He might differ with Government as to the mode of
operation, and the meatlitlsianoiknfsto?biaNtvtahiintlieilteighet firstl eh iesrtuecgpohmt
oughtttnhoat
the first step ought to be to burst their chains
asunder.
-(Cheer;.)
tomight
thinkmitigated;
th
a t they
while
be thought that the first thing was to resort to the
principles of justice. But if they differed as
idt
ober:.
.y 1)
as j
btihantei
late
which
debatel they
heartily
if‘lo%y•
ethteerntnlearts,u tall events they did not differ to
In
extinction of slavery the Ministers 71veltr'eg.
otobibeect.to lliglhietYenntl
as to
d To the
re
edr were
did ei.outhspeaneokfgtelieam
Com-
monse
he had confined himself strictly to the ques-
tion of the diminution of the: slave population,
though he would confess that he could hardly keep
clear of the horrible cases of the Rev. Mr. Bridges,
s%se,hs,oNl:htionikshileldedhitshseliao'er boefcare she dressed.' a turkey
slave
vteh the
punishedNvrong fdoary
andd sc discover,
confined
himself offence a t
, and as worshippingstulal:e Ifor.rG,Baoesdt
fary Betty, %ray
osh
fobt
hehea
could
lsi
ds.
therefore
sh',
lawedtria
jog.
So
to thyeetd her had
dull,stupid avoided tahregmu
and that it was true t‘ohmaadrgument as dry as a pa-
ment on population—an
System pro-
blemathaiesmaatimeaalt(hieemmoantisctarlation.
risk register,
only merit In
iegister, for it was was that it was a parish
past, produced 45,000
on that he founded his case;
what did
ei p. r o
It was e
‘t n s ?a i
(:
tWhy,a t
_(Applause.) And
Eng-
lish peasant—that his rfia , in the ten years last
tteh ne
ywe:
aeirststs
4:slcd,haoenoe
rpss
that this happy
was happier than the
as),:st:vmer ?it—to our slave
eons had died under this happy
Heaven.—(Hear,
but he would ask,
slavery must answer came it then, that in the
he.colitlstevinesncfoers theseaildtomtubredeGrsotdhaotf
• to the case of the Maor.s)tr,Haie,hd.
Qii,?;t4;ic.n
tibluartgiet,
pwoapsuisaatidi9'n:aattidt
ovz; or rather it was we who must
i. INlet was
one delightful stream;
aalreadyou z,y n
00nt alluded
one
d coass
oe

many thousand murders remained behind, and had
filled up a dreadful list; the least of which was in-
sufficient to show the horrors that slavery produced.
He would not enter into the' religious persecution
that was practised towards the slave; though, in his
mind, that was worse than all the other-persecution
they suffered.
Sir J. MAtittril'reisti said, that it Was not only for
the interest of the negru that this question ought to
be set at rest—the master as Via es the slave was
concerned—in order to preserve the one; end to pre-
vent the demoralization of the other. Its road lay
towards physical suffering, but it was through moral
guilt that the master was enabled to travel that road.
The Right Hon. Gentleman then alluded to the case
of the Rev. Mr. Bridges, and observed, that the
ease did not stop with the atrocity of that person.
Unfortunately, that was the smallest part of the
story. There was a society in the West Indies,
called the Council of Protectors. Mr. Bridgewater
was brought before them, fourteen of them sat in a
sort- of Court of Enquiry, and they examined wit-
nesses, whose testimony .could leave nt3 more doubt
of the atrocity of the offender then there could be
of the truth of a proposition in geometry. Notwith-
standing this, however, ten of these voted for his
acquittal, and only four for his conviction. Upon
this a complaint was made to Government, who
directed the Governor of Jamaica to take steps
in the business. He would say nothing of the
delay of that Governor; but at length the case was
referred to Mr. James, the Attorney-General. He
advised that a prosecution should he commenced ;
but in spite of that prosecution, emanating from the
Government, the offender escaped. He would ad-
vise any body to read the paper that had been
printed on that subject, by order of the House of
Lords ; and let it be remembered those papers do
not come from the Anti. Slavery Society; but were
the documents at length extorted, by the command
of Government, from the Government of Jamaica.
(Applause.) He remembered a story of a gentle-
man who was extremely careful how he made use of
strong languige. It happened that he had been
one morning reading Suetonius, and after taking the
whole day to consider of it he said to a friend in the
evening, " It must be owned that Nero was a wag."
So the Governor of Jamaica, after no little delay,
was pleased to admit that Mr. Bridges was some-
what indiscreet.—(Applause.) The language of
Lord Goderich, however, was very different. He
called that Rev. Gentleman's conduct unmanly and
brutal, and directed that if he was a Magistrate, his
name should be immediately struck out of the
Commission.—(Applause.) He would state another
illustration of the evils of slavery. When Lord
Combermere. was Governor of Barbadoes, he took
an opportunity of visiting an estate that he had in
the Isle of Nevis, and on leaving the West Indies
he availed 'himself of all the knowledge which his
situation must have afforded to make such arrange-
ments es were best calculated to promote its pros-
perity. Among others a person of the name of
Whalley was appointed overseer, and at the time
that he entered on that office there were 220
slaves on the estate. In two years and a half no
fewer than 44 had died, and the average calcu-
lation was that if Whalley had gone on administer-
ing the estate for ten years, he would have di-
minished the whole number to 28. In this case,
also, the Attordey-General did his duty. He pre-
sented bills against Whalley for both murder and
manslaughter, backed by the most satisfactory evi-
dence; yet, 'notwithstanding this, the criminal es-
caped from all. Lord Goderich had thought it his
duty to communicate the facts to Lord Combermere,
and that Nobleman's letter in reply was sufficient to
show what his intentions had been, and how they
had been abused. His Lordship stated, that he had
given directions that his slaves should not be put to
hard work, and that they should be amply fed; and
then, after expressing his indignation at Whalley's
conduct, the following remarkable passage occurred:
" But I fear you cannot expect a Jury at Nevis or
S'. Kitt's to do their duty." Now it was not to be
supposed that the atmosphere of Nevis or St.Kitt's
in any way differed from that of the rest of the West
Indies, and it was therefore pretty plain, that in
spite of Lord Comhermere's good intentions, all his
efforts, and all the efforts of other good men, were
to be for ever blasted arid perverted by the pestilen-
tial power of this nefarious system.—(Applause.)
lie did not intend to touch in any way upon politics,
yet he might be allowed to observe, that they had
now the opportunity of a dissolution of Parliament
and an appproaching general election to obtain once
more that strong manifestation of abhorrence of sla-
very which the people of England expressed at the
last general election, and which he believed they
would at that which was now approaching.
The resolution was then put from the Chair and
carried.

Dr. LUSHINGTON would boldly assert, in defiance
of thz! charge of enthusiasm or imprudence which
might be brought against him, that he was the
strenuous advocate of the speedy emancipation of
every slave.—(Cheers.) He was not willing to wait
till the masters should be convinced that the de-
struction of the system would lead to their pros-
perity. He verily and in conscience believed, that
in prudence and caution every slave might receive
his freedom without the slightest peril to the lives
or property of the white inhabitants ; nay, further,
he believed that their property would be improved,
for, instead of living in fear and agitation, and ex-
citing a precarious labour under the lash, they would
then have a body of labourers, who, if they were
paid a small portion in the way of hire, would per-
form double duty with satisfaction to themselves
and increased advantage to the proprietors. For
himself he had little hopes in any measures of ame-
lioration. Though he was thankful to the Govern-
ment for what it had done, at the same time he must
say that he looked for more. He should conclude
by moving " That an address be circulated through-
out England, for the purpose of stimulating the
people to co-operate with them in similar exertions
to those which they were then making."—( Applause.)
The Rev. DANIEL WILSON seconded the resolu-
tion, and said, that on reading the debate on the
slavery question the next morning, he had said to
himself, " Well, I will turn round to the Ministers,
and they shall have my best support !" He was no
politician; but he knew the value of at length
having a Ministry that was ready to support the
cause of the negro, and finally get rid of slavery from
the West Indies.
Mr. O'CONNELL (being announced by Mr. F.
Buxton) rose and said, that he obeyed the call with
alacrity, for no one could more abhor, detest, and
abjure slavery than he did in all its gradations, and
in all climes. But though he had obeyed the call,
he must say that he could not altogether agree with
the resolution that had been proposed by Dr. Lush-
ington. He thought that it was too narrow—it spoke
of the people of England; but what had the people
of Scotland and Ireland done to be excluded ? and
he should therefore move as an amendment, that
instead of being the people of England, it should
be the people of Great Britain and Ireland.—
(Cheers.) Now, with respect to this question,
when it was last before Parliament, he did not know
whether he ought not to take some blame to him-
self for its adjournment, but it had been forced upon
him. Mr. Burge, the late Attorney-General of
Jomaiea) had delivered a most extraordinary ad-,

dress, and had said, " What, interfere between mart
his freehold ?" At these words he (Mr. O'Connell)
had felt as if some one had trampled on his father's
grave, and had he not been restrained by some
friend near him, he should have drawn down on
himself the animadversion of the Speaker. " Free-
hold ! in human being !" It was because he was
desirous of having an opportunity of answering that
speech that he had supported the motion for an
adjournment. He, for his own part, had determined
what shape he would take. If the people of Ira-
land, and it was nothing impossible, should send him
back to Parliament again, he would make this pro-
, position, and divide the House upon it—" That
every human being born on or after the Ist January,
1832, shall be born free."—(Tremendous cheers.)
There was one topic further on which he would
trouble them—he approached it with fear, but he
was bound to say, that the Press had not done its
duty. In saying this, he knew that he was putting
his hand into a hornet's nest, but this lie had so
often done, and it had been so well stung that he
did not care about it. He was bound to say that
on this question the Press had turpit:ide upon it by
manifesting a most guilty indifferenee.=-(Hear.)
Mr. SHELL rose to second Mr. O'Connell's
amendment. In 1823, Mr. Canning moved three
resolutions, with a view to the gradual amelioration
of the condition of the slaves, and the final extinc-
tion of their thraldom. These resolutions were
adopted by the House of Commons without a dis-
sentient voice, and were selected by the Govern-
ment as the basis of a series of ordinances. What
was the result? Were those ordinances obeyed?—
No ! Jamaica shook her cart-whip, dripping with
negro's blood, in England's face—(Applause)—
and threats of defiance were held out to Great
Britain by her colonies.. He would not go into a
regular catalogue of the resolutions; but he would
say that they went thus fan, that the Sabbath should
be kept holy by the black. Was that adopted ?
No ! the only differenee was, that on other days he
worked for his master, on that he worked for 'him-
self. That the negro should not be sold but
with the estate; but even that was not corn-.
plied with. The endeavour that was made to pre-
vent the husband being torn from his wife, the child
from its mother ; that the rise of the cart-whip should
not be employed as a stimulus to labour ; and what
was the consequence ? Had the cart-whip ceased
to give the dreadful summons to the negro for rising
in the morning—had it ceased to summon him to his
meals ? Was it not still the curfew to summon him
to sleep, where, for a moment, he might forget that
he was a slave ?—(Applamie.) Not only was man
tortured by man, but woman by woman. What
would the apologists of Colonial torture say, when
the hands of a priest—of a man of God, that had •
been employed in preparing the Sacramental cup,
were the next minute applied to the sacrilegious
purpose of putting to the torture a woman redeemed
by the same God himself ? What would they say
when that violation was sanctioned by men who had
thus consented to share in the eternity of his oppro-
brium, and become his copartners in the immorta-
lity of the shame ?—(Applause.) But all this was
declamation. He should not wonder if some planter!,
who had heretofore been in the habit of hearing this
Rev. Mr. Bridges on a Sunday—he should not
wonder if such a one would say, " Oh, you are
living four thousand miles from the West Indies, and
what can you know about the events that take place
there ? Now, are you able to judge cf the circum-
stances of each action ?" Yes, they were living four
thousand miles from Jamaica—they were at a far dis-
tance from the dreadful scenes, of which they had re-
ceived too authentic an account to allow them to
entertain the slightest doubt of its accuracy, but the
shriek of suffering humanity could travel 4,000
miles.—(Applause.) It could make its way through'
the wind and over the waves, and find a path to
every British heart.—(Cheers.) But it was not to
the slave alone that they were to look for the most
injurious consequences of slavery. It brought
misery and wretchedness on, the negro, but it did
worse with the master, for out of a man it produced
a tyrant—(Applause)—and, if he might use the ex-
pression, it led to the ossification of his heart.—
(Loud applause.) But the hopes of the friends of
emancipation might now revive. The cause that
had so lonpeemed to be stationary, or worse, was
now straining towards success, and would soon reach
the goal. It was the vaunt of the Spaniard that the
sun set not on his dominions; let them improve the
sentiment, and say the sun of " freedom shines
wherever English power exists."—(Cheering.)
The CHAIRMAN said, that he believed, in strict-
ness, he ought first to read the original resolution,
and then put the amendment upon it; but Mr.
O'Connell's amendment had appeared to meet with
such general approbation, that be could not do better
than put the amended resolution at once.
The motion being so put, was carried unanimously.
Mr. POWNALL, the Rev. Mr. BURNETT, and one
or two other gentlemen shortly addressed the meet-
ing; after which, thanks being voted to the Chair-
man, the company separated.

WESTMINSTER MEETING TO ADDRE3S
THE KING.-In consequence of a requisition, numerously
signed by the electors of Westminster, to the High Bailiff,
requesting him to convene a public meeting, to consider
of the propriety of expressing to his MAJESTY their grati-
tude for the countenance and support which he has been
pleased to afford to his present Ministers, in their exer-
tions to procure a Reform in the Commons House of Par-
liament, the High Bailiff has appointed a public meeting
to be held at Covent-Garden, to-morrow, April 26, at one
o'clock, ARTHUR Moaals, Esq., High Bailiff, in the Chair.
PARLIAMENTARY REFORM.—The " New
Monthly Magazine" for May will be embellished with a
portrait of E. L. BuLvvEtt, Esq. the distinguished Author
of " Pelham," " Devereux," &c. accompanied by a Me-
moir; and among the varied contents of the said number will
appear the first series of articles, of extraordinary interest
at the present moment, written by a distinguished political
character, entitled the " Progress of Public Opinion on
Paliamentary Reform, with Original Anecdotes of Dis-
tinguished Political Reformers." The anecdotes include
some remarkable passages in the lives of several living per-
sonages of eminence.

The die being now cast by the dissolution of
Parliament, active measures are already taking in the city
of London—as will very soon, no doubt, be the case all
over the country—for returning representatives whose
principles shall ensure the success of the Reform question.
The first individual who was thought of was the vene-
rable IJOHN SMITH, the banker, and it became known
early in the day (Saturday) that a requisition was already
prepared, and numerously signed, inviting him to stand
for the representation of the city. The intelligence was
accompanied every where with feelings of very great gra-
tification, and the sentiment was all but universal that a
greater honour would have been conferred on the city by
his acceptance of the offer, than he himself could have
received from the ultimate attainment of its object. It
will be matter of regret, however, with all who hear it,
that this enlightened Reformer, and highly honourable
man, has come already to the roulntion of declining the
offer. His advanced age and state of health render him
wholly inadequate to the fatigues of such a contest, and
these motives, it seems, which every one must respect,
are the only ones which restrain him from presenting him-
self on this important occasion. The field is therefore .
left open to other candidates. It is thought that the
Lor.n MAYOR will now certainly stand, and that Mr.
VENABLES, to avoid division on that interest, will with-
draw his pretensions. Nothing can exceed the excitement
which prevails in the city on the subject of the approach-
ing contest, but there is no symptom of violence, or
language of exasperation, and there is no doubt that Lon-
don will set an example in this respect to the whole
country. The insinuations of the Anti-Reformers, as
tittered during yesterday's (Friday's) deoate, that a Reform
in Parliament is to be followed by the destruction of pub-
lic credit, are treated in the city with the contempt they
deserved. On the contrary, the feeling is, and has been
so ever since this question was first agitated, that such a
Reform will prove one of the most effectual means of
travagance, and every description of uselessbt ettotrig.it
guile
An increase of the national debt will then e 1
..
we
tied th,a
thatsu sustaining n gs
shall
public
thenc rebdei tee;c.forre sn,reuansonnecriebssouvrey all
rosthllueerr:s:,
have reached the extent
it would never
P tistnent like that now
v propos.ed taken place
Reform in dr
:30 year, ago. rim"' people are
Petr firtrtlaYs °line had a
out of the question, and
