Colonies.
Mr. 'BERNAL moved for a return of the value
of imports and exports to and from the West India
Islands, from the year 1821 to 1827.—Ordered.
SCOTCH GAOL BILL.
The LORD ADVOCATE brought up the re-
port of the Committee en the Scotch Gaols, and
stated, that as the Bill was of great importance,
he did not intend to press it further this session.
The Bill was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARTER presented a petition from New-
Dort, Isle of Wight, for the abolition of slavery.
On the motion of the LORD ADVOCATE,
the Lo".'ds' Amendments to the Mad-houses (Scot-
land) Bill we're
read a second time and agreed to.
N
presented a petition from Notting-
Mr. BIRCC:
ham in favour of tht circulation of one-pound notes,
A Message was broug4it from the I to state
that their Lordships had agr,?ed to the amendments
made by this House in-the Law of Evidence Bill.
Sir JAMES GRAHAM gave notice that on
Tuesday next he would present a petition from Hull!,
complaining of the distressed state of the chipping'

interest.
ADDITIONAL CHURCHES BILL.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
moved the order of the day for the second reading
of the Additional Churches Bill, with a view of
postponing it to Monday next.
Mr. J, WOOD wished the Right Hon. Gent.
would poepone the second reading of this Bill not
to Monday nest, but until the next session. If the
provisions of the 13ill were known throughout the
country the House woold be crowded with petitiolia
against it. The Bill went to. alter the constitution
of the rates in every parish ; and enabled the
parish officers to impure taxes for building
watch-houses snd various other purposes, without
any authority from the parishioners. The Bill was
full of objectionable clauses. There was a clause
indemnifying the sexton And parish-clerk in those
parishes where, from the increa%.e of business, it was
found necessary to build an additional church. He
was very serious as he considered it peculiarly
deserving of the attention of the House. He
thought every one who heard him would
agree that the necessity for additional churches was
not so great as to make it necessary that this Bill
should be introduced on the 20th of June, and hur-
ried through the House. If the Bill was allowed to lie
over until next Session, the public would be able to
appreciate its merits. He should move as an amend-
ment that the second reading be deferred at least till
this day fortnight.
After a conversation, in which Mr. HUlkiE, the
CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, and Mr. J. WOOD
took part, the amendment of the latter Gentleman
was withdrawn; and the second reading was fixed
for Monday next.
COMMITTEE OF' SUPPLY—ARMY ESTIMATES.
Sir H. HARDINGE moved—" That the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,
to consider farther of the supply to be granted to his
Majesty."
• The House having resolved itself into a Com-
mittee—
The Right Hon. Gentleman moved—" That
there be granted to his Majesty a stun not exceed-
ing 146,5001. to defray the charge of general officers
in his Majesty's forces, not being Colonels of Regi-
ments, for 1828."—Agreed to.
He next moved " that there be granted to his
Majesty, a sum not exceeding 36,898/. 10s. 6d., to
defray the charge of his Majesty's garrisons at home
and abroad, for 1828."
Colonel DAVIES did not rise to oppose the
resolution. He had very often pointed out parts of
the military expenditure which might be saved, but
as he saw no disposition in the House to reduction,
he thought it absurd to take up the time of the
House uselessly.
Sir H. HARDINGE seeing his Gallant Friend
in his place, would call his attention and that of the
House to a communication which he had received
from a friend of his, formerly a Lieutenant-Colonel
in the 60th regiment. He stated that he bad read
with great astonishment, that he, (Sir H. Hardinge)
had said that the 60th was a condemned regiment.
Now he was in the recollection of the House, and of
his gallant friend, and he would say that he had
made no such statement. On the contrary, when
his gallant friend said that his (Sir H. Hardinge's)
argument was not worth much, because the 60th
was a condemned regiment, he denied the statement.
Colonel DAVIES--So far as his memory served
him, he did not recollect his Right Hon. Friend to
have made any statement of the kind referred to by
him. Neither did he recollect that he (Colonel
Davies) had expressed himself to the extent men-
tioned by his Right Hon. Friend. So far as he
could now recollect what he said 011 the occasion
alluded to, it was, that one of the battalions of the
p6O
rOffietschee
nrlevt
ocamonrec}i
the
he,
elreertbla
nealkis.
es
‘c:lo,denrdtehe
filled
ltlneleldod
with respectable
osrf itstc bat-
talions , -
posed of soldiers not fit: to be removed. At the
was in that situation. They were well
soldiers.

Mr. H UME said, that seeing the apathy with
which the House viewed any attempt to reduce the
estimates, he began to think that he ought to look
to the Minister as a defence against the House of
Commons, instead of looking to the House of Com-
mons as a defence against the Minister.
.This sum
of 36,8981. now called for, was composed, in a great
measure, of sinectues. Now, whether
.a sinecure
was civil, military, or clerical, he felt it right to
make war upon it. Where was the necessity of keep-
ing a Governor at 570/. a-year; a Lieutenant-Go-
vernor at 373/. a-year; and a Town Major at a cer-
tain sum—for the town of Berwick. Again, there
was a Governor of Blackness, with 2851. a-year;
• and a Governor of Carlisle, &c. Now, he would
ask, what use was there for a Governor, Deputy-
Governor, and Town Major, in those places ? The
Governor of Dumbarton received 213/. a-year, and
the establishment of Fort St. George was 1,0001
a-year. There were 23,0001. paid for garrisons in
England, and garrisons abroad cost the country very
large sums. He thought the whole should be
brought under one establishment, and that the sine-
cures should be abolished.
Sir H. HARDINGE said this question had been
