~u~/IG~~/ !/

( o. 1 '0;69

BRITISH INSTI I 17 1 lON, PALL-MALL,
THE GALLERY for the EXHIBITION
;,tl.l SALE .f the WORKS of BRITISH AR
TISTS i. Oorn D.ily from Ten in the 111orning till Five
in the Eveninz.
Adminninn 10.—G-italnvn• li.
WILLIAM BARNARD, Kreprr.

ABBOTSFORD SURSCRIP rioN.
AGENERAL MEETING OF THE
FRIENDS and ADMIRERS of Sir WALTER
SCOTT will be hel I at the Thatch.-d Tavel n,
Janes'--street, on SATURDAY, April 27, at 'Direr
o'Clock, to receive the R-port of the Sub-Committee 0.
Managemen', and to adopt •uch measures as m. )y
hr
jode.ed expedient to accomplish the object of the Sub-
scription. B. A. DUNDAS, Hon. See.
17th Auril, 1633.

SECOND EDITION

S UN-OFFICE, Seven o' Clock.

PEItZIA ,-.LIAMENT

THIS EVENING.

HOUSE OL LORDS.

On the LORD CHANCELLOR taking his s' at,
The third if-ailing of th.• Irish Jury Bill, and the
Local Conrt's BM was rtstponett.
The Duke of RICHMOND pre-ented thirteen petitions
praying fir the :it) 'titian of 'very.
The Earl of ROSEBERRY pre-ented petitions against
church patronage term th and Fife.
The Earl of MORLEY presented petitions fur the abo-
liti• n of slavery from several parishes in Devon.
The Earl of WICKLOW presented petitions from three
parishes in Ireland.
The Earl of RADNOR presented a petition praying
from the Wesleyan Methodists of Inverness, and of Saint
Anthony's Chapel, Northumberland; and from several
other places in Suffolk.
A NOBLE Loan presented a petition from the congre-
gation of Baptists re-iding at Dies, in Norfolk, praying
for the abolition of slavery.
that the provisions of the Bill for preventing the profana-
tion of the Sabbath might be extended to Ireland. Also,
a petition from Chittley, in Berk., praying that negroes
allay enjoy the privilege of Christian worship ; and ,'Bother
from Ashford, Kent, praying for the repeal of the odious
tax upon mal
Lord BARHAM presented petitions for the imme-
diate abolition of colonial slavery, from the parishes of
Maslen, in Kent, and of Leake, in the county of Lincoln.
The Dirt of RADNOR gave notice, that on Monday
next he should move the ascend reading of the Staff„ird
Bribery Bill.
The Marquess of CLANRICARDE presented a petition
against the Bill.
The Bishop of NORWICH presented various petitions
praying for th.- better observance of the Sabbath.
Mr. TOOKE, and other Members of the House of
Common-, brought up several private bills.
A NOBLE LORD presented a petition from the Magis•
trates at Bedfordshire, praying the House to amend the
provisions of the beer Bill.
Lord DACRE presented a petition from a parish in
Essex praying that Methodists be relieved fiorn al church
rates and dues. . _

The Bishop of LANDAFF presented a petition from
the minister and congregation of Percy Chapel, St. Pan..
era., for the better observance of the sahhath.
Lord SUFFIELD presented forty-eight petitions,
all praying for the tot,' and irnmediate abolition
of negro slavery, from the Presbyterian congregation
and Synod of Brides; from the inhabitants of Paisley;
several parishes in Sornersetshire; Shipton, and other
other places, in Norfolk ; Warren, in Shropshire; Abing-
don ; the Protestant Dissenters of London and Middlesex;
from the inhabitants of Warrick, Lisgean, Paiston, and
several places in Cumberland ; from the Weleyan Me-
thodists of Northumberland ; from the inha•-itants of
Arthur's Hi;l, Wynn, and other places in Northumberland;
The Marine and Army Mutiny all went through
Committee.

The House then went into Committee on the Privy-
Council Bill. After a few alterations were introduced
into it, at the sugestion of Lird WYNFORD, the Howe
adjourned till half-past three to-morrow.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
The SPEAKER resumed his seat a few minutes after five
o'clork.

Mr. O'CONNELL cave notice that on Monday next,
prior to the House going into a Committee of Supply, he
would move for the appointment of a Select Committee
to enquire whether the county of Kilkenny was in such a
rtate of disturbance a■ justified the Lord Lieutenant of
Ireland in proclaiming it, and applying the operation or
die new Act to it.
GRAND JUNCTION RAIL-ROAD.

On the motion of Lord ALTHORP. the Bill to extend
the railway from Warrington to Newton to Birmingham,
was read a third time and pissed afer the introduction of
three additional clauses by Mr. NV. PATTEN.
Mr. HUIIE said the House would recollect that a
Committee had been appoitred to inquire what offices
were held by Members of both Houses of Parliament, and
the amount of the salaries; it had, however, been found
that the Committee had no means of ob,aining the in-
formation from the Members of the House of Peers, and,
therefore he would move that so much of the orde' as re
late t to the Members of the Upper House be di.ch•rg.d.
He took this opportunity of stating that there were still
120 Members of the House of Commons who had not
attended before the Committee. although they had been
waiting ten days, and he hoped the present notice
would be sufficient to induce those Hon. Members to
furnish the requisite information.
The part of the order relating to the House of Lords
was then discharged.
_

A the reque•t of Lord ALTHORT, Mr. BUCKINGHAM
po.tponed hi, motion rdative to the erection of a new
House of Commons to the 9tl)

NEW BEER SHOPS.

The Marquis of CHANDOS rose to call the attention
of the House to the subject on which he had given notice
of a motion—he meant the beer houses. His object in
moving for a commi•tee on that subject was, not for
the purpose of doing away with them altogether;
on the contrary, he wished to place them on a
letter footing, more properly to regulate them, and
thereby to afford better accommodation to the public.
There were at present not less than 26,000 beer, exclu-
sively of ale, houses in England, and lie believed a great deal
of pauperism in the country arose from their multiplicity ;
they were chiefly attended by paupers, who, in their turn,
invited others, who spent all their resources in beer,
and ultimately became greatburthens to the parish.
(Hear, hear.) 'I he "„,licences were granted, too, with-
out any inquiry into the respectability of charac-
ter or circumstances of those who occupied beer
shops. He wished to see the tenants of beer houses as the
occupiers of ale-houses, and he hoped that while better
order was secured in the management of the beer shops,
a more wholesome beverage would be given to the
public.—(Hear.) One great evil of the present system
was, that Magistrates had not a sufficient control
over the beer shops, and his proposal was to
place them on a different footing, and subject them
to better and stricter regulations. He wished the persons
who obtained a beer license to be, in all cases, rate. payers
of the p Irish. At present such was not the case. The
Noble Marquis then moved the appointment of a Com-
mittee to inquire into the state and management of the
houses, which, under the Ist of William IV, chap. 24, are
commonly called beer shops, with a view to make such
alterations in the law as should be deemed expedient, with
a view to the better regulation of the same.
Col. WOOD seconded the :notion.
Col. WILLIAMS also approved of its object, but gave
it as his opinion that the beer shops ()fight to be entirely
done away with. He considered them the most fruitful
sources of crime at present existing i❑ this country.

The SPEAKER then put the question.
Lord ALTHORP said, as far as he and Government
were concerned. so far from objecting to the aprintm,nt
of a committee, they were favourable to the inquiry. He
was glad to find the Noble Lord did not go the
length of the Honourable Member for Ashton, and
that he did not mean to du away altogether with the
xistence of the beer shops. He (Lord Altborp) was per-
fectly teady to admit that they required further regulation
than they had at present; at all events, they should be

-./_/12

t;
114‘
+Kos
tfeAt*
# • ( ' -
^ f
0 •
(kc , c,:t
frs, •
♦" 71444 i
I , , VM U~• t' •
un
Llbr itt %- °* fort 1.1.•
~1311Mk143041471p It& VoloL tt 0

( PRICE 7D.)

were exposed to petsecution from one end of Europe
,o the other—they were exposed to atrocities so atrocious,
to miseries so miserable, that he would not dwell upon the
description, hu, content himself by this passim; allusi. n to
tho,.e cruelties, and to state one of its consequences. 1 heir
present situation was in part the re.u't of those cruelties.
This was a consequence periling almost as much to be re
eretteil as the cruelties themselves. The feelines then

.feneratel remained to this day, and were indulged to the
prejudice of that people. They were no longer exposed
ro martyrlom ; they were not tortured or put upon the
rlek, but they were exposed to indienities and insults.

—( Hear, hear.) It was by referring to the cruelties of
the nations of Europe at a former period that we defended
the insults which were still practised and were among
their remaining effects.—( Hear, hear.) He had men-
tioned the conduct of the Jews in Europe, and he would
quote a specimen from the farthest part of Asia. S .me
of them had found refuge in China—there they were ad.
.nitted to the honour of office—and an inscription had been
found which recorded the virtues of the I, ws. It bete
date 1515 ; it praised the Jews for their inteoity, for
,heir fidelity, for their industry in agricnl-ural pursuits,
trid said that they had served faithfully in the army,
notwithstanding the peculiar nature of their religious cere-
monies It was to he remarked, in partienlar, that this
inscription bore testimony to the industry of the Jews in
,gticultural pursuits, though hete it was said that they
mere unfit for such pursuits, and only fit to engage in
tr ide or in money lending. He had three n 7 four more
proofs of the good conduct of the Jews. to which he would
Overt. It had lie-n found th it the emaneip ition of the
Jews in France had answered very well. Napoleon him

-el. hail sta'ed that, and it was so well known that it w
only neces‘ary to allude to it. A remarkable testimony,
however, was borne to the Jews in the Chamber of Depu
iies, on December 4. 1930, by the Minister of Publh: In-
struction.—(The Right Hon. Gentleman quoted this testi-
mony; its purport was, that since the convention hid
placed the Jews upon the footing of other citizms, they
had performed all the duties of good citizens.) They had
fought in the French armies, and shed their blood for
French honour like any other children of the soil. He
would add one other tee imony, that of M. Ch Arles Dupin,
who was well known in this country --(The Right Hon.
Gentleman read a brief extract from the work of that gen-
tleman; as we understood, on " the commercial strength
of France," to the same effect us the passage be quoted
from the Alinister's speech.) Again, Prince Hardenhergh,
the enlightened Prime Minis'er of Prussia, had emancip a-

ted the Jews in that country in 1811 or 1812. In
1814, two years after the emancipation, Prince Harden-
b:•rgh had, in a❑ official lever to the Prussian Consul at
Hamburg, borne the highe,t testimony to their merit-.
As a remarkable ins.anca had recent'y been furnished
of the bravery and devotion of the Jews to the clu4e of
the country that gave them birth, he should just men

tion the fact, which he had at second hand from Gem
Chasse, that during the late extraordinary conflicts he•
tween the Dutch army and that of France, the Jews were
alike distinguished for bravery and for excellent conduct.
If, then, they looked to the remote or to the recent his-
tory of the Jews, better soldiers, better patriots, better
'timbers of society at large, were not to be found ; and
therefore was it the extreme of absurdity to refuse to them
the rights of citizenship ; and the principle upon which
that denial was founded would appear to be in the highest
legree ludicrous, were it not at the same time in the
highest degree cruel and unjust. It had been agreed by
all Theologians, both Jewish and Christian, that the
Jewish nation was labouring under some sort of ban, and
thence the opponents of the change which he contemplated
founded an argument for the position that it would be im-
proper to treat the Jews like oilier nations, but that
proved too much, for it amounted to nothing less than
saying, that whereas the Jews have been laid under the
displeasure of Heaven, they have been subdued, expatriated,
hunted to the ends of the earth, persecuted in every nation,
and proscribed in every community where they ever made
their appearance, and for that reason the people of Eng-
land are to persecute them still further, and inflict upon
them, by the continuance of disabilities at utter variance
with the acknowledged principles of the British Con-
stitution, a still deeper degradation. If the argument
to which he was referring was good for anything, it
would justify the continuance, not merely of civil disa-
bilities, but the renewal of the tortures of former times.
There bad been, as was well known to all whom he had
the honour of addressing, many prophecies as to the suf•
ferings and persecutions to which the people of Israel
would be subject-d. Now, he would ask the House, was
it because men believed in those prophecies, that they were
justified in taking into their own hands the exclusive right
of fulfilling them? In point of fact, the argument to
which he had been referring halted upon the one foot,
and upon the other, and was incapable of being sustained
by any effort of ingenuity. He did not wish to trouble
the House with many extracts upon an occasion of that
nature, nor did he desire to uphold, by me ins of authority,
a cause which happened to be so strong in itself on every
around of policy and justice ; but he could not refrain
from calling their attention to the excellent observrtions of
Bishop Newton, on the subject of those persecutions to
which the Jews had for centuries been exposed. It was
the opinion of that eminent theologian, that the nations
by whom the Jews were persecuted incurred a very serious
responsibility ; and though it was undoubtedly true that
their dispersion and sufferings had been distinctly foretold,
yet the nations who stood forward to render themselves
the instruments of that persecution, took upon themselves
to do that which indisputably exposed them to the wrath
of Heaven, while, on the other hen i, those who abstained
from taking any part in the fulfilment of these awful pro-
phecies, did that which was accep•able iii the eyes of God.
He should net trouble them with hut one more reference
to the writings of eminent men upon the great question
which he hail undertaken to filing under the notice of
a British Legislature—th it reference was to the writings
of Rob-rt Hall, upon whom the Right Hon. Member pro-
nounced a warm euloeiutn. That celebrated man had
said, that a long arrear of justice was due to the children
of Israel for all the sufferings inflicted upon them by
our ancestors. To that he had but to add, that it would
be an ample reward to him fir all the efforts he had made
in the cause, were they one hundredfold greater, should
he prove the humble instrument of restoring to the per
sons professing the Jewish faith those rights as citizens,
of which they should never have been deprived—of making
to them now, at the latest moment, some small acknow-
ledgment—lie could not call it compensation for the hor
rible atrocities perpetrated against them in the course of
centuries. He res ed his demand for this on the broad
principle of religious toleration. He should at all times be
prepared to contend that the infliction of religious dis-
abilities without reason was one of the most grievous
species of oppression—that such disabilities without reason
was nothing short of persecution. He trusted, then, that
the time had arrived when England would wipe away the
repromh of being intolerant—would ex• ite in the minds
of the Jewish subjects of the King a love of that country
which gave them birth. Influenced by eonsideratious
such as these, he bad felt it his bounden duty to introduce
a measure which should remove from the British ch ,ractei
the stain of being unjust to those towards whom so deep
a debt of justice had been incurred.—( Hear, hear) He
concluded by moving a resolution to the effect, that it
was the opinion of the Committee that it was expedient
then to remove all civil disabilities affecting the Jews, in
the same manner as a similar removal had been effected in
the case of the Roman Citholic,.
Sir ROBERT INGLIS regretted that his Right Hon.
Friend, by whom the present motion bad been introduced,
should have made such large concessions to the spurious
liberality now so fashionable. He never had expected
that the Right lion. Mover would have brought in a pro-
position, the effect of which would be to open ever)
avenue to political power to the Musselman from Madras.
the Parsee from Bombay, or the Brahmin from Cilcutta.
He could not overlook the fact, that it had been affirmed
that in that House they incurred no has ird of ever having
their religious feelings wounded, not even though a mixed
body of religionists should come in amongst them. Tha•
in:
part,gh t ,h athe
firstmustde
view,
,"em plausible enough, but for
thathi-
after the experience he hai,
had of the last three years, it did appear to him that the)
were far from safe with respect to their religious attach
ments, and that they were but little indebted to the for-
bearance of those, relative to whom so much forbearanci
lied been petite ited. It was perfectly vain to say tha
the admission of the Jews to power in Poland, in Po:
tugal, or in China, had bad the effect of causing them to
amalgamate with the rest of the community in thosi
countries—they still existed there as a distinct nation
and they would at once reject any benefits founded upon
renunciation of their national character. The promotion
Joseph and of Daniel in a foreign land, though referred t
in support of the prinuiple for which the Right licia.Ziluve.
