EVIDENCE.

Thom as Fair 'examined by Mr. Marryat—Knows the shop
Of the defendant, No. 55 Fleet-street. [The book contain-
ing the lihel was put in his hand.] He went to that shop on
the 19th of March last, saw the defendant, and bought of him
the book he held in his hand; Paid for it is.
book, was handed in.
Cross examined.by Mr. CArlile—You saw the book exposed
for sale, and found no objection or hesitation to sell it.
‘Vitoess—Yes; it was exposed fur sale, and you made ho
objection to sill it.
The Ciiitlf Justice—You saw it exposed in the window ?.

Witness—Nut in the window, nly Lurd, it was exposed in
the shop.
- Mr. Carlile—lt was exposed, for -sale in the window at the

'Me indictment was then read throl►gh.
Mr. Carli!e now begged that the first Count might he read
again, as he apprehended there was a llieral difference be-
tween the libel set forth and the libel itself. _ .

Thu Count was read again, and found correct. The doubt
was, whether the Word " how" had been substituted for
4, now."

Mc. Gurney--That is the case on the part cif the prosecution.

THE DEFENCE.

Mr. Carlile now commenced his defence. He
said, that tt►is .was the fourth day he had stood in
this Court to Ath,nd himself gainst a charge of
bliisphemv. He had contended, and he still con-

ternfed, tt?at no Court of Justice in tb,e country,

inasmuch as there was no statute law on the sub-
ject, could take cognizance of a charge of blas-
phemy. A verdict had been given against him by
a former Jury he trusted the present Jury

had discarded from their minds that circumstance,
1 a, he had no-doubt; if the Court of King's Bench
'were disposed to do justice to a Deist as well as
to a Christian, that he would he able to convince
them on the first day of next Term, ,that their
verdict was illegal and contaminated.:•The law of
this question he should not at present go into.
The Learned Gentleman who had opened this case
hail stated, that this prosecution ,had. been insti-
•t tiled by the Society for the Suppression of Vice..
Of this fact he was ignorant until last night,.
-when be, for the first time, was ..made acquainted
'With his prosecutors. 'llie Learned Gentleman
had also told them, that the people of this
country had been much benefited by the exer-
tions of 'this S6ciety. Ile was inclined to ad-
- wit this to have been the case in some instances,
but be thought they carried their inquisitorial
conduct much too tar, by taking notice, of any
-publications which did not tend to the demorali-
z-ition of mankind. The question was, whether
this Society was justified in assuming to them-
selves the character of Censors of the Press, and
of examining the books relating only to matters
of opinion, and religiOn. defendant then
proceeded to. examine the principal topics of Mr.
Gurney's speech. He denied that he was an of-
fender, although 'described as such by.that Gen-
tleman., until the -.hay had so. pronounced him,
-,and he trusted they would not be bidneed to come
to that conclusion, until he had gone into his jus-
tification, which it -was his intention this day to
do, in defiance of the Judge; sinless ,they should
tell him that they were determined not to hear
him. If they should so decide, he, could only
again obsert e, that their verdict would be contrary
to law, and' in direct contradiction to the spitlt of
the British Constitution ; that his trial was a mere
mockery, and that this Court was no longer a Court
of Justice, but a.dictatorial Inquisition, Mr.. Ca-
rine once more appealed to the Act for tolerating
shoe who disbelieved in the Trinity, as his shield.
While this. Act existed, and while -those who im-
pugned the Trinity, which was the very founds.-
tiun of Christianity, were permitted to preach
their doctrines without molestation, he contended
that he also was justified in stating to the world
his opinions, and he had no hesitation in believ-
ing-, that on the first day of next Term the Judges
of the Land would confirm this proposition. Ile
desired to state, that it was with great pleasure
he stood there to defend this publication (contain-
ing the' libel), because in a great measure lie
agreed with the whole of its sentiments. There
was one part of it,.however, in which he did not
agree---he meant the last chapter, which alluded.
ro Atilsei-ni. That chapter. was not the °pi-
llion of the author, who was a Deist, but was
copied trom tee weauscript of a friend. The
work was origin-ally published "u North America,

twenty years ago, and had gone gone through
three editions—and yet the peopleof America were
not less religious or less divested of the Christian
Religion, than the people of this country. it was
entitled " The principles of Nature ; or, a-De-
Veinpment of the Mara! Causes of Happiness or
Misery among the Human Species." '[bat hap-
piness and misery did exist in the world, no man
could doubt, and to inquire into the causes of
the one or the other was the object of this pnb-
lieation—an object in which, in his humble esti-
mation, no rational man could find ground for
complaint. Mr. Carlile now proceeded to read
the Preface ; and at the cOnclosion observed; that
Mr. Palnicr was a Divine of the Kirk of Scot-
land, and had been banished front Dundee for
avowing opinions in opposition to those he once
held in favour of Christianity, hilt which his
philosophical ,researches had induced him to
abinidoo. _

Tit,e defendant, during his reading front Pal-
mer's work, introduced Mr. Bellamy's prospectus
for publishing a new translation of the Bible.=
The errors .oe, translation, as pointed out by Mr.
Bellamy, he considered matter necessary for
his defence. According to the prospectus, that
which persons had been taught to believe
(roe was talse. The Prince Regent, the Queen,
and the Royal Family, with many of the No.
hitity anti Bishops, had. espoused Mr. Bel-
lamy's intended translation, by putting their names.
among his subscribers. He was satisfied many
persons were convinced of the incorrectness of the
Bible, but it was strange indeed to find among
the subscribers to the New Translation the names
of several of his prosecutors. Richard Clark,-Esq.
one of the Society
.tor the Suppressiim of Vice,
was upon the list of Mr. Bellamy's patrons. This
proof of errors in the Bible would be a good
grou,,ii for his defence, it justice and' reason
could prevail ; ibut if prejudice was to take place
or , he-had nothing to• expect. 'He was ready
to idini: there was a strong feeling iof reason in
the country, but it did no: appear to pervade
that Coto t. One party in the Country was ad-
verse to the progress of improvement, another
was st.tugg irig to raise men temp the degrading
State in which they there placed 'by-slavery Of the
Mind He w,is entitled to say Mr. Bellamy, by
pointing out. errors in the translation, had im-
pugned toe truth of the Sri iiiture, and if he was
to he punished for denying the truth of the Bible,
Mr. Bellamy also was liable to punishment for the
saute ntlence„ Mr. Bclbumy had impugned the
word of God, by reviling the Scriptures.
The CHIEF Justice—lle has. done no Such
thing', Sir. I cannot licar'a gentleman cliarged
with reviling the Scriptures, who bas -only the in-
tention to amend what appears to him errors in
translation.

Mi.. Carlile—l believe' Mr. Bellamy to 'lie a
virtuons good man. I think his object and study
is to improve the. morals of society. I have no
intention to asperse his conduct—l only said
that which was admitted to be truth 'was im-
pugned by being termed falsehood.
The defendant continued reading Palmer's
book, and contending that the assertions of Mr.
Bellamy supported the assertions, of Palmer.
I feel so strongly, said he, the truth of whit he
has published, that I should take pleasure to de-
fend what I have done from day to day, during
my life.—The Attorney-General was rejoicing, no
doubt, that he had crushed him ; bnt it the Court
of King's Bench was open to a Deist, he should
have a new trial. He shoulds)ae allowed to defend
himself, which he had been prevented from doing.
He wished the Jury to consider well 'the disposi-
,tionof Mr. Palmer when he wrote the work which
_was the subject of prosecution. It was written
by a Deist. He Stood \there to avow Deism, and
although tbe Jury might not, concur with hint in
opinion upon that branch of faith, 'the question
foi diem. to decide was, whether he had published
:the book with a malicious intent. He did not
at-
.tempt to) deny that he knew what the work was.
.lle read it, and admired it, before be published it.
Mr., GURNEY here addressed the Court. He
was ready to admit the defendant, by law, was
permitted to read passages its the book, for the
purpose of showing. the sense of the passages in
the .information was not complete, but he had no
right to'go through a long book, containing many
passages as illegal O those for which he stood pro-
secuted, for the purpose of disseminating opinioni
in support of Deisui. The defendant had asserted
that ifiS object was not to show the 'sense of.the
passages in the infOrmation, but to'declare the
object of others. The Learned Counsel submitted
to the Judge that the defendant had no right to
read this offensive matter.

Mr. Carlile—This objection argues nothing
more than that the Learned Gentleman . has
taken the alarm at\ what I have read.' If it ap-
pears to the Jury that what.] have read is of en.
sire, I must suffer from it. I apical to the'JOry
to say whether wy motives were malicious ?
The Chief Justice—You have declared your
objecOs to propagate Deism, and to put clown
the2Cliristian Religion.
Mr. Car tolerate every sect, and I ask
for toleration--let me state my own faith.
Chief Justice.--. You art not here for expression
of faith ; you are proseented for defaming the
Holy Scriptures—fur denying the Divinity of our
Saviour, and the truth of. our Religions • You
ay you wish fret- the propagation of Deistif, and
that you should take pleasure every day of your
life in opposing the doctkineS of Christianity.
Carlile—l speak With' the sine feeling that a
Chriftian would, speaking of his own religion.
Chief Justice Well, Sir, there is an avowal of
your intention to defarne_the Christian religion ;
and the question is, whether you shall, for the ae-
eomplishment of that purpose, be allowedto go
'on reading the matter of a book as illegal as the
matter in the information. 1 ant bound to tell
you, Gentlemen of the Jury, that the Christian
religion is established by lam, and to deny the
truth of its divine authority is an offence against
the law. It seems tome it ought not to be allow-
ed that a man should go on endeavouring to defend
himself, tint by shotving he has not done the thing
he is charged with doing, but that it was his inten-
tion to publish the work, and that his avowed object
is to support Deism. Am I to go ott from, day to
day, allowing the defendant to teat' what is ille-
gal ? I have done too much on my' own respon-
sibility, and 1 think 1 ought not to suffer it longer.

It must be considered that I am not to be sitting'
here day after day, to hear—a man defame the
Christian Religion. If you 'will-1460i any other
line of defence, you may go on. If you can argue
upon the 'character of English Law and theili+k
berty of the Press, that you were allowed to pub-
lisp a work of this kind, you may go on.
Carliie—This objection' is nothing more than'
alarm, occasioned by the strength of the matter
I was reading..
.
Chief Justice—Yon have avowed your inven-
tion was to set up Deism, put down the Christian
Religion, and bring it into contempt.
Carlile—My Lord, your proceeding to-day .is
not like your proceeding on a former day, Whets
you said I might read any part of the book -frOin'
which the passages in the information were taken...
Judge—l say so but when you reiterate.
that your object is to bring the Christian 111.eli-:
gion into contempt, I cannot sit here to aIIOW
The defendant then contended that he was
lowed, to shelter . hitnsell under the Act of Parlial'.
went, which allowed persons to impugn the
'Trinity. He was allowed to impugn the Christian
relit ion.
Hete the' Chief Justice once more interrupter

Carlile—it is your Lor►tship's opinion that mf
defence is illegal. The Jnry will also decidc
whether it is legal.

Chief Justice--I trust the Jury will decide upon
the fact, whether you have published a profane
libel,. lam botmd to consider you as pursuing an
unlawful object.
Garble—l appeal to the Jury as judges of the
law and fact.
_They form a superior tribunal.
The,Joty here said by their FOreman, that they
did not consider themselves superior to the Judge.
They. expected his assistance..
Carlil4—Gentlemen, I consider von are judge.
of law as well as fact, and' 1 appeal to you to say
whet her 'mydefence is proper or improper. It yut*
'decide against me 1 will sit down ; hnt nothing
but your decision will prevent me going into MY
defence.
The Jury stated that it was tut improper mod*
of defence ; and the defendant sat (town.
The CHIEF. JUSTICE then addressed the Jury,
and stated the nature of the information, which
charged the defendant with pt.blishing a
phemous libel
,against the Holy 'scriptures. Tile
defendant had insisted on his right to take 0
course for his defence, which tine law did not a1,;,.,17!
Li answer to a charge of pUblishing a book whiclt
was intended to bring the Scriptures and the
Christian Religion into contempt., he sail he was
entitled to read other offensive matter. This vt,,s
an indictment (minded on the common law of the
land, and be was boned to state that an endeavour
to bring the Christian 'Religion into contempt bf
the means of. a publication, was an offence against
the law.- The defendant howiver argued, that
a recent. Act of Parliament rendered it. lawful
to bring the Christian Religion into contempt.—•
The Act applied to the relief of persons wird
felt scruples of conscience respecting the Holy,
Trinity ; and did not repeal the 9th and 10th dr
William the Third. Could any .one of common
understanding suppose that an Act which was tf,
relieve persons who deny the Trinity, froM pair'
and penalties, gave a license Willy man to bring
the whole Christian Religion into contempt
His opinion was, that the Act of Parliament couhl
not have that effect. The defendant had cot,'.
tended that it was lawful to allow him to bring
the Christian Religion into contempt. In point
of law, no man had a right to do that. if t4,4'
Jury should be of opinion that. the defendant (not'
withstanding the avowal of his intention) had nOS
brought the religion of the country into contempt,
they would decide accordingly.
The Jury, without hesitation, found the de'
fendant Guilty.
Mr. GuaNey then said there were two other
indictments against the defendant, for publish 4
Paine's Age of Reason, since. the, last information
was filed ; and as the defendant had priblielf
stated that bad sold ten thousand copies Si°
Christmas, he was not desirous: of proceed 4
with the matter that day.. It would be the sdirj
ject some future proceedin. 1-le then mere.
the defendant be 'taken into custody.
The defendant applied to -be admitted to had.
The Judge idlOWed him to put in bail, ins be
the amount taken in the last case, !'he
ant wished to make some obseyvation respects
bail, but Was not allowed 'to. prbeeed, as it vvl
not a subject to be introduced in:_ahat Court. I'-IL
inight be brought before the Judges at chamberg'
The defendant, went away in custody, and dt
Court adjourned,

HOP INTELLIGENCE.

WORCESTER, OCT. 13.—1 n our market f',l
Saturday, 2454 pockets •of New, and 52 of
were weighed; average prices, 70s. to 845.--10,
said that many of the Kent Planters are boldloo
back in hopes of better prices. -

•
COURSE OF EXCHANGE, FRIDAY, ;0c r . .8.
Amstesdam „ -
Ditto, at Sight
Rotterdam Pi 1
Antwerp l2 3
Hambiligh — ' 3( 42f 110:,
Altona
Paris, 3 Day's Sight 25 3o 0 If:.
Ditto -
0 (3.6'
Bourdeaux, ditto
Frank fort on the ?lain
Madrid ri'if .Eff° •ce
EjTe-4! •
Cadiz
Billma 3si 0.
, . _

Seville ,..
15
Gibraltar 3O •
Barcelona - _

Leghorn
Genoa... 43i-Venice, Ital. Lir 27 so
Malta... ..46 -Naples 3SI , • ijs;
Palermo

Lisbon
Oporto
Rio Janeiro
MUD.... ..... 12.....C0rk,....12 per Ccut.
Agio of the Bank on Holland.... 2 per Cent.
BULLION. er I9°'
Portugal Gold, in Coin L.O 0 02'
Foreign Gold, in Bars 3 17 104
New Dollars 0 5 0
Silver'in Bars, Standard 0 5 g

6re
LONDON: Printed by.l. B. CARSTAIRS, Of No- W. ``AI
Ormond-street, Queen-square; and published I)
SI)
SCRIPPS, of No. 7, South Holton-street, at 'll`,,,idsf"
°dice, No. tit, Strand ; where Advettisements,
lictters, &c, (post-paid) paint be addressed.
