RA)us.6N swirmtge FA SHN

FULL DRKSS.—Around train dress of Moravian worked
"rnitslin, .With correspondent border, worn over white satin ;
sbhire satin sash, tied in frnt ; long 'waist, with robing baLk ;
mum; bpsorn, cut low, embroidered Dottier round;• no neck ker.
chief ; a short full sleeve, leathered into a pui.kered roll the
size of the arm ; the hair parted near the forehead, the 'tont
--in close curls, divided trout that whCh terms in.: crown by a
tiara of frost- work stuacted with arilitlire medalions in the
centre, the rest of the -hair 'formed Into various ltuilzontat
braid', twisted into a knot on the crown of the head, and
fastened•witti a gold-comb, the ends formed into curls ; neck.
lace and ear-rings of ...meth:. biS, linked with wrought gold./
India muslin scarf, richly ernnroidered with an embroidery ig
purple and gold ; vviiite satin shoes, and nitric kid gloves.
E V.*N 124 G WALKING LYRSS3.—YIain dress,
walkinA length, ;t.riobeit Limo 174 t round the b,ttorn ; a pa.
tent net apron; with au embroidered border ur stars, and a
like put lull all tumid ; the boson' of the dress 'cut ballet
atti a 11.111 of‘ net round ; a short sleeve ra-
ther cull conti,ieit wa a n plaited bard ot muslin the size oe
the arm ; a sut.,ll straw hat, a little tdriird up on one side,
no riin on the i.,titer, bit the vacancy occupied by fiekl-flow.
ers, or roses ;. a band• of ciloW sarsilet is 1 j "s1:iSt:(1 under the
,chin, and tied in a bow on the top or- tile crown ; no hair is
sen-liutfort the sides ; a !tali-square of lilac In.i6lin, em..
broidered with a bc,rder of Lure, leaves hi' thrown
negligently round the neck, and ‘Oiinited simply. with the,
right hand • necklace and ear-rings of pearl ; yet.
low k:(1, tied above the elbow with a how o 1 tiler; ribbon ;
sandals of the ssme, .laced with lilac ; lilac ribbon round to
waist, and tied with a small bow and long ends behigd.

Some censure baS been direaed against the Uni•
versify of Cambridge, because it is said .that the
Statueof GLORY is to be removed to make room for
that of Mr. PITT. We know not if the report be
weil, founded,, but surely there can be. no impro-
priety in displacing .a mere allegorical, Charader in
order to erect a statue of a Man of exemplary merit,
one of the first Orators, ablest Statesmen, and most
disinterested Patriots; that the world ever saw. On
the contrary, the University, by such a measure,
would shew its good' sense, and its veneration for
exalted worth and. talents.

The pne colleftion of Piainres belonging to the
Marquis of STAFF.OIID, consisting of a vast number
!0t.,-the most- exqnisite specimens of Art, was shewn
for- the last. time this 'season on Wednesday. The
liberal,rnannerin which the Marquip has opened his
noble Mansion in order to subunit this admirable Col-
dedion to the view of the judicious, and indeed al-
most to the Public in . general, entities him to the
grateful praise of every friend to the Arts. From
such laudable kindness an improvement oftaste in
general may result, and the rising race of Artists
derive such lights intt;:the Profession they have
adopted, by the best examples., as may give expansion
to theittalen ts, and considerably advance their efforts
in tie pursuits of fame and independence. --.

•
leVhen Mr. SHEUIDAN and his Part), returned to
B.6inerset-House, atter his aquatic excursion, he was
with a discharge of gun, which caused a
'rej3ort all over the town, and was thought ;o have
re.itilted Iron the arrival of .a 111,esseuger with a Pre.
lirnioary Treaty of Peaw:.

Fii;,l-CIATAND DUTCH PAPERS.

• Fr:A nKFORT,..."-N.LTG usT. 1.6.—1 t has been announced
..to the Fotisigm. MeN-I,ants.lie,c, that the approach-
Eiir- of S'eplember be.held without the 'reiist
. • ' • :•
••• The .Kiog of •Frussia has-,acknowled;ed the
.Con.
fekratian of. the Rhine :.the Eleaur FlesSe-Cas=
sel will pron.:OT take a parCia the Northern' Con-
federatil/4-,n,• under a, Ducal title. The Northern
Coo; is Lave- already commenced their negotiations.
. -upon t subject, of .which. Berlin is the centre.
,The rtt .r.ch of the French troops upon the Left
Bank of the
,Rhine continues; theypass at Coblentz, •
• Alaniteim, and Svrasblirg-h. • _
•
AUGV NICE,
~ 3.--Tho Peace, between France
• and Russia itas been announced by a Piociamation, •
and was:received with the strongest.demonstrations
. ofjoy-,.and • continued acannation cif " ;Long
• live the Enwi:ror and King !" The whole city-was
• illutninated.

' • CA2SEL, AUG. ,14.---The Northern Pow- ers are
, • ektrerndly active re9aeaing the ne.w Confederation.
As soon as the RuSsian Envoy at Berlin
._shall have
• . reeeireti the necessary instructions; frOm St. Peters-
• burgh, the changes intendedAvill probably take place.
The Counsellor of •State,M. LEOuaam, has taken
a rude sketch of this Constitution with hint to St.
Petersburgb, a copy of which has been left at Ber=
lin. Harriburgh, it is said, is.to be.the seat of Allis
• Confederation. Several of the principal cities of
the Empire- will. of couse,..lose their Sovereignty. The Duke of BRUNsW.ICK is named as the Prince
Primate of the. Northern Confederation. * Our
Elector is not expected to return. from Berlin till
these affairs are, in a great measure, settled, and the',
answer of the Court of St. l'aersbUrgh is received;
.-this is expected about the 24th inst.
ROME, s.—The report spread. by some
Newspapers, tliat the French troops ..vereju posses-
sion of the Castle of St. Angelo, pow officially
contradi&ed'. The Papal troops continue to, form
• that garrison.'
FLORENCE, AuG. 6.--An Ambassador:: from the '
rnperor 'of Morocco has landed at -Leghorn,, and
has arrived id this city. -He is•calleidAttmttanort .
BENZENER, and is , accompanied. by- ,-Anyi,lsl
the Emperor of .Morocco's favourite. He
has a Secretary and Interpreter, and. a numerous
suite.

NAPLES, AVG. b.—About the end of the month
Marshal MAiSENA. will be ready to. set out for Ca-
labria, to nut an end to the remains of "the insur-
redion. The English continue in .iiossei,sion of
Auwrithes, where they made good their first land-

About the same time it is expated the troops, on
their march through , Apulia .and Basilicata will
be able to 'fofm a junction with General RFgt•rica.
This reinfOrcement 's reckoned sufficient to drive
the ,English out of their intrenchments near the
Gulph of St. Euphemia. Among dusk, whp have
unfortunately fallen a sacrifice to the insurcrebts;
is the nephew of M. ALQUIEE, and the' Bishop of.
COZENSA. 'When Gaeta surrendered,' four Eng-
lish Ships of the Line, fotn- Fricr.ates, and a' number

• lof Brigs and Gur-boati,-Were lying in the road. It
seer .:s to: have been the Prince HEssE
to have risked all the conse-
---qUences of a storm, as before he was wounded he
ordered, works to be thrown up at the entrances of
the streets, and provided them with cannon. Of
• this gallant:Prince's real sitUation we know but lit-
,' tle ; some accounts mention his perfect 'recovery,
While others insist upon his death.
The Flotilla under eiptain • 7.ll(iNn't MAJOR has
- for the Island' of 'Capri, to'sk'jik. the !English
Guri-,boats that cruize about that place.
GE'zir6A, A. G. 9.—A letter'fiom the trench.corn-
nitssarv.. «t Tutti, to the Marine Prefee at this
, lacy , mentions that the .1),:v ,htis"set.::All the Ge-
obese that were in slavery. at:Tunis:al li,i rty. This
"ill Of liberation .also Inclifded sixteen Switzers,
.sand several' other • person's; of. different --cOuntrie.s,
who wele taken under the Geneese flag, The Dey
has giV-et3 orders to his, crnizers- npt to interrupt
.any Neapoiitan• VesSels.furriiidied with Preach 'pass-.
ports. .

NA I,,ES, 4'.-L-EThe rstranbles, 'which r.gi-
-tate& the Province, of S,llerno.. for 'moment
(thanks to the bravely, of the Conicans„.,:anii the in-
telligence of • Lieutenant-Colonel' 'GArt*o 80.z.-ELLt
.z.-ELLt !) are entirely suppressed. , . :
By a Decree of the 3 ist of July, the 'Two Cala-
.brias are declared in .a state of,w'
. • " All the ciVil and- Military _Atithcritiet-tire :to
.o-tay....the orders, and •be accountable to the -Com-
mander in Chief of the Expedition. "
This General-i:i authorised.to,appoint Military
Cornrrnions,- .lillose. sentences' shall • he executed
withwvithiii t wen ty-four. flour 3, without appeal.
" Ti e' Troops-shall be inaint3ined by the revolted
Pro% intea.

" The property of:persons found guilty- b 7 the
TributiAs I),e confiscated.

" All. the Convents, -the idorilts.of which. shall.
not declare to the President, or the next. General,
the 'nanle.s of such. of
,their Order as have taken
arms, excited to rebellion, or a6ted as Spies-for the
Enenr.;-; shall ,be shot op, The Monks. of seventy
years old shall be sent to the Other Convents of the
same Order, and the te,mainder banished the King-
dom; or capitally prinished, if they Contravene this
order: •

•
4'4e property of the landed proprietor' whq
emigrated is .confiscated; and they are-declared
Enernics to:the State. •

. ,
"'Any person who shall retain arins2twenty-four
houfs atter the. pub;ication of an order for deliver-
hi g them up, shill he condenined.to death."
Generals: 'GRENtEtt,. VERDIER,' and. INIERKET,
have Maintained their repatation.. They preserved
their pcAitiOn, and the English were. con-yelled to
re-embark,' • " •

Cotrona and Reggio held out against the united
force of the Rebels and EngFsh.
Marshal MAsszNA has set out for Calabria, in-
v eqed with jull pywers !
A CAnip is ordered to he,formed.,att aalerta, and
another iti Apulia.'
We-are' asured that the Ex-King and, Queen
intend to escape, from Sicily, now that iheir_proje6t
is blown.

. , .
The battzilions'.which entered this: Cit,y'after the
siege -of Gaeta, immediately set out fur Apulia and

---

.
Accotding ttv 141 est intelli4etee, the ..figands
haye.been every. where repuised, and the provinces
are hastening to implore, at the. foot ofthe Throne;
that clemency v7,bich so eminently distingilishes the
charaeter of our Sovereign.
Mijrucn, AUG. 11.-- be march of the
troops, imeaded to complete,several liegipaents or
the Grand Army; still continues. On,the 10th inst.
. upwards of ten thousand passed by this town'on.thcir
Avay to Lower Bavaria. A' park of artilk.ry was;
also Sent to Brannau, where there is sti:l
Garrison.

PARIS,' AUG. 21.—A1l the Ministers went to
Ranibouillet this morning to receive ,his Majesty's
commands. . •
-•
• •M. PONQUEVILLE is appointed Consul-General
in Albania.
-L'iltalienne, a 44-gun Frigate;• waSqaunched at.
St: Maloes on St. Napoleon's DaY.-s
Madame CATALINT is expeeteci to set ot:t for Lon-
don at the end of the month, haying been engaged
for the Grand Opera in 'that
FRANKFORT, Au G. 13.-7-Letters. from. Augsbuigh
mention, that Gradisca has, with the consent of the
Court of Vienna, been occupied by the 'French.
This news • requires confirmation. -The Kline let-
ters mention,. for the.-sixt/c time, that The Fortress
'of Cataro has • been at length delivered up •to the
•French.

,HAVRE, AUG. 15.-=-Capt, HENtx, commanding
the PriVateer 'The EgIJ-; off BOuloglte, arrived yester-
day-evening in thiS Port. HO'relates, that he..hOd
very smart adion off, the Isle of Wight with an Eng-
lish Brig, whiCh be.attempted to carry by,bOarding„
The engagement was kept yip for two hours, bOard.
to bwird, during, which the respeaive crews even
.fonght .with their fists. This af.air, which was at-
:tended with, no eonsequences,,, because.the , Enetny
.made off, does the greatest'honour to Capt.' 1-hNIN.
Arid his crew. He had 4•;,.c1 killed, and ten wounded,
itost. of them mortally: Captain HE IN is among
the number of
,the wounded.

•
. , •
[This was the ael!on fougi.t by the P HOSPIIOR us Fire-
bug, Lieutenant 'I
-loci-us; as mentioned in the Gazette of
the ,z6tli

TR/ESTE, JULY 30..---The Army of General MAR
MONT is defiling by this town,lo proceed by forced
marches to'Daltnatia. The General. himself, with a
numerous Suite, and' the whole of his Statr, arrived
here some days ago. At six the next Morning he
set out for Fiume. General BOUDET also passed
through this morning. •
NAPLES; AUG. 2.—Great numbers of troops set
out every day fbr Calabria. Marshal MASSENA is to
command this Expedition, 'which i 3 to consist of
'25,000 men.

BANKS OF THE MAINE, AUG. 14..-,—Sotne Journ'als
mention, that Austrian Friuli has been taken pos-
session of by the French.., • •
BAYREUTH; AUG. Austrian Journal of
the 2d instant mentions, " thaecioriza and:Gradista,
in Austrian FriUli, xvere occupied by the French on
the 2d of July. Theytook possession in the name
of the KinTof Ita 'and required the Public. Of-
ficers to' take the. Oaths of ii elite to, that Sovereign.
.Those :refusing-to do so dismissed ,froM their
employments, and sevc:ai of them were.iinprs:)ned.
French CoMtuiry arpointed,
'others in' their. plat:e,' • .new orioniAation. waS
etfee.,ted in a few.days. nevertheless,.. suppose
that this unexpected. nominati,:,a iS only a provi-
sional and temporary. rnea,utre; 'partifywly as We
Jean]. this tkiy, that the reports:of .rniiifary prepara-
,tions.in'the Austrian -.l%intrcity are' wit:Aont foUnda---
,6017 j and that t le Ar‘-±dake (.:lIALLE, 'to avoid ;:ny
appearance Of the kind, has given orders, that there
shall not be. a single eatußtbrmesi this year aL.cwd-
ing to the annual pratlice.,"•
DUSSELDORE; AUG. 19.—The Prussian Carri Son
which iiad left Osnabruck returned to that town on
the loth instant.

t PARIS, AUQ. 20.—0 n the 6th inst_ the body of
the' Marquis Tweedale, an English Goatlermn;
and that of Lis wife, were taicen oilr of the subter-
raneous chambers in the Citadel of Verdun, where
they had been preserved (embalmed), for some
time. They were placed in a. b,;at, to be sent
to Holland by the Meuse, and -front thence to
England. •

The intercourse between Paris, and London still
continues. It is also' remarked, that Lords YAR-
MOUTH and LAUDERDALE made a visit two days
ago to M. M. CfiA..IPAGNY and CLARKE, Wiliell.the
latter returned a few hours after, and -that the clay
before yesterday these two Lords diutd ›vith the
Minister of the Interior.

The'. debut of Mrs.. CHARLES KEMBLE upon the
Boards .olCovent-:Garden Theatre will be introduCed
by an Occasional iNcluss, written by Mr. DrmoNn,
jun. of Ecth,2:nd to be spoken hy the fiscinating and
faccurite AltresS herself., ^ •
'DIEMEN has no little le;p011 to be satisfied with the
:success. of hiS. Qft, for thong)) it has been
represented no, Less than 30 times it.is still the most
attra6liv Pieta the 'Haymarket Theatre exhibits, and
goes off with as much, spirit as at its first appear-

. .
Cooxr, the actor, appeared to so little advantage in
the character of Plaintiff' upon the legal Stage, in
Iraaitd,' that it is .very probable his. Promptor was
'an Attorney, little solicitous about the catastrophe, as
he knew that die performance altogether would be
:for:his 0- 21,1 i ben, ft. . .
..In one of the Western Counties it was lately pro-
posed to repair a Church; the Parishioners, how-.
. ever, requested that it might be rebuilt, alledging,
that they found by erfierience, the latter proceeding
would be the least expensive ! .
. Lately, in .Bedfordshire, the day being appointed
for the interment of an inhabitant -Of the village,
the Clergyman and Clerk attended, and the hear,o,
which is" a sort of cart, with the attendantS, drew
3.1 p at the church-yard gate; the Minister immediately
began the service, proceeded to the grate, followed.
by the Clerk, when, to their. mutual 'astonishment,
neither the corpse or the Mourners were to be seen ;
the Parson stared at the Clerk, and the Clerk looked
at the Parson : upon 'inquiry into the Afthir it prOved-,
that through 'the carelessness and inattention of. the
driver the corpse had fallen. from the hearse' near a
mile from the church, which circumstance, to, the
great mortifACation of both Parson And Clerk, delayed
the ceremony an hour.
BONAPARTE seems disposed to convince man-
kind, that when he found an hum Crown, was ac-_
companied with a :Sceptre of the same sub tan e
and that while he wears the one, ht_ is r,:soivez.: to
rule with .the other.
..

~-~-
