mulate and fill our harbour. Our merchants stil
complain of the continued stagnation of corn
name.

Cc
BRUSSELS, JUNE 10.—It is affirmed that the
States of several of the Southern Provinces have
resolved to address his Majesty, begging him not
to sanction the new law on the finances. Hopes,
however, are entertained that there will be nu-
merous
Modifications- in its details. Count Ha-
sendorp, one of the most eloquent advo-
cates of the new law, observes, that it lays
down 'general principles for all the taxes ;
that a new law will be necessary for each parti-
cular tax, and that consevently every reason-
"ble objection may be made to the details, which
will be discussed in the most scrupulous manner.'
This view of the question is confirmed by the
Peecli of the Minister on closing the Session,
where he announces that the special laws are now
Preparing to be laid before the Chambers in the
next Session ; -and that they will remove many of
the objections made during the discussion of the
law, and dispel the prejudices which have been
excited.'t

-War between Rus.tia and Turkey seems to be
inevitable. The symptoms of hostility multiply;
and the movements of troops, and other ominous
Preparations, give dreadful note of approaching
collision and conflict. This country will be
Placed- in very difficult and delicate circuin-
Stances, should a rupture between these two
Powers actually take place. No man will much
regret the downfal of the throne of the Sultans,
of that barbarous and despotic system which has
8° long held a large portion of the globe in the
chains of slavery, ignorance, and superstition :
bst England cannot' passively see Greece and
Turkey fall-under the subjection of Russia, or
Partitioned between that aspiring power and
Austria. It is for the interest of humanity, and
.the honour of Europe and of Christendom, that ,
Greeks should succeed in establishing their
this
; and we could almost wish that
:'is country should afford them its powerful
r) in the attainment of that desirable object.
Would, not, however, we fear, be very ser-
,lZceable, either to the cause of humanity, or to
the Greeks themselves, and it would certainly be
13rejudicial to the interests of this country, if
te result of the contest should be nothing more
attlau the annexation of Greece, as another pro-
iirlee;• to the vast empire of Russia. A curious
jact) p
u lainly indicative of the designs of Russia,
-Ll,.deserving of attention. ALEXANDER had esta-
rurlshett numerous schools in Greece, which Were
cuished with teachers expressly sent from Rus-
wal; All these teachers, now that the event
they were intended to accelerate (the () re-
; of the Greeks) has occurred, have been re-
caked l The diffusion of a.certzin quantum of
ri"iedge, the excitation of a spirit of lade-
ee"ence and freedom, to a certain pitch, was
It,ae,nl;e(l likely to be serviceable to the views of
sch:r„') in an earlier stage of her ambitious
obv."S3 and at a period when it was most
iat.l"sly her policy, with those views, to excite
(10,,,'"rnal war and distraction in the Turkish
Now, however, when "the first step
tat. succeeded, when the first effect has
sei7ll Place, when Russia is preparing to
upon her prey, and to transfer the
h,r-giatice of the Greeks from Turkey to herself,
conduct,apparently inconsistent,will be found,
tell the contrary, to be, however crafty and un-
laerercms, in perfect consistency with her views,
the Policy, her ambition, and with the end which
vela desirous to accomplish. It is this that ex.
441:1s the recal of the teachers' from Greece. The
e, diffusion of knowledge which was calcu-
-3,0„.eu to rouse the Greeks to shake off the Turkish
t,o,
li would render them unwilling to receive, and
of pghtened patiently to sustain, the yoke
1410 u!sia '• Nosy that they are ready to fall
the er leer dominion, the less the progress which
th,T_lnake. in. civilization, or the more rapid
better' eturn is- fo ignorance, they will be the
IR.utr'a,nd the more rapidly fitted for the pre-
Purposes of the Russian Cabinet.
Tit

114 st'e Privy Council, consisting of the highesht,
k.).°11,-„'",jearned, and most revered characters in the
ci 'tre, has solemnly decided that the QUEEN s
etr),„ , -
tht cuti to participate in the awful ceremony of
'lNlil'aironation is wholly unfounded in law, and
t
a pap-ms Wholly on the will of the KING ; ye
.1-011i4t:1:, of this day asserts that it is her " un-
;°, th— light." What terms then can be applied
tug to light."
and presumption of that paper,fthe
41Sevt - °PPOSe itself to the solemn decision o
C"ntr444 most unimpeachable tribunal in the
Qutr?: We are sorry for the. sake of the
of firer that the same paper speaks so confidently.
feelings .
tner.i„
and intentions, but we hope it is
As ;-7:,,1.0rri its own confidence and assumption.
itself the Opinion of that paper on the Coronation
tra (as may be seen among our daily ex-
to ets r
c:: ,from the London Journals this day) it is
:"-zieulous to need any other notice than the
it,mPt which it must raise in the minds of all
L"1 r
eaders who are not lost in faction and
rebellion.
A Correspendent recommends that the Corn-
tnitte •
la es in the several Cities, Towns, and Vil-
prges throughout the 'Kingdom, where subscrip-
ns are opened, for the celebration of his MA-
eatCSI'VS Coronation, should give half-a-crown
_° ch poor person in the place, who has any
recollection of the last, in the year 1761, and
must now have near
ly attained the age of seventy
0,1 Ile
QUEEN is said to have taken a house in
w.eat George-street, Westminster ; but whether
ith the intention of iiefo sleeping there, the nidit
_re the Coronation , or of corning to it, on the
clay of the ceremony, is not said. That street is
vi!thinall the harriers. Few of the houses in it
Will command a view of the Procession.
