religion. Religious prejudices enlist the strongest preju-
dices of the human mind, and when misdirected, excite
the worst passions of our nature, under the delusive pre-
text of doing God service. Nothing is so incessant in
its toils, so persevering in its determination, so appalling
in its course, or so dangerous in its consequences.
" If Congre:s shall declare the first day of the week
hole, it will not convince the Jew or Sabbatarian ; it will
dissatisfy both, and cons,.quently convert n,,itber. If a
solemn act of legislation shall in one point define the law
of God, or point out to the citizen one religious duty, i,
may with equal propriety define every part of revelation,
and enforce every religious obligation. Man's relation
with God is shove human legislation, and his rights of
conscience inalienable.

" Do not all men in this country enjoy every religious
right, which saints or martyrs ever asked? Whence,
then, this voice of complaint? Who is it, that in the full
erijoyotent ol" every principle that human laws can secure,
wishes to wrest a portion of those principles from his
neighbour ? Do the writioners allege that they cannot
renseientiou-ly participate in the mail contracts, and post-
offices, beciuse the mail is carried in Sunday? If this
lat their motive, then it is worldly gain, which stimulates
to action, and not virtue and relg,on. Do th..y emu
plain that men less conscientious in relation to the Sab-
bath, obtain advantages over them by receiving letters arid
attending to their contents? Still their motive is worldly
and selfish. But if their motive be to make Congress
sanction by law their religious opinions and observances,
then their efforts are to he resisted, as in their tendency
fa!al to both religions and political freedom.
Why have the petitioners confined their prayer to the
mails? Why have they not requested, that Government
be required to suspend ad its executive functions on
that day ? Why do they not require us to exact that our
ships shall not sail,—that our armies shall not march,—
that (Beers of justice shall not seize the suspected, or
guard the convicted ? It is the Government, ever active
in its functions, which eraibles us all, even the petitioners,
to worship in our churches in peace.
" If the Almighty had set apart the first day of the
week, as a time which man is bound to keep holy, and
devote exclusively to his worship, would it not be more
congenial to the prospects of Giristiaus to appeal exclu-
sively to the great Lawgiver of the Universe to aid them
in making men better, in correcting their practices, and
purifying their hearts? Government will protect them
in their efforts—when they shall have so instructed the
public mind, and awakened the consciences of individuals,
as to make them believe it is a violation of God's law, to
carry the mail, open post-offices, and receive letters, on
Sunday, the evil of which they complain will cease of
itself without any exertion of the strong arm of civil
power. When loafs undertakes to be Cod's avenger, be
becomes a demon."

We regret we have not space to insert this
report at length; the whole is well deserving
attention, and the arguments advanced apply
with singular force to the Bill about to be
brought under discussion by Sir A. AGNEw.

We have received letters from Mr. JEWELL
and Lord GREY of Groby, informing us that
the statement contained in the Hatton-Garden
police report of Monday last respecting the con-
tents of some letters from his Lordship to a Miss
RoGERs is erroneous, and that they contain no
allusion to any faux pas. The account was
copied from a Morning Paper.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)

PER TALPARLIAMENT

THIS DAY, MONDAY, APRIL 29.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

The SPRAKEL took the chair about ten minutes after
twelve o'clock. On our entering the gallery we found be-
tween one hundred and fifty and two hundred Members
in the House ; among whom we could only perceive Dr.
LUsHINOTON as connected with the Ministry.
Mr. YELVERTON mov.,d the third reading of the
Carmarthen Road Bill.—Read a third time and passed.
Mr. L. HODGES brought up the repot t of the Com-
mittee on the Gravesend and Mil•on Improvements Bill.
Bili and amendments read a second time, and ordered t
be engrossed. Upon the motion of the same Hon. Mem-
ber, the Whitchurch Road Bill was read a third time and
Passed. _ _

Mr. FINN prevented a peti,ioa from the Dublin and
London Stearn Al urine Company, praying to be heard
against the Dublin and the St. George's Steam Packet
Bills.—Referred to the Committee of said Bills.

Lord HENNIKER moved the third reading of the
Warkford Po.,r Bill.—Read a third rime and pAssed.
Mr. DAWSON brought up the Report of the Commit-
tee on the Leicester and Swannington Railway Bill.
Mr. W. BROUGHAM brought uo the Report of the
Committee on the South London M irket Bill, which
stated that the preamble of the Bill had been proved.
THE DRAMA.

Mr. BARING having presented three petitions from
various places in the county of Essex for the abolition of
slavery ; also a petition from the proprietors of Drury
Lane and Covent Garden Theatres against the Bill which
stood for a second reading respecting the regulation of
theatrical performances, introduced by an Hon. Member
(Mr. E. L. Bultver.) said, he knew hut little of the sub-
ject, but he thought it deserved the serious at-
tention of the House. The Bill professed to improve
the dramatic performances, but the petitioners denied that
it would have that effect, and that on the contrary, it
would let in great licentiousness and immorality. Whe-
ther that would be the case or not, of course he could
not tell, nor would he take up the time of the House by
discussion upon the subject. He would, however, say,
that the subject was one of great importance, and if any
thing that the House should do would have that effect, it
certainly would be fatal to the morals of the
country ;—it would be useless to open the churches
once a week if they were to open places of licentiousness
six days in the week. The House should be sure, when
they invaded private rights, that they were not doing the
injury that the petitioners stated they would do. The
question was, whether the petitioners had not patent
rights which had been pronounced by different Courts,
and by the most eminent lawyers, to be established.
Mr. E. L. BULWER said, with regard to the
patent rights of the two Theatres Royal, the Committee
had come to the resolution that they ought to be with-
held. If the Hon. Member (Mr. Baring) would examine
the Bill, be would find that there was a protection against
licentiousness by placing theatres under the surveillance of
the Censor and of the Lord Chamberlain. He would not
discuss the Bill at present as it stood for a second leading;
but he was sure it would receive the attention it deserved,
and be would he happy if the Hon. Member (Mr. Baring)
would give him the benefit of his experience upon it.
Sr S. WHALLEY was understood to support the pe-
tition and said that one of the objects of the Bili was to
check the present immorality now prevailing at theatres.
Mr. ROTCH hoped that the house would not agree
to any new measure without providing for some proper
police regulations.—(Hear )
Mr. BtsRING wished to be understood as pronouncing
no opinion upon the subi,ct, but merely to state that it

. -
the Bill would have the effect anticipated by the petition-
ers, it should not be allowed to pass.
Mr. E. L. BULWER made a few observations in ex-
planation, which were inaudible in the gallery.
Mr. fIENEAGE presented a petition from the city of
Lincoln, praying for the abolition of slavery.
Mr. E. L. BULWER supported the prayer of the
petition.
Mr. C. MARJORIBANKS presented petitions from

Cottingham and Greenlow, in Berwickshire, praying for
the total and immediate abolition of slavery. The Hon.
Member cordially supported the prayer of the petition.
Sir JOAN DALRYAIPLE presented a petition from
Dalkeith, praying for a revision of that corporation. The
Hon. Metnber also presented a petition from Newcalder,
in Edinhurghshire, praying for the emancipation of slavery.
A petition, signed by John Davis, was laid on the table
of the flou-e, complaining of the election for the borough
of Montgomery. The further consideration of which was

fixed for the 21st of May.
Mr. LYGON presented a petition from a parish in
Worcester for the abolition of slavery. The Hon. Mern-
her also presented a petition from A-tley, in Worcester,
for the better observance of the Sabbath ; also a petition
born the tnagistrates, clergy, and other inhabitants of
Worcester, for rho amen !mem of the Beer Bill.—Referred
to the Committee on the Beer Bill.

Mr. EWART presented a petition from the merchants,
traders, and shopkeepers of Liverpool, praying for the
repeal of the house and window taxes.
Mr. JOHN SMITH regretted that such a petition
should have b en presented, being perfectly satisfied that
the inhahitints of such a prosperous town as Liverpool
were perfectly competent to pay those taxes.
Mr EWART made a few observations, which were not
heard in the gallery.
The IloN MEMBER also presented a petition from the
Dissenters of ElKe Hill, Liverpool, for an alteration in
parochial registration, and a removal of the grievances
under which they laboured. Also similar petitions fro-7,
Byson-street and Lyme-street chapels, Liverpool. The
Hon. Member alas presented a petition from the medical
practitioners of Liverontil against the Apothecaries' Act.
Mr. BANNERNIAN supported the prayer of the peti•
tint, and was happy to hear that Ministers intended to
all,viato the eriev,ince of which the petitioners complained,
Mr FOULKES presented petitions from East Walthim
and ellX other places, against slavery.
Mr. J. SMI HI presented petitions from a serious body
of persons at Chipham, Buckinehamstiir,, for the better
observance of the Sabbath. The lion. Member present-
ed petitions from Oldney and Ame.sham. against slavery.
Mr. lIEATHCO fE presented a petition from Long
Sutton, in the county of Lir.coln, for the better observance
of the Sabbath, and from Kesteven, agamst any alteration
in the corn laws.

Mr. T. ATTWOOD observed that he was a moot sin-
cere friend (tithe agriculturalists, but, in his opinion, the
corn laws were productive of the most serious injury to
them. He had no hesitation in saying that during the last
seventeen years the whole productive power of England
had been diminished one-fifth, and that the agriculturalists
were in the Act of being plundered of t:,eir property
by a measure from which they derive no benefit. The '
corn laws had lured them on ,o destruction for the last
fifteen years, and had brought them into that situation,
that, upon his honour, be believed that there were not
half of the farmers of England solvent, in consequence of
being swindled and diddled out of their property. He
was sure that if such a state of things was continued, the
farmers would go on from had to worse, and that no corn
laws would ever do them any good, even if they should be
persevered in.--(Hear.)
An nom. MEMBER could not understand bow gentle-
men, conn,cted with the agricultural interest, could ex-
pect to retain the monopoly of the corn laws, and yet call
upon Ministers to reduce the tax upon male.—(Hear.)
Mr HEATHCOTE begged to observe, in rtpiy to the
Hon. Member for Birmingham, and which he wished
also to apply to the Hon. Member for Liverpool, that the
agricultural interest knew well enonA how to take care
of itself, without being taught by those Hon. Members
what to do.
Mr. COLQUHOUN presented petitions for the better
observance of the Sabbath, from the Vicar of Busby, from
Harford, StrathLoe, Kimsey, Colehill, and other places ;
for abolition of slavery, from several places in Dumbarton-
shire ; against the encouragement of distillation frotn the
Temperance Society of Kilburnie ; against the beer laws,
freera the Rev. John Foster ; front the weavers of Kirkin-
tulloch and Kemsey, proving for relief front their distress ;
and from Kirkintulloch, Cardruss, and other places, pray-
•ng for an alteration of the system of the Church of Scot-
land patronage.
Mr. SHAW presented petitions from the Bishop and
clergy of the diocese of Krllalu ; from the Archdeacon and
!.is clergy of the dioceses of Dublin, of Lismore, Kellalu,
and the inhabitants of Newport, against the Irish Clime!,
Reform Bill. Also petitions from Ralikeal, Carrisford,
Newport, Limerick, and a parish in C ak, fur the better
observance of the Sabbath, and one from Rathkeal against
slavery.
