the French Government. The September laws
.are still invoked to punish refractory Journalists. I
Thus on Saturday M. DE LOSTANGUES, the
managing editor of the Ro:,alist Quotidienne, was
arrested to undergo the sentence of the Royal
Court of Justice which dooms him to four months
imprisonment, for the insertion of an article tending
to excite hatred against the Government. We had
expected for the press very different treatment at the
hands of M. TRIERS and his colleagues. Weal
--miserably weak, is the confession of that Go-
vernment which admits that it could be injured by
the silly diatribes of the Quotidienne.
The murderer ELICABIDE is stated in the Paris
Journals to have been a man of exemplary charac-
ter up to the commission of the dreadful crimes for
which his life stands forfeited. He is only twenty-
eight years of age, and resided for the last two or
three years in Paris, where he supported himself by
teaching young children. Before coming to Paris
he had formed an illicit connexion with a young
widow, with whom he lived as her husband, and
who bore him the two children whom, with their
wretched! mother, he so barbarously murdered.
Unable to support herself and her children the
woman sent the elder, a little boy, to his father in
Paris. ELIC A BIDE met the boy at the place ap-
pointed, led him to a part of the city where he was
not known, and murdered him in the manner de-
scribed in our columns yesterthy. Hardly had the
poor wom an parted with the child when she
found that she could not live without it, and
accordingly wrote to the father that she would pro-
ceed with her other little one to Paris. He did all
he could to dissuade her from coming, but finding
her deiermin ed to come, he set out for Arriege, and
there murder ed her and her other child, as already
narrated in It is own words. It was not decided on
Saturday whether ELICABIDE would be tried at
Paris or at ..-Bordeaux, where he is now a prisoner.
He has confeosed everything.
Accounts front Monte Video announce that the French
Admiral Dupotct, who lately arrived at Buenos Ayres, was
negotiating in concert with the French and English
Charges d'Affaite3, to effect a definitive arrangement of the
differences betwn!en the two Governments. —Le Constitu-
tionnel.

We have received advices from Alexandria of
the 26th, from Contantinople of the 27th, and from
Smyrna of the 29th ult. In the Echo de l' Orient
we find the following important announcement,
which, notwithstanding the authority upon which it
is given, appears to us to require confirmation :
TAURIS, MARCH 29.—An important event has just hap-
pened. The Rs ssian Ambassador has officially announced
that the Czar's ti oops had entered Khiva, and that they
had liberated 15,000 Persians in slavery, who would soon
be restored to their homes. The great military movements
of the Shah are now explained. This Prince, who kept up
for a long time an active correspondence with the deposed
Sovereign of Caboul. had engaged to establish him in ail
his possessions as before British invasion, but it must be
admitted that the present period is unfavourable to the pro-
ject from the deplorable situation of the country, no taxes
being paid. The Russian Ambassador will soon go to
Ssiraz, to come back by the Kurdistan; the French Envoy
has stopped at Teheran; the French officers are
still at Tauris, very discontented, and it is expected
they will return to France. The Shah seems to avoid the
French Ambassador, and the reception the latter met with
at Teheran is such that 31. de Sercey has no great induce-
ment to remain in Persia.

Our latest Yalta intelligence is of the 3lst n 1
The substance of it will be found in our Cii
article.

The letters from Constantinople state, that Lord
PONSONBY has advised the Porte to make war
upon the Viceroy, and leave the consequences to
be settled by the Great Powers.
Prince Henry of Orange was presented to the Sultan
by Baron Testa, Ch*.rge d'Affaires of Holland, on the
25th ult., in the Imperial Palace of Tcheraghan. His
Hiehness received the Prince with the utmost affability.
The Echo de 1' Orient states that rumours were current
in Smyrna on the 23d, of the Eurkidi population being
disposed to risn against the Christians, but owing to the
precautions of the authorities public tranquiility had not
been disturbed.

The French squadron was lying at anchor in the bay of
Vourla.

The British frigate Castor and the steamer Rhadaman-
thus had received orders ou the 28th, at Smyrna, by the
Blazer steamer, from Malta, to sail immediately for the
latter port. The Archduke Frederic of Austria arrived in
the Guemere (Austrian frigate) at Smyrna on the 26th,
from Syra. On the same day Constantine Musurus, re-
sident Turkish Minister in Gmece, arrived from Samos,
on his way to his post.

The Madrid Papers are of the 10th inst., bu
they contain no news whatever.

QUEEN'S BENCH-(THIS DAY.)

(Sittings at Guildhall.)
THE QUEEN V. SCHOLEFIELD AND OTHERS.

_ .
The Court has been meiliiied the whole morning ssiti
this case, Wl:kit is itulitment for a conspiracy to de.
fraud.

Sir Wm. :Follett ;HA Mr. Kelly appeared for the prose•
cution, and Sr F. Pullock and Mr. Thesiger fur the de.
fondant.
The cage. riiiich appeared likely to occupy a consider.
able time, e.a s proceeding %hen we went to press.

C 0 M Yr.ON ( S D A Y.)

The Court sat yesterday and to-clay at Guildhall—Nis
Prius—bcfo.re the Lord Chief Justice.

The cases were of the most uninteresting nature, gene-
rally et merely dry legal disputes upon business contracts,
of which speci's the London cases are usually mainly
composed. _

The Court nes occupied this morning with a long case
of this nature, the whole matter in dispute being some 3.5/.,
and turning upon whether a certain green-houso was a
fizeure, and oucht to have been removed, or should have
been left by the. tenant. The wonder only being how the
parties could have found it worth while to incur the heavy
the fees of such Counsel as
Mr. Chilton.
expenses
Sergeantnses of a
Tt railaflo,uircdc

EXCHEQUER COURT-THIS DAY

(Sitting? at Guildhall )

BIERRIC% V. TEBBUTT.

Thi3 was an action to recover tho sym of 571 14g. 6d.,
being the amo ant of an undertaker's bat for conducting
the funeral exp sr.ses of defendant's wife. .

Formal proot.: caving been given of the execution of the
work done, and. ehe reasonableness of the charges,
Mr. Ambler, the brother of the deceased lady, was put
iota the box, ant 1, from his evidence, it appeared that his
sister had some property. which was settled upon herself
upon her raarria., ;e with the defendant; that he (witness)
went to reside w tth them, but Within a very short period,
a violent quarrel arose between ail the parties, which in-
duced him to leave the house. Some time afterwards he
was invited by thy defendant again to take up his residence
with his sister and himself. He did so • but disputes
again arose about the property, and Mr. Tebbutt left the
house. He wr s away for nine months, during which time
he (witness) and his sister remained in it. At the
expiration of that time the defendant served witness with
notice of ejectusent, after which he took his sister and all
the furniture in the house to his own house, where they
continued to reside. Mrs. Tebbutt fell sick, and upon the
defendant getting notice of it he went and demanded ac-
cess to her, which was accorded to him. He introduced
another medical re an, but the lady died. The witness said
the defendant ordcred the plaintiff to be sent for, and that
everything for the funeral should be of the best. His sister
made a will leavini r her property to her own family. The
defendant watt not aware of that fact when he gave the
order. He did not stop in witness's house after the death,
but called sometimes and gave orders respecting the fune-
ral. He attended the funeral, and walked to witness's
house from Islingt.on, although he had given orders for
three mourning co aches. Witness was not aware that de-
fendant had ever employed the plaintiff before or since.
Witness had employed him to conduct two other funerals.
Mary Wools, a s ervant, formerly in the employ of the
defendant, and who, left with Mrs. Tebbutt, and who was
now in the employment of Mr. Ambler, deposed to the
fact of the defendant giving orders respecting the funeral.
Mr. PLATT, for the defendant, contended that all the
histinu friendance
evidence in the case showed that the credit was given to
Mr. Amb'er, and not to him, And that it was merely a con-
tinuance
Merrick, rfri kai I,y
wfbeuoda!
haenhdatdhat
often hlr.
eArnkmplbolyeerd,natdo got
The Jury found for the plaintiff for the damages claimed.
