racy anti rebellion will be defeated. But if, con-
trary to my hopes, the last warnings are not listened
to,—if the bands of the revolted do not give up their
arms to the nearest military authority within `24
hours after they shall. be made acquainted with my
sovereign will, leaving the chiefs of all classes at my
disposal, that they may undergo the fate which I
may please to inflict upon them, and do not return
to their respective homes, with the obligation to
present themselves in the bailiages to be again im-
matriculated,—and lastly, if the changes made in
the administration and government of my people are
not annulled in the same space of time, the dispo-
sitions of my royal decree of the 10th of this month
shall be immediately carried into execution, and the
remembrance of the exemplary punishment which
awaits those who shall persist will be long perpe-
tuated.

" Given at the Archiepiscopal Palace of Tarra-
gona, the 28th of September, 1827.
"I, THE KING.
" The Secretary of State of Brace and Justice,
" FRANCESCO TADEO DE CALOMARDE."

The Count de Villa Real is expected here to ac-
company Don Miguel to Portugal. His Royal
Highness will occupy, till his departure, apartments
in the Royal Palace.

(From the Journal des Debars.)
CONSTANTINOPLE, SEPT. 17.—The Porte has re-
ceived the intelligence that the expedition from
'Egypt met the combined squadrons near Milo, and
obeyed the summons of Sir E. Codrington to with-
draw. It has gone to Macri. The sensation which
this intelligence has excited here is very great. No-
body doubted that the fleet would arrive at Navarino
before the day to which the Porte was limited. The
Sultan immediately sent fresh orders to the Darda-
nelles and to the forts on the Bosphorus, and a cir-
cular letter to the different Turkish commanders in the
Archipelago. The French Colonel Demery, in the
service of the Pacha of Egypt, who has been occu-
pied to this moment in exercising the troops here,
is to set out to-morrow for Alexandria, with secret
instructions. The Divan was assembled a long time
both yesterday and the day before. The prepara-
tions for the departure of the families of
the Ambassadors are suspended : it is inferred,
therefore, that the Porte has adopted a more
moderate tone, and an arrangement is still
expected. If the Egyptian expedition should
not succeed in escaping the vigilance of the Christian
squadrons,* and in arriving in the Morea, Ibrahim
Pacha will not be in a condition to continue the
war. It is even doubtful whether he can maintain
himself in the Morea. This reflection may lead the
Divan to consent to the armistice. It is, however,
preparing to send several columns of regular infantry.
into Livadia, with a park of artillery. A large quan-
tity of provisions have been sent to the Turkish for-
tresses in the Danube.

SEMLIN, SEPT. 23.—The convention of the 6th
July is now known in all the provinces of the Ot-
toman empire in Europe. The Turks call it a deed
after the fashion of Buonaparte, and request the
Divan to resist it to the last extremity. The Greeks
consider it obscure and insufficient. They assert,
that England and France have had no other object
in view than to prevent the Emperor Nicholas from
interposing with more energy by himself. As to
the rest, every thing is as tranquil in the provinces
as in the capital.
(From the lifoniteur.)
- •

The value of time is that of which parties know
least; and in this respect the wisdom of Govern-
ment obtains great advantages over them. The
oppositions, in their impatience, run blindfold into
all sorts of errors. Power waits with circumspec-
tion for the ripening of events. Nevertheless, the
experience of each ought to be settled, since the
spirit of restorations, which rules in the affairs of
Europe, has been manifested on all points in its
progress by a prudent march, which defies chance,
and which results have always justified.
Lately, what a lesson has been given to adventur-
ous newsmongers by the issue of affairs in Portugal!
If we listen to them, every thing was unforeseen,
given up tcr chance, and inconsistent. Tljey knew,
in a manner not to be doubted, that the Emperor
Don Pedro, disapproving of an arrangement which
was alone capable of reconciling interests of more
than one kind, had embarked on such a day—on
such an hour—on board of such a vessel, to sail for
Portugal, in spite of hii war with Buenos Ayres, to
resist the establishment of an order of ?things re-
solved upon by common agreement for the pacifica-
tion of that kingdom. Yet, in the mean time, a
vessel set sail from Rio Janeiro for Europe, bearing
the nomination by his Majesty Don Pedro, of his
brother Don Miguel as Regent of Portugal. Our
readers will do us the justice to allow that we have
constantly warned them against illusions so ill-
founded, and that our warnings have been conform-
able to the event. And in order to rectify their
opinion, we have no need of other guides than our
-confidence in the wisdom of the Cabinets, and the
experience so often renewed of the delusions and
miscalculations of opposition.
. _

It is thus that thne^publication alone of the Treaty
of Intervention of the three Powers, in favour of
the Greeks, left from the beginning no doubt upon
our minds, of the favourable result of a step of
which the Journalists only exaggerate the difficulties
because they pervert its character. To stop the ef-
fusion of blood in the East, to secure the respective
rights of parties, to free the sea from an audacious
system of piracy, to assure the relations of the corn-
merce of all nations with the Levant, and that with-
out altering the limits of States, or the conditions
of sovereignty, but only by substituting tribute for
the sword, and civil rights for slavery,--such has
been the object which Europe aimed at before the
face of the World, and such she will accomplish.—
In such an arrangement, there is no room for any
personal ambition ; an ambition altogether Christian,
altogether peaceful, animates the three Powers,
whore alliance of itself proves their disinterested-
ness; for ambition distnutes, for the accomplish-
ment of its secret designs, whilst generosity is con-
fiding, and looks out for support in projects which
it is not afraid to avow. And what guarantees of
success, in a treaty subscribed by the three Powers,
whose weight will always be decisive in the desti-
nies of the world;--a treaty so nobly conceived, so
long meditated, and which could present no other
diffieelties than the union of the three contracting
parties, whose'alliance will always be the solution
of them ; a treaty which offered to those whom it
protects the safety of which they had previously
despaired, and to those whom it .appears to menace,
an honourable pretext to put an end to a ruinous
and 'sanguinary struggle, and to retain by tribute
what they could not recover by the sword ! It is
not to be presumed that the Turkish Government is
a stranger to the general ideas which connect the
policy all of governments. The time is past when it
founded itp existence on the divisions of the Chris-
tian Powers. It now understands that it cannot be
consolidated, but under 'the shade even of the
liance.
For some days past, great importance has been
attached to incidents which do not in any essential
manner interrupt the progress of events, and which
may even hasten it. The passage of the Egyptian
fleet into Greece is explained by the dates, and by
the respect which the Powers observed towards
their solemn engagements. This fleet sailed from
Alexandria on the Ist of August, and entered on
the 9th of .September into Navarino. It Was then
at sea a month before' the exPiratiori of the term
fixed upon for receiving the answer of the Porte, or
for commencing the execution of the measures ren-
dered necessary by the rejection or acceptance of
the Ultimatum: It was On the Ist of September
that the AmbaSsadori of the three Powers were to
transmit to the respective Adrniiels of the combined
squadrons, the instructions which concerned them.;
and the previous departure of the Egyptian fleet did
The further news of the entrance of the Egyptian fleet
into Navarino, will have produced a sensible effect at Con-
stantinople,
dateom aotfi stths
eolfeiCteornssvitaeatiiinavepeleiussttillpflubatritsehreded.Lhevmos
of
stantinople, and must retard the arrangement with which
the French Editor::
athtethdei

not allow them the option of communicating to it
the foreseen arrangements till it had actually entered
the port where it now lies at anchor. The English
Admiral notified to it, as well as to the Commander
of the Turkish fleet, the measures specified in the
terms of the Treaty, as well as the armistice accepted
by the Greeks. There can be no doubt that means
will be found of making this announcement respect-
ed. Besides, it is tun from Egypt that Europe can
dread most obstacles to the prompt accomplishment
of its views for terminating a struggle which has
hitherto only cost sacrifices to the Government of
that country, and which left it one day no other re-
source than that of attempting its independence—an
attempt, perhaps, dangerous—in order to free itself
from a ruinous expedition.
. .

As to the levies ordered in Russia, they are ex-
plained even in the terms of the ukase which pre-
scribes them, after three years of interruption to the
regular recruiting. It is a melancholy habit im-
pressed upon public opinion, by the lies of the Re-
volution, that men endeavour to read in the acts of
Governments every thing besides what is written in
them. The respect which they have all,shown to
their engagements for the last 15 years, have relieved
a great number of upright minds from this mania.
Machiavelism has passed into. the opposition, and,
unfortunately for them, without any advantage; for
since the restoration of legitimate thrones, it has been
discovered, it has been felt, that there is a Machia-
velism even finer than the refinement of the combi-
nation of the Florentine,---that is, good faith. Good
faith watches on the height of thrones over the hap-
piness of nations; it invites, it deserves, the confi-
dence of all honest men.

Spain opens a vast career to restless spirits, to
adventurous speculators. Governments were com-
pelled to direct their attentions thither likewise ; but
means differ with places, institutions with manners,
and obstacles with characters. What has not been
written upon this beautiful, this unfortunate country,
which has not been verified by the events of which
it has not been the theatre ! or rather what is passing
there, which has not been foreseen and predicted by
the publicists and statesmen called to study and
examine it ! As there is a nature which resists all
the efforts of art, there are circumstances likewise
which defy the efforts of' political science. The
latter, however, ought not to be discouraged; it
ought to call to its aid time and experience.
Spain will become gradually, but slowly, con-
nected with Europe. The Pyrenees were levelled
under the feet of the son of Louis XIV., and
under the sword of one of his descendants they still
exist by influences which the climate appears still
to repel. Parties are not sufficiently fatigued with
their struggles, and the Government has not yet
tried sufficiently their respective forces, to knoWhow
to decide on their rights and their wrongs. The
struggle which is now going forward may advance
this experiment, and the wand thrown into the
midst of the lists by an august judge, may become
the caduceus to which the legitimate pretensions of
by paarirataiesframmay be attached.
tbese
events,
A twot any rate, hrattioenres
caonndsothliengchfaormr
eNevr;i:fhtuiltat‘itvre
which
hoi:e
ht one,rheen dsettrrh Royaltysost nigt oitssefumstachpleweeprat piyobsofl Netvihneoer;
great things under a given direction.
nationalvested; tchhearoatcht the
Europe wit-
nesses the interior movements without disquietude
for the issue, because she knows there are rescurces
in a legitimate Government and in an energetic
nation. And already France receives the flattering
reward of the fine conduct of her troops in that
kingdom, whose independence it was her duty, and
is still her duty, to secure—we mean the respect
which the most exalted parties show to her soldiers,
to her travellers, and to her name. The other party
were less fortunate, though likewise brave; but they
defended an unjust cause.

It is not necessary for us to point out how un-
likely it is, as has been said in the English journals
for some days, that Spain is preparing an expedition
for beyond seas, under her present circumstances.
South America is likewise in that state of restless-
ness, which follows the fall of an established order
of things, and which prepares a new one. Republics
rise from the bosom of -storms, and they are con-
demned long to live in them. Europe, for the last
15 years, has not failed to give to the new states
salutary warnings, and, what is more, examples. The
tranquillity of our mixed Monarchies must afford
them a spectacle worthy of envy. But the time of
profiting by these lessons and examples is not yet
arrived. It remains for them, meanwhile, to imitate
North America, which blesses the name of Louis
XVI., as they will venerate that of Charles X. Po-
licy must observe, only at a distance, these states,
and for the protection of commerce. French trade
gains every day new progress in those countries, and
it must rest assured that our Government has not
engaged it in doubtful relations, in a diplomatic point
of view.

If we direct our attention to the interior, we ob-
serve likewise symptoms of that unreflecting. spirit
which requires every day, every instant, news and
events, as if the prodigies always renewed, groduced
by peace, and which are displayed every day before our
eyes, were not a sufficiently fruitful source.of news.
We were congratulated some time ago; on having
uttered a truth,—namely, that nations' were united
as well as governments. Yes ! nations are united'
by the interests of that civilization which "removes
from between them all intellectual; commercial,' and
literary barriers. Governments are United by 'the
political interests of their respective countries, and
place their power and grandeur only. in the able-and
always useful, exchange of the means which they can
supply to assure to their people the advantages of
this civilization. Such are the two alliances well
.defined,—that which rules and protects, that which
enjoys and prospers. Danger and misfortune would
arise from confounding their respective`parts. Po-
licy watches over civilization, and governments exe-
nidn
us; to
and
exe-
cute the task and defend the rights which the name
imposes. They do not permit the change of power,
because it is their duty; being the source of all
when it
; but it is still the same
justice, the conservators of peace, the protectors of
general interests, they owe to society energy
is necessary; and nations will one day
.thank them,
jfuorsttichee.re,ks
Their
ro
fpruroitsspaerreitydefvoeriotph.
magnificence; but
encourages and which
exposition of the riches of our industry succeeds im-
mediately that of our fine arts; the Louvre is going
hand,tochai
thatige oi tfs
them iengal;ouut
bellows all that contributes to the brilliancy of his
'reign and the prosperity of his people,
Let us ven-
ture upon every undertaking under the shadOw of
his throne, for it secures us the duration of
peace,
and the maintenance of our institutions.

PARIS, OCT. B.—The last accounts from Algiers
state, that in spite of the approach of the bad sea-
son,, the blockade of that port continued to be
as strict as possible, Since the middle of August,
Commodore Collet had left the Provence, and re-
amed to the Amphitrite, a cut down ship of 60 guns
which sailed from 13rest about the end of July; and
his division, in which there were six other frigates,
had been enfOrced by several corvettes and avisos.
One of those frigates bad been detached to cruize
for some time off the Azores, in order to protect the
ships returning from Newfoundland; another i gone
to Alexandria to blockade the 41,gcrine frigate and
corvette which sailed from Algiers before war was
declared'.

On the 14th of September, the boats of the Cor-
nelia, Fa. rine, and Hecla, corvettes, destroyed on
the coast east of Algiers a vessel laden with corn,
after baying compelled it to run aground, and not-
withstanding a brisk fire of musketry from the
Moors, who endeavoured to get it afloat. Two
days afterwards, a decked boat, laden with salt,
coming from Tunis,was captured by the same boats,
which did not give the crew time to scuttle and sink
it ; and they brought it off under a brisk fire frnm the
Bedouins, who came down in great numbers to the
ci:amtshtret.soelp,:rowenovh,ealanivtutitigitl:laapffraayritrsiec,nusibiagyrnl embarked
idsisst kinagivaisiit
di
eodcnoi
01
iblinnoesaseT,f
the Know,
the King has been pleased to admit him to the num-
