ASCENT OF MR. GREEN AND MISS STOCKS

The following account is presented by the
intrepid Aeronauts themselves :—" In about six minut,
after we quitted the area of the Cloth Hall, we entered a
cloud, and instead of enjoying the rays of the sun as usual,
we had to encounter a heavy fall of snow from a volume
of clouds at a considerable elevation from those through
which we were seen to pass. The additional weight occa-
sioned by the snow lodging on the balloon, now caused us
to descend rapidly, and we were obliged to check it by a
discharge of ballast. Having again nearly attained our
former elevation,, we experienced a storm of hail, which,
rebounding from the balloon, carried off the snow, and
thus increased our ascending power. We now passed
three distinct layers of clouds, and were once more vi-
sited by the suns rays ; but having been compelled to
make a great sacrifice of ballast, and being desirous not to
extend our voyage beyond York, we began to descend through
the clouds, which we had no sooner penetrated, than we
were again assailed by a most tremendous storm of rain,
which hurled us towards the earth with gr at rapidity.
The last cloud we passed was so exceedingly dense and dark,
that the balloon itself was entirely obscured from our view
for at least four minutes, while the noise occasioned by the
storm resembled a shower of stones. Having regained a
view of the earth, and finding the country we were over
favourable for landing, we continued our descent, and
reached the earth in a fine grass field belonging to Mr.
Jonathan Featbv, in the parish of Askhani Itichard.---
Soon after our descent, several ladies, from the residence of
Russell, Esq., conducted Miss Stocks to that irentleman'e
mansion, where we experienced great h spitelity. The descent
took place five minutes before one o'clock, and was effect d
without the least difficulty, the grappling iron being on an
improved principle, and having taken so tenacious a hold of the
earth as to require the exertions of several men, with the use c r
a spade, to dislodge it. On leaving the earth, the barometer
stood at 30 inches 5 tenths, and at our greatest elevation it suL.-
sided to 23 inches 3 tenths, giving an altitude of about a mile
and three quarters."—(Leeds Independent.)

se
raepgpi Bes ateyrrse adp t
al
laryaceatcbtoculreadrmitonnpgiomlaysyia.t..idio
nniFepsotrrooftophr:
alsPtoe tithes
prhsaroii
ssui I4hes tor2he,relwa.an lut
~u(.
n9i n Commons,e.f.r; com-
positiontnhi
and
Composition Act) have been made in 417 parAies, and
ctoleirniccaulmapbpenrotsp,6lll,r2B,4oll2.67,4d6x4nsak4ird,. wiTthhesogmreealttyt,nnuenrntsbetor
of compositions have been effected in the diocese of Killaloe
and Killenora (63) Ferns and Leighlin (55) and Limerick (45).
The highest average of the parishes is in the arch-diocese of Ar-
magh, where the amount of composition for 6 parishes, is 3,655/.
or five hundred and nine pounds each. The largest sums
paid to incumbents under the compositions, are Lismore
and Illacollop (an union we presume), 1,7001. a year (dio-
cese of Waterford and Limerick ; Killabin (Leighlin), 1,4001,
a year; Temple S!iano (Ferns), 1.11001.; Ballymoney (Dowr.
and Connor), 1,1001.; Comer (Oss 1,0501. Th 2. e is
no other parish where so much as 1,0001. a year is paid to the
incumbent under the composition, but more titan one parish
is often held by the same person, either as an union or other.
wise ; and, in some parishes—those of Armagh and other
northern diocese especially—the glebes are of considerable ex-
tent and value.

EQUITABLE LOAN BILL COMMITTEE.- h
parties interested in the above Bill, assembled at twelve'o'clock,
yesterday, in the Painted Chamber, at the back of the House
of Lords, soon after which Lord Dacre was called to
the chair. Besides the Noble Chairman there were present, the
Duke of Athol, the Earls of Lauderdale, and Pomfret, Viscount
Torrington and Lord Suffield. As the witnesses had not
been sworn, the Bill, not having been referred till last night
to the Committee, nor any petition for the present hearing,
their .Lordships, at one o'clock, adjourned the Committee to
Friday next (to-morrow.)

INCREASE OF VY EALTIL—III the year 17g6
05 ,
, atitie
number of fonr.wheeled carriages was 1,2,4
the present time they are 26,799, besides two-
wheeled carriages, now 45,856. At the former
period, the number of coach.makers in London
was 36, who employed about 4,000 men, work-
ing at the different branches of the trade; there,
are now 135 coachmakers, employing 14,000
workmen.

BOW-STREET, Tills DAY.--!More Horse-s'ealing.
The following informations were given this day of the robbery
of horses :—A dark brown horse and :a grey poney, from pli.
premises of Mr. Brown, of Warwick, and a dark bay mare and
a black gelding, from the premises of Mr. Rogers, of Bur..
combe, Wilton, Wiltshire.

AWFUL INSTANCE OF SUDDEN w
days ago an elderly man, whose appearance bespoke past
respectability, entered a low lodging-house in Maynard_
street, St. Giles's, and applied to the landlady, a Mrs.
Crawley, for a lodging, stating that he had been brought
up as a Gentleman, but being reduced, was obliged to
live moderately, and on being requested to give a refer-
ence, he referred her, to his late landlord, who, he said, had
turned him and his wife into the street in consequence of owing
hint a week's lo fling. The poor old cout le were excessively griev-
ed, and while the poor man was relating his story of distress,
the recollection of the insult caused violent pxision, and whilst
offering a bitter curse on the head of a landlord yesterday
morning, in the presence of his wife and Mr. Crawley, he was
seized with trembling, and instantly fell down and expired.--
Information was sent to Mr. Stirling, the Coroner, to hold an
Inquest.
DISTItEBSING ACCIDENT.—Whit' the Ben Nevis
steam-packet was passing through Corran Ferry,. near Fort
William, this day se'nnight, an intere.stirg youth, who was re-
turning from his education in Glasgow, in company with
his father and brother, took the ship's perspective-glass
to enjoy the earliest view of his native place, and his
father had just turned round, after pointing out the windows of
his home glittering in the sun, when the boy, in his ardour,
pressing against the gunwale, it gave way, and he was precipi-
tated into the water. Dr. M'lntyre, of Fort William, one of
the passengers, with the utmost promptnessand intrepidity leapt
in after him, but his humanity was unavailing ; the body had
disappeared, and he was seen no more.—f Inverness Journal,
June 10.)

G. i;alloway, a poor labourer, residing its
George-street, Lisson-grove, who has been in a desponding
state for some time, attempted to poison himself last. Satur-
day evening by swallowing half an ounce of oxalic acid
(commonly called acid of sugar). The violent effects of the
poison seem to have taken place about ten minutes after it had
been swallowed. Mr. Anderson, surgeon, Lissen.grove, saw
him about three quarters of an hour from the time he became ill.
He was at this time quite senseless, and almost dead, As vomiting
could not be produced by emetics, large quantities of common
whitening in water were given, which succeeded in decompos-
ing the acid. Ile took afterwards castor oilj beat up with eggs.
Free bleeding was used to keep off inflatumdeon of the bowels.
He has now recovered completely from the poison. •

WILLI INal PROBERT.—ThiS man was visited
by his wife and sister yesterday, when a scene
of the most agonizing nature took place; they
were with difficulty separated, having been
formed that they should again meet. This day
Prohert and his fellow sufferers were attended
by Dr. COTTON and Mr. BARER, and appeared
resigned to their awful doom. Probert seemed
to be the most affected.

LONDON JOURNALS.

. 7.* • .. DAILY
„„Xxinictsfro- n*ltthe :411drnzng Pap ers , June 15, 18?-5.

[NEW- Times.]
In the present lamentable scarcity of subjects
' ,for, complaint, When the whole nation is unfortu-
nately in a state of perfect complacency and good
PA humour, it becinnes necessary to travel' a great
• - '
....,way..for matter of discontent. It is probably for
this reason that a Cotemporary has pitched upon
-':the• Burmese War as a promising topic of abuse.
• .This contest, he says, was " unprovoked, aggres-
sive, unjust, ill-combined, and unsuccessful."—
, „Our operations have been attended with " utter
.disgrace ;" they have created, " an anxiety and
• alarm among the more intelligent portion of
. our countrythen in India ;". and, in other times,
•they would have produced " an immediate Par-
• liamentary Friquiry.".—lf Parliamentary Inquiry
is all that our Cotemporary wants, the indefatig-
able Mr. Joseph Hume will furnish that. He
has already called for Papers, and they have been
laid, or soon will be laid, on the table. Of
course they will state the real facts of the case;
bat it is much more convenient to declaim on cir-
Cum Stances which exist. only in imagination than
•to be bound down to the truth : and, besides,
there is something peculiarly candid in passing
condemnation before any evidence is produced:
As to-the alarm in India, we have no doubt, that
the Gentlemen, most subject to trepidation there,
are " the more intelligent portion of our country-
men ;"- all we can say, is, that military men of
the first experience in that country are so far
from desponding, that they confidently anticipate
a speedy submission on the part of the enemy.
But the war was unprovoked ! Surely the writer
must be pigeon livered, and lack gall
To make oppression bitter.
What sort-of provocation would he have wished
our Indian Governinent -to put up with? His
Burmese Majesty was pleased to treat us with
some very insolent correspondence. He thought
fit to seize our elephant hunters on our own ter-
ritory ; he shot our subjects for refusing to sub-
mit to an illegal imposition on the Naaf River,
which is the common boundary., of equal pro-
perty to both States, and lastly, he, by force of
arms, in-a time of full peace, captured a British
island, occupied by a British guard. This to
he sure was no provocation ! It was very " ag-
gressive" in us to resist it: and our conduct
in so doilig was" highly unjust." There is
a trifling inconsistency in charging the Cal-
cutta Government with aggression, when,
at the sane time, it is admitted, that they con-
teMplated the probality of a war a twelvemonth
before it broke out. If they had resolved to
attack the poor innocent, inoffensive, Uurmans,
-why wait a twelvemonth in apprehension of being
attacked themselves ? The fact is, that the bar-
. barouslAespot who rules over this barbarous peo-
ple, had, for a twelvemonth before our declara-
tion of war, committed acts of the most de-
V?rmined hostility ! arid we met those acts
at first with nothing but remonstrances, and
demands of reparation. These demands the
•, barbarian treated with contempt. We are
reminded that the Native Powers all over
Lndia require but an occasion .to rebel
against our authority ; and yet it is intimated
that we should have tamely submitted to
all these insults from the Sovereign of Aval
Our empire in India rests on the opinion of otir
power: and the conduct nscommeridcd by the
sapient writer in question would have blasted
that opinion for ever. The war, then, was in-
evitable. It was declared by the Governor-
General on the sth of March, 182,4. And here
begins a new chapter of grievances—it was " ill-
combined !" Now really we must beg to doubt
whether the Gentleman who pitched, on this.
unlucky expletive, has any more knowledge of
military combination than a porpoise has of .a
country dance.. He seems to have a !lotion that
there could have been but one object from the
beginning, namely, " pushing 'on •the. Burmese
capital ; and • that from various points at once.
Ndvi the best answer to this will be a short history ,
of the warfare that has.actually been carried
on: The llnrman- empire extends from the 9th:
tO; the 27th or 28th degree: Of. North latitude.
timmerapoora, the capital,- is an inland city in
about latitude 2'2; We might.; no doubt, have
set out at, first from Chittagong to penetrate due
Eastward to Lriniperapoora,,or we might. have
Marched South Eastward on the same point from
bat in, the first place,, our critiCAOls us
that the 'country through which; we -. should
have' had to moves in either-of these'• cases,. was
‘fvfltolly. unknown -to .the 'CoMpany's .Govern-'
men.t,except as...one which it`-would.-be madness
tolgviide- without'the most 'ficcurate'ond detailed
in'f'oitiatiori. --Alt adinirtible reason truly for coin-
plaininr,o• that such an invasion. was.not attempted
in'the first ipstanee ! In point of fact, we'stood on
the gefeilsive, both on the Silhet and Chitta-
gong4rootiers ; and while- some of " the more
intelligent portion: of ..our countrymen in India"
*7oe'tOpililing witli.fear of seeing " the Golden
Presence" himself take. tip-..hia head-quarters in
Calcutta,' we•-effectually guarded', agkinst • that
- • •
(5-,Viz ; p carne time, dlspaiched
.an
ow edition to.hsrass the enemy in the. most Nul-
nefable points---his sea-ports, and:'statioiiS on the
coast It"dicl not appear
,absolutely 'necessary
in•theuutset'af the war,: that Ave should " posh
on to,the Burmese -capital." Conquest 'was not
atr'''obje'dt.77l7:itengion of
.territory was by no'
rkins,,particularly deSirable- to us. It was
hoped, that,. despot as he was, -the Burman
on 'ch rni"glif
.h0.17e". been' i nl.l , by.thepres-
Sti:e-..,on,:hivcorninerce and.,maritime .resources;
to-stshMit to,:riasonable • terms of peace. 'NYith
•.
hraTe„actlve, and enterprising of4er
-was sent.: with 'an -expedition. against it.angoOn,
tlie:priniPill port of the empire, at' the mouth of
flO`w from the capital.---
13,Aprori. ip`abot4 lat, 17. aniLwe not, say.
VoTw efifrCtUally S;i.. Archibaldcariipheel
ha ;t whichenjoined him.
to skiliAl But t ,psn9t all.
ffsiti'dlieff far-deS up-and dawit'the, coast, f;.9 m,
tCCIViorgRi,
4t,4, e b4;:(bOe ineans;ohiainql, Ro.saession
(gficArg Va Tenis-;
771 J* I Al- •
••, :

serim, Yea, Timor, and Mergui, and, in short, of
every station of the least importance. It was,
undoubtedly, hoped, that peace might have been
obtained without the necessity of a long, laborious,
and expensive, campaign in the interior; nor is
that hope even yet abandoned ; but since barba-
rians and despots are hard to be taught, and since
the Burman Monarch has not yet learnt the ne-
cessity of submission, a combined operation is
now distinctly undertaken. Gen. Morrison, with
the Chittagong army, has crossed the Naaf, and
entered Arracan, with the intention of advancing
to Prome on the Irrawaddy, about 160 miles
above Rangoon. Here he will he joined by Sir
Arad. Campbell, and the two armies united may
ascend the course of the river to Ummerapoora.—
t the same time an important diversion isoperat-
ho. in the North. Brig.-General Shuldham has
-advanced from Silhet, ascending the Soorma
river, from the head of which he will descend the
Imphan to Munnipoor. The enemy have not
ventured to stand before him at a single point,
and in their flight they have been cut up by the
Naghas, the Jauns, Ungphins, and other inde-
pendent tribes, who are glad to take vengeance
on them for former oppressions. Munnipoor may
he considered a sort of secondary capital of the
• Burman Empire ; and the " Golden Presence"
must be sadly distracted between his fears for
that City in the North ; Arracan, on the West ;
and Rangoon, on the South. Possibly his plans
for their protection may be, at least, " as ill
combined" as those of the Calcutta Govern-
ment are for their attack. To say, that all
these measures have inflicted no " mischief or co-
ercion on the Burmans," is to deny that the Sun
shinesat mid day ; and is about on a par with the
assertion, that out of 10 or 12,000 men, Sir
Archibald Campbell could muster only 1300.
The two columns which attacked the stockade,
at Kokien, amounted, indeed, exactly to that
number; but it would. be .rather absurd to
suppose, that he had left no force to hold Ran-
goon—that he had .no- detachments on. any
other point, and no reserve. True, it is, that
the neighbourhood of, Rangoon, abounding with
large streams of water, and inmmense jungles,
is, as all such countries tare in hot climates,
very insalubrious : and accordingly our brave
fellows have suffered much more from disease
than from the enemy. This is an evil not wholly
to be avoided in war; but the greatest possible
care has been taken of their health, and we learn,
that the difficulties with which they first had to
struggle are beginning to yield to experience, and
.to the means of supply which have been wisely
adopted. Some nonsense is talked in the article
Which we have been criticising about Runjeet
Sing,his French and Russian officers,numerous ar-
tillery, horse and foot, organised on the most ap-
proved European system. This, to use a trivial
epresion,-is all fudge. The simple fact is, that the
Sikhs and Afghans are quarrelling, and that our
Government has nothing to do with the dispute,
nor any thing to apprehend from it, let it end
which way it will.

[THE-TIKES.] •
In the present early..stage of the proceed-
ings in the
.[lodse •of Commons in the case of
•Mr. 'Kendrick, the Surrey ~Magistrate and
Welsh Judge, we can only express our satis-
faction that the matter is taken up ; and we hope
that prompt justice, whether the issue be ac-
quittal or conviction, will be done on the occa-
sion. Tie cl'arges against this gentleman, in the
functions of his office as a magistrate, 'are very
serious : and one who does not show sufficient
temper or impartiality in that humbler station,
can hardly be fit to occupy the more eminent
rank of a Judge. Should the matter rernahi un
decided for any time, we think ta:, would do well,
as several names generally stand in the Commis-
sion'tif I.3size, to transfer ad interim his duties to
sorne'othi;r to wyer. The proceeding at. Dover
would of itself, unless rescinded, be sufficient to
prevent- his appearance on:th'e bench.

[BRITISH PR ESS.] -
fn the Paris Papers of Monday. we. find no
articles of domestic intelligence.. The opposition
journals, in the absence of other topics of com-
plaint, find much fault with the arrangements Of
the police, for the preservation of the publiC.
order and safety during the late rejoiciugs
in the capital on account of the. Coronation.
Sev.eral persons, it appears, have been killed,
and some are in custody for contributing by
their negligence to this melancholy result.---
The news from Greece continues .to be of the
most satisfactOry nature. The campaign is cer-
tainly over. The Turks have been. defeated iu
every attempt to penetrate into the Morea,
',Nadia; and. Ibrahim Pacha is in extreme:peril.
Tbn report is confirmed that Odysseus had Sur-7
rendered himself to the Greek Government:
From Cadiz we learn that intelligence had been
received there from Peru, announcing that
Olaneta had agreed to an armistice for four
months, preparatory, it was believed, to his ca-
pitulation. Thus are the...last hopes of Ferdi.
mind extinguished.

[THE PUBLIC •LEDG.ER.]
•The situation of Spain is a just judgment upon
the Conservators of the peace of Europe, for lia.v=
in 7 robbed the Spanish nation of the just reward
of its noble resistance to the plan. of,universal do..
minion pursued by Buonaparte. Ilatlthe Spani.
ards imitated the pusillaniniity of the other:Con-
thiental nations, the Emperors. and Kings who as-
sembled two years since at Verona to pronatince
upon their fate,.would not have been able to secure
their own; but would have been the vassals,or.pri-
soners, of an insolent soldier of fortune. For this
.ine Stirliable service :they have wade .a -pretty re-
turn; and the Spaniards for fighting their battles;l
and in tact re.esiablishinig the. independence of
their thrones,. h.ave been reduced ho the most,
abject- slavery ; whilst Ferdinand, who, did all-
he • could. to perpetuate- their bondage, -has
been -the sole object of their care.. There is
P9l- in -all history -.,an instance or ing rn ti te:
Similar to
that which tine Spanish nation has
experienced ;
and we wholly misunderstaittl.the
-moral order of The world, if_ the penalty. will not.
be', commensurate with -the offence.. Of 'all the,
,Monarchs who 114ve- been restored

of that people, not one of them expressed the
slightest sympathy in their behalf, when they
were threatened with the greatest of calamities,
that of being subjected to the wayward will and
vindictive disposition of an incorrigible despot,
One sovereign alone interested himself in their
behalf ; and be was their benefactor and not
their debtor. He strongly felt both the injustice
and indignity of the treatment with which they
were menaced ; and had his Ministers been ca-
pable of imitating his magnanimity, the French
army would have as soon thought of la-tiding in
any port of the British dominions, as of crossing
the I3idassoa. The view he took of the subject
was as remarkable for its wisdom as its generosity ;
as the Powers that thought proper at the time to
disregard it, will soon learn to their cost. What
have we said ? Is not the lesson operating al-
ready ? and is not the European system threatened
with much greater danger at the present moment,
that it was before the invasion of Spain ? That
country absolutely teems with revolutionary
matter ; and should their want of pay alienate
the minds of the troops from the present Govern-
ment, a convulsion would take place, compared
to which the last was like the explosion of a
cracker.

I MORNING HERALD.i
The ink was scarcely dry with which we
passed judgment on Mr. O'Connell's toasts, and
their accompanying comments; at the Blanchard's
Town Dinner, Chen_ we are met by another
lengthy harangue from the same Learned
Gentleman, at the Catholic Aggregate Meet-
ing on Wednesday se'nnight. The senti-
ment of " save us from our friends," seems
particularly applicable to this Gentleman's
oratory ; for we know of nothing that could
more essentially serve the Catholic Cause, than
that a year or two's silence should he imposed
upon him And one or two more of tile 'Dub-
lin debaters. The speech which we have -at
present to deal with, is as remarkable for what
it omits as what it contains. Mr. Lawless
(who seems, as far as we can judge of him,
well entitled to the character of honest Jack Law,
less) proposed at this Meeting to grapple with
the wings, as they were called, which it was pro-
posed to attach to the late Catholic Relief Bill ;
and though these were the most obvious topics
of debate, and though many persons were anxious
to second Mr. Lawless's proposition, the de-
magogue influence prevailed, and Mr. Law-
less's proposed disavowal of the disfranchising and
pay wings, was not only not allowed to he put,
but Mr. O'Connell scrupulously abstained from
saying one word upon the subject. - Now to us,
were we of the lower class of Catholics, this si-
lence would speak volumes. Mr. O'Connell and
his associates were ready enough to make the Ca-
tholic Clergy pensioners of the State—they were
ready enough to 'sacrifice the elective franchise
of four-fifths of their countrythen, as long as
these means were likely to be the stepping stones
to their own ambition ; but now that they
have failed to • answer that purpose, not .a word
is -to be allowed to - be said either- in defence
or reprobation -of them. We repeat, that
such silence speaks volumes, and ought at
least to cure the Catholic population of Ire-
land of too overweening a confidence in :such
leaders. It would be in vain to attempt to fol-
low Mr. O'Connell through one half of this
speech.
