THE :ROYAL NAVY,.&c,,

PORTSMOUTH, FEB. 7.—On Tuesday arrived at the Mo.
therbank, his Majesty's ship Medina, Capt. P. D. H. Hay,
from the Mediterranean, having completed her period of three
years on that station. - She sailed from Malta on the 21st of
December, in company with -a squadron under the orders
.
of Captain G. W. Hamilton, C.B. of the Cambrian, which
consisted of besides that ship, the Euryalusa 42, Captain lion.
A. W. J. Clifford; C. 8.; Medina, 20, Capt. Hay Martin, 20,
Capt, H. Eden ; Rose, 20, Capt. Clowes; and the Dispatch,
18, Captain E. H. Scott, which were destined to blockade the
port of Tunis, in the event of the Bey refusing to comply
with certain requisitions,' which were principally the immediate
release of several persons, who, while under the protection of
the British flag, had been forcibly seizedby a Tunisian corsair,
and thrown into slavery; and, that the Bey should sign a treaty
to secure the British flag from such insulting aggression in fu-
ture. ,With the first, the B readily complied; but, it was
not until after some delay, and orders had been given to the
British Consul to strike his flag, and prepare for immediate
embarkation, that he acceded to the second part of the demand.
The remembrance of the disastrous fate of Algiers, was, it was
believed by the squadron, too strongly impressed on the Bey's
memory, to suffer him to try whether England would carry her
threats into execution on the present occasion. The service
being performed, the ships of the squadron dispersed to their
respective stations, viz. the Cambrian and ..Dispatch to Corfu,
Euryalus and Rose to a
-nlYrna, the Martin to •Malta. The
other part of the Mediterranean squadron was disposed of in
the following manner :--the -Rochefort,
,in hourly expectation
of being relieved by the Revenge; Sybille, anti Alacrity, at
Malta, about to sail for the 'lonian Islands; the Chanticleer
going from Malta to Tripoli; the Hind at Smyrna; and Col-
umbine at Corfu. The Naiad and.Camelion had gone up the
Mediterranean, from Gibraltar. The Medina towed into
Gibraltar the wreck of the Danish. brig Diana, of 118 tons, and
laden with fruit and wine. • The corpse of a young man was
found below ; the, other part of the crew (seven in number),
were supposed to be washed overboard. The Medina came into
harbour to-day to be paid off, all standing.
We learn by letters trom port Royal (Jamaica), dated De-
cember 21, that Commodore Sir Edward Owen was waiting the
return to port of the Gloucester 74 Captain Rich. The Ar-
gus, Captain Dundas, had arrived from Bermuda.; the Bel-
lette, Captain Leith, from Vera Cruz, with 210,000 dollars ;
the Pyramus and Helican from cruises. The Thetis, Sir John
Philimore, had been spoke, bound to Vera Cruz, with the. Co-
mmissioners and Consuls for that place and Acapulco. Lately
died, Lieut. R. E. Cotton, 4th Pont, Aid-de-Camp to Sir John
Ceene; of apoplexy, Captain Peat, of the ship Marshal Wel-
lington (formerly of the Hibberts); and at Barbadoes, the
lion. John Beckles, his Majerty's Attorney-General at that
Island.
The Hon. Company's. ships :Mcqueen and Athol have suc-
ceeded•in getting out of the Channel ; but the Castle Huntley,
for Bombay and China, and all the outward-bound merchant-
men have put back, and remain with contrary winds.
PLTHOTJTU, FES. s—The Active, 46, Captain A. King,
was paid wages yesterday, and went down to the Sound, in
company with the Bulwark, 76, Capt. Dundas, for Portsmouth,
Arrived, Partridge tender, Lieut. Gosling, from a cruise off
Scilly. Sailed, providence tender, Lieut. Nicholls, for Ports:.
mouths Arrived, Vigilant, cutter, from Ireland. In Hamoaze
Britannia, Ocean, Genoa, Primrose,' Shamrock, Hasty, Rey-
nerd ; and Shamrock and Sprightly revenues.

The visitants and well-wishers of Margate,
will be gratified in knowing that the New Jetty is in a
state of great forwardness : the platform is fifteen feet wide,
and the whole intended length will be nine hundred feet;
of this six hundred at least is now piled, and upwards of
150 feet planked • there is no doubt of its being finished
by the first of june. The importance of this improvement
will probably exceed common calculation. Passengers will be
enabled to embark and disembark at 3largate (from steam
vessels, stepping from the vessel on the platform, or from it on
the vessel) at low water. Added to which there will be an
iron railway on the platform, and a truck to take off anchors
and cables, with the greatest possible facility : an object of no
small consequence to the shipping interest ; and highly in-
teresting to humanity. There is every reason to believe
also, that the construction of this work has been very
influential in inducing his Majesty's Government to direct, that
the station for the Ostend steam packet boats shall be esta-
blished at Margate. It is reported that measures will be taken
forthwith to carry out a Chain Suspension Pier from Deal beach,
similar to the one at Brighton. A temporary floating break-
water projecting from the shore about half a cable's length, is
laid down opposite Deal Castle, with a small flag on the outer
end.--(Kentish Gazette, Feb. 6.)

SILK`'EA.TERS.—(FINAL ADJUSTMENT.)—An-
other meeting of the Silk Weavers, pursuant to
their adjournment, took place on Saturday even-
ing, at which great numbers attended. Mr.
Baker, the Secretary, and one of a Deputation,
made a Report to the Meeting as to a further
negociation they had had with a Mr. Spiers,
relative to the prices and regulations of some of
their work. The meeting adopted the Resolutions
recommended in the Report. After which a vote
of thanks to the Public Press was moved and
carried with great applause. The meeting was
then adjourned for a fortnight, when the expellees
of their present proceedings will be brought be-
fore them.

COURT OF KING'S BENCH.—(Tuis DAy.)

CRIMINAL INFOMATION.

Mr. FRENCH applied for a criminal informa-
tion against the County Clerk for Middlesex, on
an affidavit setting forth that the-deponent, James
Hull, had been summoned to the County Court
in Kingsgate-street, where cognizance was taken
of a debt against him above the amount of forty
shillings. That the Clerk of the County or his
duputy prevented him or witnesses from enter-
ing into any defence, stopping them the instant
they opened their months ; and that an execution
was issued on this plaint, in which the costs
charged were Bs. 10d., being 2s. -more than au-
thorised by the 23d of George 11.
The Loan CHIEF JUSTICE granted a Rule to
skew cause.

Mr. SCARLETT wished to make some observa-
tions exculpatory of the County Clerk,,but was
stopped by •the LORD CHIEF JUSTICE, who told
him that at present it would be irregular, and
that it could.not be heard. •
