READING SAUC

JCOCKS and SONSI,Ihe Proprietors of
• the celebrated REAff^: 'SAUCE, beg most
respectfully to caution thelies, and the
- Public, against the daily frauds, atiii.tMpositions practised
by many London and Coinatiy tairnen, whO are offering
for sale their own spUrious composititms as Reading Sauce.
None are genuine lout those which have the corks sealed
with the impression, "J. Cocks, Reading." And also,
these words, on orange coloured label., "Reading Sauce,
for Fish, enriching Gravies; prepared and sold, whole.
sale and retail, by J. Cocks, ReiAtfing."
It is presumed that no Sauce 'eier Met with such ger*•
sal approbation and extensive sale. It is patronised and
recommended by most families in the kingdom, and re.
Wird in London by 260 of the most respectable Oilmen
and Fiala ' Sauce Venders ; also by one or more iri every
City, Market-town, and Watering-place in the kingdom;
most of whom sell • -
.1. COCKS and SONS' GENUINE and SUPERIOR
ESSENCE OF ANCHOVIES,

Made with prime Gorg •na F,314, rich as possible.
Ti e above S aces are particularly recommended to Sea_
faring Gentlemen, a• they are warranted to retain their
superior qualitiel:twenty years in any climate.

BALSAMIC PILLS, a certain Cure for
Gonorrhea, Gltets, and other Diseases of the
Urinary Pillows. These Pills hiving been tmployed in
upwards of 1,800 cases in private practice within three
years prior to being advertised, and in many thousand
eases since, and in no one -instance known to fail, are
strongly recommended as the only safe and efficacious re-
,medy in pr, sent use in all stages of those disorders, and
entirely obviating the necessity of having recourse to those
disgusting, nauseous, and in many cases highly injurious
medicines, as Cubebs and Capivi ; the dangerous results
of the latter in the inflammatory stages are too well known
to need any comment.

Prepared only at No. 115, Holborn-hill ; and sold
Wholesale by Edwards, 67. St. Paul's Church-yard ;
Messrs. Barclay and Sons, 95, Far. ingdon-street ; Butler,
.4, Cheapside ; Sutton and Co., 10, Bow Church-yard ;
and Retail by Stradling, Gate of the Royal Exchange ;
Sanger, 150, Oxford-street ; Norton and Lowe, 47,
Blackfriars-road ; and by all respectable Patent Medicine-
venders in Town and Country, at 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d., and
Bs. 6d. each Box. Druggists and Patent Medic ne Venders
in the country can be supplied through the medium of their
agents in town.

N.B. Be particular to Ethic. for Wray's Balsamic Pills,
prepared only by M. 0. Wray, Chemist and Druggist,
118. Holborn hill.

" Non est vivere sed valere vita."—Martial.
" Life is only life when blest with health."
THE finest System of Ethics is to confine
within due bounds, and thus to regulate the Pa,
sions ; unrestrained, and insubordinate, they impetuously
destroy those barriers which Religion and Morality have
made sacred ; to curb hut not annihilate them, appears the
'mon of prudence, best calculated to limit their efferves-
cence.

Every disorganization of the human frame requires
great medical knowledge to remedy, and the public wel-
fare is promoted when professional men (disregarding the
suggestions of the envious and interested) devote their
studies to the treatment of those complaints generated by
imprudence, and the ebullition of the passions at an un-
guarded moment. " The strength of a nation consists in
the health of the people ;" but, it is melancholy to reflect
on the daily sacrifice to the ignorance of unfeeling empy-
ricism, and to counteract, as far as possible, its further
ravages, we offer to suffering humanity the result of our
own experience in the various diseases of Debility. The
unwary victim of solitary vice (early acquired at school,
he'ore reason has asserted her right over the mind), wilt.
in contemphtinc his powerless state, become suaceptilre
of enlivening sensations, in knowing that the most com-
plicated state of exhaustion may be roused into manly
energy. Intense study.—immoderate anxiety—lung resi-
dence in tropical COmes, and m iny other causes, will fre-
quently derange the Nervous System ; in such cases we
can hold out an assurance of re animation, by a treatment
which has lung answered the sanguine hopes of Patients of
both sexes.

That bane to human happiness, SYPHYLIS can now
be treated fearlessly, the improved state of Medical Sci-
ence having divested its antidote of those distressing pro-
Perlias that so long rendered its exhibition uncertain and
banhaing. Some peculiarities incidental to the softer
sett have not escaped our attention ; in which mildness,
combined with efficacy, has superseded the means usually
adopted. In fine, our system is unique, peculiarly ener-
getic, and eminently successful.
Educated in. London, schooled in our professional at-
tainments by its splendid medical characters, And having
Ben 41)14', personally, to compare with admiration the
British Surgical practice with the Continental, our }.re-
matured tti superiorit (in a branch we have selected) are
"natured t,s.
"IltatientY•e, which is evinced by the daily ap-
ptications we receive even flout distant countries.
Dftily attriatlenee is' given for personal consultation : and
lmett.iestnt from the country are immediately answered ; these
which e"tain a remittance for Advice and Medicines,
distant can be forwarded to any part of the world, however
C°BB and CO., M.R.C., Surgeons, .
i 'shed ',user
Just pun. ' •
N° 1I El ie-str-et, Fleet street, London.
of LIPE, (Twentieth Edition)-1. The 'EC'S
Dieeft.l a laniiliar commentary on Debility and Nervous
Disease. ---2. Th.. SYPHILIST, treating of Venereal
Fernalv sts-:* HYGEIANA, addressed exclusively to the
Alsy ht i
72, Graf '4(l at 23 Paternoster.row, London ; Porter,
U'll•st '
9, Cahnn. rest, Dublin • 86. Trongate,
'll..et p. 4 ' Wrightson, Biliningbain ;
Duffield, 14.01 e iiihurgh ;
tenhnni Lod"! Hrown and Reid, E. ist..l; Weller, Chet-
Cambridge ; ir, Biir ton ; Wood, Huntingdon ; Hut,
k Ipswich; Ilob-
op, Leeel4; cr"wman, Exeter ; Dec .
manche_ to ; Platt
nose and Son, Livt.rpool;
.gich ; Haldots l'lld, Sheffield ; Bacon Cu., Nor-
sod Dowdit,,,a" Lowndes, and Sla.tert Oaantad;Brodie
II ' 41i b n Windsor; and of all'
Bookst_m...p 4
tary ; .step,
rice th.
cb.

The amiable Quakeress, who has been for a
length of time sojourning at Paris, and mingling in the
society of LA rArErrE and his party, where her great talents
were highly valued, is returned to her domicile in Nor-
wich, where she has resumed her charitable pursuits, by
administering substantial comfort to the distressed poor
Morning Paper.—Plie lady here alluded to is Abs. Om.]
THE NEW NOVEL, BY THE AUTHOR OF
" PELHAM."-Eircass ARAM, it is well known, was a
most extriordinary being,—a murderer, yet a man of deep
learning, profound philosophy, and high genius. The
defence which he delivered on his trial was one of the most
astonishing efforts of ingenuity and eloquence ever listened
to at the bar of a criminal Court. To display such a man
against the agonies of remorse—in his schemes of con- '
cealmenr, and his self.c:toniroul in society—in the progress
of a love-suit, and in the conversational display of his
book-learned skill, afforded the finest opportuniti-s for ex-
hibiting the workings of the human heart under novel, and,
indeed fearful circumstances. Mr. Botwcts has admirably
succeeded in his task, and his EUGENIC ARAm is a charac-
ter that the I,hilomopher may study with advantage.
SUICIDE.--An inquest was held on Wed-
nesday week, at Birmingham, on the body of a female
nailed OSBORNE, who drowned herself on the Monday
night preceding, in the river Rea, between Derit. nd-
bridge and the Floodgates. It appeared in evidence that
the deceased, who was a married woman, had recently left
her husband, a shoemaker, resid.ng at Windsor, in com-
pany with a young man, with whom she proceeded to
Birmingham, and finding that he was about to desert her,
she, in a fit of despair, took that mode of putting a period
to her existeto.e ; the Jury returned a verdict accordingly.
Coventry Herald.

HORRID WHITEFOOT OUTRAGE.—.On the
ni4ht of Saturday week, a party of Whiteteet forced their
way into the house of a man named JAMPS MANNIN, and
demanded arms, which he refused to give up. They then
dragged him Irian his bed to the fire, on which they held
vim, to torture him into a confession of where the arms
were ; and, on his persisting in saying he hail none, they
treated his daughter in the same horrid manner, with no
better success. The ruffs Ins then beat the unfortunate
people, and departed, a ter perpetrating an act which dis..
graces their country and places themselves on a level with
the first miscreant invaders of America. Five persons,
charged with the diabolical crime, have been fully coin-
mitted. —Kilkenny Journal.
THE LATE WAR.—The combined pers-mal
narratives of the Etrl of MUNSTER. Captain Comm and
Lieutenant Moona, which have lately been presented to
the public under the designation of " Memoirs of the late
War," add a new and welcome companion work to the
various interesting records of Biitisli heroism in the 19111
century. In the Noble Earl's portion of this intetesting
publication, the brilliant sketch of the B tale of Talavera,
and the clear exposition of the general operation of the
cam .aign in which he took so distinguished a part, furnish
the best claims to attention ; while the gallant Captain's
Narrative, embracing nearly the whole of the Peninsul r
conflicts, is rich ill those episodes of individua advt mute
and actiievenaent which lend to the inilitary page all the
excitement of romance, and which hartnon ite peculiarly
well with the wild and picturesque scenes of a country like
Spain.

A table is annexed (applicable •to Dundee, as
at September 1831), showing the number of
' males and females under and above eighteen
years of age, employed at the Dundee flax-spin-
tiing-mills,-and their hours of labour per day, the
number of both sexes under eighteen being 1073.
Of these, the majority are under fourteen ; a
considerable number are under twelve ; some are
under nine ; and a few betwixt six and seven
years of age are admitted, and compelled to
labour along with the rest.
At some of the mills, the children labour
thirteen hours twenty minutes per day, or 79/
hours per week, exclusive of the time allowed for
meals, which, in some instances, is one hour per
day ; and in others, it is curtailed to fifty minutes,
although frequently the distances betwixt, the
mills and the homes of the children are consi—
derable. None labour for a shorter period than hours per day, or 742 per week. This takes
place in Dwidee, where the operatives
.have
benefit from occasional competition fOr labour
amongst the masters. But, in mills situated in
solitary or thinly-peopled parts of the countrN,
the hours of labour sometimes extend to 142
and 15 hours per day, which, when the hour or
50 minutes for meals, and the time spent in
going to and returning from work, and in other
unavoidable avocations, are deducted, will not
leave more than betwixt six and seven hours for
sleep. The table shows the .stated hours of
labour at the Dundee mill. But, if time be lost
by the stoppage of the machinery, or from any
of the various causes which are constantly re-
curring to occasion this, the time has to be made
up ; so that the children are frequently made to
labour for a number of hours in succession
greater than any indicated in the table,—it being
customary in some of the mills to keep them
working till within a quarter to twelve o'clock of
on Saturday night ! Frequently, too, during the
period occupied in repairing or adjusting the
machinery, the children are locked up either in
the flats of the mills, or within the walls of the
establishment ; and this period is not counted to
them as one of labour. Any dispute about odd
time is generally decided against the children,
on the plea that ten minutes or a quarter of an
hour is little or nothing to them individually, but
a good deal to their masters.
No legislative measure can be effectual for the
protection of the children, unless it provide
strictly against the abuses and evasions incident
to the practice of making up time.
Several objections and answers here follow.
As to " free lab(ur," it is denied that the
labour of children at spinning-mills can in any
rational sense be termed free. They have no
choice in the matter, and are generally incapable
of judging for themselves. The principle con-
tended for by the objectors is correct enough as
respects persons of mature years ; though, even
in regard to such persons, the Legislature has
properly interfered to regulate so far the terms
on which they shall not be allowed to labour.
The case of colliers may be instanced. The
common law of the land repudiates bargains
made by men of mature years for the sale of their
labour during their lives, which are justly con•
strued as imposing a condition tantamount to
slavery. Much more, then, may the Legisla-
lature interfere to prevent children from being
doomed to excessive toil. But the principle of
interference in such cases has been so often re-

cognized and acted upon by the Legislature, that
it is now useless to argue the question.

OBJECTION.—If the hours of labour be re,

stricted—if the flax• spinners are prevented, by
legislative enactments, from keeping their mills

going for such periods of time as they can agree
upon with their work-people, and as the state of
the trade or the stipulations of their contracts
with their customers may render necessary--the
British flax-spinners will be beaten out of the
market by foreign competition : the capital em-
ployed in the trade will partly flow to other
countries, where it will be less burdened with
taxation and monopolies (such as that of the

corn laws), and where the sale and purchase of
labour is not restricted by legislative enactments.
The operatives, then, instead of having to com-
plain of being overwrought, will be left to com-
parative idleness and starvation.
ANSWER.—This objection is so far, if not
completely, met by what the flax-spinners them-
selves say as to the proportion which must exist
betwixt the quantity of labour and the amount
of wages. They have the power, and, for their
own preservation, they must exercise it, of keep-
ing down the wages so that the cost of produc-
tion shall not disable them from competing in the
foreign market,—shall not be so great that they
cannot sell their goods at prices which will leave

them at least the ordinary trading profit on their
capital.

Monopolies are great evils: the corn mo-
nopoly, in particular, falls with dreadful
effect on the working classes and their em-
ployers,—more especially on the former. But,
although such evils as these may afford good
reasons for abandoning a trade altogether,
they can never afford a goo'l reason for ener-
vating and degrading the working classes,—the
rising generation of them in particular,—by
means of excessive labour ; for such evils cannot
be effectually met or removed by such means.
Great Britain, notwithstanding her enormous
taxation and pestiferous monopolies, his hitherto
been enabled to sustain herself against foreign
competition, by the advantages of her geogra-
phical position, the abundance and usefuiness of

her natural productions, especially minerals, her
inventions in machinery, the skill and energy of
her workmen, and the abundance of capital to
keep them in employment. If these advantages
by themselves are not sufficient to sustain any
trade, a sure proof will dna.; be afforded that the
trade is not suited to this country, and that it
ought to be abandoned, and the energies of those
engaged in it, so long as they are unimpaired,
turned into some other channel. By their
labouring excessively at low wages, the trade
may be sustained for a time, but its ultimate
ruin will be certain ; and the evils inseparable
from the ruin or abandomnent of any extensive
trade will be found to be seriously aggravated by
the attempt to sustain it by wearing out the

But it may be asked, should not the exces-
sive labour be continued till the taxation be
lightened, and the monopolies swept away by
which the necessity for it is in a great measure
created_? To wait for relief from such a source
would afford but a dreary prospect to the present
generation of operatives. Besides, the rising
generation want protection not only against the
practices which an overstocked market, small
profits, and the necessities of competition have
introduced, but also against similar practices of
which a brisk demand and good profits are
equally productive,.and of which, in any state of
the trade, they will continue to be productive, so
long as,-grasping avarice is unchecked, as at pre-
sent, either by' enlightened philanthropy or by
legislative enactments.
Although it is held to be cle* if all that
stands betwixt the trade of G ritain and
destruction -be an excess of labour on the part of
the . ontratiies, that trade must perish, after
national degradation has been superinduced by
the effort so to sustain it, yet it is not meant to
be stated or inferred that the trade in flax
is in this precarious state. Even at present, the
natural and acquired advantages of Great
Britain are such, that she may, it is thought,
compete with all the world in that trade, without
excessive labour on the part of those employed in
.it. This can scarcely be doubted, when it is re-
collected that the only consequence worth no-
ticing of a rational restriction of the hours of
labour would fall upon the operatives in the
shape of a reduction (a temporary one, it is
thought) of wages ; that the operatives are will-
ing to submit to this reduction, whatever it may
be ; but that, in truth, the reduction would to a
great extent be merely nominal, owing to the op-
portunities which increased leisure would give
for attending to avocations which must at pre-
sent be neglected, or for attending to which the
operatives must pay others out of their wages.
In conclusion, those who have a voice or in-
fluence in the Legislature, are earnestly entreated
to consider the advantages which the objectors
have over the overatives in the way of pleading
their case. Sir J. C. Hobhouse's Bill was de-
feated last session of Parliament chiefly in conse-
quence of the ex-parte and erroneous statements
which the deputation of the masters had an op-
portunity of impressing on Members, whilst the
operatives had no opportunity of meeting them.
But it is hoped that the measure will not be
again rejected,—unless at least after a Committee
of Parliament shall have fairly ascertained the
true state of the facts, and unless these facts
shall bear out the statements of the objectors in
every important particular. •
Dundee, Jan. 17, 1832.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, FEBRUARY 20.

The House met to-day at Half-past Tnree o'clock,
when the Loan CHANCELLOR, the Marquis of LANS-
DOWNE, and the Earl of SHA FTESBURY sat as his M ijesty's
Commissioners. The House of Commons having been
-tummoned, the Royal A.-t-ent was given to the Chtilera
Prevention Bill for England, the Cholera Prevention Bill
for Scotland, the Exchequer Bills Bill, anti ten private
Bills.

Viscount LORTON presented a petition from Pori
arlsogton against the new syrem of education in lrel

Lcnd TEYNIIAM postponed hiv motion relating to the
consumption of hemp anis flux in the navy yards till this
day week. The Noble Lind then presented a petition from
Dundalk against the tithe system in Ireland. He was of
opinion th it a new system of paying the clergy was essen-
tially necessary, and hoped that in the measure about to be
intro 'need, his Majesty's Government would be c ireful not
to irritate the people, tiy using arms in the collection of this
tax; it would only drive the people into rebellion.

The Earl of FINGAL presented a petition from the
county (if Westmeath in favour id' 11-form. The Node
Lord said this petition was agre d upon at a full meeting
at a hich the High Sheriff presided. He then present, d
one from he town of Navan to the same effect ; one from
the same town against the tithe system ; and another from
Trim, to the same t-ffect.

The Marquis of LANSDOWNE laid on the table re-
turns of the resident and non-resident clergy in Ireland,
as ordered by the House. He regretted they were very
imperfect, which was in consequent.• of the terms of the
order not having been complied with. The Noble Mar-
quis presented a petition against the tithe system in Ireland.
Lord KENYON moved that their Lordships should go
into Committee on tne Agricultural L .bourerb' Bill on
Thursd ; which was agreed to, after a few words from
the Earl of SHAFTESSURY.-Adjourned.

ROUSE OF COMMONS, FEBRUARY 20.
The SFEAKER took his beat at a Quarter before Four
o'clock.

Sir G. SKIPWITH brought in the London and Birming-
ham Railway Bill, which was read a first time, and ordered
to be read a Neeend time on Wednesday.

MESSAGE FROM THE LORDS.

The Deputy Usher of the Black Rod appeared at the
table of the HOLM., and summoned the House to the bar of
the House of Lords to hear the Royal As,ent given by
Commission to several Bills.

The SPEAKER accordingly proceeded thither, attended by
several Members; and, on his return, read a list of the
Balm to which the Royal assent had been given. For
which see the Lords' report. •
Sir M. W. RID EY presented a petition (we could
not hear from whom) in favour of the Sunderland and
Shields Railway Bill.

OUR LADYE'S CHAPEL.
Sir T. FREMANTLE said he had been instructed, in
the absence of an Hon. Friend of his, to present a peti-
tion from Southwark relating to a subject which hail ex.
cited a great deal of public interest, he alluded to the an.
dent chapel adjoining the church of St. Saviour's. The
question had arisen in consequence of the inhabitants of
Southwark iin ,giving that the London-bridge Approaches
Bill, now before the House, would authorize the Cur-
porition of London to build upon the vacant space in
front of
thet chapel, and thereby exclude the public from a
of and the object of the petitioners was to have a
clause introduced into the Bill to prevent that from
being done. The inhabitants, much to their credit, instead
of pulling down that beautiful specimen of architecture, had
resolved to repair it, and there had heady ben a subscrip-
tion of 1,5001 towards enabling them to do so; but it
that should be acc“mplished, their main object would be
drfeated if the Corporation were allowed to ibterc.pt
the
ti public view of it, by building houses between it
an the approach to the bridge. The Corporation
had consented to grant a frontage of 70 feet, but
that space would be wholly inadequate for the purpose,
and the space Of 130 feet would be required ; the d ffer-
enc.. was io itself too trdling to jus ify the Co,porat.on in
refusing to grant it. The Hun, Baronet referred to St.
Nlartin's and St. Bride's churches, both of which edified,
the of the Treasury 13..ard)
h been thrown Open t., the public view. He Called on
the
power of either sanctioning or refusing any part of
th, Pl ins proposed to be eircted by
::::oettp,ffoeseett,haenird amuut,:oyirittyieintitihi,rsigeae. Tie Corporation
had th, porter of raising 1 200,0001 to early their plane
I 11 sum which 130 feet of
land would cost could nut be any object.
Mr. Alit-Talon WAITEDIAN said a few words which
the Cworhpooriajildni
were wholly inaudible in the gallery.
The petition was then read, and ordered to be referred
to the Committee on the Bil..
Sir JOHN MALCOL3I presented a petition from

Member had been not only given, but remarks bad
been' added to it by the gentleman who had reported it, and
if such things were allowed to pass without notice it
would he highly derogatory -to the character of that
'louse. He (Mr. D.) had spoken to the Hon. Member
for Middl. sex, who denied in toto having used the words
attributed to him. The following was the paragraph that
he complained of. After stating the speech of the lion.
Member for Middlesex, the following passage occurred :
" And did the Right Hon. Gentleman recollect the case
of Sir G. Hill in his new-born seal for economy and good
faith," and to that was added " hear, hear." When he (Mr.
D.) first read the report, he was convinced the lion.
Member for Middlesex had never used the expresaion attri-
buted to him, and since he had etude down to, the House
be had shewn the report to several Members, who, one
and all, were convinced that the expression had not been
used, He was not one that was disposed to cavil at the
way in which the reports of what took place in that
House were given, but he thought, if the gentlemen who
reported what took place in that House were at times guilty
of omissions, they had no right to put into tie mouths of
Honourable Members expressions which they had never
used, and which were highly derogatory to them and the
House. It was evident the party who had put the report
in question into the Paper, did so for the purpose of cast-
ing a slur upon him for what he had done with respect
to the case of Sir George Hill, and if the Hon. Member
for M.ddlesex had made the assertion it was stated he
had, he (Mr. D.) should have taken that opportunity of
stating that Sir G. Hill had paid up the balance some
time ago, and that, therefore, as far as the public were
concerned, they had no right to complain of Sir G. Hill. He
must complain of this as a gross breach of the privileges
,if the House. He did not wish to say anything against
persons in the situation of reporters ; he had seen very little
good arising from that, he therefore telt a delicacy as to
the course he should pursue ; because if he should think it
his duty to call the printer of the Paper to the bar of
the House, for the purpose of ascertaining who the
person was who furnished the report, the consequence
would be of necessity that the reporter would be repri-
manded, and that would be an unnecessarily severe course;
he should not therefore pursue that step unless the
House wished him to do so for the sake of its owl
dignity, but as the paragraph appeared in the speech
of the Right Honourable Member for Middlesex, all
the purposes he had in view would be answered by calling
upon him to state whether he made the observations
atleded to or not. If he stated that he did, the
t ,ing would be at an end ; and if he did not, then
t .e crime of attempting to deceive the public would rest
upon the gentleman who bad the audacity falsely to report
the proceed i or. --( Cheers. )
Mr. HUME denied having used the words complained
of, or even mentioning the name of Sir G. Hill.
Mr. GOULBURN had occasionally looked into the
publicstiens of what took place in that House, and it
there was any thing more than another that he had to
complain of, it was the studied omissions which were made
in the reports, and he trusted the time was not far distant
when the House would be obliged to notice these omissions.
A charge was founded in this way against those in office
at the time. A comment was made by him in answer to
thd charge, but every word of the extract ivas laid b •fore
the public without a word of those observations that had
been made in reply ; nor was it even mentioned that any
observations had ever been made. These sins of omission
would, he hop,-d, sooner or later, cause the House to vin-
dicate its privilege in reference to them.

Mr. HORATIO ROSS presented a petition from the
cotton manufacturers in Aberdeen, praying for a restric-
tion in the hours of infantine labour in manufactories.
Mr. SADLER presented a similar petition.
Mr JOHNSTONE complained, on behalf of the master
manufacturers in one of the ridings in Yorkshire, that it
had been represented that cruelty had been exercised by
them tuwaids the children in their employment. He
was prepared to show, that although this might be
the case in some one individual instance, yet the
children had been treate I generally with the
greatest possible humanity. The Legislature, he trusted,
would take care that their helpless awe should not be
taken advantage of. He hid not the slightest objection
to the Bill of the Hon. Member for Aldborough being fully
and fairly discussed.
Mr. SADLER could assure the Hon. Member for
1 ()tic-hire, that no exaggeration had been resorted to in
reference to the usage of the unfortunate children who Icl.•
how ed in the manufactories. He could show, on the au-
thority of a clergyman of the town of Huddersfield, that
the most extraordinary degree of cruelty had been practised
upon them, so that they were obliged to work even beyond
the prriod of labour allotted to felons. Such was the
state of their mind, in consequence of this protracted labour,
that there was an utter impossib.lity of duly instructing
them.

An HoN. MEstnEu, whose name we could not learn,
said that as the Hon. Member for Aldborough had stated
that children had been subjected to a severity of labour
exceiding that even of le'ons, he would beg leave to state
that such was not the language of the petition ; and as
the public mind was already sufficien ly excited upon the
question, he would recommend the greatest caution of
language.

Mr. SADLER did not mein to deceive the Hou.e, he
did nut make the statement as the precise wordy of the
etitionere.

Sir C. BURRELL supported the petition. The Hon.
Member for Aldborough was following the steps of the
most humane and benevolent individual that had ever
lived (the late Sir R. Peel); it woul.l have been well for
the country that the House had paid more attention to his
opinions.

111 r. HUNT consi,lered it an act of the greatest cruelty
and injustice to permit children, even it their parents were
nee itousi to work IS or 14 hours a-day—that was the
case in woollen as well as cotton manufactories, and there
were even what the) called watchers in those mills
to prevent, by ii.flicting the severest labhes, the poor
children from falling in their btate of exhaustion among
tt e machinery. The Certificates of all medical men proved
that eight out of every ten of these ehiblren were crippled
or deformed before twenty years of age, in consequence of
severe and protr icted lalwur.
Mr. SADLER was understood to ask what day would
be convenient for appom ing the Committee to consider
the butiject ?

Lord ALTHORP'S reply was totally inaudible in the
t,allery.

REFORM BILL.
Lord ALTHORP moved the Order of the Day for the
House to resolve into a Cotainittee on the English Re-
form Bill.
Mr. CROKER presented a petition from Dr. APlntyre,
a very ingenious gentleman, complaining that Lieutehant
Drummond's calculation had been made on an erroneous
principle.—Ordered to he printed.
Colonel EVANS gave notice that he would to-morrow
present a petition from several medical gentlemen
in London, prying for an enquiry to be instituted, whe.
titer the Asiitic spasmodic cho.eri existed in London, far
the purpose of dispelling the delusion that existed on the
subject.

Mr. ROBINSON was happy to hear that the subject
had been brirught forward, and hoped it would allay the
existing agitation in the city. Regard bring had to that
pain ul agitation, as w.ll as to the great damage trade was
suffering and iikely to suffer from the present reports re-
specting cholera, it was necessary that Grovernin nt should
turn their attention to the subject more efficiently than had
yet been done.
Mr. P. THOMSON regretted as much as any wan
the present restrictions that Government felt it their duty
to impose on trade. But until Government were satisged
that the Asiatic cholera did not exist in this metro-
polis, it would be impossible for them with propriety to
remove thirse restrictions, it would be rrcolitcreil that
when the report had reached the Continent that the cho.
lera was in this country, there was every inten ion to place
its commerce under quarantine. And it was only in
consequence of their being persuaded, and particularly

. .
. . . .
. ••-- .. .: - • - - -
France, that the irang front diesanittntitniloa,4l,et,
cholera prevailed, on its way to -tlie*diftW*44lFei to
quarantine,- and the positive assuraffljiliiistV ''vettil lit did
arrive in the South, should it reach this part of the king.
Prim,
rot nt a cohemea
lne
metropolis
wouldwas
permitted take place, t
rtahnacte ti hn st 0 tradingfore
I n
ports at all without having to undergo quarantine. Could
it be proper, therefore, under the present circumstanctee
to permit the trading from London to proceed, as if no
cholera existed here? Many attacks had been made en
what had been done and not done, but all that had been
.lone had been only following the recommendations ad-
dressed to Ministers when the disease was likely to approach
these shores, and nothing could be more unjust than the
censures passed on Government respecting the constitution
of the Board of. Health. The gentlemen composting that.
Board hail no interest in proclaiming the disease existed in
London if it did not. They were eminent in their profession,
ml had seen cholera in all its stages in India, Russia, and
Germany. The first Board of Health was not com-
posed of gentlemen possessing that peculiar know.
ledge, and they had been supplanted by the present
Board, who were conversant with the diseas , and
when this Board informed Government that the disease
here was identically the same as they had witnessed
in foreign countries, it was impossible for Government to
take upon itself the responsibility of setting at naught
that statement, and merely because it was opposed
to, the vague reports of certain indivi uals prohahly
as learned as any of the -gentlemen who comprise
the Board. Should the disease really not have reached the
metropolis, a very short time wou'd determina the point
should it happily he determined in the negative, then the
restrictions on trade now complained of could instantly he
removed, and the alarm allayed, but if not, it would be
imperative on us to submit to the inconveniences.
Mr. lILTAIF. said there could be no hesitation in stating
that while it was reported cholera prevailed here, the re-
strictions on trade ought to he continued. At the same
time Government ought to know that they, had excited
throughout London an alarm almost inconeervahle, .and
that the greatest distrust in the Medical Board had horn
excited. The Board ought to be composed of eentlemen
holding different opinions, whereas it was now composed
of the strongest contagionists. He hoped, then-litre, that
as by
_what the Board had done they had destroyed all
confidence in them by-the public, Government would in-
terfere, and at least add an additional number to the Board,
holding probably different opinions to
.:those, now
composing it The next thing, therefore, important for
Government to inquire into respecting the Board wai, what
number of persons were employed, and wh ,t they had
lone. The House and the public should be correctly in-
formed of this.
Mr. P. THOMSON said that Dr. Erskine, one of the
most eminent members of the Board, when first placed on
the Board, was a decided anti-coetagionist, but that from
what he had subsequently learnt he had become a strong
contagionist.
Sir R PEEL considered the question for the House to
he whether the red Asiatic or spasmodic cholera existed
in this metropolis or not. He thought it one cc
the most mischievous things possible to find that
the Board of Health was busying itself in discus.
sing, at this time of day, whether the disease was
really contagious or not. He could not forget that one
unfortunate medical gentleman in Sunderland, at the
commencement of the disease there, was almost under
the neces-ity of leaving the town for asserting that
the spasmodic cholera had reached that place. He
Sir R. Peel) did not know whether the precautions cf
Government were correct or not, but he hoped that it
..vould he found that persons appointed by Government
would ascertain whether the cholera was here or not, and
not hesitate to express their conscientious opinions on the
subject..

Lord ALTHORP hoped that the result of the cholera
n London would turn out different from what it was $n
Sunderland, but at all events he - hoped the Medical
Board would now be allowed to proceei straight
orward in their duties. He sincerely hoped that the dis-
ease would not eitend far, hut at present it was impossible
toit
ei7vueladnoyronotint,ioanndupi
upon it.
it was prema-
ture to
asal whethery
w Apresentnß
URTON was of opinion that the Medic ii
Board should he allowed to pursue their course freely. for
so doing, not only would they inspire confidence in this
county, but in all foreign States, and it was highly im-
portant that a true state of facts should he given, so that
foreign Governments might possess confidence in such hills
of health as were thought necessary to be given to ves-
sels. He Mincer. ly hoped that his Majesty's Government
would proceed in the way they had begun.
Colonel EVANS said that the question was not whether
the cholera bad reached this country, but whether it was
cont igious or not, and if it were not, where was the neces-
sity for quarantine regulations? An impression had gone
abroad that tie members of the Medical Board had an inte-
rest in this question on account of tt•e salaries which t'
ev
received. A short time back he had asked for the return of
papers relative to a case which bad taken place in the Gnat ds,
and the reply he received was, that his Majesty's Government
had no papers on the subject. However, as it was
customary in the army for register, to be kept by the
surgeons, he thought there could be no objection to produce a copy of the register in reference to that case.
INSURRECTION IN JAMAICA.
Mr. BURGE said he wished to advert to certain intel-
ligence which had been but just received, concerning an
insurrection which had taken place in Jamaica, and
which had been attended with the destinction of an
immense mass of property. H- was not going at
the present time to ask the Noble Lord (H ta-ics-)
aay question as to the particulars or the cause of it ; 1,14 t
it '‘ as of gr. at impormice as respected the anxious f., hog
of a great number of individuals in this country, that his
Maj sty's Giver= nt should state what was the condition„f the island according to the most recent intelligence.
Lord HOWICK said that the latest acc .unts which
had been received by his Majesty's Government from Ja-
Inaiea were dated January 6, anti that on the day on which
Sir W. Cotton sent off his despatches to Lord Belniore, the
insurrection was in a great measure suppressed. It was
unnecessary for him at that moment to enter into the par-
ticulars of the insurrection, as Lord Goderich had eiven
direction that all the information which Government had
possessed sh• uld be published in the papers to-morrow.
Mt. IRVINE begged to ask the Noble Lord if
he had
received intelligence that order bad been completely res-
tored ?
Lord HOWICK replied that he had not.
The SPEAKER was about to put the question that
the order of the day be read, when
CROKER said that it would be impossible for the
Noble Lord (Althorp) at present to go into the schedules.
—(Hear, hear.) They were made upon the
cal-
culations drawn nut by Lieutenant Drutrunund's inference
from the number of houses and the quantity of taxes, and
unless that information was full and correct, it would he
a waste of time to inquire into the situation of boroughs.
He had stated a month ago that Lieutenant D
um-
mond, in his calculating the amount of the assessed
taxes, had in some instances included the tdx on game cer-
Ihtntefii
g.:hau
tthe t
nsb.ei
tantne dad
dtt ee,iye, eohnu4l p.s u
t i v
lefddr o
fiototry
wea,
niimt
haacnacr:
yu Lae. atffveoacfftthsto-
H
co
therefore, on the 24th January, in order that there
gessitd tales of certain boroughs, and without that account
the schedules.

Lord J. RUSSELL said, that the Right Hon. Gentle_
man hail correctly stated that there was *difference wi.h
regard to some of the boroughs, as to the amount of the
Game Certificate Duty being included or not in t' .e ca-
t:ll46bn of taxes paid by them. He hid la-en 4014 of this
before, and he had therefore directed that the Commis.
sioners should pursue one uniform rule; and either theme
ineude, or always exclude the calculation of these duties.
But when the list came to be made out, from sotte mis-
undeistanding, the rule was not, in every instance. ex icily
observed. There was one other thin
o g 'end that was,
at in smite places the assessed taxes bad been discharged
as to portions of those places, and yet those plarem were
stilt noticed in the same way as if every part of them still
paid the assessed taXrs. However he had .epeek n to
Lieutenant Di uniinond on the subj.ect, and he understood
that these differences, though it would have been advisable
to avoid them, would nut make such a difference as to
effect an alteration in the situation of any of vete places in
the list. He thought, the velure, that it would be of tee
woe ro delay the consideration of the schedules on this
accounts

Mr. CROKER did not speak of the payment of minor
dories, but of a great rinciple neglected, namely the tini-
fo,miry of the calculations.
Sir C. WEThIERELL thought the other part of the
Reforni Bid might go on, and the schedule% be permed
t:ll the 'tallest information had heed
Lord ALTHORP %aid that it would not be neersary to
price d with the borough% in the order of the .et.edui es.
theTt The
schedule.turrtit.eemight begat with the lowest of those in

Air. Citukt.ll again expreoed hie hope that the Noble
(Ltohted
ow;
pu loeid u
ition) wrw:eri
tehl:ietTiblyetostc:egvdouuleliensithohe
et
IHi(e,i‘ginc....,:,:oltheten,ye)
dPurreay.ii"Btuhtatifththee N°obbilee Lord
dd
cvw::util:(11 Pp:r:Pev"rnre lin.
teution to P
would divide the Howie.
Lord MILTON cuasidered the txwree prupoted by the

'‘Zoble (the CLaticellot tit Exchquer) tote per-
i:rt!), convenient.
An HON. MEMBER thought that the Comtuittce
could. at-once proceed to the disfrinehinement of ten
borou2h*, beginning with Ohl Sarum, as there was very
‘ktle room for discussion respecting them. It was Lie in-
tention to make a motion to that effect.
Mr. CROKER thought it the more necessary to oppose

the motion ,hat the Straker do leave the Chair, in e.onse-

- -e of what hail fallen from the Hon. M. mber oppo.
yle.
site. It had always been und. r.tood that the boroughs
should he considered ; but now it was proposed to
ilkfranchise ten of them in the lump.
After a few words from Lord MILTON, Mr. CBOKER,
and an HON. MEMBER whov name we did not learn, the
gallery waa cleared fur a division on the qui-stion that " the
!•z!iealter do now leave the Chair," the numbers were—
For the motion
Against it
Majority

On the re-admission ot strangers, we tound the House
in Committee.
Colonel WOOD wished to know when it was intended
to bring on the postponed clauses?
Lord ALTHORP was understood to say, that the re-
served el ,uses w ul i be taken after the schedules
Sir E. SUGDEN said, that it was understood that the
Committee would p►oceetl with all the clauses of the Bill
before they approached the schedules. He thought that
the clause relating to the expenses of elections omf,ht to be
taken then, when there was an opportunq of discussing
it in a lull House It it should then be postponed, it
might he brought on hereafter when very few Members
would be in attendance.
Lord ALTHORP was understood to say, that it would
be inconvenient to take the postponed clauses at that time.
Sir E. SUGDEN repeated, that the understanding had
been that the schedules would not be touched until after all
the other clauses should have been completely gone through.
Lord ALTHORP thougi.t that the present discussion
wan merely a wasting of the time of the Committee.
Si• E. SUGDEN hoped that the Noble Lord did not
meat, to accuse him ot wilfully wasting the time of the
}L use.

Lord ALTHORP did not intend to cast any imputation
or.on the Hon. and Learned Gentleman, but he really did
see to what good the discussion tended.
L rd J. RUSSELL said, that the Bill had been post-
pline,l en Fria to meet the wishes of Hon. Gentlemen
oppo•site, and t!,e schedules had been expressly appointed to
c,,tne on that evening (111onday).
.After some further conversation, of which the import
cnn! not be colec'ed in the gallery,
The CEIAI R3l A x read the 55th (the Registration) clause.

Colonel WOOD could nut ste how tie son-re.ident
freemen were to pay yearly for their registration, as they
paid no poor rates upon which the shilling cool] he
charged Besi,'es the clause did not state clearly whether
or not the freeholders in the counties should pay a shilling
anru :11y in the same way as voters i❑ the borougs.
Lord ALTHORP said, that one object of the system of
ret;i•tration and the polling at several places in the one day,
as we l as of ..liottening the duration of the poll, was to
enable gentlemen of small fortunes to stand fur the repre-
sentation of their respective counties, without incurring

ruinous exp• nets.
Sir E. SUGDEN said, that the clause was so framed.
that whilst the county elector would have to pay hut one
regi•tra'ion he in his whole life, Ferhaps, the
elector in a borough would be obliged to pay a shilling

every year.
The clause was, after some verbal amendments, agreed to.

Clime 69 was also agreed to, but some discussion took
place on this as on the preceding, hut it was carried on
;n ae an hrtv a tone of voice, that no part of it reached
the gallery.

Lord JOHN RUSSELL meant to proceed with the bo-
roughs contained in schedule A, in the order in which
they were given in Mr. Drummond's lists. It was a
course which, he was persuaded, would be attended with
great convenience to the House. He then moved that
trild Sarum, in Wiltshire, do stand instead of !►ldborough,
Yo' kshire.

Mr. POLLOCK observed, that it was a matter of the
highest importance to ascertain whether the principles
upon which Mr. Drummond acted were sound and ac-
curate—whether he dealt with the instructions given him
in such a manner as could be useful to the House and safe
thy it to proceed upon. It was his (Mr. P.'s) opinion.
that those ralcu'ations siert, not such as the Legislature
wu;si adopt on a matter so delicate and important as that
which now engaged their attention ; in a word. he con.
r.eived them to be essentially so erroneous, as to be wholly
inappirab'e to the purposes for which they were intended.
Ile then proceeded to state the imdructions given to Mr.
Drummond from a letter addressed to that gentleman by
Lord Viscount Melbourne, and dated the 24th of Novern-
it-r, ;831, and read the following paragraphs from Lord
Melbourne's letter :--
The Government having determined to found the Reform
Rill upon a :3P.W basis, I request your assistance, to enable them
to ascertain the relative importance of the smaller boroughs in
England and Wale"
1 u will have the goodness, therefore, to make a scale, con-
taining, in addition to the ninety-seven boroughs (the number
comprised in .schedules A and B of the former 84, the ten or
fifteen immediately above them in,Aze and importance. You will
arrange these boroughs in such a manner that the lowest may be
the first, an' the highest the last on the list. I shall be obliged
to ;you to send me, at the same tiTne, an account of the manner
in tehich the calculation has been made."

To this request, on the part of his Lordship, Lieutenant
Drummond rep,ied as follows
The principle on which the list is founded, consists in allow-
ing equal weight, in the estimation of the relative importance of
a borough, to the number of houses which it routs ns, and amoun t
of assessed tan's which it pays ; and the method adopted for
carrying this prineiisle into etfect may be stated in the following
wsrds
" fats Take 'the average number of houses contained in the
boroughs to be arranged, d,cisie the number of houses in each
borough by this average number, and a series of numbers will be
obtained, denoting the relative importance of the different bo.
roughs with respect to houses.
2d, Take the average amount of the assessed taxes paid by
the same boroughs, and proceed precisely in the sante manner as
described with respect to the houses; a series:of numbers will re.
stilt, showing the relative importance of the different boroughs
with regard to assessed taxes.
:Id, Add together the numbers in these two lists which relate
to the same boroughs, and a series • f numbers will be produced,
denoting the relative importance of the different boroughs with
respect to houses oral assessed taxes combined.
4th, With a view to explain this statement, suppose tharthe
number of boroughs to be arranged in the manner prescribed is
instead of 110. The principle not being affected by the number,
the explanation will be rendered more simple by using the smaller
number."
51r. Drummond understood his inatructions, he had no
doubt, as they were intended, but unless tome prinitiple
were meant to be applied to this calculation, which had I
not been publicly stated, he should say that nothing ;
could he more erroneous than was the ground upon which
it was then proposed to rest that part of the Bill. The Hon.
and Learned Gentleman then proceeded to state the prin-
eiple. :Ton which Mr. Drummond proceeded, and the
mode in which he ma-le his calculations, as already before
the public, contending that the only mode of making the
calculations was to multiply the two numbers together.
He would now beg !eave to call the attention of the Com-
mittee to one of the instances in Lieutenant Drutnmond's
list. If Hon. Gentlemen would refer to page S, No. S,
they would find that Petersfield had 27S houses, and paid
.54.04 taxes, and that Westbury had SSB hou.es, and paid
278/. taxes. The number, however, of houses as to
Petersfield. and of taxes as to Westbury, ware exactly the
saute; while, between the houses of Westbury and the
taxes of Petersfield, there was the difference of .538 tit
540, and the consequence of this was, if the two scales
were to he blended together for the purpose of giving
equal weight to eaeh, Peterrit.ld ought to be in a higher
position than Westbury, whereas, by this method of turn-
ing these number. into fractions, (and be protested he
could not at all make nut why thews frsetions were in-
troduced), Wes'burv, with a lower number, occupied a
higher place in the scah.. Now he was convince,' that if
this list was laid down before an unprejudiced person, and
he was told to give an equal weight to the numbers in both
eases, the preference would be given to Peterefield, iiiast
touch as the preponderance of taxes in Peterifield was
greater than the preponderance of Westbury over Peters-
field in the other scale. In order the mere dearly to iilus-
trate what he meant, he would take the case of four ho-
roughs, so Its to show how the two systems worked. He
would suppose four boroughs, to be called A, Sr, C, and
D. He would aiso suppose that the borough A eontaiiard
200 houses, and paid 9001. taxes; that 13 contained 650
bowie's, and paid 3001. tales ; that C contrived 800
houses, and paid 2501. taxes; and that D contained 1,000
houses, and paid 1501. taxes. Now let it he supposed
that This last example was exaggerated, fur in the last
Bill they had had an instance of a place being so deficient
in 101 hiatuses as to elute it to be deemed unworthy of re-
taining the franchise. Neither ought it to he sia;(l that
four boroughs were not sufficient to show the eft et or
Lieutenant Drunimond's plan : for he did not know any
thing in that gentleman's arbitrary rule that rendered it
More fit for eighty boroughs than it was for only tour, or
vice versa. He had tried these four boroughs by Lieute-
Dant Drummond's system of fraction., and the result was,
that the four boroughs, A, B, C, D, came out in this
order—B, C, D, and A ; whereas, by multiplying the
figures in the one series by the figures in the other, which
appeared to him, as he had already explained, to be the
proper way, the order would be D, A, B, C ; so that by
this juxta-position it became quite evident that one of the
taro systems must be wrong. According to Lieut. Drum.
mood's frictional tn.de, A, with 200 houses and 900/.
taxes, came hefore B: and so it ought, because the taxes
here a greater disproportion than the houses. But the
fraztienal plan also placed B O'er D. whereas D bad only

half the eroututt of the tax's of B, and B had filtife than
11 half the number of bowies of D; from which be thought
it quite inanifeet, that., to ret the proper result, they
ought to multiply the two scales together. But, as he
had already remarked, Lieutenant Drummond's system, in
some cases, led to very serious mistakes ; and he would
now cell the attention of the Committee to some of them.
as shortly as he was able. If the Committee'svotild look
at No. 8, page 3, they would observe that the borou
No. 56 was Amersham. No. 57 was Peterstield, anti No.
60 was Westbury ; and he meant to contend that. if the
calculation was properly worked out, Westbury ought to
occupy the place No. 3t3. He did not state this without
having worked out the whole of the numbers to see how
they would stand, and to illustrate his position he would
state a few of the results to the Committee, by taking
eight of the places that stood in the immediate neighbour-
hood of the line of separation. On ,referring to Lieut.
Drummond's list, it would be seen that No. 53 was Ap-
pleby ; 54, Lostwithiel ; 55, Brackley ; 56. Amersham ;
57, Petermtield ; 58, Ashburton ; 39, Eye ; and 60,
Westbury ; but, according to his (Mr. Pollock's) calcu-
lations. the order would be Lostwithiel, Brackley, West-
bury, Petersfiehl, Amersham, Ashburton, Hythe,
hulat, and Wareham.—(Hear, hear.) There was one re-
mar k• in this Owe which he wished to make in all can-
deur ; and he trusted that the Nob'e Lord would find it
worth his attention. It was this—that it would have
been much he ter if, instead of fixing on the number 56,
for the boroughs in schedule A ahsolutsly, imperatively,
and without appeal, the Ministers had looked at the lists
—marked the difference, and observed where that chasm
ensued which should most justify them in making the
grand separation of schedule A and schedule B.—
( Hear, hear.) Many Hon. Gentlemen who were lis-
tening to him, must be aware that such was the
course pursued at all the se pools in the Universities. As
long as ineividuals were found so near to the head man,
as to present no very striking shade of difference, so
long the same class was preserved ; but when such a dif-
ference was found as to justify the separation, then the
chasm was made. He was quite ready to admit that some
point of separation must be agreed upon ; but he con-
tended that the chasm between No. 55 and No. 56 was
not such as to justify the separation being teere made ;
and if the Noble Lord would be so good as to follow him
through the differences of the respective boroughs, he
thought that the Noble Lord would very clearly see that
such was the case. Taking the top of the list (and in
this he was following Lieut. Drummond'e own calcula-
tions), the first stood at 903, the next 936, the next after
that was ten more, the next one more, the next four
mote, aad se on till they came to No. 52 ; and then there
was a sudden rise from 1,294 to 1.337 ; this was a con-
siderable stern—but perhaps it might not be thought suf-
ficient to justify the s partition being made at that place.
But now he would go on a little further :—No. 54 was
1 350 ; No. 55, 1.380 ; and No. 56, 1,580 ;—that is to
say, there w ,s a greater difference between Amersham
nd Brackley, Nos. 56 and 55, than between Btacklev
and Downton, Nus. 55 and 46 —(Hear, hear.) Be;
there was another reason for making the chasm between
No. 55 end No. 56, instead of between No. 56 and No.
57—(Hear, hear)—the very next borough to Amersham
was Petersfield, which stood at 1,694, nicking only 24
difference between that and Amershem, while Amersham
was separated from Brackley by nearly 200.—(Hear,
hear.) With such a fact as this staring him in the face,
could he help asking whether it must not produce a great
degree of jealousy and heartburning in those boroughs
that found themselves particularly interested in the exist-
ing arrangement? Now it was possible that a place
'night have houses without taxes; and if so, he presumed
I that the Noble Lord would concede that such a place
ought not to find any admission into the calculation of
I Lieut. Drummond; and yet. as he (Mr. Pollock) under-
stood the principle, the effect would be to put a place
where the number of houses was large, without sny pay-
ment of taxes, higher than a place that contained a mo-
derate number of houses, and paid a moderate amount of
taxes. He begged to say that he had made these observa-
tions in that spirit which he trusted he should always
evince in the remarks he might put forth in that House :
and it was now for the Noble Lord to show in what man-
ner he was willing to receive them. But there was one
point in particular which he wished to press upon the at-
tention of the Noble Lard, and that was, that inasmuch as
I some of the boroughs were not to he considered that night,
but postponed for further information, the Committee
would be placed in is very delicate situation as to those four
or fire boroughs which were just before and after No. 86.
He would admit that when Lieut. Drummond's calcula-
tion came to No. SS it was correct ; itut the question was,
whether he was right in hie calculation at No. 56 and N.
86.—( Hear, hear.)
Lord J. RUSSELL—I shall endeavour, in answer to
the observations of the Hon. and Learn d Gentleman, to
state to the Committee the pi inciple on which we have
proceeded with respect to these schedules, and why I think
th it I have a tight to call on Parliament to rely on the ,
system of Lieut. Drummond. And in the first place, in
order to make the matter more clear, I will state to the
Cemenittee what the questi to was that we put to Lieut.
Drummond, and the manner in which he proceeded to in-
vestigate that question. The question which the Govern-
ment put was this—that taking a number of boroughs,
equal to the number contained in the two last schedules,
and adding some more boroughs to them, in Order that no
' borough should e scope, so as to make the number about
one hundred and ten, a scale should then be formed on the
conjoint calculation of houses and taxes, from which a ge-
neral result was to be deduced. Now Lieu,. Drummend
understood, and rightly understood, this question to mean
that he was to give equal weight to the number of houses
and to the amount of taxes ; and, therefore, he then had
to consider in what way he might best give that equal
weight. One of the modes that was presented to his
notice was, the very mode that has this evening been sug-
gested by the Hon. and Learned Gentleman as the correct
one, but which Lieutenant Drummond, on consideration,
deemed to be inadmissible. But the Hon. and Learned
Gentlemen, by way of illustration, puts the problem of a
cargo of goods, arid funds his calculation on the number
of Males and the value of the article per pound. If that
were the proposition now before the Committee, I should
he quite ready to agree with the Hen. and Learned Gentle-
man that be K as right in taking the compound ratio and
in multiplying the numbers together: but surely the Hon.
and Learned Gentleman must see, that when you state a
hale of goods contains so much at a value of so mutt') per
pound, you state two numbers that can very properly be.
combined together. If, for instance, the goods were su-
gar. the real value of that would be easily ascertainable,
and it was because there was a distinct proportion between
the quantity and the price. In such a case the Hon. and
Learned Gentleman'', proposition was unobjectionable. But
when the Hon. anti Learned Gentlemen goes on to propose
that this mode of calculation shall be carried on to houses
and taxes, I can no longer agree in hi. proposition ; because
there is no natural and immediate Method of settling what
is the value of a house in taxes. There was no proportion
of fact between them ; and we therefore (lid not say to
Lietvenant Drummond, " here are 500 hou-es worth
1,0001. in taxes, or 300 houses worth 7001. in taxes."
Under these circumstances, it was felt that it would not be
a fa;r way of arriving at a c.inciusion, to take the houses
arid the taxes of one borough as a criterion ; for which
reason, the plan adopted was to take the %hole number of
borough; and the whole number of homes into one scale,
and the whole number of boroughs and the whole ameunt of
taxes into .nother scale, and thus to found a calculation on
the union of the tie o—( Heer)—and then, supposing a result
of 16,000 houses and 30,0001. worth of taxes, it afterwards
came to the sante thing, whether the tractional method of
' Lieut. Drummond was adopted, or whether we took from
that product a datum that a house was worth so much in
:vies The real fact is, that this was the way in which the pi °-
Mem ought to be done ; and all who will study the question
must come to the conclusion that this was the only mode
by which a fair result mild be o .tained.—(Hear.) But
the non. and Learned Gentleman sar, hence billows ti
great absurdity, because the positive difference is gut
of. But h itee is this? A ia lower in the scale of tears
than B, but higher in the se de of houses ; and yet the two
are placed in different to ions. Bat this aria- s from
twines, not the positive difference, but the proportionate
difference; the one, number of howt-s, being to be com-
pared to tee total denononitor which has been derived from
ell the houses ; and die other, number of taxes, to tee total
denobaieetor which has been derived front all the taxes.
Su that, since their amounts have to be competed with dif-
ferent numbers, it is very eviden, that the result, must he
diff r nt. This is the real foundation and nature of the
problem Ma which Lieut. Drummond has proceeded ; anti
nos'', haning cleared up that point to the Committee,
will say a few woods in explanation of what would be the
consequence of the Hon. end Leaned Gentleman's plan.
The consequence would be this7-thet a place was taken
with fifty houses and 501. in taxes, but: another taken
with one hundred heuses and 1001. in taxes, the tiorto:a
place, instead of beicg.estimati d, as it ought, at one-halt of
the lot er, wouid on;) be valued on the mu tiplication plait
at one-fourth—( Hear)—er, to carry the same example still
further—w another place of fifty houses, .55/ in taxes, was
added to the former place of fifty houses and 501. in taxes,
the two tog- tier would only stand at one-haft of the place
that had a hundred douses ant 100 i. in taxes, though the
respective amounts of the two would be exactly the same.
—(Hear, hear.) This, tom I may he allowed to say, is
a resolt ;bet he, already been pointed out; and there-

fore f .in happy to fe that I ate not I.ere relying on
my own calculations ; but that I am building my own
observations on the comment of some of the first ma-
thematicians of the day. Barked by these authorities,
I have no hesitation in saying that Lieut. Drummond's
plan was the best that could be adopted ; and that if
the Hon. and Learned Gentleman's method was adopted,
it would lead to some very ridiculous consequences, such
as that whi h I have already pointed out, and which goes
to show that two halves are not equal to the whole.—(A
laugh, and hear, hear.) The advantage of the method
which we have adopted is. that it is one consistent with
itself, and that may be easily adopted. But if Hon. Gen-
tlemen are inclined to consider this as a mere abstract
mathematical question, I am happy to have it in my
power to meet them on that ground, and to refer them to
the opinion of the first mathematicians of the day. Mr.
Professor Airey, of Cambridge, has borne testimony to the
judiciousness of our p! in ; Mr. Barlow, of Woolwich, on
the same subject, remarks that the system is not only cor-
rect
in itself, but calculated to lead to an equitable arrange-
ment of the boroughs, according to the conditions pre-
scribed in the instructions. fur. Wallis, of Edinburgh,
in his communicatien, not only approves of the principle,
but goes into details for the purpose of !showing that he
has thorougly given hie mind to it ; and by various illus.
trations that he given, he proves the principle to he per-
fectly correct. There is one further authority which I
cannot consent to omit, as I have been given to under-
et nil by Capt. Beaufort that there is no objection to my
alluding to Sir John Herschel by name, and to my
stating that in his opinion the principle is fair, mathe-
matical, and correct.—(Hear.) I think that I have now
said sufficient to show that the principle of Lieut. Drum.
mond has not been taken up on light grounds, nor in igno-
rance of that science which that gentleman has so long
and so successfully studied. But the Hon. and Learned
Gentleman has put another point,
and says, that if we
take our calculation in this way, we ought ot divide the
schedule+ at that place where the greatest chasm presents
itself. On this head I will tell the Committee in what
way we prosiwied. When the lists were first made out,
the inforislaWthat we bad received about mmy of the-e
boroughs was troy incomplete ; the calculations were not
made out ; and Government, in many instances, was not
able to settle the exact position of several boroughs. The
heeling of the Government, !towev r, was, that a list of
about 100 of the least important boroughs ought to be
made out, under competent authority ; and it was like-
wise considered, that as .i 6 was the number of boroughs
contained in the former schedule A. it would he advisable
to return the same number in the present schedule A.
But I hive already stated all this to the House on a tormer
ccceeion, as well as the reasons which induced us to make
the number of the present schedule B thirty. This being
the case, it will easily be perceived that these numbers
are quite indeeendent of the question of what p articular
boroughs should be inserted in A and B ; and it was
not till the lists were finally made up (which, by the
hye, was not till the very day when 1 had the honour
of submitting them to the House), that it was dete,.
mined which were to he the ts 6 boroughs compo•ing
the double list contained in Schedules A and B. I must
say that I think this, upon the whole, was the fairest way
in which we could look at the subject : it was a mode es,-
tirely free from all suspicion of partiality, aA the number
of the boroughs being definitely fixed, it was clear that .11
that remained for us to do was to take each borough in its
turn until the whole was made up.—(Hear, hear.) It
is certainly true that the Reuse may adopt the suggestion
of the Hon. and Learned Gentleman, and sep irate sche-
dules A and B by a wider chasm ; but then this new
question will arise—which is the most proper chasm ? and
we shall, no doubt, have a strange variety of opinieus on
that subject, for I doubt not that ae decided a chasm may
he found between No. 60 and No. 70, as that which the
Hon. and Lea; ned Gentleman has pointed out between No.
Zeo and No 60. I think, therefore, tin these two points, that
we cannot do better than proceed on the assumption that
Lieutenant Drumniontre principle is correct according to
the best information that could be obtained ; and that as
the line ftt separation must he drawn somewhere, it is ad-
visable to retain the number of the original schedule A.
Mr. POLI.OOK explained.

Mr. D. GILBERT erid, that it appeared to him that
Lieutenant DI utl.rnonfr,t principle of calculation was the
most jedicioue that could be adopterL—(Heir, hear.)
Mr. WARBURTON said, that although it was true
that the Hon. and Learned Gent.emaii hid taken honours
at the University, he could nor hi 1p attaching inure weight
to the opinions of those eminent mathematicians mentioned
by the Noble Lord, than tie did to the opinions of the
Hot,. and Learned Gentleman on this subject.—(A laugh,
and hear, hear.) What he was chi fly afraie of was, that
they would examine this question too mathematically,
though at the same time he was quite ready to admit that
they ought to guitar! against running into ally absurdities
by going to the opposite extreme; though he doubted
whether anything could be proposed more absurd than the
cross inconsistency of corning to a decision neat two halves
were not equal to the whole, or that a hall was not to be
represented by a half, but by a quarter—(Hear, hear)—
and yet it was to such conclusions as these that the Hon.
and Learned Gentleman's hepothe-is would lead the Com.
mittee. The main question that Lieutenant Drummond
seemed to have considered w is, what amount of taxes may
be considered es equal to one house ; because it was na-
tut illy felt that the great difficulty was to tell how an equa-
tion was to be drawn hetwe n these two very different ma-
terials. The result of Lieutenant Drummotere calcula-
tions was, that one house was equal to 241. of taxes; and
this was a conclusion clime to alter taking the average of
one hundred boroughs.
Mr. CROKER hoped to satisfy the House that there
was a complete mistake in Lieutenant Drummo•id's cal-
culations.
The gentlemen on the other side, and parti-
cularly the Hon. Member for Bridport, had all mistak n
relation fur order. The object was not to find out the
relation of Boroughbridge to Aldborough, but which stood
higher or lower than the other. It was of no consequence
whether Bishops' Castle contained fewer or more houses
than Westhurv—of no consequence the relations of these
two boroughs, but of great consequence in what order
they stood. If they were to disfranchise eighty-six bo-
roughs, let them I.e placed in the order i.f their want of
importance. Let each borough sand on its own merits,
on the number of houses it contained, and the amount of
taxation it paid. On comparing the eighty-six boroughs
one with another, it would he found they did not stand
in the relation Lieutenant Drummond had assigned them.
Lieutenant Drummond, however, had tint made his cal.
rulations on these eighty-six boroughs, he had taken one
hundred ; he had taken fourteen more than was necessary.
By taking these fourteen boroughs, which had no
concern with the others, a change was made in the
I eel itive places of eighty-six boroughs, with which this
House had to deal. If the data were the same the re-
sults would be the same ; but he would state a curious
fact, to show that Lieutenant Di ummond's data being the
same, his result:. were different. Lieut. Drum, and began
by giving a het of 110 places, which was laid on the table
of the House before Christmas. The Noble Lord 'dated,
when the list was delivered, that a few places were doubtful,
but that Lieutenant Drummond would correct these places.
These few places Art re corrected, and what would the
House think of this indisputably good plan, when he stared,
that by this corrector' there was hardy a place which had
not changed, and which had kept its relative position ? By
the ciainges bOs con the first and the second list,
Lieutenant Drummond bail exten ed his first list to
100 boroughs; and the coueequence was, that en less than
48 changes were made in th- relative positions of the
d &ten, boroughs. By the first basis of the new Conan.
to ion there were 48 remarkable and acknowledged in-
sctiairzer.s)o lie meant f NtS,',Osutladtes:yott wbyeetthveh:ii,lil):l.ieJoriftinoefouti..,—;
boroughs, which the Gallant Officer, in the first instance, de-
dared to be of no importance whatever, a very considerable
alteration had been made in the relative value of the b rouehs.
Lieutenant Drummond had taken the number of houses,
and the amount if assessed taxes, and they bore the pro-
portion in this rise of 456 to 543, but by the addi ion of
the small boroughs, the proportion of houses was increased
to ass seed taxes.—( Hear, hear, hear.) That increased
properti. n of house., extended over the whole berouglis.
He would mention an th,.r curious fact. Lieutenant
Drunaireind, by the first h t placed the boroughs of Het.
stun and Clitheroe, in a different relation from the s rood ;
but in the second list, these two boroughs had changed
their places. Again, in 120 boroughs had been included
all the relations, which have been deranged again.--qor.
der) - The !loose might proceed tin tev.i plane. It might
take the order of taxation, or it might take the order in
which the boroughs stood by the number of hens, s and
taxation. That would show the order in which the
tiorouehe stood, which was all that was wanted.

Colonel DAVIES thought there were gnat and sin:!ular
discrepancies in the scale proposed. Dartmouth was
phewd iyclt in the scale, yet it had 407 houses, taken at
a rental of 101. per annum. Surely this was a highly re.
spectaL/e constituency. How carne it then to be placed
below others not rcualy respectable in the character of
their constituency ?'
.ho
e
the amount
thinga thli
to doo °urn' ite r
o;
Lord ALTHORP Paw no reasou why e.ri objection
thi led
numberhave b,• eon,houses
if
we modeaacmhairn e a
f x
h.
taxation paid there,
with the question, then it ti.uld never be so well apphrd
as by taking the s.:gregate of the houses in one place, and
contristint it with the sorelate of bolmes in the otheF

of the two places, which were canaldae,l in the grst.
stance as places nearly within the limit nf one schedule, ip
wi hout the limit of another, and proceeding to do the
same with the aggregate of tax ton paid on these places
respectively. Against such a mode of estimating or as-
certaining their r. spective values he had as yet heard no
solid argument advanced by the Hon. Member who had
last spoke ; nor did he think with him in such a case the
simpler the mode resorted to the better it must be, for this
was an estimate which, to be just, should he the result of
careful inference from various considerations.—(Hear,
Dear.) Any persen who looked to the schedule A, and
who at all admitted the propriety of the principle of dis-
franchisement, would there see that no place had been in-
serted which in fairness and in compliance with the piin-
ciples of disfranchisement, ought not to be disfranchised
As far as Helton or Amershatn were concerned, be
must confess lie was indifferent whether the one or the
other were in schedule A as they both well might be ;
and, indeed, he believed the only way to improve the
schedule A would be to give it a wider extent and ope-
ration, so as to give a fair chance of embracing all those
places in that schedule which ought to be in it. The
change alluded to as made in this Bill, as contrasted with
the last, arose from the circumstance, that in the last Bill
the office or duty as to fixing the limits of boroughs was
referred to Commissioners, but in the present case that
ilu,y was to be left with the House, which had to deter-
mine that which had in the former instance been referred
to the Commissioners.
Sir C. WETHERELL said there could be no doubt in

the mind of every thinking and reflecting roan that the
principle of the Noble Lord's Bill was too arbitrary, fluc-
tuating, and unsafe, to afford any satisfactory results upon
which that House could legislate.
Lord MILTON had paid the greatest attention to the
statement made, and the arguments so ably and inge-
niously drawn from that statement, supposing that state-
ment and th, assumpti”ns it con aimed to be true, by the
lion. and Learned Gentleman opposite (Mr. Pollock) ;
yet he confessed lie differed altoa,ether with him in the in-
ferences he had drawn as respected the vaine in the list of
the two boroughs of Westbury and Petersfield, because,
though he admitted the statement that Petersfieid had 27S
houses, and 5401. taxes, whilst Westbury had 536 houses,
and 1,78/. taxes, yet, in his mind, the inferior number of
houses in the one case depressed the borough lower than
the greater amount of taxes raised it in the scale.
Jr. STEVENSON defended the mode in which Lieut.
Drummond had drawn up the lists.
The question was then put, that Old Sarum, Wiltshire,
stand part of schedule A. The Ayes were loud ; the
Noes also distinctly uttered ; but, on the Chairman asking
would they oivide, a short pause ensu, d. He then de-
cided in the .ffirmative, without a division being called
for, and a laugo ensued.

The CHAIR.MAN then put the question separately, with
respect to each of the following boroughs, that it stand part
of schedule A, and the House decided in the affirmative :

Newton (Isle of Wight), St. Michael (Cornwall),
Gatton, Bi amber, Bossiney, Dunwich, Ameisliain, St.
11Iawe•, Beetakton, st Lone, St. Germans, Newport
(Cot nwall) B eel ingly, Aldborough (Yorkshire).
Mr. CHOKER had before stated that Aldborough and
Boroughbridge united were better entitl, d to representatives
than many other places ; but as he could not hope to
t,ring them above the number 56, he should decline to
press the House upon di- suoject.
It was then agreed to that each of the following places
stand part of schedwe A :
Camelford, 11,ndon. East Loop, Corfe Castle, Great
Bedwin, Yarmouth (Isle of Wight), Qdeenborough, Castle
Rising. East Grinstead, Htghain Ferrers, Wend::ver,
Weobly, Wincheisea, Tregony, Haslernere, Salta.h, Or-
ford (Suff .1k), Callington, Newtown (Lancashire), Ilene,
ter, Boroughbridge, Stockbridge, New R ,coney, Heilon
(Yorkshire), Ply mpton, Se:ford, Heyteabury, Steyning,
Woudct.urch, Wootton Bassett, Downton, Fowey,
borne Port, Aldeburgh (Suffolk)
_ .

Upon the questi n that Miriehead stand part of schedule A,
Mr. GOULBURN knew no reason why the whole
parish of Dimmer should tint be add d to Minehead, in
stead of counting those houses only which were actually
within Alinehead.

Lord J. RUSSELL said th it the parishioners of Donster
a ere not entitled ti, vote unless their !louses were within
the boundaries of the Imr-itigh of 3linehe td.

Mr. CROKER rem irked that the prrst-nt case showed
the evil of legislating lietbre the B uniiary Bill had passed.
ior he was sure that the Boundary Bill would create many
less b. roughs than those that now were destroyed.
It was then agreed that Bisboe's Castle and Okehamp-
ton stand put of schedule A.

[Yvon the.-question that Appleby stand part of schedule A,
On the question that the boiough of Appleby, West-
moreland, stand pact of schedule A,

Mr. CROKER trusted the Noble Lords oppo.ite would
not think it unteasoo,,ble if he proposed trey should stop
at Appleby. IL was unnrcessary that the additional in-
tormati a with respect to th it and the remaioing boroughs
in schedule A, which had that evening been laid upon the
table, should be examine.' before the Committee came to
any decision reverting them.

Lord ALTHoRP Ilniitied the understanding entered
into in the eadier part oh the evening ; but did Rot con-
ceive that the line between the disput d and undisputed
boroughs could he properly drawn at Appleby.
Mr. CROKER said that, as at present advised, he be-
lieved in his conscience he could make out a case which
would take Appleby out of schedule A.

Lo d ALThORP had no wish to press the further pro-
gress of the Commitrre that evening if serious'y ohjeeted to.
The House then resumed, the CHAIRMAN reported pro-
gress, and obtained leave to sit a-gain to-morrow.
SUB-LETTING ACT (IRELAND).
On the motion of Air. STANLEY the House resolved
itself into a Committee on the Bill for amending the Sub-
letting Act of Ireland.

Tie consideration of the preamble was postponed. On
the readit,g of the first elaume,
_ _

Mr. WALLACT. rose and addressed the Committee at
some leng li, but in so inaudible a voice as to be very im-
perfectly heard in the gallery. We understood hint to
object to the measure upon several grounds. First, be-
cause it would place a dangerous power in the hands of
the It ash landlords, by opening to them the means of oppres-
sien and fraud upon their tenantry; secondiy, because it
would deprive the Irish tenantry of certain valuatile com-
mon-law rights which were enjoyed by the tenantry of
England ; and, thirdly, a consequence arising from the
two first, because it would tend to create a difference and
severance between the two countries. The present sub-
letting laws of Ireland were admitted on all bands to tie
had enough, hut he conceived that the present measure if
adopted would prove to be infinitely more mischievous.
Hs entreated the Committee, therefore, to pause before it
permitted such a measure to pass into a law. He would
only say that the tate of the Bill depended on the present
clause, and if it should be carried, it would only act as an
additional motive for repealing the Union.
Mr. STANLEY admitted, with the lion. and Learned
Gentleman, that the chief question turned on the clause
before the Committee. He could not, however, see the
grounds on which lion. Members opposed the Bill with
such acrimony. According to the chief opponents of the
measure the pi inciple of it was good, but, on inquiry,
they would find that the new Bill was a mitigation of the
evils, or deleat of the former Bid. The principle of the
Bill was to protect the poor tenant from the persecution
of the middleman—to release him from the end.
less suits to which he was subjected, and put him
more under the protection of the common law of
the country. The lion. and Learned Gentleman said it
deprived, or tenth(' to deprive, the tenant of the common
hee But this he utterly denied It did not do away
with the common law—it did not prevent sub-letting ;
but it required teat when sub-le tees were made, they should
be specified in writing, so ttett each could understand the
na ure of the contract; and that unless they were drawn
lip in writing they should be null and void. Complaints
had been made that the peasantry were ejected by the Sub-
letting Act. He denied that they were ejected under that
Act. They were ejected by another lew, and the present
measure was introduced to 'mitigate the existing evils, to
itn nth being ilrirge.eb:ufTraosaste dbehi
bring
harassed
presenteytetn B7nntwoans
introduced
apbleovveenhtimth,eapnrdiorttoenpanrottefic.
fur the purpose of obviatin! such an evil. Its object, in
ke)7tenhti,m'andTthhelt
a-le the tenant to devise, but to devise only in writing,
shrr
fact, was to restore the power of the common law, to en- '
ruinousa
end that expressed in language which both parties could
understand. If he were to appeal to one authority more
htyi :n°
than another, he would appeal to the evidence of the Hon.
:lleraher for Kerry, who had stated before a Committee the
great el • vances which the subdivision of farms entailed.
on the peasantry of Leland.
Mr, LEADER was rather surprised at the argument
of the Right Gentlemm. if the new law u;as so
g„,i, why not make it also the law of Engl aid? The
Right Hon. Member contended that the principle of the
Bill was toe saute with that of the Sub-i. tting Act, and
that Hon. Members hail admitied that the principle of
that Bill was good. He must enter his protest against
,such an assertion. He was (mei!), opposed to the prin.
eiple. That Art wes passed when the country was in
prosperity,lrncti ised butbell" no sooner e the
t'
aidy sl
agricultural ufrl teeu rhallilderi,atrwesesrecodlilsie-
on, and the landlords found they i.ad nothing to look for-
ward fu from their small tellaßte at elections, theta they I

att about tte prettnit wSicii be war sorry to say, if
carried into effect, would entail great calamity on Ireland,
The subdivision of farms was a great bleafting for an in-
creasing acricultural population like that of Ireland.
Sir JOHN BURKE doubted that the law would work
so well as was expected, and particularly in those parts i.f
the country where subdivision was abs Mutely necessary, in
order to reclaim waste land. It was, therefore, his inten-
tion, in case of the second clause being carried, to move, as
an amendment, " that, in place of the word ' are,' there
be inserted the words' at any future time shall he.' "

Mr. LAMBERT should support the Bill, believing that
it would prove beneficial to the country.
After some suggestions offered by O'CONNOR DoN
relative to the details of the Bill,
Mr. JAMES GRATTAN said that several successive
Secretaries of Ireland had found the question a difficult
one, and he was apprehensive that the Right Hon. Gentle-
man who had introduced the present Bill would be disap-
pointed in his anticipations with respect to its results. He
thought it would be expedient to refer the question to a
Coro mittee.

Mr. JEPEISON and Mr. C. FISRGUSSON supported the
Bill generally.
Mr. RUTHVEN argued that the law was not called
for by the necessity of the rase.
Mr. HENRY GRA ITAN thought the Bill would not
effect the great object intended—via., prevent the minute
subletting of lands in Ireland. The Irish people, he slid,
had not called for the Bill, nstr was it popular among them.
Mr. WALKER thought that the subletting of land in
Ireland was a great evil, but still this Act was a decided
improvetnent upon the old one.

Mr. M. O'CONNELL said that the Bill was certainly
an improvement upon the •old Act ; but the Right Hon.
Gentleman (Mr. Stanley) had made a great naistake in
throwing out the middlemen, for the middlemen formed a
great portion of the resident gentry of Ireland.
Mr. 'WALLACE would place his name upon record, by
dividing the Committee, as having endeavoured to protect
the tenantry of Ireland from a Bill conferring such tyran-
nical powers upon the landlords.
The gallery was then cleared for a division, when there
appeared—
For the clause lll
Against it... lO
Majority -101

The clause was then agreed to.
Mr. M. O'CONNELL then moved that the Chaitrnin
should report progress, it being so late that it would be
inconvenient to continue the discuas'on.

Mr. STANLEY could not consent to postpone the
other clauses, for they had already been sufficiently dim-
cussed, and if they were postponed it would only lead to a
repetition of the discussion which had just taken plice.
The gallery was then cleared for a division, when there
appeared—
For Mr. M. O'Connell's motion 6
Noes 9B
MAjority against the motion —ce2
Alter some other clauses had been disposed of the House
resumed, and the report was ordered to be received on
Thursday n'xt.
The other orders of the day being gone through, the
House adjourned at Three o'clock.

THE REFORM BILL.

LIST OF THE MAJORITY

IN FAVOUR of the SPEAKER'S LEAVING the CHAIR,
• on GOING into COMMITTEE on SCHEDULE (A).

[The smallness of this Majority ought to be a warning to the
friends of Reform. The Opposition, who are always on the
alert, wer at their posts, and nearly caught the Reformers
napping. On so important a stage of the Bill the public had a
right to expect a better attendance of official persons.]
ENGLAND. Russell, Lieut..Col.-Tavistock
Adeane, H. J.-Cambridgesh. ISanford, F. A.-Somersetshire
Althorp, Vis.-Northamptonsh. Skipwith, Sir G.-Warwicksh.
Astley, Sir J. D.-Wiltshire Smith, Hon. R.-Wycombe
Atherley, A.-Southampton Smith, J.-Buckinghamshire
Bernal, R.-Rochester Smith, V.-Northampton
Blake, sir F.-Berwick Spencer, Hon. F.- Worcestersh.
Blount, E.-Steyning Stephenson, H. F.-Westbury
Brougham, J.-Winchilsea Strickland, G.-Yorkshire
Brougham, W. -Southwark Strutt, E.-Derby
Bunbury, S.r H. E.-Suffolk Stuart, Lord P. J.-CardiX
Byng, Sir John-Poole Thicknesse, R.-Wigan
Byng, G. S.-Milbourne Port Torrens, R.-Ashburton
Calvert, C.-Southwark I Venables, Ald.-London
Chichester, J. PAL-Barnstaple; Vernon, 0. J..-Derbyshire
Colborne, N. W. R.-ll,rsham Vernon,! G. 11.-East Retford
Crampton,P.C.-MilbournePort Wellesley, W. T. L.-Essex
Creevey, i .-Downton I Whitmore, W.-Bridgenorth
Davies, Colonel-Worcester Wilbraham, G.-Cheshire
Denison, W. J.-Surrey Williams, Sir J. H.-Carmarth.
Duncombe, T. S.-Hertford Willoughby,Sir IL-Yarmouth,
Ellice, E -Coventry i Isle of Wight
Evans, Col. De Lacy-Rye Winnington, Sir T. K-Droit-
Fergusson, Sir R.-Nottingham wich
I Godson, R.-St. Alban's Wood, J.-Preston
Grar.am, Sir.l. R. G.-Cumberl.l Wood, Alderman-London
Grosvenor, Earl-Chester Wrottesley, Sir J.--Statfurish.
Guise, Sir B. W.-Gloucestersh. SCOTLAND.
Handley. W. F.-Newark Campbell, W. E.-Argyllshire
Hawkins, J. H.-Tavistock Ferguson, R.-Dysart, ace.
Hudson, T.-Evesham
Johnstone, J. J. H.--Dumfries-
Ingitny, Sir W.-Lincolnshire Leirrtsrin „dil,t. C.-2,lllticdbright
Johnstone, Sir J.V.-Yorkshire
Jooes, J.-Carmarthen shire
Kemp, T. R.-ewes Mackenzie, J. A. S.-Ross-shire
King, E 8.-Warwick M‘Leorl, R.-Sutherlandshire
Knight, H. 0.-Maltt Ross IL-Aberdeen, &c.
Knight, R.-Wallingford Sincl'air, G. jun -Caithness sh
I.efevre, C. S.-Ham Stewart, Sir M. S.-Rentrewsh
S.-Hampshire ' ' . - .
.
Leigh, T. C.-Wallingford
Lemon, Sir C.-Cornwall IRELAND.
Lennox, Lord W.-King'sLynn Bellew, Sir i'.-Louth County
Lester, B. L.-Poole Blackney, W.-C.. of Carlow
Lumley, J. S.-Nottinghamsh. Bodkin, J. J.-Galway
Marryatt, J.-Sandwich Browne, J.-Co. of Mayo
Milbank, M -Camelford French, A.-Roscommon-Co.
Mills, J.-Rochester Jephson, C. D. 0.--Mallo-w
Milton, Visc.-Northamptonsh. Killeen, Lord-Co. of Meath
Morpeth, Viscount-Yorkshire Lambert, H.-Wexford Co.
Mostyn, E. M. L-Flintshi re Leader, N. P.-Kilkenny
Newark, Lord-East Retford Macnamara, W. N.-Clare Co.
Nowell, A.-Westmoreland Musgrave, Sir R.-Waterford Co.
Nugent, Lord-Aylesbury o', onnell, D.-Co. of Kerry
Ord, W.-Morpeth O'Connor Don-Roscom. Co.I
Owen, Sir J. B -Pembrokesh. O'Ferrallt IL M.-Co. of Kildare
Paget, T.-Leicester Ossory, Earl of-Kilkenny Co.
Palmer, C.-Bath Ponsonby, G.-Youghall
Pendarves, E. W. -Cornwall Power, R.-Waterford County
Ridley, Sir M. W.-Newcastle- Ruthven, F. S.-Downpatrick
upon-Tyne Shell, R. L-Co. of Louth
Robarts, A. W.-Maidstone Walker, C. A.-Wexford
Robinson, Sir G.-Northampton! White, S.-Co. of Leitrim
Russell, Lord J.-Devonshire I Wyse, T., jun.-Tipperary Co.

ROYAL ASSENT.

'Front the Votes and Proceedings of the House of Coinmuns.)
_ .

Luna, 200 die Februarii, 183'2.

Mr. Speaker reported the Royal assent—to Exchequer
Bills (12,000,0001 ) Bill—Pensions, &c. Duties Bill—.
Transfer of Aids Bill—Cholera Prevention (England)
Bill—Cholera Prevention (Scotland) Bill—Sacram• ntai
Test (Ireland) Bill—Contagious Diseases (Ireland) Bill—
Dublin County As-esstnents B ll—Liverpool Marine Ai
surance Company Bill—Norwich and Lowestoft Naviga-
tion Bill—Asliford and Tideswell Road Bill—llardingston
and Old Stratford Road Bill—lpswich Road Bill—Bir-
,ningbam and Wednesbury Road Bill—Nlanerowen (Pem-
broke) Inet.sure Bill—Aston Rowant (Oxford) Inclosure
Bill—Pasteur's Naturalist ition

PARLIAMENTARY PAPERS.

PARLIAMENTARY REPRESENTATION.

SUPPLEMENTARY ACCOUNT of the POPULATION, of
the INHABITED HOUSES, and of the Amount of ASSESSED
TAXES, in the several COUNTIES of ENGLAND enume-
rated in SCHEDULE (F) of the REFORM BILL, in the Year
ending April, IK3I.

Inhabited
Population Houses. Assessed Taxes
