POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION-HOUSE.—Yesterday Captain Phillip., of the
ship London, which trades to Batavia, was brought before the
Loan AlAvoit *upon a warrant, charging him With having com-
mitted various assaults upon a mulatto named Wm. Tyson.
The complainant stated, that he went out with the defend-
ant as steward of the ship. When they arrived at Batavia,
the cook and four hands were put on shore. The Captain or-
dered the witness to cook, but he objected, as it was not in
his articles of agreement that he should' perform work- of that
nature. The Captain, upon this, swore lie would get down his
throat, and gallop his inside out.' He then beat the complain-
ant three or Tour times. The complainant thezi related a series,
of ill usage, which, if it had been substantiated, would have
proved the Captain to have been a brutal a iriaa as any in the
navy. The Loan NAvon told the complainant that he might, if
he thought proper, indict the Captain at the Admiralty Sessions.
GUILDHALL—Mr. Chas. Lund, once a respectable mer-
chant in Austin Friars, was brought before the sitting Alderman,
yesterday, charged with having intruded hinisdf into the dwelling-
house of-Mr. Richard Davis, in Noble-street, Cheapside, and
there making sueh a disturbance as drew a crliwd of people round
the door.
This:3lr. Charles Lund is one of those social souls who hold.

•
that "true joy is drinking ;" and nunc tempue est bibendum has
been his constant motto "from night till morn, from morn till
dewy eve,"—always nunc tempuo est bibcndum. When he was
a merchant he sang, " Flow thou regal purple stream," until
he became a jobbing accountant ; and when he was a jobbing ac-
countant, he sang " and swore there was nothing like grog," un-
til he .became little better than a pauper; and now he is little
better than a pauper, blue ruin and heavy wet is the theme of his
sung; and with them he has gone on moistening his clay until it
quakes like a quagmire, and he is become a sort of moving bog.
During the last two or three years he has been placed at the bar
of this office some forty or fifty times for beating his wife, be-,
cause she has presumed to remonstrate against his excessive, biba-
eiousness ; but being blest with the " gift of the gab," he has
always contrived to wheedle her into " trying him once more.",
On the present occasion he went into the warehouse of Mr.
Davis, in Noble-street, tottering and hiccuping, Under the influente
of gin, at ten o'clock in the morning, and, seating himself upon a
stool, he said to Mr. Davis, " Don't you know me ?—Eh! don't
you know me ?" " No," replied Mr. Davis, "I do not;"—for,
though he did know something of his former respectability, and
had several times relieved his necessities when he happened to be
sober, he did not cause to know him when drunk. " Well," re-
joined Mr. Lund, ".1 um a gentleman of classical education—
(hiccup)—and I want something or other—can't you give me
something ?" Mr. Davis replied that he could not; but Mr.
Lund was determined he would have smoothing ; and became'so
troublesome that, after enduring his troublesomeness for more than
a quarter of an hour, Mr. Davis took him by the arm and led him
into the street ; where he became so'abusive that a crowd'of people
gathered round the door, and ut length Mr. Davis gave him in
charge to a constable, who broUght him before the Alderman.
" Well, Mr. Lund," said Mr. Alderman LUCAS, a you
make your appearance here pretty regularly;—what have you to
say now ?"

Why, I have little or nothing to say, Sir," replied Mr.
Lund—who by this time had become tolerably sober, I have
nothing to say but that I throw myself entirely under your mer,.
ciful consideration. There has been nothing much. the matter ;
and I appeal to Mr. Davis whether, when I had to call upon
him for the settlement of an account, I did not show him all the
kindness and accommodation which it was possible for one Man
to show to another ?"
•
" Nonsense, wan ,replied Mr. Davis, ,very angrily ; " you
came once With an account, as a xpiieetor for some person, and I
paid it the'moment you demanded it." , • - . ,
" Well, but, my dear Sirit' rejoined Mr. Lund ; 6, there are
different modes of denianding an account—and I appeal to you,
whether my mode was not kindness itself?" •
Mr. Davis made no' reply, and Mr. Lund proceeded to propi,
Hato the.Aldettnan,._,s YOur Worship' is
,itivarti," said he, " of
my classical attainments, and you know how incompatible are
classical attainments with a state of extreme poverty. I beseech
you let that plead my excuse—let me hope teat you will extend to
me the seine merciful, and' gentlemanly consideration, for which
every bodY'speaks of you so highly."
" This is all very fine, Mr. Lund," said the Alderman; '"sett
it will not do for me. It is my duty to preserve the peace, and I
shall deal with you as P would with the most illit&ate person
under the Mlle circumstances. The dassieal attainments of
which you boast ought to teach you to behave. like a optimum,
but you are a public nuisance; and you must find sureties for
your better behaviour in future ;—I shall hold you in custody
until you do."

" 'then," said Mr. Lund, very pathetically, " I have nothing
left for it but 'to throw myself into a solitary prison !" and so
saying, he was locked up.
Blurton, aged 27, was charged by
Mr. Dawson, of Sloane-street, aged 60, with an assault. Mr.
D. stated, that on Tuesday evening he was entering the Pit of
Covent Garden Theatre, ivith a female then by hie wide, when
she Cemplained to him that a man was behaving with great rude;
ness to her, and immediately the same man gavelier a violent push;
by which part of the admission money was foreedsfrom her hand.
She stooped to pick it up, when the defendant put his arm across
her neck, and pushed her aside, at the same time milling her a
woman of the town. This irritated complainant, who, forget-
ting the disparity of age, seised him by theisiller, and a strug-
gle ensued,? which defendant gave him' a blow in the mouth,
and he in consequence. gave him in charge of i'cOnstahle. , The
female confirmed this testimony, with the 'exception that she
did not hear the words. which followt4l thel'ittpression, ." This
woman." Mr. D, however was positive they Were "of the
town." Thu Lieutenant said he was conducting three :fenude
relatives tit) the Pit, when their ears were.asaailed by language
the most obacane and disgusting from this woman (this both Mr.
D. and the female positively denied,, the latter declaring she
never in her life used an expression that a delicate female need he '
ashamed of.) The Lieutenant, however, . persisted in the truth
of his observation, and added, that in consequence, one of his
relations begged him to prevent her from coming in contact with
" that woman," when lie certainly put his arm across, and
got his party past her.. Mr. P. then rushed upon him and he re-
treated, in order to prevent coming in contact with a man of his
advanced age, but it was of no use, and at length he was com-
pelled to act offensively as well es defensively. •
.Sir R. Birnie
said, there appeare4 to Imre been a great deal of irritation, as well
as assault, on both sides, lie should therefore hold neither of them
to bail, ,but leave them to their remedy at the Sessions.—Case
dismissed.

MARY-LE-BONNE. AIWA tr Sr4vE air. —.Andrew Done-
lan, a master sweep, was , charged with "taking a: child, of the
name
of William John White, as an apprentice, being under the
age, of eight years, contrary to the statute. .
Mrs. Brown, of Somers Town, stated that she Was the grand-
mother of the boy, who Was only seven years orate. , The hoy's
motherwas tnarried to a second husband, a private soldier; of the
name of Bates. She had seven children by the first husband.
jute,' regiment Was ordered to the East Indiesahout three months
since. The Wife accompanied hint, and took four of the children
with her, and left the remaining three after her; brie of whom;
John White, she hound to Andrew Donelan, a toaster
sweep; who gave her N. as a consideration for 'the service of the
boyD'onelan came forward with, five of his apprentices, with Well-'
washed faces, and who Were neatly dressed in blue cloth jackets
and trowsers, aed white beaver hats.. White stiveared to be the

youngest. He was called up by Mr. Rawlinson, who put sot
questions to him respecting the treatment which he rect,iveil, a
from his answers it appeared he was as well treated as any you
sweep could expect. _ _

Raww-isol; observed, that by the Act of Parliama
any master sweep who should take a child under eight year,
age, as an apprentice, incurred a penalty of ten pounds) and I
less than five pounds.

Donelan handed an, agreement to the 11Iagistrate; purpordl
be made between himself and the boy's mother, in. January be
by which she agreed to bind the child for eight years, and echo
ledging the receipt of 51. from Donelan.
Mr. Rawunsott said it appeared. that the 51. was paid to tl
mother as the purchase money for the child, and that she swot
to place more value on the money than on the boy. It wa'
species of slavery that was disgraceful, and was only equal to tl
traffic in negroes.
Mandan contended that the 51. was given to the mother es
consideration for giving up her business (in his own line) to hin
Mr. GIUMTH said that in most cases the fee came from tl
parent of the child, and not from the master. The matter looks
very suspicious on the-part of Donelan, and it appeared to be
regular bargain and sale on the flee of the agreement.
Mr. RawLtwsox said that Donelan appeared quite indignant:
the charge on a former occasion, and indeed was most nog!'
ficent in his language. Without taking the question of tl
bargain and sale into consideration, be should convict Donelan
the full penaly of 101. for taking the child as an apprentice, heir'
under eight years of age, and should hand the boy over to bi
grandmother, Mrs. Brown, to be taken care of.
Donelan became clamorous, and said that Mrs. *rown
ed to keep the boy at the same business for her own emollosat
Mrs. Brown denied this, as she only wanted to have the boy'
' cated, and put to some more respectable business.
Mr. R.twuwsox said he would prevent Mrs. Brown (Wl'
keeping the boy at the same business, and ordered her to !girl
the-boy to that office before him, once in every three month
commencing the first Monday in July. Ile had no doubt WI
Donelan was more indulgent than the generality of toaster
but the penalty should be enforced.

MEETINGS OF :CREDITORS.

LONDON DIARY, MONDAY, MAY 16.
At the Court of Commissiuriere.

A. U. Meredith, Portsmouth, Southampton, at 12. •
. and J. BrenchltY) sea. and jun., Milton, Grareient ice 4
_ _

at 12.
W. Oliver, Hamilton-place, Battle Bridge, at 11.
J. Reynolds, Bread-atreet-bill, London, at 1.
P. Elen, Woburn, Bedford, at 12.
W. Banlon, York, at 12.
J. Hawke* Old Jewry, London, at 1.
W. Halliwell, Banhill-row, Middlesex, at 12.

,

COUNTRY DIARY, MONDAY, MAY 15.
R. Greenwood, Dewsbury, York, at the Sessions House,
Ir.'
field, at 10. •
J. Hammerton, Wakefield, York, at the Sessions Howse, Wake-
field, at 10.
11. Resew, Liverpool, at Messrs. Ovred and Co.'s °filo, Liver'
pool, at 1. le
G.' Hoy, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, at the George Inn, Newcastle,
at 11.
T. Parkinson, Preston, Lancaster, at Messrs. Winstanley nil CQ

Office, at 10. ,
A. Marmioa and R. Carr, Preston, Lancaster, at
Inn, Liverpool, at 11.
'fart Ina,
T. and J. Jellyman, Downton, Wilts, -at the White
Salisbury, at 12.
I at I.
J. Copeland, Shelton, Stafford, at the George Inn, Liverl)°' 'O,
W. Willement, Colchester, Essex, at the Swap Inn, MaPc '
at 4.
'fort,
the Goldeo Lion

J. Ingham, Bradford, York, at Bayne's Coffee-hour,
at I I.
J. Morgan, jun., and J. Aitchison, jun., 'Br tol, 'at the SW's'
Inn, Bristol, at 2.
J. Cox, aud B. Wills, Nottingham, at tho Lion !lota,
Is'ottiat
ham, at 11. e . ,
Cund, slinton, Salop, at the Fox Inn, Shrewsbury, at 11.

all sorts; distinguishing each sort,
snlBo unported Into G. ,
75 1800 to Janual.
Britain in etteliyear, from J
an ue ry , f,
GRAii4.l.-An Account of the ivantity o f grainre°;
5,1828; from the pints of the Block Sed :---,
Ivo'
_.t'
1819..-Peas,'3 qrs: 4' bus. ; Rye, 1,594 qrs. I hue.;
--
.-Indian Corn,
12,104 qrs. 2 bus.—Total, 13,701 qrs. 7 bus. ,
~ bo ;
• ls,efl.--Bar/ey 2,527 qrs. 1 bus. ; Dean* 8 crl• ",. 0,
Oat', 14t 5 ii' p 514 qrs. S bee. Rye, 1,48 i 9
qrs. ps, ; Peas, 125 282 qrs. 5 bus.
3 bus' ; 'neat, 20,685 qrs. 8 bu'•-"Tota ,
qrs.—Total,
1821.—Peaa, 57qrs. 5 bus.; Wheat, 11,455 qrs. 1
11,512 qrs. 5 bu.• wheat, 3,180 go'"--.
i 822
Total, 3,392 gm 6 bus.
1825.—Wheat, 1,751 qrs. 4 bus. .
1826..—Wheat, 079
qrs. 5 bus. . ' ' unshed
Note.—The imports froin'the Black Sea were not distgstoni.
in the returns made to the Inspector-Generars-office, „opt
houie, prior to the sth of January, 1817; the foregoing a'
cannot, therefore, be carried back to an earlier. period.
212 qrs. 6 bus. ;
, •
---nd tea-
A hen was
lately set upon thirteeen eggs, a alio,
teemdui beautiful chicks were batched two days before the ters
der,
_,,,
tion of the three weeks; hot the most singular part
ing the the tiny e of ineabation„ the hen laid two additional, egg'
whieh brought forth two Additional birds at the sa.,Pe " '
Mill Advertiser.
h
ROBBERY! I‘IIDNIGIIT ROBBERY ! !-- T-°ltgh
e die.
We have had occasion of late to remark ufteuer than once oP°- lice
robberies in Dumfries, and the apparent inefficiency of our Pero
in their endeavours to detect the offenders, we believed the l' lie
of the landward, part of the country to be as good es lb° bit
neighbours,. until A IWO tittle ago, that we heard lAA res Pet he
fatly, in a small village not 100 miles distant, who was likelY :Al.
deprived of her all, by. the undiscoverable agency of °mei' use
night marauders, against whose depredations, bolts, bar* fil-- u•ere
stauneheons gave no security. Her doors and window!,,.
firmly secured, but something was Almelo be off in the more
on several occasions she kept' watch. herself during the ~,(1113,be
nights of winter; and ninny a sleepless . hour to boot thu.., to,
pass in bed, in the hope of .detecting her nocturnal " Ite ~
but in vain. Trinkets; gold pins, sovereigns, bank cheelrb end
th&c. disappeared by degrees, however carefully locked ,7041; t°
e bins poor lady was in despair hut she should be 0P" 10
have recourse to the Poore box, and die a begge She OP .„,t
r. ode,
to the Rank, but they could give her no money, till silo ri; ~. io
the voucher; she stated her lamentablet
case the autleetttlo
the neighbourhood, for there are no BOilfeso in her to"' tied
they foe, alai! however willing to afford the mid of ther'j her
power to a forlorn and unprotected female in the recover); ° with
property, could only under present circumstances conde'eo'cio°
her on her misfortunes. .She. could not even ron°t.,.ll'.ieg
against any of her neighbours, otherwise she was assereoa:- 4pri
immediately provided with a. warrant .to search for 'r'
goods. Thus matters went on, till last week, when ""Ve-,, high.
some old lumber, which had remained untouched for Per''',,,l'aeare,
a century, she diaeovered not only the whole of. her torwr-, ot,ot
but a numerous family of large f011.:gro , .RATS I -.,,,,- 'ri
only add that as the thieves consented - Ili" • P°'-4.41°'
to leer resuming vo,
of the stolen property,
she declines prosecutingthent.--
fries Journal. ' ' - . . '

(.:0414 AIA HVE. MAY
Adair's, 31s—Benumot, thLs 6d—it:Ring
lywell, 32s 6d—Pontop d •or, /11$--Tanlield.Pw:ip 04".'
—T°wnle-Y• 3"' II
Walls- End Boddie ntd 4 0.; 37,, 9:l Walls Ell" Er6l
34+—Walls Ent! Woorltiitlo,3fls R I', lietton',%l 4` ‘2?.'
33% Iftt.—shii. t et, ••,,Id. 11

at Kensington, the laly of R.

.On the 4th.irst.,
Esq. of a daugl:tr.

MA kW E 1). ll
On NVedresday, the 10tii ni.c , at flat ylebone Om% Arica
Gthce.oßerg ivn.a 'lit. c'ildne.i.Pt daughter t ei
Fearse. E. of Markham, in the c '''•'' i, ~,,,,c r""..,1 t 7.
minty di' -I, ,i„ ,TA•
for Carnarlonoiire. , , ,„.nvel•
On %Vail:K.l;day, the 10th inst, St :Ft. George% I":ifeurt
square, by the Itev, Bryant nargess, Alexander litivo,
F'q• to 411"'. st‘Plkm, widow of the late S.?it2l)/1
rtrti)cfe::::Bllrom:l;.;lciVileihriatr:,s,7ll%°::)ftrti't

DIED. widow
On the Ist inst., at Mixt/in 'Ors. Hannah Ilughest., rep
of the Irate Unchain, '
On' Tunday, tr, cs, ~outr, •
vett 113. 111
the
On Tucklay, the ipst , I
. Bp:, ill
year of hi. age, Daniii Slade,
On the thlth 111%; in dr: ouch rrinCe, the lion.,
!Nimble .Ihores" yourige4t son of Teigatooutli.
.I,o^
the wife of .lioneti Montgomery, 1i,;,:1:22/...21r42....0111.•
the 9:11 inst., in 3,,ich year of her, Age:

Printed and. Publi4lied by 11i. YOUNG, It -146° 16141
No- 11e. Straud.. , vt.filfoo'
