FUSNCH CAPERS.

Pdinis,'„nee.tt.

CITA:MIER OP l'itOS, otc. In.
A Peer submitted to the,Chomber a proposal to
supplicate the King to lay helove the Chamber a
)4Ojeet 01 law relative to tlie reSponsi')ili,ty of 41i•
-tasters. The Cbanther ugretd to take the pro-

positi into con%iiieration.
CIiANIIIER OF DEPUTIES, Mc. to.

.The Bureaux oecupicti therwilves with the pro-
jects relative to the liberty of intlividitAls. There
trill bi'oti Thursday, at one &dock, tt pwhiic bit •
tiny;, to receive n caminunientiuu Of Alitti,rer*
in
the name of the King.
DEte: t 1...-the '(liffert,tit Ooriliniosions continued
their labnurs. The Chamber 'will hear to-ntorri)tiv
the repot t of the (.4otnntission on ,Petitions.

•
• A ,Royal Ordinance of yesterday's date (tired%
11114 the exemption [rout duties granted to grain
limo • be extended to rice,• which shall be
brought into the kingdom either hyi seat or land.
The bounty granted 9n the importation of wheat,
barley, amt rye, is extended to maize, lii coast!.
trieure there will he" paid oa that sort of grain.
corolog from abroad, a• bounty of. 3 fi aims per
metrical quintal, . , •
he. Committee on the, budget in the Chamber
of Deputies bast it it said, totaalmously k,sented
to the creatiuu of the Obis, millit!ns of annuities
'propocri by the Minister of riitatiee, - •
It is affirmed also, that the Committee of the.
Chamber eltarg.:.ll With the examination of the, aw
on elections has approved of it, with the :excep-
. thin of, a few modifieatfruss, whie)l.du hot affect
the, substance of the law,
The King has ordered the proseention of some
woiks io the park of Vrr.salth,-5,., which will em-
' ploy, during wiatet, itid,poor 4:thiasrers. lle
has also gr4atell 800,0 tr, tn.: eiOloyeri in cleails-
lug the interior ot that town:.'
• The sculptor Canova is 'at resent -employed at
Ittitue on three busts, with which the Italy Father
- Meaas to petiott Lord Ca*tlereitKa, the Duke of
~Veilitit„tot►, ;end her. niniltna, t,he Under Secre,
...tary. of State of the Znglish Ministry. , It is well
kttOlett that these ;Wee persontmost materially
Contributed to- the restoration of the 'at ticles -of

art to the Pope. • •:•
The Mail° of Rome saysei.if: ft 'avail with ex.
'creme surprise that, on theldlilds November, We
ow the hills of Algido owl Tooninto-coveted
nit!' snirN mite flakes (alit evert h Itrinte.
in our einutie, is au extfaritdittary phittoatei)On
in the middle of Noeclobee,..
ViScootst Clustemitbriattil has just ptiblisherl the.
speech and proposition width he delivered to the
chamher of Peers ott the subject of the last elec.
In an adsertisement, NI. de Chateattbriand
stateS, that ter: went on the 211 instant to correct
the proofs et Ditto's, the printer 1 that be found
Vim pinch alarmed the theme that haul been
held out to him.; anti thar,lll order not to expose.
hint to nerseclttionf„Jtewitinfrew_lllcpr9Y,slteyt.s.
jug to comprontke M. le Normant, he was under
the necoisity of resorting to Dentts. M. de
Chateattbriand complains' loudly of this, asking,
" Where ate weiWhat have we to expect ? What
'loss haltened to me to“lay may happen to any
other Peer or Deputy to-morrow." Bot after all,
what has happeoeti Is not the pamphlet in a
4tourse of *ale'? What signifies it, whether it was
printed by Didot or newt; ? The. public are not
,• deprived 4f,it r tlaishs decisive.:—(Jour. de Paris.)
CAMSHAY , DISC. &—ltt Ap,ril lasts violent con-
occasioned by 14. 0014 .forge heinnitig
to one of the Corps of the Eriiiissfi army, destroyed.
houses in the commune', of
,Vitinaine Notre-
Dante, noir this city. At thertlitest of the Duke of
'Wellington, the English government has afford..el
succour to the victims of this unfortunate event,
Pod a slim of 19,91.?, fr. has been paid to them in
various proportions according to their losses. The
officeta hall previously atfordeol them some
oid.„ •
613.140 A Nov. 30 .L..ll.ertr-Alitniral Penrose has
written to the English. Con.til at Genoa, a letter
elided Malta, Nov. 7,' on hoird the Albion, in
'which he informs hint, that 'tiner, the
.glorions
victory of Lord Exmouth over the Algerines, he
had sent dispateht-s to • the floversinteots of 'l4ri•
poll and Tools, communicating tit them the re*,
cent etents, and proposing .to them at the carne
COW to conform to the known wishes of the Prince
:itegcut„ and voltuttorily to accept th'e ti.stne,eon•-•
sbtionri which the Algerioes had been compelled
to accept. ...lite eonserpteneei of Oaf intimation
lots been the prompt deliverance of all rite Chris-
tonv douluell h slavery in these two States.—
"bits there no longer 'remain 'its Barbary any
cheitufsio, hot those who choose' to remain there.
The Admiral adds, that the chiefs of these two,
.Staten' are perfectly ready to make peace with all
•ilte Powers with whom they are at present en.
gaged In hostilities.
Roma, Nov. 23..--We learn front Florence that
Madame 'Ney, the widow of the Marshal, has
taken up her togitlence with All lice family,
and 1.11,,t the French Minister, the Chevalier tie
Vernegnes, had declared that lie took her under
his special protection. This is a new proof 'of
the generosity of Louis XVIII., who tuts no wish
to loutish Alatlame Ncy and lier.ellildrett,for the
crime of the Marshal. • -
1114111t1r), N'br: 28.--Otir:,forejgn trade expert.'
••
corms a agont which brakes ,ttkelf felt in this
capital,. the venire of all relatinfts. hence re.
sultlt a Very realtirkilble Want of ready money , not
that there is not hoarded' in the Peninsula a mass
wore than sufficient for all'its wants, hot that
ig iiiirrrOillictire %%lien there is no lonoca An active

A I the rumours of an amnesty to t/te expatriat.
lave died a Wiry.
Itome, Nov. 2-3.,—r,stretct front a, private Leiter,
14 The Consulie have received 4.tletrer from the,
Secretari.tt of klealth at 4idtuj. dared the 4th nt
November , announcing that a, vessel which !di,
Tripoli on (be 2,i, has give!t theklllovoing pardon-
lyrs t—Oo the 20dt of Oetober,a Turkish ship
left Constantinople whit 28 passengers -and 31

atalors, Wm.! atriveil at tr,pril:y, the I;lagitt was on,
board, and ,trotti the 29th to the :;I.‘t, pitrsnns
died, and sevett others fell sick. The:l-)e,Y fefo-ctetl'
them to *paratttine, andult6y evert.- oh-
liKerl to dcpart. The port* the Nlediterrane.o;
are warne,l to bold themsetves on their 'guard on
ibis oceasion, •
M. )3resi,dovernor of Prositione, is reCalle'd
for not having takint;.the necessary precatttion,-
try titeastit es 'in di',,hantiing the turps of Shirres:
(Volice ()tfieers), Many of these',Oten; have en
tered into the Iterviee of NaPlei:. yof,
ft 11fRtiOg with ti), c'4,llC IS Stlll“lttliteti fOr.(1,10 Of
impria~tl►utr, t, art the mode of pititishoteitt is he:
eome tin frequent tl(e streets of this capitztl, that
the pnblie view it witli the grem.ey. indifference.
*"Try speak of a projeci to bring hack all the refl.•
giousprders into' four.gt'attti tnounitic 11i14a, aml to
commute the. es hole into the ptimitiee regulations,
W expert a solemn notificatitm of the grand meet.
stire. Tlik reform will contribute notch 'to the
splendour of the Church, and he hurtful to sonic
of the minor interestis l‘latty remonstrances have
been' made in favour of the poorer orders:
I.;'RENcti. FuNi)A,
5 tier Critti .55 f. 30c.
11,i.ith :Ic:thous
