ing to•pass:them. 'rise imposing attitude of our
invincible phalanxes, the devrition and ardour of
all the male inhabitants contained in our provinces
of the Rhine, has been sufficient to restrain. their
audacity, and dissipate their foolish- hopes. But
the danger is nut passed. Thisgenerous move
ment must be communicated' to all part's of
France ; the tire of patriotism must animate all
souls. When the theatre of war, was still 'far front
our country,. when the cannon thtindered oily on
a foreign land, we might quietly contemplate these
terrible spurts of Mars---we might lull ourselves in
a pleasing security. But now it is no longer time
to slumber ; we must no longer talk--,we must
act—we must shew ourselves worthy of those
morable and difficult periods when the liberty of
France was in 'danger.'
When the enemy was posted, 20 years'ago, in
the plains of Champaign, and threatened us with
impending destructiOn, all France, indignant,
arose spontaneously, and the enemy retired preci-
pitately to his frontiers ; and for whom Was this
movement made ? What had we to hope for on
returning to our homes ?—.lluarchy, and all, its
(;,orders awaited .us,.

Vet France preferred honour to every danger.
She chose rather to fall into the' chains of her
domestic tyrants, than into those of strangers.—
She submitted to the fury of anarchy rather than
to the shame of servitude ; anti now that all parts
of the social. order are reconstituted ; now that
the enemy can only bring us slavery or anarchy,
shall we. not fly to the combat—shall we not be,
ready 'to: make the greateit sacrifices I ;
• Who can sutler himself to be seduced by iusi-
diDUS promises—by vain ;Ind fallacious proclama-
tious.? The enemy boasts the'discipline of his ar-
mies, and his principles of moderation and•disin-
terestedness. Can you believe, that should he
penetrate into our provinces, he will long retain
his pretended discipline, or keep his promises ? •
Certainly the conquest of so .many flourishing
cities, of so many rich countries,cannot be achiev-
ed ‘yithollt fighting, and then to what an excess of
disorder will not our country be,given up ? What
.plundering, what slaughter, what conflagration !
Let us imagine for a moment the enemyat oitr•
gates. See the women trembling, distracted,
flying ; the old mon, young virgins, and children
obliged to quit their paternal roof, carrying with
them sonic melancholy remains of their for-
tune, seeking in 'the depth of the woods, in the
most impenetrable retreats, an asylum froM the
furies of the soldiery.
Alt ! what discipline can you expect from those
hordes of Cossacks who have no' pay but what
they can carry off front the inhabitants of cities
and the country ; evha, strangers to civilization,
to arts, sciences, and letters, cats esteem nothing
which we esteem, respect nothing which We re-
spect ; they have burned...the own habitations ;
can you suppose it will 'cost them much to burn,
yours ?.
• Let us recollect, tatat the Army of the Allies is
only an Army in the pay of England ; that the
Coalesced Powers arc only the blind instruments
of a boundless ambition, 011(1 implacable. hatred
against France. What good intention., *hat fa-
vourable sentiment can we expect from 'the Ca-'
binet of London During ten years we have been
((''prey' to. all the horrors of the Toculution, to all,.
the scourges of civil discord. Certainly, if Eng-.
land had wished to stifle the monster anarchy.,
how often might it have found the opportunity.
r
.But far from wishing to restore us to repose, it
is our repose which she dreads ; it is our power,
our glory, our industry, our, arts, which she
wishes to annihilate. To reign alone .oiTer the
whole world, to tender all 'nations tributary to
her merchants, is the only object of her ambition
—the constant aim of all her efforts, of all her
intrigues, all her inconceivable profusion. She
wishes,, at any price, to deliver herself from a ri-
valry which distresses her. 'What a triumph, what
joy would it he to her, if she could ever flatter
herself with being able to ethic i the ruin of France,
to destroy her fleets, to annihilatelier.commered,
to divide her provinces. The ruin of France
would be the 'common ruin•ot the world. ,
gate France,: and the enslaving of the imiverse is
completed.
Anti can we deliver ourselves to such reflections
with shuddering ? Will ,not every hand be armed
to ward off such a
,calamity ? Ah 1 let us- not imi-
tate those Athenians, who, devoted entirely to
their pleasures and. to indolence, were solely Oc-
cupied by the, sports of the Theatre, and some fri-
volous tales, when Philip was at their gates ; but,.
let us reinember,• that to preserve the laurels of
Apollo, we must must gather the palms of Mars.
FuE.Ncit FUNDS:—Nov ..39, 55 franks 90 cents. H
