ARRANGEMENTS FOK THE WEEK.

TIIIB EVENING.—The King's visit to Covent Garden
Theatre ; Countess of Sefton's fete, Arlington-street; Countess
Of Jersey's rout, Berkeley-square ; Mrs. Bowden's ball,
Grosvenor-place ; Earl of Whitworth and Duchess of Dorsat's
dinner party, Grosvencr-square.
•To-monnow.—Lady Arundel's tall, Dover-street; Lady
Harrington's rout, Berkeley-square ; Lady Pole's ball, Upper
Harley-street ; Mrs. Scott's rout, Hill-street ; La .ty Grantham's
juvenile hall, St. James's-square. '
WEDNESDAY.—The King's visit to Drury-lane Theatre;
Amaek's Grand Ball ; Earl of Fortescue's Grand Dinner to
the Directors of Ancient Music, Grosvenor-square ; Earl and
Countess of Arran's party, Dover-street; Grand Fancy Dress
Ball, for the encouragement of the Manufacturers of the United
Kinr:dom Venetian Carnival, English Opera-house.
ISWRSDAY.—Prince 'Leopold's Assembly, Marlborough
HOusc• ' • Duke of Devonshire's Ball, Devonshire House, Picca-
dilly ; Count and Countess Lieven's Festivities, Harley-street;
Mrs. ughes's Ball, South Audley-street ; Mr. Elton's Ball,
HarloytStreet.
FRIDAY.—Sir Walter Stirling's Ball, Pall-mall; Mrs.
Blake's Ball, Portland-place; Argyle Assemblies.
SAT uitn.BY..---Marchioncss of Londonderry's party after the
Opera,; Lord and Lady W..Betitiack's party, Park-lane; Mr.
and Mrs. Hope's party, ManSfidd-street. •
SuNDir.—,-Nal-chiOness of Salisbury's Convcrsazzione.
FASHIONABLE PARTIES.

Mns. TiiouPsoN's CoNcEnT.—The above Lady opened
her splendid mansion in Grosvenor-square on Friday evening
with a Concert .of Vocal' and Instrumental Music; at which
assisted Madame Camporese and. the CORP:3 OPE RAT IQUE.
The conservatory was fitted up as-a. Turkish tent. The 4 draw-
ing-rooms arc now enriched by all the splendour of Jinodern de-
coration. The party broke -.lp at three o'clock.
Colonel and Lady C.. Strutt entertained the Ladies Lenox
-and a party of distinction, on Saturday, at their house in Great
Cumberland-place.
The Marchioness of Londonderry entertained a large party
of distinguished fashiOnables on Saturday after the Opera, at
her house in St. James's-square.
The Duke of Norfolk entertained a party of his distinguished
friends to dinner yesterday, at his house in 'St:. James's-square.
The Earl and Countess of Elesinton had a rib= party yes-
terday, at their holm in St. James's-square.
-The Marquess and Marchioness of Salisbury entertained a
party of distinction to dinner yesterday, at their house in Ar-
lington-street.
Lady Hyde Parker entertained a large party of fashionables
yesterday evening, at her house in Great Cumberland-place.
The Marquess of Londonderry had a dinner party yesterday,
at his house in St. James's-spare.

FASHIONABLE MOVPIENT.S.
His E7cAlency Sir Henry Wellesley, Bart, and son arrived
yesterday r-t the Clarendon Hotel, Bond-street, from Madrid.
Lord Mait'iand is arrived at 'Warren's Rotel, Regent-street,
frcni Dunbar. v_ _

The Duke and Duchess of Richmond are not expected to
arrive in town this season ; they have left their seat, Malcolm,
Sussex, for Goodwin, for the summer..
The Earl and Countess of Surrey and family, are expected
to arrive on Wednesday next at Norfolk House, St. James's-
square, from Paris.
Arrivals at the Waterloo Hotel, Jerrnyn-street:—Colonel
Barry, from Ireland ; Captain Robinson, R.N., and Captain
Walsop, R.N. from ditto.
The Earl of Arron is returned to town from his seat, Arran
Lodge, 130 nor, Sussex.
The Earl of Cathcart and the Hen. Captain Cathcart have
left Reddish's Hotel, Jerrnyn-street, for L'erks.
Sir John and Lady firtlwn left the ilriti7h Hotel, Jermyn-
street, yesterday, fur their seat, near M aidstone, Kent.
Loci and Lady Anson left the.St..liunes's Hotel, Jermyn-
street, on Friday, for Paris, on their way to Vienna, from thence
to Switzerland, where they intend to reside. some months.
Lord Thomas Cecil -has left Thothas's Hotel, ii.criteley-
square, for Berks.
•

ROYAL ACADEMY.—On Saturday the Mem-
bers of the Royal Academy gave their Anni-
versary Dinner at their apartments in Somerset-
place, which was attended by a numerous assem-
blage of -guests of the first rank and talents,
among whom were--
lEa Highness the Duke of York ; Dukes Norfolk,
Bedford, Newcastle, Wellington, Argyll ; Marquesses Lon-
donderry, Camd:n, Lansdowne; Earls Liverpool, Bathurst,
Harrowby, Yarmouth, Carlisle, Egreinont, Grey, Lauderdale, 1'
Aberdeen, Grosvenor, Darnley, (owper, Yar-
r. Viscounts Palmerston, Melville, Exmouth; Lords Chief
Jut4tice Abbott, Chief justice Dallas, Chief Baron ; Lords Mor-
Lyndoch ; Bishops London, Chester, Oxford, Salisbury,
xlangor ; Eight Hons. the Speaker, Sir W. Scott, Sir W. Grant,
Sir C. Long, Sir H. Russell; the Vice-Chancellor, Lord Mayor,
W. W. Pole, C. Arbuthnot, F. Robinson, W. Huskisson, G.
Tierney; Honourables Lieut.-General E. Phipps, A. Ellis;
Ambassadors, French, American, Prussian, Swedish, Ear 0-
verian, Bavarian, irtembe rg,- Saxon ; Sirs G. Beaumont, .It.
Er g.ctield, A. .tlume, W. Eltbrd, T. Baring, J. 'Swin-
burne, • M. W. Ridlcv, T. Adana, 11. Davy, H. Tor-
rens ; Attennv-General, Solkitor-Generid, Surveyor-Gene-
ral ;Messrs. Banker, W: Smith, Penn, J. 0: Lambton, J.
W. Cruller, T. User Parker, W. Faaci, Rev. H. Carr;
Watson Taylor, J. Rogers, Watts Russell, T. Hope, It. P.
Knight, J. Turner, Ridley Colborne, J. Rennie, P. Hoare,
A. Carlisle ; Doctors Wotilaston, Bane ; M. Goucault, the
Chamberlain of London, Warden of Dulwich College, Pre-
sident of the College of Physicians, &c. &c. &c.
Tile. Vde Park was delightful yester-
day. The spring showers had, in some degree, laid
the dust, which was on the preceding Sunday very
annoying. The line of carriages in Rotten-row,
for the first time this season, mustered strong;
and there were many fashionables in the pro-
menade of Kensington Gardens. The equipages
displayed nothing new, and the costume con-
tinues .the same; the colours, grass green, and
azure blue or lavender ; artificial flowers, ostrich
feathers, blue„. yellow, or white.
ANECDOTE OF Tilt KING.—We take great plea-
sure in recording the following instance of kind-
ness and condescension of his present MAJESTY
A poor woman, who had been patronised by the
late QUEEN, and allowed to sell mats_ for the use
°Nile establishments at Windsor and Frogmore,
and was likewise in the receipt of a small annual
bounty from her late MAJESTY, became, in conse-
quence of the demise of the QUEEN, much distress-
ed, •her anneal income ceasing. She was advised
to petition the present King, and accordingly
watched one day as the KING was coming down the
grand staircase, but the attendants desired her to
remove._ She exclaimed," Pray let me see the.
KING ;" ilis MAJESTY, hearing her voice, asked,
" Who is it that wants to see me Pressing for-
ward with her petition, she presented it, with her
mats hanging On her shoulders, TES MAJESTY
attended to it, ordered all her mats to be pur-
chased, directed Sir B. BLOOM FIELD to see that
she was allowed to supply the household as usual,
and that she should receive the same allowance
annually that his Royal Mother had granted.
A -countryman. very frequently called upon
lluvr, Bishop of A veANcues, a scholar remark--
able .forthe assiduity with which he pursued his
:Indies. Although the countryman went to him
upon particular business, he was always repulsed,
with the answer that his Lordship was employed
in his library. "I wish," said the indignant
rustic, " that the king would send us a bishop
whc. has finished hls siudies." • •

L!TERARV AND SCIENVFIC iNTELLIcaNCE.
[Fttom vAluotis soußpusel
(No. XIII.)

EGYPTIAN AND NUBIAN ANTIQUITIES.--About
three years ago M. Gan, of ColOgne, legan to
explore the most remote districts Of 'Egypt-that
land (if prodigy and antiquity". in search of hi-
therto undiscovered monuments, for which pur-
pose be commenced his researches w,here those of
other travellers have generally terminated. Ifiti
attention was direCted. to' antiquities extant in
Nubia, and between the first and second cataract
of the Nile. On his return to Rome last year he
immediately began to prepare for publication an
account of his researches, which cannot fail to
excite much interest, Since, from his:professional
'knowledge as an architect, and his talent for
drawing landscapes and figures, his delineations
of the objects he beheld may be depended upon
for the utmost accuracy and fidelity. 'His draw-.
ings, which will exhibit specimens of whatever he
discovered most remarkable in architecture,
painting, and sculpture, are now engraving hy.a
number of the best artists at Rome. It is ex-
pected that M. G-au's work will throw corriderahle
light on the state of art and civilizaticn in those
countries. Many of these antiquities have never
been before examined at all, and many but imper-
fectly ; the most ancient of these are those at Girsh,
Essebua, and Abussembul. They consist of ex-
tensive excavations, containing colossal and half
colossal figures. hewn out of the,rock, decorated
also with a vast number of hieroglyphics and his-
torical representations,
.both in relief and en
creux, the greater part of which are painted: one
of the most conspicuous subjects is a temple
which was discovered and cleared away by M.
Gau himself. The first volume will comprise all
the Nubian antiquities ; the second will consist
of a selection from those of Egypt, to which will
succeed a third or supplementary volume, con-
taining the ancient monuments of Jerusalem.

HOLY. SCRIPTURES.—We understand that a
secend edition, illustrated with maps. and nutne.!
rous fac-similes of Biblical MSS., of Dr. T. 'H.
Horne's Introduction to the Critical Study and.
Knowledge of the Holy Scriptures, is speedily to
be published.
THEOLOGY OF THE ANCIENTS.—Mr. Th0T122.3
Taylor is about to publish by subscription, in 02e
volume Bvo, lamblichus on the Mysteries, of thq
Egyptians, Chaldeans, and Assyrians ; being'
the most copious, clearest, and most satisfactory
defence of the theology of the ancients.
A ItqllT wo in teresting architectural
works are now publishing in Germany. One.of
these, which is by the Architect Gaertner, np,-.
pears at Munich, and contains views, admeasure-
ments: and details of the best preserved Grecian
monuments extant in Sicily. The engrav7gs
are accompanied with concise letter press da-
scriptions and explanations. The other publica-
tion is a series in outline of Schinkel's Architect-
ural Designs, either of such buildings as he has
already executed, or of such as are intended to
be erected : among these are designs for the
completion ,of the. Town Hall, or Raf hiatus.
.Berlin.

VENETIAN AnCIIITECTURE.—" Le piu
cue fabriche di Venezia misurate," Stc.&c..
truly magnificent and splendid work, consistinz
of two volumes in large folio, embellished wiVt
250 plates, cannot fail of interesting every lover
of art and every traveller who has .visited that
romantic city. As rt. pledge for the accuracy of
the measures and delineations, it may .he sufficient
to state that the drawings and engraVings were
made by the members of the Academy of the
Fine Arts at Venice, of which the celebrated
Cicognara is President ; and that the Work e'n7
joyed all the advantage of his direction and super-
intendence. An excellent chronological table
of the different buildings will be found of admi-
rable utility to those who study architectUre
historically. It is divided into wras ; the 'first
comprises all the buildings anterior to the four-
teenth century ; the second, those of the fifteenth;
the third; the edifices erected at the commence-
ment of the sixteenth ; tie fourth, those of Situ-
micheli, Sansovino, .Palladis, SCP.MO7.2i, &c.
lastly, the fifth exhibits all the beildings of the
seventeenth and eighteenth centuries. .Tbe
architecture of Florence, Genoa, and 2vlilaa is
now illustrating on a similar plan.

LONDON HIBERNIAN SOCIETY.—The Fifteenth.
Annual Meeting of this Society was on Saturday
held at the City of London Tavern, the Right
Hon. Lord Viscount LORTON in the Chaii: The
meeting was numerously attended, particnlarly
by Ladies: The Noble Chairman, oti taking the
chair, congratulated the meeting on.the increasing
strength of the Society, and expressed his lopes
of its future success. The Report was then read
by the Secretary, by which it appeared that
6000 Bibles and 60,000 Testaments were distri-
buted among the Irish peasantry since the year
1812. On the motion of the Hon. Charles Shore,
seconded by the Rev. John Owen. the Report was
ordered to be received and adopted. The Rev. Mr.,
Bushe,ofDublin,in a veryable and elognent speech,
enlarged upon the great objects of the society; no
well as upon the present state of the Irish peasan-
try, whom he described as lamentably deficient in
knowledge and in comfortg, yet peculiarly suscep—
tible of improvement. The Rev. Gentleman read
an extract of a letter respecting the state of
Conamara, a region Of bog • and morass, in the-
county of Galway, where the inhabitants, Con-
sisting or many thousands, were immersed in
ignorance and barbarity, and utterly unacquaint,
ed with alrriost the sound of the English lan-
guage. The Rev. Drs. Colyer, Noel, Thorpe.
Coombes, Sir Claudius Hunter, and a number of
other Gentlemen spoke at great length in slip--
port of the interests of this Society:. Some affect-
ing anecdotes were related of the schools being
held on the road sides in mud cabins, where a hole
in the wall answered for entrance. bath for the.
children and the light, as it did also for their
egress as well as that of the smok.e. A larga
subscription was entered into by the company.

•
BELPAST.—Two antique gold crewcuts were latly fenr4 in
this reighboUrhood; they are of pure gold end about
ounces each; near the spot where they were losna are ec
druidical altars; and these relies have r_pfmr.!l:-..F! of tt,f •
ing been used as bcll3 by the Driiith—such is,the optslaa
antiquarians.

THE LONDON JOURNALS.

[O4kILY EXTRACTS FROM THE MORNING PAPERS.

[THE TIMES.]
Tile Spanish Journals, which we have received
to the 22d ult., are more occupied in. describing
the consequences of the public apprehension, now
so prevalent throughout the Peninsula, than in'
'explaining its causes ; for, in. so far as the fears
of the Spaniards for the safety of their Constitu-
tluta can be traced to any facts known to have
tare: 'place within their own territory., it is cer-
tain that none such have yet transpired, of a na-
ture to justify the uneasiness which is generally
felt,;or the measures which have in various great
• and districts been resorted to. As for
dateats beyond the Pyrenees—the disasters which
t7ate.occurred at Naplesoo a cause assuming, to
be that of freedom, cannot reasonably affect the
character or hopes of any people but the wretched
eapolitatis themselves ; least of all can such con-
tageacies impair the noble•confidence or reputa-
ton of the Spaniards., who'have not served their
aaantry with puerile boastinss, but with manly
alfeds, and who pushed on to victory amidst dan-
g•tra and obstructions, appalling to all but their
• own unconquered spirits. The march of a Rus-
sian army perhaps may have led the. Spaniards to
anticipate- for it a nearer object than that to
which it was avowedly destined-. If so, and if
they have not already procured through any
Spanish Minister a satisfactory assurance that
this northern irruption was unconnected with the
interests or politics of Spain, we would ,refer
them to the proceedings of the British House of
Commons on Friday last, when our Minister for
Foreign Affairs threw his " twilight gray," upon
the question of why and with what intention
100,CW Russians were moving towards the
South of Europe. Lord Londonderry said," or
seemed to say," with regard to the advance of
the Russian troops towards Italy---4st., that
they were called for by the united voices of-the
I.!mperor of Austria and the Sardinian Monarch ;
Ads-that their movement had no reference what-
ever to Spain ; or, in other words, that they were.
rot going to make war upon the Spaniards ; and
idly, o:at the Piedmontese revolution. having
been put down, the further march of the Russians
would be, or had been, countermanded. For
ohVioua reasons we do not pledge ,ourselves to
this construction of the words •of the noble
Secretary. Between the circumlocutory forms
of-language permitted by Parliament • and those

pescribed by office, the negative admonitions
and affirmative interrogations, and the diverse
anodes of smooth and slippery irony adopted by
the Minister en this occasion, there is no guarantee
for what we may arrive at after opening out his
numberless involutions; or whether, if the papy-
rus should be ever so successfully unrolled, the
hieroglyphics may at last be translatable.

[MORNING CHRONICLE.]
The public are now looking forward with great
anxiety to the p.nblicationuf the evidence taken
by the Agricultural Committee. From the length
of time'that Committee has sitten,'and the num-
ber of the witnesses examined, we may presume
tEat the close of its labours is at hand. We were
petty confident, at the time *was moved for, that
the views of the AloVers would not be realized,
and, from what has transpired ()Nile evidence, we
are convinced that we were right in our conjec-
tures. The Agricultural Distress is the natural
. result of the burdens which press upon the coun-
try; and it is not in the power of legislation to
remedy it. It is in the nature of things,- that
Takes should be burdensome, and impossible
that Land can . permanently be exempted from
ti-:ern, though the landholders of the country,
rn:sled hy the" Pilot who weathered the storm"
Himself, but left the country exposed to its buf-
ftings,• once seers to have seriously thought
that they • could always throw the bur-
dens on the industry of 'the country, and
remain exempt from - thetn themselves.
They now feel their mistake Any relief
they
,Could obtain Would only be at the expence
of the country at large; and we,do not think the
Government dare venture on any-thing of the
kind... The excessive issue of paper money in
Austria, enabled the landholders of that empire
to rob their creditors, by paying off their debts
and incumbrances in a currency which, in value,
ho:e no proportion to that in which they \were
-contracted. The Government of this country
dare not, however,, transfer in so barefaced a way
the property of one class to another. The Bank
Restriction Act went as far in the way of. robbing
creditors, as a Govertmient like ours can well.
g6;—but it has been obliged to repeal that ACt,
grid to give the creditorS,,,in -turn, an advantage
over their debtors—an advantage from which the
_Landholders are now 'severely smarting.

•
• [BRITISH PRESS.] - • •
The events that are passing in the dorhinions
•
of Turkey are also fraught with important con-
-
Sel uences to Europe, and deserve the most ear..
nest.attention of oar Government. Should the
Greeks under Prince Ypsilanti succeed in • wrest-
lag from the grasp of Turkey any portion of
tho:le extensive dominions. that once formed the
.(27reek empire, and so long groaned under
the horrors of Mahomedan:tyranny, the neigh.
. Louring .States will affect to believe that the
new Power will be unable to maintain the rela-
tions of peace and commerce with Europe, and
will, in their generous solicitude for the com-
mon welfare, undertake to share the territories
between them. Austria and Russia are both pre-
'. pared with considerable armies on the frontiers of
Turkey to take advantage*of every occurrence,
and their almost proverbial ambition will feel
but little scruple in .appropriating whateyer part
of the. Turkish provinces may seem• to become
dismembered from the main trunk. Should Eng-
land then interfere to prevent the further extension
of these already overgrown empires, how shall she
be enabled to give effect to her remonstrances ?
Slie has looked' with indifference or with approba,
tion upon the destruction of Italy ; ahe has not
uttered a word to-prevent.the'sudden and violent
extinction of the brilliant meteor that seemed for a
gunlient_.tn shed a 'gleam of hope and liberty

through the gloom and despondency of Italian'
slavery ; she has suffered Austria to monopolise•
that Fairest portion of Europe, and, with Russia,
to hurl a►►athemas against all who dare to talk of
freedom ; and how shall she' hope to collect
around her the moral strength of public opinion,
or gain credit for her professions of regard to the
welfare of Europe, when she shall find herself at
length reduced to the necessity of checking the
ambitious career of Austria and Russia, and of
saving the balance of power from being distuibed
by the accession of any considerable portion of
the Turkish dominions to the strength of these
two empires, already too— formidable for the
safety of the rest of Europe ? The foreign po-
licy of the British Cabinet ever since the capture
of BuonaParte, has effectually robbed Great Bri-
tain of the proud distinction she once enjoyed
among the people of the Continent •of being re-
,garded as the champion and advocate of freedom.
By this policy her statesmen have, no doubt,
obtained the smiles and approbation of foreign
_Princes, and have in delighted complacency ex-
changed "snuff-boxes with the Ministers of foreign
despots ; but it should never be forgotten that
it is from these very personages that pro-
bable danger is to be apprehended, and that
we have 'increased the chances of incurring
it by tl►e conduct we have pursued in endea-
vouring to render them independent of public
opinion. They may loosen at their pleasure or
caprice the link that binds us to their Cabinets,
so soon as they shall find our friendship irksome
or unprofitable, but for us to regain our place in
the estimation of the world cannot be the work
of a moment. Then shall we mourn over the
fatal policy that severed our national interests
from those of, mankind in general, and taught us
to purchase the friendship of Monarchs by flat-
tering their passions, and
.sacrificing the liberties
of half of Europe to appease their fears or gratify
their resentments.

[NEW TIMES.
We feel it our duty to notice the manner in
which certain Journals, professing to act on Con-
stitutional principles, think fit to speak of the
House of Commons. About a fortnight ago, The
Morning Chronicle, adverting to the question of
Parliamentary Reform, thus expressed itself :
" That the House of Commons should set them-
selves against all reform in their own body, can
surprise no one, though a little more respect to
the people of England might have been expected
from them—The day will come, however, when
it will no longer by possible to refuse the just
desires of the People of England on this subject."—
Me Times, of Thursday last, referring to the de-
bate of Monday, has the following remark :—" If
any proof were vvanting of the total indifference
of the greater number of thoe Members of Par-
liament, who are usually denominated the Repre-
sentatives of the Landed Interest, to the expen-
diture of the public money, the proceedings of
Monday last on the Army Estimates would sup-
ply that proof. In a House of 658 Members only
27 could be found, at any one time of the even-
ing, to oppose the several extravagant grants."
