NORFOLK

Extensive FREEHOLD ESTATES and MANORS, and the
TITHES of a PARISH, producing together upwards of 2,0001.
per annum, and two valuable Livings.
K. W. W. SIMPSON has received directions
• to SELL by AUCTION, at the Auction Mart, on
TUESDAY, August 6, at Twelve o'clock, in Eight Lots,
Valuable FREEHOLD ESTATES, exonerated from Land tax;
eligibly situated in the parishes of Cley, Holt, and Fieid
in the county of Norfolk, at a short distance from the market
town of Holt, and 10 miles from the excellent bathing place of
Cromer, on the Norfolk coast.
Lot 1 will comprise a commodious Family Mansion, with excel-
lent offices, surrounded by pleasure grounds, gardens, and plants.
tionS, 20 acres in extent; together with about 40 acres of thriving
woodland, the whole of which is in hand; and about 1,235 acres
of fertile arable and rich marsh land, divided into several occupa.
tions, with good farm.houses, labourers' cottages, and agricultural
buildings thereon, in the occupation of Mr. John Ebbetts and others,
at moderate rents. This Lot comprehends the entire parish of City,
and with it will be sold the Manor, which is co-extcnsive therewith.
It produce; in fines and quit rents an average income of 841. 17s. 2d.
per annum, and the shooting lets for 40/. a year.
Lot 2. The Perpetual Adrowsens of, and next Presehtatien to,
the Rectory of Cley, the Tithes belonging to which have lately been
commuted at 405/. per annum, together with 18 act es of glebe land;
the present incumbent is 48 years of age. Also the Freehold Land:
tax thereon, amounting to 6/. per annum, which has been redeemed.
Lot 3. A desirable Estate adjoining Lot 1, and contiguous to the
town of Holt, consisting of about 470 acres of productive arable,
pasture, and wood land, let (with the exception of the woods) to Mr.
Norton, Mr. Bix, and Mr. Crask.
Lot 4. An exceedingly valuable Farm, together with the Great
Tithes thereof, eligibly situate in the parish of Field Dalling, can.
sisting of an excellent farm-house and homes: cad, together with 180
acres of superior and highly cultivated arable and meadow land, in
the occupation of Mr. Wells. With this Lot will be included the
Manor of Saveneys, otherwise Mount Grace, with the quit rents
and fines arising therefrom.
Lot 5. The Great Tithes of the parish of Field Dalling (the above
farm excepted), extending over nearly 1,400 acres, and lately cora_
muted at 300/. per annum.
Lot 6. The Vicarage of the parish of Field Dalling, and 25 acres
of glebe land, producing an income of nearly 200 per annum ; the
incumbent is 65.
Lots 7 and 6. Two valuable detached parcels of land, one contain-
ing 9 acres, eligibly situated in the town of Holt, and the other
about 2 acres, lying in the parish of Letheringsett.
The arable land comprised in the above Estate is of a most con.
vertible and kindly description, well adapted to the growth of tur-
nips and green crops generally, as well as barley and other kinds of
grain, and the marshes are highly productive.
Particulars with plans annexed, may shortly be obtained of
Messrs. Vandercom, Comyn, Cree, Law, and Comyn, solicitors, Bush-
lane, London ; of William Repton, Esq., solicitor, Aylsham, Nor.
folk; Edward Jackson, Esq., solicitor, Wisbech ; Mr. Withers,jun.,
auctioneer and estate agent, Holt; Messrs. Thirkell and Rogers,
tolioiters, Gorton; and of Mr. W. W. Simpson, Bttcklersbury.

SUSSEX.
ON THE BRIGHTON ROAD, NEAR THE
WARNING-LID TOLL BAR,

AND WITHIN A MILE AND A HALF OF HANDCROSS.
MR/W. W. SIMPSON has received directions
to SELL by AUCTION, at the Auction Mart, in the
.nth of Amos;

NOTTINGHAM HALL, a commodious stone.built Family
Residence, approached through an ornamental avenue by a handsnme
carriage drive, containing Entrance-hall, Breakfast and Dining-rooms,
Drawing-room (unfinished) 2 feet by 18 feet, Servants'-hall,
Kitchens, and Domestic Offices, Billiard Room 28 feet by 15 feet,
and Ante-room, three principal Sleeping Apartments, two Dress-
ing-rooms, and four secondary Bedchambers, with back staircase.
The Dotached Buildings consist of two Coach-houses, Stabling for
six horses, Barn, Granary, Dairy, and other useful offices. Attached
to the House is a large productive Kitchen Garden, two well.stocked
Orchards in full bearing, and about 34 acres of excellent Land,
chiefly rich meadow; the whole in a high state of cultivation, and
in the hands of the proprietor. Also a Gothic Villa, nearly ad.
joining, containing Nine Rooms, with Outbuildings, Garden, and
four acres of Meadow Land, let to a respectable tenant at Thirty
Guineas per annum. The Property is Freehold, and eligibly
situated in the parish of Slaugham, in the county of Sussex,
within 15 miles of Brighton, and about a Mile and.a half from the
turnpike road.

The Estate may be viewed by cards, and Particulars may, in due

time, be obtained on the Premises ; of Messrs. Dyneley, Cover.
dale, and Lee, Solicitors, I, Field-court, Gray's Inn ; at the Aut tion
Mart; and of Mr. %V. W. Simpson, Bucklersbury.

VALUABLE FREEHOLD ESTATES

SIX PUBLIC HOUSES, and several PRIVATE HOUSES and
SHOPS, in the CITIES of LONDON and WESMINSTER,

and at BAYSWATER, LALEHAM, and ST. ALBA N',
producing upwards of 1,0001. per annum.
wt. W. W. SIMPSON has received in.
structions from the Trustees to SELL by AUCTION, at
the Auction Mart, on THURSDAY, July 18, and following day-, al
Twelve, in Thirty.eight Lots,

FREEHOLD ESTATES, exceedingly eligible for invest.
ment'; consisting of the London Stone Wine Vaults, Cannon..
street; 239, Upper Thames.street, and warehouses in Rutland-
place, adjoining; 3, Wardrobe-terrace., Doctors'-commons, and
warehouses and premises in the rear, on Addlehill ; the William
the Fourth public-house, Beauchamp-street, Leather-lane; 21,
Devonshire-street, Queen-square ; 5,6, 7, and 10, Rose- street
Soho; the King's Arms Wine Vaults, and a house and shop ad-
joining, at the corner of Moor-street, Seven Dials; the Bough
public house, Crown-street, 5, 26, 27, and 29, Church-street;
60, 61, 62, and 63, Dean-street ; 5,6, 7, and 10, Carlisle-street ;
20, and .21, Portland-street; and a moiety of 9, Litchfield-
street, Soho; a capital house and
_shop, opposite Covent-garden
Theatre, in Bow-street; the Black Lion Inn, the Sovereign
brewery, and several detached residences at Bayswater ; the Feathers
public house at Laleham ; and a house and shop, at St. Alban's ;
also the redeemed land-tax on several hours in Drury-lane, &c.
The entire property is freehold, and mostly let on leases, at
rents amounting to upwards of 1,0001. per annum.
The property may be viewed by permission of the tenants. Par-
ticulars may be had of Messrs. Fladgate, Young, and Jackson,
solicitors, Es' sex-street, Strand ; at the Mart ; and or Mr. W. W.
Simpson, IS, Bucklersbury, London.

MEETING OF LYNN REFORMERS.

A meeting of Reformers was held on the Bowling-green
of the Spread Eagle on Monday evening, in compliance
with an announcement emanating from the Lynn Work-
ing Men's Reform Association.
Mr. ToweLn having been requested to take the chair,
opened the business of the evening by stating that having
been absent from home during the past week, and observing
upon his return an invitation to the Reformers of Lynn to
attend this meeting, he at once made up his mind to do so ;
but it was not till this morning that he consented to take
the chair, and that upon the perfect understanding that by
so doir', he was not in the most remote degree identifyin,
himself with those, in his opinion, greatest enemies of ail
Reform, who, under the assumed name of the National
Convention, were recommending the application of phy,,ical
force by means of the dagger and the torch, and exciting
the people of this country to riot and confusion. The
object of the meeting he understood to be, to take into
consideration the conduct cf the Birmingham Niagistrates
in dispersing a public meeting lately held there. 'For his
own part he confessed he was not in possession of sufficient
information to offer an opinion upon the subject, but he
presumed those who were about to address the meeting
would be prepared to show in what respect and to what
extent blame rested, and he was sure that as Englishmen,
and particular;y as Reformers, they would not be prepared
to pass censure in the absence of proof against tte parties.
Undoubtedly, continued the Chairman, the right of holding
public meetings was one of the few privileges still possessed
by the great body of the people of this country, and he
was not surprised, nor indeed was he otherwise than de-

lighted, to find any infringement upon this just and consti-
tutional right, proceeding from whatever quarter it might,
viewed with jealousy and alarm ' • all, however, for him to do,
as Chairman, was to preserve order during the proceedings
of the meeting, to ensure to every one a respectful heal ing,
and to take the sense of the meeting upon the different
resolutions which might be proposed to them.

. .
The following resolutions were adopted by the meeting.,
having been moved and seconded respectively by Messrs.
Wagg, Trenowaths, Lock, &c., who, in the course of
their observations, forcibly remarked upon the legality of
the people's assembling for the purpose of political discus-
sion, and dwelt particularly upon the circumstance of the
dispersion of the Birmingham meeting by the London
police previous to the Riot Act being read, or any other
notice :

1. That this meeting is of opinion that a wanton and
flagrant, outrage has been committed upon the people of
Birmingham, whilst peaceably assembled to promote the
cause of Reform, by a number of policemen sent down from
London, acting under the direction of the Birmingham
Magistrates, who alone are accountable for the bloodshed
and disturbance which has taken place there.
2. That this meeting deeply sympathise with the people
of Birmingham, who were so brutally attacked by the police
and Si boldly withstood them.
. 3. That these resolutions be forwarded to the Provincial
and London papers for insertion.
The meeting, which consisted for the most part of work-
ing men, was numerous and respectable, and the Chairman
concluded it by the expression of assurance that the cause
of Reform possessed abundant and moral resources for se-
curing its triumph, and exhorted those present to a steady,
consistent, but, above all, a peaceful promotion of it.

DREADFUL DEATH.—On Tuesday morning,
an appalling accident happened to Isabella Clark, a fine
child, about eight years of age, residing at Pimlico. She
was playing with some other children,, when some timber,
which had been piled up to dry, gave way, and fell with
such force on the poor girl that she was killed on the spot
She was t ikon to the residence of her parents, whose feel-
ings may be easily imagined. It is a most miraculous
circumstance that none of the other children were at all
injured,
Mr. MACAULAY, M.P.—A correspondent ob-
serves that the new Member for the city of Edinburgh is
in some measure connected with this part of the country,
as his grandfather was minister of the parish of Cawdor,
where his respected father, Mr. Zachariah Macaulay, was
educated. When Dr. Johnson visited Scotland in 1773,
he stopt a night at the Manse of Cawdor. The groat
lexicographer had brought with him a copy of Sallust,
which he gave to the minister's son, "a smart young lad,"
says Boswell, " about eleven years old. Dr. Johnson
had given an account of the system of education at Oxford
in all its gradations. The advantage of being a" servitor,"
(as the inferior class of students is termed in Oxford ; in
Cambridge they are called " sizars") as suited to a youth
of little fortune, struck Mrs. ?Macaulay; and Johnson very
handsomely and kindly said, that, if they would send their
boy to him when he was ready for the University, he would
get him made a servitor, and would perhaps do more for
him. The Doctor redeemed his promise; but young Ma-
caulay had other views, and went abroad, where he attained
to opulence and distinction. His philanthropic exertions
for the abolition of slavery cud the spread of Christianity
in the East, are well known. He was the founder of a
family, destined, we think, to reflect lustre on his name in
the annals of literature, if not of Parliamentary eloqu,nce
and public service.—lnverness Paper.

(From the Sandwich Island Gazette, Sept. 8. 1838.)
TAHITI, JUICE 9, 'lB3B.—On Sunday morning, be-
tween the hours of one and two, the whole tc-vvn of Pa-
peed, on this island, was alarmed at the discov,sry of the
assassination of Moerenhaut, Esq., United States'
Consul, and his lady ; they were found in their house
weltering in their own blood. Surgical assis.4.ance was
immediately called, and, upon examination the wounds
inflicted upon Mr, Moerenhaut, seven in number? were
not mortal ; those received by Mrs. Meucci/mot. One
of which was upon the head by a blow from an eac. or
some similar sharp instrument, were so severe oti to
leave no hopes of recovery.
The assassins, who evidently entered the house for the
perpose of plunder, were disturbed in the nefarious un-
dertakiug by Mr. Moerenhaut, who, aroused by a noise
ie the sitting room, which he supposed to have been
made by a cat accidentally shut up there, left his
,deeping apartment with a light. Upon entering
the sitting room door, before any person was
perceived, Mr. Moerenhaut received a wound Lipson
the head which caused him to drop the ligh:
from his hand and retreat to his chamber ; so
determined, however, were the murderers, that they
followed up their attack with stabs and blows with their
knives or hatchets, while the cries of murder became so
faint that they could not be heard by the neighbours.
Mrs. Moerenhaut came instantly to assist her husband
in his struggle with the murderers, and received a wound
in the side, and another upon the head, which left her
incapable of giving any further alarm. The,neighbours,
however, had been aroused by a strange noise, and the
groans of the wounded lady and gentleman ; they al-
lowed some time to elapse before they ventured to go
...to aseertlin the cause of alarm—thus it was that the
murderers had an opportunity to escape ; they left, how-
ever, in their hurry, a pair of shoes and a knife, which
led to the discovery of one of the persons concerned in
this shocking outrage. Upon the arrival of the native
servant to find out the meaning of the noise in the house,
Mrs. Moerenhaut was sufficiently sensible to give a brief
explanation of the affair, and to order the servant to
raise an alarm ; the white residents instantly assembled,
and with -- Pritchard, Esq., her Britannic Majesty's
Consul and the masters of the vessels then lying in port
came promptly to assist in dressing the wounds of
'he unfortunate sufferers. Steps were intently taken
to detect the blood-thirsty monsters who committed
the outrage. It appeared that the house was en-
tered by means of cutting away the window sash.
Plunder was evidently the first object in view ; and the
subsequent attempt to murder was perhaps made to pre-
vent detection. It is supposed the murderers left their
victims for dead.

The peculiar nature of thy: attack gave no certain
evidence to Mr. Moerenhaut and his lady of the iden-
tity of the 'individuals by whom it was made ; their
suspicions, however fell upon a man by the name of
Joseph Gale. A reward of two hundred dollars was
offered to any person who would lead to the detection
of the offenders. At daylight the shoes found in the
house proved to be the property of a black Spaniard by
the na.ne of Manuel ; when a knowledge of this fact.
transpired, a Court was immediately convened to ex-.
amine the said Manuel. G. Pritchard, Esq , presided
as Judge.
It was proved that Manuel had been out on the night
and at the time of the assassination ; it was also proved
that the knife found in the house was one he had used
when eating his supper on the night before the event.
His clothes were discovered sunk with stones in the sea,
opposite his house ; the clothes were covered with blood.
It was ascertained that he had borrowed an axe from
the natives on the Saturday.' Manuel denied all these
charges, and said the blood upon his clothes was in con-
sequence of a disease under which he was labouring ;
that the knife he had loaned on the Saturday to Joseph
Gale, the man so strongly suspected by Mr. and Mrs.
Moerenhaut ; and that he bad not been out on the night
of the murder. After the questioning the Court ordered
Manuel to be closely confined in irons, to await his trial
by the laws of the islands.
Nothing could exceed the indignation of the.natives,
the Queen, and chiefs towards the perpetrators of the
outrage. Despatches were immediately sent to the se-
veral districts of the island and l\loria to assemble the
judges and chiefs to devise measures to prevent a recur-
rence of such atrocity, and likewise to pronounce judg-
ment upon the criminals. In the afternoon Joseph Gale
was put under arrest upon suspicion of being an accom-
plice. On the Tuesday following a confession was made
by Manuel, in which be owned that he was concerned
in the assault, but accused Joseph Gale of having com-
mitted it, while he was keeping a watch outside the
house ; he further stated that when the alarm was given
he m:,de off, leaving his shoes behind him ; that he lent
Joseph Gale the knife when in the room ; and that Gale
was the only one who inflicted the wounds, he (Manuel)
claiming to be innocent of the murder.
Captain Stokes furthermore informed us that when
he left Tahiti the recovery of Mrs. Moerenhaut was de-
spaired of, but Mr. Moerenhaut was convalescent.

VERDICT CONTRARY TO MEDICAL TESTI-
mONY.—An inquest was held on Tuesday before Mr.
Payne, on the body of Mr. A. Gunter, aged 39, late a
watch and clockmaker of Whitechapel. Two gentlemen,
the one named Albutt, of Stoke Newington, and the other
Harman, of Tottenham, deposed to finding deceased, a
little before twelve on Wednesday night, lying (with his
face covered with blood, and bearing marks apparently of
of severe maltreatment) in the carriage way in the Albion-
road, between Ball's Pond. and Stoke Newington. lie
was then insensible, and with the assistance of a police-
officer they conveyed him to Mr. Lewis's, the neatest
surgeon. This latter gentleman said that when deceased
was brought to his house he was bleeding profusely from
the nostrils, and was in a state of conic, from which he
rallied so as to be able to speak, but not sufficiently
to account for the accident. In reply to the Coroner
the witness said—" In my opinion the injuries re-
ceived have caused death in this case, and I have no
doubt upon my mind but deceased had been maltreated in
a ruffianly manner, and I think the injuries were inflicted
with the fist, and not by a fall." The house surgeon of
St. Bartholomew's said deceased's skull and the bone of
the right temple were fractured completely across. Ile
died of 'those injuries, but whether they were caused by a
fall or ill-usage he could not determine. The jury, after
consulting for twenty minutes, returned the following ver.
diet:—" That deceased died from a fall whilst in a state
of inebriation."

BALLOON ASCENT AND DESCENT.—The
Nassau Balloon, on Monday evening last, at half. past six
o'clock, made another ascent from Vauxhall Gardens, and
the weather being very favourable, a large concourse of
persons were attracted to the spot. The ascent was a very
fine one. The adventurous voyagers crossed the river
Thames three times, and passed into the county of Essex,
where the balloon
.clescen,led a few minutes after eight
o'clock. The spot where they alighted was a short dis-
tance from the town of Leigh, about nine miles from
Southend, and thirty-four miles from Vauxhall Gardens.
There were seven in the car, amongst whom was a lady.
At one time the balloon attained an elevation of nearly a
mile and a quarter. _

The accounts of the crops received from our cor-
respondents in all directions are, that never did the fields
present a falrer promise of an abundant harvest. The
weather has been all that could be wished. Within the
hut ten days there have been several heavy growing shovvers,
followed by sunshine, which have had a powrrful effect in
advancing every description of produce. We need not
particularize any crops especially, as every kind is doing
well.—Sirling Journal.

BRITISH- MUSEUM.—It is in contemplation to
take down the outer wall of the British Museum, and to
make a more respectable-looking entrance in Great Rus-
sell-street, and also materially to alter the front of the
building, so as to make it correspond, in some degree,
with the objects to which it is appropriated. Amongst
other improvements a plan has been proposed of showing
the statues to a better advantage, and of promoting their
better arrangement, by distributing them according to
their worth, antiquity, and execution. Several improve-
ments aro also expected to be made with regard to the
reading rooms and library.
PARTY POLITICS.—Sir J. R, Reid subscribed
10/. to promote the penny postage ; yet Sir J. R. Reid
voted in both divisions against it.— Chronicle.

STREET LECTURES.—For some time past a
course of lectures on the advantages of total abstinence
from ardent spirits, have been delivered in the south side
of the town, generally at the head of the Pleasance, by the
Rev. Henry Wight—a gentleman whose ardent philan-
thropy and anxiety to benefit the lower classes, lead him
to patronise every scheme that is calculated to advance
their temporal and spiritual welfare. The crowds col-
lected to hear him are often immense; and it may be said
of him, as it was said of his Great Master, that "the com-
mon people heard him gladly." Two or three vendors of
spirituous liquors, thinking the access to their shops ob-
structed, in more senses than one, by these lectures, and the
crowds by whom they were so attentively heard, brought
an action against Mr. Wight for obstructing the thorough-
fare, before the Sheriff Police Court- The case received
its final hearing before Mr. Sheriff Tait on Thursday,
Amongst the evidence adduced for the reverend defender,
two policemen, named Greig and Johnstone, stated on
oath, that no impediment nor obstruction to the street
had ever before called for their interference, there was
far less riots and fightings than formerly. After summing
up the evidence, Mr. Sheriff Tait stated, that it had been
amply proven that there existed no solid foundation for the
alleged complaint, and added that he had on two several
occasions occompanied Captain Stuart, the public prose-
cutor, to the e spot, while the people were met, and dis-
cerned no impediment to the thoroughfare in either in-
stance, and highly complimented the Reverend Gentleman,
by saying that the amount of good done in persuading the
people to abandon their habits, as well as haunts of ine-
briation, was beyond question inculeulable.—Edinburgh
Courant.

.
Game of all kinds is more plentiful than it has been it/r
the last three or four years ; grouse, more especially, visib ~
on the increase, and blackcocks- exen. more so than ma I.':
sportsmen wish. Hares have an excellent breeding time, v
and such of them as were first observed in March, are at
present as strong, and very nearly as well grown as their
! dams. In a hill above Greenock, the heather of which
has been let for the season at 80/. sterling, many of the
coveys number from 7to birds, and matters so far as had
been ascertained were nearly equally palmy in the County
of Dumbarton ; Inverness-shire has its own share of good.
luck ; but the partridges will be ready before the fields are
cleared ; and shooting in all probability, will bi common.
on the hills, weeks before a gun is heard in the valleys-
Li the remote island of Sky, the grouse which
at one t;rne were well nigh extirpated, are gradually
becoming more and more rife ; whether blackeecks inter-
fere with grouse, is still a problem; our own opinion is 1
they do not, and that to other, different, and deeper causes
—such as the advance of woodland scenery, must be
ascribed in certain localities the decrease of brown, and
the increase of black game. In Sutbeilandshire the price
of shooting grounds is decidedly on the advance—say at
the rate cf ten to twenty per cent. One proprietor signi-
ficantly hinted, however unwilling to came to parti.mlars..
" where I got 450/. for a range last year, I cars witty th.
greatest ease get 5001. this." In Ross.siiire.the advat oe • s
very possibly greater, amidst the loudest complaints dnait
too much heather was burnt. Factors complain of thisi
s a serious evil, while tenants, on the Other hand, stoi itly,
maintain that no mischief resulted whatever. For the sp sae
of two or three years muir-burn was all but barred by stress
of weather; and when a highly tempting opportunity oo-
curred it is at least possible that too much was made of it
by all and sundry. Still the birds have a wonderful -in-
stinct, and When driven from the first breeding locations
are in most cases able as well as willing to occupy others
with almost equal advantage.
Popularly it is often said that game gangs in the High-
u:nds pay as well as pastures peopled by sheep. This,
how,-ver, is a decided mistake, although instances have re-
peated, occurred, in which a sheep walk let for 8001. per
annum.)bro,qg
..;!
ht 4001. additional for the right of shooting
over it during he season.
Deer stalking will' the Aristocracy is preferred vastly
to shooting grouse; end ,as may be readily supposed,
grounds adapted to this s;ll.'rt bring what may be
called enormous rents. In consetV. ence of this tome pro-
prietors have entertained the project a f restoring the deer,
and banishing the sheep. But theory is one thing and
practice another, and there are many who doubt whether
forrestry, as it existed in the olden time, wtii ever be re-
stored, unless it be-for the express purpose Of Ittra4hing
sleepers to railaays.—Dumfries Courier.
