„tsar
'41441 _4

0:001,, :Mr._
-
:.
.4---, . „ft, „
:On e--4.t,,,,
4
-'.,1,-',44,-

r
1111 +

LONDON :
MONDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY 4, 1839.

It is a common and cunning trick of pickpockets
when they are detected and pursued to join in the cry
of " stop thief," directing it against some °Oner
person, and thus endeavouring to escape. This ;As the
sort of tactics which are now pursued by the. Tory
defenders of the Corn-laws. The bulk of the nation
is clamorous against the landowners, for saving plun-
dered it, as is admitted by the Post, to the annual
extent of 26 millions ; and now that they are com-
pletely detected, their advocates 'set up an impu3ent
cry against the fraud and avarice of the manufacturers.
They demand the repeal of the Corn-laws, and are
met by the assertion that they want to commit a gross
injustice. The Corn.-laws are said to be an act of
justice, and the repeal an act of frand and violence.
The landlords r,ut their hands violently into our
pockets, and, worse than the common thief, they add
to this viol:ition of our property the impudence of de-
claring tl)at they have a right to do so.

Urader such a state of mutual excitement and
mratual vituperation, we see with pleasure a calm,
-philosophical, convincing article on the Corn-laws
in the columns of the Monthly Chronicle, which
demolishes a host of fallacies by dint of a single
definition. The greater portion of it will appear in The
Sun to-morrow, and will puzzle the Tories to refute it.
The instant it is stated that the Corn-law is a prohi-
bition for the manufacturer to exchange his produce
for food, the gross absurdity of such a restriction in
a community that flourishes by trade, and the gross in-
justice of such a law proceeding from a Legislature
which is bound, if it meddle with industry at all, to
remove every impediment out of its path, become
glaringly evident. By what right does the Legislator,
who happens at the same time to be a landlord, de-
clare to the manufacturer that he shall not buy food
by his own labour when and where he likes, and that
'he shall only buy it of the said landowner ? There can
exist no such right, and the landowner who claims it
seeks covertly to revive amongst us that sort of feudal
vassalage when the landowners' serfs were obliged to buy
from him permission to exercise a trade. The Corn-laws
should be resisted, therefore, not on account of the pecu-
niary damage they cause to the community, though that
is enormous ; not on account of the injury they do to our
national greatness, though that, under their withering
effect, is fast dwindling away ; but on account of the
principle of slavery, as well as of injustice, which they
enact, and which we consecrate by submission.
We think the author alluded to might have gone
further in his definition, and at once have stated that
Corn-laws are a prohibition to procure food. They
decree starvation, and it is very like folly to ask whe-
ther such a law ought to be suffered. It may indeed
be a question whether the Legislature, which persists
in maintaining such a law, should not at once be anni-
hilated like a horde of pirates, but there can be no doubt
that the law ought instantly to be repealed. The only
doubt that we ever entertain is this : the community
has long tolerated this law, and has become a particeps
criminis in the landlords' scheme of plunder and starva-
tion. It may therefore have no right to throw all the
evil (if any) which may arise from the repeal on its
partners in guilt ; it may be bound not to press exclu-

sively on them ; but we can have no doubt whatever
that it ought instantly, now that it is sensible of hav-
ing long tolerated a flagrant injustice, to put an
end to it.

And what are the reasons, let us ask, on which
this injustice is defended? One man says it costs
more to grow wheat here than in Russia. Who can
assure us of that ? Or, if it be so to-day, who can I
convince us that% ziwing to some valuable discovery, it
may not be, altered to-morrow ? But even if it were
not 'so, how can any Legislature go into the profit
and loss—examine the slovenliness or care—the
sloth and enterprise, of bodies of industrious men here
and abroad, in order to make them the basis of a
law ? The idea is absurd, and the changing calcula-
tions perhaps beyond the reach of the human faculties.
The result will depend on the sum expended on the
worst farm and by the worst farmer, and a law calcu-
lated on such principles, will become a bounty on
sloth, Ignorance, and negligence. To defend the
Corn-laws on assumptions an
price, in opposition to ti:,e `.1.. calculations of relative
plain principles of the duty
of the Legislature and of justice, is nothing more nor
less than excusing murder or robbery for its pecuniary
advantage to the robber or the murderer. But even
these pecuniary advantages have no existence, as is
clearly demonstrated by an article from .Mr. It usToN,
which appears elsewhere.
Let us not be understood as exonerating the manu-
facturers from the charges of avarice and grasping.
Those propensities they share with the whole com-
munity. They are not worse, however, than the
landlords, but the Legislature treats them very differently.
It embodies the grasping and the avarice of the land-
lords into a law, and gives a legal sanction
to their vices. What the manufacturers now ask is,
only to have fair play ; and what the Legislature
ought to do is, to show no favour to either. At present
the manufacturers justly complain of the greediness
and avarice of the landlords as exhibited in a law to
enhance the price of food ; and they ask to be relieved
from that law, not to place a single burden or restriction
on the landlords. To represent their demands as
" gross injustice" can only proceed from the dullest
intellect or shameless impudence.
In conclusion, we must observe that we disagree
with Mr. RUSTON as to placing a fixed duty on corn,
to be lowered every year. As long as such a duty is
in progress of abatement, agricultural operations, the
taking of leases, and letting of farms, will be uncer-
tain ; and it is far better to come at once to those natural
laws regulating production and distribution, which are
as permanent as society. Moreover, Mr. RUSTON him-
self shows. that the landlord need not be alarmed at the
price of wheat falling very low. For a year or two at
least, on the contrary, the price will be high, and to
continue a fixed duty, is really to give up all principle,
and at once say that those who have hitherto plun-
dered us by law, arc to be rewarded for their crimes.

It is reported that Mr. HuAtE is to move an
amendment to the Address, if it do not contain an
allusion to the Corn-laws. That would be perhaps
unwise, as taking a decision before the question has
undergone discussion. It would prejudge the whole
matter. There are also many persons who would
support a direct motion on the subject, who
would oppose an amendment to the Address: It
would seem, therefore, not to be prudent to act as
it is reported Mr. HUME intends. As the Session
approaches, however, a feverish excitement begins to
manifest itself, which will not be abated by the " Na-
tional Delegates" having begun their proceedings be-
fore the National Parliament. They met to-day, and
are now organizing their plans with discretion and zeal,
which might be worthily imitated by higher assemblies.
As to the Corn-laws, a good deal it is felt will depend in
Parliament on the sentiments of Sir ROSERT PEEL-
If he shows h;mself, as we hope he will, and as the
Weekly Chronicle implies he will, favourable to the
repeal, it will din be impossible for Ministers to lag
behind him ; and. that which is most devoutly to be
wished, nami.dy that the Legislature should voluntarily
and gracefully do an act of justice, will come to pass.

We are 'happy to announce the unqualified accept-
ance, by 'his Majesty the King of HOLLAND, of the
Uhimatum of the London Conference, for the final
settlement of the Hollando-Belgic question. His
MAJESTY'S instructions to his Minister in London,
iVI. DEDEL, to sign the definitive Treaty arrived last
night. We trust Belgium will no longer madly persist
in perilling the peace of Europe. Enough has been
done to entitle her to quit the contest with honour.

The plot thickens in the East. The " cloud"
which political seers have been so long watching for,
is apparent above the horizon of Persia. What effects
the excessive caution of some Powers, the excessive
timidity of others, and the mutual jealousy of all,
may have upon the consequences threatened by the
storm now gathering from the shores of the Caspian
to the banks of the Indus, we presume not to predict.
In the meantime we copy from the Augsburg Gazette,
received to-day, the following significant para-
graph from the Constantinopolitan correspondence
of that semi-official organ of the Cabinet of St.
Pe tersburgh
CONSTANTINOPLE, JAN. 10.—Mr. M'Neil is expected
here. It is said that he has left Persia because he could not
come to an understanding with the Schah. Hence it is be-
lieved that hostilities will certainly begin between the East
India Company and Persia. This, at least, is the opinion of
mod of the English merchants here. Lord Ponsonby ex-
presses much displeasure at the conduct of Mirza Mohammed.
He finds that his character was misunderstood, and that he
should not have been placed on the Throne of Persia. Mirza
Mohammed, therefore, plays a very hazardous game if he
should really quarrel with England, so as to oblige the East
India Company to employ all the means that it has at its com-
mand to depose him. These means are great, and of
many kinds ; to which the Schah must inevitably yield,
unless he apply to Russia for aid. But, from what we
hoar, it seems that the Schah really enjoys the
friendship of Russia, which may certainly make the Cabinet
of London and the East India Company more cautious, and
remove the apprehensions of an invasion of the Persian terri-
tory, nay, even excite an expectation of the evacuation of
the island of Karrak by the English, on which the Schell
insists. Meantime the armaments in the Russian ports are
said to proceed without interruption, and every preparation to
be making in case war should be inevitable. The same is
doing at Malta. Accounts from Malta state that the English
squadron in the Mediterranean will soon be increased to thrice
its present strength. A part of the English fleet stationed at
Malta is placed on the war establishment. Three first-
rates are to leave the road in a few days to re-
pair to Smyrna, and, if circumstances should require, take
up their station off the Dardanelles.

The dissolution of the French Chamber of Deputies
—no longer a matter of any uncertainty—occupies
the whole of the Paris Journals of Friday and Satur-
day. We have elsewhere given the ltoyal Ordinance
for the dissolution, followed by a Ministerial defence
of the conduct of the KING in having recourse to a
policy very liable to misconception, in a country
to which the exercise of Constitutional forms
are yet so novel, as to be but very imper-
fectly understood b) the great body of the elec-
tors. Some of the French Journalists, ignorant of
the simplest principles of Constitutional Government,
and likewise a Morning Contemporary, who shares ,
largely in their ignorance, are in the utmost alarm at
the present position of political affairs in France. The
latter, after describing the conduct of the KING as
little better than that of CHARLES X., and denounc-
ing the resolution of the Sovereign, with the advice of
his Ministers, to appeal to the nation, as a coup d'etat,
similar to the fatal ordinance of the Polignac M,lnistry,
asks with great gravity if " insanity do no,t prevail
over the fate and in the Councils of France ;•" Might
not the same question have been put when WILLIAM
the FOURTH preferred Sir ROBERT PEEL to Lofd

MELBOURNE, and, with the advice of his Ministers,
appealed to the nation whether the Sovereign or the
House of Commons represented public feeling? The
conduct of LOUIS PHILIPPE up to the date of tht
late ordinance no one can defend. It has been at va-
riance with every principle of a 1.11-nitea Monarchy and a
responsible Goverint ; but his last act, so far from
being arbitrary, or unconstitutional, or insane, is the
very reverse, and the only one, indeed, which a Con-
stitutional KING, under such circumstances, could
adopt, He considers himself right, and M. THIERS
wrong, and before yielding he asks the advice of his
people. When that decision is given, the world will
be able to judge whether he is the madman repre-
sented—whether he will rule without a Parlia-
ment, or by and with their advice ; but to condemn
him at present for a step which has been almost
invariably pursued by our own Sovereigns, and
which in fact has proved the safety of the Throne,
amounts to something like the folly of contending for
a Constitutional Government, and repudiating the
great and main principle on which it is founded. The
aspect of affairs in France ought to be cause of re-
joicing to every friend of liberty, and to none more
than to Louis PHILIPPE himself. It shows that the
French begin to estimate the use ofrepresentative G overn -
went, and wish to controul the Sovereign through their
Representatives, in place of resorting to their old prac-
tice of rising in rebellion, substituting one Sovereign
for another, and relapsing again into submission, till
some new grievance compelled them again to change
the dynasty.

Nor are we without fancying that we perceive
another reason, and, to our thinking, a very satisfac-
tory one, for the dissolution of the Chamber of Depu-
ties by the KING at the present moment. It is well
known that were the Opposition to come into power
now the first act of the new Cabinet would be to in-
struct Belgium to resist the Ultimatum o(the London
Conference. To this policy M. THEERS is already
pledged, and we know enough of him to feel certain,
that in this particular instance he would amply re-
deem it. France would thus be dragged into
a collision with four of the Great Powers,
for against the Belgians Louis PHILIPPE dare
not bare a blade. Thus the peace of Europe
would be rendered subsidiary to the triumph of a Mi-
nistry. Now it is very clear that before the new
Chamber can meet, the Belgian question will not only
be settled, but we trust well-nigh forgotte❑ ; and
then the KING may, without danger, bow as lowly
as a Pump-room master of the ceremonies to the im-
perative behests of the electoral colleges.

The latest advices from Madrid are of the 26W ult.,
but they contain no intelligence—metropolitan or pro-
vincial—of any British interest.

We have not room to-day for the (we trust) final
protocol of the London Conference for the settlement
of the Belgian question, with its all but interminable
notes of reference ; but we shall endeavour to snake
room for it to-morrow.

The Corn-law Delegates met to-day, and by passing
the following resolution place their cause in the hands
of Mr. VILLIERS

"That Mr. Villiers, having in the last session of Parliament,
given notice of his intention to move in the ensuing
session for the repeal of the Corn-laws, be rcqueste.l
to place on the books of the House of Commons a notice
of motion on the earliest convenient day, with a view to their
total repeal."

MEETING OF THE NATIONAL DE
LEGATES.--(THIS DAY.)

A preliminary meeting of the above body was held this day
at the British Hotel, Cockspur-street, for the purpose of dis-
cussing th 2 rules laid down by the Committee, relative to the
constitution and formation of the National Convention. Mr.
Douglas (delegate from Birmingham) was Chairman, at the
commencement of the proceedings, who began the prelimi-
nary business of the day by reading ever the names of the
delegates present, with the number of signatures to the peti
tions from their several districts, and the amount of National
Rent reported by each delegate. They were as follows:
Birmingham and surrounding districts 94,643, 167/. ; Staf..
ford 2,000, —l. ; Fifeshire 45,000, —1 ; The Potteries
12,000, 101. ; Ashton-under-Lyne 13,000, —1 ; North
Wales 3,461, 371. ; Monmouthshire 5,500, 101. ; Edinburgh
5,000, —/. ; Dunfermline 16,000, 33/. ; Glasgow and liber-
ties 84,000, 60/. ; Newcastle-on-Tyne 55,000, .--1., Lanca-
shire 20,000, 1001 ; portion of Wiltshire 5,000, 301. ;
Metropolitan district 19,000, 15/. ; Manchester district
40,000, .__....1. ; Yorkshire (West Riding) 52,000, 2251.;
Preston 7,000, :5/. ; Nottingham —, 501. ; For-
farsbire 17,000, 281. ; Oldham 13 566, —L ; Newport
(Isle of Wight), —, 101. ; Ayrshire, 13,000, 130/. ; Bol-
ton, —, 251. ; Carlisle, —, 50/.
The CHAIRMAN then announced that the next business for
the meeting to transact, was the election of a Chairman for
the day.

A DELEGATE observed, that it would be a matter for con-
sideration whether the Chairman should be elected perma.
nently, or day by day.
The CHAIRMAN said the Delegate was referring to the
Chairmau of tho Convention, which was in fact not yet formed.
It was then moved and seconded, that Bailie Hugh Craig,
(delegated from Ayrshire), should be Chairman of the day,
which was carried unanimously. An eloquent and impressive
prayer was then offered up by Dr. Wade (who is a delegate
from Nottingham). After which, the meeting proceeded to
the election of a Secretary, and were discussing this business
when our Reporter left.
Mr. Lovett ( Secretary to the Working Man's Association),
and Mr. Handley (from Birmingham) were severally proposed.

MEETING OF THE DELEGATES
ON THE ANTI-CORN-LAW QUESTION.

A meeting of Anti-Corn-lawDelegates took place to-day,
at one o'clock, at Brown's Hotel, Westminster, to consider
the measures to be adopted in the ensuing Session.
The resolutions agreed to at the Chamber of Commerce in
Manchester, were adopted by the Delegates.
About two o'clock, Mr. Ewart, Dr. Bowring, and Mr. Vil-
liers, M. P., entered the room. Mr. Thornely, M. P., and
Col. Thompson were also present.
A Deputation from the London Anti-Corn-law Association
attended.

Mr. AIKKN proposed that Mr. Parkes should be appointed
Agent to the Anti-Corn-Law Association, and Mr. Austen
Counsel. The same gentleman recommended that steps
should be immediately taken to secure an interview with Lord
Melbourne.

The CHAIRMAN said, that many delegates having conscien-
tioui objections to travelling on Sundays, only a few delegates
had yet arrived; to-morrow, or nest day, more active measures
could be taken.
After some discussion, it was agreed that the motion for ap-
pointing Counsel, &c., be postponed till to-morrow, when
there would be a full attendance of Delegates, and when a
Committee could be appointed.
Several Delegates expressed their strong opinion as to the
importance of using every effort to gain permission from the
House of Commons to have evidence beard at the bar.
The TOWN CLERK of Stockport proposed that Mr. Villiers,
M. P., should be requested to be the Parliamentary Advocate
of the Anti. Corn-law cause.
Mr. VILLIkes said he could not see the necessity of such a
course. It might appear invidious to other Members. There
could be no doubt that he would be always in his place, and
ready to do whatever he could for the cause.—( Hear.)
Mr. ASHURST remarked that some expectation had been en-
tertained that Mr. Hume would, on the Address, move an
amendment with an Anti-Corn-law tendency a course which
might prejudice the success of the cause.—(dear.)
Dr. HO WRING suggested it would be as well that Mr. Villiers
bring should o give
theq
noticeu e s
ti 0 tn.o :1210rroz (
lie:
This was ultimately agreed to, and it was se'tled that the
rtbhaetar, on.) a certain day Le should
Delegates should meet to-morrow at 11.

MONEY AND COMMERCIAL NEW:-.

CITY (TEIS DA Vi, TWELVE 0' CLO CK
The Royal William steamer has arrived from New York,
left the 16th January, by which we have received papers to the
17th January,
Jamaica papers to the 26th December, state that the Le-
gislature had been prorogued, after a short meeting ; the As-
sembly and the Governor had separated under the influence of
highly excited feeling 3; the Assembly appears determined to
adhere to the resolutions passed by that Assembly, on the
subject of taxation, and that subject is again to be referred to
her Majesty's Ministers.

The 'Gibraltar Chronicles to the 20th January, and Malta
Papers to the 9th Jan. do not contain news of any importance.
According to the accounts from Brussels, some fear was en-
tertained that disturbances would have taken place, owing to
the popular demonstrations on the sitting of the Chamber of
Representatives on Jan. 1. Two battalions of infantry and
a squadron of guards was arranged in order of battle, over-
facing the Chamber of Deputies. Fifty gendarmes formed
the police, preventing crowds from assembling. A battalion was
shut up in the Palace ; a half-battery of artillery was placed
in the Court-yard of the ancient palace of the Prince of Orange.
General Buzen bad the Command in-Chief, and refused the
aid of the civic guard. At the first signal of pillage, orders
were given to fire.

THIL FUNDS.
Consols, which closed on Saturday at 02f, buyers for the
Account, opened this morning at 92i for Money and the
Account, with little doing as yet'; Exchequer Bills, 66 68 ;
India Bonds, 62 64; Bank Stock, 202,E 203; India Stock
2541 255 i.
In the Foreign Market, Spanish Active, which closed on
Saturday 201 has receded to I9y -1, a fall of 1 per cent. ;
Portuguese, 35} ; Three per Cents. 24 ; Belgian, 98i- 99 ;
Brazilian, 791 60; Colombian, 28}; Mexican, 23124; I)utch
Two-and-a- Half per Cents., b4i ; Five per Cents. 1021 1.
-
The Jamaica Papers state that the speech of the Governor
was extremely mild, the following is an extract :
" I very much regret having been compelled to convene
this new General Assembly, at a season when absence from
your homes may be attended with personal inconvenience, but
a sense of the difficulties likely to ensue from the want of those
important laws now about to expire, would not permit me to
forego the earliest opportunity of appealing to you for their
renewal, and I feel assured your zeal for the public service will
supersede all other considerations.
",Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the Assembly.—ln provid-
ing for the financial exigencies of the island, I hope you will
be able to meet the claims of the public creditor, with a due
regard for the interests of your constituents."

PRICES OF STOCKS THIS
Bank Stock 4.03 .2;4 I
3 per Cent. Red. 93!4 !di I
3 per Cent Cons. 9^Ts !i
3 per Cent.

DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
India Stock
Ditto Bonds 64 62 pm.
South Sea Stock
Old Annuities 90%

Ditio Red. 100%% I New Ditto
New 3% per Cent 997,„ 100, 3 per Cent. Annuities, 1751...
New 5 per Cent.
Bank Long Annuities tocxpire . Ditto 5OO ...... CS 10 pin.
Jan. 5, 1800 ls' Ditto Small 6B 63 pm.
Oct. ln, 1959 — Ditto Commercial pm.
Jan. 5, 1860 —l Ditto Advertised
Jan. 5, 1880 — I Bank Stock for Account —
April 5, 1880 --; India Stock for Account —
Jan. 5, 1870 —' Consols for Account 99
PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Austrian Bonds ' Peruvian Bonds —
Belgian Bonds
Ditto Account
Brazilian Bonds
Ditto Account
Buenos Ayres Bonds — Ditto, n per Cent.
Ditto Account — Ditti Account
Chilian Bonds
1) tto Account
Columbian Bonds — . Ditto Account —
Ditto Account — Ditto Metallic..
Coluinbian Bonds, 1824 — Spanish Bonds —
Ditto Account .B,t, Sl % I Ditto Account
Danish Bonds
Ditto Account —; Ditto Account 1934 4% ISN
Greek Bonds — French, 5 per cent. ...... ... —II —c

, .
Ditto Bonds, 180...5 — 4 per cent.
Ditto Account -- 3 per cent.
Mexican Bonds, 5 per Cent.... —-- Exchange.
Ditto Account , Dutch, `Ni per cent.
Ditto, 6 per Cent Ditto Account ...54't %
Ditto Account
Neapolitan I Ditto Account 102%
PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK ,_

Paid.
R 'a I del Monte Mining Co., Registered G3l. lOs. Gd.
Ditto Unregistered —
Great Western Railway Company 65
Brighton Railway
i o ,don and Birmingham' Railway Company 9O
Ditto 14 Shares 5
London and Croydon Railway Company l6/. Bs.
Ditto New Scrip
London Grand Junction Railway
.. .. ..... . ._ ..

Per Shal e.

N ain Midland Railway Company 55
Bahia Steam

, -
Colonial Bank
- Ditto Scrip
General Steam Navigation Company .........
;PRICES OF IRISH STOCKS, DU :MIN, FEB. 2. • ~,r4
3 per Cent. Consols
336 per Cent. Stock -
Ditto Reduced -
Ditto New, 1830 ...... -
33.1 per Cent. Debentures
Batik Stock. -ICity Debentures, 4 per cent....

Royal Canal Stock
Grand Canal Stock -
BELGIAN I. UND
Actual Debt, 254 per Ce
Rothschild's Loan, 5 pc)
Loan of Thirty Millions

Ballast Office Debentures,4 per
cent —
/S—BRUSSELS, FEB. 2
ent.
r Cent. 96%
T, 4 per Cent. BfN
3 per Cent. 66
Loan of City, 1832, 4 per Cent —
Society of Commerce, 4 per Cent ll5
Bank of Belgium, 5 per Cent 5l
. _ • -

National Sejiety : -
—Brussels Papers, Feb. 2.
AUSTRIAN FUNDS.—VIENNA, JAN. 25
Five per Cents. Metalliques
Four per Cents.
Three per Cents. e AI
Bank Shares l4 '3,',
—AligemeincZeitung. Jan. 30.

HALF-PAST ONE.

His Excellency Sir Lionel Smith made the following
answer to the Address of the House of Assembly of Jamaica :
" Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the House of Assembly,
" The tone of your Address is a source of extreme regret
to me.

" I have the satisfaction, however, of reflecting that my
conduct has not provoked it.
" I have ever been governed by a desire to cultivate the
best understanding with both branches of the Legislature, and
have only been frustrated in that object by the policy you have
thought proper to pursue this Session."
During the discussion in the House of Assembly on Dec.
21, the door being still locked, the Provost Marshal made his
appearance for the third time, and repeated the three knocks
as before. This not being immediately attended to, he pro-
ceeded with a loud voice to desire the immediate attend-
ance of the House in the Queen's name, in the Coun-
cil Chamber. On the division, the door was
thrown open,- and that officer appeared at the Bar, repeating
the summons, upon which the Speaker and the whole House
went up, when his Excellency was pleased to close the short
and eventful Session with the following Speech.
" Gentlemen of the Council, Mr. Speaker, and Gentlemen
of the House of Assembly—
" I return the Council my grateful acknowledgments for the
desire expressed by them to proceed with public business,
thereby endeavouring to serve the best interests of the colony,
and I have to congratulate them, that no proceedings of theirs
have tended to bring this Session to so unsatisfactory a con-
clusion.

" Mr. Speaker, and Gentlemen of the House of Assembly,
" The authority of the Imperial Parliament to legislate for the
Colonies has been gratuitously denied by the late House of As-
sembly in the declaration that what was passed by the Lords
and Commons of the Empire, and sanctioned by the Sovereign,
ought to have no power or effect in this colony. I did my duty
in appealing to the sense of the electoral body ; and I remark
with regret that the majority of you, Gentlemen of the House
of Assembly, in pursuing the same destructive course, con-
sider such conduct corroborated by the full' and cordial
sanction of the constituency of the island.
" Although I am fully; sensible of the dangers' and
difficulties to which your resolution exposes your
country and my Administration, I shall be found
firm at my post, and, without resorting to that phy-
sical strength' alluded to by you, I am confident I shall
be able to, defend the weak, to punish oppression, and to
uphold the majesty of the law.
Gentlemen of the Council, Mr. Speaker, and Gentlemen
of the House of Assembly—
" I do now, in her Majesty's name, prorogue this General
Assembly to Tuesday, the sth day of February next; and it
is hereby prorogued accordingly."
We have important information this morning from France,
Jamaica, and Mexico—from the former, the dissolution of
the Chambers ; from the second (Jamaica) the still absolute
conduct of the House of Assembly, obliging the Governor
to prorogue that body. From Mexico, General Santa Anna,
after having joined the Government, attacked the French
and drove them out of Vera Cruz. The accounts from Lis-
bon are rather of a favourable nature.

Consols are heavy at present, 92f for the Account; Money
921- ; Exchequer Bills lower, 68 66 ; India Bonds, 64 62 ;
Bank Stock, 203 202 i.
In the Foreign Market, Spanish Active is very heavy—re-
ceded to 181 19 ; Portuguese, 351 ; Three per Cents., 221 ;
Belgian, 99} ; Brazilian, 794 a ; Colombian, 28} ; Dutch
Two-and-a-half per Cents. 54f f • Five per Cents., 102+
Most of the Foreign Funds are fieavy, and receded.
THREE O'CLOCK.

Consols for the Account, Oil.

BRIGHTON, SATURDAY —Her Royal Highness
the Princess Augusta continues to suffer from a severe cold ;
but, from inquiries made this morning, it was stated that her
Royal Highness had passed a favourable night and was rather
better,

Lora John Russell's Parliamentary dinner to-day
takes place at the Foreign Office instead of his Lordship's
private residence In Wilton•crescent. Invitations have been
sent to about forty Ministerial Members.
The Duke and Duchess of Somerset gave a sump-
tuous dinner at Wimbledon on Friday last to a select party.
The Countess do Sells had a dinner party on Friday evening
at her residence in Carlton-gardens ; in the latter part of the
evening there was a '.carpet dance."
The Earl and Countess of Lichfield and Lord An-
son arrived by the railway at Euston-grcve on Saturday, at
two p.m., from Banton Abbey, Staffordshire. The noble
Postmaster-General will dine with Lord Melbourne to-day, in
Downing.street.
The Marquis and Marchioness of Downshire, and
Lady Charlotte Hill, have left Easthampstead Park, Berks,
for Montreal, near Sevenoakes, on a visit to the Earl Amherst.
The Noble Marquis returned to town to-day, to dine with
the Conservative Peers at Apsley House.
Her Majesty's private visa to Drury-lane Theatre,
to see Van Amburg's lions fed, has caused such inquiries at
the box-office for a public exhibition of it, that it will take
place to-night, immediately after the opera.
