PREMIUM & OF INsuitANcE—tios 1 ON.

To a port in Great DO t. Ft Eq!cr, pal t). o r Portngai per cent.
To u. port in tioltsntl, Sweden, or Demnark....
To a port in the Meiliterrmtran . .
To t.IM the Cloartes, or the Cape it Verd}2
.....
To * pot t is the IVvit 21 to 3
To Et port in India Gtr (1,4,11 a . to, 4
To New Grleatto
a pod in one of the Se. Mates

'Veit ENC H
tiscElVAn tl4 1 s 011 1 G

. .
27.,-.»!ThelTinj;, win!. Out at two
,
o'clock to go to Rainsay. His Majesty rested at
Mont reuil.
The eiteention of the sentence againSt the toi-
distat Patriois of 1816 will take plate on Mon..
day next.
An absurd report his spread in Paris, that
Several soldiers of the Royal Guard have been
'poiinned. The truth is, that four or five soldiers
in barracks at the ouvelle-Frane were taken
at the end of a meal where they had drank
rather coplottFly. The Surgeon of the regitnent,
infoimed of the reports, hastened to the Com-
missary *of Police in that quarter in Order to &tn.
trldiet them.
The Corn barvist has been 'very abundant at
Montauban, where they profited of the few tine
titys that succeeded the rain.
Combas fallen 8 francs per setier (12 bushels)

in a great part of 'roulette-Comte.
Messrs. Wilion and truce, who were ordered
to quit Prance, left Paris yesterday morning for
Calais, escorted by a Captain of Gendartherie.
Pants, JULY 20.—Catbonnean, Pleiguier, and
Tolleron, will ondergri the penalty of their crimes
to-morrow. Th 4 Will he taken in the morning
from Mame to the Conciergerie, whence they will
be led to the place at punithinent.
Mr. Broughatn, M.P. Ilia beeri at Geneva since
the
The foilowing is an autheritie account of the
aCtual residence of the 38 persons comprised in the
2d Article of the Ordonnance of the 24th of July,
1515, and excluded from the kingdom of France,
by a hits' of the 12tH of January, 1516 :—Felix Le-
. pelletier, Eiceelmatts, Fressinet, Larmaque, Ha-
rd, ilarrere, Arnaud, Pomthiereul, Gamin,
Merlin de Douai, Defermont, Lary-Saint-Vin-
tent, Gamier tic Sainte',
Courtin, Vandetrne, are at Brussels, or in the
neigh( atr!tood. Stink is et Dusseldorf; Mix at
his' wife's estates near Hesse-Cassel ; Nissan() at
Grtitx, in Austria ; Marbot at Frankfort ; Bo:tlay
dE lit Meurthe at Coblentz ; Melt& de la Ttiuthe
at .Conettsuce ; Thibaudeau at Prague; Carom at
Warsaw; Lohao at Aix-le-Chapelle; Vire in
Itofisia, in the Russiao'service ; Reghttult at Phila..
delphiat ; Arrighi in Austria ; Dejean, the younger,
it Durhach. Real, embarked at Antwerp for the
United States Bouvier numulard, at Sarre-
truck, where he leas an estate ; Felix Desportes,
at Meut2 ; Clays,- in the United States ; Fotbin
,anion, at Rome ; Lelorgne dildevillei in tug
land,—hilly, Grouchy, Clause!, and one of the
brothers Lallemaet (cornprized in the first article
of the same decree) are in America ; Attyeihl, after
being arrested in Hanover, has sailed for the same
destination ; tallemant, Senior, and'Savaryi.have
left Slllyrila for Persia.
Aticorin, Joeit 12.—We have received ne*a
froM Africa, It scents that the bey of Algiers
bag engaged all the BarhArian Powers in his quar-
tet; and that the Emperor of MoroccO has tont.;
mehced the saute system of attack against the
Christians. Larache has been the theatre of dew
luisloffintet hamanity. The crews of the
:ships which were in the port were made prisoners;
• and the ships horned. Several persons were assas
6inated, and the remainder-thrown into slavery.
An Ante' icafi Ague/Iron, &unposed of 4 frigates
and a ship of war; has appeared off our C6,lSili.
Their destination is not k nitwit It is said that
they will go first to Ntipiet with Mr. Piackuey,
who carries a Commission to the Court of Naples
telative to the American property confiscated and
told outlet. the last Oovetnment.
The news front Smyrna is vety distressing. A,
population of 1204/O0 inhabitants still continues
to groan muter the rod of a test Twilit) agents.
'the inhabitants often revenge thernselves upon
the Janissaries whom they Meet &One. These last
&ire no longer stir Out of theft houses in the night,'
tut remain shot up in their barracks. The plague
Las ceased its ravages, and. left only the ordinury
• mortality. We are assured that a Turkish ego adroo
is *;bin{; to Algiers. Few ships are left in our
port. .It seems us if commerce was waiting the
issue of the quarrel of the Butopeaus with the
African Barbarians.
Marseilles has sent several ships which have
ell arrived safe; France is the only Power whose
flag sails unmolested upon the Mediterraneao.
The encouragembit given to comma tee by his
holiness hats produced happy effects: 'Me southern
province.; of Prance wake muumuus voyages to
the Roman ports.
Several ships Bye artning to take part in the
Avar against the Bmbarians.
DitEsbEN, JULY 16.---.)tir Cabinet is occupied
with preparatory measures for the convoCatioh of
[ the Saxon Diet It has been declared that the
' Dirt will he held according to ancient customs,

THE SUN.

•OL!N ut, i ►►tcr.ti:. rAraw‘t AV►►RATI

LONDON,
TUESDAY: JULY 30, 1816.

We have the satisfaction to state, that the
whole of Lord Exmoura's Squadron left Ply•
mouth on Sunday at noon, with a fine breeze front
the northward. Official intelligence to this effeet
has been rec►:ived in town, and the .port letter
again enumerates the force; which we subjoin for
the better assurance of the Public that it is of a
description to Slistsiin the honour of the British
flag anti enforce the rights of the British Nation.
It will he seen from the [trench Papers, that all
the African Powers have leagued together, s►nd
tl►at new outrages have been committed in Mo-

meet) :

" PLYM (Art- , JULY 25.---Wi►7d N. N. IV.—
Sailed tl►e fleet oniier the Command of 1,0)(1
MOUTH for the Mediterranean. The following
are the ships :

Guns Guns
(,In en Chntiol te 110 JaStilt ....... • • 18
Impregnable

Superb
Miudeu . l4 Britomart

Albion

Leander
Glasgow

Severn
Gr:impos ...... Delzebub
Ilebrus 'l6 Fury

Thaw. 32 Camel du.
borer • 32 And a Brig."

We have this morning- both French and DOA
Papers, the contents. of which are rather into•
restlng.

The wretched conspirators capitally eopvieted
were to undergo their sentence yesterday. Our
Intrigwers, WILSON and Hance, have been sent
ant of the Country, under un escort of Gen-
risme*.

The Doke or Wet.,oNOTolf I expected to re-
main some time at Brussels.

Amt ican Papers' will be fotintl in our third
page they are of rather a. hostile complexion.

We insert a very ample Report of the Proceed-
ings at the Meeting held yesterday to promote the
Relief of the Manufacturing and Labouring Poor.
Considerable pains had been taken before-band
by the factious part of our Press to mar the cha-
ritable object in view, and convert this most be.
nevolent design into an instrument of political
hostility.- At the very moment that the rich and
powerful were .standing forward to abate the suffer-
logs of tke lower.classes, wicked men here entlea-
vonring to inflame the minds of the latter against
their benefact 01.4, and certain high Individuals were
even Marked nut byname for popular resentment:
Accordingly the assemblage of yesterday WO cgs-
graced by the iatroductiou of miscbievous per.

3otialitiel;`, angry disettiiionS on eittranious,
ltarty queStioni ';--;:the godlike work of th.rice bless-
'ect cluitiq was blasted by malevolence Stirting
up all the topic's which could excite discord and
...a • • • I
animosity--randnd the result,instetid of 'wing' an
honour, waS converted into ti rept:ditch to odr
tional character.

A
A Noble Lord Of some note, and certainly of
diSpositton sufficiently mulish and obstinate for
the purpose, took the lead in this liniities.s, ain't
there were enew 'of troubled spirits in the Hall to
Make a Parittenionium of cbi4ntfinn of -what from
its objet ouglit to have been iz heaven of har-
mony. These persou.s; either losing sight of the
purport of the Meeting, " to relieV'e the actual
distresses of the present time," or designedly over-
looking that consideration, in order to answer
their own vile purposes, endeavoured to raise the
general question on the Political State of the
Country, its CoMmercial Relations, iti Finance,,
its Establishments, and its Government. Surely
there is,no Man living so doltish as to believe Visit
these points were susceptible of being properly
discussed in such an assemblage—nor any man so
senseless as to imagine that if they were capable
of being canvassed by this short•liVed and hetero-
genuous Wittengemot, their, deliberations were
either suited. to the occasion or could tend to any
practical good. But their thoughts were turned
a " worser way," and like' their grand prototype
they might well exclaim,

Evil ! be thou my Good.

•
But we are glad to tale our leave of this fac-
tious arena, and desire earnestly to Impress upon
the public mind this great truth, that whatever
may be tha cause and origin of the distress which
exists in the Country, it is sufficient for the truly
benevolent and feeling heart to kuow that
it does exist—such hearts will teach their posses-
sors that now is the period to relieve, and they
will abandon the complex question of how to re-
move to those vain theorists who would debate it,
and suffer their fellow creatures to die of want,
while they laboured to establish the baneful posi-
tion that It was owing to the'mis-rule of their Go-
sernors, and the enjoyments of the higher orders.

THE PRINCESS CHARLOTTE,We regret to
hear,. that in the. continued' intilsposition dour
-amiable, and belpytd Pnwattss, her illustrious
Lord and the Nation,' are alike disappointed. in
the hopes to which the first symptoms so fondly
and so universally gave rise. In plain language,
her ROYAL HIGHNESS has experienced a mist.' ar..
rlage.—(Morning Post.)

BA 14 MILT the Essex. Pei!sstrian, this 111Dr3;11g
Performed his 738th mile.

The Royal Sovereign yacht has been thOtongh•
ly repaired at Deptford, for the purpose of at.
temiing upon the PRINCE REGENT at Brighton."
The cabins, state-rooms, and the whole interior
of the vessel, have undergone complete and del.
gant embellishment, and all the ornaments, &c.
new gilded ; the stern and exterior have not been
neglected.
Letters Of the 4th of May from Buenos
Ayres sta.e, that the time of the Chief Director
of the Government, ALVAREZ, having expired,
he bad been succeeded by Colonel BALCARCE.—
The Buenos Ayres Army under RONDEAU had
gained some wall advantages over the advance of
the Royalist troops under. PEZUEI.A.
The :Americans lose no time in adding to their
Navy, and in .accumulating hands. About the
middle of June the _schooner Brie, of about 80
tons, was launched ut Black Rock, intended for
the Lakes.
•

- -
have been severe gales on the American
Coast. The schooner General Pike has heel) lost,
and also the sliil► Huron the latter Was driven
on shore to the southward of St. Augustine.
The wife and f.tinily of Joscrii BUONAPARTi
have arrived at New York from Havre, in the
F►ench ship Good Koury, together with 40 other
.passengers.
Paraguay hai, according to report, formed, a
separate Government-of itself,. independent and
against those of Buenos Ayres pull. Monte Video ;
' therefore, at present, there are three parties form-
ed one ►tgainst the other, and each wishing to go-
vern all three.

MatiernoiSClle ELIZA GARNERIN i 4 to ascend
with her sister hi a halloon.trom Paris at the ap-
proaching fetes of Sr. Louis. In her ascent she
will•sing some terses_ 'honour of the KING and
Royal Fatuity, and will. accompany herself on the
harp.
'the French Papers
..announce the arrival of two
English Bishops at Calais, namely, the Bishops of
Ostorg and Sisteron.
All the Morning rapers of yesterday.stated that
the Mortar, which•-is about for be placed as a
trophy in St. James's Park, weighs one thousand
three hundred ToNs
The Chipping-Norton Bank' of Messrs. Conomg,
MATTHEWS, and Co.-has fur the preserit suspend-
ed its paymenti.—The Taimworth Bank, PAGET
and Cu. has also stopped payment.
Friday the High Courtof Justiciary met at
Edinburgh, %Olen Lord ResTot,t took the oath/
awl his seat on the bench as one of the Lords
Commissioners, in the room of Lord MeADOWBANK,
deceased. At the same time ALEXANDIIR 51ACO-
Noma, Esq.now Lord. A I ...r.vocate, and JitUitS
WEDDRABURN, Esq. Esq: Solieitor-Oetterat, also
took the oaths arid their seats within the bar.—
The Lotto-ArivocerE has appointed 1111NRY Flow.
MICUUMICK, and Jaxel
ALLAS ENTC.D:FULC•AtinICateIe
