i.t°' all, the geestioe really wS. whether they were to i It Cr. IV. ROCHE thought that there would be nothing but confai-
have railroads in Ireland at all ? The Right Hon. Ba- sio' . and delay unless the Government interfered. NN hat had
I runet had declared that there was intelligence, activity, tG,a,(l4:'.tern
ntaeenetindißdeglgoiodum. clearly showed that the interference of the
ilortennily, patriotisot'enough to make railroads in Ireland
I
vl.'?thout Government grants. Certainly there were all
those Coo I things in Irelend. het, unferttmaxly, one in . -"qr. essaTON YATES said be believed that the Report of the
Commissioners showed conclusively that the people of Ireland
Would not advance in prosperity and increase in wealth unless the
1 le heat wasatiug to ihe making of railroads the Right Hou.
) plit of the Government was adopted. He therefore should fe Baron did net enumerate., viz., inoney.—( Laughter..gourd to support it. He thought the Government were fe"
just
(here. Ives not money in Ireland to make railroads, ard tined its bttnging forward that plan, because it wows,
not interfere ius:
L''et' had bad abundant proof of that. While there were with vestei interests, either in canals or raill
uads.- He did not
`nc. hundred rail-Dada le England, how many were there in think it anssible that such a system. of
rs'aitroads as the welfare of
Ireland , ee ,
, wit' one completed, and that of the length of Ireland required could
.be establi;
'even miles.—•( Haar, hear, a itd a laugh.) But how was
that even completed ? Be a loan front Government of
60,000/. There were two other railroads going on in had he in found that capital
in nth e completion of.
lion iti that ' -erred by private exertions. It
. could not be raised even in England
most of the railroads now its course of forma-
eountry. Very few of them were likely to yield
'lie North of Ireland there wes the Armagh line, the I)" 'fees eufficient to tempt speculators.—(Hear, hear.) Large
P'aPrielors of which had appl'cd for a loan of 20,0001, , ,tails of money were transmitted to America for the construction of
but they were not yet able to get it. Private money h• Ail (06: 'eat'laealls. Because six per cent, interest was given and a se_
, '"' curie of Gevernment pledge. He believed that the object of rail.
ri2t made a single eailread in Ireland,
and at
a me
.aarset " waysYif attained at all in Ireland, must be effected by the aid of
(1- the Subscribers of the Armagh R. rilway, it
.-
,Eas
nia, _
oe Government. He saw no greater reason why the Government of
4 t'llbjeet of 'great complain:. that the G ,ma:re
..rent had pro- this country should not enter into such enterprizee than the Govern-
rn:sed 20.000 i . but had not reo-aated it,
if ;he apeoulait'on meats of France, of Belgium, and of the United States. The
"'Ca:Tiled who would profit by it- .
-the rub!ie.- The in. wretched condition of' the peasantry its Ireland was most lament-
ere t woubi coene beck—rho
t s.
trotire itrolits would belong able, yet their patience was beyond all praise, seeing that they were
i " th,, Imi.thiit% t. ,id inst,,,il oc " 0 . .'. i ~• .. dviag by hundreds, aye, almost by thousands, through the
SS th, , . ~ .
.. , .fa Taaos nettle, a monopoly,
..) were in ienera : r m m r
public prop arty. cruelty of hard and unfeeling landlords. In Carlo- alone three
p - ...d. to ta creme tn •y would become -
thousand men had been turned out withaut a bed on which to
e ii):tai
tiitil,..,i;e:_tiar;d.. - ei)p.erienc.e showed they could not Islet . ,
-
s Isp -ssionate Commissioners had re..
in the course of his travels through Irelare'shed r 1 co :erect that the
per cent. in gcner.il, and 4:1-,-. per cent. at the
optedmi•erable condition of the peasantry was 'the cause of the outrages
1,,,fea., vies the highest pr•,..fit th it coula be made on the which were unhappily so common ; and that honest Quaker, Mr.
i. ea. ds in Ireland. \‘• as there a rigle capitalist Binns—(A laugh from the Opposition)—sent by Government—
-I,nr.P;alglt.tod that would lend his capital with a.prc.spect of (Ano.her laugh)—as an Assistant Commissioner on the Poor-law
.-s's, ana with a chance of getting no greater profit, than inquiry, summed up his report by saying, that it was natural the
'ls per cent.? Would they find aoy One on the Stock Ex- Peasantry skould resent such cruel neglects His (Mr. A. Yated's)
ohat,
,rh •g, Pho would lend them money si ith such a prospect? opinion was, that unless you gave employment to these peasantry,.
I 7, at hero. t was. conclusive a.rainet their getting money by they would remain in their unhappy condition; and as a means of
',-)41., andif the Government 'did not take up the matter- promoting that desirable object, he should support the Bill recom-
-1 nee Could
~...0. not have railroads at all in Ireland. lie was f.r mended by the Noble Lord.—(Cries of question.)
_Tv. lti admitting that what they hal done in 'England was Mr- HUME said he wished to make a few observations upon
f.l 'se, leaving to private individuals the moneapoly of those what had passed. Ile was satisfied that the re.earks which had
inWaysbeen made by the Right Honourable Baronet the Member for
loge ''—( Hear, hear-) If there was ode principle of Tarn a orth as to what the Government wool, be compelled to do if
more than another familiar to lawyers it was this, that they once adopted this plan, were deserving of the most serious
'verY accommodation of going front one part to another attention.—(Hear, hear.) The House was now, for the first time
z,..-lld be given to the public, and that all roads were the since he had the honour of a seat there, called upon to undertake a
ung's highways. When the Horsham road was first farmed great work of public commercial speculation—(Hear, hear, hear)—
"°d gravelled it was opened for the entire 'public , and was and it behoved them to &certain to what extent that plan would
'ailed the King's highway. So when i'i was Macadam- have to be carried, and what were the means to be used. He thought
,teed it vvas still the King's highway; ht.V.; now another sten that Ireland might by private enterprise accomplish all that
Government intended to do. He was satisfied that
''''R•l been teken—railroads had been invented, but Chetv
• , • 'laded 1?0 longer the King s highway, nor for the public the Government in beginning could not stop short of one line.—
(Hear, hear.) It was quite fitting that the Government should lay
i,.. emence. They had been allowed. to get into the hands their plan before the House; but full opportunity should be given
t Private individuals. They were rnotiodolie.,. Day by for receiving suggestions aOM different patties with a view of car-
e ,3:ethe machinery got slower aott 'she charges higher.— rying out a complete system. He was one of those who thought
hear.) The London and Liverpool Railway Com- that it was impossible while railways were making such rapid pro-
) snY had regulations compelling people to sign an under- r,ress throughout the civilized world, that Ireland should be left
t'",king that if a passenger's eareiage was injured by ;Icel. behind.—'(Bear.) The question was, whether the people of Eng_
`..cot or by the misconduct of men-szrvants that they land and Scotland thould be called upon to do that work for war
,szieodttlant)
part of the country, while there might be equal claims on the part
against
comped.ed to pay. ; and. this mono of was
of Scotland ? He did not say that to discountenance Railways in
te_un the public. It might have been too bold a Ireland he approved of their introduction, and it was only neces.
,„i•_c
.e for any Ministty to lay out 10 or 20 millions in the `wry for her Majesty'sGove.niment to consider the means and resources
I'7 .91ation of a Railway bet we( n London and Liverpool, et their command before they commenced their work. It appeared that
eiutt il. the Ministers had had the courage to do it, would the Government proposed to lend their credit to make thoseadyances,
11,11.. the public now have gained an immense advantage? and on the faith of the report of the Commissioners they expected a
of
Was not mere theory, ter Belgium and the Free States return of four per cent. If that was the case, he did not believe that
' the world, hall adopted this system safely, and with any opposition would be offered to a proposition which was caleu-
SUeeessi and the tolls were lessening. Ile wished we hated to produce so great an amount of benefit ; but the Noble Lord
could have a lesson from the other side of the At- must hear in mind that once he made a commencement, he must go
to the north and to the west, and he had better calculate the
'antic, ls 'he.. plan that had Leon adopted in all
t,,, ~;;41e of America, instead of being
.a detriment
•j,
rill',. country, had lessened the public burdens.
costhast iof the whole before be introduced any measure. Looking
Iv at the proposition, it appeared to him injudicious to form a
line in one or two places, and to leave other districts, equally ins-
c°u ight happen that there would be a surplus, and of portant in the opinion of the parties interested, unprovided, and it
it rse that surplus would belong to the country. Whether was absolutely necessary that the House should be satisfied on that
'ey succeed or fail, there could not by any possibility be a point. The Right Hon. Beront opposite had contended that it
'"Satod the English people by advancing the money. A great would not be right to commence with the formation of one
..‘,taaslboaftewhat had been said by the Right Hon. Baronet road, and he (Sir. Hume) concurred in that opinion, Allusion
d upon the speculation that there must be a loss, had been made to -Belgium, and he happened to be in that country
.it it Was most fallacious. He could assure the House, its 1833, when the question of railroads was under consideration,
'tul.lat if they did not allow the resolution to pass, there and it became matter of grave debate whether the Government
°llld be no railway iu. Ireland. A public hignway, as a
I.ll.l.llrailY was'
ought not to be a private speculation.
`'thee way had no reference to a c piton factcry, or an
,private speculation. It was a public highway, nti therefore y
country
duundertake railways or leave theta te private speculation, and
he would tell the House what had decided it. There was no want
of capital either in Belgium or in England, provided the former
was in a state of peace and quietness. But at that period
there was an army upon the frontier of each country, Belgium
rn ought to be under the controul of the Go- being equally prepared with Holland, and it was impossible to say
Ire i Ment' He was not, then, begging for Ireland, for whether in three, six, or twelve months war would not break out.
"asked
offered complete and ample security for all the money she 1 Under such circumstances it was impossible. to have the works car.
k d for. She offered the security of all the county-rates in the ried on by private speculation, and they were undertaken by the
distractti,euo through which the Railway passed. "We only want," said I Government, He thought there was something similar in the state
n. and Learned Gentleman, " we only want the use of your 1 of Ireland at the present moment. He would ask the House if there
'redit, as you h
our _ ave taken very good care that we shall have none of , was any want of capital in England ? There was none, if it could
forl, uwn.—(Loud laughter.) Surely when the picture, painted so : only be supplied with security and safety. An Honourable Member
sy, by the Noble Lord, is now before yore, I may call upon you I had stated that capital was flowing in very rapidly, and it was ad-
'me sympathising feeling for Ireland before you vote against I mitted that large sums were raised in that country to be applied in
'"uch a resolution.
I the formation of railroads and other improvements in the United
Mr. H. HINDE though he fully agreed with all that had been I States. Within the last three months the State of Carolina had
%)oaaAd as to the integrity of the, Commissioners, still there was one , raised half a million of dollars for that purpose. In every State of
,int in their report which he viewed with suspicion, and tha t America English money was obtained on loan, and when they saw
'ss the estimate of 10,0001. a mile as an estimate of the whole of I every other country benefiting by the application of that Capital, it
at'lreland-,an estimate much smaller than any that had yet been made I was a matter of the most serious consideration whether they ought
Lngland, It was quite true that labour was much cheaper in ; not to make the attempt to introduce that capital into Ireland.—
,reeirel. than in England; but he had attended most particularly to i (Hear.) In doing so there might be some risk of loss in stoppage
'n taternents made by the Noble Lord, but so far as he recollected ' of the works, unless the Government made up their minds
I
the
lailwon' y railway completed in Ireland—the Dublin and Kingstown las to the extent they would go. To stop at the present proposition
ay—had cost no less a sum than 41,800/. With that pre I was impossible.—(Hear, hear.) It was necessary, however, to see
tent before him, he et:Rod not believe that railways could be exe- ! what security the Government proposed in case of failure, and
"Oiled in Ireland for the small sum of 10,0001. a mile. When it was whether the parties were ready to assent to it. The Noble Lord
~ciadleeruedlated that 4i per cent, was to be obtained upon what he con- I had stated that the Securities he had to
Oar were the counties, but
very inadequate estimate, he could not agree in the vote ' it had been whispered that the counties were not willing to give
'hen under the consideration of thee Committee. If the House was ; that security.—(Hear, hear.) He had seen it stated that at public
Prepared to pass the o he, for one, was not prepared to agree to it. I
meetines in Ireland the gentry were willing to come forward
Mr, LYNCH begygetiel, to set the Hon. Gentleman who bad last
towards the formation of these railroads. He should hope indeed
'spoken right, The expenses of the Dublin and Kingstown Railway ' that every man would be willing to make some advances for the
were no doubt great, but that was because the land required for
promotion of these public works. He hoped there would be no job
'lie undertaking being in the neighbourhood of the capital, was of Bing of the public money in this case—that it would be kept
eru.,,tmrse much dearer than that required for a railway in the country. ' separate and apart from that influence which had so often
'or such an undertaking as the one then under consideration it ' diverted the public money into the wrong channels,
"pni %let be remembered that labour in Ireland was much cheaper, and and if that was the case, he believed that it was possible
rat the land required was much lower than any that was required to the works in a manner which would tend to
For a similar undertaking in England. The Hon.
Gentleman had the
executegreatest
possible benefit. He believed there were many persona
t;aies
iil that by. ano_byc there would be an application from the coun as much, if not more, interested in the matter as Irishmen them.
.4, of Ireland for relief, but he would tell him that Ireland had often selves. Every man in England who considered the relative situa.
u rr°wed money from England, and she had never yet asked to have eon of the two countries would admit that Ireland contributed to
-.it remitted. He had the evidence of Sir John Barrington before a . England's wealth and added to her power at home and abroad. It
;,entremittee of that House, that England never lost a farthing by was necessary, however, to understand the terms and conditions
I.oa_. advances she had made to Ireland. He agreed with the Noble upon which British capital would be advanced; and he wculd tell
-tee that the Commissioners had acted with strict in- them why. Because in some instances faith had not been kept with
s.ta,2' but he considered that they had not acted according to her - them. The Irish had not kept faith with them ; but in that in.
.thi.7?'s Commission, for they ought to have reported of raitweys .
stance the Church was interested, and it seemed as if there was
ei,. ughout all Ireland. It was his intention to vote for the present some fatality connected with the Church.—(Hear, hear.) With
-„enre, even though it did not extend to the part of the country rcsp. ct to that minion,lie contended that the people of England
o ehn he represented. If the south-west was improved by the had been robbed of it.—(Laughter, aaid cries of
‘.No, no.") The
3,..aa"lishment of railroads, then the west could come to that House morn y had been given up, because they were told they could not
,1::' With Confidence ask for assistance. He undetatood from the get it back. In the present case, as Ireland would be the prin
,:lhle Lord that individual enterprise was not to be stopped by this cipal gainer, she should be the guarantee against any lots, and
j..:)ile, hie
_ suppose that individuals were willing to make a branch to if that was done, he (Mr. IL) would throw no diffi cultiesinthief
nth ' toe main line, would they, be allowed to participate in any of way. Before any steps. were taken, they should ascertain
()erprofiis of the GrandJunctian ? He was glad to hear that the Ireland was satisfied with the arrangement, and what amount of
n eminent had postponed the Northern line for he thought there security would be given. Ile agreed with the Right Hon. Bart.
tar b) be only one line from Dublin, with' branches to all the ; that the Government must become the proprietor of all the rail-
-arge t°"ass, the main line at- all events ought to go as far as Cork. ways throughout Ireland, and he did not think that any good
lioNlr. O'BRIEN—As the Chancellor of the Exchequer end the would result from undertaking a proportion, unless they went
, "',•andLearned Member for Dublin had Sowell answered the objec through the whole. He
nontechnicalthugt the question of immense,dtmin.
St ~,n__"a'ten to the vo'e by the Right Hon. Bart. (Sir Robert Peel), portanea and he hoped
.t.inetee unnece,sary for him to travel the same ground. The qurs. the way of granting assistance_ to that country.—(clear, ea
.)ble
e,„_,was, whether Railway enterprise should he encouraged in Ire- Sir ROBERT INGLIS said that one part of the
.Honoura
.eatui.but before he proceeded to that part of the case he begged to Member's speech had been spoken as the Member for Kilkenny, and
Dot the night Hon Chancellor of the Exchequer right upon one a part as late Member for Middlesex,—(Hear, and a laugh.) fHe
4- -,sie:t_ ‘He Was prepared to deny that all local improvements were would take the liberty of asking the Hon. and Learned ember or
tee „. c_u by Government aids--concurring in the vote as he did, he Dublin what security the people of England would have for any
fbelieVexit't'ss his sorrow that it was not made uuiveraal. He did not advance made under the proposition now before the House, if that
'of
tti et entire Gheaovtfe rtnheelreen
tvroinuld be a much greater difficulty on the part measure so dear to his heart, namely, the Repeal of the-Union,
undertaking a general railway system for ' should be carried ?—(Hear and laughter.) He would ask him in
othrennieteGhioeyeLolreland, than
for one great tine. The proposition of all courtesy and good faith if they were to understand that the ad.
ill
invulved an important principle—namely, whether vances now contemplated would be decreed with his concurrence
speculation 'rnment
"re
a proper authority to undertake a railway from the fegislature and general financial establishment of Ireland,
eederta. e
ainl.stead
of pi ivate individuals. If the Government could f should the two countries be separated ? He was not prepared to
rttseernuetlehntaandine for the north, he did not see why it should not for ! give the proposition his support unless he had some assurance from
western districts. He had a great respect for the ac- ' the Honourable and Learned Member on that point.
coot,
~,.. , zeal and talents of the Railway Commissioners, but he I Mr. O'CONNELL said that unless the Right Hon. Baronet was
that, 11°' account for their omission of the western provinces in i very hard to satisfy, he should be able to satisfy him on that sub-
Int el'ort • for
t ' '"rt P aur es
hde
(wte sti tht with ftt those 1 the , , he thought that a line passing through Athlone ject. He would solemnly pledge himself to introduce a clause to
horeeselailitisaniliwould produce a large remuneration, when` this effect in the Bill for the Repeal of the Union—(Laughter.) He
141, a. tr
Railway Commissioners
towards Enniskillen and Cork, i would pledge the faith of the people of Ireland to the Right Hon.
I's" t( th • Commissioners would give the natural I Bart. on this subject. The Irish people had never broken their
Dine 2.. their able Report, by furnishing the Government and the I faith, although the faith pledged to them hail been frequently broken.
efeeed wl'h surveys of lines for the western districts. It had been The party with whom the Right Hon. Bert. generally acted had
and teY shown that railways had had an increase of traffic four-fold shaMelessly broken their solemn faith pledged to the people of It e-
,,, en-fuld on
ae th,„
._, the Continent and-in the country. He did not see land. The Hon. Member for Kilkenny had certainly accused them
in .relay ought not assume au equal increase of traffic for the lines of having broken their faith once, but lie thought he should be able
for thea • He felt it his duty to return thanks to the Government to prove to the House that no faith had been broker, for he had dis_
rect.],
c'' 'there; and his advice to his constituents, who were di. tinctly warned the House when that million was advanced to the
data),
e:Teerned in this measure would be to accept the aecommo- clergy of Ireland that it would never be repaid, anal therefore it could
'arme
mr.
~ n. the terms proposed. not be said that in that instance they had broken their faith.—(Loud
GRATTAN also supported the measure, on the ground laughter.)
1 I,refatiTasksany others, of the Government being better able, in Sir ED WARD KNATCHBULL said it was perfectly true, as
.healtaitiat,„„:;Pecially, than private Companies, to meet the vast preli- the Hon. and -Learned Gentleman had remarked, that he had
..471I)ense of railways. The expense its one case had been so warned the House never to expect repayment of that advance; he
e 1,,,,,,17,000,000/. in purchasing land. Now he would say that perfectly agreed with his Right Hon. Friend and the Hon Gentle_
"Pitei 'of Ireland were entitled to this measure fur English man opposite that if Ulcer agreed to the nropoition of the Noble
tvarr te,egi'aa:. expended for Ireland, arid Irish capital was expended I Lord, they wc; uld be bound in justice to follows up the measure, by
i ' eland "• Why should not Governmeet aid Public Works in I granting assistance to other lines, and that this would be merely the
' t-'atiels ?as
well as it had assieted the Rideau and the Caledonian commencement of an expenditure which might amount to several
ferwao . nut Ireland had always been disregarded when she came millions. The Right Hon. Gentleman opposite had talked of the
the late' for aid front England in such national works. When security of the land of Ireland, of the county. rates being mortgaged
ere Mr. Leader applied for a grant for the improvement of a for the repayment of these advances; but he could not but be of
h..
,ilt district ' "e..hie in Kilkenny, the answer he got was, "Ireland wants opinion, that when the repayment of the sums thus advanced should
, abut ~.._,.
sate
_Peace and tranquillite." This was the answer we had be called for, there would be some little demur on the subject, and
te....,..!t the last eleven years, and which had been given upon that eventually only a very small amount would be recovered.
ti4''k'lliwiPa.'scaatim°nanfroifrirelotooryyoeta'
,t
loitiatlyis,
isan
preferred
best years before. Now in his neighbourhood He entirely agreed with his Right Hon. Friend in opinion that it
his own,. and there was peace and tran- was better to rely on the private exertions of individuals for the
. opportunity of investing money ; but English accomplishment of these works than on the interference of theGo
.o„,_ t in
e‘,. ' ountry had a!w "sting their money here. But the fact was, vernment. He did not say this from any hostility to Ireland, for if
tee ways beet, taking capital out of Ireland. There he believed that this grant would be to the advantage of that
,iv,... quit rents amonntin
e "barn, D_ . gto 70,000 L a year, and the Jentford, Fitz- country, by restoring peace to it, he would willingly agree to it;
~:e0,000..
_evonshire, and other estates, supplied to absentees but he did not believe that it would have this effect, and therefore
i rad he_ ' He could prove the amount to be much greater. Indeed he if a division took place he should vote against it.
ard from
hinted , good authority the absen ees' drain from Ireland esti- Mr. SLANEY said he should support the grant. He had gone
(4 la a' 3'°°°.°oo/. Then he would say as an Irishman, "Give through
,the country through which it was /imposed that these
bat c"
s'one of this. ._ es al e
~ , We waut the railway grants, not as a gift, railroads should pass, during the last summer, and he wished that
Illng., Thia ' fire Right Hon. Gentleman pnitested against Irish Hon. Gentlemen opposite could have seen the misery existing
1 • , eoOes. fezmt did he not himself, when secretary for Ireland, pay among time population of that part of the country ;he did not
"' in 1'
nth Lord Trelawney P Let t' is country now pour its capi- think that there was anything in the south of Europe at all equal
irtoe ". sister country. Let Olean encourage and develope its to the misery existing in this part of Ireland, and this was its the
~anar resource
)ai,,,y
of
Ens:,, and_, Ireland would become the unfailing county of Tipperary—a county not poor by nature but of exuberant
els ,e 4 the -e'anu, as Sicily was . once of Rome. He fertility—where the soil was as luxuriant as that of any county in
I lid
Present measure as one of great utility to the people England—but where the people were in a state of absolute destitu.
r. Ctd fo, haan.d he begged to return his sincere thanks to the Noble tion from want of employment. He did not wish to treat this
..,,j.,' oethin:tng brought it forward. Thetnglish capitalists would subject as a political question. The disturbed state of Ireland was
i';tit l'i.oir.e °bY it, and it was calculated to do great geed to Ireland. produced by agrarian distress; this agrarian -distress was occasioned
e t. q.) Lord had alluded to the tranquillity of Ireland. He by the people being unpaid, and in many places out of employment,
ll 'tePs to ihru,ted chat the present measure was one of the first and out of this originated agrarian disturbances. If employment
?iNlr, r`"e accornplishment of so desirable an object. could be found for this population—not merely temporary, but per
ttee a't/IcAS said that the Noble Lord had not given to the Cam- manent employment—he would ask if they were not taking the
, ..._"1 borthee ear indication of the course he intended to pursue as to best means for tranquillizing the country ? What was it, he would
'I ''e:ition,o7,r.riria.nd western parts of Ireland. The Noble Lord had ask, that prevented English capital from flowing into that country ?
tines he,'-'1 Incidentally that there were two Acts in existence for The want of tranquillity. Were they not, then, by assenting to this
' the between .
Ne, Dublin and Belfast. He wished to know what course grant, doing that which was for the good of Ireland—by furnishing
1,050,14),e Lord intended to take in case private individuals Pre- employmeot to the population, and consequently tranquillity to the
Gauss thrnenake, those two lines into one, from Dublin to Belfast, be- country.? Was. it not better
,to
.spend this money in the tran.
totr 0, know would not be a Commissioners' line. He wished quilization of this country by Miffing employment for the populas Veit of ireiwhat course he intended to pursue with respect to the tion, than in paying police and troops ? He would just mention to
) lay out , 'Hitt- lie knew that the Noble Lord did not propose the House the rate of wages in that part of Ireland. In some in.
°.,r.nt,pese
,anY Money in the %Vest of Ireland, but would be forward stances they were paid 7d., in others 6d., and in others as low as
, ‘..'e.st e ,:nose who were inclined to lay out their money in the sd. per day. He would ask Honourable Gentlemen whether
i ai ien.,,_" Was perfectly well known that there
1, the des Who
wer were many rich in. they. did not consider that any measure that would tend
sp,sea
i. e ready to advance their money to proceed with to introduce English capital into Ireland would be for the 'rd eh Ile thought it was necessary that the Noble benefit of that country ? This measure tended to give employment
Il Beni(' give the House some indication of what he proposed to to the population—security. and tranquillity would be the conse_
ee , . .giurn and F '
'" lean and ranee were in advance of England in the con- quence; and security and tranquillity being once obtained, the intro_
liens
wa Management of railways ;in those countries duction of private capital would follow. He should therefore
(hatthe intere n°
danger of the public being sacrificed support this measure, believing it to be for the good of Ireland,
in _et. ants
.of the Railway Companies, because he believed even if he thought they should not get back half the money ad.
,tl,hose
co'uvntr3iret,llill that was brought in for their construction in vanceal.—(Hear, hear.)
~.alei of fares , there was always a proviso with respect to the maxi. Sir GEORGE STRICKLAND was anxious to support the Go.
'tilisoeo
such pr
He considered that it would be highly advantageous vernmeut, and he hoped the House would not come to a division on
at
t- cc'ontry, Hen co
were introduced into the Railway Acts in this subject as he should have some difficulty in giving his vote... He
at t-e,a sufficient ben efitugi if thought
theit
a wouldxi
inb et
wigivireigcethef Railway Compa: could not but recollect that this vote was probably but the beginning of
obl:ne tY
event
cent. on the remmunerati-ngppriceo.faresf were fixed an expenditure which might, perhaps, eventually lead tosever.al mil_
hreaTeon obte:i e trusted the lions, and that he should have to account for his vote te his con.inieu,li.infrm the House what he intended to do with stituents.—(Cheers. and laughter.) He could not but recollect the
brd .
trhd
western line and ho the northern line, for which Acts great difficulty he had experienced in explaining to the
kr w
satisfaction of Isis constituents his reasons for *consent.
10 go Clow YsE Could not understand why the branch line that was ing to the vote of 20,000,00,0/. for tlse purpose of getting
'tot , ,ibel should stop there ? He could not see why it should rid of negro slavery; and he did not thick that, considering the
0.- to No
~lh_ . . Waterford. Perhaps the Noble Lord when he again ad- immense amount of our public debt a vote of the nature of the one
t10„.6 the House would state upon what groaind it hae stoPPeo now proposed would be allowed to pass without the strictest scru-
tiny. Ile did not think that this measure would be so advantageous
