NEW SOUTH WALES.

With regard to the Aborigines of New South Wales, the Committee
are happy to find that protectors have been specially appointed to watch
Gver !nelr interests ; and the appointment of these functionaries, they
hope, will be succeeded I,y that of ethers, corresponding with the extent
and increase of our settlements in that part of the world. The Commit-
tee took with much interest on the Colony of South Australia, as it
seems to promise some guarantee for guarding the interests of the no-
tives,"by making provision for obtaining land from the natives by treaty—
for reserving, one-fifth for their use—for protecting them by a Special
Agent—for making their subsistence a charge on the new Colony—for
instructing them—for building asylums for them, and for taking means
to teach them habits of industry."

The Committee have reason to fear, however, that, in some of our set-
Vements in New Holland, the Colonists have not yet learned to regard he
Aborigines as equally under the protection of British law as themselves ;
a princ:ple w hick seems to arise necessarily from the assumption of Bri-
tish authority over the whole country. The Act that makes the territory
a part of the British Empire, unquestionably places within the protection
of the British Government and law, the natives of the soil. " If," it is
justly remarked, in the Parliamentary Report, " If the whole of New Hol-
land be part of the British Empire, then every inhabitant of that vast island
is under the def_mce of British laws, as often as his life or property may
be attacked, and the appeal to arms for adjusting controversies with any
part of the primitive race, exposes those by whom blood may be shed to
the same responsibility, and to the same penalties as ii the sufferers were
white persons." No unimpartant step may be gained on behalf of the
Aborigines in thos, Colonies, by issuing a proclamation to this eT,,ct,
by command of her Majesty's Government, through the medium of the
Colonial Executives.

The Committee has been made acquainted with the formation of a new
Colony in North Australia, to which an expedition has sailed, and im-
portant considerations connected with another new Colony, at Port
Natal, have also been communicated to the Society. The necessity of
some measures being speedily adopted in relation to the settlement at
Natal, his greatly increased, since the Parliamentary Report merely re-
commended it as" the duty of the Government at the Cape of Good Hope
to exercise a vigilant superintendence over the growing settlement
there, so that any injuries done to the tribes might be arrested and
punished before they assumed the appearance of actual hostility."
Reasons for doing more thin this recommends may be found in the im-
mediate danger of having there a formidable independent body in the
emigrant boors, already referred to; who have placed themselves in
the neighbourhood of that settlement, and actuaily hays puldished a
manifesto of their intentions to select the Bay of Port Natal ar their sea-
port. It is assuredly not to the interest of the British Colony of the
Cape of Good Hope to have any other than a friendly Power so near as
Port Natal, where a constant influence may be exercised over tlic Tribes
to immediate contact with our frontiers.

To the Aborigines of British Guiana, of Western Africa, on the
Banks of Gambia, at Sierra Leone, and on the Gold Coast, and to this
situation of the natives of India, the Hill Coolies lately imported into
Mauritius and Guiana, the Committee has been able to pay but very
cursory attention. They exhibit, however, highly important subjects of
attention, and increasingly prove ever extensive in the acid, claiming the
vigil :nt observation of an Aborigines' Protection Society.
No greater calamity has been inflicted on the Aborig•r.es of Australia
and the South Seas than the transportation of our convicts. Aware of
this, the Constitution or South Australia has wisely obtained a spe.
cial provision that that settlement shall not be scourged with so fearful
an evil, by making it in any way a penal settlement. Their jealousy
arises out of the history of the old transportation system, and is but too
well founded. Extensive inquiries have been made into the subject, by
a Committee of the House of Commons, and corrective measures may, it
Is hoped, be ere long devised and adapted.
In an early period of the proceedings of the Society, it was suggested
by Dr. Hodgkin, that it would be desirable to form a library as early as
practicable, with the special view of circulating works among its mem-
bers, on the subjects to which their attention was called. Some valu-
able manuscripts of his own were very liberally communicated to the
Society ; and it is an interesting fact, that one of the first contributors to
the Society's Infant Library was the venerable Dr. John Mitchell, of
Glasgow, author of the Buchanan Prize Essay on Civilizing Barbarous
Tribes—a rare ♦olume, and not to be found in the British Museum.
In addition to a Library, the Committee are desirous of instituting a
Museum, to consistof the productions of Aboriginal Tribes.
With a view of calling forth xiditional attention to the state and
claims of the Aborigines, the Committee offered last year a prize of fifty
pounds for the best essay, " On the present state of the uncivilised and
defenceless tribes; the causes which have led to a diminution of their
numbers, and their debased condition ; and the best means of protect-
ing them and promoting their advancement." The period allowed for
receiving essays for composition extends to the 31st December, 1838.
The subject of a legislative measure applicable to all the Aborigines
connected with our colonies and commerce has been considered by the
Committee. Such a measure is thought to be indispensable; but this
Society, aware of its magnitude and difficulty, only ventures to call to it
the attention of the Government and legislature, without attempting to
draw a Bill. A change in the law as it stands will be seen to be of ur-
gent necessity, if it be recollected that in no English Court, at home or
abroad, can evidence be given by a Heathen native of Africa, America,
Australia, the South Seas, or the Eastern Ocean ; although cases occur
daily in which justice cannot be done except upon the testimony of
Heathen witnesses being taken.
This is one of the various evils to which Parliament alone can apply
remedies to secure the native people common justice.

Examples might also be adduced in the existing rules of international
law, which require to be changed ; such as the practice of exciting cne
tribe against another for our supposed benefit. This should be prohi-
bited by a general law.
The interference of Parliament is equally required in many matters
of administration, such as the improvement of instructions to gover-
nors, urging on them, as one of their highest duties, the protection of the
lives and rights of Aborigines, and the careful abstinence from all mere
discretionary attacks upon them.
Besides such changes in various branches of the existing law and ad-
ministration, a Bill should, it is conceived, contain the basis of a new
system to regulate, as far as law can do so, all the acts of the Colonial
Government and of the colonists which influence the progress of the
coloured races.

The Society in Its earnest desire to aid in affording protection to the
defenceless tribes of Aborigines, by appeals to public feeling and to the
legislature of the country on their behalf, cannot be justly charged with
holding the doctrine, already, they trust, well nigh universally ex-
ploded—that barbarous tribes must be civilised before they can be in-
duced to embrace, or even able to comprehend, the Christian religion.
So far from entertaining a sentiment so perfectly at variance with all
the accumulated evidence of facts before them, they have not hesitated
to express their full conviction that the only effectual method to civilise
-a barbarous people is to commence with evangelising them. " Christia-
nity is the parent of civilisation ; and true civilisation cannot be pro-
duced without it." At the same time this Society is equally con-
vinced from a view of the beneficial effects already produced by Chris-
tianity on various native tribes, that the invariable result of Christianity
is the advancement of civilization. The spirit of the latter is created -
immediately the spirit of the former is created. They stand in the re-
lation of cause and effect, and no sooner does the cause begin to operate,
than the effects begin to follow. The Committee consider the vast accu-
mulation of fact and illustration adduced on this point in the Parlia-
mentary Report and evidence, as must for ever have set that question
at rest, with all candid and enlighted inquirers into the subject.
And here it may not be unsuitable to remark that the direct tendeney
of this Society is to aid in the progress of Christian Missions- among
the Aboriginal tribes, by throwing the shield of its defence around the
Missionaries,.when unjustly aspersed, by upholding the value of their
exertions, and procuring for them occasional aid in the prosecution of
their labours, so far as they involve the physical and social improve-
ment of the objects of their benevolence.
One of the most formidable difficulties the Society has to contend with
is, the tone of despondency expressed by many in relation to the ulti-
mate condition of the colored races. It seems to be an opinion founded
rather on past experience than on any essential principle in the nature
of the case, that the coloured races must inevitably perish as civilization
and Christianity advance. Whatever past facts may be, and unques-
tionably they are painful enough, they are not evidence that no better
scheme of colonization can be found compatible with the safety and im-
provement of the Aborigines. We cannot admit the doctrine that the
establishment of a civilized community in the neighbourhood of uncivi-
lized tribes, must be injurious to the latter without supposing something
extremely defective and improper in the regulations and principles of
the former. Let these be corrected, and the evils must be diminished.
The capacity for intellectual, moral, and social improvement in the
tiolored races cannot be denied. Sufficient experiments have already
been made to prove, that with fair means of culture, they can attain a
rank of equality with the other races. The Canadas and South Africa,
afford illustrations sufficiently in point in Peter Jones, John Sunday,
Andrew Stoffels, Jan Tzatzoe, Waterboer, and many others, are names
familiar to the British public. What these have become by the pains
bestowed on them, others can also become by the same process, their
countrymen might become. It is education they require; intellectual
and moral culture will prove their defence. 11. Hendrick, a native hot.
tentot, residing at Grigua Town justly, though by a bold figure, con-
veyed that sentiment to Macomo, when holding up a pen to him he re.
marked, "leans to wield this, and it will afford you more protection to
your country than all the assegais of Caffreland." He remarked also,
" Thank God, I have lived to see the day when I have learned to know,
that mind is more powerful than body."
In concluding their first Report, the Committee feel that although
they have not yet been able to effect mu: h, they have yet entered upon
an important and wide field of labour. Their path becomes more defi-
nite as they advance. And although they are unwilling to stipulate
what shalt and what shall not be either the legitimate objects of their
attention, or the exact manner in which they must always prosecute
them, but prefer leaving themselves at liberty to select their objects and
to clieose their own mode of treating them—they labour under no diffi.
cuhy in slating that they will feel it their duty to watch all •novements
affecting the coloured races generally—all schemes of colonization and
civilization, all measures of the Supreme or Local Governments bearing
the extension of colonial boundaries,
en the Aborigines in our Colonies,
the acquisition of new territory, and the administration of existing laws
respecting the intercourse of our own subjects with the Aborigines of
our Colonies.
It will further be the duty of the Society to collect, compare, and
examine the venous suggestions that have been offered, and may he
offered, for the protection of the Aborigines, and to employ means
fr eo this to time to get them cerr:ed into effect, so far as approved—
thea to mere their operation, and gather futdie lessons for improved
measures by the experience afforded. This will include the obtaining
*ld publishing laws in our colonies on behalf of the Aborigines—a
careful attention to the appointment of magistrates and police—and
to the qualifications of protection--the prosecuting offenders--and the
appealing to the humane and enlightened portioes of our Colonists in
favour of the Aborigines in their vicinity. And all this will require the
greeter care, as from the immense saricty in the grades of civilization
from absolute be:ban-en to comparative refinement, found in A bcriginal
countries, it is cbvi3us that measure; for their protection Must vary

also, and can not be determined, for all case•, by any general regu-
lations.
With objects of such a character, and of so great magnitude before
them, the Committee hope to be favoured with the zea!ous co-operation
of their friends. To enable them to prosecute their important labours,
there will be required a liberal effort on the part of the Society's friends.
Without additional pecuniary aid the Committee will be embarrassed
and retarded even in their incipient operations, and altogether precluded
from entertaining those plans of enlarged effort which are already pre-
senting most powerful claims on their resources. Confiding however in
that support, as furnishing the means of exertion, they anticipate no
small measure of success under the smiles and guidance of that Divine
Providence which carries into effect the ancient predictions concerning
the reign of Messiah, " He shall deliver the needy when he crieth, the
poor also and him that hath no" helper—he shall spare the poor and
needy, and precious shall their blood be in his sight."
By the Abstract of the Treasurer's Account read, it appeared that
the Treasurer was in advance to the Society in a sum of 161. Is. 10d.
The following contributions to the Society were announced from the
platform :
Miss Gurney, Northrepps Cottage, pet A. Johnston, Esq. £2
A. Johnston, Esq 1 1
James Douglas, Esq., of Cavens
General Prendergast
W. Alers Hankey, Esq lO 0
F. Baines, Esq
Sir Jeremiah Bryant
Rev. F. Cunningham, M. A., Vicar of LowestefF
W. Dillworth Crewdson, Esq.

, .
William Allen, Esq
F. T. Atkins, Esq.
Rev. Dr. Fletcher 1 1
Miss Smith, Homerton
C. S. Tosswitc, Esq.
James Foster, Esq., per Rev. Dr. J. Pye Smith
EDWARD BAINES, Esq., M.P., then came forward to move the first
resolution :

" 1. That, contemplating the vast extent of the Colonial Dependencies
of Great Britain, with the important amount of influence for good or for
evil necessarily exercised by them over the Aboriginal tribes in or near
those dependencies, this Meeting rejoices in the formation of a Society
having for its special object to watch over and protect the interests of the
natives, and of Aborigines in other parts of the world ; and further, that
the Report now read be received, printed, and circulated, under the
direction of the Committee."

The vast extent of the Colonial possessions of the country devolved
upon it a responsibility which was perhaps higher than that of ally other
country in the world, inasmuch as it placed this country in a situation,
as the resolution stated, of either for good or evil, making use of that
influence or authority in such a way as to promote in a vast degree the
interests of the great body of the human race. When the Chairman
stated that there were three millions of persons in a certain degree de-
penitent upon the Society, he under-rated the effect which it was likely
to have on the state of the world, and especially of the dependencies
of this country.—(Hear, hear, hear.) In thirty years there would
be another three millions, and the population would go cn in
that ratio extending the benefits of the Society in an illimitable degree.
It was in his memory that an inquiry was instituted into the manner in
which the Aborigines might be served most effectually ; and he did not
know any one who had contributed more to that object than the gentle-
ma❑ in the Chair, who presided in the Committee of the House of
Commons. It might be supposed that when the English took possession
of foreign countries, they were benefactors and dispensers of blessings.
But in fact they dispensed curses instead of blessing,s.--(1-1ear, hear.)
Their course was marked by blood—by disease, and vice, and devastation.
—(Hear, hear.) It was necessary to present to tile country and to
the Government the real state of things. They were told that
by the use of ardent spirits, and gunpowder, and by disease and
vicious habits, whole regions were most rapidly in course of de-
population —(Hear, hear, hear.) The Government was anxious to put
an end to the miserable condition of the Aborigines, and hail shown the
the utmost alacrity to terminate those mischiefs, and wherever it had
the power it had done so.—( Hear, hear.) Lord Durham would go out
intrusted by this Society, and no doubt he would be as attentive to their
instructions as to those of the Government. He (Mr. Baines) looked
upon the Society as being of as much importance as the Societies for the
abolition of slavery and the slave trade. He did not agree with their
Hon. Chairman in considering that meeting a small one, or looking upon
it with gloom or dissatisfaction. On the contrary, he thought it was a
very goodly meeting far the first.—(dear.) On all occasions he would
avail himself of every opportunity to promote the objects of the Society
to the utmost of his power. He cordially moved the resolution.
Sir CULLING EARDLEY SMITH seconded the resolution. He had lis-
tened with great interest to the statement which had been made by their
worthy Chairman.—(Hear, hear.) He was glad that the report tad not
go to pledge the Society to ally specific line of conduct as to the exact
manner in which it ought to be established in future—(Hear.) No
doubt colonization, rightly conducted, would confer great blessings on a
country.—( Hear.) Nor was it less evident that colonization, wrongly
conducted, was a great curse.—(Bear.) The discussion of this subject
was calculated to greatly benefit the national charactsr.—(Cries of
" Hear, hear, hear.") The way to improve national, as individual
character, being, first, to make man acquainted with their faults.
—( Hear, near.) Ours was a professedly Christian nation, but there
was unhappily too much of anti-Christian practice both at home and
abroad.—(Hear.) We pride ourselves on conveying the blessings of
Christianity and civilization to foreign countries, while we are in fact
doing the reverse.—(Hear.) That worthy and useful missionary, Mr.
Williams—(Cheers)—had felt great interest in the welfare of this So.
ciety, because he felt that his success the South Seas was mixed up
in a great degree with the Society's operations.—(Hear, hear.) It was
no:, true, as had often been stated, that the cruelties of Europeans
were but retaliatory upon the natives : but European and American
cap• ains cf vessels allowed their crews to go on shore on the South Sea
islands, and commit the worst excesses—and when, by their pernicious
practices the anger of the natives was roused, and loss of life ensued,
they sailed around the islands, and shot all the natives they
could find.—(Cries of " Hear, hear.") Then was it to be won.
tiered at that the natives executed retributive justice on the next
Europeans that landed on their islands.—(Hear, hear.) Did it not be-
hove a Christian Government and a Christian people in this country to
put down such abominations ? In New Zealand and other countries
where Europeans of the worst character were already settled, it would
be beneficial to establish a good system of colonization.—(Hear.) But
in countries not yet visited by Europeans, the most effective mode of
civilising and improving them would be by such an expedition as Mr.
Williams was now prosecuting—that is by teaching the blessed truths of
the Gospel—and trusting to Christianity for civilization, instead of be-
ginning with civilization, and hoping that Christianity would follow.—
(Hear, and loud cheers.)
The CHAIRMAN requested Daniel Wheeler to address the meeting ; fur
though he was aware that gentleman was averse to appearing before a
public assemblage, it was important that the facts of the case should be
stated by such an impartial witness.
Mr. D. WHEELER then rose, and was received with loud applause.
Be said the statement of the indefatigable friend of humanity, the
Chairman, did not, powerful as it was, come up to the sad realities of
the case.—(Hear.) The object of the meeting was to form a Pro-
tection Society for the Aborigines of our Foreign Settlements ; and it
wanted only publicity to ensure success.—(Cheers.) It was the cause
of suffering humanity, and it must prevail.—(Hear.) Whatever was
done must be done quickly, for in many parts the Aborigines of these
lands were fast diminishing from the soil. In illustration of his state-
ment, Mr. Wheeler read several memorandums, from one of which it
appeared that in 1836 the Sandwich Islands contained, according to the
census taken by the Missionaries, about 110,000 inhabitants, whilst in
IS'2 6 the population was about 155,000. Wherever this scourge of the
human race, shipping, went, what was the consequence ? The natives
perished from the soil. He had seen a vessel arrive at some of these islands
from London, and on the following morning the deck was covered with the
wretched daughters of the New Zealanders. This was not the case with
our shipping alone, but extended to the American vessels to an awful ex-
' tent. In some of the Friendly Islands where the Missionaries were
stationed, these abominations were not carried on to such an extent. He
could not for a moment suppose that, in his enlightened country, there
were any parsons who were insensible to the blessings of Christianity and
civilization, and he wished to impress upon them that it was their duty
to extend the advantages they possessed to others.—( Applause.)
The CHAIRMAN said his friend who had just sat down had perhaps had
greater opportunities of knowing the real truth of the matter than per-
haps any other man. He, therefore, wished to know from him whether
the visitation of the British people, with all their intelligence, with all
their skill, with all the benefits which they could confer upon the na-
tives, had been a blessing or a curse to the native inhabitants?
Mr. WHEELER replied that where there were no Missionaries, there
was no doubt they had been a curse to the island.—(Cheers.) The na-
tives had no other friends than the Missionaries, who were always ready
to uphold their cause, and stand up in their defence.—(Cheers.)
The CHAIRMAN then put the resolution, which was carried unanis
mously.
S. GueNev, Esq., moved the next resolution, which was as follows:
" ". That on a review of the enormous wrongs inflicted on Aborigines
by European colonization as hitherto pursued, it is a cause of congratu-
' lation that a new and better era has dawned, of which there are promis-
ing indications in the awakened attention of the public mind to this in.
teresting subject—ill the labours of the Parliamentary Aborigines Com-
mittee—in the late restoration to the CaiFres of their country—in the
appointment of Protectors of Aborigines—and in some late despatches
from the Colonial Office,characterised by just and beneeolent sentiments."
He wished it had been put into abler hands, but impressed as he was
with the importance of the object of this Society, he could not refuse
his assistance, however humble it might be.—(Hear, hear.) The case
had been somewhat understated, certainly not overstated. Upon in-
quiring the other day what had become of the inhabitants of Van Diemen's
Land, he had been informed they had been reduced to 150, and that

they had been shot like crows.—(Shame.) When they saw a large island

like that, nearly as large as Ireland, so reduced, that was enough of
itself to shew the importance of the object they had in view, and the
justness of the cause they had entered into. Without even resting
their cause upon the greatest and highest privilege of the knowledge of
the Gospel of Christ, if they proceeded upon the lower grounds of po-
litical motive, there was every reason for preventing these inhabitants
being swept off from the face of the earth, who might have been their
friends, and in one sense their neighbot rs, aiding them in various ob-
jects of commerce and trade.—(Cheers.) There was no reason why
the inhabitants of those beautiful islands on the Pacific should not
become customers to us, and we customers to them. The object of the
Society had been fully made out. Heartily did he wish it might be
successful.----(Cheers.) The meeting was a very important one, and
thoti;ll but small in numbers, yet it was not without power in point of
influence,—(Cheers.)
The Rev. Dr. Ptilt Smut seconded the resolution. He felt him.
self painfully labouring under the incapacity to compensate the attention
of the Meeting, and, tl.erefore, he should only detain them for one mi-
nute. It might have occurred to rr any that there was a great objec.
tion at the tint mention of the thing to the formation of a new Society,
when the country and the metropolis was filled with Societies of the
most important and beneficent character. He felt the force of that ob-
jection, and to that might se attributed in some degree the smallness of

attendance at that Meeting. It was gratifying to find the attention of
the Legislature had been called to this subject ; and he was confident
the strong tide of public opinion would shew itself, and the Society would
be strengthened a hundred fold.--(Cheers.)
The Rev. F. CUNNINGHAM said a resolution had been put into his
hand, in consequence of the illness of the Honourable Gentleman who
sat by him, (Mr. C. Lushingten.) He had much pleasure in being pre-
sent that day, as whenever he read the evidence taken before the Abo-
rigines Committee of the House of Commons, he thought that there
was an absolute necessity for something being done for the pro-
tettion of the poor natives of these uncivilized countries. He
was convinced that something must be done, and he hailed
the formation of that Society as a blessing to both this country and the
Aborigines. The Society would be of immense importance in affording
the most authentic information, with respect to the state of the various
tribes on the borders of our Colonies. The importance of the Society
would be immense, as would be proved when they looked at the large
Island of Newfoundland—there was now not a single Aborigine alive
—a few years ago there were one or two alive, but they were
hunted, and when taken, shot like beasts. In Caffre Land the policy
had been to drive the natives from their pastures, and so close that they
fought amongst themselves until they were almost exterminated. In
New Zealand the same had been done, and the natives were
ruine 1 by the introduction of gin and gunpowder, end the proinotion
of weer atnang,t the various tribes; a'd working for the extermination of
the Hari, et Had it not been for their intercourse with the
missionaries, the natives of New Zealand would never have been
able to have made head against the colonization scheme of last year.
With re':erence to the civilization of Eastern Africa the benefit con-
ferred by tl.e Society was its success to protect the natives with every
other state of the people.—(Cheers) Wherever the English or the
Europeans had gone he was sorry to say that more mrs'cldef than good
was effected to the aboriginal natives. Wherever they had endea-
voured to effect colonization it was necessary to watch the motives of
the parties, for if the motives were mercantile c.r selfish, little or no good

would be effected. He was glad to see the exertions that had been
made by the Missionaries, and he trusted that they would go forward
in the work they had so capitally began.—(Cheers.) He trusted that
the time was not far distant when the institutions of England would be
propagated over all the islands of the Pacific. The Rev. Gentleman
concluded by proposing the third resolution.
"3. That considering the various sources of danger to which the
aborigines are exposed from their intercourse with Europeans, and the
probable extension of European Colonies, this meeting is deeply con-
vinced, notwithstanding the encouraging circumstances already noticed,
of the necessity of exercising an unremitting caution and vigilance
in reference to all schemes of colonization which may be proposed, and
all measures that may yet emanate from the Home or,Local Government
affecting native tribes."
Mr. Haw MET begged to be allowed to say a few words. He felt no
doubt that he should express the opinion of the New Zealand Associa-
tion, if he stated that he cordially concurred with the views of the So-
ciety. They were most desirous that any plan for the colonization of
that part of the world should be most zealously looked at by the British
public. The plans for the colonization of New Zealand were now un-
der the consideration of a Committee of the House of Lords, who would
doubtless adopt the mode most likely to benefit the country. The great
principle on which the colonization of New Zealand proceeded was, that
the land of the savage tribes should be made available as a fund for their
civilization. It was not according to reason or the Divine law, that the
territory on this side of the globe should support its millions, and also
those who occupied a territory in another part of the world. The
Creator had pointed out the fund most available for that purpose—
namely, the land of that territory. Under proper regulations the na-
tives of any territory would be benefited by increasing the value of their
land, by peopling it by a well-ordered British community.—(Cheers.)
The Rev. Mr. BINNEY, in seconding the resolution, said that lie felt
some degree of shame in having in England to second such a resolution.
—(Cheers.) The state in which the Aborigines were placed was a die.
grace to E: gland. They were in that state in which Malthus had said
they had drawn a blank in Nature's lottery. They were in a state of
infancy. In his conscience he believed that Exeter-hall Was the most
wonderful place in the world. In other countries there were temples
and amphitheatres, but in no other city but this was there a building
appropriated to meetings upon philanthropic subjects. There never was
such a thing before. It stood, like Adam before the fall, " alone in the
world."—; Hear.) At the same time he must say that he felt ashamed
at seeing so small a meeting, wherl the object was to protect their de-
fenceless fel:ow-men. The Society bound itself, by the resolution which
he held in his band, to beep an eye on all home and colonial proceeding;,
by which the happiness and interest of the Aborigines was to be
effected. He believed that the true colonial spirit was not cast out nor
converted.— (Hear, hear.) It was only changed, awed, and bound
down by the hand of authority. Whatever good was done in the
Colonies, was done, not from the principles of humanity, but under the
pressure of 1.1. e slave-drivers here—of whom the present meeting were
part.—(llear, and a laugh.) When the colonists were removed from
the controul of public •opinion, their hearts were changed. At borne
bad men were restrained by the consciousness that the public eye

was upon them ; and for this reason newspapers were good things ;
and it was the duty of the Society to carry that power of
public opinion into the Colonies.—(Hear, hear.) As a Christian
minister—feeling as a Christian minister—he felt it his duty to look
to the souls of men—to the souls of the aboriginists—and it became
us to seek that their souls might be sanctified. This was only to be
done by missionary exertions; but these exertions had been im-
peded by the manner in which the Aborigines had been treated, cre-
ating an abhorrence in their minds of the men and of their faith.
There was too much truth in the following observations, which were
written thirty years no, and appeared in the Ediabsergh Review. They
were evidently written by no friend to the missionary cause, and he
could not refrain from quoting them on the present occasion r—" Let
us ask, too, if the Bible is universally diffused in Hindoostan, what must
be the astonishment of the natives to find that we are forbidden to rob,
murder, and steal—we who, in fifty years, have extended our empire
from. a few acres about Madras, over the whole Peninsula and sixty
millions of people, and exemplified in our public conduct every crime of
which hurnan nature is capable. What matchless impudence to follow
up such practice with such precepts I If we have common prudence,
let us keep the Gospel at home, and tell them that Machiavel is our
prophet, and the God of the Manicheans our God."—(Hear, hear.) He
hoped this Society would prove a great blessing to the Missionary
cause and the universal diffusion of Christianity. Ile had great
pleasure in seconding the resolution.
The motion was then put and agreed to.
The Bev. Dr. FLETCHER, in rising to move the next resolution,
said lie had great pleasure in giving his humble support to this most
important Society, which he was persuaded would soon gain a strong
hold on the Christian public.—(Hear, hear.) It was a matter of
deep regret and humiliation that in the nineteenth century, after our
many and extensive conquests, and notwithstanding the efforts of
Missionary Societies, there was far more to deplore than to rejoice in
the influence of Britain on foreign settlements.—(Hear, hear.) " Ships,
colonies, and commerce," formed the triple support of our un.
exampled national prosperity—these advantages should have been made
conducive to the diffusion of Christianity.—(Bear.) But unhappily the
contrary had been the case, and the most pernicious effects had inva-
riably followed
.from our intercourse with barbarous or semi-civilized
nations—(Hear, hear)—and the hardy seamen of our country, instead cf
being the precursors of civilization, had been :he harbingers of devasta-
tion, and misery, and demoralization in our foreign settlements.—( Hear,
hear.) This Society would have the most beneficial effects, as the pioneer
and assistant of all Missionary Societies.—(bear, hear.) The resolu-
tion he hail the honour to propose was as follows :
" 4. That this Meeting contemplates the p ast effects of colonization
not only as having been derogatory to the natiosnal character, but greatly
injurious to the success of Christian Missions, and the progress of civili-
zation among aboriginal tribes."

The Rev. Mr. Ews (Secretary to the London Missionary So-
ciety) seconded the resolution. He observed, it was greatly to
be regretted that such a Society as this i,ad not been established
many years ago ; and that missionary• operations had been
much retarded by the baneful effects of Et iropean intercourse with
the natives of foreign countries.—(Hear, he ar.) He was, therefore,
most anxious that the Society should be well_ supported—that it should
have agents in cur foreign settlements, in So uth Africa, in America, in
New South Wales, to protect and improl 'e the Aborigines in those
countries.—(Hear, hear.)
A Gr.wrtrmAx, who stated himself to be 7111 American, here rose in
the body of the meeting, and begged to add his testimony to the ill
effects which had resulted from intercourse ,-with his countrymen, to
those who had justly been called the finest- race of Aborigines—the
North American Indians, immense numbers If whom had been, even in
very recent times, wholly exterminated by the mischievous results
of civilization.—(Hear, hear.)
The resolution was put and carried.
The gentleman from America, who had jus t aat down, stated, in a

swer to the Chairman, that his name was Mr. Thatcher, of Boston.
The Rev. Mr. Scar..cs (of Leeds), who said Le had come up to town as
a delegate on the Anti. Slavery Society, and I elt. that the objects of that
anti of this Society were identical—(Cheers )--moved the next reso.

lotion :
"5. That the thanks of this meeting be pre :wanted to the office-bearers
of the Society, for their valuable services, and: that the President, Trea.
surer, and Secretaries be requested to contir me in office, and that the
following Gentlemen be requested to form the Committee for the year
ensuing :—W. Allen, Esq., G. F. Angus, Es q., E. Baines, Esq. M.P., E
N. Buxton, Esq., Sir Augustus d'Este, Bart.., tosiali Forster, Esq.,
C.
Hindley, Esq , M.P., S. Gurney, jun. Esq., Gu Tne y Hoare, Esq., T. Hodg..
kin, Esq., M.D., M. Hutchison, jun. Esq., 11. Johnston, Esq., It King,
Esq., Dr. S. Lushington, M.P., C. Lushingto a n P., J. Pease, Esq. M.P.,
Ebenezer Smith, Esq., S. Bannister, Esq., yg. I.f. Higgins, Esq., Hull
Terrell, Esq., Sir Culling Eardley, Smith, Bast., Rev. A. Wells, S.
Wilkin, Esq., Robert Howard, Esq., T. Rose,
D. CREWDSON, Esq., seconded the rest elution,
which was Unani-
mously carried.
W. ALLEN, Esq., moved a vote of thank I tti the Chairman, and in
doing so, passed a warm aulogium on the. services—in the cause of
Christian philanthropy generally, and of this Society in particular—of
their respected chairman, who had so long pro veil himself the tried and
indefatigable friend to injured and oppressed bun ran
nature, in whatever
part of the world it was to be found.—(Cheer .s.)
The Rev. T. BINNEY, in seconding the resol utic,n, explained that he had
not intended to say that the colonizing, but that the Colonial, system
remained in spirit unchanged—that is, tha though where old col°_
vies had been fully imbued with the evil of tl sec olonial system—yet, no
t o colonization,car rie acci, ot
beneficial change had taken place, the colon izing spirit had, he was
happy to say, greatly improved; and, he would m Id, that he was rather a
friend
The CHAIRMAN briefly returned thanks, and th e meeting separated at
a quarter past four. on right principles.
lion,
The
resolution than otherwisehaving been
d by conducteda nis

NEGRO EMANCE

THE SUN, LONDON, FRIDAY, MAY 18, 1-438
