SPANISH PAPERS.

•BiNEZA, JULY 18 —We are under orders to
rtiarch to Manzanal,which is 3 leagues from Astorga,
,
tq taxe some rest, and to procuie some refreshments,
afiei• the late battle, in which the troops of t 1 line
Performed prodigies of valour front five in the morn-
ing until eleven ; and if the peasantry'had had a.little
more experience, they would have given effeCtive
assistance instead of contributing to the preservation
of so many 'Frenchmen. The firing began with the
troops of Navarra, Manama, and thegrenadiers,who,
in a very short space of time, gat' possession of three
or four pieces of artillery but a column of the enemy
having attacked that part of our line where the pea-
santry were poSted, threw them into confusion, at-
tacked the regulars in flank, and recovered their can-
non. 'Nevertheless some of the peasantry stood
their ground: nobly, as . all of them will do when
they are a little. accustomed to military operations ;
for this was the first. trial ; and.,,under all the cir-
cumstances, a retreat for the present is a prudent
measure.

VELORIA, RILY 1 9.—" You see I am arrived
1 here. Our army has retreated to Manzanal„ and a
part of them to nenevente, to repose themselves
after the encounter between our advanced corps and
the French army, the result of which, notwithstand-
ing our retreat, must, in my opinion, have caused
them a.loss of 7000 men. All those who witnessed
the first attack, even our enemies the French, speak
of the condu& of our artillery in terms of thebighest
,praise. The French infantry were, on that occa-
sion, compelled to retreat. Upon seeing this, the
;peasantry began to toss up their hats and caps, and to
exclaim " Viva Fernando VII." but ita the mean
time, our General, more prudent and experiene&l,
observing a number of column of 'French cavalry
coming along the mountains, addressed them in
these words : " My children, give over your vivas
for the present ; recollect that the vialory still re-
mains to be decided, and that it requires much yet
to be done." • •

" The words were scarcely spoken, when a fresh
body of from 4 to 5000 cavalry entered the field.
Our artillery advanced to meet them, and the horse
.and their riders fell at every discharge. Those of
the troops who penetrated farthest towards the centre
of the French army, and sustained the greatest loss,
were the columns of Gallicia, and the Volunteers of
Navarra. . The artillery entirely destroyed three
columns of the Fiench cavalry. We took one
standard, and a great number of horses ; and it is
reported that their General was killed. A single
artillerv-man is said to have fired, in the space Of
,seven hours, 190 rounds of grape-shot, and with
such precision that every one was supposed to have
done . eiecution.. Our General ordered that he
should, as a reward, receive ten reals a day, over and-
above his pay."
LAKE, JULY, ig.—D. FRANCISCO ANTONIO PLA,
Captain of the Spanis4 Privateer Briton de Rosa, who
is arrived from La Guyara, which 'place he left on
-the 30th of May, positively states, that his Catholic
,Majesty, 'FgItDINAND VII. was proclaimed in the
Caraccas, and at La Guayara, amidst the greatest
,rejoicings. They had received To telligenee of the
events which had taken place at Aranjuez, by the
Packet, commanded by D... 1 os OREYRO.

CORINNA DIARY EXTRAORDINARY, JULY :7.

Br ORDER OF THE GOVERNMENT.

" By a dispatch froth the General in Chief, dated
the 15th inst. information has been received, that,
in consequence of the imperious necessity imposed
tipOn the army of this kingdom to assist that of Cas-
tile, an assistance corresponding with the sentiments
with Which all of us have been animated from the
beginning, he was compelled to risk an engagement
with the enemy in the Morning of the 14th, at Rio
Seco; that the engagement was very obstinate, and
That the enemy left four pieces of Cannon but that
their numerous cavalry having compelled our left,
with which the army of Castile Was incorporated, to
give way, he had thought proper to retreat towards.
Benevente.

" Our General mentions, in terms of appropriate
praise, the valour of The Officers and soldiers, and
more especially that of the right wing of his army.
He expresses his satisfaaion, that the honour of our
arms has suffered no diminution ; that our losses are
capable of btung speedily repaired by the aaivity of
the Goyernment, and the known patriotism of the
natives of this kingdom ; that the Enemy is supe-
rior. to us in cavalry only ; and that the ta&ical
knowledge ofour Generals will deprive them of that
advantage."

REMONSTRANCE OF THE PEOPLE OF-SPAIN TO THE
SUPREME COUNCIL OF CASTILE.

(FROM THE SEVILLE MINISTERIAL GAZETTE.)

Spain had lost or was about to lose all that is dear '
to a great and valiant nation. She had lost a King
whom she loved, and a Royal Family which she
had placed on her throne, at the expence of rivers of
-blood ; she was about to lose her independence,
which she had conquered from the Moors by eight
centuries of battles and viaories ; her religion, which
she had gloriously preserved from the time of the
Apostles; her national chara&er, and the customs
which have rendered her celebrated and respeEted '
among the nations of Europe; the property of her
territory, and the personal property of her inhabi-
tants ; evell the very air we breathe was about to be
prohibited to us.

The Spanish Nation has risen with general indig-
nation, and has sworn to deliver its King, who has
been perfidiously snatched away, and to defend its
rights, which have been invaded by the most un-
bridled tyranny.
In these times of mourning and confusion, what
has the Supreme Council of the Aationdonefor Spain;
that august Senate, the sole bulwark of our Consti-
tution, the sacred depository of the Law, and the
righful adviser of the Monarchy ! -What has it done,
what has it attempted for our defenee ? A second
Brennus, prepared to bring Spain under the yoke ;
have our Senators presented themselves to death
have they even taken refuge among our brave war-
riors, who had taken up arms for the defence of the
country ? These questions the Nation puts to the
Council ; and posterity will put them also. • That
incorruptible and inevitable judge, the final distribu-
tor of praise and infamy, will either cover.this
Su-
preme Senate with blessings, or will condemn it co,
the contempt and detestation of future generations.
The decision of this grand point depends op the acs

the CounCil has performed.—Ali ! why has the Spa-
nish People, so loyal, so great, so generous, seen itself
obliged to disown the authority of the Supreme Ma-
gistracy?--You who defended with undaunted cour-
age the supposed criminals olf the Escurial against the
authority of a weak Monarch, and the suggestions of
a favourite who governed him ; you who under the
aegis of a proteding judgMent made them invulnera-
ble to the darts of despotiun already, lifted to stiike
them; hoW have you in such critical circumstances-
as'those that have since occurred, how haye you sus-
tained the honour of the .Nation, the san&ity of. the
Laws, and the sacred rights oldie legitimate Heir 1
You who.gave your sandion to the at of abdication
Of CI-14%111.ES the IVth, and fulfilled .the desire of
Spain by proclaiming FERDrNtklin You,'in
fine, who, possessing the
.confidence of the new
King, and restored to the antient dignity and consi-
deration which were due to you,-. were proceeding
under the same auspices to re-establish the authority
of the laws, having already destroyed the arbitrary
tyranny of the Minister who oppressed you. You,
oh, afiliding thought ! you yourselves have favoured
and given sanction to the bloody edicts of the Duke of
BERG, to the decree which raised him to the Liente-
,nantcy of the kingdom, amidst the groans of dying
Spaniards,. assassinated by his order ; you gave.your
sandiOn to the scandalous and illegal abdications of
Bayonne ; to the orders, of Napoleon and of Murat,
slirededto disarm the nation, and to put down the
public spirit, in fine, to the decree elevating Joseph
Buonaparte to the throne of Spain.
_ _

Speak, Supreme Magistrates ; Europe and poste-
rity listen to you
.Both one and the other will
.'fudge between you and the great Nation of whose
right's' you are the depositories. Why have you
taken the yoke of the Emperor of the French and
placed it on the necks of the Spaniards ? Was it
from the draad of his power, or in the hope of that
prosperity Which he has so liberally Prornised us ?
We will not here impute 'to you any other motives
of a more shameful nature.

yo -dreaded his p-tswer; you were anxious to
preserve the nation from those evils which it suffered
in the war of the succession. Know that a great na-
tion thinks 'no evil so great as the loss of its inde-;
pendence. The war of succession, it is true, in-
tliEted some grievous Wounds upon us; but it roused
us from the dull torpor-in which
,we lay under the
last Princes of the House of Austria ; but it gave us
a degree of consideration and preponderancy in,the
political system of Europe, which we never would
have obtained but for our generous sacrifices for the
cause of the Bourbons 3. but we acquired by it that
energy, which, under the ministry of Cardinal Al-
beroni, would have elevated us to the summit of our'
ancient .splendour, had not the timid and distrustful
policy of the Regent of France oppressed us.
Yes ! and how did you propose to deliver us.? by
means' of submission ! For what advantage ) that
the flower of .our youth 'should be marched, girt
with swords not their own, to be the instruments of
a barbarous ambition in other regions, and to rep,
verge On innocent nations the disgrace of their own
slavery ! that our 'properties should be invaded, our
temples polluted, our .charaaer debased, and our
customs dishonoured. From what evils would your
then have delivered us ? you Think you would
have done your duty When you would have procured
for us the tranquillity of the grave ? If- we are to
die, let us die of- a raging fever,
.rather. than of a
tedious consumption.
You feared we should not be able to resist the'
power of- Napoleon. You feared that the-Spaniards
could not, in defence of: their independence, resist
the wretches whom their destiny bad condemned to
be the satelliteS of despotism. And if we: should be
conquered, what then ! have not the Spaniards
known at all times how to prefer a glorioUs death to
a life of infamy ?

But you pared fir yourselves. " You were
threatened with proscription, with death, if you did
not compromise with your tyrants. To this the na-
' tion answers : it is disgraceful in a private
dual to fear death when the maintenance of rights so
sacred is in question ; but in a magistrate, in a sol-
dier, in a public man, this fear is something more
than a disgrace—it is a crime. You have purchas-
ed, perhaps, a few years more of office and of life,
at the expence of our independence. Oh, shame !•
Is it thus you answer for the sacred deposit which
the Nation confided t 6 you ? Is this what you pro-
mised in your Proclamation of the: sth of May,wheu
you. undertook • to calm and tranquillize the nation,
to prevent its taking arms in defence of its and•
its liberty ; when you gave assurance that you su-•
perintended and took part in all the businesS of the
Government, and that you remembered that you
were, front the moment of your establishment, the
depositories of the confidence and of the rights of
Spain ? Did you mean by that order to display an
enlightened and prudent patriotism, or was it only a
stratagem, intended to make the Country receive
securely, and without any preparation for defence,
the tyrannical yoke which was about to be imposed,
that there Should be then no time, arrangement, or
means to shake off that yoke 2. Flow will you an-
swer to this dreadful accusation.? In fine, if you
believed that the new dynasty would make the na-
tion'happy, you are the weakest of mortals. The
barbarity of Vandalism.is marked in the footsteps of
the armies of Buonaparte, and the most atrocious
Machiavelism presides over his political determina-
lions.' Never has happiness been presented to men
under such sad auspices. Europe is threatened with
all the horrors of the barbarous ages, and Spain is
to be happy under the iafluence of bayonets and of
perfidy." _
_ _

On the view of these fads, which the people of
Spain denounce to Europe and to posterity, your
voice cannot be heard by the nation. Spain neither
participates your terms nor suffers herself to be e-
duced by your hopes. Time will judge between us.
But, in the mean time, we will live or die free.—
Slavery is the only evil that we dread, and our hopes
are firm in our valour, and in the prote6tion of the
GOD OF JUSTICE.

CORUNNA GAZETTE EXTRAORDINARY,.
JULY 28.
The Supreme Junta ot Galicia announces the re-
ceipt of .a dispatch from the Junta of Seville, dated
the tt th of July, which states the arrival at Seville
of Don Manuel Torrado, Deputy from the kingdom
of Galicia, who is inyested with full, powers to unite
and concentrate the troops of both kingdoms, under
the authority
,of the_Junta ot Seville. .The Supreme
Junta of Granada has also entk.-!red into the same
treaty, consenting that their troops should he at the

1

I

I

disposal of the Genera: tr, Chief,
also the treaties already made, and those
be hereafter Wade, with the Engtiih Nati

Jaen and Cordoua aim submit f:o our
and have received Military Coiniz,..m(hrs fr,
The .greater part of our army is
toran ;troops, with every necessiry rerittis
at present neai, Andujar, on the eve of atiaCkit
and destroy the troops, under G.Nierail DuP:titi;
who in the most barbarous utannur sacked Cordoij
and Jaen. 'We trust in God to give a good account
of this army, and free us from such ferocious ene-
mies;- we may then unite ourselves withihat of your
kingdom, Valencia, Arragon, Old Castile, and those
of the rest of Spain ; we shall begin to destroy the
French at Madrid, and . follow .them up until we
,drive them out of the kingdom. • For so weighty an
utidertakitig it is necessary all should unite into the
cloSest compaa, and of free accord ; and, in order
to facilitate this grand objeti, we have prepared a
ritunber of copies of a paper ;styled Premintiuns;
which we hope has duly arrived.
The Canary Islands have sent us Deputies, and
eve remaitriaohe most perfect union:

PE4M THE SEVILLE GAZETTE General Sa-
bran arrived here (Tarragon) on the 7th of June,
with 3400 infantry and Gun cavalry, but did nut date
to enter the city, though it, was undefended, till
Ir.
Smith went out to receive.him. The following
-day, in the'morhing, he detached Woo men, who
were obliged to return; because the peasants stopped
'the passes. They said they were going to Valencia ;
but after putting in execution their threats of plun-
dering the house., and committing a thousand acts
Of inhumanity and sacrilege, they marched thr Bar-
Celoni.. On the t Bth, we learn,
_that being inter-
rupted in their march ‘by the peasantry and people
of the' neighbouring towns, they designed to return
thither. Upon this-we put ourselves iu a state of
defence, planted the walls with artillery, and sent an
Adjutantto the peasantry to take the dire6tion of
them, and to supply them with powder and ball.—
The French set fire to-the church of Arbos, and to
virio, is houses and villages. At length tine rage of the
pea Kink became ungovernable. They took post on
the summit and steep sides or a hollow road with. a
ravine, the bridge of which they broke down; and
in this position they waited for the French. The
first column of the enemy's chasseurs was mowed
dOwo althost to a man by 11:4 first discharge, their
infantry tell into diSorder, and, thanks to the con-
stauX tire kept up it wag unable to rally. General
Sabran wasshordeadlay a person of the name of
Valdes. .iVot a single Frenchman escaped being killed
or made prisoner."

EsTF .LA, JULY 7.-4-" We. are almost entirely
cut on from any coutinutik:ation with the rest of
Spain, being surrounded by French troops, who are
a most gri.tvous burden upon the inhabitants'ot tins
place ditotateemirons, •It appears;that within four
days the French Emperor will cause his beloved bro-
'therdole'nir. to be proclaimed in the Provinces King
aria lawful Sovereign of Spain ; and that the dharm-
edLinhubitauts will speedily enjoy the presence of so
.amiable :a Monarch. As his Majesty has been
pleased to remit the tax of the quarto and quartillo,
among-thq grand festivities attending his Proclama-
tion, extraordinary honours will no doubt be paid
to the -jolly Bacchus, the god to. whom our
new-made -King pays his chief devotion !
Wretch-that lie is,!,Can.he think that the Spanish
veople,.for-Ple beisg.-tr.ty consideration of Jim, nza-
raacclies, will renounce their right to the preserva-
tion of their religion, their customs, and their laws ?
Yet, t his «as the first ad- of his imaginary 'soveregn-
ty. His •sagacious Counsellors told him, that the
cloud of ,opposition which *was formed in Spain
against-himself and his brother would be instantly
dissipated, upon, his remitting the tax, on wine, and
promising to regulate the expenditure of the Royal
Establishment. But our public papers have already
tohjAheso, that ald this and more will not do. The
Spaniards are not so penurious as to grudge what is
expended 4i. the Royal Palace; in maintaining the
dignity of our Sovereigns. Hirt that particular there
'be room for any reform, let them give us back our
Ferdinand, and let him and us consult about what is
proper to, be done.; but no ! cost what it may,
Joseph must-be King of Spain." •

I

•
, rit
ion,
row us.
ur
Ii
at; a•ck
