TRURO RACES.

ThasnaY, AUG. 19.—A Plate, value 50 sous. given by
the Members of the Borough, for horses not thorough-
bred. Heats, two miles.

Captain Carthew's ch. g. Moses, 6 yrs 1 1
Mr. L. C. Daubuz's b. m. Candidate, 4 yrs 2 2
A Plate of 20 soya. given by the Corporation of Truro,
added to a Sweepstakes of three sour. each. Heats, two
miles.
Mr. Pascx)e's b. m. Sandhapper, 4 yrs
Mr. Trelawny's b. f. Elfrida, 3 yrs.. 2 2
Mr. Peter named Mr. Park's b. ;n. Flora, 5 yrs 3 3
A Ladies' Cup, for horses net thorough-bred. Heats, two

miles. -
Mr. R. Peter's ch. in. Mirandola, 5 vrs . 1 0 1
Mr. Taunton's br. m. Eglentine, aged
Mr. Nottle's ch. g. Trooper, aged

WEDNESDAY.—A Sweepstakes of 5 sous. each, heats
two miles, was won by Captain Carthew's ch. g. Moses.
A Gold Cup, given by the inhabitants of Truro, for horses
not thorough-bred. Heats, two miles.
Captain Carthew's ch. g. Moses 1 1
Mr. L. C. Daubua's b. in. Candidate
Mr, Taunton's br. m. Eglentine 3 3
Mr. R. Peter's ch. m. Mirandola

A Silver Cup, to be run for by the beaten horses that
saved their distance, two mile heats, was won easiV by
Mr. Nottle's Trooper.

It appears by a private leaer, received in town
this mcrning, that AUSTIN was apprehended in the city of
Limericl,, on Thursday last, by FAaMait and SALmsa,X,
Vf.)o followed lam front Landon.

EMBEZZLEMENT AT GREENWICII HOSPI-
TAL..—APPRENICNSION OF AUSTIN.--Mr. ROGERS, High
Constable, learned, that after he absconded from Green-
wich, he proceeded to Milford, and from thence was
closely pursued by two London Police-officers (Saram,,sr
and FAnmen), who traced him to Waterford, whore, he
had preceded them on Monday the 4th instato, s,ud there
they lost him. Mr. ROGERS then with, ;Awls tact fol-
lowed up his inquiries here, and discovered he had
escaped the vigilance of his ?,c.4-auers, and had arrived in
this city, where he put up at rather an obscure public-
house evidently to avoid suspicion. He had remained there
three ihtya, when he was waited on by a relative, with
whom he took his departure. This beieig commiptirated
to the City Sheriffs, they directed Mr. Roosis to proceed
to the house of Ansmes brothet,in-law,, in Patrich•street,
but having no authority for searching, he confined himself
to some inquiries, which the brother did not seem alto-
gether dia2used to gratify ; and he left the house to con-
sult on the most prompt measures to be adopted on such
au emergency. The Magistrates accordingly had recouPg.
to the statutes, and discovered an obsolete Act Cyr at Igewit
one not generally known or acted on, which %Ade it penal
for any person to harbour an offender i and renderea him
t
liable to be tried as a particeps cnimtpis. They sent 'or,
the brother-in-law to at 4,94 at the Magistrates' Office, and
having explained ;(1 hmt the unpleasant situation in which
hi
he was p);,c,;,,A, in the most perenaptoi y manner desired
.tt him
tC, Make his election, either to be instantly committed,
charged as a participator in the offence, or to giro satisfac-
tory
determination had the desired effct,' and he was obliged
to the house, where uo
Sheriffs
erituffeans intimtl'ee tlaheandkelinfqnent,
found to contain bilk and; securities to a very
_ large amount".
ttoorgyivinefourpmAatiuosonoNn,sthterus;:jewctwociif,tlboelilrexi,aolcnoilaray,t.i---,:hz
independeu', of several valuable papers, all of NYlkieh hays
Ire-
doubt at the tiOle
bin
anthetstae
ke was coricealed, effected his escape--
hut not in such, a way as entirely to elude their vigilance •
two London officers arriving itt,
far ciA tbe ~ • • w yesterday
with the warrant, the Sheri es in a short time made the
necessary arrangements, and despatched them forthwith, to
the neighbourhood of Buttexant, where there is little doubt
ffiftfirleYset,dveihnP:sthi
but they succeeded. in securing the object of their pursuit.
cork Coastitoti on.
oiedifs
c3biltyry..t 13RIenwEits

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

(FROM TILE TIMES.)

There is no branch of the national policy the ope-
ration of whieh deserves to be more deliberately
weighed than that which aims at the introduction of
improvements into our commercial system. The
adverse condition of trade develops itself so peru-
Hedy through its visible and painful effect upon the.
personal comforts of the people, that from humanity,
as well as prildence, all who take an interest in the
public welfare ought to seek every means of settling
their opinions upon those general principles, by the
adoption of which the most extensive field for ac-
tivity and enterprise can be obtained, and those mil-
lions of men whose only capital is their industry be
best secured against the chances of sudden fluctua-
tion. There is another reason why the friends of
improvement ought to search with diligence into the
real working of every law which has had a tendency
because the prejudices of those to
t departure from old rules never
to produce any permanent changes in the system of
Britishlfyaihl so mto
tpresent itself as a change for the worse, are
commerce,t
so seldom to be removed by even the most decisive ex-
perience of their fallacy, that reasonabls men are ofi
cheated into an abandonment of the soundest views of
legislation, by forbearing to ascertain. from an inquiry
' into facts how little importance ought to be assigned
to the loudest and most pertinacious clamour. Every
body knows the violence with which the first pro-
positions any monopoly have been al-
wnjayoyse
d
at r o
parties who fancied they had
e
expence
of ethers. This, u,,.resisted
bptyehne the in g
doubtedly, has not been confined to the trading
classes, or to half-educated men in the middle tea
of life. The most grinding monopoly that ever ~.vas
iefficted upon a nation,—even that which intercepted
the loaf of bread, and told the poor they reust not
eat it but at a price which their wages prohibited
them from paying,—that cruel monopoly has been
bellowed for more furiously, and maintained with
more inexorable and heartless rigour, by those who
assume to be the most " enlightened," and " gene-
rous," and " high-minded" members of the commu-
nity, than did ever the most paltry corporation exhi-
bit in struggling for the abuse of a Royal charter, or
the most griping tradesman in his efforts to put
down a rival shop. It is true, however, that
although the mercantile orders here have not been
the only or most obstreperous grumblers when
attempts were made at any time to enlarge the
foundations of our commercial system, they have
nevertheless, in their corporate capacities, if we may
so speak, each and all of then], whenever their own
departments of commerce or manufacture happened
to be the subject under consideration, opposed, by
every effort short of physical outrage, the slightest
approach to any improvement in the law of the
country which sought to give more freedom to trade..
The two bodies which most distinguished themsclvl s
by this Gothic spirit were the shipowners and the
silk manufacturers. Mr. Huskisson, it might have
been hoped, would long since have silenced both de-
scriptions of murmurers, though he cceaid not con-
ciliate or reclaim them, by the masterly exposures
which he made in Parliament of the utter ground-
lessness of their complaints. Nevertheless, there
are few Tory papers which do not take these very
subjects of silk and shipping, in spite of experience
and of fact incontrovertible, as groundwork for abuse
of the free trade system, and of menace that the old
monopoly shall in all directions be resumed. On
Saturday we published a few official documents,
which we trust would have the effect of impressing
still further on the minds of men, not wholly
im-
penetrable to conviction, the folly which is still
practised by the monopolists. From these tables it
appears that the British tonnage which entered in-
wards and cleared outwards from and to all parts of
the world in the year 1814 was 1,800,000; in the
year 1827, 2,800,000 (fractions not included.) That
the number of British seamen in 1814 were 116,000;
in 1827, 171,000. Again, that the foreign seamen
engaged in navigating foreign vessels to and from the
United Kingdom, were in 1814, 33,000; 1827,
39,500. Thus the British seamen have increased
under the free trade system, about .55,000 men ; and
the foreign seamen about 6,000. So much for the
ruin of our new navigation laws ! With regard to
the silk trade, the quantity of raw silk imported
into the country in 1823 was 2,500,000 lb. ; in 1827,
3,100,0001b.,—an increase in four years of ahnust
25 per cent. So much again for" ruin."
(FROM THE MORNING CHRONICLE.)
In our notice of the work of Colonel Evans, on
Saturday, we observed, with regard to his suggestion
of an intervention, for the purpose of settling Tur-
key in such a way as should afford security to Rus-
sian commerce, without the evil of Russian occupa-
tion, that " we saw great difficulties in the way of
all his modes of disposing of Turkey," The " ob-
jects of proposed attainment," by an armed interven-
tion, " might.," says Colonel Evans; " be—
" First—The inviolable freedom of commercial transit
between the Mediterranean and Black Seas, as far, at least,
as mutual rights, mutual safety, and the mutable nature of
such affairs admit of.

" Second—A fair indemnity to Russia for:the sequestra-
tion of ships or cargoes in Ottoman ports, supposing that
she can establish a claim on that score. 1
, ~ Third—An equitable territorial adjustment 'aetween
the Turks and Greeks—such as may lead to perannent se-
curity, by means of the eventual establiabuyent of a new
Christian State, or confederacy of States., on this side the
Hellespont--aud such as is consistent ''.vith the general in-
terests of civilization. HeueefortY,, also, the Turks to
live within the Greek territorie4, and Greeks within those
of the Turks, without a right of appeal for protection to
foreign States.
" These,' or at least the greater part of them, are what
Russia, above all other powers, could not, with any colour
of propriety, object to. If she does, then the mask is dis-
carded, and the whole universe must see what her real pur-
pose is. They are, with very little modification, the ends
she proclaims to be her own."
Colonel Evans throws out several suggestions as
to the manner in which, " these desirable arrange-
silents" might be accomplished. He thinks that an
European domain might remain, and be guaranteed
by the Sultan, bounded on the one side by a line
running along the summit of the Balkan, and on the
other by some natural demarcation ; or, if that cart-
not be conveniently found, by a line due north and
south, passing westward of Adrianople,
or by the
Marit4a river. This would leave the Turks a
sTore several fold more fertile than Scotland, not.
towns
mighteraey b of
e
above a third less than it in area, and frilly capable
1 s
of supporting the above population. The Greek
are not yet strong enough to be entrusted with,
the gates of the Bosphorus; but at some future
period they will be able to drive " these irreclaini-
b fanatics (tbo Turks), out of Europe, There
4 t e
cwohriulsdtian be
Ilcueharest, Philopopolis, or Salonica, Athens, Sze.
If protected bY the great Powers during a short mi-
ncereipaatiln creating
a fed
nority, they would soon be able to protect them-
selves." He, thinks commerce might be secured by
ceding the ends of the Marmora to a secondary
roaritime state, or by giving up to the occupation of
a w
o. all European force the tw or three castles onthe narrow part of the Dardanelles. In our opinion
all these plans are objectionable. In fact, if Russia
States,ample meanswho se for
principal
could be brought to accede to them, the question
would, ere long, be again forced on the attention of
Europe Ity q,uarrela between the Greeks and Turks,
which would again bring Russia on the stage. The
better way would be to attempt a permanent settle-
ment of Turkey in Europe. What objection could
there be to:the making it a substantive State, and
Pla6zig at the head of it some enterprising Prince of
one of the third-rate German Houses ? We say
German Prince, because that would obviate the ob-
jection to individuals connected with any of the
Great States. Were the great Powers to furnish
each a small contingent of troops for 10 or 15 years,
and to guarantee a loan which would enable him to
organise and pay an army, and thus maintain him-
self till the resources of the territory could be made
duly available, we do not see why a durable king...
' ,lom might not thui be founded. The State might
' be called the Greek Empire, or Greek Kiugdom,
it is clear, that if we wish to prevent the perma-
nent occupation of Turkey by Russia, we must, at

once, give up all idea of allowing the Turks any do-
minion in Europe. Those Mahotnetans who chose
to remain in the new State might have !legal
protection, as individuals. It is only the allowing
political authority to the Turks which is dangerous.
If the great Powers choose to act liberally ands cor-
dially, it is clear that Russia can, be compelled to
consent to some arrangement. Let us -stsppese the
Russians in Thrace, and even possessed of:Con-
stantinople. This great object can only have been
effected at a great expence of men and treasure.
To possess a country like Thrace, so distant from
the centre of Russian power, will, even 'without
opposition from the great Powers, entail a' heavy
burden on Russia. If it should be deemed advise-
able to oppose Russia, it will be much easier to
cope with her on the Thracean side of the Balkan
than on the Danube, where Austria alone can tome
into contact with her. The occupation of the
Morea by the French may open a door for
any operations against the Russians which it
may be thought adrisable to undertake. Colonel
Evans thinks that the opportune display of an im-
posing force of fifty thousand troops and twenty
sad of the line might awe the Russians. Ten thou-
sand men might take possession of the principal
castles of the Dardanelles, and eventually the Bos-
phorus. " Those on the Dardanelles, especially,"
he says, "are not of a nature to stand a sea and land
:attack. On their inner sides they are chiefly de-
fended by loop-holed walls, and being all of a con-
tracted dimension, they could not resist a plunging
fire of shot and shells from the high grounds by
which they are domineered. But the Turks will
now be extremely ill-inclined to resist, in any way,
the French and English forces; they will, on the
contrary, hail the arrival of an armament, ill the
conviction of its being for their relief." Ten thou-
sand more might be entrenched on the heights
a;')ove Scutari, from thence to overawe the capital
and quicken the resolves of the Porte. The thirty
thousand remaining troops, and the greater part
of the fleet might proceed into the Euxine, and
menace, at once, the whole left flank, and
maritime communications of the invading army.
If the Russians should be already in Roumelia,
directing their march upon the heights of Ejub, the
Mont-Martre of Constantinople, the troops might be
disembarked at Silivri, a strong naval force at the
same time passing into the Euxine. The troops in
position and the remainder of the shipping might
thus, he thinks, defy the advance of a Russian attack,
and awe both Russians and Turks. We have al-
ready alluded, in terms of praise, to what Colonel
Evans says on the subject, " Where the Russian
Empire is most tangible of attack." The seizure of
an enemy's capital is often, he observes, found to be
of great consequence. In proportion as the capital
;s populous, compared with the whole country, its
Nall is of importance to an invader, and that import-
ance is enhanced when, as in the case of Lisbon and
Constantinople, it is also a great military and mari-
time position and station. Buonaparte was misled
by the analogy of other capitals when he ad-
vanced against Moscow. It is not a cul de sac;
it is no: a naval or military position, and its popula-
tion, competed with that of the Empire at large,
is only as one to two hundred and seventy-five.
" It is the circumference of Russia (says Colonel
Evans) which is most disaffected and most invites
an enemy ; and of this the portions most remote
from each other would of course require the most
distressing efforts for defence. Thus, also, would
=he be, in a great measure, deprived of the benefit
of acting on a centre, which belongs to lesser na-
tions when assailed by different lines of approach."
The armies in Poland, on the borders of the Black
Sea, and in Persia, could not assist each other, and
could net be transferable during a campaign, the in-
tervening distance being about two thousand miles.
" About eighty states or natinns compose, and forty
languages are spoken in this wide spreading domi-
nion. Heterogeneous as these materials are, they
answer very well for external war—as long as they
are permitted from without to remain in tact—as
long as foreigners do not tutu against the Autocra-
tic Ruler their own Machiavelian arts." Supposing
a coalition against Russia, Colonel Evans thinks she
is assailable—
] st. By cutting off her commerce, and placing the in-
terests of the Nobles at variance with the projects of the
Government.
2d. By attempting the destruction of leer great naval
depots at Cronstadt, Sebastopol, &c.
Sd. By a predatory and proPerly supported series of
incursions along her maritime frontiers, especially in the
Black Sea, within the slim es of which, and even in the
rear of her line of military posts, she has a host of unsub-
dued, armed, indomitable mountaineer enemies, and by
ruining every Government Establishment.
4th. By aiding the Persians to recover the possessious
wrested from them, and to this end supporting them with
a powerful detachment from the native Indian army, with
a small British nucleus.
Operations in the Caspian. Fifteen hundred or two
thousand sailors, with an adequate supply of the native
shipwrights of Bombay, might be despatched to Astrabad
and Balfurh, to construct a flotilla capable 0: driving the
Russians for a couple of seasons at least from that sea.
sth. By embarking a large corps of troops on hoard an
allied fleet in the Gulf of Finland, to menace the flanks
and reserve of the Russian armies of Poland and Finland.
6th. By efforts to create insurrections and a servile war.
'7th. By bombarding Petersburgh, if that be practicable.
Bth. By territorial armaments against Poland and Fin-
land, has ing mainly and avowedly for their object the final
and complete re-establishment of at least the former;
Prussia and Austria to be indemnified for their losses.

Whateverlnay be thought of this plan, there can,
we conceive, be no doubt, that should it be neces-
sary to coalesce against Russia, a different course '
would be pursued from the extravagant one of
j3uonaparte, who made an unsupported forward
movement many hundred miles from his resources,
Col. Evans has a quotation from Klaproth (1827),
—.a superior authority, respecting the Caucasian
coirrttries, which forcibly illustrates the difficulty of
keeping together such an empire as that of Russia.
" Since Russia has extended her possessions beyond
the Caucasus, she is obliged to maintain a numerous
army in the provinces newly conquered. This army,
not finding in the countries which it occupies thel
pr • °visions which it requires, the most of them must
be obtained by the Black Sea, and across the Cau-
casus by a road which carriages can seldom pass.
All the other ojects necessary for the equipment
and armament of troops arrive in the same manner in
Georgia; we may easily judge, then, that this pos.
session must be very burdensome to Russia. Forty
thousand men .hardly suffice to contain the popula-
tion of Georgia, .and the warlike tribes of the Cau-
casus, who seize eve.' opportunity of pillaging tl?
country and carrying oirthe inhabitants into slavery. '
(FROM THE 'MORNING HERALD.)
We are surprised that a liberal and enlightened
people like the French do not prevail upon their
Government to put an end to the useless and vexa-
tious system of passports. In the time of war such
restraints on intercourse may be necessary ; but,
while nations are at peace, why they should not
visit each other's territories, for business or amuse-
ment, without having their features described, and
their height and countenance examined, at every
town or barrier, is an instance something worse than
folly, because destitute of reason, policy, or utility.
It should be the study of all Governments to render
their people free and happy, as long
as such freedom
and happiness entrench not on the general welfare.
What object is gained towards this end, in the sys-
tem of passports, we cannot for one
- moment ima-
gine. They do not possess the apology, if it
could be one, of being a source of revenue; forl
ater,
nor, we be- '
neither on this side of te w
lieve, on the other, is thheir obtainment or exa-
mination made a matter of charge. But it i,
said that the French police i 3 so strict and
well organized that it cannot do without them.
This is, in some degree, presuming that foreigners
are the principal offenders against the laws, which is
not the case. But, even here, this manifest absur-
dity arises, that delinquents may dy from their own
countries, and take refuge in those where passports
are enjoined,without such passports being any check
upon them, or furnishing any clue pr facility to their
apprehension. In short, the passport system pre-
-sumes someaiing wrong, without a shadow of lona-

dation, in ninety.nine cases in a hundred, and with-
out, being of any use in the hundreth case when it
'occnrs."Were there a rule amimg gtates-l-as peihaps
there ought to be—that all offenders against thelaws
of their own countries should be apprehended and de-
livered' up wherever they may be found, then the
passport system might be of some use, and pOsess
some apology—though, even in that case; none at
all adequate to its Manifest injustice and inconveni-
ence; but, witnessing, as we do, its total want of
utility, coupled with its inconvenience, there ought
to be a simultaneous movement among the people
whose system it disgraces, to rid themselves of a
mere shadow of right, in a substance of so much
wrong.
