WILLIAM STUBBS,
89, West street, June 15, 1833.

41p. (,
,N, utubh_
N Sit 7,
`4 go "..s& should be wanting in gratitude to you, as
ii444ert k_.4 Will
1%
'V "ef4e the uly
lfdelltobwe
it
eke,, wor.
c e
powerat u r
and re rffie
cla
cn.
yo
of ens,
oy.
hist l'lle Universal Medicate. On the 10th of
:141 Ltie ' %:„Vvas going to bed, I was seized with a h
;oo„toltitltti".`ea which took away the use olflemdyinspeetche
: proud kle; medical assistance was ea i.
klet't'd it4l4ed it a severe paralytic stroke, and said be
t'' e, te'ev-3,clul.ti prove fatal, that it was impossible for
islk leelf .-`l. it ; if I did, he said I should be a burden
!114..ket 1„,:14„.4 every one about me, that I should never
tl,34tWil al4,,wiore; but with the prompt use of the
.
liti ,ads, e, and the blessing of God attending i.t,
44 to.' 'l4. I Iti this short space, a living wonder in
'4l bee can
both talk and walk without stick or any
tll, ' alibi„
Mt 44 gh lam going in my 66th year, and can
IN Put) Atli dail increasing. Pray, Sir, make my
iy k. lie _ y.
tit,?ew w," Pfissible, that others in the like situation
kil ginlitni uere to
find a certain cure. This is not the
),%:li'l k"4 cure that b b performed in my fa-
il* .. for ocilawl
Universal as ern.
'l4 44Y lady
Ili Medicine. I shsiald,o feel
en.
Of t 6 tee or gentkrnan to give me a call t I
rel_i .
'alp, with sincere gratitude,
Itti
Your obedient servant,
63 1,1,_
ANN NIGHTINGALE.
kilo3t,_ w Church street, Sheffield.
att'°a't CAUTI,D3r7"-------
14e f all tLtinive„.., 9TH PUBLIC, .
, til. oni..,,ge iv,
.. Medving superseded the use ot
1t,4.111v ;',,lt ilpopicrit Aiedicines which the wholesale venders
10 littli'illtiki! .bteasZeOduriitY of the searchers after health for
~1: i hbpoli.ufe
on
the
.uggiss and. chymists, iy:lt able t_o.. N dlit &IQ-ye ph,„_, mvention ot any plausible me.. sOl
i.cli Who _ rriso,,i, "gect into the mean expedient of putting
rtt. N. neyer
ex.(obserye the subterfuge of the double It),
544lositoPr14Ocl 2 ited, as Prescribing a " Vegetable Univer.
JO.'she 4tion
_, for the express purpose (by means of this
brii.v"Pon the public) of deteriorating the estima-
VW m, "411 Medicines" of the "British College of
N. h 3 Men tk
Villa,ll,eilui.,ct, ti,atlri, that this attempted delusion must fall
,Le by ,ho STWever specious the.pretei.ce) none can
. be
,
111.440opetictitelklnepeenleaertutpohons%iyehicli have
government " litamm"p°lalts-
-I,,lii.,.sikt,he ia4.1,1d l'acket, to counterfei which is felony by
I%the at_ .
,!,,il.:t__. 0). a „_.ove caution was given by the British Col-
-1 14at"i9 chte V,;modetehall3peeen adopter ;,tfi tiit, . ovioseoVeers, pntedtbbey
psuobniliee
asp the
4111,i
von the;„ , getable Medicine, by Bpening the name
‘t ti:h you
oreabeis—(observ.e the
,ticiuble " b"). In the
41.44.04bie
~ tandthar
e‘nm:li.ie double " II," in this
lett Whose name and " UanrieverssauPlerl4tuclniens'lllies
it o
stn f on the stamp attached to each Box
A to the publto its the only genuine.

Sheffield, June 10, 1833.

" That this Court cannot contemplate without appre-
hension and alarm the great and important change about
to he introduced in the system which his been so lone and
so advantageously acted upon, as regards the administra-
tion of the Government of India through the instrumen-

tality of the East India Company, whilst exercising the
joint functions of government and commerce, or view the
provisions of the Bill now before Parliament, intituled
An Act for effecting an arrangement with the East India
Company, and for the better eovernment of his Majesty's
Indian Territories, till the 30th day of April, 1854,'
without fully participating in the sentiments and appre-
hensions exoressed by the Court of Directors in their
resolution of the 12th instant, and throughout their
correspondence with his Majesty's Ministers; but, re-
ferring to the resolution of the General Court of the
3d of Mav, and to that of the 10th of June last,
and to the various modifications which have been con-
sented to on the part of Government, and since intros
ducal into the Bill in the course of its progress through
both Houses of Parliament, and fully aware of the difficult
circumstances in which the Company is placed, this Court
thinks it expedient to defer to the determination of the
Legislature, relying on its wisdom and justice, in the event
of the expectations held out in the correspondence alluded
to being disappointed, for such further legislative measures
as the interests of India and those of the Eat India Com-
pany may require. Having thus recorded their sentiments
with regard to the Bill before the Court, and confirmed
the compromise contained therein, this Court desires
solemnly to assure his Majesty's Government and the
country that they will, to the utmost extent of the func-
tions with which they are about to he invested, contribute
to give effect to the Bill when it shall become law, and
promote to the best of their ability the happiness of India
and the honour and prosperity of the East India Com-
pany." PETER AUBER. Secretary.

TO PEDESTRIANS. SPORTSMEN, &c.
PATENT PEDOM ETERS, for the Waist-
coat Pocket, at PAYNE'S, Watch and Clock
Maker. 163, New Bond-street, npposite Clifford-street.

Just published in Bvo., by RENSHAW and RUSH, 356,
Strand, Nrar King'sllege Vol. 111. of
TIE LONDON MEDICAL and SUR-
GICAL JOURNAL,

Edited by D. RYAN,
And containing the Lectures of Professor Cooper, on
Surgery—Professors Graven and Stokes, on Clinical
Medicine—Dr. Roots and Dr. M'Adain On Clinical Medi-
cine—Dr. Clendenning, on Poisons—Dr. Ryan, on
lodine, the New Medicines, and the Diseases of the
Genito-urinary Oreans-13aron Dupuyrren'e Clinical
Surgery—Mr. Guthrie's Lectures on the Diseases of the
Urinary Organs, with reviews of the last new works—
Reports of the Metropolitan Hospitals and Sicieties—
Analysis of the best Foreign Medical Works—all the Pro-
ceedings of Parliament relating to Medical LegWation,
being a Compendious View of the Improvements and
Discoveries in the Medical Sciences. This periodical
contains a course of lectures delivered in London, Duhlin,
and Paris, with the latest account of National and Fo-
reign Lit-r*ture, and at one-third less expense than any
other Medical Journal.

THE SIX remaining D:►YS at DRAW-
-ING of the GREAT LOTTERY of the CITY of
HAMBURG will be the 2d, 4th, sth, 9th, 11th, and
12 h SEPTEMBER.

The follnwinz CAPITAL PRIZES. viz —150,000 f.,
30,0001.. 20,000 f 15 0001.. and 10.0001., are still in

the %Wee!, and undrawn Tickrts are now selling at 200
marks Banco. or 151. sterling.
Direct fir Tickets. by one of the next Mails, to HEINE,
BROTHERS, Contractors in Hamburg.

P.S. The only Capital Priz • drawn -the Slx Days plot
wa. 60,000 Maik., w ich came up to the Ticket No.
9 395, with the motto—" Heine, Brothers, remit to
E inhurgh."

NCORRODIBLE ARTIFICIAL TEETH FIXED
WITHOUT WIRES OR OTHER LIGATURES,
AND FILLING DECAYED TEETH WITH 1111-

NERAL SUCCEDANEUM.

ONSIEUR .‘1 ALLAN and SONS, Sur-
, X geori Dentists, No. 9, HALF MOON-STREET,
PICCADILLY, and 32, GREAT RUSSELL-STREET,
BLOOMSBURY, grateful for the high and EXTENSIVE
PATRONAGE which has so eminently distinguished their
pi ifessional exertions since their arrival in the British Me-
Jpolis, beg leave to announce to their Friends and the
Public in general. that they still CONTINUE to RE-
S FORE DECAYED TEF,TH,with their CELEBRATED
a

NERAL SUCCEDANEUM, so universally recom-
mended by the Faculty of London and Paris. The Ope-
ration is PERFORMED IN A FEW SECONDS, with-
out the SLIGHTEST PAIN, HEAT, or Pressure, and
Allays the most EXCRUCIATING PAIN, and lasting
for many years; they also FASTEN LOOSE TEETH,
WHETHER ARISING from AGE, NEGLECT, or
DISEASE in the GUMS. INCORROI)IBLE MI-
NERAL and NATURAI. TEETH, from one to a COM-
PLETE Set, which are INCAPABLE of DISCO-
LOMIATION or CORROSION, and fixed without the
incunihrance of Wires or any other LIGAI URES, and
answer every PURPOSE of ARTICULATION and
MASTICATION.—Charges as in Paris.
All Operations performed on the Teeth.

LONDON LEATHER WAREHOUSES AND HIDE

DEPOSITORY.
BERMONDSKY, AUGUST 6, 1833.
THE LONDON LEATHER WARE-
HOUSE COMPANY hereby GIVE NOTICE,
that the TANNERS, LEATHER FACTORS, HIDE
SALESMEN, and OTHERS, who have taken the above
Warehouses and Hide Depoeitury, WILL OPEN the
same on TUESDAY. the 20th day of August instant, for
the WAREHOUSING and SELLING of LEATHER,
RAW HIDES, SHEEP, and other SKINS.

The Cump-any have provided such extemaive accommo-
dation, that all Leather sent for Sale may remain Ware-
boused at a low charge, without being expoued to the
weather, or the owners to the inconvenience, injury, and
expense of having it carted from place to place.
The Rent to be paid by the Hide Salesmen for the
Dep. sitory will be about the present amount paid by them
on the Sale of the Skins alone ; and

Any Butcher or other Person requiring portions of the
Hide Depository, will, at all times, be accommodated with
the same at a corresponding low rate of Rent.
The IrVarehou.es and Hide Depository will be attended
by the London Tanners every Tuesday and Friday, and
by the Leather Factors every day (Sundays exc.•pted).
There will be a commodious Tavern adjoining the above
Warehouses for the accommodation of the Trade.
By Order of the Directors,
GEORGE DREW, Secretary.

- , r
Sir WILLIAM CoURTENAY, convicteCl
o-rjury at the late Kent ass.z,s, turns out to be, a!:-
cording to the illiidstonc Gazette of Tuesday, plain
Junti NICHOLLS Ton, a eorn•dealer, %vine-merchant,
and madman of Truro, in Cornwall. The same paper
'am his lady and hrother•in-law have identified him; hi,

The Sea Apprentice hips Bill went through a Corn.
mittee, the report of which was ordered to be received
to-morrow.

ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.

The Duke of WELLINGTON presented a petition
from a number of planter, hnnuitants, arol other persons
having property in Jamaica, praying to be heard by
Counsel against certain clauses in the Slavery Abolition
Bill.

On the motion of the Earl of RIPON, the House then
resolved itself into a Committee on the Abolition of
Slavery Bill.
The Preamble was postponed.
On the first clause having been read,
The Duke of WELLINGTON observed, that on a
former occasion, when he had remonstrated against the
reduction of the term of apprenticeships from twelve years
to six, a Noble and Learned Lord had told him that it
was in consequence of the increase of compensation to the
planters from a loan of 15,000,0001. to a gift of twenty
millions. On all questions of fact, there was nothing
like dates. They would show clearly to the Noble and
Learned Lord, that the compensation was first proposed
as a loan of fifteen millions, then as a gift of fifteen mil-
lions, then as a gift of twenty millions, in which shape
it was agreed to, a considerable time before the curtailment
of the reran of apprenticeships. Ahout the 25th of Feb.
the proposition of a loan to the West India planters, of
fifteen millions, originated. On the 2d of May, a depu-
tation from the planters waited on the Secretary of State
for the colonies. On the 14th of May, the Right Hon.
Gentleman again proposed to the House of Commons the
loan of fifteen millions, suggesting that perhaps it might
be made a gift. On the 3d of June came the proposition
that there should be a gift of twenty millions. On the
10th June the Right Hon. Gentleman made that motion in
the House of Commons,the term of apprenticeship being all
this while 12 years. On the 12th of Jun the resolution
to that effect passed; and it was not until the 25th July
that the term of apprenceship was changed from twelve
to six years. lie had felt it necessary to make that state-
ment, in order to rebut the assertion of the Noble and
Learned Lord, that the gift of twenty millions and the
curtailment of the apprenticeships had been propositions
dependent on one another. He understood that the crop
was collected in the West Indies between June and Sep-
tember, at which period it would be most inc.,nvenient to
commence any change in the situation of persons perform-
ing the labour. Under these circums•ances the planters
were exceedingly anxious that the commencement of the
apprentice-hip should not take place till January ;
on the other hand, they were not desirous that
the apprenticeship should continue beyond January, 1840;
thus, instead of June, 1834, the apprenticeship would
commence January, 1835, instead of ending June, 1840,
it would end January, 1840, brine a period of five years
instead of six. The Noble Duke concluded by proposing
an arro•ndment to that .ff et.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said the dates referred
to proved his statement to be correct, that was, provided
their Lor ships took his statement as he gave it. and not
as the Noble Duke represented it. The Noble Duke
appeared to misunderstand what he said, and considered
him as speaking of the Government, when he was merely
refetring to the House of Commons, and what he said
tws in explanation of what had taken place there. The
original proposition of Government was a loan of
15,000,0001 and twelve years' apprenticeship. This loan

was alerwards changed into a gift, and this gift subse-
quently extended to 20,000 0001. When the planters
had gained this advant ige there were many per..
sons, but not the Government, who thought that
it ought to be attended with some proportionate di-
minution of the period of apprenticeship A narrow
division took place on the proposition for diminishing the
apprenticeship, and it was perectly clear that if Govern-
ment persisted in it, they would be beaten. They there-
fore proposed to reduce the term to seven yens. The
Bill having been thus nettled, it became his duty to take
their Lordships' opinion upon the clause. In supporting
which he was not supporting his own opinion so much as
that of the House of Commons anti his Noble C dleagues;
for if the term had been reduced to three years, he would
not have broken his heart. There was, however, this
objection to the proposition of the Noble Duke, which lie
did not think could be got over, viz., that although his
amendment would diminish the period of apprenticeship,
yet it would extend that of absolute slavery six months
longer than the time fixed by the other those of Parlia-
ment. Front what he heard, however, he believed that,
at the time fixed by the Bill, the greater portion of the
crops would he got in.
Viscount ST. VINCENT said the crops were later than
the Noble Lord imagined. It would be productive of
very great inconvenience if the commencement of the ap-
prenticeship were not postponed at least till the Ist of
August. He hoped the Noble Lord would make this
concession to the convenience of the planters. No doubt
in miny parts, however, the crops terminated by June.
T, e Earl of RIPON said that the observations of the
Noble Viscount confirmed generally what be understood of
the crops, that they ended in June—in certain portions of
the island, however, they might he liter. When the Bill
was originally prepared, he proposed to commence on the
Ist of January. But in consequence of the representation
of the planters, that this would be in the midst of the ex-
citement of the Christmas holydays, and on the eve of the
crops, he altered it to the let of June. The proposition
of the Noble Viscount would not, however, be liable to the
objection to which he had referred, and if their Lordships
thought it desirable, he would not object to it.
Lord W YNFORD said, that although the amendment
of the Noble Duke would prolong the period of slavery six
months, it would shorten that of apprenticeship twelve.
Lord SUFFIELD would have no objection to the ap-
prenticeship ending in November, 18:39, but could not
consent to extend the period of slavery.
The Duke of WELLINGTON withdrew. his amend-
ment in favour of the proposition of the Noble Viscount,
which w,,s then adopted, and the clause, with amend-
ments, agreed to.
On reading clause 3,

The Duke of WELLINGTON moved an amendment,
providing that the clause should apply to such persons
only as were in England, or the free British dominions,
with consent of their owners at the time of, or after the
passing of the Act.

The LORD CHANCELLOR opposed the amendment
as unnecessary, ant! said that the consequences antici-
pated by the Noble Duke could not arise; for as the
clause now stood, a slave leaving Jamaica for England
after the passing of the Act, would, on arriving in Eng-
land become free ; but his children would still remain
subject to the law—nay, the child of a slave born after
the parent left Jamaica, but before the passing of this
Act, would still not be free. The Noble and Learned
Lord then adverted at some length to the decision of a
Learned Judge, which condemned a slave who had been
in England, and who consequently became free, to sla-
very again on returning to J tnaica, and spoke of the de-
cision as one which had given great dissatisfaction, nut
only to the public, but to the bar generally. Such a wan
being a natural horn subject of his Majesty, would have
as good a right to sit in the other House of Parliament,
tUT I nr in that House. as the Illustrious Tlnk.

►ingtnn) who was illustrious by his ~ctions, or the Illus-
riouv Duke near him, who was illustrious by the courtesy
of that House.
The Duke of CUMBERLAND rose to order, He
had not said one word to call for such an att ark.
The Lord CHANCELLOR said that the Illustrious
Doke was nut of order, and in calling him to order was
most disorderly. The Illustrious Duke said he had no•
alluded to him (the Lord Chancellor), but he was allu•
ding to the Illustrious Deice.
The Duke of CUMBERLAND again rose. He had
not said one word, not one single word on the subject.
He had net alluded to the subject, and the Noble and
Learned Lord had nn came whatever to address him.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said, the Illustrious
Duke was most disord-sly in calling him to order on the
score of having addressed the Illustrious Duke. He had
a right to address any one of their Lordships. He had
exercised the right of addressing the Members of the other
House for twenty years, and, please God, he world con-
tinue to exercise that right. He was contending that the.
negro, if a free subject of his Majesty, had a right to sit in
Parliament •••4f4 good a right to sit there Is any one of the
Noble Lords opposite—as good a right as any of the Right
Rev. Bishops, or as the Illustrious Duke—or as the other
Noble Duke, who was illustrious by his conduct—to sit
in that House, if it pleased his Majesty to confer on him
lion Ours of the Peerage—...and as much right to sit in
the other House as any man 'here, if any body of electors
s-nt him to Parliament. Every one acquainted with the
history of Parliament knew, in fact, that this was a cir-
cumstance which was likely to be tried. A Noble Lord,
in the days of Schedule A, who was responsible to nobody
but himself, talked of sending his black servant into Par-
liament; whether it was with the intention of trying the
right of the negroes, or of bringing into Parliament men
of that colour, he did not know ; but certainly such an
intention was professed. How did that hear upon the
argument? Thu Noble and Learned Lord proceeded to
show that the man having been in England, was a proof
that he was fit for freedom ; and he should have consi
dered the clause moat imperfect, if it had omitted to pro-
vide for the case which had come under consideration. He
denied that the clause would he retrospective.
The Duke of WELLINGTON said, that as he proposed
to amend the clause, it would give permanent freedom to
such slaves as might in future come to England, while it
would be likely to prevent the lawsuits which must arise
from the clause having a retrospective operation.
The Duke of RICHMOND said, the intention of the
clause was—as it was conceived that a residence here made
a man fit for freedom—to give it to such a man perma-
nently.
Lord WYNFORD, with reference to the observation
of the Noble and Learned Lord (the Lord Chancellor),
must express a doubt whether the Noble and Learned
Lord had a right to address any Noble Lord he pleased.
With respect to the question before the Committee, be
was of opinion that Lord Stowell's judgment was a most
correct one, and he supported the amendment.
The Earl of RIPON supported the clause, and said its

justice was evident. He knew of a case of a slave who
had been twenty years absent from the colonies, and bad
been working in this country as a carpenter, enjoying all
that time his freedom ; who, when he went back to the
colony, was again made a slave of. He must say, to the
credit of the owner, when he was informed of the circum-
stance, he ordered the man to be restored to freedom,
and ti-ltled a pension for life on him. The clause em-
bodied the just principle en which this gentleman acted.
Lord WYNFORD again repeated that that principle
would give rise to endless lawsuits.
The LORD CHANCELLOR explained that the free-
dom of all the persons in question would only begin "from
and after the passing, of this Act."
Tne Earl of ST VINCENT remarked, that after the

passing of the Act, all the slaves who bad ever been in
England would instantly be free, and the owners of them
would even lose all compensation.
Earl GREY said that all those who were now slaves,
whatever might have been their previous condition, would
be slaves up to the passing of this Act ; and all the
children born of them till that time, would remain in that
condition. From the passing of this Act certainly they
would become free.
After a few words from the Duke of Wellington, Lord
Colville, the Duke of Rirhtnond, the Earl of Roslyn, and
the Alatquis of Salishury, their Lordship; divided on the
question, that the words proposed by the Duke of Wel-
lington to be left out, in order to insert the words,
" Now are in England, or may be hereafter," stand part
of the clause—

Contents
Not Contents l2
Majority
The clause was then agreed to.
Chu e 4 was proposed. . _

The Duke of WELLINGTON objected to the clause
altogether, as not only oarless, but as eminently calculated
to produce 'he most twill mischiefs.

The Eirl of RIPON defended the clause.

Lord WYNFORD ohjerted to the clause.

After a few wurds from Lords SUFFIELD and ST.
VINCENT, the clause was agreed to; as were clauses
5, 6. 7, and 8.

On clause 9 being. proposed.
The Duke of WELLINGTON objected to it, and
Wished thit proprietors, hiving two erates io one colony,
might be enabled to transfer their slaves from the one to

the other.
The Duke of RICHMOND said, that it was well
known that slaves had an excessive repugnance to being
removed from one place to another—many cases had oc-
curred in which slaves, to whom the option bad been
made, refused even to be transferred from an unhealthy
place to a hralthy one. In point of fact, as it was, slaws
were not compelled to go from one estate to another, and
surely apprenticed negrots ought not to be put in a worse
Posithin than the slaves.
Lord WYNFORD also opposed the clause. _

Alter some further discussion, in which the Duke of
Wellington, Vi,count St. Vincent, Lord Wyniord, the
Duke of Richmond, the Earl of Rosslyn, tk. Marquis of
Salisbury, the Earl of B (more, and Earl Grey partici-
pated, a modifi,d amendment was agreed to, and the
clause was ordered to stand part of the all.
Clauses 10, 11, 12, and 13 were, with some verbal
amendments, agreed to.
Clause 15 was, after some discussion, agreed to ; in
the course of which the Duke of CUAIBERLAND com-
plained that 5001. per annum was too small a salary to
obtain respectable magistrates, for the purpose of enforcing
the provisions of the Bill.

Tile Duke of RICHMOND, in reply, said it was not
the intention of the Government to employ any persons
in this situation who were connected with West India
property, nor to suffer them to be dependant on the
Colonial Legislature. If the salary should not be found
sufficient, it would be requisite to apply to Parliament for
anincrease.

Claus:: 16 was then agreed to.
On reading clause 17, Lord SUFFIELD moved an
amendment, as the Act did not come into operation till
August, 1834, that the power of flogging females should
cease immediately on the passing of this Act.
The Earl of RIPON thought the amendment unne-
cessary, and he would rather leave it to the feelings of
the planters. If it were introduced, it would be requisite
to have a set of penal clauses to enforce it.
After some discussion, Lord SUFFIELD withdrew his
amendment.

The clause, with some verbal alterations, was agreed to.
Clauses 18 and 19 were agreed to.
The 20th and 21st clauses were agreed to.
On the 22d clause being read,
The Earl of RIPON proposed a proviso to the clause,
that the apprentices should not be allowed to have arms,
or serve in the militia, &c.
The Duke of WELLINGTON objected to the clause
altogether, as likely to be eminently mischievous. It was
telling the slave, that at the end of that period they would
be liable to enjoy all civil rights. It would frighten
every white from the colonies who could leave them. He
wished the whole clause to be omitted.
Earl ST. VINCENT also opposed the clause.
The Earl of RIPON explained that it was necessary to
have the clause and the proviso, otherwise the apprentice
would be liable to serve, according to the law at present,
in the militia.

Lord WYNFORD thought the clause ought to be
owicted. .

The Duke of WELLINGTON again protested most
energetically against the whole clause. It was calculated
to strike terror into all the inhabitants of the colonies.
.The British Parliament ought not to make such a decla.
ration as was contained in this clause.

Th. nnir. rlf 1411,1.1‘11,11::

] .L_a aL_ ~._~.1_
