NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

(From the Hampshire Telegraph.)
PORTSMOUTH, JUNE 29.—The loconstant, 36, with
the flag of Vice-Admiral Sir Thomas Harvey, reached
Halifax on the 21st May, and was to remain there until
the Winchester arrived out from England. The Pique,
36, arrived at Halifax on the 25th May, for Bermuda, and
was to proceed on the 29th with troops to New Brunswick.
The Ringduve and Medea arrived at Halifax on the 18th
from Bermuda. The Snake, 16, was at Bermuda on th,:,
18th of Nlay ; and the Cleopatra, 28, arrived at St. J0,',01,6
on the 23d, for the purpose of taking men belotigin to the
11th, 65th, and 931 Regim,tits to Quebec. Ynt Croco-
dile arrived at St. John's on the I7th, four (.1a from Ber-
muda.

The Pantaloon, 10, Lieut. Tryon, arrived on Tuesday
from Quebec, whene she sailed on the Bth of June.
The Cornwallis, 72, Captain Sir R. Grant, will bo
paid off into Ordinary, at Plymouth, on Tuesday next.
The Nile, 92, was launched at Plymouth, yesterday,
The Grecian, 16, captured on the 7th April, oif Frio,
the slave vessel Ganges, with 419 slaves on board ; she
was looking after another vessel called the Commodore,
which was expected on the Brazil coast, with 700 Africans
on board. The CaMop. 16, had been sent to the River
Plate; and the Stag, 46, was at Rio Janeiro.
The Lily, 16, Commander Deere, was taken out of
Dock yesterday.
The Aid lighter, sailed yesterday with stores fo: Cha-
tham Dock-yard.

The Boadicea transport, Lieutenant Ward agent, sailed
for Woolwich on Wednesday.
NAVAL PROMOTIONS AND APPOINT'AENTS.—Captains—
F. E. Loch, late of the Hastings; to be Inspector-General
of the Coast-guard, Scotla,-..d, vice Knight, deceased ;
William Iloneyman Hel,aerson, to the Gorgon. Lieute-
nants—Henry Dum.aresq, to the Melville ; H. E. S.
Winthrop, to the Princess Charlotte ; Edward Earle, to
command the Adelaide revenue cruiser. Surgeon—
James E. Goodridge, to the Clio. Assistant-Surgeon—
Dr. Oliagan, to the Gorgon. Second Master—William
Forster (additional) to the Britannia, for service in Ode
Emerald tender. Mates—G. 11. Clarke, from the Ex.
cellent, to the Hydra, steam frigate ; James Parnilton
(from the Excellent), and Thomas Woodman, t.,) the Win-
chester. Midshipman—Rowland Berrinatf;n, to the Lily.
NATIONAL LOAN IFU!NIT: LIFE AS-
SURANCE, AND DEFERRED ANNUITY SO.
CI ET Y.

( From the Salisbury and Wiltshire Herald.)
Without underrating the merits, or depreciating the in.
Wrests of any of the numerous establishments singly and
severally embracing similar purposes, we cannot but feel
that the appointment of a Salisbury Board of Directors
has given to the National Loan Fund, Life Assurance and
Deferred Annuity Society, " a local habitation and a
name in this city, by which its interests are to a certain
extent identified with those of our fellow-citizens : and in
referring to the advertisement which appears in another
page, it will be seen, and we doubt not readily admitted,
that this institution combines such benefits as few others
offer to the public ; and ttiis too, to such an extent that its
objects and provisions only require to be more generally
known to render its success perfect and assured. We learn
from authentic sources that within the last two months not
less than ninety-three new Policies have been effected in
the offices of this valuable Society, making an aggro.
gate of eight hundred and twelve Policies effected in little
more than twelve months !--a fact utterly unprece-
dented in the progress of such establishments. But if
we consider the advantages cffered to every class of the
community, from the man of rank and the opulent capi-
talist and gentleman, down to the industrious domestic and
the artizan, we cannot be surprised at such a result, whilst
the high respectability and personal influence of the several
members of the Local Boards throughout the kingdom,
cannot fail to secure public confidence, by affording the
best and surest guarantee for the integrity of its general
management, and the adequacy of the means to all con-
templated purposes. We would now, however, particularly
notice the Deferred Annuity Departments which well
merits
individualat t etnotio ine, su r
ea s
byi t a places
small
premium,
it i the power of a
payable
yearly,
ar
lnyy,
half yearly, quarterly or monthly, according to his or
2a., s ec to u
re,
at this
the her convenience, an annuity forming a provision for old
age, " when the night cometh and no man can work;"
when the timefor labsotaut, that a personreisgoneby,a agedndd thirtyeclin m
declining years
need comfort a,
annual payment
we maypnadym reepnse26l. 15s. for the remainder of his or her life ;
exemplifyagteos im-
bP
annuity ot of n order
or may at the same period receive 2.)1/. in cash, or a Policy
anpa;yrtatiaetlta of
an point,
65,
at
the death of the insurer of 261/.—and this, be it
obi, rued, can be effected by a payment at the rate of one
shilling per week. If the life should expire before the age
of 6.5, the Society then returns two-thirds of the money so
paid up, to the surviving relations legally entitled thereto.
Surely there is prudence in such an arrangement,—a be-
nefit cheaply purchased without the sacrifice of a comfort,
or even of a luxury. We observe that Local Branches have
been formed in many of the principal districts of the king.
dom, and others are forming in every considerable town ;
and we prognosticate that the Shareholders will find this
one of the most profitable investments ever made in such an
Institution.

NEW BOOKS OF TRAVELS.—We are requested
to state that Mr. Colburn, of Great Marlborough-s reet,
has just published the following New 'Books of Travels
which can be had of all Booksellers;_'. Narrative of the
Ten Years' Voyages Round the World of her Majesty's 1
ships Adventure and Beagle, by Captains King and Fitz- 1
Rcv, and Charles Darwin, Esq., 3 vols. Bvo., with maps,
anti upwards of 60 illustrations, bound-2. The Idle in
Italy, by the Countess of Blessington, new and cheaper
edition, 9 vols. post Svo., with portrait, 245. bound_3.
Mr. Urqubart's Spirit of the East, second edition, 2 vols.
Bvo.-4. Captain Spencer's Travels in Circassia, third'
and cheaper edition, with new illustrations, 2 vols. 8,0.•
295., bound-5. Captain Scott's Excursions. in the
Mountains 2 vols. 8vo„ with illus-
trations-6. Ladetat,ets
on
the Holy Land,
ontains of
t Ronda
Lindsay's
Granada,
third cAlition, 2 vols, post Bvo., with illustrations-7. The
River and the Desart, by Miss Pardoe, author of '' The
City of the Sultan," Sce., 2 vols. post Bvo., with illustra.
riots—And s. Dc. Granville's Spas of Germany, new and
cheaper edition, its one volume, with 39 illustrations, 18i.
bound.

HEINE BROTHERS at HANIBURGH.
P.S. The next DISTRIBUTION contains Portions from

Pi. I. and upwards. to 10,400/.,

THEATRE ROYAL, COVENT GARDEN.
The Public is respectfully informed, that the
PRESENT .IIANAGEMENT WILL TERMINATE
WITH THIS SEASON.
THIS EVENING, JULY 2,
Will be performed the New Play, in Five Acts, called
RICHELIEU, OR 'I HE CONSPIRACY,
Written by Sir E. Lytton Bulwer, Bart.
To conclude with,
AMILIE ; OR, THE LOVE TEST.
To-morrow, King Henry V., with The Invincible:.

ROYAL SURREY THEATRE.
THIS EVENING, Jul.'s 2,
Will be repeated the New Mystical Drama, entitled
THE PHANTOM SHIP.
Philip Vanderdeckm Mr. E. F. Saville ; Amine, Mrs. II
Vining
After which, the New comic Drama, called
THE BREWER 40F PRESTON.
'Fe conclude with,
THE SEVEN CLERKS.

ROYAL SURREY ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS.
Under her MAJESTY'S IMMEDIATE PATRONAGE.
PROMENADES MUSICALES and ERUPTION of
lIECLA COMBINED ! !

In order to produce an Entertainment of unequalled variety
and brilliancy, the two unique and peculiarly attractive features
of these Gardens will be this week united—
!THE GRAND PROMENADES MUSICALES ET
CIIANIPETRES, and ERUPTION of MOUNT FIECLA,
will take place To-day, and Thursday next.
Music commencing at Six o'clock, Eruption at Dusk.
Admission One Shilling.

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-11ORROW.
$ minutes after 6 J Evening '3 ininute. atter 6.

4; -t I;''
ifr''
7, ~
k-k, -,X7,_ ✓ 44*._,, 7 i ,k'
-,...,,t.„.....-

)13.rt.

LONDON:
TUESDAY, JULY 2, 1539.

There is a general saying at present that the Legisla-
ture has done nothing. Last night, however, in the
House of Lards, the Royal Assent was given to a
whole bushel of Bills. Franklin's story nf saying grace
over a barrel of beet, resembles that solemn act of
legislation by which the Royal Assent was given to thirty
or forty Bills in a lump. If this be the doing-nothing
of the Legislature, how fearful must be the multiplica-
tion of laws when it does something, and par-
ticularly when it is in full working activity
Countenancing the report that the Prelates are to
put themselves forward to oppose the Ministerial
plan for improving education, the Archbishop of CAN-.
TERIHTRY moved for the minute of the Privy Council,
and gave notice that he would bring forward a motion
on• the subject on Friday. To make way for the most
Reverend Prelate, Lord BeouGuam postponed his
liducation Bill from Friday till Monday. We arc not
surprised at the Prelates taking the lead against edu-
cation. Who should be most solicitous to hinder the
people from acquiring knowledge ?—Those who are
conscious of teaching false doctrines. Who should be
most anxious to retain the people in blind, uninquiring
ignorance?—Those whose whole life is a hypocritical
lie, who know that they are maintained in great
opulence on false pretences, who assume a mis-
sion on which they have not been sent, who
demand respect for performing a duty which they utterly
neglect, who know that not one of the claims they,
make to the veneration of the community will bear ex-
amination. Such arc the persons who naturally and
necessarily dread the light. Our Prelates claim, by
apostolic succession, a commission from CHRIST ; but
CHRIST commissioned his Disciples to carry glad tid-
ings to all nations, to teach the people all that he had
taught. them, which was all the knowledge he himself
possessed. He kept nothing that he knew from the
world. He was more wise than preceding Prophets,
Lut he did not say that none wiser than he were to
come after him, and that his Disciples were never to
teach anything but what he told them. They were to
tell what they saw and heard, but were not restricted to
tell only that. Accordingly PAUL, in particular, added
much elucidation and much instruction to what CHRIST
said and did. Our Prelates, however, act differently
from the Disciples of Christ, and insist that nothing
eiie shall be learned by the people that what they choose
to teach them. We, therefore, are not all surprised
that they should be the enemies of popular and general
instruction. They know that knowledge is incompa-
tible with their faiae claims ; that those who preach po-
verty, pretending to be the servants•of one who had not
a place wherein to lay his head, and pass Corn-laws to
starve their congregations and enrich themselves—who
pretend to have received a mission to instruct mankind,
and who withhold from them the most useful instruc-
tion, are the very Antichrist, and that an educated
people would at once put an end to their arrogant and
insulting dominion. Hence it is properly said of every
priest—

taking cloth and hardware from us, and thereby
compel us to pay them with gold, when our own soil
does not produce corn enough to sustain our people,
—which prevent foreigners from cultivating corn for
us, and compel us, when we want it, to give an ex-
orbitant price for it ;—is it not enough for these sa-
vages to see these horrible evils, caused by the ex-
ist►ng Corn-laws, but they must mock the sufferings
of the people, mock the ruined traders, mock the
alarmed merchants, by telling them these horrible
evils are " benefits" resulting from the admission of
- foreign corn free of duty ? Such a mockery of dis-
tress and suffering, causcd by an existing law, of
which these journalists are the advocates, seems to
us a disgrace to the journalist who wrote, and the
journalist who inserted, the paragraph.
We might with more propriety say England now
enjoys the full benefit of the Corn-laws. While
prices were low they came not, or appeared not to
' come, int) operation. It was known in fact that
they (lid slowly operate to prevent all the trade
which would have taken place between our cloth
and hardware manufacturers and the corn growers
of other countries. Now for a twelvemonth they
have come into visible and active operation, and the
result is a great scarcity, and the people, by a large
importation of foreign corn, at very high prices, are
barely saved from starving. We have had tp give
, gold for that corn, without which we could not pos-
sibly'have existed, for the people from who:n we
bought it, being supplied by their own manufac-
turers, whom our Corn-laws have forced into
flourishing existence, had no trade with us, and no
wants which our people can supply. Gold, there-
fore, was necessarily sent abroad to pay for corn—as
it is better to want gold than bread—and sent abroad
to such an extent that the coffers of the Bank
have been almost drained, and men have begun
fearfully to talk of another Bank Restriction Act.
Were Providence to inflict on us another bad har-
vest, while the Corn-laws prevent foreign nations
from growing corn for us, and while we continue to
violate the Divine commands, which clearly en-
join a mutual interchange between nations pos-
sessing different natural advantages—shutting us,
a commercial nation, out from commerce with our
best customers—what could we expect but still
greater distress, and more extensive bankruptcy,
consummated by a restriction to pay paper in gold,
and again placing all property at the mercy of the
issuers of paper
Might we not, with much more propriety, say that
the friends of the Corn-laws have now got their
hearts' wish, that a great price has been given for
corn, and the landlords and farmers are most pros-
perous ;. According to the doctrines of the advo-
cates of the Corn-laws, who affirm that the land-
lords and farmers are the best customers of the
manufacturers, whose custom must be obtained at
any price, the manufacturers ought now necessarily
to be in a most flourishing condition. The fact,
however, is that the manufacturers are now gene-
rally working at short time, that uneasiness
generally prevails, that distress amongst the
people who were to be benefited by the prosperity
of the agriculturists is very great, thus completely
falsifying the theory of those gentlemen who have
assured us that the maintenance of the Corn-laws
and the prosperity of the landlords are advanta-
geous to the manufacturers. The present condition
of the country, while the Corn-laws exist, is a com-
plete answer to those who assert that the manufac-
turers must necessarily flourish when the landlords
are getting high rents and the farmers high prices.
Lord

.or( JOHN RUSSELL and Mr. Fox MA taE
have brought in a Bill entitled " A Bill to Amend
the Laws relating to the Assessment and Collection
of Rates for the relief of the Poor, and to the Col-
lection of County, Borough, and Police Rates,"
the object of which is to place in the hands
of the Guardians all control over the rates,
with a view to their more speedy collection.
One part of this Bill seems to us most extraordi-
nary. It enables the Guardians of the Poor, or
rather the Commissioners of the Poor-laws—for
they are to have a veto—to appoint persons called
" Revisers of the Rates," who are to hear and de-
termine all appeals concerning the rates within their
own districts. Thus, in all matters concerning
rates, there will be no appeal whatever from the
authority of the Poor-law Commissioners. We
respectfully venture to suggest that this is
what is called going it too strongly. It is a
very extraordinary measure, we think, to be
brought forward at the close of the Session, when
no person is likely much to attend to business.
We have no great love of Justices' justice,
but we are afraid that Revisers' justice, armed
with powers for a special purpose, may be worse
than Justices' justice. When so many complaints
are made of the difficulties of passing measures
through Parliament, we should hope that Ministers
will not think of pressing such a Bill. We see
that it has already attracted some attention, and
some censure in the provincial Journals ; and we
apprehend that to press it now would not add to
the popularity of the Ministers.

'Tis the sweet labour of his life,
To stifle knowledge and to kindle strife."
The Corn-law-making Bishops, let us repeat, cannot
be more appropriately employed than in preventing the
progress of good and general education, and we shall
be glad to see them step forth in their true character of
haters of light. We should not be sorry to see them
succeed in such a motionas Lord STANLEY made, when
the Archbishop, carrying it to the foot of the Throne,
would no doubt receive from her MAJESTY such a spi-
rited and indignant rebuke as he would well deserve.
On the motion of the Marquis of NOR MAN BY the Ja-
maica Bill, which has been already so much discussed,
was read a second time. Tne \oble Marquis gave a
spirited description of the circumstances which had
made it necessary, and ridiculed the idea, when the
Legisit;ture had overturned th 2 whole structure of
society !)y abolishing slavery, of not providing for the
safety of colony by suspending the Legislature.
The Ear; of HAREwoon expressed his sorrow that
intentional injustice %vas committed agianst Jamaica, and
declared-that he should vote against the Bill if it were
not so modified as to introduce a conciliatory spirit
into it.

t will be seen from the Votes that the third
reading of the Bill for increasing the salaries of
the Scotch Judges, stands for to-morrow. Every
man opposed to jobbing away the public money,
should be in his place to oppose this Bill. In place
of increasing the salaries of the Judges, the present
number should be diminished nearly one-half, and
Mr. Hume's motion for the purpose should be
supported.

1 Lord BROUGHAM, though adverse to the Bill, advised
the Noble Earl to reserve his objections tor the Com-
; nEttce.
The Duke of WELLINGTos was also for conciliation,
and declared that he, should vote for the second reading
1 of the Bill with pain. He regretted to believe from
the speech of the Noble Marquis that it was his inten-
t tion to destroy the House of Assembly.
Lord GLENELG explained the circumstances which
made the present course necessary.
Viscount NatisouttNt: recommended the postpone-
ment of the debate, and vindicated the Marquis of NOR.
~ MANBY from the censure of the Duke of WLLI.INGTON:
I Lord ELLENEOROUGH, as in duty bound, entirely con-
curred with the Duke of WELLINGTON, and expressed a
i similar opinion of Lord GLENELG'S speech to that which
I the Duke of WELLINGTON had expressed of the Mar-
i quis of NorotA s sr. Finally the Bill was read a second
ttime without a division, the Tories nursing their wrath
.for the Committee.
1 . In the Commons a petition was presented by Sir
IJa.stEs GRAHAM from Glasgow, for a Gaelic Professor
in that University, and by Mr. LkavEv from an Attor
sey, corniktiaino•' of his Counsel having neglected to at-
i tend, and of a Judge having therefore refused to hear his
cause. The petitioner prayed that in, such cases the
iAttorney might plead himself.
1 In answer to a question from Lord IxoEsTAL, Mr.
k C. WOOD explained that the reported-I:n*4(44e to the
Btitish flag, which we lately copied from the Hampshire-
I Telegraph, could not be correct ; because the Vesta was
not at Vera Cruz at the time the outrage was stated to-
t have occurred. and that unfortunately two English officers
had not behaved as they ought, for they had hoisted the
1 English flag on a Mexican boat. We presume it was
a sailor's freak, and though it. brought them into con-
tact with the French squadron, it had no bad conse-
quences.
In reply to Mr. PALMER, Mr. POULETT THOMSON
stated that he thought he should not be able to bring in
any Bill this Session, to carry into effect the Report of
the Committee appointed to inquire into the causes of
shipwrecks. We approve of the reserve, for too
many Bills are brought in at the close of the Sessior.
The House went into a Committee on the Factories
Bill. After some brief objections had been stated by
Mr. WILSON PATTEN, Lord STANLEY, Lord Asti):
LET, and others, several divisions took place, and the
whole evening was occupied by this discussion. -
The House adjourned at a Quarter to Two o'Clock.

This is a regular Tory trick. It originated
while they were in power, and has been made over
to Lord JOHN RUSSELL, in Order to lower him in
public opinion. Mr. GILLON, Mr. WALLACE,
and Mr. HemE, have given notice of motions,
which we trust the friends of Reform and economy
will support by their votes.

99

Letters and Papers from Madrid of the 92d ult.
have reached us. The Government had remitted a
month's pay to the Army of the North, renewed
the contract for provisions for three months, and
were negotiating with the bankers of the capital a
loan of 60,000,000 of reals on the tobacco duty.
Money was, however, dreadfully scarce, and most
of the salaries of the civil servants of the Govern-
ment long in arrear. In a dispatch of the 16th
from General ESPARTERO, the evacuation of Bal-
inaseda by the Carlists is announced, but not be-
fore MAROTO had nearly ruined the defensive
works, which were very strong. The Carlists had
elected fresh works, and mounted five field-pieces
nd two mortars on a height opposite Areta, to
prevent sorties of the garrison of Bilbao.
SPAIN AND THE CORN-LAWS.
(Extract from a Letter, dated'Madrid, Joe 21.)
Amidst all the calatnltik-of tireeliirwilr, one great
blessing attends Spain this year, which is a most abundant
harvest. The fields never looked so luxuriously rich—the
wheat is already yellow; nor is this the cue only round
Madrid, which is comparatively a desert, but all over the
kingdom, as travellers and letters arriving daily from every
province assert. The coming crop, it is computed, will be
equal for four years' consumption, and sufficient for 18
months remains on hand from last year's harvest, so that
the farmers will be embarassed to house it. Many complain
already of the expense of reaping that threatens them ;
another evil they complain of is the great fall of prices,
reduced to 9 reels per fanega of 851 b., which is 221 d.
sterling ; and barley within three leagues of Madrid, stand-
ing on the fields, has been sold at 41. reels, or llid. ster-
ling per fanega (a fanega being the fifth part of an Eng-
lish quarter or eight Winchester bushels; the barley weighs
nbdeisntgraws 0 awr
tie
exclusively the support horses,
not so much per fanegaasof wheat). Barley leoyatas
being for sheep-walks. walks About
ground p. . .
in Spain, and as there are no meadows, there can ba no
hay, the pasture
and army contractors charge 75
had as high as 55 reels, .
Lonrono and the theatre of war the market price of wheat
ion of church property, the
A London Evening Journal, called respectable, pression of convents and confiscation to 80. If years of scarcity and famine had followed the sup.
quotes the following paragraph, probably givina it exclanstrated monks would
0 sent such scarcity as the just punishment.
of Heaven, and to
have made a handle of it to rep re-
ik. title it bears :
excite the populace to a counter revolution, as they success-
,' FREE TRADE IN CORN.—England has now had nearly a fully did at Caraccas on the occasion of an earthquake
twelvemonths' experience or the ' benefite
to, be derived happening on a Good Friday ; but the present abundance
from the admission of foreign corn free of duty. What is works as an argument the other way,
the result ? Has bread been cheaper ? Have foreigners that the smiles of Heaven sanction and ratify the constitu-
' taken our manufactures in exchange for their corn?' tional system. proving to the people
IWe answer these inquiries with the simple negative—No. If the ports of England remain open or the repeal of
we have had to pay, a high price to foreigners in gold the Corn-laws enable the people of England' to eat cheap
4 (and net in goods), to such au alarming extent, that the bread, English corn-factors and
I Rank of England has been under the necessity, in cone_ find great advantage in purchasing wheat and barley in
f quence of the
gteatof money in the country, to Spain, which, though many fields, on acceunt of the civil
i scarcity
; advance the amount of interest to the high rate of 51 per war, were not sown or imperfectly enitivat d produces
corn-merchants would
'cent. per annum I t Tim,' flf' l• h will deduce such immense quantities of as excellent Iv e ' •
ght u ;rig is men
heat as any in
I from this simple fact what Anti- Corn-law theorists will ' Europe, and has driven American flour out of the markets
: in vain attempt to gainsay: They will require no further of Cuba, and could, no doubt, successful)
;'y cop illustration to convince them of the obvious fact—that if England too with importations from all other
countmries.ete in
either Providence were in succession to inflict upon this na-
i tion two more unprodimtive harvests, or the shallow Anti- I The trial of the prisoners of the 12th of May engages
i o:n3-law Liberals were to succeed in sub-
jecting it to fire j the attention of the French Press almost as much as it
.......-- -iv.

' experience of tho effects of a free trace in corn—l does the time and the patience of the Court of Peers
ETIS i\jajesty the K.
,ING of . PRILS,S, I.FA, )F-c,,nacrsian
,d would, become a nation of baarupts. —Ten ARMAND • BARnES' lofty bearing before the Court has.
Ait...A. lacing AUTHORISED and GUARAN, IL
..D
REMIUMS, which Towns Messenger."
annual DISTRIBUTION of MONEY Pobtained for hint the sympathy of every class in Prance
(though they are NO LOTTERIES), offer many possi- Would, then, these journals have a prohibition save the Peers, the Police,' •
and the Courtiers ; and
bilities of obtainins, to import corn, or would they, when the price these are incapable of recognizing, greatness in the - con-
LARGE FORTUNES,
URINE BRO niERs at HAM BURGH, has been 88s., exact a duty of 10s. or 20s. a duct of a prostrate enemy. There is nothing which so
are NOW SELLING SHARES
for the said DISTRIBU- quarter additional ? Ts it not enough for these galls the Peers and the Government as the
IO Pers.-cos desirous to purchase may receive, PREVI- „
savages" to. have Corn-laws which will not allow
their .
nition by the accused of the authority of the Court, and
oils to giving any order, the PROSPECTUS and PAR- eir assumption of the name of enemies, instead
MCI-AR
- ' t' - -• , WITHOUT DELAY,
S, upon a. ,ite‘suq.„ aus to hrina corno from other countries the price
of that of culpritß, penitent, and hoping' for
line to . _,.... has reached 735.; which prevent other people from _
mere- The- -41% 'lir

y, y offer their heads to their judges
as men who ought to die, not for haring com-
mitted any crime, but for having failed to assert the
supremacy of their principles. No Government can be
indifferent to this contempt for its authority. It is one
of the worst omens that can be manifested in a ci-
vilized State. But will the guillotine avert the evils
which it portends ? We fear not. There has been
plenty of bloodshed in France within the last 'eight
years to establish the right of LOUTS PHILIPPE to the
throne, and the title of the Peers to the highest criminal
jurisdiction, could blood at all contribute to the produc-
tion of results so desired and desirab!e. Bat blood
can do nothing of the kitid ; and least of all the blood
of fanatics who glory in dying for their principles. Let.
perpetual imprisonment and hard labour be substituted
for the guillotine, and there will be fewer aspirants for
the disticetion of overthrowing the throne of Louts
PHILIPPE.
There is no news of any interest in the Paris papers
of Sunday. The opposition journals state that the
police had circulated such rumours of another entente
being at hand, as to fill the capital with alarm, to the
great injury of the working classes, hundreds of whom
could find no employment.
Rumours of a collision between the Turkish and
Egyptian armies, in which the former was worsted,
were rife in Paris on Sunday. They require confirmaton.
The late storms appear to have been even more severe
in the south of France than in the other parts of the
country. The Journal de St. Sever in the Landes states
that a storm on the 17th ult. was so destructive in that
department, that the damage, in a single arrondissement,
is estimated at 3,000,000 francs. In the environs of St.
Sever the hail fell in such quantities, and of such size,
that 67 quails and 42 partridges were picked up abso-
lutely battered to pieces, and the whole of the poultry not
under cover during the storm was killed. Several persons
were severely wounded by the bail; and at Banos a woman
was so much injured as to be incapacitated fer work for a
long time to come. The roofs and windows of the houses
of St. Sever were nearly all broken.
" The Greek Courier of the 2d of June had announced
that the French Consular Agent at Scio had been ill.
treated by the Pacha of Munchin, who had violated his
domicile under the pretext of arresting a Greek. who it
was supposed was concealed therein. Complaints were
addressed to the Consul General of Smyrna, who thought
that he was bound to order the Commandant of the
French squadron, to depart for Scio."
The Piedmont Gazette, of the 23th of June, says on
this subject ;
" A portion of the French squadron of the Levant has
disembarked at Scio, and the Pacha, as well as the other
Turkish employes were arrested, who will be conducted to
Constantinople to ba tried. The report was current that
French Consular Agent had died in consequence of the
bad trea'ment he had endured. —Constitutionnel.
New's from Algiers of the 22d has been received. The
mail from Borneo had arrived the day before, with Col.
Dalouric who has just visited Constantine, and was going
to return to Toulon. He perfectly agrees, it is said, with
the Marshal respecting the subject which led to his mis-
sion. The Marshal's attentions seem to have been parti-
cularly attracted by the appearance of Abd.el. Bader on the
17th in the territory of Bougia. The garrison marched
out, and advanced to a river which flaws it no great dis-
tance from the town, and saw the Arabs with the Emir at
their head pass within musket-shot. Ills appear-
ance was ascribed in some measure to his desire to
levy the tribute. Another account says that the Emir
came with all his military pomp, to visit a celebrated
Marabout in that neighbaurhood. At Gigelly all was
quiet on the 13th. The thermometer indicated a heat of
27 to 28 degrres in the shade from noon till two o'clock,
from 44 to 46 degrees in the sun. The troops suffer
much from this great heat.
DUTCH FUNDS.--AMSTERDAM, JUNE 2
Actual Debt, 2 Money. Bills.
% per C.nt
Ditto, ditto 5 per cent.
A mot t Syndic, 454 per cent....
Ditto, ditto, 3!•6 per cent % 81
Commercial Company, 4 per cent 1744 113111,4
Ditto (18.92 and 1E333) 5 per cent. ......
Ditto 1Q37, 5 per cent.
Loan 1•37, f‘er cent.
Exchange on London, One month l2 0",
Two months
BELGIAN UNDS—BauesELs, JUNE 29
Actual Debt, 214 per Cent.
Rothschild's Loan, 5 per Cent 1 ly4
Loan of Thirty Millions, 4 per Cent.
3 per Cent......... 71
Loan of City, 1832, 4 per Cent9s%
Society at Commerce, 454 per Cent llB
Bank of Belgium, 5 per Cent 73
National Society .
Brussels Papers, June 29.
HAMBURG BORSEN HALLE, JUNE 23.
Austrian 5 per Cents. Bills. Money. .%
106
1197
Bank Shares
An 10-Russian Loan lO7 10074
Russian 5 per Cent. Ist series, Certificate
Inscription, Ist Series
Russian 5 per Cent. Hops and Co. 3d and 4th
Set s
OS 9714
Ditto in Certificates
Dutch Actual Debt, 2 y.:.; pe Cent 9B % 534
Ditto 3 per Cent PA
Polish Bondi
New ' icket
Anglo-Danish Loan, 3 per Cent
ii Norwczi.. Loan, 1,-35, 4 per Cent lOl
EXCHANGES U LONDON.
HAMBURG, JUNE 2,.-10. 614.—Tw0 months 13. 4%.
PETCRSBURCii JUNE 13.-11 11-32.
STocnuoLst, AXE 21.—Thirty days, 11. 35,
BERLIN, JUNE 23.—Three rn • iiths, 6. 20%.
AUSTRIAN FUNDS.—Vtrxs,A, JUNE 21.
live per Cents. Metalliques
Four per Cents.
Three ixr Cents,
Bank Shares
—AllgerneineZeitung, June 26 1504
PRUSSIAN k'UND.S.— BERLIN, JUNE 25.
Bills. Money.
St. Schuld. Sch., 4 per cent .. 10334 10314
Prussian English Loan, 1830, 4 per cent. 103% 1023,
JF:xchange on London, three month 5...0 21
—Prussia's State Gazettf. June 26.
