TUE DUKE OF CAMIMIDOE.

HAWOVItIi, FLO. 7.—111 s Royalliness the Duke of
C4srBRI4OE,iR confined tip .rootnioy,s .41t or the gout ;
cording to the Bulletin of today his.ltoysl highness had a gout
night, but is nut yet better. •

ARRIVALS IN TOWN.

The Marquis olChandos, from Wootton, Bucks ; Lord and
• Lady Saye and Sele, from Brighton; Lord Robert Manners,
from Belyolr Castle; Lady Elizabeth Palk, from Rectory
House, Enfield ; Sir Charles Caylay, Batt. from Yorkshire;
Mrs. Robert Joiner, front New Forest; C. H. Tracey, Esq.
and family, from Gloueertershire ; Sir John Milbanke, Bart.
from Yorkshire;- Captain and Mrs. Moore, flow India ; Lady
and Aliso Molesworth; Captain Ashburnhom, from Brighton ;
Captain Charles Hemlock, from Brighton ; J. Campbell, Esq.
tiorn Scotland ;- Rithard Weston, Esq. from Suffolk.

DEPA RTURES. FROM TOWN.
The Rev. L. Newman, flout Needhartex Hotel, Wertmin.
ate?, for the Contient ; Lord Bingham, for Brighton ; Colonel
Harvey, for Cheltenham.

Lord King had a dinner party on Wednesday, at hitt house
in Dover-street ;'among whom were the Marquis and Mar.
chioness of bansdown, Lord Ponsonby, James Stwlett, Esq.,
Mr. and Mrs. Abercrotnby, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Toolw, Mr.
Bruce,
The Lord Mayor had a large party of the Clergy and Common
Council of the Wards of Bridge and Bread-street to dinner on
Wednesday.
Sir George Clarke, Bart. entertained the Duke of Atholl,
~.id a, large party at dinner yesterday, at his residence at the
Admiralty.
Charles Saville (Inlay, Esq. M.P. had a dinner party 'yester-
day, at his bonaain.(lmat Oeorge-street, Westminster.
The Dowager Countess of Stamford had a select p_arty yes-
today evening, at her house in Chandos-atreet, Berkeley-
square. ' •
The Dutch Ambassador had a dinner party yesterday, at
I is house in Bryanston-square; in the evening, Madame Falck
entertained an elegant party of the hriut ton.
The Vice-Chancellor had a dinner and- evening party yester-
day, at Ma house in South-street.

iieneral HOU entertained a distinguished party to dinner
yctstertlay, at his house in Portland-place.
The Marquis of Lanstlown had a dinner party yesterday, at
Linsdown House, Berkeley-square.

The table of the House of Commons is groan.
ink: with the weight of the load of petitions pour-
ing in from all parts of the country, praying the
abolition of slavery ; and yet the French and the
United States Governments as good as tell us that
whether our Government is pleased or displeased
11w United States and French Governments
will curry On the Slave Trade. it is well known
that the Spaniards, the Portuguese, the Bra-
zilians, and other people, carry it on. Indeed,
it is known, that, in spite of all that tastlaovuer.Grrouvdee rtit;
merit have done in the mutter, the
Carried on to is great, if not greater extent than
ever.
Lord FARNHAM (late Colonel 13"1")t001,1,i!,s
tilt,
lastn s..,vening
in the Clouse f
for 0
as a Representative Peer of
rvlaod. The late contested election between
his Los dship and Earl Meusx CASKELs was the
only public one that has taken place in Ireland
*since the Union. The nominee of Government
hitherto boccetqled to the repiesentative vacancy)
CONST IKTINE once celebrabted his brother
A hi 1( I%:DER'S 1111111e'S
of lies' rats, tic hick rs
soldwrs, to lie tired odel:itc;:olurbgWyl tOacjoirlindiliaeopyrneui_irl gphaoehsanuerildlebtlayrsteuthtdraie;
whirls deservedly gave high olfence to the late
humane Autocrat.---(New Monthly Magazine.)

OLD BAILS 1.---(Tilts DXY.)
OLD COURT.
ABSENCE OF WITNESSES.—AL twenty minutes
after the opening of the Ceurt,,uot a single wit-
ness could be found in or about the Court ttYgive
evidence in any case on the cause paper.
Mr. Sergeant Alums. ordered the officer to
call them in rotation, which was accord-
ingly done when at length it wei
flounced that the witnesses, in a solitary
case, were at a neighbouring public-house.—
After remarking with just severity upon this
shameful disrespect to the Court, and the want
of sense of the demands of public justice, the
Learned Judge said he would muke a note that
the witnesses should not receive their expence,,
except in cases where they came from the
country.

RODUERY AND ATTEMPT AT STRANGULATION.
John Jones was at length placed at,the b!tr,,on
an indictment charging him with assaulting,
Clave Hill, and taking from her, person
divers copper, coins, her property. 'i`he pep.
aecutrix, an infirm, and aged widow, gt,ated,
that she occupied apartments near Ilanover-
square. On the evening named in the indictment
two men came into her room just as she was going
to supper, one of whore put hio
,hands over her
mouth and eyes, and the other; after securing the
door, proceeded to rifle' her pocket, and took
therefrom the money stated in the indictment.—
In consequence of the man's hand being put on
her mouth, and a severe pressure against her
stomach, she was unable to call out, but, she sup.
posed her groans brought the lodgers to her
assistance. The prisoner, of whose. identity
she was Certain, was taken into custody.
George Gibson, a lodger in the prosecutor's,
house, confirmed pert of her testimony, end
added that the prisoner had formerly lodged at
the house, and therefore knew the situation of tho
premises. The other man, rushed by the wit.
Hess and escaped.---The Jury returned a verdict
of Guilty.

NEW COURT.
Mary Hall was indicted for stealing a 51. note
from the person of Henry Mildrum.--The prose.
tutor, a North.countryman, stated that he k‘,eut
into a public-house to get •sotne gin, but he hail
nothing but a 5/. note, which he produced ; din
prosecutor said he would change it, but she did
not, and he lost the note.

The COMMON SERGEANT said thnt there was no
case of felony made out, and the Jury ;% as bound
to acquit the prisoner.
Mr. PHILLIPS said he had an ample defence
for the prisoner, and he should have been able
to prove that the prosecutor never exhibited is
note in his possession on the evening in question.
Verdict.—Not
John Niel was indicted for stealing a hat
front the person of Jas. Lee on the '27th Jun. last.
—The prosecutor, an intelligent young nmn of
colour, gave his evidettco with uncommon pet.
spleeny, in which he was confirmed by his wife,
who was in his company at the time of the rob.
bery. The Jury found the prisoner Guilty,
