MAILS.
Due. i Arrived.

DUTCH FUNDS.—AMSTERDAM, Nov 6.

Actual Debt, *4 per cent 404 to 41

Amort Syndic,.42 per cent 6B 4 to 68%
Ditto, ditto, 3% per cent 534 to 544
Voluntary Loan, 1831, t per cent 93% to 96,
... ~,...

Ditto, ditto, . 1832;5 per cent 77c to 78
Exchange on London, one month,
Ditto, two months
-Dutch Papers, Nov. 7.

The following was posted at Lloyd's this
morning :

" Admiralty, Nov. 7, 1832.
" Sir,—ln return to your letter of this day's date, I am
commanded by my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty
to acquaint you for the information of the Committee for
managing the affairs of Lloyd's, that their Lordships have
given directions for the protection of British property now
on its passage from the Northern parts of Europe.
" I am. Sir, your most obedient servant,
(Signed) " JOHN BARROW."
" To John Bennett, Esq., Lloyd's "

We refer to the extracts from the French Papers
of Tuesday, for news from that quarter. The
army had not yet passed the frontiers, though
every preparation was going on for that
purpose, and an increase of 30,000 men was
ordered to be made immediately. Forty
thousand men are to march on Antwerp, and
40,000 to watch the movements of the Prussians
should they venture to interfere. Still hopes
were entertained at Paris that the King of HOL-
LAND would yield.

We have just cursorily read through a little
pamphlet published by RIDGWAY, entitled
" Whig Government." The object of this pro-
duction is to canvass the deserts of the present
Ministry;
to bring fairly and temperately to re-
collection what they have done in the way of
Reform and retrenchment; and to infer from
their past services that their future will not dis-
appoint public expectation. 'The writer states
his facts broadly and dispassionately without an
atom of prejudice or mystification ; he is
no indiscriminate eulogist, but calls things
by their right names, whether they emanate
from a Whig
or a Tory Cabinet. The ba
lance of his opinion is decidedly in favour
-1
of the present Ministry. He compares their
professions with their actions, and naturally
enough comes to the conclusion that they have

ful filled ail, or at least the majority of the
pledges that they made on entering upon office.
But he says little or nothing—which he might
have done without incurring the suspicion of
undue partiality—of the innumerable, we believe
we may add, unparralleled difficulties, against
which the Whigs have had to contend,
Never was the path of an English Cabinet,
not even in the stormy days of PITT and
the French Revolution, ever so beset at
every step, with obstacles, as that which the
present Ministry have lately trod and still have
to tread. Like settlers in the depths of an
aboriginal American forest, they have had to use
the axe and the saw at every square inch of their
progress. The hostility of the Tories—the
intrigues of a half-alienated Court—the sus-
picions of a justly distrustful people, whom a
long course of systematic outrages o❑ the
part of their rulers had driven almost
to desperation ;—these were but a few of
!he myriad difficulties which the Whigs,
from the very first moment of their accession
to office, had to grapple with and overcome.
Bearing these considerations in mind the wonder
is not that Government have done so little,
but that they have done so much. Of their
exertions in the cause of Reform, the writer says
little, knowing that comment is.' superfluous;
but he enters into dose details respecting the
nature of the Whig retrenchments, which he proves,
by accurate calculations, have shot far ahead
of those for which the Tories took, and still
have the effrontery to take such undue credit,
and with a peculiarly modest allusion to which
the Duke of WELLINGTON has seldom failed,
during the two last years, to garnish his Parlia-
mentary speeches. On the subject of the late
Whig retrenchments the author says,
" It is certainly true that the expenses incidental to
the disturbed state of Europe, hare absorbed a large por-
tion of these savings ; but while this is to be deplored, it
must be remembered, that these retrenchments have pro-
tected the country from the additional burdens which
tho•e expenses would have otherwise imposed, and that
the expenses themselves have been incurred in warding off
the infinitely greater demands of war; and, finally, that
they are only temporary; while the reductions effected in
the estimates w►ll continue fixed, that is, fixed as a max-
imum, though not as a minimum, for arrangements are
even now in progress for a further reduction in the esti-
mates of the ensuing year, to the amount of one million
and a half ; and it should be constantly remembered, that
one and all of these actual and impending reductions, have
been effected and prepared after the boasted reductions of
the late Administration, who boastingly declared, and
voted, that all further reductions were utterly impract
cable."

On the Irish plan of education, for the season-
able conception of which the Whigs deserve
the highest praise (and which, because it was
based on good sense, cemented by charity, and,
above all, bid fair to answer its end, the Tories
were so perseveringly vituperative, striving to un-
dermine by ridicule what they could not boldly
overcome by argument), on this important
branch of Whig policy, the author writes as
follows :

" Referring to the want of education amongst the Eng-
lish poor, recalls the benificent act by which the blessings
of education have been extended to the Irish, and in the
happiest of modes--by the congregation of all sects under
one common roof, for one common and heavenly pur-
pose, the enlightening and softening the human mind.
Sad to say, this work of charity met with opposition and
misrepresentation from many of those, who, while they
profess the most fervent love for the doctrines of our reli.

gigot, yet, by some strange fatality, are too often found the
exclusive oppon.•nts of their practical application. There
is some flaw, some mote in the proposed measure, which,
while they profess t , admire in the abstract the princi-
ple which it embodies, compels them not the less to op-
pose it in practice. Thus, corruption, whether in Church
or Sate, they abominate, but they not the less vote against
all Reform. To slavery, and the slave trade, they are
most hostile; so also they are to all measures for the gra•
dual emancipation of the slaves. Toleration they profess ;
but every penal 1,,w against all religious sects, save their
own, has their vote. Mercy they love, but are still
foremost in opposing all mitigation of our sanguinary
code. Justice is their idol, hut the legal cobwebs which, in
this country, obscure her fair face, 6nd,in them,the staunch
est supporters Freedom mud equity in all things is their cry,
but exclusion and monopolies win their suffrage. The
middle ord.rs they respect, hut refuse them an elective
franchise ; and the poor they love and cherish, while they
begrudge them education, interfere with their sports, dic-
tate to them in politics, legislate for them in religion, and
when they chance, from ignorance and misery, to be urged

on to riot, they cry aloud, and without ceasing, fur the
strong arm of the law and the energies of Govern-
ment. It is painful to witness such diversity of profession
and of practice; and not the le ist remarkable feature of
the case is, that few of these very persons are themstlve•
aware of the utter discrepancy of their own conduct."
We have neither space nor time to mention se-
veral other points of interest that are scattered
through this pamphlet. We dismiss it, there-

. .
fore, ;with this brief recommendation, that it is a
temperate and manly appeal to those of the com-
munity who are advocates for " fair play," whe-
ther towards Whig, Tory, or Radical.

We are happy to state that the LORD CHAN-
CELLOR is so much recovered from his late in-
disposition, that he is expected to sit in the
Court of Chancery to-morrow. The inqui-
ries during the illness of his Lordship
have been so numerous and respectable, as to
have afforded proof, if any had been wanting,
of the deep interest taken in his welfare by all
who, like him, have the honour and prosperity
of the country at heart.

We understand that the appointment of the
new Attorney- General will probably be decided
upon this day.

TIIE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWEL VE O'CLOCK
We have no arrivals this morning with the exception of
the Dutch mail, which brings the Dutch Funds a shade
better, 40 11-16. The letters are not as yet delivered.
Had there been any news of importance it would have
tran'pired ere this. We have seen private letters from
Antwerp of the 6th inst. ; great agitation prevails in that
city, and it was generally expected that the Dutch would
bombard Antwerp on the approach of the French troops.
Many persons are leaving with their property.
