THE SUN, LONDON, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1834.

of War, who will also fill the functions of -Minister•for
Foreign Affairs until the arrival of M. BRESSON.
" Baron CHARLES DUPIN, Depute, Minister of

Marine.
" M. TES TE, Depute, Minister of Commerce, who
will be Minister of Public Instruction, ad interim.
"M. PASSY, Depute, Minister of Finance."
Louis PHILIPPE has accepted the resignation of
THIERS, DE RIGNY, DUCHATEL, GUIZOT, and
HUNIANN. General BERNARD has been rewarded
with a Peerage. The Chambers are to assemble on the
Ist of December, although they stood prorogued to
the 29th of that month. This is the whole of the
intelligence that has been yet received. There may be
another express received in the city this evening.
FRENCH FUNDS.—Pants, Nov. 10.
Five per Cents., Iftif 3 c 20c 25c.
Four per Celits., .V3t: —c.
I lire, per Cents., 78f. 05c. lice 55c.
National Loan, 11'61: 15c.
Bank Actions, 1,797 f. 90c.
Bente de Naples, ME 60c. 55c 4'c.
Boman Five per Cents., 9531•
Rente d'F.spagne, Five per Cents., 4•2 39 40‘.
Bente d'Espagne, Three per Cents., :2'3 27% Ti.
Royal Spanish Loan, :1614 36
RentePerpet..d'Espagne, Five per Cent., 44 434 44
Haytian Loan, 183 f.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, 25f. :*oc. ; money, 25f. 30c,
Three months, paper, 236 20c.; money, 25f. 15c.
—Coors duthentique.

The Paris Papers of Monday, which have been re-
ceived, bring no intelligence respecting the reconstruc-
tion of the Cabinet, except the Journal des Debats,
which publishes a list of names, but on no official
authority. It will be remembered that two or three
days since, the Debats re-filled the vacant seats at the
Council Table with a host of Marshals, who
were all dismissed in the ensuing number of that
Journal ; and therefore we are not disposed to rely on
the accuracy of its present statement—especially as
the Ministerial papers subsequently published take no
notice of the occurrence of any such event. The
Moniteur is " silent as the grave" on the subject ;
and the most that we can learn from other sources,
amounts to no more than that M. TIIIERS and M.
GUIZOT are greater enemies than ever, and that
the partizans of both know not which of them
will obtain a triumph. One thing however is certain,
--whoever be appointed, the amnesty must be granted ;
and thus M. GERARD will obtain a triumph which
will lower the dignity of the KING, as well as render
him most unpopular out of doors. Had his MAJESTY
been wise enough to have adopted this lenient policy
at first, he would have rallied every Liberal in France
round his Throne. Now he must be merciful, not
because he would, but because he cannot be otherwise.

Letters and Papers from Madrid have been received,
dated the 3d inst. Two reports on the subject of the
Foieign Debt have been presented to the Chamber of
Deputies ; one by four of the five Deputies appointed to
confer with the Committee of the Peers on the changes
made by them in the Debt Bill, the other by the
remaining Deputy who advocates the changes which
the Peers made in the Bill. Nothing definite is yet
known ; but the prevailing opinion in Madrid is that
the creditors will not be cheated of the expectations
created by the decision of the Peers in their favour.

Strange and unaccountable must be the infatuation
under which the Legislative Chambers, and the Coun-
cil of the Regency of Spain labdur, when the awful
state of the troubled provinces has not yet disturbed"
the tranquil tenor of their proceedings. The mag-
nanimity of NERo, who amused himself with fiddling
while. surveying Rome in flames, or the dignified com-
posure of the slave, calmly seated on the throne in the
midst of the burning amphitheatre, was not compar-
able to the easy indifference of the Madrid Cabinet,
which beholds whole provinces devasted with fire and
sword, without moving a muscle, or even for a moment
suffering itself to be " frighted from its propriety."
On the 27th ult. an engagement took place be-
tween a section of the Royal army and a division
of the Carlists, between Salvatierra and Vittoria.
According to the reports circulated by the insurgent
chieftains—for as yet we have received no intelligence
that can be relied on with respect to the actual engage-
ment—the QUEEN'S troops were defeated, with the
loss of 400 killed, and 500 taken prisoners on the
spot. Among the captured were General O'DOYLE,
his Brother, and several other officers of high rank,
who were all butchered in cold blood by order of
ZUMA LACARREGUY. The account of this carnage
was transmitted to Madrid ; but the Ministry were
engaged in deliberations of too grave a nature to
trouble themselves about such trifles as the defeat of
a division of the Constitutional army, and the shooting
of several brave and able officers. This victory—.if
such it turn out to be—has raised the courage of the
Carlists, particularly in Navarre, and in the neighbour-
hood of Pamplona. On the 29th alt. Don CARLOS
was at Onate, and on the 30th General M INA entered
Pampeluna, having been appointed Commander-in-
Chief of the four Insurgent Provinces.
Since writing the above we have received private
intelligence of the arrival of M. ZEA BERMUDEZ in
Paris, charged with a mission from the REGENT of
Spain to Lours PIIILLIPPE. Our informant states
that the object of the mission is to obtain the assistance
of France in putting down the insurrection without fur-
ther loss of time, and that ZEA has already had an
audience of the CITIZEN-KING. 'What passed on
this occasion has not yet transpired, bet it cannot long
remain a secret.

The present state of Greece is very far from encou-
raging us in the hope that the troubles of that country
will soon terminate. The new Ministry are not a whit
wiser in their general policy than their predecessors.
In all appointments to offices of trust and prctfit, Ba-
varians are preferred, so that the Greeks find them-
selves aliens in their own country. This is a degra-
dation to which they are resolved not tamely to submit.
Rebellions are organized in the provinces, and,
though they are frequently crushed in the out-
set, and the fomenters of them rigorously punish-
ed, still there are found hundreds of disaffected
chieftains, all ready to supply the places of those
who perish. In the district of the Mainotes,
some hundreds of the Policari are said to have taken
up arms to avenge themselves on a Government which
prefers to their services the aid of foreigners. This
but increases the evil. The Government, endangered
in this quarter by men desperate from a sense of gross
and unmerited insult, has recourse to German and
Bavarian bayonets to protect itself; and hence the
danger of a fierce collision every day becomes greater
than before. The Greeks are exasperated to find that
after all, the blood that has been shed, they have as
yet b.nt exchanged the tyranny of Constantinople for
ths.4 of Bavaria ; and this feeling, wherever it manifests
':cself, is secretly cherished by Russia, whose policy it
is to weaken all parties by internal division, and then
as Umpire, come in for the whole. Now there is clearly
but one way of saving the country, and that is by re-
moving the bands of Bavarian officers that fill the
public departments in Greece, and the appointment of

the natives to those dignified situations to which their
birth, valour, and abilities most justly entitle them.
In setting OTHo upon the Throne of that country,
and raising it. up among the nations of the earth, it
was certainly not , contemplated by, any of the Great
Powers consenting thereto, that in reviving the classic
name of Greece, they were not liberating the peo-
ple from the bondage imposed by the Turkish yoke.
And if OTHO countenance or permit the system
which prevails under the sanction of his present Ca-
binet, of promoting foreigners to the exclusion of the
natives of his kingdom, then will he violate the stipu-
lation under which he became possessed of the Crown
and Sovereignty of Greece.

In following up our remarks of yesterday on the
workings of the fifty-second clause of the Poor Law
Amendment Act, it must be recollected that we said,
the recipients of out-door relief divided themselves
into two classes, the undeserving and the deserving—
the reckless and the improvident—and the honest and
the industrious.
The restricted relief which will be afforded to the
latter, will, we know, be in all cases exceedingly
small, and terminable in a very short time. The ques-
tion then arises, what is to become of this mass of
valuable citizens ? Are they to linger on upon a
pittance of wages, acknowledged to be insufficient for
their decent support, or are they to resign every spark
of independence, of manliness of feeling, with all the
ennobling and moral associations of home, and become
denizens of work-houses ; or must they migrate into
the already over-crowded, manufacturing, and mining
districts ; or finally, must they be compelled to quit
their native land, and carry their habits of thrift and
industry into some remote colony, and thus be lost to
the parent State ?
Any one of these alternatives would be much to be
deplored, and we should particularly regret any exten-
sive and sudden immigration into the manufacturing
towns, where not only is it not wanted, but it would be
of the worst consequence to the resident operatives.
E'very man at all acquainted with the history of our
peasantry must have grieved deeply to sec the rapid
decay of the cottage homes of England, once our
peculiar pride and boast, and we hold that man a bad
politician, and a worse moralist, who would countenance
or encourage a farther abstraction of our rural popula-
tion. We would say—" Miserum atque iniquum ex
agro homines traduci in forum ; ab aratro, ad subsellia,
ab usu rerum rusticarum ad insoletam litem atque
judicium."*
But it may be said, how are the alternatives to be
avoided without perpetuating a system of relief univer-
sally condemned ; a system " which threatens to destroy
the diligence, the skill, and the morality of the labour-
ing classes ; to render houses and lands valueless, and
which—if allowed to go on at the rate at which it has
increased for the last fifty years—would throw the
whole land out of cultivation, and destroy by famine
and pestilence all who had not the means of emigra-
tion." A system thus fraught with evil, (according to
the organ of the Commissioners, Mr. PRATT') it
was, indeed, high time to put an end to ; but ill doing
this we should be careful not to hasten a catastrophe
A so formidably represented.
We have already said that we are perfectly aware
of the mischieVous effects which have resulted from
indiscriminate and ill-judged out-door relief, and also
that we are fully conscious that a better administration
of this.., relief would be attended by the best effects ;
still this is not enougn, and the large and deserving
class of able-bodied labourers ought not to be deprived
of a resource absolutely essential to their existence,
without some prospect being opened to them of amend-
ing their condition. Against the denial of relief,
without this prospect, we enter our most decided pro-
test ; and we do so the more strenuously, because the
means of amendment are at hand, and are easily
applicable.
It may be useful to premise our recommendation
with a brief history of the progress of our poor laws,
and to notice the wide departure of our present arrange-
ments from those which the wisdom or philanthropy
of our forefathers recommended. Poor laws appear to
date their origin from the introduction of manufactures
in the fourteenth century, and the gradual breaking up
of the feudal system about the same period. Before
this time the labourer had constituted a part and parcel
of the estate of his superior, and was sold and disposed
of with it. Numbers of labourers were thus thrown
upon their own resources, and no market being open
for their labour, they overran the country as beggars,
finding their chief support in the hospitality of the mo-
nasteries. The breaking up of those institutions by
HENRY VIII. again in a great measure deprived the
poor of means of support, and their wanderings and
occasional' outrages becoming at last a serious griev-
ance, a severe statute on the subject was enacted in
the reign of EDWARD VI. This statute is exceedingly
curious, as exhibiting how little civil liberty was un-
derstood at that period. It subjected discovered idle-
ness to two years' slavery, branded the criminal, and, if
he made any effort to escape, condemned him to be a
slave for life. Idle children, by the same statute, be-
came the slaves of any body who could catch them,
and were secured by rings of iron, round their necks
or legs, at their masters' discretion.
This severe statute was, however, soon repealed,
and by sth of ELIZABETH a fixed price was to be
paid for labour, and those people who had no visible
means of livelihood were compelled to go into service
of one sort or another. This was a great improvement
upon EDWARD'S law. It also appointed the hours
of work, and regulated the apprenticeship of children.
The 18th of ELIZABETH gave magistrates the power
of establishing houses of correction, and by the 39th
of the same reign, overseers were appointed for employ-
ing the poor, for building cottages on the waste, and
for the punishing of vagabonds. The whole of these
regulations were in the 43d of ELIZABETH consoli-
dated, and " The Act for the Relief of the Poor"
passed—an Act which had continued in force for up-
wards of two centuries ; and it has been the departure
from the wise principle of the measure which has led
to so much mischief.

It must be remarked, that the leading object of
ELIZABETH was to find employment, and not to sup-
port idleness at the expense of industry. Thus we
find that an enactment was made about the time of
passing the poor law to prevent any cottage being
built without having four acres of land attached to it.
There was one leading and guiding spirit running
through all these regulations—and this was to attach
the labourer to the soil, and to give him an interest in
home. Every year we have more widely departed
from this policy—and in the language of an able pam-
phlet, written so far back as 1795, " instead of giving
the labouring people a valuable stake in the soil, cot-
tages have been progressively deprived of the little

Cic, Orat. Verr. de frura u. 14.

land formerly let with them, and all their rights of
commonage have been swallowed up in large farms, and
by inclosures. Thus an amazing number of people have
been reduced from a state of partial independence to
the precarious state of mere hirelings, who, when, out
of work, immediately come to the parish." If this
language were applicable to the state of our labouring
poor in 1795, it has increased in force a thousand-
fold since that time. It is here that one great ear.se
of the constant pressure upon the poor laws lies—that
our labourers having lost their gardens and their little
plots of ground, are become dependent solely upon
wages, and exposed to all the fluctuations to which
capital is liable. Thus, if wages fall below a certain
point, they have no resource, but fall at once upon
the relief fund. This generates carelessness and want
of forethought ; because the people finding that the
labour market is beyond their control, and having no
means of their own besides this, cease to trouble them-
selves about it, but sink or swim as the current of
trade and agriculture happens to set.
This is the present condition of the labouring
classes—too often idle, too often improvident—depen-
dent solely upon a rate of wages, in many districts
notoriously deficient, accustomed for years to fall back
upon the poor rate, whenever misfortune, loss of work,
or their own mis-management, left them in want of
the means of subsistence—and it is in this condition
of things that the new poor Bill comes into operation.

If the limitation or abolition of out-door relief is to
work a beneficial change in the social condition of the
community, much more will be required than the re-
commendations of the Bill itself. If it proceed
single-handed, relying upon its own enactments, it
must have one of two effects—either it must resign
the deserving and the undeserving to the workhouse,
or it must force them to emigrate. But, if in the
spirit which governed the enactments of ELIZABETH,
attention be paid to finding profitable employment, to
restoring the plots of ground once enjoyed by the
labourers, to elevating their condition above the state
of mere hirelings, then we are confident that the new
Bill will work a great and most beneficial domestic re-
volution.

Want of space compels us to defer till to-morrow
statements to show that land may be occupied in cer-
tain quantities by the labouring poor, except in urban
and suburban townships, with the best consequences,
both to the poor themselves, and to the interests of
the farmer.

LITERATURE,

THE REFORMED PARLIAMENT

Being a Synopsis of the Votes of the Members of the Re-
formed House of Commons, upon all importaht questions ;
from their
,first sitting of February, 1833, to the end of
the second Session, August, 1834. With Lists prefixed of
the Movers' Names, the Nature of each Question, and the
Gross Divisions thereon. To which is added, a Synopti-
cal Appendix of the Votes, Divisions, and Protests of the
House of Lords during the same period—By Richard
Gooch, I'sq. (To be continued at the close of the Session.
London : A. H. Baily and Co., 83, Cornhill.

Is there any one who is desirous of knowing what
his representative in Parliament has done for the
country ? If there be, all he has to do is to send
to the nearest bookseller for a copy of this most
invaluable pamphlet ; and in one minute he may in-
form himself how every Member of the two
houses of Parliament voted on every division that
occurred during the two last Sessions. The ar-
rangement of the tables is so perfectly simple that a
child would have no difficulty in finding out how many
times any Member voted, what were the questions on
which he voted, whether he voted for or against the
measure, and above all, the number of important divi-
sions on which he was either absent, or refused to
record his opinions. We can well believe that
to many Members of Parliament this little work will
be excessively annoying, more especially if it find its
way—as we sincerely hope it will—into the hands of
every enlightened elector in the United Kingdom.
Mr. Gooch announces in the title page, that this pub-
lication will be continued at the close of every Session
of Parliament. We beg their Lordships of the
Upper House, and the Honourable Gentlemen of the
Lower, who delight in toasting their patriotism at public
dinners to mark this announcement. To the loiterers
of the lobbies and club-room Members, this is indeed
rather ominous intelligence, unless they begin to
prefer ocular demonstration of what is passing in
Parliament, to the reports of the proceedings contained
in the morning and evening journals.

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

Barbadoes papers have been received at Liverpool to the
Ist October. The picture painted in the Guiana Chronicle
is a true and faithful delineation of what is passing in that
colony, and the statements contained in the letters are
proved to be facts. The convictions amongst the Negroes
for insubordination are stated in twenty days to have
amounted to 5,000, and were up to the 17th October.
Along the whole of the East coast, there was but one
estate in which the apprentices were performing anything
like a due quantity of labour.
The Philadelphia Papers, received at the North and
South American Coffee-house to Oct. 19, state that, by
accounts from Sumatra, arrived at Boston, it appears that,
of all the vessels on the coast, two or three only would be
able to procure cargoes, the crops this season being smaller
than usual, and the English vessels having taken away more
pepper than they usually do.
From the returns received at the Treasury department,
it appears that the specie imported into the United States
since the Ist of Dec. last, amounts to 17,670,885 dollars,
and 44 cents ; of this sum the importations of gold since the
30th June last, amounts to 2,715,004 dollars, 19 cents.
We have received the Hamburg Reporter of Friday last,
the 7th inst.
BORSEN HALLE.—There have been no arrivals of
wheat from the Upper Elbe this week, and those from
the Lower Elbe and Mecklenburg not being large, the mar-
ket may be looked upon as nearly cleared. Prices are firm.
