thug
'ot the concluded, "You,
illy masters of the jury, respect
ifwickedness an;, hatred of the man, respect his cause ;
serve-
PC guiltY, I know you will have care of it, for the pre-
,J° of the King, the continuance of the authorised
At this, aud the good of us all."
still Cilia Period of the trial another altercation took place,
araa.ore wretched and disgraceful than the first.
spoLtileigh now observed, " I do not hear yet that yofu haveitm
tone;'e .one word against ; here is no treason o.
ro,f, Lord- Cobham be a traitor, what is that
vi.24lte----All that he did was by thy instigation, thou
Pee
.for I thou thee, thou traitor."
t becometh not a man of quality and virtue
eirCie,lllo.,,n'° ; but I take comforti in it :it is all you
Coke
Ralei:',Have I angered you ?"
Chief am in no case to be angry. •
eric et Justice Popham here again interfered. ; he
,w,as
w tatlY ashamed of Coke's unrelenting ferocity. Sir
oattliteft.
theAttorneyand, zeal of his duty, for the service of the King,
,Y,Oll for your life ; be patient on both sides."
t ',llls rebuke for some time seemed to produce its in-
merelycried et They proceeded to read the proofs, which
consisted of Lord Cobham's confession ; and the
heard spoke of one Dyer, who deposed to some words he had
List;_nsPoken by a Portuguese in a merchant's house,
lat.
lips ' and upon this evidence Coke and. Sergeant P
lei,e°tatnented. At the conclusion of their speeches_ Ra-
, 14 remarked, " If truth be constant, and constancy be in
hav' Why bath he forsworn that, that Ile bath said ? You
but al]
not proved any one thing against me by direct proofs,
by circumstance."
itakeiTHave you done ? the King must have the last.
his
no g I"—NaY, Mr. Attorney, he which speaket.h for hist
net mar speak last. False repetitions and mistakings must
t 1°37 cause ; you should speak, secundion allegatabel
then "a' I appeal to God and the King, in this point,
2w e-
e_
accusation be sufficient to condemn me . t
szre,?"--The King's safety, and your clearing cannot
of t protest, before God, I never knew a clearer case
reason
flere
bele another noisy, disgraceful dispute took place. Coke,
with so reprimanded by Lord Salisbury, sat down, and. was,
his ease,B°44l difficulty, persuaded to resume the prosecution of
Yoe He exclaimed, "If I may not be patiently heard,he
itt,ve, encourage traitors and discourage us. I am t_ is 7t s sworn servant, and must speak. If he be guilty, he
rdi • -or •if
t d liver him speak.
beie: then Procneoededetorecapitu.late the evidence ; and upon
10 ° told proceeded
Rai " You do me wrong," he again burst
rth
With renewed rage Thou art the most vile and exe-
erale t • salter that ever lived."
and °u speak," said Raleigh, " indiscreetly, barbarously,
(,
thy
'want Words, " retorted Coke,
yhePerous treason."
trying _wit of Raleigh never deserted him, even in the mos\
ward° mgt
; it shone equally here, as it did. ye.ars.after-
nal,iist) °Pon the scaffold. Coke was no match for him in this
ryords3'; " I think," rejoined Raleigh, " you indeed want
nt
Cake' r You have spoken one thing half a dozen ~ thy
thhgrew still more angry. " Thou art an odious fellow;
Pride ,,-11e is hateful to all the realm of England for thy
is;el.t replied Raleigh, "go near to prove a measur-
„ between you and me, Mr. Attorney."
the ell," concluded Coke, " I will now make it appear to
of thW°rld, that there never lived a viler viper, upon the face
e earth than The thou."
Nto4iadudges took no notice of this
.ren. renewed squabble. Our
fleet iilirnent at this apathy is not diminished, when we re-
areil' at among the number of the Judges who were
Popham d 4.4PPointed to try him, were the Chief Justices
eee'l 'lDder,l°o, Judges Warburton and Garidye, and Robert thisl of Salisbury. But our surprise, with regard to
on tn, eutorable trial, is not confined to any particular por-f
the °` it ; for equally surprising is the commencement of
t miserable details—its successful. con-
he "bY the verdict of the jury—and the suspension o °elocution of the sentence for seventeen years.
follf the great Lord Bacon, Mr. Johnson draws the
11,:.wing portrait. Unfortunately truth obliges us to
too-tt, that if not very flattering, it is nevertheless but
w4ltrue.
With the noblest intellect with which man
of ever blessed, Bacon possessed neither the shadow
on:political principle nor moral courage :
Ile Was indeed a remarkable instance of the union, in
the great mind, of thoughts truly sublime, and judgment
be'o,4l.l)st elevated, with prejudices and weaknesses that !Ip-s
c4re-,e:' degrading in action, and contemptible in feeling.
will
ie is C Was a mixture of Weak subserviency to the wi of
tk'oart, united with the meanest cowardice. Yet such
character, such the profound knowledge of the trueh.
love pat'a
of philosophy, which this man possessed, such .
s
iii4,°f Philosophical truth, that in spite of his venality,
ret,:i°4oPtion, his convicted bribery, and his slavery in the
clolvhee of a corrupt and despicable Court, that he will go
heat all after ages with the well-earned title of the
414ek• L,°rd Bacon, (' the wisest, brightest, . meanest of
he arises the father of true science. The philosopher, asd
ale
„fr°,',n the study of his works, feels quite satisfied
'le "°`"e confidence which Bacon had in the fav_?u_rt-
!t"eu -"'ent of posterity, was not founded on slight
will and that confidence he retained to the !est; fo
it to he tells us •: For my name and memory, I leave
tLe ',lnert's charitable speeches, to foreign nations, and to
mext Age
r. Johnson's character of the favourite Bucking-
-I)rt'ves the fidelity with which Sir Walter Scott
ske.ebed this
;eei, , celebrated Minister, in the interview be-
nib' Lordship and the rich goldsmith in the
°!,fanes of Nigel
riiiiefillekingham, in good truth, appears to have been a
°etter man than the opponents of the Stuarts are.
ttote,'
.to anew. He was opea-hearted and generous ,
ad sielle3efriend s, and hated his enemies, with equal warmth
I: '''r city'
was greedy of honour and wealth, but in
i\'r4ige suit was straightforward and uncompromising. He
of th tl w unexampled ith rapidity to the highest offices
Le 4tato
'hut was not rendered giddy by the suddenness
rofs
l-'eation. His letters show him to have possessed
eithere4ble literary talents but he was evidently unfit
e',e, • " ministerial or military affairs. His habits were
; he wrote, he advised,. he travelled, he corn-
‘l,43 "'reign expeditions, with equal zeal and_ activity._
41.'4 acrergaged in the service of his master when. he was
,thed4Lll4.t Portsmouth. His death was another instance
ogers ti [bets: encountered by public characters, front the
tv 'A pistols of .the enthusiast and the maniac."
pttse extracts arc sufficient for the purpose which
4eeoi,?°sed to ourselves in referring to this work a
soh id
Of Coke's legal contemporaries Mr.
ba3 given brief, but satisfactory.. biographical
14wv,r fie carefully distinguishes between tiie
°:f whielild the individual, and his comments uron acts
441) 44.
'4 ,t the motives seem doubtful arc liberal, impar-
occasionally very sagacious.

11

" sufficient to express

A TWAVELLER'S THOUGHTS.
1 Phis; -Longman and Co., London, 1837.
tqlv, IS a poem Suggested. by a tour through France,
1)1
wilzerland, awl Belgium, written in the metreii
14,i,‘NYlvi.(3„11's Childc Harold," hut in a cheerful, re -f
~ „ J ,13,1 tn
kle,'lL b A 'rnlilative Spirit. It contains
the
4 .1
e-11tY .I.'
-* r ' • a fair specimen of .
passages o
lio "r g • he follow i% is . . ,
4N, • P°wers. It is a very spirited little Swiss
4l'iy 41,44'nduced to break the monotony of more
-°ing, rhymes :.......
• w1""d of mountains ! land of snows !
Yous iar:cl of liberty !
iler a Sartan spirit glows,
SPirit of TphermoNite 1 .there's the Tyrant ? Where's the foe?
i--Ntral'ger, tell me, dolt thou know
...raves are all I now can see 1
‘,l,itzerlabd atid. Liberty !
•
, \
wCHORUS.
where's the Tyrant, &c,
ature's children, wise, and brave,
ire Y9U men as once of old?
o..t_h?re one would be a slave?
Ire oe bought by paltry gold?
ii): the where Gessler fell;
• u•Y the sacred shade of Tell ;
4(ilthl :, e flasi. that scathes the fir;
iv, are the men wo were 1
,','"" that battle's strife is o'er,
• WVing you with victory,
pi You revel evermore,
• trenged in slothful luxury?
litle ger, tho' we live in peace,
perilsr's perils never cease,
AL thou may'st vainly guess
our Strandfrozen wilderness
t,er, h
r ere 'twere vain to woo,
tr:i tli!'e !wain had learned to war;
'mid
tt, aim fell dead and true,
Fiv,,i, , Chamois from afar.
Lovers zertand has Spartan games,
Winner
there contend for dames ; •
Avill'i_ ers there, may wooers be,
Tell daYs of Chivalry.
'fell us not of coal-black eye;
The': not of sable hair;
Ale'
but speak too mournfully,
pairtiwo damsels should be fair
'oeltselYeen, with eyes of blue;
liettp‘' o.flent golden
%,it.3 ivluc ever will be free,
4eriMa h
and Liberty I
