BRISTOL, FEB. 23.

(FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.)
This being the day to which the Sessions stood ad-

journed, for the purpose of deciding upon a county rate, _
a measure of no light importance in the estimation of the
citizens, their worships assembled in the Guildhall this
moriaing at ten o'clock. The bench presented a good
array of the well-fed unpaid, the whole of the Magistrates
being present. Their worships remained in consultation
for about two hours, when they entered the Court, and
without venturing to make any allusion to the important
subject which it may be said call them together, the town
clerk adjourned the sessions once more, till the 14th of
March next. One or two trifling matters of local inte-
rest were disposed of, and thus ended the important la-
bours of the day.
It was generally understood yesterday evening that the
Corporation would not venture, under the peculiar circum-
stances of a proceeding having been determined on by
Government, to go on with their contemplated impost of a
county rate—a thing which has never been hitherto at-
tempted in this city, and which it was supposed they
would not endeavour to levy till some measure had been
,sought forward in Parliament authorising it. It is
evident that in the present instance the Magistrates have
found it necessary to consult public feeling, and as this is
rather is novel and unusual feature in corpot ate proceedings,
it has unquestionably been a thing with their Worships of
much doubt and difficulty. It is, however, a subject of con-
gratulation with the citizens that the measure has not been
proceeded with, and they view it in the present instance as
strong presumptive proof that the termination of the
Bristol Corporation rapidly approaches. It is understood
that several of the Magistracy are threatening to leave the
city, and some days ago it was earnestly rumoured that the
Mayor contemplated emigrating to America. I believe
this gentleman, who has been long considered a Whig, and
who presided at a dinner given on the celebration here of
the three days in Paris, would have been better pleased
had he kept himself unconnected with the Corporation.
The wonder is that any man of sense, and particularly of
reforming principles, should ever have had anything to
do with such a contemptible body.
We have occasionally rumours of the decision of the
Court-martial on Captain Warrington,—some favourable,
and others the reverse; but as yet nothing has been offi-
cially communicated. The people wonder at the delay.
Much agitation prevails here on the subject of the West
Indian outrages, and the Gazette account, in your second
edition of yesterday received to-day, has been read with
great anxiety and attention. In addition, private letters
have reached several mercantile houses, but little additional
information is contained in them. No city will suffer
so severely, in proportion to its trade and extent, as
Bristol, for the principal foreign trade carried on is
with the colonies, and much of the property of several
of the most eminent inhabitants is vested in the
islands. Further details are therefore earnestly looked
for. In the meantime the causes are warmly dis-

cussed, and it need not be observed that the Mis-

sionaries, in the estimation of the Bristol tradesmen,
are blamed for all. It is not convenient for them to
cast a glance at the prime mover of the evil—slavery.
They oppose the emancipation of the negroes, and, there-
fore, such a view would not square with their humane
ideas.
