EXTRACT OF ANOTHER LETTER PROM CAMBRIDGE.

" If two days' notice had been given, we should have had 20
or 50 M. A.'s from London, who would have thrown the peti-
tion out, as we did in the case of the Catholic petition. It. is
most disgraceful that a learned and dignified body like the Uni.
versity should be on the look out for political divisions, and act
as the men who are thinking of nothing but getting back to their
oltices and jobs.
" They ought to be especially ashamed of themselves for being
the only civilized body in England that has uttered one word
against Reform ; but the truth is, they are a poor timid set of
monks, who have lived in cloisters till they are frightened at
their own shadows.
" The petition which I sent you was composed by Mr. Whe_
welt, of Trinity College, and greater stuff; or more mawkish
truisms, I never read. It was intended for private signature, but
gave way to the Senate-house one."—Times.
The Bill has been carried through a second reading !
There was a division, and the numbers were, 302 to 301.
Re cheering was tremendous ; bet the battle is not yet
over. The Bill is to be contested in all its at iges, and the
public must be on the alert to support his Majesty's Mini-
sters in the arduous task which they have undertaken.
There must be a National Committee to promote Reform,
and its Members must consist tif delegates from the different
counties, boroughs, cities, and towns of tie kitralam.—
There is now, it is quite evident, tin other mode of com-
, bating a House, no inconsiderable portion of which is re-
turned by corruption, and of which many of the Members
have no constituents !---Morning Advertiser.
The great feature of the debate of last night was the
speech of Sir James Searlett, whose life, according to the
saying of the present Lord Chancellor, had been a life of
virtue up to the period of his joining the Tory faction.
we need scarcely say, that it was against Reform ; for who
could expect, from an FA-Attorney-General, a speech in fa.
vour of such measure? It did not, however, tell on any part
of the House—the Tories seemed to be ashamed of their ad-
vocate, and but faintly cheered him as he advocated the
cause of corruption and misrepresentation ; while his
former associates scowled disdain upon his arguments, and
seemed to say, that holding such opinions as lie expressed,
he ought to have vacated his seat. He is the nominee of
the oldest anti staunchest Reformer in the country !
.211ornitisc Advertiser.

The adjourned Debate was mourned, last night, and
listed till half-past three o'clock, when the House divided,
and the numbers proved to be—for the second reading of
the Bill 302 ; against it 301 ;—being, thus far, a majo-
rity of one in favour of Ministers. They have little rea-
son, however, to congratulate themselves on the result,
for this apparent victory is, in effect, a signal and decisive
overthrow for them and the enemies of the Constitution.
The lovets of order, the true friends of the Monarchy and
of their country, so far from feeling disheartened, will raise
a shout of joyful triumph for the ascendancy of those prin-
ciples which alone can secure the stability of the one or the
happiness and honour of the other. It is scarcely neces-
sary to observe that front twenty to thirty who have voted
for the second reading of the Bill have thereby recorded
simply their approval of the principle of Reform, having
openly expressed themselves hostile to tlas monstrous pro-
ject in toto. As many more, who are likewise ready to
support a safe and rational plan of modified Reform, have
allowed the Bill to pass this stage with the view of
introducing vet), material amendments iota the de-
tails. Looking forward therefore to the Committee,
tl.e country will rely with confidence upon the wis-
dom and firmness of Parliament to reject and
repudiate all dangerous innovation upon the established
order of things. If Ministers, defeated in their revolu-
tionary designs, refuse to listen to any moderate proposi-
tions, their teal character and views will then be apparent
to the world ; their assumed guise of Reformiats, in a
spirit friendly to the Monarchy and the constitution of
Great Britain, can no longer avail thew, and they will ex-
pose themselves as the wretched tools or infatuated dupes
of that desperate democ:atical faction, whose sole aim is
the subversion of all established institutions, a general
spoliation of property, and, the elevation of themselves
upon the ruins of all that is nohlc, great, and good in the
country. Whether the cld lus ex pedieut of dissolving Par-
liam,nt, and thus risking the public tranquillity be afford-
ing an opportunity for brute violence and iatimidation on
the part of a 'abide whose had passions have been iniquit-
ously excited,--whether we say this shameful expedient
be contetnplatail, seeing that the fate of the Bill as it stands
is decided, we know not. But should it be possible, it
will still remain to be seen what course his Majesty will
pursue on the occasion; and upon this most important
point we have the happiness to say, that there is every
reason to hope the generous-hearted Moteirch will not suffer
himself to be misled ; but that in the goodness and '
patriotism of his disposition, studying only what is best
for the welfare of his people, be will firmly resist so un-
principled a design on the part of his Ministers.-2lforning
Post.

Mr. EGERTON presented 4 petition from the coun'y
of Chester, in favour of the plau of Reform. The HGu.
Mereber regretted that he could nut r•onscieutiously support
the Bill. He must however• say that many of its provi-
sions had his support.

An Hox. AIZMBER, whose name we could not learn,
said he gave the Bill his most hearty supplirt, sqd if Mi—
nisters consented to any alteration, they should have his
opposition.

Air. EGERTON then presented petitions from Sock-
port and Alacele.field, in favour of the pl:n of Reform.
Mr. JAMES BROUGHAM presented a gr.-at number
of petitions from various places in favour of Reform.
Mr. PORTMAN presented a petition from the eousty.
of Dorset in favour of Reform. The Hon. Nether said
the petition was most numerously signed, and every indi-
vidual who signed was a person of property.
Mr. PORTMAN then presented similar petitions from
Sherborne, Leominster, Lyme Regi., and several other
places, awl another from Blackburn, against Reform.
Colonel DAVIES presented a petition signet/ by be•tween
2 and 3,000 inhabitants of Bristol, in favour of Reform.
Mr. BALFOUR presented a petition from a plae! in
Scotlaud against parts nf toe Rearm Di/1.

Sir ROWLAND HILL presented a petition from Wel-
lington and several other places in Shropshire against co-
lonial slavery.

Mr. WILSON PATTEN presented u petition front
Eccles in favour of Refo

Lord KILLEEN presented a petition front a pari4h in
the county of Meath, praying for the extension of the Jury
system to Ireland.

Mr. O'CONNELL supported the prayer of the petition.
Lord ALTHORP moved that the Order of the Day for
the return of the Sugar Duties Bill he read a third time.
Lord ALTHORP also moved that the Order of the
Day for the Civil List Committee be read.
Mr. PHILLPOTTS said he was not aware of the or-
der. and was not prepared for it.
Lord ALTHORP said that there might exist some
mistake respecting the subject, and therefore he was ready
to postpon.. it.
Mr. PHILLPOTTS said he should move to-mor.
row, that in lieu of the several pensions charged on tl e
Civil List, a sum should be added to his Majesty's pri‘y
purse, to be under his Majesty's sole controul.
Mr. PEEL said, that as the half-pays were payable
next week, he should not interrupt the business.
Sir H. HARDINGE asked the Right Hon. Secretary
for Ireland, when might the House expect to have the Bell
for refortaing the representation of Ireland laid upon the
table, and how soon after it shall have been laid upon
the table, would his Majesty's Government be ready to
discuss it.

Mr. STANLEY said, he should by the Lill union tl.e
table to-rnoriow evening, and he bhould then, or nt any
future day which might suit the convenience of the Hous ,
bo ready to discuss it.
COMMITTEE OF SUPPLY.

On the motion of Mr. W. WYNN, the House resolved
itself into a Committee of Supply.
The first grant proposed was for the sum of 19,0001.
for the Royal Military Asylum which after some discussion
in which Mr. Hume, Sir H. Hart Huge, Mr. O'Connell,
Colonel Sibthorpe, and Mr. Briscoe took part, was
agreed to.
