LAW INTELLIGENCE.

COURT OF BANkEUPTCY, JULY 13.
A Sub-division Court vi-.ls held to-day in the case of R.
Becton, of Blackfriars road, linen-draper, against whom a
fi It was i,,ht:ed a slinrt time ago. At private and other meet-
ings held before Mr. Comm;ssioner Evans, the bankrupt, in
accountito? for his Lessee in trade, alleged that he had sold
1,703/. worth of pror:etty at half the invoice price to a plrty
he did not knew. Tl.e c.; editor arid the si,ners sere
not sari fled v.ith th;s explonation, and an adjournment to a
Sub- Division Cow t to:.k place.
to-day. Ile hal b en in
luisinc-s in 13Lckfrar:-ro.A frnin Oetob! r, 1332 to Juce
last ; that his del;rs were al.out 4 0001 ; that his stock
ullen he left h's shop was worts - aht,nt 1,500/ ; that he
bad Feld at v,riou, times property at half the invoice prices
to a m in on- Water'.oo.bi-idge wh so name and business he did
not know, and that the last lot of goods so 'sold had - not yet
been paid for. . Th.; Commissioners, after a patient investiga-
tion of the c,;se, did not believe the -statenwnt of the bankrupt,
and Lr.:ercl him to b^ committed to New-21%ts.

MARKET INTELLIGENCE.

(From Fhe ;.-eu, London Price Carrera of last Evening.)

SUL:Vt.—For British Plantation there was a goo.l demand in the
early pars of the week : the reliersre were the principal buyers, and the
rotes previously cstaislished were supported; oa Tuesday the purchases
arnomeet! to 600, ant! cn Wednesday to 1,000 hhds and Ire, besides on the
former day 129 ithda Earhadoes at auction fetched former rates; ored to
fine brought 57s 60 to 63s 6d; yesterday, however, there was lea
ba dress doing, th quantity sold amounting to on'y 400 Mi; and trs
at termer prices; low.sh yellow and grey :augers have beee sold at 53; to
5.1 a mid dLto 553 to 57,, pod 57s 60 to 59s 60, aud a tine board of
Antigua was sold at 61e Gd.
There has been mere• activity in the Refined ,Market this week ; a
good demand has been experieacsd for grocery de.scription3; Lumps
. ache: u rd: r the standard hare brought 74; to 74; 6.1, and those passing
73e; the shippers leave come forwerd more freely, anti business to a fair
extort s its; beet, transacted in double Crushed at 33s Gd to 345. and fur-
ther purchases could -net be made exc: pang as the later figure.
Meuse rr us.—This statenoon there was only a limited Lthiness doing,
and 4,094 bags at auction sold 60 to I s lower, the greater decline on
the Worsts descriptions, good mid-and good bright yellow brought 53s to
aes, low and yrid with strength 515 to 535, mid and good brown 49s to
50s 60, erd 45s 6d, black 40s per cwt.
East I:suttee—This afternoon Bengal was less in request, and 3,035
bags at auetioa went at rather lower rates for the ord kinds, the better
sorts supported their former t urrency, one lot very fine white brought
G6s, fine (3:ls del a 64s 6d, mid 61s 6d a-625, rather dingy 604 tid a 616
o,d 59; 6,1, damps 60, 60 st 625, washed Si); a 63s Ed, siring sound yd.
tow 50; a 393 Gd, mid 57; a 5Sa 6 1, d.unps 57; a dOs.
cop ea —This afternoon 3,107 bags Brazil were offered at auction,
all of welch found buyers, but at a reduce on on previous rates of Is on
geed ord., and Is 6d on ord. descriptions, the former with velour went at
37s a Sib, and the latter 34s 6.1 a 365. British Plantation continues to
eel freely : at auction 111 casks Jamaica went again ratht r dearer for
the lower qualities; the better sorts brought full prices, and in some
instances they were a shade higher ; fine sold at 129 s to 130 s, middling
and low naiddling 1031e0110,, good era. brown 98s to 100 s. Ceylon
is also in good request for consumption ; 4,017 bags auction went 26
dearer, .ord, sold at 63; to 84s, good and fine ord. 86s to 881 per cwt.
INDroo.—The large public sales consisting of 9,582 chests East India,
commenced on Tuesday last, in the presence of a numerous attendance
of the trade. TheY'have generally brought 20 to 4d advance, on the
April salo's rates; raid. and defective sorts on the first day went with
less spirit, teed more unevenly, at from Let sale's prices to 20 discount
proprietors having met the buyers very freely. For the Madras there
was resuels competition, anti the prices obtained are 4d to 60 above
those efthe April sales. Up to this afternoon 3,347 chests have passed
the sale, of which on!y 360 chests have been bought in and withdrawn.
TEA,--with the exception of Bohea, which his been sold on rather
easier terns, prices of other sorts have undergone no variation since our
last report. The demand in the early part of the week was limited for both
Black and Green sorts ; yesterday and to-day buyers came forward
more freely, and purchased at a fair event at the rates previously
established. nureio this afternoon 160,600 packages have passed the
sale, of which 34,000 have found buyers.
SALTPIITRe.— rough is held fur fully previous rates; the purchases,
however, have been offered to a limited extent. English Refined has sold
steadily at the qUotatioas. On Friday next, 2,soobags will be offered at
auction. This afternoon the auctions consisted of 3,504 bags, which met
a good demand at previous sates, Madras refraction 111 to 8 per cent.
brought 225 to 533; Calcutta 81 to 31 per cent. 23s 6d to 24s 6d per cwt.
Box, BILANDI, AND HOLLAND3!—The Rum market continues to
present an animated appearance ; there has been -a brisk. de-
mand since our last report for both Jamaica and Lsewards, 'and
an advance on forms Kates of la •to Id per gallon has been obtained.
Brandy has been taken sparingly, first brands of the vintage of 1836
are net to be purchased under 3s 7d to 3s Bd. In Geneva the trans.
actions have been limited at late rates. British Corn Spirits are 10s,
there is, however, not much demand.
OILS—For Linseed Oil there has been a good demand at 26s a 26s 6d.
In Rape thePlirchaies babe been only to a limited extent at late prices.
Palm has sold heavily at 40/..; a good demand has been experienced
since our last at prices fully equal to those previously quoted ; at public
sale 100 tuns Southern sold at 211 a 2715 s for ord. to good quality.
Itres.—.ast India has been less in request, and a part only of 2,400
bags Bengal at auction, found buyers at 6d decline, good mid and good
white selling at 145 60 to 15s 6d, IoW miell3s to 13; 6el ; the remainder
was bought in at 14e 6d to 15s for good mid.
TALLOW.—This inarket.has become quiet, and prices are not so good
as they were last week. The demand for St. Petersburg Yellow Candle
for consuinptiaii hal been liMited, and 47s 6d to 475. 9d has been ac-
cepted for first, quality. For delivery the operations have been trivial,
at 463.6 d per cwt.
SPlCES.—Pimento at public sale sold, coarse shipping quality at 310.,
fair 3111. For Pepper there has been a steady request; went at aid a
31,1 for good half heavy Eastern, and 3id for ord. dusty East India.
4,000 packets, Sec., Bengal. at auction brought 21s a 21s Gd for fair.
Cinnamon in small parcels 'Continue to find buyers at 3d a 4d profit
on late rates.
Wooe.—For the Colonial there was a brisk demand at prices lad a
sad per lb above those of the last auctions; East India, Spanish, German,
and other kinds sold readily at previous rates.
COTTON.—This afternoon 2,330 bales Surat and 1,629 Madras were
offered at auction ; of the former only a third part sold at their previous
value, ord. at 4d to 4ed ; of the latter only 50 bales found buyers at
4ed for inferior, being:late prices.

COAL MAR
Ships Arrived sine,

Per Ton. 3. .1.
Adair's. l7 6
Chester Main
Holywell

.KET.-July 13.
last martt‘trday. 40.
s.
rer Tun. d
to 0 Walls End Stewart's
Walls Era Hartlepool 93 0
Dixon's Butterknowl l6 3
Wall; End Adelaide 2l 0
Walls End Barrington Tees l9 3
Walls End Flintaff Tees 2O 0
Walls End Seymour Tees
Walls End lees 2l 0
Walls End West Hetton
Walls End West Tees ll 0
Blythe l5 0
13rampton Main ......... .
Silkstone Wilson....
Walls End Devonahire l4) 0
Walls End Elgin.

Pontop Windsor lB 3
Russell's High Main l6
South Tanfield
Wylam .
Walls End Heaton :2O 9
Walls End Hilda
Walls End Killingworth 19 9
Walls End Braddyil'a Helton 22 6
Walk End Haswell -o 6

Walls End Iletton 23 0

Walk End Larnbton

30

Walls 6;:i Russel's He ton... 22 9

Captain Morris, the well-known convivial son°.
writer, died on Wednesday morning at Drookbarn Lodge, near Dorking'',
in Surrey. He wa3 in his 93d ye r, 'and had for many years past livcd
in retirement; his illness, which Vas only of four days' duration, was
internal inflammation.

MR. BENNETT'S GUIDE FOR TRAVELLERS IN
NORTH \VALES, with 20 Etchings, by A. Clint. This is a beautiful
work—as delightful a one as we have met with for tunicy years. It

abounds with sketches, admirably executed, of many of those charming
vales and mountains in the beautiful country of which it treats. It
raords us also specimens of some of the national airs of Wales, giving
us the music of them as welt as thew. The work will add greatly
to Mr. Bennett's reputation. It is, a book of travels written with a
poet's love or nature,- a hunmurist'S cheerfulness, and in a scholarly and
pleasing style It abounds in Welsh legends, humorous and otherwise,
and the reflective portion or it does the author singular credit.—Court
Journal.
We extract the following), without addir,7 a word of
comment, from a private letter ree:ived from a resperlable gentleman
in the West Highlands :—" There is a strange plague reported to be
in Macleod's country.; the ground is in great part covered with a red
worm, which consumes the grass and destroys the pasture; the earth is
red. Th priple ascribe it to the dertulation of the land ; and that
one of their bards prophesied that the sheep would de:troy the people,
and the sheli would be destroyed by the pasturc."—lnverness Courier.

- SLAVERY IN MALABAII.

t ~

- t - Bombay -Gazette.-).
It has been long known to the Court. of Directors that
Slavery existed to a frightful extent in this part of their
dominions and that the system on which it is upheld -is a
thousand times more degrading than that which met with so
large a portion of public reprobation', in out West Indiati and
other Colonies. It- was known that the value of a Malabar
slave was lower than that of the most ordinary descriptions
of cattle, and that- consequently, in the eyes of an owner,
the life of an ox, a sheep or a goat was more highly
prized, and better taken care of than that of • a fellow 'being,
inheriting the sameimmortal•destiny as himself; and.posseesed'.
of the usual faculties, feelings, and sympathies of human
nature. The documents in which all these important and
appalling facts are fully stated,inay be superseded in the atten-
tion of the Court by others of a more recent date, but it ought
to be knov-n to the people of England that they are in -exis-
tence, and it is a duty which every friend of his species
ewes to the cause of humanity, to call for their produc-
tion, that the energies of a nation which has been ever
foremost in the practice of benevolence may be directed to the
extinction of one of the foulest .'disgraces of our Indian admi-
nistration. The British public has yet to learn that in one of
the fairest provinces of Western India alone, there is at this
moment several hundreds of thousands of human beings, liable
to every description of suffering, that the value placed upon the
head of these wretched beings is we more than, according to
sex and age, from . six to .less than two shillings each. One
gentleman lone in North Malabar possesses considerably up-
wards.of a thousand, and, instead of denouncing the acquisi-
tion of such property, Government aided and encouraged both
himself and his father in this worse than West' India ownership
of slaves. Will it be believed that the purchase of a slave,
which in Bombay would be treated as a crime, is, in the part
of the country referred to, not only customary, but lawful?
We know that there is not a servant of Government in the
south of India who is not intimately acquainted with the
alarming fact, that hundreds of• thousands, of • his fellow-
creatures, are fettered down for life to thedegreded destiny
of slavery. We know that these unfortunate beings are not,
as is the case in- other countries, serfs of the soil, and in-
capable of being transferred at the pleasure of their owners
from one estate to another; no, they are daily sold like cattle
by one proprietor to' another, the husband is separated
from the wife, arid the parent from the child. They
are loaded with every indignity, the utmost possible quan-
tity of labour is exacted from them, and the most meagre
fare that human nature can possibly subsist upon is doled
out to support them; Will 'it be believed that Govern-
ment itself participates in this description of property ;
that it actually holds possession of slaves, end lets their out
for 'hire to the- cultivetore of the country, the rent. of a whole
family being, two fsnams, or half a rupee per annum?
These people aro shattered Lear the vim& of Muthilagata
on the island of Chethay in Southern Malebar e.and formerly
belonged to the Dutch Government ; but came into our
Possession on the conquest of : Cochin, Besides these
there are a conSiderable number of other slaves in different
parts 'of the province, from whom no revenue is derived but
who are considered by their emploeers as much their private
property, as if they had purchased them. These have come
into the pessresioa of the Company either by escheat or by
the rebellion of their former owners, and are consequently
forfeited along with the property of which they fi;rnied a part
It may be asked by some one who has not inquired into the
subj:ct, whether, in the improvement which has taken [lace in
the administration of the country since we assumed the direction
of is affairs, the situation of the slave part of the popula-
tion has not been rendered in many respects more com.
fertable? This ne ere sorry to say, has nut been the case.
The Slave in every rosp.ict, as to severity of labour, insuffi-
ciency of food, and clothing, exposure to storm and r.unshine,
and liability t > be torn away from his kindred, and sold to the
highest bdd ers centinucs the same be peless being as before.
The boasted mildness and evity of our alminiettatinn has
dme tiothine to alleviate an evil which has loten truly deno-
minated the bitterest under the sun. The eerse ot Wcs-t India
shivery n as nsthing to that of shivery in Mnlabar and the ad-
jeinieg prey nces. In the former, the bitterness of the cup
was not unn,inglcd with a few sweets, which partly reconciled
the slave populetion to their deem. They had good food,
comfortable dwellings and sufficieat . elothine 'I hey Isere ,al-
lowed to purchase their Trcelom,' and many of theni accumu-
lated the wherewithal te set themselves at liberty. Let us
contrast this picture of West forhan Slarcry with that which
exists uedir our rule in this county. There is a r. galas
allowance of food se' sport for the slexce, which allowaece rs
not nay° than half of vilest is necessary for the comfortable
sabsisteece of a Man or woman. This allowancA, miserable as
it is at tile. very best, is i.i many instancss diminiened to about

a at the Cipeice of a cruel or an avaricious master, and
it is re, quently withdrawn altogether on those days when there
is no work to be done. T:icr clothing is scanty in the extreme,
even ire a country in which that of their free fellow come-
t-}teen. is barely suftici. lit to protect them from the weather.
Forme she suppeeecti impmity of tl.eie crea'ure2, their
daellings are in. most ease.; situated at a. great d;stance from
those of their more civilize." fellow-creatures, in .the most un-
Loiltby ar.d desolate trAct3 of the district which is the scene
of their d,gradation. , They have no holidays whatever, but
work all he year- ecund _from meriting to 'eight, and watch
frJrn night till 'homing. The labour mcst prejudicial to health
is on all. cc asions allottcd to them, the wet lands being cul-
tivated almost exclusively 'uy slaves. They are subjected to
the lash, they aro put into: the stocks, and they are
cast in very often for the most trivial off2nces.
They Lyre no•,spot' .13-; ground- .tci_ cultivate for them-
selves, and if even- out. of the miserable pittance that is
allowed them they could save a- stun of money equal to
the value -which•is put upon them when sold by,their masters,
they are prohib:ted from purchasing their freedom 1 Can any
thing be more monstrous, more appalling, than this dreadful
sentence which .has been passed on so large a portion of
our fellow-creatures? Or is there anythiag which could be
there properly taken into consideration by the philanthropic
portico of the Beitish Parliament? • - •

. • _
SUPERIOR WINES, the PROPERTY of an OFFICER of
HIGH RANK in the EAST INDIES, and now deposited in

the Cellars of his Town Mansion.
MR. GEORGE ROBINS is empowered to
SELL by AUCTION at' the Great Rooms in Covent-
Garden, on, MoNnAv , the 30th. of July, a.t,Tvvelve,o'clock,
The exceedingly select and very choice portion of Wines of
AN OFFICER OF lIIGHRANKI
from the East Inches. They Were originally iniported :by him, di-
rect from the places of their growth, were deposited for some years
in his Cellars in India, and have been bottled since his return. The
real connoisseurs and admirers of such Wines are especially invited
to this Sale, in the full assurance that the opportunity is one too
rare to be disregarded.
The following are the quantities to be offered to public ccmpeti-
tion,rand viz. :
480 Quart Bottles old East India'4B Bottles St. Peray c
Madeira. *Mousseux.
240 Pints of the same. 48 ditto Rose Ickux.
720 Quart Bottles of exceedingly 96 Betties of fine red and white
fine old brown Sherry. Hermitage.
480 Pint Bottles of -ditto. . ditto of Coti Roti Rouge et
480 Quart Bottleinof very old Blanc.. •
& high-flavoured Teneriffe. & 48 ditto of Muscat de Frontignan,
720 Pint Bottles of the same. &c. &c. &u.
The whole will be delivered from the Proprietor's Cellars, where
they sere all bottled by Capel and Co.,'and are with confidence re-
commended to the serious attention of eonnoisseurs.
Covent- Garden.

IN 'MONMOUTHSHIRE.
The HILSTON ESTATE, FIVE MILES FROM MON-
PA
Tie
Eh
MOUTH, in the MOST INTERESTING
COUNTY, NEAR 600 ACRES ef LAND, NIRTETLL St
NANTED.
MR. GEORGE ROBINS is directed to SELL
by AUCTION, at the Beaufort—Arms, Monmouth, on
FitinAr, the 17th of August, at Twelve, for One; (mast.
A valuable FREEHOLD PROPERTY.
The HILSTON ESTATE
for many years had stood high in public estimation, when it became
renowned by
Sir ROBERT BROWNRIGGE, Bart.,
fixing on this enchanting spot to retire from t.s turmoils of public
life, and dispense
OLD ENGLISH HOSPITALITY
in a style well worthy of imitation. His successor would have fol-
lowed so amiable an example, but fate (against which few of us
can contend) had ordained it otherwise. The Mansion was con-
sumed by fire, and its progress only stopped on the ground floor,
although a great portion of valuable materials are safely deposited
on the spot. The Court-yard and Buildings escaped without in-
jury, inclosing capital stabling, eoachhouees, and most excellent
appointed faces throughout. The new possessor will have the
pleasure in creating a new edifies, to avail himself of the improve-
ments suggested by the present schwa of architecture, astri in the
itable
tmeantime
gatibh,
(le
aep
.rl ntstcloiepal rndeutcfahai rl mboyf- hiwtosauyi eolfnmiinfiotglrhdotd(laubcaetiiiorlinec.ndepoin
atTiori:esd a u
. nexFirstlyt
IeIS AAcRLEL3 FREEHOLD, INCLUDING
X9l RINGINCFDEINNG
gCE
The Estate
A moderate tithe
AND LOW POOR RATE.
Around the
