HOUSE OF COMMONS.

A PERSON from the Treasury presented at the Barn return
of the Small Profit Account of the Trinity House.
A PEnsom fromthe Attorney-General's Office brought up
a Return of the }xpences in the Attorney-General's Office, re.
lative to Patents.
A Return from the Treasury was also presented at the Bar,
of all Papers relating to the intended improvements in the City
of westminster.
SCOTCH AND IRISH BANKING SYSTEMS.
Mr. J. MACKENZIE presented two petitions from the
County of Ross, and from a town in Scotland, agaiwu any al.
teratibn in the existing Banking System of Scotland.
Mr. MONTEITH presented a similar petition from the
Royal Borough of Peebles.
Mr. TYNDAL presented a petitionof a similar nature from
the Royal Park of 11'hinnarsh.
Similar petitions were presented by Sir G. WARRENDER
from the inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Dunbar ; from
the Farmers and others of Roxburglisiiire ; and from the
Magistrates and Town Council of the Royal Borough of
Dunbar
SCOTCH CURRENCY.

Mr. C. W. GRANT pr.eSented a petition from the Minister
and Inhabitants of a Parish in the County of Edinburgh,
against any alteration in the state of the Scotch Currency.
Mr. S. WHITBREAD presented three petitions from the
Surveyors of Highways, praying for a protection of their in-
terests affected by the Act for Consolidating the Turnpike
Trusts of Roads near the metropolis.
DEBTOR AND CREDITOR BILL.
Sir 11. MARTIN presented a petition from the Merchants
and Traders of Plymouth, praying that the Debtor and Credi-
tor Bill might petitions a 'Law.
Two similar were presented by Sir C. COLE, from
the towns of Cambridge and Ridgehearon.
NEGRO EMANCIPATION.
The Honourable Mr. KNOX presented two petitions from
two parishes in Ireland, praying for the abolition of Negro
Slavery.
Sir C. COLE presented a petition from the county of Gla-
morgan to the amnia effect.
Sir JOSEPH YORKE said, he rose to present to the House
a petition from the inhabitants of the town of Riegate, praying
that the House would be pleased to adopt those measures that
would most effectually tend to a speedy improvement of the
condition of the Slave population in the West India Colonies.
The petitioners did not go the length of praying for the total
and sudden abolition of slavery, us they well knew that the
edicts of that House could not reach further than the guns of
our men of war could carry them. But they did pray, that if
the Colonies refused to listen to the Warning voice of the House,
the Government would deprive then, of the protecting duty
which they now possessed in favour' of their staple commodity
—and that the sugar produced by free labour might have a

Mr. HUME presented a petition from the Practicers Of Me-
dicine in the neighbourhood of London against the Act fin re-
gulating the practice of Apothecaries throughout England and
Wales. The Bill had not answered its object. The'petitioners
complained that they were exposed to have their drugs exa-
mined by partial drug merchants, whilst the retail druggists,
who made up the greater part of the prescriptions, were ex-
empted from the examination.
BANK OF ENGLAND ACCOUNTS.

Sir F. BURDETT presented a petition from a person named
W. Harris, who stated himself to he a Proprietor of Bank
Stock, and therefore claimed the right of inspecting the Ac.
counts of the Company, in order to ascertain the state of their
profits. lie had applied to the Governor of the Bank for such
permission, who had inforined him, that it was requisite to ob-
tain the consent of a majority of the Directors. The Peti-
tioner thought it Just and requisite that the accounts of the
Company should be printed, and delivered to the Proprietors
half•yearly.
