LITERATURE.

MITFORD' S GREECE. VoL. VII.
Cadell, London. 1836.
The present volume, which, is the seventh, com-
mences with the Athenian invasion of Sicily, and car-
ries clown the history to the termination of what was
called the Confederate, or Social War. It is, as usual,
handsomely printed, and is embellished by an engraved
fac simile of a curious silver coin of Syracuse, which
is copied from a specimen in the British Museum.

THE WESTMINSTER RE VIE W--No. XLVIL

Macrone.

This Number contains no fewer than twelve articles.
five of which are on subjects of national interest, They
are all well written; and as varied, in a literary point
of view, as is possible where the end and the means
of attaining to it are alike uniform. The " West-
minster Review" is the only existing periodical,
equal pretensions to public regard, in which there is on
clashing of political opinions—no conflict of great. moral
principles,-----no admission of.ultimate perfection in any
system of Government which is not based upon, and
does not originate in, a pure democracy. In every
other publication the careful reader will not fail
to discover departures from the avowed general
object of the work, constantly recalling to his mind
the beautiful parable of the tares which were sots n by
an enemy during, the slumbers of the wearied husband-
men. Thus not unfrcquently the " Edinburgh Re-
view" puts forth the most obnoxious high Tory doc-
trines ; the " Quarterly" spouts unadulterated Radi-
calism, but oftener moderate Whiggism, by the page
together; and " Blackwood" and " Fraser" - write as if
they covertly despised the King, the Aristocracy, and
the Established Church,much more sincerely than they
feign a regard for Constitutional gewgaws. But nothing
escapes the philtering process to which whatever appears
in the Westminster Review. is subjected. Assume what
disguise it may—criticism upon an epic Poem—a picture
book of travels—a work of fancy—or whatever '
else might serve for the conveyance of an opinion, still
if the doctrine propounded -be opposed to the princi-
ples of the work, it will as. certainly be detected, as
when detected it will be pronounced inadmissible. This
it is which gives the readers of the Westminster Re,
view 'that confidence in its dicta which is so generally
characteristic of them ; for very few, besides those
who entertain precisely the same opinions as its Editor
will habituate themselves to its perusal. And thus
the admiration of many is given up to secure the per%
manent idolatry of a few. In advocating the same
principles which have been advocated a hundred times
before in the memory of the same class of readers, it
may be impossible to avoid repeating arguments em-
ployed on former occasions ; and thus a sameness be-
comes perceptible which is tolerable only among
thinkers who pass their lives in a struggle to acquire a
mastery over some one darling idea.
The first article in this Number of the Westminster
Review, is an examination of the " Colonial Policy
of Great Britain." It cannot be read with in-
difference by those who value the future greatness
of this country. We do not agree with the Reviewer on
many points ; to discuss' the policy of retaining Gi-
braltar, Malta, and the lonian Islands, would seem to
us tantamount to a grave argument in favour of high-
ways and a protective constabulary force ; neither can
we'-fa -persuaded that a nation's glory and happiness
is wholly a question of pounds, shillings, and pence.
When our Redeemer said that man lived not by bread
alone, he testified the unsoundness of all such
economical aphorisms as pretend to ascertain the hap:-
piness of a people from a knowledge of the circulating
medium passing through their hands. But taken alto',
gether, the statements made by the Reviewer, borne
out as they are by Parliamentary documents, are de-
serving of the most serious attention. The article is
the very best of the sort we reinember to have read.
We shall be glad 'to see a reprint of it in a cheaper
form, for the benefit of those who may not have an op-
portunity of seeing it in the columns of the Review.
The " House of Peers" is severely dealt with, in an
able article purporting to be the review of a pamphlet on
this subject, written by the Hon. Member for Bath--
Mr. Roebuck. Iu most marketable commodities
weight is the surest creterion of intrinsic value, and
unless pamphlets be made out an exception to the ge-
neral rule, this gentleman is decidedly the cheapest
political knowledge-vender in the kingdom. But for-
tunately for the reader, the Reviewer is a very different
person from the individual whose tract is made the in-
strument of a well-directed and well-sustained attack,
made upon the abuses consequent upon the existence
of our hereditary and irresponsible Peerage. -
The Fudges in England" cannot be read without
an admission on the part of the reader that Moore, as
a satirist, has found a Reviewer worthy of him. We
have seldom met with a morsel of criticism more to our
taste than the comparison between Moore and Swift,
as scourges of saint-craft and priest-craft. " Mr.
Moore," observes the Reviewer, " has the true sports-
manlike relish for a booby Peer or a twaddling Baro-
net. Nobody is a better shot at a dunce in a star and
garter. The assembling of the Lords' House, or an
Exeter Hall convocation, is to' him what the Ist of
September is to the heroes of the fowling-piece. Then
is the season for blockhead-shooting ; he has a merry
autumn before him ; and day after day does he return
with his pouch full—often bagging twenty brace of
bigots in one day's shooting." The following account
of the rise and progress of the " spiritual union" be-
tween Churchmen and Evangelicals is as correct as it
is spirited :
" Priestcraft, and saint-craft, it is worthy of'temark, have
not always been in that close alliance in which they are
seen at the present day. A man need not be very grey-
headed to remember a time, when the intriguer of Portman-
square, and the bigot of Exeter-hall, were distinct personages.
It is in truth only of late years, that the genius, of Orangeism
has enlarged its philacteries so immoderately; turned' tract-
monger, and missionary, and covered the. seas with floating
chapels. Recent is the coil and uproar about the souls of
Papists : and the going forth of the Cookes and Cunning-
hams, with the whole expedition of strolling Church-of-
Englandism, is within the memory of living men. The late
Archbishop Magee—of antithetical celebrity—may perhaps be
said to have been the father of the present system. If he did
not beget the hybrid between fanaticisM and faction, he bap-
died and confirmed it. Before his day, the Irish Catholics
were leftas far as the ecclesiastic- was concerned—to settle
his account with Heaven's Chancery' after his own fashion.
Satisfied with his monopoly of things secular, the Orangeman
bestowed upon things spiritual a very inconsiderablz portion of
his attention. The Beresfords and Jocelyns t ad not purchased
their pocket-bibles ; the Lefroys vrfn•cy mere Tory lawyers ;
the Shaws were speculating C.,Orporators ; and it is probable
that' there was net i.1:1 the-whole Protestant establishment a
curate, or in the whole Protestant aristocracy a lord or a lady,
vlO could fix the date of the Milennium, determine the lon-
gitude and latitude of the New Jerusalem, or show the identity
of Mr. O'Connell's power with the dominion of the beast in
the Apocalypse. It was a peaceful sera of unadulterated
jobbing. Orangeism stood upon a single and simple ground.
The churchman did not affect the christian. Nay, if any body
was then a saint, he met with all discouragement, and the
countenance of prelacy shone not upon him. So, Billy, you
have got the grace l'—roared a jocular and dissipated digni-
tary of the, house of Waterford, at his own table, to a revs_
rend kingsman, now. a star of the first magnitude in 'lee re-
ligions firmament, who was then just peering witi, uisfirst tre-
mulous lustre above the horizon. When e Bible Societies
a ere first instituted, they had no fees so loud, vehement, and
bitter as the clergy. • Had any vagrant divine like Mr. O'Sul-
livan, fallen in the cycle of his ping perigrinations.into the
clutches of a clericaleven in the reeions of
Armagh or
sr,,i,rry4 a tipevial. interposition could alone have
delivered him from the stocks and the beadle.
,t Thus slight was the opposition of the Orange clergy,
little more than a doaen years back, to a league with saints
or fanatics. The rector drank his Port, and the dignitary his
Burgundy and you could not have more annoyed either, than
by a reference to St. Paul, or the remotest allusion to St. Pe-
ter. It was a personal' affront to a Bishop to produce a Bible.
The party was sufficiently strong in its political resources;
motive for hypocrisy, there was none ; and nobody encumbers.
himself with a masquerade dress, until it becomes inconve-
Went to appear in his csin character, What, then, were *4

•
changes in times and circumstances, which induced the clergy
to put on the garb of sanctity over their canonicals, and led
to a treaty between the Church and the Conventicle ? Th 3
event is not difficult to account for. The rapid progress of
the Catholic question, from the time that the Association be.
gan it bold and magnificent career, placed the Orange party
in a new position. Accustomed to assail, the chiefs of Ascend-
ancy now became the assailed ; and they soon discovered that
to keep the field it was necessary to make new alliances. The
benefit's of corruption were partaken of by too few, to make
it a sufficiently active principle of combination for the body.
A reinforcement ;vas indispensable ; and what could serve'
their purpose better than the self-same spirit of fanaticism,
which in calmer days had been the butt of their pleasantrieg and occasionally a mark for keener arrows ? They tonnes ac.
cordingly a repentant and desiring eye upon the 13e!hsitida and
Ebenezer Chapels, and conceived the design of a :loint-stock
company of corruptionists and canters, the ham of the pert:
nership being the common hostility of both tck their fg!iiowi.
countrymen of the Catholic persuasion. Thera were
ties, it is true, in the way of the prOPll'ed union; but therh
were facilities also. Among eth‘N.,things it is to In 13`oserved,
rof,-y
that there was an old fa
There was thJii:e connection between. the parties,
of consanguinity which exists between!
the 17,ueries and the follies—the vices and the tmbecilitics.
Their advances were, therefore, as the rush. of brother. to
reconcilement ; the past was steeped in. Labe; arid faction
and fanaticism—kindred mischiefs--leaped into each other's
arms.

" A new state of things grew out of this confederacy. Thi
Orangeman was now a saint ; the clergyman was now an evan-
gelical ; and the war against the Catholic assumed the. double
aspect of a political and religious persecution. Immense
were the exertions of the allied powers, to perpetuate his ser-
vitude In this life, and effect his salvation in the next. The
same party laboured indefatigably to keep him a. slave, and
make him a Protestant. The churches rang with alternate in-
vectives against Emancipation and the SeveL Sacraments..
The saints of the Rotunda wore the colours of the lodges;
and the brethren of the, lodges adopted the cant of the Ro-
tunda. ' The Biblicals•tzlentified themselves with the Church..
men; and the Ceurchmen returned the compliment, by em-
bracing.lo, the extravagancies of the Biblicals. Then were
t•oached a thousand new projects of discord, and devices of
hypocrisy. Folly in the embraces of vice proved a fruitful
mother ; and speedily brought forth the New Reformation
Society, the Kildare-place Institution, and all the vagaries of
the Home Mission. Then went forth the whole army of
mountebanks and mischief-rnak?..rs, with all the equipage of
sectarian warfare, deceiving the simple, disturbing the quiet,
insulting the Papist, and making the name of Protestant al-
ternately ridiculous and odious. Then did the pious Peeress
nominate her moral agent;' then (lid holiness divide with
hyson -the attractions of the tea-table ; then did the prayer-
meeting grow into fashion, and the sale of polyglotts become a
distinct commercial speculation. Then did the clergyman ap-
pear in the Sunday-school, and the visage of the Tory lawyer
show itself where the missionaries wero gathered togethei.
A new race of parsons sprang up, half political leaders, half
fanatical fire-brands,--half demagogues, half divines—half
biblicals, half bravos,—now declaiming in the pulpit, now vo-
ciferant in the tavern,—eloquent to-day at Merchants-hall,
rhetorical to-morrow at the Magdalen,—now making the
house of prayer a den of thieves,' now turning the den of
thieves into the house of prayer,—spouting faction in the
churches, pouring !orth hymns and homilies in the clubs and
lodges,—alte':nately at their devotions and their diableries;'
celebrr.d.ing the feast of fools' at the Rotunda, or comme..
morating the anniversaries of party at the Mansion-house,
" Who has not heard of the Rotunda,' and its political and
pious revelries? Who has heard of Dublin, and has not also
heard of this temple of enthusiasm,--:the resort of fair ladies
and foolish lords, where they lay in, at no sliciht expense of
money, their annual stock of sanctified phre:scology and un-
charitable sentiment ; —the bigot's bazaar, and booth of the
sacred charlatan :—.the Vanity-Fair" of Protestantism ;
the exhibition-room of the holy Polichinellos ? Multitudi-
nous are its gambols in the month of April, when sanctity
opens her Almack's, the serious countess leads off the spiritual
ball with the man of missions, and there is a general gallopade
of the godly. Unless you have the sides of Democritus,
not up to the vernal gathering of the faithful. What is the
Grimaldi of the pantomime, to him of the platform ? Though
the coat be sable instead of motley, the extravaganza is only
the more extravagant. The, opening of the Rotunda is the
closing of all the minor theatres. Astley retires, with all his
feats and clowneries I What a jump was that, over fact and
probability? Munchausen never took such a flight in his
best days. One bounds over common-sense; another vaults
over all the laws of logic ; a third tumbles over the Old and
New Testament, plays at leap-frog with the prophets, and
knocks about the apostles like nine-pins. One takes his fling
at Juggernaut ; another at Confucius; a third at Mohammed ;
all agree in belabouring the Pope, and such merriment do
they make with his Holiness, kicking the triple crown from
one to the other like a foot-ball, that it is pity they have not
a Pontiff a-piece to worry and dilacerate,—
On the slain corpse contending bigots fall ;
Alas ! what's one poor pope among them all ?' "
Now for the Orangemen—
" The Orangeman have as many modes of annoying the
empire, as Alsop's fox had stratagems. They are seen now
as larded proprietors, exterminating their. Catholic tenants for
electioneering purposes ; now as magistrates, refusing to take
informations against some Lutheran rioter, or orthodox assas-
sin ; now in the capacity of clergymen,
' Grunting like hogs till they have got their grains;'
either militant, as in the time of Lord Stanley ; or litigant,
as at present, when they have fallen upon the evil days of
Lord Mulgrave, who denies them files of soldiers, and refers
them to the ties of the Exchequer. Now you see them as
sheriffs, packing juries from the lodges ; now as jurors, con-
victing against evidence ; now as judges, charging against the
law, and adjusting their sentence to gratify the spleen of party.
It is one and the same interest that peorles Carlow u ith mid-
night insurgents, strews the plain of Gurtene with 'victims,
and crowds the assembly-rooms, on both sides of the Channel,
with fashionable enthusiaste and blooming bigots. The same
mind actuates the whole body, whether homicidal in the rioter
of Enniskillen, predatory in the Alderman of Cashel, or xa-
gabond and vociferant in the person of Mr. O'Sullivan. The
'system wears as many colours as diversified Joseph's co:A—the
churchman's sable—the soldier's scarlet—the co-Torator's
orange—the policeman's green—the grand-master's purple.
To understand the sanctity of the present da.—to estimate
the Protestantism of Exeter Hall correctly—.-you must invesi-
tigate its friendships and alliances ; you must observe the in-
terests which it espouses, note the places where it abounds,
remark the causes which it abets, and tha deeds which it sanc-
tions. If you see it only discussing apocalyptic mysteries in
a Peeress's drawing-room, or comprAing twaddling paragraphs
upon the growth of Popery in the Record, you may be de-
ceived into the notion that it is merely a harmless fanaticism."

- -
The article on Professor Robinson's " View of the
German Universities" contains some hints which
might be turned to excellent account by the future
framers of Bills for the Reform of our English and
Scotch Universities.

Mrs. Austin's " Goethe and his Comtemporaries,”
and Abdy's " Journal in the United States," are cri-
ticisms of a high order----the first as regards intellect,
the second as relates to liberality of sentiment. Speak-
ing of slavery in the United States, and of Mr. Abdy's
able eXpOsUre of the hormrs of the system as carried
on by the Americans, the Reviewer says—" It is the
right of the civilized world to combine in placing
them (the Americans) in quarantine till they are less
discreditable to their ancestors- Will any Englishman
sit at meat with a nation that sell one another by
Weight ?" This alludes to a practice prevalent in the
slave-dealing States of disposing of the young slaves of
from three to eight years old by weight, so that the
heavier they are the more valuable arc they to the
Amarican man-sellers !

The article on Dissenting Charities and Endow-
ments" is an able and recondite exposition of the ques-
tion at issue between the Presbyterian and Protestant
bodies in England. By no class of religionists will it
be read without profit.

Lad"); Caroline Poulett and Lord W. Poulett are
on a visit to Lord Rokeby, at Melton Mowbray.
It is reported that when the Duke of Wellington
retired on Friday night from the Carlton Club, he declared
that be would not return to it; and we know that he imme-
dately set off for Strathfieldsaye, and that on Saturday his
domestic establishment left town for the same place. We
understand that his Grace said, that unless summoned by a call
of the House of Lords, it was not his intention to be in London
again before Jurie.-llforning Paper.
SINGULAR CIRCUMSTANCE.--One day last week,
the wife of a labourer in Macduff, on opening a cod fish, found
in its stomach a child's arm and hand, with the fingers and
nails perfectly observable. From all appearance the child's
death must have been recent, as dece,Mposition had not taken
place to any extent.—lnverness courier.
TH.E ALTERATION AT HOLBORN.—A meeting
has been held of the inhaUtant tradesmen, resident on Holborn
Hill, and its vicinitl%
in order to pass resolutions declaratory of
their determile:Cl opposition to the proposed plan of Messrs.
-
Burnard
public meetingl l5 i e
isill besed.
before an application is made to parlinnent.
We rejoice to announce that a Reform Club has
and Geary, which they deem not only absurd and ex-
Pep 'five, but likely to be fraught with ruinous consequences to"s
many of the old established inhabitants. A liberal subscrig.
tion was entered into for the purpose of advertising the rc.
so-
lutions in The Sun, Courier Globe, and thei other mewling
announcedand evenin,g
ipnaporedrser at
lti av't.ht hi cel;sutime
ct mapaub y
e duly
this day been commence', on the most comprehensive of prit-
cipies—opeo, in f2.tt, to all the Reformers of the United
Kingdom. A provisional committee of thirty-five gentlemosi
.and Members of both Houses of Parliament, has been most
honourably agreed on, to perfect its organization ; thelneanes
of the committee comprehend Liberals of all parts of the king-
dom, and of every shade. The Reformers are rer,olyed, by
cordial union- and counter organization, to defeat the efforts of
the Tories all over the
country to render the shrirter of 1832
a dead letter. This Central Union, if we mistake not, will be
found a match for the Carlton. We thank the Tories for their
example ; they have taught us, and they will find us apt scho-.
ars...-Spectator,

PRICES OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT JNE O'CLOCK.
Sank Stock "1•04 151 India 5t0ek......... ........... .... 25414 4
n per Cent. Red. 0144+1,, t51,:,1 Ditto Bcnds 3 prn.
3 per Cent C0n5....... 90% 190,,1 1 South Sea Stock .........
v 4 per C nt 100: Old Annnities
Ditto Bed. -
New 3t4 per Cent ... 99!;,%, 3 per Cent. Annuities, 1751...
New n per Cent — Exch. Bills, ..Cl,OOO 15 19 17 pm.
Bararl..ong Annuities to expire Ditto 500 l7 19 pm.
Jan c, 164) T67.4 Ditto Small
Oct. 10, 1550 ld 3-16, Ditto Commercial — Pm.
Jan 5. IS 90 l6 1.-16 Ditto Advertised — ton.
Jan 5, ISi.o' -
April 5, 1930
Jan. ~ 1570 —' Consols for Account ............ 90% 1
Omnium 41,,i pm

PRICES OE FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK
Austrian Bonds
Belgian Bonds — Peruvian Bonds ... ........
........
Ditto Account ... ....
...........
Ditto Account .
jgrazilian Bonds ... —! Ditto Account ..................
Ditto Account — Ditto New Bonds till
jluenos Ayres Bonds — Ditto Account 52 S t
Ditto Account — Ditto, 3 per cen.
Eh illian Bonds — Prussian Bonds _
I;itto Account — RUSSIII.II Bonds, 1821 —
Columbian Bonds .— Ditto Account
Ditto Account
Columbian Bonds, :92.4 ......... 3.2'4 t,
i r Spanish Bonds —
Dittn Account .................. I Ditto Account —
Danish Bonds ..................... 1'6% l 4 I Ditto Bonds, IS.I-1
Ditto Account .................. Ditto Account 4714
Creek Bonds ..... .t ......... . ...... French, 5 per cent. —4: —c.
Ditto Bonds, 1.525 ............. ' --- 4 per cent. —f. —c,
Ditto Account ... ......... ...... --- n per cent. —f. —c.
gi.xican Bonds, 5 per cent.... --- Exchange —f. -c.
Di;to Account ... ................ —_. Dutch, 9.1.4 per cent. !:474 5
Ditto. 6 per cent- ... ........ . Ditto Account
Ditto
Account......- — ! Ditto, 5 per cent. 103%1,4 y,
Dtt Ditto Account
Neapolitan... ........................ —I

:.-------
PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Paid. Per Share
righton Railway Company
Brightod: (Gibbs') Railway
London and Blackwall Railway 3 43
London and Dover Railway Company 1 1%
London and Gravesend Railway Company 1 INN
London and Birmingham Railway Company 5O 114
North Micl.land Railway Company
Canada Company' 2O 361
National Bank of Ireland lO 144

Arrived, Du'.
0 America 0
0 Brazil
0 Buenos Ayres 0
0 Carthagena 0
1 Dublin 0
0 Flanders ..... 0

MAILS.
Arrived. Due A rnved. Due
I France ...... ...... 0 (1 Lisbon 0
0 Guerra. &Jer;2y 0 0 Malta
0 Hamburg 1 0 Mexico 2
0 Holland
0 Jamaica
0 Leeward Islands 0 1 Waterford,...

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
31orning .21 minutes after 7. I Evening 54 minutes after 7

THEATRE ROYAL, DRURY-LANE.
THIS EVENINp will be performed Auber's Opera of
THE BRONZE HORSE.
Yang, Mr. Templeton; Tsing Sing, Mr. Gieubelei ; Tchin Liao,
Mr. Seguin; Yanko, Mr. Duruset.
Stella, Miss F. Healy; Lo Mangli, Miss Poole; Toajin, Miss H.
Cawse; Peki, Miss Shirreff.
After which, the new Grand Operatic Drama entitled
THE JEWESS.

Cardinal de Brogny, Mr. Warde; Prince Leopold, Mr Cooper; The
Grand Provost of Constance. Mr. Giubelei ; The Bishop of Constance,
Mr. Seguin ; Eleazar, Mr. VandenhofF.
Rachel, Miss E. Tree ; the Princess Eudocia, Miss Forele.
To conclude with—VOL-AU-VENT.

The Prlflcipal Characters by the Ravel Family, who will introduce
some of their Lost extraordinary Performances.
Stage Manager, Mr. Cooper—Acting Manager, Mr. Yates.
The Box -office is open daily, under the direction of Mr. Parsons, of
whom Private and Family Boxes, Stalls, and Places may be obtained.
Boxes, 7s. ; Second Price, as. 6d. —Pit, Sc. 6d. ; Second Price, 28.
Gallery, 2s. ; Second Price, ls.—Upper Gallery, Is. ; Second Price, 6d.

In Bvo., 4s. 6d. boards,
FNGLAND and RUSSIA, being a Fifth Edi-
tion, of ENGLAND, FRANCE, RUSSIA, and TUR-
KEY, revised and enlarged.
" The action of Russia on Turkey—the treaty of Adrianople, of
Unkiar Skellezi—the convention of St. Petersburgh, have been so
completely laid bare in England, France, Russia, and Turkey,'
that we need offer in; remark on the subject no attempt has been
made to controvert any of its positions ; no doubt seems even to re-
main as to their truth. essay is too succinct to admit of use-
ful citation ; it cannot be analyzed, because it is itself a condensed
analysis of an overwhelming subject. We must content ourselves
with urging it on our reader's attention."—British and Foreign
Review, No. I.
" The effect of this publication on opinion in England is perhaps
unparalleled. The question interests now, because rendered intel-
ligible."—Foreign Quarterly Review, No. XXX.
THE SULTAN MAHMOUD, and MEHEMET ALI
PACHA. By the Author of " England, France, Russia, and
Turkey." Third Edition, 2s.
James Ridgway and Sons, Piccadilly.
-- -

- HAMBURG, JAN. 19, 1836.
HREE DAYS of DRAWING being past, and
NEITHER the LARGEST, nor ANY OTHER of the
A ITAL PRIZES, except ONE, being DRAWN, TICKETS
of the SIXTY-SEVENTH HAMBURG GREAT LOTTERY,
Warranted Undrawn, are now Selling at 101., say 10/. sterling.
The next Day of Drawing will be the 24th February, and the
LARGEST CAPITAL PRIZE
of the Lottery, being a Grand Premium for the Ticket coming up
the first drawn Prize of Banco Mares One Thousand, will most
probably be drawn on that day. On further approach of the
LUCKY DAY, Tickets will rise considerably in price, but till the
12th February they will sell at 101. sterling. Direct without delay
to the Contractors,

HEINE BROTHERS, in Hamburg.

The publication of THE SUN NEWSIAPLR commenced this day
at 5 minutes past Three o' Clock.

LONDON,
TUESDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY 9, 1136.

Our readers will will perceive from our Parliamentary
report that a Committee has been appointed by the
House of Commons, on the motion of Lord JOHN
RUSSELL, to inquire into the state of agriculture.
Though we are thoroughly convinced that it is not in the
power of the Legislature to afford any relief to what is
called agricultural distress, we are glad that this ques-
tion has been taken up by the Government. The
agriculturists will not now say that their complaints
are disregarded and their interests neglected by
the Reforming Administration, and the investigation
which is about to take place will set the question at
rest, at least for some years to come.
In the sensible speech with which Lord JOHN
RUSSELL prefaced his motion, while the Noble Lord
admits that it is the duty of Parliament to endelYour
to devise some means of alleviating distress when com-
plaints are made by any class of the community, he
does not hold out to the landlords the least hope of
realizing any of those advantages from the enquiry,
with the prospect of which they have been buoying
themselves up. Against any tampering with the currency
he enters his solemn protest, as well as that of his col-
leagues. "As far as lam concerned," says he, " and as
far as his MAJESTY'S present Ministers are concerned,
no recommendation or decision in favour of tampering
with the currency would induce them to adopt or to
further a measure which they would consider neither
consistent with the public faith, nor conducive to the
public interest." This declaration of the sentiments of
the Government on so vital a point was received with
loud cheers by the House, and will, we are sure, give
unqualified satisfaction to the public—to all except a
few nostrum-mongers and their dupes, who, instead of
accommodating themselves to the altered state of the
times, have squandered their fortunes, and are now
looking up to heaven for a shower of old rags to pay
their debts with. The sources from which the landed
interest can reasonably expect anything in the shape of
relief are the diminution of local expenditure by a
better management of county rates—a more equal dis-
tribution of the land-tax—and the new Poor Law,
To the first and last of these the Noble Lord directs
the attention of the Agriculturists, and it is particu-
larly gratifying to learn from his statement, respecting
the working of the new Poor Law, that in instances
within his own knowledge it has already had
the effect of reducing the poor-rate in some cases
one-third, in others one-half. It is also worthy of
remark—and we would submit the curious fact to the
crWsideration of the Times—that in his statement of
the beneficial working of this much calumniated
Act, as well as in his general views on the agricultural
question, Lord JOHN RUSSELL is corroborated by
Sir ROBERT PEEL.
For the names of the Committee, which consists of
thirty-four members, we refer to the Parliamentary
Report.

Mr. Hum]: brought forward last night a very
,im-
portant motion respecting the lighthouses on the
coasts of England. The object atilt? Hon. Member s
ruction was,to have all the lighthouses in the
kingdom
,
put'under the, management of the Trinity House. It is
/:Well known, that at present great expense is entailed
, 1 upon the , shipaowners by the high duties levied on
eni,,by private persons invested
with the privilege
~
-,-:iiiiisaining light-houses, from which an immense re-
-4'

------- --,nf of this, he stated
venue is annually derived. In pr,
'4
-houses, only
that out of 240,0001., collected for ligm,
70,000/. was proved to have been requisite to ~Lfray
the necessary expenses, the surplus going into the
the pockets of private individuals. After a debate of
considerable interest, the Hon. Member obtained leave
to bring in a Bill to carry his object into effect.

Mr. O'CONNELL, we perceive, has given notice of
a motion on the subject of the Libel Law. We are
glad of this, for the question is one of those vexatious
and harassing ones which cannot be too soon set at
rest. As the law now stands, it is impossible for even
the most expert and practised intellect to say what is,
or is not, a libel. A man, with the best intentions in
the world, may be writing one every day in the week—
as Moliere's Bourgeois Gentilhomme talked poetry—
without knowing it. Even praise may be a libel, not
less than censure. Indeed according to Baron Bor.-
LAND'S dictum, libel is universal as the air we breathe.
It lurks in Quartetly Reviews ; in Monthly Maga-
zines ; in the daily and weekly stamped and un-
stamped Press ; treads the stage ; thunders from the
pulpit ; mingles among the waltzers at Altnack's, and
the politicians at the Coffee-house ; and even betrays
the cloven foot in fashionable Tales of Life, innocent
as these may be, of every other species of meaning.
Everything, in fact, is a libel, which a man,
who fancies himself aggrieved, may choose to consider
such. One may even look a libel—so absurdly vague is
the law on a subject, on which, more than in any other
case we know of, it should be explicit and intelligible.
,surely it is full time that such an anomaly should be
done away with I Ministers, too, should bear in mind
that they have neglected the question for at least four
years, though it was always a prime favourite with the
Whigs ; and that the least they can now do, is to put
the law upon such a distinct, rational footing, that
there can be no possibility of misinterpreting it. More-
over, they should bear in mind that the anomaly is so
ingeniously constituted, as to favour only the man of
damaged character. In nine cases out of ten, the
honest man scorns to avail himself of it. Though
there are many other public questions pressing for im-
mediate consideration, the law of libel is not the least
pressing among them ; for it does not concern an indi-
vidual, but the community.

Our readers will observe, by reference to a para-
graph in another column of The Sun, that " a Club
of the operatives in Hawick, to the number of five
hundred, has been formed for the purpose of taking in
a daily Newspaper (The Sun), during the ensuing
Session of Parliament." Our correspondent adds
that, " The Sun is to be read every day in the mar-
ket-place, to save time, the weather permitting, and
on favourable days and Sundays, in the large hall of
the subscription-rooms. The operatives used to assem-
ble in hundreds during last Session, and had
a Morning Paper handed to them from the reading-
room. They did not much like this, however, and
conceived it a duty to have a newspaper of their own."
We cannot but feel deeply gratified by the compliment
here paid by our Hawick readers to the enterprize and
exertions in the cause of rational reform, of The Sun.
We have always professed to be of the people, and to
advocate no interests incompatible with theirs. In
the strictest sense of the term we are independent. We
are shackled by no party fetters ; we are no Ministerial
sycophants ; we wear neither a Whig nor a Tory
livery ; have little influence at BitooKEs's, and still
less at WHITE'S ; but are the downright, unpurchase.
able, and we hope efficient, organ of the great body of
the people. It is our pride to belong to them ; to
have a fellow-feeling with them ; to rejoice as they
rejoice ; to lament as they lament. Let Ministers do
justice to the people, and we are Ministerial. Let
them refuse, and we are no longer among their sup-
porters. It is at best but sorry work—especially in times
like the present—to cater for the tastes of a party, be
it Whig, or be it Tory. We take up our position
on nobler ground. We fight the battles of the many,
not the few. What constitutes the wealth, and en-
terprize, and intelligence of Great Britain ? Not
surely the dandy waltzers at Almack's ; the pander-
ers to the prejudices of a Court ; the waiters on Pro-
vidence in the purlieus of Downing-street ; the
mitred head, or the coronetted brow ? No ; but the
people—the intelligent, hard-working, moral mass of
the community—who supply seamen for our navy,
and soldiers for our army ; whose names stand fore-
most in the annals of our national literature ; from
whom all our most valuable discoveries in science,
philosophy, and mechanics, have emanated ; who
furnished us with a SHAKSPEARE, a MILTON, a
NEWTON, and a BURNS ; and who are at once the
thews and sinews, the very life and soul of our national
greatness. It is to this great party we are wedded ;
and if we now afford Ministers what little support it
is in our power to bestow, it is merely because, by so
doing, we feel that we are helping forward the cause
of social improvement. On this principle, and no
other, have we ever warmly advocated the repeal of
the obnoxious stamp duty ; and did we need further
arguments to convince us of the absolute necessity of
such a repeal, we should find them in the striking
fact, that a body of sensible, well-intentioned Re-
formers are actually compelled to club together, in
order to defray the expenses of one Liberal daily
Journal ! Now, were the tax—which never should
have been imposed—on an essential commodity
like this, repealed, each Reformer would be enabled
to have a paper to himself ; and the spread of political
intelligence—invariably the best safe-guard for a na-
tion, there being no such fruitful source of crime and
discontent, as ignorance—would be multiplied tenfold.
While on this subject, we may observe that the new
silver four-penny pieces will be issued just in time to
suit the convenience of the purchasers of daily jour-
nals, the oppressive tax on which is on the eve of
being lightened.

The Second Message of the PRESIDENT of the
United States to Congress, on the highly important
subject of the relations between the Federal Govern-
ment and France, will be found in another part of
The Sun. This Message, and the copy of a letter
addressed by the Due DE BROGLIE to M. PAGEOT,
the French Charge d'Affaires at Washington, subse-
quent to the recal of M. SERRURIER, and intended
to be privately communicated to the Federal Govern-
ment, were read in the Senate and the House of Repre-
sentatives during the sitting of 18tli January. The letter
is little more than a long recapitulation of all the cir-
cumstances connected with the past explanations, on
both sides, with regard to the indemnity. It is dated
the 17th of June, 1835, and contains the suggestion
mentioned in the PRESIDENT'S Second Message, with
respect to the nature of the apology sought by France.
The PRESIDENT appears personally disposed to
drive matters to extremities. The language which he
eemploys in speaking of France, is even more offen-
sive than the phrases objected to in his Message to Con-
gress at the opening of the Session. " The House of
Representatives," observes the PRESIDENT, towards
the conclusion of this message "at the close of the
last Session of Congress, unanimously resolved tltlt
the treaty of the 4th of July, 1831, should be main-
tained,states andlt
st sodueurxeeoewtuont i ot
ihnnet
einsistedwelfare
a noupon
ioi
enboyhuutrin:letahnathat
race,
thisUnitedce ,
not less than
resolution ShOW4 At all hazards be adhered to. If,
after so signal an example as that given by the Ann- I

rwicitahn,
yperoapnleee, u , dofrin heir lo
fog trbearalnncge protractedunde raccu accumulated
difficulties
late
wrongs, and of generous confidence in her ultimate
return to justice, she shall now be permitted to with-
hold from us the tardy and imperfect indemnification,
which, after years of remonstrance and discussion, had
at length been solemnly agreed on by the treaty of
1831, and to set at nought the obligation it imposes,
the United States will not be the only sn&rers."
This is a language not to be mistaken both as re-
gard the conduct of France and the future efforts of the
federal Government. We regret the intemperate ardour
which led the PRESIDENT to charge France with
heaping an accumulation of wrong upon the people of
the United States. In the first place, the charge is
exceedingly rash, even were it correct ; and in the
next, we consider it positively untrue. Besides, Ame-
rica ought to be the last Power in the woild to apply
abusive epithets to France, even although some
grounds might be made out for applying them without
a violation of truth.

It will be seen by the Message, that the PRESI-
DENT recommends two measures to Congress decidedly
of a hostile nature—namely, a non-intervention act,
and speedy appropriations, or public grants of money
for increasing the Navy, and completing the Coast de-
fences. We believe these recommendations will be
rendered unnecessary by the intervention of Great
Britain.

Altogether we greatly disapprove of the haste with
which the PRESIDENT communicated this last Mes-
sage to Congress. He ought at least to have waited

to ascertain the sentiments of the French Government
upon receiving his last Message, before thus attempt-
ing to render the breach between the two Powers irre-
parable. The PRESIDENT lays great stress upon the
fact that France dictated the terms of the apology.
He forgot to state the manner in which France pro-
ceeded with such dictation. He does not dwell upon
the fact that the letter, stating the terms of the apo-

logy required by France from the PRESIDENT of the
United States, was addressed by the Duc de BROG••
LIE to the French Charge d'Affaires at Washington,
with instructions to read it to Mr. FORSYTH ; and if

the American Government pleased, to let a copy of it
be taken. The letter was so obviously not official
that M. PAGEOT declined to present it in the name
of his Government, and Mr. FORSYTH refused to
accept it on any other terms. Now it does appear to
us that, to make the contents of such a letter the
grounds of a formal act of intervention, as a prelimi-
nary to general hostilities, is to depart from the strict
line of international justice.

But the whole affair will end in smoke. There
will be no war. Such, at least, has been our con-
viction from the commencement. The part played
by the PRESIDENT, reminds us of an inimitable sketch
in one of poor Matthews' " Evenings at Home,"
where a chubby urchin entertains his Mamma and her
country cousins with a recitation of Lucius' Speech to
the Senate at Utica, from Addison's tragedy of
_Cato.
We shall never forget the shout of laughter that used
to follow the wheezing tone with which Matthews
commenced--" My voice is still for war !" The vene-
rable PRESIDENT'S fulminations against France are,
in the present state of the question, hardly less
ridiculous. 'When all are agreed that there no longer
exists a rational ground of quarrel, he recommends
hostilities, and that too without waiting to know
whether France will or will not agree to the terms
which he proposes. The good sense of the American
Congress will correct the rash precipitancy of Presi-
dent JACKSON.

We have received the whole of the Paris Journals
of Sunday. They are filled with conjectures on the
subject of the New Cabinet. Nothing positive is yet
known regarding the course which his Majesty the
King of the FRENCH may think proper to adopt. M.
DUPIN has been consulted ; but as the KING merely
asked him for advice, without requesting his services at
the Council-board of the new Cabinet, the wily PRE-
SIDENT of the Chamber contented himself with obser-
ving that there were many difficulties in the way of a per-
fect re-adjustment of the Members of the Government
—difficulties which could only be overcome by an exer-
cise of that profound wisdom and sagacity which cha-
racterized the Sovereign of the French. This was
saying nothing to the purpose, and so far, M. DUPIN
accomplished all that he intended to do in a business
which threatened to turn out vexatiously unprofitabie.
But though some days will be suffered to elapse during
which the KING will cajole the Opposition, by feigning a
great regard for the leaders of that body, we do not
entertain the smallest doubt of the return of the old
Cabinet to power. Two Members indeed may retire
and their places may be filled up by persons of liberal
opinions ; but all the rest will resume their Port-
feuilles, as if nothing had happened to disquiet
them. The KING knows that he could not col-
lect together a set of men more pliant, and who
at the same time could make themselves equally
useful in the way of acquiring a popularity for their
own acts. The intelligence of a Ministry, comprising
within it such men as MM. GUIZOT, THIERS, and
DE BROGLIE, cannot be questioned, however much
its integrity may become an object of suspicion. Be
sides, it would not be safe to compel such a man as
THIERS—a popular journalist, and an intriguer of no
mean pretensions—to join the opposition. He now
knows the secret springs of the Government, and could
at any time do much in the way of impeding them.
Our wish is, that he may be appointed to the head of
the Foreign department in the room of M. de BROG-
LIE—of whom, together with M. PERSIL, the
Council Table would be well rid. DE BROGLIE is
what PERSIL is not—a man of much information and
great natural ability ; but lie has no fixed principles,
and is the slave of the KING.

Authentic accounts from the North of Spai❑ will be
found in another column. The following are extracts
from the French Journals :

PARIS, FEB. 7.—Letters from Saragossa of the 30th ult,
say that the news of the dissolution of the COrtes had pro.
duced an excellent effect there.

These letters mention further successes obtained in Lower
Arragon over the Carlist bands, whom the Queen's troops in-
cessantly harass. Every day some of the rebels present them-
selves to the authorities of Arragon to solicit their pardon, and
as soon as the country shall be cleared of them, all the co-
lumns will go to Upper Arragon to make part of the army
which is to be formed in that province.
Three ships of the line, the Nestor, Ville de Marseille, and
Scipion, and the Iphigenie frigate at Toulon, have prepared
for an expedition. it is believed that the three ships of the
line will go to Oran, to take on board the troops of the expe-
dition to Tremexen, and bring them back to France ; and that
the Iphigenie will go to the Levant with an Admiral.
The Bonite corvette is ready to sail on its voyage round the
world.
The workmen in the naval arsenal are very actively em •
ployed. The seamen of the last levy continue to arrive, and
1,500 recruits have already arrived.
The Phare steam-boat, belonging to the division stationed
on the coasts of Spain, has come to Rochefort to re-victual,
and take on board cannon on the plan of General Paichans.
The Marquis of Dalmatia, son of Marshal 8 nit, Duke of
Dalmatia, has resigned his commission as Captain in the
Royal staff.
from 4 to 31 per
The re.
ducAtiolenttoefr
tfhreomintl3ereerslitnooffththeedeabotthofJoaunruacriytysays_,‘,
cent. may be considered as accomplished, the greater part of
the creditors having readily declared their assent to the new
financial measure."—Messager Feb. 7.

1 MR. LISTER'S " GRANBY."—We are OW tg see
"tiural. It will
this admirable novel brought thus early into MT. Colburn's
cheap series of the Modern Novelists, of which ft forms aiidliass-
jtuinstgluyioshbesedrvoerzam" ornament. tb.ein; Ibtolithasapt:reepeiariewsmn:efrinltia,fe
are
always be read with pleas4rg•
interest-
ing without being forced, and as 4 narrative 4 is /vete with
interest."

KING'S BENCH.-(THIS DAY.)

LIBEL-STOCKDALE V. TARTE AND OTHERS, PROPRIETORS OP

THE MORNING HERALD.
The plaintiff stated his own case. It was an action brought
by the once celebrated, always well known, but for nearly
twelve years the notorious publisher, John Joseph Stockdale,
for a foul, malicious, and unprovoked libel, against John
Tarte and others, proprietors of the Morning Herald
newspaper. To that action the defendants had pleaded—first,
not guilty ; secondly, that Counsel had on the trial of the
King v. Montprivet and others, called the attention of the
Court to the letter complained of ; and thirdly, they had
pleaded justification. The damages were laid at 20,0001.,
aid large as the sum might appear, he felt perfectly convinced
that a more extravagantly outrageous case of injury had never
been inflicted upon any persecuted individual, and that he was
entitled to very ample damages. He regretted that dire ne-
cessity rendered him his own pleader, for it was painful and
disgusting to any generous mind to stand forward, not alone
as its own advocate, but the trumpeter of its own personal
fame. That, however, rested on the heads of the defendants,
who had forced him into that position. The poisoned chalice
had been raised to his lips, and he was compelled, in the vin-
dication of his public and private wrongs, to drain it to the
dregs, and to shew the Jury
" What charms, what conjurations, and what mighty magic
lle was charged withal."
He appeared before them as a pauper, and it would be the
duty of the jury to say, firstly, whether the plaintiff was a
devil, or something more, or an angel of light, and some-
thing less. Secondly, whether his talents and conduct were
such as entitled him to ample damages to the extent claimed;
and, lastly, whether these damages should be fixed upon the
proprietors of the Conservative Morning Herald newspaper.
He complained of that paper for having kept alive an artfully
excited prejudice which had ruined one of the finest moral
families that this, or any other empire, could boast; and he
had now in court documentary, and other evidence, to prove that
he had "ministered to the mind diseased," clothed the naked, fed
the hungry, nor sent the rich empty away. His family had been
ruined, and his little ones left without food by the artfully excited
and malignant prejudices of the professedly independent and im-
partial Morning Herald newspaper without the slightest cause ;
but, as he (Mr. Stockdale) believed, because the paper was sold
to a certain political party. His family had been the benefactors
of the State from the great Mr. Pitt, down to the small Chan-
cellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Spring Rice.—( A laugh.) The
public, however, received their information only from the daily
Journals, and if they were to be believed the plaintiff could only
be known as one whose breath was poisonous as that of the
Upas tree, whose eye possessed the fatal lightning of the fabled
basilisk, whose clothes, like Dejenira's cloak, polluted all they
touched, and whose feet and hands were like the claws of the
Hyrcanian tiger.—( Much laughter.) Why was this ? Be-
cause it was necessary that the plaintiff should be crushed, and
foremost in that work of malignity and devastation were
the proprietors of the Morning Herald. They seemed
to have had that disposition by entail, succession,
descent, and marriage, for during twenty years it
had been at its dirty work of persecuting the plaintiff,
and all remonstrances for a contradiction of its calumnies were
unattended to. As had well been observed by a Learned
Gentleman in a late prosecution against the Times newspaper,
" A man may recover his losses or disasters in trade, but let a
newspaper attack him—let it but breathe one sentiment against
the sufferer—and he is lost for ever."

-
"(4
• -
- • •

",(/40,V _='")l."4l-)V+
