want of such a register. Mr. W mits's mo-
tion was agreed to.

It is, we understand, quite true that Mr.
EDWARD ELLICE has been offered the post of
Secretary-at-War, but it does not appear that
he has signified his intention of accepting it.
For some time past, Mr. ELLICE has been in-
cessantly teased to resume office, and many per-
sons imagine that it was with the view of getting
rid of these importunities that he determined on
proceeding to Canada, where he has extensive
property. He was at the Treasury this morn-
ing, probably on this affair, and we have no
doubt that every effort will be made by Earl
GREY to induce Mr. ELLICE to alter his deter-
mination of proceeding to Canada.

The West-India interest are in high spirits at
the change which is about to take place at the
Colonial-office, it being thought by them, with
how much reason we pretend not to guess, that
Mr. STANLEY is more favourable to them than
Lord GODERICH. There is very little pros-
pect, however, of their being allowed to effect
more with Mr. STANLEY than with his prede-
cessor, as the Abolitionists are gaining strength
hourly. Within the last two days, a circular
has been sent to all the Wesleyan societies in
England, from whom petitions against negr o
slavery will be received within a short period.

The French papers o---t
‘v eunesday contain a
list, circulated i❑ Paris, of the new Ministry,
generally spoken of, but not yet confirmed. The
Journal du Commerce lays great stress, and
justly, on the necessity of curbing the ambitious
intentions of Russia with respect to Turkey.
The recognition of Egypt as an independent
state is considered to be as necessary to the in-
terest of Europe generally, as it is indispensable
to the safety of the Turkish empire. NN e
are almost of the same opinion, for the
SULTAN will find the army of Egypt more
serviceable as an auxiliary than as a foe. Be-
sides, the only way for the SULTAN to cope with
Russia is to insure unanimity among his own
satraps, who are now in a state of rebellion.
Don CARLOS, his family, and the Princess of
BEIRA, left Madrid on the 16th inst. for Lisbon.

It appears, by authentic accounts from Vienna,
that the Russian Government has given orders
for the suspension of the decree of banishment
agaigst the Polish families who had fallen under
the displeasure of the autocrat. This suspen-
sion is not attributed to the remonstrances of
the British and French Cabinets, but to the
universal cry of indignation which prevails
throughout Germany.
