BUXTON RACES.

WEDNESDAY.—A Gold Cup, given by his Grace the Duke
of Devonshire, added to a Handicap Sweepstakes of 15
Boys. each. Two miles and a distance. The owner of
the second horse to save his stake.
Mr. Beardsworth's Halston
Mr. Palm's br. g. Pluralist
,11 Ie; 00000
Mr. T. Stanley's Lady Constance
Mr. Gifflird's Sampson .. 4
Mr. J. Morris's Zulima
5

All the horses went well off together at a smart pace,
Sampson levling, followed by Pluralist, Zulitna,
and Const ince. In those places they ran the first
mile; but in going down the hill on the off side of the
course; in the second round, Pluralist headed Sampson,
aod he remained there until the turn near Fairfield Church,
when the horses all closed, and Ralston soon took the lead
of him. Here Darling drew upon his horse, and passed
the Pluralist, winning the race cleverly .y t length._
Betting 5 to 4 agst. Halston,

Produce Stakes 42.5 soya. saoh, One mile and a distance.
Lord Grosvenor% hr. t: Holiday Walked over
A Hunter's Stakes of 10 sous each, p.p. for horses, &c.,
not thorough bred. Two miles.
Mr. Griffith's br. m. Gazelle
Mr. Hobson's hr. g. Post Captain
Mr. Brooke's br. m. Fanny Kemble, by Filho
Mr. Jones's br. h. Tommy Tickler
Gazelle took the lead, followed by Post Captain, Tickler,
and Fanny Kemble, without a single ch tnge taking place
until they cone to the distance in the second time round.
Here Fanny healed Tommy, but Gazelle kept her places
and won the Stakes cleverly.

OXFORD RACE.ti:, _.,4e0. 2.
The Oxfordshire Stakes of 2A nova. each, 15 ft. and only
five sous. if declared to Mr. Weatherby, London, or Mr.
Venable', qxforil, on or before the 10th of July. The
weights to be fixed by the 26th of June. Two Miles.
Mr. Ashurst names Dr, Faustus aged
Mr. 1. Day's Liston aged
Mr, Langston niimes Goahawk aged ,
:gr. Sadiees Device 5 yrs
•
Mr. Bayley names Lady Emily 5
Mr. Strickland, jun. names Anna
Mr. J. Fane names Honest Hobin
~..... „„5
:-.).
Mr. Goodlake's Geoflley Crayon . , „..... , 5
Lord Norreys names Fantecns.i. •• 5
Lord Macclesfield names harlot 4
Lord Abingdon naiites eh c. by Reveller 4
Mr. J. W. Fane names Confederacy t
I.tr: D. C. Webb names Zucharelli ,A
Mr. Hamilton names Jenny Vertpre i.
Mr. Stonor names Thorngrove.... „..., ..... . , 1
Sir L. Glynn's 8ryan.,,,...-„.„
Mr. Peyton tian-ie.s PP:s4Fii. 4
Lord Vill.,ers. ir.ltt,e4 nonwani 4
Mr. Wcyllnul nainesSi:lab 4
Tilr, Alondy's Bivouac 4
Mr, Ilarcourt names Unfortunate Youth
Mr. I'ryse's ch. c. by Duplicate
,
Mr. Thornhill's Africanus
Mr. Hughes names Gab, by Sy:v, ..:3"
Sir G. Dashwood names cii. c. by 'Mtt7ey ..... ...A.
4,Lord illountehar! e. asu i', cpber, Ihtkk dtel 140 C name.

TAE Clior,EAA Monsus.—The Govern-
ment have west properly extended their regulations to this
!country, fearful of the introduction of this dreadful scourge
of human nature. An Order in Council has bpo, issued,
directing that all vessels, arriving in cseAk harhour from
Russian ports shall !fortlTStlk kr,;,ceed to Wiltind, and
there perform stt;i_ (4trayittp,hine, Vessels from Prussia
and the 1-19.154 c. towns a're &ea subject to quarantinet-- CO4 Constitution.
! LIVERPOOL ELECTION.-41 certaiii
that Mr. RIGBY WASEN 4.31c;11.41ed, to oppose the
issuing of a new ty:i4'o. kiyerroZ, which will he rendered
necessary by the reslgnation 61 Mr, DEN/SON. lie has
given each 4f the ean4idatea notice of his intention to
bring the November c 3 etiou once more before Parliament,
and to ov,Fae the Issuing of the writ. We have no itkka
that he will succeed in his object, though, if tho last elec-
tion had been less pure, he doubtless wc,ple.i. The enemies
of Mr. TIIORNLEY and the fripmis of General GASCOYNH
have coalesced to kez-;.re the return of Lord SANDON.
Those who Lave never acted together before are now
labouaimg in the same cause. The moment thc,name of
Lord SANDON was mentioned, the GaN!Rl,;eilea came for-
ward to support him, and 71e4ders of that part)
have now taken to hid, wise as warmly as if he was
in every cui-of themselves. Whether the Tories
'u; port' his Lordship because they think him more likely
to answer their ends than Mr. THORNELY...-WiletilTr thel
suspect that he is less of a Reformer +Ost' that gentleman,
or whether they do it for the sake of revenging themselves
on tho'e by w cr.. they were so signally drfeweil at ti
last election, we know not.—.4ire4ool rin'es•

k SSA ULT AND ATTEMPT AT MURDER.

As Mr. J. B. HENSON, auctioneer, of Market Det,p-
fig, and our messenger to that place, was, on Friday
norning last, returning from Stamford with our papers for
hat town, when he had reached the first milestone nu
he Deeping road, be was accosted by an Irishman.
•` Master, am lin the right road for Thorney ?.' To this
TIENSON answered in the affirmative. No further 'cower-
-160n was entered into, except a casual remarl; by He
;ON upon the fineness of the nt,rninz, it I-eing then Motet
four o'clock, and the sun 'shining br4tCy, to which the
other assented. They walk,d on in silence until they
reached the foot-path between Uffinvon and Stamforn,
when the Irishman suddenly struck HENSON a violent blow
in the back of his head, which brought him to the ground.
uul for the moment stunned him. On recovering his
enses, HENSON endeavoured to regain his standing, When
the other fell upon him with the most brutal violence, kick -
ing and beating him in an unmerciful manner, at the same
lute swearing he would "do for him." lIENsoN, justly
ippreLending murder, begged the ruffian, it money was
bis object, to take all he had absut but to sNre his
life. - This appeal had no effect upon the wretch, who still
zontinued to trample upon his victim, who was already
covered with blood from the wounds he had received ; and
had it not been for the timely arrival of a servant of Mr.
GREENWOOD, of Uffington, de ith would in all prohahlity
shortly have ensued. The villain, pt reeiv;n4 that succour
arrived, made off with the utmost speed, and though
immediately pursued, we regret to st tte that he still remains
at large, nor has he since been heard of. Poor lIENsoN,
though sadly bruised, and faint from the loss of blood,
continued his way to Market D epine, which he reached
without further molestation.—Stamford Bee.

Should Prince LEOPOLD eventually accept
the Crown of Belgium, which is exceeding!), probable,
notwithstanding present appearances, his Royal Highness
will, it is said, relingu.sh his pension of bO,OOOl. per
annum, settled upon him by Parliament, on his marriage
with the Princess CHARLOTTE of Wales. There are
other emoluments to a considerable amount derived by the
Prince from various sources, which in that event woat
Likewise lie saved to the country.— OW t Journal. . •

The Court Journal of this day (June 11.)
contains—Prince LEOPOLD and the Throne of Belgium_
Death and Memoir of Mrs. SIDDONS—The KING and
Earl Gaily—Political Dinner at Prince LIEYEN'S—
Bazaar for the Relief of the Irish—Hampton. Races—
Court and Fashion:llde Movements of the Week—Paris
Chit Chat—University Intelligence, &c. &e. Published
fur HENRY COLBUAN by W. THOMAS, at the Office,
19, Catherine street, Strand, and supplied by all Book-
sellers and Newsmen postage free.

Lord BROUGII ANT yesterday walked from the
Court of Chancery, arm•in-arm with two fiends, as un-
ceremoniously and unostentateously as when he was a
member at the Bar and of the Lower House. Previous
Lord Chancel'ors have always left the Court in great state,
altetaal by the Mace-bearer•, Secretary, &r.—the Chan-
cellor afterwards proceeding in his carriage, attended by
the slid officers to his home. Ilia Lordship disentangles
himself front many of these time-consuming ceremonies.
Curious enough, as Lori B. was thus quitting West-
minster Hall, gaily conversing with his company, as if he
were unoccupied w;th business, and the most disengaged
man in town, they came in contact with the Ex-Speaker,
Mr. MANNERS SUTTJN, who was ann. in-arm with the
At chbis' op of CANTERBURY. The Presidents of the two
Houses made obeisances and passed Advert,

msco
MUNSTER I'EERAGE.-A statement )tax
gone the round of the public prints, that the late eleva-
tion of Colonel FITZCLA RENCE to the Earldom of Altin-
ster, as a Peer of the United Kingdom, " sets at rest"
tlosnh
o Earldomf
the
case.
of
i,.
His MAJESTY was created a Peer of Ireland in 1789,
the question mooted as to the effect his MAJFs-er's acces-
jounn
st tot
rt.h e
,throneis i s
amas}t,
ra lngiavee "
i hlite s Ipi
with remainder to his ma'e issue, Now the question is,
whether the merging of th.et Irish Earldom in the Crown
constitutes an extinction ta not? In the case of an Eng-
lish Peerage the point is immaterial ; but every extinct
Irish Peerage floes so far to justify a new creation—three
extinctions being requisite to be inserted in every fresh
patent to legalise the grant. The framer of the statement
seems to suppose his MAJESTY has transferred his meta
Irish Peerage of 1189 to his son (this could only he
done by Act of Parliament, as in the ease of the Marl-
borough Dukedom): whereas Colonel FirzcLAßENcE's
Peerage is a new grant of a dignity of the United King-
Idom. Even an Act of Parliament might be deemed in-
' sufficient for extending the limitations of an Irish Peerage,
as it would manifestly be an infringement of the articles of
the Union.— Court Joxrnal.

Some of our eotemporaries are carrying on a
contest respecting a sermon, preached by what we may at
!oast call an indiscreet minister of the gospel, at St.
Clement Danes. We never spoke ourselves ors this sub-
ject, because we thought it better passed sub silentio, and
we now think it better that it were dropped. The friends
of the parties who must be the most painfully affected on
tk© occasion, carry the matter much too far, and much
farther than the public is disposed to go with them, in
claiming, under any circumstances, the rights of legitimacy
for children born nut of wedlock. Indulgence is tine to
the pecOiar situation of Princes, but they must take the
biter sling with the sweet of their exalted station.
Nothing ought to be done, or said, by which reverence f,ic
the sacred rite of marriage can be in any degree impaired.
—Times.

LORA POLLINOTON, NT.P.—Saturday last
being the day no which this promising young Nobleman
&ttained his majority, the event was celebrated by suitable
festivities. The tenantry of the Earl of MEXBOROUGH,.
the Noble Lord's father, dined together at Methley, Poi-
Ungton, and Chaptltown, and the other places where his
Lordship's estates are situate. About seventy gentlemen
sit down to a sumptuous entertainment at Methley Hal/.,
under the presidency of the Rev. T. D. LUME, (11 SWil-
/ington.—Leeds Intelligencer._ [We believe the election,
of Lord POLLINGTON for Gatton, before he had obtained
his majority, will render it invalid. When the present
Lord CASTLEREAGH, at the general election in 1826, was
elected for Downshire, a third candidate, a friend of the
Noble Ltor-d, was nominally contestiag the county until
the day on which Lord CAsrLrws.Acki attained his ma-
jority, when he resignd, ansi the Noble Lord was elected
the very day he was al age.l

A correspondent, upon whom we can si;fely
rely, informs us that the other day Lord HOTHAM, 'having
called upon Mr. BKAYEN, his Lordship's sueessolul op-
ponent at L'ominster, a.nti now Member for that borough,
found the Hon. Gentlaman in one of those smock-froc!:
dresses worn by tallow-chandlers when professionally
occupied, actually engaged in the arthious duty of dip-
F.lag t and another friend assures us, that since the Hoer.
Gentleman's return he has aetaatty carried round a basket
of candles to his (motormen as usual.—Leeds Intelligencer.
There was lately horn, in the department ot
Oise, a cli;l4 with only one eye, like POLYPIIEMUA. This
;:iroinstanee gives great unusiness to the Academy cit'
Sciences, who talk much akut the pile:ion:mon. Ruc
these wise men have nu observed one much more singular
to be seen in Paria,-namely, a set of men called 111.niitu-g,
who have eatzl two eyes wide open, and yet do not see a

HORSX DEA LERs.—A celebrated dealer .iive(l
•
:in Oxford-street some few years ago, who, aw-„te of the
d:ffioulties attached to his trade in the way of character,
did not profess to be master of area corr,,o:in honesty, and
in reply to any inquiry thht might b'; made as to his place
of business, &c., he used to say—" Oh, I liites its
Hoxford-streo'x ask any hod; in it where the greatest
regue and they will sure to send you to ine."—!
Neiv Sporting Magazito.for June.
r EXTRAORDINARY ARREST.—Yestera ty a
pPrson of the name of GEORGE BATHURST SYMES, who
had been suhpcanaed to give evidence at the Insolvent
Court before. Mr. DANCE, in the matter of GEORGE
WENTFORT4 while waiting to be examined, was arrested
on a King's Bench writ. Mr. Corms complained to the
Court of the conduct of the officer who had made tlor
caption, and after some inquiry, the Court decided that
SYNIES was protected by his subpoena, and told the offic,r
to detain SYmEt., at his peril. He was permitted to go,
and was taxised to make the best of his way home, to
avo:d r. reception, as he might be watched.
Puc sm.—Th e fight for 50/. aside he-
•ween HARRY JCINE:f. (the Sailor Boy) anti D..ttex HILL
(the Nottingham, chAttivion) came off on Tues:jay
Bigthorpe Oratios, ahout nine miles fro.m, Manstiebi.
The Sailor Boy (who was habited in a (tell sailor's cress)
'oak the lead at the commerxernwse, and, with Oreexeep-
-ion of one or two slight chiles, kept it to bk.e-end, of the 1,
tight, which lasted one. cur and.fifty-threeßainuti-eFel}‘Z_
eying sixty-eigitt Zounds, whet): the _Zialtioifba7.74.ll=;;; 1?!..
was compc.lied to " knock 141;ex•"`44614,Z, u0,4;',0,1,*, •
Ipan by young Dutch' SAiss and
it tended by PRTE.I% _
Eyed FOG°, Deaf Dem", an'', .7"
:I::reefeear eyi
enaniuli
esamtbi :kre4,rsoceofinnfic. lAer:s.l.l.auv'emat
etkt: e:nle.oaovi:Cot :I
117? -

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURN
gig

We have to notice the sale of his late Majesty's
coronation robes on Thursday. The account will
painfully affect many. We hope this may be the
last exhibition of the unfeeling e:tttavagance of the
feign of George IV. At the time when he went
through the operose ceremony of sustaining the ma-s
of finery, the hand of death was upon him ; the
steds of a mortal disorder were inherent in his then
tottering frame:—
" Hairet lateri lethalia artnelo."
It is inconceivable for how little the " things" sold.
Mr. Philips, the auctioneer, should have clothed
himself in them, and sold the whole in one lot. The
celebrated costly Highland costume, which his Ma-
jesty wore at the breakfast of OA Duke of Roc-
clench, in 1822, was knocked down for 40/. Was
this the entertainment at which the late Sir William
Curtis gave such offence to his Majesty, by contest-
ing with him the prize of grace and beauty in a cos-
tume similar ?—Tinges.
We are assured by a most respectable corre-
spondent, who has long been an intimate friend of
Mr. Macauley, the gentleman alluded to in a letter
signed " A Lover of Justice," in the Chronicle of
yesterday, that Mr. M. has not any controul over
the Christian Observer ; that he has long since dis-
posed of that publication to another person ; and
that, as to the paragraph to which we objected, it is
impossible that he should have had any connection
with it, as he has for several weeks been in a very
bad state of health, having been confined to his bed
with a very dangerous illness, and, on his beginning
to revive about four weeks ago, having lost his wife,
an event which entirely unfitted him for exertion of
any kind. We stated it as our belief, that it was
impossible the infamous passage could have been
sanctioned by the respected individual, who, in an
infirm state of health, has, we regret to find, been
visited with so heavy a domestic calamity. We
should be sorry to think that the unfounded impu-
tation of our correspondent has in any manner re-
tarded the recovery, or added to his distress.—
Morning Chronicle.
The destruction of human life, in the recent dis-
turbances at Merthyr, in Wales, calls for the most
searching investigation, and we hope it will be in-
quired into in the ensuing Parliament. The ac-
counts differ as to the extent of the carnage, but
the most recent statement makes the loss of life by
the fire of the military to amount to twenty-one
killed, and seventy or eighty severely wounded ;
but it is probable the whole of the mischief will
not be ascettained for some time, as it is likely the
tidies of seeml of the sufferers were carried off by
their comrades. Some of the soldiers were wounded,
but not one killed, and it is said they are now
newly recovered, so that their wounds must have
been but slight. The firing took place from the
windows of the Castle inn, where 100 Highlanders
of the 93(1 regiment were posted, each window
being occupied by three soldiers. It is stated that
the tiring did not commence until the population at-
tempted to disarm the soldiers placed as a guard at
the inn-door. A person who, in the character of an
eye-witness, has communicated an account of the
dreadful transaction to the Bristol Mercury, says,
" I am only surprised that so few appear to have
marred from the constant volleys that were fired
from eve)), wiritiox. One man advanced et a
time, and took deliberate aim—then the se-
cond and third—and, by the time the third
had discharged his musket, the first was ready to
take his place. The dead bodies were conveyed
to the stables; some of them had scarcely parted
with the last quivering remains of existence." The
writer from whose account we have extracted the
above passage makes no mention of the Riot Act
having been previously read ; but other "accounts
state that the Riot Act was read before the mob at-
tempted to seize the soldiers' arms, and we presume
it was so; but, tinder whatever ceremonies of the
law this act of military execution took place, it de-
mands the most serious inquiry by the representa-
tives of the people. The soldiers, no doubt, acted
strictly according to orders, and such orders, if
proved, would be their justification at the bar of a
Court of Justice, or before the Coroner holding an
inquisition of blood. But, the less culpability ate
taches to the soldiers or their officers, the more evi-
dent is the necessity of a legislative inquiry into the
eauees which produced the disturbances, and ren-
dered such orders necessary. There must be
something radically wrong in a state of society
whete people become so reckless of life as the iron-
men of Merthyr appear to have been, who, without
any means of aermualy annoying one hundred sol-
diers advantageintsly posted, provoked them to fire,
and to continue firing in the manner described by
the writer of the Bristol paper until nearly one
hundred of their tumultuous mass had fallen
either killed or severely wounded. Was this
the mere wantonness of riotous temper, or the
dreadful frenzy of despair ? The causes should
he ascertained, that the recurrence of the
evil may be prevented. Low wages, tho op-
pressive tally system, and the popular hatred
borne to the Court of Requests, have been assigned
as the causes. That the first attack of popular fury
was directed against the Court of Requests is quite
certain. The books and papers of that Court were
taken, and publicly burnt with the furniture, so that
it must have fulleti into great odium. It is right
that it should be ascertained whether that odium
was deserved or sot. As to the tally system, we
do not wonder at the workmen being impoverished
and discontented wherever it exists. As to wages,
they are but too generally the subject of complaint
throughout England, both in agriculture arid menu?
factures. The other grievances must be cured by
the Legislature, but this can only be remedied by
the good sense and good feeling of the employes
themselves, who ought to consider it their interest
to promote, by liberality and kindness, the ampler
sind welfare of their workmen ; for a population
who enjoy comfort are riot easily put out of humour
with their employers or the Government; while
those who are kept in a state of wretchedness and
want are always prone to turbulence, and covetous
of any change, with the hope that it may better
their condition. But when things come to that
state that the King's subjects are put to death by
the King's troops, though it be in self-defence, it
becomes the imperative duty of the Great Council
of the nation to in quite into the causes of such Lute
natural watfare, and prevent, by wise precautions,
the repetition of those appalling scenes of civil
slaughter.—Morning Herald.
The new Parliament will certainly assetedsla Pi)
Tuesday next. After the swearing in of such mete.
bets of the House of Commons as may be in atten-
dance, before the Lord Steward, the House will
proceed to the election of a Speaker, whet it is un-
derstood that the Right Hon. Charles Manseers
Sutton will be chosen without opposition. No
other business can be transactad that day, as his
Majesty's approbation of the vote of the House in
this respect is an indispensible preliminary :9 any
other proceeding. The royal sanction will be formaity !
when announcedt inthe House of Lords on Wednesday,
Speakersummoned by
and the other members will be
by the Gentleman Usher of the B lescls
Rod to the bar of the House of Peers to hear his 1
Majesty's communi on. -
c The Speaker, on his Le.
turn, will proceed toati
already taken the „qred oath re-swear
such
members
as
I'2"
before the Lord'
Steward, and administer theasialr
be
etoall others in
set teridance. This ceremony will
andonMonday,
continued on
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday ;
the 20th, the King will go in state to the House of
daY'
Lords formally to open the business of the session by
a speech from the throne. On the following d:ir it
is expected the revolutionary measure will be an-1
nounced for speedy discussione--eal then will come
the great and fearful day, big with the tat of Eng-
land's Constitution, ueal of all that is held iseqat
dear and sacred by every true British lieart.-,.
Morning Post.
We have been much amused by a speech to Mr.
M. T. Sadler. at meeting in Leeds on Wednesday
Last, for the. formation of " Leeds True Blue
CensllLutioncil Aasosiation--thet is, a .tocieti fo,

resisting all attempts to remedy the abuses in the
Constitution, and for the continuance of corruption
in Church and State—of the proceedings at which
meeting an ample report is given in the Leeds
Inielligeneer. Mr. Sadler, with a view to cheer the
Tories in their present disconsolate state, observes—
" Their enemies hail conceived that the great points in
dispute were eternally settled by the result of the last elec-
tion. If our ancestors had thought that those points could
have been settled by the result of an election, the principle
7hich the meeting intended to defend might not.have been
in existence. They recollected that above a century ago
the Crown was besieged, as it had lately been, to dissolve
the Parliament ; the Parliament was dissolved, and only
ten county Members were returned of those who adopted
the principles which they (the meeting) supported. Oa
that occasion Cambridge rejected, its Newton, and West-
minster rejected its Boyle ; the most enlightened men were
insulted and discarded. Burnet hail recorded the excite-
ment which prevailed ; but he (Mr. S.) need not remind
them that a calm soon succeeded, and that it was to the
union then formed by the patriotic party that the friends
of the Constitution now owed all that they possessed.—
(Cheers.) On the present occasion they would excuse
him for observing, that they were rich in principles—nor
were they bankrupt in means. He referred with pride
and gratification to the result of the elections at those semi-
naries of sound learning and nurseries of religion—the
Universities. All the Universities of the United King-
dom had repudiated the projected changes, not by doubtful
majorities, but by overwhelming numbers."
There is a river in Macedon, and there is a river
in Wales ; and there was a general erection in 1710,
as there has been a general election in 1831 ; but in
everything else Macedon and Wales are not more
unlike than the two periods. In 1710, the corrupt
High Church Clergy, who have always been opposed
to all improvement, and leagued with all oppressors,
played into the hands of the Tories, who gained
greatly at the election. The Clergy threw out
Newton from Cambridge in 1710, because he was
an honest man, as they would have thrown him out
in 1831. In 1831, the Whigs and Reformers
have gained in the elections ; and as they have an
honest purpose in view, the Clergy were, as usual,
opposed to them in 1831, as they were opposed to
the Whigs in 1710. As Mr. Sadler has had the
want of tact to refer to Burnet, we shall here notice
the account which Burnet gives of the predecessors
of the Leeds True Blue Association. After the
Whig, Ministers had been dismissed, and a dissolu-
tion of the Parliament had been resolved on, lie ob-
serves—" In the mean while Sacheverel, being pre-
sented to a benefice in North Wales, went down to
take possession of it ; as he passed through the
counties, both going and coming, he was received
and followed by such numbers, and entertained with
such magnificence, that our Princes, in their pro-
gresses, have not been more run after than he was.
Great fury and violence appeared on many occasions,
though care was taken to give his followers no sort of
provocation. He was looked on as the Champion of the
Church; and he showed as much insolence on that
occasion as his party did folly. No notice was
taken by the Government of all these riots ; they
were rather favoured and encouraged than checker:.
The next, and, indeed, the greatest
care of the New Ministry was the managing the
elections to Parliament. Unheard-of methods were
used to secure them in London, and in all the parts
of England, but more remarkably in the great cities ;
there was a vast concourse of rude multitudes
brought together, who behaved themselves in so
boisterous a manner that it was not safe, and, in
many places, not possible for those who had a right
to vote to come and give their votes for a Whig.
Open violence was used in several parts; this was
so general through the whole kingdom, all at the
same time, that it was visible the thing had been for
some time concerted, and the proper methods and
tools had been prepared for it. The Clergy had a
great share in this ; for, besides a course for some
months of inflaming sermons, they went about from
house to house pressing their people to show, on
this great occasion, their zeal for the Church, and
now or never to save it. They also told them in
what ill hands the Queen had been kept, as in cap-
tivity, and that it was a charity as well as their duty
to free her from the power the late Ministry exer-
cised over her. While the poll was taken in London,
a new commission for the Lieutenancy of the city was
sent in, by which a great change was made; Tories
wt re put its and Whigs were left out; in a word, the
practice and violence used sow in elections went far
beyond anything that I had ever known in Eng-
land; and by such means, above three parts in four
of the Members returned to Parliament may, at any
time, be packed." No man was more alive than
Burnet to the very abuses in Parliament which Mr.
Sadler and the Clergy wish to continue, " As long
(he says) as elections are set to sale, so long we are
under a disease in our vitals, that if it be not reme-
died in time must ruin us at last, and end in a
change of Governmen,, and what that may be, God
only knows." Too long have Mr. Sadler and his
party succeeded in staving off the Reform, which
now excites so much indignation among them; too
long were the populace in England, then blind tools,
ready, at the instigation of the Clergy, to pull down
meeting-houses, to assail liberal and enlightened
men, noxious to instruct and enlighten the people,
and to enable them to watch over their own lute-
re•ts. With what pertinacity did they not always
labour to retain the lower orders in ignorance !
What obloquy did they not erg on the men who
first endeavoured to convey some little instruction
to them in Sunday schools As long as they could
command Church and King mobs, the citadel of
corruption was safe. In the Quarterly Review fur
January last, there is an article on a work, which is
highly praised by the Reviewer, written by a Quaker,
who died in. 1828. The book is Dymond on the
Principles of Morality. The Reviewer makes the
following fixtraet, apposite to our subject, from
Dymond:—" I appeal (he says) to the experience
of those philanthropic men Who spend their time
either in their own n&ghbourhoods, or in s going
about doing good,' whether they do not meet with
a greater degree of this recoil from works of philan-
thropy among t the teachers and members of the
State religion than amongst other men,—and
whether this recoil is not the strongest amongst diet
portion who are reply ed to be the most zealous
friends of the Church ? Has not this been your ex-
perience with re.epeet to the Slave Trade and to
slavery,--with respect to the education of the
people,—with respect to scientific or literary in,
stitutions for the labouring ranks,—with respect to
sending preachers to • Pagan countries,—with re-
spect to the Bible Society ? Is it not familiar
to you to be in doubt and apprehension respect-
ing these members of the Eetabliehmeps, when
you have no fear and no doubt of the assistancs. of
-other Christians ? Do you not call upon others i
and invite there cc-operation with confidence ? Do
von not call upon i.U..ta 7dlth distrust, and is not that
distrust the result of your prewioo experience?"
Than is God the efforts of benevolent men have
sq
far sg.eceeded that the Clergy have no longer the
power to writie-e church and King mob'. The people
have attained to a eonyietion, that the great body
of the Clergy are their irreedneileehle enemies, and
they justly view with suspicion whatever ,s remp-
mendei cr supported by them. Mr. Beverly—of
whose letter t eh:e. Archbishop of York we have
now before us the sevepth edition—observes with
great force, and not less truth, tires " the Clergy.
have ,uniformly ranked themselves on the sit! pi
oppressive and arbitrary' measures; and that when:-
raver a blow of violent power is to be carried Into
execution they can reckon on the Clergy for support,
though all the r 6 4t of tb.e world sh old be in arms
against them. Ever sines the Church of gliglatid
has been invented, the Protestant titlicAekers have
been leagued with Government ; their martinis have
popstantly tended to oppression wherever an oppor-
!"'"!Y Lae offered ; they have always preferred in-
ernes
.and severity t.. 3 itietice and mercy ; and never
a a:tigle moment' gave they joined the people,
pc):
-eceptTg on an occasion w' an agonir ef fear
fer their own property they consented; by a most
opportune eebeiliarr dethrone their lawful Kips
James 11. The Clergy
,have aeeser by thir innate
iosw of violence and tyr:anny • bee,
diate cause of'' the ruin of the I\forarclisyY.
bishop Laud lisenht l'harlee I, to the block, and
