THE QUEENS LEVEE.

'Her 'Majesty went In State WedlieSdilirl With her suite, in three c 70.,
triages, and an escort, from the Nett Palace, to St. James's Pages:, Sod
held a 'Levee, which WAS very numerously attended. Rd Majesty was
attended by the Marchioness of Lansdowne (Ill'st Lady), the Marchioness
of Tavistock, and Lady Portman, batiks in Waiting; Viscount Tor-
Lrington, Lord ht Waiting; Sir Ifrelerick Stovin, Groom in Wait-ink ;
ord Alfred Paget, Eqe7ry. in Waiting; and Lord Kihnatnock and
. Cowell, Pages of
His
Royal Hinness the Duke of Sussex attended the Levee.
s -the Queen having taken her station in the Throne.room, attended
1,), her s'aite, and also by the Marquis of Conyngham, Lord Chamber.
Jain, the Duke of Argyll, G.C. H , Lord Steward ; the Earl of Albe.
!Tarte, G.C.H., Master of the Horse ; the Earl of Surrey, Treasurer of
the Household ; and the Hon. Colonel Cavendish, Clerk Marshal ; the
Entree company were introduced, when the following presentations to
her Majesty took place in the Circle :
Prince Odescalchi, Le Comte Chorinsky (son_in.law of Prince Ester.
hazy), Count Emanuel Zicky, Major Count Sommery, and Mr. Charles
Langton, Massingberd Officer in the Austrian Service, by Prince
, r.lerhazy, the Austrian Ambassador.
Count de Maltzan, Chamberlain to his Prussian Majesty, by Baron
below, the Prussian Minister.
Count de Montgelas, Chamberlain to the King of Bavaria, by Baron
de Cetto, the Bavarian Minister.
1)00 Rafael Alvarez y Mendizabal, Attache to the Spanish Legation,
by Chevalier de Aguilar, the Spanish Minister.
The Chevalier Heath (Sardinian Consul_General), by the Count Pol.
lon, Sardinian Minister.
thMr. Moeller, Privy Councillor of Legation, by Baron Munchhausen,
e Hanoverian Minister; and Baron Bentinck, Charge d'Affaires of
Netherlands, by the Master of the Ceremonies.
There were also presented to the Queen :
The Lord Denman, by the Lord Chancellor.
Earl Cadogan, to kiss hands as Naval Aide-de-Camp.
The Hon. J. D. Bligh, her Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary and
Minister Plenipotentiary at Hanover, on his appointment, by Viscount
Palmerston.
I‘_ fr. Fox, to take leave on going as Minister to Frankfort.
Sir Francis Head, Bart., on his return from Upper Canada, by the
Lord Glenelg
AUs .
Colonel
Lieut. Gawler, on appointment to be Governor of Southern
tralia, by Lord Glenelg.
Mr. George Maclean, Governor of Cape Coast Castle, by Lord Glenelg,
The Solicitor-General for Scotland, by Lord John Russell.
Ilche tern Houlton, Ensign of the Yeoman Guard, by the Earl of
The Rev. William Strong, on his re-appointment as Chaplain in
Ordinary, by the Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol.
The Rev, Thomas Davies, Chaplain to the Lord Mayor, by the
Lord Mayor,
RaTeh_e Chelmeley Edward Dering, Chaplain in Ordinary to her
Therlby his
Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury.
Archb' ev. Montagu John Wynyard, Chaplain in Ordinary, by the
„ "holt Of York.
"PtaiA m Bellairs, Exon of the Yeoman of the Guard, by the
Earl of behest a•
Mr. Stra h Nester,'
the / c all, Gentleman Usher Quarterly Waiter to the Queen, by
Ford Chamberlain.CoUnt de Sah•
by Lord de Tables'.
Count The , Baptiste Metaxa, by Lord Tencicrclen.
Sarin, Ez was attended by the Austrian and Russian Ambassadotrs,;
di, Ottoman Ambassador, and Mr. Salame, her Majes. y s
Bavaria • preter; the Neapolitan, Prussian, Oriental
int"
Wurtemberg, Danish,
Ilaton SPanish, Sardinian, Hanoverian, and Saxon Ministers;
ti
sved. de Bourqueney,
ler "11
Charge d'Affaires;
Charge d'Affaires ; Baron Rehausen,
Chevalier Rebello de Carvalho, Portuguese
i4on sed d'Affaires ; Baron Bentinck, Netherlands Charge d'Affaires;
Princ litirnmelauer, First Secretary of the Austrian Embassy; Le
'
Ata, 'e Don Livio Odescalchi, Due de Syrmie ; Le Comte de Sommery,
Penal lor
ICavalry in the Austrian Service, and Chamberlain of his Im.
'latiestY ; Count Emanuel Zicky Ferraris; Emeen Effendi, Secre.
ti-s-1,0.."1id Mon. Agob, Interpreter of the Turkish Embassy ; the Arch.
the
ves of Canterbury and York, the Earl Marshal, the Commander of
Judge ce,, the Captain of the Honourable Corps of Gentlemen-at.
Arras, the Captain of the Yeoman of the Guard, Sir John Nicholl,
Hounds Admiralty, P. C.l the Master of the Queen's Buck
the Master-General of the Ordnance, Mr. C. Wood, M.P.,
toSeewretary of the Admiralty; the Master of the Ceremonies, Sir John
Re an' Bart, Lord Mayor; Sir Harris Nicolas, K.C.M.G., the Lord
Of
tgiseter of Scotland ; Sir William Burnett, K.C.H., Physician-General
do h Nov Scotland
Mr. Sergeant Arabin ; Sir George Carroll, Sheriffof Lon.
4:_ealid Middlesex ; Sir Moses Montefiore, Sheriff of London and Mid-
i): ; the Dean of Hereford (in Waiting), and the Rev. Dr. Short,
„ 'LIMY Clerks of the Closet •; Count Batthyany, Mr. Under. Sheriff Wire,
the
Sir Robert Gardiner and Sir Adolphus Dalrymple, A.D.C. to
Queen ; Mr. Albert Beetham, Clerk of the Cheque of the Honour-
l'bie Corps of Gentlemen.at.Arms ; Mr. Ellerthorp, Clerk of the Cheque
of the Yeoman of the Guard; Sir Thomas Horsley Curties, Exon of the
coman of the Guard ; Major Hyde, Assistant Master and Marshal of
the Ceremonies; Captain Courtcnay Boyle, R.N., Groom of the Privy
‘-'phanalter in Waiting; Lieut.. Colonel Bouverie, Silver Stick; Captain
"hell, ILN., Equerry to her Majesty Queen Adelaide.
Petition
The folle.wing Noblemen and Gentlemen presented Addresses and
S to the Queen
rr 4
The •I`.larquis of Conyngham—a petition from the ladies of Tralee,
13,:e.g for the abolition of negro slavery and apprenticeship.
laViscount Powerscourt—an address from the Bath Church of Eng-
nd Lay Association, praying that the internal affairs of the Church
Y be left, as heretofore, to her own management
The Chairman of the Committee of the West India body, Sir Henry
William Martin, Bart., of Antigua; the Deputy Chairman, Alexander
Grant, Esq., of Jamaica; Sir Christopher Bethell Codrington, Bart., of
Antigua; and Rowland Edward Williams, Esq., of Antigua—an address
from the two Houses of Legislature of Antigua, against the principle of
a Consolidated Legislative Government of her Majesty's Leeward Ca.
ribbee Islands.
Captain Pechell, R,N.—an address from the ladies of Brighton, con-
taining 5,634 signatures, praying for the entire and unrestricted free-
dom of the negro apprentices on or before the Ist of August, 1838.
The Archdeacon of Canterbury—an address from the clergy of the
diocese, praying that her Majesty would protect their rights and pro-
perties ; and if it should please her Majesty to re-appoint the Church
Commission, that her Majesty would be pleased to command all the
Bishops to be members of it. The Archdeacon was presented by the
Archbishop of Canterbury.
A great number of presentations then took place,

ELECTION COMMITTEES.
(YESTERDAY.)

(From our Second Edition of last night.)
HULL.
The Committee met at eleven o'olock, but strangers were not ad-
%flitted till after twelve, when
The CRAIRDMAN said the Committee had decided the vote of Charles
tiny was a bad vote, and must be struck off.
The votes of William Wilkinson and John Allen were also struck off.
The petitioners now having placed themselves in a majority, Mr.
Thessiger, on the part of the sitting Members, proposed to strike off the
vote of William Barker, who had voted as a freeman, on tke ground
that he had received parochial relief within the last twelve months.
Mr. AUSTIN objected to this, and contended there had been no proper
list furnished by the agent for the sitting Members, there having
been an error in the heading of the List.
Mr. Tite.ssianit 'was addressing the Committee in answer to this ob.
Jectlon, when it was announced that the Speaker was at prayers.
