posed upon them by their connection with the Melbourne
Cabinet that has earned for itself the bad pre-eminence
of being considered indifferent to the national religion
and hostile to the National Church.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE,

MAN SION-HOUSE.

SYMPTOMS OF AN INSUBORDINATE SPIRIT AMONGST
WORKMEN.—Three journeymen gunmakers, named
Chambers, Gould, and Field, who were in the employ-
ment of Mr. Barnet, master gunmaker, in the Minories,
were charged under the 6th of Geo. 4th, cap. 129, with
having, by molesting a fellow-workman named Everard,
endeavoured to force him to depart from his employ-
ment. The penalty affixed to the violation of the act
is imprisonment to the extent of three months.
The Lord Mayor and Alderman Gibbs sat to adjudi-
cate, and Mr. Bodkin appeared for the complainant, and
Mr. Hobler, jun., for the defendants.
The defendants had appeared on a former day to
answer the charge, but the Lord Mayor postponed the
investigation in the hope that the matter between the
master and men might be accommodated by the con-
cession of the latter, an alternative which his Lordship
strongly recommended. Upon that occasion, Mr. '
Hoblcr, the chief clerk, read the clause of the Act, and
advised tbo operatives to mind what they were about
before they appeared before Magistrates for a decision.
Mr. Bodkin, who appeared for Mr. Barnet, stated
that Mr. Barnet employed upwards of 100 men, and
that the crime with which the prisoners were charged
would be a serious one at any time, but it was especially
so at present, considering the aspect of political affairs.
These men were in the weekly receipt of wages varying
from 21. 10s. to 41., and yet they struck for an advance
on the 17th instant, but Everard who had a wife and
family to support, returned to work at the same wages.
The defendants then subjected him to a series of annoy-
ances until they became insupportable. He was at last
obliged to take his work home to his house, owing to
the repeated interruption be received in the shop, and
at last he was tormented in the street by 100 to 150 of
those who disapproved of his conduct, and insulted in
the most gross manner. Witnesses should prove a se-
riles of molestations, and the Magistrate would decide
whether the words used in the Act of Parliament did
not find an accurate definition in the conduct of the
three prisoners at the bar.
The LORD MAYOR said it was not too late to apolo-
gise. They said they did not mean to do any thing to
offend Mr. Barnet.
Mr. Barnet said be had suffered so much annoyance
that he could not be satisfied with an apology.
Mr. Bodkin said they had made use of threats of per-
Fonal violence against some one in Mr. Barnet's esta-
blishment. They had said " Wait till the foggy nights
come, and then you'll see what we shall do."
The LORD MAYOR said that he would hold over the
decision for a month, in order that he might see how the
defendants would conduct themselves.
Mr. Bodkin then said he regretted to be obliged to
bring a charge of assault against Chambers, one of the
defendants. That person, on the day he received the
sum-mons to answer the charge just preferred before the
Lord Mayor, called at Mr. Barnet's hou.e, and having
asked Mr. Barnet, jun., whether he was the person who
caused the summons to be served, and being answered
in the affirmative, assaulted him on the spot.
Mr. Barnet, jun., proved the assault, and denied, on
cross-examination, that he had given the least provoca-
tion. A brother of Chambers saw the assault commit-
ted, and declared to witness that it was most disgraceful.
The Magistrates convicted the defendant, Chambers,
and told him that before he could leave the custody of
the gaoler he must pa 30s.
Mr. Hobler, jun., submitted that, under all the cir-
cumstances, a smaller fine might be inflicted.
The LORD MAYOR—No ; we cannot go lower.
Alderman GlBBs—Certainly not. ,It is a gross case
of assault, and combines with it contempt of the autho-
rity of the Lord Mayor.
THE SLAVE TRADE.—A little black boy, between
12 and 13 years of age, named Charles Perkins, was
brought before the Lord Mayor by an officer who
found him in a destitute condition in the streets. The
child was not making any complaint, but he hvid out
his hand to passengers, from many of whom he received
much pity, but his hand, somehow or other, remained
quite empty. He appeared to be a merry little crea-
ture, and joined in every laugh which his free and easy
manner excited.

The LORD MAYOR asked him how long he bad been
in England, and how he came here, for the policeman
stated that the boy had no protector, and had narrowly
escaped slavery in one of the Spanish West India
islands, where the traffic was carried on to a most fright-
ful extent.

The boy, who spoke very distinctly, said that he was
brought to London in the Jane of Margate, which came
laden with arrow-root, a little more than two months
ago ; that he lodged in a seaman's lodging-house at the
water side, and walked out begging regularly every
morning. Upon his return he paid twopence for his
bad, and be managed to get something to eat—not
much, to be sure, but anything would do.
The LORD Mayon asked him whether be did not
know that it was unlawful to beg? The boy said he
was told it was more unlawful to lie down in the streets,
and he said it was very uncomfortable.—( Laughter.)
, he LORD MAYOR—What are you able to do for
yoar bread ? The boy—l can cook,
The LORD MAYOR—Cook ! What can yon cook ?
Tht! boy—l can cook beef and soup, and potatoes, end
cabbage, and eggs, and pudding ; anything at all be-
!engine to a bull.

DP, LORD iIIArQR—A bull does not lay eggs, my
poor fellow. The boy—No, I don't say he does ; but
I don't care if he did. I could cook them if he did.—
(Laughter.) If yotr bring me up a pot and some we-
getables and a piece of hull now, cook you some
soup very nice thcm—(Pointing to the fire.)
The LORD NINYOR—WeiI, we shall see what you
are able to do. But tell me how you came to pay Eng-
Lind a visit. The boy-oa, tell you all about
that. I was in Jamaica on the shore and a Spanish
c:nptain gave me some bre:*d and butter, and asked me
to go see the ship. I didn't like to go, but he laughed
at rue, and called me a little fool, and then I went ;

and when I got on board I was put under the hatehes
with about twenty more boys, and there was no use in

crying, but we did cry, every one of us, and you never
::card ,uch a noise ; but they didn't care a pin about
it. Well, the ship went on towards Cuba, where the
captain was going to se!! us, but she was chased by a
cruiser, and drove into Bermuda, and so we escapci:
slavery.
