,
-..\%/
Ni
\--1.&•',I;.-----7-",---
--- : -,,,,-..h,lis I
_.‘t. I t -,- i 4 -.
~......nr..-„.. .7. is ...E.
.;i
L. 7 i tiB /, % i •;•
.... '-- - '':: '',-...•

PRICE 7D.

:eurttaai
ngirye ants
Fifa°t
nfi ofu
rt le
a' e mwevnats, i •
deitrivwedoufrold maoptpehearrsotuhricitesa.
With respet to the hereditary revenues of the Sovereign,
qeat sacrifice had been made; but he thought that if they
eere to compare the present expense, with those of the
rime of George IL, it would .be .found that a Civil List
-,•eted on the latter would now be in arrear. With respect
to the Civil List Auditor, he must confess that he could
not see any difficulty in carrying on the Civil List without
-ttch an officer, as the various expenses were distri-
buted under their respective departments, and were in that
.vay checked so as to prevent errors or • misappropriation.
As to the Pension. List. he thought that it.bad been ;diced
sufficiently high to enable the Crown to act With genero-
sity, liberality; and justice; and at the same time to pro-
feet the peop!e from too great a weight.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH thought that the 3:Aerieft of
the clerks in the lower classes of the department to which
he had recently belonged, ought to be augmented, and in
several branches their numbers ought to be strengthened.'
He had further to observe, that the more he reflected upon
the subject, the mere was be convinced that the Neble
Lord at the head of h's.Melesty'ss Government would Snd
it impossible to_make any further reduction in the salaries
of
.officers employ, d under the Board of Controul ; and
itivould not help doubting the poll if that arrangement
which now, for the first time, exhibited naked to , the
country the precise amount of the expences of the Civil
Government. The present was surely not Abe time fur
such experiments. He confessed he could by no means
approve of placing under the annual controul and direc-
tion of Parliament those classes of the public expenditure
which had ever been confined to the Civil List, and which,
with the provision for the personal expeece of the Monarch,
were voted for life. He could not be hr tught to think
that any popular assembly could perform well the business
of retrenchment. They were'often parsimonious, but they
were much more often extravagant ; and in matters purely
personal they were seldom if ever just.
The Earl of CAERNARVON could nut certainly blame
the Ministers for reducing their own salaries, for without
adopting such a course, they could not obtain any credit
for their professions. Nevertheless, be was persuaded that
the reduction of these salaries would be rather mischievous
than beneficial to the public. The theory of the Consti-
tution left the King to choose his servants, but the new
arrangements adopted in the present state of society, ex-
cluded from the service of the Crown any but the more
opulent members of the Ariptocracy.
The House then resolved itself into a Commit'ee, the
several clauses were agreed to, and the Bill was reported
without amendment.

A NOBLE LORD presented petitions from Hereford,
praying protection for corporate rights, and from the same
place praying for the abolition of slavery ; a similar pe-
titi,in from the district of Sutton ; from the city of Here-
ford, praying for certain alterations in the Beer A:.t.
Lord I3EXLEY presented several petitions against sla-
very, but the names were not called over.
Adjourned at Nine o'clock.
