GRE4T WESTERN STEAM SHIP.

When the question as to the practicability of steam voyages
aercss the Atlantic was discussed last year at the meeting of
the British association, Mr. Guppy made the following obser-
vations, which the result of the late voyage. has almost lite-
rally verified. He stated that " a steam vessel had just been
bat at Bristol, with engines of 200 horse power each, and
taking the burden of the vessel at 1,300 tons, her engine,,,
boilers, and their Water, would weigh. from 350 to 400 tons,
which left 900 tons for coals and cargo. Reckoning the
average consumption in the beat steam vessels, it would be
found that her engines would not consume more than 30 tons
a day. If she were found to average nir. miles per I:cur (and
he hoped it would be /tennr ten) she ought to perform her
voyage in twelve, and against disadvantageous winds in
eighteen, days. He was therefore sanguine that steam nay.i-
gation across the Atlantic would be shortly established." The'.
following is the average of the Great fiTe.sl;Til, as stated in the
Nautica/Magazine. The distallee T4ari from Bristol to New York
was 3,125 milcs; average each hour S. 2. miles. The distance
run from New York to Bristol was 3,192 miler, average each
hour about nine Miles. She carried cut 660 tons of coals,and
on her arrival at New York had 203 tons remainieg. She
left New York with 570 tons, and arrived with 178 tons on
board at Bristol ; her average daily consumption was 27 tons,
and with the expansion valves up 32 tons, thus making the
voyage out in somewhat more than fifteen days, and the home-
ward voyage in less than fifteen. When we take into account
the stoppages made to cool the bearings, and arrange a part of
the machinery, by which she was considerably- delayed (the
average for two days being only six and a half kiwis the hour)
and also the adverse winds she had to contend with, it ap-
proaches to ecrtaint,• that she will perform the homeward
voyage often in twelve clays.

INQUES
T ON THE COURTENAY

RIOTERS.

BROUGHTON-UPON-BLEAN, JUNE 3.—This morning the Coroner's Jury
sat on the body of George Catt, the constable, killed by mistake during
the affray. Stephen Champ, labourer, had been at Borsenden i,lrood on
Thursday, May 31, when he saw the deceased, George Cott, who was
acting as a constable and endeavouring to suppress the riotous proceed-
ings of the mob who were assembled together intlav wood. Saw Lieut.
Bennett in front of hi.; detachment and going towards Courtenay, who
was also advancing towards him. Some words were addressed by Mr.
Bennett to Courtenay, but what they were witness could not
hear. When they were 'within a stride of each other, he saw
Courtenay presenting a pistol at the Lieutenant with his right hand ;
instantly heard a report, and saw Bennett fall: Witnes,: was so
close to that officer that if be had struck any person before he was
shot he must have seen him. It was uttesiy impossible for Bennett to
have touched anyone of the mob with his sword before he was shot, nor
was any one near enough to have reached him before ho was shot by
Courtenay. Lieutenant Bennett was the first person that fell or was
wounded. Catt was at the right hand of that officer at the time, and
there witness found him dead afterwards with a gun.shot wou:ld in his
head. Is perfectly certain that Catt was shot by the military the
execution of their duty, by accident.

Thomas coach porter, gave similar evidence.
In this case the jury returnrrd a verdict that " The deceased was shot
by the military by accident, while in the execution of their duty."
In tire inquest on Wm. Bur ford, "Sir William Courtenay," alias
John Tor; George Griggs, Stephen Baker, George Branchett, William
Foster, Phincas Harvey, Edward Wraig:it, Wifliam Rye, the jury re-
turned the same verdict—Justitiable Homicide.

The Sun Newspaper is, as it deserves to be, tl►e
highest in point of circulation of any of the Evening Journal.,, and long
may it retain its proud pre.emincnce! Scarcely a day passes but it puts
forth new claims to pub!ic support, independently of its independent
principles. We are glad to notice that the Anti slavery delegates have
passed a vote of thanks to that porticn of the Daily Press, which has
advocated the cause of the oppressed negro, being assured that The San
101 conic in for " the lion's share" of the vote. Its last mighty efibrt
was to report the wimic of the proceedings at the great Anti-slavery
meeting at Exeter Hall, yesterday week, in that day's paper, recopying
more (hen nine raucous of very small tyre. We say to our enter-
prising contemporary, " go 'on and prosper."---Leicestershire Mercury
of June 2.

NATIONAL LOAN FUND ASSURANCE SOCIETY.
—We are sincerely glad to find that this very useful society is obtaining
that attention from the public IA hien its merits so well desem.A.—Leicm-
tcrshire Mercury of June 2.

It is ,a singular fact that the amount of debt oil the
two piers at Gravesend is not less than 600001. ; much more thz.n half
of which has arisen from the petty beat squabbles of the place.
QUEEN ELIZABETH AND HER TlMES.—Atnong
the numerous distinguished persons of whom letters and other memo.
vials will be found in this most interesting work, are the Lord Treasurer
Burghley—the Earl of Leicester—the Earl of Essex—Sir Christopher
Ilatton— Sir F. Walsinghame —Sir Walter Raleigh—Sir Francis- '
Drake—Sir Philip Sidney—Mary, Queen of Scots—Earl of Bcthwell—
Lord 11.1rnley—David Rizzio—William Davison—Amy Robsart—Sir
Nicholas Throginorton—Archbishop Parker—Lord Cobham—Sir T.
Chiloner—Edwin Sandy's, Bishop of London—Marquis of Winchester— •
Earl of Bedford—Fox, the Martyrologist—Duke of Norfolk—Earl of
Murray—Bishop of Durham—Earl of Shrewsbury—Countess of North-
umberland—Fir Thomas Bodley—Countess of Westmoreland—Bishop
cf Winchester—Sir IL Killigrew-T-S,r F. linollys—Thomas Church-
yard, the Poet—Bishop of Norwich—The Mayer of London—Recorder
Fleetwood—Sir William Russell—the Archbishop of Arinagh—the
Earl of Huntingdon, &c. &c.
A NEW NOVEL is about to appear from the pen
of the authoress of " The Diary of a Descnouyee ;" the lively scenes
of which are laid in the grand 2.7102:f7C of London, and the high circles of
Naples. The brilliant success of her former work justifies the high
report we have heard of• the spirit and moral character of the present,
which bears the piquant title of "The Wormin of the World."
COMMISSION OE LUNACY.—A. Commission, at
the instance of the rel:tives of John Gould, Esq., of Amberd House,
Taunton, was opened at Winterhourue, on Wednesday, to ascertain the
validity of the allegation that this respectable gentleman was of unsound
mind. Several medical and other gentlemen deposed to Mr. Gould's
erratic habits and insane state of intellect for tome time past, which was
corroborated by the keepers of Gloucester Asylum, whereto the unfor-
tunate gentleman has for mouths past [seen plactl.. Mr. Gould was pre_
sent during the investigation, and by his attention to its progress, and
acute suggestions to his Counsel in disparagement of the evidence ad.
duced, transiently weakened the impression derived from the testimony
of the witnesses. Some unequivocal manifestations of mental disorder
were, however, subsequently displayed, which tended greatly to support
the propriety and object of the proceedings. The evidence closed on
Saturday.—Taunton Courier.
"Fraser's Magozine" for June is by far the best of
the periodicals published this month. The Number leads oil' with a long
and valuable article on Shelley. The popular series of Blue Friar Plea.
santries—Homeric Ballads, by Dr. Maginu—The Yellowplush Corres.
pondence—Our Club at Paris—and, Mehinge from the Journal and
Notes of an Employe, are continued. Two important Political papers, one
on the Church Esti.blishment question, and the-other on the topics of the
month, with the usual variety of revity.tratr.d
of more than ordinary interest.
p9etry, complete a Number
-
