has become of the treat Conservative " re-action" in
Liverpool, for example ? How happened it that the
faction which carried all before it during the late Par-
liamentary election, utterly failed in a struggle for the
return of a batch of Municipal Tory Councillors ?
have already answered this question. The Tory can-
didates for seats in Parliament stretched their purse
strings ; whereas the candidates for Tory municipal
distinctions happened to have nothing in their purses
more than their neighbours, and therefore they could
not afford to stretch them. It is the same with the
Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed; in which, though
the Tories were triumphant at the election for Mem-
bers to serve in Parliament, they signally failed on the
more recent occasion of electing the members of the
Town Council. The Berwick Tories fought hard to
acquire and maintain a political ascendancy in the
Municipal Councils of-the Borough. They sustained
a complete overthrow. Not a single candidate set up
by them was returned. This fact sufficiently demon-
strates the means by which Messrs. HoDc;soN and
HOLM ES obtained a majority at the late Parliamentary
election. In our columns of this day will be found an
article from the Berwick Advertiser, in which this
subject is well handled, and to which we have pleasure
in directing the attention of our readers. Our Contem-
porary affirms that measures are in progress for bringing
the question of the present representation of Berwick
before a Committee of the House of Commons. We
have good grounds for knowing that if the Liberals
persevere in such a resolution both the sitting Mem-
bers will be unseated. There will be no difficulty in
roving that the returns were the result of a system of
wholesale bribery and corruption—a system of which
no man in the United Kingdom is better acquainted
with all the forms, varieties, and details, than the
Tory Whipper-in, BILLY HOLMES.
But besides demonstrating the immense extent to
which the Tories practised bribery at the late general
electioe, the Municipal elections will open the eyes of
the country to the importance of the Ballot question.
This is no inconsiderable benefit. Once it is fairly
demonstrated to the people of England that the Ballot
works well in the election of Municipal Officers, it
will be in vain to oppose its adoption in the elec-
tion of Members to serve in Parliament. We can-
not select an instance of the working of the Ballot
more likely to be favourable to the clamourers for
open voting and corruption than that supplied by
the Berwick municipal election. Berwick has long
been noted as a hot-bed of municipal corruption. The
old ficemen hate the Ballot, because they dread that it
will put an end to their mal-practices ; and as a matter
of course, their hatred instigated them to attack it in
every way most likely to bring it into bad repute. But
here again they failed ; as the Ballot deprived them of
every chance of singling out their friends from their
enemies. The only cause of partisan contention was
removed. The cOnuptionists knew not with whom to
pick a quarrel, and their uncertainty preserved the
peace and good order of the Borough. The Berwick
Advertiser thus contrasts the elections with and with-
out the Ballot :
Although the system of voting by Ballot in the election
of Councillors for the borough has only been adopted so far
as that each voter deposits a ticket or slip of paper sub-
scribed by him, and hearing the names of the candidates of
his choice, the marked preference in point of order and
quietness and despatch that prevailed during the election on
Wednesday, contrasted with the bustle and noise and con-
fusion of the late election, when Mr. Holmes and Mr.
Hodgson were returned as the representatives of Berwick,
must have convinced every beholder of the propriety of
adopting the Ballot as the preferable mode of giving the
suffrage at all elections. The voters on this occasion were
nearly as numerous as on that, and the contest was expected,
at least by the Conservative party, to be as close, and the
whole was terminated in quietness and god order. As the
lists, however, bear the names of the voters, every vote may
be ascertained, which destroys the principal feature of the
Ballot vote, so necessary in many cases for the protection cf
• `he Parliamentary electors. This desideratum, we trust,
supplied before another general election is required,
and we
~.eula fain hope that it may be the law of the land
before the Sessica shall be closed.
o the common sense of the
countrypeals like tl,r,
** a' to be made in vain.
i
continue
begin to see that the electoral body must be
_
rendered independent, or that no hottest rlovernment
can exist in this country. Now there can be no se-
curity, consequently no real independence, without the
Ballot. This has hitherto been an abstract opinion
in England ; but as soon as the Municipal eleetore
shall have satisfied themselves of its practical truth
—as they are now fast doing—they will have the
Ballot in spite of the hesitatiog misgivings of .heir
friends, or the open hostility of their euemiee•
formers look to Berwick for an illustration of the bee
neficial working of the Ballot under the most adverse
circumstances. The conetitueney that rejected S:r
It UFA NE DONKIN for that harlequin of the Tory
faction, BILLY HOLMES, actually voted the exclusion
of every Tory who ()tiered himself for a seat in the
Town Council I Had the Ballot been adapted in
both cases, the political result would have been the
same, notwithstanding the wholesale bribery resorted
to by the Tory Parliamentary candidates. These facts
will tell in a Committee of the House of Commons.

iolation of the laws. There is no insurgent like the bell
—the most active, unceasing, and pernicious of agita-
tors ; wherefore we repeat our conviction that a system
Of Poor-laws is, of all other remedies, that which should
be first introduced into the sister country. With this
single exception, Mr. O'Cos xEr.L's address is de"-
serving of the utmost praise that can be bestowed on
it. The Hon. and Learned Gentleman states that he
is confident of the good intentions of Ministers ; that
he relies on them, without reserve or stint ; and is
convinced that they will he tie means of befriending,
Ireland to an extent that she has never been
befriended before. "A new reign," says he, " free
from prejudice, and full of kindly intentions, has
commenced." Yes, and this is the most auspicious
omen that Irishmen have witnessed for centuries.
There is no longer any back-stairs influence to
to thwart the just inclinations of the Court ; the Tories
no longer haunt Windsor and St. James's; as they
have done without interruption for upwards of half a
century—their day is past, their sun is set ; though
doubtless they will make a valorous show of opposition
in the approaching Parliament, which however will be
mere noise and bluster, and no more effective this Ses-
sion than it was the last. Let Ireland, therefore, despite
the showy parade of Tory Members on the wrong
side of the SPEAKER despite the plausible
sophistries of Sir ROBERT PEEL in the House of
Commons, and the insulting bravadoes of Lord Li ND-
liURST in the House of Peers; despite even the
logical acumen of a SIBTHORPE, and the inspired
rhetoric of a BORTHWICK—Ict Ireland, we say, de-
spite these apparently formidable obstacles, keep up a
stout heart ; fling despondency and desperation to the
winds ; and look confidently forward to the day
of her regeneration, whose sun is already dawn-
ing in the East. Above all things, let her fol-
low the temperate, manly, and sagacious ad-
vice of Mr. O'CONNELL ; be vigilant and self-
possessed ; avoid everything like a violation of the
law ; and prove herself worthy of the privileges sought
to be conferred on her, by a tranquil, high-minded
course of conduct, free alike from undue exultation on
the one hand, and undue depression on the other.
Mr. O'CoNNEEL, we perceive, exhorts his country-
men to petition firmly but respectfully for the Ballot.
Tins, too, is sound advice, for even when Ireland has,
gained her Municipal Reform, she will still be in
son:e degree in the power of the Orangemen, whose
influence at elections, by means of bribery and cor-
ruption, is enormous. The Ballot is the necessary
sequel to the Reform Bill. As such it is looked on
by the enlightened mass of the community, who day by
day are declaring themselves more loudly and unequi-
vocally in its favour. Mr. O'CONNELL, therefore,
is in error when he states that many of the English
Radicals are lukewarm on the subject. On the con-
trary, the Ballot is one of the main articles of their
political creed. Late experience has taught them that
it is indispensable ; and that without it the Reform
Bill, efficient, as it may seem to all appearance, is in
reality but a cnput mortuum. We shonld not omit
to mention Mr. O'CONNELL'S allusions to EN EAS
MA C DONNELL. They were in the happiest vein of
caustic sarcasm, and will pierce to the heart, even
through the thick coatings of ENEAS's self-coneeit.

In the Freeman's Journal of Monday last, which
we have to-day received from Dublin, there is a letter
addressed to the Editor by the DEAN of the. Chapel
Royal (Dublin), who, in *consequence of the comments
v,llich have been made upon his conduct, has felt it
his duty. to make a public statement of the facts con-
nected with 1.1;„ I,IiINGTON'S refusal to preach, and
his resignation of the ,e'haplaincy to his Excellency.
Lord M ULGR A VE. The lievt:....
rend DEAN'S commu-
nication is not unimportant ; since it t,.-....B.ablishes the
fact, that Lord MULGRAVE had nothing whatc,...7 to
do with the contemplated omission of the Gunpowder
Piot-service, about which such a senseless clamour has
recently been raised by the Conservative criers of
No Popery." The Reverend DEAN, it will be
found, effectually silences the factious simpletons,
simply by correcting their own misrepresentations, re-
ferring to some letters that passed between himself and
the recusant Doctor on the suhjed of emitting the ob-
so!ete service for the sth of November, in the Chapel
Royal ; the DEAN says :

u I have to observe that no part of this correspondence
took place under the cognizance of the Lord Lieutenant.
It is not any part of my duty to submit to his Excellency
the proposed list of preachers ; neither did I consider it re-
quisite to refer to his Excellency on the subject of Doctor
Elrington% communication to me—whatever of error there
may be in the case is chargeable solely to me; but, as the
authority for the course I pursued, I am enabled to state,
that no particular observance of the sth of November,
filling either on Sunday or week-day, has taken place in
the Chapel Royal from the sth November, 1821, to the
present time. Upon the knowledge of this I grounded my
reply to Doctor Elrington. The necessity for the particular
observance of that day, if it exist at all, is of equal obli-
gation both in town and country, when it occurs on the
-week-day as well as on the Sunday ; and I know that the
instances are rare indeed in which the obligation is complied
with, and Doctor Ering,ton knows of himself, whether in
his own country parish he has complied—and in all its par-
ticulars—with that which he must consider an obligation,
upon the anniversaries preceding the present—nor in the
College in whiA he still continues to retain an appoint-
ment, are all the requisitions of the enactment relied on,
complied with."

By the arrival of the Tagus steamer at Falmouth
on Monday from Lisbon, whence she sailed on the
Ist inst., we have received letters and Papers from
Portugal of that date. No change has taken place
in the Cabinet, though the QUEEN solicited Baron
BONIFINI and Viscount SA DA BA NDEIRA seve-
rally to form a new Administration. A few hours
sufficed to convince Boat Ft M that he had not the shadow
of a chance of success, and he returned to the Palace
in de-spair. BA NDEIRA had not ended his negocia-
Lions on the Ist inst., but there was just as little ap-
pearance of his being able to construct a strong popular
Administration as there was of his succeeding to the
Crown of Portugal. He may, however, manage to
patch up a Cabinet, composed of old and partly rotten
materials, which may weather the storm for a month or
two—now that Portugal is in a state of comparative
tranquillity.

Here is a conclusive, a most triumphant answer to
tl►e whole bottomless charge. How does the doughty
Doctor, the now chop-fallen Chaplain, like the DEAN'S
letter ? How do his mercenary allies, the too eager
Conservat:ve calu►nniators of the Irisl► Government,
relish the Reverend DEA N'S plain statement of facts.?
No more now will be heard, we apprehend, of the im-
peachment which some of the factious wiseacres have
actually been gossipping about. We should think
that by this time the ex-Chaplain, and the other fana-
tical beggars for remembering GUI FAWKES, will
henceforth hold their peace.

The Municipal Elections throughout England are
beginning to strike the Tories quite dumb. Even the
Times dare not refer to the stale trick of " re-action,"
which crc this was to have transferred the Government
of this country from a MELBOURNE to a PEEL Ad-
min:stiation. The boasted " re-action"—as is now
well known to every body—ended with the distribution
of the Tory bribes ; for except renegades and apos-
tates, none have been found base enough to betray for
nothing, themselves, their country, and their posterity.
Thus it has happened that in those very boroughs
where Tory gold triumphed" during the last General
Election of Parliamentary Members, the Ultra-Radi-
cals have been as signally successful in the election
of Municipal Officers—to the great surprise of some, 1
and the annoyance of more, of the Conservative body.
But the anomaly is easily explained. During the
Parliamentary election the public virtue of the electoral
body was thifortunately not proof against the tempta-
tions held out to electors to desert the cause of con-
science and of truth. Many whom corruption assailed
in vain Yielded to fear. In the second instance referred
to the electors, being uninfluenced by the hope of
gain, paid more regard to the dictates of conscience,
and refused to betray their country without the temp-
tation of a bribe. We are now speaking of boroughs ;
and moreover of boroughs in which the old leaven of
pauper freemen were allowed under the Reform Bill
to retain the exercise of the elective franchise. We
shall have many occasions of referring to the state of
political slavery in which the English counties are held
1 by the great landholders ; and therefore at present
the few observations we have to make shall be re-
stricted wholly to those boroughs in which there has
been a decided manifestation of public opinion. What

The Paris journals of Monday are entirely taken up
with election details. For ten of the fourteen arron-
dissements, or electoral districts of the Department of
the Seine, the Members returned are Messrs. JAC-
QUEMINWT, LEFEBVRE, LEGENTIL, GANNERON,
SALVERTE, ARAGO DE BELLEYME, BEUDIN, DE-
MONS, and COCHIN. The result of nearly two hun-
dred of the Departmental elections was known in
Paris on Monday, and as far as they have yet gone
they may be pronounced decidedly in favour of Liberal
principles. When the elections have terminated, we
shall publish the details at some length ; but at pre-
sent it would be a waste of our columns to crowd
them with the names of candidates of whom not one
in twenty has ever been heard of. by the people of
England.
The following despatch contains the only official
intelligence front Spain which appears in the Paris
papers:—

" BAYONNE, Nov. 2,4 i P. M.—Don Carlos arrived at Du-
rango on the 27th ult , with some of his battalions in a de-
plorable condition. Fort kip capitulated on the 29th :.,nhe
garrison was conducted back to Pampluna. A brisk fFng
%‘ as heard on the 26th around Cantavieja. It is believed that
Oraa has arrived there. Nothing new had occurred at Ma-
drid on the 29th."

The correspondent of a Morning Contemporary,
in a letter from Saragossa, dated the 31st ult., has the
following observations on the reception which the
Carlist Chiefs met with on re-entering Navarre, after
their five months' expedition beyond the Ebro
Letters from Tudela state that Don Sebastian, and the
oftlia
tp
accompanied, r were loaded vfith
t
of Navarre occupied by
the faction, as they passed among them,
troopsprcca tio by
ns Whom o
They sought for
tmh e h
people e owpalsc

THE SUN, LONDON, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1837.

their fathers, huslmndS, and sons—the young women looked
anxiously for their lovers, who had accompanied the Preten-
der—almost all looked in vain ; instead of their relatives and
friends, they saw straggling bands of miserable Castilian
forced recruits, and an exhausted soldiery. As to Don Car-
los, they justly exclaimed that he was an inhuman monster—
an impostor ! And they declared that never again would they
him twenty-five battalions, as they did months ago when he
left the provinces, promising to seat himself on the throne of
San Fernando. " And thus it is tho impostor has fulfilled his
promise !" said they, pointing at the miserable objects he had
sent back to them.
In another letter from the same place, and of the
same date, we find the following :
The Pretender is at Durango, where he will receive no-
body. lie is said to be displea-ird with all his officers, and to '
have even removed Moreno from his command. It is reported
that the 3d battalion of Navarre, entrusted with protecting the
passage of the Ebro by the troops who were on the other bank,
refused to march.
It is rumoured that an action took place on the 26th, be-
tween l3orso and Cabrera, in the Arera mountains, in which
the latter has been beaten.
Iriarte, with six battalions and SOC cavalry, was on the 27th
preparing to move to Peralta. Ulibacri slept on the 23111 at
Larraga. All the Carlist forces under Garcia have made a
movement, in order to join the Infant Don Sebastian.
We have besides reserved Madrid Papers of the 9th;.3.,
but they contain no important news of any interest,
On the 19th inst. the REGENT will open the new
Corteg in person. The prevailing opinion is that the
moderate party will have a large majority in both
Chambers.

The following extracts arc from the Paris Papers o

Monday :-
A letter from Bayonne of the Ist Nov., says :-" The sea
runs frightfully high ; we receive no news from the environs
of Bilboa, but it is affirmed that Don Carlos arrived at Du.
rango on the 27th. Travellers who have arrived to-day at
Bayonne from that little town, affirm that they have seen
him. The Carlists persist in denying the fact. An order
issued by the Carlist authorities at Estella, and published in
that town on the 20th, imposes a fine of 200 reals on every
person who shall be convicted of having said that King Charles
V. had returned to the provinces.
"By information from Ainhoa, on the frontier, we learn
that the vanguard of the column of the army of Espartero
entered Pampeluna yesterday morning, and that the commander
was expected to-day. Without doubt, the line of Valcarlos
will be again occupied."-Journal des Debuts.
A letter from Madrid informs us that the news of the re-
turn of Charles V. to the Northern Provinces, had been re-
ceived there ; but even among those who gave credit to it, it
has not produced any favourable impression. They foresaw
that the return of Charles V. to the provinces, would cause
all the fortified places in Biscay and Navarre, which are still
in the bands of the Christinos, to fall into the possession of
the Royalists, and that the King might easily send fresh troops
from those provinces to Castella and Arragon. While these
events were passing, the fiscal embarrassments and insubordi-
nation of the army, would ruin the Government.
These are some of the reflections produced at Madrid by
this news, which has been so pompously announced by the
Christino journals of the frontier, and which is repeated in
the telegraphic dispatch from Bayonne, dated November 2. -
Gazette de France.
FRENCH FUNDS.-Paitte, Nor. 6.
Five per Cents., 109 f. 50c. 55c.
Four per Cents., 100 f. 50c.
Three per Cents. fill. 35c. re.:
Bank Actions, 2,5c0f 2,515 f.
Itente Ue Naples, 10uf. 15c. 10c. 26c. 15c.
Roman Five per Cents., 1003(.
Spanish Actives, 21 20%.
Spanish Passives, 4%.
Belgian Loan, Five per Cents., 103 102 X.
Brussels Society, 1.665 f.
Belgian Bank, 1,470 f.
Portuguese Three per Cents. 2239.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, 25E 47%c. • money, 25f. 4734 e.
Three months, paper, 25f. 3 4c. ; money, 251. 30c
-;bars Authentiaue.
LAST PRICES.
Five per Cents., 10911 55c.
Three per Cents. SIC 25c.
Bank Actions, 2,515 f.
Roman Five per Cents., 10019.
Belgian Loan, 10236.
Belgian Bank, 1,470 f.
Brussels Society, 1,665 f.
Portuguese Three per Cents., 22%.
Spanish Actives, `20%.
Spanish Passives 4%.

His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge and
Prince George have deferred their departure for St. Leo-
nard's, to visit her Majesty the Queen Dowager Adelaide,
in order to be present at the royal fete, at Guildhall, to-
morrow. Their Royal Highnesses will leave town, on
Friday, for Sussex. _ _

Lord and Lady Lyndhurst will leave their residence
at Versailles, on the 16th inst. for town. Lord Canterbury
will accompany his Noble and Learned Friend to England.
Lord Stanley is still adjourning at Knowsley Park.
The return of the Earl of Derby to town is uncertain. His
Lordship is expected to attend the opening of Parliament.
Lord and Lady Rqbert Grosvenor left the Baths at
Baden on the 20th ult. for Frankfort-on-the-Maine, and
left that place on the 30th. His Lordship's health is per-
fectly re-established, and the family are expected to arrive
at their new residence in Park-street, to-morrow.

Lord Chesterfield leaves Euston Park to-morrow, on
a visit to the Earl of Litchfield, at Sliughorough Park, in
Leicestershire. .

Lord I3urghersh arrived at his new residence in
Upper Harley-street yesterday, from a visit to the Earl of
Jersey, at Middleton Park.
Last evening a conversazione at the rooms of the
Architectural Society, Lincoln's Inn-fields, was very nume-
rously attended. Amongst many eminent architects we
observed Mr. Barry, Mr. Hardwick, Mr. Fowler, &c. It
was the first meeting of the present session. W. B. Clarke,
President, in the chair, read an opening address. Nume-
rous drm‘ings were exhibited by Messrs. G. Moore, H.
Dunbury, W. Grellier, and other members. The Curator
announced various donations to the library and rpuseam,
acid glso the subjects for the students' prizes for the session
Ig3l and 1838, 1191190 M apd elaborate casts of
arabesques, tali.en from the Alhambra, were enntributed
by Mr. Owen Jones, and elucidated by a view, in outline,
of the interior, etched by Mr. j. Bury, member.
GRUNElSON.—lntelligcnce was received at
an early hour this morning at the 41forning otl oflic,e of
the safety and good health of the above-named gentleman,
who, it will be recollected, fell into the bands of the Chris-
tines in Spain, awl has Eine° hcou kept in Penfinerneat
diem, The letter, on its arrival, was immediately forwarded
to the relatives t. tirtmeison, who have been much
alarovd for his safety sines the news arrived in I,l7ntlickftt-i

his capture.
We regret to state that a serious accident happened
to Mr. Baker, of Drury-lane Theatre, during the rehearsal
of the new play of Caraclacus, on Monday morning, in
consequence of the triumphal car breaking down on the
stage ; and if it had not been for the timely intervention of
one of the carpenters employed on the occasion, the pro-
bability is that death would have been the consequence.
As it was, Mr. Baker made an effort to get through the

part on Monday night, but has not been able to repeat it,
and his character in the Child of the Wreck was performed
on Tuesday night by Mr. Cooper. Mr. Baker is now con-
fined to his room. .

DRURY-LANE THEATRE.—The new play of Ca.
raciacus having been curtailed to three acts, retaining al
the splendour with which it has been produced, was last
evening repeated with great success to a crowded house.

Lord Mayor's day began nearly four centuries ago,
on the 9th of November, 1453. The expense attending
the civic banquets annually since that period must hare
amounted to an immense sum.

The seats of the House of Commons have been
newly covered, preparatory to the meeting of Parliament on
Wednesday next.
On Sunday evening the smack Fifeshire, Captain
Grant, arrived at Downe's Wharf, Lower East Smithfield,
flora Kirkcaldy, with three wild Polar bears, which were
secured in three large iron-hooped casks. These were cap-
tured at Davis's Straits last season. One of the three is
said to be the largest ever taken alive in the Polar regions.
The other two are yonng ; but all three appear to be very
ferocious. These inhabitants of the Arctic Seas have been
purchased by Mr. Wombwell.
An adjourned meeting of. the Middlesex Magistrates
was held on Tuesday, at noon, to 'consider and determine
Upon various matters. Mr. Sergeant Adams presided over
avery full bench of magistrates. Nothing of importance
to 3k place.
In 1770 it was a common practice in Surinam to
cut of a negro's kg, as a punishment for running away, and
a sure method of preventing its repetition. In one instance
the master was more humane, and only cut the tendon
Achilles.
The christening of the infant'daughter of Lord and
Lady Emily Ashley will take place on the return of the
Noble Lord and his Lady from Kingstown. Her Majesty
the Qneen has deputed the Duchess Countess of Suther-
land to be her deputy on the occasion, as the child will
receive the names, it is understood, of her illustrious

sponsor.
Yesterday evening an inquest was held at the Lon-
don Hospital, Mile End, on the body of Ann thrrison,
who died in that institution from the effects of several
wounds or punctures, which she had inflicted upon the
right side of her throat with a pair of scissors. It ap-
peared that the deceased lived with a man, a maker of
gridirons, frying-pans, and other articles of the hind, and
both led a dissipated life, On Friday last, in a paroxysm
of rage, she jobbed a pair of scissors several times into the
right side of her throat, thereby inflicting several deep
wounds, and severing some of the principal Wood vessels.
She was shortly afterwards removed to the hospital, where,
notwithstanding every attention, she died. The jury, on
hearing the evidence, returned verdict of " Temporary
Insanity,"
