TURNPIKE ROADS.

Mr. LENNARD brought in a Bill to amend the laws
respecting turnpike roads, which Ica read a first time, and
ordered to be read a second time on the 10th of February.

PUBLIC ANNUITIES.

On the motion of Mr. Alderman WAITIINIAN, an
Account was ordered to be laid before the House of M

Bey. received and Stock tranferred by the Commissioner,
of the National Debt, under the Act of th• 10th of his
late Majesty for the grant of Life and other terminable
Annuities, distinguishing their respective ►mount, up to
the latest period to which the same can be made out.

Mr. Alderman WAITILMAN moved for some Returns
relating to the Amount of Cotton Twists and Printed
Goods exported in 1826 and 1829.
Mr. HUME presented a petition from the inhabitants of
Horsham, complaining of distress. They stated that they
had been compelled to pay higher wages to the labourers
and that they should be unable to do so, unless they were
reliesed from the present weight of taxes and tithes. The
lion. Member presented a similar petition from Selsey, in
which the petitioners added to their statement of distress a
prayer for Parliamentary Reform, as its only remedy. He
took that opportunity of saying that he was not fully sa-
tisfied with the explanation given of the words " shall,
will, and must," because that explanation showed that the
lion. Member meant to afford protection to the agricul-
tural interest at the expense of all the other interests of
the country ; a mode of affording them protection which
he must eai neatly deprecate.
Mr. SAVILLE LUMLEY begged to say, with respect
to the protection afforded to the agricultural interest, the
present Corn Laws did not afford them that protection ;
they were a complete fallacy. The graduated scale was
good for nothing, except to benefit the factors and jobbers,
who made it subservient to their interest.

Colonel SHITHOIIPE said this was apetition for the
repeal of all taxes, to which he cordially subscribed.
Two Hort. Mesturns, whose names we could not learn,
said they did not think the wages generally were as good
as the Hon. Member for Sussex had supposed.
Mr. CUItTEIS said that those who were regularly em-
ployed received from Is. 9d. to 2s. a day, in the parts of
the county with which he was more immediately connected.
Mr. SLANEY trusted that the Hon. Member for Sus-
sex would direct his ability to remove the abuses in the
administration of the poor laws in that county, for, if he
was not misinformed, every other person there, at some
time or other in life, received assistance from the parish.
He hoped they would return to the system in Northum-
berland, where wages were high and rates were low.

After a few words from O'CONNOR DON, the pat
ion was laid on the table.
SLAVERY.

Mr. MIME pretenttsi thirteen petitions for the abolition
of negro slavery.

ROYAL PALACES.

Mr. lIITME moved for returns of the expenses of the
apartment; in the Royal residences—of the names and oc-
cupation; of the parsons by whom they were filled—whe•
then they were rated to the assessed taxes and county rate.
—Ordered.
