DEPARTURES.

Colonel Barnard, M.P., and Mrs. Barnard, from the British
Hotel, Jermyn-street, for Cheltenham ; Captain Acheson, M.P.,
from ditto, for ditto ; Wm. Hartopp, Esq., from ditto, for
Brighton ; Itobert Blanchard, Esq., from ditto, for ditto ; Mr.
and Lady Louisa Tighe, from Symmons's Hotel, St. James's-
street, for Brighton ; J. Taylor, Esq., from ditto, for Hastings ;
Mr. and Mrs. Wilson, from ditto, for Newmarket; Sir Hugh
Stewart, Bart., from Morley's Hotel, Cockspur-street, for Ire-
land; Sir G. Nugent, Bart., from ditto, for Bucks; Colonel
Wilson and family, from ditto, for New South Wales; Major
Macan, from ditto, for Herts ; Miss Benson, from ditto, for
Oxford; Mr. and Mrs. Cooper, from Paine's Bath Hotel,
Arlington-street, for Cheltenham ; Wm. Seybright, Esq., from
ditto, for Brighton ; Major and Mrs. Carter, from Bryant's
Hotel, Conduit-street, Bond-street, for Dieves Hall, Herts.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

TAT TERSALL' S.

The Ascot settling was heavy, and took up a consider-
able time. It was succeeded by some brisk betting on the
July Stakes, Goodwood Cup, and St. Luger. The Cup
will be a great betting race. We subjoin the odds at the
close:—

JULY STAKES.

100 to 45 agst Lord Exeter's sister to Green Mantle

GooDWoOn
6 to 4 agst Lord Chesterfield's Priam
3 to 1 agst Mr. Ridsdale's St. Gilee
5 to 1 agst Sir M. Wood's Camarine
5 to 1 agst Mr. Chifney's Rowton
100 to 80 on Priam and St. Giles agst the field
50J to 4CO on Camarine agst Rowton

DONCASTER. ST. LEGER.
9 to I agst Lord Kelburne's Retainer
9 to 1 agst Mr. Richardson's Fang
10 to 1 agst Mr. Beardsworth's Ludlow (taken)
12 to 1 agst Mr. Gully's Margrave
12 to 1 agst Lord Cleveland's Trustee
15 to 1 agst Mr. S. L. Fox's Julius (taken)
16 to 1 agst Mr. Vansittart's Berle')
20 to 1 agst Mr. Walker's Francisca (taken)
20 to 1 agst Sir R. Bulkelev's Birdcatcher
23 to 1 agst Mr. Walker's Conrad

NEWMARKET FIRST OCTOBER MEETING, 1832.
MONDAY.-Mr. Stanley's Crutch, 83t. 71b. agst Col.
Peel's Lochinvar, 7st. 61b. both 4 yrs old. T.Y.C.
100 h. ft.

SECOND OCTOBER MEETING, 1832.

MONDAY.-Lord Worcester's Copper Captain, Bst. 71b.
agst Lord Chesterfield's Olga, Sit. 2. T.Y.C. 100 b. ft.

110 UGHTOZ,I MEETING, 1332.

MONDAY.-Mr. Payne's Paddy, Bst. 71b. agst Lord
Chesterfield's Whiskey, Bst. 31b. T.M.M. 100 h. ft.

JULY MEETING, 1833.
WEDNESDAY—Duke of Grafton's f. by St. Patrick apt
Lord Chesterfield's La Bayadare, by Leirathan. T.C.Y.
100 b. ft.

FIRST SPRING MEETING, 1834.
MONDAY.-Sweepstakes of 100 sovs. each, h. ft. D.M.
Lord Chesterfield's c. by Leirathan (31b.)
Lord Lichfield's Brother to Terry Alt.
Duke of Grafton's c. by Reveller.
Lord Verulam's f. by Mameluke (51b.)
CRAVEN MEETING, 1835
MONDAY.—Sir M. Wood's f. by Emilius or Lamp-
lighter, Bst. 51b. agst Mr. S. Stanley's 1. by Lamplighter,
Bst. 21b. D.M. 100 h. ft.
TUESDAY.—Sweepstakes of 100 b. ft. D.M.
Colonel Peel's c. by Emilius (31b.)
Mr. Mills's c. by Lapdog (31b.)
Mr. Vansittart's c. by Catton.
Mr. Roberts's ch. f. by Whisker.
Sir M. Wood's f.
Mr. Thornhill's c. by Emilius.
Goodwood races are fixed for the 14th of August.

The Royal William steam-ship arrived at
Leith, on Thursday night, in forty-five hours from London.
—Scotsman.

LITERARY NOVELTIES.—The following will
he published in the course of the present week, by Messrs.
COLBURN and BENTLEY, New Burlington-street :
I.

DRAMATIC STORIES, by T. ARNOLD, Esq.
11.
EXCURSIONS in INDIA. By Capt. SKINNER.
111.

The HIGHLAND SMUGGLERS. By J. B. FRA-
SER, Esq.

Iv.
PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE of a WOMAN of
FASHION.

V.
FORTUNE-HUNTING. By the Author of " First
Love."

THE ALHAMBRA, BY WASHINGTON IR-
vlttc.—These volumes will be read by all who have a
taste for the wild and pathetic with the greatest interest.
The desolate, yet grand scenery of Spain, that land of song
and chivalry ; the faded glories of the once-splendid Al-
himbra, sometime the habitation of the mighty potentates
of the earth—the bright-eyed beauties of the land dancing
the graceful bolero to the click of the castanet., are sketched
with a vividity and freshness that enchant the soul of the
reader, and make him fancy tbat he walks the sacred
ground where kings and warriors have so often trod.

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

Our courtly and Tory contemporary (the
Morning Post) writes yesterday that " there
are few things which have afforded us greater
gratification" than the attacks of the Libera
Press on Sir Robert Peel ! The Post then pro-
ceeds to a species of measured and ironical vin-
dication of the respective political characters of
the Right Hon. Baronet and the Duke of Wel-
lington. The reputation of the former mock
Statesman must be indeed reduced to a low ebb
when his defence is monopolized and exclusively
vested in the anti-Catholic Press, the only op-
position journals—the Morning Post, Stan-
dard, and John Bull. These three industrious
confederates, it will be recollected, were recently
the most bitter vituperators of Sir Robert Peel,
and they have lately taken the character of the
Right Hon. Baronet into their especial keeping.
The Post asserts that the Duke of Wellington
and Sir Robert Peel " are, in all essential points
of character, the antipodes of the present set of
Ministers." Comparisons are usually odious,
but this fact is the sum and substance of the un-
popularity of the two deceased statesmen ; and
we heartily hope that Ministers will maintain this
essential line of difference between themselves and
their antagonists, that they will cease to confer pa-
tronage on those from whom they thus differ, and
in every other respect become " wide as the Poles
asunder." The Post affects to believe that the
political warfare of the Independent Press against
these two disgraced public men originates in
the apprehension that they must inevitably sup-
plant a liberal Government. The Tories, indeed,
again to rule this nation ! A Reformed House
of Commons to work with a Tory Ministry,
based on Tory principles! Good God ! what
infatuation and pretended self-deceit ! The
womb of possibility could not produce such a
monstrous improbability as the duration of a
Tory Administration for twelve months. It is
notorious that the most sanguine calculations of
the Opposition do not expect 150 returns to
the new Parliament. We need only ask, how
could such a miserable phalanx maintain a Wel-
liugton, a Peel, or a Coalition Cabinet, in power,
againstsoo independent representatives ofthe peo-
ple, against the Press, and in opposition to public
opinion ? The very notion is preposterous.
If the present Cabinet cannot uphold itself,
how could any other set of men hold office
more aristocratic, and less consonant with the
just expectations and demands of the popular
party out of doors ? It matters not what is
or may be the opinion of the Court—it matters
not what may be the hedge-hog conduct of
the Opposition Peers—a Reformed House of
Commons will be a strait-waistcoat on the To-
ries, from the restraint of which they can never
escape. Schedules A and B were the fulcrum
of Tory domination ; with the extinction of the
rotten boroughs, deposited in those sacred sar-
cophagi, departed the body and soul of corrup-
tion. Sir Robert Peel, with lachrymose, but
doubtless sincere grief, pronounced, that if the
Reform Bills became law there would be no

government—meaning no more government of
the Boroughmongers—no more successful re-
sistance to necessary Reforms—no more suc-
cessful cant and political hypocrisy. The com-
bustible addition of increasing popular instruc-
tion and knowledge will further complete the
destruction of Toryism. Let not, therefore,
the Tories lay the flattering unction to their
souls; their return to power for 365 days is im-
possible. We are also much amused with the
artful nature of their attacks on the present Mi-
nisters. Having befouled the nest of office with
every description of corruption, and with accu-
mulated heaps of misgovernment, they turn on
their successors, and charge them with the non-
removal of difficulties created by Tories. We
wish Lord Grey had taken stock when he ac-
cepted office. He should have come down to
the House of Peers with a plain exposj of the
state of the country and of the Augean stable
of corruption. He should have drawn out
a debtor and creditor account. There was the
Debt—the Bank Claims—the Colonial System,
worn out and decaying for want of bold
repair—municipal institutions cankered with
time and grown out of fashion—the East India
monopoly—the difficulties of the slavery ques-
tion, mainly originating in the inhuman and im-
politic neglect of wise legislation—laws in con-
fused heaps—the penal code written in letters of
blood—the Court of Chancery a chaos of delay
and expense—the common law a mystery and a
crying nuisance—the utter absence of all provin-
cial or popular jurisdictions--corporations close,
corrupt, and detested—the very appearance of a
Mayor or Alderman the signal of a riot instead
of the King's peace—the Church for centuries
unreformed—tithes everywhere exclaimed against
and pluralists and Simoniacal non-residents
starving the working clergy, and outraging their
congregations—trade and cominerce awfully de-
pressed and burdened with an overwhelming tax-
ation—the currency strangled by arbitrary and
felonious legislative alterations, with Bank mo-
nopolies and usury laws overlaying commercial
enterprise and mechanic ingenuity—lreland a
scene of implacable party contests and a tithe
civil war—the utter absence of any system of
national education—the ancient and salutary
amusements of the people terminated—the while
civil, diplomatic, military, naval, and judicial
patronage of the State in the hands of tile To-
ries and political adventurers—the unpaid Ma-
gistracy ill-performing the labours of impartial
stipendiary jurisdictions—Swing nightly illumi-
nating the country—the people excited and rar-
ing at the refusal by Wellington and Peel of all
refbrms, great or small—our artificial balance
of power in Europe on the eve of breaking
down, and every State on the Continent strug-
gling for freedom against despotic Monarchs or
senseless aristocracies—the House of Peers
swamped by a century of Tory creations—the
House of Commons c
or,
tuwmpf
corrupt
Ispaila:ned rde t
unpopular
%oN o-
e
eerilet rds
rogreddm Grey returned
sart:aystmagnani-
mously lmost sttlt
ph
w(a)lsi t itchael aa
ventured to take the reins of power.
And what were the existirn, materials of a
liberal Cabinet ? How was Lord Grey, without
uniting many men of varying political principles,
successfully to propose, agree, or carry, under
such untoward and melancholy circumstances,
a measure of Parliamentary Reform sufficient
to satisfy the just and loudly expressed demands
of the people, thus to avert a direful revolution
and a chaos of society ? It is grossly, wilfully,
false in the Tories to assert that the people (11(1
not demand Reform—that the measure pro-
posed exceeded their demands. Administra-

tion of Lord Grey, on its formation, held out
to the public no promise or excitement of any
extensive measure of Parliamentary Reform.
Nay, it will be in the recollection of the whole
country that Lord Radnor, in a commc.aar,
dppprieal:ie.n silotn i
sof e
(it
uh i suff
notoriousci ei cy t oh!:
that
er
a speech of Lord Lansdowne, expressed his
ly
mstroneditated
best friends of the Ministers entertained similar

Misgivings. And what was the expressiot of.'
the public voice during the prorogation o
the Parliament in the Christmas of 1830-1 ,f
The loudest and most unanimous demands
for a complete extinction of the nomination
boroughs, for the enfranchisement of the
unrepresented populous towns, for the repeal
of the Septennial Act, and for the Ballot.
A more infamous and fraudulent charge was
never therefore brought against a Cabinet than
the base imputation that it was the vicious cause
and wilful promoter of political agitation. Such
were the extraordinary, the unparalleled difficul-
ties of the Government; and in this extraordi-
nary juncture it would be unjust and cruel not
to make due allow ante for the critical and con-
flicting difficulties which naturally affected the
opinions and conduct of the King. We cannot
altogether excuse the "wavering" of his Majesty,
but there is much to extenuate the mistakes into
which he fell. The King may still recover his
lost ground if he will boldly view the state of
parties—the impossibility of Tory succession to
office—and the just political requirements of his
subjects. But if, alas ! he should prove blind
to the times in which he lives, and to the irre-
sistible force of public opinion, fatal will it
speedily prove to the aristocrasy ! We cannot,
from policy or cowardice, withhold these plain
remarks on this the political crisis of our country.
We are desirous of refraining from all ungene-
rous or untimely strictures on the political con-
duct of the present Cabinet apart from the great
question of Reform. Its difficulties have been
enormous, and miraculously surmounted ; its
future character and existence will be tested
by its on-going measures in a Reformed
Parliament. If it precede public opinion,
by the introduction of sound and moderate,
but decided and specific Reforms, great will
be its power, and long its duration. If it
fail to realize the public expectation, the Whigs
as a party will sink to rise no more. The
Tories will not long glory in their fall; their
complete extinction will speedily follow, and it
may be that great political changes will be forced
on the country before the people are prepared
for them by popularized institutions and public
instruction. The plough must precede the har-
row, if the land is to yield a goodly product.
But we repeat, that nothing can be more scan-
dalous, factious, or disingenuous, than for the
Tories to charge their misgovernment on the
Cabinet of Lord Grey. The Morning Post,
in the article we allude to, twits Lord Brougham
with the Augean filth of the Court of Chancery
—Lord Althorp with the distresses of the na-
tion—and Lord Melbourne with the jeopardy of
life and property in Irelend ! And the Tories,
who were the real agitators, and the creators of
these miserable national evils, are, forsooth, to be
intrusted with the remedies and cure ! Lord
Eldon, Mr. Goulburn, and Sir Robert Peel, are
to be recalled to the Court of Chancery, the
Exchequer and the Home Office ! These are
the " business men" who are to save the nation
from evils of their own creation ! Certain, how-
ever, it is, that when the Reform Bills are law, and
dusing the recess Ministers must open their
eyes a little wider. Extensive and practical
measures of civil, municipal and Church
Reform must be agreed to and prepared ; the
national burdens and distress must be fully inves-
tigated and remedied, as far as possible ; the em-
barrassed state ofthe country must be fairly viewed
and dealt with ; the patronage of every depart-
ment of the Government must be conferred on
friends, not foes ; practical men must be called
to their counsel and aid ; Ministers must fear-
lessly rest on the pillars of public opinion. They
must become aware that the tenure of office is
now distinct from that of recent times. But
never was there such a foundation for an era-
lightened and stable Ministry. If the Cabinet
realizes the public expectation, and discerns the
signs of the times, it will receive a combined
support of the ranks of property and intelligence,
such as no Ministry has ever enjoyed. The
country is grateful for the fulness of Parlia-
mentary Reform, and admires the integrity dis-
played by Lord Grey in its successful accom-
plishment. The people have behaved nobly and
unanimously ; let the Premier not be jealous or
mistrustful of them ; let him zealously consult
their real interest with no fears of the conse-
quences ; they will be true to him. The moral
influence of the Duke of Wellington is dissolved.
The artificial and superficial powers of Sir Ito-
bert Peel are transparent and " seen through
.His very looks and Silenus expression, which
everybody remarks, betoken his political de-
spair ; and he wanders alone and dis-
consolate through the purlieus of the house
of Commons, palpably aware that his " game is up."
His personal adherents even complain of his
coldness and party apathy. Can such a man
rule a reformed House of Commons, who has
been found out in the last unreformed assembly,
even though lie should hereafter think it his po-
licy "to turn quite round," and outbid the
present Ministry in promised Reforms ? Such
a revolution of party policy is not impossible ; it
is openly talked of by the Wellington and Peel
partisans and hangers-on as the only tactics left
to regain office, and allow them to spit their bit-
ter venom and malignity against the authors of
the Reform Bills. The last article in the last
Numbs; of Frazer's Magazine, entitled " A
GrDwl at the Lords," concludes with the follow-
ing apposite example and indication :—" In a
word, Torn, I can see nothing for the Tories
but the instant and unflinching advocacy of
Universal Suffrage—aye, Universal Suffrage,—
suffrage for everybody, without any exception on
any score whatever, except not even a thief!
Thief any day before Whig." This merry-go.
round of political opinion explains the mystery
of the palpable coalition between Mr. Henry
Hunt and the Anti-Reformers ; and we under-
stand that the Leeds Tories are advocating
.the
Ballot as a sine qua non.—Morning Chront&.
In the discussion on the motion of re-com-
mitting the Bill for the abolition of the punish-
ment of death in the case of offences against pro-
perty, Lord Tenterden and Lord Eldon contend-
ed, that till an effective secondary punishment
should be discovered, it was essential to the pro-
tection of property to retain capital punishments
for offences against property. But however ef-
ficacious capital punishments might be in re-
straining men from the commission of offences
against property, they can only be efficacious ii
the law is really carried into execution. It
might as well be said that men will be deterred
from ir:.velling in stage-coaches and in steam-
boats because occasionally a stage-coach breaks
down and a boiler bursts, as that men will re-
frain from stealing in the dwelling-house becaust
one man in a hundred of those capitally con-
victed is left for execution. The Lord Chan-
cellor demolished the arguments of Lord,
Tenterden and Eldon by a few plain filets

He said :
" His objection was, that the punishment had been si
long denounced without being executed, that the denun-
ciation was inoperative on the criminal. Under existint
circumstances, it must needs be an empty threat. Lki
the case of sheep-stealing, for instance, and it appeared

hat in 1981 elntenee liadbeen pawed on 16.2 cases, and

only one was execute& I❑ the case of horse-stealing, i❑

;he same year, 123 sentences had been passed, and not one

was _ exeiuteti; and as to the stealing to the amount

of five pounds in the dwelliug-house, one hundred
capital sentences were recorded, and not one was
executed. So that here there were 385 sentence*,
and only one execution. Out of 1,108 capital sentence*
for crimes against property, only 11 had been executed;
so that the criminal had 99 chances out of 100 in his fa-
vour. For this reason, it was notorious that the denun-
ciation was a dead letter, and had little effect on the
criminal."

Lord Eldon said—
" He must state to their Lordships that, according to
his experience, the fear of death did very often operate to
prevent the commission of those crimes against which it
was directed. He remembered a particular case, that the
Judges having found a great number of horses stolen, had
declared that on the next Circuit they would leave every
min for execution who was found guilty of that offence.
He believed that between that and the next Circuit, not
one horse was stolen in all England ; so that the Judges
were saved by that fact, from putting into execution the
denunciation they had previously made."
Credat Judceas Apella ! If his Lordship
had made th e acquaintance of any horse.stealer
at that period, we have no doubt he could have
told him a very different story. He could have
told him that horse-stealing is a branch of
thieving that is carried on extensively in this
country, and without intermission ; that there are
regular depots for the stolen horses in different
parts of the country ; that there are great facilities
for disposing of the stolen horses, in modes
that render discovery peculiarly difficult ; that
after having run in a night coach for a month or
two, a fine horse is so much changed in appear-
ance, that the owner would hardly own it. We
believe that the threat of the Judges had no more
effect on this branch of thieving than the broom
of Dame Partington had on the Atlantic Ocean.
But even allowing that it had, this supposes the
belief of the thieves that the law would he car-
ried into effect. The thieves, however, are too
sagacious in these days to believe that the law
will be carried into effect in a wholesale way.
They know that prosecutors would not come
forward, and Juries would hesitate to convict,
were the punishment to be carried into effect.
Lord Tenterden observed, that
" It was said that prosecutors abstained from prose-
cuting out of humanity. He knew that such professions
were made ; but be did not believe they were always we `l
founded, for many prosecutors acknowledged that it was to
save themselves trouble."
The Lord Chancellor, with reference to this,
observed—

" It might be that, in some instances, persons who
ought to prosecute held back, on the plea of humanity,
when the real case was, to save themselves expense and
trouble; but in many cases it was beyond a doubt the pro-
secutors and witnesses were deterred by the s,verity of the
denunciation."
