" THE SUN"

CONTINUES TO PUBLISH THE
EXTRAORDINARY EDITION,

I N

G 0 L D,

GIVING ALL THE DETAILS OF
THE CORONATION-THE FAIP.S,
REJOICINGS, AND EVERY PAR-
TICULAR OF INTEREST CON-
NECTED WITH THIS AUGUST
CEREMONY.

This day was published, in `vc-14. Bvo., price 365. in cloth.
THE DOCTRI',NE OF THE DELUGE ;
vindicating th'. Scriptural Account from the doubts which
have recently been ast upon it by Geological Speculations.
Rev. L. VERNON HARCOURT.
London : Longman, Orme, and Co.

PUBLISHED UNDER THE AUTHORITY OF GOVERN-

MENT.
Now ready, in royal 4t0., containing Ten Coloured Engravings,
Part 1., Price lOs ,
ILLUSTRATIONS OF

THE ZOOLOGY OF SOUTH AFRICA :
Comprising figures of all the new species of Quadrupeds,
Birds, Reptiles, and Fishes, obtained during the expedition, fitted
out by " The Cape of Good Hope Association for exploring Central
Africa," in the years 1834, 1835, and:lB36, with Letter Press de-
scriptions, and a Summary of African Zoology. The whole of the
Plates will be: engraved in the highest style of Art, from the Ori-
ginal Drawings taken expressly for this work,' and beautifully co-
loured after Nature.
By ANDREW SMITH, M.D.
Surgeon to the Forces, and Director of the Expedition.
„,* Part 11., with Ten coloured Plates, will be published on
the 23d inst.

Smith, Elder and Co., Cornhill.

The publication of nut SUN NEWSPAPER commenced this day
• :. _ .

at 30 minutes past Three o' Clock.

WITH WHICH
THE « TRUE SUN" IS NOW

INCORPORATED.

LONDON :
`WEDNESDAY EVENING, JULY 18, 1838.

We are indebted to the votes of the House of Com-
mons for a knowledge of the fact that there is at present
before it—and in a very advanced stage too—a Bill pre-
pared and brought in by the Right Hon. the PRESIDENT
of the BOARD of TRADE, for amending" An Act of the
first year of her present Majesty, for better enabling her
Majesty to confer certain powers and immunities on
trading and other Companies"—or in other words a new
Patent Right Bill. This very important measure, of which
one person in a thousand therein interested has never yet
heard of the existence, was reported last night, and stands
for a third reading to-morrow—so that unless some
Member of the House of Lords penetrate the mystery in
which it is involved, it will become the law of the land before
a single Patentee or incorporated trading Company has an
opportunity of expressing an opinion as to its probable ef-
fect upon the interests of the community. The Bill which
this measure proposes to amend received the Royal assent
on the 7th of July, 1837, and it was not one month on the
statute book before it was discovered to be one mass
of absurdities and contradictions. From all quarters
complaints were addressed to the PRESIDENT of the
BOARD of TRADE on the subject ; and now,
after a whole year spent in complete inaction,
we discover the fruits of the Right Hon. Gentleman's
Legislative cogitations smuggling through Parliament, in
the shape of a ricketty bantling, not one jot less absurd and
impracticable than the original abortion of which it pur-
ports to be an amendment. We confess we are astonished to
witness such a recklessness ofthe interests of a great commer-
cial body in the public conduct of a British Minister.
Why was not the amended Bill printed nine months ago,
and copiesof itofficially addressed to every incorporated Com-
pany in the United Kingdom, in order that they might make
themselves acquainted with its proposed enactments, and
communicate with the Board of Trade on the subject ?
Why were not even the usual steps taken to invite the
usual share of public attention to a Bill affecting the na-
tional interests? How happened it that this particular
Bill reached the eve of a third reading, without
even attracting the vigilant attention of the reporters
for the London Press ? They cannot be suspected
of a neglect of duty ; and therefore it rests with the PRESI-
DENT of the BOARD of TRADE to account to the country,
and to the Companies concerned, for the silence which has
hitherto been observed respecting it. That such a Bill
did not attract the attention of some Liberal Member of
the House of Commons, before passing through Com-
mitter, is little creditable to the vigilance of a reformed
Parlament.

The Lords were animated last night and • busy, as if
they have received a warning that they have, as a talking
body, but a short time to live. The Earl of WINCHILSEA
borrowing his facts from' a leading article of the Times,
insisted on being told, in spite of any public inconvenience
which might arise, whether Sir JOHN COLBORNE were
coming home from Canada ; whether Mr. GIBBON WAKE-
FIELD had received an appointment under the Govern-
ment ; and whether more troops were going to
Canada ? Lord MELBOURNE stated that Sir Jolts Cot-
Bora wished to return to his native country, that more
troops were not required, and that he knew nothing of Mr.
WAKEFIELD'S appointment. Two of these questions seem
legitimate enough ; but if a Peer, from some peculiar strict-
tress of hie morality, may raise a public outcry against indi-
viduals, he may virtually engross the power of appointing
to public offices. Mr. GIBBON WAKEFIELD'S writings attest
his great abilities. Mr. TURTON is also a clever man, but we
only speak of him from hearsay. Both in their youth have
been guilty of offences for which we offer neither apology
nor excuse ; but, we w•sh to make Lord WINCHILSEA
aware that if his rule had been followed, we are sure it
would have deprived the State of the services of Lord
NELSON ; and we believe that even the Duke of WEL-
LINGTON might, in the full tide of his victories, have been
placed on half-pay. In filing the offices of the
State, it will not do to follow the rule which
ought, but report says does not (see the 2. furning Chronicle
a few weeks back) dictate the selection of Bishops. If a
holy life were alone or chiefly to be kept in view, Mr.
PLUMPTEE should probably be Prime Minister ; Sir H.
INGLIS Firt Lord of the Admiralty ; F. lend ALLEN
should be male Lead Chancellor, and Dr. BUNTING
she,Aid command the Fle•it. But under Mieisters,
Generals, and Admirals, chosen as in the time. of
the fifth Monarchy men fur their moral and religious
qualities, the intere.its of the pubic wool(' be likely
to suffer, To serve the public abilities are . squired, as
well as a proper feeling of religion ; and Lord IN IN-
0014as rule, which might suit a monastery, is wholly
Inapplicable to the world. His miserable, wretched, un-
manly, and repeated attempts to raise or revive a
public prejtace against clever men, by statements winch
they, being absent, can neither answer nor explain, on account
of immoralities, the latest of which is about ten years old,
end is only remembered or known by the currency given
to it by those despised vehicles of information, the public
journals, is wholly unworthy of a legislator and statesman.
After these questions had been answered, Lord Witaitel-
CLIFFE repeated the attack on the LOAD CHANCELLOR for

daring to eiv.ibt magistrates without the sanction of kth';`:,
Le.rol Lieutenant, the Earl of fiwaEwontsl'lc'ti was made
some time back. The plo;‘,. MIA simple answer was that
by law, it is the HANCELLOR'S duty to appoint the
magistrates, lie is the responsible person, and yet he lins
ee'c passed any Lord Lieutenant by, except the Lord
Lieutenant, from some ridiculous feeling of wounded vanity
and di-loyal obedienze, has refused to communicate with
him on the subject. Tie plain fact is, that the Lord
Lieutenants being mostly of one party, all members of the
law Church, and living only in the society of Tories and
Churchmen, never receive any recommendations to pLce
Liberals and Dissenters On the bench. A practical ex-
clu.ion, greatly to the unpopularity and injury of the
Bench iv.the consequence. This fact is well-known, and
the CHANCELLOR having ascertained it, and having also as-
certained in some cases that persons not Tories and not
Churchmen are worthy of scats on the Bench, he has, as
in duty bound, put them into the Commission. He has
broke through the practical Tory rule of exclusion, and
among the monopolists there is growling, grumbling, and
surly discontent. We are sorry to see the Duke of
WELLINGTON allowing his personal feelings on the subject
to get the better of his sense of justice, and join the dis-
appointed rabids in assailing what he knows to be a proper
principle and a virtuous practice.
The report on the Irish Municipal Bill was afterwards
received, and the third reading appointed for Friday next.
It will be remembered that when the Bill was committed
Lord LyNDHURST made a speech, and introduced his
amendments. They were not then discussed, but were to
be printed and taken into consideration on the report. Last
night, however, with the exception of a short bilt sensible
speech from Lord MELBOURNE, some pointed observations
from Lord BROUGHAM, and some very proper remarks by
Lord HATHERTON, the report was received; and the
amendments underwent no discussion whatever. Yet
Lord MELBOURNE describedthem as numerous, complicated,
and technical, which the want of time had not allowed either
him or the CHANCELLOR to consider ; and Lord HATHER-
TON described them as giving the Bill a totally new political
character. It is no longer at all likely to answer the end—
that of giving self-government to the towns of Ireland,
for which it was proposed. Lord MELBOURNE, howe-
ver, because we must say he cannot help himself, as•
sented to the report, and declared that he does not
mean on this account to abandon the Bill. As we
expected, he will accept the 101. franchise. But will
the Commons adopt Lord LYNDHURST'S Bill? A sense of
dignity, whatever Ministers may wish, ought to prevent them.
The Bill is completely a new Bill. It is forced on the
Lords by the Tories, without consideration or discussion.
Escaping all forms, by introducing it when in Committee
on another Bill with the same or a similar title, it will go
through but two stages in the Lords, instead of five ,
and sent down to the Commons, if wrcepted there,
will there go through only one instead of five. Such
legislation, even if the Commons were to consent
to impose a Tory law on Ireland, would command no re-
spect. A Bill which will not answer their purpose, cannot
be assented to after one discussion. Will the Commons
give a triumph to Lord LvrantußsT, and with their eyes
open sanction a Tory trick? We hope not. And, then,
if the session end by doing no good, it will not, at least
in this instance, consecrate oppression accomplished by
trickery.

A Morning Contemporary, who much delights in ho•
nouring the law—not the Christian—Church, dwells with
much emphasis and unction this morning on the fact
that " oppression has at length laid down its iron scourge,
and cast away the iron sceptre of its terrible dominion, in
obedience to the mighty power of Christian civilization."
The Herald takes credit with much justice, for its own
efforts in contributing to " the triumph which public opi-
nion in England has achieved over the tyranny of Wes-
tern India ;" and it must be stated, to our Contemporary's
honour, that he has laboured assiduously in obedience to
the great principle of humanity which it is the pride of
the Herald steadily to have advocated, to bring
about that happy consummation of which we are all
now hailing the approach. But, when - our Con-
temporary speaks of this as the triumph of Chris-
tian civilization, we are rather surprised that it should not
have added that, little or no part of the triumph is due to
the law-made Church, and that he should not have done
justice to those various classes of Dissenters, by whose ex-
ertions, under Providence, while oppressed, thwarted, and
despised by the law Church, and very often in direct op-
position to its views, the present triumph of Christian ci-
vilization has been achieved. The unestablished Quakers,
the slighted Methodists, the pious Moravians, the enthusi-
astic Baptists, the calmer Independents, are the denomirc-
tions of Christians which have taken the lead in this good
and great work ; and if any section or portion of the law
Church have contributed to the same end, it is principally
that portion which is called Evangelical, and which
is considered to be an out-cast Sect by the sub-
lime Oxford Doctors, who embody in themselves all
the refinement and excellencies of the law Church.
We only say thus much to claim honour for those
to whom honour is due ; and to insist, if the putting
an end to slavery be a triumph of Christian civilization—
after Christianity has held dominion over man's heart and
man's morals for more than a thousand years, that very
slavery which is now abolished having wholly come into
existence under its auspices, and after the law Church was
established without one frown or censure from it--if the
present abolition of slavery be a triumph of Christian civi-
lization, we must insist that it is a triumph of which our
law Church can claim little or no part.

Without the most sleepless vigilance on the part of the
Parliament and people of England, we may prepare our-
selves for the revival of the Slave Trade in British India.
In our columns of this day will be found extracts from the
Demerara and Bombay Gazettes, which demonstrate the
preparations which have been set on foot for carrying on
this vile traffic, under the pretext of freighting cargoes of
" free labourers !" from Calcutta to our colonies in the West
Indies. The people of England will learn with equal surprise
and indignation, that the house of HENLEY, DAWSON, and
BESTEL, of Calcutta, have opened a regular communication
the West India Planters, offering to supply them with
cargoes of Coolies, or East India mountaineers, on terms
which consign the poor ignorant labourers to five years of
virtual slavery, at a rate of wages, three-fourths less
than is paid for free labourers in any of the West
Indian Islands. A form of agreement it is true is ap-
pended, and some pains are taken to mislead the
people of his country into a belief that the Coolies are
bonalide parties to it; but the extract which we have
made from the Bombay Gazette proves that they arc the
victims of a regular system of impressment. The Ca!-
cutta slave-dealers employ a number of stout fellows
nho:e business it is to prowl about the streets, and
whenever they meet with a simple-looking native, to en-
tice him into some public-house, where the poor wretch
is bullied into a belief that he has engaged him-
self as a labourer, to be shipped off to the West
Indies. As the discovery of such deeds would lead to a
prosecution on the part of the authorities, the persons en-
gaged in this abominable traffic are compelled, in self-de-
fence, to conceal their victims in some filthy den, till
they can procure a sufficient number to render a voyage to
any of the West India Islands a profitable speculation.
While thus confined the Coolies, knowing nothing of what is
to them, and ignorant of the consequences of any act they may
be required to perform, are easily brought to authorise the
signing of a document of the exact purport of which they
know no more than the man in the moon. Thu: the entire
transaction is a gross fraud—a cruel wrong inflicted upon
an innocent, unsuspicious race of British subjects, by men
wl.O blush not to set the laws of Gen and man at
defiance, to advance their pecuniary interests. We
trust, however, that the people of England will not
patiently endure the revival of a traffic, for the sup-
pression of which they have already paid the enor-
mous sum of twenty millions sterling-, merely be-
cause the seat of it is changed from Africa to Asia, and
that those engaged in it have had the marvellous conde-
scension to call it by anew name. From the language of
the Court of Directors of the East India Company, and
the manner in which this subject has been alluded to in
Parliament, we have no reason to suspect that the Govern-
ment will be wanting in any endeavour to protect the
native population of British India.

In moving last night that the Report on the Irish
Corporation Bill should be received, Lord MELBOURNE
took occasion to state his strong objection to the

„iteration which their Lordships, at the instigation
of the ” alien" Baron, had made in the treasure.
Much, however, as he disapproved of those altera-
tions, be did not feel himself justified in refusing to
proceed with the Bill, but intimated to the House his in-
teation to move, on the third reading, that certain towns
should ba added to schedule A, and another schedule
introduced, containing some other towns to which he
thought municipal government might be given, with a
lower rate of qualification than that which .their Lordships •
had been pleased to fix for those which are contained in
the Bill. We do not anticipate much success for these
motions ; but we think the Noble Lord has exercised a
sound discretion in not abandoning the measure in conse-
quence of the " alien" amendments. The worst of these,
no d eibt, is the 101. qualification. Taking the compare_
tire value of houses in Ireland and in England, a 101. qua-
lification in the former country is at least equal to a 141.
or 151. one in the latter. ''here are, however, ways
and means of getting over the difficulty of the high quali-
fication, the employment of which we regard as one of the
greatest mischiefs in the Bill as it has been altered. It
is allowed on all hands that house property in Ireland is
estimated much under its value—a house estimated at 101.
is worth perhaps 15/. A system of rating at rack
rent will be adopted; and as all will be rated on the same
principle, there will be no real injury suffered by any, while
the qualification will be reduced in amount as much
as the difference between the two scales. In this
there can be no objection in point of fairness.
We fear, however, that the provision which allows
the 101. qualificiation to be made up partly of
taxes, and repairs may open a door to fraud. Nothing ap-
pears to us more easy to be effected than such a collusion
between the parties concerned, as might swell these items
to half the amount of the qualification. The guilt of
this fraud must rest with the Tory faction in the House of
Lords. Their aim is to limit the constituency up to 'a
Conservative point ; but in this they will find themselves
as grievously disappointed as they were when they raised
the Parliamentary franchise from 40s. to 101.

By the arrival of the steamer Sirius from New York,
whence she sailed on the 30th of June, we have received
a file of American Journals of that date. The defeat of
the Sub-Treasury scheme is a subject of hearty congratu-
lation in all the anti-Van Burenite journals. The following
extracts from them include what intelligence they bring of
a novel or interesting character :
(From the New York Journal of Commerce of June 29.)
FROM THE NORTHERN FRONTIER.
We have been favoured with the following extract of a letter dated
aFnado NfiTni
find
at,
this
'pp ac we a
in, U. C.,t
excitementJu, 21
" I arrived her.e‘ NIAGARA
to.day,
owing to a battle which took place last night at Short Hills, about 12
JUNG
miles hence, between a mounted troop of 100 British lancers and
about 2,000 patriots. It resulted in the loss of four lancers, and the
capture of nearly all the rest. The patriots are fast gaining ground,
and will not recede until they succeed or are exterminated. This place
is garrisoned with 500 infantry, the 24th regiment, and the lancers,
besides volunteers. Every person is thoroughly searched before he can
leave the place.
" The steam boat which lands the passengers from Buffalo is searched
They fear very much an eruption in this place, and for that reason every
hotel is under guard, and every passage secured by armed men. A
body of United States troops are quartered in Buffalo, and General
Brady and several other officers left this morning for Detroit."
FROM TII Faovrlvß.—The Rochester Democrat of Tuesday says,
the British steam boat, Experiment, at Toronto, has been purchased
and manned by the Colonial Government to go against the buccanier
Bill Johnson, among the Thousand Isles. About 200 of the 32d
Regiment have gone from Hamilton, Upper Canada, to the Short
Hills, and on Saturday 250 more regulars were on their march
from St. Catherine's to the same destination; also Governor Arthur
with 100 from Queenston. General Clitherow has arrived at
Montreal. It is rumoured the Patriots at the Short Hills robbed
the Dutchmen whose house they burned of 2,000 dollars. Chaundler
their leader, before he was arrested, snapped his musket and
knocked down two or three of the assailants with the butt end of it.
The person who was ploughing in the field, and with whom he was con-
versing, was shot. Chaundler was summarily tried, and to be shot, it
is said, on Monday last. The Patriots are said to have five magistrates,
whom they threaten to hang if Chaundler is executed. The regulars
and militia in the vicinity of the Short Hills exceed I,soo—the Patriots
number 600. It is again rumoured Bill Johnson has destroyed the
William IV. steamer.

The list of steam-boat catastrophes which meet the eye is appalling.
The North St. Louis split her steam pipe, scalded a number of persons,
and caused a negro woman to be drowned. The steamer Muscogee had
been wrecked. The steamer Tomechichi had burst her boiler, and in-
jured a number of persons. The steamer Beaver had a like misfortune,
and the Varenncs had been destroyed by fire.
The loss of life by the ;Pulaske proves happily less than at first
supposed. In alt fifty-nine lives were known to have been saved when
the Sirius left.

. .
The Commercial Intelligencer, of the 29th June, contains the follow-
ing announcement :
" Mr. Papineau and lady arrived at Albany on Tuesday last. The
Evening Journal says, this gentleman was for nearly thirty years
speaker of the Lower Canada Parliament, and is a distinguished ad-
vocate for the rights of the people."
(From the Philadelphia Daily Advertiser, of June 30.)
THE SUB-TREASURY SCHEME.

The loss of the sub.treasury i■ a decided and overwhelming
political defeat of this Administration. Had Congress allowed
the public moneys to have been under the control of the Exe.
cutive—had the treasury safes, iron closets, and the host of
receivers general been sanctioned by Congress, the floodgates
of corruption would have been thrown open, and kept open
until after the presidential election. The people's money
placed beyond their control, accountability, that polar star of
public safety, neglected or lost sight of, a systematic plan
would have been adopted to harass every institution in the country, and
every interest in the land unfriendly to the present man in power ; the
word would have been, "surrender or die," and the polls would hare
been surrounded by partisans, with the people's money in their pockets,

to influence votes.
It is a miraculous escape—it is a glorious triumph.
It is true that the practice under the Sub-Treasury Bill will be con.
tinued, unless the bet bank system is revived—but the process is illegal
and unauthorised, and although it may check the freedom of enterprise,
and still impede the channels of trade, the great political objects in view
have been defeated, and the Whig cause sustained.
(From the Correspondent of the Morning Chronicle.)
PHILADELPHIA, JUNI 30.—Congress has at length sealed the fate of
the Sub. Treasury Bill—that favourite—l had almost said that test.
measure of Mr. Van Buren's administration. Notwithstanding that
every nerve was strained by those in power to secure its success, yet it
was defeated by a majority which was by no means contemptible. The
numbers were—Ayes, 125 ; Noes, 111. This event took place on Mon.
day night, and by middle day, Tuesday it was generally known in the
Atlantic cities, where the rejoicings of the Whig party for the time being
knew no bounds.
An attempt was made on Tuesday to obtain a vote in favour of re.
considering the question, but that shared even a worse fate than the
Bill itself, only 21 ayes being in its favour, while it was rejected by 205
noes. On the following day Mr. Webster's Bill in the Senate was
brought forward, and followed by a Bill introduced by Mr. Buchanan,
having for its object " to make special deposits of the public money in
the banks." There can be no difficulty, however, in predicting that
this measure will, like all its predecessors of the same family, be con.
signed to " the tomb of the Capulets."—From the New York Daily
Whig of the 29th of June.
The wheat crops now being gathered in Virginia, Pennsylvania, and
Maryland, is said to exceed the crops of many years past.
Sales at the Philadelphia Exchange yesterday, 2,000 dollars drafts on
New York, 101;; United States Bank, 125.
MEXICO,
JUNE 13.—8 y the arrival of the frigate Constellation, Corn.
Dallas, from Mexico, the New Orleans True Ames lean has news from
Tampico. This town was still blockaded. The frigate brought 150,000
dollars in specie.
The New Orleans Bee has information that Santa Ana had been
placed in command of the troops at Vera Cruz, and had determined to
resist the French, It was the intention of the French to bombard Vera
Cruz. United States sloops of war Boston and l'andalla were at Vera
Cruz, and the Ontario was at Tampico.
MONEY MARKET.—CITY, JUNE 29.

STOCKS —The doings at the Stock Board to-day, were again large,
and at prices about the same as yesterday and the
day before. The
following are the crosing rates;—Banks—Phenix, 106 i; Union, 117;
State, 104 i ; Delaware and Hudson, 84} ; Morris Canal, 70 ; Illinois,
105. Trust Companies—Ohio, 110 ; Allit.'lCall, 115. Railroads—
Mohawk, 731 ; Paterson, 60 ; New Jersey, 105} ;
Bos-
ton and Providence, 106 ; Stoaington, 55} ; Uttica, 121} ; Long
Island, 59i. Canton Company, 531 ; Illinois Land Company, 55. At
the Second Board, prices Were rather more depressed, but no very es.m
stial falling off'.
MECHANICS' EXCHANG2 ASSOCIATION.—We are glad to learn that
Harlem, 68 ; Bos.
the mechanics and other wealthy and respectable citizens have come
forward and subscribed liberally to the stock ; so much so, that a suffi-
cient sum is already subscribed to insure its organization and commence-
ment. The books remain open to-day.
This is the season of halfyearly dividends.
The Atlantic Marine has declared a half.yearly divideed of 15 per cent.
The Uiii• et States Fire Insurance Company has declared a half-yearly
dividend of 5 per cent.
The Tradesmen's Bank has declared a half.yearly dividend of 5
per cent.
The Lafayette Bank has declared a half-yearly dividend of 4 per cent.
The Directors of the Boston and Worcester Railroad have declared
a dividend of 3 per cent. for the last six months, payable on the 9th of
July, to the holders of stock on the 30th instant.

The Paiis journal; of Monday contain no news of any
political interest. The latest Madrid papers are of the
9th instant, but they too are more than usually barren of
interesting intelligence. The Senate was engaged with the
extraordinary War Tax Bill, with the passing of which it
was expected that the present Session of the Cortes would
close. General NARVAEZ has been appointed Corn-
tnander-General of the provinces of Toledo and la Man-
cha—so that he will no longer have to complain of being
oouunrndaelds.:_
thwarted in the discharge of his duties by baydeGfievneerbaulnQdruei-i
ILOGA. Oa the 28th ult. a column of Christino; attacked
giavraei iroselfsesxa:tvreaCrcaatisl :feac:l,e:r,eltyh
Admiral Jurion de Lagravicra, Naval Prefect of Toulon, has ad-
aP
°rl'noliloto'feltl,,uin:l;
dres,ed the following circular letter to the several Members of the Navy
department of that port :

"Toulon, July 9, 1838.
" Sir—Admiral Stopford, and the officers of this squadron, would not
quit Toulon without expressing their deep sense of the kind reception
they have
to me,i ,h
havet met with.
attentionsth.‘No `Nothing
with whichcanex weeeedt;av'se baysetel:ie Admiral, in a
overwhelmed in
our private and public intercourse. I consider the magnificent fete
given to us last night as a manifestation of the good feelings existing
towards the British nation—feelings which respond so well to my Go..
verinnent's desire of cultivating them for the maintenance of die peace
and happiness of the world.' It is with satisfaction that I convey to the
several corps of the navy such sentiments, and I request you to 6ommu.
nieate them to the officers under your command.-1 am,
(Signed) "JURIEN."
We publish at the end of our journal the comparative view of the
revenue for I 8, compared with that of 1836 and 1837.
It appears front this view that on the first question of 1838 there was,
an increase of 2,144,000 francs, and in the second quarter of 8,054,000
francs, above the receipts in 1836, and in comparison with 1837 there
was in the first quarter of 183 S an increase of 3,971,000 francs, and in
the second quarter of 7,668,000 francs, which makes an increase of

11,639,000 francs in the first two quarters of 1835 in comparison of the
first two quarters of 1337,—Journal de Franrfort, July 16.

The Courier Francais has the flllowl,,g letter •
• '6 FRANKFORT, JULY 11.
Three of the most influential Members of the German Diet go to
Toplitz to choose Wares ; they have been summoned, as well as the Pre-
sident. There are besides six or seven Members of Hesse, Oldenburg,

Hanover, &c., who are to form part of that meeting, and after all that
is unfortunately known of their persons, it is now difficult to judge what
political spirit will prevail at Toplitz.
" A particular police is organised to insure secrecy.
" Writers, journalists, editors, will be, nay, arc already, at Toplitz,
to assist in this work of darkness and retrogradation.
" The French Government is very far from being a stranger to this
great project : the fetters imposed on the French press in Germany are
in some manner the act of your Ministry, for most of the prosecutions
arise originally from the information sent by the police "
VIENNA, JULY 6 —The English Ambassador, Sir Frederick Lamb,
is gone to Marienbad. Mr. Mt Gregor, who has been carrying on com-
mercial negotiations for the English Government, is gone to Berlin.
Frock Achtned Paella has arrived here from Italy, on his way to London.
In the Smyrna Journal wfr find it stated, under the head of Constan.
tinople, 9711) ult., that the whole of the Ottoman fleet was to sail on the
29th, or at latest on the 9,1 instant. After two or three days, which
were to be employed in taking in provisions at Saa Stefano, or Gallipoli,
the squadron was to be joined by the Capitan Pacha on board one of the
Government steamers, and was then to pursue its destination, which is
not at present known. The Porte has notified to the Ambassadors of
the diffaient Powers that the naval division is merely to visit Mytelene,
Chia, and Rhodes, and afterwards, perhaps, Tripoli. Ashkar Pacha
was to embark on board the Capitan Pacha's ship to proceed to the Re-
gency of Tripoli, of which he was to take the command. It was re-
ported at Constantinople that a Russian officer had bee❑ sent to
Alexandria with dispatches for the Russian Consul-General, enjoining
him to notify to Mehemet Ali that the Emperor Nicholas for nally dis-
approved of his conduct towards the Porte, and urged him to abandon
his pretensions without delay. The sanatory state of the capital con.
. .

tinned to be satisfactory, and for several days no new case of plague
had occurred. A slight shock of earthquake had bran felt at Constar_
tinoPle on the morning of the 24th. During a violent storm which
occurred on the 16th, the lightning struck the tower of Galata and
killed the keeper of it. In consequence, of this the Government has
ordered all public buildings to be immediately fitted with lightning
conductors.

FRENCH FUNDS.—PAats, JuLY 16.
LATEST PRICES.
Five per Cents. II If. 45c.
Three per Cents., SOL. Usc.
Bank Actions, 2,600 f.
Romans, 102.
Belgian Loan, 1033.
Belgian Bank, 1,442 f. sOc.
Spanish Actives, 23K,
Spanish Passives, 5.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY).

CORN EXCHANGE.

There have been small arrivals of most kinds of Grain this week, and
not much Flour. The weather continuing very favourable, the buyers
to-day are slow to purchase. Wheat remains the same as on Monday.
In other Grain there is not any variation. Little is doing in the Flour
trade this week, at former prices.

F
cl.'-%
.
;roe.
• --. :ft( ,l' ',. ,
a
. .
•,-..:.._ .
• ... .
~....c.

f)re ii::.(ll,+
