THE SECRET VIOLENCE OF DESPERATE MEN

CANNOT BE SUPPRESSED, AND THE CONCEN

TRATED MASS WILL BUT DISPERSE IN A
MILLION OF INCENDIARIES." Whatever may be
the taste of others, we have no wish that the free and
merrie land of our forefathers should become a prey to
the complicated honors of West India slavery.
We have, in conclusion, one word to say as to the
accuracy and knowledge of the reporter upon whom
the Chronicle founds its opinion. In his yesterday's
report from Manchester he referred with considerable
indignation to a speech of Mr. DEEGAN, referring to
s book which recommends a sweeping system of infan-
ticide, and he censured the orator very severely for
coining such a tale, and he mocked at the ignorant people
for believing the wicked fable. His own humanity
would not allow him to believe in the possible'e-
istence of such a work, nevertheless it exists. Mr.
DEEGAN said not a word of it which is not warranted;
and as long ago as November 24, we denounced the
abominable recommendation of the theory of the
painless extinction of infant life. So much for the
ignorance of the Chronicle's reporter, on which alone
he condemns the language and ignorance of others.
Mr. STEPHENS also referred to that book in his
sermon at Ashton, as reported in our Paper on
Friday, and he gave us, horrifying as his state-
ment was, no information concerning it, except that
it was written by A Pooß-LAW COMMISSIONER,
which we did not before possess. If that be so, we
can find in his proper and overwhelming indignation
almost an excuse for the thrilling curse which he then
denounced against those who should obey the Mo-
loch law of such a demon as the author. It is in-
f..

cumbent on the Government, we can assure it,
if it would not excite in the mass of the
community a sentiment of horror and detesta-
tion which no pen nor tongue can describe, to
cleanse itself with the Poor-law Commissioners from
the supposition that it ever countenanced, encouraged,
or was privy to the publication of this murder-recom-
mending book. We are for equal justice, and if Mr.
STEPHENS is to be punished for his language, with-
out reference to the state of mind of his auditory and
its cause, this Poor-law Commissioner, and any
Ministers who countenance him, ought at once to be
torn in pieces.

In our columns of this day will-be found a long ex-
tract from a very clever article in the January Number
of the British and Foreign Review, on the political
bearing of the recently adopted Austrian and Turkish
Commercial Treaties, which we recommend to the es-
pecial attention of our readers. All Treaties are in
their effects upon the interests of nations more or less
political ; and never, perhaps, were Treaties adopted
for commercial purposes, more essentially political in
all their collateral bearings than the two to which Eng-
land, Austria, and the Porte, are the high contracting
parties. Vigorously executed, their moral influence
will be felt throughout Europe ; but if we suffer them
to remain parchment trophies of our triumphs over the
machinations of Russia, then will it be better for Eng-
land that they hail never been written. They involve
