EVENING EoITION •

COURT CIRCULAR.

WINDSOR, SUNDAY.—Her Majesty, and his Royal
highness Prince Albert, and her Royal flightless the
Ductless of Kent, together with the Royal Visitors and
suite, attended Divine Service this morning in the private
ciapel within the Castle. The Rev. Dr. Short, Deputy
Clerk of the Closet in Waiting, officiated.
The Hon. C. A. Murray left the Castle this morning
,oa a visit to Mr. Hope.
The Earl of Surrey arrived on a visit to her Majesty;
Yesterday his Royal Highness Prince Albert again
toc,C the exercise of skating for some time on the lake at
Frog more, attended by Lard Lilford, Mr. G. E. Anson,
Sir Bowater, Mr. Rich, and Captain Seymour.

His' Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge attended
Divine ;Service yesterday morning in Grosvenor Chapel,
South A udley-street.

Despatobes for the Governor of Gibraltar were sent
last evening from the Colonial Office.

THE LIBERAL ELECTORS' AD,
DRESS TO TUE RENEGADE VOTERS OF
THE COUNTY CARLOW ELECTION, DE.
'EMBER, 1840,

Ate—" Scots, whet hae."
Traitors ! who, when frce.Jnen bloc!,
Traitors ! who, to honour dead,
Ingloriously your colours fled,

And sold the victory.

You—faithless guards of freedom's tower—
Yi,u join'd the foe in needful hour;
What hope from STANLEY-BRUEN'S power
Chains and slavery !

You play'd the base, ignoble knave,
You boast th' assassin stab you gave ;
Your country's curse will mark your grave,
Defil'd by bribery.

Yotn. votes were swords conferr'd by law,
Ju freedom's cause alone to draw;
Your best friends trampled down, you saw,
By Tory tyranny.
You gave you: deadly foe the reins—
Y.iti gave up libt..rty in chains !
You gave the ince to bleed her veins ;
You mock'd her agony

With brand of Cain now wanch:ve.rs go !
In every man you'll meet a foe ;
The orphan's cry and widow's Woe
Shall haunt your m.l:laurY.

This Orange triumph we disdain—
A nteus.like, we'll rise again,
For princely patriots now sustain
Our rights and PoNsotiiiir

" VICTORIA'S LINE," our gath'ring cry;
Our registries we'll fortify •
From tyranny of deepest dye
BRAVE CARLOW SHALL BE !REV!
Carlow, Doc. 17, 1840.
[The above would have appeared earlier, but was 1 tid
aside.]

THE TWO “N'S."

There arc Nelson and Napier, the skillful and brave,
The last in full service, the first in his grave,
Whoce honoured remains proud his country instal.,
In a fame-hallowed tomb 'neath the dome of St. Pail's.

The genius of Britain still weeps o'er his urn,
As his daring achievements on memory return ;
While his name is a watch-word, a rallying spell,
To our brave Jacky Tars who'd in merit exce►.

Does not Nelson's proud mantle on Napier 41escend?
The two gallant " N's" in bright union blend?
Nelson's spirit revives, in no trifling degree,
Adventurous Napier, appropriate in thee I

Aboukir comes back on our fond recolloction.
In our Syrian battles beneath thy directiom;
Thy hold daring genius pants to aspire,
At a Nelson's renown—pith his soul-kindlin,c; fire

Spare, Heaven, in goodness, the sons of the oc.
Britain's bulwarks to man, or in port, or in mo,ion !
Spare the Napiers, Nelsons, alive to achieve
Gallent deeds, that we may not fur them have to grieve 1
There are still in the list of our heroes bold hearts,.
Formed to shine in the science of maritime arts,
Formed the subject to be of oar lyres and our pens,
As now are the two most illustrious " N's."
