James Fra.er, 215, Regent-street.

Just published, price 55., N. XVI.
THE MORNING WATCH; or, Quar-
terly Journal on Prophecy snd Theological Review.
" A. publication in ability, in consistency, and fierceness,
Worthy' of Cromwell's camp , for nothing since has been pub-
',fled like it. The political articles are not the least extraordi-
rt Y,parts of this extraordinary Journal."—Edinburgh Review.
he sagacity of the learned editor of this journdl seems to
have lifed the veil (referring to an article entitled Babylonian
inscriptions and Almanacs') ; and he has by his first attempt, if
We do not greatly mistake, placed the Inscriptions of Babylon
in a course of explanation similar to that opened by the primary
efforts of Dr. Young to those of Egypt. This discovery, although
sibl shed two months since, may yet be unknown to many of our
aders, in consequence of its ar,nouncement in a Journal which,
though of great critical merit and ability, has, from the pecu-
liar theological opinions—those of Mr. Irving—which it advo-
cates, been, we believe, hitherto of more limited circulation than
~IsjUstly entitled to, as a Journal of learning and science."—
Literary Gazette, Nov. 17.
, Published for the Proprietors, by James Fraser, 215,
L,'gmt.,Areet ; and to be hail (by order) of all Booksellers.

T is day was published,
LACK WOOD'S EDINBURGH MA-
GAZINE. No. CCII. for DECEMBER, 1832.

...-.
Contents :—l. The Lady of the Greenwood Tree. A
I•egenti of Transylvania—ll. Passages from the Diary of
Late Physician. Chap. XIV. The Magdalen—M.
4°41 Cringle's Log. Chap. XVI. The Pirate's Leman
The French Revolution of MO—V. The Caars.
Chap. 11. Augustus—Vl. Bristol. The Trial of the Ma-
gistratm and Reaction among the Operatives—Vll. The
Farewell to Earth. By Lady Emmeline Stuart Wortley
Not Now ! By Lady Emmeline Stuart Worthy
SIX. The Two Monuments. By Mrs. Hemans—X.
Njle Early Dead. By the Honourable Augusta Norton—
V. The Natolian Story Teller—Xll. The Burial of the
vi.,Rhty, By Mrs. Hemans— XIII. Partition of the
'"idoin of the Netherlands—XlV. The Age of Wonders;
0r: the New Whig War.
Printed for William Blackwood, Edinburgh; and T.
‘'adell, Strand, London.

ADIES' MAGAZINE and MUSEUM
h was published this day, containing Original Papers
I - Galt, Esq., Andrew Pickin, E-q., F. W. N.
g,,,'YlcY, Esq., the Author of the " Village Poor-house,"
‘7 - &c. &c. ; an Original Song, by W. Hodson, author
,4, My Arab Steed ;" an Engraving by Sharp ; and the
'COLLET
of the Month, from the beautiful Plates of LE
'c'OLLET COURRIER DES SALONS. Price 2e. 6d.
(nopleting the First Volume, price 12s. 6d.
Published by J. Page, 112, Fetter-lane, London ; and
4'14 by all Booksellers throughout the Kingdom.
AN ALBUM, OR NEW YEAR'S GIFT.
1.) The Number of the Ladies' Magazine and Museum, for
kt"luber, will complete the First Volume of that work,
ICI thus afford a desirable opportunity for the purchase of
,kt commencement of a most valuable publication. No
fi'ense or pains have been spared in the various dep trtments
re „13,,r^8e, poetry, music, fashion, and embellishments, to
lit"'er this puidication of the greatest interest to the nobi-
-I,and gentry of this country.
Arnon st the contributors in the Literary department
viiii k. g
he toturf the names of Galt, Howitt, Plain, the
il)l°nhor of " The Village Poor house," F. W. N. Bayley,
4g
e4Truela, Sher Knowles, Mrs. Hoffland, Miss
2 Strickland, id
anan d Miss Jewsbury.
The Musical contributions consist of Six Original Songs,
Z441,0-fed by Mr. Hudson, Author of " 11y Arab Steed,"
4 eluding the two popul it Ballads, " My pretty Gaz-11e,"
" " 1-1, reached the Valley," the words by J. 0. Del-
Rue, E.q.
bra he Fashons are taken from the Plates of that eele-
d Paris ian work, " Le Follet Courrier des Salons,"
and are coloured in Paris expressly for the Ladies' Maga-
:te and Museum, ren,tering this publication the accre-
dited organ of English Fashions.
~.Irt the Pictorial Department the volume will present
''X the
original Engravings by Rogers and
. Sharp, including the admired Portrait of Sir Walter Scott,
4'hich is admitted to be one of the most striking likenesses
41 the lamented Bard which has hitherto been published.
) The price of Vol. I: of the above interesting and vt-
'.lLble Work is only I2s. Gil., and as only a very few
O"Pies remain on hand, early orders are requested to be
ven.
tilPublished by J Page, 112, Fetter-lane ; and all Book.
er,„

• With the option to take the entir. quantity- required
for the voyage, of ei her species of these artic'es, in ti e
Rime proportion as is allowed to b• substituted in the navy,
namely, half an ounce of tea to be considered equal to one
ounce of c,coa or ceffee.

-t The s-gars to be shipped from the bonded warehouses
Free of duty.

In cases where the number of persons on board a
vessel may not be sufficient to authorize the shipment of so
large a quantity of each description of foreign spirits, un-
der the regulations of the general order of the Ist of Sep-
tember, 18:32, as 40 gallons, the same may be allowed
to be shipped in a package, containing not less than three
zen reputed quart bot.les, or in casks, containing ten
gallons, when the qu:intity required shall not exceed ten gal-
lons, and in casks of 20 galihrts, when the quantity shill
exceed ten and be under twenty gallons, and where the
quantity shall be equal to, or exceed forty gallons, the fo-
reign spirits are only to he shipped in a legal sized package
in coutormity with the directions of tee said order.

RUSSIAN TREATMENT OF THE POLES

AT CRONSTADT.

The following shocking narrative has been handed to us
for insertion. It is in the form of a letter, addressed to the
Secretary of the Hull Polish A•soeiation, from a highly
re,pectahle master of a Hull ship, just arrived from St. Pe-
tershurgh. We understand it to be the intention to give
this important document a pl ce in the forthcoming num-
ber of the Hull Polish Record, but meanwhile no time
should be Io•t in giving it publicity

TO THE SECRETARY OF THE HULL POLISH ASSOCIATION.

" Sir,—Knowing you to be a well wisher to the cause
of suffering Poland, 1 take the liberty of sending you a
short statement of facts, with the hope of stirring up our
countrymen to aid the cause of humanity. On the 4th
(16th) ult. twelve Poles were flogged fur not taking the
oath of allegiance to the Emperor Nicholas. Fitty was
the present number of dissentients, hut only twelve
suffered at that time. The town of Cronstadt is
surrounded with a high rampart, and at the foot
of it, on one side, is a large open space for the
soldiers to perform their exercise. Three thousand Poles
were drawn up in four lines near to it, to witness this
disgusting sight. and at the same time, the magnanimity
of their countrymen. Two til,s of soldiers, each consisting
of 250 men, stood ready with hazle sticks in their right
hands, and with loaded muskets at rest in the left. A
band of music was stationed at each end, to drown the
cries of the sufferers. At both ends of the line, too, were
500 to 1,000 troops under arms, with field.pieces at either
extremity, ready to blow to atoms the bystanders amongst
the Poles in case they should revolt, and endeavour to save
the lives of their unfortunate countrymen. When their
victim was brought out to the line, the butt-ends of two
muskets were placed tinder his arms to drag him alone, and
the point of a bayonet at his breast to prevent him from
advancing too quickly! During the infliction of the first
50 or 100 lashes, the sufferer shrieked out dreadfully.
Afterwards, I should suppose his feelings became paralyzed
to the lash, until he felt the soldiers drag him up again with
all that savage brutality for which they are noted. Having
finished their horrid butchery, they let the sufferer fall to
the ground, where he lay until the cart arrived to take him
away to the hospital, with no other covering to his
mangled and bleeding body than a mat. Two or three
of the poor Poles received as many as eight thousand,
others front four to six thousand lashes ! It was supposed
by a surgeon present, who was no Russian, that at least
two would die in the course of the day. Should they,
however, be so unfortunate as to get better, their fate
would he to be fib. ged again, until they did take the oath.
The priest and his crucifix stood near the general officer
at the head of the line, and promised them pardon if they
would recant ! But, no ! the noble-spirited Poles pre-
ferred even death to servitude under such a monster. I

can assure you, Sir, it was a most heart-rending sight
to see the blood trickle down a fellow-creature's
back, for no crime but reluctance to serve a master
they could not love. And why he should send them
down to Cronstadt for people of all nations to wit-
ness his barbarity, I cannot tell. Certain it is that
this very circumstance will further the cause of Po-
land. I must not omit to say that several of the Russian
..fficers behaved in the must indecent mariner ; laughing
when they saw the wretched captive writhe under the lash,
and telling their soldiers they did not lay on hard enough,
for it was only a Polak (a term of reproach). It was awful
to see with what malicious pleasure the Russians wit-
nessed the transaction. When the poor sufferer passed by
me in the cart, with all but death in his countenance, and
his eye-balls starting front his head, the sight was such as
left an impression on my memory which time will never
efface. For the truth of the foregoing, I might ref-T you
to Captains—, _, —„ ,
" Excuse this scrawl, and I remain, Dear Sir,
" Yours respectfully,
" AN EYE-WITNESS."
[Note. This act has been perpetrated since the depar-
ture of Lord Durham. Another eye-witness speaks ut the
Poles as notile-looking men, with fine open countenances.
He shuddered as he described the horrid scene.] —Hull
Rockingham.

THE LATE LAMENTABLE OCCURRENCE
IN YORK-STREET, WESTMINSTER.—Yesterday the whole
of the witnesses in the case of manslaughter against Mr.
JOSSENS, attended at the sessions to give evidence before
the Grand Jury. We understand Mr. JOSSENS has dis-
posed of his property in this country and escaped to the
continent; consequently it is not his intention to surrender
himself to take his trial at the Old Bailey.

The new work, entitled " Wild Sports of the
West," has been pronounced at TATTERSALL's to be the
very best hook of the kind ever published. The author
is not only a keen and experienced sportsman, but he is a
strong and graphic writer, who imparts something of his
enthusiasm to his reader. A nooleinan, well known to
the turf, was so delighted with the " Wild Sports of the
West," as to send a pressing invitation to the author to
join a hunting party at his country mansion ; the latter,
however, had just left the kingdom on a military excur,ion
to Portugal.

Air. ROGERS being called to the chair, stated
the purpose of meeting, and said, that as the con-
flict of election was near at hand, the people should
make up their minds as to whom they would sup-
port. He entreated for good order and an impartial
hearing for ail.
Mr. THOMAS EVANS read the first resolution,
which inculcated the necessity of choosing men as
Member- of Parliament who would promote re-
trenchment and economy in the Government, and
would support enlightened and proper principles in
our foreign and domestic policy. Mr. T. Evans felt
that the oligarchical tyranny under which we at pre-
sent lived was as bad as any tyranny that had ever
existed, and must be thrown off. The Westminster
electors should bear in mind the great name, the
pre-eminent s'ation which the had hitherto always.
maintained among electors,V7ri now, as be-
fore, show themselves the pioneers, the vanguard,
iu the tight for liberty.—(Cheers.) They roust not,
out of a feeling of gratitude for what their old
Members had done, allow themselves to be injured
by those candidates for the future.
Mr. PEACOCK seconded the resolution, and en-
treated the electors to exercise their pre-eminent
judgment in the choice of a representative, and no,
be led away by any private feelings, Their own
welfare arid that of the empire at large were at
stake. Many constituencies looked towards West-
minster electors as heretofore, to show the way; and
if these electors led them astray, they would have
much to answer for.— The resolution was then
unanimously carried.
Colonel EVANS was received with the most una-
nimous applause. He was delighted to see ladies
present; he considered they, and children even,
were as much interested in this matter as the men.
—(Cheers.) Seeing women here put him in
mind of the great assistance he had received
in getting himself made Member for a small
town where the voters fourteen in number
—were against him, according to their orders;
but they were obliged to elect him, from
he determination of the whole town, men arid
women, not to be set aside by these fourteen
people; and so they got him in in spite of a number
of Hobhouse's dragoons, who were ready to assist
them if they themselves had been willing to velour.
on such an experiment; but he got in. He wished
to say a word about a letter he had written about a
week ago, in which he said that at the present
time, when the greatest part of our institutions were
about to be remodelled and reformed, it was es-
sential in electors to be most cautious as to who
were the persons they should intrust these re-
modellings arid reformations to. As such very
strong observations were now made on the expres-
sion- made use of by candidates, he wished to let
everybody know what he meant by remodel. Their
revered candidate had made some very unexpected
comments on the expression thus used. He had
said, or was reported no have said, at the Crown
and Anchor, that " he was not for first pulling
down arid destroy rig, for that is what was meant
by remodeliing.' This was as much as to say,
that those who wished to remodel meant to revolu-
tionize. He(Col. E.), much surprised at this interpre-
tation coming from so great a philologist, looked in
J ,huson, who is also somewhat thought of as a phi-
lologist, and there he found that to model means to
form, fashion, plan ; and to remodel, to reform, model
anew—hut not a word about pulling to pieces, or
revo —(Laughter)—two or three other
D.ctionaries gave the same definition, so he sup-
posed Sir Francis was wrongly reported, or some-
thing. He was by no means a Revolutionist, hut,
on the contrary, was delighted to have the Reform
Bill, which, such as it was, was yet quite enough to
prevent the slightest chance of anything like the ne-
cessity of recurring to violence for the effecting of
further measures. He believed, however, that the sys-
tem of intimidation to which the people had been
compelled to recur, was the real source of the
power which they had now obtained, of getting
their further ends in a quiet manner. The most
timid old lady or gentleman may now be perfectly
at ease. He (Colonel Evans) would have every
wrong set right; he would not consent to the in-
fringement on any individual property—(The
Bishops ?)—oh, he did not consider theirs private
property—Church property was the property of the
people—the ministers only their servants. lie
would have public faith kept inviolate. He was so
far a demagogue, as some call it, that he thought
every legislative act thould be for the good of the
many, and not for that of the few.—(Cheers.)
With regard to pledges, it had been said that those
who requited them were knaves, arid those who gave
them, fools. Now he thought those who did not
givethernwere the knaves, and those who did not
insist on them, the fools.— (Cheers.) He would
strenuously
support the shortening of Parliaments
and the vote by ballot, the two subsidiary points
which would make the Bill complete—(Cheers)—
and he did not see how Ministers could refuse these
measures, to which several of the most distiuguisbed
of them w ere pledged.—(Cheers.) The shortening
of Parliaments was a measure a thousand times
more requisite now than before. Before, the House
of Commons had been a mere machine worked by
the House of Lords for the raising of taxes, and
doing other similar work—as a sort of mouth-piece
for giving forth the laws of the oligarchy, and
as an executive for enforcing those laws. The
next Parliament would have the power of making
laws themselves, and it was essential that these
new law-makers should be trustworthy, and that
their trustworthiness should not be too long tried—
it might wear out in seven years. These were his
ruinous revolutionary notions on these points ;
another was a decided opposition to the great me-
tropolitan injustice, the house and assessed taxes.—
(Cheers.) It the abolition of the-e be ruinous to
the country, he trembled for it.—(Laughter.) He
had also another ruinous revolutionary plot in his head,
which was to do away with the taxes on knowledge
as soon as ever he could.—(Laughter and cheers.)
They were most destructive and oppressive, not
only to a deserving, numerous, and highly-respect-
able class, but to the people at large—to the human
mind.—(Cheers.) With respect to Church Reform, li
he believed this would be one of the first measures
brought before the next Parliament ; and from the
home questions fifteen or sixteen, sent round to all
the ecclesiastics, he had DO doubt the Government •
had made up their minds to a speedy and effective
reformation. They would meet with his strongest
support if they did, as in all other points where
they should do their duty, as strongly as he would
oppose them if they should attempt the contrary.
—(Cheers.) It was most essential though, that the
people should insist upon their representatives
standing to their arms in this point ; for a good
portion of the tithes, one mark to be aimed at, wa3
in the hands of certain Lay Lords and Right Ho-
nourables, who would, very naturally, do their best
io keep it.—(Never fear ; rio.) In taking from
my Lords and the Bishops their 30,0001. a year, we
must, however, for the present, leave them a tenth
thereof, or perhaps their gracious Lordships might
excommunicate us ; and what are we to do then ?
(Laughter—" It's too. much.") The system of
tithes, he felt, must he done away with. The Mi-

rasters, with all their bayonets, confessed their
nability to keep it much longer up in Ireland ;
and when it should be done up there, we shan't
e long plagued here.—( Oh, no.) The abo-
lition of slavery he would not merely say he
would oppose, but he had every belief that it
would very speedily be done away with. And, be-
sides the benefits to the black, we should have the
monopoly of sugar done away with, and not be
obliged to pay one hundred per cent. to the sugar
growers, as at present—one great maintenance of
slavery. With regard to corn laws, he could not
better express his own opinions than by quoting
Mr. Grote's view of it, who says that we ought to
grant an equivalent protection to the corn-growers
in proportion to the burden they can show they
-uffer beyond what other people bear. This addi-
tional burden, whatever it was, greatly arose from the
tithes; so that, when tithes are done away with, the
reformation of our corn laws will be made all rhe
plainer and easier. With reference to the new po-
lice, he (Colonel Evans) acknowledged their effi-
ciency, but objected to the enormous sums raised for
He did ,not like the sr-
;nglishmen too much likes
military force—a gendarmerie. He doubted the
cionstitutionaliry of a Ministry's having such a fore,
n their own hands. The soldiers could not ac'
without the order of a Magistrate, but these police-
men were at the beck of one of the Ministers. He
then adverted to the use which had been made of them
some time ago by the late Ministry. He would reduce
the army,, and the expenses of what he should leave
remaining; he had some time ago wished to reduce
the exprises by 18,0001, but they would not
let him ; the Reformed Parliament would, most
probably. The Gallant Colonel proceeded to
give his views at some length, and they
all gave very general satisfaction. Colonel
Evans then proceeded to state, that a parry
of gentlemen had waited upon him, and made great
complaints against him for obtruding himself en the
electors; but having good reasons for knowing that
many of those electors had invited him of their own
accord, he made inquiries as to who these deputies
,were, :aid found they were Cie Rump.—(Laughter.)
The Hon. Baronet (Sir J. C. Hohhouse), they
said, had no stain. He (Colonel Evans) replied,
that as to that he could not speak ;—no candidate's
opinion of a rival should he asked. Upon this,
hat Hon. Baronet gets up at the Crown and An-
chor, and says, that he (Colonel Evans) has no
complaints against him, and dares him to make any;
and that he (Colonel Evans) had himself proposed
an address of thanks and congratulation to him
(Sir J. C. Hobhouse) on his becoming one of the
linistry. It was true that he had done so; but
t hat was with reference to his past conduct. Tne
don. Baronet would have no address of thanks to
him now, he might rest assured. What the elec-
tors disapproved of, was not his conduct before he
was a Minister, but since. Colonel Evans then,
in a very able and el, (pent speech, which was re-
ceived throughout with great approbation, derailed
he various reasons he had for &jeering to Sir J. C.
Hobhouse. He would not have spoken on this
subject, had not the Hon. Baronet taunted him that
he had none. He had many besides these ; but
these were the principal. The points were—
__

That he (Sir J. C. Hobliousi) had voted auainst a mo-
tion, made in the last Session of Parliament, fir the sui
pension of Flogging in the Army and .tia%y, for One Year.
That he opposed a Motion made by Colonel Evans to
make a small Reduction i❑ the Standing Army in the time
f Peace.

That he publicly declared in the House of Corntoons.:in
discussion o❑ the Army Estimates, that his opinions on Fi-
nancial Measures and Economy differed as widely from
the sentiments of Mr. Hume as " the poles were asunder."
That he smuggeled into and carried through the House,
of Commons a Private Bill for imposing on his Uon6tt.
tuents in the Out•Watd of St. George's, Hanover-square,
a Rate of 300 per Cent., to be levied by an irresponsible
hotly of Trustees
That he, when out of Office, promised to bring in a Bill
to reduce the Aristocraiical Qualification for Vestrymen,
and, when in Office, refused to per!orin it.
That he positively refuses to give a Pledge to the Elec-
tors, that he will vote for and support the R. peal of those
obnoxious and oppressive Duties, the House and Window
Taxes.

M r. WADE moved the second resolution, which
declared that the meeting, for various rea'ons therein
detailed, were of opinion that Sir J. C. Hobhouse was
not a proper person to represent them in Parliament.
Mr. MooRE seconded it ; and gave an extended
account of the proceedings of the electors with re-
spect to Sir J. C. Hobhouse, to show that Colonel
Evans had not been put in nomination till the abso-
lute refusal of the Hon. Baronet to comply with the
wishes of the electors had obliged them to come to
the resolution of parting with him.
The resolution was carried unanimously.

Mr. CRIPPS moved the third resolution, stating
Colonel Evans to be a fit and proper person, &c.
In his address this gentleman accidentally sta,ed that
he had:heard Sir J. C. Hobhouse was now willing to
make up matters with the electors—(lt won't do I)
—and do as they wished—(lt's too late !).
The resolution was seconded, and carried by
acclamation.

Thanks were voted to the Chairman, and the
meeting separated. It was one of a most respect-
able and orderly description.

SOUTHWARK.-111R. W. .BROUGHAM.
A public meeting of the electors of St. George's
parish, resident in the eastern division of the above
borough, and friends of Mr. Brougham, took place
last evening at the King's Arms, Kent-road. This
meeting, particularly towards its close, was, without
exception, the most disorderly and tumultuous we
ever witnessed.

Mr. MARTYN took the chair, and said that as all
must be anxious to hear their Hon. Representative,
who had so fai,hfully discharged his Parliamentary
duties towards them, and that as the eastern division
was celebrated for being upon all occasions orderly,
he hoped no speaker would be improperly inter-
rupted, and that the meeting would support him in
discharging his office of Chairman.
Mr. REtp proposed the first resolution, to the
effect, that as Mr. Brougham had supported the
Reform Bill, and other measures beneficial to the
country, he was a fit and proper person to be one of
the representatives of the borough of Southwark in
a Reformed Parliament.
Mr. JENNER seconded the motion, and very
warmly eulogised Mr. Brougham's past conduct.
He was still the same man, possessing the same
principles as before and as the borough of South-
wark did not want to be represented by persons
likely to promote anarchy and confusion, but those who
would advocate measures of tranquil and progressive
improvement, not only in the borough,hut through-
out the counny, no fitter representative than Mr.
Brougham could be easily found.
Mr. W. BROUGHAM then rose, amid loud cheers,
mingled with hisses. He said he begged, before
the resolution in his favour was put from the chair,
to make a few observations, in order that the meet-
ing might know upon what grounds he claimed
their support. He claimed a second time the ho-
nour of representing them, partly from what he had
already done, and partly from what it was extremely
probable he wool,' do hereafter. The Reform Bill
was carried by the assistance of the people; by it
Governments would be deprived of improper patro-
nage, always distributed at the public expense. For
the future, Governments would stand or fall by their
measures, and not by the rewards bestowed upon
their supporters. He would characterize the lat

Bill as a machine, the working of which depended
upon tl►e candida.es now chosen. If good men
were returned, the machine would work well ; if, on
the contrary, Conservatives or pullers-down were
seat into Parliament, it would work evil instead of
good. It behoved ihe electors, then, to pitch upon
men who were trustworthy, and not to rely solely
upon pledges and promises, often made for unworthy
purposes, but to look for persons of tried character
who had done well, and were still disposed to do
well. Nothing, he contended, was more childish
than to suppose that the Reform Bill would heal all
sores at once. There were a number of grievances
to be got rid of, and no measure could he so sweep-
ingly efficacious as to destroy them at one fell swoop.
One of his great fears was, that in the next Raba-
ment the people should think that things did not go
on fast enough. As he before compared the Bill
to a machine, he would say that lie preferred one
which worked well, to that which worked fast. He, !
therefore, would advise the people to give it a fair
and deliberate trial, and see whether it would not
cause material alterations, which, in their turn, would
lc id to others not so immediately wanted, and most
diflirult to be suddenly effected. What a list of al-
terations to be made by this machine! There were
the poor laws, both at home and in Ir.d,ind—there
was Church reform—the corn laws—the East India
and the Bank charters—the currency and the sla-
very questions. Let safe and proper men be chosen
let them have credit for doing their best, and he did
not despair, but the machine would get through the
great works it had to accomplish. By this he did
not wean to say, that persons who would obsti-
nately stand still should be chosen, but persons who
wanted alterations because they were necessary, and
no' for sheer al eration's sake. He had so fre-
quently expressed his opinions on several measures,
that he was almost ashamed to reiterate them. He
would do it, however, briefly. A reform in the
Church was necessary,and it should be thorough and
effective, for if not, the very stability of that Church
was at stake. There were three essential matters
connected with the Church which should be
reformed. All pluralities should cease—all clergy-
men should reside en their benefices, and be allowed
to hold not more than one living, The Church, in-
stead of being supported by tithes, should be by
some proper substitute. Above all things, Church
dignitaries should be deprived of their political
power, and if they were, he thought it would be the
hest means that could be devised to unite bickering
and conflicting sects. All this he said as a sincere
friend to the Church, and not as its enemy,
An ELECTOR here asked the Honourable Candi-
date whether he did not think that every marl
should pay his minister? and whether the Church.
man ought to have advantages greater than the
Dissenter ?

Mr. BROUGHAM—From his opinions upon the
leading points might be gathered those he held upon
minor details. In the same way, without entering
into all the interests concerned, he would say that
he corn laws ought to be materially altered. Th.-
protecting scale of duty should be such as to make
bread cheap, without ruining the farmer. With
respect to taxes, he considered that their improper
imposition was the chief cause of having wages and
prt,fi sso low. He did not mean to say that taxes
could be done without; they were unwisely and
unjustly levied by former legislators, and he would
do every thing in his power to equalize them. He
considered the assessed taxes hard and vexatious,
particularly in London; and as he was a sufferer
himself by them, it might he expected that he was
no friend to them. He believed that the state of the
revenue was so sound and htalrhy, that these latter
taxes, with the tax on soap, might be either done
away with or commuted for some other—for, per-
haps, a property tax._

. _
An ELECTOR—What do you think of the malt
and hop tax ?
Mr. BROUGHAM—As a lover of beer, he would
say the tax was a bad one; and he wondered how
it happened that it was nor already repealed.
The same ELECTOR—WiII you pledge yourself
to aim it ?

Mr. BROUGHAM —You mean whether I shall lend
a hand to help this tax off? Yes, certainly.
The ELECTOR—We are glad to have one pledge
from you.

Mr. BROUGHAM—No, no, it is not a pledge, and
if so construed take care lest it should be retracted.
—(Laughter.) There was another question he
would dismiss in a few words—namely, the ballet.
If he found that when the results of the Reform
Bill were known they did not protect the voter
from all influence, whether high or low, though he
did not like the ballot, he would deem himself bound
to advocate it.—( A cry of "That's another pledge.")
He then said that he thought Septennial Parlia-
ments too long, but was not prepared to state of
what duration they ought to be. That depended
upon circumstances ; it might be expedient to have
them annual, biennial, or triennial. When the
question was argued, he would vote for what was
best according to his matured opinion. There was
another subject upon which he felt a peculiar inte-
rest. He meant Ireland ; it was an embarrassing
subject, but he felt sure that the present Govern-
ment would do its duty towards that unfortunate
country, and relieve it from the miseries entailed
upon it by preceding Governments.—(Cries of
" The Whigs are as much in fault as anyone else.")
No, the Whigs were not in fault; tithes, and the
absence of landlords, were the great causes of
mischief.

An ELECTOR here asked, what do you say about
the new police ?
Mr. BROUGHAM—He heard of some instances in
which the expenses of that establishment were too
high. In one parish, the expense of the old police
was 700/. a year, whereas now it was increased to
2,100/ ; and he knew of another parish in which,
since the establishment of the new police, the rate:
had been doubled. He should be glad to see the
expense of the establishment reduced, or a better
system of police introduced if that were possible.
Before he sat down, he would say, on the matter of
slavery, that if its abolition could be immediately
brought about without anarchy and bloodshed, he
would voce for the immediate abolition. He thanked
the meeting for the patient hearing he had ob-
tained, and said, that if he was so fortunate as to he
again elected, he would serve them as he had hither-
to done, faithfully and honestly.
Mr. BARNARD asked whether he would vote for
the separation of Church arid State ?
Mr. BROUGHAM said, that although he felt for the
Dissenters being obliged to pay for the support of
their own religion and that of the State too, yet he
would candidly confess that he was not prepared to
vote for the separation of Church and State.—

(Groans and cheers, and a cry of " a Tory in Whig's
clothing.")

Mr. BARNARD being dissatisfied with the above
answer, then proposed an amendment to the effect,
That as the Hon. Candidate would make no
pledges on divers weighty and important questions,
the meeting did not deem him a fit and proper can-
didate."

Mr. JUDGE seconded this motion, and said,
amidst the greatest confusion, that the conduct of
the Chairman at the meeting of Mr. Brougham's
friends, held on Monday la't, at the Surrey Riding-
school, was most disgraceful. When an amend-
ment was proposed, he hesitated to put it, and left
the meeting abruptly, with Mr. Brougham and his
friends.—(Crie3 of " Off, off.")
After this about six persons got successively on
