market, and in many others the Germans and Belgians all
every year gaining ground upon us.
" List of articles of hardware in which the Germans and
Belgians are successfully competing with us :
Adzes, of all sorts Ilammers
Awl blades Hinges
Augurs Fish-hook knives
Gilt beads Locks, of many sorts
Beams Penknives-
Bad-screws . Pocket knives
Bolts, iron and brass Pruning knives
Braces and bitty Sailor knives
Brushes, of all sorts Shoe knives
Chissels, of all sorts Spanish knives
Combs Spear-point knives
Compasses, iron Toy knives
Corkscrews Iron nails, small sizes
Files Needles
Gauges Pistols, &c., &c.
Guns

He had also another letter from a Correspondent of his, from
whom he requested information on the subject of the competi-
tion s f foreigners with respect to Sheffield goods, and he would
read one extract :
" I do not think I am replying to your letter in a manner
that uin exactly meet your wishes. You want me to particularise
the articles in which the continental manufacturers compete
with or supersede us. They are competing with us in all de-
scriptions of hardware, except where ours are at starvation
prices. (The articles are here enumerated.) I would, how-
ever, recommend you to some of the Birmingham merchants,
who travel on the Continent, and who can, I have no doubt,
supply you with the most correct information."
( Hear,) If these facts were correct, the meeting would, no
doubt, agree with him that they were of some importance,
because if, in the only branch in which it was expected they
could necessarily compete with the foreigner, they
were undersold, how much more evident must it be that the
Manchester fabrics nsust be manufactured by them at a
lower rate, the cost of the raw material being nearly the same
to both parties. The best test the people of Wolverhampton
could give them of their sincerity in opposing these odious
Corn-laws, was to ask them to. look at the two Representa-
tives they had sent to Parliament as soon as they were en-
franchised—(Cheers)—Mr. Whitmore and Mr. Fryer, who
had moved in the first Session after he was returned for the
total repeal of the Corn-laws. With respect to the present
Member, Mr. Villiers, he would say that notwithstanding the
admiration entertained for his splendid abilities, if he was not
the advocate of the total repeal of those laws he would stand
no chance of being returned.—( Cheers.) Having said so
much, it was almost unnecessary to add that they would have
the zealous support of the people of Wolverhampton. They
would meet on Tuesday on the subject, and be could fearlessly
say that no compromise would be listened to. A suggestion
had been thrown out, which they meant to act upon, namely,
to send not only a petition from the borough of Wolverhampe
ton, but sectional petitions—one from the working men, one
from the master manufacturers, one from the merchants, one
from the Anti-Corn-law Association, and thus keep pouring in
a vast tide of petitions into the Ilouse of Commons—
(Cheers)—and be was sure their two excellent Represents..
tives would not consent that they should be treated in the way
that had been hitherto done. He would conclude by moving
the following resolution :
" That the agricultural proprietor, capitalist, and labourer,
are benefited equally with the traders, by the creation and cir-
culation of the wealth of the country ; and this meeting ap-
peals to all those classes to co-operate for the removal of a
monopoly which, by restricting the foreign commerce of the
country, retards the increase of population, end restrains the
growth of towns : thus depriving them of the manifold re-
sources to be derived from the augmenting numbers and
wealth of the country."
The MAYOR of LANCASTER seconded the resolution, which
was carried unanimously.
A DELEGATE wished to know what were the precise instruc-
tions to be giver, to the delegates to be elected to the Central
Committee ? It was right that they should be pledged to the
total repeal of the Corn-laws.
Mr. PLINT, of Leeds, thought the repeal should be total,
and also immediate, although practically it would be gradual.
The proper precautions would, no doubt, be taken by the agri-
culturists abroad to prevent a great influx and sudden fall in
the price of corn. He did not think, however, that they
would procure delegates from Leeds, if the word " imme-
diate" was introduced. He thought the idea entertained by
the Association there on that point erroneous, but it
was important to avoid any expression which might break
up and disunite the great mercantile interests of the country;
when they had agreed to go for the "total'' repeal, he thought
it would be inadvisable to add the word " immediate." The
impression produced by Mr. Paulton's lectures in Leeds, had
induced them at once to get up a public meeting, and an Anti..
Corn-law Association was immediately formed. About 3001.
was subscribed, and they would largely increase that sum.
They calculated upon getting up, in a fortnight, about thirty
petitions, from Leeds and its vicinity, signed by from 300 to
500 persons each. He thought the formation of a Central
Association in London, required very mature consideration.
There were the financial arrangements which were also to be
looked to. They might at once draw up a number of direc-
tions to the provincial Societies, pointing out the sort of infor-
mat on they required, and the form in which it should be sent
in. as very great ignorance existed iu many quarters upon the
subject. The sooner that was done, and the sooner a corres-
pondence was opened by them with every Society in the
country, the better. He did not think the Central Committee
in London, should be the head of the Association. He
thought the Committee should be acting under the control of
an Association, sitting in the country, and he should suggest
Manchester as the best place for that purpose. He threw that
out for the consideration of the meeting.
Mr. BOULTBEE confirmed the observation of the Secretary
of the Birmingham Association. He contended that they
ought to go for the whole measure, and leave it to their op-
ponents to fritter down what concessions would be granted.
It was understood further that no Member of Parliament
should be called upon to advocate their cause who did not
demand the total repeal of the Corn-laws.
Mr. PEARSON was glad the principle had been well recog-
nised and established, because much valuable time had been
lost on the question of slavery, which he had been deeply in-
terested in, by losing sight of it. In that case they should
have demanded compensation for the negro instead of the
planter. They actually ought to insist upon a bounty upon
the importation of corn; but if the Government would at once,
and for ever, abolish those obnoxious laws, they would give up
their claim to compensation.—( Hear, hear.)
Mr. RAWSON regretted very much to hear the statements
made by Mr. Plint. He hoped there would be division in the
Association on the subject. If they could not go in some
shape together, they ought not, for the sake of a single town
or province, to compromise their principles.—(Loud cheers.)
He wished he could have an interview for halt' an hour with
that gentleman, because he would be able to convince him of
his error. He had great respect for his talent and ability, and
that was why he was so much alarmed at the sentiments ex-
pressed by him.-_( Hear, hear.)
Mr. PLINT said no one would go further on the subject than
himself; and, in a letter addressed by him to the Leeds Mer-
cury, he had predicted the events of the last twelve months,
from the statements and facts put forward by Colonel Thomp-
son and others.—( Hear, bear.)
Mr. WYNNE was for "no surrender." He was for a total
and immediate repeal of the Corn-laws.—(Hear, hear.)
The Hon. Mr. MURRAY, on behalf of the landlords and
tenantry of his district, hoped the word "immediate" would
be added to the total repeal of the Corn laws.__.( Hear.)
Mr. WEIR believed that the Corn- lawsgave the landlords only
a dream of prosperity, and that the benefit that would accrue
to them by the repeal of those laws, through the increased
commerce and trade of the country, would be such as they
had never yet derived.—( Hear, hear.) If the monster was
at once struck down, both landlord and tenant would find im-
mediate and beneficial relief.—( Hear, bear.)
Dr. BOWRINO observed that the immediate repeal would
only introduce a gradual exchange on the Continent.
The CHAIRMAN thought it was most important that sound
principles should be, put before the public. At the Chamber
of Commerce that course was pursued and the battle won—
( Hear, hear)—and he was glad to find that no meeting had
been held since in the country that had not adopted the prin-
ciples laid down at the Chamber of Commerce.—(Hear.)
It was then put, and carried unanimously, that the words
" total and immediate repeal" should stand in the resolution.
The MAY OR of BOLTON moved the next resolution,
" That this meeting cannot separate without expressing its
deep sympathy with the personal privations of that great and
valuable class of their own countrymen who earn their daily
bread by the sweat of their brow, so many of whom are now
suffering from hunger in the midst of boundless fields of em-
ployment, rendered unproductive solely by those unjust laws
which prevent the exchange of the products of their industry
for the food of other countries. So long as a plentiful supply
of the first necessaries of life is denied by Acts of the British
Legislature to the great body of the nation, so long will the
Government and the country be justly exposed to all the evils
resulting from the discontent of the people. With a view to
avert so great a danger by an act of universal justice, this
meeting pledges itself to a united, energetic, and persevering
effort for the total and immediate repeal of all laws affecting
the free importation of food ;" and expressed a strong opinion
in favour of the principles on which this meeting was founded.
The general feeling of the town was in favour of a total repeal,
and they would never be able to get the co-operation of the
remarkable._(
H thate an nothing
people unless they stuck to true principles, because, ignorant
as the people were said to be,it wa
but true principles would go down wsith
The Hon. Mr. MURRAY seconded the resolution, which was
then put to the meeting, and carried unanimously,
hem
The CHAIRMAN said the next point for their consideration
was as to the period when it would be expedient for the Dele-
gates to assemble in London. He believed the general feeling
was, that they ought to be in London on the sth of February
next.—( Hear, hear.)
Mr. Peirce inquired what arrangements would be made with
regard to pecuniary matters?
The CHAIRMAN said that each town would pay the expense
of its own Delegates, and that the general expenses would be
shared alike.

Mr. PUNT suggetsted that Manchester should be the Cen-
tral Committee.
Mr. COPPOCK, of Stockport, thought it would be better that
those in London should be the leading body, because all their
leaders would be in London.—( Hear, hear.)
Mr. EWART suggested that as the delegates would be a re•
sponsible body they ought to have full powers to act as they
thought best. He (Mr. Ewart) was now unemployed, not
being in the House ; and if he could by any means be of the
slightest use to them he should consider it a great honour to
devote himself in the most zealous manner, in London, to
any employment they might think proper to devolve upon him.
Mr. VILLIERS, M.P., thought the question was what mo-
tion was to be brought before the House ? Was it a motion
