,4„
be - - samtlt.
eiior

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, JUNE 12, 1833.

'here is great division among the Tory
erg as to the course which shall be adopted
vthe Irish Church Reform Bill. It was be-
lid On Monday that they had made up their
:I not to oppose that measure, lest
°Pposition should drive Earl GREY
tt; new creation of Peers ; hut it appears that
%le} of the Bishops, among whom even the
of the Premier is mentioned, are de-
h,,i,tied on opposition ; and it is doubtful
ti"r a sufficient number of Tory Peers will
)tstlnd to pledge themselves that they will
ote against Ministers, so as to make
tre for Earl GREY to let the Bill take
ikgi'ince in the House of Lords. Whatever
t,14 .I't the result, however, as regards the in-
'thi°43 of the Tories in the House of Lords,
er't, from good authority, that the KING is
illeki.elied upon by Earl GREY, and that there
tee 'ea creation of Peers if it should be found
Nary.

'hlo,e Whole of Mr. STANLEY'S resolutions on
I,l' the Bill for the abolition of slavery is to
:untied, were last night carried. On the
',ll44sation resolution there were no less
five divisions. The only one of them
'lW,l'ieh his Majesty's Ministers had not
~iit4Jerity of upwards of 200 or 300, was
‘"'hich took place on Mr. BUXTON'S pro-
Zl°u to defer the payment of half of the
,i;'4)0,0001. till the emancipation of the slaves
actually effected. This appears to us a
°Oable proposition
; nor can we exactly see
'Wee of Lord AuTiroßP's objection to it.
gal Legislatures
said that it might induce the Co.
tl.° Legislatures too greatly to shorten the
A:11 of apprenticeship. We hardly think this
tt4,' The planters would know that, to a
ty, they must receive the 10,000,0001. at
titL)(l(.sf the period fixed by Parliament ; and
‘ytl'uot think that for the sake of receiving it
4ilitt Or two earlier, they would riot only de-
lte themselves of the gratuitous labour of the
V) but risk the ruin of their properties.
I,llitetention of the money till slavery was really
r)she(l, would merely give the executive a
~tep
eheck upon any inclination to commit a
NI of faith, which the West Indians might
1.11,3 ~lined to commit. When the whole of
tutt i -eY was once paid, then they would have
Vt~e to same interest in keeping the negro in a
ttti4slavery that they have now, or have had
IN it last fifteen years. Every attempt to pre-
ktkitthe negroes for emancipation has been
tttilY resisted by the planters, and now they
6Ntitititheir own wrong as a reason for not
l bee immediate emancipation. The reason
offaS good twelve years hence as it is
f4t:roaod then as now we may be told
ttik,,t.,the sake of the slaves, we must still
tl4l defer emancipation. Would it not be
irtiptaot.ileprive the Colonial Legislatures of this
t~ial°ll to dishonesty, or rather to give them
ute
As
rualancing teinp,ation to honesty r.
the (, ruatter of detail, which can .be altereu
'uumiittee on the Bill, we yet hope to
