MAILS.
Arrived. Due. Arrived. Due,
AAmerica........... 1 2 France....• 1)
0 8r.zi1...... ....... 0 1 Guern. & Jersey 0
0 tiu.ienos Ayres.. 0 0 Hamburg 0
0 Carthagena.,.... 0 1 Holland ...... 0
g DubP.n... ...... 0 0 Jamaica 0
2 Flanders 0 0 Leeward Islands 0

Arrived. Due
Lisbon 1
0 Malta
0 Mexico 1
0 Oatericl,,
0 Sweden..— ..... 0
2 Waterford

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE To. MORROW.
Morning 0 minutes after 9 Evening ...... 33 minutes after 9

This day was published, in roya
THE MONTHL
NtINCIPAL
Arc the Planets inhabited?
Zicci, a Tale (continued).
International Copyright.
Art in Fietion (concluded.)
London: Longmai

I Bvo, price 2s. tid., No. 11. of
Y CHRONICLE.
ARTICLES.
Slavery and thenew Slave Trade.
Coal Monopoly.
Reviews, Music, Notes,

&c. &c: B,c.
i, Orme, and Co.

The publication of Tuz SUN NEWSPAPER commenced this day
at 30 minutes past Three o' Clock.

WITH WHICH
" THE TRUE SUN" IL; NOW
INCORPORATED.

LONDON :
MONDAY EVENING, APRIL 2, 1838.

We hold it to be quite useless to discuss Mr. C. Bet.-
ma's Controverted Election Bill any further ; for the public
at large, and most of the Members of the House of Com-
mons, whose authority carries much weight with it, are
convinced that it will be totally inefficient, because it does
not remove the jurisdiction from the House of Commons.
The report on the Bill stands for further consideration this
evening, and it is expected that Sir ROBERT PEEL will
then raise the preliminary question, whether the power of
decision ought not to be transferred to another tribunal.
That is worth discussion, and till it is affirmed that the
jurisdiction ought to remain in the House of Commons, to
proeeed with Mr. C. BULLER'S Bill would be a
mere waste of the public time. Our own opinion
as to the jurisdiction is clear and decided. The
Legislature if it be not a mere pretence and a humbug
which undertakes to regulate matters which it cannot
reach, is bound to make clear, definite, and precise laws,
concerning elections as well as concerning other matters.
We indeed see a strong reason why it is particularly hound
to make such laws for elections. The distribution of po-
litical power is regulated and settled by the Legislature; it
runs, as it were, front its decrees, and ought to be followed
out in all its ramifications, and directed in all its conse-
quences. But commerce, manufactures, and property arise
and increase independently of the Legislure. It is no
reproach to the Parliament not to make laws for trade and
different species of industry, and no reproach to it if new
questions concerning property continually arise which it
have not foreseen. It is, however, a scandal to the Le-
gislature, that cases should arise under the election
laws for which it has not presided. Let the laws then
concerning Elections be made clear and precise, as they
ought to be ; and let the deviations from them, and the
uses of infringement on them, be decided by the ordinary
tribunals. We cannot conceive the necessity for a special
tribunal to decide doubtful cases, or points of Election law,
any more than a necessity for a special tribunal to decide
doubtful cases of parish settlement. When the Legislature
has done its duty, and made the law definite, the House of
Commons will be glad to get rid of the trouble and the
odium of 'deciding controverted Elections. Nor have we
the least apprehension that the Judges would be made po-
litical partizans by having controverted Elections to decide,
Any 'nor:: than they now are, by having to decide questions
concerning corporations.

Tto following paragraph appe tred in our Second Edition
mu Saturday :

" We can now venture shic,re'y to congratulate our
readers on the momentous division of Friday night. We are
informed, on excellent authority, that it has had a conside-
rable effect on the minds of the West Indians, who are
,convinced, by the vote of last night, that they cannot
safely resist the expressed wishes (in this just and
holy cause) of the people of England. If they
should not, therefore, sensible as they now are that
the Government end their own friends have done for
them all that is possible, he ready to concede the imme-
diate abolition of the apprenticeship, they will certainly
be desirous to hasten the period for its extinction and will
immediately take measures to south to the apprer,
&so's; the denial of liberty. The first certain effect
oaf the motion of last nig!lt, though not successful,
will be to produce an improvement in the condition
of the slave=. It is indeed confidently expected
by those well acquainted with the West Indies, and with
the impression made on the West Indians by the vote of
Priday night, that the effect will be to make the planters
anxious to meet the views of the people of England, and
studious to act in concert and harmony with the Govern-
ment ; so that slavery shall, by the voluntary manumissions
of the planters themselve,, imitating the excellent example
of the Marquis of SLIGO, and those other gentlemen to
whom Sir GEORGE GREY referred on Thursday night,
become, before the period now allotted by the law, quietly
sad happily extinct. Such a consummation, giving security
to the Planters and freedom to the slaves, will be an ap-
propriate reward of t;;e disinterested and public exertions
of the people. They must, however, see, as the expected
result will flow from a dread of their power, that the time is
not yet come when they may cease their watchfulness and
their exertions."

We may now add, th it in other quarters the conviction
is gaining ground that the labiate; would act wisely in run-
ning before the wishes of the public. They cannot and
must not indulge a hope of aav further compensation, but
they may give themselves a tide to the good opinion and
the continue l protection of the community, by now begin-
ning to act justly towards their apprentices. The examples
of voluntary manumission, already, we are hcppy to say
numerous, must be more extensively imitated. Hav-
ing in some of the islands refused to pass suitable
laws for the Negroes, they ought now, that the necessity
of repenting stares them in the face, to lend their aid to
the Imperial Legislature in making Lord GLENELG'S Bill
as efficient as possible for the protection of the apprentices.
A proposition to substitute 1839 for 1840 for the termina-
tion of the apprentichip, while the Bill is passing through
the Committee, would come from one of them with infinite
grace, and would at once convince the whole commu-
nity that they were sincerely desirous of reconciling the
advantage of the negroes with their own security
and sincerely desirous of deserving the great things
which the people here have already done for them. To
avoid the continual agitation of this subject, which can
only tend to the injury of the Planters, it is their interest
and duty, particularly as they have failed to fulfil the con-
ditions on which they received the compensation money, at
once to concede something more, and endeavour to satisfy
the Government and the nation, both by declarations and
by acts, that they mean at length, without being driven, to
promote the freedom and happiness of their labourers.

We stated on Saturday that we believe the Govern-
ment sincerely intends to prosecute the measure of last
Session for ultimately getting rid of Church-rates. The
complicated nature of the question and the increased bold-
ness of the members of the Established Church, who
having, as the Rev. SYDNEY SMITH says, got over their
fear of the Dissenters, probably think that measures of
justice, causing some retrenchment to themselves, may be
conveniently delayed, have caused the Ministers to be very
cautious in again bringing forward the question. The
sufferers under the present system do not make, per-
haps, sufficient allowance for these difficulties ; they feel
the tight shoe, and being unable to cast it oft, as
speedily as they desire, they grow discontented with the
Ministers. The Church, however, is far too powerful for
the Ministers to coerce it into rectitude. The Clergy,
dike the Planters, adhere tenaciously to their profitable
-,thing for the rights of conscience in
power and wealth be preserved.
ake them loosen their grip of any
great caution is necessary in under-
they fancy will bring their craft
die, however, begins to see that the
•operty—which the Clergy ought to
)üblie, not for themselves like
pidate their employer's means to

enrich themselves, and the public wishes to see
all the mysteries of Church property exposed. We have
no doubt, therefore, that the project of the Ministers will
meet with a more efficient support this Session than the last,
and that the Dissenters will be relieved, and Church Pro-
perty improved, to the general advantage, nobody being
injured by the improvement, though the emoluments of the
unjust Stewards will be curtailed.

The division on Friday night on the Slave Question
was incorrectly given in all the Morning Papers of Satur-
day. We noticed the error on that day, and can now
state positively that the minority, or the Ayes, was 215, not
205. A mistake of 10 was made, we are sure, by a
mere accident. To the West Indians, and to the public
at large, the numbers on the division are of considerable
importance ; but we have not seen the correction noticed
in any of the Morning Papers. The Times and the
Post, on the contrary, republish the error this morning.
If our Contemporaries disdain to copy a correction
from us, they might at least use industry and discernment.
The lists which they copy from the votes contain the cor-
rection of the error at the conclusion, though it is repeated
at the commencement. Our Contemporaries manage so
that they re-publish the error, and omit from the end the
means of correcting it.

Letters and papers from Madrid to the 25th ult., have
been received. On the 24th the Minister of Finance pre-
sented to the Chamber the following Royal Message, rela-
tive to a new loan of which M. AGuAuc. is reported to be
the contractor :
" TO M. MON, MINISTER OF FINANCE.

" In the name of my august daughter, Queen Isabel IL.
and conformably with the report of the Council of Ministers,
I direct you to submit to the deliberation of the Cortes the
draught of a law of the following tenor :
" Art. 1. The Government is authorised to contract a loan
of 500,000,000 reals, real value, which are to be exclusively
applied to the expenses of the army and navy.
" Art. 2. The Government is authorised to appropriate to
the payment of the interest, and the provision for the sinking
fund of said loan, the clear produce of the mines of Almaden
and Linares, and the greater portion of the rents and contri-
butions of the Peninsula and of the islands, to make up the
necessary amount. .

" Art: 3. Should former contracts relative to the quick-
silver mines, and the resolutions of the Cortes, give rise to
any contests, the Government is authorized to settle them by
arbitration.

Art. 4. The Government is equally authorized to 'capi-
talize' the interests of loans contracted abroad until the Ist of
January, 1841, at which period they will commence to be IL:id
by twelfths.
Art. 5. The Government will account to the Cortes for
the use it may have made of the powers vested in it by the
present law.
" Done in the Royal Palace, on the 23d of March, 1835.
" The QUEEN-REGENT."

The Paris Papers of Friday and Saturday have all been
received. In the Chamber of Deputies the leading subject
of discussion on Friday related to the mutual complaints
of the Beet-root Sugar Manufacturers and the Colonial
Sugar Growers. As usual it was a drawn battle, neither
party being able' either to convince or silence the other.
The following extracts include the very little important and
interesting news contained in these Journals :

A letter from St. Male, of the 27th March, says—" We are
assured that a merchantman which arrived this morning, has
brought melancholy news, viz. that a very serious epidemic
had broken out at St. Domingo, that it has attacked the crews
of all the ships there so that it was feared that fresh crews
would be required to bring back to France our three men-of-
war which went to Hayti with the Commissioners who were
sent to negociate forAhe indemnity of the planters of St. Do-
mingo. We give this distressing information merely as a piece
of ship news, and hope, if there is any truth in it, it mas- be
less serious than has been stated." News has been received
to-day, by telegraph, of the death of General Valave,
Deputy of the Orne, at Nice. According to sense
letters from Bayonne, the affair between the division of Latre
and the column of Count Negri, of which we spoke vesterdav,
took place on the 22d and 23d, between Vasieda and Bendejo,
in the south of the province of Santander, and on the road
which leads to Carreon. Hitherto these are only reports.
The Count de Luchana was at Burgos with a sirong
column of infantry and some cavalry. Le Commerce,
March 37.

We have a letter from Jaca of the 22d, which says that
" A letter from the Minister of War to the brave Colonel
Ferrari, who has wholly devoted himself to the foreign legion,
assures that. her Majesty will never forget his services, and
will order all the arrears of pay to he paid up. These corn-
panics of 90 to 150 men, are to be re-organised and placed
under the command of the gallant chief in Aragon. The
depot of the rest of the legion will be at Saragossa, and the
Queen trusts that the legion under so distinguished a leader
as Colonel Ferrari, will render her many important services. -
Le Constitutionnel.
FttENCH FUNDS.-PARTS, MARCH 31.
Fire per Cents.. 10;f1 95c. 8.5 c. We.
Four per Cents., 10If. 50c.
Three ;.fer Cents.. 801. 2.5 c. :oc.
Bank Actions, 2,6)(1t:
itente de Naples, 991'. 73e. 7Cc. 65e.
Roman Five per Cents., 101% 102 101%.
Spanish Actives, 2-.2 23 22h.
Spanish Passives,
Reigian Loan, Five per Cents, 104%.
Belgian Bank, 1,4q0f:
litytian Loan. 46,4: 450 f. 4001.
HICHANOR ON LONDON.
One month, paper, 2.51. 50e. : money, 25f. 47%c
Tarce months, paper, 25t 37%c. ; money, vit. me.
LAST PRICES.
Five per Cents. 107 f. 95c.
Three per Cents., 30f. 20e.
Bank Actions, 2,630 f.
Romans, 10th
Belgian Loan, 104%.
Belgian Bank, 1,480 f.
Haytlan Loan, 460 f.
Spanish Actives, 22;.
Spanish Passives, 41.
DUTC El FUNDS.-AMSTERDAM, MARCH 30.
Money. B.lls.
Actual Debt, 2% per 'ent
Ditto, ditto 5 per cent.
A wort Syndic, 4 hi per cent 9515 95%
Ditto, ditto, 31ti per cent 79 . 7934
Commercial Company, 4', per cent 1834 114%
Ditto (1X32 and 1833) 5 per cent. ......
Loan 1836, I t•er cent.
Ditto 137. 6 per cent.
Exchanze on London, One month l2 05
TWO months
BELGIAN k UN 1)6-13u1;s,...ts, MA ;ten St.
Actual Debt, 24; per Cent.
Rothachild's Loan, r. per Cant....... ..........
Lom of Thirty Millions 944
Loan of City, 1332,4 per Cent. 9Bh
Society of Commerce, 4 ,„ per Cent 170%
Bank of Belgium, 5 per Cent 1431,
National Society
-Brussels Papers, March 31.
AUSTRIAN FUNDS.-Vinnss, Magma 23.
Fire per Cents. Matalliques
Four per Cents.
Three per Cents.
Bank Shares 1451
-AllgemcineZeitung, March 23.
PRUSSIAN FUNDS.-BERLIN, Mancit 28.
Bills Money.
St. Schuld. Sch., 4 per cent
Pru.sian English Loan, 18.30, 4 per.cent 10 11.1241,
Exchange on Landon, three months 626
-Prussian State Gazette, March 27.

ELECTION COMMITTEES.
(THIS DAY.)

HULL.

The Committee met this morning at ten o'clock, when Mr.
HILL resumed his summing up in the case of John Savage,
which, it will be remembered, occupied the whole of Saturday
and part of Friday. He contended that he had proved that
Lessons had received treating and entertainment as the price of
his vote, and that it must, therefore, be struck off.
Mr. THESSIGER addressed the Committee at great length in
support of tho vote, contending that the treating in this case
did not amount to bribery.

inaire sOw , care not
5 b&cinv ded thei
ri e ma
t\ nd
"r4:34t4-141.**
-,.`rt4;4* 111491::‘ thy übi
A Orp„4 pro
• '
e pt.
raswais delapid

val
.15k
''AursoiNA;
' • -

etTibie Zaux.
