LONDON, TUESDAY EVENING, JULY 12, 1831.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, JULY 11.

The Royal AFsent was given to-day by commission to
the Buckingham House Palace Exemption Bill, the De-
puty Lieutenant of Scotland Bill, and the Expired Com-
missions (Ireland) Bill. The Commissioners were the
Lord Chancellor, the Marquis of Londonderry, and the
Earl of Shaftesbn.-7,
Mr. BURRELL, Lord eifAV,EY, and others brought up
the Dean Forest Boundary Bill, an twelve private Bills.
The Marquis of CLEVELAND presesa:.... a petition
from .t.':!! Protestant freemen and inhabitants of thz
of Galway, prayi..3,7 for an extension of rights to Catholics.
The Duke of RICHMQND presented a petition from
Galway to the same effect.

A NOBLE LOBO, whose name we could nut ascerto.in, pre-
sented a petition from the Committee for the Distress ip
Ireland in favour of the introduction of Poor Laws into
Ireland.

The Earl of SHAFTESBURY presented a petition from
Chester against the Beer Bill.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY presented a peti-
tion from Newcastle against Reform.
TITHE COMPOSITION BILL.

The Archbishop of CANTERBURY begged to post-
pone the second reading of this Bill, which was appointed
for to-day, to Thursday next, in consequence of the
request of the Noble Lord on the Woolsack.
Lord KENYON suggested the propriety of postponing
it only till to-morrow ; it was a Bill of great importance,
and had been postponed several times already.

The LORD CHANCELLOR admitted that the
Bill had been postponed both in the present and the
late Sessions. It was not on account of his not be-
ing !raster of the contents of this Bill that he wished
the second reading to be postponed, but in consequence of
another Bill on the same su:sject, but very different in its re-
medy, standing for discussion on the same night. The Noble
Lord who introduced that Bill wished the two to come under
discussion together. He (the Lord Chancellor) had never
seen that Bill, and he should therefore come to the discus-
sion of the subject without being properly apprized of the
nature and provisions of the measures. Individually he
had no objection to the second reading standing for
to-morrow, but it was extremely desirable that
a Noble and Learned Lord who had once filled
the high station he (the Lerd Chancellor) now held,
should then be present. That Noble Lord had met with a se-
vere domestic calamity, which rendered his attendance im-
possible till after Wednesday. But on Thursday next he
would be able to attend, and he trusted under such cir-
curnstsnePs the Noble Lord would allow the subject to
stand over to that day.

The Duke of CUMBERLAND )sad seen the Noble
Earl alluded to, who had stated that he should attend on
that day.
Lord KENYON, after such an explanation, could have
no objection to the postponement that had been recom-
mended.

the partizans of the Ministerial candidate—(Hear)—some
of the electors were kept there five or six days, and in
many instances their families were with them, only being
allowed to pass in with tickets. Now, supposing there
had been any occasion for the military, in what
a situation would the barracks have been found ?—(Hear.)
The Noble Lord thought that be had made nut a strong
case for inquiry ; the petitioners did not state by whose
orders the barracks were so occupied, nor by whom the
refreshments were paid, but they prayed for an inquiry.
Mr. S. RICE had beard the statement with some sur-
prise, but if it were true, the best and only place where it
could be discussed was the Committee, to whom a petition
against the return had been referred. Not only were the
Coinnaloe; oroceeding with the inquiry upon the return,
but proceedings ;1;4. been taken under the Grenville Act.
--(Hear.) He thought that to discuss the subject now
and in the House was to prejudge the case, for the Com-
mittee was the proper tribunal to enter irtto the inquiry.
Sir THOMAS pRENIANTLE thought this petition
had nothing to do with the election petition ; the one
was against the return, and the Ober, he observed,
was against the interference of the Government at the
election, and against the conduct of an officer. He thought
a very strong case had been made out for an enquiry, for
the barracks were actually given up during the whole of
the election to the partizans of a Ministerial candidate, and
even the soldiers' beds were taken down to accoaimodate
them. This was done no doubt with the view of haying
it confirmed that the King was in their favour—(Hear,
hear)—that they were to go to his Majesty's barracks and
have a dinner, and then go and vote far the Ministerial
candidate. He understood that the electors were Inched
in the barracks, and not allowed to go out until they
promised to vote for the right person.—(Hear.)
Mr. TENNYSON said, that considering the charge
upon the Government, he would only state that a complaint
having been made to the Board of Ordnance that the barracks
at Northampton had been occupied as alluded to, a letter
was sent there to ascertain the fact. And it appearing on
the answer that the barrack-master had taken the liberty
to throw open the barracks, the Board of Ordnance im-
mediately addressed to him another letter, severely repri-
manding and commanding him in future to abstain from
such misapplication of his Majesty's barracks.
Sir H. HARDINGE said the barrack-master had not been
the only person to blame, and he did think, on the admis-
sion of the Hon. Member the Clerk of the Ordnance, a case
had been made out for inquiry at the bar of the House.
A worse ease of interference he never recollected.

Mr. SMITH said he was very well aware that the
object of the petition was in order to disturb his election,
and he was not surprised at the malice of the petitioners,
who, if they could not fight the battle fairly, had deter-
mined to try their strength in this underhand way. He
would state the circumstances as briefly as possible. He
was told the barracks had been rued at previous elections
for the candidates in the interest of Government. The voters
were kept there aloof from the opposite party, brought
thence to the poll, and taken back again. On the second
day of election Captain Reid stated to him that he had
received a complaint from the Board of Ordnance
relative to that, and by (Mr. Smith) immediately desired
him to put an end to the proopeding, and he believed the
barracks had been cleared that evening. Ile would ask
the Honourable Member if the barracks had not beep
so employed by those who were in the interest of Major
Winter in 1818, and in 1826 whether there was pot
dancing, music, &c., by the supporters of Sir R. Gunning.
The Hon. Member for St. Germains might have ap-
prized him of thus much, as be was seen there, more
than once himself, tripping it ,6 on the light
fantastic toe" within the barracks. It had been stated
that Government influence had been much used in the
town. He could assert with confidence, that never had
there Leen a griner4 election carried on with less Govern-
ment inhuer....e.

Mr. ROSS denied altogether tha truth of l;he pbserva-
tions made by the lion. Gentleman who had just sat down.
There was a puhlic-house within the walls—( Hear, hear,
and a laugh)—into which some voters found their way,
in 1826, but in the barracks not a single individual was
entertained.

After a few words from Mr. Evans, Mr. Smith, Mr.
Flupt, an:; the Marquis Charade 1, the petition wrrs or-
dered to be printd.

COURT OF CHANCERY.

Sir EDWARD SUGDEN said it would be in the re-
. collection of the House that in the course of last Parlia-
ment he brought forward to the utmost of his ability a
detail of the state of the law and practice of the Court of
iCh4ncei:y, coy the urpr,s. ,:ti" :be
Government to its 'condition, He aid net wish to burry
Government into a proceeding for the improvement of this
law, but he had hoped before this time that the subject
would have been brought forward by them. Having
heard nothing of it, however, except what had passed in
the other House by a Noble Lord, who in his state-
ment had never said a word about what had taken
place in the Commons House of Parliament; hut taken up
;he 30),;ect as it it hal bee.? entirely be wkiled to
know what his Aiajosty's Government !Jai done respecting
this great and important work.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said, in the absence of
the Noble Lord (Althorp) he believed that a Bill was about
to be immediately brought into tie House upon the sub-
ject, and he had full confidence that it would be found to
give general cat;sfae.tinn,
Sir -i;DNY4RD 'SUGDEN asked what had been done
respecting the salaries of the Masters in Chancery, who
had just retired ; and also, whether the Masters who had
come into office in the place of those who, had so retired,
had agreed to consent to a division of their labour w4b-
o,it cc: -J1404.

.Ftpet.- , ,
The ATTORI4tEY-CitYLItAL said that the income
of the Masters who had just retired would be subject to the
old regulations—those who had just entered office had con-
sented to conform to any regulations that should be here-
after thought proper to be made.—(Cheet 8.)
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Tcrd preite.teci petitions from va-
rious parts' of 'orkshire, praying for a complete abolition
of slavery.
Lord AIORPETFI presented a petition from the inha-
bitants of Bradford, in the county of York, praying that
Parliament would interfere to regulate the ;;In;'
wlilch ()light ;:o .k.ept at. woric in
tvOi•sted pie petitioners, limn seeing the evil
etieOti of the present system, both bodily 'and men.:
tally, were the best calculated to give evidence of
the facts to which they spoke, and they stated that
the inconvenience which had been said in tome
would arise from aPt liameniar-i ferc:ice iri tt,
nef by ys pr:ayi:d 114', wimild tie in inconvenience
Lltugethe'r imaginary. The state orthe poor children mi.
Ployed in those mills—tbe benefit of their employers—
the state of society—all cried aloud for such a Par-
liamentary interference ; and the Ncble Lord had no
doubt that the Hon. Member for WeOrpins;.er woula have
st,ol a clause in the Bill Le was 0;00 to bring forWarla,
Lord MORPtIff pressnted a petition' froiri 'the Ida-
bitifnis of 'Bradford, praying for ithiversarsuCge, vo,O.
by ballot, and annual parlianc!ets, ;;',.1 felt ditty 2co
present
impMitia prayer, and cool!,
the'c;at-i-,e time 46 cnniidei•ed it
itUNT wti(lit was wiiat he had
always Contended
The said, not suppoli
,or, and a clause which he should move to be inserted in
the Reform Bill when it came into a Committee,

WOODS AND FORE.S"N.
Lord DUNCA-.611,,T01d move' tile' oider cf' the day finthcisdcOn4ireidinigldtheVaterloo.b.ridge New Street (.fill.
'Aft.; P.' W. 4411ITgY begged If.'oo en t4:11 the atten-
tiop of OP tiollse En tj,e iini4iple involved in the present
bill, in doin so, he counted on the support of those on
the Ministerial side of the House who professed to con-
sider Reform and economy as perfectly synonymous terms
and of Hon. Members on the orpocite ee,hutlg4
cr--,oilceL: to i.ekrzn vav4r.ts prat,-
11 V 13 1 •
tie eJois su-Vot to Iv 1 eh l e was anxious
to invite their attention was one relating to the expen-
diture, without the scrutiny of Parliament, of a consider-
able amount of the public money.' They had in that
House two Chancellors of the Ezche.jue2
two i.;
4.4
r':s;; oi the Enhlic tetourqq 4;e N'oble
LOrd (1;orii) on the treasgry howl); whcl, iqr.unce
Minket', felt himself bound to lay every Session before
the House a full statement of the affairs of his office, the
income and expenditure of the country, Sec ; the other,
the Noble Lord at the head of the Woods and Foresee,
who, like his predecessor, seemed to thin:: it be:-..7ath the
c: his of.:ce f.rLish tiAe tiotzte'elliich e;xpla-
natib' Pie c4entlitirre"of tl a larailin4l itlt7il2'.ed to
management; and whose abstinence on this score was
indeed so countenanced by the large majority of Hon.
Members v/J both aides of the House, that be had only pro

1 forma to give the form of a legislative statute to any
scheme or project of any speculator or jobber to obtain
for it the unquestioning sanction of Parliament.—(Hear•.)
And yet that Noble Lord hail the controul of property
worth 20,000,0001. sterling—(Hear)—producing an
annual revenue available for the public service of upwards
of 700,0001. a-year.—(Hear.) So little, however, had it
been the wont of Parliament to attend to the expenditure of
this important item of the public revenue, owing in a degree
to an illusion, carefully cherished by preceding administra-
tions, that it constituted part and parcel of the hereditary
property of the Crown, that since 1815 not a far-
thing of it had been applied bona fide in the public service.
Now, however, that the present King had in the most
manly manner surrendered all claims on the part of the
Crown to the property of the woods and forests, he ex-
pected that the t.xpenditure would be brought forward
and examined like every other hrr.n:h of the public re•
venue. Such was the main object of the motion with
which he should conclude. And now with respect to the
Bill. He considered it a needless expenditure of the public
money.—at least one in defence of which they had not
heard a syllable. If the Noble Lord has a surplus re-
venue, why not apply it to the improvement of West-
minster•hall—(Hear)—or to providiog a place of security
for the national records, at present exposed to the danger
of fire? or to improving the chambers of the Judges? or
providing the suitors in the several courts a place not ex-
posed to cold and damp, like Westminster-hall?—(Hear)—
or even to providing themselves and the public accommo•
dation in that House?—(Hear.) And what did the Bill
propose to do? Simply to lay out 60,000/, or it might be
twice as much, of the public money, to run a street from
the Strand to Bow-street. The estimate was 55,8001. ;
contingencies, 10 per cent., 5,6001. As a pet-off, they
were told that the Duke of Bedford, whose adjoining pro-
perty would be much benefitted by the propostd sheet,
would subscribe 4,5001., and the Marquis of Exeter—
mark the clumsy delusion—,l2,ooo!. " value of property
to be exchanged."—(Hear, hear.) Did not this attempt
to delude the public into a belief that the Marquis of Exe-
ter had subscribed 12,0001. in aid of the plan, while in
fact he was not subscribing one farthing, is itself justify
inquiry?—(Hear.) He concluded by moving, as an
amendment, that this Bill be recommitted to a Committee
up stairs, in order that they might inquire into its expedi-
ency, and report their opinion thereupon to the House.
Mr. HUME seconded the amendment.

Lord PUICCANNON defeoded his predecessor, Lord
Lowther,—whose loss from the House every Member must
deplore—(Cheers from all sides, in which Mr. Hume cor-
dially joined)—from the insinuations which the Hon. and
Learned Gentleman had made against his official conduct.
He assured the tiptoe, that so far was the Marquis of
Exeter from being benefitted by this alteration, that when
applied to for his consent to making it, be had refused to
grant it, having been advised that it would not be benes-
- but detrimental, to his property. The parties to this
Bill had been told, not only by Lord Lowther, but also
by himself, that Government would give no assistance in
carrying this street further than Long-acre. He had no
wish to press this Bill further than the House wished. If
the House wished this Bill to go again to a Committee, he
would not oppose it, as he considered it as something of
the Tlatnre of is private pin.
Mr. I,V4IIBPIITOti sad, it might be well for the
House to consider whether, if they agreed to m 'king this
new street to I3ow-street, public companies might not con-
tinue it to Tottenham-court-road. If they did, lie would
undertake to say, that the duty received for bricks and tie-
ber would be equal to the whole suns whicli. G.,-,,yerutnent
would have to adpitiep.
The diAI;:6ELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that
if Hon. Gentlemen would not allow the Government to
continue this street to Bow-street, they would never
an opportunity of seeing the antiringic,i's; Pk" the last
spealier fulfilled. lle had no oNeepou to let the Bill IrT
i.e.,co;-iir.lo
After a ile:.ultory oonversation, in which Sir J. Wrot-
tesley, Mr. Croker, Mr. J. Wood, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Alder-
man Wood, and Mr. 11. Gurney, joined, the amendment
was carried, and the Bill was ordered to be recommitted.
Mr. D. W. HARVEY took occasion to obserYe, that lie
had neither cast, nor inten44 to is,ast4 ;iniltqatiplA ii U
th 7. p;Ticial sHleipea oiLard Bear, hen,. )
