SOUTHWARK ELECTION.

Oa Monday evening a in eting of the electors of Ber-
ntondsey and Rotherhithe, to which, by the Reform Bill,
the elective franchise for Southwark has been extended,
was held at the Jamaica Tavern, Jamaica-row, Bermondsey.
The meeting was very numerous and highly respectable.
Mr. VOUSLEY was unanimously called to the Chair,
and briefly stated the object of the meeting, which, they
were aware,was to meet the present excellent Member for
the Borough of Southwark (Mr. Brougham).
Captain PERCY moved a resolution expressive of the
perfect confidence of the meeting in the present represen-
tative of Southwark, William Brougham, E-q., and their
determination to return him their representative in the next
Parliament, without any expense to him, being desirous
of setting an example to their brother electors throughout
the kingeom, of returning their representatives without al-
lowing them to incur any expense.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. RANDAL seconded the motion.

Mr. GAST before the resolution was discussed thought
the electors would wish to hear Mr. Brougham declare
hissentiments.—(Hear, hear.)

Mr. BROUGHAM rose and was loudly cheered. He
said he perfectly agreed in the suggestion of the worthy
Gentleman, that he should declare his opinions on the ins.'
partant questions which must come before the reformed
Parliament very speedily after its meeting, and in the de'
vision on which the whole people were greatly interested.--•
(Hear, Lear.) One of the first of these, and one of the
most pressing necessity, was the present state of the Poor
Laws.—( Hear, hear.) This most important question he'
had reason to believe was at present occupying the most
serious consideration of Government, and that a measure
ben ficial to all classes of the community would he pro.,
nos dto Parliament very soon after it should meet. He
Wetted promise them that the subject should have hie
best consideration ; and that every assistance of which he'
was c triable should be given for the removal of the evils
f the present system.—(Hear, hear.) Another most
i uportant measure that must soon be brought forward,
and without which the Reform Bill would he quite im'
perfect, was a reform in the Church.—(Great applause.)
It was well known to them all that the great body of the
clergy of the establishment, who did all the work, re-
ceived less wages than a gentleman paid his footman,
while those who did no work received enormous in-
comes.—(Great cheering.) There were in the Church
of England 2,999 clergymen who had incomes less
than 1001. a year. This was less, including board,
wages, and livery, than was paid a footman.—(Ceiee
of " Shame, shame.") There were between 700 and 800
clergymen who had but half that income ; while some,
he would not at present go as high as the Bishops
even the Dean of Durham had 9,0001. a year for doing,
nothing.—(Hear, hear, and cries of " Shame, shame.")
One great cause of this crying evil was the system of plw
ralit'es, by which one clergyman got several livings, pro''
during a large incense, then went to reside where be
pleased, employing a curate or.curates at miserable solaria))
to do all -the work.—( Hear, hear.) He would support an
effectual reform of the Church, by'wbich all who laboured
in the vineyard should receive adequate wages; but those
who did no work should receive no pay.—(Great cheering)
and cries of " That's the reform we want.") A Church
reform, to he effectual, must remove the Bishops from the
scene of that warfare they had so long carried on against
the liberties of the people. He was confident the conductl
of the Bishops in the House of Lords bad done more injael
to the Church than the combined attacks of all its oppo'
nents, and he should vote for their immediate retiremeet
from Parliareeut.—(lmmense applause.) He would vote
for the repeal of all the assessed taxes and taxes on knelt"
ledge.—(Hear, hear.) He telt considerable objections to
voting by ballot, and would greatly prefer open voting;
but if it were found that such men as the Duke of Nese'l
castles and the Marquis of Exeter made the ballot neceodd
for the protection of the elector, he would adopt it./
(Hear, hear.) The Corn Laws, he was fully aware, re-
quired immediate revision, and he was prepared, not for
their total repeal at present, but for a small fixed duty.
Mr. EASTMAN asked whether, in the event of the
House of Commons having passed a Bill for the public
good, and the House of Lords refusing to agree to it, be
would vote against granting the supplies ?
that
vcrwould
eentirelyLords
rejecteddepend
tßhee:iimmrm.poßßrtaial°ln:cGhe lieoAf:tthasesafßit:liillyl. the
prepared to vote against granting supplies ; and if the House of Commons should pass'
a Bill for an effectual Reform of the Church, and the
House of Lords should reject it, he would certainly Yets
against granting supplies.—(lmmense cheering, and ale'
of " You'll do.")
In reply to other questions, Mr. BROUGHAM cotteii
dered the present duration of Parliament too long, in,
annual Parliaments too short, and would vote for all/ce
dium duration, it might be three, four, or five years;,e 0
should vote for the immediate abolition of West D
slavery, and of flogging in both army and navy.
Mr. GAST asked whether the Hon. Gentleman Woe
vote for the repeal of the law of primogeniture, which O,
r
bled the aristocratic families to quarter their younred
children on the working people. The corn laws
the price of food for the aggrandizement of the aristocra;
families, and the law of primogeniture gave the land
one son, and threw the rest as a burden on the people. 1,
Mr. BROUGHAM was not prepared to vote for the'
peal of the law of primogeniture.
The resolution was then carried unanimously.
Three hearty cheers were given for Mr. Brougbe
oei:
The meeting separated highly pleased with this first 'r
cise of their franchise.

bandtholfStahteurld7athy
Llaasntceras, psrtiavtaioten,edbealtonwgointtgon_tuoodtllle
Edge, shot himself with a pistol. The ball entered;
left breast, and penetrated within an inch of the ba
from which place it was cut out. He is at present ito
fair way of recovery. No reason has transpired for
committing such an act. Afterwards, and on the 6710
evening, another private, belonging to the band of
same regiment, attempted suicide, but was, fortuoatelP
prevented, at a great personal risk.--Bristol Mercurt
re
The
IMPORTANT TO MERCHANTS,
tya
was lately decided in the Sheriff Court of Glasgow of
following case :—A ship-agent claimed from a ship.roj,
brokerage on a freight per charter, procured for his ve';s
on a voyage to and from Archangel, back to the Clyde, ,
the ground of the agent having, on the roaster's emploo
went, introduced him to the merchant charterer, and
the usual preliminaries of the transaction. Defence, Phs
A denial of employment ; and, 2dly, An averment that Sot
transaction was effected or closed between the ehartlat
and the owner of the vessel through the medium of WI/
ship-agent. The original employment of the pursuers!).
the ship-master, as well as the above introduction of.oi•
parties to each other, and the performance of the preli yo,
varies, werete pro
ship-agentsved;an in
such
dthe point
a catos
ebwe
edetermined talei
which
by the er
or us age of the trade, entitled to the brokerage. Tvi,°balf
perienced and respectable ship-agents, adduced lo ""orr
of the pursuer, proved that he (the first agent) wn the
ginally introduced the parties to each other, and Of
preliminary business (no matter the after intervetigbt
the owner and the agent), was, by the rule or usage .°0
trade, alone entitled to the brokerage. The Sheri
tided accordingly.

818 T.HS. S
On the 12th inst. at Hampstead, the lady of V.
• riecXett•
Esq., of a son.
On the 11th inst. in Sylvester-row, Hackney, Mrs. aJ.
ling, of a son.
