Killed.

--rl.—General Staff, I major.--2d Batt. 24th Foot, 1 rank
file.--ist Batt. 41d Foot, 2 lieutenants, 1 serjeant, :32
and file.-2d Batt. 58th Foot, 1 rank and file,--lst
2•l7;tt. 7Sth Foot 5 rank and file.-Ist Bng att. Line, Ki's
' • '
AL, trman Legzon, I serjeant.
..-1 neaten...lt, 1 ensign, .1 staff, 2 serjeants, 10
and hie.

kr • Wo-anded.
(t'sk.—C4!ldstream Cnar:ll. serjeant. prank and file.—

7:1 r:ont Gnit:3l, 9 tank ar.d Batt: ,24,th Foot-1
;",leant, IC rank and file.--let Platt. 42d Fobt, 3 captains,
lieutenantl, I volunteer, 10 s•...rjeants, 1 drummer, 153
`'nk,and f.le —2d 13att. 58th Foot, 1 captain; 1 lieutenant,
I '
3-el:leant, II rank and file.-sth Batt. sebtlrFoot, 1 lku,
llant, 7 rank and file.-Ist Batt. 79th Foot, 2 lieutenants,
nerjeants, 29 -.T.11.1-i and file.
plguese.—i c:iptain, 1 lieutenant, 3 ensigns, 5 serjeants)
rank and tile%

, Missing:
~ejtG"U~zcese.h
Eatt. 60t.b Foot-, 1 rank and file., ,
' nd ,an.t.t a _ .
2i; riaor, 3 lieutenants, 1 ensign, 1
tf, rank aul
("Idefl.-5 eap;ains, 7 lieutenants, 3 ensigns, 21 serjeauts,
1097 rank and file.
rank and file.
anles of the British Officers Killed and Wounded.
nerrepoint, AsFistant Quartef-Master-Ge-
'al .Perrnauent Staff.--42d Rest. Ist Batt. Lieuts. Gre-
✓,Vorson arid Mihe.
Rert. Ist Batt. Captains Irn Villiason and
14vidso.i, and Lient...Ts.'Stewart, slightly; Capt. ;Nl4Kenzte,
Fraser, -and Volunteer John Lane,, severely.—Wh
t,,eg• 2d Batt. ('apt. Dudgeon, slishtly; and Lieut. Carter,
,▪ 1Z1.°:•:-.-50th Ber4t. •sth Batt:. nt. O'Heher, severely.-
1,;'" 11.7 t. Ist Batt. Lieut. Graht",-E6rerely, and Lieut.
several;, since dead.

12411.1-11.1
reiallit, 1

CITY OF LONDON.

Yesterday being:the first day of the.EleCtiOn;
ninrierous motley assembly Collected" at:Guildhall.
About half-past twelve the Lord Tadydr . and Al-.
&mien .arried, and appeared On the hustings
abOht one o'clock. The usual proclamatiOn being
read;
The tOr.D MAVon came fdrward, and offered
him Self as orie of the CandidateS for the I~epre•
Sentation of the City in Parliament.
: His 1/0111Shili WaS aware, -he said, that he lay
under great disadvantages in coining forward to
Solicit votes for this purpose, while he held his
Present high office, in the execution of the duties
of which he was so much exposed to the oppro-
brium of 'the people. -it being his lot to exer-
cise the duties of his office as Lord ..liaYor•When
there was a cry orstarvationj he was well assured
this must operate to his prejudice, from an
• impression On: the public mind that :he was to
blame for this. But he could from his- conscience
say, that no man laboured More strenuously than
he did to reduce the price of bread, but this reEted
on laws over which he had no controUl. He had,
however,, the satisfaction of saying, that he
derstood the price of bread was to be reduCed to-•
morrow.—(Loud
.cheering.) Should he enjoy the
honour of being chosen for one of the Represen-
tatives of this great City in Parliament, it would
always be his study to promote che,welfareof the,
commercial and shipping interests, to support the
Constitution of the country,,and to promote with
assiduity the interests of his fellow-citizens.
A Mr. THOMSON now "came forward, but Could,
not be heard.
•
Sir W. Cuwrfs, in soliciting votes for his re-
election, referred to his conduct during the long-
period he had represented the City in Parliament,
and said he would continue with unabated ardour
to promote the interest of the Country, and of
this City in particular. His principles were well
known, and he would continue to maintain the
same loyalty and independence which he had in-
variably manifested.
'Mr. Alderman corai3E said he would continue
as he had hitherto done, to support the interests
Of the City.', His principles were familiar to every
one; and if he should have the hon Our again to-be
'elected as one of the Representatives of the City,
he would continue to promote its intersts with
the some warmth which be had already dis-
played. , I

Sir JAMp SHAW appealed to his conduct during
the period in which he had enjoyed the honour of
representing the City in Parliament.. He had al-
ways manifested, by his conduct, how dear the in-
terests of, his country, and this.Citv in particular,
were to his heart. Should he be re-elected, no
eiforts on his part should be wanting to continue
the same line of conduct which he had hitherto
nursed.

Mr. Mclennan Woos said, he cameforivard as
a new candidate, and was sensible that as such tie
lay, under material disadvantages. He had not
canvassed for a single vote, because he wished.no
vote which was not given from principle; he did
not wish a vote from any man who did not ap-
prove of his principles. He had been a constant
friend to freedom, and his voice should e%rbe for
civil and religious liberty.
• •
Mr. Alderman ATKr s 110,W came. foniard, but
the'uproar was so prodigious that we could not
hear What be said.

WAITHM AN then came forward, "and 'alter
many ineffectual attempts to procuring a hearing,
was obliged to retire.
Mr. Alderman ATKINS again came forward. He
said, that he always appeared with-satisfaction to
himself on an beesioi) of this kind, from a con-
sciousness that he had always discharged his public
duties with reed/fide. How far he might he qua-
lified for rspresenting the City in! Parliament,. it
was better-for others to judge than him to say.
Tqany years experience intrude, by enabling him
to judge how .its interests could be best promoted,
made,him aspire to this trust., He would .prot,cet
the privileges and maintain the dignity of the City.
Ile recollected, with -pride the thanks which had
So frequently been returned to him for his serViccs
in Supt orting the, interests- of -his fellow citizens :
he had always heena friend to order and the Con-
stitution, bat would never support Government
against /he interests of the City.
Mr. WA iTxntAN.apologized for having gone for=
ward before the worthy Alderman (Atkins) had
obtained a hearing. His actions, and principles
were well known, and by them heimust stand or
fall. This was a day for examination of the ac-
tions and principles of those who offered themselves
as Candidates.. It was a day, however, which did
not occur so often as it should. He should take a
review of the actions of his predecessors. He had
read all their advertisements and declarations; from
them it appeared they were determined to support
the Constitution, and in this they all agreed. How
then did it happen be had been for many years at
direct hostility with them on this very subject
Professions must go for nothing. We have seen
our 'Constitution ruined, and seats in Parliament
offered. for sale. The man who had proposed the
disgraceful expedition to Walcheren Was now at
the head of the Government. For .twenty years
had he opposed those principles which had now
brought the natioh to the brink of ruin. Had the.
many netitions.againsk 'war which he had present-
ed been attended to, the torrents of blood that,
have been spilt, and the millions of money-that
haie been expended, would have been saved. -It-
had beeh said that a shop-keeper " was not fit to
have a seat' in Parliament p—he appealed to the
Electors Whether this ought to be the case. He
had been engaged eighteen, years :in the public
service without-any reward. Who could he more
fit to represent the City of London than one of
its shop-keepers ?
Mr. THOMSON again came forward, but could
not obtain-a hearing.
Tito respective Candidates were then nominated,
and 'the shew of hands was greatest for. Sir W.
Curtis, Alderman Wood, Alderman Combe, and
Mr. Waithman. On the nomination of Sir James
Shaw and Alderman-Atkins, there was a consi-
derable display of hands; but Very inferior to the
other four:

.Pretions to the commencement of the poll, the
LORD 211Atoa exproscd his determination to
decline. - .

c.

ose b.

e po

the numbers were-
t•

Alderrni!.A.Combe iqi
i!af. wr;ithii;a1.l
AldcfaLuilVood. 95

Sir 54
Alderman Atkins 39
Sir J. Shaw.... i 36

Mr. WA/THMANT then came forward and thank-
ed the Electors for the support he had that day
received. The= war against corruption was now
c6mmenced, ands he hoped their exertions would
not cease until it was eompletely !nit down. lie
•was,he Confessed, brit a very bumble member Of
Society, no; did. he cone
,forward with any view
to personal, aggra-ndizetnent, but merely to bring
his support to such measures as he merely
t be
itylispenSahle to the salvation of the country.,
Alderinan Woob then came forward.' ei-
pressed-bii for the Support he had.rc-
ceived, and lamented *the contitinance'of a wa.r in
which. so many thousand lives were sacriaced:
'The other Candidates endeaVoUred to address
the people, but the uproar Ivas so great, that they
could not be heard.

WESTMINSTEtn. , • .
Yesterday a Burdettite Meeting of 'the Electors
Of Westminster was held at tile ,Crown and An-
chor, Mr. STIiRCH: in the Chair.
Mr. STU' 11CH opened .the bUsiness by reading
the advertisement by. which they had been called
together. He then addressed the Meeting at con-
siderable length.---Ile acknowledged this was, not
intended to be a General Meeting, but to consist
merely of the friends to purity of electiOn ; if,
therefore, any persons Were there who were not
friends so purity.of eleetion, and who wished cor-
ruption to mairitain its ground, who thought war,
slavery, confidence in the present Government;
and increased taxation Were preferable to scm-iriti
and peace;it tai tt be proper to inform such per-
sons that they came Onyited.i It had pleased
Government to afford theni.another osieortnni-
ty of choosing RepresentatiSes. in whu:a they
could confide. Ministers Might have denied. them
this opportunity one year foa;,;cr, and doubtless
they would haVe done so, had not a dissolution 'at:
this time answered 'their"lown purposes, which,,
however, it was here Unnecessary for him to men-
tion. It was sUllicient for them that they were
now permitted to exercise that'pouser, which they
were not allowed to exercise so often ought,.
to be exercised, as according to the ,ancient law
of the land they bad a right to elect their Repre-
sentatives in Parliament once a year, or oftener if
need be ; hut by a modern'Act of Parliament, the
passing of which was little short of treason to the
Constitution if the Country, they were only per-
mitted to ,:eleet persons to serve in Parliament
once in Seven" Years, unless, as in the present in-
stance, by the graCe and special favour of Mini.-
sters, they were indulged • -with the. exercise of
their right more frequently than WAS allowed by
the Act. The duty they were called upon to per-
form was, to choose two persens to rep; esentthem
in Parliament; -who It,-ould be.'. the firm supporter's
And defenders of that portion of liberty which still
remained to them, and the strenuous advocates
for the restoration of that of Which they had Been
deprived. All elections were necessarily attended
with some expellee : but he was happy to say that
that expense had been reduced,,and-that by a late
Act of Parliament; it was defined proportion
of the attendant expellee. ought, and what ought
nOt,tojse horn: by the Candidates. From a cal-
Culation. recently made, it . appeared that.the ex-
pence of electing two persons to serve in Parlia-
ment, supposing them to walk over the course
(and consequently the least possible. expenee.
in -
e'urred) would felt litte short of 8001. That it
so great, was to be regretted, and he hoped
to this evil a remedy would be applied; but-as the
case stood at present, an expellee to thataniount
Must necessarily fall on the -electors or elected.
The principle on which the people of WeStminster
had, acted, was to send their Representatives to
Parliament free of expence, that no Man might have
it sin his power to say to them, that as he had
bought his seat; to reimburse himself it was ne-
cessary to sell his vote.. If this principle were now
to lie abandoned for one single moment,. in his
opinion, they would once undo all their:work,
and render; useless that- glorious example
,which
they livi Set to other }lectors fiye.years'ago, 'and
which had and''Which was still doing so
much good in various parts of the kingdom.: The
sum necessary, to return aßepresentative free of
expellee would be made up.by a very small sulb-
scription from each ; and. he hoped no man who
wished to be faithfully and-honestly represented in
Parliament, would hesitate to contribute his mite:
Of those who subscribed for the .return, of-Sir
Francis Burdett, five years ago, be trusted, there.
was not one living who_ would not, if necessary,
come forward.,on the present occasion to do the
same ; and, to these, he trusted, .might- be added,
thousands of others, who had seen hiS'Parliasneti
tarn conduct, and seen in. it all that could endear
Representativeto his ConStituents. That the
Hon.. Baronet had not come forward to solicit
their suffrages,. was in ,consequence of its beicg
a principle with,bial, that it was the' business of
EleCtors to look out for fit persons to represent
.them, and not the business of private Gentlemen
to push themseryes forward, and endeavour to per-
suade the Electors to choose then]. Whether this
was or was
.not a correct. principle, he would not,
decide ; but if the Hon Baronet conceived it to
be right, as an honest man he could only act as be
had:done, Tire conduCtof Lord Cochrane had
been somewhat different, as he had addressed two
letters to the Committee for, Maintaining the Pu-
rity of Election, which had been received by Mr.
:Brooks, in which he had explained his sentiments
on various sahjects.. These letters, he had' no
doubt; it would be their pleasure to hear read,
and when they had been 'read, he (the Chairman)
should be happy to hear any .Gentleman on the
subject of their Meeting:
Ihanis spoke in favour of electing their
Representatives free of expence; 'as when a per-
son paid, to get a seat in Parliament, 6,000,
1.0,000, or 50,0001. (as had 'been paid in a. late
election), such a person must be expected to re-
imburse himself I,y selling his vote. He then
read certain resolutioris in favour of election with-
out corruption, and declaratory of the intentions
of the city, of Westminster to return its Repre-
sentatives free of expellee. These were carried
unanimously. The two letters mentioned by Mr. Sturch as
having been received froth Lord Cochrane were
then read,

e first stated it to be his Lordship's intention
to submit his conduct to that scrutiny which it
must undergo in an election, conscious as he was
that his conduct had in no instance beer. regulated
by private or petSonal inotires, or by any relation,"
between him and Ministers. If in ally instance
he mightappear tO have erred, he was ready to
explain the grodnds on whihh-he had given his
vote on every occasion: It was impossible for au
individualsuccessfully to carrs'any measure Jgailist
corruption, in opposition to' those who were in
power. Hs eiliressed;iihrnself hisstileto sinecure
places, which' were trafe as Was supposed, a bur-
'den of known -am4Sitit. He was convinced that
their abolition ..woold relieve the CloWn fI ow a
state of thraldom., remove the evils of a depre-
ciated currency, and leave the countay no reason
to complain' of enormously disproportioned
eleertion'S:'• It 'would go to sreake our navy
more cifectivil'than it was at present, when two-
tilirds of the friths of its exertions, and sometimes
more, were taken. away to -defray the expences
„attending the condemnation of a legal capture.—
The last mentioned fact he could have e2biblished,
if he had been able to indOce the- Hbuse to look at
the proofs lie was ready to offer. He was anxi-
ous that his abserice lately from Parliament shoeld
be' known to haVe been caused by ill heaith, and
• not by any -disposition to tamper with Mioistees
for employment, though in the execution of plans
which would fuily empioy Trance in her own de-
fence, instead of- leaeing ho;' at leisere to over-
run the countries‘of our allies : and, floally,, tte
pied ed 'iii stit ,to prove that:ten sniliions might
annually be saved to the country, wh;le its rela-
tive st'reiso,th was increeed.
•
The second letter set forth that some Gentle-
men had .noticed„•as an omission, ids -not having
,stater iIl hisefor.wer !each- his sentiments wiin re-
spe.ct to a farliamentaryßethros., •11.: ei7ro-
neousty supposed that on this head they would
judge of bios by the east for the future. ile n isv
pledged himself. on all occasions to vote for a•Re- •
form, from the persuasion that the ruin of the
eotintry_could by that alone be averted. lle would
support-every meosure for the .abolition Of sine-
cures, which served in Parlianlent to form a bond
of u alfhl against the country, ainthe was disposed to
-think, that if theadvocates for Parliamentary. Re=
-form were to direct their exertions to thiS point,
reforin itself would. not be so distant as it now
seemed. With respect to the Catholic Question,
so long as the: inquisitorial powef and- despotic
whfch the Catholic influence upheld on
the Continent- were connected With it, he was
hostile to it, but he was willing to concede eman,
cipation to the cots of Ireland, if, for the freedom
.61 liiglishmen, they would give up the jurisdiction
of the Pope; A naval officer, hecontended, was
necessatY tO Parliament. Ha eras no adVocate for
ft.Ogging; tilotigh he maintained that our fleets
could not at 'present be managed without power
to lAict it but the necessity foil it would cease
'when Parliamentary •infiuence should 110 longer
place fOtili and boys in command.
TWo Resolutions describing Sir E. Burdett
.and Lord Cochrane as fit and proper persons to
represent the City of Westmiaster, were then
put. 'The
.first was 'carried unanimously. Oa
that whieil related to Lord Cochrane being read,
Major CARTWRIGHT rose. He did not - know
how to oppose the Resolution, hut he thought'
some additional pledge ought to be required from
Lord Cochrane. In one of the letters which had
been read:frorn his Lordship, certain plans were
mentioned, the execution of which, he conceived,
might call for his personal services, and deprive
the City of Westminster, in the present awful
state of the 'Empire, of one of its Representatives.
Ile thought they could not dispense With his ser-
vices in Parliament while abroad, as it was im-
pressed on his mind that in the-coining Parlia-
ment the libertiesof England would rise again, or
set for ever. He Wished to know if his Lordship
were ordered on -foreign service, whether or not
lie would. bo ? They ought to requiee of him a
pledge that he would .not, as-the battle for Eag-
iish•lib=ty was to lie fought, not 'hi the Mediter-
rauean, but itr.St. Stephen's Chapel. ,-He himself
(the Major) was au officer, and in the American
war had refused to goon foreign •service, because
he thought it, inconsistent with the duty lie had to
discharge, at home. He wished Lord Cochrane to
be interrogated on this'sebject:
After a, short conversation,. the Major moved,
" That Lord Coebrants should be requested to as-
sure the ElectorS, that if elected he would not
quit the country on' foreign service."
Mr. Witee;Ea seconded to motion.

PacHAßosoN opposed' it, as' .calling for a
pledge vvhich it would tie disgraceful to nis Lord-
ship to give, and thought the motion could only
have beet invade with a disposition to oppose his
election.

. So me confusion arose here. _Several persons-
addressed the Chair at once. Mr. 1,7,11,:er, and a
young man, .who was -not, known, distinguishe4
themselves L-y the zeal with which they supported
the resolution;

Mr. GiBSO:CS attempted to address the assema
bly„.but tu4 with much opposition.'. lie asserted
his right to be hear 4, and reminded them, that on
a former, occasion he had reCeived their thanks in
that room, and further stated, that•he ha 4 never
abused •any trust which had been committed
tU
him. [lle was,-here again interrupted ; but the
Chairman having exerted .himself to restore or-
der, he spoke xt some length against the Resolu-
tion.] He contended that there were abli...es anti
instances of corrupt* which a Naval Officer
could alone detect, and those enormnos abuses
existed in the Navy which' were said t 4 exist,
thotrzh they might lose their Representative for a
time, while h was employed in bringing such
abuses to light, they ti'ould have little reason to
lament his absence on such an occasion.

The question was put, when the young roan we
have mentioned wished to read the opinion of Sir
F. Burdett on ti Naval Ol&er's having a seat in
Pa►liament. This was over-ruled, and she Reso-
lution was put and negatived. The Chairman was
about to put the original question, when the same
active young Gentleman wished to propose a new
Resolution. Here Mr. Richardson begged to ask
if the person who had thus distinguished himse.f
was an Elector i To this the modest young/Gen-
tleman gave no . answer, but observed that the-
Centlenian nest him (Tr. Walker) wished to

.love' it. Mr. Richardson repeated his question,
but the youth -made'no reply.
WALl7R,then rose to move, ";-That Lord
tor} cane, if . elected, should pledge himself to
accept of the Chiltern "Hundreds, and vacate his
seat, if ordered on service."
The Chairma-n put it to the vote, if any new
question. should be put before tht original one
was disposed of, and the proposition was nega-

Lived.
After a-short conversation between Mr. Sturch
Ana Major Cartwright, ,in which the. latter Stated
the. object, of his resoinkiol to be, to draw. from
Lord Cochrane a declaration, before the election,
wlwther he will or will not go on foreign service,
if ordered,- after his election. The question was
put and carried, though the she w. of hands 'was so.
equal, that the Chairman could not positively de-
cide 'which pixrty had!it. Inclining,
„however, to
the opinion that it was carried in the affirmative,
it was considered as so carried. The Itet,olntron
for appointing a. Committee Wag then put and
carried ; the thanks of the Meeting were given to
the Chairman ; and (Mr: Sturela having returned
thanks) the,meeting broke up.
