[MORNING HERALD:]

From a few circumstances that liave lately come
to our knowledge, we have no doubt but that
Iturbide, the late Emperor of Mexico, has sailed
with the intention of again occupying the throne.
It is highly probable, that after the Mexican
Constitutionalists had got rid of him, and had
banished him to Italy, under the pretence of
paying him yearly a handsome sum of money,
that they never paid him one farthing. This sup-
posed omission on their part is not, however, mat,
ter for surprise, as it is more than probable that
they had not the money wherewith to pay him,
except they could have raised more loans in Eng-
land. We have heard it mentioned that those at the
bottom of the scheme for the restoration of Itur-
bide are the Catholic Clergy of Mexico, who
were beginning to be alarmed, lest the Consti,
tutionalists, in imitation of other Constitutionalists,
should get rid of them and of their temporalities,
in order to a division of the spoil. Iturbide haS
very likely promised the priesthood that if he
succeed in his enterprise, he will preserve to
them their religion and their temporal posses-
sessions. It will not be long, we think, before we
hear that Iturbide has arrived, and that, like his
modern prototype, Buonaparte, he has again
seized the Emperorship. The next affair that
his Imperial Majesty would turn his attention to
would be a loan from this country ; and we
rather suspect that,in the course of a few months,
not only his Mexican Majesty, but his Brazilian
Majesty, will be endeavouring, by the proffer of
large interest and good bonusses, to coax the
money out of Englishmen's pockets. Of course
the Mexican and Braziliau revenues from mines
and commerce, and its profits from tobacco, will
be proposed to be mortgaged as a security ; and
some parchment bonds,
with a parcel of unintel-
ligibly-written foreign names attached to them,
will be lodged,
by the English contractors
with ali due
and for m
theiran d
icieorteamryo,nyh;
n
the iron chests of the Bank of Englantl
in his
tltitss
been asserted that Iturbide will be assisted
schemes by the French Government, but this we
lo not consider probable ; for that Government
'would rather secure such a territory to itself, if
it could bring it about without exciting too much
the jealousy of its neighbours.

[MORNING CHRONICLE.]
Very late letters have been received from the
Mexican Republic. Those from the capital are
dated on the, sth and those from Alvarado on

the 14th of May.:--The most perfect tranquillity
continued to prevail throughout the Union. An
express bad been received in the city of Mexico,
announcing the arrival on the coast of Mr.
O'Gorman, with the terms on which the Loan
had been contracted in England, and the circum-
stance itself of British subjects lending their aid
to this young Republic, had given additional
stability to the Government. The acknowledg-
ment of its independence by the king of Eng.
land would instantly consolidate the power of
the Mexican G overnment, and it is detrimental to
the true interests of British manufactures any
longer to delay the acknowledgment of a fact,
and the performance of an act of justice, in de.
ference to the feelings of the Catholic King of
Spain, whe is as beloved by his subjects us he is
celebrated for his virtue and honesty in the Bri-
tish Empire. A convoy of one and a half million
of dollars was on its way to Alvarado, to be
shipped on board his Majesty's frigate the Forte,
for England, in payment of British labour, con-
sumed by the inhabitants of this populous and
wealthy state of America. The Loan by Eng-
land to the Mexican Government is insignificant
when compared with the remittances which are
almost monthly made by Mexican merchants to
England, and yet this is the State which the Bri-
tish Government hesitates to acknowledge, and
of which the friendship is hazarded, in deference
to antiquated claims, which originated in lawless
violence, in cruelty, and fraud. From Bogota
a letter has been received, dated on the 29th
April, at which time no late intelligence had
been received from General Bolivar in Peru.—
There was a report tirculuted in the capital of
Colombia of the revolt of a black regiment at
Callao, and as the same circumstance has been
mentioned in the New York Papers, in letters
from Guayquil, dated on the 19th February,
there is reason to fear that it has some founda-
tion, although it it may be the same ru-
mour which has reached both New York and
Bogota, Guyaquil being the place from which
it had been originally transmitted. —lt is
proper, however, to state that this mu-
tiny is represented to have broken out on the
s`'

h February, and there is a letter in London,
ated in Lima on the 10th of that month, which
sakes no mention of such an unfortunate occur-
'ence. This is, however, no proof that it had not
tappened. Six thousand Colombian troops had
received orders to be ready for service, a part to
be passed over the Isthmus to Panama, and then
re-embarked for Peru, and the remainder to be
shipped at Guayaquil. The result of the Peru.
vian war is not doubtful, although circumstances
may retard its speedy accomplishment.

[BRIM!! PRESS.

Some very imiiortant intelligence was received
yesterday from Trinidad, respecting the proposed
regulations fur the future treatment of the slaves
in that colony. A general meeting of the ina.,
bitants, most numerously and respectably at.
tended, was Geld at Port Spain, on the 7th of
May, at which a Petition to the Governor was
caviled, praying his Excellency to suspend the
promulgation of the late Order in Council.—
A Committee was nominated for presenting this
Petition, and it was signed by above two
hundred persons before the meeting separated

The Chair was filled by Mr, .Catlett, a highly
respectable Colonist, who, previously to entering
on the business of the day, made some sensible
observations on the benevolent design with which
his Majesty's Ministers had framed the Order in
Council. The Chairman expressed his confidence
that this consideration would induce the Colonists
to adopt a becoming tone in the language they
might use on an occasion so deeply interesting to
them. This caution does not appear to have
been given in vale. If we differ in some respects
from the arguments of the Colonists we cannot
too much applaud the temper with which they con-
ducted their proceedings. The principal speaker
was the lion. Mr. Bursley, who, in an address
of great force and ability, entered into the gene-
ral question of colonial slavery, and criticised
with great severity the applicability of the Order
in Council to the present condition of the popu-
lation for whose improvement it was drawn up.
This gentleman's speech was remarkable for an
entire abstinence from all personal reflections
upon the " abolitionists." Under the trying cir-
cumstances in which the West Indians have
lately been situated, and knowing how
here! mixed bodies, possessing a common in-
terest, usually are, we consider these compl?-
meuts not more honourable to those on whom they
are bestowed, than to those by whom they are
given. One fact connected with the abolition of
the- slave trade was brought forward by Mr.
Burnley, and commented upon with great effect.
Common Justice to the colonists requires that
it should be stated in his own language :
" One circumstance attended this final act of
abolition, which had much surprised him. Three
months had been allowed to elapse after the pass-
ing the Bill in the House of Lords, during which
time slave ships had been allowed to clear out
from England to Africa, and the West Indies,
without limitation as to number or tonnage ; the
been a glut of slaves in
consequence of this had
this unhappy Colony, which none could credit but
those who had witnessed it. Their numbers far
exceeded the wants or the means of the inhabit-
ants to pay for. They were forced upon them by the
slave dealers on any terms.—' Take them at 1,2,
3 years' credit :—pay for them when you
please, and how you please ;' and numbers of
them had not been paid for to the present day,
as Gentlemen present could testify. Thus had
the British nation evaded her own act—and thus,
by commercial finesse and immense capital,
had the slave trade been virtually continued in
the island of Trinidad even up to the present
day; for it might safely be said of every
African who yet remained unpaid for, that
he never would have been dragged from
his native shores, had that Act limited, as it

ought to have done, the finnl supply to the actual
demand ; which might easily have been effected by
declaring the sale of every negro slave, for an
extended term of credit, illegal." It is singular
that this fact, which must obviously have pro-
duced consequehces so disastrous both to the
slaves and their masters, should not have been
noticed by any of the writers on the subject.
