AFFAIRS OF PORTUGAL.

Colonel DAVIES gave notice that on Thursday- next
he should call the attention of the House to the affairs of
Pottuvd, with a view to elicit the approbation of the
House of Commons relative to the course pursued by Mi-
nisters towards that country.
The other orders of the day were then disposed of, and
the House adjourned at two o'clock.

ANECDOTE OF THE LATE Mn. KEAN.—
When this celebrated actor was last in Nottingham, he was
invited to dine with a party of "gallant gay Lotharios,"
who wished to hear a specimen of hie oratotical powers.
KEAN, by some means, having leirned the reason of his
invitation, accepted it. After dinner, his health was
drank, and he rose to return thanks—in an instant the
deepest silence prevailed, aed he addressed the company to
the following effect:—" Gentlemen, in the words of our
immortal bard, I beg to reply,
" Beggar I am, ever, in thanks,
But I do thank you."
He then sat down, and soon after retired, leaving the com-
pany overwhelmed with chagrin and disappointment.—
Nottingham Wreath.

BURKE'S PEERAGE AND BARONETAGE .
—The new edition of this established manual of rank and
distinction presents several new features of attraction.
The Peerages under discussion before the House of Lords
have been minutely detailed in it with a full explanation
of the claims upon which the respective petitions to Par-
liament seek the restoration of suspended honours. Nu-
merous historical and biographical anecdstes, and several
anrdgi
ve aarlei ofn the amusementremoteat tdoe
gt
ei this mai;
isetduseful curious and rare papers, will also be found to contribute a
i
icnoemntpehnoduisuems
which has been so extended as to embrace almost every
so that its collateral information is now considerably more
copious than that of any similar work hitherto published.
INFLUENZA.—This complaint has become sas
general here, that there is a scarcely a family in the town
or its vicinity which has not been visited by it. Men,
women, and children—persons of all ages and occupations
—the clergyman in his pulpit, the player on the stage, the
e cough
non c
otabeee bench,rt,
and
andare successively
seirvcehl
yan
driven
rai
ehni s
to counter,wal.
warm
all
diluents and to bed. The attack generally lasts from four
subsequentdeiotus etf o,
are effects c“
proportionally harmless.f
the in fl u e nsa being an epi.
(which are
to six days ; but when taken in time is much milder in
often
ewrhoharersraeec
thanter
seems
the and
be iistse
n disease
dtoh
demic, caused,by sudden transitions of temperature, as the
atmosphere has this season bon peculiarly variable.--
Inverness Courier.

M

MINERAL MAGNETISM.

(From the Lancet of Saturday, June I.)
Some experiments which seem to promise results of
considerable interest and practical importance in medicine,
are at present being pursued in certain of the metropolitan
hospitals, on patients afflicted with neuralgia, tie d"1"-
reux, toothach, and other immediate affections of the
nerves. We allude to the application of a magnet to the
parts suffering pain from those diseases. We abstain from
communicating to our readers at present any thing more
on the subject than we have had satisfactory me Ina of
ascertaining to be rigidly exact on the score of truth.
Three instances only have, in fact, as yet occurred under
circumstances which enable us to speak without hesitation
of the power possessed by the instrument alluded to, over
diseases of the human frame. These we shall give, ob
serving, that the employment cf the magnet has nothing
to do with the art denominated " animal magnetism."
Our readers will remember the interesting case of neu-
ralgia of the finger at St. Thomas's hospital, upon which
Dr. Elliotson stated in a clinical lecture, reported in our
434th Number, that he had exhausted his store of reme
dial agents, without developing a shade of improvement. A
more severe case, probibly, was never subjected to treat-
ment. The man left the hospital for a time, totally unre-
lieved, but soon afterwards returned, when, in accordance
with a suggestion, as Dr. Elliotson has since observed in
one of his clinical lectures, of a correspondent of this Jour-
nal, the colchium nutumhale was tried in the case, with
out, however, the slightest benefit being derived therefrom.
The sedative powers of the lobelia inflata then suggest-d
to the Doctor the propriety of giving the patient the chance
of that medicine. The grounds on which it was employed,
proved to be in a great measure correctly founded. The
man took the lobelia, in increasing do.es, every hour, be-
ginning with seven drops of the tincture, and adding a drop
to each progressive dose, until as large a quantity had been
reached as could be taken without deranging the functions
of the stomach. Great amelioration of the affection fol-
lowed this treatment. The patient, who was before unable
even to cross the ward, or bear the slightest cutting of his
finger-nails, and had become emaciated to the extretnest
degree, from pain and sleeplessness, was soo❑ enabled to
walk out of doors, and enjoy many hours of rest, recovered
his good looks, and became comparatively cheerful.
The relief, however, was very far from being either
perfect or permanent. The continued exhibition of the
medicine was demanded to secure any portion of rest.
A short time since, however, a new remedial agent pre-
sented itself, in the form of the magnet. The hospital
was visited by (we believe) Dr. Kyle first, and subse-
quently by a physician of the name of Blundell, a friend of
the former gentleman, who followed up the application
begun by Dr. Kyle. The lobelia inflata was allowed by
Dr. Elliotson to be suspended, and the effect of the magnet
tried. That effect was, we learn, a very decided one ; the
pain was, on every application of the instrument, removed,
and continued absent for several hours. The distance,
however, at which the operator resided from the hospital
prevented, and still prevents, the daily use of the instru-
ment, or, the impression on the patient's mind is, that it
would perform a cure.

On Tuesday last, the Dr. Blundell already mentioned
re-attended the hospital, at the hour of Dr. Elliotson's
visit, when, in the presence of the pupils and our reporter,
he drew forth the magnet, and commenced its application
to tb.e patient's finger.
The instrurn,nt is of the horse-shoe form, about ten
inches in its long axis, and five in its short, composed of
five layers of metal, the central being the longest, anti the
whole bound with stout riband. The patient was at the
time apparently suffering considerable pain, and unable to
use his hand. The north pole of the magnet was gently
passed five or six times down the sides and back of the
tniddle finger, and then rested on the central joint. The
result was, such a cessation of suffering, that he could
gnash his fingers into the palm of his hand with ease and
comfort, and he declared himself to be entirely relieved.
The power of the instrument, however, did not cease here.
Dr. Blundell showed that it possessed the means of repro-
ducing the pain in the most intense form. The south
pole of the magnet was directed along the finger. At the
third pass the patient began to bite his lip, and close his
eves with an expression of pain. At a few passes more
his chin was involuntarily buried in his breast, and his
wrinkled features evinced the acutest suffering. This was
allowed to continue for a few seconds, when the north
pole was again presented to the finger, and the agony
speedily annealed. The spectators then left the man
with a countenance perfectly tranquil. At the ex-
tremity of the ward lay an elderly lady, a martyr to
tic- douloureus in the lower jaw, extending to the ear, and
affecting a large portion of the head. The disease, eh,'
stated, was of more than nine years duration, and had
never ceased to afflict her for a day during that period up
to her entrance into the hospital. Her appearance was
proportionably miserable.. The magnet had also been ap-
plied in her case, and with similar advantage, as she stated.
On the present occasion, it was found on approaching her
bed, that she was that morning free from pain, and tee aid
of the magnet was not needed. " But cannot you show
its power by producing the pain ?" inquired a by-stander.
The suggestion was acted on. The south pole of the
magnet was passed from the centre of the chin along the
lower jaw-bone up to the ear. At the third pass the poor
woman indicated that the tic was commencing, and in a
few seconds more the affection was experienced intensely.
The process was then stopped, as the experiment was car-
ried far enough to satisfy all present of its consummation,
and after a brief space the presentation of the north pole
wholly freed the sufferer from pain. The operator subse-
quently stated that by continuing the passes he could have
carried the pain on to the production of delirium.
There is a female patient in another ward who had suf-
fered intense toothach for three months, when, a fort-
night since, according to her own evidence, which we have
no reason to doubt, it was instantly cured by one applica-
tion of the magnet, through the medium of a key, and had
not returned in the slightest degree up to the period of the
visit on Tuesday last.
These are very interesting facts. 'We present them to
our readers unaccompanied by comment. Toe specific
name given to his instrument by Dr. Blundell, is that of
"mineral magnet." How far its application to disease
admits of extension, we are at present ignorant.

DEATH of SIMON BYRNE, the PUGILIST.

On Friday last a prize fight took place between SIMON
I3YRNE, the Champion of Ireland, and Deaf BURKE, at
No Man's Land, in Hertfordshire, on the previous day,
and which was protracted to the extraordinary period of
three hours and six minutes, during which time 99 rounds
were fought. BURKE was the victor, and the unfortunate
StmoN BYRNE was conveyed in a state of complete ex-
haustion to the Woolpack Inn, St. Alban's, where he
received every possible attention. Medical assistance was
immediately called in ; but it was all in vain, for at
twenty minutes past eight on Sunday evening the unfor-
tunate man breathed his last, a fate, as will appear by
the evidence before the Coroner's inquest, evidently expe-
dited by his wounded feelings, for it was manifest to every
body about him that his mental sufferings were greater
than those of his body. The unfortunate man was, we
understand, about 32 years of age, and has left a wife and
four children, now in Dublin, to deplore his loss. At
half-past ten o'clock yesterday morning a jury of the
inhabitants of St. Alb in's, were assembled at the Town
Hall, by THOAtAS WARD BLAGG, Esq., the Coroner.
After hearing evidence, the jury retired, and after an
absence of two hours, at half past eight o'clock at night
returned a verdict of—" Manslaughter against DEAF
BURKE, principal in the first degree, and THOMAS SPRING,
JAMES WARD, RICHARD CURTIS, and THOMAS GAYNOR,
as seconds : also against the umpire or umpores, referee or
referees, and the time keeper, all then and there aiding and
abetting, whose names are unknown to us, as principals in
the second degree." This finding was accompanied by
the following commentary :—" In returning this verdict
the jury feel themselves called upon to express their deep
regret that the neighbouring Magistrates did not inter-
fere to prevent a breach of V e peace, so notoriously ex -
p,cted to take place within their jurisdiction." We under-
stand that considerable discussion arose among the jury
as to whether they should not return a verdict of wilful
murder,

Nothing can exceed the excitement the verdict of the
Coroner's Jury on Simon Byrne has produced amongst
the fancy. The news was brought to tows last night
by a Noble Lord, by express, and the moment the decisio❑
of the Jury was known, a number of departures took place.
All the sporting houses were this morning deserted by
their priocip Al frequenters. One gentleman of high
rank, a well-known frequenter of Tom Spring's, left town
this morning for Dover, accompanied by another cha-
racter equally notorious. The houses of Toni Spring, in
Holborn, and Tom Gaynor, the Red Horse, in Bond-
street, were literally besieged all this day.

FANATICAL IMPUDENCE.—A posting-bill
is at present stuck up in numerous places around Gl,gow
(and was so lately also in Edinburgh), entitled "Warnings
a ul Judgments that are coming or, Scotland, England, and
Ireland, for the sins of the inhabitants of these three wicked
nations." Then follows a great quantity of the most
impious threatenings and balderdash. The placard con-
eludes as follows, in a line conspicuously printed
" Whoever pulls down this bill will have to answer for it
at the last day."—Scetantan.

LONDON,
TUESDAY EVENING, JUNE 4, 1833.

If Ministers are surprised at the result of the
Duke of WELLINGTON'S motion in the House of
Lords last night, we are not. Just in the same pro-
portion as they have disappointed the people by
whom they were brought into office, they have irri-
tated the Tories by the possession of power, al-
though they have but too frequently compromised
their own honour and the dignity of the nation by
concessions to a faction which knew how to avai
itself of the weakness of Ministers, without being
deluded into any co-operation with them where the
common object of attack was not the liberty of the
people. The Tories supported Ministers when the
coercion of Ireland was proposed, because it was
their own game, and they could reap all the advan-
tages without any of the odium of the Act. The
Tories have supported the Whigs in their resistance
to the demands of the people for cheap govern-
ment, because, looking forward to the resumption of
place, they were anxious to keep its emoluments
entire. Their own whipper-in canvassed for them
in all the Tory haunts when they wished to rescind
the only important division for the people on the
records of a reformed House of Commons; hut the
vote of last night must have shown the Whigs, if
they are not blind, the folly of neglecting friends
and endeavouring to gather strength against those
friends, by concessions to a party which is not less
the enemy of the Government than of the people.
The Duke of WELLINGTON has, by a majority of 80
to 68, carried his motion for an address to the KING
praying him not to interfere in the dispute between
the legitimate QUEEN and the usurper of her rights
in Portugal. For this success he is in a considerable
degree indebted to the Bishops—to those Fathers
in God who are ever ready to vote with or against
Ministers, according to their own interests or their
own antiquated notions. In the present instance, per-
haps, these superfluous ornaments of the Upper House
will tell us that their votes are based upon Christian
charity. Their love of peace would not allow
them to encourage any participation by our
Government in the affairs of Portugal, believing,
as they do, that if the Constitutionalists
were to be abandoned to their own resources, they
would be expelled from Portugal; and order be
established in that country. The cause of order is,
in the eyes of these pious legislators of more im-
portance, than the cause of either civil or religious
liberty. PEDRO might triumph, and the people of
Portugal enjoy the blessings of political freedom
arid religious toleration ; but then the cause of
order, or in other words, the influence of despotism,
must be disturbed, and an example would be set to
other nations to pull down tyrannical systems, and
set up cheap governments, with which an expert-
sive church establishment would not harmonize quite
so well as the high dignitaries of the church in every
country, whether Catholic or Protestant (for they
have but one feelingwhen their own enjoyments and
political influence are at stake) might def-ire. Of
the moral integrity of a vote, the effect of which
must be, if allowed to prevail over the good sense
of the Cabinet, to perpetuate despotism in Portugal,
and to place the life and property of every Portuguese
at the disposal of a Monster, the less we say the
better. Our readers will form their own estimate of
such a vote without any other impulse than that of
their own feelings. . _

What the immediate result of the vote of last
night will be, we know not—what it ought to be,
is quite apparent. It ought to open the eyes of
Ministers to the folly, as well as discredit, of any
alliance, on any point or any subject, with the far-
lion from which they have just received a bitter
but wholesome lesson. It ought to induce them
instantly to recommend to the Parliament,
some measure by which the reverend and pious
Prelates, whose religious duties are so numerous
and so zealously observed, may be relieved of the
additional fatigue of legislation and political domina-
tion. It ought to be the means of a cordial alli-
ance between the Ministers and the nation, by which
the former would be enabled to carry into execu-
tion those plans for the benefit of the country which
they profess to entertain, but to the execution of
which they declare themselves unequal, on account
of the influence of a Court faction.

As to the merits of the particular question under
discussion last night, we assert fearlessly that there
is not an unprejudiced man in the United Kingdom
who will deny that the only fault of Ministers, as
regards Portugal, has all along been, their not de-
claring against MIGUEL, and reinstating the legiti-
mate Government, thereby, at the same time,
,erving the cause of humanity and the commerce of
the country. It is a notorious fact, that when
Don PEDRO first arrived here, he offered, as
the condition of receiving aid from our Govern-
ment, to continue all the political and commercial
advantages hitherto enjoyed by Great Britain in
Portugal, and to confer on our merchants many
others of greater value. It was the duty of Minis-
ters—first, as regarded the question of humanity ;
secondly, as regarded the interests of this country—

to have accepted those offers, and to have given
!he aid required in return, particularly as moral
assistance would have been sufficient, without a
shilling outlay, or the sacrifice of a single life. The
mere act of recognising Donna MARIA would have
been the signal for the flight of the Usurper.
Perhaps the Duke of WELLINGTON,with his many
thousands a year, may be ignorant of the mercan-
tile distress of this country, and think that the ex-
clusive supply of the Portuguese markets by Bri-
tish merchants would have been an object of no
importance to our manufacturers. The possessor of
Apsley-house and S.rathfieldsay may be expected
to have less correct notions on this point than the
Spiralfields manufacturer or the London merchant;
but there may be persons uncharitable enough to
make as little allowance for the ignorance of the
Noble Duke, as for his lack of humanity.

Since writing the above, we find that, imme-
diately after the defeat of Ministers in the House
of Lords last night, arrangements were made for
holding a Cabinet Council, which is now sitting.
It is useless to speculate on the course which
Ministers will take, but it is probable that
they will adopt some resolutions, to be made
dependent on the result of the motion of which
C.,lone! DAVIES has given notice in the House of
Commons for Thursday, to declare the confidence
of that House in Ministers as regards the Portu-
guese question. That motion will undoubtedly be
carried by an immense majority, and the effect of the
attempt made by WELLusGToN and Co., to uphold
the tottering throne of the Portuguese usurper may
be to hasten the recognition of Donna MARIA, arid
lay the foundation of a more liberal and enlightened
foreign policy than has hitherto been acted upon by
the reformed Government. The conduct of the
Bishops in this affair has excited as much
regret (we might use a much stronger term) in the
Cabinet, as it will throughout the country. We
understand that these reverend persons are
chuckling at the triumph which they obtained
last night. In less than three days, how-
ever, they will look back to their conduct
on that occasion, if not with shame, at least with
mortification. They must no longer talk of the
efforts making out of doors to bring the church
into discredit with the people. When they shall
have awakened from the delusion under which they
have laboured, and have begun "to put their
house in order," they will feel that the real
enemies of the Church are its own professors, who,
not content with the many worldly enjoyments
which they derive from their religious voca-
tions, have abandoned the precipts of their own
creed, and grasped at political preponderance. We
hope Ministers, now made fully sensible of the
danger, as well as impropriety, of allowing the
Bishops to have seats in the House of Lords,
%%ill follow up the success which they are
certain to have in the House of Commons on Thurs-
day, by a Bill for the expulsion of the Bishops from
the House of Lords. The support of the Com-
mons, and the sanction of a few Peers, would en-
able them to carry this measure, and to make their
names illustrious in the history of the country. In
the meantime, we would recommend the postpone-
ment of the Irish Church Bill, in order to prevent
its defeat in the House of Lords, and render it ne-
cessary for Ministers prematurely to resign upon that
defeat, as they have pledged themselves to du in such
an event. Having carried all the other important mea-
sures of the session, and put the House of Lords on
a more constitutional footing, they may bring for-
ward the English and Irish Church Reform Bills
hand in hand with more liberal provi-ions than
could now be hoped for, and they will be sure to
carry them triumphantly.

It will be seen by the report of the proceedings
in the House of Commons that the first of Mr.
STANLEY'S resolutions was agreed to, and that
unanimously, several amendments being withdrawn
in order that there might not be a dissentient voice
upon the general principles it involved. The reso-
lution was—
" That it is the opinion of this Committee that immediate
and etrectual measures be taken for the entire abolition of
slavery throughout the colonies, under such provisions for re.
gulating the condition of the negroes as may combine their
welfare with the interests of the proprietors."

Thus has a step been taken which cannot be re-
called, and if the principles here laid down be ho-
nestly acted upon, slavery may be considered as
virtually at an end. The Committee is to sit again
to-night, and we may anticipate hot debates upon
some of the contested points on which the
House has been threatened with divisions.
Hitherto there has been no great expenditure
of eloquence. Mr. STANLEY'S speech on the
first night of the discussion still stands forward
as the best to which the occasion has given rise.
Lord Howicx's, perhaps, has hardly had justice
done to it, for it certainly showed a greater grasp
of mind than he has usually had credit for. Mr.
BUXTON'S was correct, but tame. Mr. GODSON'S
smelled strongly of the fee, either in per-pective, or
in his pocket ; and even Mr. O'CONNELL'S, last
night, although eloquent, was not such as to an-
swer the expectations of his great name. From the
reluctant and half-converted advocates of emancipa-
tion, we do not look for a very animated attack
upon an ancient abuse, and perhaps the certainty of
success has now blunted the eloquence of the aboli-
tionists. It is, however, the do-little and wait-
awhile school, the men who seconded Mr. CAN•
NING's resolutions for the mere purpose of throwing
out the more definite proposals as an amendment
to which they were moved, or who hoped from
them a long continuance of things in state quo,—
it is this party, we say, which now cuts the most
miserable figure. Tied by their former votes, urged
on by public opinion, but holding back from their
wish not to disturb things that are, their speeches
exhibit the most strange contradictions. Sir ROBT.
PEEL'S, last night, presented a fine specimen of
verbose rigmarole of this description. So much of
it as was not made up of the most wishy-washy
common-places we ever heard, even from him, was
a bundle of fallacies refuting one another.
The common places we must be excused repeating.
We refer our readers to the report for them,
with this observation only, that the Hon. Baronet
invariably thinks the question immediately before
him the most important ever brought before Parlia-
ment. Like a worthy tradesman, celebrated by one
of our older comic writers, who every Sunday said
to his wife, " My dear, this is the very finest pudding
you ever made in your life," the Hon. Bart. loses in
the present all recollection of the past, all judgment
of the future. The Resumption of Cash payments,
the amendment of the Criminal Law, a new system
of Police, Catholic Emancipation, Jewish Emanci-
pation, Parliamentary Reform, Borough Reform,
Church Reform, and Slavery, have all in their
turns been declared by the Right Honourable
Baronet, to be the most important subjects
ever brought before Parliament. To an ant
Primrose-hill and Mont Blanc, we dare say, appear
as nearly as may be of the same dimensions. So
much for the common-place. With respect to
the fallacies in the Right Hon. Baronet's speech,
they are so numerous, that we must content
ourselves with noticing one or two of the most
prominent. The Right Hon. Baronet begins by
telling us that emancipation will endanger a revenue
of 4,000,0001. because, of course, the argument is,
we shall destroy sugar cultivation in the West Indies.
A few sentences afterwards he tells us that we
shall be sure to get sugar from elsewhere. If so Sir
ROBERT, the revenue is not hurt, and we agree that
sugar could be got from elsewhere. He says that
this " elsewhere" will be slave states, and that the
only difference will be, that we shall encourage
slavery in foreign colonies instead of regulating it in
our own. This would be a serious objection
if well founded, but Sir ROBERT forgets that
he has before admitted that slavery is extinguished
in Mexico and Venezuela, where sugar enough
could be grown to supply the whole of Europe.
If he doubt this, he may comfort himself with the
reflection that India and China are both able to
supply us with the produce of free labour, as is also

Siam, from which country, if we mistake not, 1
even the merchants of the United States fetch
it with profit. The 11;ght Hon. Baronet, following
in the wake of many who preceded him, held the
horrors of the revolution in St. Domingo up as a
warning against what he called precipitate emanci-
pation. It ought to be a warning to us, but of a
very different nature from that which it is sought to
be made. What took place in St. Domingo is
precisely what we may expect to tnke place in
Jamaica if we pursue similar half-measures. In
May the National Convention passed a decree—
emancipating the negroes ? No, emancipating the
men of colour, amounting to some 24,000 people.
Of course the blacks naturally rose in rebellion. Did
the National Convention amend its false step ? Not
at all. Alarmed at the rising of the slaves, they in
September revoked this decree in favour of the men
of colour! Is it matter of astonishment that they
joined the blacks to drive out the French, and that
complete insubordination and destruction of property
and industry were the result ? St. Domingo is a
warning to us, then; but a warning not to deal in half
measures. We might go on pointing out similar
fallacies anti contradictions throughout the light
Hon. Baronet's speech, but we trust we have done
enough to put our readers upon their guard against
bold assertions and shakes of the head for facts and
arguments.

The news from the Ea=t is still as contradictory
as ever. By the Russian Gazettes, received through
the Hamburg Mail, it would appear that the Sub-
lime Porte was paying its addresses to the Russian
party with all the fervour and devoted humility of a
lover; that the SULTAN had got by heart a few
complimentary Sc'avoid(' phrases for the purpose of
expressing his undying gratitude to the Russian
troops at a grand public review lately held in the
neighbourhood of Constantinople ;—that, in fact,
the Russian party had everything their own way in
the Divan. This is the St. Petersburgh version.
Later accounts, however, insinuate that the anti-
Russian party is just now predominant in the coun-
cils of the Porte. The Allgemeine Zeitung, dated
the 29th May, contains a memorandum of the Otto-
man Porte, whose only marked peculiarity is, that it
is utterly devoid of character, and betrays an over-
anxiety to trim between all parties. It is a de'ec-
table sample of the little-as-needs-be style of address.

The Staffordshire election commences this day,
and will close to-morrow. We cannot understand
upcn what principle those who style themselves
Reformers, support Lord INGESTRIE, who was, and
is, notorious for his hostility to all reform ; and
who is moreover the cast-off Member of one of the
rottenest boroughs—and that is saying a great
deal for it—in all England. Such support can
only originate in factious motives ; for common
sense =and common honesty would assuredly rally
all patriotic Reformers under the banners of
Mr. LITTLETON. What has Lord INGESTRIE
ever said—what has he ever done—what has he
ever dreamed of doing, that he should thus obtain
the suffrage of even one Reformer in Staffordshire ?
Is it a radical recommendation that he is, both from
prejudice and inclination, steadily, unflinchingly
opposed to all national improvement ? That
he is one of that benighted party who believe
in the virgin integrity of the Episcopal Bench ?
In a word, that he is a Tory, heart and soul—" back,
loins, reins, and all odd joints," as Tristram Shandy
has it? If these be Lord INGESTRIE'S recommenda-
tions with the Staffordshire Reformers, assuredly the
phrase Reform has a far different meaning now to
what it had but one shert year ago; nor do we think
the new version is by any means an improvement.
But, despite the intrigues of certain wolves in
sheep's clothing—despite the dissonant bray-
ing of certain asses, whose long ears, staring
through the lion's skin in wh•ch they have
disguised their insignificance, betray them ;—despite
these and a hundred equally pitiable machinations,
Mr. LITTLETON will to-morrow night (or there is
no such a thing as public honesty) be returned
Knight of the shire for Staffordshire. The Sun
Journal will be received at an early hour to-morrow
in Staffordshire; and we hope these our few, hasty
words of exhortation, will not be without their ef-
fect on the electors.

We direct attention to a very interesting ex-
tract in saother column, headed " Mineral Mag-
netism." It appears that Dr. BLUNDELL has
made a discovery in the application of magnetic
power to chronic and other diseases, v, hich promises
to be of as much efficacy in removing pain, as it will by
contributing to the advance of medical science, re-
dound to the honour of its talented inventor.

We have had different publ,cations forwarded to
us advocating the cause of the West Indian Pianters,
but one of the most curious is in the shape of ex-
tracts from the evidence given before the Lords'
Committee last year. The compiler of the ex-
tracrs or abstracts complains of the friends of the
slaves having published partial extracts from that
evidence, and states that his publication is intended
to proceed upon an opposite principle, to give a
fair view of the es idence, and show the public the
real condition of the slaves. Now the Lords' Com-
mittee having reported that some of the evidence is
of the most contradictory description, one would
expect, in an impartial abstract, to find some
traces of contradiction ; but no such thing; the
worthy hireling of the slave owners did not
think it necessary to show more than one side of
the picture. According to the extracts of the evi-
dence he has given, such a thing as a slave being
struck was never heard of. "As far as I could
make an observation," says Sir L. HALSTED, " I
never saw a punishment, and they appeared to be all
exceedingly cheerful and happy." The idea even
of punishment is so little entertained, that Lieu.
tenant-Colonel MACDONALD says, that, in many
instances, he "used to think the negroes in
.Jamaica were exceedingly impudent to their
owners; and, as far as fear goes, I "lever saw
people less afraid of their owner, or less afraid of
their master, or of any person in authority above
them !" The same witness observes that lie never saw
people more cheerful and happy in his life than are
the slaves ! It is only marvellous to us how the
slaves can undergo great hardships, and risk their
lives, to get out of this exceedingly happy state.
I3tit that they do so, is certain; and what we com-
plain of is, that the candid compiler did not
condescend to give some part of the evidence
that accounted for this seemingly unaccountable
perversity.

Lord KING continues seriously indisposed at
his residence in Dover-street; and it is the opinion of his
medical attendants, that if a change for the better does not
speedily take place, his recovery will be hopeless.
A letter has been received from Sir JOHN
JEFFCOTT, written at the moment he reached the Brito-
mart, in which he makes the most anxious inquiries about
the state of Dr. HEN s's wound, and requests that his
friends will report to him the progress of his recovery. It
appears he embarked under the impression that the wound
would not prove mortal, as Dr. HENNIS was able to walk
to the carriage with little assistance, and the surgeon on
the ground did not apprehend any immediate danger. It
also appears that Sir JOHN JEFFCOTT had an express sent
to him from Exeter, which arrived the evening after the
melancholy occurrence, bringing a favourable report of
Dr. HENNIS'S state; and Sir Join( did not embark until
after he received the express.
We have received several communications
relative to the lose of a man from on board the Diana
steamer, on Sunday last, on her way down from Rich-
mond, some of which attach blame to the commander for
not using sufficient exertion in rescuing the man from the
water. Wishing to avoid any expression which might
prejudice the case, we are content, for the present, with
saying that when the body is found we can furnish a list of
several gentlemen who are desirous of giving their evidence
on the matter before a coroner's inquest.

HOUSE OF LORDS.-(THIS DAY.)

The LORD CHANCELLOR, the Bishop of GLOUCESTER, and
Lord STOURTON, sat today at half-past ten o'clock, to hear
Scotch Appeals.

The LORD ADVOCATE replied in the part heard appeal
of " Gibson v. Maitland," and the House adjourned, during
pleasure, shortly after twelve o'clock, the Lord Chancellor
being called away to attend a Cabinet Council.

VICE-CHANCERY COURT.-(THIS DAY.)

His Honour the VICE-CIIANCELLOR was occupied the whole
day with a motion for a new trial in the case of Rowe v.
Bordieu, the question in which related to a partnership. The
facts of the case are totally devoid of interest, except to the
parties.

COURT OF REVIEW.-(THIS DAY.)
