WOOL.

An Account of the Quantity of Foreign Wool entered for
Home Consumption, from sth July, 1825, to sth Ja-
nuary, 1828 ; specifying the quantity under each head
of value.

Descriptions of
(Conformably to the
Distinctions esta-
blished by the
Schedule of Du.
tics.)

Wool, not being of
the value of Is.
per lb.
Wool, being of the
value of Is. per lb
and upwards
Wool of the British
Possessions, duty
free
Red Wool

iQuantities entered for Home Consumption
in the United Kingdom.

•
From ycar
July 5* ended eYndeaerd from Total July
1825, t° Jan. 5, Jan 5 5' 1823' t°
Jai). 5, 187. isa. Jan. 5,
1826.
lb. lb. lb. lb.
2,920,917 3,177,533 4,202,474 10,300,954
'17,531,261 13,448,109 23,337,610 51,317,040
133,506 1,237,994 562,656 1,934,156
68 I 4,913 8,396 13,319
2i1,333,782 117,868,551 28,111,196 66,565,529

TotaL ........

WILLIAM IRVING,
Inspector General of Imports and Exports.
Inspector General's Office, Custom Rouse,
London, March 25.

_______________„
BRITISH SHIPPING.
I. An Account of the Number of British Ships, with the
Amount of their Tonnage, Registered from the sth
o.uish of
January,ing tl 1827, to the sth of January, 1828 ; distin-
guishing Number and Tonnage of those built in the
'Colonies.

---------
817-------
IPs• Tonnage.
----
Built and Registered in the United Kingdom Fut -------
~ 93,144
Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, and Man &I ,
,'"‘on
*British Colonies and Plantations in Asia and '
America 374 50,771
Total—Built and Registered in his Majesty's
1,;285 143,809
Dominions
* As many of the returns frem the ports in the plantation:
&c., have not been received for the whole of the year 1827, this
part of the account is incomplete.

2. An Account of the Number of Merchant Ships now
• belonging to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and
Ireland, with their Tonnage.
Ships-19,035. I Tonnage-2,150,605.
Note.—This account is made up to the 31st of De
ember, 1827.

T. E. WILLOUGHBY.
Office of Registrar-General of Shipping,
Custom-home, London, March 20.

Arrived. Dee.
O Arneried 1
O Brazil 0
O Buenos Ayres
1 Dublin
O Flanders 0
1 France ... 0
1 Gottenburgli 0
Guernsey& Jersey I

PUGH WATER AT LOND,
Morning...3o minutes after 1

p", <4,4 ,••••
fd!?I,XA
r f
.*1131.1.

LONDON,
THURSDAY EVENING, APRIL 17, 1828.

This day, at twelve ollock, the Duke of
WELLINGTON, Mr. PEEL, Mr. HUSKISSON,
Lord ELLENBOROUGII, Mr. HERRIES, Mr.
C. GRANT, Lord BATHURST, Mr. FRANK-
LAND LEWIS, and Mr. AnnuTHNoT, trans-
acted business at the Board of Trade.

The implied assent given by the Duke of
WELLINGTCFN, last .111t;hty to the repeal of the
Test and Corporation Acts, secures the passing
of that measure in the House of Lords. Op-
posed by Government and all the intelligence
of the Peerage, and deserted by the Bench of'
Bishops—the Ultras will cut a sorry figure,
should they have the hardihood to express the
sentiments which they are known to entertain.
With regard to the petition presented by the
Noble Duke, we are unable to explain the conduct
of any set of Dissenters in endeavouring to perpe-
tuate their disabilities, unless we ascribe it to
some new ruse on the part of the worthies to
whom we have alluded. Really we should
like to kAow whether the whole of the peti-
tioners (probably ten or twelve in all) would
swear, that they had not received money for their
political suicide.

The French Papers of Monday, and the Ga-
zette de France of Tuesday's date, have been re-
ceived, but they contain no additional informa-
tion relative to the state of affairs in the East of
Europe. If it be true that the Emperor of
RUSSIA is to be crowned at Warsaw on the Ist
of May, it sets at rest, for the present, all idea of
his having proceeded to join the army on the
Pruth, with an intention of conducting the war
in person. Indeed, so much contrariety
appears in the several accounts about war
and peace—the marching of armies—and the
probable negociations of Ambassadors- specially
appointed, that little credit urn be given to any
thing we hear from quarters that arc evidently
interested in the belief of the stories which are
propagated for selfish objects.
According to the Gazette de France we are
now told that the Expedition fitting out at Toulon
is actually destined to attack Algiers. This in-
formation is founded on the authority of the
Echo du Midi, which says that there never were
more privateers sent out from the Regency than
at present swarm over the Mediterranean, to the
great danger and loss of French commerce.
The DEY is said to be making active pre-
parations for defence, while the French are
indefatigable in their endeavours to assemble a
large force for the .expedition. We apprehend,
however, that the object of this force is not Al-
giers—the South-east of Europe is far more
likely. There can be no doubt that the French
would derive considerable benefit from a naval
station at Algiers, while they could improve and
extend their intercourse into the interior of
Africa, hut all these advantages are trifling, com-
pared to the immense riches of Egypt, to the
possession of which the French as naturally look
as the Russians to Constantinople. As yet, the
French Government have not officially announced
the destination of the Expedition, nor is it likely
that they will till the debarkation of the troops sets
the matter at rest. If the Russians should make
any serious demonstration of pushing forward to
Constantinople, and that the French Govern-
ment arc not in the secret, we have little doubt
that both France and England will interpose their
joint power to resist -.the design of Russia.
Though the obstinate conduct of the PORTE
deserve ample punishment, yet true policy
would not sanction the dismemberment of
the Turkish Empire, for the exclusive bene-
fit of Russia. So long as the Turks retain
the command of the Dardanelles, so long will
the jealousy or Russia be awakened to dis-
possess them of it ; but it must obviously -be the
interest of other nations, whose commerce enjoys
lany privileges in the Mediterranean, to prevent
Russia from competing with them by the free

access which the command of the Hellespont
would undoubtedly afford her.
The ?tloniteur gives a great improvement
in the French Revenue for the last Quarter,
probably as an inducement to.z,et more favour-
able terms for the new Loan.

An Express has arrived from Paris,bringing the
3 per Cents. on Tuesday at 68 40, being merely
,five centimes higher than on Monday. It is said
that the French Government are going •to
propose to the Chambers a Loan of four mil-
lions of Rentesi which it is supposed will not be
contracted for immediately, as the Govern-
ment will not want money for three months.
Ten per Cent. will be required at first, and
the remainder of the instalments to' be paid in
eighteen months.—The French Bank have
agreed to take the loan.
The Five per Cents. closed at 101 f. 25c— for
money ; 101 f. 50c. for time.
Since writing the above, we have received, by
express, the Gazelle de France; dated yesterday,
which says that the loan of four millions has
been submitted to the Chambers. The Minister
says that all the Nations of Europe want peace.

The Russians were to have crossed the Pruth
on the 14th of this month.

Accounts from Norway state that the King of
DENMARK is going to resign his throne to his son.

It is said that several French Officers are
waiting at Toulon to embark in the Greek service.

It is said, in letters from Tunis, that perfect
tranquillity prevails there, and that the BEY is
determined to preserve strict neutrality.

The Allgemeine Zeitung of the 10th inst.
contains a portion (and a long one it is) of an
address of the Greek PATRIARCH at Constan-
tinople to the Greeks, invoking them to return
to their former slavery under the Turkish sceptre.
The good old PATRIARCH has been beguiled
himself, and labours hard to seduce his flock,
but he will now find it rather a difficult task.
They have tasted some of the sweets of inde-
pendence, and. will not readily listen to the af-
fectedly pious exhortations of the old deceiver :

CONSTANTINOFLE, MARCH 19.

The Greek Patriarch at Constantinople, Agathangelos,
having received an answer to a petition in favour of the
insurgents, presented to the insurgents the following pro-
clamation to his brethren in the Morea and the islands of
the Archipelago

"To all tie honoured Chiefs of the Greek 'mewl, to
the heads of the Clergy, and to all Christians of whatever
rank or condition, in the Mores, and in the Islands of the
Archipelago, in whom every spark of pious feeling and
common sense is not yet eitinguiehed. Peace be with you;
and may the grace of the Almighty never forsake you.
" Many of you have perhaps believed, as the Church
has so long kept in silence, that she had entirely lost sight
of the welfare of the inhabitants of the Pelopennesus, and
the rest of Greece; that the treasure of her spiritual exhor-
tations was exhausted since you received with such indif-
ference her former warnings, and that she was insensible to
your misery, without thinking any farther of means to
heal your wounds, and to save you from the abyss, which
threatens you. But those who believe this are mistaken. The
Church, their common mother, together with all the Greek
nation, which lives in fear of God under the Ottoman sceptre,
has never ceased to deplore your fate. She is pierced with
sorrow at your loss ; she sees for what unspeakable misery
you have exchanged your• former prosperity ; up to this
day she has waited only for you to return to your duty—
for your repentance—to clothe you again with the garment
of the pure—to be able to pardon you—to. remove the
banners which keep you at a distance from the community
of the Church—and to admit you again to a participation in
her spiritual gifts. This tender care of the church has lately
manifested itself by deeds : scarcely had she learnt that part of
her erring children in the Peloponnes us was inclined to repent,
than she opened to them her parental arms, released them from
the anathema laid upon them, and zealously petitioned in
their favour the august Government, on which they ob-
tained pardon, and were received under the wide spreading
shadow of the ever •green tree of Impetial favour and
justice, as has been the case on former occasions, through
the inexhaustible store of the compassion of our most
gracious Sovereign. But error still holds in its chains a
not inconsiderable part of Greece ! Yet many of you have
been convinced that whenever they trusted foreign promises,
they were deceived ; that as often as they attempted to
deviate from the path of duty to our legitimate Govern-
ment, which God has placed over us, they have become the
prey of others, and, by their inconsiderate sacrifices, have
promoted only foreign interests ! The inhabitants of the
Mores, therefore, either persist in the same error, or they
suffer themselves to be deluded by the odious rancour of
others, whose custom it is to disfigure and misrepresent
the truth, and to throw a false light on the magnanimous
sentiments of the Sublime Porte towards those who desire to
return to their duty. Fear makes you hesitate—deceived by
such representations, you fancy that you foresee future evils
greater than those in which you have plunged yourselves.
But the Church has taken care of you. She desired to re-
semble the good shepherd in the Gespel, to seek the lost
sheep, and to bring it back into the fold of the Church
and of the State, from which it had strayed ; she
wished to restore you to your former happiness under the
protection of the favour of our august Sovereign. Will
you then at length hear the voice of the Church? Will
you listen to her wholesome exhortations ? Will you at
length become sensible of your own interest, or will you
still perversely and blindly, and seduced by the deceitful
insinuations of the perfidious enemies of your happiness,
proceed in the paths of error, and thus announce that you
are in a condition not susceptible of amelioration? But
then we should at least haie the consciousness of having
performed our sacred duty, and the duty of humanity, and
so then be this last attempt made.

The remembrance of what the prudent and well-disposed
among you have not forgotten, of the former peaceable and
undisturbed possession of your property which you enjoyed
in an equal degree with the Mussulmen, the security of
property and honor, the facility given to every kind of pro-
fession, the equal administration of justice before all tri-
bunals—advantages which the inhabitants of the Mores and
the Archipelago enjoy in full measure, together with other
more extensive favours, all founded on a special ordinance
graciously issued by our Monarch; on the other hand, the
inexpressible misery which now oppresses you, the death
of so many of your 'countrymen, the devastations, and all
the other innumerable evils under which you groan, and in
which you will still farther plunge yourselves if you
do not hasten to implore the clemency of our august
Government, and if it does not again graciously accept
you. On the other hand the weighty arguments which
you have to oppose to the deceit of the ill disposed, and the
enemies of, order, who have often led astray the most cau-
tion,' and prudent, betides the conviction which we have
derived from a hundred examples that the Porte is always
ready graciously to receive those who have recourse to its
magnanimity ; all these considerations have encouraged us
to present a joint petition, signed with our seal, and as we
considered ourselves as head of the Greek church, autho-
rised to intervene, we have presented our earnest petition
to the effect, that in your submission you may not
only obtain complete amnesty, but also other favours and
Privilege's which are compatible with your condition as
Rayas, as well as a proof of the generosity of our august
Government, as to quiet your troubled minds, and to secure
for ages your existence and that of your posterity, if you
remain faithful to your duty as obedient servants. Praised
be the Almighty, the Porte has on this, as on all other oc-
casions, showed itself favourable : it has listened to our
petition; our hopes have nut been deceived ; we have
received not only verbal but written assurances that it
accepts our mediation ; and we thus see the right
of our Patriarchal chair confirmed, to interfere as

mediators in the affairs of our nation. The august
Government—which may God preierve—gives, in its
answer to us, the consolatory assurance of pardon
for all those who have hitherto been led astray, and hereby
affords new and evident proofs of its goodness and paticPre,
which must excite gratitude even in the most hardened.
It not only insures the most perfect amnesty, but will not
even call any one to account for what is past ; it not only
removes all indemnity for the loss that the revolution has
caused, it excuses you from the payment of all taxes, that
it should have received these seven years, and gives you
besides exemption from all taxes for a year in advance; it
renews the original constitution of the Mores and the
Archipelago, by restoring the ordinance for those coun-
tries, and grants other favours which shall be a reward for
the fidelity of its subjects ; lastly, it secures to you the
free and uninterrupted exercise of religion."
VseNs A, Aram s.—Metalliques, 88i; Bank shares,
1008 ; in the evening, 1005.
(To be concluded in eur next.) •

By the French Papers, received this morning
by the mail, we are informed that the :naval di-
vision which Contrc Admiral RoussiN is to
command in the Brazils, is to consist of the
Jean Burt and 'bur frigates. They will sail
from Brest, on the 25th inst., and will be joined
by Admiral LEMANANT'S division, from the
Pacific.

The investigation of the Select Committee on
Scotch Entails has not yet terminated ; but the
Report of the evidence already taken before
them is very deserving of attention. The wit-
nesses examined are all conversant with the
subject of inquiry—being chiefly Scotch Advo-
cates of reputation, or men of business and prac-
tical experiexce. A nd, though none of these
respectable persons have suggested a remedy, we
are happy to perceive that they all concur in
the opinion that the system of entails, so long
a blot in the Scottish jurisprudence, now im-
peratively calls for legislative correction. This
is clearly established to be the universal feel.
ing of the profession and of the public.
It certainly does appear monstrous, that a Scotch
Laird can regulate the concerns of this world,
and the administration of property in it, for ages
subsequent to his death. Yet this is a matter of
daily and familiar practice ; and it appears from
the evidence produced to the Committee, that
nearly one half of the territorial property of the
kingdom of Scotland is subject to these

interminable fetters. The defeasible estates
tail of English law, which have been com-
mended by Mr. HUMPHREYS and Mr.
BROUGHAM, are very different in their effects
from Scotch entails, under which the proprietor,
who attempts to make a sale, is punished by the
entire forfeiture of his right, and the buyer who
contracts with him (let him be ever so ignorant
or so innocent), is also punished by the nullity
of the bargain and conveyance.
The evil consequences of this state of the law
are precisely, such as might have beep expect-
ed. As each heir comes into possession of
an entailed estate, not as an absolute pro-
prietor, but as a tenant for life, his object is of
course to make the most of it while he can,
without regard to the improvement of the estate,
or the interest of his successor. In passing
through Scotland a traveller will accordingly be
struct: with the neglected appearance of the
land, where the entail system prevails. The
proprietors have not the inclination nor the
means to make improvements, and the poorer
classes are necessarily left without employment.

It has' been said that entails are calcu-
lated to. preserve family estates, and to give
a salutary support to the aristocracy of the
country. This argument would be entitled to
some consideration, were not the fact notorious
that in England, where there arc no strict entails,
estates have been retained in the families of the
nobility for many centuries, and generally speaking
for periods far exceeding the, endurance of simi-
lar estates in Scotland. We have not offered
any observations on the Bill which was referred
to the Committee, because in all probability the
result of the evidence will suggest_ the expe-
diency of superseding it by a different remedy.
