NOTICES OF MOTIONS FOR THIS DAY.

1. Mr. Secretary Peel—Bill to consolidate the Laws relating
to Juries, and for regulation of Special Juries.
2. Mr. Home Drummond—Bill for the more easy recovery of

Small Debts in the Sheriff' Courts in Scotland.
3. Sir Geo. Hill—Bill for the regulation of Co-partnerships of

certain Bankers in Ireland.
. ,
4. The Lord Advocate of-Scotland,—Bill for continuing the
Act for rendering the payment of Creditors more equal and
expeditious in Scotland.
S. The Lord Advocate of Scotland,—Bill for regulating Fees
in the Sheriff Courts, and Courts of Burghs in Scotland.
6. Mr. Dickinson—Select Committee on County Rates.
ORDERS OF THE DAY FOR THIS DAY.
1. Ways and Means-Committee.
2. Supply—Committee.

PRIVATE BILLS.
Second Readings
.for this Day.
New Cross Roads 4 Vauxhall Bridge ; Norwich Paving ;
Metropolitan Fish and Water Companies.

Dropped Notices of Motions.9kVaterday.
1. Colonel Davies,—Cornmiitee3.on reduction of the Duties on
various articles of.Foiel„on produce.
1. Mr. Mitlierly—Repeal of the Duties on Beer.
3•; Mr. Hume—To move the following Resolution—" That no
Member shall vote for or against any. Question in which he
has a direct pecuniary interest."
4. Mr. Synge Cooper—Motion regarding the impounding of
Cattle in Ireland.
5. Sir Henry Parnell—Copy of Memorial presented to the
Treasury, relating to the Butter Trade of Ireland.
6., Mr. T wiss —Bill for regulating the appointment of Assessors
• at Elections.
Dropped Orders of the Day of Yesterday.
1. Ways and Means—Report.
2. Assessed Taxes Bill—Further consideration of Report.
3. Fishery Act—Committee thereupon.
4. Judicial Enquiry (Ireland) Bill—Committee.
5. County Treasurers (Ireland) Bill—Committee.
6. Articles of Clerkship Bill—Second reading.
7. Annual Certificates Bill--Seeirifd reading.
Dropped Second Readings of Private Bills.
Weston Inclosure ; Brighton, &c. Wooler, &c. Eccleshill
and Bradford, and Wakefield and Denby Roads ; St. Andrew's
(Holborn) Poor; and Weaver Navigation.

*** For the METROPOLITAN LAW SOCIETY, see our
Fourth Page.

PRICE OF STOCKS 1111,i OA Y AT ONE O'CLOCK.
BAR k Stock
3 per Cent. Red.
3 per Cent. Cons.
3 per Cent.
Ditto Red.
4 per Cent. 5 D6Bll*
New mg 0
Bank Lorrg Ann.
Imp. 3 per Cents.
India stock
Ditto Bonds
South Sea Stock

Old Annuities
New Ditto
Ex. Bills 10001. 2tl
Ditto 10—.55 57 54
Ditto 5001.21.......
Ditto lid. —.55 57 54
Ditto Small 2d.
Ditto I Ad.... 15 57 54
Ditto Advertised 2d. ... 53 54
Bank for Act.
India for Acct. 280 2784 273
Cons. for Acct. ' 94 93 f

PRICEs OF FOREIGN Fl
ustrian Bds, 5 per ct. 93i
Brazilian Bds

NDS, AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Neapolitan, 5 per cent. --•
Neapolitan Scrip
Peruvian Bonds BB
Portuguese Bonds 9oii
Prussian, 5 per et.

Scrip
1825 3 pm.
Buenos Ayres Bds
Chilian, Bds, 6 per ct.
Colombian Bds, 6 per ct 63
Do. do. 1824

Ditto NeW n
Russian, New, 5 per ct,. 95.-iii
Spanish 1821 5 per ct....24iii
1823, ditto
French Rentes

Danish, 5 per cent.
tireek"tds -.' . • Xs4#
Do. Scrip, 1825
Mexican Bds BW
Do. Scrip 1825

- —......
Exchange ... —f —C.
"--":" Scrip -

PRICES OF SHARES AT ONE O'CLOCIi•
Per Share.
Alliance Fire and Life Assurance Company
Anglo-Mexican Mining Company
Anolo-Chilian Mining Company
ft 151 141 15 1
Arigna Iron and Coal Mining Company
Brazilian Mining Company
Chilian Mining Company
Colombian Mining Company
General Mining Association
Pasco Peruvian Mining Company
Rio de la Plata Mining Company
,
32 31 4.t
United .111exican Mining Company
Ditto New
Welch Iron and Coal Mining Company . 98i 9
Continental Gas Company .
.. .
Birmingham and Lrverpool-Railway. - .. .. 4
London and Bristol Railway Company . . 2II
London and Northern Railway Company •
Atlantic and Pacific
Australian Company ft 29 21,
British Iron Company . 14 i b 194„
•
Canada Company
• .
Equitable Loan Bank Company
General Steam Navigation Company •
- 9i
Gold Coast Association
Hibernian Joint Stock Company
Mediterranean Steam
Mexican Company
Metropolitan Fish Company
9A
New Corn Exchange
Pearl Fishery Company, Yellow Receipt - !2°
j 0
Provincial Bank of Ireland
Patent Bricks
Roy al Stannary • 5l i 9
Patent Steam Carriage Company 3 11 pip'
Columbian Colonial Company

FOKEIGN MAILS.

ARRIVED. Dt7E•
Gottenburgh - - 0 1
11 amburgh - - 0 1
..
Jamaica - . .. - 0 1

HIGH ‘VATER AT LONDON BRIDGE To-monnoil,'•
Morning, 0 minutes after 6. 1 Evening, 27 minutes after 1"

THE SUN.

QU IS DICERE FALS U A UDEAT

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, MARCH 9, 1825•

Private Letters from Calcutta, dated 3(1
Nov., 1825, state that Lieut.-Gen. Sir Enw.'
PAOET, the Commander-in-Chief of the troop
assembling against the Burmese, proceeded Oil
the Ist instant, with a body Guard of the Royal;
and Dundum Artillery, to Barrackpore, 1113
gave orders for the 47th regiment of Bengal Na,
tive Infantry stationed there to march, which tbel
refused to do. Sir EDWARD allowed them tell
minutes to consider, and then repeated his ordeth
which the Sepoys still refused to obey.
then gave orders for the troops he brought viltfi
him to fire upon the Sepoys; and we regret to
o
add, that about 50 were killed, and about
or fifty of the leaders in the mutiny were
seized and executed, before the remainder re;
turned to their duty. Government Papa gti
, Calcutta fell only 1 per cent.) from which itwwold

seem that order had been completely restored.
We understand that in consequence of this news,
India Stock fell to-day from 284 to 278.

The Paris Papers of Sunday contain long ex-
tracts from the London Journals, relative to the
decisive success of the cause of independence in
Peru, and to the debate in the House of Commons
on the motion of Sir FRANCIS BURDETT respecting
the Catholic Question. The Editor of the Jour-
nat des INbals makes the following pointed re-
mark on the passage in Sir FaANcts's speech,
in which he draws a distinction between political
and religious Catholics, and observes, that as the
Political Catholics who support King JAMES
Wished to make their religion subservient to the
establishment of principles of slavery, it was no
Wonder that men jealous of their rights should
feel alarm on account of the Catholics, and deem
the religion inconsistent with a free Constitu•

Con
" This distinction," observes the Editor, " between those
who are Catholics from religion, and those who are Catholics
from policy, is very important as regards the interests of reli-
Rion. The former desire to see virtue, piety, and liberty, pre-
donlinant ; they are faithful to the constitution of their country,
4.flether republican or monarchical, good citizens in France, as
the United States of America. The second are hypocrites,
who make their pretended zeal for religion an instrument of
political ambition, and a veil for the concealment of intrigues.
It is they who preach absolute power and intolerance, in the
name of Flits who has said, My Kingdom is not of this
world.' It is they who make the conservative principle of legi-
timacy, though purely political, a mysterious dogma, unknown
to the Church ; it is they who, far from repeating to Kings' the.
severe and holy morality of the Evangelists, of Massillon and
flatter their vice, luxury, and corruption, and engage
the deluded Sovereigns to behave as if Royalty had no duties,
and as if human nature had no rights. They are the enemies
of Kings, whom they desire to rule—of the people, whom they
wish to enslave; they are impious profaners of the name of
(ion and his Church, and are unacquainted with any feeling of
religion."

The disussion of the Law of Indemnity was
continued on Saturday in the Chamber of De-
puties, but the debate does not present any thing
of interest to the English Public.

to the Chamber of Peers M. de SEGUR has
brought forward a proposition to allow the direct
heirs of the Peers to be present at the sittings of
the Chambers, after they have attained the age
or twenty-five years.

We received last night the Allgemeine Zeitung
of thit 2d inst., from which we extract the follow-
ing official account of the result of the Servian
Insurrection :

SEMLIN, FEB. 17.
Prince Mmoscruhas sent the communication annexed to
the Geaeral commanding here. In contradiction to this
Portant declaration, which pretty plainly alludes to far extended
ramifications, it is affirmed in Belgrade that detached corps of
Insurgents still rove about in Servia.
(COPY.)
the late
Excellency is doubtless already informed of
'oe late unpleasant occurrences in this country. Being con-
:ineed that you feel an interest in every thing relative to the
ace'l,are of this country and mine, I hasten to give you a concise
rres.4llt of all the events. There were some persons who were
ved at the peace which I and this country have enjoyed for
years during a critical period, and eagerly wished to disturb
it, and
to bring' me and this country to rebel against the Sub-
-
oP Porte; for many years these people incessantly laboured
~/4-•
--ect a breach between me and that Power. They had,
however, no reason to boast of their success with me, and
were obliged to see their plans fail. After these fruitless en-
deavours, they at length took the means to induce the district
of Simanciria, and a small part of that of Kiingooivaz, to com-
pel me by force and with arms in their hands to declare
against the Porte. But, as I am too well acquainted with
the interest of this country, and love tranquillity and
order, and five summonses to return to order did not avail to
dissolve the armed bands, I resolved, with the help of Clod, to
restore peace by arms. I succeeded; and about 20 rioters,
together with the ringleaders, the Ex-Priest, Miloe Popovies,
called also Diak, and his brother Milks, were taken alive, and
that in presence of those who had been misled. The remainder
were disarmed, and thus tranquillity was restored. Commerce
will now go on again as it did before this interruption. I beg
You to take notice of this, as your Excellency must be interest-
ed in being informed on the subject.
" I have the honour to be, with esteem,
" MILOSCH OBRENOVIES, Kajaz of Servia.
" Xragogivaz, Ist (13th) Feb. 1825."

The fallowing is an extract of a letter from
Zant,„dated the 30th of January :
" We'learn that Zaimis and Londos have been taken, and
that they are now at Napoli, where they are to be brought to
They are endeavouring to prepare a justification of their
`'induct. About a fortnight back fifteen vessels passed this
place, under the command of Miaulis, which were going to
loin those at present occupied in blockading Patras. That place
closely invested both by sea and land, and we hear that it
t'annot hold out long, as the besieged are in the greatest want
°f Provisions."
TRIEsTE FEB. 19.—We have no late news direct from the
"Torea, but 'letters from Venice of yesterday's date, just re-
ceived mention a report of the surrender of Patras to the Greeks.
The confirmation of this important news is impatiently expect.
ed by the Greeks in this city.—(Allgcnieine Zeitung, March 2.)

Letters have been received from Rio de Janeiro,
idated
4 the Bth of January. They announce that
the Emperor has appointed Ministers to the
Courts of St. Petersbur.gh and Paris.
The Memoirs of Fouch6 are again coming be.
'ore the French Tribunals, and their authenticity
krll now probably be decided. The bookseller
titotioc has commenced proceedings against M.
41-LeuoNsE BEAUCHAMP, to recover from him the
amount of the damages for which judgment was
given in favour of FoucHE's children, and other
Sums paid to him for editing the Memoirs, accord-
},;g to a written agreement, by which he rendered
ilmself legally responsible as the author of the
W°llK. This new cause is entered, and will be
argued in a few days.
fort
A gentleman has arrived in town from Paris,
he purpose of purchasing various articles for
1i1.,1e use of the King of FRANCE and the Royal
Family, at the approaching Coronation.
Mr. Secretary CANNING was so much recover.
ed yesterday, that it was understood to have
been the intention of the Right Hon. Gentlemen
te have attended the House of Commons. Mr.
r,
• was visited by his usual Medical Advisers.
f Yesterday a Deputation from the Committee
o
,M
L ,anagement of the English and Bristol Chan-
4e' 'Alp Canal had the honour of a meeting with
Chan-
the elder Brethren of the Trinity House, with
uom they were some time engaged in conference
the subject of this important undertaking.
Dnir,eY were very favourably received.
been
DOYLE (the Roman Catholic Bishop) has
,r) summoned to give evidence before the Com-
mittees
,uaesof both Houses of Parliament appointed
to Inquire into the state of Ireland.
