MARLBOROU GH-STREET.

HORSEwIIIPPING.—Mr. Mac Christie, a member
of the Royal College of Surgeons, was held to bail
on Saturday, under the following► ciacumstances.
Mr. Earle, one of the surgeons to St. Bartholo-
mew's Hospital, addressed a letter to the Editor of
the Lancet a month ago, in which he introduced
Mr. MAcChristie's name, in connection with some
private conversations that had taken place between
these two gentlemen. Mr. Mac Christie considered
himself called upon also to address the Editor of the
Lancet, complaining of what Mr. Earle had done,
.and denying what he regarded as falsehoods put into
his mouth by Mr. Earle, Mr. Macleod, another

medical gentleman, and editor of a rival periodical
of the Lancet, in commenting on Mr. Mac Christie's
let ter, made observations,which he (Mr.MacChristie)
thought involved his veracity. He immediately there-
fore got his friend (Mr. Mills) to call on Mr. Macleod
with a letter requesting an explanation, which was
refused to be given. He was then applied to to
name a friend." This application met with a
similar fate. Mr. Mac Christie then felt he had no
remedy but that of calling on Thursday evening
last at Mr. Macleod's house, delivering his card, and
desiring his servant to inform his master that he was
.6 a coward and a liar," and that he (Mu. Mac-
Christie) " would horsewhip and kick him the first
moment he met him." In pursuance of this decla-
ration, on Saturday morning Mr. MacChristie•ap-
peared in front of Mr. Macleod's house with a
horsewhip in his hand, and after having been there
for some time, he was taken into custody at the
instance of Mr. Macleod, and escorted to Marl-
borough-street Police Office. he depositions of
Mr. Macleod and his servant having been taken,
and admitted by Mr. Mac Christie, who stated that
Mr. Macleod had been guilty _of conduct which.
nobody but one of the greatest cowards could have
been capable of, .

Mr. IJYER exprffssed..his regrrjhat gentlemen of
edue'ation, as Meilicar gentlemen must be, should
have suffered their feelings of irritation to have car-
ried them to such an extent, but that he was under
the necessity of holding Mr. M'Chrislie to bail,
which he did, himself in 2001, and two sureties in
100/. each.

The utmost courtesy was shown to Mr. M`Christie
by the Magistrate ; he sent for his friends, who soon
arrived; the recognizances were entered into, cud
all parties left the office.
Four persons, named Wm. Adams, We:. Mailing,
Mary Maling, and Agnes Smith, were charged with
being concerned in a robbery committed at the
hcuse of a lady named Musg.ave, No. 27, Green-
street, Park-lane.
The prisoner Agnes Smith is, it appears, the
housekeeper of Mrs. Musgrave, and on Christmas-
eve, while the family were from home, Smith in-
vited the two prisoners Adams and Mary Maling to
a merry-making in the kitchen. About ten o'clock
Adams went out, under the pretence of going for
some gin; but almost immediately after his return
it was discovered that, during his absence, the
upper part of the house had been entered by thieves,
who carried off nearly 1001. worth of property,
ch►efy consisting of a quantity of family plate. On
this discovery the police were called in, upon which
Adams became so much alarmed tha he at once dis-
closed the whole affair, and admitted that he went
out for the gin for the purpose of opening the door
to a man whom he let in to commit the robbery,
having previously made an arrangement with him
for that purpose ; and the person whom he soatd-
mitted, he said, was William Haling, the other
male prisoner. Upen this admission from Adams,
Maling was sought after and apprehended. Adams
himself was detained on the spot, as were also the
two women—Maling as the wife of the alleged robber,
and Smith as the person inviting such parties to
the house. The perpetrator of the robbery, it
appeared, forced open a cupboard up stairs with a
chisel, which was left behind, and in this cupboard
found a bunch of keys, one of which opened a press
where the plate was deposited.

Adams, on Saturday, repeated before the Magis-
trate the same account he had before given of the
robbery, iS nd pointed out Mating as the robber.
Maling positively denied all knowledge of the
robbery, or any circumstances connected with it.
The whole of Adams's statement, as far as related
to him, was, he said, a tissue of lies, for he never
saw Adams at all that evening, nor was at or in the
neighbourhood of Mrs. Musgrave's house during any
part of that day or night.
Adams, however, persisted in his story, and said
that the chisel which was left behind was Maling's
own chisel, for he was pretty sure, although he would
not swear it, that he had seen it with hill before.
Maling, he said, carried away the property in a bag,
and said that he would take it immediately to a Jew
to whom lie knew z.e could sell it.

Mr. DYER asked Adams how it was that Maling
knew that th keys were in the cupboard that had
been forced?

Adams replied, that he himself told Maling where
to find the keys. As for the women, he said they
were perfectly innocent of any knowledge of the
robbery until after it was committed.
" And pray," said Mr. DYER to Adams, " how
did you, a perfect stranger to the house, know that
Mrs. Musgrave kept her keys in that cupboard ?"
Adams replied that he merely guessed it, and told
Maling to try there.
Mr. DYER said, that it was much more likely that
he got his information from Smith, the housekeeper,
than that he guessed it, and remanded all the pri--
sorters for future examination.

The extensive barracks at Aix-la-Chapelle
were consumed by fire on the 17th of December. It broke
out in the upper part of the building, where a quantity
of articles, dry and easily inflamed (wool, bedding, &c.),
appear to have been set on fire by the carelessnee of same
of the inmates when smoking their pipes.
RICHARD LANDER, the faithful attendant of
the late lamented Captain CLATPERTON, during his last
African expedition, has been ever• since his return sedu-
lously engaged in preparing for the press, an account of
his ()war wanderings and personal adventures in that in-
hospitable clime, which are reported to be of a very novel
description. With what ietenaity the spirit of enterprise
and travel animates the heart of this young man, may be
conceived from the fact tut, though he was the only sur-
vivor of the expedition under Grptain CLAPTEKTOH, he
has just under-Lac:l a commission from the Government
to proceed again to the same mysterious and perilous region,
on a mission to explore the course of the Nigrr.
Several accounts of the arrest of the SoLicr-
TOR-GENERAL and Sir C. WLTHERELL have been given
in the public Papers, an] of their subsequently giving
bail to keep the peace ; but it has not been stated that
any actual challenge was given by either of the parties.
We understand, from good authority, that the SOLICITOR.-
GENERAL did send a challenge to Sir C. WETHERELL,
which was accepted, and two gentlemen were requested to
settle the necessary preliminaries ; but, as the magistrates
interposed, and prevented the chance of a new SOLICITOR..
GENERAL being appointed, or the less of one of the leaders
of the Tories in the House of Commons, the whole affair
was referred to two gentlemen at the bar, who decided that
an apology was due Irons Sir CHARLES to the SOLICITOR-.
GENEIIAL. The decision of those gentlemen was imrxe-
di•htely acted upon by the former, and the affair terminated
amicably.— Court Journal.

It is little more than twenty years since thg
existence of veins in the bones was ascertained. They
wer.e. then for the first time discovered, furrowing the
diploe, in the fe.rni of tu!ivs with bony si,les, and it was
found, not without astonishment, that the blued was cir,
celated through those veins without any -concurrent
action of their sides, but solely by the propulsion of the
arterial blood into the veins, or by a kind of absarbing
force inherent in the latter order of vessels. At that
period, the veins in the flat bones of the skull, the shoulder,
and the pelvis, and those of the princi;ud long bones of
the extremities, were alone discovered. M. MIE-
S!: lirr, a French an3toinist, has recently devotel
his alention to tlue subjecr, an,l has trle?A the veins is
the other parts of the osseous syalern all the veins of
which are wile, in cnsequence of Lis researches, as well
known as the arteries, an,l perhaps better. M. Bausciirr
has also investigated the character of the.veins which con-
nect the veins of the bones will: the venous sislem
GAzsgow Paper.

(From the o.tford Univerdity and City Herald.) -
So much has been said in The St. n News-
I paper and elsewhere, about the proposed change
in the Examinations and Classification at Oke
•ford, that it is expedient some interest should be
excited, and some inquiries be made, how far
this change is to be carried, and upon what
notice : our Universities are public property, and
should create a public interest of the deepeet
nature. If the ruling powers in Oxford be doing
any thing of which they dare not give notice,
they convict themselves of something worse than
error ; and if they be acting coliecientioesle, they
will give more than statutable notice of any im-
portant change. Each non-resident Member of
Convocation will judge for himself, whether any
change that is proposed may be such as to call
for his interference. It appears probable, that
the resident Members of Convocation will in ge-
neral be the fittest judges of what is advise:dile
in detail. If the new statute now in ag;tatioa
about the examination for the Bachelor's degree
go further, and only
.further, than previous sta-
tutes have gone, keeping the same track, and
require more general knowledge than has hereto-
fore been required, adding, for instance, to a
competent knowledge of the classics, some ac-
quaintance with modern languages and history',
and natural philosophy, let it prosper : f„r it is
certain that now a thorough knowledge of Greek
and Latin, to the exclusion of all other know-
ledge, is not enough to be termed a liberal
education, when men make their appearancee on
the great theatre of life. While literature was
in such a state, that - the only readable books
were in Greek and Latin, those languages were
the only means of liberal education. Even on
this point, however, some interference may be ad-
visable to check the swing from one extreme to
the other ; but there is one point, if rumour
speaks true, which imperiously demands the in-
terference of every member who may consider
emulation as a breach of His rules, who com-
mands us in honour to prefer one another, and
it is to this point the attention of every Member
of Convocation is now solicited. St. Paul has
particularized emulations as "the manifest works
of the flesh," and classed them in fitting company
with " hatred, variance, wrath, strife, envyings,
murders, and drunkenness."—Gal. Y. 20. While
he warns us, that " they who are Christ's have
crucified the flesh," and with it the passions and
desires which work through it, against our spi-
rits ; he has told us, with peculiar emphasis, that
we are not to be " desirous of vain glory ;" that
we are not to envy one another; and that eve are
not to call forth one another into contests. It
is said to be proposed, that in Orford, the men
who take honours shall be classed according to
their merit, as compared one with another, and
not in classes, of which each member receives
equal honour, because he has attained a given
knowledge of given books. Now an order of
merit, as it is miscalled, when considered in con-
trast with an alphabetical order of those v. ho have
used due diligence in their academical studies,
and improved the number of talents they have
received, is an exact contradiction of St. Paul,
The glory of the
.first man of his year, (however
designated) for instance, is a vain glory, is more
likely to create envy than not, in those who may
almost be called his antagonists, and is in its es-
sence exactly such a provocation of one another
to contest and exertion as St. Paul forbids. He
tells us, that nothing is to be done through
" strife and vain glory ;" that " in lowliness of
mind each should esteem other better than them-
selves;" that." we are not to look every man on
his own things, but every man also on the things
of others." That we are to be so minded be-
cause our Saviour was ; and that we are to do all
things without murmurings and disputings.—
Phil. 2. In itself, a fixed standard has every
advantage, in every way, over a variable one ;
and the knowledge it implies is not.at all incon-
sistent with that " meekness of wisdom," which
St. James commends. "If ye have hitter en.
vyings cr,,,vov) and strife of your hearts, do not
boast of that and lie against the truth ;" as if
knowledge so obtained were deserving the name
of wisdom. No—such knowledge as that, is
not the knowledge which is wisdom, which has
descended from above, to make man wise unto
salvation, and to make the natural man a spiritual
being—such knowledge, so obtained in connec-
tion with envying and strife, is earthly,—has in
it nothing of heaven, is sensual or natural—has
in it the contradiction of God's Spirit, is de-
vilish. For where envy and strife is, there is
confusion, and every evil work,jaines, 3.
~ They that are after the flesh do mind-the
things of the flesh—but we are to be spiritually
minded ;" and if so, we shall have life and peace,
(Rom. 8) not contention, not emulation—but
peace.
The University that stamps any young man as
the first of his fellow students, makes him a re-
turn for his exertions which need not now he
characterized in the full truth, but which is at
least unparental and unbecoming. The result is
such as to feed at once his pride and vanity--
to depress his associates, and make them his sa-
tellites, and not his friends—to destroy in the
whole University the spirit of free discussion,
and substitute the slavery of a general deference..
It encourages the dangerous system of lookieag
to effects only, and estimating men by a false
standard. The University should teach every
one of its members not to think more highly of
himself than he ought to think, but to think
soberly—or, as it may fairly be paraphrased, not
to think highly of themselves, which is always
wrong—but, to think of themselves, that their
opinion of themselves may tend to keep up in
,1.-. e
them the spirit of a sound mind—to tr,4 them
meek and le xly, for meek and lowly they will
be ill proportion to the degree in which they
believe in the Gospel. If emulation effected a
thousand times more than ever it has effected,
such an effect could not alter the sinfulness of
its character, and the meanness of its nature.
:pi rtt oh uitigiogh
iil.pdi pride
possible)e neb(lvye ti selfishness,
agency,
ig)oed cy,, results,
geesi'(i
1 It
every(were workssaitltcehmt
not seem likely to draw down from heaven a
blessing npisn the parties, prefessedly Christians;
who are concerned in such a dereliction from Cee
Gospel. When all may obtain what all, are
striving for, and the success of one 0,,0es not
affect the success of another, except by renderine-
it more probable from such muneal • "1
au , as Call
be fairly given sod received in the same . puisui. • 't ,
Christian feelings are cherished, and the young
man's heart is taught to act from a sense of
duty, and to gait by degrees the lower notion of
immediate, reward, which might have influenmt
hurt at school.

So great has been the fill of snow iii the
seighbouriwod of Croydon, that the !env:* loßding to
Coulsdon (w:tliin fear milks of that to,: a, ace nearly
blocked up, tio snow bein in mo*,t p.r:s (in cou-equence
of drifting- or 001,116.4 five *.r *ix, and ii: svne !WA.
even 90 much a' ei4ht, fret in illoptl4,
