( Cheers, and loud cries of " That will do.") Perhaps
the better way would be for a few gentlemen to retire, and cep:
if they could frame a resolution that would wee;
all parties.—( Hear, hear.)
Mr. KNIGHT said the very thing stated i•• • •
was stated in the resolution itself, or the ground of it.—( Hear
and laughter.)
Mr. CHAPMAN, from Newcastle, said there were few gentle-
men present who represented a larger constituency than he
did. He considered the resolution could not be too strong
if it were only true.—( Loud cries of " Hear, hear. )
They ought to legislate for those poor creatures the Negroes
as they would for their own wives and children, and if they
came within the terms of the address by Sir George Grey I"
the House of Commons, he must say human nature had been
insulted, and Christian principle trampled to on. —( Cheers. )
He must say that he thought her Majesty's Government, by
their conduct on the question of Negro slavery, had forfeited
the confidence of the country, and henceforth their support and
countenance.—( Cheers. )
Mr. GEORGE THOMPSON then put the resolution to the De-
legates as follows :—" That it is the opinion of the assembled
Delegates that the course pursued by Her Majesty's Ministers
on the question of Negro emancipation, is deserving of unqua-
lified condemnation."—( Cheers.) Are we unanimous on that?
—( Cries of " Yes, yes.")
Mr. BALDWIN believed they were not unanimous.—( Hear'
hear, and laughter.) If alone, he would stand there and
oppose the resolution, unless there were added to it,
d, tbat
Ministers were unworthy of the confidence and support
of those who had advocated the great cause of humanity.
( Hear, hear.)
The Rev. Mr. BURNETT said it would be a very grave thing
for that Assembly to pass a vote of unqualified censure on the
Government, and to say the Ministers were incompetent as a
Government for the purposes of Legislation.—( Hear, hear.)
He (Mr. B.) was willing to admit that they who were not
capable of doing justice in this case, might not be capable of
doing justice on many others.—( Hear, hear.) But itfwas a
serious thing for that meeting, consisting of the representa-
tives of large bodies of the people, to take upon itself the
responsibility of passing an unqualified censure on the moral
and political character of the Administration. He doubted very
much if their constituents would not say they had gone beyond
the limits of their mission.—( Hear, hear.) The resolution
and the amendment went to pronounce sentence of condemna-
tion on the Ministers generally. He should rather be dis-
posed to propose that four gentlemen should retire as a sub-
committee to prepare a resolution that might meet the views of
all, and not compromise the delegation.—( Hear.)
After a great deal of desultory discussion a sub-committee
was appointed, consisting of Messrs. Baldwin, Thompson'
Burnet, Chapman, and M‘Caul ; who accordingly retired to
another room.
Dr. GREVILLE then proposed, that as Lord Glenelg had
made out in the House of Lords the whole case of the delega-
tion, it would be desirable to bring that Noble Lord's adnns-
- under the notice of the Members of the House of Com-
mons this night.—( Hear.) He moved that a letter, addressed
to Lord Melbourne, and embodying the statements of Lord
Glenelg, should be printed, and copies distributed amongst
the Members.—( Hear. )
Mr. MORGAN, of Birmingham, seconded the motion, which
was unanimously agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT then moved a resolution of thanks to Sir G.
Strickland, which, however, was withdrawn, on the under'
standing that it should be brought forward after the conclusion
of the debate of this night.
A motion for an address to the Queen, brought forward b
oe
meeting
the
denyfo ltlho
ew ienxgi s rt
ce oc leu t
oi of n
any c 0
tI,D thhiesnmme
Mr. Johnson, was also postponed.
‘N‘ITr. hßatiGwilh°
tract between this country and the West Indian proprietorsi
to continue the apprenticeship, they at the same time are °f
opinion that all contracts:which compromise the natural rights
of the human race, and contravene the divine law, are before
God null and void, and ought to be abolished."
Mr. MORGAN seconded the resolution, which was ultimately
referred to a sub-committee.

Mr. G. Thomson and the other Members of the Subcom-
mittee previously appointed then submitted the following re-
solution, which was unanimously agreed to :—" That it is the
opinion of the assembled delegates that the course pursued by
her Majesty's Ministers on the great question of negro ap-
prenticdhip merits unqualified condemnation, as being iner9-
sistent with just legislation, sound policy, the negroes' ri,gbts,
and the admission of those existinr, evils in the colonier,a urn
which Lord Glenelg's Bill is itself founded, and the e,eleg3te„9
call upon their constituents throughout the country to give u
all constitutional means the strongest public expression of
their opinions and feelings regarding the cond'act of the Ad-
ministration on this occasion."
Mr. BURNET, for the Sub-Committee, submitted an amend-
ment on Mr. Bignold's motion, which ,:vas merely the inset'
tion of the following clause—" That had any contract existed,
it bad been flagrantly violated by the planters themselves,
both in law and practice."
The resolution, as amended, was unanimously agreed to. A
highly complimentary and well deserved vote of thanks
was then passed to Mr. Scales, of Leeds, and Mr. Wilson, :,9
Nottingham, after which the meeting was adjourned till t
o'clock to-morrow.

The following is the letter addressed to Lord MelVjourneo
on the motion of Dr. Greville

MY LORD,—In adopting the present mode of addressing Sou, WC beg
to offer our sincere thanks for the prompt, manner ir, Which yotl
aC-
ceded to our request for a personal interview,for the courtesy with which
you received us, and the frankness w.!ch which you explained the vie,"
held by her Majesty's Ministers in l'egard to the Slavery question. per-
mit us, my Lord, at the sax:it time to say, with equal frankness
and with due deference, ttiat when you spoke of the " ausPiei°°
advancement" of the apprenticeship, we listened with feelings
of unfeigned astonishment, My Lord, at the time you made
this statement, Lord Glenelg, who has recently shown s° in-
timate an acquaintance with the condition of the West 17.5.,
tc,
colonies, was present ; and although he was silent during the inter'?
we beg leave on the grand point to appeal to the speech deliver,'-'
him in the Upper House of Parliament. We might say much, '9u
re
selves upon this subject ; we might observe that such a d',,sclo'u
" forced" upon Lord Glenelg, as he declared it tm be, and y.lOl a Bill
forced upon the British Government, in the ele,venth hour, for the po'n,
tection of the negro against the savage tyratedy of oolc:dal legisitt„
is a rather extraordinary evidence of the
auspicious advance
the apprenticeship system. But we refer at once to unquestionote
authority—the authority of your Lordship's own colleague. We quo
from Lord Glenelg's speech as 1,-..ported in the Times and 26c'.,
Chronicle, of Wednesday, Feb: 21, 1838. prO"
" I have made," said Load Glenelg, "every effort to correct the ote
ceedings of local assemblies. The efforts of my Noble Friend neari nej
(the Marquis of Sligo) have been made to correct the evils conlPl
of. My Noble Friend has appealed to the House of Assembly ur i:as
this and many other grievances.—(Hear, hear.) Sir Lionel
on-
sent a message to the House of Assembly, recommending them th.ge
b
nd
sideration of many such grievances. The message was sent on
until
of November ; it was referred to a Committee. The House 53"ary
Christmas; and then it adjourned at an unusual time, Fehr.,ren-
and not a single topic recommended to its notice had beer, taken into
they Dad
sideration. Now it was necessary for him to say, that, though
et be
nothing to hope for from the local assemblies of Vac Colonies, y
trusted that they had everything to hope for from. Parliament." rea•
"Your Lordships are aware that, by the Altolition Act, the app
tices are divided into different classes--the prredial and the non-111 the
apprentices. The non.prwdial apprenticeship is to continue nut'see-
-Ist August, 1838, and the prandial,apprenticeship until 1840. In Dee"
ral of the colonies it appears that an incorrect arrangement h`-ro
made, and the slaves are thus injured. In Jamaica there had bee ouch
classification law whatever passed until last year, and then it
vlofovern"
a nature that I could not allow it to receive the sanction of the
JO'
merit of this country. Up, then, to this moment no classificatl
has passed.
great
" In Jamaica the eight hour system has given rise to gr% „we'
content. It has acted very injuriously to the negro, for while
hour system secured to the negro a holiday every Friday, the refesa
system precluded him from that indulgence, and left him but thc
of the day for raising his own provision.
" It is true that apprentices are condemned to \workhouses, or
or 110° 0,1
of correction placed under local laws, for apKentice offences,.ole
fences affecting the interest of his employers. For every inc.:o' d
Sc;
offence of this kind the apprentice is committed to a wor/w„eru
t
he is removed from the protection of British law, and from that Will
not enter into more sad scenes to which my Noble Friend
ment the admission of special magistrates is carefully prevented.
AO
has anti': the
occurring in these workhouses—scenes on which it is impossible for
mind to dwell without horror." ttie
" Many facts have been elicited regarding these workhouses
5* 01
course of the examination before a Select Committee of the 11°,110 in
Commons, which prove that the most horrid cruelties are perPet,rivot.
them, and present a most disgusting picture of West Indian •
sti'
" The evil feelings generated by a long course of ssicke:lll
, t°
:ov,
rankle in the breasts of the oppressors, and they have recourse f tbsP,
worse instruments than they ever before employed in, the height °
most licentious barbarity." (V.!)
o
My Lord, we might have extracted more larrzty from Lord „c
speech. But we have surely brought forward, sufficient to jus"JY
tirshi?
denouncing in the name of the British peo
ple that the aPPrenoocyerili
shall terminate on or before the Ist of August next. " t°
tnent," according to Lord Glenelg " acknowledges the rio
for
the negro to freedom." He admits that he is " willing to
5-na
wages ;" that he has shown "great patience, docility,
un d",
bearance." We protest, therefore, against the prolongs.tion
pro,'
est
any modification of a system which has been °Mei,'" op
to be distinguished by fraud, injustice, and harbaritY•
for 6' rave
'
The sufferings of the poor slaves during the last four years";
oe og au
they still
argument i are n
the breast, to the disofgraever just andce of the Britishhumane Crown
man for the re
f•
or
-would
of the remaining two years of miserable bondp„ge, We den irn
.Aud'
ct
them, in the name of Almighty God, as an aof bare just' tee'ts prov',
y
my Lord, permit us to say, hi conclusion., that should our cab' o and
inetlbctual—should a cruel and tin),
_lst policy triurrAph,. 3:0;e4
riot we, may be found in the great dar
,of account to ',lave rfetiovfr
creatures, who are of equal vr;lue
fearful responsibility. The teara apd
in the sight cf God with the "".
and Nobles of this fine land, wit's rise to bear witness, against •
my Lord, let not God, w:ien he looks for judgment, behold opPr`
for righteousness behe;id a cry.
sots,
seri'
groans of thous%nds ofY°..° iconces
We are, my Lord., your Lordship's obedient and most humble
signed on behalf of the Delegates, by
,h 101°.
BLAIR,
Mr. Humphrey off umphrey paired with Mr. A drr e ries
n
Thompson,
against Lord Eliot's; motion ; and art
Grey's name was omitted in the list of the majority w
peered in yesterday's paper. to
TIIE DUCHESS OF KENT.—It iS 821,, sate orY
supplying • of
learn, from the Times, that the tradespeople • -
Highness the Duchess of Kent, who have been in the goy
her Royal Hi late estrablic:.braentd'_..,ancls'
sington Palace, were paid a largo portion of their (-"„olco
on Wednesday the 28th instant. The London tradesP"
it is added, had been previously paid.
SECOND-HAND SILVER WA
_`lGuinea°
A variety of some dozens may be selected front, price TN each
each
each ; some rather more modern, Two and a Half Gt Thte
and an assortment quite equal to new,
Three Guineas sash'rr CO
whole have bees, carefully examined, and are warrantee ' .
Doors fropi
SAVORY, Watchmaker, 47, Cornhill, London, Seven t
Graceehurch-street. N.B. Second-hand Watches; purchased
exchange.

sc,
London; Printed and Published by MURDO YOUNG'
toy
112, Strand, at The Sun Office, No. 112, r,itrand, in the c°
of Middiesax.—Friday, March 30, 1838..
