SPANISH SLAVERY.

Mr. ALEXANDER said if the Committee would allow him he would
now bring up the Rcport on Spanish slavery, on which subject the
Committee had proposed a resolution for the further adoption of
the Convention.

Mr. TVRNUULL seconded the resolution, which was agreed to
unanimously.

FINANCE.

Mr. W. CREWDSON held in his hand a paper containing a list of
a few subscribers to the expenses of that noble institution. Those
expenses were running very high, and he was sorry that there was
as yet but ver" few subscriptions recorded on the paper he then held
in his hand. He apprehended that the expenses they had in.
curred since they first sat, would not fall far short of 1,0001., and he
trusted, therefore, that all parties would contribute liberally towards
the institution.

Mr. HEAD, the Mayor of Carlisle, hoped that those gentlemen
who had shown such zeal in their speeches in the cause of aboli-
tion, would display equal zeal with regard to its funds. The 1,0001.
that had been referred to would not support the Society—it would
only keep there out of debt. They ought to have some
annual increase, as the welfare of the Society depended upon their
having the means of carrying it on.
Mr. STUEGE was sure that all present would do what they could
for the benefit of the Society, but he thought that it ought to be
remembered that many of their friends had made great sacrifices
for the cause, in their time, and also in the expense they had been
at in coming to this country.—(Cheers.)
Mr. JOSIAH FORSTER hoped that their friends from the country,
would bear in mind the great benefits that would be derived to
o
Society from having annual subscriptions. He must, therefore,isiaverytie
again recommend that regular subscriptions for the Ant
Society should be adopted.
The subject then dropped.
Professor ADAMS then came forward to communicate to H
thee
meeting the conients of a paper relative to slaverye in
Ceylon,
or the state
Ceylon.
had no personal knowledge of the Island
knew
of
c was derived from )
of slavery in it ; all that he
tAhse
herha ldi aszt
stated
a rbyeropraep, e rtsh
those
eeprincipally consulted
poanr
at
mh ee
tsaurbyj ecdHet
were had
e
begged, however, the attention of the Con
tails, which he had taken from the Parelieanmtieonntatrny
the phrased
