A CURIOUS OFFEROF MARRIAGE

We extract the subjoined matrimonial notifieatio
neourielt castle,s. Thefrom the Munich Journal:—
" I am the hereditary possescor of a domain and
newly-built -h
forests.
situcaatsetlien, awbheiacuh beautiful part n
ina ofy
the
fine
spa-
cious
Ba-
varian
apartments. is surrounded with mountanis, lovely
meadows, and fields, through whieit rivulets wind,
woods for the hunt, and streams far rmgline. ; it stands
in a charming valley, wherein the tow n of Chant, with
its many old towers, castles of ancient Imights, and ruins
of the remotest ages, inspires the soul with poetical
feelings. But, however delightful the spot may be to
those who judge of rural life by the fable; of' Virgil.
Horace, and Delille, I think it very melancholy to
beheld none but myself in my fine rooms, and to see
but my own person reflected in my looking-glass. 1
have, therefore, resolved to marry. like other simpletons;
and since it is affirmed that marriages arc made in hea-
ven, and are but a lottery, to see what heaven may'
have in store for me, and what fair creature the vrlice-
of fortune may allot me,—with this view I submit my
wishes to all young ladies through the medium of the
newspapers. The one I wish to marry must be be-
tween sixteen and twenty years of age ; she must have
fine hair, fine teeth, and beautiful little feet. She must
be born of honest and good parents, and her fame must
be spotless. She must dress elegantly, but plainly, in
either silk or velvet, but no other materials. She must
not wear ear-rings, chains, rings, or any silly ornaments
of that description ; neither must she wear slippers,
caps, ribands, false hair, &c., nor have her dresses made
alter existing fashions, nothing being so foolish as to
follow other human beings, as cows follow one another.
She must have her clothes made, and wear them ac-
cording to her own taste and fancy, heedless of what
the herd of fashionable women any say about it. She
must know or learn how to rid• and drive. She must
never knit, that being a mare manual occupation to con-
ceal stupidity. She shall be allowed music only if she be
perfect in that art, it being tiresome to listen to the bad
performers who annoy visitors in so many houses. She
shall be mistress of the house in all domestic matters,
and I.myself,shgarllbtenemye happy
to slavish or toyieldto lehredreleatsteoenasbulde
whims, being a great
submission, whence, thanks to the Church, all quarrels
and discontent derive their origin ; but she must accona"
,pany me in all my journies and excursions, because it
is in my opinion a shame that a man should g°
about day and night, living in splendour at
hotels.
whilst his wife is left at home alone, a prey to ennui:
She must not, as is the case with most married
eon-
couples, forget what becomes female dignity, and
descend to be the first to coax her husbend, as rcanY a
high-minded lady is compelled to do to humour her un-:
ati
couth lord. Whatever I have expressed d
by
conventhe vi,ord
tion
must is not slavery, but a contract
entered into for her real welfare. On the day. of her
marriage she shall receive 30,000 florins in Rutetin
and
Prussian State bonds, the interest upon which she will
however, be obliged to spend as may suit her pleasur;
no vice being more abominable than avarice.
IBY
convention she will never be allowed to (lance, iecau_e
I will not see my wife frisk about like an idio
it
not tek.e
she have property of her own, I will
from her on marrying her. She shall dispose. of it a
may suit her, as well as the interest on her jointurient
but those interests shall not be capitalised on the
ip)erin,
ciple of the avaricious, nothing
more stupid than to save for other folks. My Pi
ciple and wisdom consist in the enjoyment of the
plea-
sures of life in continual good-humour. I am 7I
" I must now say something about myself. 25.
years old, according to the almanack, but
only
heer-
judging by my health and strength. I am always c
Hour
ful. I seek for pleasure wherever the strictest hono a
admits of it. If, therefore, there exist anywhere
e.
in this world
no.
handsome young girl, willing to bustle about on oast..hrs.
back, in travelling, or at home with an old n,.
hale, hearty, and active, she may write to me, and
at
will go and meet her, to see her and let her see me,
not
any piece within a hundred
orled of haguesonour of Mthatunichher name
, but
further, engaging on my w
never shall be uttered.
" THEODORE, BAItON VON HALLBERG OF Bisoneht rt,
" Commander of the Order of St. Mchael, knig of
the Order of St. Ann, and Captain Colonel of the
Rhine and Meese.
" Munich, at the Black Eagle, 15th Nov., 1840?

THE DISTRESSED POOR OF
CITY OF LONDON.

The following notice has been circulated through
the Ward of Aldersgate, in which there arc many fa-
milies in a deplorable state of poverty :
" WARD OF ALDEIiSGATE.
" Notice is hereby given, that the Foreman and Gen-
tlemen of the Inquest will wait upon the inhabitants
for their subscriptions for the poor
the of this ward
uon
Wednesday and Thursday next, and y respe
sea-
urge
urge upon the inhabitants the present inclement
son as a ground for additional liberality in their sub-
scriptions.
" THOS. GEO. POSTAN, Ward Clerk.

" Saturday, Dec. '26. 1840."
Hitherto the Inquest have gone round without notice,
and generally at a late period of the season. after the
rigours of it had passed away. The alarming increase
of pauperism requires now unwearied exertion upon the
part of the humane, and it is expected that the
bene-
the
volent activity of Mr. Herring, the Foreman of
Inquest, and the gentlemen of the Inquest acting with
him, will be productive of an effect proportioned to the
deep necessity which exists for a generous distribution
of the superfluities of fortune. The money col!
lected will be bestowed upon the poor of theirsvisrd
in bread, coals, clothing, &c. The other wards
the
City will, it is hoped, adopt similar means of ex
ertat endi
th
is
relief to the poor, who ale huddled togeth
frightful season to the destitute and friendless.

CHELTENHAM STAG HOUNDS.—The meet-
ing of the subscribers to the stag hounds, which took
place last Saturday at the Assembly Rcoms, we rojoice to
find was the means of effectually reconciling the differ-
ences which had subsisted between the Committee of
Management and that of the tradesmen. The mis-
understanding which had given rise to them having
been satisfactorily explained, the latter consented
anew to raise an annual subscription of 2001.
towards the expenses of the establishracnt. After
these matters of business had been gone through, Col.
Charritie, in the name of the committee, presented a
handsome silver cup to Mr. Griffiths, of the Montpelier
Livery Stables, as a mark of their approbation of his
spirited and liberal conduct at all times,
in ring the
objects of their hunt.—Cheltenham Looker-on.

SILVER TEA SERVICES.—A. B. SAVORY
and SONS, Manufacturing Silversmiths, No. 14, Cornhill,
Landon, opposite the Bank of England, submit the prices of the
following SILVER TEA and COFFEE SERVICES. The
Cottage Pattern is plain, standing on shell feet, the tea and
eoffee-pots with a flower ornament on the lids. The King's
Pattern is richly embossed with flowers and scrolls. The shape
of either is new and elegant :---
COTTAGE rATTERN. XING'S rATTELN.
1 X
1: a.' 8•
Strong' Silver Tea-p0t.....12 0 Strong Silver Teapot ...... 127
10
0
Ditto Sugar 13asin 616 Ditto Sugar Basinr
5 10
Ditto Itlilk Ewer. 410 Ditto Cream Ewe
Ditto Coffee-pot. 15 0 Ditto Coffee-p0t..15 0
----- ----
Complete
A variety of upwards of fifty Tea and Coffee Services may
he seen in the Show-rooms, where may be selected every article
of Silver requisite for the sideboard or plate .chest. Pamphlets
of prices, illustrated with sketches of the various articles, gratis
and forwarded postage free to any part of the kingdom.—A. ll•
Savory and Sons, 14, Cornhill, London, Dpposite the Bank of
England.

SETS of PLATED CORNER DISHES, with
or without Warmers. The price of the Set
of Four Dishes
Eight to Ten
and Covers, without Warmers, varies from
Guineas t
Guineas. The Warmers are from Five to Nim
v u
ed, p
oshe
Set. Engravings of the various patterns will be fol•wardt
free, if application is made, post paid. The dishes are compff) the
Leto in
themselves without warmers, and the handles tak 9
o
covers thus forming four extra dishes when required. ,
T. COX SAVORY,
Silversmith, &c., No. 47, Cornhill ( Seven deers front
Gracechurch-street ), London

STEEL IRE-IRONS, with Bronzed Ileadi
151. per Set, Bronzed Fenster', Ps. A variety of pat-.
terns and prices, from the above to 303. at which pries tho
fenders are particularly handsome, with splendid seroll centec,
richly intermixed with steel, the ends are steel, and the stip-
porters for the fire-irons bronzed. Polished steel re- irons,
from 4s. per set.
containing the prices of every article of
Catalogues gratis,
Furnishing Ironmongery.
RIPPON and 13URTON, Wells-street, Oxford-street.
Established 1820.
inewerwri-

BIRTHS.
On the 26th inst , at Milton, Frances Viscountess Milton)
of a son.
On the 26th inst., Mrs. H. D. D. Stead, Griffin-street,
Shadwell, of a son.
On the 26th inst., at Lymington, Hants, the wife of N. G.
Hopkins, Esq., of a daughter, still-born.
On the 28th inst., at Upper Bedford. place, Mrs. WinoughbY)
of a son.
On the 28th inst., Mrs. E. Brandt, of Chester-place, Re"
gent's-park, of a daughter.
On the 28th inst., Airs. R. I. Leeds, George-street,
Euston-
square, of a son. W le,
On the 29th inst., in Serie-street, Mrs. Spencer a. P °
of a daughter.

MARRIED.
On the lith inst., at Kensington, Arthur, second son of Mr.
C. Chesterton, of Kensington, to Susannah, youngest daughter
of Mr. J. Ball, of the some place. E3q ,
On the 24th inst ,at Kensington, F. Williams, •°f
Kentish-town, to Caroline. Ilensman, of Notting-tell
fourth daughter of the late William Ilensitan,
holton, II untingdanshire. 'rol
On the 29th init., at St. James's, Piccadilly, Edward, ti"
son of the late Edward Longdon Mackinurdo, Esq., of Cloptur"
Aliddlesox, to Anne, eldest daugl t of the Rev. T. Jos"'
1 ur
A.M., one of her Majesty's chaplains at Wl!i2ll±:—.-------_,_
Esq., of ICtist-

DIED.
On the 18th inst., at Manor House, Davylish, Helen, wife
Allan M'llonald, Esq. of Berbice.
On the 21st inst., 'Mrs. A. Barnard, of Sudbury, Silif°lk'
relict of the late J. Barnard,. Esq., aged 90. second (lau
On the 24th inst., at Peckham, Anne Maria, I
l ghter
of the late Captain \V. Adamson, of the Hon. East dia Com-
pany's service

don : Printed and Published by 1111111D0 YOUNG, •I
Lon
No. 11'2, Strand, at The Sun Of4ce, No. 11.2. tarsal 4(4
, in
the county el Aliddhiees,—Wcclneselay, Deeember• 30, 0
