the imprisonment of Tories and the transporta-
tion of Popish -Priests, if- the persons guilty of
Murder, &c. were not taken within fourteen days)
did not satisfy many
.Protestants, who, in their
their,terror“tird perhaps some secret in-
clination tea newt rebellion arid new forfeitures,
called for more severe anti irritating measures.—
They..proposed.that those of-the Irish who still
enjoyed the old rank of Chieftaining, who had
lost their estates, and were therefore likely to
engage in any desperate purpose, should be se-
cured, so as to restrain their septs from rebellion.
. . . . If all:Suspected persons were
to be seized, it seemed -difficult to say how or
where they Were to be kept, hoW,many'rnight be
thus driven to desperate courses, and whether
their followers might hot rather be provoked than
intimidated." With respect to the massacre, as
it. is called, it is 'allowed even by the most fana=
tical.of the Protestants oltat the object of the
. •
Getholits was fltst•maSsaere in the outset, though
excesses occasionally took place. But having
the English' in their hands,' and the English
Authorities proceeding , to .dfstoy the natives
without distinction, they retaliated on them.
The Catholic Lords remonstrated • again and
again on the subject of the horrible cruelties com-
mitted by the English on helpless old men—On
women and children. The following parairApli
from one of the Lo'rdS Justices to the .E. 41 of
Ormond, 'dated 23d Peb. 1641 (Caite's
mond, vol. iii.), will show what monsters the
'nest at the head of the Government were
" It is resolved, that it is fit that his Lordship
do endeavour, with his Majesty's said forces, to
wound, kill, slay,- and destroy by all the ways
and means lie may, all the s.aidigybels, and -their
adherents and relievers, and burn, spoil, waste;
consume, .destroy, and demolish all the places,
tow* and houses,: where the said Tebelsare,
or ItCive been relieved, and harboured, and all
Me. . corn- and hay there, . and kill . and
"deitroy all the men there inhabiting able
to bear arms.". In the famous Remonstrance at
Trim, 17th March, -1642, the Catholics declare
' that Sir Willi to Parsonst Sir Adam Loftus,
Knight; 4704.1 ajesty's Vice-Treasurer of this.
kingdom, and others their adherents, did declare
that an .army,of 10,1400i-S.cots was to arrive in
the kingdom to force the said Catholics to change
their religion, and_that Ireland could never do well
without a rebellion, to the enflthe remain of the
natives theregf might be 'extirpated ; and wagers
were.laidiat general assizes andspublic meetings,
by some of them then -and now em} le.yed at
places of great profit and trust in the kingdom,
that within one year no Catholic should be left
in Ireland:' Such has been the policy of Eng-
land—the weak are always- in the. wrong. Our
system from first to last has been one of violence
and: plunder, for which a succession of pretexts
has been. used, the last of which is reli-
gion. A period of conciliation succeeds one of
severity, when the arm of the cippresser.4 wearied,
like the cold and hot fits of an ague ; and we
wonder.that the Irish should be. half civilised and
wholly discontented.—Morning Chronicle.
The question of Slavery in the West Indies,
like almost every other question of vital import-
ance to the' British Empire, was passed Over last
year in both Houses of Parliament, almost with-
out a remark. A similar occurrence, however,
is not likely to take place during the next Session,
and we are therefore anxious, in the mean time,
to direct the attention of our readers to such
publications as are in any respect calculated to
promote the great object which the Legislature
and the people of this country have in view.
We need scarcely observe, for we have repeatedly
made the same remark, that the two great ob-
stacles which the emancipation and improvement
of the slaves
_in the West, Indies
,have had to
encounter, have been the ultra zeal. of the
Emancipationists at home, and the obstinacy
'of the planters abroad. The: former Viewing
slavery and its horrors in the abstract only,
cried out most lustily -for unconditional
Emancipation ; the latter, seeing the unreason-
ableness of such demands, became . more obsti-
nate in resisting . every improvement that was
suggested by the former, in, proportion to the
warmth with which it was urged. It soon be-
came evident, in consequence, to all who stood
neuter between the parties, 'and had sense and
moderation' enough neither to be persuaded by
the Emancipists to involve themselves as partisans
in the unconditional abolition of slavery, nor to
believe with the planters that' free labour could
iiof be advantageously introduced into our West
India. Islands, that both must lower their tone
before .any practical good. could be effected ; and
such, we think, has already begun to be the
case. The planter no longer opposes Emanci-
pation im the abstract, but talks of indemnity in
the.same.way as the opponents of the Roman'
Catholic Claims talk of securities against
the Pope ; while the Emancipist, on the other
hand, partly, no doubt, convinced by' the
greater
knowledge of the subject which he has
acqUired, that Emancipation would rank next to
injustice to the slave without education and a
disposition to labour and be independent having
been previously implanted in him ; and partly
also from a sense that no scheme of Emancipa-
tion could succeed which did not enjoy the be-,
petit of. the planter's co-operation, appears to
have consented to waive much of the haste and
peremptory mode of procedure on which he for-
merly insisted, and to think that where rights have
been conferred,, rights which have been justly
used ought. -not to be taken away without ade-
quate compensation being made. . Such, we take
it, is really the ]resent-state. of the question—or
if this View of it be somewhat: more favourable
than, under all circumstances, we ought 'to pre-
sent, the time, we
feel
every
resp convinced,respect
bee fard. di s
We
have been induced to make-
consequence of
these isreanioizt
reflections in
a small pamphlet having been
ptchuocti.nF,i iltajoititseoeu:nhadisi
appointed,
geeisitttiioot lietl
asdk,
submitted
nmrtroiltitcee
doltnaestild7verartraitooifoui.sai
Public Meetings, held weekly, during the last
fbur Months, at Salvador Ho—use,
What practical Bishops,..,,ate
Church, for " the discussion of the folrow-ing
.fartthe /a.bblee.stßePeartrs Measures can be
question
adopted to effect the Abolition of Slavery?' "and
which has yet appeared on the. sub-
which we have.n? hesitation in setting down as by
to have been agreed upon
the various
was dra"" uP by Mr. Jec_Car-
penter, and app
after full and ma
suggestions whichtulrveerceolniisididebreaftoiroen
ito ffo r
effecting
the abolition of slavery. The question itself is put
'by the Committee in a different manner tircnn that
in which it has been usually advocated, but on what
we nevertheless conceive to be its true grounds.
" The result Of their inquiries,- (say the Com-
niittee) was, a conviction that the comparative want
of success attributable to the efforts hitherto nude
by the friends of emancipation has arisen . from the
fact, that the true interests of all the parties con-
cerned have not properly. And steadily been kept in
view. Immediate emancipation, however desiratile
it in the abstract may appear to the man of beneo-
lence and the believer in Revelation, can, in fact, 'as
