—every thing, we may well subjoin; but justice it-
self, which costs as much eis ever ? We had as
food Judges, and as speedy redress of wrongs, when
the Judge's' salaries were but 3,6001: per annum, as
now when they are 5,5001. At least I,oooe. etyerr
ought at once to be struck off the trey 'tst these
learned perionages. nett Ibr tail; irtny,—kept up,
as it is, to its pres'ett bkAtulard, on the plea of send-
ing 'ratites kit it to rot away periodically in our
nurreeleon% colonial garrisons I What need have, OVe
co)enies of garrisons of regular trove, 110:e particle
larly since the liberal voli',4 our relations with
America will. have Ilk effect of improving their con-
dition'? 'INN paper has frequently recommended
the the inferior police of our island colonies should
he left to a militia, paid by thetneei%eas and that
whatever udditional defetett '%Viis demanded should
be provided for sty fin increase of our naval sque.
drone stationed in all quarters of the globe. This
arrangement would admit of a rednction of one-
sixth of the standing army of treet Britain. We
repeat, let the Mit'Satere reform Parliament by all
means.; attd 'let them begin by a sweeping ccono•
ritkal Worm—Timm
On presenting two petitions for Pettilaffientary
Reform, and the alrelititti negro slavery, Earl
Grosvenor tlltlatil to the attack made on the Lord
Chancellor in the House of Commons, with the
view of giving him an opportunity ;to 'reply. The
attack made on his LeTesTlip by Mr. Croker is so
generally d
olid*e(and even by the friends of that
•
getttleman) to have been a failure, that it was hardly
necessary to bestow farther attention on Ir. His
Lordship, so called upoti has tier; Zoitid not avoid
noticing the subject. He disclaimed having ever
stated en Malibu, of not severing himself from the
repeenentation of Yorkshire; but, at the period
Nyben he was said to have made such a statement;
he no more contemplated the possibility of his being
prevailed upon to quit the ttatioli he then held for
that he now occupied, than he at the present mo-
ment fabeitti he should ever go back to that House li
horn which the favour of his Majesty had raised him.
However, the best vindication of the Noble and
Learned Lord is, that (waiving th predilec-
tions) his elevation will give him additional means
of tifeetint the relerins end improvements for which,
at 'representative of Yorkshire, he had pledged him
self to contend.
When I accepted (said his Lordship) the high Mike
to which I have been called, / did to in the full and per-
fact conviction, thit fat• from disabling ins to discharge
my antS, to my country—far from rendering my services
kiss enicient, it but enlarged the sphere of my utility.
The thing which dazzled the most in the prospect which
opened to my few was not the Rea-tsar tisleigiour of the
place, but because it gaited to afford me, if I were ho-
nest-.on which >i could rely—if I were consistent—which
I knew to be a matter of absolute necessity in my nature—
if I were as able as lam honest and consistent—a field of
exertion more extenthd. That by which the Great Seal
dazzled my eyes, and induced nra to quit a station which,
till this time, I deemed the Most proud which an English-
man could enjoy, was, that it seemed to hold out the gra-
tifying prospect, that in serving my King I should be the
batter able to serve my country (Bear, hear.")
Let us extend to the Noble and Learned Lord
the same cord:l4lgal which has been given to his
colleeguesthat he has accepted dice, not for the
sake of mere personal advantage, but with a view
to serve the country in a critical emergency. The
use which he shall snake or power will either be his
hest jurtifieatitM, or his strongest condemnation for
accepting it.---Morning Chronicle.

We call the attention of our readers to a letter from
St.:Petersbergh, from a gentleman in that city, who
has hie Btll opportunity of knowing all Mal is going
on there. It will be seen from his account that de-
signs are, Or rather perhaps were (for the change of
Ministry in this country will probably have had its
effect on the Emperor), entertained by Russia hos-
tile•to the interests of the civilized parts of Europe.
When we consider the deelaration made by the King
of .Tlollend, of the assurances he bud received from
his Allies as to the observance of treaties---imply-
tog tnat he was not at liberty to consent to the se.
paration of:Belgium from Holland, on account of
the interference of his Allies—with the account of
our correspondent from St. Petersburg!), and the
reference to treaties in the King's Speech, at the
opening of` Parliament, we are disposed to believe
that some foul conspiracy has been planned by the
great Pewers, which Englund, if not a party to,
must at least have connived at. The change 'of
Ministry will probably .frustrate the designs of the
great Powers; for there is a material difference be-
tween a good understanding between England and
France, and a good understanding between England
and .the great Powers, should they interfere with
Belgium and Francs'. The Powers with which
Russia might, in that Mt!, have influence to co-
operate, may now be deterred from so doing. We
wish we were as sure of the intentions of the late
Ministry with, regard to the designs of the Holy
Alliance as we ere sure of those of the. present.
But every day serves to place their conduct in a
more suspicious light. The designs which have
been hatching by the Powers, and the degree in
which the late Ministers encouraged them, may
never, perhaps, be fully known; but we confess we
could wish some pains were taken to get at the hots
torn of the business. The Kittg of Holland must
have been buoyed up with hopes or promises of
some kind, otherwise he would hardly have acted
and spoken as he has done.—Morving Chronicle.
Among the numerous pamphlets to which the
present political crisis has given birth, there is one
just published by Longman and Ridgway, entitled,
" The .Result of the Change of Administration, or
what the new Ministry has to look to," which is
eminently distinguished front its predecessors by
two prominent features—an absence of strong poli-
' tical bias, and an extensive fund of information on
the various national topics of which it treats. The
title would lead one t 6 imagine that the object of 1,
the pamphlet was to compare the talents and views
of the late Administration with those of the present,
and to point out the knotty questions, and political
difficulties, which the latter will have to encounter
in carrying its pledges into effect ; but an exa-
mination of its pages will convince the reader
that the induction from the title is only correct
in so far as the last half of It is. concerned. The
pamphlet is, in fact, neither more or less than
en enumeration of the various questions which
press themselves at the present moment open
the attention of Parliament and Majesty's
Government, accompanied by observations emi-
nently judicious respecting the object to be aimed
at, and the extent to which Reform • is either des
eirable, or, us yet, is possible of attainment. In the
spirit of these observations every sound mind must
agree. There must be retrenchment, us the author
observes, not in the Civil List only, but in every
other department of the public expenditure, because
the value of money has risen, and the tante quantity
Of it will now purchase more of the. product of in-
dustry than it would have done during theleign of
the Bank restriction—there must he a reduction
of taxes, us we)) es a new application. of the prin-
ciple of taxation, and precisely for the double reason,
chat the country now pays more in taxes, in conse-
quence of the chenge in the value of money,
than the fair rewrite of industry will afford, and be-
cause en ignorant' Legislature has imposed taxes on
ertieles which might not to have been taxed, and
left those untaxed which ought to have borne the
burden -and tintilly, 'there must be a Reform in the
representation of the People in Parliament, because
the present representation is deficient in the qualities
necessary for legislation, and 'thole who compose
do not Jeri ye their credentials from the people, but
directly from family connection and influence, or the
amount of meney which may he lodged by or for
them
their Woken). All these matters are trotted
by the author of the pamphlet, as well as many
others, SUCh as the Bank Charter, the Corn Laws,
Om. ; but all with 'eehrineett and-temper, with judg7•
meet and information. The former qualities are not
,particularly requisite at the present moment, in -se
