GOTTENBLTRGII MAIL.

GOTTEtiAURGii, JULY 2g.—A vessel has arrived
at Stockholth, without convoy, which left Riga O
the 20th, and reported that a great bustle prevailed
there on account of a battle which had been fought
at a place called Dunaberg, about 20 Gern:o
•miles from thence ; and it was confidently said,
that the French had attacked that plaCe with the
greatest •fary, 'three times, and were thrice rep elSea
with very great losS.

No man was allowed to depart from Riga, but
were all most actively employed in adding to the
fortifications and defences of the place.—The,w°-
men and children had been seneoff to St. Vele'
burgh, Stockholm, and the Island of Oesel.
BENTUK arrived at Revel on the 25th ult. and
imniediatc,%; proceeded to head-quarters.

EXTRACT OF A. LETTER FRGNI VIENNA, JUL, IL
We no longer doubt that hostilities have rg-
commenced .between the RusSiaws
.and Turks, the
preliminaries of peace not -havinglheen ratified by
the :Grand Seignior.. The Russian troops, wb°
had received another destination, are returning,
to-
wards the banks •of• the Danube. •

BRESLAU, JULY the 6th the Russian
Minister at Berlin, had arrived atf. Koningsberg
on his return to St. Petersburg.
Lithuania is provisionally divided into three de"
partments, viz. M:nsli, 'Joie-11,-and Grodno ; the
King of Westphalia is near Minsk, as well ag the
Polish army..

ADDRESS TO 'THE GERMANS TO -ASSEMBLE UND°

THE STANDARDS OU HEIR N4TIVE covlrrilY

AND OF HANOVER.

" GERMANS !

" Why do you make war on Russia, force-
yourselves over its borders, and treat in a hosti.lc
manner the people which has for many ages beet'
iniriendly relation with you—which has ,incW:-
porated in its bosom thousands of your country"
.-
men„ foStered their talents, and gave employmert,
to their industry ? What can delude you to nvcirle
this unjtifit attack, which cannot prove other Wisc
than destructive to yourselves, and which cannot
end but with the death of hundreds of thonsancls'
or with your total subjugation.
But this attack is not the consequence Of
yc;ur own free and resolved determination ; tho
your good sense, your feelings of probity, sail'
'rientiv assure yon \; but yOu' are the iifortunace.
of foreign ambition, which incessantly seep'
the 'subjngation of unfortun-tte
" Germans ! Unhappy and despised tools, for
accomplishing ambitious views, man and exalt
yourselves; remember that you have for centuries
been renowned in history, as a great and distio-
Rtished People in the arts of peace, and of war ;
learn from the example of the Spaniards aPd
Portuguese, that the earnest and principal will 6f
a nation is capable of resisting successfully the
attacks and the violence of a foreign power. Ir°4
are depressed, but not yet become debased, 0r
sunk. Although that numbers among your higher
ranks forgot the duty they owed the country, Yet
the greater nuinber of your nation are open, valiatit'
weary of the foreign yoke, and true to God tod
their country. ;You, whom the Conqueror 1.13 s
~
driven to the Russian borders, quitthe standard 0t
slavery, and gather yourselves round that of rar
•
native country, of liberty, of national h onour, whicb •
'will be united under the protection of his Majestythe
Emperor, my most gracious Lord. He prornises„
you the aid Of all the valiant Russian men, out or
a population of 50 millions of his subjects, who are
determinetl to carry on the war for independence-
and national honour till the last draught of breath'
His -Majesty the Emperor 4.LE,XANbER has plea'3ea
to appoint the to the office 'of offering all brave
emigrating German officers and soldiers to place
them in the German legion. They will be coal- -
mandedby one of the Princes of Germany,
has proved his attachment to the cause of the rat."
tive country by deeds and sacrifices 5 and the lc-'
conquest of the German liberty is their first
tineticm. •

Should this great end be attained, your grate-
ful native country Will bestow gloriouS rewards ()/1
those of her loyal and heroic sons who have savea
her frOms, destruction.

"".Should the consequences not-prove quite sue'
Cessful; our most gracious Emperor herewith As'
sores to those brave mum habitation anti a refuge
in the fine climate of the southern part of 41ssi4-
Germans !—Chuse,l follow the call of v(itire
country and of honour, and enjoy the' rewarcis (1(i
your, courage and of your sacrificei'; or
ben
yourselves still_ lower under the yoke .sl.lLc.
is laid on you, and you will sink in shame,
sery, and debasement,' the sciorn of foreign cou.ali
tries, and the curse of posterity.—By his linper'', a.
Majesty the Emperor of Russia's high connuar
""The General in Chief of the Russiin
.tkrnT:
(Signet) L
BARCLAY DE TO LY•

STRALSUND, JUNE 30.-I'he French tinPer°'
has offered a reward of
.25 francs, for the arrest
ing of every French deserier, in all the coulltries
occupied by theiEfencli troo. s,

FRENCH PAPERS.

PARIS, Auct.l.—His Excellency General Couiit
naraguay d'Hilliers, Commandant of the 9th mi-
litary division at Lyons, Colonel-General of Dra-
goons, has just received orders to repair to the
bead-quarters of his Majesty the Emperor. His
Ixeellency has 'set out for his destination.
On the 4th ofthis month the Captains of Ame-
rican vessels at Civita Vecchia celebrated at that
Port the Anniversary of the Independence of the
United States. At the dinner Which took place,
and to which all the Authorities had been invited,
they gave,
amongst other toasts, the follow-
ing :---" The union of the two nations, France
and America ; may their arms beat down thety-
. rant of the sea."
JULY 30.—Intelligence from the Grand Army
announce. 7, that his Majesty the Emparor.had left
Wilna on the 17th July. It is supposed that his
-.N-11';esty has gone to the Banks of the Dwina,
"here a great proportion, of the Grand Army is
at preSent collected.
Ac'cordinfs to private advises from the army, his
Imperial Majesty, Who set out from \Vilna, on
the 17th, arrived'
at Ghoubokoe on the 18th.—
The country between Wilma and the Dwina
is covered with the most abundant crops. Prince
3agration `has been decisively driven upon Bo-
.brinski.
Prince Kurakin, the Russian Ambassador, is to
set o:it next Sunday (Aug 2), on his return to St.
Petersburgh. . .
JuLLY 3I .--Her Majesty the. Empress rode on
horseback the 29th of this month, at half-past five
followed by an open carriage, in the re-
tired part of the Park of .St. Cloud.; she vent out
1437 the gate de Marne, and returned at seven
velock by that of Sevres and of the Horse-shoe.
.411 the deer that Were•in the Park were taken in
2narei and sent elsewhere.
Prince Kurakin means to leaVethis on the 2d of
• • August.
Aix LA CHAPELLE, JULY 20.—The'Grand.Dtike
"of Berg, who came here with the Queen of 'Hol-
land, has been taker! ill ;
,his disease, which was
at .first very severe, appears to be a scarlet fever ;
tie is now rapidly convalescent. A nuinber of
strangers arrive here constantly.
TIAMBURGII, JULY 21.---The Journal of the
Mouths of the Elbe contains the following very
curious extract of letter from Leipsic, dated
.ruly 8
Inasmuch as, nevertheless, some support is
necessary for the public 'revenue of a great city,
allow me, Sir, to fix-the attention of yOur
chants to a point, which cannot possibly have es-
caped the notice of those, who judge calmly and
according to their practical experience, or the re-
sults of their observations:
" The English have dispatched to the north
this year as many vessels as in former years. A
Part has 'proceeded ,to the naltic ; and another
Part had for its destination Archangel, a polar •
tourse, frequented since the promulgation of the
Perlin and Milan Decrees, 'and by which coffee
I to pass over a space of from 7to SOO leagues
i'efOre it can arrive at the place where it is to be.
clandestinely andestinely consumed. -

• The exports of 1308-0-10, have been pre-
sented to Europe, as opening a vent for from fif-
teen to twenty millions' worth of colonial articles
or nianutactured goods.
`` The exports of 1811 presented such a
climi—
nution as, one would suppose, left no room for
amusing- the Public with a statement of the
lourishing wridition of the fleets of the North.
very few o e articles were, sold.
" The vessels dispatched in 1812 were as
flourishing-, numerically speaking ; but they bad
hot cargoes of more than 250,0001. (about six
pliillions of franks) in value. A vessel whose lad-
• g amounted to from sto 600,000 francs in the
%urse of 1810, brought to their consignees this
year but to the amount of from 60 to 80,000
francs, more with a view to, keep conrwxions, on
the point of being extinguished, than in the.hope
Zr profit ; for it is notorious, that the invoices
41 the North undergo a loss of 25 per cent. for the
lippers., 4
The money expended, however, on that eon-
°Y will not be entirely lost.
" The goods, formerly exported, and which re-
naili unsold; are sufficient to lade a vast number
vessels ; and it will be a source of some conso-
,tation to the London merchant to see goods re-
tltirtled which be bad given up as lost, unless in-
ted the difficulty of obtaining warehouses in
r_,lgland, and the high rents m that country, should
uCe him to prefer haying them stored in Anholt,
eligoland, or—Malta.
.4`; Subjects for reflection seem to be wanted.-7-
uPte your friends acquainted with,the details
x"leh I have imparted to you ; they are pretty
aidaet, and assuredly present important and useful
seiB
ets o those who are capable of availing the-
tl' of them." m

40,.
FROM THE MONITEUR, ON THE ,SPEECH OF
LORD CASTLEREAGH, RELATIVE TO THE TREAT-
4tE%T OF PRISONERS OF WAR—ON THE MOTION
431' MR. N. CALVERT, IN THE HOUSE OF COM-
/lONS, ON FRIDAY, JUNE 26.
` The English wcre the first to violate their
ttole• Complaints were made to the Transport
ree, but the Officers who had brokep their pa—
r° were, nevertheless, well received by their
vernment.
ti: The number of per Sons then placed-under the
tjeutnstances alluded to, amounted to 779, and
-ral of these were Generals.
jets The Transport Office had 'complained, in a
of ter of the loth of August, 1811, of the escape
kivs"le Preneh-prisoners. In the answerio this,
41• eu the 14th of September following, under the
.:,ttv of the Minister of the Marine, it‘was as-
%Fel, that the English had set the example, and
ese` the number of English prisoners who had
tit:iPed from France, exceeded by many hun-,
that of the French who had escaped. from
-4gland
ado„ it was also proposed that measures should be
claicrted to prevent the recurrence of such scan-
tis conduct.
aek~c„.„
-1-•kle Commissaries of the Transport Office
Iliinc`wiedged the receipt of this answer, but re-
hi el perfectly silent as to the propositions
contained.
Several French Generals who have made
-eta

their escape from England were justified in doing
.0, inasmuch as one of the arms of capitulation
at Baylen was, that they should retain their arms,
and be sent to France;_ and England had no right
to retain 6000 men, who, having•thus capitulated,
were not prisoners. No parole could properly be
exacted from thein, as the capitulation conferred
no right to debar them of their liberty and there
is no example on record of such a convention not
having been observed.

' A considerable number of Spanish prisoners,
among whoM were Colonels and Generals, having
'broken their parole, and escaped, some French
Officers, taken in the Spanish war, conceived
they had a right to do that which had been done,
by the Spaniards, who were the principals in a
war in which England was only an auxiliary.%
" In former wars, cartels were established as
soon as hostilities commenced ; and it was not till
the present war, that fake reasoning, narrow-
mindedness, and bad faith, were found to annul
every cartel which had been proposed.
" The basis 'of those that were proposed were
simple, just, and conformable to the 'customs of
Europe. •
" The exchange was to be made man for Man, .
rank for rank, and simultaneously, between the
belligerents.- But' the English sought to establish
a principle of distinction between themselves and.
their allies, the Spaniards and Portuguese: They
appeared, indeed, to adopt the principles of a. ge-
neral and simultaneous exchange ; but they en-
deavoured to swerve from its practice.
" Thus there wa:i at one tinle 15,000 English
prisoners in France-. For these, England offered
in exchange 15,000 Nrench prisoners ; 'so that if
she afterwards chose to swerve from the cartel,
when all the Engliah were liberated, she might
leave her aliies in France, and retain the French
Hprisoners who remained to be exchanged.
" The trick was too obvious, and it was pro-,
, posed to. carry the e \:ehange.into effect, by making
each transfer consist of aliquot' parts of the differ-
ent .descriptions of prisoners of the two belligerent
aggregates, so that. all the English and all the
French should be liberated at the same time ;. for
supposing the number of French prisoners to he
triple that of the English, and making each trans-
fer consist of three thousand French -on the one
Side, and-1000 English and 2000 :Portuguese and.
Spaniards on the other, the last Frenchman would
have returned to his cOuntry. at the same time.
.
With the laSt Englishman. The exchange would
then have gone
,on between the. respective Allies,:
and France, haVing 'in her power a greater num-
'her of prisoners than England, would have eVen
consented to give
,up unransomed such aS.re-
'twined after the exchange was concluded. This
system was conformable to the principles upbn,
which all cartels have been framed for more' than
a cetiz-,7pf. .

"Sojust a proposal was rejected with a' degree
'of bad faith,' which even in England. excited the
.disght: of all those who read and think. It was
evident that the :British Government ,sought
have the whole of the English Prisoners for • a
part only of the French, and did not' hesitate to
aband'-n their Allies, and retain the greatest.part
of French, prisoners without any species of
guarantee Ai'llateVer.
" In short, several prisoners bad violated their
parole and escaped from France," when the:Go-
vernment was compelled to issue the Decree of
the 4th of August, I'Bll. A , certain number of
French prisoners in England have since folloWed
the example that was set them, and our Govern-.
ment did not thing proper to punish them, having
Observed that 'the British Government. had done
nothing of the kind.'

" As to the Bavlen prisoners, they only escaped
from a detention Cmitrary'to all the laws of war,
and those V.-ho had been taken in Spain only acted
in the same manner, as a m uch 'more considerable
number of Spanish prisoners had done in France.
There is a very simple method- of putting an end
to those disagreeable discussions, that. is, to have.
recourse to a mutual exchange of 'those persons
who have escaped, man for man. - When such an.
exchange shall have been carried into effect,
France will have still a right—to demand in any
English prisoners. Of this .circumAtance Lord
Castlereagh affects to be ignorant, and the Eng-
lish Government, not chusing to admit the fact,
will not adopt so easy a method of remedying con-,
duct-so dishonourable.

" For a similar reason, they will not reply to
the proposal which has been made them, to adopt
mutual measures to prevent its recurrence. sThey
were well aware that a distinction would be made
between the prisoners of,the Baylen capitulation
and the others Nybo-had escaped.
"• But why should not all those questions he
Concluded by a return at once to good faith, and
by a consent to a general and sinuiltaneouS ex-
change, -as above-mentioned ?

if England really wishes for an exchange,
let her consent to a cartel on this basis. Let a
Member of the Conynons sign it for • Prance, and
it be ratified, .or 'let a• Minister declare to
Parliament, that he adopts the principles here
laid down, and a Vreneh Commissary will imme-
diately proceed to Dover to carry it into effect."---
(1/oniteur, August 1.)

NOTE IN THE GAZETTE DE FRANCE,' OF THE FIRST

INST. ON EXTRACTS FROM ENGT,ISII NEWSPAPERS,

RELATING TO TILE REVOCATION OF.THE ORDERS

IN COUNCIL.

" Here, indeed, we have the revocation of the
Orders of 1807 and,9, from the Ist of July, bUt
the Orderoof•1806 have not been revoked, that is
to say, the Ordeili which` sanction the right of a
paper blockade, those in which a ViaCe is declared
to be in a state of blockade, not because itisac-
tually is, but because it carries on a commerce in-
jurious to English manufactures. Now, •so lOng
as those Orders remain tn-evoked, you Will have
done nothing, and you will be prohibited from
ingress.to the Continent.

.Vessels coining directly to France with neu-
tral cargos will he received ; vessels coming
from London with English cargoes will be con-
fiscated.

" We do not admit of any species of blockade,
but that defined by the treaty of Utrecht, that is,
the blockading a glace in the situation in which
Flushing was placed, and the mouths of the
Scheldt, duringthe expcditionof 1809, and which,
surrounded by land and sea, is in danger of being

,t,' 1 ~,,,

j

taken biit the application of a paper blackadie to
any other point of the coast --(3-*the empire ueces-
sArily induces a paper blockade of isles.
In fact, unless the right of blockade; as establish-
e4 by the treaty of Utrer)it-,1v,-er ackil6wiedg6l,
and the Orders of 1806 revol, ,;,:licit would be

the revocation of the Orrlers of 1807 and 9 ? We)
,should find to-morrow or next day, England de-
claring in a state of blockade the coast of the
French Empire, and"merely permitting neutrals
to have some one point of communication- with
the coast of the Mediterranean,- or with one port
in the Baltic.

" No, no ! this can never he. Times hare
changed. The injustice and violence of the mea-
sures you have adopted, have.. ahtliOrised the
adoption of similar measures by Prance. it is the
necessity you produced for their i adoption-, which
has formed the 'great EMpire. The tine
gone by when yOu could do, what yi'iu plezised
with the Continent and the CtintiTient woi4d do
nothing to you. Thii time 1-,-;11 never'return,
no more than the reign of weak and "dissipated
Monarchs.

" After every declaration of war, your travel-
lers and merchants shall be arrested on the Con-
tinent, if yon should caiiture on the sea the ma.-

liners, passengers, and merchants you may find in
merchant vessels. If y 04.1 blockade,on commercial
speculation ; if you apply to a part ()tithe Empire
the principle of a papez blockade, which. you have
adopted, and not to a real blockade, the British
Isles, and your other possessions; shall be subject-
ed also to paper ,

" if you adopt strong- measures, we shall
adopt stronger—force of arms shall be op posed to
force of arms—lezislntive rigour to :egigla'tive
rigour. This is the only method by which we
can a;roid being made your dupes—the only me-
thod to conquer• you, or at least to compel you to
be just. You have more need of the commer"ee
of the Continent, than the Continent has need of
yours. You have more need of America than
she has of you ; inasmuch= us the merchant has
more need of the consumer, than the consumer
has of him.

" If, I cannot clothe myself in velvet, I will
use cloth. If I cannot have cotton stockiugs,
will wear thread. There is the tale, of the con-
sumer. But the Merchant; who has founded the
well-being of. his family on-the wants of the con-
sumer, 'is under the necessity of selling. If you
cease to sell, where will you procure means of
defraying your national expenditure ? Neverthe-
less, commerce is, no 'doubt, neceSsary, to • the
Continent ; he -who would oppose obstacles to
-the progress 'of industry, would be worthy' of a
barbarous age rather than 'of the present. Dif-
ferent climes hive different productions 5. ex -
eltary,-e; and reciprocal accommodation, beget
wealth. Let commerce then be 're-established,
but let it ne so'npon just and legitimate grounds;
let the nations contend with each other, but let
not an arbitrary spirit of industry be supported by
force. If,' Said Lord Chatham, we acted justly
towards Prance, our prosPerit•7 could' not be of
lour-and-twenty hours duration.' When Lord
Chatham spoke- thus, he m:glit-lii'Veheen in the
right ; but• if' he was now Hying, lie would talk
differently. -The circumstances ,Nvere then in your
favour ; you were Lords of the Ocean, as you still
are; but Prance was without influence • on the
• Continent. While von pressed upon her with,
unjust principles of Lt3,7.,,-islation, vou enriched
Holland, HambUrgh; and Venice: the nature of
things is now against you ; instead of refusing to
listen to the voice of justice, you should make it
plead on your behalf. The treaty of Utrecht,
against which you 'have contended, is now our
safeguard.

" \Ton have at length taken one retrograde
step, you have revoked the orders of 1807 and 9,
but the deep-thinking men, who in greater 'num-
bers among you than any other nation 'guide the
pen of history, will remark that the Orders in
Council have changed the . aspect. of the world,
that it would`have been much better for von to
have lost a great number of battles, and a large
proportion of your colonies; than to, have publish-
ed the Orders in Council, which have produced
the union of Holland and .the Hanseatic towns,
the great changes which have taken place in Eu-
r Ope and the Continental system. Yet you now
revoke your 'Orders in Council—they no lOnger
form a part
.of your laws, and the continental
systetm remains immovable—ignorant as you are
of the situation of continental affairs, You haVe
mistaken times. The Orders in 'Council would
have served you in 1785—they would have pro-
duced you immense advantages without, much in-
convenience, You might have, with impunity,
held the language of the wolf in the table, but at
present the most suitable language you can use is
that of justice. If you act upon principles adapt-
ed to the interests of the most powerful, you only
accelerate your ruin, and pro Mote the prosperity-
of your enemies.

" Justice requires that vod sh,►ould return to. the
principles which regulated the conduit of neutrals
with respect to belligerent powers at the close of
the the last century, and at the beginning, o 1 the pre-
sent war.

Your interest enjoins it—the season when
unjust and abitrary .measures might have been
useful to you has passed over never to return:''‘',—
(Moniieur, July 31.) •

METEOROLOGICAL JOURNAL,

BY IL BANKS,

PHILOSOPHICAL INSTRUN

ENT MAKER, STRAND

.Thermoinete:

_

Wu,

Aber.

c, I zz

1

„
g §

4ain
.tidy.
Haiti
DO.
Do.
Fair

,22
.no
.63
.15

fnnr P
