mons:—

1. That it is the opinion of this Committee, that imme-
diate and eff-ctual me +sures be taken for the entire aboli-
tion of s!avery throughout the Colonies, under such pro-
visions for regulating the condition of the Negroes, as may
combine their welfare with the interests of the Proprietors.
2. Mit it is expedient that all children born after the
passing of any Act, or who shall he under the age of six
years at the time of passing any Act of Parlilment for this
purpose, be declared free; subject nevertheless to such tem-
por .ry restrictions as may be deemed necessary for their
support and maintenance.
3. That all persons now slaves be entitled to be regis-
tered as apprenticed labourers, and to acquire thereby all
rights and privileges of treetnen ; subject to the restriction
of labout ing, under condithns and for a time to be fixed
by Parliament, for their present owners.
4. That to provide against the risk of loss which his
Majesty's colonial possessions might sustain by the aboli-
tion of slavery, his Majesty be enabled to advance by way
of loan, to be raised from time to time, a sum not exceed-
ing- in the whole 15,000,0001., to he repaid in such man-
ner and at such rate of interest as shall be prescribed by
Parliament.

5. That his Majesty be en,bled to defray any such ex-
pense be may incur in establishing an efficient stipendiary
magistracy in the colonies, and in aiding the local legisla-
tures in providing for the religious and moral education
of the Negro population to be emancipated.

No Secretary for Ireland has yet been ap-
pointed. Mr. SPRING RICE would, in all
probability, have accepted the office, if he had
not received positive assurances from Cambridge
that hip re-election for that place would be ex-
tremely doubtful ; and two other gentlemen who
were by turns in the eye of Earl GREY for the
vacant situation, entertained similar doubts of
re-election to those of the Secretary of the
Treasury. Ministers ought to take warning by
these indications of popular dissatisfaction, and
endeavour, by the adoption of a different course,
to regain the ground which they have lost ; for
unless they do so, they will find themselves, in
the event of a dissolution of Parliament, which
some circumstance independent of their own will,
may bring about, unable to regain their seats in the
House of Commons, and they will be compelled
to resign or to propose the adoption of a Bill for
enabling them to have seats, ex-eicio, without
the power of voting. The chief fault of the
present Ministers appears to have been a greater
reliance upon the House of Commons than upon
the people at large. The Irish Coercive Bill,
which they carried so triumphantly in the House,
was one of the most unpopular measures ever
introduced, and if they should lose their seats,

they will have to attribute the loss to that harsh
and unnecessary proceeding as much as to their
refusal to comply with the demand for the repeal
of thevHouse and Window Taxes. The late
affair in Cold Bath-fields has not increased their
already slender stock of popularity, but it is due
to them as a body to say, that they knew noth-
ing of the plan for dispersing the assemblage
(multitude would be an absurd word for a meet-
ing of about 300 or 400 idle persons), and that
Earl GREY has insisted on a rigid and impartial
inquiry into all the circumstances connected with
that melancholy transaction.

In another part of The Sun will be found
some particulars respecting Mr. KEAN, unques-
tionably the greatest actor that the English
stage has known since the days of GARRICK.
He has died at a fortunate moment for his fame,
for had he survived but two short years longer,
we question whether even his transcendent
genius would have been able to uphold the in-
terests of the drama, which now seems tottering
on the verge of extinction. A more favourite
actor never yet strutted and fretted his brief
hour upon the stage. He was popular even
to the last moment of his performance.
It is scarcely ten weeks since we saw him play
his well-known character of Shylock, and never
was Drury-lane fuller, or the audience more
unanimous in their expressions of applause.
But it was not mere applause that poor KEAN
elicited in his earlier days ; it was enthusiasm,
and of the most heart-felt character. He ruled
his audience as with a spell, His most
effective performance was Othello—his most
finished, Sir Giles Overreach. Both these
characters are now, of course, lost to the
stage, in the same way as Cato and Corio-
lanus perished with JOHN KEMBLE. Mr.
BULWER would establish high claims to
public gratitude, if, in addition to his laudable
exertions for supplying us with good dramas, he
could hit upon some lucky expedient for supply-
ing us also with good tragedians. Were it even
possible for another SHAKSPEARE to arise,, he
must necessarily drop to leeward, from the want
of another KEAN or KEMBLE to illustrate
him. MACREADY is our only hope, but even
he has many bad habits • to eradicate, before we
can recognise him as a legitimate expounder
of the feelings of human nature. Mr. KEAN'S
friends talk, we perceive, of endeavouring to
procure him the honours of interment in West-
minster Abbey. If GARRICK (which we
doubt) was worthy of this honour, KEAN is
still more so, for to greater genius, in the high-
est department of the art (though with less ver-
satility), he added a proud, honest, independent
spirit to which the dapper little toad eater of my
Lords Noodle and Doodle was an utter stranger.
We should scarcely have dreamed of advocating
the interment of an actor in a spot which should
hold the ashes only of men of the noblest intel-
lect, had not GARRICK'S case formed a prece-
dent to justify us.

The Paris papers contain some official docu-
ments relative to the accouchement of the
Duchess de BERRI. 13y these we are informed
that she is the lawful wife of Count LUCCHESI
PALLI (son of the Neapolitan Prince CAMPO
FRANCO), who has been for some time Neapo•
Titan Envoy at the Hague, and submits to the
order of affiliation on the consideration of
being paid down in hard cash °ay one
little million of francs ! Thus this delicate
embarrassment is got rid of; and with a
delicacy worthy of its character. Yet the va-
nity of the woman must be not a little
wounded when she hears that a petty Neapolitan
Count demands a million of francs for publicly
acknowledging himself her husband She would
naturally have thought that the honor of the
thing would have been quite sufficient recom-
pense. But Mr. PALLI is a shrewd fellow.
He prefers solid pudding to unsubstantial
honor. Mrs. PAW is, we understand, to be
liberated the instant her health permits of her
ramoval.

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

HALF-PAST ONE.

Nothing has as yet transpired in respect to the die-
patches received from Holland this morning, but we have
seen a letter from Amsterdam to the following purport :-
44 We have no news from the Hague, but it appears that
the King of Holland is more pacific, and leans towards a
settlement of the Dutch question. The Funds come a
shade higher."
_ _

Extract of a letter from Mr. James Grant, one of the
principal settlers at Van Diemen's Land :—" The season
has been very unpropitious ; the winter has been long and
cold. I never knew such a continuance of frost and
damp ; the former cut up all the seed, and the scab has
made great havoc, so that front broken fleeces and diseases
of flocks by death, there will be a sensible falling off in the
quality of wool from Van Diemen's Land this season ;
added to this, an extensive system of sleep-stealing, so
that I am the loser of 1,000 head of sheep and lambs, of
last year. The season has also been very late."—Dated
Hobart Town, December 8.

On the arrival of the Dutch mail in the early part of
the morning we had very favourable reports in circula-
tion, but up to the present hour nothing official on the
subject has transpired. The private letter w, have seen
from Amsterdam represents that the King of Holland has
become more pacific.
Consols have continued during the whole of the morn-
ing at 87a for the Account, with little or nothing doing.
A letter from Boulogne states that 500 French troops
sailed on the sth instant to join Don Pedro; and we un-
derstand that to-morrow 600 English will sail from
Gravesend for the same destination.

In the Foreign Market there is little doing ; Dutch
Stock has rather improved.

THREE O'CLOCK.

Consols for the Account, 87% ?.1

All accounts from the cider counties agree,
that there has seldom been a finer prospect of abundance
of apples than the present state of the blossom affords.
FORFAR.—Trade in this place is pretty brisk
at present, all hands being employed ; the weavers, how-
ever, at very low wages.—Edinburgh Evening Courant.
THE REGENTS PARK.—The projected
the whole will be in
atidiamtit its bring thrown
alterations in the eastern portion of the pr k are now ra-
pidly advancing towards completion, and it is expected,
open to the public, under the necessary restrictions to pre-
vent n
stuhffie
ccioe rt
isye
foofr
wa
afredw
the admission of improper persons. Extensive
shrubberies have been formed, which greatly enhance the
state month,
tos
beauty of the different prospects, while serpentine walks
intersect them at various points. The grand carriage_
drive and ride, in a line with Portland place, and which
will cross the outer circle of the park to the Zoological
Gardens, are already formed, and a considerable portion
of it gravelled, and avenues of trees on each side, extend.
ing the whole length of the way, are planted in a similar
.nanner to those in the mall in St. James's Park. The
archery ground opposite to York-terrace, is also proceed..
ing with all plssible despatch, and the ornamental piece of
water has been diverted from its original course to add to
the picturesque effect of the scene.

OLD BAILEY.-(THIS DAY.)
fore Ibt
Right Hon. the Lord MAYOR, Mr. Justice LITTLEI"its,
Mr. Baron BOLLAND, Mr. Justice BOSANaIIfiT, the
oFFE:gS'
A. SUMMARY STATEMENT, DESCRIpTIVE OF THE VARIOUS
Highway ‘vurit Eitist3:ll,ssfisEtheetpveitaElaue:npiyren3edisti..tn.ia.g:aiinii.efisT.:iig:::::.e...D.7tiri...cha.o7l..nis.:.tss:poßt.o.a.i.; 65
Stea
Cutting and maiming 2 Larcenies ................ ....
Rape
Forgery
ling from the person
robbery
...........
Embezzlement 1 Misdemeanour .................
ing
Receiving stolen goods 1
bsgrßrye,
im.ansk: morning
these
Stssion, commenced, 1)e
CSHBO:Traugullisilenii

Of the above number, 37 are
in the City, and 104 iR the Cou

Total ...............u1
charged with crimes corny'',

STATE OF lIIS MAJESTY'S GAOL OF NEIVGAO)

Prisoners under s'elAnDteEnCei-- --r
Prisoners under sentence of transportation for lifyears'.."....
;ii
14
yealia,s,s i
Ditto, sentenced to various terms of imprisonment, ....
beenßcooynal;
i pleasure ted
o ff
Ditto, acquitted on the ground of insanity, but remain .
.......
......
................................................
;:
Ditto,Di tt Ditto, vr
thereriajluadtgtnhi judgments are
sauoTriefOngrTe'SSEpe deathg5it5pti5d't:n..,..,....N..1:...:N...1...N....G....................... 111111.
---Admiralty Sessions ....................... ,
Ditto, remanded from the last Sessions ........................ .<
•P•

Males 2!2 I Females

OLD COURT.
FORGERY.—.Tunes Blachburn, a respectable.' bits
young man, pleaded guilty to an indictment chargiingcop
with uttering a forged order on the Governor as
pony of the Bank of England for 600/. b 1
Mr. CLARKSON, on behalf of the prisoner, beggedply
permitted to call witnesses to show the previe"' 4m
ratter of his client, as that might have some Wel
the Officerswere called, all of whom ga"erihe 110
soner a most exemplary character up to the Peri°:t:teett
committing the otr•nce. It appeared from their 'it'd, tt't
that his connexions were highly respectable, 80",,;:otbe
had, for several years, held the situation of inspect"'

Commissioners of Sewers.
The prisoner wasaged 16, then rem
Charles Jones,age"oved. A Oar
Thomas Guest,
George Richardson, aged 21, were indicted O ,";r
`l-1:: ts;
and entering the dwelling-house of George Ne'cP° irt
stealing therein six coats, several waistcoats, Pd otV.,
trousers, two watches, two seals, a watch keys' 51, car
articles, his property ; and a boa, parasol, cl'ilhV
heads, and an opera glass, the property of
Sisra
Newport.
George Newport stated that he resided at
Theobald's-road, and was a shoemaker ; alrus
four o'clock on the 17th of April, while staildinfpelf
shop-door, he saw two men going across the row tberjr
opposite his house, one having a bundle, and Sbe,,;°,l sr.,
great coat resembling his own ; be ran up '"-d'ber
found that his bed-room on the first flour 00
forcibly entered, a box broken open, rods rod"
of property taken out of it. He then ran ous;-,jtlist
vour to overtake the two men, but he could not °tot'
and he gave information of the robbery. From
afterwards learned he went to the station-house, .riodgi'l
street, and there he saw a portion of his properti thit,
three prisoners; he believed, but he was not oesstlilss,
Richardson and Jones were the two men he 03"611
across the street. On the Saturday week previooliPo iiirs
and Richardson came into his shop and asked tor brodlsj
boots, but he had none that would fit them ; it:c„,';
was in witness's house on Monday the 15th of i'r
witness spoke to him. Richardson then asked if told
man named Williams was at home, and witness"
wouldno .Wcailllliamrions
thed
did
wrleoddngeeeday there.
.enßichaNrydistopoes:, ft,
g.
door was generally left on a prin latch. „O'ol
Cross-examined—All then lodifeg rs and periwig Fobbe,
or from them, must pass the room in which the brerti°
was committed ; could not swear positively that tdoors`
door was locked; would not swear but the street
been left open. He had occasionally found it °PeP•gliter,,
Sarah Anne Newport stated that she was a d.rof
the preceding witness. She deposed to the las° ip bet
articles that belonged to herself from another roel
lather's house. Witness that afternoon saw the rtes
Guest in the yard of the house, and in ten Initiate'
414

she heard her fisher give an al arm of robbery. the Ploi
Edwin Newport, a lad 14 years old, son 0' $
witness, heard his father give the alarm of robbetcolirro
accompanied him into the streets, until they met 'l,O
man, and informed him of the robbery. Wit6:llr,y4
afterwards sent by his father to his brother's, "'oaf',
mond.street, Clerkenwell ; on returning home be „,011)
three prisoners at the corner of King's-road, Grl/f•
I,ne. He bad seen Guest that afternoon in hi9/rj,
yard: One of them (he believed Richardson) !la' /,0116'
c ,at on which he recognised as belonging to brtr
Guest hal a pair of trousers under b''D,oojl
and Richardson had a bundle ; there was a c°gc sthr.
close by, and the three prisoners got into a coaell; Opel
drove along Gray's Inn-lane. Witness foiloweu,topid
Holborn, and it turned towards St. Giles's. Itroceeiv
after going a short distance, turned round, an° rt o,*tio
down Holborn. Seeing a policeman, named to pt
nessitold him to take charge of the three
coach. Witness and Bolton followed the n°arch.g,
policeman stopped the horses and opened the el oeite,
Gee t opened the door on the opposite aide, 11$
jurni e i out—Jones was inseantly taken. 13°Itle eftli
and took Guest and brought him back to '4, 01)
Richardson was also taken and brought bl-vris.:o •
oachman then drove to Bow-street with thr„rets.
Guest and Richardson, two policemen, and wit, boreto
George Bolton, police constable F 100, e°r.'titif
the statement of the preceding witness, rear--,, fleei„
capture of the prisoners Guest and Richardsa''' cos'
produced two large bundles which be found ia t .0
and a great coat with a fur collar.
Pocock, another policeman, sta.ted, that °lt
the prisoners at the station-house, he saw Ric"rd-u,aeac
a pick-lock key, now produced; and in Richards. tyd
he found eight silver spoons, and a string of best be, ie
The driver of the hackney-coach proved tu-t IVet'e
engaged by the prisoners on the coach-stand $ the
road. The rest of his evidence was similar °sell, d
ceding, as far as related to their being in hi' c°
tat,
Other evidence,.but of a corroborative charge
arty.,
produced. Fr°ll
The prosecutor and his (laughter identified the
Witnesses were called, who gave the prison pct
characters for honesty. fide bpd
Mr. Justice LITTLEDALE then summed tip tbe e
Gseet:iot
The Jury found a verdict of Guilty against belie
Richardson, and acquitted Jones of this charge' pti
a
him to be the receiver. mon
Jones was ordered to be detained until the
were discharged. o'll
NEW COURT. e 6
t,OB tot
John Adams was placed at the bar, rV
having on the 26th of April last stolen a cbatriD
d orway of Air. Hewsdon, furniture-broker'
street, Covent.garden.
The prisoner pleaded distress. solve :00.
Richard Apps was charged with stealing sw, Pocutefl
filings, pendants, &c., from his master, Mite Pt. r"ts
ed)

watchmaker, residing in Clerkenwell. Tbei
having searched the boy's box (which was net', 113'jcoo'
found the witch-cases, he went to the prisone'l 1,0000
twihnoi
negavgeoll:ii 1:n
.7 ps,ii,:lritfihioinugt9,hesiscit.atioTnh,
ea
ps:llo.3ec' gror
tbe
to the whole of the property. , that
Several witnesses were called, who prove(' for -
who bore an excellent character, had n'ark„e- • U°o/,
and repaired thorn watches after working ba;"11;be ' f
of the witnesses swore that a pendant, wbfeho out °
cutor swore to as his property, had been tab
watch by the boy and replaced by anorh,r• riot 0 ,"; 00'
Tire Jury inamediltely returned a verdict of 6 '
Tlvinas Baker, a very little urYbi?',
Guilty of stealing two sixpences from the 04 "whic",
Burgess, the proprietor of a small apple sibTica'etrni°:?,
had entered upon the pretence of buying a j'a. t
of apples. The boy was convicted in this Caurlierls
of stealing a necklace from the person 0f a. tijal
and had been in prison for five months sil'"mtM
sf°,?for various felonies.

Caroline Ellis, a rather good.looking
of the Jewish persuasion, and of loose habits, W4-.09,
with stealing, on the sth of April, seven sovere'
property ofJuhn Cozens. r to,
The prosecutor stated that he was a •:--' eque-e,lr
Portugal lintel, Fleet-street. On the day i3,.isooope
tieing a little the worse for liquor, he met the P.., 0'
Fleet-street, went home with her, and fund all die
cone in the morning, with the exception
OP4
The prisoner denied the charge, and stated i 7 9
1e,„slo
of that, that six days after the robbery V"'
lave been commited, so short WAR she of ulo"ef',4o
was obligedto pledge a gown to get a bonnet nutbe
&leaned. This statement was corroborated by 4
otrotV
dente of the prisoner's sister.
The Jury found the prisoner Guilty. She W°l
teconimcnded to mercy by the prosecutor. oce,,ljll
Lazarus Levi, a youth of respecable
al
indicted for stealing, ion the 15th of April, at
I'..tor
hc
Temple, live pin- of boots, the property of Ca) iV
It twhnson.
tt
Mr. R.Ovedawa stated that he was a bart-5

DAY.)
iced, before the
'cee LITTLEDST,
Najj&T, the it

%melees 01115';'
AND CTIARGO,
)rn transpertJ
•
.................
ter whilst em:
Post-office
g..................
........
...........

.....................
... ................. ,

............
........... comm

sEIyGATg,
G.
.........
............... ,
• life ...... . ....
14 years ••'•••'
7 years •••,. ,
rayinh
t, ay.
........ • .....
ut remain
..
... .........
......... ...
ICI
....................
..............
.......
.........

11 ..................

ctable"— 1;0
IP'
ent c bargingco 6 '
d
vernor a.

Atobj
ner, begged
re
roe
vicnicoeht
b

he
iota gale dt fPr V:
the P!llstarre°:
m their ~,
tot li:
able, 8° ,to tb"
,i. inspector

virstcpouti4
lingrotcd
Tbe iocl7,r,
,
We
ras un
riSOnera V% 0,
Snit6o(Or 6
proee.,
be 0,
,ye
tbAort t stie;
vorked aad
rofr
hoof" ;he P bI
'which _o 0
taken itt
„of 1901
v7i rit
e ti.l
shoV, 0,40 r)
o lialiPeapotrifi
is courititoe
of a tl;3/
since
via,`.;o4
yous ir).9
)its) wa1,09/
sove"

• r
wa,tequey
et
lay i%,,0
t the P 001
ll a
1), of
ptiou
in uPri
tated
hetwas t 19
ou four
net the
,tea by
wao otf°°
She
aracidY
olive ir i‘f
at ibe..tOP
of Cl'rl 011
barri't'r
