MAN SION-HOUSE.

Yesterday the Lord Mayor, acting upon the usual
system of hospitality practised by the chief magis-
trates of the city of London, gave his second grand
entertainment at the Mansion-house. The b inquet
was laid out in the Egyptian Hall, and was furnished
of course with all the delicacies of the season.
Among the company, besides the civic authorities,
were the Duke of Richmond ; Marchionesses—
Winchester, Salisbury, Dowager Salisbury : Mar-
quisses—Wi nchest er;Salisbury, Lansdowne,T weed-
dale ; E irls—Ripon, Denbigh, Shaftesbury, Roden,
Rosebery, Albemarle,. Kerry, Clarendon, Ormelie;
Ladies—C. Paulet, A. Poulett, Peel, Horne, Floyd,
Campbell, Beechey, Maclaine ; Lords,—Anckland,
Lowther, Radstock, Salmon, Ashley,- Ingesttie;
Bishops—London, LlandafT; the Lord Chief Jus-
tice of England, Lord Chief Justice of the Common
Pleas, Master of the Rolls, Vice-Chancellor, Lord
Advocate of Scotland, Judges Littledale, J. Parke,
Busanquet ; Attorney and Soli,:itor-General ; Cur-
sitor Baron; Right Honourables—Sir Robert
Peel, G. R. Dawson, C. P. Thomson, J. W. Croker,
H. Goulburn, .1. C. Herries; Sirs,—Calonel J. Gib-
bons, Major-General John Malcolm, G.O 8., Gen.
A. Clifton, J. R. Reid, James M'Gregor, W. Cur-
tis, Colonel A. Maclaine, M. S. Stewart, M. A.
Shee, W. Beechey, W. G. Stirling, C. Price ;
klonourables---7Cidolnel Fielding, George Lamb.
As soon as,:clinner was concluded, " Non nobis,
Dornine," .strtl§ 'sung by the vocalists. The Lord
Mayor then gave as a toast, " The King, with three
timeg.thee." It_ was drunk, but not with enththi-
torn: -.,Song—" God save the King."
The next toast given by his Lordship was " The
'Queen." It was drunk with the greatest warmth
—much greater than that with which his Majesty's
name was received. Was this gallantry or party
spirit? The loyalty must, we suppose, be the same
in both cases.

The third toast was "The Princess Victoria, and
the rest of the Royal Family." It was received
with general approbation.
The LORD MAYOR then proposed, in a brief
speech, the " Navy and Army." Song—" Rule
Britannia."
The LORD MAYOR, in proposing the next toast,
-which was the health of his Majesty's Ministers,
said, there were other gentlemen better acquainted
with the city than he was, but he had been in-
formed.that never in any former mayoralty had so
respectable a company as the present been assem-
bled *within the walls of the Mansion-house. He
attributed this gratifying result to the determination
which he had announced at the commencement of
his mayoralty, that he would be the chief magistrate
of the metropolis, and not of any party which
might have obtained strength within it. His
object was to collect together distinguished men of
all parties, without regard either to their political
principles or to their political prejudices, within the
hospitable circle of that hall. As a proof that such
was his object, he referred to the mixed character of
the company then contained within it. Lard
Althorp was prevented from attending by his putd
duties, which required his presence in another
place; and he had received apologies from the
Lord- Chancellor and Earl Grey on the one side,
and from the Duke of Gordon and Lord Hill on
t other. He concluded by proposing the health
of hjs INI-ijesty's Ministers.
The toast was received with great approbation.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE returned thanks,
and proposed the health of their present exalted and
respectable chief Magistrate.—(Applause.)
The LORD MAYOR briefly returned thanks.
The LORD MAYOR next proposed the health of
the Right Hon. Sir R. Peel.

This toast was received with approbation so
marked, thrt it was clear that the majority of the
company invited on this occasion were Tories.
Sir R. PEEL, after thanking the company for such
a flattering testimony of their affectionwe regard,
concluded by proposing " Prosperity to the city of
The LORD MAYOR gave the healths of the Duke
of Richmond and the Peers of England.
The Duke of RICHMOND returned thanks, and
concluded by giving the health of the Lady
Mayoress. This toast elicited great enthusiasm.
The LORD MAYOR returned thanks.
Several toasts were afterwards given,—among
which, that of Sir Thomas Denman, the Lord Chief
Justice of England, elicited the greatest sympathy
and applause. The health of Sir Martin Shee was
also well received, and he returned thanks in a
manner which Showed he had successfully cultivated
the art of speaking as well as of painting.
Dancing soon afterwards commenced in the Hall,
and was continuing at the time when we left the
Mansion-house.
Upon the whole, though the Tories were exulting
in what they conceived to be a sort of trimuph, all
that can be said is, that in a company, selected,
for the most part, from the Tory pArty, the Mi-
nisters were received with decided marks of respect
and regard, though their opponents had louder
plaudits..

DEA4'H OP CAPTAni 11 ICllBELL.—Yes-
terday morning, at 8 o'clatik, THOMAS RICHBELL, Esq.,
the re-ident Magistrate of 'Thames police, departed this
life at b;s residence, the Thathes-police-office, in High-
street, Wapping, at the age of 75 years. Captain Mut-
117LL entered the Navy in an humble capacity, at a very
early age, and served with hie present MAJESTY in the
West Indies. For the gallantry and bravery he displayed
in several actions and hazardous engagements, he was
successively promoted to the rank of Midshipman, Lieu-
tenant, and Post Captain. In the year 1792 or 1793, he
was appointed tegulating Captain of the Volunteer and
Impressment department, •in the 'necropolis, and to the
charge of the Enterprise, tender ship off the Tower, arid
until the close of the war he 'performed the onerous duties
of his office to the satisfaction of the Government. He con.
tinned in this situation until the beginning of the year
1817, when he was appointed by Lord StomouTit, then
Home Secretary, to the officeof a Thames-p•dice
trate, with_ the privilege of retaining his half-pay. He
has left a widow, who has •been•far some time labouring
under a severe indispositidn, and a son anti daughter,
under age, to dill* the lois.of a kind husbind and most
affectionate father. Captin RICIIBELL was a gentleman
of very frugal habits, and his property, which consists of
freehold and leasehold estates, and money in the funds, is
said to be very considerable.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, APRIL 24.

On the Earl of SILAFTESBITRY taking his seat,
The Warrington and Birmingham Railway Bill was
read a second time.

The Duke of RUTLAND presented petitions, praying
for the abolition of coloni ti slavery, from various places in
Leicestershire. Also a petition from Sheepshead, in the
same county, praying the House to pass some measures for
the better regulation of factories.
The Earl of SHAFTESBURY presented petitions,
praying for the better observance of the Sabbath, and
abolition of neer° slavery.
Lord SUFFIELD presented fifty-one petitions for the
total and immediate extinction of slavery. Also a peti-
tion from Truro, praying for the removal of the disabili-
ties of the Jews. . .

On the motion of Lord SUFFIELD, the House then
adjourned till half-past three o'clock to-morrow.

II 0 USE OF COMMONS, APRIL 24.

The House was not opened until a quarter past four
o'clock to-day, in consequence of the balrot to try the me-
rits of a petition against the return for Weymouth, which
was postponed from yesterday, having been fixed to take
place. It was, however, not proceeded with, and it was
understood to have been withdrawn.

On the motion of Mr. BULLER, the amendments to
the Exeter Water Works Bill were re.id a second time.

Mr. ROOPER presented a petition from Penstantou,
in Huntingdonshire, for the abolition of slavery.

THE MALLOW ELECTION.

Lord EASTNOR brought up the report of the Committee
appointed to try the merits of the petition against the re-
turn of Mr. Joseph CrNiell Daunt, Esq., for the borough
of Mallow; and the Committee reported that Mr. Daunt
was not duly elected, but that Charles Denham O. lando
Jephson, E-q , was duly elected; that the petition was
not frivolous or vexatious, but that the election of Mr.
Daunt had been vexatious; and that the Committee bad
altered the state of the poll by striking off the names of
several persons who were not entitled to vote.
The Clerk of the Crown was ordered to attend the
House to-morrow, in order to amend the return.

Sir W. FOLKES presented petitions from Swaff ham,
Cast!eager, Oxborough, and other places in the county of
Norfolk, all for the abolition of slavery, except one, which
was for the repeal of the malt tax.
Mr. PLUMTRE presented petitions for the abolition
of slavery, from Sittingbourne, Milton, Faversham, Whit-
stable, Minster (in the Isle of Sheppy), Queenborough,
Sheerness, Flythe, New Romney, Ramsgate, Rainham,
St. Peter's (in the Isle of Thanet), Sittingburn,
Milton, and Tredegar. They all prayed for the im-
mediate and entire abolition of slavery, and some
particulaly prayed that provision might be made for the
free exercise of religious liberty, alluding particularly
to those outrages against religious liberty which had taken
place in the island of Jamaica, which were disgraceful to
any civilized country. He cordially concurred in the
prayer of the petitions, and hoped that his Majesty's Mi-
nisters would soon take up the subject vigorously and
effectively, for it was not fit that a system of cruelty,
injustice, and bloodshed, should be tolerated in a country
calling itself civilized.
Lot(' EBRINGTON presented petitions for the entire
abolition of slavery from Great Torrington, Langton,
South Holton, Ilfracomb, Moreton, Combe Moreton,
Statnford, Courtwary, Exmouth, Simplon!, Peveril,
st Down, Plympton, Innersley, Winckley, Mallow,
Taunton, Bishop, Stoney Church, Rickerton, Hart-
cliff, 'Withridge, Columpton, and a great number of
other places in the county of Devon. The petitions
stated, that should the entire and immediate abo-
lition of slavery be accomplished, they would be ready to
bear their shares of the pecuniary sacrifices which the
planter might be subjected to. The Noble Lord observed,
that that was a point well worthy cf the consideration of
the House.

Mr. COBBETT could not agree with the Noble Lord
that the people of this country might properly he called
upon to pay something for emancipation. He held it to
be a❑ act of great injustice towards the people of Eng-
land under any circumstances, particularly those which
existed at present, to call upon them to give money
to do that which it was extremely doubtful would
be productive of any good to either party.—(Hear.)
His opinion was, that if such an arrangement as was
contemplated took place between the colonists and the
slaves, the colonies would he either alienated from England,
or destroyed. The House ought not to act on the dictates
of, be had no doubt, a good set of people, but who were
totally ignorant about the matter. He thought the House
would do well to reflect before it interfered between the

master and the slave ; but if it did interfere be trusted the
House would place that interference on a just and equitable
footing. The emancipation of the blacks had already cost
the country five or six millions of money..—(Hear.)
Colonel TORRENS thought the Hon. Member for
Oldham had forgotten that the people of England were
already taxed to an enormous amount to keep up slavery.
Were it not for the discriminating duties on sugar• the
system of slavery would perish in an instant.
Mr. BERNAL was sorry to hear the observations of
his Gallant and Hon. Friend, that the people of this coun-
try were taxed to support the existence of slavery in the
West Indies. Upon this he was prepared to join issue
with his Hon. and Gallant Friend. He should argue, at the
proper period, upon facts, and not upon theories. When
the Hon. and Gallant Member spoke of the Brazils, did he
mean to say that the sugar from that quarter was nut the
produce of slave labour ?—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. EVANS made some observations, which were in•
audible to us.

Lord ERRINGTON, would take leave to say in reply
to the Hon. Member for Oldham, that the petitioners had
stated that they were prepared to pay their share of what-
ever might be required to make a reasonable recompense
to the planters. He must repeat that he concurred most
heartily in the sentiments expressed by the petitioners;
he was exceedingly anxious to see the question settled,
but he could not see how it could be justly settled without
due regard being had for the property of the planters in
their slaves, which had been augmented by the Legislature
in several Acts of Parliament.—(Hear, hear.)
