IFICWMF, OF LCIWS, MONDAY. JUNE 6

Counsel Were Leaill in contintia,ion and at corridrral)!e
iength rc,•Tectiug tit Scots cause of tguew f"..:1gn....w..—Fur7
titer consie.cration Iv' tputtrtl.
(i the Cnse of licelmrn 30111)C 11
dclivercd opinion Ak).11; i,oICIO
q* and Ci/t1,1,14,t'd
proilc:ng a judgio•vnt tending par/ly to ievet,e t;ie in
t anti pArtly to remit the case iht4 Inc tuflil,l
ilgrelld to by t tie 1411,e.

CORN Lz.7,-S,

A treat nember and variety of were presented by
iteveral of thi it Lordships, against tim.prOposed a.teratioa
the Corn I. 're; and some-praying against any al.;!raticus, at
.h et daring the present . ,
The Earl of,OBFORD presented a Petition from the Bo-
rough of Lynn, in Norfolk.
Lord REDESDALE,.one from the Town and Port rlf.Pool.e.
Sonic were presented to the above effect by the Diitte of
RtTLAND, who.-observed, that he wits ial;
to be understood as pledging.hiniself to support the prayet. of
the petitions. These documents not. bring read by t
—ere finable distinctly to collect tine place, and when, e
they weresent.
of LONSDALE presented a Petition, for a .imilar
objtct with the foregoing.-- .
The Earl of DARLINtiTQN presented one from the Ship-.
owners; Alimeilatits;'xind others, of die Town aad Port of Slit.-
derland, and from one or two other phires. .
w. Peirtiohs were presented by ids Koval Highnos the
flute of SUSSEX; One by the' Earl of' BItiSTOL ; and one
from the T,Wil of Stoehport, li Vi,..t.rat BULKELI., .
'These Petitions were respectively ordered to lie
en the Table.
- Earl STANHOPM addressed the house at some
length upon the subject. Ile said he held a great
ritituber of Petitons to present against the pro-
posed alteration in the Corn La : and be -was
• happy to present them, because he look, d upon
u c measure :to which they referred as a .most
wretched one ;—one the least founded lipoit prin-
ciple, or, more tojitrimis iii its ColleClGeneeS,
could scarcely ever Autcr the contemplation of a
legislator. The Noble hart observed, that. he had
always been ton tinnily of opinion, from the first
moment of his being able to think upon the sub-
ject; etiat one of the principal' objects of Pariia-
went should be to have bread and provision cheap
,• for ,hc pour, lie would beg'of their Lordships to
consider, that a high price of bread artuSt.beget a
high price of labour, and that these must affect iu'
a material degree all ourmanulaeturel, and con-
sequently produce the most injurious effects
regard to them in foreign markets. When the
foreign manufacturers should 'become . possessed
:of many of our present advantages, as thosfi of
. steam-engines, able and skilltanteit from this cuuu
try, whu cause our manufactures to.prosper, what,
in such a case, would hinder them froth beating
us in the foreign markets i• These evils would
• -flow; froM the high prices of Corn. lf, there-
fore, the manutactutes were injured, the commerce
of the country must inevitably suffer; and it
that were injured, it would infallibly shake the
foundations of our Navy; and if that were shaken,
- it Tonle weaken, in a must alarming degree, the
means of national defence. These propositions
were , so. obvious—(Hear ! hear ! by the Earl of
Lauderdalej—lf his Noble Friend would say that,
be could take no notice of his speech, for he had
mime none; but he may, perhaps, have alluded to
.a pamphlet published by his Noble Friend upon
the subject. It was nrgedin favour of the pro-
posed measures, 'that it free importatioas -were
permitted, there would not be sufficient encou-
ragentent ...;Ircninstances) for the
iii a Corn in the country ; that if the
country did not grow sufficient (Gram, it Must de-
peud for a supply upon' toreigu nations : part of
these propositions he would admit, vii. that nd-
• -
van% more calamitous than to der:co:l upon
foreigu nations rtit-iiipply iff-SO Tinpot taut an ar-
ticle of food. But, oa the other hand, it was
contended, that if-free importation were not Per-
mitted, our cirettnistances were at present such,
as that the price of • bread must be increased, iu
the • first instance, and, on this point, an
alsirm was felt throughout the country. Af-
ter adverting to the state and increased amount
of the National Debt, and the effect* which the
considerations connected therewith must have
upon the pt-ices of provisions, there was a re-
port iu existence that the Noble Earl in the red
coat opposite to, him (the Earl of Liverpool wore
col6neps uniform), and some of his Colleagues,
had an intention of contiatiing the Property Tax
to some extent. lie Ohderstood some of the
Vixes, proposed for repeat were certain,- of the As-
sesed Taxes, as' upon horses, carriages, and ser-
, yams. Of these, however, he hoped not one of them
could be repealed. He-wished sonic Of the taxes
upon fitruiers may be repealed, and such taxes as
cramped and fettered the industry of the poor,
end which were the leading causes of the high
I rice of labour. He should like to see removed'
the taxes Upon Candles, upon Salt, and upon
their Beer. Let them do that, anti render jus-
tice to' the labourers, the inoit usetulibees of the
C immunity. Real. jastice should be also done to
the farmers. Let the Property Tax bepreserved,
a, far as relates to Landlords, but repealed so far'
it eelates to tenants and occupiers of land. In'
such a case, they would not have to fear competi-
tion—that is, if such wise measures were adopted.
He thought, at least, the intended measures should'
be postponed for the present. It was the object
of the Petitioners, that the Bill should not pass.,
-at least in the present Session of Parliament. His
• Lordship then presented his first Petition against
the Bill, which was: from the parish of St. Bride's,
iii the City of London.
• __'The Earl ithilptltDALE took -the. opportunity
to observe, that sonic points which fell from the
.Nubli! Lord', lie thought, called upon him, to as-
sure:him, that so far from there.being any Noble
.-• Lord- not ready to controvert those propositions
Le had advanced, thine. were many ready to state,
witen the: subject should- come regularly under
iiiSCUSSIOII,IIiId" to sinew that many, of the opinions
advanced by the Noble Lord were not only absurd
hut even uangeroils.. They would. contend, on
the contrary, that the proposed measures would
Lave the effect of cheapening the. prices of bread
on the poor, and they would have the still more

41(hPalitageOnS effect of tending to settle geucrally
the prices-of proyisious. So far from a high Price
of prorisious,,aiways hulueing a high price of la-
bour, there were many iustances vrilereiir. the

prices of. hredd were high, when those of labour
Nyere low ; an!! Other instances; where these were

respectively the Contrary. i proposition could
.inore 'false than that the price of breed and of
labour corresponded, and had a mutual eficet

bn each other. He certainly did not Wish to
n.io the contest upon the subject at present.
Ittt he could not suffer such an unfounded doc;-
hat the priees of labour were always pro-
ii,Ationate to the prices of bread in this country,
to escape without observation: •
;LarLSTANnorm, in explanation, contended the
N,ible Lord hat! thisunderstOod and mis-stated'hiS
_lie bad nerer said it was the inten-
tion of any man to raise the prices of Corn; but
he had argued, such would be the consequences of
their intended measures, or of their blunders with
respect to the subject, With respect to the Noble
Lord's contending, nearly to the extent, that the
prices of prov-isions were in au inverse ratio to
those of labour, lie believed it would be found
very difficult to persuade the manufacturers; that
when the prices of provisions were high, those of
labour would be cheap.
Petition above stated being read, on the
motion of the Noble Earl, it was ordered to he
on the table.
Ile next presented a Petition from the Church-
wardens, Overseers of the 'Poor, ond persons of
the parish of St. Mary, Whitecbapel, which, 'he
observed, was signed by between 5 and 6000 per-
for themselves and the other parishioners.
'1 he Lotto CHANCELLOR remarked, the Petition
could regularly be received only as that of those

•Igrned IZ.
Earl STANIIOPE replied, though' it may not be
recei'ved hut as the Petition of. the Subseriners,
ye.t it linty kt .received oil the behalf of the others.
.The Noble.E4rl then preseuted in rotatiou se-
veral who: Peritimis from eertaio Parishes in the
:City of London and Connty of 'Aliddlesex., to the
same effect ; and alio one
,trom Plymouth Duck.
I,(:;-:1 BoltiNGnox presented out: 1))0-
I'o/11 of Plyinplith, i 0 the sonic eire6t. Ticsc
Petitions were ordered to lie on the tab:e.
On thcsitggestion of Earl STANHOPE, the fur-
ther consideration of Dundas's .DivOrce Bill was
fixed for -Thur,dav-
A number of Private or Local Bills were hrought
up from the Conithons 'by-different Alemburs, am(
read a first flute.
A Copy of the Evidence taken :before a Com-
ini!tee of the Commons, rilative to the Ilellestone
Election Bill-, was communicated at the Bar, 'by
Mr. C. W. WyNNE,.pursitant to a recent tote of
their Lordships. • ,

',MEATY, OF ITACE.
The Earl of Livaatioot, presented the Treaty of
Peace, of which he,gave notice that lie should
move the consideration on Thursday seinnight.
Lord GRF.NVILLE had expected that all Europe
would have concurred .in the abolition of the Slave
Trade as a great crime—as a system of the worst
piracy, which ought no longer to exist. He could
not help now eXpreSshig the 'feelings of regret
with which tie had read the,arfiele in the Treaty
on that head. If any thing could still be done, he
hoped their Lordships would be ready to follow
up the Resolution which they had unanimously
adopted on that, subject.
Lord LIVERPOOL stated, that Ministers were
fully as anxious to, have the trinfic generally alo-
liSheti as any Men could lie ; and be only request-
ed of their Lordships to suspend their judgments
till the subject of the Treaty came to be dis-
cussed.
The discussion' of the Treaty was `accordingly
'fixed for Thursday seinnight.
Lord W CR,E' gave notice, that lie should
move the second reading of the- Corn Bill. to-
morrow.
• Lord LAUDE4DALE'II9ped, that the Conunittee,
at least, would be deterred till Friday.
Lord Lliatiwit...KE said; there cOnid' beno ob-
jections.
The second reading of the Bill was accordingly
fixed for to-morrow, and the House ordered to
be summoned.—Adjohrned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
CORN LAWS.

Petitions against the pi:Oposed alteration in the
Corn Laws- werepfesented trom = • " •
'Exeter, Ne‘vcastle on
,the Line, Canterhnry, Chatham,
Ayirshory Southwark, Kilmarnocli, Shopton Mallet, Froniv,
Briniford, orthainfitOn, Newpurt,. (Isle •of 'Wight) "Bolton,
Bury, Plymouth, (iostiorr, Ycvrjl, Giirlisle, BAichester, Wry,
mouih, New Sarum Salisbury:, Reading, Eyeshaiu,
Cougle.tou, Qhester, beverle'v, Winchester, Paisley, Oxford,
• Qhrist.Church; Surrey, Clerlawell, C.helsea, Stratford, Bow,
Hammersmith, Kensington, Kingston-on-:Tootles,
•Margate, the Liberty of the Rolls, Wituey, EUesinere, Kid-
derminster, Whitchurch,Uttuxeter, and Cuillaruptou. -
The Petitions were read short, and -ordered to
lie on the table.

Mr. CANNING presented a Petition against the
proposed alterat►ons of the Corn Laws from Li-
verpool, signed bv 20,000 persons. It was im-
possible, he thouOrt, for any ma❑ to see these Pe-
titions presented; •nucl not perceive the public
II minZcl• was much in:larned. Observing this, they
ninst feel the impropriety of pressing a- measure
like that now progress through the House,
while this ferment existed. He. would give no
opinion himself on the' measure ; but this he
would say, they might yet gain much information
on the subject. He, for one, should approve of
any steps taken (and to co-operate in them us far
as lay in his power) to postpone the proposed al-
teration in the first instance', and subsequently to
ditlnse among the people more ample information
on this important question.
General GAscoiGNE-could not let this. Petition
be laid on the table Avithout giving it as his opi-
nion, that to press the pleasure now before the
House would be attended with great danger.
The Petition was ordered tc, lie oq the table.
• Mr. CANNING presented a Petition from the
Masters and Journeymen Farriers of Liverpcaol,'
against the Lill for repealing the sth of Elizabeth.
Ordered to lie on the table.

Petitions against the Corn
.Laws were pre-
sented from

Malinsbury, Plymouth Dock, Rory St. Edmonds, •Knares-.
borough, Aoingaon7 _LOughliurottgli, And; and, Darlington,
117nlverliampton, St4llordsliire, St. Clements Danes, Ponty-
pool, Banbury, liungerford, Norwich (signed by 12,000 per-
sons), Leeds (signet! by ‘2 0, 0 0), Macclesfield, Wakelield,
I.3rhipoit, Croydon, and'Alrestbrd. •

Tile -Petitions were ordered to lie on the table.

• A Petition was- presented by Mr. COKE iu fa-
vOur Of the Corn Import. Bill, Ordered to lie on
the table.

LORD CASTLEREAGH.

..9hOut the time. the Petition ti•otu Loughborough
was presented, Lord Castlereagh entered the
House. The instant he appeared, he was greeted
with loud cheers. business ,vas for smuts Liao-

na kits Stispeiufed. His Lordship ded
Seat amidst the licelttinations of the Hotise.
tIOCK AND WATCPMAKERS' PETITION.Sir W. CtIICAS presented a PetitiOn frOM def;:.
tain Watch and Clocknitikers cif London', praying
the interposition Of the House to prcitect their
rights, by preventing the introduction of foreign
watches in this country, with the nameB of Eng-
lish watchmakers surreptitiously affixed to them.
Sii J. NEWpORT thought these manufacturers
ought not to ask an exclusive Monopoly for thcni=
selves, at a time when they came forward to op-
pose a similar measure for.the protection of the
Agriculturists. Freedom of trade ought not to
be partial, but general. ,If Agriculturists were
not to be encouraged, the .Matinfacturera ought
not to be allowed the exclusive monopoly which
they prayed.
Mr. Rose said, the manufacturers claimed no
monopoly ; they only desired tit be protected from
the effects of -the fraudulent importation, and he
could not let this opportunity'pass without the
misrepresentation of the Han. Baronet.
Sir J. NEWPORT contended, what they peti-
tioned for was a monopoly. -
Mr. Rose asserted it was no such thin ;.--(Crier
of Order!)
Sir Wm. CURTIS said, all our manufacturers
tvanted` with respect to foreign goods was, that
the Pciblic might be able to distinguish a good
English watch from one of foreign make.
Mr. Kumasi thought that which they asked for
was a:monopoly. There he no fraudulent
ii»portation of watches, if importation of them
were not Prohibited. With respect to the Corn
Laws, a spirit of resi*tance had been artfully ex-
cited in the etiolate:, tvhich would not allow
the llouse to deliberate on them. The appeal
made from the House to the coimtry was rather
extraordinary,.
.considering the quaarter 'from
whence it came. The Orators of Palace-yard and
Copenhagen-house had never gone so far as to
touch on the pithy subject of the food of the peo-
ple, to iuttinne the public !Iliad. On such a sub-
ject, no talent was necessary to produce this ef-
fect. The feeling excited had now risen to such
a height, that, however desirabie the measure
progress, the ilo•ust would not. dare to pass it—
(Cries of Order ! Chair, 4e.)
The Sin:emelt said, the Hon. Gentleman had
spoken very 'lnadvisably.
Mr. BA:u;AM explained. The sense in which
he meant to use the words dared not, was this—
the House dared not to do that which it ought
not to do. He contended, the House ought not
to favour the naumfacturers, while they refused
to encourage the ,igrieulturists.
Mr. Rose said, the Holt. Gentleman hail re-
marked, there could be no fraudulent importation,
if importation were not nirobihked. 'No article
was imported into thus country ..Illicit did not pay
a duty ; but the E,n mantilacturer had aright,
to claim protection, when watches of foreign nia-
mifticture were sold in his name. lie • denied
that he had, out of doors, excited any ferment in
the itultlie mind. What he had done, he had done
in his place ,in Parliament. There, and only
there, had lie delivered his sentintents on the sub-
ject. Applications had been made to hint from
several places to take part with them, Ina he had
eolitentedhimself with sendiag.to them the rem-
lations of the house. His opinion on the soh-
ject had been given early, and every subsequent
-circumstance had confirmed it. -He did not be-
lieve any ferment to have been artfully excited,
nor any unfair means tarn to form the opinion
universally held, on this subject. ‘Vith a- Right
Hon, Gentleman near him he thought it waLnot
sufficiently understood. It ought:tobe thorOughly
investigated before any definitive arrauethuent
was made. He again repelled the imptaation of
having appealed from that Hotise to the people.
Mr. PuesToN spoke, but was, iunittlible.
Sir J. Nxwiciarr said, Mr. Rose had taken an
active,- part in exciting the feelings -which
eel, but he was so much
of an author' that he for-
got having sent his speech to: the press. Tire
Right Hop. Gentlenlall had taken care to publish
his sentiments. Ile (sir J. Newport) •oni,:hde-
sired that:the agriculturists might have a fait com-
pensation for their cares as well as the mantifac-
turers, that the foreign • corn-grower should not
have an advantage which the foreign artisan was
denied.'
Mr. ROSE explained.
Mr..P.uoTnEttoE disapproved of the language
held by an [lon. Gentleman, that this House
dared not pass the Bill now in progress. He
hoped they would abandon it with a good grace,
now that petitionS poured in against •it from all
quarters. He thought the manufacturers had
been unfairly attacked on the present Occasion,
when they only came forward to complain of an
open Freud. An Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Barham)
had thought it extraordinary that any thing
should be done in a cei lain quarter to encourage
the popular teeling against. the Bill;, be, for his
part, could not help expressing surprise, !het an
this occasion the voice of the public should bedis-
regarded by those %eh° were generally so anxious
to listen to its complaints, and %via) piqued them-
selves on giving them at all times their support.
Mr. W. FITZGERALD disapproved of the tone
taken by the last Speaker, who had contributed to
the public ferment,
.by imputing objects to the
measure which those who framed it had never had
in their contemplation. He would consent to
postpone the Bill. This he would do, not with a
view of aliamloning it, bat in order to save it from

defeat.
Mr. PiIOTIIEHOE, in explanation, said, he had
never given the measure a ciaracter.hich it did
not deserve. .
Mr. CANNING reminded the House, that the
question was, whether the. Petition of the Watch
and Clockinakers should be received ? It was true,
by a little ingenuity, a debate ini!..rht be raised mi

„ .
almost any question but he thought, as the Corn
Import Bill was. one di the Orders of thi: Day, it
would be better that the subject should be dis-
cussed in its proper place.
The Petition was ordered to lie on the table.
'MEATY OF CE.
Lord CACTLEREXGFi bronglit. ,ilp a Copy of the
'Treaty of Peace with Frane, and moved that it
should lie.on the table.

Me. WILBERFORCE conici not avoid saying a few
words on the present occasion. lie could assure
lxis Noble Friebd (Lore! Castlereagh), tl►at lie

, , • • ' •••-•
typo tft4~iireci titan ire hat'. tiseti ins best exer
thit dbject wliieh the House aad
eatrint had So Much at liiemrt ; at the sariretilnc ai•jt
one Who had indeiged warmeipectatmOn.s
France cOuld have been prevailed upon tri eMo,!;
heartily iii the entire abolitidn of the Shire.
niitst have been witch disappointed 1" nr"11"41e:
this abolition was not immediately t ,_1)1.,
,isce
At present it *as knOwn that France Inid
Trade ; but when many Coloeie, 1111(1.1)W'
to France, with the understanding thaE Oi.vve„;,
Trade was to Continue for A certabm numbq"iceri,
what. was that but giving up greatet di
Africans to All those miseries front
Wished to litre 3 avec! them "e fie inmejt soilere
that the Nobl. Lord was juS'titied hY.•'ffilj•eq
strong and imperious necessity ; but st'
oiley
must deeply lament that Such a stterifiec
hare been found necessary. Iu his viery
subject, it appeared to hint the surretefert,:ft's%
great part of Africa, and many timoustinoo..leite`
lean beings, tri deliberate robbei:y
der. It was not merely to give vent to hi,' he:'
ings on this subject that he had risen,
cause there were other Treaties still tO
eluded, in which he trusted that our died 't
ernie might be mole effectual. We lta"
w
,et. u
yetrsisg;!m the 1)70 i the
117
14; t o tv‘Liitd tl.'ii
and important- ae:uleanient-,--e-re---etiorreetre—(l")",,te
might myell insist on :he s:ave trade being
abolished. Whmit was the slave trade, .hu'i 1.00
ilia;a number-of human beings from their ,“'ierit
awl their country, and cnnsiguing th&ni au"
desceadants for ever to slavery ? To iix ""Y lei I
ticadar time for the abolition of the tr3.lc'
to give a preurik.nn to em barki mtg. ill it of
that time should. arrive. It. reminded 1"1-i Di(
a text of scripture which had been (I""te: the
a former debate. oil this subject, ‘,
Woe eae
inhabitant of the earth ! for the Devil
upon the earth with great power, for 1"'
is short." Such, he feared, would be the c`:‘,",
tion of Africa, if time Slave Trade were "i'lente
continue a few years longer. He hoped t113,t,,,c1•
Noble Lord might yet find some means of c'l-,,ame
ing the misehief, by some limitation of the
her of slaves imported, or of the tonnege ut Ice
sels allowed 'to be employed in the, tragic' r,
were now to cede to France large ttleale' or
the north coast of Africa, which had Wi`weerc
many years enjoyed a sort of repose, anti
its Chiefs had since directed their exertin.o4,
more humane pursuits. This rep.ose, he
would now only prove " spatium
loris;'' and that there would be again wils eas
red up between village anti village, ,04
r neighbou and neighbour.' lie xpressed s'
hope, that the great Empeeor Aleatoitler
litt
lie ready to connect his fame with the ol)"tug
of this the greatest evil whin now aillic'6l,o,4
earth. Wasethe period of general joy thru"",.
Lurope to be the time for. letting reose
its most crawl and savage form, among the;:eimPi
cep( miations Of Afri'ea ? Ie hoped that re I
Lord ;liquid still-be able to prev on time o time pr''':oir
Powers of Europe sincerely to join in the-
(bete abolition of this detestable traffic- elt-01°-
LOITIt CASTLE:IEIOH said, he could have
in point of order, that his Hon. Frieod Ij jll(I)e
fetid (1 the observations. he had past wade
Treaty on the table had come to be t°1"")(1 for
consideration on a future day, to be lia,al".l
that purpose, a his Ilon.Friend would race leme
had an opportunity to have read the Tre'ttY:e‘amci
to have formed his jedghient with emote
on the points in which he felt himself 6°:;( eme
interested, than he-cot-Ltd possiblyalo by
cipltitio of the. subject. When it came t° '01:11
cussed regularly before the Home, he had 00e 0,1
but his lion. Frier' would find that e vet Y t!i/,
caution had been used to place the questo'°,_`,s tit
satestgrounds, so as to suit the best feelii,,3r:
his lion. Friend, of the flouse anti f the
try, Ile was by no means surprised tt
Friend was feelieg3 alive to a SilbieCt
had fom• so many years engaged his
w werest attention, and must !laterally
ed hint so Away cares iind anxieties ;
acted himself, if his lion. Friend bad liU;S:fod.tt;
from pressing time subject at the preseut
he- would- soon have been conviaced ,t',ooll,
points lie alluded to were perhaps placed '"),ese)';
favourable state than his lion. Friend at lot la'
seemed to apprehend. It certainly was, I admit
wish to anticipate any part of the. dehateeitis‘vc;i
would take place -on a future day ; 'II 04'1
to what had fallen from his Ilononrahlc 1d o°l
in some of his observations, be c°ll:,,,ioe
but think he had been somewhat to" sue-'7O 6
done ;4"
in what- he had supposed could- be (. c
point of so much importanee,
teusive complication of different iuterOtsi,feittmcP
highest magnitude. With respect r° ac:
there could be no doubt 'but peace, timOt heto acs
sirable to the people there as it could be La
31)‘
but then it was egeally natural for SO g!teey
high-minded a people to expect, ‘01" I",at 11'4'
ceived back certain of their colonies, oges;
should have thew with all their fortnevadv`leiaht ti‘P
and of such 3tt. tee
and as they looked upon their forme: these ''";
stock them with sieves to form. one o`.t was
- vantages, and a very principal one, Slid;;
very surprising that they should blot rii.4;:;,
themselves
.averse from parting with t videot le
and anxious to retain it. It was Yell th
e)ie
the French Government, that the '..1" this .at
so•';
I.•retich 'people \xi:re, very warm 0".,,,e vgeL:,
ject that in the present moment ler ea 1,1•.;
not, prepared for it ; anti therefor° ,sohitc,le
pressed ft peremptorily.aS a meesare roit ea,`:
mita' eel,
necessary to 'be definitively adjusted, eecaoti
only fixed their prejudice in it's faS()llije PCI.I re
and made time obtainment of it at al-"tl
eht
more difficult. lt was therefore th',`6lol9o
advisable tot leave it open to further old 01,1 e
u Congress hereafter to be heldfor th4,i'as ore
_other important . purposes ; and he
.‘1 "'amt
cause. of humanity, which it so mnaini,Y,el4.ladsl64l
could not have a more ardent and P ,0
cate than- in that great Monarch, ,wl.l' 'bet 01'14)3
for the happiness, not only of Fr"nce.,`,,:e „ere
Eur6Pe, now' tilled the throne Of
best feelings, and those of his angus
_he 01;01' .100
in the highest degree favourable to d the t,,le
of that inhnman : anti- he 110!),,e, be ro'"
.was not very far distant when it AN-01:e1
that to press a point with too much ue'leatast-
any given time was not viwayi ale 5P

Or'
1"45
(Jt

#etif,
ti;c

1

L 5 fly•

, • ! - , -' - 1
of 013-ta' in.ib.fi iii.e' A.l',. isiied::::tll en:!. Q;; 011:14:tii::;st s 1.: i
...
0 could also Say' ' • '
It i(.
r_lt42zt..:uti, that his
ti-loii,to'nrirille li.'ri,•hil c-i.it''
a total A!)01.1i1 ot. 0,
11,1, I !,)ttei
A.,,1i h wore
,a,rden y .
.1. .
es:
those i
ts' e Slave 1 rade t. 11,11) . " I,
...., . ,A,. pi, :ipe-
io,u.:entates. the Einpe.ror of fLtisma, t.;
' Kiln, of Prussia : ainl in
111.1): ()ff't.i‘.l::e'r'c.i:(;;!ll;l%is,...t.tlvelilliichlil:leiadthleteelius.
sitil,lti;il.lliec,el t(:),t:
1125,tl 1".
Fn."'.
‘"tl
to ootain, by theirunited
11„ce gr....4i l'ov cr•i,.
_. ,
,„..
um! Oa-
-4114v.1( e, ;lode(' to oiii• own nom .7),j►4,11 .
. 1 Wit id! his
Ijill , the g',.-eat mid it'.iportinit obit(
re
w 00,,,
•,, Li''. Vriend had.so itearly
.at heart. t. . ,
,_('),:
.itt •
•-• .
he discus,'
~.• 'thy filillier anticipate upon t •
and _
_hi_
,Iji-1 •
„,
~,,bleat c'
~i• ei must ensue opoh thi- '''. i
~ be on the
itsf',4,lvil by moving that the Irl/4•titY ' '
Li Timr,_
~44e, and be taken into considecation 0
swrinii4ht.
I I 1_1" rd had no
i ,Lrd NIIL-roN said,' the NO3-e„ -nod f or hav-
i,4,,s°4 to 6.11 fadit with his 1-.1011• .er ' . , .
sill).
sion of to 13
..j:-6 flticipiitc(l toe future disci" Noble Lord
itily•'`'l' hir he had not drawn Iron) the -
e.
. •
test cons
thin', which it inns of the sligh • l I'lie
ii'leti:.e ~'',,,, • .
x,
~ .
s....aer , 0 inal;,,-.... kil()w:1_ °,.l.,.tot(ozinricee:itla.te -t he
••,. hle Lord i 1
;44,,,,ie.... lat. not wilt htt,-•o'.r.
to
remove•
his
'd• . ot ins Lion. _Pariewl, , • tomi„g the
;,tints 01 t 0
't 1'1.4 ',l's "le -I.L'il)rr°r of Itils9l.
bolitioll of the
tidN,,' 'i'4 Wttt fiv„crable to the a f he,„ bad
ll'iust:t"..l.:"
i"."(
11l
iluestiuit':•D'kyt lantid tile King
t'll- • raii,.: ; ' 4
the neither o- t armies,
Y V'"1"1"e3 't1cl":1;"se iLlitybe powerful
ihn done
lasi:, tlyy 1,;4(1
ilu
~,:,:::11111',.;Nce. what had..tenowers
‘iViiii . 1:.
- ' lose were the -e .
w!,, 411,1 Portugal t.' I.
~,„ ~
gte'heq e •
L'u'''tilt to such abolition
1 led the Noble. herd.e
WOOL! beoftlie
;'oidf, r u""N"euee• . fie, hoped
,a the Article h
Ilk! ,i tH,ve.riglit in his laeo, •• i'
the cute; but
lie 0 :?I'q'ould be at advantage in
i .
likely that a
lie
It
Ohl ilot to ltiiti seet.l.e up a trade
titte't ..,, wrntld he very ready to give
ii .ges (coin it,
'tv4„
t`,"er Itinl derived some' adv,4l,lwitett there
Vo 1-:el.eo vet v averse to, site it "L
Tii:),tiltillglo I;egot by it. •
cousilie;arteio,yi
:t:ll,tril3:l,
sii.ei(lnt:ll,:iegd.btt.9 be taken into
Y ; Th, Cu• ,C.Oki.N LAWS...
perrza said,_ that
ill
coo,. Aiscp.l.l.oll
if
the
.6x.CliPetitions which-
-114,1 ii.'ler•ation (.1 the number of , ~iibt•the pro-
ie,i'''‘ii.Prettiited to the Hunse al''l'
he should
1)v. t'"(`'i.4tt'tillor the
,(''''`ll Laws,
onsidera• ion
tt.4 •••(' ret.er titose Petition to the
Cll,—with the
iii•lect Cue , , ,-.-.1 l tear, bear -. . s
could
t,,,t( . nuittt L. l
.i:
~... com„nt WC,
1114ke
ti'Ll a,hi ii,,i,e, tuat, ii the
„.! •Qine
t1ie.4,14. et' Report in nue tid---0• s it in tile
legislative
tot,r, e 'Wight be. founded • "I'°', ,
__,d
~1.0
ii, -ef tti.
... -I. and he sqou,
.1
,se th,„ ,s. paesc .lNcs,,ith , . _
committee,
to e,.„,. 1 4 lit lii tli(lLlet/()11 .tileto,, I by the 44th
Qf kii•l''''' i:,),,,.- idi, the prices fixed
~,,Jirtatioo of
late
~°rge Lit• for regulating' Inc •llntile „rowers
t)f t.:(;r:' ('l'll', were a protectic.in tot: :viler.
provi-
tio,,, tvi ''' tilts country ; ahil it not,
in order to
lecure tie :01 their judgnwnt necessary,
, ti,, i.
0,, toe increst'olagricultilre.
the Pe-
Aire ".'"tio i being put tor referring
Air
\tvii '4 L Oilifti' ate:,
I ad
the 1 • 'iti•rit-0b.,•,,•%--ed, that he ) _
ot
tile,
sol,l"().liusiti,, .... • the ti,i;st.ai4itil"nil
„Lti-
voted for
r. tulle, et, th
r„.:simote on, . 4
.:_.;
~f It to a ;
~r
lll'ihttet ; iiiiti't.',,l t,le. c0u5,,,,, •%,,i.u.e".,,,:0t.,
J:ii :,1161.,....
~1:11 tli,,,
,%
,t 1 t ais iC,,f3 t.'3 '‘'' for i.le arimilL-
-1t of it C,',e at •fitat Fi1")":,,,1050,i toe tuotion
i tkie it,,,,i, '',',y.,•e. it he Lctt,le„,eure_ ,t %.
vas
Qecal,,s, lit -ioti. (ienttcnia,i, 1, 1
iiii,_:,,t.
~k
ti)titl • )t
‘l'3S 11::'',Ii.ic•ii tilt. ''9
. ,r 01' mea-
sill,. :1. "tt*, 11'1 ',..,:'-'-'' . i„,.,-Ist; Scs3'()'l,l fair
,---'iolittlt -.: il
' i'tt!". ~:. ',-, t, v. unit! uave a
iN,,,,,e
of
~...,.:i)(1.):...,;;;;-,, : ~ 0
:11,.....whiie. Fll,lyr.
llivi4,4,it.ii boil 'l,, .-!t '.,, i!.'‘` •
~,I,siicild,:(l also tl,-,
it• t.e patitpo,l, : i :, , •', ~i,!Y•,l::::Lacion
ni the 5:14-
i)‘" to 4:10;! '‘
': t" -.);5:',6-, nP sel.i.u44. .d00r5,,.•
tilk,"tll eh's :(..Ic,.'',..''''" \v":,..„iiini v()Le ag'.'""s,,,,L.
114.-`)". t':rt5'5(:..1)1.::,..i.31.eic.,,i,:zi01%,.;41mi5. '• . .
'.(l De 5".
fer,liTl'4,SLSitlit 11141 ~itV •:toleaec 7u'i'u., ivi.e.-
htr il,'Y'l:le ilun.e, or •, l.i.``lvß
oca., ,„ the
4„,,,,:1 `="osk-afie'lice o. ati. 1)".-1.6cveL:td' e,. peoie`nt
to •'`t l) "Bete' they inig,.t .think e%.1,• 'P
t• e had preselated a
r•troen by
1; 11'. ";:i.ils: ~, ,),.,,,,, ,„,j altratiot .., 0,, .
..,...
ad •actoil,i2! '
/,'eti'..i.-9n, that.
4:,:', ' :'-' ''' i'i i.I.Ji.). of whorn h., ',. _
xilii,itiug
k'.' i 1 '' ineitb.re :it, midi astzati of t..
t
I i'd them"
1 ',..!1,011.t(i tvaillilt,' il ALI c.dru.ii-e.
‘,..ration._,_
1\
,: :' it:l. the most exetapla"...y ihr4ll-,
~...h
ti,c
411,, .
,L(i) d be ro,,re daloitadch I.”'
the
Pe( Lillt"'"' 11,t',. Otto tl !I lti b,ce. II used tolexClC no-
PhioLitt:
cg" `it OA pr,•,p-,,4.ed uluds‘tr• '" the,elli
Il° iii,,,:7 `` 11., it' il,! 11,..Ati the lionoitt• to rel'i!).te,s,.o4ie
opiniti-"," 1 tx.r.,utioji had been use°, ails!
illehigh
tuidth";-A1"-`•:kl• 'file rich and .th('PQL?r'b ily-111-
rerto ww, the well-informed and the m
,41.'de4ttr,"41,142'.irreil in ti.inki.,g that .at least
ss.uil..
the
• W1i..:1-1-, s"c3iiltt be. postcOm'd t° anutl.er .e,
si
es..
;taut t is ('wti 'vote nit lit be in that, ,other that
Ilie',teetikild not ~..
i-- • out tins hewoitu., say,n
arty)l4:l now te say
(withoat
.injuliugs"..,lye
tothitt ")
give satisiactioa or dissatislactioltonuits
Ittakit,)';/lllRtge, and that he had no liciLittio
all,r.A.‘,,l's election. .
,
ttattees•EsTettis• said, that in the
be'g'etMiti: fete 'country he thought the motion
lf
present eirci
(i,-,
t'' 1 '"tt.Gentit-- wan Was proper, and ought. ;-
tiltel °Plek •••• • ' , • •
1, ( alit! it i 1
illie puolic nut
1 it to the
topje
at
1-s'tii. and the House owe('
means
tilt:4llH li,:,•leli ti.nie, to take every possible ,
..
ii'.'ittti 4:111-4 l'ears and siiew then, that the..l-4z
•::bliel-a-tlaNrl..,i.t viie'w‘ *the general interest: ot the.
l'ilsrl;etaillt„: 'l'6'l to ia!buagurde(e; his owll °Pliu°-.;
lig to the Con.itni),itteiele,
etitutt4tbs"eil it was must tor the interests,,of the
~n
-'•0.,, .7 to throw
,Otl i:s dependance upon koleit,..
Pose' 5.411/`1 the. most eifeetnal measure for that
.ptir
Ile siii:,ettl(l always have his decided . support t.tTe 111.41111erli he eu"iii 'hot hell, complang 0 1
Avlio , - ''' whiell this subject "as treatt.tl by those
stibenii.ereti with him ill opinion. The 11.10 re th`"
Ilthli,et ".'ls gone into mid discussed the better ;
titttiv't \
btile, if it were fairly and dispassion-
lt 'et(iiiitletetl, t wound he found, toe 'more
okvii -:`""try could be iiiiiitced to rely upon. its
b, f;--grictliture, the more advantageous it would
L1,1).1.
,every class of the comioniiity•
e ll'''. Ilkto‘vbt declared, that every thing which
tl,i.ltWitraill Ii the c(liirse of the discussions oil
,I..i'.ltioi iutportailt Jilt)lect , confirmed hint in his
tit !Phal oto„i,„ ti„.b. ale 4iterests of the agricul-
ta,st' , ''' ere le:s proteaed than those' of any
Itlv.r "mss taut the cmmitinty. lic was perfectly
iiii:titie °I tile ildvatitiq,,s 'resulting trout commerce
lt,„ -li4saufactiireb, but lie thought thot they had
ti,:l`‘,l, ca nett quite far'ctioiyi). ..
1.... ausE. ,A we Ills decide(' objection to the mo.
4 °1 1113 itagat iiuuutuubie r'rzend, because he

was nc-tti4(le(l that it wns impoSsible fen* a Com-
mitre iu tne lires.ent Session, to i.lvesti,oce Cte
smile ! hi a ittil ,And satisfietory mAnner A.i
li Mot:'able Gentleman (Alt'. IVesterti) had said,
that Ine a... Mined on this sunject that the 'imposed
alteration wid] rAise the ni tee ot: corn. Ile hail
not only assumed this, but he'llad proved tt ; and
wheinA•er the general gars:ion should again be
disrtis‘eil, Ile was prepared again to proi'e that it
woultsi ds) so.

iltr. L. tVrtn.t.EsLEY said, 'that to big certain
knowledge the grower of corn was such a si-
tuatiou, that milesb prompt assistaucc were af-
forled him, the aid %illicit it would ultimately he
toipod necessiiry to give him woul:1 much
more severely ou the uther clasies of the commu-
nity. _

J. I'. GRANT voted for the present COM-.
mince, because the •object was. to inforin the
; and so thoroughly was• he convinced that
the tendency of this measure was the reverse of
what was supposed, that it tended to cheapen
bread to the poor, that he thought the More it
was discussed the better. He had no doubt, that
if it were discussed fully, but dispassionately
discussed,' without the introduction even through
inadvertence of expressions calculated to mislead
and; inflame, he hail no doubt it would appear,
to the entire satisfaction of every individual in the
country, to he established :not only by just rea-
soning, but by the yet more unerring test of ex-
perience, that the measures of regulation for-
merly so long and so successfully adopted, and
now again proposed, arc directly calculated to
lower the price of bread to the poor, to secure to
the labourer a constant and plentiful supply, to
advance the interest. of the manufacturer, at. the
same time with that of the landholder, and con-
sequently of the whole community.
• Air. PRESTON was of opinion that the landed
interest ought to be kept at a. fair par with the
other branches Of the community It was impos-
sible that the prices of agricultural produce and
the rent of land could fall to What they were be-
fore the (vat-, while every other article, had sus-
taineda proportionable increase. 'The Grower Of
Corn ought to have such encouragement as to in-
chice,him to raise the supply of food necessary for
the consumption of the country ; and it was well
ascertained that this country could grow a.shf-
ficiencV of Corn.for its. own subsi,telice.

Sir CHARLES BURRELL said, it was incumbent
on the Legislature of. a great country like :his to
take equal, care of the interests of all classes of iti-
dividtiatsf ,A clamour, in Many instances certainly
very unnecessary, had been raised against the
measure befOre the House ; but is the amount of
the taxes and burdens o:i ageiculture were Imlay
taken into considelation, Calif clamour, he had
doubt, would he done .away. The Assessed Taxes,
Property fax,- and Poor's Rates, no doubt si-eigh-:
classes oftheicorumunitv, but there were
some taxes whielL were born ex, lusivti) by the
agricultural class, and were direct taxes on hus
l)andry. The.tax on husbandry horses was 01 this
description, and w,s,mosi niyress.ve .11 its opera-
tion. The tax tin, malt was an indirect tax on
agriculture, a.c.d its op:Tatilm Oil it was In ,re
se-
ccre that), the Propert, fax. It was brought for-
ward al, a War Tax by Mr. Pitt, att.: he belie%ed
the tax was -much be:IV:Cr tban the value of the
prottycc.-. hich it Wits !Air While all these
cittuinstances weighed on the farmer, it was nu-
possible for him Cc) affoid produce at the price
which it bore before the w-ir. ti hoped, boat in
the course of the. Couniatiet: matters wonld be
cc;nsidered fairly, and that tivntlemen would not
allow theniselves to 'he ied away by a vain cla-
mour-, or a teMporarylioputarity.
Lord A HAMILTON avßrehe.ihie,d, that any dis-
cussion. upon' the measure W 04141 now
,be snper-
thious. ,He considered himself now booed to op-
pose the Committee; because he considered that
no effective ineasnre could result from, their la-
bou.s, and be carried through Parliament doting
the present Session. The House was lu so :le. de-
gree in a. 'awkward situation. He should he
sorry to encourage the ninilm that the House
hod been determn tied either by the number
of petitions or the clamour out of doors. But,

on the;other hand, he could not consent to vote
fora proposition Nvhich lie considered. us hopeless
for the object which it had in view. Before• he
could make up his iniml as to what might 1h con-
sidered a fair encouragement -to -the;Agriculturist,
he should wish to hear something.froni.the‘Rlght
lion. Gentleman (the Qihtuyellor of the Exci.e-
quer) respectinv„the duration of tlie.War Taxes
and Property Tax, and the period att--thich we might
expect to see our currency restored •to its former
State. The law, as it now stood, would'plaee the
country in a different siolation in this respect hi
the•cour,te of it few months.'

The CHANCRLLOII of the EXCIIEGIUER thought it
would be premature at present, to determint
whe-
ther any toensure would 6.1* would not follow the
labours of the Committee cain,' the present Ses,-
elan. They ought to wait for the Report-of" the
! Ccimmittee before deciding upon this point. For
the prOtegtion oFotir agriculture, it wouhl be ne-
cessary that a Bill of some .161-0 or other should-
,
be passed. But hie did riot think it probable that
the Report of the .Committee would.•be laid be
fore th,qn in time to admit of being carried
through both• Houses of Parliament during the
present Session.
Mr. ILTHORNTON thought the Muse ought not
to delegate so important a trust as that' pi ()posed
to a Committee of their number, as there was no
iodiyidual who was not already pledged to one
side or the othr. The CoMmitte-e- ought rather
to sit for the purpose of informing them more
fully, on different points whit:h at present require'
elucidation ; and the measure ought to be put off'
for another Session.
Mr. Pll ELLIPS said, if the Committee W 33 merely
to•direct its attention to the scale regulating the
duty on importation, he- woutd certainly appose
it.• He thought the (Lingers which %vete appre-
heoded from a tree trade were altogether without

fouudation. This country was•supplied with most
manufactures cheaper than airy othar, 811(1 the
agriculturist was not therefore placed in a disad-
vautageous situation in comparison with the corn-
growers of other countries. It was said t it a free
trade wood(' draW capital from agriculture to coin-
; meice-, but the accumulations' of commerce had a

natural tendency to seek that secnrity i i land
which land alone could afford thew. Laud de-

rived the greatest benefit from commerce. They
had-as yet no information as to the state of prices
on the. Continent. They ought to• know whe-
ther we could bear fOreign competition in our
own markets. Even at the present moment Cie
Irish onPorter could more than brave foreigit
conipetitiOn here ; for he .:ould afford to sell
cheaper than we could import it from Dant-
zic, flamburgh, and , Konig‘hurg. Notwith-
standing the large importations front
the agfteulture of this country had continued ,to
flourish. They had lately passed a Bill for the
allowing a freedom of exportation. This implied
that Elie farmers Of this country pqssessed the
power of bearing.coMpetition in foreign markets.
Yet 0y the mill now before the House it was im-
plied that our farmers could not bear foreign com-
petition in our own mar:“:ts. The Irish had
culiar advantages over the natives of this country :
they had no income tax and nu poor's rates. One
would think, therefore, that the perniitting
importation from Ireland would, ruin. the agri-
culture 'of Great Britain ; but yet it was found
that our agiicultore had been going on re-

gularlyincreasing. Ile Collit not thinly that this
limitation now wished for would be ultimately ad-
vantageous to the lauded interest ; for, if a free.
trade in grain were to he-allowed, it would lead.
to au improvement of otitz_general commerc.e.—
Ilk increase of et/111,11(1'ft would give rise to an
increase of national wealth, and consequently au
increase of population, which in the end would'
aff=ord an auditional encouragement to agriculture'.
This free trade would, dirt-el:ire, in 'reality, be
most beneficial to the landed interest. Where,
the effects of commerce were most seen in this
country, there the rents of land would be found
higher titan anywhere-else: It had horn said, that
it was of importancego us: tahave an independent
supply of grain. But could any other country
be averse to sending corn to the country which
abounded •most in capitid, and which possessed.
tile most valnahle articles for returning. cat'-
'goes? - Whenever this country wanted corn,
it had always been supplied with it, notwith-
standing that Most extraordinary confederacy which
we had lately witnessed. But nothing could
he more ill judged than to prevent an extension-
of trade foy the sake of an apprehension of a' mea-,
sure, W bleb, under circumstances the most fa-
vourable- for such an object, never could be:ac-
complished. A great: panic had' certainly seized
the agricultural part of the conn»unity, anti a
panic had'alSo wiied the commercial part. Com-
merce, as might have been. foreseen on the con-
clus,on of it peace, was seeking out new channels,
moch occasioned consikicralile einbarrasstnent
trade. Tiley were not, however, on that account
to endeavour to he., p ur. the'prices of our maim-
factires.; yet, by aparity of re:Ascii-ling, mannfac-
tures .-ere as well entitled to such assistance as
grain vats. Fur tliee reasons he should be glad
'to vole tor a Committee, it It were to sit merely
for the purpose of furr ishing theni with infor-
mation on the subject, and not to conieto any de-
-cision

fluSKlssox said; ercrv''*3il ject alluded to
by the Hon. Gen-dem:in would, ;Is the motion -was "
shaped, route before the Committee.; for the first
reference to that Committee was that of all the
I'e6tions on the .tirbie on the subject of the Corn
Liws. In some of these Petitions. the! freedom
or trade was surely introduced. He hoped, there.-
fore, that the lion. Gentleman would give his.
vote for the Committee. • He would state tile rea-
sons why he supported the present motion for a
Comtnittee., though neohjected-to the appointment
of a Committee on a tinnier occasion. Ile believed
now, as he did then, -that there was no probabi-
lity of any impcatation 'Of Corn- into this country
before.:-the next harvest. The only circumstance
which vatic(' his view, was that.of tie number Of
Petitions which had beta presented to Cie House.
The views of these Petitioners., even if founded in
misrepresentation, although they ought not to
duce any Kember to do that which-he-was not con-
vinced was just and proper, were still entitled to the
most. respect fid cousblerationof the House. , Al-
though the. Petitions were lb many iustalices the
result of malevolence and mistaken appeals to the
feelings of the people, they ought to he met by
temperate inquiry and the fullest investigation.
The circumstance of such a number of PetitionS,
therefore, afforded ii ground for those who were
favourable to the measttre,.to support the present
inquiry ; for the object of these Petitions was not
to make any alteraiiith in the Corn Laws, or Cr
make. noalteration in them, hofit I.ol;ther
With respect -to the encOuritgcment Which ought
to-- be afforded to the faqinieri it !liould he- con-
sicleNd that there vas now a great diminution in
the value of inone'!,,, and that the capital ne-
cessary for carrying oil
what
farming operations
most now be double- to it was before the
• %Var. The Noble Lord (Lord Arch. Hamilton)
deceived himself, therefore, if he thought that
things cittild return to what' they were before the
war; This was one of the most clangerous errors
which could be entertained. What was like to be
the permA neat. charge of this country; now that
the xvier was at••alt 'end The whole expence of
this country, including all our e!.itahlishments he-
fore the war, only amounted to 16 millions. Ire
could not -anticipate what part -of our present esta-
blishments would be now kept up ; brit whatever
they might be, he believed that our peace t;sta,
blishment must entail on us a—permanent charge
of nearer 69, than 50 millions. Would this pro-
duce no alteration in the money value of articles
When Gentlemen talked of tiie increased
.price or
bread, was lint every thing else raised'irrprapor-.
two,- and that not in con.equeuce of the. high
price of bread, but the -amount of taxation ? I.t
was iinpos'sible for the country to return fO the
. priee3.before'the war. it'had been said, that the
obvious' reonedy, was to lower the rents.- He had
not the good fortune to be a landholder, and.he
had no interest but that of the 1)111111c iil general
in view. The proportion of the 'gross proceed Of
land, which now came to the landlord, however it
might be represented in moneve was now much
less than it was in 1792. Previous to the war, in
a farm of Moderate eKtent, the- farmer considered
himself requited if he made three rents front it.
Bat it was necessary, in the ease of such a- farm
now, that the farmer should make at least five
rents to be enabled to go on. If even the whOle
rental of the country were remitted, it would be
• ilupossiole to return to the, prices before tt:e war.

Ilc was not afraid to declare that the people of
this country- noist not expect, he the law oi the
subject what it may, that, with our burthens, the
price of bread can evcr be less than double. w tat.
it was before the war. lifith respect .0 'the next
harvest, it was in the hands or Providei.cc, and he
trusted that it,would he as plentiful List ;
but in the year following this tip! farmer oaght to
!pow what chances he had of being Protected or
rnined ins the e!iterprizes in' which he was engaged.
With a view, therefore, to satisfy the opponents
of the measure, and also to give hopes tb the
agriculturist, he thoight it would be desirable to
proceed to the Committee.
Bito.Ani-tuesic saw no occasion for any in-
terference to protect the ,agricultural interest.
Competition caused the inanof,etorer to sie,sd his
articles' into the inurket at' the lowest rate, but
there was no such cause that operated on the land-
holder.

,Colonel WOOD thought there was protection
ne.cessaay for the glower of corn ; but if there
must be, some protection afforded hiat, let it he
on those kinds of grain tram which brtatd was
not produced. Let there be a tood prollibitiou as
to the importation of barley anti oats, and as to
wheat only when it reached a particular price.
- Sir aW. CURTIS was sorry to hear invidious
comparisons between the manufacturing and the
agricultural interests. f:e thought they were
best supported when the two stood together. He
thought the appointment Of a Committee a very
salutary proposition, and felt regret than the
House had Proceeded to such a length in the Bill
how before them, without having availed theta-
selves of the information which they were thence
likely ter derive. Why shoidd they now be pre-
tending to legislate, without knowing what the
rehl- price of any one thing winch they purposed
to regulate was ?
Mr. CANNING heartily concurred in the view of
the matter taken by the worthy Baronet (Curtis).
if the proposition of his fright Honourable Friend,
the Chancellor of the Exchequer, was meimt- to
serve as an instrument for, ultimately expediting'
the Bill now before the House, he (Mr. Cumin%)
should vote against the appointment of
though he-.-conlessed he should feel-greatly
embarrassed in doing so, as it must appear strange
ant of doors, that with such a mass of Petitions .
arr .their tahle, asking of them .not to proceed
without farther information on the subject, they
should wish to shut. their eves against such in-
formatitm as they could. obtain.- After the ex-,
planation, however, which his. Right Iloaour-
able Friend' had given on this subject, . and. after'
being told' that it was not meant to 'pledge
the House, to proceed- on ...the Report in the
course of the present. Session; unless there should
seem to be a- necessity fOr so doing, lie thought
.that sendiog the matter to a Colainittee was, pro-
bably, ',the most natural way of ,diiptasiug in the
subject. He was of opinion, however, that the'
way- Of wording the' Motion of the Chaucetlor
the Exchequer • was- objectimiable, in . as• far its it
went to have it supposed that every thing except-
the scale was settled—a thing ao which he Gould
by no means assent. He undoubtedly a tea that
theonly new circumstance itm the case. was thenn-
mense-numher of Petitions which had been pre-_
seined. But he asked, was hot that quite enoaaa---a
not indeed to throw the 'House round, ctil,t to
compel them to abandon a measure whieti
Were satisfied was highly beneficial to the collo-
try ; but to induce them to delay and see what
they could do to allay the alarms aud quiet
the agitated feelings Of the people ? LaSt year ,
=the- Committee appointed was a Cohnuittec to
consider the Petitioas Which had been presented
"on the subject of the importatioa and exportation
of Corn, and the duties on ne asaed,
should not. time House. adopt that precise Burnt
now, at least as to the importation of Corn ?. With
respect to the exportation Of Corn, oil that sub-
ject the Bill had already passed that House.. A
Report -coining from a Committee so apaohmted,
would have the effect of renroving all the-errors, •
if errors they, were, which tit present pervaded the,
)mblie mind, and of shelving that there Was-no
indisposition on-the part ()laic House to attend
eveo to exaggerated views of supposed errs,
when duly repreierited to them. These trite
views of this subyTt. He should be sorry to
move an Amendment-to 'the-int-Aim; of his Right
Hon. Friend, but' hoped he-would-consent to ge-
neralize the question. He would not go- the
length of asking of his Bight Hon. Frietid to
pledgeitimself that nothing should be done in the
matter dto ing.the present Session. That woold,
probably, be to ask too much of his Riabt
Friend ; but,, if. it should be understood that on
this point every one was- to he eoitleclaafter-a
wards;- to judge for himself, he (-Air. Canning)
should be perfectly satisfied. _
Sir J. NEWPORT snbantted, that the HI nise eras
called on to legislate on general principles, and
not to adopt a permanent system, on ha'al, fleet-
ing, cirCrunstances. To proceed now
to appoint a Committee would only be to keep the
public mind uselessly afloat. The greater part of
the Petitions now on the table,
,he was satisfied
had been poneured at the instigation of persons
interested in foreign Corn, for their own advan-
tage, without any reference whatever to the good
of the people, who hail, through misrepreseotation
and ignorance, been induced to put their mimes to
thetnL:--people whO were easily worked upon by
the cry of bread at 'sixpence the -qiiartern boat,
and who would.grasp, at an iminediate. relief of
that kind, though at the expence of paying 18d.
for it within the next eighteen months.
Mr:'.llarrtNo could hot bear to hear the great,
and, in. manrinstaucesarespectable body of Peti-
fionersnowbefore the Douse on the subject of
6e. Corn ['Jaws, treated iu so uudeserved a man-
na'. They we're said to be ignonint oi; the stkb.
jeer as.to which. they .had petitioned the Ilouse.
There was aowherea however, ke, ventured to af-
firm, more false information on this subject .to be
fowl(' than iii the learned papers which the Com-
mittee of hat year:had laid before the House in
their Report. All the Petitiotiers walited NV,:
not to see laws established which shinild cause them
to pay 'for their bread more than 'was ne.dessarv.
It was said that the Bill before the House would
be beneficial, in 113 tar as it would have the effect
Not' making the price of breed steady. aiNow, he
could not See that it would have tiiiS effect. Steady
prices were never produced by restriction. Apply

t!octrine of restriction to any true county in
tt:Jand, and it would be found that the doing
,to,yonld not have' the ellec of 'steadying the
prices is that particular minty ; on the cruvrary,
the bread wol,:ld be alternately high and low, ac-
cording c s thcre was a Eood or a bad harvest in'
that parti,7;llar spot, deprived, as it would be, of
intercourse- with the-t est of kingdom. As-the
whole of England was to any particular county in
England, in this re.,pect, such exactly was the
whole. of Europe as to nngland. The evident ef-
fect of testrictions of this 'kind was, that ingeni-
ous irti,,ans and mechanics would g. abroad, and
would settle where they could get cheap bread.—
His object was to .;et rid of the question entirely

1 I:is Session of Parliament, and it any propo-
sition %vas made to that effect, it should have his

4,:rpf,t

iqr, BARHAM was favourable to the proposed
, alteration in the-Corn Laws, as to Importation,
being. satisfied, that instead of raising the price of
Bread, it would have exactly the contrary effect.
He should vote against the Committee, because
be thought the best way was to abandon the mea-
sure,- when the people would soon become sen-
sible of what they had lost, and would find that
they themselves bail brought down the evil upon
their own heads-
Mr. P. MooRE thought the best mode of pro-
ceeding would he, according to the prayer of all.
the Petitions, to postpone the matter-till the next
Session of Parliament.
Lord ComrToN kipproved of the appointment of
the Committee, think lug it. essential that the
country shooM become independent of foreign aid
in so essential an article as that of Bread.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER agreed to
the alteration as to the wording of. his !notion,
suggested'hy Mr. Canning. If it could be sun-
posed that the motion, as he .proposed originally
to word it, coufd have the effect of fettering the.
Committee, that was a sufficient reason why it
ought to be altered. As to pledging himself t":at
the measure should not he again taken up during
the present Session, he could not consent to give
any pledge of the kind. Every Gentleman, how-
ever, would he at liberty to think as he pleased on
this part of the subject.
Sir C. MoNck was urprised to hear it contend-
ed, that die House had no information on the sub-
ject now under consideration. Had they not the
statute that bad been passed on the subject ?
and had they not all the quarterly average prices of
tho maritime districts as they had been published
quarterly ? Were they not all on the table ?
Mr. I;OCKHART was for the Committee, in hope
that • no measure would follow upon the subject
during the present Session of Parliament.
Mr. RosE would rather than the matter were
entirely postponed to the next Session, as there
might in the mean time be a change of circum-
stances. He should not oppose the Committee,
upon the understanding • that no farther step
should be taken during the present Session.
The gallery was then cleared for a division ;
but souse further discussion ensued before they
actually divided. Upon the division taking place,
the numbers were—
For the Committee

173

Against it 67
Strangers continued to be excluded from the
gallery ; but we understood, that upon the Order
of the ay being read for taking into further con-
sideration the Repoit of the Corn Laws,
The CHANCELLOR of the EX-CHEQUER moved,
That the said Report should be taken into further
consideration that day three creeks; and General.
GASCOIGNE moved, as an Amendment, That it

should he tulen into consideration that day six
, months ; upon which the House again divided,
when the numbers
Ayes ll6 Noes . 106
The Bill was, therefore, lost. •
The Highway bill was re-committed ; further
consideration of the Report that day se'nnight.
The Lottery Bill was read a third time, and
passed.

:Lord PALMERSTON postponed the Army Esti-
mates till Friday.
The other. Orders of the Day were then disposed of, when
the House adjourned at Half-past Twelve.

.*.Lr~ I I .~.

AftritvEn-1 France, I Holland, 1 Waterford. DiTE----1 Malta,
4 Gottenburgli, 1 Guernsey, 1 Jersey, 1 Dublin, 1 Nrater-
ford.

PRICE Oi
THIS IMY Al "111

rank Stock,
3 per Cent. Red. ou
s per Cent. Cons.
4 per Cent. Cons. 814 82
per Ct. Navy Ann. shut
•E. EYTON,
and

F STC (XS
wEr.vF
Bank Long Ann. IG
India Bonds, 7s. 94. pr.
Excheq. Bills, 2s. ss. pr.
Consols for duly, 681
Stock-Broker, No. 2, Cornhill,
No. 19, Coventry•-street.

tllGii WATF.R AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
Morning, 19 minutes after 5. Evening, 44 minutes after 5.

t IF SUN
A •

orfl3 DICERE PALSUM A UTPEAT ?

LONDON,
TTIESIIIY, JUNE 7, ISI4.

SUN-OFFICE, Two o'Cz.ocx.

FISHER, the Messenger, arrived in town this
Morning from Dover. The persons who embarked,
at eleven o'clock on Monday, in the Impregnable,
with the Emperor ALEXANDER, and King of PRUS-
SIA, were the Prince Royal of. PnusszA ; Prince
ILLIAM, the King's Son ; Prince WILLIAM,
his Brother ; Prince HENRY, his 'Brother ;
Prince FREDERICK, his Nephew ; Princ6
GUSTUS, his Cousin; Marshal BLUCHER ; Ba-
ron HUMBOLDT, his Chamberlain ; Count HAR-
DENEERG; Count tatsrdy- 4. Count BARCLAY DE
„
TOLLI ;, Count NESSELRODE ; Baron ANSTEL
Prince ADAM GARLDRISKE ; Dr. WYLIE, Physi-,
cian to the Enaperor I Lord CATHCART ; Sir C.
STEwART 5 COlonel Cooin; and Captain Wool,.
Their Majesties retired to rest between ten
and eleven.

The Duke a CLAREIICE had provided a mogul-

ficent
entertainment for his Illustrious Guests, of
Whi.Ch they almost universally partc►crk with great
conviviality; except the Emperor ALEXANDER,
whose prowess, so celebrated on land, did not
enable hint to- conquer the new element to which

he was exposed,
Fifty-five horses are in relay at each of the five
stages into which the route has been divided. •

" Now are our brows bound with victorious wreaths;
" Our bruised arms hung up for monuments;
" Our stern alarms are chang'd to merry meetings,
" Our dreadful marches to delightful measures:
" Grim-visag'd War has smooth'd his wrinkled front."

Tilt august Monarchs of RUSSIA and PausstA
will this afternoon enter the British Capital. They
arrived at Dover, yesterday, about half-past six
o'clock, and were landed from the impregnableman
of %vat- (a namesake of our Isle), under a Royal Sa-
lute from the batteries, 'which crown our dazzling
Cliffs.—Much of the World as these high Per-
sonages' base seen, we will venture 'to predict,
that their astonishment will bo unbounded, on
witnessing the wealth, the splendour, and the
majesty of Great Britain.
The Emperor •of RusszA, as we are informed
by letter, was to sleep. at Mr. FECTOR'S; the King.
Of PRUSSIA, with Prince HENRY Of PRUSSIA,
and the other Princes, at the York Hotel ;
Lord YARnotint, with all the General Officers,
&c. at the Ship Hotel. The troops were all
otkti- under arms, to receive our Illustrious Vi-
sitors, the guns manned, the ships with colours
flying, and the shore in such a state with the bus-
tle of preparation and crowd, that Dover never
before witnessed a sights° captivating and mag-

nificent.

By a Telegraphic message received at the Ad-
miralty this forenoon, we learn that their MA-
JESTIES were to leave Dover at 9 o'clock this
morning. The road is, we understand, crowded
to excess, and as the distance is 72 miles, we can
hardly expect their arrival much before 7 o'clock
this evening. Then will they enter London !—We
would recall no invidious comparisons, but can-
not help saying, it will be a ilaerent scene from
their last entrance into a Foreign Capital.
Avant Couriers are arriving every hour. The
PRINCE REGENT has ordered his carriages to be
sent to Shooter's-bill, to convey these August
Visitors to the Metropolis. •
The Kent-road,- and the streets about West-
minster, are airy filled with expectant mul-
titudes.

The Treaty of Peace was laid before Parliament
yesterday, and Lord CASTLEREAGH was received, in
passing to the House of Commons and in the
House, with that -warm tribute of applause due to
the great services he has rendered his Country.—
Some observations were made on the Article re-
lating to the Slave Trade, which were most satis-
factorily answered by the Noble Lord..

An extensive Naval promotion will take place,
and (as we believe) be announced in the Gazette
this evening. Thirty Post-Captains will be raised
to the rank of Rear-A,lmirals, 100 Lieutenants
will be made Commanders, and 200 Midshipmen
Lieutenants.

We congratulate our Naval Heroes on this just
acknowledgment of their valour and conduct
throughout this glorious• war.

A promotion, to a similar extent, will be made
in the Army. We• understand the- Commissions
are all dated iiith June, in honour of the Birth-
day of our beloved Monarch.

The amount 'of the Loan about to be contracted
for is not yet ascertained. Twenty-five Millions
for England, and five more for Ireland, it is sup-
posed, will be about the sum wanted. We have
only heard of two lists forming, that of Messrs.
BARNES, RICARDO, and Co. for the Stock Ex-
change ; and Messrs. BARING, ANGERSTEIN,
and Co.

We have French Papers to the sth. The Paris
nelTs has become very uninteresting. _

The Corn Bill, as we yesterday predicted it
-would be, has been lost in the House of Com-
mons ; lost, we hope, never more to be found.—
We have given the Debate upon this subject at
considerable length, because, though there was
little novelty in the arguments used on either side,
we are not aware of any political measure on the
issue of which the Population of the Country was
so deeply and so nearly interested. We, among
the other Opposers of the Bill, have been, in ra-
ther gross terms, accused of inflaming a popular de.
fusion respecting it : even Mr. WHITBREAD asserts
that arts have been used to excite the People. To
this_- we reply, that we are not in the habit
of either stirring up or countenancing popular
fermentation; and that if we were, still it needed
no arts to persuade the People of Great Britain,
that a quartern-loaf at nine-petree was better for
them than a quartern-loaf at fifteen-pence. 'ln
spite of the insinuations of his patriotic friends,

John Nil, stupid as they represent hitn, bas entie
enough to find out this .6ict without prompt-
But the accusation is utterly unfounded ;
.witness the account given by Mr: W. SMITH of
the Meeting at NorwiCh, which, for order,
regularity, respectability, loyalty, and number,
only resembled all the other petitioning Bodies
which have assembled from one end of the
kingdom to the other, to express their de-
cided but temperate opinion against this
Not one of these innumerable Meetings bad any
thing in common with the mob assemblies, to
which they have been so indecorously compared
by persons very conversant with the infamy of the
fatter. The Sense of the Country has been con-
stitutionally and properly expressed ; and,we re-
joice to observe, that it had its due weight, and
no more than its due weight, in the deliberations
of the House, and determination of last night—
that of inducing a pause, for the purppse of the
More mature investigation of a measure against
which so universal an apprehension prevailed in
the Country.
For Ourselves, we again profess to espouse the
cause of no party. Our sole object is the good
of the Nation; and Weshall be equally ready here-
after
to protect, to the utmost of our bumble abi-

iug.

lities, the,Agricultural against any encroachments

of the Commercial interests, as we have been
zealously anxious at this time to guard against
what we held to be the Unjustifiable .preten-
sions of the former. We want to have the
produce of both at a , cheap rate for the
People, and we know that Manufactures can-
not be cheap, either for home or foreign con-
sumption, if Corn is dear. We want to descend
(not with a rapidity that would, defeat our pur-
pose but) gradually, and in a ratio consistent
with the increased burthens of the Country, to a
sane and healthful state .of prices in the body po-
-litic, and not to be confirmed by Act of Parlia-.
ment, in the fever and delirium arising out of the
distempered state to which a dreadful struggle had
.brought us. Therefore we oppose the Perpetua-
tion of the Corn War Charges ; and the more, be-
cause-these. charges must have been the nu-
cleus of a similar perpetuation of the war
prices of merchandize of every kind. •It ,may
be that the Land-owner will not acquire such
," exorbitant rents," but he will be reimbursed
the deficiency by the general decrease of price in
every article of consumption. If he receives less,
he will conSequehtly have less to clothe
his family, purchase his carriages, travel, in fine,
experience at every turn a diminution of his ex-
penditure. Neither ought we to lose sight of
the signal advantage this circumstance will confer f

on our competition in manufactures in the
Foreign markets—and on the prosperity of our
trade, no one is so blind as:to deny, the well-being
of our agriculture mainly depends. Our superla-
tive machinery and our stupendous capital may do
much ; but without the aid of moderate prices of
hand anti (consequently) labour at honie, foreigners
would meet us in a dangerous rivalry-r-with this
aid we will beat them at their own doors, and
their goods will have no more chance with ours
than, in a Cattle Market, hacks, for the food of
hounds, would have.with 'tkorough-bred hunteri !
We would say more on this point, but have only
room to refer, which we do with pleasure, to the

sentiments expressed by Mr. CANNING, Mr. PHI-
LIPS, Mr. BARING, and others, which have our
most unqualified approbation.

Yesterday the PRINCE REGENT held a -Court at
Carlton-house, which was attended by most of
the Ministers and Officers of State. His Royal
Highness afterwards held a Privy Council, at
which the Proclamation of Peace was ordered to
be issued.

Dinner is ordered forie-ren o'clock, at Pulteney
Hotel,-for the Emperor of RUSSIA, and at Cla.-
rence House for thelc.ing of•PßussrA.
Thc-brave General Ho.r, Lord Niddry, has ar-
rived in England.
The QUEEN and some of the PRINCESSES are
expected in town to-day.
Yesterday the Prince of MECKLENBURGIT, ac-
companied by Colonel STEPHENSON, 'visited the
Duke and Duchess of YORK ; the Princess CHAR-
LOTTE ; the Dukes of KENT, SussEx, and GLOU-,
CESTER ; the Princess Soi,HrA Of GLOUCESTER ;
the Duchess of - OLDENBURGH, Lord CASTLE-
REAGH, &c.

Yesterday the Prince Royal of BAVARIA visited
the Princess CHARLOTTE.

The Duchess of 'YORK has been indisposed for
some days past. Yesterday her Royal Highness
took an airing in her carriage, and called upon
the Duchess of OLDENBURGH, at Pulteney Hotel.
A Brazil Mail arrived yesterday, which we
have accounts from Rio Janeiro to the Bth of
April. A French frigate had appeared off Rio
Janeiro, and the British line of battle ship on that
station had gone in pursuit of her.—Advices from
'Buenos Ayres by the same opportunity mention,
that the Revolutions had driven the'Montevideans
from ColOna. Some naval conflicts had taken
place between -the ships of Buenos Ayres and
Monte Video., near Colona, when several Officers
of the Royalists were killed, and a few of their
vessels lost.

We lament to say that Lord WALSINGtIAM is
mast dangerously ill.
