PUBLIC ENTRY OF MR. BULWER.

Never before, on any occasion, was there such a " gather
ing of the people. The main street was filled for a mile
and a half by one dense mass of human beings; and it is
calculated there could not he less than 15,000 people
present. Mr. Bulwer arrived at the great Bat-gates at
eight o'clock in the evening : the horses were immediately
taken from his carriage, ropes were attached, and the
vehicle was drawn forward by the people. We regret to
state that a stone was thrown by a party near the Sara-
cen's Head at Mr. Bulwer, it happily missed that gentle-
man, but unfortunately struck Mr. Luadon, his agent.
Mr. Believer after having been drawn in triumph through
the town, alighted at the Rein Deer Inn, and from a
window addressed the electors as follows : —" Gentlemen,
I am really at a loss to express the deep and cordial grati-
tude I feel fur the very fl.ttering and unexpected recep-
tion you have given me.—(Cheers.) I feel that although
we meet for the first time, we are not altogether strangers;
and why ? because we are united in the great question of
Reform, because we are united by a sort of free masunry,
because we have fought in the same battle and shared in
the same triumph.—(Loud cheering.) lf, gentlemen, I
have not presented myself to you before,—if I have suf-
fered Mr. Heneage to be first in the field to solicit your
votes, it is not from any disrespect to you—it is be-
cause I was at my duty—at my post in Parliament—
it is because the night before last I brought
forward a motion against the taxes upon knowledge—
(Laud cheers)—for as you have now in your own hands
the means of cheap Government you should have also in
your hands the means of cheap knowledge.--(Cheers.) I
am happy to say that that question has so far advanced, that,
although it was not agreed to at that moment, it is certain
of speedy success. It was not agreed to at that moment
because there are always some people who say that it is
never the exact time to do any thing that is for the good
of the people. It is always the time to tax the people
—(Cheers)—it is always the time to send special Com-
missions amongst the people—(Cheers)—hut it is never
the time to take off a tax from the people—(Cheers)—it
is never the time, with some, to pass a law that shall
ask every candidate whether he is disposed to assist to
benefit the people in the diffusion of cheap knowledge.—
(Loud cheers.) You would never have got Reform, if
you had not insisted upon it that the time was come when
Reform should be granted.—(Loud cheers.) So is it with
all other questions—take, for instance, the question of West
India Slavery. For 24 years it has been allowed in Par-
liament, by men of all persuasions, that slavery was bad
in itself; but for 24 years, session after session, nothing
has been done to remove it.—(Cheers.) Why ? Because
it was not the moment. I say, then, the next representa-
tives whom you return, tell them that this shall be the
moment to relieve it.—(Cheers.) There are three of us now
in the field. In the first place, there is Mr. Heneage, the
Ref, rmer ; in the second place, there is Colonel Sibthorpe,
the Anti-Refortner.—(Loud cheers, and uproar, from
the Pinks.) I said, in the second place, there was
Colonel Sibthorpe, the Anti-Reformer, but you will
at the proper time take care that he is not in the second
place.—(Loud cheering and uproar from the Pinks, se -
vet al of whom shouted, " You're a liar." Near a
desperate row ensued between the parties, the Blues pur-
sued the Pinks into the Saracen's Head-hard, the gates
were closed but burst open, and the party ultimately dis-
persed. Several missiles were thrown, and the windows
of the Saracen's Head again were broken.)
Mr. BULWER earnestly entreated his friends to remain
peaceable, and, after several other observations, concluded
an eloquent speech. He retired amidst tremendous
chereing.
Mr. LOADER and Mr. HactliNs also addressed the
electors.

Ii seas eleven o'clock before the proceedings terminated,
and the immense a.sembly dispersed. It is feared that
unless Colonel Sibthorpe and his brother, the Rev.
Humphrey Sibthorpe, use some means to quell the tur-
bulent spirit of their partizans and disband their bludgeon
men, a desperate recontre will ensue before the proceed.
ings are closed. The Blues, who consist of the most re-
spectable class of people conduct themselves with admi-
rable forbearance.

The REFORMERS of BUCKS, and the DUKE

of BUCKINGHAM and CHANDOS.

Mr. Thomas Dell made an application to Messrs. Cross
and Curtis, for permission to use the market house and
square for the Reformers' dinner. This leave the lessees
conceived not to be in their power to grant, and conse-
quetly wrote to the Lord of the Manor on the subject, and
received the following reply from his Grace on Friday
morning :
" TO MESSRS. CURTIS AND CROSS, AYLESBURY.
" Abingdon, June 13.

" GENTLEMEN,.—I am much obliged to you for your at-
tention in communicating to me the letter which you
have received from Mr. Thomas Dell, requesting you to
give up the use of the market-square and house, for the
purpose of giving a dinner to the poor of the parish of
Aylesbury, to celebrate the ' Triumph of Reform.' In fact,
your powers, derived from me as Lord of the Manor, do
not extend to your compliance with Mr. Dell'a rrquest,
even it you were inclined to do so. You are only lease,
of the tolls of the market, but you have no authority to
appropiate or to convert the market-square or house to
any other purpose, except that of holding markets and
fairs, established by law. The application from Mr. Dell
ought to have been made to me, as Lord of the Manor of
Aylesbury. In order, however, that no unnecessary delay
should take place, in consequence of that gentleman hav-
ing erroneously addressed himself to you, I authorise you
to inform him, that I decline giving up the market-square
and house, or either of them, for the purpose mentioned
in his letter to you ; and for this reason—viz. that the
object proposed is to express an opinion, and assemble a
great concourse of people for the purpose of expressing an
opinion,
.upon a political question tipon which a great
difference of sentiment exists, and which proceeding can-
not take place in the centre of the town without manifest
danger to the public peace ; I, therefore, hold you respon-
sible, that no such proceeding is held upon, or in, the
market-square or house ; and desire that you will apply,
if necessary, to the civil authorities of the town of Aylts-
bury, for legal means to enable you to prevent it.
" I am, gentlemen, with great respect, yours, truly,
" BUCKINGHAM AND CHANDOS."
