ACCOUNTS FROM THE THEATRE OF

WAR.

REPORT OF THE OPERATIONS BEFORE SHIJMLA, FROM THE
6TH (1511 I) TO THE 9TH (21ST) OF SEPTEMBER.
BERLIN, OCT. 12.—Our position before Shumla
is the same, without any alteration. On the 18th
one of our detachments, which was obliged to forage
in Jenibazar and the neighbouring villages, was at-
tacked by a body of 3,000 of the enemy, which had
come from Shumla by a hollow way of the Balkan,
which passes by Imadava, and falls into the road from
Jenibazar to Koludschi. The troops which protected
our train repulsed the enemy's cavalry
,with loss,
which then threw itself into the valley in which the
foragers were, under the protection of a company of
the 31st Regiment of Yagers, commanded by Capt.
Izygmaew and I.ieut. Nekrosow. They immediately.
formed a square, and the summons of the Turks to
surrender was answered by a brisk fire, without the
loss of a single man. The attacks of this body of
3,000 men were repidsed till the arrival of a rein-
forcement of two companies, which compelled the
Mussulmans to retreat.- To prevent similar attacks
in fame, the corps cotraamded by Major-General
Poncet has occupied all the points of which the
Turks might avail themselves to make sallies towards
Jenibazar or Koludschi. Patrols traverse the woods
in the vicinity of the Balkan, but without meeting
with the enemy.

(REPORT 01 THE OPERATIONS BEFORE VARNA TO THE
11115 (23D) OF SEPTEMBER.)
The works of the besiegers continue to advance
with the help of two gabions. We have got an en-
trance into a ditch adjoining a battery of eight
24-pounders, which is designed to effect a breach
between the Ist and 2d bastions of the North side of
the fortress towards the sea, and has not failed in its
effect; part of the fortifications have been overthrown.
(ACCOUNTS OF THE OPERATIONS BEFORE SILISTRIA, FROM
THE 8111 (21ST) TO THE 16th (28TH) AUGUST.
As the coulier despatched with the report of the
advantages gained by Gen. Roth was intercepted, we
could not communicate sooner the account of the en-
gagement before Silistria.
After General Roth had in the night of the 20th
Of August erected a battery of 20-pounders before
the centre of his position, and oil the- 9th (2180 le-
pulsed a vigorous sally, and" on the:l lth and 12th
(23d and 24th) taken considerable droves of oxen
and horses, almost under the walls of the fortress;
the detachments of casalry and infantry which pro-
tected these herds being dispersed by our Humans and
Cossacks, he resolved to take possession on the night
of the 13th T2.sth) of the height before his left
wing. The enemy had intrenched himself on these
heights, and justly esteemed the possession of them
to be of great importance. Col. Szamutow, who di-
rected the attack, executed it successfully at midnight.
A battalion of. infantry attacked the enemy's en-
trenchments in front, and two squadrons of Hulans
in the rear, and carried them in a few minutes, and
maintained their position in them. At day-break a
column of the enemy endeavoured to drive us out
of the entrenchments, but was repulsed with loss ;
soon a second column appeared, and succeeded in
penetrating to the heights occupied by us, but it
was repulsed by two squadrons of the Hulans of
Petersburgh and Charcow; lastly, a division of
3,000 men made a third attempt to recover the in-
trenchments, attacking us vigorously with five field-
pieces, supported by the guns of the fortress. The
enemy reached the heights defended by us, but AVaS
Po warmly received by our battery, which General
Roth had directed against the enemy's right wing,
that being pressed in front by our infantry, in flank
by the Hulans, and in the rear by four companies
of infantry, be was forced to take flight, and our
troops pursued to the walls of the fortress, the gates
of which were closed against the fugitives, the
enemy fearing that we should enter with them into
the foPtress.
The Turks left 600 dead in the field ; we had 72
killed, and 312 wounded; among the latter are Co-
lonels Szamutow and Awiet, of the Petersburgh
and Charcow Hulans. )General Roth bestows the
highest commendations on both these officers.—
Prussian States Gazette, Oct. 12:
TRIESTE, OCT. etters from Otranto say that
the second division of the French expedition had ar-
rived on the coast of the Morel, and sailed first
towards Modon, but afterwards towards potrac_
Since that the most conflicting accounts have been
spread respecting the destination of the French ex-.
pedition, and the designs of the English squadron,,
which are so improbable that we must hesitate to
credit them. Among other things, it -is said that
Admiral Malcolm would not allow the French troops
of the second division to land.
VIENNA, OCT. 7.—This afternoon our Exchange
was in great agitation ; the Funds fell immediately,
though the real cause was not known. Various
reports were of course alleged. Some said that the
Russians had resumed their old positions before
Shumla; according to others they had been driven
back there with the loss of their artillery. Lastly,
that it was affirmed that a breach between France
and England was unavoidable, and that a commer-
cial express-from Paris had brought communications
on this subject, which authorised the greatest ap-
prehensions. It seems that nothing official has been
received from the theatre of war. We still look for
the news of the taking of Varna.
Metalliques, 94 1-16th ; Bank Shares, I,oB2—in
the Evening, 1,076.--Auger Zeitung, Oct. 12.
BRUSSELS, OCT. 17.
Preparations are making
for the opening of the States-General on the -20th
inst.

From the preparations making, anti the ex-
wctations formed, at the Prince of Cuat ERLA n's residence,
Kew Green, is is calculated that the young Prince, acconi-
puled by his Royal parents, will revisit that pl Ice is the
course of a month or two. When the Prince of cumhzn_
LArin and his father left this country, it was arranged that
they should return in about four months.
The new quarterly review which is about to
appear, edited by the Rev. BLANCO Wfirrk.:, we under-
,tend, to be entitled the London Review. The publica-
tion of the first number will, it is expected, take place early
in January.
ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY.--Saturday a
ritneral Meeting was called of the Members of the Surrey
Auxiliary Anti-Slavery society, fix the purpose of sub-
mitting to the:r notice a petition to both Houses of Parla-
ment, that had been drawn up by the Committee. The
Meeting was held at the Spread Eagle Inn, Epsom, and a
little after one o'clock, J. WILSON, Esq. was unanimously
called to the Chair. The Meeting chiefly c.nsieted (of
ladies, and was hi6hly respectable.

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
Morning ...I!) minutes after 0. Evening-47 minutes after 0.

rbr

LONDON.
MONDAY EVENING, OCTOBER 20, 1828.

The public will recollect that latterly there bad
been much surprise and indignation manifested
at the frequent miscarriage of letters sent to
Paris through the Post-effice, with remittances
in money and bills. As the loss had become
serious, the strictest investigation IA as set on foot,
but without any satisfactory clue to the depre-
dators, who exercised a singular vigilance in

escaping detection. However, very recently,
some letters with remittances were lost in such
an extraordinary way as to puzzle inquiry. No
one could discover the ►nears by which they
were abstracted from the Post, till at length
suspicion fell upon those in the most confiden-
tial departments, when the culprit was detected

in the person of the Count de MALLARME.
He was high in the Administration des Posies
at Paris, of which the Marquis de VAULCHIER
is Director-General, and very lately defended
the honour of the Post-office with great warmth,
if not indignation, at the imputations cast upon
the inviolability of the department under his care.
We, of course, acquit the Noble Marquis of all
knowledge of the nefarious transactions carried on
by men whose rank in life and station in the
department placed their honour above suspicion ;
but the Count de MALLARME wai actually taken
with seveniettos in his pocket—each containing
remittances ! This discovery has naturally created
an indescribable sensation. But the Count's life
is safe. By the French law, the crime is not
capital, as in England. The punishment there
is condemnation to the galleys for life. A Peer
of France sent to the galleys will be rare news
for the Parisians.

Hamburgh Papers of the 15th inst. have been
received. An article dated Berlin attributes
many of the accounts in the Allgemeine Zeitung
about the disasters of the Russians, as emanat-

This

ing from Stock-jobbing speculators.
is not at all unlikely—for the campaign set out
with a stock-jobbing propensity. The Russians
gained a great battle before they saw a Turk.
Letters from the Russian head-quarters before
Varna of the 25th September, being two days
later than the previous accounts, contain no
news. What are the Russians about?

H ILMANSTA DT, SEPT. 25.

Accounts from Widdin, of the 22d instant ,say that ten
Lhousand fresh troops, uader the command of the Pacha
Omer Vrione, of Salonichi, had arrived. These accounts
pretend that the Seraskier of Widdin has received orders
from the Sultan to collect his whole force (which, with the
usual oriental exaggeration, is stated at 60,000 men), and
to enter Little Wallachia ; 12,000 men, it is added, oc-
cupied the position of Kalefat immediately after the receipt
of the Sultan's firman. This news has caused great alarm
among the inhabitants of Little Wallachia; but it was
hoped that General Geismar, with his corps, which had
been reinforced, would be able to check the desolating in-
cursions of the Turks.

M 12.
The reports dated frona Vienna andZERLIN,
BucharOest, of the
disasters of the Russians, published in the .Allgenteine
Zeitung, are considered for the most part to be stock-job-
biug speculations.

OCT 13.
Letters from the Russian head-quartersMERLIN,
before.
of 25th Sept., contain no news.

COPENHAGEN, OCT. 11.
The exportation of corn from Denmark to England has
been much more inconsiderable thisiear than the preceding.
His Royal Highness Prince Frederick Charles Christian
is to arrive here on the 25th inst., and the marriage is to
take place on the Ist of November.

STOCKHOLM, ocT. 7.
Baron Von Edelcreutz died yesterday, in the 68th year of
.s age.
It is underitood that the contribution usually levied for
:he dowry of the Princesses will not be required on the
present occasion.

The French Papers contain nu news from the
East ; but the Gazette de France conjures up a
host of evils likely to befal the Russian armies,
if they have not already destroyed them. There
is some probability, however, in these lucubra-
tions, but they do not possess much novelty.
Speculation has almost said its worst with re-
spect to the fate of the Russians, aid the
inconsiderate character of the whole war, which
is generally described not su much a war of
intrepid success on the part of the Turks, as
a tissue of mismanagement and ridiculous
boast on the part of the Imperial Proles-

sor of Moderation, who must now learn to
put into practice a lesson which he has only
hitherto deigned to profess. But Kings can-
not controul their destiny any more than humble
individuals—and NICHOLAS will no doubt now
be glad to adopt the creed of the Turks, by
attributing all his reverses to the strong
hand of destiny. But let him take Varna, and
his character will not be altogether lost, although
the roost part of his army may. If he fail at
Varna, we will not envy his meditations, even
though they be Imperial.

Dutch and German Papers have been received.
IBRAHIM PACHA has at length quitted the
scene of his devastations, and sailed for Alexan-

dria: --

HAARLEM, OCT. 18.
The Haarlem Courant, after giving the official Rus-
sian bulletin of the corps before Silistria to 28th August,
from the Prussian State Gazette, observes, "As no
later news than of 28th August from Silistria had been
received at the head-quarters before Varna on 23d Sep-
tember, it is to be apprehended that the communication is
again interrupted, and we are therefore still in uncertainty
respecting the unfavourable accounts from Bucharest, of
the salty said to have been made by the garrison of Silistria
on the 15th September."

The Amsterdam Courant observes on the bulletins,
" Our readers will perceive that there is an interval be-
tween the above bulletins and the last preceding, published
in the Prussian State Gazette. The preceding were
from Shumla, dated the 13th, and from Varna the 17th
September. The present resume the accounts of the events
befiwe the first place on the 18th, and date the bulletin of the
siege of Varna on the 23d. It is possible that the change
in the-way _by which the bulletins are sent (as the news-
papers have announced, they are to go to St. Petersburgh)
may have have caused some delay on the receipt of one
bulletin, and that we shall receive it in the sequel."
The Emperor of Austria has given permission to Prince
Gustavus to wear the Grand Cross of the Order of the
Netherlands Lion. It seems that no time is yet fixed for
the marriage of that Prince with her Royal Highness the
Princess Marianne, though it has been reported that it
was to take place on the 10th November next.

ST. PETEASBURGII, OCT. 2 AND 4.

The St. Petersburgh Journals contain no news what-
ever frem the theatre of war. Te Deunt was performed
on the Ist Oct. for the successes of General Paskewitsch

in Asia.

ODESSA, SEPT. 27.

Several vessels laden with provisions sailed yesterday
from this port for Kovarna. Hardly any business is doing
here, there is little demand for corn.

CRAJOVA, SErT. 22.
The Russians have again taken their position at Czoroi,
and the Turks, though they have received reinforcements
from Widdin, have remained on the defensive since the last
incursion.

TRIESTE, OCT. 4.
Letters from Corfu of Sept. 20, say that lbrahi►n Paella
has at length sailed for Alexandria.
VIENNA, OCT. B.—Metalliques, 944 ; Bank Shares,
1072.

In another column will be found some extracts
from the Berlin Gazette, touching the operations
by'ore Shumla, Varna, and Silistria. 'Varna had
surrendered or been stormed on the 23d Sept.
from which we may infer that the garrison was
very strong, or the besiegers too weak to risk an
assault. There is evidently a strange contradic-
tion between the accounts in the Berlin Gazette
and those received through other channels. The
safest plan will probably be to consider both as
highly coloured or too partial. We look for the
fate of Varna being decided by every post.

The price of Corn has again cousiderab.

fallen in Mark-lane, and much of the alarm ex-
pressed for the insufficiency of the harvest has

now abated. What contributed to the fear of a
scarcity was the fact, that the harvest in France
was below the expectations of the public, in con-
sequence of which the price rose. But we have
reason to thank that the alarm and price will both
subside there as well as here, for several brigs
under Russian colours have arrived in Calais
within these few days, laden with wheat from
Russia, by order of the French Government.

It will prove a seasonable supply, for prices were
getting up before their arrival. Ten cargoes
landed in Calais.

Our Paper this day contains ample details of
the arrest of Mr. LAWLESS, and other news
from Ireland. The arrest of Mr. LAW-
LESS was the most inconsiderate thing which

the Government could have done. If he was
guilty he ought to have been arrested long
before, and this step note only proves that the
Government had formerly neglected their duty,
and are now too late in performing it. They
have erred doubly, first by omission, and secondly
by commission, but we have not room for comment.

We are much concerned to state that the fever
at Gibraltar has assumed an alarming appearance.
Letters and Papers from thence have been re-
ceived, of the 29th ult. inclusive, which men-
tion that up to this date the cases from the
commencement amounted to 1131, and the
deaths to 195.

On the 26th of Sept., the number of easesadmitted, 77 ;
deaths, 12.

On the 27th, admissions, 100; deaths, 13.

On the 28th, admissions, 86; deaths, 16.

And on the 29th, admissions, 109; deaths, 17.
One letter we have seen states the cases to
exceed 100 each day, and the deaths 30. The
wind had continued from the eastward, with
foggy cloudy weather ; but on the 29th it was
from S.S.W., clear, with slight showers—a more
favourable quarter.

It is said the Duke of WELLINGTON is in
treaty for the beautiful estates called Wolverton Park and
Ewburst, comprising upwards of 6,000 acres.—Sheffield
Mercury.

The character of the country is felt to be at
stake ; and every lever of independence and toleration,
every enemy to oppression, selfishness, and arbitrary prin-
ciples, feels it his duty to attend On that day of trial, and
put, down these bigotted and tyrannic " Ilrunswiekers,"
who have en often endeavoured to annihilate the liberties of
tlieir counlryinen. It is seen to be not a question of doc-
trine between Catholic and Prot,stant, but of freedom
against slavery, of liberality against despotism—the men of
Kent never hesitate betnee❑ these, where they have a fair
field fur the declaration of their sentiments. The Tories
may triumph in a " Hole and Corner business;" but on
Penenden Heath, the Liberals, the old "Blues," the Inde-
pendents, will carry the day.—Morning Chronicle.

is in
O'GoßmANAllot,: pursuit of Lord
Massy, in consequence of the outrage offered to Mr.
STEELE, at the late meeting of the Brunswick Club in
Limerick.—Dublin Freeman's Journal.

THE FUNDS.--(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWITLVE 0' CLOCK.

The general business in the English Funds has
not been important this morning. Consols opened
at 85i, rat her buyers, but immediately became sellers ;
a slight reaction afterwards took place, and for a
moment they rallied to 86, buyers, for account, but
may now be fairly quoteukat their first price. India
Bonds are 84 6 ; and Exchequer Bills, 75 6 pm.
In the Foreign Funds scarce a bargain has hitherto
been done, and the market has been little attended
to, neither have prices varied to any extent since
Saturday ; Russian Bonds are 92 1 ; Portuguese,
56 3; and Danish, 60i 1h; Colombian and Peru-
vian are fast approximating to each other in price,
the former being 183 19, the latter, 163 173; Greek
Bonds, 17-ii 181.
In Shares Imperial Brazilian Mines are improved
to 52 4 pm., notwithstanding the last accounts from
this undertaking have been rather unfavourable that].
otherwise. The following impromptu has been wade
and exhibited in the Foreign market upon a gentle-
man who WEN a steady and strenuous supporter of
the original Brazilian Mining Share company, but
who has since been found on the sly to be trans-
ferring his affections to the National Brazilian, which
has afforded some amusement to the wags.
Oh, strange! Oh, strange ! Oh, wondrous strange !
But no more strange than true ;
At last I've sold my old Brazil,
And want to buy the new.

It has been an old saying, second thoughts are best,
and probably this is the cause for the party changing
his opinion.
Three per Cent. Consols, 854 ; Ditto, for the Account,
846; India Bonds, 84 6 pm.; Exchequer Bills, 75 6 pm.
FORElGN.—Brazilian, 621 Buenos Ayres, 47 8;
Chilian, 27 8 ; Colombian, 18i 19 ; Danish, 601 14;
Greek, 17i 151 ; Mexican, Six per Cent., 374 84 ; Pe-
ruvian, 16i 17-1-; Portuguese, 56 A- ; Russian, 92 11
Spanish, 11i

_
MINES. —Anglo Mexican, 70 671 dis. ; Brazilian, 52
51. pm. ; Colombian, 7 6 dis. ; United Mexican, 20 19 dis.

TWO O'CLOCK
Consols for Account reached, for the second time
to-day, 86, buyers; and again are 85i 86.
Scarce any thing is doing, and the attendance at the
House is very small. Exchequer Bills arc rather
lower, and 81 85 prem.

THREE 0' CL 0 Ch.
Consols for Account, 85i 86.

RECEIVER OF BROKERS' RENTS FOR

THE CITY.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Sta,—Permit me to notice in your independent Journal
a snug little canvass,! now going on in the City, to elect
a " Receiver of Brokers' Rents," in the hope that it may
attract the attention of sonic gentleman, who may have
the power, as well as the spirit, to resist successfully a
gross violation of one of the standing orders of the Court
of Common Council, merely to let into the emoluments of
office one of that Honourable Court, in preference to any
one of its Constituents not disqualified by a specific regu-
lation to the duties of it. The Standing Order to which
1 allude beras date 26th November, 1796.
" WATSON, Mayor,—That no person, who is a mem-
ber of the Court, or has been so within three calendar
months of the day fixed for the election to any office or
place in the gift or appointment of the Court, shall be
eligible to be a candidate."

Yet I find, in the teeth of this salutary measure, passed
no doubt to uphold the dignity and integrity of the Court
of Common Council, live of the Members of that Court
have issued, in their own names, a circular strongly re-
commending to the Aldermen and Common Council one of
their own Body to be Receiver of Brokers' Rents, and there
is every reason to believe the job will succeed, if not
counteracted in time by others, who may be more willing
to protect] the rights and privileges of their Constituents.

If nothing but fair play be- intended, why delay the
election till some scheme be devised to qualify the favourite
Candidate for Office, either by influencing the Committee
not to report on the accounts of the late Receiver until
three months after next St. Thomas's Day (knowing a
Member of the Common Council cannot resign) or to
prevail on the Court to " get rid of the standing order al-
together," as a comfortable assurance to their Fellow-
Citizens that" whenever a good thing is to be given away
the Donors will take care that the Receiver shall be one a
themselves."—l am, Sir, yours, &e.
City, Oct. 18

CMS.

MR. GEORGE ROBERT DAWSON.-It is
with pleasure we announce that this gentleman, (brother-
in-law to Mr. PEEL) has within these few weeks declared
openly his decided conviction of the absolute necessity of
granting (and immediately granting) Roman Catholic
Emancipation. He has)eft the country for London.--
Freeman's Journal.

THE KENT MEETING.---An immense sen-
sation pervades the country respecting the approaching
meeting. The Brunswickers ate trying every expedient to
meet the spontaneous opposition to their illiberal attempt,
which developer itself in all quarters. We never remem-
ber public feeling more alive than on the present occasion.
Morning Paper.

BRUNSWICK CLUB.—At a late meeting of
the Armagh Brunswickers, a Rev. Doctor 'yclept MILLER,
held forth tit considerable length on the impolicy of grant-
ing concessions, and all that, to the Papists. Among a
variety of books brought forward on the occasion the Doc-
tor quoted one of his own lectures, which, in point of style
and intellect, bore a beautiful analogy to his speech ; both
were, we need scarcely add, intelligible only to himself.
Another Rev. Doctor also, bight ROBINSON, was parti-
cularly noisy; he talked "of the ruffians who govern the
Popish population of Ireland,' and made use of other
phrases equally meek and amiable.

BRUNSWICK CLUBS.---Notwithstanding the
vapourings and threats of the " Cheshire Whigs," we are
happy to perceive that the establishment of a Brunswick
Club in this county is coe6dently talked of. That distinguish-
ed nobleman Lord KILMOREY is expected to take the lead in
this patriotic work, and under his patronage we hope soon
to see an assembly of " Brunswickers" worthy of this im-
portant county. • A Brunswick Club is also about to be
established in Stockport; and indeed all over the country
the spirit of the people appears to he roused in defence of
our glorious Cor.stittition.—Macclesfield Courier.
THE ARMY IN TIPPERARY.—We under-
stand the Military in Tipperary are kept constantly on the
alert; for instance—a company or companies will be or-
dered to march from Clonmel, or any other town at day-
light in the morning, they proceeded to a village seven,
eight, or ten miles distance, where they arrive at an early
hour in the forenoon, rest there that day, and are billeted
in the town at night, from whence they again start at an
early hour in the morning for same other village, where
they arrive that day, and proceed again next morning, thus
keeping up a constant display of military force, and show-
ing the people that the Army is ready at a moment's no-
tice. No small detachmetits—that is, any number under
a company, are now left in any town or village in the
South.—Dublin Freeman's Journal.

EAST INDIA SILK SALP.—This morning
the East India Company's sale of Bengal and other Raw
Silks commenced at the India House. The quantity of
Company's goods declared for sale is 2100 bales, being less
by SOO bales than the previous sales for the last twelve
months. Besides these, there are also about 900 bales
of Bengal, China, and Persian private trade silks, to be
offered. It way rather expected that the subsequent decla-
ration would be no greater than the present, but the stock
of silks in the Company's hands has recently been aug-
mented by tlo, arrival. of nearly 1000 bales. The at-
tendance of brokers, throwsters, and 'others connected with
the trade, was very full this morning ; and an expectation
was indulged that the last sale prices would not be main-
sta.iilene:p9ened with much animation,
deprtment in almost all parts of the country. The
a
owing to the present dull state of the manufac-
turing
and fine Bengals are
realizing.from 16s. to 225. per lb., which is touch about
the same as at last sale. Front the very numerous at-
tendance, and the energy evinced to buy, it is thought
likely that the result of the sale (which will not close for
some days, will be a further advance in prices.
The carpet trade, which is carried on to a very
great extent in Bannockburn and Stirling, is at present un-
usually brisk, and with the manufacture of tartans, gives
employment to upwards of a thousand weavers. Common
Scottish carpetings form the principal part of the manu-
facture, but there are large quantities of Brussels carpetings
also produced.— Glasgow Chronicle.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.)

FROM LLOYD'S.

DEAL, OCT. 18 and 19.—Wind E.S.E. to S.E.—
The outward-bound have sailed. Arrived the Ada,
Friend, from Demerara; Doncaster, Middleton, from

New South Wales; and Margaret and Ann, from
Malta.

PoßTsmoum, Our. 19.—Wind E.S.E.-.—Arrived
the Holiness, Brown, from Memel; Britannia, Hill;
and John and Ann, Wardropper, from Cadiz.
FALmount, OCT. 17 and 18.—Wind N. to N.N.E.
—Sailed the Duke of Kent packet, for Lisbon ; and
Rinaldo packet, for St. Domingo, Jamaica, &c.
COWES, OCT. 18.---Arrived the George and
William Nicholson, from the Cape of Good Hope,
sailed the 2d of August.
.PLYMOUTH, OCT. 17.---Arrived the Valiant,
Walker, from Memel.
CREEK, OCT. 18.—Arrived the Arna, Scales,
from Gibraltar.

DUBLIN, OCT. 18.--Wind S.—Arrived the Mary
Ann, Waters, from Gibraltar; and Commerce, Smith,
from Cadiz.

HULL, OCT. 18.—Arrived the Gilder, M'Kenzie ;
Isabella, Humphrey; and William, Torr, from Davis'
Straits.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.-(THIS DAY.)

VICE-CHANCELLOR'S COURT.

EX-PAItTE ELSEE, IN THE MATTER OF JOYNER.

Further arguments were heard upon this petition,
which is likely to occupy the Court during the en-
tire day.

COURT OF KING'S BENCH, GUILDHALL.
PROCTER V. BINGLEY.
In this case Sir J. SCARLETT stated that the
plaintiff had been applied to by a man named Dib-
din for a quantity of spirits on credit, referring him
to the defendant Bingley as to his solvency. Proc-
ter, in consequence, applied to Bingley, who told
him that Dibdin was as safe as a bank note, and a
large quantity of spirits were supplied to him amount-
ing to 1051. 6s. 101., in payment for which he receiv-
ed bills of exchange, which bills were afterwards dis-
honoured. The goods were delivered in January,
1828, and in May following Dibdin was declared a
bankrupt; and it was then discovered that he had
held a warrant of attorney from Dibdin for money
lent to him in the previous June, prior to which
Dibdin was proved to have sold the duplicates of
some small articles to Bingley for trifling sums.
Under these circumstances the plaintiff looked to
Bingley for payment, and the Learned Counsel
called
Wm. Cowen, who deposed that the plaintiff is a
wine-merchant; Ives present on the 11th of Decem-
ber, 1827, when a conversation happened between
Bingley and plaintiff, on an application by Dibdin,
for credit. Plaintiff asked Mr. Dibdin if he knew
Bingley, and asked- him if he thought him a safe
man. Dibdin replied, that he had known him a long
time, and that he was both honest arid safe--he was
as good as a bank note. David Williams was pre-
sent at that time. Witness received orders, in con-
sequence of this conversation, to send a puncheon of
rum to Dibdin, which he did. The price was
76/. 11s. Bd. There was also sent a cask of brandy,
on the 3d June, 1828. The brandy was 281. 15s. 411.
Acceptances were given for each, and neither of them
honoured.
The bills were,here put in and read. The bank-
ruptcy was also proved, and the defendant's evi-
dence before the Commissioners read. lie had
there sworn to the fact of receiving the warrant of
attorney, and the-knowledge of Dibdin's insolvency,
previously to having recommended him as a safe
man, &c.
Mr. GURNEY, for the defence, contended that the
plaintiff could not recover the value of the last parcel
of spirits, as he should have again inquired before he
delivered it.
The Jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff—
Damages 105/. 6s. 10d:

NEWBERRY V. HARRISON.
Mr. F. KELLY opened the pleadings in this cause,
which was undefended.
Mr. SALFORD stated 03 the Jury that it was an
action by the plaintiff, an attorney, at Reading,
to recover from Mr. and Mrs. Harrison, late
Nliag Pocock, the amount of a bill, 43/. Bs. 5d.,
for preparing a marriage settlement previout, to the
marriage of Miss Pocock. This lady had written
to Mr. Newberry, her family attorney, and instructed
him to draw up a settlement. Before, however, the
deed was executed, he found that she had married
without waiting for its being finished. She had
now paid 12/, into Court, but Mr. Newberry had
merely charged -for costs out of pocket, and the
Jury, he had no doubt, would return a verdict for
the whole amount claimed.
The Learned Counsel called several witnesses to
prove this statement.
Lord TENTERVEN noticed some items in the bill,
which raised a question on the necessity of the ac-
counts charged for, and the Jury returned a verdict
of 16/., in addition to 121. paid into Court.

The young Queen of PORTUGAL, attended by
her Ladies in Waiting, and those Noblemen and Gentle-
men who compose her suite, visited the Royal Hospital
at Chelsea on Saturday, and then proceeded to the Royal
Military Asylum. Her MAJESTY was received with mili-
tary honours, by the boys belonging to the latter establish-
ment. They also went through a variety of evolutions on
parade, in the presence of the young QUEEN. Sir H.
TAY ton, the Adjutant-General, and other military of.
ficers, were present. The QUEEN was conducted over the
the different parts of the Hospital, and returned to the
Asylum, and viewed the juvenile soldiers at dinner. Her
MAJESTY and suite went yesterday morning, in two of the
KING'S carriages, to the chapel belonging to the Portu-
guese Embassy, in South-street, Grosvenor-square, arid
beard Mass celebrated. In the afternoon Count BJORNS-
JERNA," the Smvedi►t Minister, and the Chevalier Ltsntra,
were presented to her MAJESTY by the Marquis DE BAR..
BACENA, her MAJESTY'S Chamberlain.
The Duke of WELLINGTON arrived in town
on Saturday morning, from the seat of the Marquis of.
HERTFORD, Sudbourne, Suffolk.
The Austrian Ambassador and the Earl of
ABERDEEN had an interview with his Grace on Saturday.
The Austrian Ambassador, Lord DOWNES,
Sir HENRY HARDINGE, and Sir JOHN BECEETY, the
Judge Advocate General, visited the Duke of WELLING-
TON yesterday.

The Russian Ambassador and the Prussian
Minister transacted business with the Earl of ABERDEEN
on Saturday, at the Office of the Secretary of State for
Foreign Affairs, in Downing-street.

A King's Messenger arrived in town yester-
day with despatches for the Earl of ABERDEEN, from the
British Charge d'Affaires in Madrid.

On Saturday last a Brunswick Club was
formed in Ballyshannon. OR Thursday there was to he a
meeting in Donegal, and on Monday next a meeting in Bal-
linatra.— Cork Constitution.

The Protestant nobility, gentry, and clergy,
of Galway and Roscommon, are to assemble at lla
on Mond,ly nest, to form a Constitutional Club.-- Cork
Constitution.

Lord HOLLAND, Lord THANET7 the Earl of
DA RNLEY, Lord CAMDEN, and one or two other Peers,
will, we are informed, attend the meeting. in Kent, for the
purpose of opposing the Anti-Catholic Petition. it is
that Lord WiNcit ELSE A will not he present; and some hopes
are entertained that his Club will be altogether defeated._
IVestmoreland Advertiser.

IRISH PROPERTY.—WC beg to know to what
state the landed property of the Islamd is to be reduced by
the faction that distract the country ? We have just heard
that a house and one acre of ground, within the limits of
the Circular-road, was offered to be let for 20/. a-year, and
for a term of 61 years, and no more could he got for it.
In London such a concern would be a mine of wealth—the
land would let by the foot. In Dublin, if there had been
no Union, it would have produced hundreds of pounds a-
year. But such is the state of Ireland, and such her de-
struction.—Dublin Freeman's Journal.

MIDDLESEX SESSIONS-o%ls WT.)

John Done, was indicted for an assault on
Donellv, his wife, on the 20th of June last. •
in tl
Mr. ALLEY conducted the case for the prose°t
and Mr. C. PHILLIPS appeared for the prisoner' 'Oll4 • it— P
Mr. ALLEY said that the present assault Was ipit 61,:t44.
of considerable magnitude, though at the, satn!-tcor,•thrre"
y
he admitted that the plaintiff had herself bcerld.o4:.l',l
victed last session for an assault on her hushonietr.kirket
had been sentenced to twenty-eight days' ilOrold' 4y be
ment. On the night of the day in question, tlivire, p
half-past eleven, he came to the house of his d 'Wee!
3
from whom he had been for some time parted L'
kpilt phi'
on her opening the door he struck her with or
on the head, which bled so profusely, that 611,1,0 s.Z.Ltt.
obliged to be taken to the hospital. fie tiod
prove these facts by witnesses, and the'Juryyfedig
no doubt, would meet the ends of justice 19Y°
the prisoner guilty. to "•-•-.d
The prosecutrix was then called, and depage
.rt
the facts above stated. neY':
Upon her cross-examination by Mr. Pnial,„,tire•
admitted that a person named Cuss was in the'so hat
fie had been an apprentice of her husban"
her own little boy, about eleven years of nebed.
also been in the house, and hid himself under t
Cuss was next called and corroborated the
deuce of the prosecutrix as to the assault. roo otitt'
Cross-examined by Mr. C. PHILLIPS.—
hide under the bed?

Prom

Witness—Yes, I did.
Mr. Minx'Ps—Why did you do so ? 01 '..----
Witness—l knew so well the violent terorp -$44141)(v
et I En
the defendant, that I was afraid, and went to' iZston%
bed to hide.

Mr. PHILLIPS—Were you dressed ?
Witness--I had on my shirt and trowsers. trol
Mr. Pnruirs—Did the defendant pull you
under his wife's bed ?
Witness--He did.

.gre.
Ali
Lei
CJ
Ma
p,,er
4:41111:

certain that Psi
Mr. PrtiLLlPS—Are you
your trousers on ?
Witness--Yes, I had. ItZt
Mr. PHILLIPS—Oh, then, of course you ce°'
nct
no mischief.--(Great laughter.) t
~e,4,4
Some other witnesses were examined, wileseoc•
dence threw a still stronger light upon the toife
tion. It appeared that the defendant and 111510 i,Vclil;
, had for some time lived separately, and the 014
lived with the latter. On the night of the 0.70 .‘piet;;
the daughter had been shut out of doors I)/ /10 i\i/tbdeba
prosecutrix, and the circumstance coming rod 0
ears of the defendant, he immediately proceedee.Am oa
the house, and knocked for admittance. Th,e,',041
secutrix opened the door, and was in her shilc;od
on the husband's proceeding up stairs, be 'tjog
Cuss under the bed of his wife, without anY droto l_kt'nea
on but his shirt. He was, in fact, although he 6iies, ?To
t%
to the contrary, divested even of his inexpressl het 4inttc
eey„
The husband, in a gentle fit of irritation, gal, to
a push, and she fell down and cut her head. ird •11 0
the knife, it did not appear that it had ever 0 11:
(ill-b 4
except in the imagination of the prosecutrix. Pof tiiir
she was taken to the hospital, she said nothing o
"vate',l
knife, and the hospital certificate spoke of or ugh'
wound as if it were rather a contusion than all 10,
N 4t4ae;
1
cision.
fllil
While Mr. PHILLIPS was addressing the Jaritgl Pe4!l
the d: Pendant, and expatiating upon the proveci,lo
the husband had received, the prosecutrix sal)
witnesses continually interrupted him, and eirn'bol ,114.41,,
what they conceived to be the erroneous elev.' t
144 tleitr
,e took of the evidence, upon which

Mr. ALLEY said that he could not conceive-01
business those persons had in the Court at aih
accordingly his own client and witnesses were ribi
pelted to retire to the back part of the Court,
amusement of the spectators. • ailit
The Jury returned a verdict of " Guilty; , .-11
the direction of the Chairman, who' said taste
aysos,aztlitonhad Nvacseretaintnirlyelybefoe
rn committed,iheeoand
nside-ruticutlheo:flity
Court.
Mr. CONST then said to the defendant that 4
conduct had been highly improper, but as the Po
vocation was great (although he must observe
he had no right to break into his wife's house•at:eo
he would make his punishment entirely depenyt
upon his future conduct. He must continue roll
his recognizances, and if he conducted himsell 'est,
hereafter, he should not be called up for judgr
Mr. kLLBY expressed himself satisfied Wit" ,s,
termination of the case, and as he ,vas the reP„rvihsl
tative of the prosecntrix, it is to be presume,
she was equally so—but credat Judaws.

itahno
;Rate
order
/tWi'icbc
'tett:

3,:,T
•,__

At

1,14
Lieric
t'sti7ll"
1,f4
koutZ
