STETTGARD, SEPT. $.

[Extract of a private letterfrom Athensof the 30th June, 1022.1
" A regiment has been recently formed of the remains of
Ypsilanti's corps, the Italians and the Greeks of Athens. The
French military discipline has been introduced into this corps,
which is commanded by a Colonel Zarella, formerly in the
Neapolitan service. A corps was to have been formed of stu-
dents and other Europeans at Athens, under the name of
the " Sacred Battalion," but when the corps was raised, it
was called the Phil.hellenian battalion. It was no sooner
completed than a M. Meerheem, a Saxon officer, much
esteemed by the European and other officers, declared that
they would not serve in this corps, as its formation had
been the work of intrigue. The Philhellenians being em-
barked for Agrava, the officers who had refused to bc incor-
porated in the battalion offered to serve under a Greek Chief,
and they were referred to a Colonel Balaska, who had departed
for Zeitum, but whom Odysseus put to death out of jealousy.
The Greek Government has not dared to punish this crime,
either on account of the numerous partisans which the murderer
has among the people, or from fear that he would go over to
the Turks. Anopolls, the citadel of Athens, capitulated on
the 20th of June. Besides several fine pieces of artillery, the
Greeks found a considerable quantity of arms of various descrip-
tion, and above a million of piastres in money, and other effects.
The capture of Napoli di Romania has been celebrated here
for some days past."
NUREMBERG, SEPT. 2.—The correspondent, of this city,
published an article, dated from the Lower Elbe, which says—
" Letters from the North assure us, that the Authorities, in
Russia and Poland are extremely vigilant to prevent any occur-
rence in the Emperor's dominions which might excite any sus-
picion of the strict neutrality of the Cabinet of St. Petersburg
in the minds of the other members of the Holy Alliance. As
an illustration of this, they state that soon after a el-decant French
officer, who had been for some time at Warsaw, and whose
intention of going to Greece had become known, had left
Warsaw orders were sent to Wilna to step him, and he was ac-
cordingly brought back under military escort, and thence
sent to the Prussian frontiers. Notwithstanding all this, the
zeal in the cause of civilization and humanity is not cooled.
Thus Dr. Dieffenbach, a physician at Konigsberg, has been
induced to leave his situation, to dedicate his talents to the
friends of freedom in Greece. But as a knowledge of the lan-
guage is absolutely necessary to be any use in his profession,
Dr. D. went to Paris, as physician to a Russian Princess, where
he studied modern Greek for nine months, and having first paid
a visit to his relations in the south of Germany, has embarked
at Diarseilles for Greece. Dr. D, has promised, that when

he arrives in Greece he will transmit a faithful account of the
state of affairs there.

" A son of M. Rosenstiel, Counsellor of State and Director
of the Royal porcelain manufactory, has likewise gone to Greece
with his father's consent. He had studied pharmacy, and his
apprenticeship was nearly at an end. He has already written
that he had arrived sate, and was very well received." •
FRONTIERS OF MOLDAVIA, Auo. 16.—Fugitives from
Jassy bring the following particulars of the dreadful scene of
the 10th of August. " 300 Janissaries who had secretly re-
ceived the cruel order suddenly returned, and set the city on
fire in 40 places at ones. In a few hours all was in flames;
nine churches and seven Monasteries are burnt, and it is sup-
posed several thousand houses. In the midst of the conflagra-
tion the Janissaries dragged the Boyars and 'Magistrates out of
their houses, the ourning of which they witnessed, and com-
pelled them in the sight of this misery to sign a paper declaring
their conviction that this hellish fire was caused by accident."—
The new Caimacan is said to have been hurried of in the con-
fusion to Silistria. The fugitives say an evacuation is not to he
thought of now, and if it takes place it will be with fire and
sword.—(Allgemeine Zeitung, Sept. 3.)
WARSAW, Auo. 27.—H iSMajesty the Emperor of Russia,
our Sovereign, arrived here yesterday in perfect health, about
four o'clock, accompanied by His Imperial Highness the
Grand Duke Constantine, who had gone to meet him. His
Majesty alighted at the summer palace of Cuzienki. In his
:Majesty's suite are Prince Wolkinski, and Colonels Von Man-
surow and Von Solinlza, Aides-du-camp to his Majesty, and
Baron IVyllie, the Eniperor's physician. His Majesty was re-
ceived with the acclamations of the inhabitants, and the city
was illuminated in the evening.
Count Matuszewei, Councillor of State, and General Count
Branchi had arrived from St. Petersburg.
AMSTERDAM', SEPT. 10.—We have received Curaqoa
Gazettes to the 27th of July. The seige of Porto Cabello con-
tinued, and the city, though vigorously attacked by land and
sea, defended itself with great obstinacy. The Spanish squa-
dron continued to convoy the vessels that came to Curagoa for
provisionS. The Spanish General Morales had arrived with his
troops from,Coro and taken ,the.command of Porto Cabello.—
An expedition of 2000 men had marched from Maracaibo in
the middle of July after Morales.
BR ITSSE Ls,-SE PT. o.—His Grace •the Duke .of Wellington
is expected every moment in this city, whence he will imme-
diately proceed to Vienna.
A letter from Madrid, of the '26th in the evening, says, that
on the same day there.hai been at the Palace a consultation of
the principal physicians, the result of which gave but litt
hopes of saving the young and interesting Queen of Spain. The
Princess of Saxony is the third wife of Ferdinand VII. ; the
first was a Princess of Naples ; the second a Princess of Portu-
gal ; and the third is she who now shares a throne enveloped
in storms and danger.
Every preparation is making at Vienna to receive the Empe-
ror Alexander. Marshal Count Hardeyk has set out for the
frontiers, in order to regulate the ceremonial to be observed
when his Majesty passes the frontiers.
The Austrian funds continue to be favourable ; on the 30th
August the prices were—Metalliques, 82 3-16; Bank Shares,
671 ;•—(Brussels Papers, Sept. 10.)
ST. PETE lISBURGH, Auo. 21.—A ship of the line, of 80
guns, was launched yesterday from the Admiralty Wharf.
Notwithstanding the intense heat, there was was a vast con-
course of spectators. It received the Swedish name Oemhaten
(Tenderness), from a Sivedish vessel captured in a war with
Sweden.

The closing of the Fleemasons' Lodges excites extraordinary
sensation here, and is the subject of general conversation.

BERLIN, Auo, 31.—The'State Gazette says that the Kings
of Naples and Sardinia are also expected to be present at the
Congress at Verona', where preparations are making for the re-
ception of a great concourse of strangers.

PORTUGAL AND BRAZIL.

[From the Diarie do Governo of the 27th ultimo.]

THE GENERAL, EXTRAORDINARY, AND CONSTITUENT
CORTES OF TILE PORTUGUESE NATION TO TILE PEOPLE

OF BRAZIL.

To found and consolidate the monarchy in both
hemispheres, is the constant object of the Cortes, and the ardent
desire of all good Portuguese. To render more close, by in-
dissoluble ties, the union of two nations of brothers, though se-
parated by a vast space, is the difficult problem, the solution of
which can only be obtained by means of an intimate conviction
and a frank declaration of what is fitting for all. Let us, then,
no longer waste in,vain disputes and mutual recriminations that
time which may he So valuably employed in maintaining the
integrity of our extensive empire, the grandeur and solidity
of which depends upon a-well-adjusted and permanent union.
Brazilians !—Vourbrethren of Europe do not contradict, nor
did the Cortes ever deny, the neural right which you possess
to constitute yourselves independent. and to choose the condi.
tions of the Government which best suits you. This the Cortes
virtually recognized when they proposed to you the funda-
mental law as the basis for your declaring whether you would,
under those conditions, make with us one society and one em-
pire. If your representatives could not, in consequence of the
distance, co-operate in this law, you have since irr fact adopted
it, you have sworn to it, and the voices of all the political as-
semblies in Brazil caused the vaults of the halls to resound
with the greatest applause and the greatest enthusiasm. It
was then notorious to the whole world, that far from adopting
an unconditional submission, you have recognized and sworn to
the basis of the Constitution of the Portuguese monarchy, and
that under the political system, and the conditions of the Go-
vernment then established, you proclaimed your union with
Portugal in the most solemn and spontaneous manner.
The essential principles of this our original political charter
cannot be altered in the Constitution, but they may be more
developed and further explained. They consist, generally
speaking, in the division of political power—one single cham-
ber of representatives with the power of legislating ; one as-
sembly annually; one inviolable King, with responsible Mi-
nisters ; the liberty of the press ; the right of petitioning ;
these are the first securities of the political and civil liberty of
the people of Portugal and the people of Brazil. That liberty,
Brazilians, is the same for you as for your brethren of Europe,
since it has for all the same value and the same efficacy ; the
Constitution does not concede to the one what it denies to the
other : those who tell you to the contrary, only. seek to satisfy
their ambitious passions by alienating your minds in order to
compromise your security and draw dowp upon you all the
horror of anarchy and civil war. They are wicked men, who
eulogize every kind of power solely for the purpose of ascending
to the pinnacle of authority and wealth, without regarding the
mischief and desolation they may occasion. Cease, then, to
yield to the illusion which, perhaps, still misleads some upright
minds !

Brazilians !—When the Cortes displayed\ to you the standard
of liberty, and invited you to unite with then-, -it was not, cer-
tainly, for the purpose of holding you in the servile state of a
colonial dependency. When they offered you the same consti-
tution, the same liberty, and the same guarantees, it was not,
certainly, for the purpose of making you slaves. It would
indeed be a strange manner of colonizing and enslaving a peo-
ple to recognize the rights of which they had been deprived,
and the privileges which they had never fully enjoyed. As if
civil and religious liberty were an abstract speculation, and be-
yond the reach of common capacity, a faction of disorganizers
have wished to persuade you that the existence of the Provin-
cial Juntas, which are of popular election, and which you your-
selves have created, was inconsistent with that liberty. Let,
then, those tribunals, the inutility and burden of which are no-
torious, be abolished : let the heir to the Crown, since all poli-
tical reasons call him to the foot of the throne, and since you
yourselves have manifested a wish not to obey him, be removed
from America. This faction of ambitious men and enemies of
the public tranquility have set up the most futile pretexts
in the South : they allege, first, that the Cortes has no power
to legislate for Brazil; they further allege that there is injus-
tice in the legation ; and they finally declare formal disobedi-
ence and manifest revolt ; when the legislative authority of the
Cortes was rooted in the basis, and the will of the people who
adopted, swore to, and recognized that authority ; when the
justice of the legislation was confirmed both by the nature of
things and by the will of the same people, anteriorly and suffi-
ciently declared; when, in fine, partial resistance became the
very crime of rebellion, which is always punishable in every
well-organized society.
The Cortes being aware that this revolt was merely the work
of a few individuals who had subscribed a document, decreed
the trial of those rebels ; the Cortes respect the general will of
all Brazil, and know that the general opinion of the people is the,
vehicle and the organ of all wiselegislaatoivoenrn;
mbeunttt,huenyitailnsgo,
know that the general opinion of all Brazil is to adopt, under
the same conditions, the same system of
itself by perpetual bonds with Portugal; and they further know
that these disorganizing attempts at partial resistance, are mere-
ly ramifications of the south. To prevent the extension of these
and other restless and liberticidal passions, hostile to the gene-
ral opinion of the people of Brazil, the Cortes have determined
that the governmenment should be authorized to send troops
to that continent—a new pretext for the factions, but no less
futile than the former. This measure, in the terms in which
the Cortn have adopted it (which of you, Brazilians, are not
convinced of this ?) is efficacious for suppressing partial dan-
gers, hut is evidently inadequate to the making of conquests or
maintaining tyranny. This consideration is sufficient to take
from the measure every appearance of hostility; but the Cortes,
considering the degree to which the prejudices between Euro-
peans and natives have arrived in Brazil, and how much is to
be apprehended from the excesses of a popular frenzy, which
the troops of the country might be incapable of restraining-,have
felt that it was necessary to protect the real and personal pro-

petty of citizens. How could they, indifferent to such a mass
of interests and opinions ? Nothing else influenced the Cortes
in their determination.

Brazilians ! The Cortes and the Government, whose autho-
rity you have recognized and sworn to obey, never in their con-
duct departed either from the principles of universal justice, or
the maxims of the act of Government, in any of the laws or
orders which they have addressed to you. Do not, then, deli-
ver yourselves up to the caprices of a party who wish to per-
suade you of the contrary, for their only design is to disunite
and to ruin you. Reflect within yourselves ; counsider the
situation in which you are placed. and the degree in the politi-
cal scale to which the constitution has elevated you. Ponder
attentively on what these violaters of solemn oaths tell you, and
you will find that some want the extreme of liberty by pro-
claiming a democratic independence; and others want the ex-
treme of servitude by opening a path to absolute power and
aristocratic privileges. The Cortes, on the contrary, offer you
the constitutional Monarchy as a middle term between these
two dangerous extremes, and as the plank of your political sal-
vation. They extend a helping hand to you, and save you
from the laborious and hazardous work of establishing a Go-
vernment entirely new. Your representatives co-operate ac-
tively and wisely in introducing into the constitution such ad-
ditions as may be suitable with the unity of power and-of the
empire, and which may have for their direct object the general
utility of the people. You will,never be without the most ab-
solute independence in the exercise of the judicial authority,
for to have tribunals inconveniently situated is a denial of jus-
tice. Neither will you be without an authority delegated fiom
the King, which, in the distribution of offices and rewards,
will place more within your reach the intervention of the Royal
power....

' Brazilians ! The act of adopting or rejecting a system of go-
vernment is a compromise. Let us then weigh inconveniences.
We must give and take; we surrender some rights for the bet-
ter enjoyment of others. Thus, as we sacrifice natural liberty
to enjoy with more security the advantages of civil society, so
ought we to sacrifice a part of our civil advantages to the supe-
rior utility of the union of a great empire. If tie seas are agi-
tated and months pass away, and 1,500 leagues of ocean inter.
pose space and time between. the law aalits execution, the
sphere of human invention is not so circumscribed but that the
wisdom of institutions may unite what nature has separated ;
and if there still should remain some inconveniencies, they
would be well compensated by avoiding the horrors and
anarchy, and the vexations of absolute power. All this was
well calculated by you in your choice and in your oath.
Now then, Brazilians ! do not break promises so solemn and
so just. Exercise your political power by sending wise repre-
sentatives to the Cortes of the nation. The inconvenience will
not be great, if you compare it with the importance of the
union. Enjoy, then, the privileges of liberty ; the protection
of government secures to you every social advantage.
The Cortes never pretended to maintain the union of Portu-
gal with Brazil by means of arms. Force is a feeble instru-
ment for restraining in a subordinate and profitable connexion,
a people, active, numerous, increasing, and fond .of their li-
berty. Our union, Brazillians, depends solely on the affec-
tions and on the interest which reciprocal advantages produce;
on common names, parentage, friendships, equal laws, and
equal protection. The title deeds of your rights is the consti-
tution. Soon will it be transmitted to you with the latest ad-
ditions ; that will suffice to render it impossible to persuade
you to adopt the insane opinion that those who would give you
that constitution wish to place you in a state of colonization
and slavery. And, if a declaration of so much singleness and
sincerity be not capable of removing all causes of discord, and
of re-establishing the original and unsuspecting confidence, the
Cortes., lamenting your blindnes and your delusion, will at
least have the satisfaction of securing to themselves a tranquil
conscience, by declaring their principles, and manifesting
their intentions.

AGOSTINHO JOSE FREIRE, President.
FRANCISCO XAVIER SOARES DE ANDRADE,
Deputy Sec.
JOAM BAPTISTA FELQUEIRAS, Deputy Sec.
Palace of the Cortes, August 17.
