`

,

~.~

i F~~ ~. ~

~~-,., ~ .T~..

~

PitlCl4. SEVENPENC.Er-

elf circulation. Their execution was giftte co • "
arse; arty--o
Might mutate them... . •
Mr. ELLICE wished that the impOssitillity of prevehting
forge rY—which was noiorioifs:--would make slit, Dank resolvt;
never to issue another 11. note.
Sir M. W. RIDLE thought the Bank-notes might t).
prof cd : hitt under a metallic curreney;,We.should baie coioz.:.
trig-=.-..we should never get ritl'of the diutit altogether.'
'Mi. PEEL, Said that the' coining' Wai an Often& fat-leatt den-
germs in its extent than the forgery ; the experience of the last
three years sufficiently proi;ed that fact. lie believed that tha
Bahl( had' gone to great eipence in' attempting tO impran
their notes ; and they would certainly be inClined to .check
forgery na far as possible, for the expellee of prosecutions to
them was enormous. At the same time, he thought that the
note might be made more difficult of iinitation titan it' was at
present.
Mr. JOHN SMITH was hardly of opinion that any change
would be for the better. The Bank Would certainly not conti.:
nue to issue 11. notes a day longer than they Were called for.
After a few words from Mr. W. SSlcrit, Lord Mtt.iow,
and Mr. A nEnCrtonnvi the petititin was read, and Ordered to
lie upon the table. •
• AtIAOLS IN SCOTIA ND.
The IA/111/,. ADVOCATII moved tot a Cofmnittee to in.:
quire Mtn the Mate orp:riiont &otland.- Would not
fetid the 'House by irittirhfelti to/he .unpleltaant detailti of - some
returns which he had moved for upon 'this subject; but the
Whole. systevn of prisons in Scotland required immediate and,
thorough revision. Criminals of all classes and ages,- con.;
'Octed and under accusation, *ere creiwiled together, often in
the same .apartment with tiebtOrs in the Most M
beconceived.
isereble re-
ceptacles that could conceived. In why prisons the gaolers
were non-resident, having other occupations to attend to in
the town. in one placb, the gaoler did duty as the parish
bellman. In another; he officiated as town crier, In a third
establishMent, the gaoler Was blind, and the prison was ma-"
nanaged by his daughter; and in NS *cry gaol there was a
crown debtor confined fir no leAs than 7,00 UL •
Mr. HUME desired to second the lion. and beamed Gen-'-
tleman's motion. The prisons of Scotland *ere a disgrace to
the country. The only excuse was, that there was seldom any
body in them.
Mr. PEEL said that' it *ould be highly convenient if the
souther jurisdictions of *Odin& would agree to unite, six or
seven of them together, in the erection of One large and conve.;
nient gaol. The mote extensive a gaol Was, the more certain it
was to he well managed, built because it could allbrd to pay
proper officers, and I)ecauSe public curiosity was excited, and
t was sure to be visited !mire Constantly titan a small one. To
maintain a sufficient anti well.diseiplined gaol foe each of the
Snail burghtt in Scotland was impossible. Ile (Jlt. Peel) did
not wish to mix theft jihisilictions t` but merely that they
Would build a gaol In common, which tin alike should be en-
titled to the occupation of.'
Mr. HUME' proposed that the Hight lion: Secretary's lug.;
gestion should be added in the shape of an amendment.
The LORD ADVOCATE had no tiottbt that it would bet:
attended to by the "Committee without that formality.—Thei
Committee was then named.

FIRST FRUITS IN IRELAND.
.Sir J. NEWPORT rose to Call the attention of the Donate td
the subject of the FirSt Fruits in Ireland. The. first litho were
the amount of income derived from eery eetlesiathical living
t'or the first year, and a shilling in the poand Of its profits
theneelawnrit At the !termination these first fruits, which were'
previously paid to the Holy See, became a part of the revenues
of the Crown, and rendered to the King, in his capacity of
Geed of the Church. So they continued till the reign of Queen
Anne, who granted them for the support of the Church. Queen
Anne had released them from the payment of the one shilling
in the pound on the amount of church livings, in con Sequence
of .an arrangement that those sums should go into *fund for
the maintenance of certain poor persons, and for augmenting
the salaries of certain poor livings or rectories. however, it
happened that many benefices at that period,. and even suttee.;
quently, were not valued ; and it was conjectured that these
livings did not amount to less than 'ooe-fourth of' the whole.—
Dere was ten omission which called Inittlly for revision. It was
observable, that in the valhatieti of English and Irish Arch.,
bishoprics and Biehopries' there *as en obviously incorrect
proportion in their quota of txmtribntion—the Irish Archbishops
and Bishop* contributing, during a period of seven years, not
/lime than 910/. on this account, whereas the English contributed
not less than 5,480/. darn)* the period of seven years. Whibit
the public was in a state at Ignorance these things might per-
haps, if not tolerated, be passed over without any remark, but
lately the 'system of compounding for the tithes of the parishes
had brought to light u speaking fact namely, that ninety five
Irish Benefices which had been valued at and of cottrse only
contributed 6021. acttially compounded for these tithes for
0,0110/.—(llear I)—A nd now from year to year a large Nitro had
been 'asked for the very purposes to Which these First Fruits
were applicable. The poor Irish peasant •was compelled to
build and repair Churches at his cost, which ought in tact to'
be repaid out of these First Fruits, and which, had they re.;
niained in the hands of the Crown, would have been no doubt
liable to a fresh valuation sass to fneet even increased demands.
The Glebe bands of Ireland now amotinied to 100,000
or 1,000,000 of English acres, yet from this enormous rental,
the maintenance and repairs of the Irish churches were not to'
be defrnyed. Ireland bail long been known to take the lead in
atises, and there would hardly be a stronger ettemplideation
of it than that the Primate of Ireland only contributed to this`
fund 4001., whilst the Archbishop of Canterbury contributed
2,1100/. in. the same way; that remarkably rico Bishopric,
Clogher, certainly worth 10.0001., contributed, in consequence
of this mode of valuation, 31$01. •The house had been told
much of the necessity of assimilation. Ile could not see, under
such encouraging promises, why property to such an amount
should be allowed to continue tinproductive to this fund. He
felt it hence hitt duty to put hpon record a set of resolutions
stating the history of these First Fruits, and the reasons why
Queen Anne had surrendered then), and should conehide by
moving that a Select Committee shohlti be appointed to inquire
whether any and what measures 'were necessary to inset the
exigencies of the-eased The Right Hon. Baronet then moved
his first resolution—" That the First Fruits. anti the Annates
of Livings in Ireland, amounting to one twentieth part of such
livings, or twelve pence in the poiind sterling, oh the Estate of
the Church. were anti continued until 1710, a Royal Revenue.",

Mr. MM.II4III.IRN said this was the fourth occasion when
he had been called on officially to repeat the arguments with
which he had combated the proposition they had just heard. On
a later occasion the arguments of the night I hm. Baronet had
been exatnined and unelected by the legs! nromen and tmpres.l
sive eloquence of his Rigid nom Friend the Attorney.tleneral
for Irehind, so copiously and satisfactorily, that lie might al.
most be excused it he contented himself with resting the merits
of the question on a reference to the diseussious of that night—
lint this night the question bad come forward antler anew form,
for the Hon. Baronet had covertly assumed that the First
Vruits in Ireland, and of course iii•Engltinti, were liable to the
repairing and building of churches, a charge which hitherto had
gf at Ila :el:tit:fin,
twitig
eit
clergylyuilt(.inleiti tg
wila'ausinntil;sa.dienSi So fear
fact
ttr
di flits
tewr att nnrooetitilooartiiirontvetitertielyha
that
.or
et
the
cern
and augment the incomes of poor incumbents. Neither the
history of the grant to the church, tracing it to its source, nor
yet the law on the subject of the annates, had been
correctly stated. It would be found that the first fruits in
the tunes of the Popes, who then possessed this ecclesiastical
income, were never taken at any thing like,- or near to
their real value. The point had been settled both by the tlfftit
and 211th of henry VIII. as to the low rate of composition to
be taken antler the sanction_ of an Act of Parliament, which was
enforced through the medium of a permission consisting; of the
then :hiner of the Itolls anti other b gal anthoritivx subse-
quently appointed by that King. One question he believed it
would be comparatively easy to settle, namely, whether the ex-
pences of building u church, when it church became necessary,
were to he defrayed at the expence of the clergy theneselYee,
particularly at,t the ciittrell was, in many in:ttntices bible in 414
IlleQuit: to several feudal Claims from the head landowners.
charge on the Enylish annates'was 110th of tit raitie;us,teortei titow,
Irish annates Wt•te taken at only 1-20th. indeed. tili2-re,
6.101
reiMoll3 why the incomes of the tris,i,iear
be twill:red to remain higlier than thoe 01:01; storit 'Lap!,
hen
orequal rank in Kingdom. The sitli's't
EnglWl 1"-‘1'"hrid,s3 that lf hotter paid
ve,o, so f 0111 VeOig
no i.e,„ wood admit that
and of Clic sit r v,(..rk, it waive trite, the otnigt,l
to
tihncievtliiltfytilt:
i
la
tioulde ito gait Prol""i"'" I-, pronounce that churches
nitihttLent should or ought- clergy thee we, built
were built for the lianait of ,
"e turoction lo„ft public of }►crtrrsl atevanta&, and
well
rti otw tell
n: fitliTle;lllclitl.t )itt;lishr/t!leiv!siti;i;i
migh,t !he, t Mold the gnat 4)11' 1.

sat hs wed to trespass on the time of the House further, heshould
out, express his determination to oppose the motion of the
Right Honourable Baronet, let it assume what shape it might,
more particularly as he was conscious that the effect of such a
wing of inculpatory resolations would tend to lessen, in the
pilblie mind, that confidence in the Clergy which was so essen-
tial to the due performance of their duty, and calculated to cir-
eumecribe their comforts, leesen their respectability, and impo-
"" eeelesiestieel Persons, not excepting even the incumbents
of the smaller living% and the whole Church Establishments in
Mr. SPRING RICE- supported the motion of his Bight
flea. Friend.
Me DAWSON professed that be thought that thernotion of
the Right lion. Baronet was founded neither on law nor equity.
It well not inferable front any act of the Legislature, that it wag
the intention of Parliament to render livings liable to often
repeated or fresh valuations. All the Acts which had been
peseta for fresh vehiations of livings, in the North and other
parts or Ireland, in the reigns of ,lames the Firsts Charles
ills' Se'enni, and Queen Anne, were limited to the valuation of
hying* not before velure!. It wan true that some had altogether
escaped Yaletation. Whatever might be done as to these liv-
certainly it would not he fair to value the whole of the
I" livings now, in order to raise a rack rent, or increased re-
*Mee of of Church property, in direct contravention of art Act
of Parliament which had made an arrangement that no church
livings Should be, taken at their highest value. There were
*slier reasons of great weight in his mind which ought to for-
bid say rub intaference of the advocates of reform from touch-
ing the comma of church livings in Ireland in particular. The
situation and condition of tie Clergy in Ireland wait. peculiar :
their respectable demeanour, their exemplary conduct, and un-
ani,ctetlptety, alone enabled them to uphold the dignity of their
tuition in a society composed o' zealous advocates of different
religious creeds. In such ii state of things it watt essential they
should not be deprived of any part of the means theteposseased,
or in other words be renderee incapable by the narrowness of
their incomes of doing acts of benevolence and charity in their
immediate neighbourhood. That they poesesesed the inclina-
tion to perform their duty in an exemplary manner, he was
proud to have it in lint power to bear the most ample testimony.
tie meld speak from experience, and he must say that no
class of clergymen, of' any description, had entitled themselves
to higher reepeet, or deserved more the esteem and gratitude of
toasty.
LOCKIIA RT wined not assent to the general proposi-
tion laid down by the Resta 'lon. Baronet, that the Clergy
were ()bilged to contribute generally to the accommodation of
all the different congregations throughout a Diocese—this would
be to meee them to lean one on the other, which was neither
expedient nor equitable. The property of the Church was sa-
cred and inviolable, and it would tee tried too closely on the
stups or Henry the Eighth, who not only deprived the Church
111 his (ley of its income and property, but distributed it amongst
werthiess fevoorites and Corporate Bodies, if the !louse should
new proceed to a fresh valuation of church livings in Ireland,
for the purpose or applying these funds to purposes to which
they had never hitherto been appropriated.
Mr. le contended upon the words of the patent that the
Patentees had a right to re-value the benefices. What then, lie
;Asked, were the facts even as they had been asserted by the
Right Don. Gentleman ? No genteel valuation had ever been
tentle, meiotic of the CoMmiseloners had been threatened with
(11"11'"el for ettempting to support the rights of the public.
The Right, llote,flentleman had said that there wot:ld be no
justice in Making it new valuation; but it untie:and to him that
justice- ebsolutrly required a Atop to be put to the misapplies.
tent of these funds. The object of the Right Ilan. Baronet
we,, that justice should be done to the Sovereign who made the
ftrant, anti tee the people for whose benefit they were made. It
had been contended also that it would be en attack upon pro-
perty, and that it would endanger church property in Englund;
but if it wets an uttack, it wits a just ettack, send if the church
property In relief: mil was in the Nano eircemstances, it ought
to follow the same rule. The pretence or danger to property
generally was calculated only to lead the House astray. The
/lon. Secretary had maid that .the Clergy of Ireland had no
more right to sustain the expellee of keeping up the churches,
than soldiers Mel to I er that of keeping up their burracks. It
had nut been asserted that they bad a right to do so, all that
was contended was, only that the proportion of the revenue of
the Church appropriated for that purpose by the bounty of the
s vereign wets not diverted from it. Ile admitted that the
ceorch of Ireland had improved of late years, hat still he said
ses not such as to do honour to the country. (Irene. hardship
wet cruelty were inflicted upon the Irish people by the collec-
run or rates for the, mating and maititaining or eborchem, and
teis 1111114 a strung reason lOC abstainingErolll Mid) levies tin the
'node granted by the tummy of the Sovereign had been ex-
eietuited. Between the Clergy oldie Irish Church and soldiers
in,barracke there was no 'soar teaselling. It might just as
.well have been argeed that ill Clergy should be exempt bone
nee payment of First Fre i ts, because the Chancellor of the Ex-
Rliever was not bound ,one of his private fluids to defray the
.expencea of the new telielens in Downing-street. Mho reit-
fuming of the Right I bile t e iitleman was good her any thing,
• thirewould have been quite as suiteble an illustration of it ; but
he hoped it wits not good Mr any thing', He then referred to
the opinion of Mr. Allan in :support of his opinion, and con-
eciuded by expressing his hope flea his illajesty're Ministers
emeriti take the mime liberal view upon this, which they had
teem 1111011 ninny other subjeet.
Sir it. I Ni; EIS rued it was perfectly clear that, at the time
of granting the pima, no bag..mese of income warecontemplated.
s, Right lion, 'Baronet bed emoken of the Church Lands of
.Ireland as consisting of 700,000.fteres. This statement be could
.only have iuuo.h as lie beat introeuced many other state-
. meets, in order to produce no impression that the income of the
lesli Church was greater than he, for one, believed it to be.
Was the Rightellon. Barmier not icwarr that a great proportion
of this lemewere let upon long leases et very, low rents? Did
he, hi feet, believe diet, so much ea one-filth of the annual
velem of this land 41/1114 actually received by the Clergy ?
Sir JOIIN NEWPORT said, in reply, that the question
was sitnehr this, whether the grant by which the Crown hail
iterrebtlered weeniest) of its revenue ter a particular purpose
. reenact be defeated. De thought that with regard to the
of a. new valuation the Right lion. fl entleman was put out
of court, by the step which lied been taken ; he meant, that of
deterring by it threat the person who would have brought the
legal 4144044/34 to trial. Of the benefices in Ireland, 1,535 had
been valued of long time ago, end 944 had never been valued
at all; and 0'41101.4e which hie( been valued I,oon were found
.to bounder the velem, of fie, seal therefore not liable. Il'as it
exituendeds :lie would use, that 944 patishee, or that three
essktele Sees should never be yelited? Primate Boater, on his
first induction, was desirous of rerocelyieig the evils of which
be
.eompleined, and wrote. to one of his brother Itishope, that
he wisfusd to do all that he mild to promote the welfare
oi the Church. but he retired tee wottld not find melt concur.
rence. The nonrierable Baronet. had remitted to se kind of
argument, doe found very captiyating in that Douse, lie
meant the viii, uateatam ad handrail!, and had vaunted Ithumelf
AS a friend to the Church; he would tell that Dorn Baronet,
that he writs as rumli the friend of the Church as himself. Ile
%hewed his frientliddp to the Church by endeavouring to correct
fl ' übtlsos which had emit into it, the Don. Baronet by series
Mg to uphold diem. Then were their two differeet modes of
showing their friendship to the Eceleeiastiod establishment.--
lie astribe.d the dilapidation of the churches in Ireland to tee
negligence of the clergy. lf they had been desirous of perform-
ing their duty, the edifiecs would rot have been suffered tee fall
into decay. It was monstrous after this, that in order to tenth)
in their own hands fends which ought to be applied to repair
or rebuild these edifices, they should tax an impoverished
people, the majority of whom were of a different religious per-
suiseemt. The( could be viewed only in the light of a flagrant
usurpation. had•been taunted by the Bight lion. Gentle-
Men, that this was the (Mirth time he had to answer him upon
resiedit subject. Ile rather thought. the number was overrated
tt Ile had, however, 110 eisjection to he being taken as the fourth
' time, anti he would now tell the Right Don. Gentleman that
be saint mole and noel brim; the iiebject forward--(Dear !)
lie obtained jostire tier the people of 'rebind. Ile was
old enough ire Met Mime to know that he had, in various
Instances, succeeded In his ()Wrote, after repeated disappoint-
meats, not by obtaiiiitig rt- majority in that House, by the
tartly adoption of his views by Government. The Douse then
divided •
.
For the Motion - 21
•
giow4t, - , 48
. , ,
elejority, air4llllo , 01011011
FREI.; AFRICANS IN TRINIDAD.
On our reeitheission into the winery, we found Mr. 11 UN e
moving Mr eopiee of the -Minutes of Council of Trinidad, and
papers respecting
liberated Africans, allocated in that band--
We tender:towel the Don. Member to state, that his *object in
oinking ties teeenn was to obtain More correct lofornetton re.
,;, neeei clement, lions the
condition ofthugs
who
'Pec`"le e;0 ;lie Situation which he had described in Trinided,
ww
istrte, r
view to olio be, ter uoilerstenditehof the larger gruestirin—
. 1 the v aloe of frtic labour, and t e best IMAMS improv.
I.l4""'"Y`''' lave population. No rert had yet been made
lelieg rre'''lL 6 had consitiere this etthject at Trini-
citt;),",„liensiliti,'„'lsef re. anxious that until such report WWI )ITO..
*ld be pot in posesessims of the evidence
since, tout cowrie semi
given before thin ememiss;.e, which would doubtlese he entitled
_ee
to greet, weight,front the talents and situation of the witnesses.
urn be made to motion.
"‘?,4"'"d`l'Ausul Hitt cbjP"ti" "I • im„tion to withhold
WIDAIOT DORTON bet- no 11,
plc evidence of the comp-
the information now %ought, but as,
these particular
mission wast4.o. confined to the temditi" f 1
''l4"l
b" Up sVbh the emisideretion of the effect t
•• order in cannot, it would require some time to separate rand
,prepare it for preelection. the commission was on, tile
obtain
ed returning to Trinided to pursue their inquiry', on" ,le
rfullest information on the whole subject. The sesult would, of

•. . •
worm, katattrounicated as soon as possible, but, in the in-
terim, he hid no objection to the production of the evidence
already given, if the Hon. Member thought proper to perse-
vere in calling for it.
After a few observations from Mr. F. Buxton, Mr. Bernal,
and Mr. W. Smith ; Mr. Hume consented to withdraw his
motion, upon the understanding that'lhe Government would
produce, as soon as possible, the reqtaeite information.
Mr. HUM!: next moved for copies of Instructions from the
Colonial Office, to the Commiseloners sent to. the West Indies,
the Cape, and Sierra Leone, on the subject of slaves.
Mr. W. HORTON said, the office with which he was con-
nected had no objection to give any information on any point,
but it did not wish to deal to generalities, to which he thought
the present motion extended. Too much caution could not be
used in dealing with this question, to keep down exaggerated
statements on both sides. •
Mr. W. 8311TH, in explanation, said that he did not. know
any parties who wished to put forwerd exaggerated.stfttemente
on the side of the question which be took. There was, he be-
lieved, no man, or set of men, who wished to . turn from labour
to immediate emaneipation. He knew of no party that wished
for immediate emancipation. All they called for was, that !melt
a change should be made in the administration of the laws in
the colonies, its would not only be n benefit to the planters, but
would lead gradually to ultimate emancipation. .. '
Mr. GORDON said, that he constantly heard of a dim-
vowel of any desire for immediate emancipation of the slaves,
but if he might judge from the speeches of some individuals,
who interested themselves on this question, he should draw a
conclusion. In u speech of an individual of high rank, at one
of the recent meetings on this subject, he observed, that it was
stated that it was the wish of the abolitionists to have this
great measure carried in the lifetime of the great advocate fur
bolition, the late Member for !Wandler, (Mr. Wilberforce).
Now this he thought was looking decidedly for immediate
abolition.--(A laugh-) •
Mr. BLA I R complained that attempts were made by the
circulation of letters through the country to create a. feeling
against slavery, which already existed sufficiently strong in the
country without such excitements.
' The motion was then put and agreed to.
Mr. 11 UM E next` moved, that an humble address be pre-
sented to his Majesty, praying for copies of all reports or intbr-
Motion in the possession of Government, respecting the contli•
tion of liberated African slaves, sent to Tortola, Trinidad, or
Sierra Leone, distinguishing the time since which they were
liberated, and also the expence incurred by their liberation.
Mr. WAIORTON said that these was a report made on
this as well as on other subjects connected with the \Vest Istlia
Coloniele by Conueissioners appointed by Act of Parliament,
which would be laid before the House in a few days, and which
he thought would he found to contain all the information that
time Hon. Member required. That commission was still in
activity, and would continue togive further information to the
House. Ile hoped that tinder these circumstances the Hon.
Member would withdraw this motion. • :
Mr. HUME said, that if information on this subject were to
be laid before the house, his object would be attained, and he
would not, therefore, press his motion. All he,rlesired was
correct intbrinetion.
After a few words from Mr. W. SMITH, the motion was
withdrawn. . .
:\lr. 111.731 E next moved for an account of the number of the
• coloured population in die several West India Colonies, since
the last census, and also an account of the nuniber of slaves
manumitted since that period. This.wrie agreed to.
The Hon. _Member next moved for copies of the original in-
structions, given by the Secretary for the Colonies, for the
guidance of the commissioners sent to die West India Islands,
the Cape ofbood Hope, and Sierra Leone, to inquire into, the
condition of the colonies. Also copies of any supplementary
instructions sent to them.
• Mr. W. HORTON said, he had no objection to grant the
Information required, provided It was not meant to include all
the carreepondence with those Commissioners.
Mr. II C.TME did not require the correspondence.—The Mo.
don was put and agreed to.
PUBLIC IM PROVE ME N TS.
Mr. ARBUTHNOT, in rising to move for !lave to bring
in a 11111 for the Improvement of Charing Cross and its vici-
nity, said, he need not detain time House by any eulogium upon
the taste and the abilities of Mr. Nash, and those united with •
him in the great work of the new street which bed been con-
cluded so much to the admiration of all who saw it. The int-
provements he was about. to propose, would he under the same
able der. don, and he would proceed at once to state the ob-
jects of the plan. lie was aware how difficult it was to de-
scribe any thing of this nature without plans or drawings, and
he should theretbre rest upon the indulgence of the House to
excuse the tiecesearily imperfect manner in width lie should
(Recharge his duty. First, it wile his intention to call upon
the Holm to give powers, under the Bill, for 'naming all
time stack of buildings situated between the Mews find St. Alar-
tin's-lane ; and also for purchasing the further stack of buildings
beyond these, botuided on the north by Chandos-strect, extend-
ing southward to die Strand, and having its eastern termination
near Bedford-street. The purpose of this extensive alteration
would be not only to embellish that part of the town, but to
melte a better communication between its west and eastern
quarters. Uposs the first portion of the lend so purchased, it
wait proposed to erect alarge quadrangle, the west side of which
was, already formed by the bentiful edifice built by Mr.
Smirite, and occupied its the Union Club-holm, and the College
of Physicians. The east tide wool(' be erected on a line with
the portico of St. Martin's church, and be competed of build-
ing* corresponding to those he had mentioned. On the north,
there would he 4 row of b-, ildings continued front Pallonell-east
to St. Martin's-church, :Minding a view of the splendid portico
of that church from Pall-mall. It was his wish that the paint.
Mr, statues, and works of art, possessed by the nation, should
be placed in this range of buildingit,' because he' thought they
would be More useful to the public there than in the British
Museum. He, however, desired to• see them still under the
guardianship of the Trustees of time British Museum.. It watt
also under consideration to have in the centre of the quadrangle
another large building to be devoted to the Royal Academy He •
hats mentioned to many who thought differently, and preferred
having die space left open ; but this world be matter left open
to the decision or the House. The quadrangle would have its
south side open to Charineecrose, Whitehall, and Parlietnent- •
street. It would be in extent front west to east WO feet; and
.from :the Statue op to what, in its present state, formed the
stumbles, the space woold he of equal dimensions. The other
part, for the purchase of which th:s thil was to provide, peen-
pied the grouna commencing at Chandos-street—running north
and: south to the Stroud, and ending at Bedford-street. By
this alteration the Strand, which in that part wits et present
only 3,m feet, would be made lin feet wide, from' the (Onlmngle
up as far us liediOrd,wreet. As all persons roust know how ill
adapted theme parts of the town were for the transaction of the
lousiness of so great It capital, be could not expect that the alter-
ation would he objected to. All time mails and stage.-coacher, from
the western.perts oldie k ingdom, were now obliged to come down
round Charing-cross, and enter time city by this narrow gulf,h :
the consequence of which wits, that :it was constantly locked
up, anti all descriptions of inconveniences, delays, and ac
cidents occurred, which it Would he most desirable to pre-
vent. It was therefore intentledewhen these houses were pulled
down, to make a wide, commodious street, running in a line
diagonally down to the Strand, rtosite Villiers-street ;so that
persons driving in through Pal -mail, might pess micro's the
upper part of' the .t.linelrangle, and, by eseiting.dewn this new
street, be relieved from the stoppage, and other meboveniencee,
now so justly matters of complaint. It wits alfei proposed
us make another large carriage way front the new line of Street
into Leicester-square, through the place called Ilemming'e.
row ; and e second comiminicetion with the Strand, be.
twi en Castle-court and liedibrd-street. Ile should hope
that this errangement would not only mild to the beauty of
the mettopolie, but by getting rid of many bud houses
which now crowded that part of the town, increase the conve-
nience and the commodiousness of the inhabitants. He could
lint be expected to give ntu idea of the beauty of the design.
after which the alteration was to be carried into effect, because,
as he had said before, he could not refer the House to plans.
He was aware limit such an Undertaking most involve great ex-
pence, and it was necessary that he should explain to the House
law thet expence was to be met. It was not the intention .to
come to the Hm oe for any grant in respect to the emend
slap t but if' it tuitions(' gallery, or any public building* were to
tie erected, as forming a part of it, then it would he for time
House to beer that part of the expence. Ile would not
enter into detailed explanations at this stage of time Bill,
but • he• could eay generally, from his knowledge of the
means of hia own department, and from intiirmatien in re-
spect to inhere, that tile expenses of the undertaking could
publics :without requieg an considerble aid from time
A power wotiuhl bey given bya the Bill to borrow
money for the purpose of carrying :on the wink, and . the
plan proposed was, to effect this by mortgaging a• part of time
'building.. It would, in fact, he nothing more than w continua-
tuns of the former Bill tinder which the new street had been
completed.: This-was the general plan, and he hoped it would
meet with no resistance. If they. neglected this opportunity of
purchasing the property which occupied the ground, it would
perhaps never occur again. Perhaps it might be satisfactory to
the House to know What had been the result ot' the building of
it egont-street, 'which hail contributed so nitwit to the bemutity
and convenience of the metropolis. Let it be remembered,
too, that they undertook that great work during time most ex-
pensive war in Which time country was ever engaged ; and he
believed there was not one !mermen in the metropolis who now
re, ratted ihat it was untiertaken.—(klear, hear f)—The result
of the bedding of these two streets, Regent-street and the new
street, was, that while the Crown property had been consider-
ably improved, anti a new permenent irderest created, they, at

the present moment, prodoced three per cent. upon the money
which had been expended._ Dear, bear !)—He was aware that
the building of the proposed quadrangle would create an ex-
pence greater in proportion than the streets, because there would
be a greater quantity of buildings, removed from ground which
would have nothing productive in their place. But even
combining this with the New.strect and I gent-street, anti'
Si
calculating the aggregate expence anti produ ofthitintef, Ite
thought they would yield an interest of two t he* litiTtal
per cent. Independent of the immediate athrantages w licit he,
confidently ascribed to the plan, he did think that the present
state of the metropolis with respect to budding ought strongly
to (Repose them in favour of its adoption. Buildings of every
deecription were growing up in all quarters, and keeping out
the air from the town, and it was impossible to say what would
he the extent to which this would be carried. .Ile therefore
thought that, whether for the high or for the low, whe-
ther for adding to the beauty of the capital, or for making
it more salubrious by having these open spaces, by means of
which the, air could circulate and he purl red--the alteration
would be equally deslrable and beneficial. Ile should propose
that the Bill be read a first time that night, and referred to a
Committee ; and upon the report of the Committee it would be
for the House to decide whether the plan be adopted or not.
The Right lion. Gentleman moved for leave to bring in a Bill
for extending to Charing-cross and places adjacent the powers
of the Act for making a more convenient communication with
the West-end of the Town, and for enabling the Commissioners
lof Land Revenues to rant leases of the Crown Lands.
Sir M. W. RIDLEY approved of the motion, and thought
the House ought also to consider the propriety of improving
theme parts of the Strand near Exeter 'Change..--( Hear, hear !)
—After what had recently happened, there were the strongest
reasons for removing the Alenagerie from such a situation. The
lion. Baronet also expressed his wish that the public should he
admitted to the same privileges in the Regent's Park as in the
other parks, which were open for their recreation and amuse-
ment. He understood that an objection had been made on ac-
count of the pastures, which let for about a hundred a-year. Ile
thought that if the wood was properly protected, the public
might be admitted withotit any injury to the park, and that
they ought to have, free ingress and egress to it. lie was sure
there was no one who had seen the new streets but would hear
testimony to the skill and taste of Mr. Nash. Whatever
differences of opinions might prevail.as to particular buildings,
he was sure all would agree that upon the whole the work was
the most magnificent appendage to a metropolis, in the form of
a street, which could be found in Europe. It did the greatest
credit to the architect, and to the taste of all who were concern.
ed with him in forming the plan. ,
Mr. ARBUTHNOT said. that no one was more alive than
he to the inconvenience to which the public were exposed in the
vicinity of Exeter 'Change. But in making public improve-
ments, they must deal its tenderly as they could with private
property. Now, the greater part of the neighbourhood of
Exeter Change was the privaterimerty of Loid Exeter, who
was not willing to part with it. Ile understood that when the
leases were out, Lord Exeter himself proposed to make great
improvements. All that he could say was, that he should.
be very happy to give any aid in his power, or to come to
any arrangements in vmformity with the intentions of that
Nobleman. lie could assure the lion. Baronet that the subject
of the Regent's Park had not escaped his attention, and he had
indeed been speaking upon -that very subject in the course of
the-day to the Hon: Member for Alontrose. : NVith respect to
the produce of the herbage, the Hon. Baronet was mistaken as
to its amount. Instead of its being only 100/. a year, it let for
1,800/. But be did not mean to say that this consideration
ought to debar the public front its use. No alteration could be
made this year, but every consideration would be given to the
matter, and he looked forward to the future removal of the
objections which existed now. Ile would take that opportu-
nity of adverting to the great additional facilities of re-
creation which bad lately been afforded to the public by the
alterations in Hyde Park. He did this not because •he himself
had executed the work, but because the idea had originated
with his Majesty, is the most grecioue manner. When he
had the honour of ,hewing; the plan of the other alterations to
hie Majesty, the particular improvement of the new road was
pointed out by his Majesty, as being likely to add to the public
convenience and advantage.—(Hear, bear!)
Mr. HUME did not object to the motion, but he hoped the
public would be put to no expence.—(A laugh.)—lt was the
wish of every one living in the neighbourhood that the barracks
should be removed.
Sir W. CONGREVE cordially agreed in the compliment
paid to Mr. Nash, and thought there might be some %artifice of
magnificence for the sake of reliving the publie from the hicon.
vemeoce at Exeter 'Change.
Leave was then given to bring in the Bill.
SUPPLY.
. The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved the
bringing up of the Report of the Reeolution of Supply passed,
on the lith of March. •
Upon the Resolution for the Civil Contine'ences,
M. HUME repeated the objections which he advanced in
the Committee. Ile stated that time expetice of our Embassies
alone was greater than all the civil expence of the Government
of the United states of America. Nothing. was so calculated
to bring Monarchy and all its trappings into disrepute aecom-
perisons of this nature. There was not so expensive a Govern-
ment as cure upon the face of the earth. • He thought the tliplo-
mimetic expenditure had beeo too large, and wished to express
that opinion upon, the Attie-10e. Ile should therefore move the
addition of words, declaring, "
..that in 1702 the diplomatic
expencee of the country artimmted to 113,989/., while in the
lust eight years they had exceeded 2,500,000/.."
Mr. Secretary CANNING said, It appeared to that if
the House adopted the course recommended by the Hon. Mem-
bee, it must prevent the vote.
Mr. HUME said, he only wished to add the expression of
his opinion. -
The fen eICER said. that if the lion. Member submitted
an abstract proposition •of this nature in such a form, it was
necessary to look at the peg on which it hung. The Hon.
Member would see, that if the course he proposed were adopted
a reported resolution of a Committee of Supply would carry on
the face ofit a matter which -could not have been discussed in
the Committee.
Mr. HUME said it did not follow that he was in the Home
when time Committee voted the resolution. But if the emend-
Aleut wms contrary to the rule anti practice he would not press
it. lie only wished to know how resolutions of a Committee
of Supply were to be amended.,
The SPEAKER said, that if the House amended a resolue
tion ot' Supply, the alteration could only be: such a one as might
have been made in the Committee. '!'hey :could increase the
som, or diminish it; but he apprehended-it would be extreme-
ly irregular to introduce abstract twitter of opinion mixed up
with a reported resolution of a Committee of Supply.
- Al r. HUAI E said be did not wish to prevent the passing of
the resolution, hut ouly to record his Statement.
'Arlirme. SI
il
?J.; Al I,l', LIR" Tlitint,eil thinki e"winenlltaitnln. better withdraw it,
Sir."—(A laugh.)
The resolutions were then all agreed to, without observation.
Mr. Ii ER RI ES moved the bringing up the Report of , Hee
eohoions of Supply, voted on the 20th of March. The Re-
port was brought up, and several of the Resolutions were
agreed-to.
Upon the Vote to the Society for Discountenancing Vice,
Sir .F, NEWPORT moved the reduction of
into details.of'rtniteln iitiwtohne
vote 10., for training Parish Clerks and Schoolmasters.
Air. tiOULBURN abstained from going
the subject. • Ilia wish was on that occasion to avoid an dis-
cussion.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT was also unwilling to yenew the
iliacusaion. ..
Mi. M. SMITH could not help thinking the Protestant
church :10 Ireland would stand upon more solid ground Wit took
on itself the charges for education and charitable purposes. ilia
Majesty's Government were more popular ellen any GoVerenctiuileitairt
H ever had been, and the on. Member recommended them to
increase that popularity by strict attention au economy.
Mr. HUME said he was desirous of mentioning one act to
the Chaneellor of time Exchequer, It was a case of p
atrocity, arising out of the system of education in Ireland.
Mr. GOULBURN spoke to order ; and said he believed the
ilomi. Gentleman alluded to a case in the evidence relating to'
chartered echools. The resolution which applied to these echOols
bad been decided the preceding night. The object underdls.
cuseion was of a different nuture.
Mr. II ITA I E
observed, that he v.evi art inceneed by the mix_conduct 19 which he alluded, that he could not allow the Di.
rector of the 'school to die a natural death—(A laugh),and
with that feeling had brought the subject before the !footle,
The Amendment was then negatived without a division..
'tfitln,ilee,.lmoteoti.oiletlrioerrrlolwe)s.rolutions having been read,. time Report was
agreed to.
Alr. ARBUTHNOT brought in time Charing Crose llin,
which Wits read the farm time, and ordered to be read a second
tier were. then disposed of, and time HoUse Ad-
journed at 1141,LF-PAST ELEVEN O'CLOCK.

LIST OF TI-11; 11IINORITV
Who voted for Sir J. Newport's Resolutions on the First Fruits
Fund of Ireland.
Abercromby,lln.J. Butch" Hon. Phillips, G.
t.son,
..
Calen& .1. C. 11. Robinson, Sir CI co.
Fitzgeral binson,
d, Ilt lion. Hume, .Joseph''lCA3' T. S.
111. Milton, Viscount Smith, John
Grattan, J, Martin, .I. , Sebriglit, Sir J.
Gordon, R. Illarjoribanks, S. Tierney, itt.iin,G;
Griffith, J. W. Ord, W. Whitmore, W.
liamilton, Lord 4. Palmer, C. F.
