. .
LAW INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.)

R hes*

VICE CHANCELLOR'S COURT.
HURLEY V. LORD FERRER&
This caw, it will be recollected, stood over fOr the
purpose of Mr. Wakefield consulting with Lord Ferrers
as to accepting the offer made by Mr. Knight, who ap-
peared as Counsel for the plaintiff.
Mr. WAKEFIELD this morning stated to his Honour
that he had consulted with his client, who could not ac-
cept the offer snide by the Learned Counsel.
Mr. KNIGHT-Then your Honour dismisses the motion
with costs.
The VICE-CHANCELLOR-Yes, let the motion be dis-
missed with costs.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DA Y.)

FROM LLOYD'S.

DEAL, JULY' 20.—Arrived the James Harris, Tilly,
from Jamaica; the Justina, Young, from Grenada; and
the Diadem, Fairclough, from Trinidad.

COWES, JULY 20.--Arrived the Falconer, Winsor, from
Rio Janeiro.

PLYMOUTH, Jur. 19.—Arrived the Packet, Briggs,
om Barletta, leaky. _

FALMOUTH, JULY 19.—Arrived the Magnet packet,
from Lisbon—sailed 10th inst. ; and the Susan and Sarah,
Knight, front Charleston.
PA DSTOW, Juts 19.—Arrived the Sarah Ann, Met-
calf, from Miramichi.

LivEaroor,, JULY 19.—Arrived the Louisa, Burshx,
from New Orleans; the Arnold, 'Wells, from Virginia;
the Nancy, Bailey, from Dareim ; the Jasper, Bodkins,
from Wilmington; the Blakeston, Molloy, from Montreal;
and the Try-again, Hyde, from Neiv York.
BuomuitouGH, JULY 19.—Arrived the Wilna, Rogers,
from St. Petersburgh.

GREENOCK, Juts 19.—Arrived the Catherine, Orkney,
from Jamaica; the Spence, Murray, from Quebec; and
the Nelly, Higgins, from Trieste.
GLASGOW, JULY 19.—Arrived the Kerr and Arrow,
Watson, from St. Petersburg!).
DUBLIN, JULY 18.—Arrived the Nelson, Wray, from
St. John's, New Brunswick.

WATErtroan, JULY IB.—Arrived the Agenoria, Hard.;
castle, and 13olivar,Mud, from Quebec ; and Flora,
Fogey, from London.

LIMERICK, JULY 18.—Arrived the llarvey Jordison,
from Queb•c; and City of Limerick, Cooper, from London.
DROGHEDA, Jinx 18.----Arrived the Isabella, Morris,
and Neptune, Brown, from Quebec.

The Sovereign, Austin, bound to Rotterdam, was on
shore at the back- of the eastern pier, Shoreham, yester-
day, with damage, having missed stays on leaving the
harbour.

The Auguste, from Gandaloupe to Ifivre, put into St.
llatin's, and sunk before the cargo could he discharged.

IRELAND.

ENNIS ASSIZES, JULY 16.

Barons PENNEFATHER and FOSTER, arrived here
on Friday night, and opened the commission this
day. Previous to the opening of the commission,
considerable anxiety was manifested as to the charge
which the Baron would make, in adverting to the
state of this county, and in developing what may be
anticipated as future Government proceedings, the
prevalent opinion being that the assizes would be
adjourned, owing to the crowded state of the
calendar, and many heavy murder cases to be tried.
But there is little doubt now but that the A ttorney-
General tvill redeem his solemn pledge of calling for
a new commission, as outrage and Terry-Altism has
considerably increased in Galway..
Baron PENNEFATHER said that this was the fifth
assemblage of a Grand Jury in the course of this
year. He felt considerable sorrow at seeing the
heavy state of the calendar; .but then there were a
considerable number on it which were not offences
of a recent occurrence. After eulogising the mild
administration of the law, and the clement discharge
of the Commission business, he said, if it were
found that the law, administered in a spirit of cle-
mency, was insufficient to repress crime, other co-
ercive and stronger measures must be resorted to, in
order to afford security to persons and property, and
not allow a lawless mob to rule in this or any other
county.

Prisoners are daily coming in, and tranquillity is
much more on the increase in this county than in
Galway ; although there are occasional manifesta-
tions of insubardination. It is in vain to deny the
fact, that there is a fixed barred arid hostility enter-
tained towards the constabulary force by the peasantry.
With the King's troops they are satisfied, and the re-
cent affair of the murder of Serjeant Robinson is traced
to the seductive conduct of Emerson, who bad pre-
tended to be a " Terry Alt," and the whole party
having gone in disguise on the day of that fatal af-
fray. There are two class-es of " Terry Alts," one
robbers and plunderers, the other who seek for a
subdivision of land, and who are at war %lid) the
aristocracy who monopolize the land. A case illus-
trative occurred to a friend of mine :—A party, three
_
months since, came to die house of 11-r. II
and demanded 21. on the following evening : they
had scarcely left it when another party came, desir-
ing them to discharge some obnoxious workmen.
The lady of the house told the latter party that she
had only been an hour before visited by the " Terry
Alts," who demanded money. They became in•
dignant, and desired she might decoy them on the
following evening, when the " robbers" should be
punished. On the following evening the " robbers"
came, and
quickly on their heels the other party,
who laid on them most inhumanly, and beat them
off the premises. There are a hundred of similar
facts.

CIVILIZATION.—At the last bull-fight at
Aranjuez, the most celebrated matador in Spain was em-
bowelled on the spot, amidst the loudest applAuse of the
Court and the other spectators. •

A few nights since a party of men went to the
house of a person named HICKIE, near Newmarket, county
Clare, dragged out the dairy-woman, and flogged her very
severely for going into HicxtE's service, replacing another
d airy- woman. —Limerick Evening Post.
A PLEASANT STAGE-COACII COUPANION.
—A
c remarkably tall man travelling inside of a stage-
coach, greseat, by the disposition of his feet. For many stages the
sufferer bore his fate with heroic fmtitude, and no word of
ck- incommoded the occupant of the opposite
cuntil the coach again stopped
tilain
changet escapedhors
horse', when uh•hiesnlitplsie tall gentleman unftstening the
door, exclaimed, " Well, I shall just get 'gut and stretch
soy legs a little." "Don't, for Gon's sake don't !" replied
the other, " they're too long already!"
ANECDOTE OF LORD NORREYS,—" Lord
Nogurrs, a lad of 22, and who looks 11, then presented
to
another petition, nd said it should have his hearty sup-
port--he, hated slavery; yet his little Lordship is an Anti-
fooif3atrlllieomEeanrtl
soof
sAooBnINaGsDIO,eN2
pined 21. His little, very little Lordship, when he ap-
Piled to a Quaker for his vote, received the following
reply. Little Friend go thee back to friend ABING""N,
and tell him to send thee back to school, and 0
-en thou
wilt learn a little modesty; for, hadst thou any, or friend
ABlNanols any sense, he would never have cent thee, nor
okr: rise
or
was H is
returned the son
wouldst thou have come to ask an old man like me to vote
for a little bay like thee to be rater over the people. Go
back to school, and thou mayest as wel, take friend ABING-
DON with thee.'"—Jamaica Courant—Private Corres-
pondence from London.

THE Mooßs.--All accounts from the hills
• concur in one thing, namely, that there will be this season
an unusual number of "subjects" for those who commence
their campaign against the feathered inhabitants of the
mountains and moors, on the 12th of August. The long
tracts of dry weather we have had for the last few months,
th,mgh adverse to corn and cattle, have been favotirtil? to
the winged game of our northern resion.q. 71;e
f eggs
in partridges nests have i 7,1 :-.,ost Cases exceeded the
average noitai,tr, veLiletlie coveys of grouse pouts were ge-
neraily large, and healthy, and lively withal. "It is an
ill wind," says the Scots
proverb, " that blows no one
good," Whatever evils the Boroughmongers may stifferfro, the " sweeping" Reform Bill, it will he a messenger
of good to the winged population of our moors,—inas-
much as it will detain in " the two Houses," and in the
raetmpolis, many of their immortal foes. By-the-by, it
will be no had means of testing the patriotism of some of
our Legislators, to notice whether or not they prefer their
parliamentary duties to that kind of occupation which,
bgh sport to them, proves death to partridges, pheasants,
ro. u
& --Eight Courier.
t
