~'~~

/,

,

11 --it...11/4
..,
...,
EVENING E tlYitiT
, •
. ,
.----,-,,:,-::., ;,..
~..-7-.•,::,(,.
-..."".... .. . ,
t.
-:,-.. - ---•- i
- • -.)1 ..4AZ.; ',..f......,.:,..........„-ro.t - _;..
........„,„,- 4,..., .......
- - -
~.. „....,
,y, .'
( m
i...,,
."1:1c"" tl. • l''' - • t-
^e '
..50,...6
) -1
.
, --" ~-,.ci. ,ct,,iii
____ ,
~.::
--Fer 2 , 4, ' ei .1
' ' .'''..:,- I, 0 . - , .s's--/ 41Pr .N.,5.„. +
.5,7,....i.,
,;;PN'Av, i
x.:4,2-7.17 . .
„...
Ist. P. , , ~:* .41? 0 1
.41 -.' .
,:,.'' ''.- '.
";:-%-
. ~...1,,,u41/4„ 4.74‘ i -,3,,,Tut. -,•-.1.
2,... J/ 1...,..

//~~~.~

.o 2 r--c-

PRICE sd.

tell the emancipated slaves that we have 14,000 par-
sons in this country.—Cheers from the Chartists.)
That's what he should have told them. That we have
Priestcraft and Kingcraft in this country, and that
when we do away with priesteraft and kingcraft, we will
do away with the whole boiling of them.--( Loud cheers
from the Chartists.) I have sworn to it that I will have
victuals. lam willing to work, I am not one of your
lazy ones, but victuals somehow or other I will have.
Mr. Gurney should have told the Negroes that we have
three Kings and three Queens to support ; there is
Prince Albert, to whom we have to pay 35,0001. a year ;
then there is that bloody old King Cumberland, and
what have we to pay the keepers to look after them ?
There is 85,000/. to the Horse Guards ; and the Foot
Guards, I see, cost 192,0001. But we arc not to go and
look at them, oh no, but you can because you live nut
of us. It is batter to do something that is useful and
not go after the useless thing you are now doing. How
is slavery to be abolished ? Why I will tell you. I
have got the ticket here somewhere. [Feeling in his
pocket and holding up a card.] Here it is, " Taxation
without Representation is Tyranny."—(Loud cheering
from the Chartists.) They call us firebrands, but we
are determined not to go on with the useless stuff you
would persuade us to, but sweep you all off the earth
unless you work for your own living.--(Cheers from the
Chartists.) I now second the amendment.
The Archdeacon then moved an amendment, and
spoke greatly against the first resolution and the plan of
the Anti-Slavery people.
The question was then put. Nobody seconded the
Archdeacon's amendment, and the Sheriff declared the
Original resolution carried. The contrary the Chartists
asserted to be the fact. The business was then wound
up as follows-T
--
The DEAN or NORWICH presented himself but was
unable to obtain a hearing, the Chartists disappointed
at the decison, keeping up a continual uproar. The
Dean, therefore, merely proposed the second resolution.
—(lmmense noise. A voice, " Three groatrs for the
Bishop of Norwich," which were given by the Chartists.)
Archdeacon BATHURSTYOu have given three
groans for one of the most generous men in the city.—
(A voice, " With 12,000/. a-year.") No, upon my
honour, not 5,000/., and I know the expenses attending
the situation he holds.

---")
~,iia>
fli,,z. 4 Vi
)^....;, -."

A voice—" Three groans for the Whigs of Nor-
wich." Another—" Three groans for the Poor-laws."
These calls were followed by loud huzzas from the
Chartists.
Sir CHARLES M. CLARKE came forward, but could
not obtain a hearing.
J. J. GURNEY, Esq., next came forward, and was re-
ceived with hootings, hisses, and discordant noises.
HEWITT—We won't hear you, because our amend-
ment was carried.—( Cries of " Off, off," and " Three
groans for Gurney," and for some minutes the noise
continued with unabated violence.)
Mr. GURNEY—Get me a hearing, friend Dover.
Any limn wh) has not a fair hearing is a slave, you
know ; if so, I am a slave then.
DOVER—Are you got so unpopular as to be obliged
to call upon a common weaver to get you a hearing ?
(first turning to the Chartists and then towards the
orchestra.) The noise continuing, Dover added—l
can't gag them, you know ; we have no gagging bills.
. .

Mr. GukNEY read the remaining resolutions, amidst
unceasing noise.
Sir T. POWELL BUXTON stood up amidst renewed
hootingi. The Hon. Baronet was unable to wake him-
self heard, but _ _

Colonel HARVEY proposed the cordial thanks of
the meeting to the High Sheriff, for his conduct in the
chair, and the admirable temper and discretion with
which he performed the important duties of his office.
This meeting, which had been so disgracefully inter-
rupted, was thus brought to an abrupt termination.

MONEY MARKET and CITY NEWS.

(MONDAY EVENING.)
CHRONICLE.—We regret to have to notice to-
day the stoppage of the old and respected firm of Messrs.
Wright and Co., bankers, Covent-garden. The nume-
rous speculations, however, in which Mr. John Wright
was known to be engaged, led the more observant and
prudent people to watch this establishment for some
time past, and the event was in many quarters by no
means unexpected. The announcement, therefore, was
not attended with any effect upon the funds ; and we
believe we may say safely, that no bad consequences are
likely to be experienced, in regard to the position of
other banks, by the unfortunate suspension of payments
on the part of Messes. Wright and Co. The subjoined
circular, issued to-day by the head of the firm, corres-
ponds with the view we have taken of the cause which
led to their stoppage.
'• It is with feelings of the deepest regret, that owing
to my inability any longer to support some large mer-
cantile undertakings, in which I bad most incautiously
and improperly engaged, I have unfortunately so com-
promised the credit of our banking-house, as to compel .
it to suspend its payments.
" I still hope these will, if not hastily hurried to a
close, indemnify our creditors against ultimate loss ; but,
should the result prove otherwise, I must, in justice to
my partners, acquit them of all blame, and impute solely
to myself the lamentable consequences which have now
ensued both in their regard, and in that of those es-
teemed friends who have reposed such unbounded con-
fidence in our establishment.

" I must further add, that my partners hare con-
stantly remonstrated and expostulated against every
irregularity and departure from the legitimate business
of the house, and for these reasons I prefer making this
announcement in my own name, however painful and
humiliating it is to me to do so.
" JOHN WRIGHT.
" Henrietta•street, Covent-garden, London,
November 23, 1840."

instead of increasing the rate per
should anticipate it in 1842, if her re,
it. He was against the absolute a ;celintoletriths*.o;
tree. The decree was, however, accepted-by a veil
large majority. Another resolution was passed, em-
powering the Committee to negotiate without delay
with New Granada and the Ecuador for their respec-
tive portions of the Colombian debt, on Vie same con-
ditions as those agreed to by Venezuela. It was inti-
mated to the bondholders, that with regard to Vene-
zuela the money was here, and the dividends wou'd be
paid as soon as the necessary arrangements bad been
made for the issuing of the new bonds.
During the debate in the Portuguese Chamber of
Deputies on the ion.g agitated subject of the navigation
of the Douro, the following argument concerning it is
said to have been made use of by one of the members :
—He said (he Treaty was sub:flitted to the house to-
wards the end of January, 1;53G, by the Marquis do
Louie, the Minister at that time, at whc sari quest it
was lodg( d with the secretaries, in order that it might
at some future time be sent to the proper comm.ttec.
No further notice had been taken of it until the present
Session. He conceived that silence meant consent, and
that consequently the Treaty had been tacitly approved
intot Portugal
al
lthe
grain, s a
wellpa r sal art
th el
by the Cortes, while at the same time he said it was
evident that no stipulations in the Treaty would allow
the
might be prohibited. Now, as the Corn-'aws exclude
all foreign corn from Portugal, and Spain, though per.
L etly acquainted with these laws, never objected to
them, he entranceweisneass,
e
oils, brandies, and vinegar's? were to s
be debarred the
advantages of the Treaty.
inferred of c S

SUN—The chief topic of consideration in the City to•
day has been the failure of Messrs. Wright and Co
It is useless to hazard conjectures as to the con ectness
of the various causes assigned for this lamented oc-
currence, which, indeed, in all probability, thrives its
origin from a combination of difficulties, rather than
from any particular one.
The President steamer had not been heard of in the
City up to this evening. Mr. Jaudon had engaged a
berth in her.

The English Funds closed firmly. For present trans-
fer the quotation on the Stock Exchange was 891 to,
and private bargains, after busiaess terminated, were
made as high as 89i to 90. Exchequer Bills brought
s. to 3s. discount ; Bank Stock 1591 to i ; India
Stock 241, and the Reduced Three-and-a-Half per
Cents. 974 to 4.
The Foreign Stocks were not buoyant, but generally
they maintained their previous value. The Active,
Spanish Bonds were quoted 23. to 4, the Portuguese
Regency 36, Colombian 254 to 4, Mexican 291, Buenos
Ayres 17i, Dutch Five per Cents. 97i to 981, and
Belgian Scrip A- premium.
The Railway Shares were much the same as on
Satui day.
At the meeting of South American Bondholders held
to-lay, the propositions of Venezuela were accepted,
and a unanimous vote of thaLks was passed to Lord
Palmerston for his support.

At the meeting of the Colombian Bondholders to-day
resolutions were passed authorising the Committee to
accede to the decree issued by the Government of Ve-
nezuela for the liquidation of the portion of the foreign
debt of Colombia attaching to that State, dated at
Caraccas, the 16th of September, in so far as the bond-
holders present at the meeting were concerned. A re-
solution was alto unanimously passed, expressing the
respectful acknowledgments of the meeting for the as-
sistance rendered to the bondholders, in the settlement
thus eff,..cted with Venezuela, by her Majesty's Secre-
tary of State for Foreign Affairs, and her Majesty's
Charge d'Affaires, at Caraccas, acting under his Lord-
ship's instructions, and their hope that they shall con-
tinue to experience the like valuable aid in the settle-
ment with the remaining States formerly composing the
Republic of Colombia.
Some anxiety is felt about the President steamer,
not yet
:t ahke e
been
whichre eei gtn
ui
saileda morerl t
accounted
which sailed from New York for Liverpool on the 2d
instant, no news of her arrival having been received in
the City at the close of business. An accident to her
machinery has probably been the cause of delay, and it
Is possible enough that the winds, although favourable
for her course in the quarter we had them here, may
have been contrary in the latitudes where the President
encountered them. The passage has certainly been un-
roefmatrhkeabNle,ewbuYork
e
the day before the
pusteamerssrueasilOxforddlye President,
pit
anc hithertohgkest
-as
nnhdoi
machinery of the steamer was disabled early in her
passage, we need not be astonished that she has not
yet appeared if obliged to trust to her canvas.

TIMES.—The English funds have been pretty ac-
tive all day, without any immediate cause ; but it is
presumed, from the turn of affairs just prior to the
closing of the market, that the advance is occasioned
by speculation. Nevertheless a good deal of general
business has been done.
At the meeting of Colombian bondholders which
was held to-day, the decree passed by the Govern-
-Izitthey
ought to receive, it would perhaps lead
ment of Venezuela offering terms of compromise to
discharge its acknowledged liability of 28i per cent, of
the entire debt due from the Colombian Republic, was
brought under discussion, and was very favourably re-
ceived. The subject matter of this document, which
has already been published, did not excite much re-
mark, coming as it did with a recommendation of ac-
ceptance from the chairman, who, in his indivi-
dual capacity, gave more than one cogent reason
sr Foite why the meeting should so acquiesce. It was to a
certain extent, he said, founded upon the modified
terms that the Committee on the part of the bond-
March last, and he therefore thought that it would be
to their interest to accept it ; and although he ad ' 1 mitted
to some itlhoeldeerffseroffwearsedbutot aSIY miserable rti
qu
pittancee o n
ofh w 11th of
ar-
rangement with the States of New Granada and
Ecuador. Besides, it was not to he lost
the Government provided by a deferred sight of that
stock for the
arrears of dividend, and in so doing
for 841. arrears of dividend. If the d gave 1001. bonds
be was afraid that it would cud . decree was rejected,
jog passive, and then there would in Venezuela
suc-
cessremain-
with the other two be no chance of States, .
waiting to see what was d which were doubtless
by Venezuela. The I one with the terms offered
the slow manner i loss appeared the greater from
n which the interest advanced,
but eventually six
per cent. would be paid upon the
1001. principal,
and five per cent. upon the 1001. de..
ferred bonds. Ita dholder. 111
whether, in the facweasofsuggested by
aof bVnenezuela
increasing as it had doneth withinreve
revenue of
last year
$400,000, they could not accept the decree with the
reservation that in the event of Venezuela being able
to pay 3 per cent. instead of 2 per cent. in a year, as
1 the case might be years hence, she should do it, or that
