HUNTINGDON REFORM MEETING.

Yesterday tt nniriiirous tind respectable Meet-
ing of the Freeholders of Huntingdon was held at the Shire-
..all, to take into consideration the present state of the House of
Commons, and the necessity of a Reform thereof.
Mr. ROPER. opened the business of the day by moving the
following,resoluuons:—•
" That the douse of Commons in its present state does not
duly expresiilthe sentiments of the people.
" That the conduct of that House upon ninny recent occa-
sions has shown that the influence oldie Executive Government
is such as to counteract the effects of public opinion.
"That among the effects of the present state of the House of
Commons, may be enumerated the wanton and profligate ex-
penditure of the public money, and the unprincipled creation
and continuance of useless places and unmerited pensions, in
defiance of the loud and general expresajoti of the public
feelings.

" That the neglect with which the Petitions of all classes of
the people, whether engaged in agriculture or manufactures,
have been frequently treated, affords an unequivocal proof of
the inadequicyof the House of Commons, in its present state,
to protect the rights, liberties, and properties of the subject.
That it Petition founded upon these resolutions be pre-
sented to the House of Commons, and that the Members for
the county be requested to present and support the same."
The original Resolutions were carried, with only three dis-
sentient voices, and a Petition founded on them was proposed
by Lord Milton, and seconded, in a long speech, by Mr. Ham-
mond ; and, after the rejection of an amendment, was agreed
to.—The Meeting then dissolved. .

A person accused of threatening Prince ESTER-
HAZY with personal violence was yesterday
brought up to Bow-street Office, and gave bail
for his appearance at the Sessions.—Bail was
taken by Sir R. 131RNIE in his private room.

We stated yesterday, on the authority of the
intelligence, received by Express from Paris,
that the War Credit of One Hundred Millions
had been voted in the Chamber of Deputies
amid violent declamations. It now appears from
the Paris Papers of Wednesday, received in
regular course, that the Chamber had again
presented one of those scenes of violence, and
we may add, of injustice, which reflect dis-1
grace, not only on the Chamberitself, but on
the French nation. The President having
opened the Sitting, read a letter which had
been addressed to him by several Members
of the Left, and which requested that he
would communicate to the Chamber an ac-
companying Di.claration, containing a Protest
against the illegal and unconstitutional measures
adopted for the exclusion of i. MANuEr.. The
Right side immediately exclaimed " Do not read
it!" and a turbulent discussion ensued, in the
course of which M. DunoN invented a practice
for the English House of Lords, which entitles
him to the praise of ingenuity! The majority on
the Right and Right Centre decided against the
reading of the Declaration, on which all the
Left, with the exception of two Members, left
the Chamber, protesting against its proceedings.
The Chamber then proceeded to vote on the pro-
ject of law for granting the extraordinary supplies.
On the final scrutiny, the remaining Members of
the Left and of the Left Centre refused to vote.
The number of voters was in consequence only
258, of whom there was a minority of nineteen

against the proj e c t.—lttlturiTiaesii,'Fceo:ritiriteddi rejected
cicattileilcaed)frgieotisit'ller
totoitinleiasi:9ll
juttoctrlit,iili has
tj:
been published ; and' will be found in ti.is tlay'i
SUN. It was signed by sixty Members of the
Chamber, who not only protest against the ex.:
elusion of MANUEL, but declare their conviction
that that measure is but the first 'pavement of a
faction desirous of placing itself violently obi"
all forms, and is but the prelude to a system
which conducts France to an unjust War abroad,
in order to consummate the coil:der-revolution at
home, and to invite theforeign occupancy of the
French territorN ! We do not venture to assert,
with' the Protesting Deputies, that the Ultras are
really desirous of placing France under foreig.o
.
military occupation ; but certain we are,as "
ce:statedyesterday,:ntleidtyttoh
ithatasilutt)hjeat
e
of the Chamber.
the basis of effecting
from
.i‘n
Madridarticle from mic, Bayonne
tere of Lord FiTz "to r SOMERSET,Sta IffillWilsrr:villafi
Spaniards had declined all foreign owdiati°ll°n
Lion. We do not believe the assertion that the
on the opening'
Speech of the King of ENGLAND,
of the Session of Parliament, bad given dissatis.
faction in Spain.
FRENCH FUNI)S.—M kilt:II 5. .
I;it.:bc•
' rive per Cents.
Spanish Bonds Ittll .......... ... ......... 334..
Neapolitan Five pet cents. ............. li7A t•
:it By aaynodntiltes
ePaperslio tos
ea.
%t
eletrieym 2"
thins;ll lilye i jl:
1 i:ttsl their
i '2l
i 7ratC:
ill I slt' i
that
ir'r:•
rived this ,morning; they mention that a
like appearance, that troops daily arrive, and
e.
most of them go into cantonments before 13a5'nnh '
„ e
whilst the remainder go into the villages e-,1 j
frontiers of Spain. General QUESAP:t arriVl'd
10iiile()r1el
anguishedobt the
effineceertari:l: a°Gn'ed—nn.°wiNsuEr-iLsilf:::"lidlaatseolftaYhie:r:iiiite';
tent:loiergfsainni.ze,daionindN,varn:
„P
and the three provinces, by placing at their .'
f,
at the
that
ar Army /
1 t his dis,
i iecan regulate
co
tit
iliide
ell bands
for
:hat
ipo .1
Cac.Aktitlro,owsk(l
pose ten millions of. francs is placet. u
,rona
posal. The new Generals who are to C(5l.- t.
be Pt
1 theY o division i tvhilsei on Faithof Naarvea rBrael till at: r''. ' 4 cs';',
t that
Letters of the 18th from Saragosa si'he .001-
General MONTI has 'earl l'a til'"
rly clew
(13 tt'''''
try of lienisca and Barbacho of the b°
infested them.
which prices they
[PROM A. CORRESPONO'SI.I ,block'
STOCK. Exc it ANGF H T ''''ill°
1 alf-past 1--' ' , ' 00144
Scarce! • .
Y any business has been done amth'. i at
in our Funds. Consols jat 731 ,
intelligence that the • flukeC
OP
i me of t
tsar.--A report hits just reached ~
.th P
"vi•
Expresses having arrived frmn Par's,
111$5
inivereroviavinneed
4,ithou 1
tro
of ANUOULgI
Sgel'ltGhNe E'
latter and LONO3. 1,0;4 d
10
set off for the army.
A OKET.--SPaniSlia t ffondslrst s onre
_nn:l4tll.
at 301, but thou.!' there was
Foe ETGN M OrnMatlliCr-ill-
' 99.il IT'
pearance of a rise, they declined to
little doing. : of the "'
I'. S. I cannot trace the rumour iti,eali
' ival of two Expresses from Paris to anY lit

The Army
source.
protectionp. of ---Nrolow—. ;,! t vnted
t
in the House of Commons. Mr. Pe:al'ie' 01
Estimates were last o.,ii I re'
the
the policy of the Holy ii'llil'iricoardl
_ .conduct of the French Government 00.0 l
Spain and
expressed his hope that the PA° to tlle
part of Great Britain. He
England would be extellde-1,0113
a_mmitistlittr nations, in the war which theJir in,
o Idea dependence.
m
—r. Homo: Su' boont dPPre do
illy 00
1-:a of a departure' from neutra"'d the
the preservation of their
Frenchuncl Government war guilty of n'3ane,sr;
but undertaking an unjust and nnnecessttrY :lop
1 he thought that England would be tt
fe
the principles
not involved in a
tyi e mad if she plunged into :the contlic
$,
que
sake of protecting Spain.--Ont th,e.,nitl,
lion is, whether the interests and the
ill'until
h perhaps eventually the independence, nr Ffil,gou 00
underton 0
Principles and for the objects avowed i
Government of France.
_—......w.---" I sntis"c'
I. r e refer " our readers with pride on( pioef
tion to our reportt
of _be proceedings at the
of SO
which_ was given yesterday to the Pdleingue°
Al-aavirzo, and to the Spanish and formosore
united m basiadors. All parties have bi thig tfioCii
to express their detestation of the r.
pO'
pies and projects
of France again° tops
Sir .'"
The Marquis of LANSDO NYS an° 'Of
16111
SS lint fli#
MACINTOSH ably expsed the weakne 1 Co°
% sic
of the pretexts o which th Frel'c'l
n . 0 of)doct., pt:
menu h d a attempted to justify its ~..oied Mi,ol,
JAMES MA
r.....
AT CINTOSII particularly rielb, 1
the all,
11‘1,11 EAU BRI AND for having advant-eu f his Os
'shed sale of French mules, as 00, e Corr
L sons for carrying war into the Spanisn te
vv(.lailris,idered oiscs
In

PEATH tfJOIIN PHILIP KEMI3LE, ESQ,

We feel deep regret in communicating the
following melancholy intelligence, received this
morning, in a letter to the Editor of this Paper:—
Extract of a Letter from Lausanne, dated 28th
February, 1823.

DElit have not forgotten your re-
quest; that, on my arrival at Lausanne, I should
Present your best recollections to your friend
KEMBLE. I came here on Monday evening,
the 24th instant, and the first news that
heard was, that he was expiring--not exactly
so, however, in point of fact ; for he died
on the `6th instant. But, in fine, our great
Tragedian is no more ! And he, who, in histrionic
art, could so well depict the final pangs of nature,
has been called on in turn, to act the part in
sad reality. I have seen the Physician who
attended him, and, anxious to obtain particulars
of. the latter days of so great and worthy a
character, .for my own satisfaction, and for
your information, I hastily subjoin the result.
—On Sunday, the 23d instant, he was, in his
own estimation, so very comfortable, that, on send.'
ing away his hairdresser, he requested that he
would say to his friend, Mr. PaccoTc, that it
would give him pleasure to learn, that after 'the
operation of shaving, his friend was as well
as he was. In fact, he seemed on that day in
particularly good spirits. The next morning he
rose apparently quite well,—breakfasted at nine,
and subsequently went to an adjoining room to
speak to Mrs. KEMBLE ; and then returning to
his room was observed to totter in his gait.—
Mrs Ki:stni.c noticed this with anxiety, and as-
sisted him to his, chair, and when seated, he took
up a number otGali4rnani's Messenger; but get-
ting worse, his friend and physician Dr.ScnoLx was
sent for, who arrived instantly, and found him in
the position described, but already altered and
exhibiting very unfaVourable symptoms-his left
side had suffered a decided attack, and he could
With difficulty articulate. He seemed ex-
tremely anxious to spare the feelings of Mrs.,
KEMBLE. Dr. Scnot.E, With the assistance
of his old-attached servant .George, helped
him to his bed, and, in the act of conduct-
ing him there, a second attack took place,
so suddenly, that his clothes were obliged to be.
cut asunder, in order that he might the more
speedily be let blood. But nature was fast
hausting ; nor could he ever make use of his
speech after a few words which he had uttered
on Dr. ScuoLL's arrival. lle,,however, assented
or dissented by signs of the head, until with-
in two hours of his complete extinction.
Ills last intelligible words, were " George,--
George ;" and you may imagine the feelings
of an attached servant to an excellent mas-
ter under such circumstances. In fine, a
third attack, on Wednesday the 26th instant,
just forty-eight hours after the first, proved
fatal ;, and though to a stranger he might appear
to suffer, it is the opinion of the Doctor that he
was long insensible to acute feelings of pain.
The English Clergyman was also present. I knew
Mr. KEMBLE only as a public character, and
consequently can give you no particulars of his do-
mestic life here. I understand, however, that he
was particularly esteemed, and is much regretted
in this city, by all classes, and almost vene-
rated by the lower, from the urbanity of his
Manners. He had imagined that the climate
of Italy 'would prove beneficial to his health ;
but having arrived in. 'tome three months
since,
,under unfavourable circumstances of
the season, he became worse and worse so
that the English Physician, Dr. CLARKE)
harried him away to return to Lausanne)
where he had been comparatively well. His
Occupations here were his books and his
garden,—the latter was his predilection ; and
it was resorted to by hint with the first
rays of the Sun, and kept in a state of
cultivation rarely to be surpassed. The
Funeral is to take place to-morrow, and will
doubtless be numerously and respectfully attend-

Mr• KEMTILE) we, believe, was in the sixty-
sixth year of his age.

THE KING.
BRIGHToN, IViAncut 6.-11(8 MAJESTY) we have
the satisfaction to state, continues in good health).

Sir WILLIAM DUFF GORDON, Bart. died this
morning at his house in Brook-street, Grosvenor-
%lmre.

Yesterday the Lords of the Council assem-
bled at the Council Office, Whitehall. 'rile
Yards present were—the Lord President, the
Lord Chamberlain, the Judge of the Admiralty
.aurt, the Judge of the Arches Court, Stc.—
rheir Lordships sat till about five o'clock.
tlbe Duke of YORK rode out in his carriage
eaterday about two o'clock, on a visit to the
"nen* SOPRIA.

TO THE
SPANISH AND PORTUGUESE MINISTERS AND
THE DUKE DE SAN LORENZO.

The Dinner announced to he given to the
niSh and Portuguese Ministers, at the City of London Tavern,
took place yesterday. It was a splendid spectacle, and' an
affecting eagerness was marked by many highly distinguished
characters, and we may say, by the public, -to be present on.
this occasion. It was impossible for all who desired tickets to
be accommodated. At half-past four, the doors of the Great
Room of the Tavern were thrown open, and every seat at the
different tables found one immediate occupant. The Spanish
flag was suSpetided•frOm the ceiling, and some emblematic de-
vices of a national character were displayed on the table.—
Among those who were earliest in their attendance were the
Earl of Darnley, with his son Lord Clifton, Lord Normanby,
Wm.;Smith, Esq. M.P., E. Ellice, Esq. ALP., W. Williams,
Esq. M.P., J. G. Lambton, Esq.l%LP., Alderman Wood, Al-
derman Venables, Mr. Sheriff Thompson; and Lord Atickland,
Lord Erskine, and Sir .lames Mackintosh came in together.—
At half-past six o'clock the Chairman, Lord WILLIAM BE X-
TxxcK., entered the room, • preceded by the Stewards, and
accompanied by his Royal Highness the Duke 'of Sussex,
the Spanish and Portuguese Ministers, the Duke de San
Lorenzo, and several Noblemen and Gentlemen. AMong
them were the Duke of Somerset, the Marquis of Lana-
down, the Earl of Essex, the Earl of Beshorough, Lord
Archibald Hamilton, Sir Francis Burdett, Sir Robert Wilson,
J. C. Ilohhouse, Esq. &c. The Neapolitan• General Pepe was
also present, but did not take his seat at the first table. The
Noble Chairman was supported on.his right by the Duke 'of
Sussex and the Duke :de San Lorenzo, and on his left by the
Spanish and Portuguese Ambassadors. About four hundred
persons' sat down to dinner, and 'after the cloth was removed-
and ‘'• Arim Nubis Pontine" sung,
he Noble CumastAx proposed the " King." .This was
drunk with three' times three, amidst loud applause.—Air,
" God save the King." • ' • •
The next toasts wererr7" The Constitution," with three times
three.

" The Duke of' York anti the Army."
Glee, ".flow merrily we live that Soldiers be."
" The Duke of Clarence and the Navy."-,—Air, " Rule
Britannia."
The Noble Cir rnMAX observed, that all formality would
be quite unnecessary with respect to the next toast which he had
to propose. It was merely necessary for him to mention the
heroic Spanish nation to secure the warm f9eling of every good
heart.:—(Applause.)—lt was needless for him to call down the
condemnation of every honourable mind on the odious principles
so dangerous to the liberties of mankind; which the Govern-
ment of France did not hesitate to avow.—(Land ('heers.)—On
this point the minds of all men of honour were already made
up. It was now his more pleasing duty to invoke the admire.
tout of this country on that uncompromising spirit with which
the brave Spanish people had spurned al.ldepinitlence'on France
in the firm resolution which they had come to of vindicating
the freedom of their country. But lie was, at the same time,
sorry to say that, in the present instance, lie was obliged to call
upon the sympathies of' the company ; • for, in the year 1808,.
when the. Spanish Deputies came to this country, they had
still abundant resources, and were enabled to send
.into the
field an army well equipped to combat the. foe. Hut now the
case was very different, in conseqnenee of their' haiing being
subjected to a ling and desolating war. They had nothing now
left but their own bold and independent epirit, yet that spirit
was neither-to be tint down by tyranny nor daunted by diffi-
culties. He should now propose—" The (",onstitutional King
of Spain and the Spanish Nation." This toast was received
with loud and reiterated acclamations..
The Spanish Ambassador (Admiral JinaTT) then rose, and
expressed his' acknowledgments in French. Has ing apologized
for his inability to address .the company in English, he said he
*as happy to find so lively an interest was excited for his coun-
try in so distinguished and respectable a company as that he
had now the honour of addressing. lie • saw 'before him men
who esteemed liberty and justice; and England inight well be
called the greatest nation in Europe. Be hoped that the rela-
tions of amity 'and the ties of commercial 'intercourse would
never be interrupted between Great Britain and his native
country.—(l4Oud and repeated cheers.)
The CHAIRMAN then gave, " The Constitutional King of
Portugal and the Portuguese Nation ;" three times three.
This was drunk amid the loudest cheering.
The Nlll'll4l/ EsE Amnassanon rose to return his sincere
thanks, as the Representative of 'his country for the honour
which had just been rendered to the Portuguese' Nation. He
felt some difficulty, in expressing himself, but lie would do so
in the best manner he could, anuneted as lie was by the reflec-
tion that he spoke in the presence of n Royal and an Illus.
trious Persomom, and in the presence of all this great
country could boast, that was noble, gallant, and honoured.
It was needless for him to say that the friendship of England
for Portugal had commenced st ith her existence as an inde-
pendent State. He hoped the bond of their, friendship would
never be broken. - Never had Portugal'. liten'in danger but
Great Britain had proved herself ready to aflbrd her all the
aid which was necessary for her prsservation.—(Applause.)—
If such was the part which England had acted by Portugal
under the Old Constitution, if Constitution that might be
called, which deprived the subjects of all their rights, what
might not be expected from this great country, when she was
seen struggling in defence of that Constinition which had been
framed by the will of tie people, with the consent of their Mo-
narch, as their King (John S'ith.) had identified his wishes
with those of his people.—(Applause.)—Feeling strongly
on this subject, they were satisfied that should Portugal be
called upon to defend that Constitution Great Britain would
affbrd his countrymen all the support they deserved, to enable
them to maintain their Independence.—(Applause.)—He should
no longer trouble the company, but would conclude, begging
of them to accept his thanks in the name of the whole of his
countrymen, for the honour which he had received. He beg--
ged to propose " The City of London and its Commerce."
The CHAIRMAN now begged to give the health of their
Royal and Illustrious Visitor, his Royal Highness the Duke
of Sussex. He was sure every man in the room felt sincerely
gratified at seeing his Royal Highness present on this occasion,
and would therefore most, cordially join to drink to- the Duke
of Sussex and the rest of the Royal Family. The toast was
drank with three times three, and with shouts of applause.
The Duke of SUSSEX rose with extreme diffidence, and cer-
tainly with strong feelings of gratitude to that distinguished and
respected society, to return thanks for the honour they had con-
fared upon hint by drinking his health, and by inviting him to
assist on this occasion. Never did an individual feel greater sa-
tisfaction at being so called upon; never did an individual feel
more impressed with the importance of that question which oc-
cupied their attention than he did. The Gentlemen who heard
him must be well aware of the extreme delicacy of the situation
in which he stood. They likewise knew that as an Englishman,
and as a member of that Royal Family which the free will
of the people had placed upon the Throne of these realms,
(Loud Applause.)—he could not but feel deeply interested in
every ease where public
leelibrty was concernetl.—(Applause,)
Having said thus much, trusted the Meeting would give him
credit for those feelings which he declined to express more at
large, and allow him to sit down breathing a wish which had
been generally avowed in former times; when the right of pro-
mulgating opinions was more circumscribed than it was at
present, that the Governments of France and Spain might not
be united by a family compact.
.This had been firmly resisted
at the period to which lie had alluded, and he trusted the prin-
ciple would not be admitted now. Ile concluded by acknow-
ledging the kindness of the Meeting, and declared the feeling's
inspired by the distinction which that assembly had conferred
on him would be cherished in his heart to the last hour of his
life.--( A pplause. )
The Marquis of Laysnowsr solicited the attention of the
Meeting for a few moments, while, with the permission of the
Chairman, he proposed a toast, which would in some degree
explain the motives which had brought them together. Not-
withstanding the sincere respect which they entertained for
those illustrious Nations, whose Representatives they were
,proud to receive that day, it was not on this account alone, but
on that of the great cause in which they were gloriously en-
-gaged, that they were desirous at this moment of proclaiming
their feelings to the world—he meant, the cause of National in-
dependence. This principle had been advocated by the wisest
men in all societies, in all nations, and in all ages—and
it had tended more than any thing else to develope, refine, and
exalt the human race. Where it had been lost sight of, the
darkest spots of history, perfidy, treachery and debasement,
were to be found. The violation of national independence had
now, for the first time, been attempted to be methotlised into
a system, not of international law but of international ty—
ranny.—e Loud applause.)--If such a. project were permit..
ted by .the inscrutinable decrees of Providence, or by the I
supineness of men, to succeed, society must retrograde,
and darkness and dangers the most appalling must return.
Were such a system long acted upon, not even England
herself would be safe—not even her high character, nor I

even the services whicii.she had rendered to the great com-
munity of Europe, if suck a system continued, would serve to
redeem the original sin of nor ancestors, who had emancipated
themselves from the thraldom of 'usurped controul, anti torn
the chain s which had restrained them link from link.—( Applause.)
He, however, could not believe that such a system would-be
permanent; he could scarcely believe it could exist through
another year. He wished to 'offer one word onahe subject of
the Spanish Constitution. , They were not then assembled to
pronounce on its merits or defects, but to proclaim, thavwhat
ever its defects might be, it was for Spaniards alone to cor-
rect thern.—(Applause.)—He could easily believe, when he
looked back to the circumstances of difficulty and danger un-
der which that Constitution had been framed, he could easily
suppose it to be endeared to the Spaniards by those circuit.
stances-4y the blood which had been spilt in its defenee—by
the 'favourable attention which it had formerly received from
other nations—and, 1110$ of all, by the attempt now making
by foreigners to subvert it,—(Applibse.)—Proud as he felt of
our own Constitution and Laws, sonic might think that in
that Constitutien and in those Laws (coniparatively perfect
as they were supposed to be), defects could be found.—
Were such the case, if that defect proved ten times greater
than he bad "at first supposed, from the moment that foreigners
undertook, to correct what was .thought an imperfection, he
ahould cling to it more resolutely than ever, well content to risk
life and fortune in defence of the existing Constitution, with
all its deficiencies, till the foul attempt had terminated, and
till the unholy pretence of foreign interference Was withdrawn.
--(Applause)—He never could believe that a great and gallant
people like the French could favour such a cause, as that which
their Government had made their own. He could not be-
lieve that that great Nation had of its own free will gone to
Verona to take out a license for making war on the freedom
of a neighbouring people.—(Applause.)--Still less could he be-
lieve that they, fond,as they -were of military fame, could de-
sire to send an army of Lycurguses and Solons to, thrust new
laws with the point of the bayonet on an unwilling and un-
offending- people.—(Applause.)—The quarrel, so tar as the
French were concerned, was not a national quarrel, and there.
fore he hoped that they would fail; the resistance on the part
of the Spaniards mustbe national, and, from that circumstance
he felt confident that they must succeed. That gallant nation,
Spain, (by what must be admitted to be a hard, but which,
while it was a hard, was at lite same time a gr'eat and glorious
destiny) had been called upon twice, within it very short period,
to stand forward in the great cause of the independence of me.
tions.--(Applause.)—Out of the former contest they had come
triumphant, and be prayed and hoped for her own honour, but
not more for her- own honour, than for the benefit of other
countries, that she might come gloriously triumphant out of
this.—( Enthusiastic applause.)—lt was for the purpose of em
bodying these feelings and to defend the rihts of free states,
that he now proposed as a toast—" The independence of na-
tions, and may it ever be the desire, as it is the duty, of neigh-
bouring states, to respect it."--(Applause.)
The toast was drank with three times three, and followed
by long continued shouts of approbation.
The healthy of the Duke of San Lorenzo, and of the Secre-
tary of Legation, M. Colon, were next proposed from the Chair,
and drank with three times three.
The Duke of SAN LORENZO briefly acknowledged the ho-
nour he had received, and on account of his imperfect know-
ledge of the English language, referred to the. Secretary of
Legation for a fuller expresssion.of liis sentiments.
The SECRETARY of 14oaTioat then read a paper express-
ing the anxiety of the Duke of San Lorenzo to testify his gra-
titude for the kindness he had received in this country. A
lasting impression had been made on his mind, and would be
made on the minds of all Spaniards by the proceedings of
that day. He described the difference to be great between
the treatment he had met with on this, and that which he
had experienced on the other side of the Channel. There, he
would not disguise the. fact, many things had occurred indi-
cative of a confirmed antipathy. Much did he congratulate
himself on the change which lie had remarked, on coming to
England, where he had been welcomed with kindness as ho-
nourable to the nation from whom it emanated, as to the indivi.
dual who was so fortunate as to receive it. From the moment in
which he had landed-in this free country, he had met with the
most cordial and enthusiastic greeting. Ae had found in the
GovernMent and Nobility those qualities by which the
Alinistere and Nobles of a state ought to be distinguish-
ed—urbanity, condescension, and sympathy. The Paper
spoke at some length on the present prospects of Spain,
and declared that it would be found she possessed both iron
and gold—iron, for guns, and gold to meet the expences
of time conflict. In the struggle. for . their independence,
they doubted not that they should be succoured and counte-
nanced by Great Britain ; and the world would see that the
Spaniards were the same men in 1823 thilt they were in 1808.
At the last mentioned period they would not suffer a King to
be forced on them by Buonaparte ; now they would not submit
to have a Constitution.forced upon them by the, legitimate sue'.
cessors of that illegitimate despot—they would not endure that'
laws should be pressed on them at the point of.a French mos-
ket.--(Applatise.)—Having thanked the compaft 'tf, for-the lion,;'
our which the Duke of San borenza and the.tseeretarY of Lega-
tion had received, the latter said, it had been his intention to
have addressed a few words to the Meeting on the cause which
they were met to support, but his country had found so able
'an advocate in the Noble Al arquia, that nothing remained fur
him to say._{Loud Applauae.l-11e concluded by giving as a
toast—" Prosperity to Great Britain.'.'
The toast was drank with applause.
! " The City of London and its Commerce," which 'had befnre
hem proposed by the Portuguese Ambassador,-was, new drank
with three times three.
111 r. A. BARING, when he saw so many of the various inte-
rests of the City of London represented in that assembly, felt
it necessary to apologize for his presumption, in rising to
return thanks for the toast which had been given by his Excel-
lency. the Portuguese Ambassador. It watt impossible to do
so without noticing the sympathy which this country mani-
fested for the situation of those two great nations whose Am-
bassadors were then present. lie was sure that ninny as were
the occasions when British generosity had been called forth,
he did not remember one in which the hearts of all classes hod
been so strenuously united as they were on this. Ile spoke of
the commercial relations between this country and Portugal
(whose dealings were proverbial throughout Ettrope for ho-
nesty) as having produced with her, and also with Spain, the
greatest personal intimacy. Ile saw with satisfaction all the
mercantile interests of the country assembled on this occasion,
anti acting in concert with a personage who stood very near
the Throne, and with Peers of the Realm. In this he saw a
grateful illustration of the harmony existing among all orders
in this country. It showed that the commoner could meet his
superiors without fear, and that higher orders might mix with
thetr inferiors without exposing themselves to be treated with
disrespect. He did not think it was saying too nmeh to con-
tend that the extension of our commerce to different parts of
the world had effectually served the cause of Liberty. He
believed it to have sown the seeds of that spirit which had dis.
played itself in the Peninsula, and which, if for a season it had
been slow in its growth, promised in the end a most abundant
harvest. With this impression on his mind, he would propose
as a toast—" The extension of commerce and civilization to all
parts of the globe."
The toastiwas drank with three times three.
The next toast was the " Cortes of Spain and Portugal."
Drank with three times three, and with loud acclamations.
Sir J. 111ACKINTOSII said it was very agreeable for him, and
not a little fortunate for the Meeting; that the toast which he
mended by so much intrinsic mi.few.wrorcrwere necessary from him in intro-
oboanad to
ncerotphosate was e
clueing it. Had it been otherwise, he confessed he knew not
what he could have added withadvantage to the generous rea-
soning and powerful eloquence of his Noble Friend. What
he had imagined, the Noble Marquis had uttered, and he
could desire no greater advantage than that his ideas should he
clothed in his Noble Friend's language. But a great part of all
that was necessary to be done on this occasion had been done in
the very first address that waft m ade to the Assembly' that evening.
Their Noble Chairman, in a short but manly and energetic ad-
dress, worthy of* man who had fought the battles of his coun-
try in all parts of the world, had advocated the cause of Liberty
in language becoming the descendant of William the Third.—
(Applause.)—lt was remarkable that the name of Bentinek had
appeared on the side ofliberty in a former age, when it was assailed
by a Bourbon ; but it was perfectly natural that the Noble Lord
should act as he now did. It was not to be expected that he
would call that revolution an act of usurpation which had esta-
blished at the same time the family of the Noble Lord and the
tights and liberties of the country. The toast which he had
I to give recommended the preservation of. the peace of Europe.
Tins was perfectly consistent with die principles which brought
them together. Their object was to express reprobation of an
attempt to disturb that peace by acting on principles which
struck directly at the independence of' Nations. The two
gallant and renowned Nations whose Representatives were
then present were necessarily united, even without the aid of
treaties. One of these was our most ancient Ally. When she
had been threatened by France, she was succoured by us, and
British valour had proved the cradle of her liberty. The Spa.
nish nation was connected with this country by similar desa—
lt was the only Monarchpyrinweihoili,haagtgl
aggressions. In
itliirninlBamsiltsorhet
period,su,as
ec.xxpocitslld,ufnmivmersji. Interest from the danger to which
had craved assistance in her greatest need by her Deputies, who
were sent to this country. The Weal was not made in vain.
—The British nation flew to arms, and had the honour of par-
ticipating in those combats which had saved the independence '
of bpain. A similar appeal was now ninth, for again her in-
dettentlence was menaced by violence, as unprincipleti as that of
which she had complained before, and already the appeal was
answered by the. British Nation. The people had pronounced'
their: judgment on the great impending contest. 'Vii voice

of all parties, both in and out of Parliament, Lad declared
in favour of Spain. The Government, by its: silence and
forbearance, gave all the effect they could to_ the efforts of
those who wished to preserve the peace of EttrOpe and the in-
dependence of Nations. The judgment to which he had alluded
was every where pronounced with a few suspicious exceptions
in favour of Spain. If the principle on winch she was threat-
ed with attack were acted upon without opposition, there
would not long remain any Law of Nations in the world.—
Independence would cease, and so, in fact, would. nations;
for, in his judgment, a nation could nut with propriety be. said
to exist, which was not intlependant. ile pointed out the
futile reasoning urged by the French Illiniater, in defence
of the meditated war. One ground of, complaint wastthat the
independence of Spain would have a tendency to diminish the
sale of French Mules.—(A- Laugh.).-This was urged as a
cause of war, though every one knew. that Spain had an un-
doubted right to prohibit, if she pleased, every article that could
be furnished by France from coming into her territory. Spain
had done nothing against the independence of other nations—
she had not invited the subjects of other states to rebel against
their Sovereigns nor had she in any case considered other Go-
vernments to be less lawful than their own. There were, there-
fore, less grounds for making War on her, than the Allies had in
1793 (though it was not for hint to defend, them) for making war
against France. Reconsidered that the partition of Poland, had in
point of feet, led tothe attack now to he made on Spain. Theprin-
elides contended forby France, Would lead to interminable war.
They would justify the Emperor of ,Russia, if he had the power.
which thank God he had not, in overruning America---they
would also authorise, him in establishing an army of Cossacks
in London,. and to demand that our affairs should be submit-
ted to the united wisdom of Siberia and Kamstchatka.—(A
laugh.)—ln June last when the French King eloSed the Session
of the Chambers, he declared that nothing but the blackest
malevolence, wishing to rekindle- the brands of discord and
war, could have so misrepresented his intentions as to de-
scribe the .fanitary cordon to have been established for any
purpose but to [guard against the progress Of the yellow fe.
ver. It was now seen who were the parties that were anxious
to rekindle the brands of war and discord, .the baleful flame of
which it was extremely'possiblemight shortly extend through
Europe. M. de Chateaubriand had objected to the Spanish
Constitution that it would enable that nation to form indepen-
dent treaties with friendly_ States. It might enable her to form
friendly. treaty with England,'` which perhaps itt..s the Power
which M. de Chateaubriand had principally in his eye. Ile
hoped it would not be forgotten by Olio, country—by Spain.--
or by Europe, that if France considered it her interest to make
Spain dependent, it had always been the policy of Englaed
to see that she was independent.-4Applause.)—He exult-
ed, as his Honourable Friend had done, in the happy il-
lustration furnished by that Meeting (X our political-liber-
ty, where men of all persuasions conld meet without. acritno-
ny.-:-a here men of all ranks were blended without. confu-
sion, and where men of all parties mingled Without involving
a sacrifice of principle. Ile rose to give a toast favourable to
the preservation of peace, but those who heard him knew that
peace was not to be preserved by mean submission, but by ac-
tive courage and wise foresight. He concluded by giving as a
toast, " The preservation of the Peace of Europe."
This toast was drank with three times three.

- The Duke'of SirssEx, after an animatA eulogy on the merits
of their Noble Chairman, gave. the a health of Ltird-Wm.
Bentinek,',' with three times three.
The toast was drank with shouts of approbation.
The Noble CHAIRMAN, nano words could do justice to his
feelings, begged simply to return his sincere flunks for the
honour he had received.

The next toast was, " The Duke of Wellington and the
brave ra6h, of whatever country, who foUght for Spanish free-
dom on Spanish ground."
" Sec the conquering Hero comes' was then sung.
Mr. LITTLETON expressed the high satisfaction which he
derived from meeting so numerous a company, 'and witnessing
such intense ardour. in the cause of Spanish He spoke
with much animation on the importance of this question now at
issue; condemned the principles upheld by the Holy, Alliance,
and concluded by giving ass a toast" The cause of civil and
religious liberty allover the world."
The toast Was drunk with three times three.

.....
The next'toasts were" The Governor and Deputy-Gover-
nor of the-Bank of England" .
" The Chairman, DeputyXhairman, and Directors of the
East India Company."
These toasts were drink with the usual honours ; and Mr.
But.-En and Mr. W. NVI 0 RAM returned thanks.
The Cita instAx next gave the health of the Stewards.
The Duke of SOMERSET returned thanks for the Stewards.
The •Noble'CttasltatAw and the Duke of SUSSEX left the
room at about eleven o'clock, and the company wholly sepa-
rated shortly after, the harmony of the. day baying been pre.
served with unfailing spirit till the last.

The following Air was sung by Air. BROADHURST at the
above Festival
AIR—" Scott :chit /at.
awaked from slavery's tranz
" Spain who spurned the yoke; 4' jeer,
" Saw NAPOLEON's hortles.atiVance,,l
t.
", Flushed with victory :
" Spain, in native-valour strong,
" Backward drove th' invading throng;
" Bold her sons, and this their song—
. " Death or liberty !
" Proud Iberia, gallant land !
" Reared the pile by freedom planned,
" Fired the torch,by freedom fanned,
" Scorned to bend her knee !
" Urged by foreign despots, Gaul
4' Flies to arms, and, venturing all, •
" Forced to tight, but tights to fall,
" Leagued 'gainst liberty !
" Shall (forbid it, Heaven l) the men
" Who, from mountain, rock, and glen,
" Babied France, as France was then,
" Now defeated be ?
Shall they break their patriot vow,
" Who master'd strength to weakness bow,
44 Yield to France, as France is note fi
" No.—they shall be free !
44 Britons ! you whose patriot train
" Oft has spurned oppression's reign—
. '" You whose hearts bessithigh for Spain,
" Pledge one cup with me :
" Soon may Spain, in justice 'strong,
" Backward drive th' invader's throng;
Bold her sons, and this their song—
" Death or liberty !'

FASIIIONA BLE ARR IVAIS.
The Marchioness of Salisbury, from her seat, Hatfield ;
Lord Lilford, from his seat, Northamptonshire ; Lord Charles
Fitzroy, from his seat in Northamptonshire s • Earl Ludlow,
from his seat, Cople, Bedfordshire; Earl Caledon, from Rent;
Sir Henry and Lady Georgina Wellesley, from Hatfield ; Col.
Lowther, N.P. from the Earl of Lonadale's seat, Cottesmore,
Rutlandshire ; the Hon. Mr. Ponsonby, in St. Jame's-square;
Lady Sophia Heathcote, from Brighton; Viscount Clifden,
from his seat at Roeharapton.
FASHIONABLE PARTIES.
Viscount Marcellus, the French Ambassador, gave on Thurs-
day, a splendid fete at the seat of the EMbassy, in Portland-
place, the residence of the late Spanish Minister.
The 'Archbishop-of York gave a sumptuous entertainment
yesterday to a large party.
Lord Calthorpe gave a grand dinner yesterday at his house in
Grosvenor-square.
Mr. Stuart Wortley gave a grand dinner yesterday at the pa-
vilion, in Curzon-street, May-frux.
Sir Robert Wigrarn, M.P. entertained yesterday as large
party of distinction at Connaught-place.

BATH D. and Lady Baker, Sir Jos. and
Lady Huddart, Sir E. and Lady I iartopp, Lady J. Stephens,
Admiral Sir Thos. Hartle, lion. Mr. Lester —Dr. Taylor,
Adm. Sotheby, General Poulett,,. Gen. Wood, Colonel Woisl,
Col. Gilmour, Col. Manic? Major Sheraton, Capt. and Mrs.
Forbes, Capt. Mrs. and Miss 'Jenkins, Captain
.Adams, Cap.
taro Duncan, Captain Eyre, Captain Huntley, Captain Fey-
ton, Captain Scott, Captain Stephens, Captain Stevenson,
Captain Savage, Captain Wallace, Lieutenant Sturges.—Rev.
'Dr. Morrell, Rev. Dr. Worthington, Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Cook,
Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Goddard, Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Jones, Rev.
Mr. Cassan, Rev. Mr. Day, Rev. Mr. Moore, Rev. Mr.
Williams.

We regret to state that Mr. CANNING suffered
considerably yesterday from a smart attack of
the gout.

Sir WILLIAM ELLIOT, Bart. is shortly expected
a town from his seat in Scotland.

Miss DANCE is performing with success nt
Bath, and her sister is to make her first appear-
ance there next week.

Mr. DowToN is performing with great eclat
some of his most celebrated characters in Dublin.
tit opened on Saturday night last in Dr. Cant-
well, and on Monday played Sir John Falstqa:

A M E :InVe**:t'lmr-"!

••• •,•-
Faost NAssatT.—By the packet schooner Swift, Captain
RUNGE*, we have our file of Nassau Papers to thel6th inat.
They contain nothing of much interest.
The Governor of the Bahamas has forbidden,, I>y Prockaus.
tion, the exportation from those Islands of Corn, Flour, Bread,
Biscuit, Oats, Pulse, or (gain of any. tort, until further notice.
Complaints are made' at Nassau that, notwithstanding the
port is open to the American trade, very few vessels visit it;
and that while the putports are well supplied with the necea.,
saries of life, by vessela from the United States, which smuggle
in their cargoes, thej'are frequently Very short of the necessary
supplies.
H. B. M. brig Kangaroo, De 111avir., from, Jamaica,
and last front Havannah, arrived at Nassau the 313th
The Royal (atette of the 15th inst. says-_" We hasten t,)
lay before our readers, a clause of a. Law lately passed by
the State of South Carolina, entitled " An Act for the better
regulation and government of Free Negroes and persons of "
colour," which may very seriously atTect any of our vessels trad•
ing to that State. This law altogether appears a _very singular
enactment of a free country—that a free mariner going thither
is liable to be sold as a slave, should he, even by accident, lie left
behind by the hasty sailing of his ship ; and tl:e master also
liable to a heavy fine and imprisonment.
A late Now'Orleans Papas says, a rumour has been sev,-
ral days in circulation here, that the British are about em.
barking seven black regiments from their islands in the 'West
Indies, in order to take possession of such parts of. the Island
of Cuba, as have become notorious for pirocy."—(.'Vere York
Mercantile Adrertiser.)

' •
46
( r
as
• 4'
..ta't • 4,„
;%. ' skh: f' ...le..
, .szY)
v" \ - -NV-*,47 4,"
( esp.' " ?''ER () 4sl.' •
4, 490.
*l4

GRAND PUBLIC DINNER.
