DOWNING:STREET, JITNE_2.

The King has been pleased to appoint Sir James Macdonald,
Bart., to be Lord High Commissioner in and to the United
States of the -lonian Islands.

FOREIGN:OFFICE, JuNr..s.

The King has been graciously pleased to appoint David Richard
Morier, Esq., late his Majesty's Consul-General in France, to be
his Majesty's Minister Plenipotentiary to the Confederated
States of the Swiss Cantons.

\VAR-OFFICE, JIINS 5.
31E1101tANDUM.—The half-pay of the under-mentioned Officers
has been cancelled from the sth instant, inclusive, they having
received commuted allowance for their commissions :

Assistant-Surgeon IL King, half-pay Hospital Staff; Assistant
Surgeon IL Muir, half_pay Ist Foot; Cornet J. Veitch, half_pay
28th Light Dragoons; Lieut. C. Naugle, half-pay 62d Foot ;
Lieut. W. Loraine, half-pay unattached, Assistant-Surgeon S.
'Worrell, half-pay Coldstream Foot Guards, Captain R. Johnston,
half_pay 17th Foot.
The half_pay of the under-mentioned Officer has been can.
celled from the Ist January 1832, inclusive, he having received a
commutel allowance for his commission :
Cornet A. M'Cally, half-pay 22. d Light Dragoons.

OFFICE OF ORDNANCE, JUNE 4.

Royal Regiment of Artillery.
Second Lieut. F. Wodehouse" to be First Lieutenant, vice
Dyer, promoted, May 29.
Corps of Royal Engineers.
Gentleman Cadet G. IL Hutchinson to be Second Lieutenant
Gentleman Cadet R. G. Hamilton to be ditto ; Gentleman Cadet
H. W. Lugard to be ditto; Gentleman Cadet W. C. Hadden to
be ditto; Gentleman Cadet R. S. Beatson to be ditto, May 29.

Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Glamorgan.
R. Franklen, Esq., May 12; J. E. Baillie, Esq., May 21, to be
Deputy Lieutenants.
Commission by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Kent.
West Kent Regiment of Yeomanry Cavalry.
J Hayward, Gent. to be Cornet, vice Hopkins, resigned, May 31.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the West Riding of the
County of York, City, and County of the City, of York.
Yorkshire Hussar Regiment of Yeomanry Cavalry.
R. S. Gascoigne, Esq., to be Captain, vice Markham, resigned,
May 23; J. Simpson, Gent., to be Lieutenant, March 19.
Southern (West Riding) Regiment of Yeomanry Cavalry.
B. Boomer, Gent., to be Cornet, vice Close, resigned; E. A.
Walker, Gent., to be ditto, vice Thorpe, resigned ; A. B. St.
Leger, Gent., to be ditto, vice Cartwright, resigned, May 23.
Commission by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Flint.
Royal Maylor Yeomanry Cavalry.
R. H. Hilton, Gent , to be Cornet, May 9.
Commission by the Lord Lieutenant of the County Palatine of
Chester.
The King's Regiment of Cheshire Yeomanry Cavalry.
R. Worthington, Gent., to be Cornet, vice Williams, promoted,
May 29.

DECLARATIONS OF INSOLVENCY.

ANNA and WILLIAM COOMBS, Bennett's-hill, builders.
THOMAS DUNSDON, Worcester, pastry-cook.
BANKRUPTCIES SUPERSEDED.
JOHN BLAKEY, Habergham, Eayes, Lancashire, cotton.
'Pinner.

SAMUEL EMDEN, Bucklersbury, merchant.
BANKRUPTS.

JOHN WALKER, GO;ier.:stieesejoolmaster, to surrender
June 18, at twelve, and July 17, at eleven, at the Court of Bank-
ruptcy. Mayhew' Johnston, and Mayhew, Carey-street.
ADOLPHUS GOLDSCHMIDT, CHARLES WILLIAM
STOKES, and EDWARD MEYER, Great St. Helen's, mer-
chants, June 26, at one, and July 17, at two, at the Court of
Bankruptcy. Oliverson, Denby, and Lavie, Frederick's-place,
Old Jewry.
JAMES RITCHIE, East-lane, Walworth, baker, June 12, at
twelve, and July 17, at eleven, at the Court of Bankruptcy.
Johnston, Cecil-street, Strand.
JONATHAN BILHA I‘l, Old-street, St. Luke's, victualler,
June 12 and July 17, at one, at the Court of Bankruptcy. Smith,
Charter House-square.
CHARLES BARTRAM, Bankside, oilman, June 15, at ten,
and July 17, at twelve, at the Court of Bankruptcy. Fyson and
Beck Lothbury.
THOMAS WARINGTON, Guildford-street, wine-broker,
June 1, at twelve, and July 17, at ten, at the Court of Bank-
ruptcy. Maule and Horne, South.square, Gray's Inn.
PIIILLIP CLARKE, Moat-Hall, Shropshire, maltster, June
18, and July 17, at eleven, at the Talbot Inn, Shrewsbury. Black-
stock and Mince, King's Bench-walk, Temple; Watson, Shrews-
bury.
SAMUEL BRIARS, Chester, silversmith, June 23, and July
17, at eleven, at the Blossoms Inn, Chester. Bower, Chancery-
lane.
EDWARD lIALSALL, Bristol, watchmaker, June 16, and
July 17, at one, at the White Lion Inn, Bristol. King, Bristol;
Adlington, Gregory, and Faulkner, Bedford-row, London.
WILLIAM HENRY LOCKETT, Manchester, wine mer-
chant, June 19, 20, and July 17, at ten, at the Albion Hotel, Man.
Chester. Johnson and Weatherall,Temple, London; Booth and
Harrison, Manchester.
EDWARD HIGGINS, Dudley, Worcestershire, hatter, June
19. 20, at nine, and July 17, at two, at the Albion Hotel, Man-
chester. Johnson and Weatherall, Temple, London; Booth and
Harrison, Manchester.
WILLIAM BATES, Lees, near Oldham, Lancashire, cotton-
spinner, June 20, 21, and July 17, at two, at the Star Inn, Man-
chester. Johnson and Weatherall, Temple, London ; Seddon,
Manchester.
THOMAS STONER and THOMAS STONER, jun. Berwick,
Yorkshire, corn.millers, June 13, at eleven, at the Court House,
Leeds, and July 17, at one, at the Castle oeYork. Robinsoa and
Barlow, Essex.street, Strand, London; and Ward, Leeds.
WILLIAM BLACKBURN, Newcastle-upon-Tyne,
sterer, June 26 and July 17, at eleven, at the George Inn, New-
astle-upon-Tyne. Brooksbank and Earn, Gray's Inn square,
London • Brown, Newcastle-upon-Tune.
TIIOI4 AS LOCKWOOD, Huddersfield, Yorkshire, wool-
l_tapler, June 21 and July 17,
at ten at the offices of Messrs.
J_acomb and Tindale, Huddersfield. Jacomb and Tindale, Hud.
dersfield; Van Sandau, Old Jewry, London.
__THOMAS LOCKWOOD, jun. and JOHN COCKBURN, Huddersfield, Yorkshire, woollen cloth-manufacturers, June 21
July 17, at eleven at the offices of Mesrs. Jacomb and Tin-
;lle, Huddersfield. Jacomb and Tindale;s Whitehead and Ro.
parson, Huddersfield ; Van Sanclau, Old Jewry, London.
RICHARD COLLIER BAWYLL, Horn Tavern, Doctors'
( ommons, tavern.keeper, June 16,and July 17, at eleven, at the
Court of Bankruptcy. Harman, Howard-street, Strand.
WILLIAM VIZ ARD FO. WELL, Clapton, Gloucester
shire, cattle-dealer, June 22, at two, and July ' aat h lfPa
ten, at the Court of Bankruptcy. 'Filson, Son, and Squance,-s
Coleman-street.
WILLIAM YAItINGTON, Swaftha
June 19, at five, 20, at ten, and Jiu,liyi,gl:7,_at omne,matleeY-g•rainvernenr,
Norwich. Sewell, Swaffham ; Took's-court, Chancery_
lane.
JOHN WEST, WILLIAM TAYLOR, and THOMAS
WALKER, Newport, Monmouthshire, coal-merchants,june
22, and July 17, at two, at the Commercial-rooms Bristol.
White and Whitmore, Lincoln's.inn ; Bevan and Brittan, Bristol.
JOHN BA WHEN, Devonport, painter, June 21, 22, and July
17, twelve, at Elliott's Royal hotel, Devonport. Beer, Devon-
port • Barnes, New Inn.
JOHN SAMUEL SIBEL, Norwich, veterinary-surgeon,
June 28, at four, and July 17, at one, at the Norfolk Hotel, Nor-
wich. Hammond and Sharp, Hatton-garden; Day, ene y,
Norwich.
WILLIAM FREI/ERIC WHITE, Norwich, furnishing,
ironmonger, June 20, at six, 21, at ten, and July 17, at eleven, at
the Bell Inn, Norwich. Day, Norwich ; Abbott, Roll's-yard,
Chancery-lane.

ENDS.
J. A. G. D'Oliveira, Old DIV
JewrlDy, merchant, June 28, at eleven,
at the Court of Bankruptcy—H. Wood, Jermyn-street, uphoi.
sterer' July 2, at eleven, at the Court of Bankruptcy—W.rr the
I.
frey, Northampton, wine-merchant, June 29, art_eslrerve,eern;
Harm-
a
Court of Bankruptcy—H. C. Curlvwis,
ver.square, tailor, June 28, at twelve, at the Court of Bank_
ruptcy—l. B. Baker, Conduit-street, Bond-.street,_tail_or,n_J,une
"7, at one, at the Court of Bankruptcy—J.
Kent, victualler, June 28, at la -p. , jo.nSce agaetillhßeeckCeouirt of'
Bankruptcy—. Payne, West-square, Southi'vark, baker, June
28, at half-past two, at theh court or Ban
June
2ptcb7 at Bankruptcy—R.
ten,ll . uckaltantirlle,
jun.. Shaftesbury, Dorsets ire,draper, ,
Court of Bankruptcy—J. Ramsay, Devonport-street, Commer_
. cial.road, master-mariner, June 27, at tell, at the Court of Bank -
ruptcy—T. Hutchon, Finsbury-circus, merchant, June 2fi, at
one, at the Court of Bankruptcy—J. Young, Wells, Norfolk,
surgeon, June 28, at ten, at the Crown Inn, Wells—T. Helsby,
sen., J. G. Helsby, and T. Helsby, jun., Liverpool, watch-case.
manufacturers, July 27, at one, at the Clarendon-rooms,uln,erv,e);_,
Pool—G. Wilkinson, Birmingham, saw-manufacturer, June at twelve, at the Royal Hotel, Biriningliam—N. Hedge
ter,
clock-maker, June 28, at the Red Lion Inn, Cofehester—
J. k, Helmsley, Yorkshire, merchant, June 29, at ten, at
the Red Lion Inn, Monk Bar, Yorkshire—J. Rees, Shrewsbury,
wharfinger June 27, at twelve, at the Talbot Inn, Shrewsburyet —D. Selden, and W. Hynde, Liverpool, ;merchants, Jiun lat one, at the office of Messrs. Pritt, Clay, and Swift, L• verpocoe R. Roberts, Liverpool, slater, June 29,
Stafford-
of Mr. Moreeraft, Liverpool—G. Alsop, Uttoxeter,
at twelve, at the offi •
shire, surgeon, June 29, at twelve, at the Red Lion Inn, Ut_tox;e-
eter—B, T. Clark, Lakenham, Norfolk, corn-merchant, June
28, at ten, at the Rampant Horse, Norwich—W. Haselden, 14:
verpool, ship-builder, June 26, at three, at the office of Mr.Wil
liamson, Liverpool—J. H. Parker, Wells, Norfolk, ship-builder,
June 28, at ten, at the Crown Inn, Wells—J. Chapman, Wells,
Norfolk, merchant, June 28, at ten, at the Crown Lou Wells—
W. Owen, St. Asap!), Plintshiregrocer,J ''S at eleven, at
, une ,
the White Lion Inn, St. Asaph—R, Upperton, Petworth, Sus-
sex, banker, June 28, at eleven, at the Hall-Moon Inn, Pet-
worth—J. J. l'arker, Manchester, cotton-s >inner,
nine, at the Palace Inn, Manchester—T. Brianeker, Leeds nier-
June 30, at
chant, June 28, at half-past eleven, at the office of Mr. eleven,
at Liverpool—S. James, Carlisle, mercer, June "7, at eleven,
at the Bush Inn, Carlisle—E, Taylor, Dodworth Yorkshire, li-
• nen-manufacturer, June 27, at eleven, at the Public House,
Barnsley—J. Steward, Great Haywood, Staffordshire, surgeon,
Julie
Bunn 27, at eleven, at the Worcester Littleton's Arms Int), Penkridge—B.
and Allen , flax, June —, a
twelve, at the Hop Market Inn, Worcester---dressersSCox, Bath, board-
ing-house-keeper, at ten, at the Christopher Inn, Bath.
CERTIFICATES, S. and T. Longshaw, Grappenhall, Cheshire, tanners—D. Lo-
gan, Quebec, Canada, merchant—W. Ouster, Cliddesden, South-
ampton, corn-dealer—E. Turkey, Birmingham, victualler—J.
cgell, Beckenham, Kent, victualler—L. E. Cohen, Brighton,
Printer —S. and J. Kilight, Mold, Tlintsh ire, bankers—D. Sped-
ding, Carlisle, butcher _J. Burke, Mitre Tavern, Greenwich,
licensed victuller—J. Hunt, Preston, Lancashire, wine-merchant
—s. Turner, Ball's Pond, Islington, builder. '
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
W. Ling and C. Ashford, Ipswich, grocers—C. Jervis and M.
Snelson, Hinckley, Leicestershire, attorneys—J. and W. Mal.
union, Salterby, Yorkshire, worsted-spinners—A. Norris, jun.,
and 11. Nelson, Livergool, custom-houSe-brokersJ. Paet and
Co., Loughborough, osiers (so far as regards J. Paget)P.
sangrouber and J. Kaehler, Leicester-square, tailors—W. Aul-
ton and Co., Nottingham, lace-rnakers_W. Sterry and Co.,
Rumford, attorneys—T. Noad and It. Benamin, St. Philip an
Jacob, Gloucestershire, harness-makers -J. Barnes and Co., New Mills, Stockport, cotton_spinners (as far as regards J. Barnes)
—S. Walker and Co., Red Bull Wharf, lead-merchants (as far as
regards S. Walker and W. Parker)—G Sanderson and S. Taylor,
Halifax, organ-builders—J. G. Truswell and G. Heap, Notting-
ham, silk_throwsters—J. and W. Whewell Lancaster, iroomon-
iters—C. Duffield and S. Simms, Bath, librarians—J, Dudgeon
and It. Moss, Saltlard, Lancashire, stone-masons.

The polling proceeds only languidly to-day, but haw
hitherto been more favourable to Mr. Palmer than ant•
friend of Reform can wish. He is at this moment 43
s-head on this day's poll. Nobody is astonished at this ;
for it is well known that he is this day making an ex-
traordinary effort to regain the ground which he lost
yesterday.
. A curious circumstance happened this morning, which
has caused much annoyance to the friends of Mr. Palmer,
and much amusement to those of Mr. Ilallett. Dr. Gail-
ford, the Dean of Christ Church, appeared at one of the
booths and claimed to vote—an objection was taken to his
vote, and it was necessarily carried before the Assessor.
The Dean then applied to have the argument upon it taken
out of its turn, alleging the urgency of his professional
duties, and the necessity of his immediate return to Oxford
to discharge them. Mr. Bartlett, as the agent of Mr.
Hallett, objected to this application, stating that there
were many poor men now detained in Abingdon before
the Assessor, whose desire to return home to earn food fur
their families was quail.), strong with that of the Rev.
Dean, and whose claim to attention, from their poverty,
was infinitely superior to that of a dignified and beneficed
clergyman. It was, however, finally arranged that the
decision on the Dean's vote should be taken out of its turn.
The decision was unfavourable to his Reverence, and he
retired, showing very little of that Christian patience
which it is his duty to inculcate. A clodhopper, who was
standing by, said he looked as savage as if he had been
disappointed in a bishopric.
I have just learned, from very respectable authority,
that the Princess Augusta and the small fry of the Castle
have been exercising all their influence in the neighbour-
hood of Windsor, to obtain votes for Palmer, and to neu-
tralize those which would in all probability be given to
Hallett. The friends of Mr. Hallett have just issued a
placard to the following effect :—" Courage and perse-
verance, Reformers, and you will yet be able to beat Pal-
mer and the parsons, in spite of the treachery of the
neutrals."

A short time after five o'clock, the poll was declared
to be—
Palmer
Hallett
making the gross poll stand thus—

_ .
Palmer
Hallett
Majority for Mr. Palmer -1 92

Mr. PAL3IER then came forward, amid a mixture of ap-
plause and disapprobation, to address the freeholders.
There was one subject to which he must of necessity
allude ; for when placards were issued to attract the
attention of spectators, or to turn the votes of the electors,
he was sure that all would agree with him in saying that
they ought to be consistent with truth, especially if they
referred to the conduct of the candidate when in Parlia-
ment. Now he had seen a placard, in which it was stated
that he had voted in favour of the Duke of Newcastle, and
had supported the motion for transferring the franchise of
East Retford to the hundred of Bassetlaw, at a period
when the large town of Birmingham was panting for
representation. Now that was in the teeth of his
assertion solemnly made upon the hustings. Whoever
had written that placard had been guilty of a most wilful
misrepresentation.—(Cheers and hisses.) His vote was
recorded, and it might be seen from the papers of the
day, that he had voted in favour of transferring the fran-
chise of East Retford to the town of Birmingham. Who-
ever he might be who had put pen to that paper, and
bad attempted thus knowingly to deceive the honest
freeholders of Berkshire, to that man he would give a
contradiction in terms as short and comprehensive as any
which the English language afforded.—(Cheers.) There
was another subject on which he wished to say a word—
anti that was slavery. From the speech -of his Hon.
Friend Mr. Marsh, one might be led to suppose that in
what be said on a former evening he had been drawing
a contrast between Mr. Hallett and himself.
Mr. MAnsta disclaimed any such intention.

Mr. PALMER continued. That was one of the most
important subjects that could come under the con-
sideration of Parliament. No man that trod on Eng-
lish ground could bear the name of slavery as an
abstract question. It was, however, a great and im-
portant subject, and ought therefore to be left in the
hands of the Government. If he should have the honour
to be returned to Parliament as their representative, he
would undertake to do that which Mr. Hallett had pro-
mised to do—namlv, to give it the most serious delibera-
tion, and to take into most earnest consideration every
measure that was likely to ameliorate the condition of
the slave, and bring about his emancipation, as soon as
was consistent with the interests of the country, of the
colonies, and even of the slaves themselves.--(Cheers.)
With regard to the Political Unions he would say nothing
upon them that day.
Mr. lIALLETT congratulated the freeholders on the
Reform Bill having passed the House of Lords.—(Cheers.)
They had heard so much of Reform lately, that he would
not say much on the subject. If the new Bill did away
with the land-tax assessment, it would be a most satis-
factory Bill, and would get rid of much unpleasant conduct
and controversy.—(Cheers.) It was shocking to see the
work those assessments made. His Hon. Opponent had
said that he (Mr. Hallet►) had a most disastrous skirmish
before the fight, and that his troops had not come up to
the field. Now his friends were not bound to consult
Mr. Palmer as to the time in which he was to bring up
his troops. He (Mr. Hallett) could not say when his
troops would come up. He had no agents, but Mr.
Palmer had the advantage of a large number. Mr. Palmer
had got fifty-six, if he (Mr. Hallett) was rightly informed.
[Mr. PALMER—." I hope I have not."]—(A laugh.) He
(Mr. Hallett) had not got one.
Mr. ELLIOT could not help suspecting that the leaders
of their opponent's garrison had been playing a ruse de
guerre ; that they had been parading their regiments
twice—that their men had shot their bolts, (and every
body knew the class of men whose bolt was shot the
soonest)—that they had discharged their bulletts, and that
all which glittered among them was not gold.—(Cheering
and laughter.) He would now return to the old simile of
the hare and the greyhound. The hare had had some turns
and some doubles ; but the best double of all was the
doubling of her majority. He had no doubt, that after a
few more such turns, they would find the bare at last
safe in her seat.—(Cheers and laughter.)
The Rev. Mr. Nicironsox said that he rose for the pur-
pose of contradicting a statement which had appeared in the
columns of some of the newspapers, and to which the name
of Mr. Duffield was affixed. He would put that state-
ment into his hands, being confident that he (Mr. Duf-
field) could never have used the language imputed to
him—[Here Mr. Nicholson handed the Times of Monday
last to Mr. Duffield.]—First, however, he must ask
whether be was the person to whom Mr. Duffield had
alluded.

31r. DUFFIELD.-Yes, you are undoubtedly the second
person to whom I alluded.

Mr. DUFFIELD took the Times newspaper, and was
reading the paragraph in question, when Mr. Nicholson
told him that he had better take the paper home with him,
and then they might discuss the matter to-morrow. After
some discussion, however, it was agreed that the para-
graph in question should be read, which was as follows :
't He knew of another instance of clerical interference :
that clergyman wrote to two voters, who had formerly
been favourable to Reform, but who on this occasion had
promised to vote for Mr. Palmer. He wrote to those
freeholders urging them to vote for Mr. Hallett, and said,
that if they did not, they must never expect the blessing
of God to fall either upon themselves or upon their
country."
Mr. DUFFIELD—In defence of what lie then said the
i;est thing he could do would be, to produce the letter it-
self. He had been told by the individual from whom he
had the facts, that if lie (Mr. Duffield) wanted the letter,
it would be forthcoming. He could not say what the
precise words were which he had uttered.
Mr. MARSH next came forward, and was received with
universal cheering. He spoke to the following effect :
chough I cannot congratulate you on the state of this
day's poll, I can congratulate you on this point—that the
new Bill, the great charter of British liberty, is now vir-
ally passed.—(Great cheering.) It now remains for us
to see whether the new charter which we have just gained
will prove a blessing or a curse to the country. That de-
pends upon you, and I tell you once for all, that in pro-
portion as you exercise the suffrage gained by your right
arm and your meritorious exertions, will it be a blessing
or a curse upon you. The elective franchise is one of the
most important rights that a freeman can possess. It is
the only real security that he possesses—...it is that secu-

ity which enables the man to defend himself from " th,
ippressor's wrong, and the proud man's contumely."—
Great cheering.) If you exercise that right as you ought
•0 exercise it, then it will prove a blessing to you and
; but if you consider it as something which
!iven to you for your private benefit, and not for do-
benefit of your country—if you make it a con-
venience to compliment a Noble Lord, a great squire,
ar a dignified parson, then I say to you, that this
Bill of Reform was uncalled for, and that it will prove a
curse to you instead of a blessing. I hope, however,
better things of the people of England. All men have
their hobbies, and I, gentlemen, have mine. I have
ridden it now for the last thirty years, and it is this—l
have always insisted on the right of the middling classes
to exercise the elective franchise, unbought, unbiassed,
and uncontrolled.—(Cheers.) Now it remains for you
to put this great engine of your strength to a proper use,
to exercise it with sound discretion, impartial justice, and
undeviating honesty and integrity. It is in your hands
now, it was formerly in the possession of the borough-
mongers ; it is now, however, again, I thank God fur it,
in your own care and keeping. You are now erect, mind
you do not slip; your are now freemen, act as becomes
the character ; do credit to the Bill which has made you so,
or else you will be considered as the most despicable beings
that were ever animated by the breath of life.—.(Cheers.)
I shall now, with your permission, say a little about the
church. I recollect here a passage from a favourite
author of mine, Hudibras.—(Cheers and laughter.) You
will recollect that when the widow treated Hudibras with
a masquerade of devils, rather an inconvenient masquerade
for poor Hudibras, one of the questions which they asked
him after they had got him at their mercy was this :
" What makes a church a den of thieves ?"
To which Hudibras immediately replied—

" A dean and chapter and white sleeves."
What articles they stole at that period he was not ac-
quainted with ; but if he was not misinformed, there was
a certain dean, not living a hundred miles from Oxford,
who this morning wanted to steal a vote for this countj.
On his going to the booth, our inspector, who is a shrewd
fellow, seeing him with a shovel hat on, said, " Oh, what
a queer hat you have got—(Loud laughter)-1 doubt
much whether there is a vote under it." Ile therefore
began to examine into the matter, and then he found that
"it was no go."—(Much laughter.) It has been said that
there is now no further necessity for the political unions.
From that opinion I differ. I trust that the unions will
be continued some time longer. Oh, glorious unions !
(Cheering.) Oh! excellent and enviable Attwood !
(Vast applause.) When Tory lords, and Tory 'squires,
and Tory parsons, shall be dead, rotten, and forgotten—
(Much cheering)—your memory shall be embalmed in the
heart of every true patriot, and children yet unborn shall
lisp your praise.—(Loud and long continued cheering.)

Three cheers were then given for the Sheriff, and the
Court was adjourned.

'FRENCH PAPERS.

(From the Courrier Francais of Sunday.)

Whilst Chouannerie is so benignly qualified in an official
report by those who see in an ordinary tumult the sub-
version of France and the ruin of the Government—
whilst the Moniteur already endeavours to bring forward
the insurrection which is not yet put down as an ebul-
lition of no consequence—it will not be without utility to
show all the seriousness, all the bearings of these events,
and to prove that the Government, which is still better in-
formed upon the subject than we are, acts against its own
conviction when it speaks in so light a tone. Thanks to
our correspondent at Nantes, we are enabled to lay be-
fore the public some authentic documents, the truth of
which will not be denied. Our correspondent writes to
us as follows :

It is very fortunate that the apathy of Government is
not shared by all those who exercise authority in its name,
and that we have still patriots in our ranks and in public
employments. General Dermoncourt, who has been but
a short time amongst us, displays, under existing circum-
stances, a zeal and an activity which cannot be too highly
praised. At all hours of the day and night he is on duty,
visiting the posts, going through the country, and order-
ing or leading expeditions against the Chouans and their
al,ettors. It is he who has put an end to the inexcusable
oversights or instances of neglect, thinking it his duty to
seize at their chateaus the real chiefs of the revolt, and the
documents which reveal the vast conspiracy that has
enveloped us. He has himself led some of those expe-
ditions with the most ample success. His example
animated the National Guards, who march with indefati-
gable ardour wherever his presence summons them. I was
in one of the columns which took possession of a chateau
where an important capture was expected, and that hope
was not disappointed. Papers of the highest importance
were seized. I have see❑ them and have read them, and
the visit lasted long enough to enable me to copy some of
them before they were delivered up to the commandant of
the column. I send you these copies, the authenticity of
which will not be disputed ; the originals must be now in
the hands of the Government. You will see that the
Duchess de Berri, who has been sought for in the south,
is, in fact, in this part of the kingdom ; that it is she
who orders and directs the civil war ; that she has her
Generals and her troops • that her Generals correspond
with each other, and raise the country; that the insurrec-
tion which has broken out is only an incomplete move-
ment, and is almost put an end to in consequence of the
counter orders which have been issued ; that the movement
projected for the 24th of May is postponed till the 3d and
4th of June for all France ; and that, if it should he
again postponed, all the elements are prepared for a gene-
ral rising at a fit opportunity ; lastly, that the Govern-
ment, which is ignorant of it, or affects to despise these
conspiracies, is a blind and incapable Government; and
that if it does not hasten to change its system, it has no-
thing to expect but an overthrow. The following are the
documents :
COPIES OF THE ORIGINAL LETTERS OF THE
DUCHESS OF BERRI.
No. 1.

" I have been acquainted for a long time, my dear Coislin,
with the zeal and devotion which you and yours have shown for
the cause of my son. lam glad to repeat that on many an occa-
sion, I count entirely on you, as you may count on my gratitude.
" Dec. '24, 1831. (Signed) MARIE CAROLINE."

No. ti

".Let my friends take courage. lam in France, and shall be
be very soon in La Vendee. It is from that quarter that my de_
finitive orders shall proceed. You shall receive them before the
9.5 th of this month. Prepare therefore; it was nothing but an
error and blunder ill the south. lam satisfied of its dispositions
—it will keep its promises. My faithful provinces in the east will
not be wanting in their duty. In a little time the whole of France
will be called to resume its ancient dignity and happiness.
" May 15. (Signed with the initials) M. C. II."

No. 3.

" I have reason to be afflicted at the information contained
in the note which you have sent to me. You will recollect,
Sir, the contents of your despatches; it was them, as well as
the duty which I considered as sacred, that determined me to
trust myself to the acknowledged loyalty of these provinces.
If I issued orders for taking up arms the 24th of this month,
it was certainly with your participation ; it was after positive
information received from the South, and several points of
France. I shall regard my cause as for ever lost if I am obliged
to fly from this country, and I shall be reduced to that if arms
are not taken up immediately. I should, then, have no other
resource than to go in despair far from France, after having
reckoned too much upon the promises of those for whom I
would have braved every thing to fulfil mine. I confess that,
deprived of the advice of the Marshal, it would be most painful
to me to adopt such a resolution without him ; but I have the
assurance that he will be at his post, if he is not already.
" I should be desirous to supply the want of his counsels by
yours, but time fails me, and I have made an appeal to your
devotion and your zeal. The order issued throughout France
to take up anns the 24th of this month, remains, therefore, im-
perative in the whole of the West.

" It remains for me now, Sir, to call your attention to the
army; it is that must Insure our success. It is, therefore, a
duty to employ simultaneously all the means which can possibly
suggest themselves. You should, therefore, take care to cir-
culate, two days before hand, my Proclamations and my Ordi-
nances ; you will not adopt any measures in hostility against it,
until you have employed, in vain, every measure of conciliation.
" Such arc my positive orders.
" •

" P.S. I request you to make known, as soon as possible, this
letter to those who have signed that which you sent to me. I
have no need, M. le Marquis, to tell you how much I reckon
upon your devotion, of which you have already given so many
proofs, and which becomes so necessary at this decisive moment.
(Signed) " MARIE CAROLINE,
" Vendee, May 18, 18.32. Regent of France."
COPIES OF THE DIFFERENT ORDERS OF THE

VENDEAN ARMY.
No. 1.

"My General,--I have this instant received letters from La
Vendee, from a good source; it is but too true that the chiefs
have shamefully refused their aid to Madame, and that to her
tare. She is heroic ; she said That since she had coinprut
raised so much, she would share their fate, and would not leave
