THE' CASE OF DR. PALMER.

Mr. WILSON then read a letter from Dr. Palmer, which was
listened to with deep attent on. It was addressed to Mr. Sturge.
It commenced by stating, that although it might be right for
him to sacrifice his own comforts and personal interests to the
cause to which he had devoted himself, he felt that he would
be no longer justified in keeping those who looked up to him
for protection and support in their present state of discomfort
and privation. His conscience told him that he had already
made them endure a larger share of hardships than he was
justified in doing, and he apprehended that he had laid him-
self open to the charge of too much neglecting their
happiness, in endeavouring to relieve the misery of others.
To give some idea of the extent to which he had
sacrificed his domestic happiness, and the interests of
himself and family, to the maintenance of his principles,
it would he necessary for him to give a brief outline of his
career for the last few years. During the first twelve or
thirteen years of his sojourn in Jamaica, he entertained senti-
ments not unfavourable to the system of slavery as existing in
the Colony ; and though aware of the occurrence of occa-
sional abuses, he was unconscious of its general cruelty, and
tendency to brutalize its victims. In the year 1830, how-
ever, the film was entirely removed from his eyes. He was
at this time, and had been for several years, a local
magistrate. In 1831 a case of scandalous and long-continued
cruelty came to his knowledge, the perpetrators being the Hon.
J. R. Jackson (custos of the parish, assistant judge of assize,
major-general of militia, and Member of Assembly), and his
wife. Notwithstanding that be foresaw the consequences
which would result from his interference in this matter, and
that it would bring upon him the vengence of Jackson's
powerful friends, and in fact the whole community, he brought
the case forward in the most open and public manner. They
were aware of the particulars of the inquiry, the proceedings
having been detailed on the Parliamentary papers, and the
result was, that Jackson was degraded from his honours. He
( Dr. P.) was at that time in the receipt of between 1,100/. and
1,2001. from practice on estates. In one week he was deprived of
a year of this. Towards the end of August, 1831, another
case of cruelty was brought under his notice ; for this he
summoned a Council of Protection in the town of Port Royal,
but was baffled by the scandalous bribery of witnesses. In
returning through Kingston, from the inquiry, he was arrested
in the streets, and in the most degrading manner thrown into
gaol, at the instance of one of the first merchants of Kingston,
to whom he had granted an admission of judgment, as secu-
rity in case of accident. There could be no mistake with
respect to the motives of this proceeding ; the arrest was il-
legal, was afterwards declared so by the Court—but
what remedy could he expect from a Jury of Slave-
holders ?—(Hear.) He was kept in gaol for a period
of six months, during the whole of the awful period
of the negro insurrection in 1832. When he was released in
March, 1822, he was in the most unfeeling manner turned
out of the house and home which he had occupied for ten
years ; he had not a roof to shelter his poor wife and young
family. He was constrained to accept the hospitality of an
old lady of colour in the neighbourhood, with whom he con-
tinued to reside for about twelve months. As he remained in
perfect quietude, and no fresh matter occurred to stimu-
late the bad passions of the planters against him, his
professional reputation gradually induced them to claim his
services, and about the beginning of 1834, he was again in the
receipt of between 600/. and 7001. a-year. The nominal abo-
lition of slavery came—the first of August, and the accursed
apprenticeship system arrived. He plainly saw that from his
situation in the district it would be impossible to avoid
interference with the details of the new system. He tendered
his services as a special magistrate, and from that hour,
lie was constantly involved in a sea of troubles. The Doctor
then proceeded to detail the annoyance and harrassing perse-
cution which he met with at the hands of the planters. Lord
Sligo was at that time all for conciliation, and suffered himself
to be a good deal influenced by them. The conse-
quence was, that his his Lordship was constantly calling on
him for explanations, but in no single instance did
he fail to clear himslf. At length his Lordship
who was continually taunting him with not being able to please
the planters, placed him in a position to which if he had sub-
mitted, he felt he would be degrading the dignity of the ma-
gistracy, and lowering his own self-respect as a gentleman.
He protested against the proceeding, and declined taking
any part in it. The consequence was that his Lord-
ship suspended him for disobeying his orders. He
appealed to the Colonial-office for redress, but was kept
for nine months in a state of the most harrassing
suspense. On the 12th August, however, he was relieved
from his apprehensions by receiving intimation that the Co-
lonial Office lied reversed Lord Sligo's decree, and had
ordered his reinstatement. He was then sent to f-st." Thomas
in the Vale, but the planters were up in arms against him,

irx

and never ceased persecuting him till they succeeded
obtaining his dismissal. He then resolved on coming
home to seek redress from the Colonial Office, having
left his family in Jamaica with very limited means of
support, but as yet had not been able to obtain compensation
for the loss of his office, or to bring his family home.
On the motion of Mr. WILSON, the letter of Dr. Palmer
was referred to the Sub-Committee.
The Rev. Mr. BUNTING wished to remark upon what had.
occurred at the meeting on Saturday, in Palace-yard. He
:s much surprised, that a strong opinion was not at
once expressed on that occasion, respecting the notice
which Mr. O'Connell had given notice of. That notice tended
to compromise the delegates, and to warrant the inference that
they would consent to take anything less than the entire
abolition.—( Hear.) He regretted, also, that a resolution:
had not been passed declaratory of the fact that they had been
manoeuvred out of a victory, by Mr. Gladstone's violation of
the rules of Parliamentary courtesy—and he thought also that
a resolution ought to have been come to expressing a hope,
if not a confidence, that the House of Lords would pass Lord
Brougham's Bill.—( Hear.)
Mr. WILSON inquired if Mr. B. was prepared to make any
motion ?
The latter was understood to intimate that he would not.
Mr. WILSON then read the resolution which had been come
to in an early part of the day, declaratory of the determination
of the friends of the negroes not to be satisfied with any thing
short of entire abolition.
Mr. CREWDSON informed Mr. Bunting that when there was
a disposition, at the Meeting on Saturday, to pass strong re-
solutions, certain Members of Parliament came in, and assured
them that they had lost many votes in the division of Friday,
in consequence of the strong tone of some of their previous
resolutions. One member told them that to his knowledge
eleven Irish Members had voted against them, on .account of
their censure of the Government.

.. -
The Rev. Mr. BUNTING (after a very desultory conversa-
tion) moved that it be an instruction to the Sub-corn mittee to
prepare a resolution which should embody the views a nd feel-
ings of the delegates as to the mode in which they hid been
cheated out of a victory, and also a resolution expressive of a
hope that the Lords would pass Lord Brougham's Bill.
From his intercourse with Members of the House of Lords,
and from the peculiar constitution of the House, he was dis-
posed to entertain hopes of the success of their cause in that
House. Now, with respect to the House of Commons, he
should mention one of the shabbiest tricks he had ever heard
of, without however mentioning the narae.—( Hear, hear.)
The Member to whom he alluded had induced one of
the best and highest-minded in this world (Dr.. Pye
Smith) to sign a petition in favour of the Min isterial
Bill after he had signed one for entire abolition. The
grounds on which he had so induced Dr. Smith was
that if the question of entire abolition were pressed at pr.vsent,
it would embarrass the Ministry. But what would the; meet-
ing think when he told them that the very Member himself
voted for the abolition on Friday night, when he saw th at, by
the assistance of the Tories the Ministers would be safe.
Mr. BENNETT thought it due to Dr. Smith to explain' that
the reasons which influenced Dr. S. in the course which he
had taken, were the same as were given by Mr. Buxton last
year, for thinking it better to accept a modification ,of the ap-
prenticeship.
Mr. BUNTING had not cast any censure upon Dr. Smith,
his only object being to show the shabby trick that had been
played on that gentlman, and that there was a prospect of
success in the House of Lords, the Members of which were
not under the same influence as the Members of the Lower

House alluded to.
The resolution was ultimately withdrawn, on the under-
standing that the substance of it would be considered by the
sub-committee.
The Delegates then adjourned to seven o'clock, at Mr.'
Brown's Hotel, having resolved also to meet again, at tor
o'clock to-morrow, at this place, the Guildhall Coffee House•

LLOYD'S SHIPPING.-(THIS DAY•)

Drat, MARCH 31.—Wind N.E., moderate.—Came down from the
river, and sailed, the Florentia, for Sydney ; British Isles, Muirhead, for
Demerara; Reliance, Wooley, for Constantinople; Sterling, Burnett,
for the Mauritius; Dart, Orrnston, for Maderia ; Teazer, Airth, for St.
Michaels; Bengal Merchant, Campbell, for Sydney; Falcon, Middle"
mist, for China APRIL I.—Wind N.E., moderate—Came down from
the river, and sailed, the Phoenix, Evans, for Quebec ; Barbadoes,
Fo
rest, for hliramichi ; Marmion, Harrison, for Quebec; Emerald,
Fligg, for ditto; Edmond, Dobson, for ditto; Baltic Merchant, for ditto ;*:
Mulgrave, Edmond, for ditto ; Fanny, Bartlett, for ditto ; Prince, Re-
liant, for ditto ; Augustus, Carr, for the Mauritius; Cumore,
Nash, for
ditto ; Bee, Harris, for Miramichi ; Exmouth, for Richebucto ; Great
Western, for New York. Arrived and proceeded, the Bellissima, Laid"
ler, from Newcastle to the Mediterranean. The Falcon, Partridge, fromßerbice to London, remains.
PORTSMOUTH, MARCH 31.—Wind W. to r.N.E., fine. APRIL
Wind E N.E., fine.—Arrived the Jane, from Rotterdam. Sailed 01l
Alarm, for Cadia ; Quebec, for New York ; Ave, for Miramichi ; 4

Shepherd, for Swan River, having completed her repairs.
PLYMOUTH, MARCH 30 AND 31.—Sailed the Edward, for Q,,,beC.tine.
FALMOUTH, Maßcu 30.—Wind E., moderate breezes 3nd
the Vol-
l-
Meactt 31.—Wind variable,;light breezes, and fine.—Arrived
cano , st.?amer from Gibraltar, left the 23d ult.; Falmouth packet Ure!!
from St. Übes ; Magic, Trewarvas, from Zante, sailed the Bth February;
and
De
rYor;
and Old Tom, Goudin, from Marsala. Arrived off port the Egg 3„
Castle, from Galipoli ; and Henrietta, from Bordeaux. Sailed tt''' tor
Hoop, for Trieste ; Campion, Galilee, for Virginia ; Symmetry, '
Charleston; Triton, for St. Kitt's; and Augustine, for HOtien.
spoken with—the Emma, of Liverpool, fur Trieste; Grace, of Londant-
from Zante; and Etna, from Catania for Newcastle, by the Magic—
Eliza, Billing, on the Bth of March, off Cape de Gatt, by the Eggardorz
Castle—sloop Endeavour, from St. Übes for Dublin, on the 18th or
March, off Lisbon, by the Falmouth Packet.
LIVERPOOL, Matzen 31.—Wind variable, light and thick weather.
APRIL I.—Wind E., moderate.—Arrived the Clipper, from Syrnrna°
Arrived off, the Zante, from the Mediterranean ; Beiram, from ditto ;
Camocns, from Oporto ; Columbia. Sailed the John, Troughton, for
Charleston; John Bull, for Canton; Mary, for Bombay;
for Quebec ; Agnes, for St. Vincent; Superb, for Halifax; Georgian,
ditto; Eliza, Johnstone, for Pernambuco; Huddersfield, for Africa ;
Constitution, for Mobile; Apollo, for Newfoundland; Rochester, for
New Orleans ; Gibraltar, for Roston ; Clyde, for St. John's, N.B.
BEACIITHEAD, APRIL I.—Arrived the Maria, Christina, from Vas',
from Porto Rico.
JERSEY, MARCH 30.—Arrived the Christy and Jane, from Cadiz.
_ _ Promise,

BRISTOL, APRIL I.—Arrived the Jane, from St. Übes.
" Ca.
CLYDE, APRIL 30.—Arrived the Egyptian, Sayers, from Mobxle
bridge, Tay, from New Orleans.
Durum, MARCY, 31.—Arrived the City of Limerick, (steam
from London. tr
WATRRFORD, MARCH 30.—Arrived the Royal Eagle, and Allen, --c
Lond

CORR, Marten 30.—Arrived the Juno (steamer), from London.
Listarticx, Marten 30.—Arrived the Belle, Robins, from don;
Elizabeth, Dyer, from ditto.
CROOKHAVEN, MARCH 30.—Arrived the Caledonia, Robertson, front
Tarragona.
LErrti, MARCH 31.—Arrived the James Watt (steamer), fora
Hamb u rg h.
The Providence, Bale, from London, put into Sheerness, bound t°
Dunkirk, with loss of foremast, &c., having been in contact with the
William and Ann, of Sunderland.
The Raisbeck, of Stockton, Mowbray, was burnt to the water's edge
off Middlesburg on the 31st ult.
The Waterwitch, of Sunderland, Marley, got on Ssroby Sand, on the
31st ult., and filled—crew saved.
The Great Western (steamer), Hoskins, from London to Bristol a
New York, took fire on Saturday evening, near Gravesend, and was rod,
on shore. It was extinguished in about two hours, when she proceed'
and passed through the Downs yesterday.

Lord Duncan paireJ. off with John Bowes, EsT.:
M. P., against Sir George Strickland's motion on Fricl3-1
evening.
We regret to learn that the Polish Association °E,
Mutual Instruction in London has been obliged, by wan hay
funds, to close the School of Mutual Instruction, which "a
existed for above three years, chiefly supported by
contributions of the Poles themselves, and where about toe
hundred, we are informed, poor children, chiefly English,Wei
been gratuitously instructed in foreign languages.
POST-OFFlCE.—Within the last few days a vf,rvi
minute and rigid investigation has been going on in this city
relative to an alleged abstraction of money from letters passa%
through our Post-office. A strict inquiry into circumstanc,e
voluntarro
has been made by Mr. Peacock from London, and Itiri
Bowie, the Post-office Solicitor, from Edinburgh; 1",.;
hitherto the guilt has not be traced to the offending Par.
It has, however, been deemed advisable to suspend six of 00
servants of the establishment in the meantime, till further
to
structions are received from headivarters.—Scots Times,
PERJURY (BRISTOL).—The indictments agalca
the Virriers and party, for wilful and corrupt perjury, allebort
to have been committed by them in giving their evidence ere
the Bristol Election Petition, and upon which true bills wave
found by the Grand Jury of London at their last sitting, %0..,
been removed by certiorari from the Old Bailey, where et the
wise they would have, in the week ensuing, been tried, into
Court of Queen's Bench. Mr,
A CONJUGAL HINT.—In former days' h
Graham was session clerk and parochial teacher, and althotte
he faithfully and ably discharged all the duties of his d°ch,
office, still he fell into the sin of drinking a little too °tithe
His spouse, as a matter of course, was sorry to vrithe!s on
failing of her gudeman, and often remonstrated with Ito
the impropriety of his conduct. But the husband turne
point of her rebuke by simply exclaiming, " True, I get
dns
sel' whiles half fou ; but do you no ken, my dear, if it ",n "
been for that bit faut, ye ne'er wad hae been Mrs. Gra"B.- * t
Lord Milton has presented to the York 14%,
Meeting a very splendid whip, value 100 sovereigns,
tended for at the next meeting, which will take place
in October.—Hull Advertiser. 1011 Y
BAPTISM OF A JEW.—The interesting ceren- 0_
of baptising a Jew, who had renounced the faith of his an
this
tors, and adopted the creed of Christianity, took place inso,ao
town on Sunday morning, in the Independent Chapel 00
Hill.—Shrewsbury Chronicle.
it 4" aqY 25
The state of fever at Glasgow stood on i..on
follows :-172 patients in the Royal Infirmary this moronfilln;es
53 admitted from the 19th March to the 26th March; n
to becearif

lying for admission. - -
MORTALITY.—No fewer than fire of the Conveol
ners of the incorporated trades of Aberdeen have died with!
the last twelve month. These are Messrs. Carter,
Robb, Thomson, and Harper. The three last-mentioned el"
g
tlemen died within the last six weeks.—Scottish Pilot. ti.
DEVON REFORM ASSOCIATION.---We are gl?
fied by learning from the Western Times that the proceed; 10
at the Exeter meeting, convened by the Hon. Newton proceed;
lowes, which we noticed some days since, have cornman.uat
rn
more than ordinary attention. Our Contemporary says
an'"in
the prospect of seeing the county again united as one .. '
9',n_
the cause of Reform, has roused a spirit of union and Ise"
which is the accomplishment of half the task.
was pon-
re-
Last week, a handsome massive silver vase
seated to W. M. Praed, Esq. M. P., by the Operative C
servative Freemen.—Norfolk Chronicle.
