No. 11,756.

NEW LONDON BRIDGE.

(From a Correspondent.)

This great work begins to display its fine features
and proportions, by the great progress that has
lately been made with the works. All the arches
are completed, and the timber centerings nearly
wholly removed, and presents to the eye five of the
finest arches in the universe. The cornice is also
almost completed, w th the exception of a small
portion on the east side, and the workmen have
nearly finished the gravel roadway, ready to receive
the paving. On the south side the arch communi-
cating with Tooley-street is turned, together with
three smaller ones; and the walls to carry the small
arches for the roadway are up to their springing
height—that is, so far as can be accomplished until
the Borough High-street is closed, and the houses
on the east side removed. On the City side much
more activity has been shown. The arch over
Thames-street has been commenced, and yesterday
the centering began.
• • We were much struck with the massive grandeur
of this part of the work, and its beautiful execution
ill granite, but could not but regret to see a large
portion of the retina ends so excluded by the present
state of the houses on the alignment of the bridge
road. To the coLtralling powers we should cer-
tainly recommend their serious attention to this point,
as the coin-dend of the work cannot be complete
without the face of the houses are set back to the
new Work. The houses on the site that was for-
merly Crooked-lane, are nearly all now no more,
and their demolition, to all appearance, has not
taken place before required as many of them were
in a most ruinous condition, both on the north and
south side. The grandeur of the undertaking gives
it a just claim to rank as one of the finest works of
art and science of either ancient or modern times,
and reflects the highest credit upon all parties con-
cerned. The bridge, it is believed, will be finished
iii about ten months.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS-(LAST NIGHT).

Lord DE DUNSTANVILLE presented a peti-
tion in favour of the Jews.
Lord RODEN presented a petition in favour of
the East Retford Disfranchisement Bill, and praying
for Parliamentary Reform.
Lord ROLLE presented petitions from Tegn-
month and Crediton, against the punishment of death
for forgery.
Lord RADNOR presented a petition from a So•
ciety for Promoting Co-operative Knowledge, in
favour of Mr. Owen's plans.
Lord DYNEVOR presented two petitions from
Carmarthen and Carnarvon. against the Welch ju-
dicature Bill.
The Earl of WESTMORELAND presented two
petitions from Belfast, against the increased Stamp
Duty.
The Dulie of RICHMOND presented a petition
from an individual in Kent, praying for an extension
of the poor laws to Ireland.
The Duke of BEALFORT presented a petition
from certain Iron Masters, against the East India
Monopoly.
Lord CLIFDEN presented a petition from Cole-
raine, against the tithe system.
The Bishop of BATH and WELLS presented
a petition from Frome, against Negro Slavery. The
Learned Prelate said that slavery was abhorrent to
the laws of God, and the House would not be
true to itself as a Christian Legislature, if it did not
abolish slavery.
Lord DARNLEY presented a petition from a
parish in Ireland, against the duty on spirits ; and
a petition from Canterbury, in favour of emanci-
pating the Jews. -
Lord LILFORD presented a petition from Car-
rick-on-Suir, against the increased duty on Spirits.
Several private Bills were read a third time and
passed.
The House then resolved itself into a Committee
on the East Retford Disfranchisement Bill, and
proceeded with the examination of witnesses until
nine o'clock, when their Lordships adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS—(LAST NIGHT.)
Mr. Waller, from the Office of Woods, &c., ap-
peared at the Bar with a return to an Order of the
House of Commons, dated 13th May, 1830, as to
Fees, &c., received in the Office of the Commis-
sioners of Woods, &c. within the last seven years.
Mr. O'CONNELL moved the second reading of
the Dublin Steam Navigation Bill.
Mr. MOORE moved as an amendment, that it
be read this day six months.
Mr. HUSK ISSON supported the amendment.
Mr. RICE supported the original motion.
The SOLICITOR-GENERAL opposed it.
The Bill (as -we understood) was read a second
time.

STAMP DUTIES ON NEWSPAPERS, &e.
Mr. J. H. HUTCHINSON presented petitions
from the merchants, bankers, &e. of Cork, against
the assimilation of stamp duties in England and Ire-
land; and from the letter-press printers of the same
place, against the assimilation of these duties, but
especially against that of the duties on newspapers.
Mr. J.EPHSON presented a petition against the
assimilation of the English and Iriah stamp duties,
from the landowners, &c. of Cork.

Mr. P. THOMPSON presented a petition from
the newspaper proprietors of Ireland generally,
against the increase of the stamp duties, which were
directly or indirectly laid upon newspapers. He
observed, that the petitioners considered the men-
sure of the lion. Gent. opposite as a blow at the
whole newspaper press of Ireland. In his opinion
the Government ought to give this subject their
most serious attention ; and he now gave notice
that it was his intention to oppose that part of the
Right I-lon. Gentleman's Bill which related to stamp
duties on newspapers.
Mr. O'CONNELL wished distinctly to state,
if the Right Hon. Gent. proposed by his Bill to bt-
nefit the public revenue, his object would be most
completely, most utterly defeated. If he wished to
suppress the newspapers of Ireland, his purpose
would unhappily be successful.
' Mr. G. 11100 RE said, there was no measure
that could have a greater tendency to diminish the
public revenue than that which the Right Hon. Gen•
tleman had proposed.
Mr. J. GRATTAN was of the same opinion.
Sir J. NEWPORT was most anxious to impress
on the House the importance of this subject. So
far from the augmentation of the Irish stamp duties,
especially the duties on newspapers, being attended
with advantage, he thought the reverse would be
found to be the fact, and that they ought to be dimi-
nished both in England and Ireland.
Sir H. PARNELL concurred most heartily in
giving his support to the petition.
The petitions were laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HUSKISSON presented a similar• petition
from the letter-press printers of Liverpool, who stated,
that if the duty was diminished one-half, the revc-
nue_ would suffer no loss, for that the increased de-
mand for newspapers would amply make up the dif-
ference. if the premises they stated in their pet -
tion were correct, he had no doubt of the truth of
the inference they drew from those premises.

FREIGHT ON BULLION.
Mr. HUSKISSON was now about to present a
