[FROM THE GERMAN PAPERS.]

.
CONSTANTINOPLE, JUNE 16.--Public tranquillity has not
been disturbed here, but the difficulties to*liidiEuropean ves.,
sets are exposed in their navigation, continue to be very pre-
judicial to the merchants. 111inisters have in vain attempt-
ed to put a stop to these vetations proceedings. Nay, two
European brokers have been seized, and notwithstanding the
remonstrances of their Ministers, have received the bastinado.
At this moment thirteen vessels, under different flags, are de-
tained at the arsenal. We are still . without news from the
Archipelago.
[rnOM ANOTHER LETTER.]
JUNE 10.—Perfect
pre-
vailsC°Urr4)lv;iiiiilgilisLE in' a great measure owing to the rigour
of the Aga of the Janissaries. Every day he causes some
disorderly persons to be strangled, sometimes belonging to
one Orta, sometimes to another, and as these executions
take place without disturbance, it seems Certain that the
reform Which has so long been contemplated will be carried
into effect.
The Capitan Pacha has gone out of the Dardanelles with
kis fleet, and effected his junction with the Algerine squad
drop. ie was cruising between 'Seto, Iflityline, and 'rene-
dos. The Greeks resolutely await his appearance at Samos,.
Hydra, Spezzia, and 'pare, and they are said to have maths
extraordinary preparations for defence. it is affirmed here that
the Capitan -Nate has entered into negotiations with the insur-
gents, through Mr. Hamilton, Captain of the Cambrian frigate;
but considering the present temper of the Greeks, it is not likely
they will lead to a favourable mot.
The Ambassadors of Austria and England continue to
exert themselves to get the sequestered vessels set at liberty.
We are very impatient to see the end of this Important affair.
OnEssa, Juats 10.—According to news from Constanti-
nople of the 12th, the Porte continues its violent proceedings
against the European trade. They stop all vessels, and search
them without further ceremony. The Reis Effendi pays no
regard to the protests of the (Ihristian Ministers. Thus the
Turk* continually add new causes of difference,' to those that
already existed. Fancying that the European Powers are
wholly engaged by the affairs of Spain, they daily become
more arrogant.
TRIESTE, JUNE 27.—Another vessel has arrived in 10 data
from Smyrna, which brings news that the Turkish fleet has
been seen near Capo d'Oro,.and treats as an enemy every ship
that comes near It out of fear of the Greek tire ships. In Sarnos
and I I
—Yar4 it is said he women have taken arms, and sworn to
prefer death to slavery.
The Oriental Spectator of May 23, which we have just re-
ceived, has an article from Larissa of the 24 of May, which
gives the Greeks an army of 40,000 men.
SWITZERLiND„ JULY 4.—A Cabinet Messenger going
from Madrid .to Vienna, and passing through Berne on the.
16th of June, delivered to 'the Federal Directory a dispatch
from the Regency at Spain.
'!'his
him
isdisputch contained two letters) dated Madrid, May 31.
One, addressed to the Minister of Foreign Affairs in Switzerland.,
Informed
of the installation of the Regency, which is al.
ready reeplirdsed by his Royal Highness the Duke of Angou-
leme, and expressed a wish to cultivate the friendly relations
which r.subsist between the two countries ; the other, to the
same erred, was addressed to the President of the Diet of the
Confederation. Annexed was Is great number of documents
relative to the installation of the Regency of Spain at Madrid.
The Directory communicating these dispatches to the Cantons,
invites them to give to their Deputies to the Diet sufficient in.
structions to deliberate on the subject.
JULY
I:llllftentakitiVeareSlENN:A, j"1"433: 30.
Metalliques -
Bank Stock "
—2, Metalliques -
Rank Shares -
3, Metalliques
Bank Shares

• 80
- 821
- se
• 921
- 80 141gths
- 9:16
- 01
- 908 7-10th.

Ecrapst or TUE MooN.—There will be a re.
markable and total eclipse of the moon on the 23d inst., and as
it will happen soon after the moon has passed her apogee, her
motion through the earth's shadow will be slow, and conse-
quently render the eclipse of long duration,
