UNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE.

OXTORD, FEB. 26.—This day the following degrees were eon
ferred

BACHELOR IN DIVINITY.
Rev. George Davies Kent, Fellow of Corpus.
BACHELOR IN CIVIL LAW, BY COMMUTATION.
Edwin Maddy, Brasennose, Grand Compounder.
MASTER OF ARTS.
Rev. Edward Humphrey Dymock, Brasennose.
Charles Lewes Parker, Wadham.
Rev. T. Lingen Allen, Worcester.
Rev. Arthur Richard Stert, Exeter.
Rev. Edward Bigge, Fellow of Merton.
BACHELORS OF ARTS.
Forrester Wilson, New Inn Hall, Grand Compounder.
Samuel Pidwell, Henry James Cotton, Worcester.
Rev. Arthur Nugent Buckeridge. St. John's.
CAMBRIDGE, FEB. 27.—The Rev. Thomas Musgrave, M.A.,
and Fellow of Trinity College, in this University, has been insti-
tuted to tile vicarge of Orwell, in this county, on the presentation
of the Lord Chancellor, Lyndhurst.
The Lord Bishop of Norwich has been pleased to. constitute the
Rev. Jeremiah Curteis, S.C.L., of St. John's College, in this
University, to the rectory of Shelton, with Hardwick annexed, in
the county of Norfolk, vacant by the death of the Rev. Edward
Frank.

The Hon. and Rev. Augustus Frederick Phipps, M. A., has been
instituted to the rectory of Halesworth, with Chediston, Suffolk, on
tho presentation of Robert Plumer Ward, Esq., Gilston Park,
Herts.

COURT OF COMMON PLEAS.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOL TSE OF LORDS, F. 27

MC LORD CHANCELLOR took his seat on the Woolsack a few minutes

aster live o'clock.

The Duke of WELLINGTON presented papers connected with the
Board of Trade, and a return of the Imports and Exports far 1834.—
Ordered to be printed.
The DUKE of RICHMOND moved the first reading of a bill fur
the abolition of oaths and - affirmations, now taken in th.e
various departments of the State. As it was his intention
on the bill being read a first time to move that it be sent
to a committee, he would shortly state what the objects of the.measure arc,
the first enactment of the bill was to give the Lords of the Treasury th
power of substituting declarations in lieu of oaths, in every department
under their control. Any one who had attended the CoMmittee must
be aware that there ware thousands of oaths taken annually, Which were
totally unnecessary. In the Army.Pay-otlice alone, it appeared that
there were 8,600 men obliged to swear four times a year that they
. had receivedthe pensions. It also appeared that a gentleman ollic..r
would receive hie pay without any oath at all, but if be had
had the misfortune to lose his arm, he was then called upon to confirm
that fast upon oath four times a year.—(A laugh.) Ile did not
now Intend to interfere with the oath of allegiance., or any
of the oaths taken in the Courts of Justice. He trusted that the attention
of the judges hiving been called to the fad, they would snake rules
of court by which the solemnity of the oath might be much
• decreased in the administering of it. As he did not expect any opposi-
! than to the bill, he would not go further into the matter, but content
himself with moving that the bill be read a first time. '
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE stated that the course which the
noble duke had pursued met with his entire approbation. He should
not have considered it necessary to say a word, had he not stated in the
last Session that it was his intention to introduce a similar measure to
that now introduced by the noble duke.
On the motion of the Duke of I% ICHMO ND the bill was-referred to
a select committee.
The Earl of MULGB AVE then rose to ask the questions of which he
gave notice last night to the Secretary of State for the Colonies. The
print on which he wished to have a specific answer was connected with
the extent of power of executing the Slaves' Abolition Act that was
to be placed in the hands of the local magistrates in the colonies.
When the Bill was passed, it was intended by the legislature thatthere

should be an intermediate state between slavery and freedom, and the
execution of the act ever to be placed in the hands of magistrates to b.,

sent out. Their Lordshipsperhaps knew not that during the last Session the
Jamaica legislature had sent a joint representation to the governor, call-
ing upon hint to appoint persons to execute the office of special magic.
trate in that parish. The noble Marquis, the present governor, pursued that
course, but instead of appointing tho_e Gentlemen who had no interest
in slave property, he had been obliged to nominate those who had, against
his own inclination and the Act of Parliament. He did not wish to
allude to past disputes or dissentious. He was satisfied with the
King's speech as far as it went upon the subject, and he was glad to
perceive that his Majesty entertained the nwst sanguine expectations that
the measure would be crowned with complete success. There was one
ground which tended to disturb the tranquillity of Jamaica. which he
wished to notice, and that was the religious dissentions which existed in
the country. On the part of the planters there was a prejudice against
those whom they called Sectarians,which often led to unfavourable results.
The noble earl concluded by expressing his Lelings of gratitude and
satisfaction at the conduct of some of the West India proprietors as re-
garded the morals and religion of the slaves, and stated- that he had
merely asked the question, feeling convinced that it was necessary to
have an answer for the tranquillity and gratitude of the negroes.
The Earl of ABERDEEN could assure the noble earl and the house,
that he felt as anxious to see the provisions of the Slavery Abolition
Bill carried into execution as it was possible for the noble earl himself
to feel. The first vote he (the Earl of Aberdeen) had ever given in
Parliament contributed to swell the majority of that house in
favour of a measure for the abolition of slavery—(bear, and cheers)•
From that time, although he had taken no active. stfare in the
discussions upon the subject, still every measure calculated to
secure and to prepare the way for thy consummation to which
they had now arrived, alwa-..s had had the support of his
votes and wishes. He would now state what sv,s the first official
act he performed on coming into office. The first thing he
had done after a cursory examination of the correspondence of
the noble marquis, now the Governor of Jamaica, and having
satisfied himself with the general character of the conduct of the noble
Marquis, he wrote at once to him upon the state of the great cause
in which he was engaged, rind the administration of the law with the exe-
cution of which in that island he was entrusted. He had entreated that
noble marquis to retain the place he then held, and proffered the most

cordial and hearty suppor, of his Majesty's government in the execu-
tion of his duty, and in every other thing which was calculated to
produce the complete success of that cause. To that application he
had received no answer. But he expected that a request so earnestly
pressed would secure to him the benefit of the noble marquis's assist
once.•— (Hear, hear.) With respect to the first question,-as to the in
tention of confining the execution of the law between master and slave
to stipendiary magistrates sent from this country, he should, without
hesitation, say, that he had already conveyed his Majesty's approbation
of the noble marquis's exercise of his power on that point, and further,
that he had no intention whatever to alter any instructions which the
noble marquis had received. At the same time he must say, that the
situation of the colony, in that respect, had been one great ground of
complaint—a ground of complaint which certainly had nut been con-
templated by the Government. In the distribution of the stipendiary
magistrates 30 had been given to Jamaica. The ditties were thus to
be performed by a small numbor of persons, who were scarcely ac-
quainted with the extent or the geographical, form of the country.
Urgent representations were made on this subject, and his predeces.or
in office, acting on his own responsibility, made a considerable addition
to the number of stipendiary magistrates from this country. He
(the Earl of Aberdeen), on coming into office, had added a few
more to the number; and be had the satisfaction of thinking that
a sufficient number was now appointed to perform the duty without
inconvenience, the . number of magistrates having been increa,ed
!tom thirty to sixty-one.—(Hear.) Looking to the physical (lilt.
culties which they had to encounter, that number, he conceived, was not
too many. But he would not undertake to say, that the governor miAht
not, in the exercise of that discretion which was intrusted to him, give a
. . .

special character to some of the local magistrates. He did not know that
the noble Marquis would do sa, he rather supposed that he would not,
for his opinion generally was most decided upon this point—that the ow-

cution of the law should be left as much as possible to the stipebtliary
magistrates. There was, with respect to this subject, a peculiarity, for
which be was not very well able to azcount. In Jamaica the adminis.

:ration of the law by the stipendiary magistrates was a rule adhered to

strictly ; but in all the other colonies the local inazistrahl were invested
with a stipendiary character by the governors. lie believed that this
had been attended with no inconvenience; at least, he had heard no
complaint of the conduct of these !real magistrates acting as special ma-
gistrates. However, as these appointments of joint local and and special
inaAstrates had been made on the r:commend.stion of the caloide.; in
which they prevailed, and as the Governor of Jamaica thoright that the
system could not be beneficially extended, there was-not the least int:n.
:ion to alter the system in that colony. The othef question "with respect
to which the noble Ein desired him to give some assurance, he would an-
swer so far as he collected the purport of that question. He was aware
that great animisity prevailed on the subject of missionaries in the
island of Jamaica; and though he could not go so far as to say tha: in
no case their zeal had outrun their dlscretion, still they should receive

the full protection of the law whenever it was necessary. But the
Abolition Act itself would prove that the legislature was most anxioas
for the improvement of the negroes; and he was quite convinced that
if they did not, by strong and vigorous measures, provide for the educa-
tion of those persons during the period of apprenticeship—if they lett
them free in person, but enslaved in ignorance, as they were at present,
the Abolition Act would prove a curse instead of:a blessing to them,—
(Hear, hear.) He was quite ready to agree with the noble Earl that a
great degree of prejudice and dissension had prevailed on this quereion ;
but lo king to it properly, he considered that education was indispen-
sable for the negroes, and every effort should be made to impart it. He
hoped that his answer had given satisfaction; of the spirit in which it
was given he was sure no person could have reason to complain. He
had spoken in what might fairly be suppose.' the spirit in which he
viewed the subject. He understood, however, that recently he had
been held up as a sort of enemy of the hunian race, and it was considered'
monstrous that in his hands should be placed the welfare and happiness
of so numerous a class of men. All he would say Was, that whatever
his enmity to the human race might be, he was certainly no enemy to
the orator of the human rare who made the accasation.
The Duke of WELLINGTON, in reference to the allusion that had
been made to him, begged to say, that lie had oppwed the Abolition Bill
most sincerely ; but that with respect to that Bill, he could assure their
Lordships, that when it became the law of the land there was no ono
who wished success to it more cordially than he did. It was the same
with regard to other Bil's which lie might oppose hi their pass,,,.
through Parliament ; but when once passed, there was no one Ve,o was
more willing to execute their enactments according to thee intentions of
Parliament and of those who had proposed them.

The Earl of RIPON was happy to be able to state from all he could
learn on the subject, that the success of the AbolitiAn' Hill was likely to
be as complete as Its most sanguine friends could desire. He took that
opportunity of saying, that considering the nature of the, duties of the
stipendiary rnaxistrate;, and the qualifications required.for their office,
their remuneration was not sufficient He thought, too, that the num-
ber of the Church Clergy provided for the religious education of the
people, was not suffitient. He also called the attention of the 'Soule
Earl oppcsite to the conduct of the missionaries, and hoped that they
might be relieved from some of the peculiar difficulties that now effected
them.

Lord BROUGHAM agreed with his noble friend, that the numbers
of the special magistrates and the clergy were not sufficient. He had
himself brought the matter of the insufficiency of the numbers of the
special magistrates under the notice of the noble lord (Stanley), formerly
at the head of the colonial department, and afterwards under that of his
right hon. friend ; and by his right hon. friend the remedy for the evil
had been begun, and it now appeared to have been completed by the
noble earl opposite.

Lord SEAFORTFI said that the manner in which the noble earl at
the head of the colonial depaitment and the noble duke had answered
the questions put by his noble friend, conld not fail' to give great saris_
faction to every one interested in this important subject. He was trot
influenced by any spirit of distrust, for he sympathized in the hopes ex-
pressed by his majesties ministers personally in this house, as well as in
the king's speech, for the success of the great experiment of sivie eman-
cipation ; but much as hail been accomplishe.l by the. concurrence or the
colonial legislatures with the British parliament, without which. i:,:teep,
corn lete success would have been exceedingly doubtful, much as the
impartiality of his noble friend (Lord Mulgrave)
fidence to ail classes, as well as to secure the -
113'4-lone to yivecot
attachment to himself,
many difficulties still remained to be °surmounted. The safety and sue-
cess with which those Ode.
')::ies would be surmounted must depend, in
at a great degree, upon
the impartiality and efficiency of the magistr rtes
carry the act into execution.—(Hear, hear.) A
glifficient number had not been at first sent out, and he wonl.l
not answer Par the increased number being adequate to supply the
wA7t4 of the West India colonies. He feared also that the salaries
given to the magistrates were not sufrcient to secure qualified ',emus.
He meant to cast no reflection upon the gentlemen who bad been sent
out; but lie mentioned the matter in justice to those who might be ap-
pointed to these situations ; for he knew that many of the gentlemen
who had gone out had found themselves involve.l in unexpected diffi-
culties, from the expenses of living in the West Indies. He trusted
also that the Government would not lose sight of the advantage and ne-
cessity of carrying into effect a liberal and comprehensive and religious
plan of education among the negroes. The noble lord was understood
to express himself favourably to the labours of the missionaries, the op.
position to whom had not originated in a desire to oppose religious in-
struction being given to the blacks, but to jealousy of their political prin•
ciples, which, in a state of jealousy might be dangerous ; but now that
the cause was removed, he hoped to find the jealou4 to which it had
given rise disappear.

The Earl of ABERDEEN said that he had been actively engaged in
devising a system of general religious education; bnt before any thing
could be definitively settled, it would be necessary for them to be in pos-
session of information which had been called for, and which was now eln
its way from tho colonies. Parliament was no doubt pledged to support
etches e of education on liberal principles, but the extent of it must
depend upon the amount of the funds they had to deal with ; and be.
fore applying to Parliament, he was anxious to ascertain what resources
the Colonies were likely to furnish them with, as also what assistance
might be expected from the religions and patriotic societies of this
country. With respect to the number of magistrates sent to the Welt
Indies, he certainly thought himself that eighty would not have mci•e
than sufficed fir the supply of Jamaica; but when it was recollected
that thirty only were allowed by law, and that the Governor of that
island had expressed his opinion that sixty were sufficient, he was sure

1:od le Lords oppo,ite would not have thought him justified in exceeli"
hat number.
',old MULG RAVE said that, before leasing the island, he had ex.
pressed his opinion of the insulEciency of the original number of 00:
gistrates sent out, and of the inadequacy of their salaries; but he vi
rather inclined to agree with the noble lord now governing the island
that sixty would be found sufficient. He had heard with satisfactioa
the explanation of the noble earl, and th a tone of the noble duke; and"
trusted that the aceount4 of them which go ritrth, wou!d give sansfsr7
tion in Jamaica, the interest he felt in which would never be diu'ini3b4
by time or distance.

THE CLERGY IN IRELAND. • ent
Lord CLONCURRY was understood to ask whether the governo,
were prepared to do any thing for the relief of the clergy who had Ve°
compelled to accept a part of the million loan P sir
The Deke of WELLINGTON stated that his right hon. friend
R. Peel) intended, he believed, in a few days to make a motion in the
other house of Parliatnent, which would embrace the subje,:t alluded t°
POby the noble lord. He hoped, therefore, the noble lord would watt e
'long to learn the particulars of the course proposed to be taken by the
• Government.
Lord CLONCURRY said he had asked the question beedusecirTi
:men, who were totally unab'e to meet the demand, had been 011
upon to repay the loan.—Adjourned -
