MIDDLESEX MEET 11 G

. .
The Meeting of the Freeholders of this county,
announced by public advertisements, yesterday took
place at the Mermaid, Hackney.
Mr. Sheriff SMITH stated to the Meeting the oh-
je& for which it was summoned. It was to take into
consideration such propositions for reform as woold
secure the reality and the use of representation in the
Commons House of Parliament.
Major CARTWRIGHT then came forward. He
supposed that many had been disappointed, when
they considered the length of time which had elapsed
since the requisition was orignally signed. The sub-
je& was, however, of a nature and importance which
required the most mature consideration, both in the
manner and the time for bringing it forward. It was
necessary also to consult those men, who had taken
their stand in Parliament upon the rock of the Con-
stittition, and who had felt and proclaimed the ne-
cessity of resisting and waging war against the wick-
ed despotism of the faelion of the borough-mongers;
a ladion which, for their own private ends, trampled
alike on the liberties of the people, and on the au-
thority of the King. He felt it necessary, in the
beginning of his address, to take notice of what bad
fallen from a Noble Lord (Lord Selkirk) who had
chosen to stand forward as the champion of the
faCtion of the Borough-mongers. That Noble Lord
had stated in his pamphlet, " that no such reform
was necessary; that Parliamentary Reform was not
the road to any pra&ical improvement ; that what
was stated Of its necessity was not only not true,
but that it was the very reverse of the truth."
He also stated, t'iat all the exertions in favour
of Parliamentary Reform, were, " experiments to
throw down the land-marks of the Constitution."
If the reasoning of this Champion of the,Borough-
monger faction were to be considered, and it were
to be asked, what it was that he called " the 'land-
marks of the Constitution," it would be found that
he meant nothing but the rotten b6roughs. It
appeared to him, however, that such landmarks re-
sembled the ruins of Rome and Athens; or Merely
shewed where great and free nations had once existed,
but were destroyed by the corruptions of their Govern-
ments. Of such landmarks there were abundance ;
but they were not the landmarks of the liberties of
the country, but of its slavery—(great applause).—
Our old Constitution consisted of two branches, the
Military and the Civil. The military branch of it
consisted of all the people of England, trained to the
use of arms, under the direation of the nobility and
gentry orthe country. Of ibis ancient military Con-
stitution not a vestige now remained, and in the
place of it we saw nothing but barracks, many of
which were filled with German soldiers. Even
German Officers had been appointed to the com-
mand of English distri&s. He therefore considered
that all the landmarks of the ancient Military Con-
stitution of the Country had been completely re-
moved. As to the civil branch of our ancient Consti-
tution, the great feature of it was the represent-
ation of the people in the Commons House of Par-
liament. Upon the principle of free and equal re-
presentation, the people of England would be now
entitled to 6.58 Representatives, fairly and freely
chosen. It appeared that a most decided majority
of the 6bB Members of the House of Commons
were not chosen, as the Constitution intended, by
the free and fair eleftion of the people. In Holy
Writ, it had been said, " Cursed be he that re-
moveth his neighbour's landmark." So much so-
lemnity had been given to this curse, that it was to
be pronounced publicly before the people, and all
the people were to say " Amen !" Now, if a curse
so solemn was ordered to he denounced against the
man who would defraud his neighbour of a' few
yards of land, by removing his landmark, how
deep a curse ought to light on those traitors, who,
by removing the landmarks of our freedom and our
Constitution, had done the most essential injury to
millions of their countrymen. The House of Com-
mons had been represented by Mr. Burke, and many
distinguished writers, as representing a jury in many
respeCts. It had lately been contended, that it was
absolutely necessary for Ministers and Placemen to
have seats in ,the House, in order to give informa-
tion. If it were necessary for them to sit there to
give information, it appeared to him that they should
have a bench to themselves, and not be entitled to
vote.. As givers of information, they were in the
light of witnesses; but although it was necessary in
Courts of Justice that there should be witnesses, and
sometimes culprits, yet what would bethought, if
the witnesses, after giving their evidence, and the
culprit, after making his defence, were immediately
to enter the jury-box, and give their opinions on the
verdi& ? By the same means which deprived the
people of their liberties, the King was also de-
prived of his authority and independence, and
obliged to be dependent on, and a vassal to, the
fa&ion of Borough-mongers. His revenues, which
used to be furnished to him by the free votes of
his loyal subjects, were now given at the pleasure
of the Borough-mongers, and he was dependent
upon them for every shilling of his revenue.
It bad been common hitherto to say, that the '
business of Parliamentary Reform was extremely
difficult. It appeared to him, however, to be only
difficult, because the people had hitherto been too
inattentive to their own interests. If the country
could fairly exert itself, the cause of reform must
succeed. He was convinced that if the people
would assert their rights, they would, without any
danger, trample upon those reptiles who had so long
trampled upon their liberties. He bad heard a great
deal said of temperate and moderate reform. He
conceived, however, that in a case where principle
was concerned, to be temperate was to be dishonest.
Not to be guilty of excess was temperance enough,
and it was sufficient moderation not to demand any
thing but what was their right, and what was just.
—The advantages of unanimity were Often much
spoken of ; but it was impossible to have aetUal
unanimity, without going back to the first principles
of the Constitution. He thought it necessary to
make some observations on the events which had
recently occurred on the Danube. It was highly
probable that the Conqueror would entirely sway the
Continent of Europe, and that he would offer peace
to England. The peace which he would then
offer would appear to him to be completely ruinous
to the.country, unless it was preceded by a Parlia-
mentary Reform, which alone would place us in a si-
tuation of security against his power. He concluded
by giving a variety of Resolutions, stating in sub-
stance, " that in the year 17g3, it had been offered

to be proved at the bar of -the f-rouse of Commons,
that 154 individuals return`ed N.l.J.ibers of that
House ; that a large proportion of the Members of
that House were placemen and pensioners ; and that
Thanks should be voted to Sir Francis Burdett, for
calling the attention of Parliament to the subject of
Refoim ; and that he should be reqnested to bring
it forward early in the next Session."
Mr. HARE TOWNSH END rose-to second these Re-
solutions. He stated that he was a farmer, and was
fully sensible of the inimense pressure which the
country sustained in consequence of the - corrupt
system of its Representation'. He read a • long let-
ter which he had written to the inhabitants of Go-
dahning upon the subjee.:l; in which he stated, " that
he conceived the bow was so far bent, that it could
go no further ; that as to tytheS, they were forther-
ly divided into four parts : the first was for the Bi\-
sliop, the second was for the maintenance of the
Church, the third share was for the suppot t of the
poor, and it was only the fourth part '‘vhich was
pocketed by the Reetor. The Rectors, hoi:vever,
now pocketed all. After some further observations)
he coeicluded by seconding the Resolutions ; and
stating that it was his intention to muVe a petition
to Parliament.

Mr. MALLET rose to speak more to the form of
the proceedings than to the substance of what had
been proposed. He thought the pi=oper mode would
be In address the King, ❑ot to issue any longer his
writs to rotten boroughs. The measures which bad
been proposed in Parliament for reforming what he
should never call the House of Commons, but the
lower House of Parliament, were most ridiculous.
As to oaths, there would be no use in them, unless
the penalty of perjury were to be attached. He con-
sidered one party in the House of Commons as
equally hostile to the liberties of the country as the
other party. He thought there were i o reasons to
hope for any thing front the Parliament as it was
now constituted; bolt that the only mode of redress
was to beseech the King no longer to summon
Representatives from the rotten Boroughs. As
to the ascendancy of Buonaparte on the Conti-
nent, be thought that that man had never yet con-
quered any country; whose subjugation was not
first prepared by the corruptions of its own Govern-
ment. His success might at least teach a useful
son to the people of this country.
Mr. BUTLEY went over at considerable length
some individual abuses (principally in the tees in
public offices) which he thought could not have
existed under a tail• Representation of the People.
He concluded by observing, that now, for ti.e first
time, this country had no resident or Ambassador in.
any Court in Europe.
Mr. WAITHMAN commented on the praaice re-
sorted to by the enemies of Parliamentary Reform, to
endeavour to discover some flaw in the moral charac-
ters of its supporters, and so abuse the cause by tra-
ducing its advocates : this spewed only that the cause
must be strong indeed, against which no other argu-
ment could be offered. He concluded by declaring
his opinion in favour of a Petition to Parliament.

Mr. CLIFFORD supported the Resolutions, and
thought the only way of rendering them effeetual,
would be by a recommendation not only to all the
counties, but to the parish of Mary-le-bonne,• the
Tower Hamlets, the great towns, such as Wolver-
hampton, and all the close boroughs, t .dopt these
Resolutions and Petition Parliament. '1 lius the ge-
neral sense of the people would be ascertained, and
would be irresistible.

The Resolutions were then put and carried, with
only one or two dissentients.

Mr. HOLT WRITE read the petition proposed by
by M. Hare Townshend, which was adopted ; and
upon the motion of Mr. Holt White, it was resolv-
ed, that Mr. Byng and Mr. Mellish, the Representa-
tives for the connty, be instruted to present and
support the same.

Mr. ByNo declared his hearty support to the Re-
solutions : he avowed himself to be the steady friend
and supporter of Parliamentary Reform, as proposed
in 1793. He professed himself at all times ready to
comply with the instructions of his constituents,
whose servant he was, as the best means in his
power of inatking his sense of the honour of their
good opinion and support.
Mr. MELLISH rose; and it was some time before
the tumult opposed to him subsided. He said, that
should this question come before Parliament, he
should attend in his place, and do his duty. lithe
proposed Reform coincided with his sentiments, he
should vote for it ; but if not, he did not conceive,
his constituents had a constitutional power to con-
troul him to vote contrary to his own sentiments.
Major CARTWRIGHT then rose to propose a peti--
lion to his Majesty; and after it was determined by
the Meeting under the requisition of the Sheriff, a
Petition to his Majesty was not irrelevant to the ob-
je& of the Meeting, he read the Petition : it was of
very great length, and embraced, not only all the to-
pics of the preceding resolutimis, but a variety of
historical points so far back as the last Edward.

'The Major preceded this,reading, by a short re-
mark, in answer to the opinion of Mr. Mellish, on
the duty of a Representative in Parliament.

Mr. Tov.'NsEND and Mr. WhiTtot.otN felt them-
selves obliged to oppose going at present into the me-
rits of a Petition so voluminous, embracing so many
topics, or calling on the Aleeting precipitately to
pledge themselves by signing it, as advantage might
be taken of some inadvertent phrase or word, by
their opponents, to their disadvantage. . •
The Petition, therefore, was for the present with-
drawn.

141 r. WAITIIMAN then expressed high approbation
of the conduct of Mr. By and proposed the thanks
of the Meeting to him for his uniform support given
to Parliamentary Reform, and concluded by moving
a vote of thanks to Mr. Byng, which passed unani-
mously ; and for which that Hon. Gentleman po-
litely expressed his gratitude.
The Thanks of the Meeting were then voted to
the Sheriffs, and to Major Cartwright, who severally
expressed their grateful sentiments.
• The Resolutions, signed by the Sheriffs and Free-
holders present, were ordered to be published in the
Morning Newspapers : and the Meeting was ad-
journed.

His Majesty's Ship La Loi,e, with the Windham,
Union, Charleston, Sir William Pnitenebs, and
Northampton East Indian-len, Perseverance and
Whalers, arrived at Madeira on tic 19th

FROM THE SPANISH PAPERS.

ROYAL DECREE.

" SzVtu.e.—lf there are sonic Provinces Of the
kingdoin, which, from the beginning occupied by
the enemy, hive not been able to manifest all the
sentiments of zeal and patriotism which animate
them, those which in the same situation have been
able, in spite of all obstatles; to manifest their re-
sistance, are entitled to the entire esteem of the
State, for their extraordinary and generous exertions.
Of this kind has been Catalonia. When its for-
tresses were given up, and its capital was occupied
by cowardly treachery, its inhabitants, instead of
being dismayed, fleo., to arms every town became
a fortress; and every Catalan was a soldier. The
was of the laSt year has been to this noble and loyal
Province an age of glory.
" Among all the towns which have deserved
well of their country, Gerona is thstinguished by its
vigorous resistance. Twice it has been invested,
and twice it has driven back its assailants, without
any other means of defence, than a small number
of troops of the line, and its valiant inhabitants.--,-
But its advantageous situation, and the. importance
of its occupation, have induced the enemy to un-
dertake a third siege with fresh reinforcements and
renewed ardour. Its result will doubtless be like
that of both the former sieges, it the resources of the
Province are joined with those of the city. The
brave inhabitants, to give to their resistance the
augu't and elevated character which a war demands,
which is carried on against an enemy who Is more
impious an,l sacrilegious towards God than he is its
human towards men, have raised within their wails
a crusade, in imitation of that which was established
in Estretnadura, with so great bent it to the State.
Countrymen of every rank, the clergy, both secular
and regular; all in emulation of each other, arranged
themselves under their holy banners, and a to,► n of
such stu.al population was able in three days to taise
for their defence eight companies of 100 men each,
completely organized and aimed. The Supeme
Junta has not only applauded, with the most li►eiy
satisfaolion, these demonstrations of patriotic and
religious zeal, and hastened to reward them, but
has resolved to make the valiant inhabitants of that
principality participator j in the same mein and the
same rewards.

" Catalans ! Ye are as much interested in the
preservation of Gerona as it, inhabitants. It is now
the key of Catalonia. While it remains in your
power, the French will find themselves at all times
liable to be driven from the cuuntiy; if ye lute it,
oceans of blood must be shed to redeem you from
their yoke. If ye truly love your liberty, if ye
abhor the French, and preserve the heroic spirit of
your ancestors; if ye choose to make use of your
valour, and perform great sacrifices, direct your
views to the salvation of Gerona. Arm yourselves,
pursue the direttions which the General of the Pro-
vince gives you, and let the French, a third time,
sustain the insult of being driven away.
" To excite and reward the zeal and patriotism
of the inhabitants, in a concern of so great moment,
the King our Sovereign, Ferdinand VII. and in his
name the Supreme Governing Junta, ,has decreed as
follows:

" 1. It approves of the crusade which, in imita-
tion of that of EAremadua, the city of Gerona has
formed for its defence.

" 2. It invites all Catalans to enlist under thy
same rules and leaders.

" 3. All those who shall assume the Cross, and
who shall be proved to have continued in the service
during the whole of the war with France, shall, and
also their sons and descendants, be exempt from the
personal tax for ever.

" 4. All who shall not be subjed to this contri-
bution, and shall render the same service, shall :s
rewarded proportionably.
" The Marquis of ASTORGA, President."
" Royal Castle of Seville, 28th June, 1809."

TARRAGONA, buy £2.

[From the GAZITTZ EXTRAORDINARY of the princi-

pality of Catalonia.]

" His Excellency the Marquis de Coupigny has
just received the following dispatches
Most Excellent Sir—While the chiefs of the
several corps are preparing a detailed account of all
the individuals who have on this memorable morn-
ing covered themselves with immortal glory, in the
defence of the Castle of Monjuich, I cannot help
anticipating this pleasing intelligence, for your
greater satisEadion, and that you may impart it to his
Majesty.

No pen can adequately paint this glorious day ;
and I will therefore only inform your Excellency
for the present, that at day-break this -morning the
enemy surrounded the said Castle with boot) ;idea
troops, as one of their wounded declares, menacing-
an attack upon three breaches, more particularly
upon the largest of them. All the troops whic(L
garrisoned the castle instantly occupied their posts
with the greatest order, maintaining the same which
had been pointed out to them by the Governor sumo
days before, and received the enemy with admirdb:tt
firinoess. Five assaults were made,by hint duritqs
the two hours while the atiair lasted, but in all th,
five he was put to a shameful flight, ieaviiq; the
ditch, and the covered way which leads to the to,t cr
of St. Lewis, covered with'lds dead.

The artillery of the place and its forts kepi u;) the
action with the valour which, be;:aine them, causing
great slaughter to the enemy, who never cease;. to
tire grenades, bombs, ticc. upon the city anti forti-
fications; but this did no damage to the inh:-tbifants
or troops, who maintained their serenity and atten-
tion to their duty.
All are heroes : I ascended the castle with the
reserve, several piquets of infantry, the Staff, and
some individuals who voluntarily accompanied me.
I could not avoid acknowledging to those brave de-
fenders how highly they had merited the gratitude
of their country ; and I distributed rewards 'among
them, in the name of the King our Sovereign, in
proportion to the merits of each. Our loss
slight, in comparison with the vigour and obstin4cy
of the assaults : but that of the enemy has nez-u
great, from the well &retied musquetry of cur
troops, and the infinite number of bombs, grenades,
&c. which were sent among them by the besieged,
while they covered with glory the arms ar our
loved King, Ferdinand VII.
On this happy day, and while no other soiticil
than those of joy were heard, an accident to:A,:
dace which somewhat cllbittcred our eni,)meut

ha towe,•,of J.,..1an,:0n:1 of_the'wnrhs between,
and the for,tre,.s.„l:ll; but it did not oe-.
ciision the mischier,which pight•have been ex:,eet-
cd, Rirt of the small numb,..r which garrisoned it
we.-re chgagad in the cpnfa-t without the, tower.
[l2ll',:m an chimportaut paragraph, re-
- -
spe..oing• the rewaals *
enemy tetrea“.4 will), great loss to the sime
.post:ii and batteries they hal occupied before, con-
tinAiingtheir bombardment Moabthenceon Munjuich
anTl the fortress with the 5;1;1,t; fury, and avenging
by heaping up ruins.
I am' firmly persuaded, that in the long series 61
• occurrences which: ha`vie taken place, the
ciithy has never ehcount.eredl more heroic oppo-
ien,ihan that,which it sustained this' niemoranle
the attack upon a breach Wide enough to
a,:aiit 1G then abreast."
'terminated this happy morning by triirch-
in!, in a body to the 'Cathedral, 'with the Bkhdp
ard Chapt,tr, where ,we returned- thanks :to God, as
• due, by a solemn Deuili, and a geberal dis-
,iiiirge of artiiiery.

MARIANO ALYARtZ:

Ceroll3, luly S. 18c9.
To the Nlarqui4 de Ccnipiguy

ADDEESS OF THE CENTRAL .11.71:TA TO TITS SPANISH
NA not:, ON TEE ANNIVERSARY OF 1118 SAFTLIS

OF BAYLLN-
," Spaniards.! A year has now elapsed, since you
gathered the fair truits'of your first heroic exertions.
It is now a year since you gained; the memorable
omtie of Baylei7, and laid, the first and principal
sioneiof the ed:tice of Spanish independence. On a
ihiv so solemn our hearts must expand with hope,
and indulge _in the delightful impressions of bans-
fad irm aud joy.
‘e Europe had seen us a mouth before give the
si‘rvai ter war, without having either soldiers, arms,
or ammunition.; When we saw a great part of our,
territory in the possession of the enemy, our strong_
places occupied by , his troops, the communication
between the.provinces cut off, and the enemy. sup-
ported by his discipline, his experience, and the
Mo-al force of twenty years of victory, the heroism
of our sublime resolution might be admired, but no
prosperous issue could be expeeled. The first events
const:queneon this deplorable situation were unfor-
tunate ; and Andalusia, invaded by the most war-
like of the French ,divisions, commanded by. Gene-
Dupent, must in case of.. disaster have buried
wider its ruins the hopes of the nation, then fixed
of :that alone.
Apparently weak to restrain this torrent, were
the 1 eteran nelional troops then assembled, as if by
a iniracle„ in that province, and thevaliant volun-
teers, who, roused by the voice of patriotism, has-
tened to their banners. For thirteen years the for-
'veer had not niade.war, and the latter had never
seen it. -All minds were suspended between 'hope
and fear, anxiously waiting the event of that struggle,
,Abich, for 'the. time it lasted, and the consequences
;,e•olved, (armed the most terrible crisis of our
movements and designs. The morning of the igth
came ; the.armiefiewere in motion ; the cries of war
shook the air ; enanimity foresight animated
the
Chiefs.; intrepid valour shone in the soldiers, andtfie
roost happy and virtuous emulation in each of the
corps which composed but:army; The battle was
.fought ; and those ambitions Titans, mere, helmed
by our .adinir.Hie artillery, Were precipitated from the
`pancrtif of their intolerable_priile, to the. degradation
-c.il."-captivity. The shouts of vionory resounded in
the districts of Baylen and Mengebar, rand were,
re-echoed. by the summits of Sierra Morena; in
an instant they all Andalusia, and gave new
lire and joy to all. the inhabitinus of :the Peninsula.
" p -Andalusians ! that. exultation,. that unex-
pe6ted joy which then -tilled your hearts, and , the
. splendour which this great event reflected on your
p%-tlinsula,followed closely on the uneertainty. and
consternation in which you were. But-you bad not
suffered French oppression; you had not knOwn
their insufferable pride; their insensate vanity ; you
had not heard them boast that it was impossible to
beat'llte.t,4l:; you had -not seem them enthrone their
i-etcheil King, whom they carry -about with them,
aTAippeteon.the Throne, destined by us to be
the seat ol• innocence and-justice, and. nqt'
hligility and infamy.' You had not seen theni, in,
•, dispose.ot and• iitinse all public concerns; per;
et t the wealt, insult .and persecute the good,- exalt
- the, b!id, and announce to us as, imperishable and
eternal their abominable tyranny; and all, all this
'was necessary, in -order to,, conceive the delicious:
glory and Ineffable joys of. Liberty ; in order • to'•
know how sweetly suunds the name of Baylen in,
the-ears of, a Spaniard.
f'. (5q heating this, this wretched rabble fled pre-•
eie;tately like thieves driven front a house they were
plunderinere' No care 'was taken, no provision was:
made -for ihe future preservation of a capital they call-
red:their The echo' of the name of Baylen
• confounded theme and, without leaving them any
- ether thought, than that of saviug themselves by
' snatched the
.Guvernment from their usurp-
ing hands, and transferred it to ours. Memorable
19th of -July ! It our revolution has assumed in the
order, 'the majestic and -august character
c .rresponding to the movements of a powerful na-
tion ;4, notwithstanding the rever“ss which We
Stave since sutlered, we have never been abandoned
by dignity or hope; if that Lope-has redoubled the
sacrifices and etfvrts •of • the - most magnanimous
peeple upon earth, to thee is it owing; =thine the
tr,lorV ! thine the praise ! ••
- e.e‘ A year ago, disunited Spain was 'viewed with
e indifference by sernee- with compassion by Others,
- by warty with shame ! Degraued and enftebled
within, overpowered and plundered • wit:lnut, the
. Lords, of the two worlds were nearly sunk in the
oceawial French ambition, and. seemed about to
oierppear from the politic al system of Europe. But
- what prodigies, in the course Of a' yen' 'You have
.. awakened from --the lethargy • in • which
you lit y ; !...o‘.l have overturned the throne of arbi-
trary Lower which consumed you ; and you .have
made prisoners of war a whole French arnitr, con-
your first eampaiot, contrary to aft expec-
. tAtien, in the most bi-:Hi:invalid fortunate -manner.
i‘-s year, ti Lich AA-ill he eternally Memorable,
ros: *.(e. re-er'li,e(f-the'state, ided into- as
r_juine,fs.oies :es-yrovieres, and assailed by a cloud of

Iccu flu] I 1

V•,111".1',01(;,, (1.. t)

lS;;t,-;i! i

i. 0144, V :2.411 4,, ;
