JAMAICA.

TO THE EDITOR OF TILE SUN'
I should be obliged by the insertion of the my
:
companying extracts, from the letters of ivy°, Fin
sionaries, residing in different parts of the
of Jamaica, which I received yesterdaY• ted
may serve to remove some of the prejudices crea
rt ,g
a..lainst the negroes by the ridiculous aild false repo
raised by interested parties to conceal their own ioileac°ll:,
duct or increase the price of sugar. My privat for
counts from other islands are equally satisfactory e
the credit of the present Government I am raluetil
to believe the report of the removal of Sir L. Smith's"
but
luded to in one of these letters to be true, 1.
it has now remained for some weeks uncontradietei°
It is well known that the protection of the negro ?e;
pends far more upon the honest conduct of the Execat%
in our colonies than upon the laws themselves, and itas
ridiculous to pass good laws here if such a Governor
Sir L. Smith is to be removed to please the Pro-Slaveri
party, for who will dare to execute them ?

Very respectfully,
JOSEPH STUB
Birmingham, 6th Month, 15th, 1839.

Extract of a letter from J. M. Phillipo to .I°er
Sturge, dated Spanish Town, Jamaica,- Mac 5, 183%
I am exceedingly concerned to find that the Plautei
have succeeded in creating the panic to which so° se"'
Jude. They have made a desperate effort to do th'„'
and they have succeeded. It is currently reported her
that the London Journalists who have lately manifesto
so much sympathy with .our late slavemasters,,hsve
been bought for,: that purpose naiad they have certainly
shown themiaves especially the professedly anti4ristis-
cratical part of them, by no means insensible to bribes.
Should the Government at all listen to the misrepre-
sentations of the pro-slavery party it will be a most
lamentable circumstance, as it would but re-
rive the differences of which they complain, and
which are now almost universally set .at rest. Tile Pot
profound tranquillity universally prevails. Onr Courts of
Justice seldom now behold a criminal, and the abSence
of ordinary offences from the calendarois often the-slitl'i
ject of gratulation by the Judge. The business 0
the estates and.pens is almost in every instance heil
proceeded with ; innumerable spots are being recor`lre
by small settlers from the wastes ; new villages are rr
pidly rising up in every direction. Land is nearly doll
the value is was a few months ago. Estates and sului,
farms are seldom in the market, and when they are, ed
though greatly augmented in value, there is no *Out;
purchasers. The advantages resulting from the e;,
e l
..
state of things in the tows, are too palpable to autei
of a single question ; new-houses are being ereet
eer.
or old ones are undergoing repairs in almost evl
street ; the markets are abundantly supplied with are
yisions.; the, comforts and wants of civilized life B,rti
increasingly desired and possessed ; merchants 89.
;ow
traders have more employment than formerly' s decline-
mations of the decrease of commerce ; of the
areoo
of agriculture ; and of the ruin of the country,li-eY to
where to be seen. So far are we from beinfnies of
realize the dismal scenes predicted by the Jill es'
freedom, that the very reverse may be conneent
petted. Not only is this fact proclaimed by the e,„ld for
with which properties are purchased when e%pos, .
sale, by the increased price of land, togsth
tiler
with the host of other evidence, but also by eat
eff els_ that are being made for the iteln:°vemboth
of agriculture ; by the designs in content pl.ttion
ore
for the manufacture and transport of produce: them roe-
general introduction of machinery, and in the const .
tion of railroads ; by the various public institittit.o;
which are beginning to arise into being,e. and by us
conversions that are daily taking place to he advants,goer,
of new state of things among proprietors and actor'
ne3s themselves. thing we
The strongest evidence is afforded by etiTY tltt-r-„f
see and hear around us, that we enjoy the dawn of
brighter day, in every respect, than Jamaica bB9 e.
yet beheld.
It is rumoured here that Sir Lionel Smith
his turn sacrificed by the Colonial Office to expedier;
I most earnestly hope this is not the case. If s?, the
will again be confusion and every evil work. reef
Extract. of a letter from John Clark, to Joseph wt,leg-
dated Brown's Town, Jamaica, May the 2,1, lE4—e'er,'
The people are going on admirably. On almost e'lich
sugar estate in this part of the parish there is 89 re,in.
sugar making, I believe, as during
I can mention Orange Valley, (nearly all the peoP
which are connected with my church), Cave Val
Borough Bridge, and Greenock, where the Pe°Ple are
employed by the job or at Is. Bd. per day, with hootnn
and grounds, they are working well. At Dumber
r;
is to be
yilt,
Antrim, Culloden, Ballentoy, althoutglieh talPiePrpeelicleelele°rut
not paid more than at the other places, they are chargn°
from 3s. 4d. to 6s. Bd. per week rent, yet there is °
orkiog
real cause of complaint. They are also w his Ido
although for less than their neighbours, but t
not expect to continue. These estates root either landr
the market price for labour or lose their people,
can b
heree bought in the neighbfact whicourhood h I cannot forbear
.
late
mentioning ; that from the time of Rawlinson's (the T
Special Justice), removal to the end of the apprenticrse"
ship, but two persons connected as members or enquire d
with my station were punished, and those improperly 50
unjustly.
From the Ist of August to this date, not one 1189
been imprisoned for any crime, although nearly 300 in
number ; indeed in the whole district with which, as,
minister, I have to do, in which there is anegro popt9i
Lion of nine or ten thousand, full half of which attend
my ministry, but one black person has been comm
itte_
to prison, and that for an assault, which I think 0'8"
"otiiincueel d'r
ealsinapd'e.
compromised.
for the disputes respecting wages and rents, the stip—.
we need none. Were !not
diary magistrate
aemshavgae r'se3t, rnsaaot
My expectations are m ectainsgintehceuvireorskitinugat.oiofnireedow,
glory. ore than realized—give God the

HenryurisDes Vaux is about to be united in 11181:r
rime to Lady Sophia Gresley, widow of the late Sir gay
Observer.
BRISTOL SUGAR MARKET, JUNE 1;=•---
, fiii.
buyers having supplied themselves freely from the lot
arrivals, the great excitement that prevailed in this mrairrici„,
has subsided, but the demand still continues good, P fine
pally for the brown sorts, the high prices making theirce
Since
descriptions less saleable. We must quote price 3 "ee
our last rather in favour of the buyer. There bave b
then
several arrivals since our last report, which will enab.ech
buyers to assort their stocks if brought forward, wle,l beg
very desirable. A quantity of Molasses just land but
been sold at full prices. No Rums offering at presents
they are in great request.—Bristol Gazette.
