PUBLIC DEMONSTRATION IN FAVOUR

OF REFORM.

(Abridged from the Glasgow Erening Post of Saturday.)
The news of the resignation of the Reforming Ministry, in
consequence of the refusal of the King to create Peers, has cre-
ated the utmost alarm and consternation among all classes in
the city. Immediately on the receipt of the intelligence, mea-
snres were taken in every quarter of the city to get up meetings,
and in the evening the delegates from the Trades, the Council
of the Political Union, and the general committee of the citi-
zens and other bodies, all convened in their respective places
of meeting to take the necessary steps for a public demonstra-
tion. At the general committee of the citizens, a proposal was
made by Mr. Colin Dunlop to delay having a meeting till fur-
ther information on the subject of the resignation of Minister,
was received, and he moved the adjournment of the Committee
till Monday evening, then to fix a day for the public meeting.
Considerable discussion followed; during which the desire for
a meeting to-day was very generally expressed. Mr. William
Gardner eventually moved, as an amendment, that the public
meeting of the inhabitants should take place in the public
Green to-day, at four o'clock, the hour at which it was under-
stood the public works would cease working. The amendment
and motinn having been put, the former was carried by a very
great majority. The Committee of Trades, in their plare of
meeting, acquiesced in the resolution, as did also the Committee
of the Political Union, and all classes immetiiately sat about
making preparations for the demonstration. The utmost en
thusiasrn is felt by all—and, as the hour of meeting approached,
immense crowds were repairing to the Green, in procession, with
flags and bands of music.

The people are now thronging into the Green. There arc
many flags ; and those of another colour are covered with crape.
Wherever any praise had been inscribed to William IV. there
was an erasure.

The majorty of the fags were hung round with crane; and
about 30 of them were entirely black. One of them bore the

inscription, " Trust not in Princes." Another—" Place not
your confidence in Kings." A third, entirely black, had a
death's head figured distinctly upon it in white. Several of
the flags, bearing representations of King William the
used at former meetings, were reserved ; and in others his Ma-
jesty's name was erased; while the representations of the
Crown were in Numerous instances hung with crape. The
multitude was immense, and could not amount, on the lowest
calculation, to less than from 60,000 to 70,000. It was univer-
sally acknowledged to be the largest meeting ever held in the
Green of Glasgow:

On the motion of Mr. Thos. Atkinson, jun. Sir John Maxwell,
of Pollock, Baronet, was called to the chair amid the mos deaf-
ing cheers and waving of hats.
_ _

Mr. MAY WELL, yr., of Pollock, in proposing the first re.
solution, alluded to the melancholy result which they had last
night heard of, and the rejection in the quarter in which they
had placed their greatest confidence of that which they proudly
hoped to have triumphantly realized.—(Shame.) The ad-
dressers of the King had made him believe he would make Earl
Grey his master if he created Peers.—( Away with the rogues.)
But when lie found that the people would have Earl Grey and
Reform, and on account of Reform would continue to support
him—that they would have no other to govern the country but
Earl Grey--the King would see the necessity of dismissing his
evil counsellors.—(lmmense cheering.) Were they again forced
to ask for liberty to breathe the air of Freedom ?—(Shouts of
applause.) They would yet have the Reform Bill.—(immense
applause.)

Mr. M`GOWAN, in seconding the resolution, said, the
madness of the House of Lords had not disorganised, but
united the people—that all classes of society had now joined in
the great cause. 100,000 operatives, whose sentiments he
spoke, were determined to support the higher and middle classes
to recover their rights.—(Tremendous cheering.) They would
be loyal—wavering as his Majesty was—but they would tell
him in tirm and strong language, that they would not yield one
iota of the BilL—(Loud applause.) They would have the Bill
—the whole Bill—but nothing less than the Bill. Suppose the
Tories should offer Glasgow ten members, or even universal
suffrage, we will reject it. They trusted the late Administra.
tion only because it was true, and because it had been tried and
not found wanting.—(Tremendous cheering.)
Mr. ATKINSON proposed the next resolution. Those who
had opposed Earl Grey have shrunk from the danger they
themselves have caused: they trembled on the brink of the
precipice to which they had brought themselves and the coun-
try, and started at the apectre they had conjured up, unable to
face the dangers and the difficulties they had gathered around
the throne.—(Cheers.) If the King returned to the advice of
the Counsellori who had led him on to unprecedented popu.
larity, and prepares us for the enjoyment of the brightest re-
sults, the ark of the Constitution would still be safe, and the
cause of Reform would still triumph. Ile read the resolution,
which was seconded by Mr, Dykes.
Sir D. K. SANDFORD moved the next resolution. He re.
marked that this was not the time to use many words, but to give
a great and signal demonstration of public feeling. If they were
loud in the demonstration of their satisfaction, when all was
going on favourably with their favourite measure, now was not
the time for men, who had a particle of principle, or a drop of
British blood, to draw back from the cause which they had em-
braced in the sunshine of its prosperity.--(Cheers.) Sir Dan.
after some other remarks, proceeded to say that no Minister
but Earl Guy could take the reins of Government in his hands,
and hope to conduct them. Like Phaeton, who undertook to
guide the chariot of the sun, the Duke of Wellington would
only strive it into the midst of a conflagration, Granting that
he or Ilarrowby undertook the task, he would ask the plain
but puzzling question, how were they to get on ?—(Cheers.)
They no doubt would have the support of the Peers to go on,
who had deceived many, and himself most of all, by not
granting concession to the people. They were determined to
support the hero of Waterloo, and the Waverers, as either of
them might require it. But, besides the King and the Peers,
there was another branch of the legislature—the Commons__
which had yet some power in the State. They were not like
the Government of Turkey in Europe, when asked for a Parlia-
ment, to send them Janissaries; or when asked for the Bill, to
send them a bow-string yet. They had one little power—
that of keeping the purse ; and they would call upon that
House to keep the strings of that purse as close drawn as possi.
hie ; not to allow any Minister to put his fingers there unless
the money was applied for the benefit of the people. He had
no doubt the Commons would address his Majesty to place
confidence in the late Ministry. Their hearts were still with
us. Sir Daniel then read the resolution. j
Mr. I). M'AULAY seconded it.

Mr. WALKER proposed the next resolution. The Peers
had shortened their existence by 100 years, and tl.ey should
have some token of their displeasure.—(Cheers) He would
not say what should be done with the Lords, but he knew that
the banners before him could face both the battle and the breeze.
—(Thunders of applause.) In three ways only could a House
of Lords succeed, either by superstition—which the press and
the intelligence of thepeople prevented ; by force—which would
be repelled by force, or by reason—which was the only way they
could succeed.—(Cheers.) New blood must be infused before
they could be of any use. Would they present another petition
till the Reform Bill was passed P—(No, no, never.) It was well
said that the broadswords of Scotland had achieved religious li-
berty, and they could yet achieve political liberty.
Mr. TURNER seconded the resolution.

Mr. WM. GARDNER, jun., moved the next resolution.
The greatest proof of a determination for Reform was the vast
meeting assembled there that day. The nature of the flags
alone showed their determination to have the whole Bill.
Mr. GRAHAM seconded it.

Mr. LAMONT proposed an address to the King, and a
petition to the House of Commons founded on the Rmati_
tions

Mr. DOUGLAS, of Barloch, moved the thanks of the meet.
ing to Sir John Maxwell of Pollock, the Chairman, one of the
oldest, and most firm, and consistent friends of Reform, who
was always ready to come forward in support of the liberties
of the people.—(Great applause.) This meeting, so vast in
manber, and sublime as its waving living sea, was composed
of the industrious classes, who had little hope of voting tin.
der the Bill—but spontaneously responded in a tone of indig_
nation, without leaders or tutors, neither needed nor wanted,
to the insult and the injury to every one of them in the rejection
of the Reform, to which they had agreed to sacrifice their
cherished notions of suftlage. He proposed three cheers for
each—to the Chairman—Earl Grey—and the Bill, which
were given with the greatest enthusiasm.
Loud cheers were then given for the Bill, Earl Grey, and
Sir John Maxwell. The meeting then began to theme.—

Three flags on which there were representations of his Me
jesty, partly covered with crape, were at this moment set fir
to, and consumed as they left the field, and the bare pol,
borne aloft. The bodies walked out of the Green in proces-
sion, accompanied by Sir John Maxwell and the Committet
The utmost order prevailed in the vast assemblage during th
whole meeting.

MEETING AT THE HALL, NORWIC

MAY 14.

(Abridged from tilt- Norwich 2lfereury.)
The city exhibited that general tone of vivacity from an
early hour of the morning, which displays itself rather in the
universal air of interest than in any particular circumstances
capable of description. Towards ten o'clock numbers might be
observed gradually to gather towards the Castle Meadow, and
other points of meeting. At a quarter before eleven a large
body of Reformers arrived in procession from Wymondham,
and joined their Norwich friends on the Castle Meadow; and at
eleven the procession was marshalled and put in motion to_
wards St. Andrew's Hall. There were about three thousand
persons, who marched in a most orderly train to several bands
of music, bearing amidst many other placards and banners,
those at foot :

TO OUR PATRIOT.

Peace to the Nation, Plenty to the Poor.
Lord Chancellor Brougham, the Friend of the People.
Gurney and Grant.
Reform.
Union is Strength.
Taxation withont Representation is Tyranny.
Knowledge is Power.
Britons, be no longer Slaves.
God armeth the Patriot.

Reformation throughout the Nation,
And for Old Peers a New Creation.
Power u,urped is weakness when opposed.
Be free, but firm.
Reform, and Confusion to Bishops and Boroughmongers.
The banner of " The King's covered with black crape.
Scarlet flag--Britons be free.

At Freedom's burst,
Tremble, Lyndhurst.
Reform not Constitution.
Let Tax-eaters pay the Taxes.
Be firm and united, hut peaceable.
The Constitution—Nothing more, nothing less.
It our opponents could divide us, they would conquer us.
Large blue and white banner, inscribed—the Men of Liberty
and the Men of Principle.
Lord John Russell, the worthy descendant of an illustrious
race.

Reform, Retrenchment, and no mistake.
New Catton Union.

NVY MONDIL A M.

Pay no Taxes

PrOilierity to the City of Norwich.
We would rather fall with Grey than stand with Wellington,
Britons be free.

The Hall, an area of fifty by thirty yards, which, assigning
six to a square yard, would contain 9,000 persons, was crowded
to suffocation.
The MAYOR, on coming upon the hustings, was received
with the loudest cheers, and placed in the chair.
J. W. ROBBERDS, Esq. Jun. was received with cheers.
He said, " In the present advanced stage of this important
question on which we are now met, it would be idle in me to at-
tempt to move your feelings or minds by arguments on the
general merits of Reform. On that point we are all come to the
same irreversible conclusion—a conclusion which no sophistry
can shake, no reason can alter or strengthen the conviction we
feel of the necessity of this measure for the peace, prosperity,
welfare, and safety of the country. In your minds Reform is
identified with all that is dearest, most sacred, with all that is
connected with national redemption and universal good, and at
a crisis so awful, so tremendous as the present, it would be
unfitting were I to trouble you with a set speech, or an
harrangue of considerable length. Brother Reformers,
this is• the season for action, for stern, resolute, ener-
getic action.—;Tremendous cheering.) All that we most
value upon earth is at stake. Unless we are true to ourselves,
as Englishmen have hitherto ever been—the reign of terror, of
war, of bloodshed, of despotism, is at hand.—(Cheers, and a cry
of " we'll fight for it.") It is unnecessary for me to dwell on
the melancholy events which have happened during the last
week, which have alike disappointed your hopes and a nation's
wishes.—(Cheers.) In those events, however, I see no reason
for despondency. You know now whom you have to contend
with, and knowing that, you will be victorious—you know that
the situation which your Dest friends lately occupied is now
filled by those whom you have reason to know are your greatest
enemies. At the head of these stands the individual who but
a few short months ago made the public declaration, that the
present state of the representation was the most perfect that
human ingenuity could possibly devise. It is the same indivi-
dual who but a few short months ago promulgated to this rea-
soning country a protest, supporting the falsest views of the
Constitution, in which it was asserted that the Monarchy was
the leading feature of the Constitution, while the people were
put far distant in the back ground.—(Cheers.) Then, again,
remember, that this is the same individual who by his habits
of military command, as well as by his close connexion
with the despots of the Holy Alliance, has contracted
those ideas and those sentiments of the Government
which are the least palatable to Britons.—(Che,rs.) But what
can he do against a united nation ? We have lately heard a
violent outcry against swamping the House of Peers, and we arc
told that if a new creation be made it would be a most unconsti-
tutional act. Is it not because the hereditary Peerage is already
swamped that we are now suffering ?—(Cheers.) Were they not
swamped by the foul and fuitid tide of political chicanery
during the reign of stupid bigotry of George the Third ? Were
they not further swamped by the degenerate stream which
flowed in during the reign of finical finery and selfish exclusive..
ness of George the Fourth ?—(Cheers.) Did not this stream
carry in the degenerate race of your Lonsdales and Lowthers,
your Ellenboroughs, your Wharncliffi,s, your Lyndhursts, and
your Wyndfords—(Cheers)—then the vilest spawn of Toryism,
the refuse brood of boroughmongers ?--(Cheers ) Why was
this stream let in : in order that it might form a stagnant pool,
fronts the effects of whose malaria the Constitution might pine,
wither, and decay. Yes, and true to the cause they were
brought in to support, they have supported slavery wherever
they could find it, and opposed enfranchisement and liberty when-
ever and wherever it existed.—(Cheers.) T. ey have emulated the
supercilious haughtiness of the old grandees of Spain—in their
code of morals the nobility of France—in their mode of govern.
ing the vilely treacherous and bloody Venice.—( Cheers.) Such
is the true character of the part of the House of Lords, by whom
your wishes are set at defiance.—(Loud cheering.) This party,
although by every act they have weakened and endeavoured to
destroy the English principles, still have they the audacity to call
themselves the conservative party. Do you know what con-
servative means?—(Yes, though we are weavers.) It means that
they are the guardians of the Constitution. You know that there
are two leading principles in the Constitution. The first is, that
no Eng•ishmen shall be taxed by those who are not his Repre-
sentatives ; and, secondly, that no Peer has any right to interfere
with the election of the representatives of the people. l'hese are
the two principles which the conservative party profess to protect,
yet they openly declare that they have the power to send their no_
minces to Parliament by whom the people have been taxed be.
yond endurance.—(Load cheers.) Yet do they call themselves
the conservative party. I suppose in the next Murray manifesto
we shall have a new dictionary, in which it will be declared, that
the dry rot is the conservative principle of ship-building, that
moss and lichen are the conservativejirinciple in trees and forests,
that murrain is the conservative principle in cattle, and that rats
and mice are the conservative principles in granaries.—(Cheers.)
Such are the enemies with whom you have to contend—do you
not feel that for the preservation of your Constitutional rights
and immunities they must be overcome P Hitherto you,
the people, have acted peaceably but energetically, by which
means you have made the progress you have done. We
have seen that hundreds of thousands have met together in
solemn deliberation, with order and in peace. We have seen
that they have recorded their sentiments boldly but have re-
turned home quietly. The taunts of their opponents they have
answered by silelice, while the fallacious sophistry of hereditary
advocates, and audacious scribes have been answered by a tri.
umphant appeal to history, reason, and fact.—(Cheers.) But
this is not sufficient. When they petition they are told that their
actions and language are seditious. When silent, their tran-
quillity is called reaction—their quietude, indifference.—
(Cheers.) I say to you, persevere in the constitutional course
you have already followed. Keep within the bounds of the law,
abstain from all shew of violence, and victory will, must be
yours.—(Loud cheers.) After having tried every constitutional
means, the last must be resorted to. You know that the places
and pensions are paid by the taxes drawn from you ; the sup-.
plies which furnish those means must be withheld.—(Loud
cheers.) If you call on the House of Commons they must obey
you, and this is the constitutional course which you must pursue
—(Cheers, and turn the rascals out)--and it is for that I trust
you are here this clay.—(slr. Robberds then briefly stated the
substance of the resolutions.) I say again pursue this course,
and you must proceed. Look at history—the people of England
never were successfully opposed when they bravely and ener-
getically and constitutiolially resisted. They have overcome
despotic Kings, they will conquer a degenerate race of degenerate
Lords.—(Cheers.) Mr. Robberds then moved the following
resolutions :

" That the inhabitants and electors of this city have on many
occasions, and more especially during the last two years, zealously
cooperated with their fellow-countrymen in endeavouring to ob-
tain a Reform in the Commons' House of Parliament, for
the purpose of restoring to the people of these realms that full
measure of political influence, .hich has been surreptitiously
curtailed by an encroaching aristocracy, but which they now re-
claim, alike by virtue of their inalienable rights as men, and
under the sanction of the first principles and fundamental jaws
of the British Constitution.
" That this vitally important and ardently desired object has
been pursue with an energy, perseverance, firmness, temper,
and moderation, of which no parallel instances can be found in
the progress of any other great popular cause, and the only
means employed for asserting and giving effect to the national
will have been those which the national institutions furnish, and
which ancient usage or legislative enactments still protect.
" That at the last general election, every county, populous
city, and open borough, did, with a ew inconsiderabie excep-
tions, and almost with one accordant voice, return no other re-
presentatives to Parliament but such as were known heartily to
support the great cause of a full and efficient Reform—and that
the House of Commons thus composed, and speaking in the
name of ;he people, has twice passed, by most decidedmajori-
ties, a measure proposed for the attainment of that object by an
enlightened, uncorrupt, and honest administration.
" That the people having thus far done their duty and ex.
pressed their will, have al,o, by means of petition, address,
and remonstrance, endeavoured to make known their
grievances and their wishes to the other branches of the
Legislature—but notwithstanding these peaceable and con-
stitutional efforts, the measures framed for their relief
have been defeated by a handful of nobles, arraying them.
selves in obstinate opposition to the wishes of united millions,.
and tenaciously clinging to the possession of a power which pub-
lic opinion has denounced in a voice of thunder as unjust and
usurped.
" ihat having ineffectnally tried every other Constitutional
means of accomplishing the object, in which it is our fixed and irre
vocable determination to succeed, it is the decided opinion of this
meeting that the only course now left for the people to pursue
is to petition the House of Commons to withhold all further sup-
plies until the House of Lords shall have assented to and passed
the Reform Bill n w before them, without any alterations de-
trimental to its leading principles, or calculated to impede its be-
neficial operation.
" That the following petition, founded on these resolutions,
be signed by the Chairman in the name and on behalf of this meet-
ing, and he immediately transmitted to the Members for this
City, to be forthwith presented by them to the House of
Commons.

" That the warmest thanks of this meeting be given to R. H.
Gurney, Esq., and the Right Hon. H. Grant, or representatives
in Parliament, for their uniform exertions in favour of the it e-
form.l3lll ; that they be requested to promote with equal con-
stancy the prayer of the'petition now adopted; and if, in the pre-
sent crisis a dissolution of Parliament should take place, the
strongest assurances are hereby given them of their continuing
to receive the same energetic support as on former occasions.
" That this meeting is deeply sensible of the debt of gratitude

which the whole country owes to Lord Grey and his able, ur
-ight, and independent colleagues, for having adopted while
Afire that enlarged an•t liberal policy which they had before s:
.trenuotnly recommended during a long course of patriotic oppe.
itlon ; and that while we regret the event we cannot but approv,
heir noble and high-minded resolution to abandon office, whe:
hey found that it could no longer be honourably or usefully re

That these resolutions be published in the three Norwich
• wipers, and that a printed copy of them be transmitted to each
Member of both Houses of Parliament.
."Fhat the cordial thanks of this meeting be given to the Right
Worshipful the tlayor for haviiig called and presided at the same,
and for his unswerving attachment to the great cause of Civil and
Religious Liberty."
The Hon. Gentleman was greeted with the loudest cheers at
the termination, particularly at the stopping the supplies.
Alderman SPRINGFIELD seconded the resolutions.
The MAYOR then put the resolutions, which were carried
!iv such a forest of hands as never was seen before in that hall
Not a single hand was held up on the other side, and loud cheer,
were immediately given.
T. BIG SOLI), jun Esq. after sonic prefatory remarks upon a
request to b!.., short, said he must throw himself on the people,
and play the part of Lord Lyndhurst, and request that the dif_
franchisement should be postponed. He trjoiced to see such
forest of hands—it was a scene he should like the borough-
mongers to get a peep at. He had divided his long speech into dif.
ferent chapters. He had one for Europe, for Britain, Kings,
Queens, Peers, People, Liberty, Slavery, and Reform ; and the
meeting was at liberty to choose any one, two, or three, or all ;
cry fir Reform.) Well, I'll take you at your word ; but recol-
lect that when

" A lady's is in the case'
All other things give place."
First then of the Queens. First there was HenriecttteaxrtouMaria,
who by meddling in politics and in supportittligth d N
high Tory prin.
Tt7,
Antoinette,her
who husband's
the ea,(ciati,oie the
t,
es coof
conduct brought
then
t
not only her husband's head but her own to the scaffold;
and thirdly (and here I find some difficulty to ex-
press myself, because she, as the consort •of William the
Fourth, is entitled to my respectful homage)--there is Ade-
laide. Having said thus much he should not go further. Mr. B.
then alluded to her Majesty being called the patroness of the
Norwich manufacture, and to having given the use of her name
to one or two individuals. He denied she had given any support
to the weavers of Norwich, and said that the Right Honourable
Robert Grant and Colonel Harvey had, by obtaining the small
East India order, done more good than ever her Majesty had
done. He next adverted to Re:onn. For some years there had
been a most extraordinary family that had made a great stir in
Europe—that had made the aristocrat of all the Russias quail
before the Poles—that had made the Switzers buzzlike bees upon
their hills—that had given Belgium her independe ce, and had
clipped the wings of the House of Nassau—that family's name
was Reform. In Great Britain this family had worked wonders
—in I rel.ind and in Scotland. In England he would go further
into details. Thy-re was a swarm of wriggling tadpoles begotten
in corruption, who were anxious to prove that they belonged to
this noble stock, and wished to supplant it in Englishmen's
hearts, to deprive them of their rights. The names of this fry
were Mr. Conservative Reform, Mr. Moderate, Mr. Bit-by.bit,
and Sir Robert Half-and-half, Mr. Safest Possible, and as little
as possible,and lastly came Mr. Consioerahle Reform. But there
was one of the family who had shown himself a matyr to his
constancy, Mr. Efficient Grey Hamm —(Cheers.) This last has
been called up for trial—nay, many trials—before the Constitu-
tion, the Lords and the King. ie, however, said he would be
tried by the forms of the Constitution, but he has been
turned back by the King. Finding himself in error, he
now says he will be tried by the people, and by God
and his country ; and I ask you if your heart does not, and your
tongue has not declared " God send you a good deliverance."—
((heers.) Mr. Efficiency Grey, having gone to the Castle in
Windsor in vain, looks to the New-hall-hill, at Birmingham.
—(Tremendous cheering.) I will conclude by this appeal—who,
of all this assembly, is not ready, body and soul, heart and hand,
to unite fearl ssly yet lawfully, to resist the efforts of a faction
against the liberties of the world ?—(Loud cheers.) Mr. Big_
nold then moved the Address, which was an echo of the Reso-
lutions.
Mr. KITTON seconded the petition, which was carried by
acclamation.
A. HUDSON, Esq. said after the resolutions and petitions
had been so triumphantly carried, he could not suffer the meet-
ing to separate without moving a vote of thanks to their two
Representatives who had so nobly done their duty in supporting
the great cause of Reform. He was requested by Mr. Grant to
say that he should certainly have attended the meeting had it not
been that a call of the House for that evening upon a very mo-
mentous question compelled him to remain in London. N ith
respect to Mr. Gurney not being in London, he was fortunately
able to attend, and would address them. Mr. H. then moved a
resolution of thanks.
Mr. MILLS seconded the resolution. He hoped it would be
distinctly understood that the supplies should be withheld till the
Bill waf carried in all its integrity.
It. H. GURNEY', Esq, then presented himself, apparently
suffering considerable bodily pain from the goat. He was re-
ceived wish tremendous cheering, and spoke nearly as follows :
Gentlemen, if it was with dilliailty I addressed you on a former
occasion, it is with much more difficulty that I do so now, not
only because I am unwell, but because on thepreent momentous

occasion I scarcely know how to express my-feelings. When I
last had the honour of addressing you, I expected the Bill would
have been carried, because upon it the sa.vation if the country
depended. The granting equal rights to all is the only means by
which this kingdom edi be saved from convulsion. 1 had then
hoped that the next Parli ment would have been chosen on the
principles of the Reform Bill by which your condition would have
been ameliorated, and the liberties not only of England but of
other nations would have been secured and ss.i.porteci. If the
assertion of all the leading men of the late athninistration is to be
believed, then we had reason to hope the measure would hate
been carried, but in that assurance we have been disappointed.
Where the blame lies it is not for me to guess. Time will show,
and I have no doubt thecountry will be satisfied with the conduct
of the late Ministers. The course which we have to pursue is an
arauoris one, and it is only by withholding the supplies that the
end in view can be obtained. As to pedges, I have been with
you thirty years, I have fought by your side, advocating the
principles of the people, and have you ever found me treacherous
to your cause ?—(No, no, and cheers.) When I can no longer
screw my courage to the stwking place, I will resign my trust
into your hands. Gentlemen, lam anxious to carry this ques.
hot' peaceably, because if convulsion should come' see must ad
of us stiffer great privations and troubles; if, on the other hand,
it is carried quietly by the force of public opinion alone, it will
bring peace to England and peace to the world.—(Great cheering.)
I'. BRIGHTW ELL, Esq. said there was not a duty which
they ought to perform more readily than that of thauking
Lord Grey and the late Administration. Lord Grey had
acted nobly by the people ; he would not in any way sub-
mit to a jesuitical tinkering with the Pill, and therefore
he had gone out. The course lie had pursued, the perse-
verance he had shown, were only to be equalled by the wisdom
of the Bill itself. He had drawn from its bitterest enemies
strong concessions in its favour. Sir Robert Peel himself
had admitted that the true principle 01 representation was
population, and Lord Ellenborough had become an ad-
vocate for scot and lot Reform. The Reformers had been
assailed as revolutionists, but he would appeal to the authority
of Blackstone and De Loline its support of the principles of the
Reformers, and Mr. B cited some strong passages. It is a'snockery
of the very word Parliament to find its Members returned by
stone walls, and not by such places as Birmingham. The Learned
Gentlemen then contended against the folly of asserting that
there was no reaction. He had no chapter of Kings or Queens
—he looked to the Commons—he looked to the people—let them
take the constitutional r. sans in their power for securing that to
which they were entitled. So great was the distress, that it be.
hoved all men to relinquish all minor differences, and to unite
in one common cause—the poor were in a state of star-
vation, the middling classes in the deepest distress, and
the country was altogether arrived at that condition
that the Government must submit to the voice of
the people. The Whig party will have nothing
greater to boast of than the firm and decisive conduct of Earl
Grey on this occasion. He would have no tinkering with the
principles of the Bill, and rather than have one stone touched of
the building which he had raised, lie had nobly resigned. His
name would go down to posterity with the blessings of the people,
and his monument would be, that standing with his feet on I
schedules A and 13. he had shown his desire to pull down the
strong hold of corruption, anti to build up the interests of the
people.
Mr. BRIGHTWELL seconded Mr. Birkbeck's motion, which
was put and carried unanimously.
Mr. PURLANI) then presented himself, and said he had
been requested by the Committee to move a resolution, be-
fore which he would take the liberty of saying a word or two.
The members of the Political Unions had been denominated
rebels, the lawless mob; and Mr. Utten Browne had called them
incendiaries. Now he (Mr. P.) was an u ionist, and if Mr.
Browne knew that lie had either connived at incendiarism
or beets guilty of it, assuredly he was bound to come forward
and prove it; if he did not come forward and do so, then he
was a common liar. Sonic persons were disappointed at the de.
vision of the House of Lords, but he never considered they would
pass the Bill in the present liaise, knowing that he had to con-
tend with the deadliest enemies 01 the people and a whole host of
corruptionists. He hail been informed on the hustings, that the
Duke of 'Wellington had refused to present the Birmingham
petition—what would the meeting think if he refused to present
a petition from Norwich —would they not be justified in resorting
to other means ? They were satisfied with the Bill, but if resist-
ance became a duty, then they would have something more Our
political enemies in Norwich had resorted to the expedient of
giving a pint of beer to those who signed the petition against
Reform; what had that meeting received for coming there, had
they received threepence among them all's Earl Grey had
been defeated by the paupers of the cAnintry, not those who
were receiving Is. a week a head, but perhaps 11. an hour; these
were the opponents of the Bill, and as they opposed us, it is our
duty to oppose them. Let the whole world know what the people
had done that day. We will be free, or perish in the attempt.—
The men now in power were those who had suspended the Ha-
beas Corpus Act—had passed the dungeon and gagging Bills,
and had taken poor men from their families, and locked them
up in gaols, for no other reason but because they differed in
political opinions. Mr. Purland concluded by urging those
present to join in organizing the Politic..l Union, and informed
the meeting that an assembly of the Union would be held that
evening at five o'clock, to receive numbers. The time was come
when it was necessary that melt should be narrowly watched, to
see if their actions corresponded with their words. Mr. P. then
moved that the resolutionof that meeting be published in the three
Norwich Papers; and that a printed copy of them be sent to
every Member o the two Houses of Parliament.
Mr. G REEVES addressed the meeting.
Mr. BURROWS, in a speech which, though brief, and
pointed, we have not time to report at length, moved, " that
the Right Hon. Robert Grant, as he willbecome a candidate for
our votes, be required to pledge himself, should he become our
representative, to vote no supply until an efficient Reform Bill be
carried and become the law of the land.
Mr. 1'
AI, MER replied to Mr. Burrows at great length, and
contended that what Mr. Burrows desired was already accom-
plished—anti moved a vote of thanks to the Mayor.
Mr. S. WISEMAN also spoke at some length, and seconded it.
Mr. BIGNOLD took the sense of the meeting as to the last
motion, and said he trusted that the county of Norfolk would
soon follow the example of the metropolis.
The MAYOR said while I enjoy the high and distinguished
situation in which you have
plued me, I consider it to be my
duty to attend to your wishes in this instance. I have only done
my duty, and for your approbation of my conduct this day I beg
leave to thank you.
Three cheers were then given for the Reformers of Wytriond-
ham, and for the Birmingham Union.
M.. RICHARDSON addressed the meeting on the necessity
of the Unions, and Mr. RUST also spoke after the Mayor had
left the chair.
Monday, May 14, half-past four o'clock.

(FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT AT NORWICH.)
A most respectable and numerous meeting was held at the
Angel Inn, last night, Sir J. H. Gallop, Knt. in the Chair.
Several gentlemen spoke, and the meeting came to the unani-
mous resolution to support R. H. Gurney, Esq. and the Hon.
Robert Grant, our present Members, in the event of a dissolu.
lion. The resolution has been to-day signed very numerously
throughout the city. It is presumed that 2,000 signatures will
be adixed.
