la second a war of that nature, it becomes her first to
651: the question whether the proposed hostilities arc
just and neceesaty. In the Hatt'.-scherriff, which was
the cause of the aggression of Russia, these decla-
lione were publicly given :—First, a religh us appeal
was made to all Mahometans to take up arms against
fitresia; next, there was a positive statement that Turkey
would only enter into negotiations with Russia to deceive
her and to gain time, the better to prepare new means of
tesihtance ; thirdly, that site had signed the Treaty of
Ackermann with the intentien of violating it, :red that
the never would fulfil any of its conditions. Therefore,
not only were we not responsible for the conduct of that
power in enzas,,ing in the war, but if we had undertaken
her defence, we must have undertaken it upon grounds
which no lemest Minister could approve.—(Hear, hear.)
—Whatever importance WC might attach to the integrity
of Turkey, and whatever wish we might entertain to see
an amicable se:lenient of the matters in dispute, I must
Protest against the notion that I•:neland Illigiit to be bound
by the rashness or folly which might influence the councils
of others. The conduct of England in attempting to
mediate was perfectly consistent with wisdom ; but there
was no obligation, express or implied, of treaty, of good
faith, sir of policy, which could induce or justify her in
asaivelv interfering by means of war with the iseue of the
Penti:ng contest. Still, notwithstanding that war, and
Oetwithetanding the peculiar circumstances in which Eng-
land and France were placed as neutral powers, having to
execute the Treaty of 6th July with Russia, a belligerent,
tre fe t it so important to Europe, and, above all, we had
contracted such oblig diens to Greece, that we were com-
pelled to overcome every minor difficulty, and to perse-
vere in the Attainineot of the objects of the Treaty. lam
happy to say that we have succeeded : that Treaty is on
the eve of its final accomplishment: peace has been pre-
served ; and whatever may haVe been the original inten-
tions oF the authors of the Treaty, I will venture to
sly that in the result it will be found that the three
great parties never contemplated any settlement so
favourable to Greece as that which, I think, consistently
with justice to Turkey, we have been enabled to
to .ke. Let me remind the House that by the Treaty
of the 6:11 July nothing more was contemplated
than the establishment of that sort of qualified in-
depend ace which would hare left the State of Greece
as the vassal of the Porte, and subject to the pay-
ment of a consideralle tribute : the Porte would even hare
had the power to interfere in the nomination of the Greek
Governors. By intervening events, and by negotiation,
we hive been able to establish the complete independence
of Greece. She no longer holds the rank of a mere vassal
dependent upon the Porte, but she will take her place
among the independent nations.—(Hear, bear.)—Having
• effected these objects, notwithstanding the difficulties op-
posed to us, I apprehend it will he felt that there has been
that degree of harmony and good faith in the Councils of
the Powers of Great Britain, France, and Russia, as at
least to induce the House to suspend its judgment until
the promised papers can be laid upon the table. Surely
. there is nothing in the course of these transactions to jus-
tify suspicion. I concur with the Noble Lord, that it
must be the policy of this country to see that a new State
thus formed is placed in a situation in which it can be
prosperous ; and I join with him heartily in the wish be
has expressed, that the Greeks of the present day mty re-
cover from the torpor of long slavery, and be enabled to
emulate the glory of their prelecessare, while, at the same
time, they enjoy all the advantages that arise &ern the pro-
gress of knowledge, and from the establishment of those
institutions which, in happy countries like this, are cal-
culated to insure the possession of civil and religious
liberty.—(Much cheering.)
Sir J. MACKINTOSH complimented the Noble Lord
on the candid tone of his whole speech, and the Right Hon.
Secretary on the corresponding character of the earlier
part of what he had addressed to the House. He would
not follow the latter over the debateable ground of the
policy of employing the influence of England in prevent-
ing the late war between Russia and Turkey, but he would
aaY, expressly, what the Right Hon. Gent. had said by
implication, that the success of Russia in that just war
(for-such he admitted it to be) had enabled the three
Allied Powers to bring the Treaty of the 6th July to a
happy conclusion. He did not know that it was a matter
of serious importance to inquire what had been the opinion
of Mr. Fox thirty years ago relative to the independence
of Turkey, but the case might he stated in a few words.
In the course of the correspondence between Mr. Fox, as
the head of the Foreign Office, and the Ministers of France
in 1806, an *pinion was expressed which had reference to
that time, and to the then peculiar circumstances of Eng-
land and France. It was wished to consolidate the peace
of Europe, and fbr this purpose it was thought that the
• two Powers should guarantee the integrity of Turkey.
Such was' the opinion of Mr. Fox at that single moment
• of his life, and under -a peculiac combination of circum-
stances ; but to that opinion was opposed what was well
known to all the friends of Mr. Fox, that as au English-
man and as a lever of liberty, as a citizen of the world, he
was an enemy to the institutions of Turkey—that he de-
tested their tyrannical and barbarous principles--and that
he heartily wished them expelled from the boundaries of
Erirope. Mr. Fez did not consider them a m.mber of the
great European family; but he thought, nevertheless, at
that time, that the preservation of the integrity of the
Ottoman Power was a legitimate object. What had just
fallen from the Right Hon. Gentleman as to the exemption
of Greece from foreign influence, and as to the establish •
meat of a limited monarchy, gave him (SirJ. Mackintosh)
sincere gratification ; he had heard with joy the same sen-
timent before in another place, end it compensated for
much else of a different character that proceeded from the
' same quarter. He had heard it said elsewhere, " Let the
Prince and the people of Greece settle their own inetitu-
tions"—(Hear, hear)--and if that simple pledge were ad-
hered to, all would be well. Ile believed that he was the
first-who had presented a petition ft-sun a very humble
community for the establishment of the independence of
Greece ; and
he congratulated them that the end was
about to be attained by the simple, but effectual means
pointed out in that petition. He felt the utmost joy that
the Treaty of 6th July was alma to be carried into com-
plete execution, after the unworthy mariner in which that
compact had been used, after the unworthy language uni-
formly applied to the person to whom Greece was in-
d_fisted for it, arid who might justly be termed the de-
liver and pacifier of the East of Europe. He was glad to
see that those who were formerly opposed to him on this
lei"' point, now took credit for carrying into effect the
great measure which his genius had conceived. On these
points his joy was unmixed, his satisfaction perfect ; and
711..
sohe called upon to vote upon this resolution, he
should an
of pport it on no ground of hostility to, or distrust
.. "tem, but upon what he had heard before, and
which had been this night confirmed, that the present
nt
Government of this country was adopting a mischievous
arrangement regarding the limits of the territory of
Greece, . and justifying that arrangement upon false prin.
e
ilLes• • The Right Honourable Gentleman had said that
Greece was to have something better than an extended
141:--
of -that she was to have compensation for the narrow-
• inher bundaries : but it was not denied that she was
nto have the frontier which would have been assigned
to not
• her.i_o.otler the Treaty of 6th July. A portion of the
T„dt ntemled territory of Greece was to be ceded to
whicheY:andt above all, that was to be relinquished
Poses, Wwhile
tt
as woull be of no value fur offensive pur-
e to the defence of the centre of the
asrevGL. empire,What had most surprised him, however,
the
felt himseif.?oking
culdia. principle adopted by Ministers with reference to
was to to the Treaty of the 6th of July, he
be
formed,
in assuming, that when a new State
ing such 'filed, as Greece was, that the right of claim-
*, tits defence
of the Turkish territory as was essential
e of Gra did the right eece belonged as much to that country
tof noticing a similar demand, for similar
PUrpo",b.
e_ "mg to Turkey. The Treaty of the 6th of
was' ,r.neeatled upon the principle that Turkish territory
of ``ne taken to such extent as would secure the means
military defence to the new State, and neither Turkey
to ito the Allies
• nOr
would be at liberty at a future day
met peach clear Pacn the acts done under it. Nothing could be
and expi tee than the language of the Treaty of
the 6th :f
sigjulY it declarer that the territory and the de-
Wereuatioa o f the islands which were to belong to Greece
to fora_ ,
comendio the subject of negotiation between the two
emir to t,la
.partiesTurkey,u be eto endea-
err the
(74 the territory ofy as that Power might
that oethnev hand, contend for the limitation of Greece ;
of Greeo:ng could be plainer than that the independence
defence should be secured, and the means of its military
Meal
. upon grounds ed
for.
Now the cession of Candia went
the 6th of Tu. strikingly et variance with the Treaty of
lion of iris fail
However, he would reserve the expres-
were lx.for. 11l judgment upon the subject until the papers
the di,,,4,0t` the House, and he should sincerely rejoice in
Wise ,att,o7-if such should be the result—of those worldly-
ing tge-se Who mistook craft for sagacity. If in mak-
reit whicietvc'. observations he had gone beyond the strict
ins subject, neordinary occasions were observed in discuss-
H
1n1,t441 to the dip that nature, he hoped it would be attri-
Trotted te !el, interest which such a question was cal-
Lordxci ear, hear.)
lion of hie ERSTON adverting to the recommenda-
PthstPone the fightd UM Friend (Mr. Peel) that they should
PaPero were 4efiscoriusion of the present question till the
Gentleman had he them, complained that the Right Hon.
. dyke woi 3mself deviated from his own recommen-
- 41Vgired othorg to Gaulle thowellice to
