THE LATE EXPLOSION ON BOARD

THE VICTORIA, HULL STEAMER.

11IGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-NIORROW.
Morning 49 minutes after 11 I Evening 0 minutes after 0

The publication of THE SUN NEWSPAPER commenced this day
at 10 minutes past Three o' Clock.

THE SUN, LONDON, MONDA Y, JUNE 18, 1838.

The Pharc of Bayonne mentions a revolt among the Carlist troops at
Urdach on the Bth instant. Two companies, headed by two sergeant_
majors, demanded their pay, and the sedition was only put down by the
arrival of a battalion of Navarre, when the companies were disarmed.
According to another account three companies had wished to join Mona-
got.'

" The Carlist expedition under Carmona," we quote a letter from
Pampalona of the 7th inst., "of which the remainder has returned into
Navarre, has lost more than 1,0()0 men. Yesterday our troops, corn.
manded by Esparterro in person, occupied Zubiri, Inigo, and the whole
line from Valcarlos ; they will march to-day on Larainzar. It appears
to be the intention cf Esparterro, who has placed two brigades under
Alaix, at Puente la Reyna, to attack the valley of •Ulzama. This
movement will intercept all communication between Estella and To.
losa. Leon el Conde will resume his former positions at Lcrin, and
Iriarte will station himself at Lodosa."

The Vantour steam-boat, commanded by Lieutenant raffle Duparc,
has just received orders to quit Toulon. This steam-boat is to convey
to Africa Monloud-Ben Aruch, the Envoy of Abd-el-Kader, who was
expected at Toulon on the 19. th. It is said that this Envoy tal;es with
him munificent presents for the Emir, his Sovereign, and for himself.
We are informed that there will be no camp at Compeigne this year.
The Prince Royal intends to make a tour in the Autumn on the Northern
and Eastern frontiers.

A Frankfort Paper has a letter from Posen of the sth May, which
says that preliminary proceedings against the Archbishop, Al. Dunin,
commenced on that day, whon 51. Frankenburg, Chief President of the
Courts of Justice of the Provincial, repaired to the Archiepiscopal
palace for that purpose. The Archbishop has again applied to his
Majesty, to petition him to erase the rules of the canon law, to be ob-
served in the proceedings against him.—Le Commerce.

FRENCH FUNDS.—Paats, Jura 16,
rive per Cents.. 110 f. 60c. SOc. 75e.
Four per Cents., 102 f. 50c.
Three per Cents., SOf. 15c. 20c.
Bank Actions, 2,775 f.
nente de Naples, 138 f. 75c. Pc.
Roman Five per Cents., 101y%l.
Spanish Actives,
Spanish Passives, 4%.
Belgian Loan, 102%.
Belgian Bank, 1,415 f. 1,44 Cf.
Haytian Loan, 370 f. 360 f.
RV:MANOR ON LONDON.
One month, paper, 23f. 421,c.; money, 25f. 40c.
Three months, paper, —l. .—e. ; money, 231. 32Y,Ct.
LATEST PRICES.
Five per Cents. 110 f. SOc.
Three per Cents., NW. 25c.
Batik Actions, 2,770 f.
Romans, 101 X.
Belgian Loan, 102'4.
Belgian Bank. 1,440 f.
Portuguese Three per Cents., 24X.
Haytien Loan, .160 f.
Spanish Actives, 2-214,
Spanish Passives, .
BRUSSELS, JUNE )6.—M. Van de Weyer, our ambassador at London,
arrives! yesterday at Brussels, and had a private audience of his Majesty.
He will make but a short stay.

VIENNA, JANE S.—Accounts have been received that the newly_
erected building at the Spa of Gratenberg has most unexpectedly fallen
down, that twelve persons were killed, and above twenty others more or
less injured.

RELGIAN k UNDS—BRUSSELS, JUNE 15 .
Actual Debt, 2!4 per Cent.
Rothschild's Loan, 5 per Cent. .........
Loan of Thirty Million.=
Loan of City, 1832, 4 per Cent 95
Society of Commerce, 45,', per Cent 1 9
Bank of Belgium, 5 per Cent lll
National Society .
128%
—Erussels Papers' June 16.
AUSTRIAN FUNDS.—VIE:cvs, JUNE S.
Five per Cents. Metalliques
Fosir per Cents.
Three per Cents.
Bank Shares 82%
... ........................ . .....
—4llgemeineZeitung. June 13.

Letters and Papers from Madrid to the 9th instant, in-
clusive, Lave come to hand. this morning. We copy from

gregated outside, and broke the windows, but did no fur- '
ther mischief. The Mayor, however, took no notice of
the outrage; many applauded the conduct of the rioters ;
and the consequence was, that on the following night they
again assembled, and in the presence of thousands of passive
spectators burst open the doors, and set the whole building
on fire. The Mayor then made his appearance, but having
taken no measures to have his authority respected, he, of
course, could do nothing—and in a few hours the entire
edifice was one heap of ruins. The next clay passed off
as quietly on the part of the authorities as the day preced-
ing ; whereupon the incendiaries, seeing that they might
act with perfect impunity, assembled again the third
night, and burned the Orpham Asylum and School
for negro children ; broke the windows of a house be-
longing to an abolitionist ; fired a shot at the sheriff happily
without effect ; smashed the windows of the Black Church ;
and were it not for the intrepid conduct of Mr. Rust', the
City Recorder, and the firemen, who formed themselves
into a band to appose the rioters, there is every reason to
believe that they would not have desisted before burning
the house of every abolitionist in Philadelphia.
The most disgraceful features of this most disgraceful
affair are the culpable negligence of the chief magi-
strate, the apathy of the great body of the citizens, and
the protraction for three successive nights, of such
scenes as we have just described. Had the whole of the
outrages been committed in the course of one night by an
infuriated mob, no blame could be cast on the bulk of the
citizens ; but the time that elapsed in the course of their
deliberate perpetration, will long reflect a stigma upon the
City of Philadelphia. It was brutal, in the last degree, to witness
unmoved the smashing of the windows of an edifice filled ex-
clusively w;th ladies ; and, to say the least of it, there was
but a poor manifestation of even personal courage exhibited
in flinging brands into churches, asylums, and the quiet domi-
ciles of inoffensive and unresisting Members of the Society of
Friends. In Philadelphia mobs appear to be dangerous
only to the defenceless ; for the instant Mr. RUSH and the
firemen appeared, and threatened, at the peril of their
lives, to maintain the inviolability of the law, the rioters
took to their heels, although in the very act of firing a
Church

These outrages, instead of retarding, will greatly accele-
rate the abolition of slavery in America. They mark the
character and the moral feeling of the anti-abolitionists•
The brand, the rope, and -the bowie knife, are their
great arguments for continuing two millions of their fellow-
creatures in a state of perpetual bondage. The civilized
world has risen at the invocation of justice, humanity, and
religion to refute them.

The Hastings, with the Earl of DURHAM on board, had
entered the St. Lawrence, but her passage was impeded by
the ice. The Brig of war which accompanied the llatt-
ings, proceeded to Halifax.
On the 20th ult., the Prince de JOINVILLE, third son of
the King of the FRENCH landed at Norfolk. His Royal
Highness proceeded the day following on his route to
Washington.

The state of the Money Market at New York on the
26th of May, and for the whole of the preceding week, was
very favourable. We copy from the New York _Daily
Express of the 26th an interesting: article upon this now
all-engrossing subject :

NEW YORK MONEY MARKET, MAY 26.
Our Banks are getting more confidence, and begin to discount a
little more freely. There is little or no demand for specie, and the cir-
culation is expanding. The great embarra,sments that are felt are from
the impossibility to know when the Philadelphia Banks will resume
specie payments. If this question was definitely settled, it would inspire
much confidence.

UNCURRENT MONEY.—There is no material change in any descrip-
tion. United States is better than it was ;it is nosy selling at to If
per cent. The New England notes, except Rhode Island, sell very
readily. Those of the Connecticut Banks stand better than any other.
SPECIE.—The import since our last has been very small, and it is to
he hoped more will follow that already here. There is no question
that the amount of specie here is abundant for alt purposes of resump.
tion. In this city the amount cannot be much less than 10,000,000
dollars, and In Philadelphia quite as much. Thus 20,000,000 of dollars
are heaped up in these two cities which is of very little use to either.
EXCIIANUE—FOREION.—By the last packet there seas more demand
for bills, and the rates on London stood at per cent. advance; sales at
1071 per cent. The amount of bills from the South is small—the
rate of discount is so great that they are mostly taken there by the
United States Bank and others. From Canada, strange to say, we
get no bills; it was supposed that ere this very large amounts would be
sent here tunegotiate.

EXCHANGE.—DOMESTIC.—Last week and the beginning of this, bills
on the South improved very considerably. Since then, however, they
have declined again. Bills on Mobile, for instance, sold at 10 per cent.
discount, and since then at 15. There is much more confidence in
Southern Drafts than there was two months ago, and the amount in
markets is much reduced from what it was. Tennessee will probably
soon stand well; the new Bank in that State has large funds here is
draw upon.

STOCKS.—This week has been one of extraordinary excitement, and
the transactions have been immense, reminding us of the excitement
and bustle that was common two years ago. The fluctuations are re
corded as fo!hw:—

Saturday, p.m.—The week has closed with great firmness; indeed we
may say with a large advance. For the last three days stocks have been
going up, up, up. To-day they have touched the highest point yet. All
fancy as well as regular stocks have improved, and the sales unusually
large. United States rose 1 per cent., Delaware as much, Harlem 3,
and every stock on the list more or less.
Monday, t.m.—The week Eas opened with great spirit, and a rapid
rise. We noticed the closing of last week with a steady advance, but
none expected that the prices would be continued The operations,
however, have been immense. United States touched 12S, with a
desire to purchase. This is up to old prices previous to the repeal of its
charter. Delaware rose 2 per cent., and most active sales. All local
banks up. Mohawk up 5 per cent. since Saturday. Harlem 5 per cent.
higher, and Stonnington 2 per cent., and nearly every stock on the list
proportionably advanced
Th

e whole of the Paris Journals of Friday and Satur-
day have been received, but their contents are of little in-
terest. On Saturday the Chamber of Deputies adopted
the Paris, Havre, and Dieppe Railway Bill. On Thurs-
day the Chamber passed- the Annual Alien Residence Re-
gulation Bill, first adopted in 1832 as a precaution against
the excessive influx of Polish refugees. In the Chamber
of Peers the. 13i11 for the regulation of the staff of
the Army was proceeding in a way far from satis-
factory to the KING. Their Lordships fixed the number
of Marshals in time of peace at eight—a regulation which
LOUIS PIIIPIPPE is said to be strongly opposed to, as it
checks the free exercise of the Royal prerogative.
The following are extracts from the journals :

the Gazelle of that date the official announcement of the
victory gained by Colonel ZURBANO over the Carlist chid,
BALMASEDA, referred to in The Sun of Saturday :

" The Commandant-General of Burgos writes on the sth, referring to
a letter from the military commander of Lerma, that on the 3d the
Carlist chief Balmaseda was attacked and beaten by the column of
Colonel Zurbano in the vicinity of Quintanar. The Christino chief
took two of the enemy's companies prisoners, and liberated all the pri-
soners sf Ontoria,—viz., 1 Colonel, 3 Captains, 7 Lieutenants, II Sub..
Lieutenants, and 436 privates. He adds, that on the 4th the rebels
were surrounded by the forces of Zurbano, Brigadier Espeleta, and the
Commandant-Oeneral of the Slerra."

On the 2d, the Carlist Chief, FORCADILL, attacked
Chiva a second time, and was again repulsed, with the loss
of 100 killed and wounded. On the samo day General
ORAA was at Teruel, at the head of 4,000 infantry and 500
cavalry, awaiting a reinforcement of 6,000 more troops.
On the Bth, two articles of the Tithe Bill had been adopted
by the Cortes. By the second, one-third of the proceeds of
that impost is vested in the Government as a war contri-
bution. Nothing more had been done with regard to the
loan contract.
