1111PLOOK OUT, AFRICANS !—EXETER HALL,
iIiONDA Y.
THE Oct.');‘> of the ANTI SLAVE TRADE
:biEETING. under Prince Albert. Buxton, and Co 'a
‘• NIGGER EX?EDITION" is tor another grant t) 61,540/.
out of the public purse., for a swincilig puratase over again
from the :-•paniarc:'s or the " Isle of FERN ANDO PO," as
money fot earryirg 'he SThrini,h Elections against the people;
also by " youth ALBERT'S " influence, under Quaker views,
to get the late Governor or Colon.al ~friea—Col. Campbell—
to sacrifice his honour [and trustworthiness from the blacks] as
their sole. Agent ty•power of attorney from the elected Kings
f 'outan. This perfidious scheme (after the 22.000,0001. in
11 clz-money-partic pation) is similar in point of fact to the
m >ek and pious mis:tionery game by Lord Durham, end laud-
sellin7 party, in gaining over Lieut. ill• Donnell vide Govern-
meat despatches) as the qualified agent of the elected chief's
hitad4fen of New Zealand—for the transfer of the Native rights
—as well as large tracts of Land to the N. Z. Society.
CHARLES ACKERLEY,
Iflustratz of the D;al of Nature.
N.B.—Sere;nts in plain clothes, &c. to enter the side door
at Exeter Hal!, by 10 o'Cleck.

.;.sii".W HISTORICAL WORK, EDITED BY G. P. R.
JAMES, Esq.
. _ _

_ .
Just Ready, in 3 vole.. Bvo., with Portraits, 363. bound,
LETTERS ILLUSTRATIVE OF '1 HE

RLIGN OF WILLIAM' 111.
Addresse.l to the Duke of Shrewsbury.
By JAMES VERNON, Esq.,
Secretary of State.
Edited, with Introductions and Notes,
By G. P. R. JAMES, Esq.,
Author of "Memoirs of the Court of Louis
•' Richelieu," Sze.

. _
Henry CoMorn, Publisher. 13, Great Nlariborough-street.
Ocders received by all Booksellers.

REFORM OF CHANCERY.

THE FIRST BA FIERY WILL BE
OPENED against this hideous Basilic, the Ecclesiasti-
cal, and other Court:, on SATUKDAY NEXT, May 30, from
the point, 21. Catherine-•street, Strand.
No. 1. of " THE WOOLSACK,"

a New Wc(-kly Newspaper, having for its lendirgy, object the
reform of abuses in Equity and Law, more especially those con-
sequent on the infamous delays of Chancery.
As a General newspaper •. The Woolsack " will be equal to
any publication yet issued. Particulars of cases and their
effect,: in private life are solicited in confidence, and will re-
ceive every attention.
Address to " the Editor of The Woolsack," Office 21, Ca-
therine-street, Strand.
The First Nuinber on Saturday nest. price Sixpence.
Order immediately of any Newsman.

DAVIDGE'S .stOYAL SURREY THEATRE.
Sixth Week of Haino's New Village Tragedy, "The Life of a
Woman," and still increasing desire of the Public to witneis
its representaTion, and Second Week of " Everybody's Re.
lation," which exeites roars of laughter from delighted au-
diences.

THIS EVENING, MAY 30,
`.1:111 be acted the New Village Tragedy, enfitleti
THE LIFE OF A WOMAN; OR, THE CURATE'S
DAUGHTER.

Realization of Ilogarth's celebrated " Harlot's Progress,"
After hich will he revived the Domestic Drama. entitled
VIC . °RINE, THE MAID OF PARIS.
To conclude with a New Comic Drama, called
EVERYBODY S RELATION.
Sv,,r;rted by tho entire strength of the Company.

Lord DURHAM'S Wport. He satirlzed Sir F. HEAD,
cocci. t Lit; itdrodect,no of the horrid bane or reli•
tinus disc, nsioa t he Coloi'y, ref tr, it to the tempt-
ing c:airuplc cf Slates, describlug the Upper
Contillan,• as turho;ent, lovers of liberty, and ev,ressed
'hit Lower Can,,di it s vioulil sub:nit,
and lif'enole •oo suLr±rtiipot t; the Governmeiit. Tiicre

might be sonic ditner in the plan, but in no other was
there safety.
Mr. HUSIE would vcae for going into Committee,
though the Bill did not give the popular branch of the
Constitution all the power it ought to have.
Mr. COLQUHOUN quoted Lord SEATON to show that
in Lower Canada responsible Government was the
catch-wcrd of every rebel. He was for continuing
Upper Cana la as at present, and for governing
Lower Canada on the despotic plan, till the p, ople had
been improved by education, alias converted from Po-
pery to the kindred creed of the Anzliean Church, and
then he would give them good g,ov• rnment.
Lord HOIVICZ advocated the Bill in a sensible
speech, re.qt.ommenuing obedience to the wishes of the
Canadians, and forgetfulness of past events.
Mr. O'CoNNELL protested against the Bill, and
declared that the country had not yet recovered from the
insiirrection into which it had been plunged by the !oily
of Sir F. HEAD.
Lord J. RUSSELL defended the Bill at some length,
and assailed his friend Mr. HUME and his opponent
Mr. PA KINGTON.

Mr. PAKINGTON, finding the sense of the House
a7.ainst him, declined to press his amerchnent to a divi-
sion, and the House then went into a Committee. In
Committee most of the clauses were agreed to without
much discussion.

On clause 4, Mr. C. LUSHINGTON proposed that
no sp'ritual person should be summoned to the Lewis.
lathe Council of Canada. The Hon. Member found
in the recent conduct of Bishop PHILLPorTs and other
ecclesiastical inci•mtiaries, sem, excellent arguments to
support 11. s propositions, though, as we do not like
disqualifications of any Lind, we doubt its propriety.
The cure for ecclesiastical arrogance must be sought to
the enlightenment of the people. Mr. LosHlNGTois's
amentlawnt was opposed by Lord JOHN RUSSELL, and
lost by 83 to 29.
On clause 27, the qualification clause. Mr. HUMS
moved th,it it oe omitted, hut his amendment was log
by 94 to 27, and the blank of the clause filled up
with 5001.

On toe 37th clause, providing a Civil List. Mr. HUME
movrd as an amendment that the sum be reduced from
45,0001. to 43,0001., but the larger sum wus car-
ried against him by SS to 14. Such provisions in
a Bill savour of minute legislation. The Civil
List ought to be provided by and set tied
by the Canadian Legislature. The Governor
being appointed by the Government at home should be
paid by the people at home, and as highly as the people
at home choose to allow. At least we know no other
criterion for Governors' salaries. They are always all
that can be got. Toe Bill went through the Commit-
tee, and the Report was ordered in be roxivai on
Tuesday next.
No other business of importance teas transacted,
though si.veral Bids were forwarded.
The House atijeurricel before all the business was
gone through, in consequence of the want of Members
to constitute a quorum.

It is impossible for any man to say that the pre•
sent condition of England is satisfactory. Tie
authority of prescription in matters of Government
is destroyed, and reason has not yet obtained the
power which prescription possessed. Old institu-
tions were necessarily abrogated, because they were
worn out ; they tumbled, in fact, to pieces ; and
new ones, whatever may be their merits, have not
given satisfaction. The bulk of the people are
immersed in poverty, and alienated in heart and
soul from our once praised, admired, or even re
vered Constitution. Tire clergy teach them
not, and the aristocracy do not govern them. They
will not listen to the former, who speak what has
no affinity to their wants or their hopes ; and they
will not honour the latter, who, having once been
the trusted leaders of the people in war and peace,
have dwindled into mere extortioners of their sub-
stance by means of she chicanery of laws. Nor has
this condition been either foreseen or provided for
by the Legislature, whether directed by Whig or
Tory statesmen. It has endeavoured, but how
vain every day proves, to meet and conquer some
petty evils as they arose, by importing a police
from France, and by endeavouring to revive a sort
of Papal priesthood. In small matters, as in great,
we see reason to doubt the foresight and sagacity
• of the Legislature ; and the same ruling and all-
regulating body which could neither foresee nor pro-
vide for the present condition of England, has been
equally at fault in regulating gaols and workhouses,
hich may be supposed to be completely under its
control.
In all these circumstances, and we might mul-
tiply them very much in detail if it were desirable,
we see nothing to warrant the Legislature in ex-
tending its ambition, and essaying to govern a con-
tinent on the other side of the globe. We are not
insensible to the necessity which its predeces-
sors bequeathed to it to exercise some power
over our distant colonies ; but the general fact
in its own history we have just adverted
to, as well as the circumstance that all co-
lonies differ in many essential points from the
mother country, should make it exercise that power
with the utmost moderation and forbearance.
Our Legislature, for example, consists wholly of
persons bred up amidst all the blandishments, con-
veniences, and luxuries of an old society. They
are members of a densely peopled country. Be
cause it is crowded, the colonists leave it, and seek
out new homes in the wilderness. The occupa-
tions, habits, thouehts, wishes, and even desires
and passions of may, in a densely peopled country
like England, are different from those of men in
a newly planted and almost untenanted country.
The same principle, properly understood and pro-
perly carried out, which would make the Legislature
refrain from instituting a police like that of London
for the woods of Canada, should induce it to legis-
late for that colony as little as possible, and that
little should always be based on the consideration of
what is to be the ultimate relation of the colony and
the mother country.
There is no reason why one set of people so dif-
ferently circumstanced as the inhabitants of a country
very thinly and lately peopled, and those of a
country very thickly and very early inhabited, should
submit to the same laws and regulations. We may
infer, therefore, that all colonies must, in process
of time, become politically independent of the
m ether country. Some peculiar circumstances;
li'ee slavery in the West Indian Islands, may preserve
the connection for a lengthened period, but separa-
