FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.
(From the Etoile, dated Saturday, June 9.)
VIENNA, JUNE I.—(By an extraordinary con-
veyance.)—The folloning is the letter written by
Lord Cochrane after the first combat in the PirTus:—

To the Committee of Government of Greece.

A battle, glorious to the Greek arms, has been
fought to-day. It was commenced by the Marines,
Who were landed on the several points of the coast
of this Peninsula (Munichya), and drove before
them the enemies who were posted there. The
land troops, not willing to be surpassed in courage
by the marines, also rushed on the enemy.
While the Hydriots and Spezziots were making
themselves masters of the enemy's position in the
Peninsula, the troops advanced on the other side of
the Piraeus, whence, at this unexpected attack of the
heroic courage of the Greeks', the Turks fled like a
flock thrown into confusion.

From this day begins a new era in the military
system of modern Greece. If every one behaves
to-morrow as all without exception have behaved
to-day, the siege of the Acropolis will be raised, and
the liberty of Greece ensured.
My wishes and my desires are that the Greeks
may obtain liberty for a period longer than that in
which they have endured slavery, and that their glory
may equal that of their ancestors.

cess of their applications, and having even plainly
declared that they could do very well without Papal
bulls and briefs, his Holiness perceived that farther
procrastination would be dangerous, and proposed to
our Government, that his bulls and briefs should go
to America without the King's exequatur, which,
besides causing delay here, would be attended with
the more serious inconvenience of causing the re-
jection of the bulls and briefs by the States to which
they might be addressed.

FAEHCH FUNDS, JUNE 9.—Rentes, Five per Cents.
101 f. 15c. 20c. Three pet Cents. 69f. 45c. ; Bank Actions,
2045 f.

FOREIGN Foxes.--Renter Nap. Cert. F.ll. 75f. 55c.
Franc. 78f. sc. 10c.; Royal Spanish Loan, 57i ; Inter-
minable Span. Annuities, 43i ; Haytian Loan 672 f. 50c.
6'7of.

PRICES OF IRISH
Bank Stock 243%
Consols, 3 percent.. 52%%
Gov. Stock, 3% per cent. S 8
Ditto, New SS%
4 per Cent. 96306 ,Sl4
Gov. Deb. 3% per cent. 9O
Royal Canal Stock
Grand Canal Stock.
City Deb. 4 per cent
Ballast Citice Deb. 4p. ct -

FOREIGN EXCHANGES ON LONDON.
HAMBURGH, JUNE . 9.—Two months, 36. 6,
CHR/STIANIA, MAY 30.—Three months, 6. 30.
STOCKHOLM, JUNE 1-90 Days, 13 rix dollars.
BERLIN, JUNE s.—Three months, 6. 26.
VIENNA, MAY 26.—Three Months, 10.

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
Morning ... 5 minutes after 4. I Evening ...25 minutes after 4.
