than to secure the liberty of the subject. I want no
ascendancy over any man—l ask for equality for my
Catholic fellow-countrymen—but I would not accept
of ascendancy for them, swearing so help me Heaven!
lam not given to the habit of swearing—l know the
awful nature of the time in which I speak—l know that
in a few hours I shall be celebrating the nativity of that
Saviour, who took upon him human nature, and whon
suffered to atone for my sins and the sins of manv:l..d ;
and as I stand in the sacred presence of my Saviour,
and as I look to him for mercy, I look not for ascend-
dency for any, and I would no more suffer it for a Ca-
tholic than I would endure it for a Protestant.—( Loud
cries of Hear, hear, and great cheers.) I want that there
should be no penalty upon religion—that opinion should
be free—that conscience should be unshackled. I
would relieve the Catholic and Protestant, I would
do right towards the Catholic. I would not do the
Protestant any wrong.—( Hear, and cheers.) We want
our rights ; those we must have ; we want no more—
( Loud cheers)—and with your assistance I am sure
that we shall obtain not only the liberty which we seek
for ourselves, but that we shall also secure the liberties
of the people of England,—(Hear.) Remember that
the Chartists are opposed to us. Remember that the
Tories would establish an oligarchy over the people of
England—, that, consequently, we must rely upon our
onai exertions to obtain our rights.---(Hear.) I said
this before, and I repeat it again, that if the Tory party
got into power to morrow, the life of the Queen would
not be safe.—(Loud cries of Hear, hear, and cheers.)
I have been told to retract this assertion—l repeat it—
I say again the life of the Queen would not be safe—
if the Tories were to come into power to-morrow, the
Queen would not live three months, and we should then
have her uncle, Ernest of Hanover, crowned King, as
her legitimate successor.—c Deep groans.) Secondly,
that they are determined to trample on the pre-
rogative of the Crown—thirdly, to trample on the
rights and privileges of the people of Ireland—
and fourthly, to establish, if they could, a reign
of terror, by which they would be enabled to
plunge ourselves, our children, and our children's
children, into all the horrors of slavery.—(Hear, and
cheers.) I have told you my plan—l have told you what
my intentions are, and I shall have them immediately
proclaimed by means of simultaneous meetings, at which
a declaration of our principles will be put forward.—
( Loud cheers.) I hope that all of the Catholic deno-
mination will come forward, that we will be joined by
many Liberal Protestants, many of whom I see around
me on this platform, and that all will be anxious to
rescue this country from the horrors of Tory misrule
and Tory domination.—(Hear, hear.) We will address
the Queen, telling her that our lives and our fortunes
are at her service—that we do not offer them in any
vain or idle boast, or one from which we should shrink
in performing, but assuring her that her throne would
be floated into security, if necessary, upon the heart's
blood of the Irish people.—(Long continued cheering.)
I now mean, my friends, to take the chair, with your
permission, and having two or three resolutions to pro-
pose for your adoption, they will be submitted to you by
Gentlemen who will follow me. The Hon. and Learned
Gentleman then concluded, and was immediately moved
into the Chair.
The following resolutions were then agreed to.
" Resolved—That the avowed lust o power of the
British Tories, having no other means to gratify their
unworthy ambition but by fomenting the worst passions
amongst the people—that faction has now publicly
avowed its bigoted hatred of the religion and people of
Ireland, and seeks for the sordid emoluments of office,
by endeavouring to extinguish the political liberties of
the Catholic people of Ireland."
" Resolved—That the Catholic. people of Ireland,
having recovered the rights of which they were unjustly
spoliated, they feel that they are too numerous, too in-
telligent, and too brave, to permit any faction or party
once again to deprive them, either by law or in practice,
of the full enjoyment of civil and constitutional rights."
" Resolved—That we earnestly recommend the im-
mediate formation of a Committee, to give a simultane-
ous and universal expression to the tranquil, but fervent
determination of the Irish people, at whatever risk of
life or property, to preserve by all Constitutional and
legal means their civil and religious liherties."
Mr. O'CONNELL then announced, that before Satur-
day next, he would have all the necessary arrangements
made, and a draft of the declaration, stating the deter-
mination of the Catholic people of Ireland not to submit
to injury or insult.
Mr. WeLsH—l hope the Protestants will be allowed
to join in the Catholic declaration.
Mr. O'CONNELL—To be sure they will, and with
pleasure.
Dr. HALKAN was then called to the Chair ; after
which the thanks of the meeting were given to Mr.
O'Connell, and the meeting separated.

OPINIONS OF THE FRENCH PRESS RE-
SPECTING THE KING'S SPEECH.

The Debats expresses its satisfaction that no announce-
ment is made of an intention to convert the Five per
Cents., and deprive the small fundholders of a fifth of
their revenue. The Debats adds, "In what refers to
foreign policy, we adopt the hopes of Ministers. Like
them, we are convinced that France and England have
the same interest i❑ remaining closely united, and that
a good understanding between them can alone bring
about a satisfactory solution of the question of the
East. We agree with Ministers in the expres-
sio❑ of their satisfaction at the pacification of the
Basque provinces, although, perhaps, they take rather
more credit for it than they deserve ; and, like Ministers,
we think that there should be no hesitation to make
any sacrifice to avenge the national dignity in Africa,
destroy the power of Abd-el-Kader, and free our terri-
tory for ever of a neighbour, who, by keeping our co-
lony i❑ a constant state of alarm, deprives us of the
fruit of our conquest."
The Constitutionnel, which writes under the imme-
diate impulse of M. Thiers, says, " The passage in
the King's speech respecting the Duke of Orleans and
his brothers was the only one which produced unani-
mous applause."
The Courrier Francais represents the constitutional
and talented opposition of Odillon Barrot and his
party. It observes, " that the alliance with England is
timidly alluded to, and the good understanding with
other powers feebly expressed, and that the paragraph
respecting Spain is evidently calculated to give en-
couragement to the rash policy of the Spanish Ministry ;
whereas everything that would look like encouragement
either side, should be avoided whilst the elections are
pending, so that the free will of the nation might be ex-
pressed. It says the speech is excessively reserved as to
all the foreign, political, and commercial relations of
France."

The Commerce says, " The Speech resembles in
sadness the evident depression of the King when he
read it. We find from it that the past has not been
without bitterness, that the present is not without
anxiety, and that as to any happy results hereafter, we
must look to hope and futurity to do all for us."
The Temps says," It is a speech of reserve, in which
the skill of composition was found necessary, not to
soften asperity, bat to hide omissions ; not to throw at
veil over boldness, but to colour concealment. The
Chamber has not found in it an expose of force and a
manifestation of power ; will the Government on its
side find confidence and adhesion in the Chamber ?"

The National says, " That it seems to be an under-
stood thing that under a Constitutional Monarchy the
three Great Powers of the State are only to meet to
hear a speech as insignificant as possible, and that if it
were not for the periodical return of plots, the putting
of the garrison upon the war footing, the presence of
the diplomatic lions, and the admission of the fair sex,
the Royal Sitting would be a most insipid solemnity."
The Capitole thus expresses itself as to England :
" England will doubtless comprehend all the meaning of
the paragraph about Africa ; but our ally cannot reply
as she would to this declaration of the Government ! A
second war with France would infallibly bring about a
bankruptcy in England. The oligarchy of England is
too prudent to hasten such an event."

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

TATTERSALL'S.--.YESTERDAY.

The attendance yesterday was thin and the bet' ing too insig-
nificant to call for more than a statement of the bets laid and
offered.

THE DERBY.
16 to 1 agst Lord Orford's Angelica colt—taken
20 to 1 agst Lord G. Bentinek's lot—taken
23 to 1 agst Mr. Wreford's Wardan—taken
30 to 1 agit Lord Jersey's Glenorchy—taken
33 to 1 agst Duke of Grafton's Ottoman
40 to 1 agst Lord G. Bentinck's Grey Milton—taken
600 to 500 on May Boy agst Bro. to Melbourne—taken
300 to 100 agst the following five :—.Bro. to Euclid, Ange-
lica colt, Bokhara, Lancelot, and Muley Ishmael—taken
- • --

THE OAKS.
7 to 1 offered •n the field
S to 1 agit Lalla Rookh—taken

IMPORTATION OF FLOUR PROHIBITED.—The
Committee of the Belfast Public Bakery lately addressed
a memorial to the Lords of the Treasury, praying that
they might be permitted to import foreign flour into
Ireland, as the people of England may do into England.
At present, American flour can be purchased, in Eng.
land, for about 245. per cwt., whereas the best flour,
here, costs from 275. to 285., though the American is
about 2s. per cwt. better. Yet, we are not permitted
to import a pound of the latter article, at a time when
Irish flour is unfit to he used in our bakeries ! This is
one of the many evidences which we have, of the mon-
strous laws that interfere with our supply of food. The
following is a reply to the memorial above referred to:—
" Treasury Chambers, 19th Dec., 18:39.
"GENTLEMEN,—The Lords Commissioners of her
Majesty's Treasury have had under their consideration
your memorial, praying the removal of the prohibition
of the importation of foreign flour into Ireland ; and
their Lordships have directed me to acquaint you, that
they cannot comply with your request.
" I am, Gentlemen, your very obedient servant,
" R. GORDON.
" The Belfast Flour and Bread Company, Belfast."
Whig.

COMMERCE OF THE DANUBE.

GALATZ, NOV. 26.—One cannot but expe- I
rience a sentiment tii wonder in considering at once
the magnitude and extent of the Danube, and the
neglect with whieh the question of its actual com-
mercial opportunities has until very lately been re-
garded—a river whose broad waters flow a medium
of c6mmunication to an opposite and distinct divi-
sion of the globe, proper for all purposes of inland
commerce from the very centre of Europe, inter-
secting most fertile countries, abounding in varied
products, and receiving tributaries, generally navi-
gable, that additionally connect it with the major
portion of the Continent—that it should not have
been deemed practicable to navigate such a stream,
presenting in reality not a third of the difficulties
of many thronged rivers of American commerce,
until nearly 60 years after the employment of steam,
and then but most imperfectly.
But a new order of things must shortly of ne-
cessity take place upon the Danube. The political
position of Austria renders it imperative on that
Power to use every means, as well of developing
the many dormant resources of her empire, as of
forming a staunch and effective foreign alliance ;
and it is only in the encouragement of domestic
trade, and in the attainment of foreign commercial
relationships, as regards the Danubian provinces,
that these objects can possibly be effected. More-
over, Austria by the treaty of commerce with Bri-
tain in 1838, avowed a desire of pursuing effec-
tively such policy. That treaty, stipulated to
remain in force for ten years, secures to vessels of
either nation a perfect reciprocity of privileges, all
immunities enjoyed by the subjects of either coun-
try being equally guaranteed for an international
trade ; further, by article 2, it extends the same ad-
vantages to the lower independent provinces belting
the Danube to Galatz inclusive, showing that Aus-
tria is prepared openly to join with England in
disregard of the quasi protection of Russia over
this portion of Europe, and thus to enter upon the
compact under the most liberal and comprehensive
designs.
In order, however, to the perfect operation of
this treaty, it will be necessary that Austria shall
further modify her tariff as regards some few at
least of our English manufactures. A reciprocal
modification of tariffs between the two countries, by
which some only of the finest British silk, linen,
and cotton goods might be admitted into Austria at
from seven to twenty per cent., could not produce
the slightest detriment to what must ever remain the
opposite ordinary staple Austria manufactures, but,
on the contrary, would, by organizing her home
commerce, lead the way to the future establish-
-1 ment of a well-adjusted " Customs union" through-
out the empire.
1 The question of the nature and extent of the
difficulties in the navigation of the Danube is by
no means so intricate as is generally supposed.
There have been two able surveys lately completed
at different seasons of the year, one very perfect,
by the Austrian Government, the other by the
Danube Steam Company, both of which are open
to inquirers. The river is not generally navigable
higher than Gonyo (70 miles above Pest) to ves-
sels of more draught than from 2 to 2} feet. The
next difficulty is at a cluster of banks near Pace,
and afterwards acute windings in the course of the i
stream at Tolna. There may he estimated about
30 miles of difficult navigation in the whole course
of the stream from Pest to Drenkova. It is the
obstructions existing in the bed of the river between
the latter place and Skela-Gladova, a distance of
about 50 miles, that are the only real harriers to
its thorough navigation ; they are occasioned by
a series of rock ledges of micaceous slate,
alternated on the banks with sand-stone and
older formations. The Roman division of the river
at this point into two separate streams must ever,
in effect, I fear, remain. Modern art has lately
done all that political circumstances will admit of
to facilitate the communication, by the construction
along the bank of an admirable road ; so that the
easiest communication by land is offered. All
other difficulties that exist upon the Danube, from
irregularities in its banks, or intricacies in the
course of its deep ehannel, are only experienced by
boats that ascend the stream towed from shore.
These boats cannot get out far enough from the bank
or be made to perform any active evolution. The
latter remark applies to all the rivers that fall into
this division of the ,Danube. the Saave additionally,
on account of the thick low wood that prevails up
that river and the Theiss, in consequence of its
swampy banks, as far as Segodin.
The commercial opportunities of the Danube may
be divided into two separate branches, the one
above, the other below, the " Iron Gates;" this
division is additionally increased by the opposite
commercial productions of the country on each
side, and by the fact of their political separation.
Upon the upper portion of the Danube there is
a feature important to be remarked—the really few
difficulties that exist for the navigation of the
stream from Pest downwards to the junction of
the Theiss and of the Saave. The Theiss tra-
verses the greatest northern portion of Hungary,
receiving in its course the Marosh and numerous
other extensive and navigable tributaries. In 1834
one of the Steam Company's boats, of 318 tons
burden, ascended the Theiss to Segodin without dif-
ficulty. The Saave, on the southern side of the Da-
nube, communicates by its navigable tributaries to
within about 70 miles of the Adriatic. An expe-
rimental voyage was also made upon that river in
1837, undertaken in September, a season when the
waters are necessarily very low ; the steam-boat (of
40-horse-power) reached Topola in four days.

The boats of the Danube Steam Company
continued this year their voyages between
Pest and Drenkova during eight months, from
Skela-Gladova to Galatz for the same period.
On the former station there are three boats, on
the latter four. The dimensions, builder's mea-
surement, of the largest boat plying (the Eros).
between Pest and Drenkova is as follows :—Length
of deck, 167 feet ; breadth, 25 feet ; length be-
tween perpendiculars, 173 feet ; tonnage 525 (or-
dinary draught about five feet.) This boat is
almost exclusively employed in towing barges with
pigs from Servia ; it imported about 35,000 this
year, charge 6s. 3d. a head, principally for the Aus-
trian markets. As much as 1301. has been offered
for this boat to tow up other products and refused, on
account of the superior profit with live stock. I
mention this to show the necessity that exists for
expensive and light iron boats upon the Danube,
and also the drawback there is to the commerce of
this river in the exclusive charter that its steam
company possesses. The approximative quantity
of wool and cotton that they imported last year
from the lower provinces was about 30,000 cent-
ners ; of hides about 7,000 centners ; products
from Turkey about 2,000 centners. Their export
is as yet very inconsiderable. The last year's pro-
fits were about 50,0001.

Pest, the capital of Hungary, is every way
adapted to become a grand centre for the commerce
of the Upper Danube. The city in its construc-
tion is peculiarly fitted for mercantile purposes. It
offers also immediate communication with Austria,
Moravia, and Transylvania ; by the Danube, being
situated at the commencement of the deep stream,
with the lower provinces and with the East ; by
the rivers Drave, Theiss, and Saave, with the whole
of Hungary, with Croatia, and with the ports of
the Adriatic. It possesses, as well, every facility
for land communication, if organized, placed as it
is upon the widest level in Europe, and where im-
mense numbers of hardy breeds of draught cattle
are produced.
Wool is the first staple product of Hungary de-
serving of our attention. The gross annual amount
is estimated at 400,000 centners, of which, how-
ever, not more than a third is brought into the
market of Pest. The rest is monopolized by con-
tractors at Vienna.

Banat wheat is the next production of Hungary
that offers opportunity for commerce with England.
The Banat vast alluvial plain, situate at the extre-
mity of the grand valley of Hungary, is bounded on
the south by the Danube (near the angle it forms
atits confluence with the Saave), on the north
by the Marosh, and on the west by Theiss ; wheat,
from the nature of the soil, is almost its sole pro-
duction. I was there during the harvest ; in no
country have I seen for more than a hundred miles
such profusion and luxuriance of crops. This
wheat is smaller in grain than the best quality of
English ; it is soft, and not very close. The last
year's export I heard estimated, on good authority,
At 600,000 Presburger metzen. From this im-
mense granary, this Hungarian Sicily, an extensive
trade is already carried on with Croatia by means
of the Saave. The opportunity for transport of this
