HER MAJESTY.

The readers of The Sun, and the public at large,
will be pleased to learn that her Most Gracious
MAJESTY was this day delivered of a
PRINCESS.

The accouchment took place at ten minutes to
two o'clock. Her MAJESTY and the Royal
Infant arc going on extremely well.

The Park and Tower guns announced the joyfu
news to the metropolis.

Dr. STANLEY, the Bishop of Norwich, is un-
doubtedly one of the most popular men ;on
the Bench. He stood up for education in Ire-
land, when scarcely any other clergyman took
that side. He has openly, in Parliament and
out of Parliament, opposed the opinions of his
brethren, in favour of reforming the Liturgy,
and not enforcing subscription to the Articles.
" No Prelate," said the venerable Archdeacon BA-
THURST, at a meeting held at Norwich on Wed-
nesday, to form an Anti-Slavery Society, " opened
his purse-strings more liberally, or more readily."
In spite, however, of all these claims to public
consideration, and in spite of the presence of a
numerous body of noblemen, gentlemen, and ladies
at the meeting in question, the Chartists assembled
with their wives and families, and their inter-
ruptions were so great, that the Right Rev. Pre-
late could scarcely obtain a hearing, and could
scarcely carry a resolution to recommend exertions
for the abolition of slavery. The very fact, that
', men in fustian jackets stood up in the County-
Court and bearded the Bishop, and bearded the
gentry, and moved counter resolutions, which were
only not carried, is exceedingly instructive. It
shows a new spirit of independence in the people,
which may possibly be coerced again into silent
submission, but which it is more probable will ga-
ther strength every day, till it brighten the eye and
nerve the heart and the artn of all the fustian
jackets in the wide empire.
We must make our rsaders acquainted with some
of the circumstances of this meeting. It was called
by a requisition to the High Sheriff, and was at.
tcnded by many ladies, noblemen, and gentlemen.
As soon as it was announced, a weaver of the name
of Dover, called upon the Chartists to attend with
their wives and families; they did attea, and in-
terrupted even the Bishop, who was the first speaker.
They cried out, " Why don't you look to the New
Poor-law ?" " Where is the slavery of your ( work-
house ?" " Hisses and groans." " Look at home
before you 000 abroad." " Groans." After the
1 Bishop resumed his seat, some confusion took place,
which lasted for a considerable time. The seconder
of the resolution, moved by the Bishop, could
not he heard, and when he sat down, Mr.
Dover spoke. lie professed himself opposed to.
slavery, and he threw doubts on the sincerity of
the Bishops, "who were avaricious of filthy lucre."
He referred to the great increase of the clergy, the
great annual sealth of the country, and the small
share of it which falls to the industrious classes. He
said the bugaboo which had terrified them would
soon be done away with, and thereupon the Chartist
party gave great cheers. After delivering a speech,
which the clergy must regard as highly inflamma
tory, he concluded by moving a resolution denoun-
cing slavery at home, and pledging the meeting to
use all their exertions to abolish slavery everywhere.
For the resolution there was nearly as many hands
held up as for the Bishop's, but the latter was de-
clared to be carried.

We put it to the calm good sense of our states-
men, if a body of clergy who can command so little
respect from the men whom they are expected to teach
and to influence, can with any propriety be relied on
to control, curb, or instruct the multitude. Teachers
must be loved and respected. There may be some
Predilection for the clergy in the lawmakers, some
Close pecuniary connection between the priesthood
and the aristocracy, which may make the latter
desire to uphold the forme: ; they may have a rational
to I
desire
p
their families; but let them say so, and give up
the idle
nonsense of employing a body of priests,
who are now despised
ponrpose of Inculcating obedi-
uand contemned. by the fus-
tian jackets, for the
aees, s read' g
dience and morality
the People. 'When the
int—heathen na-
tions priesthood, in the early
tchoonferred
civilized Rome over the bZbarouP out from
of Europe, were eagerly listenedsand they car-
.messengersnof
ried with therm arts and. knowledge, ando'
the benefits of partial civilization on those
viltiizreation and Chris-
verted. Christianity and improvement aventylclaonci
ipriestsio,si
twhecrei
binothha.ndit aisn
jdustthseo
tianity, which are carried by missionaries from Eu-
