NAVAL. INTELLIGENCE.

PORTSMOUTH, SEPT. 11.--His Majesty's ship
Galatea, 42, Captain Napier, C. 8., arrived yes.
terday, in fourteen days. from Lisbon, to which
place she had been despatched with instructions for
the British Consul to, demand the restoration of four
English Fhips, improperly seized off Terceira, by the
Portuguese $10;1(114/11. The schooner Sr. Helena
was the first given up. She left' the Tagus for
England three days before the Galatea. The vessels
Velocity, Margaret, anti another, were then restored,
and supplied with anchors, cables, and stores from
the Lisbon arsenal. The crew of the Galatea rig-
ged and prepared them for sea. Some excuse was
however made with respect to delivering up their
papers; but it was nor of such a nature as to im-
press the Consul with the perstutsiou he could not,
unassisted by the presence of the Galatea, overcome
it. He consequently sent the Galatea home.
The cargoes of the vessels, we learn, were un-
touched. The Captain commanding the squadron
which detained them, has not only been dismissed
from his ship and the service, but rendered incapable
of .ierving again. There are still two corvettes
cruising off Terceira. When the Grimes left the
Tagus, two frigates, the Diana and Pearl, and two
sloops of war, were there, ready for sea. Three
line-of-battle ships are lying in a state of ordinary,
but in the Most Miserable condition. By a letter',
from Lisbon, we learn, that had our Consul showna little
morebate been firersesstionred withouthisdemaridas,n_ tahpespelicsao
would htlpts,
from this country, We are told also that Portugal
is in a wrefebed state—trade is at a stand, and the
greatest distress consequently prevalent. The Priests
people are in favour'
the police, and the lower class of
odfieriskyatrteAalvigetirseel,
tboultatutthhiegirrt orders and the so'.
sendsta n pay.
yast
01%41 t
teyl
ot. they say,
)osean.a.yeety., peotar
ty.sbtscoiciFa utrosheneet,cl.l9beuyunt othrbye"
.0h ant
tnielearnetciceiippattoesf
—he4faeertewltircigh, induces
driven from `it. On
,Tatnedviolution, all the guards
Ittirjled polices etrheedoVurbeineadr,l sevoyul persons were

arrested; no :less then twelve were sent to prison
the night before the Galatea came away, on NUS'.
picion of harbouring revolutionary ideas. Ilis Ma-
jesty's ship Briton was expected,at Lisbon.
The Pallas, 42, Captain Pim.hitt/nee, arrived OH
Thursday last, from Halifax, to which place she
proceeded from this port, to ennvey to England
Lieut,-Cotouel and Mrs. Fox, the son.•in•law and
daughter of his Majesty. The Pallas was 36 days
on her outward voyage, and 17 on her homew.ird.
She, left at Halifax, the Winchester, 52, Capta;n
C. J. Austen, with the flag of Vice,Adiniral °l-
oop ; and the Rose, 18. The linter arrived at
Halifax on the 231 of Attpust, from the St. L -
reitee, in consequence -of the death of her 'Com,
mender, Capt. J. G. Dewar, whose hotly she hail
on board. The circumstancea coaneeted With this
melancholy occurrence are as -
Capt. Dewar went on shore with his First Lito-
tenant, Mr. Wakefield, a little after one t.'cloek, nn
the Isth of August, to take a walk on the uninha-
bited island of St. Charles, one of the Esquimaux,
near Mogan, on the Labrador coast. They had
walked several miles, and rtturning to their boa-,
when shout four o'clock, a number of wild ducks
nppearingl6 the creek they were then passing, they
tried to send a Newfoundland dog belonging to the
Captain in after them;- but us the dog.did not see
the *km, Captain D. waded in to induce them to
follow, r questing Mr. W. to go lower down and
prevent their escape in . that direction. In a little
time the First Lieutenant saw that the water was
much deeper titan they had anticipated, nod called
to Captain a to take care of his watch, which
he apparently attended to. Soon after this the
First Lieutenant saw him swimming, and directly
made for a ford, at some distance below, to wee!
him on the other side. Almost immediately
afterwards he heard the Captain call out some-
thing which be could not distinctly understand,
and he hastened across the ford. The 'ground
here was so rugged, that it was impossible for
Mr. W. to keep his eye upon the Captain all the
time in crossing, and although only half a minute
had passed, when he again 1°04,1 for him, be had
disappeared. No doubt from cramp—as the wind
was northerly, and the thermometer 53 deg. at Ham
He then hurried immediately to the pint of the
creek nearest which he had last seen the Captain
swimming, but perceiving no signs of him, lie ran
for the gig's crew, who were about half a mile dis-
tant, and returning with them, with boat-hooks and
a rope, ineffectually' endeavoured by these mewls to
recover the body. The. creepers were afterwards
obtained front the Rose, but not until after (1;13-
break had the officers and men the mournful conso-
lation of finding it, which they did in about nine
fret, water. It appeared that the deceased. had
waded about a hundred yards, and swam nearly
twenty, and that he was three-fourths of the distance
across. The Rose immediately proceeded to Halifax.
Admiral Count Heiden, with two Russian line-
of-battle ships, has this week passed up Channel,
un his way to St. Petersburgh. The Russian naval
force now left in the Mediterranean, under Admiral
Ricord, consists of two sail of the line, two large
frigates, and four sloops of war, which will remain
till the Greek question ,is nearer a final settlement.
llis Majesty's ship Curlew, 10, Commander
Trotter, which sailed from Plymouth on the Bth
ult. for the Cape of ()pod Hope, touched at Ma-
deira on the 10th—all well.

The Wolf, 18, Commander liamley, arrived at
Plymouth on Saturday, from this port, to be paid
advanced wages, prior to' her departure for tin. East
Indies.

The Coltimbine, 18, Commander Gabriel, sailed
on Tuesday for Halifax. . .
• The Dryad, 42, Commodore J. Hayes, C.B.was
paid in whence yesterday, and will proceed to the
coast of Africa on Tuesday morning. She dropped
down to St. Helens to-day.
The Onyx, 10, Lieut. Dawson, has been' unauc-
ceasful in her endeavours to find what we have bo:
fore stated was represented to have been seen and
named tkinh's Rock. The Supposed danger, it is
evident; has no existence. The Onyx will return
to Spithead in about a fortnight.
At Bpithead—Pallaa, Galatea. In the harbour,
—Bt. Vincent, Royal George, Wellesley, Ganges,
Rainbow, "Etna.

The Wellesley, 74, will be paid off on Tuesdsy,
and recommissioned,

Passed by on Monday, the Sir Francis Burdett,
Reid, from Rio, bound to Antwerp; arrived the
Tuscan, Stayers,. for the South Seas; the Rumbler,
Knight, for Cape of Good Hope; the Daedalus,
Bennie, for Buy of Fundy, and tiailed the next day;
and Donor, Dawkins, for Leghorn, and sailed on
Wednesday. Sailed on Tuesday, the Fergusson,
Young, for Madeira and Madras. Sailed on Thurs-
day, the Canning, Law, for St. Petersburgh.—
Posed by the Sceptre, Mitchenson, and Paul Pry,
Kettle, from St. Petersburgh, for Waterford.
Passed by, on Saturday, the. Claudine, Heathorn,
from Markus, sailed the 15th April, and Sr. Helena
19th July ; the Atalunte, 'late, in 68 days from
Sierra Leone; the William and Alfred, Drystlall, in
57 days from Antigua, for London ; the his, Thorn,
in 37 days from Tobago, for London; and the At-
tention, Harslop, from Malaga, for Hamburg.—
Put back, the Anacreon, Smith, for Sierra Leone.
The following Midshipmen passed their examination
at the Royal' Naval College, for Lieutenants, last
week :—Messrs. It. Aldrick, R. M. Robertson,
T. C. Ross, J. B. Kinsmor' A. Kennedy, T.R. IL
Pearse, F.. H. Thompson, J. G. Moore, and the
Hon, 8..0 Carey.
The intention which his Majesty entertained of
honouring this port with a ink, en the arrival of
the Pallas, we are sorry to say,' has been relin
gnished. His Majesty does not, we believe, now
contemplate visiting Portsmouth at any earlyperiod.
We give publicity to the following circular with
much pleasure, though we would rather have pro-
molgeted a plan by which the extinction of slavery
in our West Jodie Islands could be effected with jus-
tice to our planters, and without the chance of
bloodshed :

" TO THE MINDS 0? TUE ANTI-SLAVIMY CAUSE

THROUGHOUT TUX UNITID KINGDOM.
,g The meeting of Parliament is fixed for the 26th di),
of October neir..lt is hoped, and most earnestly, that
those who intend to unite in imploring the early and inter
extinction of colonial s!avery, will transmit their petitions
to both Houses of P.*rlianient by that day, or as soon
after an possible._No needless delay should be allowed to
prevent the fulfilment of this sacred duty.—By order of
the Committee. "THOS. PRINGLE, See.
“18, Alderman b ry, Sept. 3."—Humps. Telegraph
DEVONPORT, SEPT. 11.--By a letter received
here from :an ()nicer on board the Melville we
learn that all was well on board that ship, off Malta,i
on the 26th of July last. It appears that site had
lately been at Syracuse, and that while there some
of the gentlemen of the ship paid a visit by land to
Catania, a fine city at the foot of Mount Etna,
which they ascended, and were highly grat;fied by
the sublime and beautiful scenery visible from its
summit. The Melville was expected to sail in a
few days for Corfu, in company with the Admiral,
and the Revenge, it was believed, would follaw the
Wellesley to England very shortly.
His Majesty sloop Racehorse, 18, is ordered to
be commissioned at this port.
Mr. John Walters, of Plymton, is appointed Purser
to the Wellesley, 74, re-commissioned at Portsmouth.
The Dreadnought; 104, recently removed from
Milford to be an hospital for destitute seamen in the
River Thames, will, in addition, have masts and
yards for the purpose of exercising boys, and train-
ing them up for the naval department.
Ills Majesty's ship Madagitscir arrived at Genoa,
from Malta, 14th August. Champion arrived
at Newfoundland, from Halifax, 4th August. The
steamer Echo arrived at flelvoit, from Sheerness,
31st August. The Blanche arrived ut Barbadoes,
from Plymouth, 18th July.
The Admiralty having ordered a yacht to be
built on the plan of Captain Hayes, at Portsmouth,
the one lately in use has been transferred as Com-
Missioners' Yacht to this dock yard,
The Inspecting Commanders of the Coast Guard
Service in Ireland and Scotland, which services coil-

tinue under the Treasury, have received official na•
lice, that all who' have served three years will be
superseded on the sth April, IEI3I, tlittl that the
servire will, asi in Eng!mid, be triennial to the suc-
ceeding inspectors after that date.
Lieutenant Sherer, late of the Nimble wheelie,
in this West Indies, is promoted to the rank' of
Comminaer.
His 11ajesty's ketch Vigilant, 12, Lieutenant 11.
Loney, arrived on Thursday last from is cruise.
'lire Cei es, Sryler to the 're litvern, 74, sailed on
Tioustray, ltt%t for the Downs.
In H:tmoaz.;—C..ledo, Li, Kent, Atindue, Wensle,
Bramh!e, Anti.l,llke tender, liertoes stearmr, and le.
thuvry naval transpott. Island---pritoteart
and
Vigilant. Sound— ‘Volf.--Devonport Telegraph,
_ .4
