`'orm Rill, it has recovered from its fright, and now the
Lords, in theinsolence or security, and backed by-a large
.kt:tforaidable majority in the House of Commons, laugh
the people to scorn, and set them at defiance. In their
selfish rashness they anticipate the moment of regaining
the power of plundering the nation, and repressing just dis-
content by military execution.

What is to be done to overcome this obstacle to the
peaceable amelioration of our institutions, What is to
be dune with the House of Lords? That is a question
which the British people must answer sooner or later, I
heartily wish that the solution of it may be peaceable and
bloodless, But, with or without violence it must be an-
swered, or the British nation must consent to have en-
graved on their frontlet a word that was never there be-
fore—.SLAVERY ; for, disguise it as you may, submission to
despotic power, and the power of the Lords is despotic—is
slavery.
It is quite true that some mitigation of the tyranny of
the Lards may be obtained by the exercise of the preroga-
tive, The Lords are not despots without rational motives ;
they desire to continue to quarter their younger sons and
connections on the public, and to share as largely as pos-
sible in the public purse. Would it not, then, be quite
simple to exercise the prerogative in a Atmightforwayd way,
by StoPPlitg ail th4se vetiourueo in the else of ev,
Lord who sets the queen's Government ao,i ••
domands at defiance ? I Betio-- toe peoples
u
A °_.l- it would not be diffi-
fong impression on the factious majo-
n the
heLortis by a decided course of this &scrip-
Ctil2l:i to
wilitst the vacancies thus created would afford
strength and support to the friends of popular rights. It
is true that the Vhig policy has hitherto been directly the
reverse, and they have suffered from it as they ought to
suffer but the Court was then adverse, and the alteration
in the times demands an alteration in political conduct.
The time is come when the Whigs should act sternly to-
wards their enemies, and firmly by their friends.
Atietirr exercise of the prerogative in the creation of
14;:ers may, if liberally and discreetly managed, help to ob-
viate coming difficulties. Policy such as this might pre-
vent, and certainly would postpone a crisis which otherwise
must inevitably and speedily arrive, but which cannot be
looked to without apprehension of the consequences.
One thing is beyond any doubt—that we aro arrived
at a period when a union between Reformers of every
class is the best, the truest, the only safe policy. Our
enemies, the Tory enemies of the reform of any pro-
fitable abuse, are combined as one man. 'What will be-
come of us if we are disunited, and jarring, and quarrelling
amongst ourselves ? The despotic Tory faction is almost
too strong for us even when we are combined ; we have only
to disunite in order to do their work, fight their battle, and
secure to them the victory.
I, therefore, in addressing the people of Ireland, whose
public virtue deserves the honour of having the full viol of
Tory ealumny and falsehood poured out upon it, and of
receiving the praise of the wise Lnd the good in every na-
tion—in addressing the people of Ireland through the
public press, I may, therefore, be permitted to extend my
humble advice to British Reformers, and to conjure them
to unanimity.
Let me impress upon their minds, if I can, the folly of
dissension. Of what value is it to abuse the Whigs, or to
revile them for not having gone far enough in the last Par-
liament ? What beneficial end can be obtained by quarrel-
ing with the past, or refusing to take all they will give us if
they can ? Shall we get more from the Tories ?—are the
Tories disposed to make any concession to Reform ?
Clearly not. Why, then, should honest and intelligent men
hesitate between those who would give us nothing addi-
tional—nav, who would, if they could, take away every
popular adVantage we have acquired—and those who have
already given us much, and are ready, if they can, to give
us something more. Believe me it is wretched policy to
refuse to assist in obtaining any instalment of the national
debt of justice, especially as every portion acquired, how-
ever small, increases the power to acquire the remainder.
I would then, respectfully, but earnestly, press upon all
Reformers to combine in support of the present Ministry,
and, to enable them, if that be possible, to extend Reform
to the utmost length they will go with us, recollecting that
tilos,. who refuse to go even the Ministerial length with us
are the very persons whom we shall assist into the power
of refusing us all, if we do not support the Queen's present
Ministers against the unquestionable enemies of all Reform._

If British Reformers 'ef all classes will thus unite—if
they would in every county, town, and city, form a re-
form club or society—if they clamoured by their public
meetings, and petitions, for further reform—if they at-
tended to the registry, and to the correction of erroneous
opinion.,, and the refutation of false statements—if, in
short, the Reformers were up and stirring against the
common enemy—the plundering, peculating, bigotted Tory
faction—if, animated by the spirit, not of paltry discon-
tent or querimonious resentment against the Whigs, but
of genuine and high-minded love of Constitutional free-
dom—the Reformers of all classes would unite in energy,
exertion, and combined strength—the proposed advantages
of the Reform Bill would be realized—the necessary ame-
liorations in our institutions would be secured, and the
traffickers in corruption, bribery, and bigotry, be banished
for ever from power and authority.
When I call upon Reformers to support the present
Ministry, let me ask them is it nothing- to keep the Qacen
out of the hands of our ancient enemies, the Tories ? Is it
nothing to keep her mind perfectly free from the poisonous
influence of Tory opinions and Tory principles ? Have not
all the people of these realms a deep interest in allowing
her judgment to be matured in the society of those who
recognize popular rights, desire just reforms, and deem
sovereign power only a trust for the good of the people ?
I return to the people of Ireland. With them I shall
have no difficulty in succeeding. They will at once recog-
', nice the first duty to our country to be, to give all possible
support to the Queen's Ministers.
Our second—to demand all our rights, and to accept any

instalment we can procure.
Our third—to assist the Reformers of every other part
of the empire to extend the bounds of civil and religious
liberty all over the world.
Irishmen! beloved countrym.sn, with wholl or for whom

have laboured for near forty ye rs—for whose welfare my

heart is as warm, and my spirits as indefatigable and as un-
daunted as when, with the blood of boyhood boiling in my
veins, I commenced my enthusiastic, and not unsuccessful
career. Irishmen ! beloved, esteemed countrymen—you
who have the germ of every virtue implanted by nature's
God—blessed be his holy name—in your hearts and
dispositions—you who have so much contributed to
obtain political advantages for Scotland and Eng-
land—you who have been usefully numbered in every
battle, but as yet basely deprived of the benefits of
your own victories—frisk:nen ! attend. Remember I
ant a Repealer—remember I tell you it is my be-
lief that justice will never be done to you until you have
once again a Parliament in College Green and every fact
that arises proves more and morn strongly the utter hope-
lessness of relief from the British Parliament. The strength
of the Tory faction in England is biotted hatred of Ire-
land and the 'fish. The stock in trait! of Toryism in Eng-

r:►d is the pride of domination over Ireland.' The result
of the recent elections in the English counties, and the
garbage of the Press on which the English Tories so
fondly gloat—all, all prove that with the good will of Eng-
land justice w;11 never be attained for Ireland.
Irishmen ! Attend—With these convictions deeply im-
pressed on my mind, I am dou,ly persuaded of the pru-
dence, the policy. and wisdom of making our_ present ex-

hcri'nent. The Queen has declared for tis. Lct us with
unhesitating confidence rely on the Queen—nor give the
blighteA reason to cause her to alter her benevolent inten-

tiont. If it be possible to render the repeal of the Union
unnecessary, the Queen will render it so. If she fails,
or eauselessly deserts us, what hope can there be but in
the Repeal ?

. -
The Queen's Ministers are our decided friends. They
are struggling to render the repeal unnecessary. They
have unequivocally admitted that hitherto we have borne
an equal share of the burthens—alas ! more than a just
share—of the burthens of the Union, without participating
in the benefits of political equality. The Queen's Ministers
are determined, if they can, to do justice to Ireland. Let
us, then, work out our great experiment honestly—by ho-
nestly and cordially supporting that Ministry who are thus
endeavouring to persuade by acts, and not by words, that
the repeal is needless.
Whatever be the result, my brave, long-suffering, ever
faithful, and patriotic countrymen, let us at least demonstrate
the. sincerity with which we have offered to abide by a single
Legislature if it will do us justice ; and let us leave no doubt
of the true-hearted good-wilt with which we co-operate with
all those who desire that invaluable result of • our common
struggle.
One word more and I conclude. lam again the object
—the chosen object of variegated and petulant calumny
from what ought to be an unexpected quarter. Shall 1
condescend to reply ? Yes, I will in one, and only in
nue, sentence—MY LIFE IS MY lIEPLY.
I am, beloved fellow-countrymen,
And you know I am,
Your ever-faithful and devoted servant,
DANIEL O'CONNELL.

DINNER TO ROBERT STEUART,

ESQ., M.P., AT !-lAt7PII.

On Wednesday last the friends and supporters of that
gentleman entertained him to a public dinner at the Black
Bull Inn there. Mr. Haldane occupied the chair, 2,11
whose right sat Robert Steuart, Esq„ the Rev. Mr.
Robson, and pAvid 4pc,w, Lsq., Melrose. On the left of
the F4llll-1 wad tlfe lion. John Elliot, M.P.. Robert
Tingle,Esci., of Clifton, and Sir
4essEst Scott and Wcticittll
Th.m3s I;:inder,
o.lllp{evst Tittt,
i,..991P1111Y qflot;ote4 to iletweeo tit) 4nd Tha heaio. -
'ter Majesty's Nl:mister@ llgga
