ZL/f)e 4)11/1-%.

LONDON :
TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1840.

GREAT CORN-LAW MEETING AT

MANCHESTER!

We direct the public attention to our Report of
the excellent speeches delivered at the great Corn-
law Festival at Manchester. Thank GOD the men
there do speak out, and they will carry joy and
hope to the heart of every Corn•law repealer, and
terror into the hearts of the iniquitous Corn-law
supporters.

Halifax has followed the example of Leeds, and
at a numerous meeting, agreed to petition for the
repeal of the Starvation -Laws. Similar
.meetings
have been held at Elland and Sowerby, and the
whole of the woollen manufacturers seem painfully
alive to the distress and degradation inflicted on
to convince. the working: classes that they ought,
them by- thes..elaws. As we have it rnuch at heart
onc.and all, to take part. in this we
prat struggle,followingbeg their especial attention to the following extract
from the speech-of Mr. JAMES HARGREAVES, aS
we find it reported in the Halifax Express, an
operative mechanic, in the employ of Mr. JA MES
FARRAR, who seconded one of the resolutions
I will just mention a few circumstances which the opm‘-
tion of the Corn-laws has brought to pass; and illustrate
them in as pleasing a way as I can. The first is, a large ;
manufacturing family; they have articles of manufacture to '
dispose of ; and there is a great farmer with corn to sell. They
go with the articles to him, and they exchange ; and they go
on in this way for a time. At last the manufacturer's family
has increased, that he finds he must have more corn ; the far-
mer thinks this a grand way to get more money or more
goods ; so he tells him he must have two coats where he
only got one for the same corn. The manufacturer goes
only across a river, and he finds that he can get two stones,
where the other only gave him one. Th is he thinks Is a
rare good job, and he'll go there again ; but the next time
be goes the old farmer sees him, and he. calls his lads to-
gether, and says, we must stop this. The next time he
goes he's way-laid, and two or three fellows come up to
him and say, what have you got there? My name's Corn-
law. And- they rob the man of one of them.—( Cheers.)
This is not very pleasing ; but he's obliged to stand all that.
He goes home ; and next time he takes rather more goods,
because he expects to be robbed again.—(A laugh.) He takes
eight pieces of fustians with him to Prussia;- and the first
person he meets with there is another robber, that says,—
my name's Tariff, the son of the Corn-law of England ;
and he takes three of them.— (Cheers and laughter'.)
Well, what does he do then ? He does not stop in Prus-
sia ; he comes home ; and you know he had only five
pieces, after they had taken three ; so he gets what they
let him have; and the Corn-law comes up, and takes half
again.__( Hear.) That's the case with every fustian that
goes into Prussia; it is charged 75 per cent. duty,-751.
out of every 1001. But the resolution speaks something
of the cruelty of the law. Cruelty means suffering; or
suffering is somewhere belonging to it; and I would just
ask you is there not suffering in the manufacturing dis-
tricts? In Bolton alone there is less by 8,001;1. a week in
wages than there were seven or eight months sioce • and
there are seventeen person's in one cellar, five
3,,,r'cls by
four, with two pair of looms ; is there no misery thero
( Hear.) Is not that cruelty ? That is the effect of the Corn-law and his son Tariff.--( Cheers.) • *
I
I would just ask you if it is not a religious question, as well.
The Bible says, cursed is he that withholdeth bread from
the poor.—( Cheers.) And is it not taken from the poor,
when it is locked up in bonded warehouses ?—(Cheers.)
It is locked up in bonded warehouses, and the poor man
can't get at it, unless at the expense of his starving back ;
and there's an exciseman paid to keep it there.--( Heat%)
My object is to remove the exciseman, and we shall have
him the less to keep.—(Cheers.) I am a working man;
and I've studied the question for fifteen years, and I'm
short of thirty yet.—(Cheers.) There has been a good
bit said about wages. My friends here can make sta-
tistical speeches ; but I can tell about belly affairs.--
(Cheers.) A man told me yesterday that I was wrong
in my head about Corn-law repeal
; and I said,
thou's wrong in thy belly a long time....( Cheers and
laughter.) I was talking with a comber, and he con-
fessed that his family cost him 7s. a week more now than
four or five years ;inc-.!. I said, just listen to me, and
i'll endeavour to convince you. You acknowledge you
have 7s. a week less for clothing,. It is not your house
only, but in every one, that they eat ; where to
do_d
I never met with any that did not eat
(Laughter)—_anall
nutst hands,
h
feel it in some proportion; and if they have so much less,
according to the size of family, then there is so much
less for the clothing that is wanted; and then the master
he
and u turns
wagesthe
down.—(
worst hands
Cheers. off;)
al) if out the
ce
ebse

EVENING 1471)ITION

IWe are Corn-law rcpealers, every man Jack of ui.—,
(Cheers and laughter.) Come on, hand and heart, sow
and body; and they hare promised to kill Tariff, if we de-
stroy ours.—CCheers.)
There is a fund of good sense in such speeches ;
and Mr. HARGREAVES and Mr. MURRAY, whcse
speech at Liverpool has been everywhere so justly
eulogized, will do more to convince the nation that
1 it is neither just nor safe to exclude the mass of the
ivorking classes from the suffrage than all the
spouting and rhodomontade of professed orators
and writers who advocate their cause. To the
question of the Extension of the Suffrage there are
two parties—the enfranchised and the uneaten-
chised. Now all the violent harangues of the latter,
all their threats, and all their attempts to force the
iconcession, will only make the former adhere more
closely together, and cling the more tenaciously to
their privilege as the means of preserving themselves
from violence, just as every arbitrary act of a Tory
Government, when it was in office, united all classes
and all sects against it. On the contrary, every
such proof of moderation, good sense, and just rea-
soning as those of the two working men whose
speeches we arc referring to, dissolves the rigid union
of the enfranchised, and makes some of them willing
to share their privilege, just as the reforming
acts of the Whig Ministers, willing to make con-
cessions, hare separated and broken to pieces that
great united Reform party which was so powerful
against a Tory Government. Thus the unen-
franchised may mote surely obtain their end and aim,
by following the moderate course we have recom-
mended, and so bringing no inconsiderable number
Lof the enfranchised to support their claims as a mat-
ter of justice and prudence, than by following the vio-
lent course some of their so-called friends are urging
them into. What the unenfranchised demand as a
I right, is one thing—what the enfranchised think it
It wise and safe to concede, is another; and the right
will not only be more swiftly, but more securely
established, when the foresight of the latter coin-
cides with the claims of the former. To win over
the enfranchised to promote an Extension of the
Suffrage, the speeches of Messrs. MURRAY and
HARGREAVES will be more efficacious than any
1 other circumstances which have happened since the
I meeting of the Convention. They will convince
the. public not only that it is prudent to make such
an extension, but that it is not prudent, when such
talents and such leaders are to be found amongst
the unenfranchised, to refuse it.
Returning to the Corn-laws : let us ask the
flock masters what they think will be the result of
the woollen manufactures being partially sus-
pended ? Wool is obtained in great abundance
from Germany, from our Australasian Colonies, and
from, other places. The quantity, therefore, must
soon exceed the demand from ever so partial a ces-
sation of the manufacturing process. Down will
go the price of wool, and the sheep farmers, who
have been very prosperous since the duty on-foreign
wool imported was reduced, will as certainly be in-
jured, if not ruined, by the Corn.laws, as are the
manufacturers. In fact, they are manufacturers of
woollens, in the first stage, for the foreign market,
as the Yorkshiremen are manufacturers of them in
their more advanced stages; and they will suffer with
the spinners and weavers, and fullers, from the
want of a den-.,and for the finished article.
A Correspondent, a farmer near Sunderland,
calls on the manufacturers to support a demand
for the repeal of the Malt-tax and the Post-horse
duty, He cannot, however, require to be informed
that those taxes are laid on for the sake of procuring
a public revenue, while the tax on corn is not laid on
for any such purpose, but to put money into the
pockets of the bankrupt and plundering landlords.
The repeal of the Corn-laws is demanded as an act
of restitution to the unjustly plundered people.
We want that repeal to put down, and to stigmatize
for ever when it is put down, a great, a vile, and
even scoundrel system of legal or Legislative
theft. Between this repeal and the repeal of
any tax levied for the sake of obtaining a
public revenue there is no comparison whatever.
We must decide as to the repeal of the Malt-tax
and the Post-horse tax by considering the public
wants, and which of all the taxes presses most inju-
riously on the community. At the same time, our
Correspondent, and the agriculturists must be gener-
ally, well aware that the repeal of the Corn-law is an
indispensable preliminary to the repeal of the Malt-
tax, otherwise the latter repeal would impoverish
1 the revenue, still further to enrich the landlords,
without conferring the smallest benefit on the
people.

ruling classes have everywhere essayed to govern
too much, and that not a few of our evils arise from
their most ignorant and meddling ambition. At any
rate the question how fat one class should inter fere to
guide the others, even though they demand it, is
reckoned by all modern pelitical philosophers to be
one of the nicest questions which can be discussed,
and we think Mr. CA ILLYLE, without giving much
consideration to the premises, has jumped to a
hasty and unwarrantable conclusion in demanding
still more government.
That he hay not, at the same time, elevated him.
self much above those whom he points out as false
teachers and erroneous guides, is evident from
this consideration. He adopts their remedies to
lessen the sufferings of society. He recommends
universal education and extensive emigration. He
can imagine and find nothing better than to drill
men, according to the system of Prussia, into obe-
dience to the Government, which is--including our
wretched Church and our Corn law robbery
—to send them away from their homes.
Why, these are the very schemes that
some worldly politicians adopt and others oppose,
and which the men who are said to require to be
governed repudiate, under their present sufferings,
as an insult and an injury. The working man,
who asks to be guided, at the same time says he
must be guided to food, not books, and made
comfortable at home, not expatriated to swell still
more the wealth of the capitalist and the land-
lords. It is clear that Mr. CARL YLE
would no more be accepted as a guide of
teacher than any Member of the present
House of Commons, and perfectly clear, though he
sees with a piercing eye the sufferings, miseries,
and wants of the labouring classes, that he is as
ignorant of the means of remedying them as the
Duke of BUCKINGHAM Or Mr. BRADSHAW.

We differ, therefore, in principle from Mr.
CARLYLE ; at the same time we especially admire

the earnestness with which he insists on the
Legislature inquiring into the condition of Eng-
land. On this point we agree with him,
and differ from two of our able, and Ministerial,
Contemporaries, who assert that this general ques-
tion is not a proper one for the Legislature to take
in hand, and that it has done better by taking up
parts of this great whole, and remedying the evils of
society bit by bit. Of course legislation can only
so proceed in its enactments, but the misfortune
and the consequence of the Legislature now discus-
sing the Usury-law, anon discussing Corpora-
tion Reform, and again devoting its time to a mul-
tiplicity of police regulations, is that the technicali-

ties of the law alone engross its attention, and the
human beings for whom it is legislating areforgotten.
Our Law-makers treat the people too much like
children, who arc sure to be moulded on the parental
or legislative plan. They consider them more as signs
to be put on one or the other side of an equation,
as suits the purpose of the algebraic Legislator, than
as flesh and blood. Instead of looking, as Mr.
CARLYLE would have them, at the wants and wishes
of the people, inquiring into their opinions
'and principles, and searching out the moral causes
of their discontent, they blindly follow the old plan
of making laws to suppress or over-rule the feel-
ings of the people. • Ail legislation proceeds on the
principle of setting at naught the feelings of the
masses, and governing and controlling them in
spite of themselves. On this point the Whigs do
not much differ from the Tories.

Whether it be fro►n kindliness of disposition or a
perception of the evils of the present system, Mr.
CARLYLE would have the feelings of the people
inquired into. His object, therefore, we take it, is
not, as our Contemporaries suppose, to go into an
investigation of the material or physical evils, and
the remedies for them, but to inquire why the
classes are so separated and so hostile in Eng-
land ? why such strange and even dreadful
thoughts arise in the multitude ? and why the
very foundations of society are now rocking and
trembling ? So, we understand, his proposed
" Condition-of-England Question." It is an in-
quiry into the feelings and wants of the people-L-
-into the first: principles of society—before those
who have never inquired set about moulding and
modelling it, piecemeal, according to their fancies.'

Nothing can exceed the vindictiveness displayed
by the Legislative Bodies of the Island of Ja-
maica against such portions of the Public Press as
disapproved of the frantic attempt of a handful of
planters to set at open defiance the Parliament and
Government of Great Britain. In the St. Jago
Gazette of the 23d of November, we find an ac-
count of the committal of Mr. CL RKE, Editor of
the Jamaica Standard, to prison, by order
of the Board of Council, for a breach of
privilege ; while in the same Paper of the
30th, the committal of Dr. PALM PALMER, Editor of
the Colonial Reformer, to prison, is reported, for.
violating the privileges of the House of Assembly,
by quoting an article from the British Emancipa-
tor—an anti-slavery Journal, published in Lon-
don. That our readers may form some conception
of what the thin-skinned Legislators of Jamaica
regard as a breach of their privileges, we shall quote
the article which gave such mortal offence to the
Board of Council, as gravely read by the Clerk at
the examination of the unfortunate Editor of the
Standard. We ought to premise that the func-
tionary reflected upon is Sir JOSHUA OIVE, Chief
Justice of the Island, and that, although the Board
of Council has voted the article a breach of
privi-
lege, a Court of Law would be puzzled to find pre-
cedents for pronouncing it a libel :

So many arguments have now, and for so long a
period, been urged against the Devil's laws, and
they have been so powerfully enforced by great
public distress and ruin, that the Parliament must,
we think, take up the matter. The day after to-
morrow 'it assembles, and if it do not discuss this
question with a view to do justice to the people, if
it even delay the discussion, or treat the matter as
of little importance, or prefer some perplexing
trifles about Irish Corporations, or bolstering up
the Church, it will spread wider, and sink deeper,
the present discontent ; it will increase, by conti-
nuing its own detestable example, the great risk to
which all property is now exposed ; and it will place
in jeopardy the public peace, her MAJESTY'S
Crown, and the Constitution of the empire. Bread
or blood was the war-whoop of the political fanatics
of the French revolution ; and bread or robbery,
bread or destruction, are beginning, as we may
know by the words of Mr. BOTTOMLEY at Leeds,
and others, to be the war-whoop of the half-
starved and half-maddened population of our manu-
facturing districts. Let our Legislators read the de-
scription which Mr. HARGItEAVES gives of the
sufferings of the people, and ask themselves con
scientiously whether the working manufacturers
can or ought to submit to a tax for the benefit of
the landlords, which both robs them of bread and
shuts them out of employment ? and whether they
have any right to expect and hope that the people
will obey the Legislature which ordains suet a tax ?

What effect bis Honor's address may have had upon
his hearers, we know not ; but it is certainly a most lame
and inconclusive affair, as reported, and leaves only one
impression upon the reader, namely, that of a subject
neither happy in itself nor in its mode of treatment. Sir
Joshua's experience as a lawyer should have told him that
it is better in a matter of character to attempt no defence
at all, than to break down in one ; for the very effort sug-
gests many pointed inquiries which it might be awkward
enough for some members of the Council to explain. It
would have been better policy, we suspect, to have said
nothing at all about the matter."

When we took notice of Mr. CARLYLE'S book,
on the Ist instant, we said there were many
things on which we differed from him. For ex-
ample, though it may be true, as the continued
man-and•idol worship of the bulk of the commu-
nity seems to prove, that the real and urgent wants
of the working classes is " for a governor,"
for a true teacher," yet it does not follow
either that the present Legislators arc proper
to govern, or that their methods of guiding
and teaching are the true ones. On the contrary,
the very misery which prevails, the numerous
bungling and failing attempts the Legislature has
made to remedy it—generally we would fain hope
with a good intention, the ignorance of its source,
the continued growth of society beyond the power
of the Legislator, all seem to prove that our pre-
sent rulers—we speak of all statesmen, not of the
Whigs—are not •true teachers, and arc not ac-
quainted with the right method of guiding and
governing society. Mr. CA RLYLE, however, is
a great opponent of the laissez filirc system,
that is of leaving society to the laws of Na-
ture and of Gob ; and he is one of the most strenu-
ous advocates we have of late met with of the

Is there a phrase in the above quotation which
a British Parliament would deem an infringement
of its privileges if applied to the speech of a Mem-
ber by an English Journalist ? Most unquestion-
ably not. To propose for the consideration of
either House of Parliament such an article as a
breach of privilege, would provoke a shout of laugh-
ter even from the Episcopal Bench. The article
for which the Editor of the Colonial Reformer was
incarcerated, that gentleman stated at the bar of
the Assembly that he did not entirely read, as he
quoted it from a London Journal ; and, likewise,
that had the words voted a breach of privilege fallen
under his notice, he would assuredly not have
published them. This apology did not in the least
soften the resentment of their " Honors," the
Speaker flippantly remarking to the accused,
that if he possessed the ordinary industry and in-
telligence of an Editor, he would suffer no-
thing to appear in his Journal which he had not
previously read. Laws are of more importance to
the community than newspaper articles, even on
the all-important subject of the mighty law-ma-
kers of Jamaica ; and yet we would venture to bet
that the Hon. Mr. PANTON, Speaker of the Ja-
maica. House of Assembly, has, in the course of
his limited functions, declared Acts to be passed
which he had not previously read. The responsi-
bility of a Newspaper Editor is surely not more

(melons than that of a Legislator, and yet how
rarely do we find Members of Parliament with
sufficient virtue to blush for. having assisted in
passing laws affecting the freedom and happiness
of hundreds of thousands of their fellow-country-
men, of which they never 'ri-atl so much as the
preamble. But we are losing sight of the article
which mused the ire of the Assembly. We be-
lieve no person knowin anything of Jamaica will
deny its general correctness. Here it is
" That a thorough purification of the Local Assembly
is wanted, no man in his senses can doubt. The present
members are, as a body, just as base a specimen of unprin-
cipled and nee ly men, and represent as little of the feelings
and interests of the colony, as cal well be conceived."
Independently of a fixed allowance sY 1,500/.
a-year, the House cf Assembly has voted Mr.
Bun GE a present of 2,0001. for his late defence of
that body before Parliament. Now, without stop-

ping to inquire by what right the House of As-
sembly presumes to extract such a sum out of the
pockets of the people of Jamaica, we may be al-
lowed to suggest to that Learned Gentleman that
he could not better express his gratitude to his
Colonial friends, than by intimating to them that
their wisest policy will henceforth consist in allow-
ing the strictures of the Colonial Press to pass un-
noticed. The voice of the Press will and must he
heard in Jamaica, in spite of the vindictive efforts
cf the Oligarchical Junta, who affect a co-ordinate
authority with the Imperial Parliament of Great
Britain and Ireland.

The whole of the French Journals of Sunday
have been received. The debate in the French
Chamber of Deputies on Saturday, on the fourth
paragraph of the Address, which relates to the
Oriental question, was exceedingly animated. The
principal speakers were Marshal So ULT, M.
MAUGUIN, M. DE LAMARTINE, and M. VILLE-
MAIN, Minister of Public Instruction. M. TH I ERS
ascended the Tribune, but it being six o'clock, the
debate was adjourned till Monday. The speeches
of MM. MAUGUIN, and DE LAMARTINE,
though exceedingly clever, were too extrava-
gant seriously to affect .the stability of the
Cabinet. Both agreed that France had pursued a
retrograde policy for the last ten years, and that
while England was daily developing her power or
her genius at home and abroad, France stood alone
inert and powerless, suspecting and suspected by all
her former allies. This sombre picture, the reality
of which only existed in the diseased imaginations
of the orators, cannot be expected to have made
much.inqn-ession on the Chamber. But to heighten
the absurdity M. MAUGUIN italked of the occu-
pation of Passages by the English, and prophe-
tically announced that they never would evacuate it
ill driven therefrom by a French army. M. DE
LAMARTINE spoke far more sensibly than is his
wont upon the Oriental question. He described
the conduct of the French Government as vacillating
and perplexed—as one day pacific, the next hos-
tile ; now embracing the views of England, the
,next moment following in the wake of Russia.
The following extract from his speech embraces
the entire purport of it :
" You promise Ibrahim God knows how much , and
if you check Ibrahim at Nezib, you at least en-
courage Mehemet at Alexandria. The natural. result
has been, that you have ruined Turkey, and at the
same time set all the European powers against you.
You will tell me, you gained the end you wanted,
viz., the integrity of the Ottoman empire, cut in two.
What a monstrous absurdity ! But the fact is, it is not the
integrity of the Ottoman empire that you seek, but
its dislocation, by the establishment of an A rag
empire, a second Caliphate, under the rule of an
old adventurer, who is neither Arab, Egyptian, Mussul-
man, nor Christian. Where the Ldvantage to France
or to civilization in a ricketty Arab empire, established in
the face of the weakened Ottomans ? There was none.
k was sowing the seeds of eternal war in the East, and
not only in the East, but in Europe. Up to this time
France had calmed and removed the jealousies and
fears of the Great Powers of Europe, which were afraid
of her revolutionary ambition. But now, in 1839, by me-
nacing Russia here, England there—by showing a wish fur
conquest, an itch for interference—by indulging in iso-
lated views, France re-awakened this jealousy, and set all
the Powers to coalese once more against her; so that, if
peace and conservation were her objects, ner was o-
! licy more mistaken ; and equally great was the mistakep if
aggrandisement was the object ; for the extension of
France ought not to be looked for on African shores, but
but on the Rhine and on the Alps.

QUEEN'S tENCIFI.-(THIS DAY.)

(Sittings in Banco.)

QUO WARIIAINTO-TILE QUEEN V. WILLIAMS.

,
Sir WiwAsi FoLnarr applied to the Court for a quo
Itartanto, calling upon the defeneant to show by what,
right he exercised the functions of Mayor and Alderman
of the borough of Carnarvon. By the statute of the: 9th
Anne, cap. 2G, sec. 13, it was enacted that no person should
hold the dice of Mayor in any borough for two consecu-
tive years. Now, the defendant had last year served the,
office of Mayor, and was consequently ineligible. Another
gmund of objection to the defendant was, that he WA an
dike of profit under the Corporation.—Granted.

, ‘i•

BAIL. COURT.--(THIS DAY.)

(Before Mr. Justice PATTISON.)
THE QUEEN V. MAYOR AND BURGESSES OF PEMBROK.E:
Mr. WILLIANts applied for a mandamus commanding the
Mayor and Burgesses of Pembroke to proceed to the
election of Mayor. By the 9th of Queen Anne, cap. '2B,
sec. 8, it was enacted that no person should hold 'the
office of Mayor for two consecutive years. In ignorance
of that Act the same gentleman had been re-elected;
but afterwards resigned, and the office was consequently
vacant.. But this difficulty arose—The Municipal 'Act
provides for occasional vaca❑cies in the office of ToWn
Councillor, but not in the office of Mayor, and he now
applied, under the 26th section of the 7th William IV
and Ist Victoria, which extended the powers given to 'the
Court by the 11th Geo. I. to Corporate officers under the
Municipal Act. He then cited the case of the King v.
the Mayor of Cambridge, in 4 Burrower.
Application granted.

LLOYD'S SHITPIN G.-(THIS DAY.)

DEAL, JAN. 13.—Wind S. W., moderate. Arrived,
the Nautilus, Keen, from Demerara; William, Harris,
Terry, Bombay ; Margaretta, Barcham, Batavia. Sailed,
the outward bound.
LIVERPOOL, JAN. 13.—Wind S.—Arrived, the Coun-
tess of Durham, St. John's, New Brunswick ; Enterprise,
Vaughan, ditto ; Wilson, Campbell. Demerara, sailed,
Nov. 30. Off port, London, New Orleans ; Alexander,
Jamaica ; Charlotte, Africa ; Adolphe, Marans.
Albion, Darley, for Trinidad ; Oberlin, Kruff, New York.
CcwEs, JAN. 13. Arrived York, Morrill, New Orleans.
OFF TILE WIGHT, JAN. G.—Concordia, Witt, Surinam.
PLymouTri, JAN. 12.—Wind S.—Arrived Hero, Fayal.
FALmount, JAN. 12.—Wind S.W. to S. S. W., strong
breezes. _ _ _ _ _

KING-ROAD, JAN. 13.—Arrived the Lord John Russell,
from St. John's, New Brunswick, very leaky, and with
loss of boats and bulwarks, &c.
NEWPORT, JAN. 12.—Arrived the Emma, Burgess,
from St. Andrew's, New Brunswick.
Allt.roun, JAN. 2.—Atrived the Lion, Maine, from St.
Jigo de Cuba, leaky, and with about 100 tons of cargo
thrown over board, bound to Swansea; Alice, Barrett,
Prince Edward's Island. _

ALTERSWICK, JAS 2.-Some pieces of wreck and an
oar, marked on the blade " Alceste, 11," have come on
shore on the cost side of this island. _ _ .

Hart wicH.—The Ilingdove, Turnbull, from Sunderland
to Algiers, was totally lost last night on the Gunfleet
Sands. Crew saved.

PORT TALBOT, JAN. 13.—The Mary, Greswell, of
Plynruth, is on shore on Mayan Sands in a very dan-
gerous situation. Cargo discharging.
LIVERPOOL, JAN 13.--The Columbia, bound to Mobile,
is aground off King's Dock Pier—cargo discharging. She
is not expected to rees-ive any damage.—The Europe,
bound to this port, was on the bar of the Mississippi the
27th of November.

PORTSMOUTH, JAN, 13 —The Concord, Sweetingham,
bound to Sunderland, which was on shore near the Round
Tower, came off this morning, and proceeded without al -
parent damage.

MONEY and COMIVikIitCIAL NEWS

CITY, 7' I,V EL VA 0' CL 0 C.K._

LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, MONDAY.—The
sales of cotton this day are 3,500 bales at a decline of id.
per lb., the principal part to the consumers.
The Liverpool steamer will be laid up for the present,
by order of the Directors. Due notice of sailing will be
given. Wind S. S. W.

We have received New Brunswick papers to the .4th
December :

Yesterday, the Bth December, our harbour presented a
busy aspect, there being no less than 36 vessels, large and
small, in full view at the same time, in the vicinity of Part-
r'dge island, either going out or coming in.
The weather is of the most splendid description, more
like October than December, and very little snow has as
yet fallen in this quarter, the ground is now quite bare,
while in several parts of the United States there have been
hoavy falls of snow. We have received Halifax papers to
the 4th of December. _

Advices from Miramichi, of the 20th November, state
that the timber trade, which a few years since was carried
on with so much vigour in this quarter, and which caused
the introduction of settlers and an increase to the popula-
tion, has declined as rapidly as it rose.
AGRICULTURAL PROSPECTS IN JAMAICA.

" We are happy to confirm the statement of our several
Contemporaries, of the improvement of the agricultural
prospects of our parish, in common with their other infor-
mation from various parts of the island. The happy
change in the dispcsition of the peasantry can only be at-
tributed to the moral influence which the impartial Govern-
ment of Sir Charles Metcalf must necessarily enforce
among all classes of the community."

Wc will not here attempt to expose the absurdity
of M. DE LAMA RTINE'S theory, that the recog-
nition of the independence of Egypt necessarily in-
volves the destruction of the Ottoman empire.
The strength of a nation consists not in the bound-
less extent of its territory; nor would it be difficult
to show that had the sway of the Ottoman sceptre
been less extensive at the beginning of the
eighteenth century, Russia would not have wrested
a single province from the grasp of the SULTAN.
There is, however, too much truth in what M. DE
LAMARTINE says about the vacillating policy—a
fact which we greatly deplore, as we are satisfied
that no policy will in:the end be beneficial to France,
or to Western Europe, which estranges her from
England.

The Speech of the I),linister pf,PuJilic Jnestruc-_,
tion was intended to make of-• EGYPT'
amends. for the indecent attack made upon him by
M. BE LAMARTINE. It consisted, however, of
assertions, and developed no new fact of impor-
tance. While he was speaking, MM. TRIERS,
GUIZOT, and some other leaders of fractions of
parties in the Chamber, were congregated in a
group, and discussing some question which

the reporters did not hear, with considerable
warmth of manner. As M. TiiiEits was in pos-
session of the tribune on Monday, great impa-
tience was evinced to learn the grounds of his at-
tack upon the Government.
There is no other news of any• interest in the
Paris papers of Sunday, with the exception of the
following intelligence from French Africa :
MOSTAGANEhI, DEC. 20. —We arc constantly under
arms, and on the alert.
We learned this morning from our spies that 200 of the
600 of the tribes of the Garahas and Beni. Amer having
appeared in the plain before Oran, and having turned to-
wards Miscrghim, the Douairs and Smelas, commanded
by the old General Mustapha.ben-Ismai', fell upon them,
and forced them back on the post occupied by regular
Spahis. Colonel Yousuf, with his Spahis, pursued she
fugitives, and drove them leagues from Aliserghim. We
are also told that this regiment has lost two officers. We
dare not beliese this bad news.
These 600 horsemen, who had pushed their recon-
naissance to the gates of Oran, are some of the light troops
of Bon-Hameidi, who keeps on the other side of the P. os-
salah, in the plain of Melita, and that of Helat. This chief
is instructed to harass and fatigue the division of Oran.
But he has a very diflicult.task ; for he has a formidable
body of cavalry opposed to him. With the contingent of
the Donates and Smclas we can bring 1,400 chosen horse
into the plain. We have not sufficient infantry to ad-
vance; but when the Kalifs comes to us, he will receive a
lesson which he seems to dread, for the manceuvrcs with
great circumspection.—Le Constitutionncl.

SAM SLICK'S LETTER-BAG OF THE GREAT
WESTERN.--" We are compelled on this occasion,"
says the Athenctu»z, " to let Sam Slick have all the talk
to hunself, for his new work is so full of excellent read-
able and extractable matter, that we cannot spare room
even for a running commentary. His Letter-Rig,' in-
deed, is infinite in its variety, like the company assem-
bled on board the Great Western—itself a microcosm,
or epitome of the great globe and al which it inherits ;
the same hopes, fears, passions, and prejudices prevailing
there, as is manifestly and pleasantly apparent in the
Correspondence before us. The work opens capitally
the Dedication to Lord John Russell is full of quaint
humour, and contains matter in jest well worth serious
consideration. We then come to the letters—and rare
fun there is in them. A letter from the author con-
cludes this tory pleasant VOIUMC ; a volume which we
recommend our readers to send for at once, for it will
cheer their long winter evenings, and gladden their
fire-sides."

------
ANTIQUITIES.—A report addressed by Signor
Pierangelo, Councillor of State at 13astia, the Fr'incli
Committee of Arts and Monuments, states that
Corsica abounds in Roman remains, architectural, sculp-
tural,
possessing roads and in-
scriptions.nd numismatic,
rrhe
islandise contains many churches
a kde also
of the earliest Christian ages, though no castles.—
A/hence/rm.

Tli !,* SUN. LON DON, TUESDAY„' JA.I.4IIARY 14, le4o.

1 a

tivrits -'at Bath.

METROPOLITAN POLITICAL
• summAII.V.

Tl,e Ittentng Chronicle of this day, in a leading
article;on the subject of the Tdry tactics, says :—" Can
Sir IL Pee,l,adMinister his own Emancipation Act ? He
never dia:while he remained in office. Only after hi:
expulsion diclit cease to be a dead letter. Only on the
assumption:lof his making it again a dead letter, do his
own partisans 'desire to see him Premier. He cannotexe•
cute it faithfully, had he the will to do so. Tory resto-
ration is Orange restoration." The Morning Post thus
speales'bf the Penny Postage scheme :—" We believe
that if 'Palmy :Postage be continued, there must be a
grant frdiii the Consolidated Fund to make up the ex•
pcnse of the establishment ; and that will happen
notwithstanding that all the Government depart
mews, which hitherto had no charge on account
of :correspondence, will have to add postage to
their items of expenditure, and wi.l pay in so much
less to the :public Exchequer." The Times, allud-
ing to the- late great meeting in Dublin, remarks
as follows The speeches show incidentally, and un-
Conicitinsly On the part of the orators, the unprosperous
state in Which the Irish•Ministerialists find themselves
at the approach of a Parliamentary campaign, and, as
the'y seein to itnagine, of a Parliamentary dissolution."
Ihe. Morniiig Advertiser, in an article on the present
stateo(lreland, observes :—" The people who, after
braving everything for emancipation, should consent to
bow the head beneath the yoke of Peel and his Orange
crew, and wear ,oncit. ,more their ancient bonds, would
indeed deserve the insults of the last of cowards—the
meanest -of slaves. But the Irish people are not yet
fallen so low.'t.

COURT CIRCULAR.

The Queen gave 'audience yesterday at Buckingham
Palace to the Marquis of Normanby, Viscount Melbourne,
and the Judge Advocate-General.
flieufinyal Dinner Party at the Palace last evening
included• the Earl of Erroll, the Earl of Uxbridge, the
Earl and, Countess, of Albemarle, and the Right Hon.
George and Lady iAgnes, Byng.
The. Band. of the Coldstream Guards attended at the
Palace .during Dinner, and played the whole of the eves-
ing-. . • • •
The Duchess of Keat has appointed Colonel G. Cowper,
C. B. C.H.oto be her First Equerry, and Comptroller of
her Royal Highness's, Household.
The Duchess, of ,Kent visited her Majesty the Q teen
Dowager yesterday, at,Marlborough House.
The Duke of, Cambridge and Prince George, attended
by Colonel Cornwall, went to Coombe Wood yesterday,
for a day's shooting. Their Royal Highnesses returned to
town in.the,afternoon.
The, C( mmaucler of the Forces, the Master-General of
the Qrdnance, Loi:d Fitzroy Somerset, and Mr. Wakley,
had interviews with Lord John Russell yesterday, at the
Sir William Trelawney and Sir John Macdonald had
interviews with jiscount Melbourne yesteiday in
Dowoigg-Street.
M 4 de Ilummelauer transacted Lusiness yesterday at
the Foreign-office. .
The.Solicitor-General and Mrs. Fry hal interviews
with the Marquis of Normanby yesterday at the Home-
office.' '

"lle~ itches ivere received yesterday at the Colonial-
effiee froth .11Ir.'Poillett Thomson, Governor of the Ca-
n;id.is;-and frOm the Governors of the West India
Colonies

,I 116! 11arquis of Northampton, accompanied by
the,j4.9wir-cK N4rebioncis of Northampton and Lady
Niari,lone‘bCPYPton, is expected in town on Wednesday,
from Castle Ashby. •

71.74 ye, PRight Ton. Sir James Graham, Bart

M4.41.A.,-land 160y' Graham come to town to-day, from
Neihe`rb'y,' CiiniVerland, for the season.

LtPdlridgiddy Carnaivon and family have been
p4oyglsbo!,holOays at Highelere House, near An-
doypr.,. , „.
Viscount Dungannon, M.P., will leave Brynki-
nalt,,,Wales, to-day, to attend to his Parliamentary du.

ties.,t.Wo,ontlersiand the estates of the late Viscount,

in Kilkenny and. Queen's county, arc about to be sold.
M A Ifit't Abt IN HIGH LIFE.—At the residence
ofliCr'fii'ihe'r,'Millerstein, N.B. Miss Catherine Char-
lotfClpillic;:foiirth daughter of Mr. George Baillie,
and -slster of the Marchioness of Breadalbane, to the
Earl pf,Ast4hurnham. The Marquis and Marchioness
of Breadalbane, and a select circle of relatives and
friends, At:re:present at the ceremony.
C.kiptairr Paget, R. N., eldest son of the late
Adini'ral the Hon. Sir Charles Paget, will in a few
days 'bb ntirricd to Miss Caroline M'Clintock, third
dahlitertf 'Henry M'Clintock, Esq., collector of Dun-
dalk:l' t'ajiain Paget is now at Dundalk, intending to
. J
remmn ther.9 until the marriage ceremony is aecom-,
plitshp,4--/)iik/iii Paper.
Visoount and ViscOuntess Ashtown, Lady
Masseyyoßaroness MulAnges, Sir W. Call, Sir John and
Lady Smith, &r G. and Lady Gibbcs, Sir Thomas P.

Hayea;' Sir W. Goslin, &c., are among the recent ar,

' .Tft fallowing fashionable visitors visited Covent
a~~cyen Theatre during the week :—His Royal High-
ness tlip,Plike of Cambridge; Duchess of Cambridge
(oviee),,Baron Knesebeck, Lord F. Beauclerk, Lord
,Dorehoster, Prince George of Cambridge, Princess of
Cambridge, Prince Henry of Saxe Weimar, Lord W.
Russell, Lord J. Russell, Lord W. Paget, Hon. Paul
Methuen, Marquis de Bellini, Ball Hughes, Esq.,
Massey Stanley, Esq., Lord Adolphus Fitzclarencc,
Lady Cowley, Montague Gore, Esq.
The Hunt Ball at St. Alban's took place .on
Friday last at the Town Hall. It was a very brilliant
assembly, attended by all the fashion and beauty of the
county. Among the company were the Earl and
Countess of Essex and the. Hon. Mr. Capel, the Earl
and Countess of Verulam, Viscount and Lady Mary
Grimston, Captain and Mr. Grimston, Lord and Mr.
Macdonald, Mr. Beauclerk, Lord Dacre and Mr.
Brand, Mr. Villiers, Lady. Frederick and the Misses
Beauclerk, Mr. and Mrs. Ames, Earl and Countess
Craven, Dowager Countess and Lady Louisa Craven,
Mr. Boothby, Mr. Hyde, &c. The dancing com-
menced to Weippert's band at ten o'clock, and ended at
five in the morning. The gentlemen of the Hunt in
their scarlet coats, and many of the members from
Melton Mowbray. The supper was most superb—hot
roasts and soups, with a,magnificent display of confec-
tionery. The wines—champagne, burgundy, claret, &c.,
of the first vintages. The assembly mustered about 250.
MEETING OF PAIILIAMENT.—Her Majesty will open
the ensuing Session of Parliament in person on Thurs-
day next.
r.MAJUSCITAL COLLEGE.—We understand that
. 4.
4,4unuuons or declalitoihasimen served on the Principal
and-Professors of Marischal College and University, at

the instance of John Stuart Blackie, Esq., Advocate`:'
:The conclusions arc, that it, shall be declared that they
-are hound to induct him into the Chair of Humanity,
'to which he was presented by the Crown, and tint
he is 'entitled to the fees which have been . paid
't6' w. Melvin, the gentleman appointed by the Pro-
fessor to teach the class.—Aberdecn Herald.

~, „COURT OF ALDERMEN.—Yesterday, a Court
of,Alci.ungp was held for the purpose of receiving pre-
sentments from the Ward Inquests, and swearing in the
(Qty policemen and other subordinate officers. Some
'conversation took place relative to a petition from eleven
inhabitiants.of Aldersgate Ward, against the return of
Thdmas Norris, at the last election for Common
'COnileiltribn, but it possessed no.general interest. The
City policemen, a very fine body of men, were marched
In divisions into the Court, and severally sworn in—after
WAIeN 69 Court adjourned.
O,MpI4KNIENT TO TIIE DUKE OF WELLING-
TON.--in-the small county of Haddington upwards of
one.thousand pounds have already been subscribed to
thn•Wellington Testimonial. There arc to be meet-

ink's' in 'every county and principal town in Scotland for
this object, and from the enthusiasm with which it has
been inken up it is probable a much larger sum will be
raised ftir a monument to the Duke in Edinburgh than
haVhnenoised by all the wealth and rank of London.
li74ruiers' Clubs are projected in various parts of
the. country ; one has already been formed at Warmin-
ster, Wilts,—" for the purpose of acquiring and dis-
seminatingsound practical information upon all tuiatters
connected-with agriculture, and for the encouragement
l'ef Meritorious labourers."
