TURNPIKE ROADS.

From the Parliamentary Report on the Turn-
pike Roads of the United Kingdom, we select
the followin_q, particulars:—
_ _

In Lanarkshire there arc 371 miles of Turnpike ::dads ; an-
nual income, 27,7441: ; income per mile, 741. ; amount of debt
269,2601.; debt per mile 7251...;_annual expenditure, 25,5791. ;
expenditure per mile, 631. ; excess of inconie, 2,1651. ; interest
0f.debt,21,M451.
The annual income of all the turnpike roads in Scotland is
129,6351. ; the total debt, 1,124,2731.; the annual expenditure,
152,8201. ;. the excess of expenditure, 6,6711 ; the interest,
140,8261.; and the total number of miles turnpike roads in -Scot-
land, completed and not completed, 3,611.
The following roods in England afford a remarkable contrast:—
Gloucestershire-897 miles road ; annual income, 51,55311;
income per mile, 5721. ; amount of debt, 212,6091. ; debt per
mile, 21161. ; annual expenditure, 31,4941. ; expenditure per
mile, 351. ; excess of income, 19,7341. • interest o, debt, 4,3461.
Middlesex, which we believe includes London and its vicl-•
nity, north of the Thames, 157 miles road : annual income,
96,5451. ; income per mile, 6081.: arn,:unt of debt, 186,4751. ;
debt per mile, 1131. ; annual expenditure, 66,0501. ; expendi,
ture per mile, 5481.; excess of income, 9,4951. : interest of debt,
1,8021.

EXECUTI ()N.—This morning Richard Jago, for
a burglary in the house of W. Ord, E
Berkeley-square, and Henry Thompson, for ut-
tering forged cheques on the house of Jones,
Lloyd, and Co., were executed at' the Old
Bailey. Thompson, while his irons were knock-
ing off, breathed the most pious ejaculations:
On Jago, who met his fate with indifference,
being pinioned, Thompson delivered an extem-
pore prayer with much fluetFy, emphasis, and
composure, which lasted some time, recommend-
ing himself and companion to the supreme Dis--
poser of Events. Whilst the executioner was
tying up Thompson, Mr. BAKER was most assi-
duous in his pious exhortations to Jago, to which
he attended with great fervour. Thompson has
filled some respectable mercantile situations, but
had once before been in custody, and tried for an
offence similar to the one for which his life was
forfeited. Jago, it will be recollected, married
the servant of Mr. Ord, and by making her the
involuntary instrument of his villainy, formed a
widely ramified conspiracy to rob the house of
her master.

LAMENTABLE SUICIDE.-Yesterday morninz,
about eight o'clock, a melancholy event took
place at the house of George Glasspool, Esq.
No. 9, Lant-st,reet, Borough. Mr. G. who held
a situation in the Victualling department, arose
at his usual hour, and proceeded down stairs
from his chamber into the kitchen ; shortly after
the bed-room bell 'rang, and the maid servant
went up stairs to attend on Mrs. G. Almost im-
mediately after they had left the kitchen,a loud re-
port of a pistol was heard, followed by a horrid
groan. The servants lost no time in going down
stairs, when on entering the kitchen they disco-
vered their unfortunate master lying on the floor
weltering in his blood. A large horse pistol was
lying by his side, with which he had shot him,.
self completely through the heart. Mr. Baylis,
a surgeon, was prompt in attendance., but the
unfortunate Gentleman was quite dead. On the
tragical event being communicated to Mrs. G.
she swooned, and continues in a-very precarious
state.

CORN EXCHANGE, JAN. 23.
What fcw fresh arrivals we have had in our Market this day
have consisted chiefly of land samples from Essex anti Kent,
and the supply altogether not large ; our trade of Corn in ge-
neral this day is very dull at Monday's prices, and little de-
wand. aid that only for prime Corn, and but little clearance
could be made with the inferior quality at a reduction.

THE LONDON JOUUNALS.

15 VEY I.XTItACTS FROM THE MORNING PAPERS,

January 23, 1822.

[MORNING POST.]
We received yesterday French Papers to the
20th inst. The Report of the Commission charged
with examining the project of law for regulating
the periodical press was received, and the dis-
opssion of the other project of law for repressing
he offences of the press took place on Saturday,-
but these papers being those of the day itself
contain no details. The King has issued two
/Ordinances, which are given officially in the
Wioniteur. The first suppresses the General
PoliCe'Directorship which was created in 1820:
and the second directs the re-organization of
the ten Local Companies which were disbanded
in 1817. 'An article of the 7th inst. from Vienna
stales that the whole Russian army of the South
bad been moving towards the Pruth since the
23d of December. Three divisions had passed
the Dniester on the 26th, part of them during
the night. 'f
-he troops were provided with biscuit
,for fifteen days. The villages along the left bank
c,bf the Pruth were so crow ded with soldiers, that
it was thought impossible they should long remain
in that state. The Emperor of Austria has resolv-
, *d to restore to Hungary the districts which had
been detached from that country when the king-
. dom of 111yria was formed. The birth-day of
the Emperor Alexander was kept at St. Peters-
burgh on the 24th of December by the Court
and the people. A grand 7'e Deum was sung in
the Chapel of the Palace and the Cathedral of
Cazan, and in all the Churches of the capital,
and a general illumination took place at night.—
The earthquake experienced last month in the
Government of Kiew and of Podolsk was also felt
in the southern provinces, as far as Teffiis in
Georgia. The commercial losses occasioned at
Genoa by the late gales are stated to amount
to eight millions of francs.

A runionr was afloat yesterday in the City,
"that the Russian ultimatum had been acceded to
•by the Turkish Government. The report was
said to be founded on the authority of letters
from Smyrna, but could not be traced to any au-
thentic source. It did not gain general credit ;
and yet had the effect of raising the funds, which
had previously fallen one half per cent., to their
former prices.—(lbid.) •

[BRITISH PRESS.I
The Paris Papers of Saturday last have ar-
-rived at our office. The next arrivals will in all
likelihood communicate intelligence of more in-
terest than these can boast, for Saturday was ap-
pointed for a public sitting of the Chamber of
Deputies, to hear the Report of the Committee
upon one of the laws relating to the controul of
the public Press, and to commence the debate
upon the other. Upon the result of the debates
on these new measures will probably depend the
fate of the new Ministers. The late Ministers
were thrown out principally because of their
avowed hostility to the public Press ; should
those who form the present Cabinet be convicted,
by the defeat of their measures, of a similar of-
fence, they, must expect to share the same fate, and
in the event of their expulsion, necessity points to
the liberal party upon the left sid e of the Chambers
as the fit depositaries of the Executive Autho-
rity. The selection of that party would imply
a great change in the character of the French
Government; but the extent of the change would
Probably disappoint the hopes and fears of many,
while, without causing any danger 'to the prin-
ciples of the Constitution and to the spirit of the
Monarchy, it would be yet sufficient to gratify
the wishes of'the
,people, inspire them with con-
fdence in their rulers, and, with,the freedom of
the press, secure to them the full 'enjoyment of
tneir other immunities and privileges.

[MORNING HERALD.]
The accounts from Spain—not yet, however,
in an authenticated form—state that the King
at length had dismissed his • Ministers, and in-
grusted the portfolios, ad interim, to the sub-
ordinate servants of .the Crown in their respec-
tive departments. It is unfortunate (sup.,
posing the account true)- that he- did not do so
before. Had he done it sooner, he might have
Egad the ad vantage of a conciliatory act done with
a good grace. • As the matter stands, it will pro-
bably be • regarded as nothing better than a con-
- cession wrung from his weakness, and yielded,
perhaps, with the secret purpose of violating or
defeating it. The difficulty of obtaining a new
Viinistry is, we are well assured, d• flagrant pre-
text, put forth in bad faith; and suggested to this
unhappy Prince by that noxious race of spiritual
ptiv:,sers, which has once more sprung up in
Europe, after 'having proved itself alike destruc-
tive to nations and to Sovereigns. The members
of the late Spanish :Ministry are still ready to as-
sume the reins of Government, with an additional
stock of public confidence acquired since their 1
dismissal. But their having opened the dungeons,
and broken the torturing instruments of the inqui-
sition—their having thrown open the Convents,
those dens of lazy profligacy, to ,be purified-by
the light of - Heaven and the eye of man—their
having let in Land still in a very moderate degree
only) the rays of European knowledge and men-
tal freedom—these are sins • for 'Which they are
. not, and never will be, forgiven by the evil spirit
of bigotry slavery,
.Which, after hating been
exorcised from the nation and the Government,
still finds refuge near the 'Throne.- Every friend
of rational freedom; humanity, and peace, must
lament this disastrous influence which surrounds
the King of Spain, and is the original and sub-
stantial
.cause of the violent excitation of Opinion
and feeling which distracts the people and en-
dangers the Throne of that kingdom:

[THE TIMES.]
A meting of owners and occupiers of lard in
the county of Devon has taken place at Exeter.
AC This, certain resolutions were proposed, of no
great moment from their. intrinsic value, and of
still less from the fate•-which awaited them. They
were, in,. fact overlain by one potent resolution
to call a County Meeting, for which this asseun-

Wage of land-owners was torrsidered as a feeble
and insufficient substitute. It. is not a little cu-

rious to hear men talking now of the transition
from war to peace as one of the causes of agricul-
tural distress. Why, this peace itself has been
almost as long as an .ordinary war ! The too
speedy return to cash payments is assigned as
another cause of the distress. This return has
been very speedy to 1?e sure—six or more years
after the time specified by the act. Yet are we
far from arguing that the tardy return to cash
payments, united to other causes, (such is the
amount of the national debt, and the aversion to
economy,) has not tended to create the difficulty
of which agriculturists so loudly complain : but
there seemed at last to be no choice between the
putting an end to the unsupported paper currency
by the issue of gold, and the suffering our bills
of Engla►ti to sink to the same level as that
of the French assignats. The importation of
foreign grain in 1818-19 is another • reason
assigned for the low price of the native growth
in 1821-22. If that fatal importation were

indeed of such durable consequence, we do
not see why it should not operate thirty or
three hundred years hence ; and why, in truth,
it should not hinder native grain from ever at-
taining a remunerating price in future.—We
on the contrary, rather suspect that the im-
porters of grain have so suffered by their specu-
lations, that their examples will serve to deter
others from a similar course, and that therefore
the importations of the years 1818-19 must rather
have tended to raise the price of native grain in
the succeeding yehrs.

[NEw Tlli ES.]
We have received letters from
.Paris to Satur-
day afternoon.. 'rlie closing price of the rentes
on that day, for, money, was 85f. 15c. We
should observe, that in speaking of Friday's
priee as 86f. 25c. we meant only to refer to
neeociations it terme: the money price was 85f.
70C.—The 111oniteur extracts from the Journal
des Debuts an article which may be considered
as the political Profession of Faith of the party
specially attached to the new Ministry.-71f we
were disposed to criticise this production, we
should say that some parts of it are rather abstract
than practical ; but we are well aware that it is
necessary to accommodate popular writing to
prevalent habits of reasoning; and that political
abstraction is so much the habit of the day, as in
some sort to compel a writer to employ general
terms, when his own-better taste and more cor-
rect feelings would prompt him to dwell on par-
ticular topics. The Royalists are taunted with
their supposed belief in a divine right of Kings ;
against which their antagonists set up a fancied
sovereignty of the people In truth, both
these notions, as they are conceived by the
herd of illiterate and shallow politicians, are
eminently absurd. Paley has justly said, the
divine right of Kings and the divine right
of Constables stand on the same footing. Both
theie rights, so long as they exist by the
law which holds society in its established order,
partake of that divine right which flows from
the will of the Creator ; and as it is manifest
that-the lawful succession in an hereditary Mo-
narchy cannot be disturbed, much less the
kingly office itself abolished, without a great and
fatal convulsion of social order, therefore the
right of a lawful Monarch to his Throne must
be regarded in all sound reasoning as most
sacred, although (as the Royalist Writer says)
there is no occasion in political reasonings to
have recourse to the divine intervention.

[MORNING CHRONICLE.]
The County Meeting of Norfolk was called a
Radical 114eeting by the Ministerial Press, be-
cause the. speakers charged Ministers with a
wasteful expenditure of the public money, and
expressed it as their opinion that a diminution of
Taxation alone could afford relief to the dis-
tressed Agriculturists. The same radical senti-
ments, however, pervade the whole country. We
yesterday inserted a Report of a Sornersetshire
Meeting, and we this clay insert a report of a
Meeting at Exeter, at both of which the spirit
which displayed itself in Norfolk and in Sussex
was very unequivocally exhibited. At the Ex-
eter Meeting it was resolved_ that a Meeting of
the great County, of Devon shoold be called ; and
a,meeting of the county. of -Surrey has, we see,
been fixed for the 4th of next month.. % these
meetings be less radical, that is, will they be less
strenuous in, their calls for, economy and dimi-
nished taxation ? Those who entertain any such
hope know little of the present temper of the
country. Men- who, in spite of their utmost ex-
ertions, see their property passing, rapidly from
them into the hands of others,, ,are not likely
to be deterred from.callingfor what they conceive
the only remedy forthe.evil by charges of radical-
ism. The term has now lost all it terrors. In the
absence of real evil, the imagination often conjures
tip that which i 5 Aureal ;., and. the Yeoman, after a.
plentiful meal, could enjoy by his fire side over his
bottle, the horrors of the anticipated spectacle of
blasphemy :;nd radicalism stalking triumphantly
over the land, trampling on our holy religion, and
overturning the venerable fabric of the Constitu-
tion. But the presence of real danger soon chases
away: these phantoms of the brain; and the
agriculturists are.now unfortunately beset with
real danger, in every
.direction.—That the re-
trenchments which have. hitherto taken place,
or which are announced as about to take place,
are far, very far, below „what the exigencies
of the country demand, and • what may. be,
easily effected,.is now fortunately a very general
opinion among those who have the power in their
hands. • Lnd,er a different state of.things it•might
have been difficult• to satisfy the country. gentle-
men that overgrown RStahlishinents at home and
abroad, were not essential to the glory and Oa-
' racier of the country .; but a discontented yeo-
manry -and unpaid rents are calculated to give
them very different views. We do.not.despair,
therefore, that these circumstances, and the con-
viction that it is impossible to raise priCes by mo-
nopoly, will induce the country gentlemen to be-
come economists in good earnest.

Sir THos. GREY, Knt. M.D. of Ramsgate, is
appointed a Magistrate for the Cinque Ports, in the
room of the late Rey. Richard Harvey.—(Kentish
Gazette.)
