NERAL.

" Att. 53. States General shall be assembled to deliberate on
the affairs which concern the general interests of Poland. These
assemblies shall have a deliberative voice in the examination of
all matters submitted to them. •

" Art. 54. A special ordinance shall determine the extent
and fbrm of the affairs submitted to the States General.
TITLE V.—ON THE JUDICIARY ORGANIZATION.
" Art. 55, All judiciary authority in the kingdom of Poland
is instituted by us, and shall act in our name. Pardon and
commutation of punishment belongs exclusively to us.
" Art. 36. The jurisdictions are composed of judges named
by us, and judges elected according to a form prescribed by a
special ordinance.
" Art. 57. Judges named by us shall remain in their functions
until we deem it necessary to revoke them, or confer others, or
until they are deprived for misconduct. Elected judges are to
remain in their office during the time fixed by the special ordi-
nance appointing them.
Art. 58. Judges are to be deprived of office for abuse of
power, or any other contravention of legal forms, but never
without a judgment from a superior tribunal.

" Art. 59. The maintenance of order in the jurisdictions of
the Ist and 2d instance, and all the difficulties as to concurrent
jurisdictions are referred to a superior tribunal.

" Art. 60. The law respecting justices of peace for inhabitants
of all conclitions remains in full vigour. The duty of these
justices is to act as conciliators, and prevent litigation.
" Art. 01. No process can be carried before the tribunal of
the First Instance, unless it has been made the object of a pre-
liminary conciliation, except such cases as do not, according to
existing laws, depend finally for decision on the justice of peace.
"Art. M. In every town and rural district, civil judges and
police magistrates have the power of deciding, in all cases, to
the amount of 500 Polish florins.

" Art. 63. For the decision of higher cases, local tribunals, to
give judgment at fixed times in the year, shall be established in
each waiwodeship.
" Art. 64. The organization of the tribunals of commerce
remains as heretofore.
• • '
_

" Art. 65. Tribunals to decide on criminal cases, and all
matters under the jurisdiction of the correctional police, shall
be established in each waiwodeship.
" Art. 66. Also tribunals of appeal charged with the revision
of all judgments in civil, criminal, and commercial cases.
Art. 67. There shall be besides in Warsaw a supreme tri-
bunal, the duties and composition of which shall be fixed by a
special law.
" Art. 68. All provisions in this organic statute shall be fur-
ther developed, and completed by special ordinances, according
as need may be. _

" Art. 69. All dispositions of former laws and ordinances
which may be contrary to this statute are hereby abrogated.
`• We have confirmed, by our autograph signature, this
organic statute, and caused our imperial seal to be affixed to it.

" Given at St. Petersburgh, the 26th of February (9th of
March), 1832, the 6th year of our reign.
(Signed) " NICHOLAS.
(By order of the Emperor and King),
" The Minister, Secretary of State,
Count STEPHEN GRABOWSKI."

INGENIOUS WORKMANSHIP.---Alex. Rae,
a journeyman tailor belonging to Glasgow, has brought to this
city a specimen of his own handiwork, which surpasses in cu-
rious ingenuity any thing done by the needle that has ever come
under our inspection. The object to be described is a square
of multiform clippings of superfine cloth, the size of a pretty
large table-cover. The broad outer border is elegantly formed
of party coloured scales, cut with mathematical nicety, and
sewed in a manner not to be distinguished from an entire piece
of cloth. The second quadrangular section is grounded with fine
drab kerseymere, and around this line twenty-six histrionic
characters are most ingeniously sewed. They are clad in ele-
gant costumes, and are r epresented in various tragic attitudes
common to the stage. The attitudinal ease and gracefulness of
the figures are charming, and this is the more wonderful, as
every part of their dresses, every accoutrement, every limb,
and every feature, is formed by minute morsels of cloth, and of
a colour suited to express the various lineaments of each figure,
and sewed so marvellously exact as to present the appearance
of a smooth painting. The middle section of theicloth is adorned
with the Freemason's Arms, all done in the same ingenious
style, and the whole forms a unique table cloth of great beauty
and unrivalled workmanship. Mr. Rae must take care not to
part with it for a trifle, for besides showing his own capabilities
as a workman, it will bring a handsome price from any one who
can appreciate its value, and is rich enough to purchase it as a
curiosity. We have no doubt, that were it placed for show in
some convenient room about the New Town, a great number
of the gentry would not grudge a trifle for liberty to inspect it.
The nondescript—for its manufacturer has not yet been able to
invent a name for it—now lies with Mr. George Rae, 142, High-
Street, and any respectable person may, in the meantime, have
a sight of it who chooses to take the trouble of calling.—Scotsman.

A married English lady, of distinguished
two years ago, in connexion with a foreign
beauty,Prince whof
urnished such abundant gossip to the fashionable
world, has been appointed to the highest situation at the Court
of Bavaria, where she enjoys the entire confidence and protec-
:ion of the highest personage of the State.

4,11 n•

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, APRIL 11, 1852.

The adjourned debate of last night in the
House of Lords, on the Reform Question, was,
on the whole, far more satisfactory than the pre-
ceding one. It was more manly—more expli-
cit—more encouraging. Lord HA RROWBY, in
particular, uttered in the generous spirit of an
English nobleman, sentiments such ash became a
British Peer to avow, and a British audience to lis-
ten to. His Lordship expressed, frankly and deci-
dedly, his objections to certain portions of the Bill;
but looking at it, and at all the circumstances
connected with it, with the far-sighted eye of
a true statesman, he professed himself willing
to allow it to be debated in Committee, on the
principle that an efficient Reform could no longer
be delayed with safety. Lord WHARNCLIFFE
adopted the same convincing style of argument,
and proved that an English Peer may be
a stanch friend to his Order, without
in the slightest degree separating his sympathies
from those of the community at large. The
speeches of these Noble Lords will, we doubt
not, produce a deep—may we add ?—a grateful
impression on the public mind. Men so well
acquainted with the wants and wishes of the age,
so cautious, yet withal so sagacious, cannot but
come to a correct conclusion on the Reform
Bill. We may be mistaken, but we have a
notion that we are right in our conjectures. It
is not from the premises of men of sense that
we expect erroneous deductions.

The Duke of WELLINGTON was as stubborn
and uncompromising as ever. His every sen-
tence smelt of the camp, and he put forth his ar-
guments as one proclaiming martial law. But
his Grace will find that Reform is no Waterloo.
It will conquer even the conqueror of NAPOLEON.
We repeat our conviction that last night's
debate was in every way encouraging. Those
who declared their hostility to Reform were
languid and faint-hearted; the confidence—the
boldness—the sincerity—were all on the right
side. Yet thirty hours, and every doubt will
be cleared up ! • Yet thirty hours, and the
anxious, intensely anxious population of three
kingdoms will know whether their requests are
to be listened to with attention, or to be rejected
with contumely. Life or death, freedom or
slavery, hang on the issue of these few, brief,
eventful hours. GOD grant, that issue may be
auspicious

SIR ISAAC NEWTON'S HOSPITALITY, GE-
NEROSIY, AND CHARITY.—After Sir Isaac Newton took up his
residence in London, he lived in a very handsome style, and
kept his carriage, with an establishment of three male and
three female servants. In his own house he was hospitable
and kind, and on proper occasions he gave splendid enter-
tainments, though without ostentation or vanity. His own
diet was frugal, and his dress was always simple; but on one
occasion, when he opposed the Hon. Mr. Alinesley, in 1705, as
a candidate for the University, he is said to have put on a suit
of laced clothes. His generosity and charity had no bounds,
and he used to remark, that they who gave away nothing till
they died, never gave at all. Though his wealth had become
considerable by a prudent economy, yet he had always a con.
tempt for money, and he spent a considerable part of his in.
come in relieving the poor, in assisting his relations, and in
encouraging ingenuity and learning. The sums which he gave
to his relations at different times were enormous.—Family
Library, No. XXIV., Dr. Brewster's Life of Newton.

gqIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.)

.•
tkosi Moto%
DEAL, Apiiit; 10:—Wind N..E.—Arrived from the river
and sailed the Boyne, Brown, for Bombay; Mary, Dobson,
from the Mauritius.

PORTSMOUTH, Amu, 10.—Wind E.N.E.—Arrived the
Marshall, Hustwick, from Charleston.
PLYMOUTH, APRIL 9.—Wind E.N.E. strong gales.—
Arrived the Belgrave, Evrard, from Pernambuco. Off port the
Virginia packet, Dicks, from Charleston. Sailed the Florentia,
Drake, for New South Wales. . .

. .
RAMSGATE, APRIL 10.—Arrived off port the Venus,
Evans, from Galway.
FOWEY, APRIL 9.—Arrived the Sarah, Jones, from Cadiz.
PENZANCE, APRIL 9.—Arrived off port the Swift,
Le Nuare, from Cadiz.
LIVERPOOL, Amt. O.—Arrived the Cordova, Owens,
from Savannah; Commerce, Pool, from St. Michael's.
DUBLIN, APRIL 9.—Arrived the Emerald, Smith, from
Demerara; Eliza, Gillespie, from Terceira.
CORK, APRIL B.—Wind E.—Arrived the Eliza, Graves,
from London for New South Wales.

The Britannia, Kellick, for Newcastle, has arrived oft' Sheer-
ness with damage and loss of mainmast, having been in contact
with a vessel bound to Quebec.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)

CORN EXCHANGE.

We have only moderate arrivals of all kinds of Grain this
morning, and of Flour the return is scanty. The Wheat trade
may be reported as dull, but there being very little superfine at
market, such'fully supports Monday's terms. Barley, Beans,
and Pease, unaltered. For good sweet Oats, the factors are
asking more money, but the trade in general is dull. Flour
unaltered.

ARRIVALS.
Wheat. I Barley. Oats, I Flour.
English 2,600 qrs I 2,900 qrs.l 2,:400 qrs. 2,soosacks.
Irish B6O
Foreign

brls.

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

We have 110 arrivals this morning, owing to the easterly winds.
The express from Paris of Monday is both important and disas-
trous. It also brings the French 3 per Cents. near 1% per cent.
lower, in consequence of Casimir Perier having experienced a
return of his disease. The official returns of new cases of the
cholera in twenty-four hours, ending four o'clock, p. m. on Sun-
day, compared with those f the preceding day, were an in-
crease of 109 ; the number of deaths was 295, in the course
of twenty-four hours, which expired at four o'clock on
Monday afternoon. The cholera had made new ravages. The
answer to the inquiries at M. Perier's house was that he was
better; but tkis was not the case of the report at the Chamber
of Deputies. It was expected that Perier's Ministry would be
considered shaken to its foundation.
Our Ambassador and his Lady have left Paris.
THE FUNDS.

This being settling day in the Consol Market, they are occu.
pied in settling their accounts, which is a Bull Account. lip to
the present hour all is right, and it is going off well; but the
Funds are rather heavy, owing to the decline of the French
prices.
A great number of persons continue leaving the French Ca-
pital ; and all kind of business is at a stand. A report is now pre.
valent at the Stock Exchange that Perier is dead, but as yet we
cannot give it in any official shape. Should this event have
taken place, no doubt it will be announced by the telegraph to
the French Ambassador here.
In the Foreign Market nothing doing as yet. The Dutch
steamer is hourly expected.
Consols, which left off yesterday at opened this morning
at 83%%, at which price they are at present ; fur the next ac-
count, May 23, 8334. _

HALF-PAST ONE.

The Dutch steamer has arrived, and brings the Dutch Funds
higher, 42 to ; this does not look as though the Dutch are go-
ing to commence hostilities.
Consols, which were in the early part of the morningat 83%
for money, have since been done at 831, at which price they are
at present for money, and BP4 fur next time. The Centango is
going off, owing to the brokers borrowing money to take up Stock.
In the Foreign Market Dutch Stock has also improved to 42%.
In other Securities little doing.
7 LIBRE O' CL CK.
Consols for Account 83k.

" Washington Irving, who quitted us a
fortnight since for America, has left behind him, we believe, the
MS. of two volumes of Tales, &c. similar in plan to the Sketch
Book, but founded on Spanish and Moorish legends and tradi.
tions. The title we have heard is Tales of the Alhambra."—
Literary Gazette.

ff 1
THE KINGS I
IHEATRE--Signor Vaccai's
opera Giukttu e Romeo was last night produced under the direc-
tion of the composer, for the debut of Madame Grondolfi. The
opera has considerable merit; but contains nothing equal to
the third act of Zingarell's opera of the same name, with which
the English public is familiar; nor will the lady, though a
mezzo soprano of some personal beauty, compete with the re-
presentatives of Romeo who have been already heard in this
country.

MIDDLESEX SESSIONS.-(THIS DAY.)-
The Chairman gave notice that on the rising of the court to.
day, it should stand adjourned until ten o'clock on Friday. The
case of the Finsbury rioters was proceeding at three o'clock,
when our reporter left.

BREACH OF PROMISE OF MARRIAGE.-
At the Chester Assizes, on Saturday, in the case of Charldtte
Levy against I. Grenville Jones, for a breach of promise of
marriage, there was a second count charging the non-performance
of the promise within a reasonable time. Plea the general
issue. Damages laid at 1,0001. Atter a long and uninteresting
trial of no public interest, the jury returnad a verdict for the
plaintiff—Damages, 1001. _ _ _

- _
PERMANENCE OF SIR ISAAC NEWTON'S
REetrrarrox.—A century of discoveries has, since his day,
been added to science ; but brilliant as these discoveries are, they
have not obliterated the minutest of his labours, and have served
only to brighten the halo which encircles his name. The
achievements of genius, like the source from which they spring,
are indestructible. Acts of legislation and deeds of war may
confer a high celebrity, but the reputation which they bring
is only local and transient; and while they are hailed by the
nation which they benefit, they are reprobated by the people
whom they ruin or enslave. The labours of science, on the
contrary, bear along with them no counterpart of evil. They
are the liberal bequests of great minds to every individual of
their race, and wherever they are welcomed and honoured,
they become the solace of private life, and the ornament and
bulwark of the commonwealth.—Family Library, No. XXIV.,
Brewster's Life of Newton.
During the Assizes throughout Ireland that
have just concluded (with the exception of Clare and Galway),
t pisantry," and relating many
386 persons have been sentenced to transportation.—Tipperary
Free Press.
A
WITNESS"the
fines.—O'Connell was prais-
ing the
instances of witty witnesses; " unfortunately," said Stanley,
"they sometimes prove too much ; I remember one man who,
having to swear to a coat, said he remembered it from the time
GOOD
pr
of
it was a jacket."

SIR ISAAC NEWTON'S GREAT MODESTY.
—The modesty of Sir Isaac Newton, in reference to his great
discoveries, was not founded on any indifference to the fame
which they conferred, or upon any erroneous judgment of their
importance to science. The whole of his life proves, that he
knew his place as a philosopher, and was determined to assert
and vindicate his rights. His modesty arose from the depth
and extent of his knowledge, which showed him what a small
portion of nature he had been able to examine, and how much
remained to be explored in the same field in which he had him-
self laboured. In the magnitude of the comparison he recog-
nised his own littleness; and a short time before his death he
uttered his memorable sentiment :—" I do not know what I
may appear to the world, but to myself I seem to have been
only like a boy playing on the seashore, and diverting myself in
now and then finding a smoother pebble or a prettier shell than
ordinary, whilst the great ocea❑ of truth lay all undiscovered
before me." What a lesson to the vanity and presumption of
philosophers, to those especially who have never even found the
smoother pebble or the prettier shell I What a preparation for
the latest inquiries, and the last views of the decaying spirit,
for those inspired doctrines which alone can throw a light over
the dark ocean of undiscovered truth.—Family Library, No.
XXIV., Dr. Brewster's Life of Newton.
NEW WORKS BY DISTINGUISHED WRI-
Tem.—Just ready for publication, by Messrs. Colburn and
Bentley, New Burlington-street The Contrast, by the
author of " Matilda," and "Yes and No," 3 vols.-2. Ar-
lington, by the author of " Granby," 3 vols.-3. The Fair of
May Fair, 3 vols. Also, just published-4. Tales of the Early
Ages, by the author of " Brambletye House," 3 vols.-5.
Stanley Buxton, by the author of " The Ayshire Legatees,"
" Lawrie Todd," &c. 3 vols.-6. The Adventures of a Younger
Son, 3 vols.

SIR ISAAC NEWTON'S ABSENCE OF MIND.
--The habits of deep meditation which Sir Isaac Newton had
acquired, though they did not show themselves in his inter.
course with society, exercised their full influence over his mind
when in the midst of his own family. Absorbed in thought, he
would often sit down on his bedside, after he rose, and remain
there for hours without dressing himself, occupied with some in.
teresting investigation which had fixed his attention. Owing
to the same absence of mind, he neglected to take the requisite
quantity of nourishment, and it was therefore, often necessary
to remind him of his meals. The following anecdote has been
published, but I cannot vouch for its authenticity. His inti-
mate friend, Dr. Stukely, who had been deputy to Dr. Halley,
as Secretary to the Royal Society, was one day shown into Sir
Isaac's dining room, where his dinner had been for some time
served up. Dr. Stukely waited for a considerable time, and
getting impatient, he removed the cover from a chicken, which
he ate, replacing the bones under the cover. In a short time
Sir Isaac entered the room, and after the usual compliments,
sat down to his dinner ; but on taking off the cover, and seeing
nothing but bones, he remarked, " How absent we phHoso.
phers are ; I really thought that I had not dined."—Famity
Library, No. XXIV.. Dr. Brewster's Life of Newton.
ARLINGTON.—The novel now on the eve
o appearance under the above title, resembles, we understand,
in many of its features, the story of Timon of Athens.
Like the Greek spendthrift, the young English Peer becomes
the prey of sordid adventurers; like him also, Lord Arlington
seeks refuge in misanthropy and seclusion. But the ca.
tastrophe, in which a woman is the prlncipal agent, affords it
,s said a perfect contrast to the fate of the Athenian patrician.
