37 Lynnl. . innings
33 '2d ditto -

- n!1
- 11

Lyed at Litchani, on Friday, the

Dur.L.—This morning an affair of honour was
settled in a field adincent to Iforwiey Wood,
between Air. J. L. R-- and Mr. S--, two.
gentlemen well known as extensively engaged in
Stock-Exchange transactions. 'llll-.S--7 re,
ceived the second fire of his antagoniSt under the
right breast. lie was convened to his residence,
near Islington, and though in a dangerous state.,
hopes are entertained that the wound is not
mortal. The affair is said to have Originated in
a conversation at a -tavern in the City last night,
relative to the merits of a military officer, whose
affairs now occupy a 'considerable portion of
public attention.

M olt ANnaE.----We are requested, by one
of the family of this gallant but unfortunate offi-
cer, to contradict a paragraph which NVe copied
on Monday from a Portsmouth Paper, stating,
that " his remains had -been sent to England in
compliance with the request of his family." The
family, we are assured, have not in the least, de-
gree interfered on the occasion.--( Evening
Paper.)

At the Town-ball, Truro, on Thursday last,
fourteen baker-publicans, chiefly from Cam-
boan, were brought up, for giving away beer,
but making their customers pay the usual price
charged for strong beer, on receiving a biscuit.
Their case lir vinq, been gone Through, they were
fined 101. each for selling beer without a license.

. ,
ATTEMPTED SUlClDE.—YeSterday a man was observed at
Pepper-alley Stairs, •Bankside, parading backwards and for-
wards, in such a manner, as to create a suspicion . that he
meditated suicide. Finding himself observed he walked a little.
way up, and taking a short spring, jumped into the river.—
By the .assistance of a boat hook, he was dragged to shore,
and on being exalnined, was found to have a silver watch, and
a few shillings in his possession but the motives that urged
Mtn to self-destruction, lie refused to tell : he also obstinately
refused to go to the work house, and at length walked' off to-
wards the Borough.
The remains of the late Mr. RENNIE are to be
interred in Saint Paul's Cathedral on Tuesday
next, about twelve o'clock.

titt4llllit WitlG CI,LiB;

rIRST GENERAL MEETING

• [FROBI THE CiTESTER GUARDIAN.

The first General Meeting of this Club WaS
held at the Royal Hotel, in this city, on Tues-
day last: Ninety4ve Gentlemen sat down to
an ext4.ellent ilintier a little before Six o'clock,
with that venerable Noblenian Lord CREiVE, iu
the Chair; and 6EdRGE Wri.unAn.im, Esq. Vice
President. A meeting was previously held for
dispatch of business, when letters Were read
from a number of gentlemen, expressing great
regret at being prevented from attending this
first Meeting, and their hearty rood wishes for
its success. At the suggestion of several Mem-
bers from the adjoining district, the title of the
Club was changed from the " Cheshiie Whig
Club'? to the'" Whig Club of Cheshire and the
neighbOuring.Counties." It was also resolved,
that the next; Annual Meeting be held on the
9th October, 1822, Earl GROSVENOnj President,
and Admiral Tott:EmAcite, Vice-President. We
observed present Lords Crewe, Grosvenor, An-
son', Sir H.:E. Bunbury, Sir J. Stanley, the lion.
Robert Grosvenorl and other persons of distinc-
tion.—The cloth being removed, " Non Nollis
Domino" was sung by three Gentlemen from
Liverpool.

The first toasts given from the Chair were—A'. The King"
[ appl luso.] "
The Royal Family and the principles that placed them Gn
the Throne" [applause.] .-
" Civil and Religious Liberty all over the World" [great ap-
planse.]
" The Whigs of the Empire" [applause.]
"'Trial by Jury" [applause.]
" The Freedom of the Press" [this toast was received• with
loud continued app.'s se.]
" The Immortal Memory of Charles James Fox" [the rria.n-
ner in which this toast was received- spewed that the Meeting
fully appreciated the talents and political principles of this great
man.] . ,
Lord-CnEwr.... t'.1.11 rose ana said,tnat had to propose the
health of his Nohle. Friend on' his right hand, and he bad not the
least doubt but that when it was announced it would be re-
ceived. with that enthusiasm it so groatly deserved, he meant
the Health of Lord Grosvenor. On .ht, unnounu_inentef Lord
Grosvezior's name, the applause from all parts of the room ex-
ceeded all that had preceded it, and continued for several
minutes.

Lord Onosssaresesa then mace and said, he returned them
his most sdecare thanks for the high honour they had just con-
ferred on him by thinking hip health, especially when accom-
panied in soeh a flattering manner. He would just make a few
observations upon the importance of the day anti the occasion on
which they were met; an occasion as honourahl eto the S% higt lob
alit wasto the county and country in general. They were met to
celebrate and to keep alive in their minds the general feclinga of
the Constitution as established by their ancestors in the year
168,3, and when he mentioned 'Oa glorious struggle between
liberty and slavery, between
.passive obedience andnon,ies:st-
amen and the assertionbecame our rights as becae British freemen,
he begged their courtesy for a few moments, while he Made a
few. observations on the principles of the British Constitution,
which this Club vies eetalelislied to . preserve and he had no
doubt that lee' should receive the 'friction of those around him
when he • said that those principles animated the greet body of
the peinele generally.-(Applause,)—lteeuld net he said that
they tii). not act op to the •ptinsieles they -professed when he
witnessed the enthusiasm with wlheh the fernier toasts given
by. the Clod:lsiah had been received, 'he Means—The trial by
Jury—Li:?;,:ty,. civil and religious, all oyer the world—Th":?.
Freedom of 'the Pressa-and The Memory of a distinguished
and immortal . Patriot (applause). From the low tone of voice
iirwhich the Noble Lord spoke, we were unable to catch the
next sentenee; but understood his topic of diseouree to be a
Reform in the Commons House of harliament. One thingea.o
partleillar. to which he alluded, and tOliedi he would press most.
serioesla :non their attention, was the reduction of sinecure
Nieces, field ,ey those who had seats in the Commons HOWZ:.! of
It s:ldoui.fellta his lot to encounter hersonally the
advocates of this'aysteni ; but, unhappily, the ehiirts of
self and his friends had hitherto been unavailing, in their en-
desieour to suppress such an odious and abominable system.
He_ hoped the. dayares not 'far distant when the 3•lieistees
would be oblieed to feel that they were responsible for their
deeds ; smith:high they ought not to be too sanguine in their
hopes, yet still etc loot; the Ministers might. be made to stoop
and own a power superter to their own; and instead of sitting
in continual and direct opposition. to the wishes of the people,
be forced to act in accordance with their wishes,, and for the
oseeneral good Tether than for their own individuel self-interest.
The great object which they ultimately aimed at, was that
incerounportont of all objects--a Retorm in the Representation
of the Commons House of Parliament. This took the place
of•eyety thing rise, and it was his- most fervent wish that
it aould :lean be realised ; and in the hope of its ionise success
all most feel and wish r, prosperous termination. It vhis tot his
intention to carter. into
.the minutiso of the different plans and
clsiris respecting Parliamertery Reform, as nearly every ore!
had his own opinion upon the subject. Isle must, however, re-
joice that Grampound bad been disfranchised, as it recognised !
the greed thineiple of Reform ; and though he might anti did
regret that the principle had not been farther extaiaede and
means left of gradually throwing open-the representation of
those- boroughs to sltOl towns as Manchester, birtaingliam,
and Leeds, &ca, yet still he must congratulate them upon the
principle of Reform bring established and encoutriged by the'
Ministers and which ought to serve as a stimulus
to further exertiob. Ile should not advert to the different
points of political economy, as those were topics,. the diseus-
sion-of width: wes endies.S. If they looked at the principles
which the Club had recognised in its Resolutions, taid on
which principles •the Constitution of 1688 was founded, they
would perceive that those principles had been violated by every
successive Tory Administration ..within-the- last folly or fifty
years. and if they took a retrospective glance at. the events. of
the last three and twenty years, they would find that the great
cf the Constitution, as established by • the Revolu-
tion of 1638, t y the virtue of our ancestors; haul been coml.
tniallseinfrinecti- 0-pen with success. fie wished the restoration
of; the Payliament to a shortenduration, asnixed at that Itevo-
! lutien, froth septennial to triepniel periods. He knew it was
thrown in the teeth of the Whigs, whenever they -advocated
this ruceteure, that. it was they who passed the Septennial Act,
;and wile change tIR, duration ofPathairientsfrorn. thiee to seven
years. Put they weeld remember this was done at a time when
party faction ran hieh, when the State and !threernment were
threatened with dhe;elution from the aetemats. that: were- made
to restore the:6,4 and religiousliigetrshof tree House of Stuart.
If it was viswed es_ an . arbitrary . A ct, they ought to res
*ices the-eireurhseancieS which occasioned it, anti these who now
advocated it .;u ht to remember that it, was done out of affec-
tion to the House of Brunswick, whose existence was then
shaken ; that it was only vie wed as a temporal's, measure to meet
the peculiar exigencies of the times ; and that that Legislature
which -passed it, never for a moment contemplated the possibility
cf its existence one hundred years after the occasion which had
givta-Oit its origin: - It had'beeti continued in force by all those
who have since attained Owes.. He. mold not but regard these
As infringements upon the Constitution of England [applause];
and as a proof of tile, if any proof were wanting, he would ask,
if among toe great body of Whigs , there coup be found one
who!wouldobjeet to its repeal [applause-I ? Ask the Tories if
they;would consent to its repeal.? and their answer would be,
(appleusel. There -was not 'brie Whig throughout the
country of. E nglarid . wh o 00l el contend for its existence.—:On
-the Tories, then, should fail all the odium of the measure, as
they were now the oniy:persons who advocated• it--who perpe-'
tueted it long after the occesion which gave it birth had gone
by--eared aell4 gill -pertinaciously adhered to it. If this had
been restored, would tiny have witnessed those acts of the ad-'
ministration that had disgraced the country within the late
years ? Would they :have witnessed the numerous inroads
open the liberties of the people? Would they have seen the
suspenedoitof the Habeas Corpus Act ? and it was scarcely ne-
e-:seary-for him to risk, would they have seen those Acts pasted,
the direct tendeney of two'of which was to cripple the Freedom
of the. Press ? Would they have witnessed the late scandalous
-anti infamous transactions- against our lamented and injured
Queen ?—No. Nothing but a dereliction from those principles
could have-produced cooSequencee so disgraceful to the country
at large. but for the
.Ministers they would not have witnessed
those scenes of military interference which had so lately taken
place within the metropolis, when human blood was shed by the
soldiers. It was not the least fatal of the effects of this aban-
donment of all principle, that it tended to the destruction and
dissolution of all order and good
.government, for the event to
which lie alluded was thnsidered as a triumPlion the part of the
people, and who could answer for the disastrous ~consequences
of this prepossetsion on the part of the people? The Noble
Lord concluded a speech of some length, of which we are very
sorry we cannot give a more extended report from the low. tone
of voice in which his Lordship spoke all the time, by giving a
little advice to the younger part of the Members who had en-

, . .
rolled' themselves under the banners of the Club, and who iief4
desirous of maintaining its principles, apd those of the Constitti
tion. . He thought himself warranted in so doing, because he
had had some experitnce in the_ political world ;; his spring and
summer were gone—the leaves of autumn were shedding around
him—winter was fast appiNaching—andlime was harrying him
on to eic2cnity. He gate this advice, although he hoped that
the. principb.s they now professed they would aliaysl.etain,and
that was, that if they did change their political opinion, and
iluence to the side of their present adversarieS, let it not be done
from the seductions of power,. or the blandishments of a COurt,
but from linnest, upright, and 'conscientious motives and con
victions. If they did so, the world would soon do them jus-
tice—notitl Soon .appreciate and ie4pect their worth ; but if
their acted othcrWise,. the world would not long be dceeived—
they would be unmiasked,_ and their pretensions eitposdil. , La-
mentable, indeed, was It to consider the number 01 individuals

_ ..........._
of talents, distinction, and respectability, who had unfortUnatelsr
fallen into the snare power had laid for ' therm. lie trusted it
would not occur again, andhis Lordship concluded by .return;
lug the gentlemen thanks tor the Ininour they had done him
—(Gieat applause.)

• •
lifr. Wiounawa3l.rosC, and said he.Shbuld take the lib'trty
of.- proposing to the Clentlemeii, as a toast, the health of the
worthy ,PreSident (apidause.) On every occasion, from his ear'.
liest infancy, he had Veen taught to hick to the example of Lord
Crewe, as a model for: imitation.. He could regard his Lord-
ship in no Other light than as an honest man, and as an.acoona•
plished gentleinata He ,hoped that his Lordship's life, which
alteaya been deiroted tei the, service of his country, might
be long spared ; -that the present age might imitate his conduct;
and the people reelp.benefit from his assertion of their rights:
If he mistook not .ids Lordship Wok in Parliament at the time
of the American *Ler, ana jas one of thoke who voted against
that abominable,- odious: zed unnatural war. From that tr.o=
merit his Derdship. bad uniformly continued his opposition to
every syatbm of taxation that had its .rise from that event, and
were there no other claim to their 'admiration, thiSavas.Soliitient
—that he was the friend,, peraCilialeand political, of dint illustn-
ous patriot, whosename had been drank with such applause—he
meant Charles James Lox. Ile disdained to flatter, but truth
e3..cterted ttiee-praisea froth' him.
• /Yard CaBIVF: retifroel his mot alireere thanks for the ho-
nour they Lad dime bins in drinking his health. On the ticea-
aimootthe American war, he was in a minority of one against
that unnatural war • Lot soon afterwards had the pleasure of
seeing -himself in a Majority of fifteen, by which that abotnin-
ai.l• war was stopped. lie could only say this, that wliateVer
aiight be the burdens whili theyeople of England had to bear,
he et.nild lay his head upon his pillow and say he had not etnitri-
but.A to the slightest portion of them.—(Applause.),. -
" Admiral 'l'ollernache."a-Song, Rule Britannia.'
The Cit A: n N then proposed' the health of a Friend Of the
People-she meant Mi. Hume. His Lordship trusted that the
people of England would not disgrace thernsclve by sending to
Parliament such illetnhers as voted Upon the question of te re-
peal of the Malt Tax. lie cattle: only say, that hethoughtifihe
.penple of England were only tribe represented lily sitcli mei!, re-
presentation was but a humbug; for when at the first readirg of
the Dill there appeared a majority for the repeal in the House, a
Noble Lord salt n): a friend of his, Mr. Western, "Do not
holloa till you are out cf the wood ;" and to make gond his
prognostic, the said Noble Lord mustered his forces, and ac-
wally defeated the measure, much as it wet celculated to be-
nefit the countryeand partichlarly the agricultural interests. But
as if the Nobie'Lord were conscious of the evil, he introduced
the repeal of the duty upon Husbandry Horses, which did not,
• upon an average, amount to one per cent. throughout Enf.tiand.
Every person knew. the great distress occasioned by' the neavy
duty on Salt,' which the same Parliament had left wit-one:led
because it did riot directly affect their interests—and Cie ex-
pence weekly, in salt alone, to a farmer who kept 40 Cti:vsi was
no.less than :!,.! shillings. Now he (Lord Crewe) bed offera.A. to
supply th e City of London at one time at fide per bushel, and
he wouht mew serve the City of Chester, at that _rate if a.:lowed,
and London at 9d. These were such i,hingie as they ought to
repeal, and the freemen ought to.take care for the fixture not to
send such men to Parliament as.would go and come at the beck
of the Minister.-{A7:plausel.
.The CILAIRYIAN then gave "Sit Henry Butibuiy and the
%I'l,:igs of Suffolk."
Sir lixNßr BUNELT AY returned thanks. • _
WzoaitAllA:ol'then gave a toast —" The Cheshire W hig
Club, and success to a"—(Applause.)—ln gfring-thii toast, he
would be expaaed, as lie had.heen partieularly.active anchzelal-
ous in its. formation, to say sorhething about . its origin and
object. It wits not. to :serve any locar-politicel perpose ; as, if
that had been the objecobolder measures than those would haie
been.warzunted .by tne conduct of their adversariea. It was-to
collect the scattered rays of patiletism, which they. knew. indi-
a:At:ally did- exist, into -a foees-eto embody the shadow into a
-and to Nita a,rallying point, throughout the county.
'd Ivey coukl, riot but' with regret and alarm, the harsh, un-
constitutional, and .p.erniedeue tendency of the acts of Govern-
ment within the _lion iew years, especiatlY'the suspinsion of the
Habeas Corpus Act, and the severities exartised under' it—he
hardly knew how 'to term it—at the .unfurm :-i ate affair at N 1 an-
chester. The outrages that had been exaUed,throuahotit a cer-
tain class of the community tkom that event, had given some
colour to the tyrannous Acts. of Ministers, and served as an
excuse for their pereiltnatioh. Ifwas not long since the •Illilitary
were called out eipon: the 'people, and that, too, When a .coale
pliAnce with the wash of.the. people sftmiaiter be ctietatzd by-the
soundest policy, 'ai well as the common dictates of homanity.
The basis upon Whiehar6i-forefithers built our rights, reynaind
,• unassailable. To rounterilat, if possible, this System of mairole,
and to eneCurage every virtocuo and patriotic feeling iirre the
ob'ects of 4.1.; soeiety, Uentlemen could recollect ttie surname
toihepresent Goverfirner.t, exhibited Ey aie pure cogr.cils of
our ancestors in Parliament. • They advised With Wislith, and
acted with energy in the glenious revolatiot. Could .they th'en
suppose that the liberties 'of the poop* were net. their chief ann
and object, and that they drove out tyranny..by the expuls:‘:n of
the dynasty of the Stuarts ? They did yet discard theaninel pies
with the dynasty. When the Legislature established tiiek on-
stitatian or 1614, they declared it to be on the.priociples of laara
liameots treqneret, and elections free'ea (Applaus)o—Th eye could-
not hope to obtoin,the.r,sp,et and Willing. obedience of the ''Peo-
ple, without reverting to those principles. ,There wag no object •
they could propiale to therrist/ves' that would,comrnand the obe-
dienceand attantien Of the peoplie so Much' as' by''Ve'rieverirg, in
their demand for_ Parliamentary Rein:M.—A Load A pplaus.i.)-a;
The Constitution might to be the rallying point ; and they ovilht
still to .vencrate. -and protect it;--and while they adhered to
these sound principles -:with. integrity, . they obtitin the .
-onfidenee of the people. The Whirs-yielded tonone in loy-
alty ; he did not mean that 'fulsome .adulation of whit:A ,they, heard' such a deal •lately, but thet tree lirb sh ley.o ty,.
which, while it respected the just prerogatiVes.- of the Ctowo_
while it upheld the privileges of toe keera4 vosirot fiorialtul of -
the liberties of the people. The tieedotn ,of the.
people • were the, only Objects of 'oil good 'Cadioroteots. He
should conclude with dotr.kiesg the health of• the'" Cheshire
Whig Club.".
" Mr.' Philips, Lord '3lalYneux, "ir. Birch, and the Waogs
of Lancashire." • •

Mr. Pnu.x s returned thanks on behalf of the Whip of
Lancashire: • •
Lord CREwx then gave, " Lord Anson, Mr. Toilet, and•the.
Whigs of Staffordshire.". . - • • • - • • -
Lord A.Nsw..; returned thanks for the ,honourthey,had den&
him by drinking his health,-.and 'coupling it qtkthe Whig* ,of
Staffordshire. His Lordship concluded by giving`— -•
" All the Whigs of Cheshire." - t'.
The CiIAniMAN then gave—" Colonel linvhes, Mr. Mad-
dock, Mr. Williams, and all our Inel,Teniltnt Brethren- in
W ales." . • . -

LA letter fron-A Colonel Hughes was here lead, expreising his '
regret at being unable to attend the ineetir.g, .
Lieut.-Colonel Huoitis, in rettrning ,banks, said he ad-.
mired the plan of the Club; he was a•friend to its principle's
and those of Whiggism, which Were .in direct oppoctinn and
natural enemies to the Tory doctrine of
.passive obedience and•
non-resistance. • •

" May the Commons House of Parliament be the
Representatives of the People of
.Engl4nd"—A6reut applav se.)
The Memory of Lords Somers ard Delaware, who sup-
ported the Revolution of lea."'
Song—' Liberty Hall.' • • • •
The CIIAIRmas then begged to propose as a toast—" The--
Health of Sir John Thomas Stanley, llart.; the Chairman or the
Quarter SesSlot s."
Sir J. T. STANLEY returned thanks. •

Sir JOHN STANLEY gave—" The Committee."
Mr. EDWARD DAVENPORT said, that owing to the delicate
attention of his friendiMr.Wilbraham,who had declined a task
to which he was so much more competent than himself, it fell
to his lot to return thanks on the part of the Committee, for the
high honour done them. • •
Mr. WILBRAHA M proposed " The health of Mr. Williams,"
who returned thanks in an eloquent and energetic speech, which
we regret we cannot give.
" Mr. Toilet, Mr. Stidwortb, and success to the Plough ana
the Pail." •

Mr. TOILET, in an eloquent and excellent speech, enforced
upon country gentlemen the necessity of exertion in sending
tuch men to Parliament as would attend to the interests of the
Country, rather than their own private emolument, as the (nip
means of redemption.
Mr. SUDWORTII briefly returned thanks to the company,
and particularly to his Lordship, for his kindness in connecting
his name with that of a gentleman so well known in the•agrt-
cultural woOd. Mr. Sudworth then begged leave to give—
" May the County of Chester be as rich in honest principle, as
in valuable produce."
At about half-past ten o'clock Lord Grosvenor, Lord Anson,
Sir John Stanley, Sir Henry Bunbury, and some other Gentle.
men, retired from the company.

THE LONDON JOURNALS..

DAILY EXTRACTS FROM TUE MORNING PAPERS,

October 13.

[MORNING HERALD.]
THE KING.-Yesterday; at an early hour in
tote morning, dispatches were received from bord
Castlereagh, announcing the arrival of his Ma-
jesty, in high health and spirits, at Hanover.—
He entered the city at nine o'clock at night, on
-last Ailonday. The town .was all life and splen-
dour; the streets were illuminated, the military.
drawn out on duty, the guns fired, the bells rung,
and, the population flocking from all sides to-
wards the harrier through which his Majesty •en-
tered-all appeared animated with the most loyal
aDd -affectionate enthuslism. Notwithstanding
the distance from Brussels to Ilanover, and the
rapidity with which the King travels, his health
had not in the least suffered beyond the ordinary
fatigue consequent upon the movement and con-
fnernent of a carriage ; and even of this his Ma-
,joty had less appearance than most of those who
ccraposed his suite. The receptions, however,
were rather private ; and the addresses and for
rnal congratulations of the Authorities, and other
.public bodies, were postponed to the following
and fUture days.

[MOANING POST.]
The French Papers to the 10th instant, which
arrived yesterday, contain an Ordonnance fixing
the opening of the 'Chambers for the sth of next
month, instead of the 29th', which had been pre-
viously, but not officially, mentioned. The.new
elections are proceeding rapidly, and from the
nature of the returns already made, it does not ap-
pear that the relative strength of the three parties,
into which the Chamber of Deputies is divided,
will experience any material alteration: Most
orthe old members have been re-elected, but if
there be any difference, it may perhaps take
place in favour of the Liberals, as the Ministers
ha"ving been once more abandoned bythe Ultras,
are disposed to support any nomination which
may tend to curtail their influence. These Papers
continue to give the most favourable represen-
tations of the abatement of the fever in Spain.—
AccOrding to their statements, the ravages of that
fearful disorder would appear to have com-
pletely subsided ; and if it be true, as it is said
to have been announced by a telegraphic dis-
pstch, that some of the Regiments who were
marching to reinforce the cordon on the frontiers
have been recalled, no doubt can be entertained
of the danger having lost much of its importance in
the eyes of the French Government. - Yet, ac-
cording to other accounts, the frontiers are guard-
ed with unabated vigilance and inflexible seve-
rity. All individuals who do not conform to the
quarantine laws, and keep within the only roads
left open for communication between the two
countries, are ordered to be shot if they attempt
to penetrate on the French territory.

[MORNING CHRONICLE.]
We this day publish an interesting' inquiry
into the motives which induced the Portuguese
Government to alter the import duty on British
Woollens from 15 to 30 per cent. the operation
of 'which alteration commenced on the 15th of
last August.—(See our front page.)—By many
"Englishmen this alteration has been construed
into a breach of an existing treaty with Portugal;
but we think our Correspondent has satisfactorily
shewn that there has been no infractionof Treaty
on this occasion, and that the act of the Cortes
goes no farther than to restore the duty to the
rate at which it was fixed by the last. Treaty,
and to place it on the footing on which it actually
remained for three years after the signing of that
Treaty. The Tariff which has been repealed,
existed only under a Decree of the King subse-
(Flea to the Treaty ; and as this regulation was
altogether internal, it was in the power of the
Cortes to alter it when they pleased.

[THE TimEs.l
One precious fruit of -the 'prohibiting system
resorted to by the Spanish Government," is the
universality and perfection of the art of smug-
gling throughout Spaia. We copy from a Madrid
paper an article on that subject (see a subsequent
column), which will be read with interest by
the curious, and might (but that is less certain)
be studied' with advantage by.. the official ad-
vocates of restraints and prohibitions among our
countrymen. A. tariff of enormous duties upon
foreign goods was the first specimen afforded by
the Cortes of the progress made by Spanish'
Statesinen in the elements of political economy.
But this measure, as might have been foreseen,
has failed of every purpose which it could by
possibility have been designed to answer. It
has failed as a' spur to Spanish industry; for
no additional step has been taken to establish
or promote any. native manufacture. It has
totally failed as a prohibition ; for Spain is over-
run with foreign fabrics from every part of Eu-
rope ; and, as a financial experiment, its success
is not less signal than notorious, inasmuch as the
smugglers on every coast and in-every bay of the
Peninsula, have saved the officers of the King's
Government the trouble of collecting any duties.
The Custom-house was never so poor. as at this
moment in Spain, and contraband never flourished
so extensively. Had the. Spanish Ministers et-•
titled their law of the-tariff " A 13111 for enabling
4C certain Merchants of Gibraltar to make large
" fortunes in the shortest possible time.," it would
have been more appropriate to its professed object.
We understand that the Finance Ministers have
it in contemplation to propose to the Extraordinary
Cortes a revision of a commercial system, which
has been rendered practically subservient to pur-
poses the opposite of those for which its framers
designed it.

[NEW TIMES.]
It is really silly in_The Morning Chronicle to
evince sty much vexation at our plain matter of
fact-statements. What ! Almost three, columns
of defence, and nothing at all to the point ? The
other day it boasted of the character of its own
proprietor, and IlcoW it attacks the character of
ours. Does it suppose that these utterly irrele-
levant matters will disturb. our security ; or that

eve shall descend prom the strong ground we have
taken, because our antagonist cannot meet us
there ? The question is simply this, are more
and worse libels to be met with in The Morning
Chronicle, or in John Bull? We -say, in the
former. Now really, if we are wrong, there
can be nothing easier ' than to prove us so ;
but it is not to be done by calling us names,
nor by saying that we defend calumny, nor
byl talking of Dr. Priestley's house having
been pulled down thirty years ago, nor by
telling us that Mr. Southey is a courtier and a
Tlaceman ; it is to be done (if at all) by quoting
paragraphs from each of the two Papers in ques-
tion, and putting them fairly in competition with
each other. Let the Chronicle do this, and we
shall cheerfully leave the decision to the public.
Our impression, we must own, is, that the public
already laugh enough at the pretensions of either
the Chronicle or John Bull to purity, and apply

to tbeir abuse of each other as scandalous, the old
proverb of the pot and the kettle.

[BRITISH PRESS:I
It appears from the table of the public revenue
for the year ending the 10th inst. that, after all the
boasted increase of the revenue in the quarter just
ended compared with the corresponding quarter of
last year„there is a deficiency in the total produce
of the revenue of the year 1821, compared with
that of ]B2O, amounting to 115,0001. The de-
crease, undoubtedly, is inconsiderable, but it is
a positive decrease. The increase in the Ex-
cise for the quarter, as compared with the cor-
responding quarter of last year, has also' been
misrepresented. It, was stated at from 600,0001.
to 700,0001.,. whereas the real increase is 597,2051.
and even in this department, the success of
which is so much boasted, this increase in

the last quarter does ❑ot suffice to cover the de-
crease in the three preceding quarters ; and there
is a deficiency in the Excise 'for the whole year,
compared with 1820, to the amount of 17,147/.
We noticed yesterday that the extraordinary
circumstance of the Coronation must have con-
tributed to the produce of the Excise for the last
quarter, and we find accordingly, in the financial
table, that the items in which the greatest increase
has taken place are beer and malt. The increase
for the quarter in the latter is 488,0741.; being
nearly five-sixths of the whole increase of the
Excise for the quarter just ended. . We are not,
however, surprised that the Treasury runners
should have sought to pre-occupy the public mind
with a flourishing state of the revenue, although
aware that the fact will not sustain their state-
ment. They have only to put forward the bright
side of the subject, somewhat highly coloured,
and to keep back every. thing that might throw
a shade upon it. This course they adopted in
the quarter ended the sth of July last. It is
their common practice, and we had a right to
expect they would not depart from it on the pre-
sent occasion.
