pottima em not 0644 id one lines het ',pled the ootpl,
ration, pifther ac corpordtora or magistrates.--. Referred ;0
the Corotnittee on Co. 00 wions.

Sir W. MOLESWORTH then presented petitions
for the Abolitiiiin of Negro Slavery, from the Wesleyan
Method sta of K .lzin, Cornwall, from the Wesleyan Me-
thodists of St Colomb in the county of Cornwall, from
the Wesleyan !ulling of Tadstane, Lostwithiel, Roche-
c•bapel, St. Austell. and Causland in • he county of Cornwall.
Mr. ROBARTS presented a pe'ition from Maidstone,
praying for a repeal of the house and window, malt
and soap duties, and for the substitution of a graduated
property tax.
.Me. BARNETT supported the prayer of the petition.
Mr. HAWES presented a petition from persons pr..
fes-ing the Christian faith, re-iding in S Hitt...vat k, for the
removal of the civil under which the Jews
laboured. The Hon. Member said he trusted that the de-
cision Of the House, on the mm ion about to be brou..,,ht for-
wa-d upon t• is subject, would be in perfect accordance
with the prayer of ti e petition.

Sir G. SKIPWITH presented a petition, signed by
100 iniiabi-ants of Aleester, in the county of W.trwick,
for the entire and immediate abolition of slavery.
Colonel L. HAY presented two petitions from the
burgesses and freemen of the burghs of Elgin and Banff,
relative to the reform of Scotch borough corporations,—
Referred to th•• Committee.

Mr. STRUIT presented five petitions far the abolition
of slavery, one f ion the co ngreJati .n of St. Peitre,,
cwich, D thy, three from the naptisit eonuegitions,
and on- from tie Socie.y of F•ierrim in th it town. He
also presence I a peiion, niiinerou ly stizned, from 'he in.
hibinnis of the town of D.rhy, for a reform in tne Irish
chore-, Ind for t e abolition of tithes.

Mr WIGNEY presented a petition from Brighten, for
,h• rein .vat pit the disabilities aff•eting the J••wa.
Mr. VIVYAN pte•entrd two similtr p.•titior.s from the
members of the .1 •wiai• fwb in Swansea, and from those
of ti•e Christi n tai .h in the same ,own.

Mr PIGOTT presented two petitions from the pv4o,
of Wrrfi Id—one tor a better oh4ervanco of the Sahinth,
awl the other for a repeal of the laws tegarding new beer
shops

Mr. MACAULEY presented six petitions from the
Methodist congregation of Leeds, and one from the
Baptist congregation of that town for the abollion
ut slavery. He was strongly of opinion, from the feeling
amongst all classes upon this subject, that it would be im-
possible to continue the system of slavery much longer,
and he hoped, therefore, that the plan of his Majesty's
Ministers would be found to be a safe and immediate ex-
tinction of the system He had also a petition from the
Methodists of Leeds, complaining of the grievances und-r
which Dissenters laboured in being deprived of the pri-
vilege of having marriages and burials solemnized and re-
gistered in their own pl ices of worship, and praying the
House to adopt some remedy. The Hon. Member concurred
in the prayer of the petition, which, he conceived, did not
involve a mere question of religious toleration, but was a
subject of great national importance. He had also a pe-
tition from a parish in Northamptonshire, against the
adoption of any legislative measures regarding the Sab-
bath ; and one from fi 000 of his own constituents
(Leeds), praying for the adoption of some such measure.
His opinion upon that subject was, that the Legislature
would be justified in making such regulations as would
cause the Sabbath to be properly observed, without, at the
same time, interfering with the necessary recreations of the
people, particularly of the working classes—(Hear)—hut
the 13,11 introduced by an Honourable Baronet (Sir A.
Agnew), he conceived the House would not entertain
for a moment—(Hear)—it was the most absurd and
tyrannical measure ever brought forward.—( Hear, hear.)
His next petition was from 13,000 inhabitants of Leeds,
praying for a reform in the corporation of that borough,
which lie intended to move to refer to the Select Com-
mittee sitting on C r eirationss
Mr. A. JOHNesON d fended the Bill introduced by his
lion. Friend for a be ter observance of the Sabbath from
the attack of the Hon. Gentleman, although he did not
imagine it would ever pass the House.
Mr. J. MARSHALL supported the petition for a Re-
form in the Leeds Corporation.
Mr. MACAULEY explained that he did not wish to
east any imputation on the motives of the Hon. Baronet
who introduced the Bill for the better observance of the
S bbath ; it w. 19 of the Bill alone, and not of the Hon.
Baronet. th it he spoke.—(Hoar.) His next petition was
from 1,200 of his constituents for the removal of the dis-
abilities under which the jews laboured ; a prayer which
he hoped world be granted by the House.
Mr. DUNCOMBE preserved a petition froth York
complaining of the non-residence of the Magistrates of
t. iat city.—Referred to the Committee on Corporations.
The Hoti. MEMBER also presented a petition from
Stokesley, in the c iunty of York, for the due observance
of the Saiibath, and similar petitions from a chapelry in
Chester, from Snaith, and other places in the county of
Yolk. Also a peition from Yolk for the abolition of
slivery.
