PTEMBER 14, 1835.

Jr had not ; for the majority of the House
e nothing but the nominees, stewards and
the House of Lords. The machine went on per-
wetly well because there was but one locomotive powei to it ;
but if you put an engine at each end of a train of your rail-
way carriages, and each engine pulls in a different d;rection,
you would have first a stand-sti:l, as long as the two moving
powers were equal, and when this ceased there would follow
a subversion or a burst. It is so at present with the State
machine. We have come to a rest. They will do nothing
but pull their own way. See what a slaughter they have
made of good measures in the present session ! There was a
Bill brought in to give prisoners the benefit of counsel. Now,
it is one of the " ancient principles of our constitution," as
Sir Robert Peel calls them when he chooses to be a little
rovish, that a prisoner may talk for himself, but no advocate
can open his lips to say one word for him, except to ask a
question. That Bill was brought into the House of Lords,
having passed the House of Commons unanimously, and they
cushioned it. I remember a man who once belonged to a so-
ciety of Odd Fellows ; and it happened in this society that
somebody proposed they should have a treasurer, whereupon
he said, " Don't have a treasurer till you have money to give
him ; for a treasurer is of no use without he has money." He
was instantly knocked down and kicked out of the room, hav-
ing been found guilty of talking common sense, and the Odd
Fellows did not like that. Now the House of Lords is exactly
a society of Odd Fellows, and the Prisoner's Council Bill hav-
ing been found guilty f common sense, it was accordingly
kicked out of the House of Lords with all possible expedition.
—( Laughter.) In a similar humorous strain, but of which
our space precludes us giving a detailed report, Mr. O'Con-
nell proceeded to enumerate the bills rejected or mutilated
by the House of Peers during the pressent session. Those he
mentioned were Mr. Ewart's punishment of death abolition

bill, which the Odd Fellows found guilty of two offences,
common sense and humanity, and so strangled it—so with
the bill for amending the law of executors and administrators;
with another to remedy absurdities in the execution of
wills. That was pretty well for England. Then there was
the Irish tithe bill; first the lie was spread that the surplus
was to be given to Roman Catholics and Presbyterians, when
the Bill merely enacted that it was to be applied to the pur-
poses of general moral and religious education. Then there
was a cry of " spoliation," and it was asked, " Would you take
away their incomes from ecclesiastics?" Why, it was the sur-
plus on:y that was to be dealt with, after finding a Clergyman
for every Protestant. Next it was said that these Dissenters
and Papists were blind and ignorant people. What have you
Protestants to do, then, but to educate them and convert

them ? Then it was next said that there was no surplus at all,
and Sir Robert Peel had actually repeated it in that clap-trap
speech at Tamworth, which was the sublimest piece of hum-
bug he (Mr. O'Connell) had ever read. " There is no sur-
plus." Well, then, what harm to pass an Act to dispose of a
surplus, if there is none to be found ? It was the very ques-
tion of the treasurer in the society of Odd Fellows. Sir Ro-
bert Peel's odd fellows struck out that clause ; but they ac-
cepted that part of the Bill that gave the parsons 731. 15s.
per 1001. upon their annual revenues, though last year they
threw out a Bill without any appropriation clause, which
would have given them 771. 10s. per 1001.—( Hear, hear.)
He had a shrewd suspicion, that before this day twelve months
they would make a worse bargain still.—(Loud cheers.)
Now that Bill was calculated to do one especial good—to re-
concile thq people of Ireland to the British Government, and
to consolidate the people of the two countries. In England,
the majority of the people, he believed—though the Dissenters
were yearly stealing a few of their numbers—were of the
Established Church ; and so it was in Scotland, in regard to
the Established Church of that country. But in Ireland there
were only 800,000 Churchmen, while there were 6,500,000
Catholics and 600,000 Presbyterians. Mr. O'Connell then
proceeded to say that he would put it to those present, who he
presumed knew something of Cocker's arithmetic—he would
put it to them whether so large a majority as the latter pre-
sented should pay the parsons of the former.—( Hear.) And
what was it that these Presbyterians and " Papists" really
wanted? Was it that the surplus revenues of the Irish
Church should be given to them ? No, but that the surplus,
if any, should be applied to the purposes of general religious
and moral instruction.—( Hear, hear.) But he had not
done with the Lords yet. Sir R. Peel had some years ago
established a constabulary force in Ireland, which became an
Orange and a partizan police instead of an elective police.
A Bill was brought in and carried through the Commons to
correct this abuse, and the Lords kicked that Bill out also.

In the City of Dublin, (which he (Mr. O'Connell) had the
honour to represent—(Loud cheers)—the sum of 48,0001.,
payable annually out of the consolidated fund, was applicable
to the maintenance of the police of that city, the value of which
was something less than three farthings in the pound. A Bill
was framed to remedy that alone • and if any man present sup-
posed that the Lords passed that Bill, he was egregiously mis-
taken.—( Loud and continued cheering.) Then there was
the present state of the marriage law (the evils of which, and
its tendency to bastardize children, especially in Ireland, Mr.
O'Connell described), a Bill was proposed to amend this, and
the Lords threw that out also. He now came to the Corpo-
ration Reform Bill for Ireland : the Lords kicked that out
also. "But we," continued Mr. O'Connell, "can wait; we are
like the eels in the well-sanded fist of the cook-maid ; we are
used to being skinned alive, and we can wait another
year." But had they read Peel's speech at Tamworth ?
He there said he had read the Report of the Commis-
sioners, and he now knew that Corporate Reform was
necessary. Why be had been Home Secretary for ten
years ; had he never heard of Leicester, of Yarmouth, of Bath,
or even of Liverpool ?—( Hear.) What an innocent he was ;
a's until he took up his primer, the Commissioners' report, he
was quite ignorant that reform was wanted—he was as blind
as a bat. But he now found that a kind of Corporation
Reform was wanted. And what kind of reform ? That council-
men should have a qualification—but not that of intelligence,
general fitness, integrity, or the confidence of his fellow-ley-
payers. No ; the humbug ! but he who ought to have stood
by the people, as his father had sprung from their ranks, wished
to have a money qualification. This clause was struck out by
the House of Commons, but it was too absurd to keep out ;
and the Lords, who had mismanaged the Bill to the best of

their ability, re-introduced the clause, and among other im-
provements of the Bill, appointed the law-clerks for life ; so
that any man who might live to the age of Methuselah might,
towards the close of his days, hope to see honest Town-clerks.
Well, after various alterations of the Lords, the Commons
finally accepted the Bill, and he ( Mr. O'Connell) stood there
before honest Reformers, and put himself on his defence for
the conclusion he bad come to on that measure. He had urged
Lord John Russell to accept the Bill with the Lords' amend-
ments. Now did he or did he not do wrong in that? This was
the question for them to decide—not under the excitement of that
night, but after the cool and calmer reflection of the morrow.
They must decide by reason alone ; and not by the confidence
they might have in him or other Members of Parliament, for
they might have judged wrong, while acting on right motives.
He would tell them briefly why he was for the Bill, altered as it
was. It did away with the old self-elected corporators ; and
all the machinery by which men elected themselves or their
friends was also destroyed. All was turned out, stick, rap,
and block, and not a rag of the old machinery was to be left
remaining. This he conceived was of itself an excellent
thing. Then he found those men replaced by others, elected
by the ley-payers. It was true that the list of eligible per-
sons was limited ; but still those elected roust to that end
have a majority of voters in their respective wards. In the
next place, the proceedings of the former Corporations never
came to light.—( Hear, hear.) They had " snuggeries " of
their own, where they managed and transacted' all their
business. But under the new Bill, all the proceedings must
be open ; reporters of the press would be present, and public
opinion would be directed towards the Corporations ; and he
would venture to say, that public opinion was a greater
cleanser of the Augean stable than the turning therein of
a river would be.—( Hear, hear.) Another advantage would
be, that whereas former Corporations had never kept any
accounts, because it was easier to make transfers of money
without making entries of the same in a book ; every rate-
payer would now have the right of inspecting the Corpora-
tion's accounts.—( Hear, hear.) Well, the Bill did all
this, and there was a full expectation that we should procure
a better Bill next year. See what the Lords had done for
them to quiet the country, and put an end to political agita-
tion. They had given us a Bill conferring a power of sub-
stantial nivitcltion, and also imposing upon the people the ne-
cessity_ of dgitating, and here was he ( Mr. O'Connell) in the
midst of then); agitating accordingly.—( Hear.) Sir Robert
Peel, to be sure, told us in his Tamworth speech, that if he had
remained in office he would have given us substantial reforms.
Why he had often been in office before; and why did he not
give us those reforms then ?—( Hear.) Or why had he not
helped the Members of the lower House with their reforms du-
ring the present session ?—( Hear.) The only sort of help he
had given was of the Irish sort—to spoil the job as much as he
could.--( Laughter.) " Substantial reforms ;" yes, he had in-
sisted that Gatton and Sarum, and such other places, were parts
of the constitution, and ought to have two Members of Parlia-
ment; while when Manchester, with upwards of 200,000 inha-
bitants, was talked of, he turned up the whites of his eyes, and
called out for Protestantism, and the principles of the constitu-
tion. Had not he (Mr. O'Connell) called Peel a special hum-
bugger ?__( Hear.) And this was the man to declare that he
was determined to have given us "substantial reforms," had ho
and the Tories remained in office.—( Cries of" Hear.") Aye,
they would reform, exactly as the crab walks—backwards.—
( Laughter.) Then a great part of Sir Robert's speech was
taken up with declaring what a great friend he was to the
Dissenters. But did Peel think the Dissenters had such short
memories that they could not recollect his conduct on Lord
John Russell's motion for the repeal of the Test and Corpora-
tion Acts—how he got up, like a spoiled and petted school-
boy, and walked out of the House when that motion was
passed? Oh, what a " friend to the Dissenters !" Catholic
Emancipation, too, he reluctantly conceded, in 1828 ; and yet
he was an ardent " friend of the Dissenters."—( Loud cheers.)
But he ( Mr. O'Connell) believed that there was sense enough
in the Dissenters to know that one promise of Lord John
Russell and his party was worth all that Sir Robert Peel
and the Tories could make. He (Mr. O'Connell) would
tell Sir Robert Peel—and perhaps what he was saying
might be spread abroad on the wings of the press—he
would tell them of this, that in spite of him and his party,
and of their specious promises, the present Administration
would remain in power.—( Loud cheers.) He would tell
them that the Commons would send to his House of In-
curables a Bill for the relief of the Dissenters— (Loud cheers)
—another for the reform of the Church ; another to allow Dis-
senters to baptize their own children, to enable them to cote-
brate their own marriages, and to pay the last honours to their
departed friends, without being compelled to listen to ceremo-
nies in which they had no confidence.—( Hear.) He would
tell him that the stain of spiritual inferiority which the law
had put on Dissenters should be wiped out by the rough, but
honest, hands of the Commons.—( Hear.) Let the perfumed
and silken bands throw these Bills back from their receptacle

of political filth ; but the Commons of England would eo
' justice to the Dissenters in spite of them, and in spite of
Peel and his party.---( Loud cheers.) He felt what an
im-
measurable trespasser he had been on the patience of the
company—(Loud cheers, and cries of " Go on, go on !")__
and yet he had scarcely said one word respecting the first
throbbings of his political heart. Attached as he was to
the great principles of civil and religious liberty, still ten-
derer and dearer, and more heart-binding ties bound him to
the land of his birth. He loved her with the enthusiasm
of a child—with the tenderness of a parent's affection—and
if he were to descend to his grave on the morrow, he would do
so with a sigh of satisfaction, from the reflection that he left his

native lanclbetter at his death than he found her at his birth.
—( Cheers.) But in the course of his labours between this
and the grave, where he should certainly arrive—in that pe-
riod of his existence which was to come, he should struggle
for her on higher and more elevated ground, having purchased
the good opinion of the people of England for her, not by vile
adulation or base flattery, but by addressing their sense of
justice and sympathy on her behalf. He need not tell those
he was addressing—for they needed not such motives—that
the richer Ireland was, the better customer would she become
to England. He need not tell them that the more Ireland's
agriculture flourished, the more freely would the tables of
Englishmen be supplied with food. He would talk not to
them of exchanges, nor of the varied and important questions
of trade and commerce which were involved in the matter, al-
though all these were worthy of deep consideration ; but he
would tell them that God had blessed Ireland with the chiefest
of those benedictions that he had ever poured out on the na-
tions of the earth. She was fertile to profusion ; her vallies
were productive to abundance in all the comforts dear to man.
Her noble harbours, spacious and secure, wooed the mariners
to take refuge in their ample bosoms, but wooed in vain.
Her noble rivers, murmuring as it were with the voice of
heaven, descended from her mountains into her plains, and
ran into the majestic entrances of her seas. Commerce, ma-
nufactures, iridustry, and wealth were hers. No summer's

sun burnt her field'; into sterility ; no winter's snow chilled
them into barrenness • yet her lofty mountains and her wide-
spread plains spoke the voice of suffering. Her sons were the
' children of industry--we had proofs of this among us : they
were laborious, patient, merry, even in their misfortunes, ge-
nerous—aye, and he would say 'a brave people.—( Cheers.)
Why (continued Mr. O'Connell)—why have all these advan-
tages been taken away ? and why, while I have thus feebly
traced the defective and fading images of the natural wealth
of my poor but beloved country, why am I obliged to make the
confession that amidst all these advantages there is not a peo-
ple on the face of the earth that has been so oppressed, and
so wronged by a cruel aristocracy—who are so dependent upon,
the variations of the weather and the atmosphere, that while
Connaught has been starving last year, Munster may have a
famine the next ? It is because men hath defaced what God
bath made beautiful.—( Cheers.) Ireland has been misruled for
seven centuries by the English Government, and the English
people have acquiesced in the misrule from ignorance.—( Hear)
But only let Englishmen understand this, and injustice is at
an end—oppression is no more. —( Cheers.) Be this my excuse.
I have pleaded for yourselves ; I have shown you that-you must
better, not as dreamers, who say " Tomorrow, and to-morrow,"
and depend upon the exertions of others ; but you must better
yourselves, and make use of the chambers of the Legislature
—the other does already—respond to your feelings.— (Cheers.)
England can never be free, and who dare call her slave? The
glories of Waterloo, where the bravery of her troops achieved
the glory which others enjoyed ; the sanguinary fields of Spain,
where her valour won fame and honour for those whose only
merit was that of having lucky soldiers ; Blenheim, Poicticrs
—all assert the love of freedom of Englisdmen ; and I am
glad to be told that she who has done so much in the cause of
freedom, and fought so nobly—shall it be said that they shall
be ruled over and enslaved by 200—nay, by not more than 170
men ? Why, let them indeed write themselves down slaves, if
they allow 170 men to be their masters.—( Loud cheers.) What
care I for the humbugging talk of "the principles of the con-
stitution." I tear aside the veil, reduce this fine language to
plain terms, and find that it means that 170 men shall have
sole dominion of the rest.—( Hear.) But it is impossible that
this can be. You have made such triumphs in mechanical
arts—inventing machines that seem to require the thinking
faculties for the performance of their functions; you with
such sub-divisions of labour carry on such a magnitude of
operations, and by means of your steam-engines annihilate
both time and space. Shall a people of this kind, who
squander not their means ; but while they use them liberally,
hoard up the excess for any exigencies which may arrive; shall
they be told that they must remain the paltry slaves of 170
Lords ?—( Cries of " No, no,") What, twenty-four millions
of " Voes,'—(Laughter)—or, making some little discount
for the paltry Toryism that still remains—some five per cent.
for those who have smacked their lips over the honey-pot—
(Laughter)—of ill-gotten gains, and shared in the plunder of
certain rogues in grain, and humbugs in principle.—(Loud
laughter.) But Toryism will scon be at an end ; nay, the To-
ries are already ashamed of their name, and have assumed a
much longer one—( Laughter)--but still the period of their rich
plundering is coming to an end. We have broken the machine
by which they used to extract the honey out of the pot.—
( Laughter.) We have taken away the ladle, and the Tories
are now in the situatian of the fox which went to breakfast
with the stork ; the stork brought a long-necked jar
containing the provision for breakfast, by which the fox could
just have a smell, but was unable to get at any of the food.—
(Loud laughter.) Well, I will make a discount of some five
per cent. for these foxes, which is as dirty a discount as can
well be given ; and with that allowance you have all the
British nation exclaiming against the domination of these one
hundred and seventy Lords.—(Cheers.) You have Ireland
trembling for her young liberties of yesterday ; and manfully
she strove for them, her sons growing up to vote for honest
and independent representatives in the face of threatened ruin
to their families. Scotland is also by your side ; but you need
no allies. And I shall conclude this long—to me pleasing, and
to you, I perceive, not wearisome speech—( Loud cries of " Go
on")—by reminding you that you have arrived at a great crisis
in the history of your great nation. lam glad to have arrived
at such a time, to share in the contest ; it is a time when men
ought to be glad to have come to such a crisis.—( Hear, hear.)
When the royal power was too strong for the people, and ex-
ercised itself in attacks upon the subjects at large, the Lords
then made common cause with the people, because there was,
to a great extent, a community of grievance and suffering.
The kingly tyrant was put down, but another equally great
was set up. Cromwell, a special humbug—a sort of Peel in
his way—he assumed supreme power, and set up as great a
tyranny as that which had been abolished. The restoration
came next, and James, the son of him whom the people had
beheaded, afterwards mounted the throne, and was guilty of
the most abominable treachery. But the people did not behead
him ; they had become better instructed, and they left his
foolish head upon his shoulders, allowing him to wander about
Europe, a specimen of the folly of trying to make the people
slaves.—( Hear.) And will not people tale a lesson from this?
May not 170 other persons walk abroad in the same way with-
out any great damage to the interests of the country ?—( Loud
cheering.) I will not dwell on the different results of a dif-
ferent policy in regard to Ireland. I will come back to your own
case, and remind you of what your forefathers did in 1688. You
are the descendants of those men whose graves raise the
swarth in your own churchyards, and you are the most des-
perate of mankind if, with the present state of your know-
ledge, and power, and strength—you, the descendants
of the patriots of 1688,—allow a paltry one hundred and
seventy Lords to play the part which kings have in vain
attempted to play.—( Loud cheers.) In the name of afflicted
Ireland, then, I call upon every man who now hears me to be-
come an apostle of that new sect whose text is—" Reform the
House of Lords."—( Loud cheers.) In the name of the honest
and sensible people of Scotland ; but above all in the name of
the people of Ireland, who for a thousand years have borne the
banner of victory, and whose country has never been disgraced
by the brand of slavery, I call upon you to reform the House
of Lords. The Hon. and Learned Gentleman sat down
amidst loud cheering.
Mr. O'CONNELL again rose, and in a laudatory speech pro-
posed the health of the Chairman, whom from that moment
he begged to call his excellent friend.

TiIs().'CIIATIZMAN returned thanks, and following the example
of Mr. O'Connell, begged to call him his Hon. and Learned
Friend.

Several excellent speeches were delivered by other Gen-
tlemen present. About eleven o'clock, the Chairman, Mr.
O'Connell, and the principal guest's, quitted the room ; and,
we believe, Mr. O'Connell left the town yesterday.

Mr. O'Connell arrived in Manchester on Wednes-
day evening, accompanied by Mrs. O'Connell and his son
Morgan. On Thursday morning he delivered an open air
address to an immense multitude, and in the evening a public
dinner was given to him at Hayward's Hotel, Bridge-street, at
which Mr. C. J. S. Walker presided. He spoke at great
length. His object in his present " mission" round the
country is, briefly, to arouse the people of England to a sense
of Ireland's wrongs, and to urge them to take measures for
reforming the House of Lords. Mr. O'Connell has also re-
ceived invitations to public dinners at Newcastle, Edinburgh,
and. Glasgow, all of which he has intimated his intention of
accepting. He dines at Newcastle on Monday (this day) the 14th,
and will arrive in Edinburgh on Thursday the 17th instant,
when it is expected be will be escorted into town by a proces-
sion of the trades. He will then proceed to the King's Park,
where hustings will be erected, and deputations with addresses
from a number of places will be presented. In the afternoon
the dinner will take place in the large Hall of the Portable
Gas Company, which is fitting up for the occasion.—Liver_
pool Chronicle.

ROBBERY , -AT BARON VAuGuAN's.—Saturday
morning a gardner in the employ of Mr. Baron Vaughan,
Haile Regent's Park, picked up on the lawn a small
cabinet box, which it would appear had contained various
articles of jewellery, together with cash, deeds, &c. It was
then ascertained that some person or persons had entered, by
forcing the laundry window, and proceeded to a chest in the
library, f:om whence they extracted the box. No other part
of the house, it would appear, had been plundered. Mr.
Baron Vaughan has been out of town for some weeks, and his
residence was left in the charge of two female domestics.
ORNAMENTAL FLOWER-DRAWING.—This little
work which has just appeared under the title of "The Lan-
guage of Flowers," will prove of material assistance to those
who are practising flower-drawing. The designs which may
be formed by the grouping of various flowers, arranged ac-
cording to the meaning or sentiment attached to each, are in-
numerable, and with the assistance of this little treatise per-
fectly intelligible. The custom of sending floral letters, it will
be remembered is of Eastern origin, where, observes Lady
Wortley Montagu, you may send letters of love, friendship, or
even news, without ever inking your fingers, no fruit or flower
being without its meaning. The work is dedicated by permis-
sion to the Puchess of Kelit.

4`. ~,

SIIIPPIN (.-(THIS DAY.)

•-,: I .; .
FROM LLOYD'S. .
DEAL, SEPT. 12 AND 13.—Wind W. N. W., mOderate.—
Arrived the Hampton. Elder, from the Thames ;'. -Rei;jli4dea,
James Ray, Grayson, Hector, and the Megan, from Greenock
Lucker, from Jamaica; William Manning, - Guelph, from St.
Kitts ; Kingston, Lamell, and the West Indian, from, An-
tigua; Tegri, Nellis, from Bathurst ; Achilles, Wetherlev,
from Halifax; A.:!neoria, Mewson, from Mirarniehi; Psyche,
Gammon, from Seirra Leone; and the Factor, Cornell, from
Belfast. • Arrived from the river and sailed, the Alexander
Adam, Cargill, for Lisbon ; and the Hibernia, Gilles, for
Calcutta. Six o'clock p.m—The Atlas, John Barry,
Coromandel, and other outward bound, are getting under
weigh.
. PORTSMOUTIL—SEPT. 12.—Wind N. to N.N. W., fresh.
STANGATE CEEEE, SEPT. 12. Arrived the. HoliesPont,
Wayth, from Batavia; Oglivie, Adesta, and the Henry Smith,
Kelly, from Malta; Richmond, West, from Trieste ; and the.
Mauritania, Taylor, from Magalore.
MARGATE, SEPT. 13.—Arrived the St. George, Livingston,
from Grenada.

DOVER, SEPT. 13.—Arrived port the To, Barnes, from
Monte Video; and Portland, Ord, from Trinidad.

HASTINGS, SEPT. 13.—Arrived off port the Thomas King,
Williams, from Demerara; and Camc4ons, Mackay, Berbice.
ISLE OF WIGHT, SEPT. 13.—Arrived off port the British
Monarch, Lagbrce, from Jamaica.
DAILTMOITTII: SEPT. 13.—Arrived off port the Fred. Carl,
Christian, from St. Croix. Arrived the Mary Bains, Goss, from
Hamburg, with damage and leaky, bound to Newfoundland.
PLYMOUTH, SEPT. 12.—Wind W. N. W.—Arrived tile Wil-
liam Irving, Truscott, and Carele, Nevelle, from Prince Ed-
ward's Island ; and Hero, Hunter, from Dublin, lost foremast,
&c., bound to St. Sebastian.

FALMOUTH, SEPT. 11.—Wind N. W. to W., strong and
squally. Sept. 12.—Wind W. to W. N. W., strong and squally.
—Arrived the Pandora Packet, from Vera Cruz--sailed the
31st July, and Havannah the .Bth ult. ; William Fawcett
steamer, from Lisbon—sailed the sth instant, and Oporto the
7th; and Elizabeth, Jenkins, from Lisbon.
SWANSEA, SEPT, 12.—Wind N.W.-Arrived the Libra,
Martin, from Chili. Sailed the John Hardy, Carr, for Lon-
don and St. Jago de Cuba ; and Venus, —, for Quebec.

The Elizabeth, Smith, has put back to Falmouth dismasted,
bound to Miramichi.

The Plutarch, from New Orleans to Liverpool, iS totally
wrecked at Holyhead; part of the cargo saved in a damaged
state.

The Sarah, Sims, from Liverpool to Demerara, is totally
wrecked in Cardiff Bay; crew saved.
The Royal Mail, Rossall, lam Jamaica to Liverpool, is on
shore at Egremont.
The Robert Francis, Cook, from Shields, sunk off South-
wold on the 11th inst. ; crew saved.

The Anna, Miloro, from Cardiff to Palermo, grounded on
leaving Cardiff, is very leaky, and must discharge.
The Mersey, Fulcher, of Liverpool, bound to London, is off
Holyhead leaky.
The Plutarch (late Johnson) from New Orleans to Liver-
pool, off Holyhead lost mizen mast and abandoned, and it is
feared will be a wreck.

The Abberton, - , from Calcutta, is on shore at the Isle
of Dogs, opposite Deptford.

The Pratt,Spain, of Archangel, bound to Gloucester, is off
Liverpool, with loss of mainmast, &c.
The Ebeneza and Annabella, both of Jersey, were wrecked
off Green Island, Labrador, 21st June. Crews saved.
The Halifax packet, from Quebec, is supposed to be off the
Isle of Wight ; and the Cleopatra, from Trinidad, is also sup-
posed to be at Dublin.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

BETTING IN THE COUNTRY.

DONCASTER CUP.
11 to 8 agst General Chasse
3 to 2 agst Ilkley Moloch
7 to 1 agst any other
7 to 2 agst Q. of Trump, and Gen. Chasse both winning—taken.

Doncaster, Sunday afternoon.
DONCASTER ST. LEGT.R. (TO-MORROW.)
3 to 1 agst Mr. Alostyn's Queen of Trumps—taken
4 to 1 agst Mr. Richardson's Hornsea—taken
6 to 1 agst Lord Orford's Ascot—taken
7 to 1 agst Air. Greville's Preserve—offered
8 to 1 agst Mr. Bowes's Mundig—offered
12 to 1 agst Mr. Johnson's Jupiter—taken
No others mentioned.

PONTEFRACT RACES, TmuitsnAr.
Sweepstakes of 20 sovs. each, for two-years old ; colts, Bst. Sib. ;
fillies Bst. 21b. Seven furlongs. Four subs.
Mr. Gully's b. g. by Langar or Falcon Niehobson 1
Lord Chesterfield's Weighton
A severe race, and won by a neck. sto 2 agst the winner.
The Gold Cup, value 100 sovs. Sweepstakes of 10 sore. each, with
20 added, the surplus to be paid to the 'winner in specie, for
horses of all ages; three-years-old, 7st. ; four, Bst. 31b. ; five,
Bst. 101 b. ; six and aged, 9st. Mares and geldings allowed 31b.
To start at the distance and go once round. Eight subs.
Captain Taylor's ch. c. Ainderby J. Lye 1
Mr. Harrison's Miss Wilfred, 5 yrs
General Sharpe's Matilde, 4 yrs
Betting-2 to lon Ainderby. Well contested by Aiuderby:an
Miss Wilfred. Won by a length.
Fifty Pounds, given by John Gully, Esq., M.P., for horses, &e.,
all ages ; weights, &c., the same as Wednesday's Plate, and the
winner of that Plate to carry 31b. extra. Heats, two miles.
Mr. W. Crompton's Mayflower, 4 yrs... T. Lye 1 1
Mr. Simpson's Miss Ball, 3 yrs 2 2
General Sharpe's Matilde, 4 yrs 3 3
First heat —5 to 4 on Miss Ball, and 7 to 4 agst Mayflower.
Second heat-5 to lon the winner. Won by a length.

DOVER RACES ---FRIDAr.
The Town and Visiters' Plate of 501. Heats, two. miles and a
distance. Mares and geldings allowed 31b. The winner of the
Corporation Plate to carry 41bs. extra of all other weights.
Mr. C. Carter's Myrrha, 5 yrs C. Hornsby 1
,3. • 11.
Lord A. Conyngham's Festival, 4 yrs 2 2 2
Mr. Saour's Raven, 5 yrs 4 1 3
Captain Stracey's Glencairne, aged, 9st. 31b 3 3 dr
The Hunters' Stakes by subs. of 3 soya. each. each, with 40 sovs.
added from the Fund. The owner of the second horse to have
5 soya, from the winner. Heats, two miles and a distance.
Mares and geldings allowed 31b. Four subs.
Mr. Thompson's Agnes, aged.—T. Brown, jun 2 1 ' '
Mr. Minter's Parachute, 5 yrs 1 2 2:
Mr. Pearson's Latitat, aged
The Hurdle Stakes was won in two heats by Captain Stracey'l
Protempore, beating five others.
