LONDON, FRIDAY, AUGUST 7, 1840.

ONDON and WESTMINSTER BANK.
A The DIRECTORS hereby give Notice, that a DIVI-
DEND of THREE PER CENT. upon the PAID-UP CA-
PITAL of the BANK will be PAYABLE on and after the
10th of September next, at the Bank, Lothbury, for the Half-
year ending the 30th June, 1840, being at the rate of Six per
Cent. per Annum.
The TRANSFER BOOKS will be CLOSED from the
17th August to the 10th of September.
July 23, 1840.

IS MAJESTY the EMPEROR of
AUSTRIA having AUTHORISED and GUA-
RANTEED several DISTRIBUTIONS of MONEY
DIVIDENDS, which (though they are NO LOTTERIES)
offer many possibilities of obtaining
LARGE FORTUNES,
HENRY BEER and CO., BANKERS, PARIS,
Who have CEASED to contract for LOTTERIES, are NOW
SELLING BONDS for the said DISTRIBUTIONS. Per-
sons desirous to purchase for one of the next Distributions,
may receive, PREVIOUS to giving any order, the PROS-
PECTUS and PARTICULARS, upon addressing WITH-
OUT DELAY, a line to
HENRY BEER and CO., PARIS.
THE NEXT DISTRIBUTIONS contain
SEVEN HUNDRED DIVIDENDS,
Amounting to £72,170,
The Dividends being
£2.5,000 £BOO £l5O £lOO £7O
5,000 600 120 90 60
1,500 400 110 80 50
1,000 200
And the following Distributions contain 25,200 Dividends,
Amounting to £954,888, the Dividends being
£15,000 £6OO £7O 0 £37 10
7,500 300 50 0 37 0
3,800 200 42 0 36 0
1,800 150 40 10 35 0
1,200 100 39 0

ERECHTHEIUM CLUB;
Or, AUXILIARY ATHEN/EUM.

The COMMITTEE of MANAGEMENT of this Literary
and Scientific Association having, on Thursday, the 6th
made their SECOND SELECTION from the List of Candi-
dates, pursuant to Advertisement, hereby give Notice, That
they will again meet on Thursday, the 20th August, at One
o'clock precisely, at the temporary Offices of the Club, No. 6,
Waterloo-place, Pall Mall, to make a further Selection from the
List of Candidates, and take into consideration the several
MANSIONS which have been offered for the use of the Club.
Noblemen and Gentlemen desirous of joining the Association
are requested to send in their applications to the Secretary,
H. E. Paine, Esq., to whom all other Communications re-
specting this Club must be addressed.
(Signed) JOHN DEAN PAUL, Chairman.

13A N K OF ASI A.
CHAIRIIAN—WILLIAM JARDINE, Esq.
DIRECTORS.
Thomas Holdsworth Brooking Robert lichens, Esq.
Sir John Campbell, K.C.H. Captain rohn Hine
h. Stillingfleet Cayley, Esq., John Kingston, Esq.
M.P. John Richards, Esq.
John Chapman, Esq. Alexander Rogers, Esq.
James Cockburn, Esq. James Walkinshaw, Esq.
Stephen R. Crauford, Esq. Lieut.-General Sir J. Wilson,
Thomas Goldsworthy, Esq. K. C. B.
A untToßS—Thomas Chapman, Esq., C. F. Weber, Esq.
STANDING COUNSEL—J. Edwardes Lyall, Esq.
SOLICITORS—Messrs. Crowder and Maynard, David Row-
land, Esq.
BANKERS—Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Co.; Messrs. lorries,
Farquhar, and Co.
Applications for Prospectuses or Shares to be addressed to
the Secretary, at the ofices of the Company, N 0.62, i\loorgate-
street.
ROBERT MONTGOMERY MARTIN, Secretary.

SLAVERY IN THE UNITED

STATES.

A meeting held lately at Washington of the aboli-
tionists of slavery, and the resolutions passed on the
occasion, have given rise to the most hostile feelings
between the parties in America who are adverse or
otherwise to the views of the Abolition Society. The
resolution which has chiefly given rise to the contest
is, that the coloured population of Upper Canada
having sought protection under the British Crown,
are, though colonised by their own consent beyond
the boundary, not only entitled to the sympathies
of their friends in the Union, but stand among
the most deeply injured of the human race.
The indignation which such a resolution would ex-
cite among those opposed to the Abolitionists is easily
conceived. They call it an invitation to the slaves of
the south to run away from their masters, and an
offer of refuge in a neighbouring province, where they
will be protected by the abolitionists, if they cannot set
their masters at defiance in the United States. Con-
sidering the whole as a step against the rights of the
south, the anti-abolitionists are particularly indignant at
the southern representatives, who favour such opera-
tions. The remarkable part, however, of these resolu-
tions is one regarding a conference in London to settle
these vestions, and which increased the indignation.
In these resolutions a heartfelt interest is professed on
the part of the American Anti-Slavery Society in what
they term the " World's Convention," about to as-
semble at London, and an anticipation from its la-
bours of a powerful influence on the general condition
of the victims of slavery. Ceatain persons were even
appointed by the Anti-Siavery Society to represent
them in the " World's Convention." Such an appoint-
ment of deputies is regarded with extreme jealousy by
the anti-abolitionists, who consider it a co-operation of
rival nations in a plan which may ultimately destroy the
Union itself. Nor do they merely regari this as an
ultimate result of which the abolitionists may them-
selves be ignorant, but think that they actually aim
at a total subversion of the American Government.
The two parties seem neither of them to have acted
with sufficient discretion. The abolitionists indulge in
invectives against the whole American Church for not
assisting them in their endeavours, and thus needlessly
excite much bitter feeling ; while the other party, in
their eagerness to show the danger the Government is
likely to suffer from the abolitionists, and to prove that
their zeal is actually treasonable, rather hold up the
weakness of a Government they are labouring to de-
fend, and might, if not careful, identify the interests of
the country with those of inhumanity. As the indica.
tion of a new point to which the contest on the slavery
question has arrived in the United States, and in which
Great Britain is to be brought, if possible, to take a di•
rect concern, these proceedings arc well entitled to at-
tention: What degree of support they may be expect-
ed to receive from the abolitionists of this country re-
mains to be seen ; the appeal may place them in a
very delicate and difficult

PEEBLES SHERIFF COURT.'

JULY 1840.

4PIRIT of the PUBLIC JOURNALS.

/FROM THE DAILY PAPERS OF YESTERDAY.)
(From the Globe.)
The House of Lords will be engaged this evening in
discussing the amendments, as they are termed, made by
that House in the Irish Municipal Bill, and which the
Commons have declined to adopt, and have assigned
their reasons for disagreeing with their Lordships' views
of their propriety. Tim position of the two Houses,
although opposite, is not, we trust, determinedly antago-
ni.stieal to the settlement of this long-contested question.
In the Lords the Bill underwent alterations in some of its
most material clauses. The people of Ireland are
not to have the English franchise, to which, as subjects of
din same State, they had a legitimate claim. A per-
manent franchise of 101. rated value has baen fixed as
the amount which shall confer a right of voting. The
Lord-Lieutenant, and not the Councils, as in England,
is to have the nomination of the Sheriffs ; while other
restrictions imposed on the municipal bodies too plainly
show the reluctance with which municipal rights have,
even with these limitations, been conceded by the Peers.
The House of Commons, influenced by a desire to
terminate the controversy, has agreed to adopt most of
the Lords' Amendments. There are some, however, to
which they have been compelled to withhold an assent.
The measure is as the Bill now stands, to be suspended
on conditions, and in others impeded in its operations
by obstacles created by the amendments, which it would
be perilous to the efficiency of the Bill, were they to
become law. We sincerely hope the Lords will come
to the consideration of the points on which the final
adoption of the Bill by the other House, in the spirit of
conciliation which the Commons has wisely manifested.
The present is, obviously, no time for widening breaches
by perpetuating the elements of party strife.
(From the Standard.)

There is a conference now in progress between the
Houses of Lords and Commons upon the subject of
the Irish Municipal Bill. This is all very silly, not
to say disgusting. Thu Bill has been settled for
weeks. Both parties have resolved upon passing it in
some shape or other, and it little matters in what shape
it passes, except that the worst shape is probably that
which will bring matters the soonest to a solution, and
may therefore be regarded as the best. in the end.
The early part of the sitting in the House of
Commons was consumed in complaints of the cruelty
practised upon the Chartist prisoners, and in consider-
ing how to dispose of Mr. John Thorogood. We are
sorry to see the levity with which the complaints of the
Chartists are received on both sides of the House.
They are mistaken and violent in their opinions—we
think they arc, they certainly are generally poor men, and
men of humble rank ; but none of these considerations
ought to subject them to those " unusual and cruel pun-
ishments" to which they are subjected, in direct con-
travention of " The Bill of lt;ghts." It may be in-
deed surmised, that there is a sordid pecuniary specula-
tion at the bottom of their political violence ; it is
very likely there is. We hive rarely, if ever,
known, excessive political zeal altogether free from
some aspect to the breeches pocket. The Whigs,
when they poured forth the full tide of treason and se-
dition in 1831 and 1832, were, as their subsequent con-
duct has demonstrated, thinking of nothing but official
salaries, and we cannot understand how the profits of a
trade in seditious tracts and seditious newspapers, pre-
sent a baser motive of act-on than the profits of sedi-
tious speeches in official salary, or " bull-beggar rent."
Let us then hear no more of the sordid motives mnootimveosreofththane
Chartist prisoners, as disentitling them to sympathy and
to the public support when they tim
justice.
(From the Courier.)
Mr. Aglionby last night tnoved for an humble address
to the House for a Commission of Inquiry into the alle-
gations inserted by Mr. Feargus O'Connor in his peti-
tion to the House of Commons respecting his treat-
ment in York Castle. Unless those statements are au-
thoritatively denied, there is no real objection why
an inquiry should not be imm=ediately instituted into the
management of prisons. Of course we are not contem-
plating merely the case of Chartist or any other pri-
soners for political offences, but an enlarged and liberal
inquiry into the regulations which have been introduced
into our gaols, whether experimentally or with an in-
tention to establish them .perinanently. From all that
we can learn it would appear that what is the rule of
one place of confinement is not adopted in another ;
whereas in a country like England nothing is more ne-
cessary than uniformity. The want -otthis is a sort of
error mainly attributable to the persons whom the
Whig government has placed upon the commission of
the peace. Then, if the statements are wrong respect-
ing the variety of gaol-regulations throughout the k;ng-
don], it is a very proper subject of inquiry whether the
regulations for the discipline of prisoners be authorised
by law or not. On this particular ground we approve
of Mr. Aglionby's motion.

STEAM TO THE MEDITERRANEAN. The
first of the Royal Mail Contract Steamers, The Oriental, will
sail this month from Liverpool to Alexandria, landing passen-,
gars and goods at Malta, in the lonian Islands, and in Greece.
•We understand that a line of steamers will sail from Suez, in
connexion with the Mediterranean line, touching at Aden, in
Arabia, at the Island of Ceylon, and at Madras, on the pas-
sage to Calcutta. The steamers of the Mediterranean will
leave Liverpool once a month.—Liverpool Times.
Lord Albemarle came up to the Queen's Mews
expressly from the Stud-house at Hampton Court to transact
official business relating to the approaching ceremonial of the
prorogation of Parliament by her Majesty in person.
MARRIAGE IN HIGH LIFE.—On Tuesday
last, at St. George's, Hanover-square, Miss Fanny Le Poer
Trench, eldest daughter of the late gallant Lieut.-General Sir
was
united to Major Burrowes. The
bride Robert
is Ln eie
cPeoteor
the late
Earl
DEATH OF THE COUNTESS OF CORNWALLIS.
—We :lave to announce the death of the above estimable lady,
which took place on Monday last at the family mansion in Hill-
street after a long illness. Her Ladyship was Miss Laura Hayes,
daughter of Mr. W. Hayes, and was married in January, 1829,
to the Earl of Cernwallis, being his second wife. The deceased
lady had no issue. By her Ladyship's decease the families of
Lord and Lady Bt ayhrooke, the Dowager Marchioness of Corn-
wallis, Mr. and Lady Mary Ross, Lord and Lady Jemima Eliot,
Mr. and La)! Mary Singleton, &c., are placed in mourning.
A NARROW EscArE.-011 Tuesday afternoon,
three of the river police, named Luton, King, and Griffin, were
passing the Hermitage lock, Wapping, in a galley, when the
people on board the -Pitwerpeq steamer hailed them, and said
.4 Iffy had just-4flen overbbard from a Scotch snack at Iron-.
gatesta:irs. 'They-rowed' after him, and found him drifting
down the stream towards a tier of steam vessels. The boat
hook was put out, but he disappeared before it could reach
him. The officers rowed on, and saw him rise again to the
surface under the head of a steamer, and in a few seconds he
would have disappeared beneath the vessel, when King put his
arm down and laid hold. alike by the hair. of- his head, and,
With the assistance of Griffin and Luton, dragged him into the
boat. He was quite insensible and black in the face, but on the
application of the usual stimulants, and a little rubbing, he was
recovered, and the first words the boy (who is a native of Scot-
land)everVerdict uttered after his recovery were, " I had a canny swim
for it." It appears that he fell overboard while making the
ship's boat fast.
BODY OF A CHILD FOUND IN THE THAMES.
—On Tuesday afternoon an inquest was held before Mr. Payne,
at the White Swan, Upper Thames-street, on the body of a
new-born
in
Found
de
was no precise evidence to prove."
THE LA w.—Of the merits of the case referred
the femaleriver,inbfuantt, whetherna me unthkeno cluld.
to by " A Constant Reader" we know nothing beyond the
fact that the young man was .discharged from custody last
week after having been incarcerated for nine years, simply,l -
would seem, for denying the validity of a Commission of
Bank-
ruptcy as it
issued out against him, and subsequently not satisfying
the Commissioners on the subject of a sum of money, i3u
al-
though we are not in a condition to go into the casey* of tlllrSquires we fully concur with our Correspondent in the *
convic-
t
ion that " the law is too frequentlyperverted to the
poses by the unprincipled and unscru uloit " basest pur-
-1 a. Its anomalies
ought to be removed, its abuses corrected, and the libertyofthe
d against invasion
subject be better guarde
the • Under the name of
aw the most atrocious cruelty, most flagrant • • •
Injustice, can
be, and, no doubt, frequently is perpetrated.
HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY, -- The ordinary
meeting was held on Wednesday afternoon, it. J.
Webb, Es
in the chair. Several presentst were announced, am„gst which
was aco of the painona.Ra aviana, with another work from
tel. The prizes award
the Marquis of Brisawarded were, a large
for her
silver medal to Mrs.
,i Lawrence,tto Mr. pani
,ii general collection ; sil-
ver Knightian medals
ectabilis,' and ilfor heaths, and Mr.
Young for rniltonia
sPasian medals Mr. Dean for the same
pant ; and silver Ban to Mr. Pratt for erica
hett gardener
. 1
Mr.
„to, , to the Duke of New-
ewerians, an: ..I • "
he extract from the m t
castle, for grape.
' from July list to e corological re-
gister kept at the gardens,ja.,
1 29tb, 30.171 in , l August 4th, gave
barometer, highest,
t3er, highest, Au .0
owest, July 25th,
'19.622 in. Thermome .
a and quantityg toads 3'1,-67 deg. F.
low est, JulS' 31str45 ii,leio. 'August 18th. ° rain, 0.90 inch.
The eneetieg adjourne
a TrG. 4.—His Majesty BRUSSELS, 4.., __. .t .
presided
Council of Mims eis. troops in the
yesterday in the
Performing various evolutions.-, camp
at Beverloo are now each of three l' hero are
four regiments of infantry,ctiadrons
of light h battalions, three bat-
teries of artillery, four .1 ‘ orse, and four s ua
The appearanCL o these trooi ' q•
-
drops of lancers.
that the King will arrive ')s is admir-
able. It is thought
A French agent • at the camp on
the 12th of this month.
orkmen for the iLs
aalt-I•jege, for the
purpose of engaging
_ItN
i in the department of l'nufa.etory of
Arms at Chatelherau ',
umed a ••0 a Vienne. Since
Pads h„ ass . warlike tone, the price of
the news from considerably in
draught horses has risen our provinces nearest
to France.
MELANCHOLY ACCIDENT
TH E LATE AT
and Wednesday an
CorOn Tuesday
Lawless, Mr; Hu inquest was held
upon the boilies of Lieut.
their lives 1.) thelostof upsetting of a boat
in the Cove of Cork.
fully detailed in this
melancholy catas•
tin-the have already been
j Were that thursaper. The ver-
dicts to which the Jury
eareboat in Cork e deceased lost thoir
lives by the upsetting
of
aRo ers who as Harbour on Saturday,
the 18th of July.
i; I,lriai°r the.as one of those rescued
from the fate which attended other,, has since died.
KET THEATRE.
.HAYMAR --Wednesday was
devoted to the benefit of Mrs. Hughes,
the widow of Mr.
Hughes, for many years a most useful member of Drury lan - c
Secretary of the Drury-lane Fund.
We are haply; to state that the house was crowded. Miss
Tree appeared on the occasion L
as Portia, Mr, Charles Kean as
Shylock, and Mr. Webster as auncelot.

ALLO WAY KIRKYARD.

A meeting of those having burying-ground and
otherwise interested in this cemetery, was held at
Alloway Kirk, afterwards adjourning to the Burn's
Arms Inn, on Thursday last. Several of the neigh-
bouring landed proprietors were present, and the as-
semblage was altogether such as to indicate no com-
mon solicitude in the due preservation of this now
celebrated place of sepulture. The object of the meet-
ing was chiefly to hear a-statemeut of the manner in
which the funds, contributed by subscription some
time ago, had been expended, and to adopt regula-
tions for the future management of the ground.
After the union of the parish of Alloway with that of
Ayr, upwards of a century ago, the Kirk ceased to
be kept in repair ; and so much was the place neg-
lected, that, in course of time, the wall enclosing the
ground was almost totally thrown down, and cattle had
free ingress and egress amongst the tombs. This was
the case at the time Burns wrote his poem of " Tam
o.Shanter," which has conferred so much celebrity on
" Alloway's auld haunted Kirk." About twenty years
ago, when the locality became an object of daily in.
creasing interest to the admirers of the Ayrshire Bard,
a subscription was raised to rebuild the dilapidated en-
closure ; but the erection again fell into disrepair,
and the Kirk itself—deprived of its oaken rafters,
by the rapacity of a horde of unscrupulous relic-
hunters, who stripped the walls of almost every ves-
tige of wood in the course of a few weeks—was in dan-
ger of speedily crumbling to the ground. The head-
stone of the Poet's father had also been chipped
away in portions till the whole had nearly dis-
appeared. In order to preserve the building,
and repair, in as far as possible, the damage sus-
tained, a subscription was again had recourse to,
from the proceeds of which part of the eastern gable of
the Kirk was rebuilt, the whole pointed, and put in
a condition to resist'. the hand of time for a number of
years to come. The Kirkyard dyke was also built up
and topped in a substantial manner, the monumental
stone of Burns's father renewed, and sundryother amend-
ments effcc:cd, which have tended greatly to improve '
the appearance of the place. The meeting finally
adopted resolutions for the formation of an additional
cemetery close to Alloway Kirk. It was also agreed,
that a plan of the ground should be made out, together
with an alphabetical list of the proprietors of lairs, with
the view of enjoining the utmost regularity and eco-
nomy in the use o the ground. This is an essential
regulation, owing to the great demand of late for sepul-
ture in a churchyard destined to become still more an
object of public curiosity as time recedes.
