WEST INDIANS.

Liierpool, Friday (yesterday) afternoon.
By the arrival of the Higginson from Barbadoes in a remarkably
quick passage, advices from that colony have been received to the
latter end of March, and also from all the neighbouring Colonies
to a late date.

The accounts of the conduct and industrious habits of the
apprenticed negroes are extremely cheering.
The Barbadian of Mardi 18 says, " after all the gloomy antici-
pations and predictions of a large majority of slave proprietors, of
ruin to West India property by the abolition of slavery, the prospect
of future prosperity brightens every day. There may be, here and
there,trifling exceptions, but we can safely say that the apprentice-
ship is working as well as any reasonable man could expect. The crop of
sugar is advancing as fast as ever it did. The crop this year has
commenced unusually early ; already there have been shipped up-
wards of 5,000 hogsheads, 300 tierces, and about 500 barrels of sugar,
besides a considerable quantity of molasses. As a proof of general
confidence, several estates have been lately sold in this island at a
considerably higher price than they would have brought at an earlier
stage of the emancipation scheme. The editor of the Barbadian goes
on to state that the prospect is brightening throughout the colonies
generally, with the exception of British Guiana, where the outcry
against the new system is merely factious. The Barbadoes Papers
add that the places of religious worship in the island are
now insufficient to accommodate the negro population, and call
upon the local authorities to provide " additional accommodation
for these now well-disposed people."
A splendid regatta took place at Barbadoes. Large parties
assembled on board of the men of war and merchant ships lying
in the bay. Captain Turney gave a superb dinner on the occasion
on board of his vessel to the Speaker, several members of the House
of Assembly, gild about 200 of the leading men of the Island.
A report of Cholera having made its appearance at Martinique,
was prevalent. The Antigua Herald of March 15 asserts, how-
ever, that there was no rumour of its existence, and that vessels of
different countries were freely admitted without quarantine re-
strictions. The papers from Martinique via Barbadoes to the
13th ult., make no mention of its existence.
From St. Vincent's we learn that the Legislature is sitting, but
the'only Bill of importance before the House of Assembly is a Tax
Bill, levying an impost of two per cent. upon all imposts. This, as
may be imagined, was exceedingly unpopular with the merchants
and others, and a petition numerously and respectably signed was
about to be presented to the Council against it.
On the subject of the emancipation money for the services of the
lately emancipated slaves, the following details are given :
" The free estates will be able to obtain their proportions soon
after April, it is hoped, subject to the appeal being decided, and the
returns all received. The rest, according to the opposition offer-
ed, will be delayed indefinitely for such period as may be required
by the Commissioners to investigate the merits of the cases respec-
tively. The cases of counter claims, where no litigation is con-
templated between the parties, will be decided upon, and the
money paid before the end of . next year. It is proposed to
pay the claimants for small sums on the spot, in British money, to
be sent out for that purpose. It is stated that the slaves are esti-
mated, as far as an estimate can be formed, at about fifty mil-
lions sterling !
The recent importation into Jamaica of nearly 800 European
labourers, who received a bounty of 151. per head, consisting of
carpenters, masons, ploughmen, &c., and for whom an Act had
been passed, granting 5,0001. "in order to establish townships,"
appears to have given great satisfaction to the planters in the
neighbouring colonies. They express a hope that the same in-
dulgence will be extended to them. This is a matter pregnant
with importance.

The Marquis of Hertford will give his first grand
banquet since his return from the Continent, on Saturday next,
to the Russian and Austrian Ambassadors, &c.

MEETINGS FOR THE ENSUING WEEK.
MONDAY Royal Geographical Society
TUESDAY Zoological Society
/
Society of Arts . i p. 7, r. at
WEDNESD. Geological Society
Zoological Society (Anniversary) One, P.M.
Royal Society ... i P. S, r. as.
Society of Antiquaries
THURSDAY Royal Society of Literature (Anniver-
sary)
Horticultural Society ( Anniversary) One, r. M.
FRIDAY {Royal Institution (Anniversary)
—Athenceum.

PERSECUTION.—Can it be true that certain under-
strappers of the Duke of Devonshire, in Dungarvan, in the
absence of Colonel Curry, in London, on Monday last gave
notice to a few poor freeholders, with large families, to quit
their dwellings next day upon ejectment processes, the only
reason being their votes for the popular interest on the three
last contested elections ? We feel satisfied if such be the case,
that- it must be without the cognizance of the Noble Duke,
the whole tenor of whose life proves that he would neverper-.
secute men for the honest expression of their political opinion
_....„Waterford Chronicle.
