PARLi A ME NT.

ROUSE OF LORDS, MAnci(2.
Sothe private papers having been presented and laid tin the
table, and there being no Petitions or public business intro-
duced at exactly five o'clock, the 'mars ettAgeELLoa quitted
the Woolsttek and adjourned the noun. immediately after
five or six Noble Lords arrived with Petitions in their hands,
but it was too late.

iIVSE OF COMMONS.
MISCELLANVOUS.
Mr. SMITH, from Greenwich. Iritspital, ,brought tip flu Ac-
countsfibe number of Sixpeneea (detitiet,'d front the wages Pf
each' seaman in the Merchant Service) received by the Trett;.
surer of that Hospital.—Laid on the -tattle.
On the presentation Of a petition against dm Liverpool and
Manchester Reilroed Bill, by Lord ST43evey, a short discus-
sion took place.
The SPEAKER said, that the House had a,citletl that no
petition, relating to the principle or.,preemitile of a Bill, could
be heard in the House. .
The petition was then referr to the atmmittee on the
e •
Bill.
CORN LAWS.
Mr. Gooeu presented a petition, from the Land Owners
of a town in Suffolk, againstAhe Corn I.:N.—Ordered to be
printed.
Mr. H. GuaNEy presented a petition from the Town of
Norwich, praying the House to take into consideration the state
of the Corn Laws..... Ordered to be printed.
SLAVE R V.
Sir T. I.ETHbnlbt3E presented O. petition from the Inhabi-
tants of the town of Axbridge, praying for the Abolition of
Slavery.—Laid on the table.
Mr. TitEMAYNE presented a similar petition from the
County of Cornwall.—Ordered to be pridted.
Mr. Cu RTE ts presented a Petition to( the same effect from
the Inhabitants of the town of Brightheldistone.
Mr. R. GORDON said he was • fully aware of the kindness
of the Haute towards any individual who possessed a personal
interest in its proceedings. He would therefore beg leave to
explain a mistake that had arisen upon what he had said the
other night. He had certainly a personal interest ott the sub.
jest upon which all these petitions were fqunded. lie had (as
en lion. Gentleman behind him said) Unfortunately West
Indian property to some amount. He hadal ways as yet given
his support to Ministers on those measures; relating to slaves in
general; but he should not on the priaient Ocasion give his
support to them in any measure of coerciod they were abont to
bring forward on the subject of slavery. This, however, had
been said of him, anti he thought fight to inform the House
that such was not his intention. lie thought* would be better
to leave these things in the hands of the Crown and Civil Au-
thority, rather than the House, who would receive its mitre,
from the Antislavery Association, and thereby he biassed in
its decisittn.—The petition was ordered to he printed.
Sir R. SiIAW presented a Petition from the Chamber of Com-
merce in Dublin, praying for a Repeal of the Duty on Coals.—
Laid on the table.
Sir T. livritnaintm presentee' a petition from the Mayor
and Burgesses of the town of Axbridge, in Somersetshire,pray.
ing for a repeal of the Assessed Taxes.
HOLME SUMNER presented a petition from a body
of Gentlemen . connected with a Mexican Mining Company,
who were grossly misrepresented .in petition that had been
presented to the Houser. and in which a stigma had been at.
tacked to the whole body of Directors, whereas it could only
be attributed to a certain number who had abused the trust
reposed in them, and not to them-ell. The petitioners, he
stated, were Directors of the • Mexican Mining Company,
and he trusted that the doors of the House would be equally
open to the persons complained of, as to the persons cont.
plaining.
Mr. T. 1144ILSON in supporting the petition could speak
very highly of the individuals whose names were affixed to it.
He perfectly agreed with the Honourable Gentleman when he
said that the doors of that House should be open to both parties,
and in this case more particularly, for in the petition of one
individual a whole body of men had been exposed. and their
MC MO
charactersW; h4dup to public culiunt.:;.:The petition was laid on
• - .
COURT Otiet.4lA.N.
Mr. Secretary PEEL gave a notice for Thursday next, the
partieulare-of which we could not collect, owing to the noise
which prevailed in the House, but we understood it to refer to
a Bill for regulating some department of the Administration of
Justice.
The Right Hon. GENTLEMAN also moved an Address for
Copies of a Report made by the Commissioners appointed to
inquire into the practices of the Court of Chancery. He stated
that the Report had met the complete approbation of the Lord
Chancellor, and that the evidence would also soon be ready to
be laid before the llouse.
Mr. G. DAWSON presented a copy of the Annual Report of
the National Vaccine Board.
Sir W. Isola:BY moved for 'returns relating to Savings
Banks.—Ordered.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY'.
Mr. LocXnatt'resented a petition front the Inhabitant*
of the City of Oxford and its Vicinity, praying for the gradual
Abolition of Negro Slavery.
Lord NUGENT would take that opportunity of putting a
question to the Right Hon. Secretary tot Foreign Affairs, upon
a point of whd fell from him last night, and then he would
say nothing could be more cheering to the country in respect to
its ardent desire to see the miseries of Slavery suppressed. If
he understood rightly, these measure were the sum of what was
to be done this year, and the Orders in Council were to be the
basis of all future proceedings. The question he wished to ask
was, whether he was right in, supposing that nothing was to
be recommended for reforming the judicial establishments of
the West Indies ? •
Mr. Secretary CANNING said, that the proceedings eon.
templated by Government, in regard to the question ofSlavery
at present, were certainly confined to the Orders in Council..
Whenever a Report was received from the Commissioners sent
out to inquire into the administration of jystice in the West
Indies came before them, he shoul&have no sort of difficulty
of recommending a distinct meitsure upon that subject, if ne-
cessary. But as that Report was now before them, he could
give no further answer.
The petition was ordered to be printed.
Lord MILTON presented a petition from Halifax, to the
same effect —Ordered to be printed.
Mr. Bo OUU HAM presented n similar petition from a piece
in Devonshire.----Ordered to be printed.
Mr. Bann Gila M presented a similar Petition from the
Provost and Magistrates of Budd ington.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. ItROUGHAM--.presented a similar Petition front the
City of Edinburgh, signed by upwards of 16,800 persona, a
greater number than had ever signed any Petition ,from that
city by one-half. The lion. and Learned Gentleman said, that
although the tone adopted by the two Right Hon. Secretm its
last night was mot satisfactory, yet that the friends of West
Indian amelioration had no cause to he satisfied with the ex-
tent of the proposed measures. He wished to ask the Right
lion. Gentleman, whether the Bills were to be reetamnended
at the usual time when the Legislative Assemblies met. He
understood that was generally in the winter. Now, although
he had no great hope of the result, yet if the experiment
was to be made, it would lessen his dissatisfaction to see it
done as soon as possible. Undoubtedly the Government had
the power, and he could see no objection to exercising It, of
calling together those Assemblies without delay, and having
the Bills presented to them.
Mr. ABERCROAIBY described the Petition as one highly
entitled to attention. - •
Mr. BROUGHAM, after moving that the Petition be
printed, wished to ask the Right Hon. Secretary whether he
could have an answer to his former question.
Mr. Secretary CANNING said he was not prepared to an-
swer on the spur of the moment, but he Would take the subject
into consideration.
Mr. Hums:presented a Petition front the Provosts, Magi-
strates, and Town Council of Montrose, against any alteration
of the system of Banking established in 6(.od:intl.—Ordered to
similar Petition from the Dean of
be printed.
Mr. floret presented a
Guild and the Corporation of tkrbroath.—Ordcred to be
printed.
