POLICE.

MARLBOROUGH-STIIRBT.—A Lady of some no-
toriety at the West Send of the town, named Jane
Williams, was yesterday charged- by a respeaable
tradesman, named Clarke, residing in Hanover Yard,
Han over-square, with stealing in his' shop a piece of
Irish linen, -value 41.
It appeared from the statement of the shopman,
that the-Prisoner came to his master's shop 'he pre-
ceding afternoon, accompanied by a female friend,
and asked to see some fashionable furniture patterns.
They perit cOnsiderable tittle In discussing the
merits of each pattern, but .not finding any that
suited their taste, they went away: Two minutes
bad not elapsed before thepiece of linen in question
was missed from that part of th—e counter where the
Prisoner stood. The shopman iininediately ran alter
the ladies, And overtook Them at the end of the
street, Mrs. Williams, upon being charged with tbe
robbery, protested that she had taken the linen in
mistake, And instantly produced it from under her
lower garments. In order, however, mereeffec•
tually tO'correet 'her error, she_ was conch4ed hack
to the shop, and from .thence taken" away in..eus-
tody of a Constable. The-other lady had the-good
fortune to escape, by a firiri. reliance .on the swiftness
of her heels.

The Prisoner, who was attired in the most chill-
ing apparel, was fully committed

Til A M
.01-vic.—Yesterday Gene •Fretinan.
was fay Cci'eninitted to-NeWpte for trial, cli4rged
with . robbing a Swedish sailut nf, lus. pocket-book,
in East Sinithfixid,. a few nights since-, as lit was
walking' along the,street.- He had 'an iissociatei who
glade I~t3,esea e.

Two men were charged,under an AA of Varlia-
ment ,of the.4th of his present Majesty; t; 122,
which has not been 'affect rtipeu till tibw, One was
for picking up a ship's hawser in the river, which lie
sold.to the other, contrary to this new A6t. They
were held to the Corporation' of London
and Trinity.Corporation.shabld be consulted' upon
the occasion.

irvcHAPEt.,—Ye3ter4ay R. Piper, an accom-
plice Gkkge' freeman; cotninitted from the
Thames Office, underwent an examination, charged
with robbin4 a Swede of his pocket-book, contain-
ing -nocts, Lig Sinithfield. He was committed
for re-examination.

A man was conviaed,in the penalty of ten shil-
lingi for riding on the shafts of his cart, and nearly
going over a child.
Atnnnning• dustman was convidted in the penalty
of forty shillings for defrauding the eontratior, by
colleaing dust itsigs district.

: TxE Two GaiAr-FttsTtvALS!—While the Com-
mon Council decree a civic feast on the 25th of
Oaober, we beg to call the attention of 'the''Public
to the good things to be found in :Foitune's' feast of
the t.tith. Cirrra, NO. 8, Charing-ci-oss; begs to
say that he distributes Tickets for that day, and
humbly conceives that the
.accession of a princely
fortune, on the 20th, will give a zest to the celebra-
tion of a Royal accession on the 250.
There is no instance upon ,record of any specula.
tion so well adapted to meet the, means and:inclina.:
tions of all ranks orsociety, as ttuu, afforded by, the
Scheme qf‘the present :•:tate Lottory.4 for those who
require a very large fortune mayget Eighty Thousand
Pounds, by purchasing Four Tickets of One Num-
ber those who con .I>e contented wittt TWenty
Thousand Pounds inly ruin by the put.
Chase of a Ticket and oven a small S): tee,
which is within the means of the liemblest
inuici-
dual,`will gain him a little independence.

• Three cottages Were consumed on Monday, :it
Hallierton, in Devonshire, owing.to..a small quan-
tity of unslaked, being heupt4 4gaillAt one of
them and which kindled during tise.uigliti atter a
'llo4er of rain-. Au -infant, three years old, unfor.
tutriielyperished in the tltrnes, and hs par,-iit's, in
atteinp:ing to rescue it, experienced con4idera....ie us-
.
ruty.

FASMONS • FOB OCTOBER.

ifFRIPIION OF TETE PREVAILING PASHIONS FOR THE
Net.TH, A,S,TAKEN FROM MiNU CI. ORsi.“vATION..3IY A
LADY OF DIST iNoutsmED TASTE, FRAM REAL. DRESSES,
AND REPRESEN TED BY COLOLR Lis PRINTS; E.XTR AC f.
I) FROM LA BELLE ASSENik.I..EE; OR., BELL'S COURT
AND FASHIONABLE. MAGAZINI.," FOR THE. ?RESENT
MONTH.

• • -
The newest articles that liaVe, issued from-the manufactory
ar•.•! the ,tr,;.ed sarriets :clot imperial nontbazeeris ; yosSamer
.i!;bizes, I eatialt tiffanies, spotted cambilcs, and f.te tarn- •
nouredintislirts are -soil,- 4finch worn in lull ciVess. In the
tir, lung, c,isi nine the straw striped muslin has cninpletely
riviilkit _tire jaconit.it cautiiriC, V.IIIOA Is mow chiefly confined
to- :AM, ~net under drea,es. Shot ;niri inured twill sarstiets
toga in. fashionable estimation uttr stun" and pap-
iin ni.,,,ut•,,:ture,s are all their genius towairis
the
iini,inztion of sonietitili"g which shad tit in warmth and
• •iity with cloth, and which promises to become nut only
• Ct of scarcity, but iolitionoly.
tt le v,riety is obsereaole in the formation. cif pelisses and
tens ; the principal -article used in their construction is
. hot sal snet ; the favourite assortment tit colours, is
red anti green, red and ,browic, mazarine and red. Scarfs con-
tonne to be 1111.10n:Worti, and-they have likewise assulued a
inure luxuriant hire and texture ; we have noticed several
brient jouquia le.' 'file pelerine in white -tiffany, lined
with satin and trimmed with swansdown, is truly elegant.
round tippet in pink, or white satin, with handkerchief
• raged with lace or swansdown, crossed over the bp,
so,n, and tied behirxt with -a bow of 7bband, is very genteel.
M.inties ui every
,pussible form are still to be seen ; the ;net-
w•-.• icd seer: has a w ra;) trout attached to the shouider,
• confined to the figure by a sash passed round the back
• brought to toe in a Dow before,
Moaning and w diking dresses are still made- high in the
neck, inn...eitnout collars; to lace up the front, and trimmed
:mono tile throat and wrists,with a double row of shell lace.
In tint or evening dress, the backs of gowns are made
and rather t;gn, without linings, let in at the but-
tom at the waist with an easy fullness ; the bosoir,s are worn
low, and shoulders' Much expbsed, the sleeves long, and
• Mostly ot lace ; trains still continue a. very moderate length ;
_the 1 avourite sash is of the bias corded ribband, tied on the
lets side with small bows and long ends, we have noticed
Soule pew jackets and petticoats. but the Spanish costume
has decl ned a lull in favour. We had. an opportunity at a
. late splendid entertainment at remarking on a lady celebrated
for her rank and neauty, a dress, which we consider worthy
of distinettoon ft' was ot white tiffany, with an applique of
• white satin crescents round' the ,bottorn and brought across
the figure, terminating en the-lett side, forming a drapery ;
the sleeves ;nod b..-suitt to correspond, with a hemming ot
di-
minighed size. • - •
• • ,'I Ir. straw bonnet, of whatever shape or dimensions,. is
absolutely discarded froth all fashionable promenades; the
" lace cap, or an intermixture ot satin and lace, maintains its
superiority ;' we have noticed on one of -our leading belles a
cap of oriental bilk, which nas the eff'ec't of embossed
sants feathers, confined under the chin by a Turkish hand-
kerchief, the ends brought to tie in a rosette at the right side,
ornamented with a deini tiara of Indian leathers.
'l•lie witching bonnet in pink satin and lace, is distinguish-
ed for its airy elegance.' The crown is in the cone form,
made to sit. quite plain, and confined in at the back ot the
head by a hand of ribband. lie front is cons7ructed ofal-
ternate Stripes of lace and ribband, supported by a light wire
' !rime, bound over with satin ;it is brought down more art
the lett side, and fie. in a careless bow on the right ; and suf.
fici,nt I y- raised riorn the face to admit underneath a Lull short
wreath of heath or gerailitn.
Four lows of blond, or Oband, in whole plaiting at one
edge, 'sewn together, terming, a - lons rosette, and overcast
on the °tiler with coloured chenille, called a ruche, is a fa-
' vourite aaetttion to lace or satin cap..
No material change has taken place in the.mode of wearing
the hair, it is ytiil atter the Nlactona, or C. recian.manner,
or
114illeiltt(i with lace veils and crunches of flowers.
' • •'lClie prevaliing colourslor the season are-jonquille, gera-
: ninth, rose,- and naaz,acitte ; the fashionable 'mixtures are
red and green, lea and brown, red and blue, and amber and
w trite.

EAS iliaN S LAI) IZSaid GENFLE.III,OI.

FROM " ACKEicNIANWS REPOSLTOILY 07 ALTS, EASHLOSS,
24.1.NUF4CTUitii.S," iSLC.

FASHIONS FOR LADIES.

• • -
ABA I;L-DkE6S.—A light blue, or grey chemise robe, of
rossamer net, imperial crape, or'gpanish gaute, worn over
wrote pealing satin, ornamented up the front with French
bows and knots of silver. A tull: melon sleeve, formed ,of
the same. material as the dress, and alter. ate stripes of
'white satin rfinished with bovislind knots of'silver. A.dou-
ble roll of white satin wand the neck of thelobe, by way of
tucker. .i-kair falling in natural. and irregular curls on the
forehead.; confined in a bow and curled ends, or in plaited,
orai.ls•at the back of the head, with a diamond comb. Dia-
mond 'bandeau, with necklace, arnii' ts, and drop ear-ringl of
the saute. Slippers of wiiite satin, .with silver clasps.
French kid gloves, ..just escaping the elbow. Fan Of calved
ivory. -
' tV ALktNc-ARLSS.—A fine cambric or Indian muslin high
gown, wish long sleeves and falling collar, ornamented at the
feet, and round the neck, with .appliqued lace or needle.
Work. Deep amber broach, or gOld tiligee buckle, confining
the (tress at the throat and waist, with bracelets eta suite.
Gold chain and opera glass., The woodland hat of tine
plated straw or chip, with ostrich tr. tiler tailing on une side.
A I reach cloak ofbright purple sarsnet or velvet, lined with
amber or rose colour, and trimmed entirely round with broad
blacklace-and beading. Purple parasol, with deep white or
amber awning. Slices and gloves of bull kid.
N. B. Therelis no change in gentlemen's dresses since our
last.

P.,LECTRICAL CONDUCTORS.

Many persons have attempted to create a doubt
'respecting the usei. loess of Electrical Conductors.
The following went, which took place in the neigh-
bpurhood of Munich, in the course of August last,.
will fuliy s indicate their saving property :
• ". At the beginning of last August, 25u Men were •
occupied in the laboratory of the 11,)yal Artillery in
making cartridges. They were surrounded with
gunpowder on every side, and other workmen were
employed in the upper stories in prepating powder.. 1
" About tWO'o'CloCk the darkness of the weather
announced an -approaching storm. The inspector
pointed it out to the workmen, and ordered thetn to •
suspend their labours ; but at that very moment the
lightning struck the. edifice, and shook it to its
tnundations. A window was burst open; the lead •
on the outside thrown in,, and a quantity of car-
tridges scattered about the room. After passing
through every room, although the doors were shut,
and casting several workmen senseless on the floor,
the ligiltning departed through another window on
the northern side of the building, the leads of which
it rolled up in that diredion. All this happened in
a few seconds.
"No sooner were the workmen recovered from
their -fright than they hurried away, thinking the
whole laboratory would be blown up. But nothing
of this kind took place. It is therefore evident that
the etleets described were -not produced by the
lightning—, but by the pressure of the atmosphere, to
which alone ought to be attributed the breaking,of
the window/s and the fall of the workmen. The con-.
duClor thus saved the laboratory and a large pOwder
magazine."

[EXTRACT OF A LETTER.]
PALERMO, AUG. 6..—An expedition had been pre-
paring here on the grandest scale of our means for a
long time, and the most splendid expeCtations were
universally entertained of its success. The, prevail-
ing opiniein was, that it was destined for Naples;
with the object of re-establishing Ferdinand the.
IVth on his Continental Throne ; indeed, from the
formation of the army and -the spirit of the procla-
mations issued, the expeClation that. the attempt
would be made was justifiable. Sir John Stuart,
with his army, about 15,009 men, sailed from •Me-
lazza file latter end of May ; he was soon after
joined by a division of Sicilian troops from Palermo,
under the command of one of the Royal_ :Princes.
He was to be reinforced, as we' understand, by 6000
Sardinian troops--however they never joined 'The
day after his departure from Melazzo, he detached
one brigade, consisting of the toth toot and Chas-
seers Britaniques, udder Lieutenant-Colonel Se.,•,b,
to Messina, for the supposed purpose of reducing
Lower Calabria, and joining him mer-land. _The
tiwt continued hovering on the Calabrian coast for
about three weeks;' at length they. entered the Bay
of Naples, and alter a weak resistance of a few days,
took possession of the Islands of Ischia and Procida.
A smart engaerbetneet took•place between our frigate
'the
-Cyane, and the Neapolitan frigate, I think called
the c erarei in which ours most conspicuously main-
tained the charatter of the British Navy. The
Centre was three times 'recruited_ from the shore,
within a short distance of which the action took
. place. Murat himself at length went on board; the
result was; her retreat into the interior of the Bay,
after,--..as it is said, she had three times struck her
colours. Captain Staines of the .Cyane, her First
Lieutenant, and several Officers and men, were very
badly wounded. • I believe they had but few killed.
About this tittle a very.gallant affair took place be-;
tweet) the gun-boats; we took a great number—
the rest were driven on shore.
Immediately that the French in Lower Calabria
learnt the *departure of the ExPedition" front Me-
lazzo, they concentrated their tOrces at Monte Leone,
leaving a weak garrison in Scilla Castle: •We im-
mediately landed two detachments, one at Reggio ;
the other, consisting of the brigade sent from the
army, reinforced by the 21st regiment, commanded
by Colonel Smith, tor the purpose of reducing Scilla.
This latter operation was proceeding in about a fort-
night, and with every prospect of a speedy termina-
tion, when the sudden re-appearance of the Freuch,
about &ow in number, induced a very precipitate, re-
treat from boil plaices. At Scilla we were obliged
to leave all our stores, lind,a considerable quantity of
baggage: About a week before a detachment of g 0
men of he' 2.,15t regiment, commanded by Captain
D. Mackay, of 'that regiment, sent from Colonel
Smith's Corps for the proteet ion of the inhabitants of
Palmi,_vv.ere surprised by the French, and carried off.
,captain Hunter was killed .in this afThir. .To our
very great surprise, a few days after the embarkation
of cur troops' from Calabria, the French .bl6w up the
works of S-cilla, and again retired. We immediately
sent a very strong 'iv orking party' to. SeilkHry bring
off the stores the enemy had not time either to de-
stroy Or carry off; and also a small detachment to
Reggio, more for the proteCtion of.the inhabitants
from the excesses •of the masse, than from any mili-
tary view. We were not allowed to•enjoy :long this
peaceable acquisition acquired on the 4th, instant,
fOetin the Btti the sudden return'of the enemy oblig-
ed us again to re-embark. Thus ended our Conti-
nental campaign. The army arrived yesterday at'
Melazzo.—So much for the Sicilian Expedition,
which (as,we imagined) having for its object tio less a
desi.gh than the expulsion. of a Monarch, the extir-
Vaiion of au army, and the re-establishment of a le-
gitimate Sovereign, has ended in the conquest of.
llifitia and Peocida, -which, after retaining a ,few
'Nireelts, are abandoned. However, it is not doing Sir
;John Stuart justice to seappoSe that.his views could
shave been confined to such trifles, and if his obje&
was to create a:diversion, I do not know but what
rile May have succeeded. It has been rumoured
that a rupture took place between Sir John Stuart.
and the Sicilian Prince; certainly the latter left him
and the Sicilian troops a very short time after their
departure froM hence. We are now kept alive' in
the idea that - the- Toulon fleet, with troops on
board, is destined for a descent on Sicily.
--. •

As from the wetness of the late summer, there is
a probability of inuch.melted wheat, it may be useful
to stte,.that by putting two ounces of ground rice to
a peck Of meal or flour, and making the dough toler—
ably stiff:it will• make the bread nearly as good as if
the wheaf was in the highest perfe6tion.

OLD .13/11LEY, SEPT. B.

James Hewitt was indicted fora misdemeanor; in

having, in the month of August last, contrary to an
Ad posed in the reign of George the 2a, seduced
an artificer of this .country to leave the Kingdom.
From the testimony of the witnes,es.examined; it
appeared that the Prisoner, although recently from.
America, is an Englishman, and had lately frequent-
ed a public-house called the York-Minster, "konnedi-
atelyin the vicinity of the tadory of Messrs.LeWiS and
Hughes, Burrhill-ro,w, wl►o on public prikiciples have
very laudably undertaken ►he present prosecution. To
this houseihe work men in t he employ of Messrs. Le wis
and Hughes usually assorted,. and *amongst others a
man named Hutchinson,. who had been formerly
apprenticed from the Parish of St. Martin's to, a cot-
ton manufactory, near Manchester, Af►er serving
his apprenticeship, he came to London, and was
employed in the service of Messrs. Lewis and Hughes
in thecalico,dying business, and was in fact returhed
a fair workman.. .This man the Prisoner frequently
met, and by glowing representations of the .advan-
.tages of great wages, he w•as likely to obtain by going
to America, induced him to agree to emigrate for

. . .
I the piirpose of be6g employed in a cotton manu-
faaory lately established at a place called Cooper's'
Town, in the Province of New York. ' Mr. Hughes
having heard of this negotiation, sent for the Pri-
soner, and remonstrated with him on the illegality,
of the steps' be was pursuing, forewarning him at
: the same• time, that, if he persisted in his Jelin
quency, they would punish him with the rigour of
the law, acquaithing him that Hutchinson-was un-:
j der an engagementjo them for a term of years, and
j an artificer in cotton. • The Prisoner then faithfully
promised that be would relinquish his intentions .
In a few days, however, Mr. Hughes discovered that
Hutchinson was making preparations for his depar
ture, and that his passage had actually been taken on
, board the Henrietta Charlottafor New York. The
' Prisoner was i hen apprehended, and on being brought
beforea Magistlate. produced a receipt for 121 \dol-
. lars,,paid by him to the Mate of the said ship. for
l-lutchinson's passage and his own ; and also a pro-
missory note ut Hutchinson for 2QI. ios. for hie
passage, and for other monies advanced him by the
Prisoner, to' be repaid oat of the produce ot his fa-
boor in America. The Prisoner's defence then was,
that Hutchinson came agaifi to him, and said lie
had had his masrer's permission. to leave the 'coun-
try, and that from his solicitation he was induced
to pay his passage out.-,--The witnesves called by the
Prisonerrat her corroborated than disproved the case
on the part of the prosecution. .
The COMMON SERJEANT, who tried the case, in
summing up toe evidence, dwelt with peculiar force
on the mischievous tendency of the crime with which
the Prisoner stood.charged, which, he said, was most
materially connected with the manufacturing inte-
rests of this-country, and was deservedly punished by
law in a most examplary manner ; the Legislature
having decreed that persons, convicted of such an
offence, should be subject to twelve months -im-
prisonment, and to a penalty of 50U1. ; cautioning,
at the same time, the simple and unwary against
being seduced by these golden dreams 10. leave this
land of real liberty for countries that only bear the
name; where the promises held out to them are never
realised, and where their passage and maintenance
are wrung out of their wretched earnings in shoal
(ions but little short' of slavery. .
The Jury, without a moment's hesitation,. re-
turned a verdia of Guilty.
Hutchinson, the artificer seduned, was then tried
under an Aa,.passed in the sth of George the First,
which enacts, •That any .artificer., pariiculat:iy in the
manufactures of cotton, wool, silk, mohair, tke..who
should be convicted of, or deteded in preparing. to
-leave the kingdom, tot the purpose of devoting his
knowledge for the benefitiand advantage of foreign
countries, not within the British dominions, should
'be bound to enter into recognizances himself, and
two sureties, fur remaining.in the country.
The evidence 'in the former case was again gone
through, and-the Prisoner was found Guilty.

Yesterday the Sessions being ended, the Recorder
passed sentence on the following,prisoners,•
Mary Sullivan, John Wood, Mary .Ann Gold-
smith, Joseph Levy, Mary Wilby, Martha Hewson,
William Warren, were ordered to be transported for
fourteen years. ,
*Fifty- two were ordered to be transported for;the
-ternyof seven years, viz'. .• -William . Bland, • Henry
May, Thomas Bignell, Hannah Laws, Rohert.Evans,
Thomas. Richardson; Jane Fisher,George Gee, Jaiues
Simpson, John Drummond, George Reading, Joseph
- Bellamy, Eleanor Brow n,-Dorninick Connolly, Hugh
Thomas, Peter D4nn, Peter Hunt, James. Hobson,
Joseph. Dolphin, Richard Hemmings, John Phillips,
Daniel Richardson, Robert Smith, Benjamin Wotte,
alias Brown, Richard Hanson, John Squires, Mary
Thomas, Thomas Daniels, George Vibe,
Joseph
.Beach, William Smith., Catharine Con-
- nor, Mary Preston, Michael Mordecai„ Ttioinas
Parsons,'Thomas Sinith, Williarniiirdi,John Wood,
''James Casey, John Line, Henry Westerman, JOhn
Williams, John: Sullivan, Wm. Lane, Qat I tlrue
Lines, James Hill, Julin_Edwards, George Cooper,
Thomas Macnamara, Ann Goodman, Mary ,Ciarke,
and Michael Murphy. •
Benjamin Johnson. and Joseph •Hitch were order-
ed to be imprisoried'in the ,House of Correction at
Clerkenwell for two years, 12 were ordered to be,'
imprisoned in thesame.gaol for 12 calendar months,
28 for six calendar months,. 8 to be imprisoiled
- Newgate for various periods, -seven .to be pubilciV
and -ten privately whipped, six judgments were rt--
spited, and seven were: fined is. each,- and dis-
charged.. .
Sessions adjourned to Ist of November,

. . .
Thursday. morning, a serious aci4dent happened
in,Blackfriar's•road ; a chaise beirig.left
one in care'of the horse, the look iri.,;ht, it is
supposed through the wanton mischief of SUllle
idle
boys, and ran furiously along the road; till meeting
with obstruttion, it took the wide foot-way opposite
the Rev. Rowland Hill's Chapel, and was not, stop-
ped till it had beaten down one man and three: chil-
dren, two of whom, a girl of nine years of age, and
the other nearly seven., were seriously 'hurt, and are
not expelled to recover.

The:TriunipWal Arch eredel iu the Carousel at
13.,T}A, by order of.:Buonaparte, to immortalize the
glory of the French armies, DOW entirely finished.
It faces the ThuWeriei..bii the one side, in the di-

redo❑ of the 'Vestibule, and the Louvre on the
other. It is forty-fiVe feet in height, sixty in

len4th, and twenty add "a h.if in thickness. -
The triumphal arches built by S-,ptiorms Severus
and COnStallfille seem to—have supplied a. model
for the present monument. Like those, its length
- is di%, ided into three arcades, but it has one be-
sides, which running a transversal dire:lion,
passes through the middle of the others. The width
ut the inicrdie arclide is fourteen feet, anti that of
the others eight feet and a halt. The Whole edifice
it built with a kind of stone of a fine grain, and join-
ed with the greatest care. Eight columns of Led
marble of Languedoc. adorn the two principal
sides, and support a projecting cornice of
marble, on ullich eight statues of the same material
. are placed. 71lies•e column:, are of the Corinthian or-
der, and their basal and capitals are of bronze. The
top forms a double iocle, which is crowned' with a
. quadriga. The vaults of the lateral atches are adorn-
.
ed with thunder-bolts, laurel boughs, palms, and the
monogram of the Emperor.. In the centre of tha
vault of the middle arch, the,ornameniSUt wtnuu
•
consist of caissons, a basNo relieve hai' beeri placed,
representing Napoleon in
.his Imperial robes crowned
by victory. ThiS piece of sculpture,
.Which is seen
horizontally, was ex,cuted by Lesucur, and the Rt-
...

ver Gods, which occ,:upr the ;ides,byßoichuc.

All

the ornaments are tro;ii the chisel of Messrs. Gor-
gery and Benier, with the exceptiou of the military
trophies placed at the outside. ot the inferior ihcacs,
which were executed by Mr. Montpellier. Messrs..
Taunay and' Dt.ipa'squier prOdu-ced -the tour figures of
Fame, pLced on the outside of the und,iie arch. The
two on the side of the Thuilieris:s are by the former,
-and those on that of the Louvre by the latter.
Above the iatelior accites, basso relle%os in whine
marble are placed, which tepreseindsewrol actions of
t campaign of 1805,
.whtch are explained ny,
Fienth iworptionn, ,written utaerneatikin gold lei-
, tors on ItiLau marble. The following arc: the sub-
-01. thesZt'tmsso-relievos.--The inters ii. v ut Lite;
two Emperors, by Mr. Ramey ; Napoleon's entry
at Munich, by Mr. Unction his entry at Vtemia,
by Mr. Deseinne; the victory of Austerhtt, by Mr.
Espercteux ; . the capituhition of Uitn, ,and this
Peace of Presliurg, by Mr. Lesueur. "the latter is

the orly subject-tr7cate-.d ih an aile6.irieal cilantivr ; in

all the others, great attention h:is been paid to give
an exact likeness of the scene, as well' as of thv
chief characters.
Above the basso-relievos there is a kind of frieze,.
composed- of children carrying laurel wreaths ; and
higher still, small basso-relievos are seen represent-
ing allegorical figures, holding the arms of the Em-
pire, and those of the conquered nations. 'Ftloste
ha. e been executed .by ImC4l S. Dumont,
Callamar, and Fo+tin.
We have already stated, that the eight red marble
columns were surmounted with as many statues nse
white tnatble; we will. now descriue tile latter.
The first, by Mr.' Dumout, represents a pioneer
the second; by Mr..bridan, a cannoneer; the third, uf
Mr. Moutoni, a foot carabtucer ; the fourth by Mr •
Dardel, a grenadier ; the fitly, by Mr. Cilluard,
horse carabineer ; the sixth, by Mr. FOucon, a.borS°
chasseur ; the seventh, .by the tate Mr. Ciab,:t, a
draguou ; and the eighth, by Mr. Miumiy; z cui1.,15•
sier.

The quadriga, which stirrnounts this monument,
is the wyt4. ot, Mr Lenw;,, with the exception of,
the horses, Which are the:antive. and celebrated
horses well known under the appellnkion of Co-
finthian horses, and ren.oved frOin- Venice, when,
it was conquered by the F.62ncli: armies. The t'.
figures,of Victory and Peace, by which they are heldp
the car, and the figure which will be placed in it, at')
of gilt lead. • .
Over-the middle arch are two,tabies of white mar-
ble, on yyhich will be engrave ytions w hitt)
the third class of thejasinute arc now employed
preparing.

On Friday last, on the.ebing.of the tide at Dublin,
an unusnai circumstance o,curre that part of
the bed of the Litiey, between the Walls of Ormond
and E'Asex Quays, a great nu t:ber of "fish, mostly
eelS, some of them of a. very (At aordin try size, were
perceivedy,ipparently lifeless or motionless; a puny
ber of petsons went down, and upwards of (iu tji
these fish-were brought on : it is• cer-
tain thei had not been dePo,ited there previoni t,O
the preceding flow, and n
,is c.illjAtuted that some-
thing of a no:tions quality, c.Aitlg.ous mann'
factory, had, thro.lo th•• of cue CULIIII3OI4
sewer, tm!t then) in tfcuisild.

StiiF .A'EJPS.

GRAVESFND, SEPTEMBER

Arrived—tic bliiut, l',irker, True Br.-
ton, truce; Cato, Pi" 1"
lips,- from •Cll:trliuv,ll,; truiu 14.1-
vAnnall ; and the
Sailed 7slle, iur ;
Provi,ltne; for TcntriiFf ; blur, tililith, fur Atl,l-
- ; Avis,Al.ipif !or .„11u41.aug,..;a,ai tile sir
CoLtuo, iatfl Ru..,11,,r,. ;
