EMIGRATION.

Mr. WILMOT HORTON rose to present a petition
upon this subject; but did not wish for discussion at ere:.
sent. He, however, save notice, that after taster, at an
early day, he would endeavour to prbtoke a discussion,
and submit resolutions to the House, which lie would id
the interim have printed, and circulated privately alhongst
the Members, that they might come down prepared upon
the subject, and thus he enabled in one night to settle it.
Th.: petitions, which were from the operatives of Ha-
milton, Paisley, and Breadalbane, were then read, and laid
upon the table.
AMERICAN

Sir ROBERT WILSON, in rising to bring forward
his motion for a Return of the Official Value of Exports to
the States of South Atueriea; said that he felt stime erbbar=
rassinent, becanse he had to reply to accilsatiobs against
the South A:nerican States, which came not from un-
known or irrespensible parties, but from those who, by
their weight and station, gave greater poignancy to the
charges they brought. He did so, however, bemuse he wan
desirous that the South Ameriest Stab tholild see, that if
there r'ere oetttJet tiThb traduced them unjustly, and used
harsh and severe language towards them in this country, that
there were also others who, wholly disinterested, would come
forward to defend and vindicate their character. It did
unfortunately happen, that the South American States had
enemies in this country---persons who saW With regret
their emancipation from tyranny; and Who did not look
upon them with a friendly eye, because they had released
themselves from those aristeetatic pretensions, which, how-
ever respected and respectable, were snore frequently ac-
companied with injury than benefit. There were also per
sons who had the same feelings front party motives, and
who, from dislike to that great man who had interposed
the iEgis of England between South Ametiea and the
Powers confederated against them, were disposed to under.
value what he had taken so just a pride in bringieg frieward,
That attempt, however, was vain, as the name of that in-
dividual was consecrated by America whilst living, and the
order of respect to his memory, which had been published
by the Government of Mexico, and by the Liberator of
Colombia, had been merely a compliance with the unanimous
feelings of the people. The Hon. and Gallant Member
then said, that the charges made were, that one State, for
unworthy motives, preferred a corsair war to the benefits
arising from peace and industry ; and the next assertion
was, that the trade with America generally, was of com-
paratively little value to the British Empire ; and the
third charge was, that in all pecuniary transactions with
this country, these States bad played. only the character
of swindlers, and had brougfit nothing but infamy and shame
on themselves and their friends. With respect to the first
charge, that Buenos Ayres only' carried on a corsair wsr-
tare, to the prejudice of others and the benefit of them-
selves, the reverse was the fact., because Brazil was the
only State which gained by it, and, at all events, before
these charges were made, it should be shewn that Buenos
Ayres had rejected the propositions which had been made.
Here the Von. Member went into details of the trade of
Buenos Ayres during the years 1823, 1824, and 1825,
shewing that their experts averaged eleven millions of dol-
lars, and their imports eight, the profits of which were
much greater than any they could derive from a state of
war. Then, as to the value of the South American trade
generally, the value of that to Brazil, from 1822 to 1826,
amounted to between fifteen and sixteen millions sterling,

while to other parts of that continent it came near to fif-
teen millions, and those sums merely comprised the direct
trade with England, although it was perfectly known that
it was much greater through Jamaica and other islands,
which had constant intercourse with the Spanish Main.
All the accounts too which lately arrived, shewed that
those States were recovering from the depreciation
caused by the supply being at first greater than the de-
mand, and that the consumption of British manufac-
tnres was incredibly on the increase. He did not deem
it necessary to go at length into mining speculations,
but thought that if properly managed they might ulti-
mately succeed; there was this strong argument, that in
Mexico alone, the quantity of bullion produced from the
year 1733 to 1826, was on the average 3,000,0001. ster-
ling per annum. He then proceeded to notice the advance
made in refinement and civilization, the number of books
and pamphlets that were circulated there, and the general
extension of intellectual and moral culture. He also:called
the attention of the House to the circumstance of slavery
having been abolished. It was to the consumption by
these countries of our manufactures that we were to look
for the employment of our population, and it would ill be-
come us, like so many children, to be pettish and discon-
tented because a temporary re-action had occurred. Co-
lumbus did not change his course, though apparently ad-
verse circumstances arose ; neither should this country, on
the first appearance of unfavourable circumstances, give up
all th it she had so nobly achieved. It was alone by per-
severance that we could hope to reap the benefits of what We
had accomplished. The last charge to which he would ap-
ply himself was that of swindling. The South Amecican
States had been accused of defrauding the people of this
country ; there never was a charge more completely desti-
tute of foundation. It was alleged that two••and-twenty
millions were lost to this country in consequence of its
pecuniary transactions with the States of South America.
Now, the fact ware that altogether only sixteen or
seventeen millions had been subscribed, and of that
only a small portion bad ever been paid. Thus, for ex-
ample, in the case of the Mexican Loan, the whole sum was
6,400,000/., of which only 2,458,0001. was ever actualle,
sent out of the country. The South American Govern-
ments had all along shewn every disposititin to do what
was fair and just. They had, it was true, made rather
a hard bargain for themselves ; but then they said, this
has been made by our authorised agents, we are therefore
bound by it, and can never consider ourselves at liberty to
depart from its principle. The reproach to the people of
South America, that they failed in their pecuniary engage-
ments, Was one ii'hich they shared in common With many
of the most distinguished among the European States.
France had become bankrupt; Austria was three times a
bankrupt, as far as making three several compositions with
England could make bet so. Even we ourselves have been
obliged tinsuspend our casts payments, and therefore, so far
as foreign countries were concerned, we must be regarded in
the light of bankrupts. It was besides no matter of surprise
that those countries should at the present moment find
themselves in circumstances of embarrassment and per-
plexity, seeing that they were exposed to the conten-
tion of rival chiefs, and to the miseries of internal dis-
cord; but of this he felt perfectly assured, that whatever
Might be the opinion entertained of the skill and discretion
with which they managed theiir financial concerns there
could not be the slightest doubt of their good intentions, et
the slightest suspicion that they at any time ever contem-
plated a fraud as respected the people of this country. They
were it was true in an althost infantiue state in all that re-
garded the management of their finances, but they were
certainly culpable in not using all the means within their
power to secure the conscientious fulfilment of every one
of their ttnderhikings: He knew that Bolivar was at the
preterit mettle-it doing all in his potter to haie in those
provinces were it was at all practicable, a portion of the
revenues set apart for the purpose of liquidating those
debts. This, though it was all that under present cir-
cumstances could be done, formed no excuse, he was ready
to admit, for the past. He did not hold the people of South
America to have been criminal in their pecuniary transac-
tions, but they ware most culpable in tint corning fairly
before their creditors, and declaring their inability to pay.
Had they done this, they would have put an end to the
speculations of hulls and bears, and have saved the holders
of their securities from a great deal of loss and a great deal
of misery. He thought also that the Government of this
country 'ought to exert its infltiehce fot the purpose of ef-
fecting the payment of such British subjects as were cres
ditors of the South American Governments. But though
entertaining the feelings which he did, he could not lose
sight of the circumstances of palliation which attended the
situation in which the, Government of those states ;:'ere
placed, nor could he forget the part which this country
bore in their liberation ; it was a great work, and one
which adorned our country and the age in.which we live.
He then concluded by moving for an account of the official
value of all exporti of every denomination of British and
Colonial produce, exported to the States of South Ame-
rica durimig the last five years, distinguishing each, and
the amount of duty payable on the goods. Also the im •
ports from the same places.
Mr. CHARLES GRANT would very readily accede
to the motion of his fon. and gallant Priend ; at the
same time he zritfst dhm erde, that ht feared there might be
some difficulty in ttiakiiig mut all time returns called for.
As to the remarks with which he had accompanied that
motion, they did full justice to the object of it, as well by
their matter, as' by the manner in which he brought them
forward. Trusting that the future history of those states
would form the best vindication of their conduct under the
Artluone struggle Which they bad to maintain, and consi-
dering the then state of the tioUge; he' hoped that it would
not be thought either a mark of indifference to theif' inte,
rests, or of disrespect to the Hon. and Gallant Officer at
the other side, if he confined himself to the fbw observa-
tions which he had then made.

After et ftw *or& from Colonel DAVIES, the motion was
put and agreed id.
COMMERCIAL REGULATiOSg.

Sir H. PARNELL mowed for a return of the amount

of foreign manufactures imported into thin country in
h 127, aiid of the exports and imports between the United
kingdom and France, and Other countries.
Mr. ROBINSON was friendly to free trade of every de-
scription, but he should like to see foreign countries give
tip advatifages:=--advantages torresponding to those we
yielded them. France and the United States had given us
nothing in return for the liberal policy we had exereind
towards them.

GRA&T said, that, taking 'the inconvenience of
the occasion oil which this Was broNght forward into con-
sideration, he did not feel called upon to make any obser-
vations upon it.
Arter a few Words from Mr: HUME, Mr. MABERLE,
Sind Mi. daitn', the Motion Was ptit and carried.
COURTS OF JUSTICE IN NEW SOUTH WALES.
Mr. Secretary lILTSKISSON rose, pursuant to notice,

to bring in a Bill to regulate Courts of Justice in New
&Rifli Wales. The important colonies of New South
Wales and Van bionan's Land were now regulated in what
related to the administration of justice, by an Act passed.in

181. His object, in the first instance, was to provide
for the continuance of certain powers contained in that
Act, Which were about to expire; and, in the next, to
provide for future alterations in the administration of
justice. Front the peculiar situation in which the popula-
tion of these Colonies were placed about two-thirds of the
inhabitants having forfeited then• civil rights, it was diffi-
cult to have the law administered in the manner which pre-
vailed in this country, by Grand and Petty Juries. It
had been found necessary, therefore, to suspend the system
pursued in this country, and provide aJury of a pecultlr de-
scription, suited to the nature of the population. This
suspension of the English system he intended in the new
Bill to continue, but to make provisions that would gradu-
ally, should circumstances permit it, asaimulate the admi-
nistration of justice iu the Colony to that of England.
The Colonies were not in a situation to admit of thus re-
ceiving a Legislative Assembly, but en the plan pursued
with respect to Canada, before it had a Legislative Assem.
bly, he proposed that they should have a Legislative
Council, to be composed of 12 or 15 persons, who would
be entitled to vote on all matters connected with their ex-
penditure, and, indeed, concerning their affairs generally.
This would kid the way in time to the establishment of
institutions in those Colonies similar to those of the people
from whom the inhabitants were sprung. He would now
merely introduce the Bill, and on the second reading they
would have an opportunity of discussing it more at length.
Leave was then given to bring in the Bill.
Mr. GRANT brought up the Report of the Committee
of Supply, which was agreed to.
STAMP DUTIES BILL.

On Mr. DAWSON--;no;inithethirdQing of this Bill,
Alr. fIUME begged that it might be postponed.
After a conversation, in which Mr. DA WSON, /%Ir. PER-
G USSON, Mr. WARBURTON, and Mr. Aldermatr Wool),
took part, the third reading was postponed till tomorrow.
PAUPER LUNATIC BILL.
Mr. R. GORDON moved the third reading of the
Pauper Lunatic Bill.

Sir It. H. INGLIS proposed a daue to the effect, that
.4_ in every county Lunatic Asylum, containing the number

. -
of 50 patients, there ►hould be a resident physician, sur-
geon, or apothecary."

Mr. R. GORDON objected to the introduction of the
clause as unnecessary.
Mr. HUME expressed his disapprobation of the clause.
Mr. R. COLBORNE objected to the Hon. Baronet's
proposition, on the ground that, if adopted, it could only
