1, LONDON, WEDNES DAY 9 AUG UST 5, 10(10.

-......eseivieeirmeereeieeedePeoeseeee.m."..ereestee""""""sieemeroweeepieve."......,--e-e..--_
thenselves to prevent it. The he could do was to send the defendant to 52A1 . Mar- ,
wise to exerit = led by stating, that although he garet's workhouse, until his fiends had been col nmuni-
Learned Judge cCoelv'‘• -.tied of life, he sated with.
1 Defendant, who wante,l to purcba c everything he
had already passed n not very sbors r.-
see the. blessings 0r a Moral ,
did still hope to live to
liberally diffused among saw 'II "I.,:iv-r EmstzzT,EmENT.—Williant Bell, a re-
' -streets, was then taken to the work,house.
and religious education more
the lower classes of the people. EXTEI"" . - man, about 60 ye,;:: of 114. e, was ,
John Breen, aged 20. was indicted for stealing a spectable lookinb -"f Inspector Taylor, of the B
purse, and eighteen shillings and sixpence, the property brought up in custody ,_ • 'charged with ernbezzl- ,
ef Caroline Buckley. division, and placed at Le bar, Equitable Gas I
Mr. Lock defended the prisoner. ing upwrrds of 1,2001. the moneys of the - _
The proseoutrix stated that on the morning of Light Company, Thames Bank, Pimlico. I
Sunday the 12th of Jul-, about ten o'clock in the morn- Independent of this charge, there are at the present 1
ing, she went to the Catholic chapel in the London Road time five others of uttering checks upon tee London
for the purpose of hearing mass, and she observed the and Westminster Bank, at which establishment he had
prisoner sneaking among the congregation in a manner no effects. The sufferers are licensed victuallers in the '
that attracted her attention. Soon afterwards he came neightourhood, amongst whom are Mr. Keasly, of the
to her side, and pressed rudely against her ; but she Crown and Sceptre, Chapter-street, Vauxhall-road, for
did not like to give Any alarm, for tear of disturbing the 60/. and Mr. Balding, of the Ship, Vauxhall-road, for
congregation. The prisoner continued to annoy her for 1101. He was remanded for a week.
some time in this way, and at length she felt her gown
pulled on one side, and at the same instant a snatch
was made at her pocket, and directly afterwards she
missed her purse. She went out of the chapel, and
gave information to a policeman, who took the prisoner
into custody, and as they were going to the station-
house, the prisoner put some silver into her hand, and
said, " There's your money, don't make any more fuss
about it." The prisoner was afterwards searched, and
she identified a shilling found in his possession as one of
those that had been stolen from her.
Cross•examined—The congregation were all kneeling
at the time I saw the prisoner go about in the way I
have described. The chapel was not, so crowded as it
would have been if high mass tonedwere obe performed.
The police-constable who appre tbe prisoner
proved, that as he was taking him to the station-house,
he offered him half-a-sovereign if he would let him go.
Mr. LOCK addressed the Jury, and the Learned
Judge having summed up, they returned a verdict of
guilty.
The prisoner was then charged with having been pre-
viously convicted of felony.
The prisoner said he would admit that he had been
convicted of felony before, but he declared, with the
most dreadful imprecations, that he was innocent of the
crime now laid to his charge.
The Jury having returned a verdict that the pri-
soner was the same person who had been before con-
-1 victed, he was called up for judgment, when he again
uttered the most frightful invectives against himself it
he were not innocent of the crime of which the Jury
had convicted him.
Mr. Baron GURNEY told him that his experience
taught him that such asseverations of innocence only
bespoke the practised thief. There could be no doubt that
he was one of those persons who went to places of
worship and other assemblies for the sole purpose of
committing felony. It was the duty
of the Court to
take care that he should commit no more plunder in
this country, and the sentence therefore was that he ,ie
transported for the term of his natural life.
The prisoner, who was a genteelly dressed young
man, left the dock declaring that he was innocent.

MIDLAND Cl R G UIT—NoTrINGibor.
ABDUCTION OF A VOTER AT NEWARK ELECTION.
.lances Hickman, William Milford, John Pearce, and
William Morton, were indicted on a charge of abduct-
ing a voter of the borough of Newark-on-Trent, and
preventing him exercising his right of franchise at that
election. There were other counts charging them with
administering to the said voter laudanum, with intent
to stupify him, and by such means to convey him away.
The prosecutor, whose name is John Hickman, resides
at Newark, and was entitled to vote at the last election
for Newark in January last. On the night preceding
the pollingdayhe was decoyed into the Castle and Falcon
Inn, the head-quarters of Sir T. Wilde, the Solicitor-Ge-
neral, where he was prevailed on to drink some brandy and
water ; in such brandy-and-water laudanum had been
poured, so that in a few minutes he fell is a dead stupor
on the floor. A chaise was procured, and two men
named Wootton and Wright accompanied Hickman
when he was placed inside it. The prisoner Martin
drove the fly to Nottingham, a distance of 20 miles, and
about a quarter of a mile from the town turned him out
into the road. On reaching the town he informed the
police that a man was lying in the roa.l dead drunk, and
he had better be taken care of. They went and found
him, and locked him up in the watchbouse till twelve
o'clock in the day. He was then taken before the Ma-
gistrates, who fined him 2s. for being drunk, and dis-
charged him. A Tory solicitor of the to vn paid the
fine, and learning he was a voter of Newark, popped
him into a chaise, drove full speed back to Newark, and
polled him there just twenty minutes before the poll
closed, for Mr. Thcsiger. Hitchins gave him the brandy-
and-water, and paid the men Wootton and Wright, who
I urned Queen's evidence ; Morton drove the chaise, and
Pearce and Milford assisted.
The defence was that Hickman was drunk, and taken
away in that state ; the giving him laudanum was en-
tirely denied.
The Jury returned a ♦erdict of guilty against all the
defendants, but recommended Morton to mercy on the
ground of his being a servant.
His LoansHlP sentenced Mr. Hickman to six calen-
dar months' imprisonmrnt ; Mr. Pearce and Mr. Mul-
ford for three months ; and Morton for one month.
They were then all taken into custody.

WORSHIP-STREET.

DARING BURGLARY.—WiIIiam Woods, a cabriolet
driver, and George Gilchrist, a reputed thief, were placed
at the bar for final examination, for a burglary com-
mitted last week in Charles-square, Hoxton, at the re-
sidence of Mr. Frodsham, a chronometer maker, whose
business is carried on in the city.
At a very early hour in the morning policeman
Clifford saw two men in communication with the prisoner
Wood, who was following them with his 'cab. The
policeman was crossing to examine them, when the
two men, whom he knew as suspected characters, made
off and escaped, and the cab also was driven away, but
stopped by another policeman, 41 G, and in it were
found a writing desk, t►me-piece, and other property be-
longing to the prosecutor, whose house had been left in
the care of two servants, the family being out of town.
The various things produced were identified, but
silver spoons and other valuables, were missing, which
the thieves had no doubt carried off in their pockets.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION-HO USE.

A young man named Roberts was brought before the
Lord Mayor, charged upon suspicion of having plun-
dered a public-house called the Hatchet, in Trinity-lane,
of 71. in penny-pieces and halfpence.
Mr. Evans, the owner of the public-house, stated that
he and his family went to bed at the usual early hour on
Monday night, having fastened the windows and doors,
and being convinced that all wes safe. About three
o'clock in the morning the Policeman No. 48'2 called
him up, and said that bis premises were open, and upon
going down stairs he found that the door had been
opened from the inside by somebody, who bad been con-
cealed, no doubt, in the cellar. He also discovered that
the door of the bar, in which there were 71. in copper
kept, had been forced open, and that the money was
"one. Luckily, however, 1001. in cash, which was also
n the bar, escaped the notice of the thief. In the tap-
romv there was a trap-door which led to the cellar, and
that door could be readily raised. The prisoner was
known to il%e witness, and sometimes called at the house,
and was acquait;scd with it.
Elizabeth Ghost, servant at the Hatchet public-house,
stated that her master and mistress had gone out to
spend the evening, and during their absence, which was
till nine o'clock, there was no customer in the house
except the prisoner, wha bad two-pennyworth ofgin and
a pipe of tobacco, and sat close to the trap-door. Wit-
ness missed him twice out of the tap-room, at last she
missed him altogether, and without hNvmg seen him
leave the tap-room. She recollected that he told the
two children who were playing in tlie tap-room to go
out of the room more than once ; and a relative of the
landlord observed him, during the evening up stairs on
the landing-place, but these matters did not occur to
her mind until she heard that the house was robbed.
The prisoner solemnly declared that he knew nosh int
of the robbery. It was true, he said, that he had been
at the Hatcher, and that, being unwell, he was dis-
turbed by the noise of the children, but he never went
into tne cellar, and he was fouud by the officer in his
bed.
No money of any kind was found upon the prisoner,
but he had about him a great many duplicates of
arti• les pledged for very sm,ll amounts.
He was rtananded. The charact%r of the man was
said to be good, and it vies mentioned that other per-
sons might have gone into the taproom through a
door in a court in Trinity-lane.
A girl of the town, named Mary Davis, was com-
mitted to Bridewell, for two months, for having walked
off with a box of clothes, which had been left at
Nicholson's wharf, to be put nn board a vessel loeund
for Calcutta. She was stopped with the box in her
hand, and she said very coolly that she was carrying it
to oblige the owner.

Wood, the cab-driver, said in his defence that the
men called him from the stand in Shorcditch, and
having put the 'property into the cab, directed him to
follow to a coffee-house in the neighbourhood.
Mr. GROVE did not find the proof sufficiently strong
against Gilchrist,fwhom he therefore discharged, but the
cabman, who was found with the stolen property, and
endeavoured to drive off with it, when met by the
policemen, he committed, and a Jury will determine
whether he was a party to the robbery.
'Wood was accordingly committed to Newgate for
trial.

MARLBOROUGH-STREET.
RIOT IN THE HAYMARKET.—George Holmes, the
Earl of Lismore's coachman, was fined 31. for obstruct-
ing the carriage-road to the Haymarket Theatre; and
John Tucker, charged with having excited a mob to ob-
struct and ill-use the police, was fined 20s.

QUEEN-SQUARE.
.0--A gave w e
hisl -(1 r
name
ANOTHER VISITER TO THE QUEwENh
the bar before Mr.
mpaann,ielaboou,Bt
figthkrtwy
asyeapriasceodf
82 A, stated tha
Grpegoolirciee.,cuopnostnaiazhnarugpe of ins
an.
Ricahnbitey.
n,
he
ieghwtasecol
onad, uitny,
‘ovnh
tMe
hoanl dl a yvi
hmeonr ni ng a
aea,
bmbaonu h al
,t
whor phaasiti
hisvehicle
e dhraar broughtu p a
t athgeenHtloermseanGufraormds,thinefoKrmenetd
him that .
road, and he believed he was insane, for he bad got out
of the cab without his hat, and gone into the Horse
Guards for the purpose, as he said,
of choosing a horse
to go to see the Queen upon. Witness
went to the
station-house, received his directions, and then came
back to the Horse Guards ; be was told by one of the
Blues that the defendant was in the stables, and he
went to him. Defendant was walking up and down
the stables examining the horses, and said he did not
see one fit to carry him to the Queen. Witness told
him he was going to the Palace, and he would see hint
as far as there. Defendant acquiesced, and said, " You
don't know me." Witness answered," No," and he re-
plied, "I am George the Fourth ; I am going down to
the Palace to see the Queen." Witness persuaded de-
fendant to accompany him, and took him to the station-
, house. At the station defendant
the oldclthueeelnnwspaesethoisr
that he had built the Palace, and
wife. He was going to take her to heaven in a balloon,
aid he intended to get a lot of Roman soldiers and
company of the Blues to escort him. The officers of
both companies were to blow trumpets and wear wigs.
Mr. GREGORIE asked defendant what he was, and
:vliere he had come from ?
Defendant. in a loud voice, i• f ,:rn °ems,
,h,.
Fourth, King of England."
jyj f, QuEGoalz said that in that ca4e the only thin

Specimens
•Loopolessec!t
juim§lAv;Ori fi.EosfEUTßlnhiAA:Rairti3OtTlltlyNdncpono:tstTeirTlryeoEuosLi Illustrations,
Now ready, its
THE volumes,
of
riit.iavtetr
accutsitnonms
will he found at once delectable and useful. Interesting anti:
HATTON-GARDEN. quity, historical recollections, a country of much diversity and
cs alnudsterto
A FOREIGN LADY AND GENTLEMAN IN DIFFICULTY.
qn pastors}ate,
tfashions,beaut tt Ire s remainse, and
many
anti-
-On Monday a tall, foreign looking personage, withiss Costello is truly an
moustachios, who was set down in the editying and accomplished cicerona "
poic,-sheet getl:er and claim our notice •to
e. —Literary Ga;ette.
the Marquis Moleg. of the Grapes Tavern, Compton- Richard Bentley, New Buelingturk-street,
street, Soho, and Theresa Schmidt, a fashionably atti-ed Publisher in Ordinary to her Majesty
foreigner, about 25 years of age, and well-.looktng, were
brought from the station-house at Islington, charged by
Randolph, No. 172, N division, with having been drunk
and creating a disturbance.
Randolph, having been sworn, stated that on Sunday
night last, about half-past eleven o'clock, he saw a large
mob of persons collected together in the New-road, Pen-
tonville. and on proceeding to the spot be found both
the prisoners in a state of intoxication, and the male pri-
soner was endeavouring to lift up the female, who was
insensibly drunk, and they were both rolling and tumbling
about together. amid the laughing and hooting of the
assemblage. Witness, with assistance, took them to the
station•house,to which they were followed by an immense
multitude of persons. The prisoners described them-
selves as professional singers, who had come to this
country under a professional engagement, They were
both charged and locked up, and when the female came
to her senses, she gave her residence, No. 109, Great
Portland-street, Marylebone.
Mr. GREENWOOD asked the Marquis Moleg what he
had to say to the charge ? The Marquis (with a
shrug)—Vy, Sare, ire vent wid de ladee and her bus-
bang to de Vite Condeet House, to see de place, yen
wee left de lady took ill, fe on de road, an me assist
hare ven de 6rowd vsemblell , and affisare d took us to
dP presiong ; but me no drunk.
Mr. GREENWOOD—I see you are set down in the
sheet as professional singers. Pray what are you, and
where did you come from ? Marquis—We are de
Tyrolese, we came on de engagemong.
Mr. GREENWOOD—Were you singing at White Con-
duit House? Marquis (shrugging his shoulders)—Na,
as ; ye vent dare for de plaisir, de amusamong, and de
curiositee ; me nevare sing dare.
Mr. GREENWOOD—Have you been long inEngland ?
Marquis—Only de nine month.
Mr. GREENWOOD—YOU must know that the police
of this country will not suffer professional singers to
get drunk, and create a disturbance.
Marquis—Me know dat—me nevare go to de Vite
Condeet House onee more.
Mr. GREENWOOD (to the female prisoner)—What
have you to say ? Prisoner—Me varry sorree. My
husbang took me to de Vite Condeet House, to show
de place, and me took de vine, vich disagree. My
husbang left me, and dis gentlemong took a mine arm,
to assist a me.
Mr. GREENWOOD—Then you were so bad, that your
husband deserted you ? Prisoner—No, nevare, nevare ;
he lost.
Mr. GREENWOOD—Have they been locked up all
night ? Sergeant Pagan replied in the affirmative
The female prisoner (lifting up her shawl)—Look,
sere, at de attire, de place horrid vare I sleep, all disar-
range, abomenahle.—(A laugh.)
Mr. GREENWOOD—Ay, you see the consequences of
intoxication. You must never go to the White Con-
duit House again, Theresa—Oh, nevare, never...
Mr. GREENWOOD said he would, discharge them, but
he hoped this would be a caution to them in future.
Tneresa made a curtsey, and the Marquis, arranging
his moustachios, made a low bow, and thanked Isis Wor-
ship, saying, " Me did not like my shleeping vary
month in de shell vare de put a me."—(A laugh.)
They then left the Court, apparently delighted at
their release.

If IS MAJESTY the EmpEitott of
B AUSTRIA having AUTHORISED and GUA-
RANTEED several DISTRIBUTIONS of AION EY
DIVIDENDS, which (0,911 they are NO LOTTERIES)
3ffer many possibilities of obta►ning
LARGE FORTUNES.
HEINE BROTHERS, at HAMBURGH,
Are now qELLI NG BONDS for the said DIST It I HU HONS.
Persons desirous to purchase for one of the next Distributions,
may receive, PREVIOUS to giving any order, the PROS-
DECTUS and PAR ricammts, upon addressing WITH-
OUT DELAY, a line to
HEINE, BROTHERS, at HAMBURGH.
THE NEXT DISTRIBUTION contains
SEVEN HUNDRED DIVIDENDS,
Amounting to £72,170,
The Dividends being
25,000 £BOO £l5O £lOO £7O
5,000 600 120 90 60
1,500 400 110 80 50
1,000 200
And the following Distribution contains 25,200 Dividends,
Amounting to £954,888, the Dividends being
£15,000 £6OO £7O 0 £37 10
7,500 300. , 50 0 37 0
$,BOO 200 42 0 36 0
1,800 150 40 10 35 0

1,200 100 39 0
HEINE, BROTHERS, having remitted, during a short
lime, I*,oool, 9,0001.. b.OOO/., 3.6001., &c. &c. &c., to Lon-
don ; 3,6001., 8001.,'001., to Edinburgh ; 3,6001. to Dublin ;
8,6001. to Beverley; 3,600/. to Halifax ( Yorkshire); 1,200/.
t0.i.'0,-:!Faven:Harbour; 900/., 6001., to Liverpool; 9001. to
900/ to Hull • 9001., 6001., to Man-
Newcastle- upon-'t yo; ; . •
ehester ; 6001. to Bideford; 6004 to t...44F: ; r`f.,V to Bradford ;
they shall feel glad to remit many Dividends of the said Ps,
tribution' to England, Ireland, and Scotland.
The Bones (which are no Lottery Tickets) can be cashed at
every Ranker's connected with Germany in every mercantile
place in the world.

ROYAL SURREY THEATRE.
Continual overflows. Immense success of Halite's Spectacle,
" Jane of the Hatchet." The grand Tableaux d'action, and
imposing military evolutions of 100 Fea.ale Warriors, have
been witnessed by upwards of 35,000 persons with astonish-
ment and delight. The awful sublimity of the last scene,
depicting the Siege of Beauvois, exceeds every thing hitherto
attempted.
THIS EVENING, AUG. 5.
Will be acted a Grand Historical Spectacle, of unequalled splen-

dour, entitled
JANE OF THE HATCHET.
Supported by the entire strength of the Company,
and One Hundred Female Warriors.
After which, a Drama of pecnliar interest, called
FIFTgEN YEARS OF A DRUNKARD'S LIFE.
conclude a Comic Piece, called
DON PEDRO THE CRUEL AND MANUEL, THE

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
Morning 41 minutes after 7. I Evening 77 minutes alter F.

the Publication of the Evening Edition of THE Sux corn-
menced at 40 nimutcs after Three.

.4-, . --z. 4'04 (-4
..,...
~,,,' • 4., w. ' .:77:,-. ttvl: ,:,
,_,.,,„4:••

Societics Bill went through a .Committee, their• Lord.
ships having done more business, we believe•, last nigh'.
than during the whole Session, excluding the last
night. They sat till a Quarter-past Eleven.
The House of Commons met -yesterday at Twelve
o'clock. Several petitions were presented, and amongst
them petitions complaining of the Magistrates of Yeovil
and Beverley, into which Mr. Fox MAULE promised to

Mr. PAKINGTON postponed the consideration of the
Lords' aniundments to the Sale of Beer Bill.
Co onel PERCIVAL complained of having been misre-
presented as approving of the conduct of the Govern-
ment, which was calculated to do him an injury with his
constituents.

On the third reading of the Consolidated Fund Bill
Mr. HUME took that, the last opportunity he shautd
have, to protest against the policy of the Government
and the Legislature.
Tile Postage BiII was read a third time, after the
CHANCELLOR Of the EXCHEQUER had told Lord G.
SOMERSET th:it there was not at present any hope of
keeping the Post-office open to a latcr hour than that at
which it i 4 now closed.

Mr. T. DUNCOMBE presented a petition from
Chelmsford, praying that THouocoon might be dis-
charged without the concurrence of the churchwardens,
as they had intimated their intention not to move for
his discharge.

Dr. LOSaINGTON again explained the conduct of the
Court over which he presided, and showed that the
course pursued in the case of Mr. BAINES at Leicester,
which was called more merciful, had been followed by a
decree for costs to the amount of 1251., in an action to
recover 21. 12s. 6d., which, as Mr. HAwEs remarked,
was another strong proof how much Ecclesiasticm
Courts require to be reformed.
Mr. BRISCOE expressed great regret at the evil spirit
manifested by the churchwardens. After some conver-
sation, the Ecclesiastidal Courts Bill was read a third
time.

The bringing up the Report of the Infant Felons
Big caused some conversation, and a division, but it
was carried by 40 to 5, and the Bill was ordered to
be read a third time.

Several Bills were carried forward a stage.
Lord ASHLEY—one of the Pro-Corn-law men, and
therefore to be described as humbugging the people, whe❑
he talks about having a regard for them—called the at-
tention of the House to the condition of the children of
poorer classes employed in trades and manufactures.
The Noble Lord drew a piteous picture of their suffer-
ings, all of which might be relieved by cheap and plentiful
bread, which the Noble Lord will not allow them to
have. The Noble Lord moved an address for an in-
nuiry into the employment of children of the poorer
clas;es.
Mr. BROTHERTON seconded, and Mr. F. MAULE
supported the motion, pledging himself that the inquiry
should be as full and as early as possible.
Mr. VILLIEss, while he thought the Noble Lord
was entitled to the gratitude of the country for his
nauti)n, said that want of employment and want of
food were the chief causes of their misery. He ap-
proved of the inquiry, which was unanimously agreed
to. If it do not benefit the children, it will benefit the
Inquiry Commissioners, who now seem a most flourish-
ing race,
At Half-past Six the House was centred out, Mr.
M‘KrririoN having risen to bring forward his motion
for improving the health of towns.

brown loat • as -well'ar On the opulent banker's
French roll or muffin ; and the wretched hop-grower,
taxed by the landlords, all their expenses increased,
and obliged to pay more to support the poor, will
suffer from the Corn-laws as severely as the cotton
manufacturers of Manchester. Since 1820, two or
three races of hop-growers have been ruined, and
again,if the report of the MaidstoneGazetie be correct,
will another race be ground to poverty by the land-
lord's tax. Wool-growers are now suffering,
hop-growers will next suffer, and corn-growers after
them ; so that the Devil's law inflicts in tutu a
deadly injury on all the industrious classes.
We feel almost ashamed at this season, that we
should have such thoughts, and should now pen
such remarks. The rich bounties of Providence,
supplying all its creatures with a plentiful supply of
food—for it stints them not, and imposes no other
tax on their bread than the labour of producing it—
are now being showered on the land, and ought to
inspire ail hearts with gladness. The joyous har-
vest-home of our ancestors, or the still more solemn
festivities of the Ancients, were a fitting worship
of the Great Giver of such gifts. But now, the
poor farmer, trembling from the large demands
made on him, lest the price of his sheaves, when
sent to market, should not suffice to pay rent,
taxes, and debts, grudges his sun-toiling labourers
the additional shillings they earn, and the
additional beer or cider they drink. Joyousness,
even at harvest-time, has fled from the fields
of the once merry England. The most kindly,
amiable, and grateful feelings, which did honour to
past generations, are now all absorbed in one over-
whelming sordidness, urtinly caused—we have no
hesitation to say—by the scoundrel tax on the poor
man's loaf. The immense difficulty which the
farmer encounters to pay his increased rent, and all
the other charges on him, makes him the sordid
tyrant of his workmen, and banishes joy from his
own heart, and glee from amongst the reapers.

We trust that the delightful harvest weather we
are now experiencing in London prevails through-
out the country, and that it may last for a few
weeks. For the harvest this is a critical period,
and good or bad weather for the next month may
mike a difference of one-third in the value and
weight of the crops.
According to the last corn averages, the price of
wheat for the week ending July 24, was 71s. 4d,, and
the average for the previous six weeks was 68s. Bd.
From the present weather it is highly probable that
the price will begin to fall. As good harveets
generally follow each other for two or three years
in succession, we can scarcely anticipate for the
owners of foreign corn a more favourable period
than the present, when the duty is 16s. Bd., to in-
troduce their wheat into home consumption. Gene-
rally speaking they are monied men, and by now
throwing that on the market, they would be able
to purchase the home growth at a cheap rate, and
hereafter sell at a greater profit than they could
probably make by hoarding up foreign corn,
Should such be their mode of operation the result
will be a great reduction of price as our harvest
is brought to market. That they are expected so to
operate is the opinion of well-informed persons.
A Mr. THOMAS BATES, addressing the farmers
of England, says—
_ _

I can confidently state that the deficiency in the North
will be amply made up by the productive wheat crops in
the midland districts and eastern part of the kingdom.
I write from a personal inspection I made, to and from
the meeting of the Royal Agricultural Society at Cam-
bridge ; while the unanimous report of the best informed
persons at the said meeting was, " That the southern part
of the kingdom would be very productive in wheat this
season."

Under these circumstances, I cannot refrain urging
all those who have English grain on hand to thrash out as
speedily as possible, and bring it to market, so as to pre-
vent the average prices realising 695. per quarter, and
thus keep the duty at or under 16s. Bd. per quarter.
If this advice be universally followed, all the old grain
may be got sold before the resv wheat glut the market,
hen a fall of price on the inferior old wheat may be at
least 12s. per quarter after harvest to what it is at present.
The present alarm, I am confident, is unfounded, and
has been got up to induce farmers to bold back their sup-
plies, that prices may advance, to let out the bonded wheat
at a low duty, and thus unnecessarily inundate the country
with foreign wheat when it is not needed. 1 write in per.
t, et confidence that my anticipations will prove correct,
for my attention to the sutject has been unremitting for
more than fifty years, and for nearly fifty years I never
once was disappointed in the expectations I formed of the
crops at this season of the year. On yourselves, there-
fore, farmers, depend your future prospects. You have it
yet in your power to prevent wheat reaching 695. per qr.
for six weeks together. And when the importers of
wheat, and that under lock, see that you are alive to your
own interest, they will then see that it is their interest to
ply the duty of 163 81. per qr., as the duty will rise,
while the prices go down to 645. per qr."
Now if the farmers follow this advice, if the
harvest turn out good, as Mr. BATES asserts it
will, if there be stocks of old wheat on hand, and
they be now brought into the market, the prices
will undoubtedly fall very considerably, and the
small farmers, all those who are obliged to thrash
out and sell to pay their rent at Michaelmas, will
find the Corn-laws anything but favoutab:e to
t hem. That the price of food must fall to a level
with the price on the Continent, is quite certain,
or we must sacrifice the great balk of our foreign
trade, for we can only continue to supply the
United States, the Brazils, Mexico, &c., &c., into
the markets of which other nations freely enter,
by our commodities being cheaper titan similar
commodities made in Germany, Belgium, and
France. Till that time comes our trade cannot
again make a start, and the Corn-laws, by
preventing prices on the Continent from rising
to a level with those of England, will by and by
degrade the price of corn here nearly to the lowest
level of the prices amongst the rye-eating Ger-
mans and Poles.

We shall not permit ourselves to make any
lengthened comments on the proceedings at White
Conduit House the day before yesterday. The ex-
pression of feeling on her MAJESTY'S health being
proposed, however deeply to be regretted, cannot
be passed over i❑ silence. It is a new sign of the
times that amongst the industrious classes her MA-
JEsTY's name should be the signal for an explosion
of discontent. If the working men throughout the
kingdom share that sentiment, her MAJESTY'S
Guards would need to be on the alert. We do not
believe that any person present at the festival would
harm the QUEEN, but whenever a general senti-
ment of that kind pervades the masses, it will find
some monomaniasts, or make some enthusiasts. To
guard against enthusiasm or madness requites the
utmost care.

Some good will, nevertheless, come out of the
evil, as we always regarded it, of incarcerating
Messrs. LOVETT and COLLINS. The " secrets
of their prison house," and of the prison houses of
England, will be made known far and wide. Mr.
COLLINS gave a graphic description of the false
dietaries and false rules of Warwick Gaol. Nor
was his description destitute of pathos. The lad
who was sentenced to twenty-one da),st imprison-
ment for quarrelling with another lad, and who lost
one of his toes ►wile in gaol, from a neglected
disease, made a profound impression on the as-
sembly and will make a profound impression on
the public. Such descriptions will, undoubtedly,-ex-
cite most intensely the passions of that very
numerous class whom Mr. COLLINS addressed
through the company at the White Conduit House.
We only do our duty as journalists and watchmen
when we warn the ruling classes that they must be
prepared either to deal more justly with the work-
ing classes or to govern them by military force—
either to make large concessions to them or coerce
them with a hand of steel. There is no alternative
between all classes living as friends and brothers,
on a footing of equality, or reducing the masses to
abject slavery. The aristocracy may yet choose—
but a little while and it will be too late. If they
think that mere law-making, without enforcing laws
by bayonets and bullets, will terrify the people, let
them read the terms in which both Houses of Par-
liament are spoken of throughout the country, and
be convinced of their error.

The " Distinguished Correspondent" of the Morn-
ing Post promises to realize our prediction of sinking
clown to a mere scribbler of newspaper paragraphs.
A fourth communication, if we remember rightly,
was contributed by him yesterday to the columns of
our Contemporary, who evidently grows tired of
being made the vehicle of so much twaddle. In-
stead of being honoured with a place in the first
leading column, the diplomatic revelations of the
" Noble Old Whig" are now thrust among the
" astounding intelligence" supplied nightly by
that nondescript class of newspaper übiquities the
" penny-a-liners." Nor will he be long suffered to
appear even in such company. Our sprightly
Contemporary will soon get rid of him alto-
gether, with a parting hint to &vote
his literary leisure to the enlightenment of
the readers of some Sunday penny paper, on the
subject of the Foreign policy of Great Britain.
By such readers only can he escape being laughed
at as one of the greatest noodles that ever wore a

coronet.
When this " distinguished " hunter after news-
paper notoriety stated that the Four Powers had
agreed to settle the Eastern question without re-
gard to the decision of France, he said all that he
knew, and more than he had brains to reason
about. In all his subsequent communications he
has merely repeated over and over again the same
statement, blurred and slobbered over with common-
place nonsense, which reminds us, at the close of
every period, of Lord STRANGFORD'S Parlia-
mentary orations on the foreign policy of Great
Britain. But, hold. We beg the " Dis-
tinguished Correspondent " of the Post's par-
don. On a third perusal of his lucubrations,
of yesterday, we have discovered two statements
not made in his first communication to that Jour-
nal. Of their importr nee our readers shad judge
for themselves. The first is a finished specimen of
noble taste in all that regards the mere expre;sion
of a disputed statement ;
In answer to Lord Pahnerston's tripping evasion in the
Commons, and to another similar equivocation in the
House of Lords, but which appeared to give Lord :11e1.
bourne great internal pain, I say once more emph.tically
that France never received previous communication of the
treaty.
The " Distinguished Correspondent" of the Post
is here speaking about the Treaty agreed to by
Russia, Prussia, Austria, and England, for settling
the Oriental question. Now the best authority upon
this question is certainly the French Premier, and
he has said " emphatically" that France knew
all about the Treaty from the first moment
it was proposed, and that there was no con-
cealment about it. Now, had the Treaty
been secret France would not have failed to
make that circumstance her main ground of com-
plaint. She knows that secresy in such matters is
abhorrent to the feelings of the British nation, and
that the bringing such a charge against a Minister
by a friendly Power, would prejudice the House
of Commons against him. But eager as France is
to represent herself as aggrieved by England, she
has declared that everything on the part of the
Great Powers was done openly; and that they " im-
plored" her to join them in the ratification of this
very treaty. Whom, now, will our readers credit ?
Lords MELBOURNE and PALMERSTON, speaking
in the hearing of the Russian, Prussian, and
Austrian Diplomatists, with France thereunto as-
' senting, or the anonymous twaddler who selects
the Morning, Post as the proper organ of the reve-
lations of Whig imbecility ?
The second statement which we have discovered
is equally conclusive and important. Here it is :
It is well known that Lord Palmerston had long enter-
tained a personal rancour against the present King of
France, because he had been too shrewd to destroy the
work of his great ancestor, Louis XIV., by sanding an
army to give Christina and the democrats artificial support,
and draw upon France the execration of the irritable and
jealous Spaniarcts. The Quadruple Alliance has died of
its own accord, and with it the cause of rancour. M.
Tbiers. who sympathised in opinion with Lord Palmerston,
and sacrificed his office on thai account, is now restored,
and Prime Minister of France. It is immediately at him
that his friend Lard Palmerston has aimed the new quad-
7cille coup de theatre.
The only novelty here claimed, is the making
known the fact that Lord PALMERSTON has most
yqbligingly and loyally transferred his hatred of
.LOUIS PHILIPPE to his Minister. But why
should the Noble Foreign Secretary hate either of
them ? The less Lours PHILIPPE contributed
to the pacification of Spain, the greater the merit
due to Lord PALNJ EitsTON for his share in the
accompik,liment of that happy event. Anil as to
who syinpat.iid
..„,i him,
hating M. Tiit Ens
We aw:in:lid nobody will
to so barefaced ail

In the meantime, however, the mass of the peo-
ple in manufacturing towns are starving—the inha-
bitants of the remote islands of Scotland and o
Ireland are in the greatest distress for wa to
lood. and wheat cannot be imported to feed them
without paying a duty of 16s. Bd. per quarter, or
one-fourth of its price. What a gratuitous piece
of cruel wickedness But the agriculturists can-
not all escape the calamities brought on others inf
their name. A few rich farmers, a few landlords,f
may gloat over the public misery, but there is a
numerous class of agriculturists, if the reports of
the crops may be relied on, who will be exposed-
, this next winter to great suffering and misery.
The Maidstone Gazette gives a woeful account of
the hops through the greater part of Kent, and states
that the duty will he nearer 20,0001. than 45,000/.
The crop, therefore, will not be above one-fifth, or
one-seventh of an average. The bulk of the hop
growers are small farmers, and the great expence of
the hop cultivation consists in wages, poles, ma-
nure, and rent. In general too, their tithes are
compounded for, and, good crop or bad crop, the
• tithe-owner must have his 20s. or whatever it may
be per acre, the landlord must have his rent, and
the wood owner must be paid for his poles. Of
course the rent for hop-ground, the price of poles,
the money wages of labourers, and all the expenses
of hop cultivation are as much increased by the
corn-laws as the expense of manufacturing cotton.
Now comes a total failure in the crop, and the
farmer, who might recover, if his expenses were
obly 20/. au acre, will be utterly ruined when they
are made by the Corn-laws 301. or 40/.
Moreover, a great deal of labour is required to
pick a large crop of hops, whiQh enables the cotta-
gers to pity their rent and pay their debts. The
mass of the agrictiltural labourers in the hop
growing countries rely on what they earn
at hop picking, to live through the winter. The
fa:lure of the crop Ct.prive the fanners
of the rent fur tht.ir cottages, and compel an
"ddilional n:ltnber of iptls.ns to
cxpeliso of keepihg them wiil be 'enhanced--;
fL.r the scoundrel bread tax falls op the paupel's
