SATURDAY, APR

TO ALL WHO VALUE THEIR SIGHT.
DIXON'S Improved SPECTACLES to preserve the Sight to
extreme old Age, to be had only at 93, Newman-st rect, two
Doors out of Osfbrd-street, on the left hand.
DIXON respectfully informs the Nobility,
It" • Gentry. and the Public, that he was employed by the
late Mr. B6dberry, for a number of Years, as the Manufac-
turer of'his Spectacles; and since his death, has commenced
Business at the above place, and anxiously hopes that, go.
Years experience, united with the strictest assiduity and at-
tention to the preservation of Sight, which alone can be done
by using his Improved Spectacles, which have given such ge-
neral satisfaction in London and all parts of the Kingdom,
must insure him the patronage of the Public.
Please to iihsei,ve 93, Newmatt-street;. Oxford-street, as
there arc many humble imitations of his Improved Spec-
tacles iiifered.
All Letters and Parcels from the Country post-paid, will he
immediately attended to.

REAL JAPAN BLACKING,
MADE BY 111cHARD TURNI 1.., 114, LONDON-ROAD

~.•
61.31' •
nn
,
`(
• ,

FOR of this BLACKING dis-
A. claims all the ails of pntling,—the merits of the Article
are too *ell known to need it. He confidently adopts the
motto of the immortal NELSON—
. Palmani gni roit feral."
" Let him bear the palm who has deserved it."

TO A GREAT MANUFACTURER IN ST. GEORGE'S

FIELDS.

I sing not of heroic ire,
humbler willing theme I choose
I sing of what you all admire,
sing—and help me every Muse—
Of 117 RNER'S Dye for hlaclog shoes,
Its qualities unequalled shine.
Both high arti low this Illachiog use,
He ranks the arst in all his line.

He walks in brightness who steps forth
With TURNER'S BLACKING on his shoes;
Nay, stranger shall he he to mirth,
And love and beauty's smiles profuse,
Fit only for the mire or stews,
Who in fine weather pods his Way,

And takes no thought or makes no use
0 TURNER'S splendid bright display.

Ladies are partictitarly invited to recommend their Servants
to use this highly esteemed Liquid Blacking being sanctioned
by the fusi Families in the Kingdom.
Gentlemen may observe, -that this Composition, when used
for their Gig or Carriage Harness, will produce a brill-iant,
rich, glossy black lustre, and at the same time acts as a Pre-
server of the Leather.
*,,qt USE TURNER'S BLACKING.

tempting to justify the foul crime of assassina-
tion.

Thistlewood said he bad finished the sentence ;
and continued to invaigh against the partial mode
in which his own trial had been conducted, and
to express his sorrow that the people of Albion
still groaned in slavery under the iron hand of
despots : he considered himself murdered by the
verdict which had been pronounced against him.
Wittiam Davidson was then called, and address-
ed by the officer in the same fortis of words. This
prisoner had no written speech, but addressed the
Court with great earnestness of voice and man-
ner, and occasional violence of gesture and ac-
tion, for several minutes. The general character
of his declamation was similar to that of Thistle-
wood. He asserted that no proof had been of-
fered that he had been acquainted with the design
of assassinating the Ministers—repeated the
charges against some of the witnesses, and declar-
ed that he had been entrapped into the plot; 14e.
could die but once, and should meet. death fear.
lessly. The thought of leaving a large family of
small children was the only thing which unman-
ned him. Tl.is prisoner martin steel the 'woos'
degree of firmness, or rut '.cr reckless jntrt pidit
dugs was he next called upon. lie was dressed
hi a butcher's jacket, and appeared as composed
as al the time of Isis trial. He declared he should
not have been in his present situation- but for Ed-
wards, who betrayed him into it. He had no
fears of death ; but only desired that Edwards
s:iould die with him. He was ready to acknow-
ledge that the plot for the assassination of Minis•
ters was disgraceful to human nature; but those Mi-
nisters met and conspired to pass laws which in his
opinion was much blacker than assassination. Hr
was a bad orator, and would trouble their Lord-
ships no longer than to declare, that he would
rather die like a man than lice Lice a slave.
Brunt was then called on, and addressed the
Court at considerable length. His conduct and
manner displayed all that determined spirit of rero-
city which has characterized him through the
whole of his proceedings. He complained of
having been dehied the use of pen, ink, and pa-
per, in order to compof.e sotnet):ng in his juititi-
cation. lie declared
cost appe(' him, an.. ,vished to do so
was proceeding itr loading him with abusive epi-
thets and heinous charges, when
The Cum? JusTice pronounced that he could-
not suffer 11): character of a person examined as.
a witness to be taken away in that manner with-
out any object ; it there was ai",v impeachment of
his character, it should have been mentioned, on
the trial.
The prisoner afterwards threw out aspersions on
Lord Castlereagh and Lord Sidmouth,.and asked if
conspiracy to take away the lives or such men
could be high treason He then endeavonred to
ustify the design of the conspirators; but insisted
that the only high treason of which he had been
guilty was resisting some police-officers.
rio asserted that none of the witnesses had
sworn the truth, except Capt. Fitzclarence (who
was sitting in the Sheriff's box.) .
James Wilson, John Harrison, Richard, Bradburn,
John Shaw Strange, and Charles Cooper, each ad-
dressed a few words, the tendency Of which was
to impugn the evidence of the witnesses for the
Crown.

Gilchrist (a wretched looking man), who seemed
to sink under the horrors of his situation, declared
that he had met Adams, for the first time, at four
o'clock of the dry when the Conspirators wereap-
prenended—that in going into the loft he was
wholly ignorant of rue purpose tor which they
had assembled—that lie wished to retire, but was
prevented on pain of -his life ; and that on tlir
first appearance of an officer be surrendered him-
sell.—" I have served my King and my country,"
cried the prisoner, " twelve years, and, Oh, Gml
this is my recompense."
The LORD UHIEF JUSTICE then pathetically
addresqed the Prisoners (see yesterday's SUN.) giant)
afterwards passed the awful sentence of Death
upon them. The Prisoners were then withdrawn
from the Bar.—lt is rumoured- that they will be
executed on Tower Hill.
