FRENCH I.TNI)S.

,

5 per Cc!lts.

.SRf. iOe.

Bath, Actians f. t t.

NIaI'AtJLF;.`I W.ah.~

The...following account is from the Pombc4
Courier of the lith of February
" Fermi atlrices -concur in stating that great
pruparationstwele nn foci in the upper provinces
for fresh campaignrogainst the Nepaidese. We
Ltd hoped the glorious issue of our recent opera-
tions against these marauders would him, en-
mired a loneer,if not an absolutely pertnuttent,
ceSsationot bostile.measut es—that the ratification,
of the (Leary of peace, by all accounts embracing,
-stipulations equally founded injustice and mo-
Avration, would have 'been readily accepted at the
• baud of our Government—and that it would have
tended to remove all future contention : but the
movements of the military. forces to an.d from
dilLrent postS do very little accord with the na.
'lure of the expeettvions held out. Howe:yell, the
victorious achievements of the Britit,h arms, so
'repeatedly exemplified in our 'warfare with the Na- •
live 'Powers, at tbe same time that they will'im•Ve
great weight with the,Nrepaulese Government in
daring n second
.aggression, give us, every asstar
ance of a speedy tert4ination to hostilnies but
it•another blow is struck, we may venture to say,
that it will he'.ot so decisive a character, as will
efrycomlly mush their ;Audacious spirit, mid reduce
them to the harmless condition of the other Na-
tire rowers."

Froni,C,ttetuta•it ed, tindrr date, of the
31 it itiPillaTy, -US follows :

" The latest Ictt.ers front the Terrejec rehire
the Cootioionic,: of vigOehos measures, to enable
the army to act with effect tivfore the end. of this
month. Sir Davit! (Miterlony was marching to
join the main army, and had. resched Scegrawlee
on the 24d ,instant, It is still the, firm belief of
some persons in ca rap, that Imo:l:dime solttoission
will be the consequences of these teiirlike tnea•.
sort's. All the divisions of the tit.:ny are 19 14,11
spirits, and anxious to An Ike the asianlt'of
where it is prob.4,lc the first blow win
tali.'

Extract of a letter from Ishugwanpoor, datcd
January I um happy to State, that Clo-
vtrnment lla9 dett!rnlillca to prosecute the win.
with vigour 4.4ainst these faithless mountaineers,
before the 'seu,,on for operations is altnikether,gone
past. Sir t)jiviti Oeliteilony gill he otar Stu-
gullee to-day.
..Colonel has just rein-
forced this frontier witlOt/b0 toen ; and all we
now require is an abundant supply of food to, en-
able Mt to move forward.. The s.de of
.tha grain'
at the depots it touch to Ins regretted, but this
no time for reflection on what is Just we Must
all put our shouhters tti the ‘vbeel, and endertsimr
to repair the evil. Ernst under our mdde leader
we shall soon 'make the tioorkhas repent of pro'
yoking the power ofithe British arms."

nEOQUAIMICAL OF I.IK THREE PILIATI-
e +sr. STATEs.ff-Algiers, formerly a kingdom,' i 3
-I`lo wiles long, and from 40 to 100 in breadth.-,»
Took is 220 miles long, and I'7o broad.'---Tripoli,
I. ioLludiug Bates, extends 1100 miles iiY length,
awl is from JOO mites to 300 broad. These _States
have a coriiiderable pilitary force, and their ca,
valry is very ntimeroult and efficient. The run,
peror ofMorocco can Wing tine hundred thettSand
men' itao the field, A GeographiCat ott=
serves ft has been often thought sUrpriii:l4,
that the Christian Powers should. suffer their ma-
rine to be instilled by these 6arbarians', who. take
the ships of all nations with whom they are at
peace, or rather, Avho do not pay them A subsidy
either if, frinf“!y or cOunnotlities. We cannot He-
count for this forbearance Otherwise than by. sup-
posing, first, that a-breach wi,th them might pro-
voke the who, pretends to be the lord para-
moanf oecoodly„ ti,ar ChriltianPower would
lie tumid of tieciog Algiers and the rest of that coast
in possession rat another; and, thirdly, that no-,
thing can`be gut by as hOlfibitraMent Of any of their
towns, as the
,inhabitants would itistantly carry
their etlec:s into the deserts anti mountains, so
that the benefit resulting from the conquest must
be tedioui and precarious."

'The Mates, ofiVellingtnn East indiaman has
been destrnyeil by fire in Sanger roalk the
two otiietrit., two passengers, arid many -of the
crew perished,

BA! BMW vrAns.

eXTRACT OF A LETTER aRLATIVa TO TUE LA/ 41
THANSACTIoN IN TUC MIWITatiItANRAN;
" Time- fiver' proceeded from T oois to Tripoli.—
At boilm these places the Deys appeared (idly dis-
posed to secede to any term; that Lord Exmouth
Blon(' propose in the name of the Prince Regent;
His Lordship proposed, first at Tunis .11114,tile11
at Tripoli, that a Treaty should be signed, tor
ever plphibiting the making of Christian slaves;
such, pm isoners as may he tat,,eit in war only, li) he
cattliidertil as:prisoners of war. The Deys readily
agreed, The ,fleet then rutarlied to Algiers, .for
the purpose, as was understood, of Obtaining a
revision of the Treaty which time Dey had made
wit)) ,America respecting the sale, of rizes in his ,
torts, 'The Dey replied to this questiOn, that the i
ireaty be, lout *lmlay made with that, nation I
bYwas at. an end j that if they chose mot to abide Fisti.r—lietween tivo and three o'clOck yester-
the old one, lie would agree tO, 40 other, day morning the shop of tipersoli Of the'llitole of
Lord Extnoath then proposed tmitha Dey u Treaty Holland, a d.:aler in old clothes; No.
.Iot, St.
sitml,ir to that made at Tanis and Tripoli, for John's, lane, Clerkenwell,, was discovered WI be
doing away with slavery akoother. The Dey an tire, the watchmen sprung their rattles and
represented' that it Willt irttlla>osiltlr to cin ;fay kept knocking 'at the 'door, but they could nut
id.,tlisit the aystern that had so long isuhs4stia— alarm the a'faintly; th d was Inoke open, when
th;ii itis the commerce of the coutitcy, anti timai it was discovered thee fireoor proeeeded front a th'alver
a ehatmge %bids wind,' Ott su detrimental to the in the iirop ; ,b
nd ed and several parts f e o
intemests of teem y 'rink and Mont, it iyintild re• is'ffo tiftiti'Oyea, a the 'family' were soo fastth atilshvepp
quite coo:dilatable time to bring their to`ioils to that they never it. time least imuise until they
submit to.' The Divan amul the military (Turks), .wtre pulled out of bed. ,Scycial tigti;ts
he em as perslinded, tV0111(1 never renounce the trade, ed, and the 'fire %yip e
' xtinguished 6, fore it pro.
orged his demantis with 'all reciletl farther thau,tlte shop, whiett was partly
.
bis wwated cntrgy and iwrseverance in vain, de-deitioyetl,

- -•. r.,....ts 4.Pit, tliC lIIIC7VICW
Witil a, netertnimition
fereiL - In the Subzthal, all 5' the 'hopes of the la-
- - - . -
1,0 COMMellee hostilities. The Dey, therefore, or-
-
bourer have vanished ; the gardenS, meadows, ail ,
tO d AiererfM'
the British Consul (Mr. Donald) to be
l '`< fa . and 21 slit E• rt., vessels ,- ti .to
toe , u 4ng lad at ran to
*•,. . vineyards Wkl'e ruined, the licAiii.r). fountains', be'
seized. ,
.. .
aqueducts, told roadi des roved. - "'The next thy - the sqnadron "got iintler`Way,
' ' • ~. ' ,• for the purpose Of going into the Mole, to (le.'.
ttatt, Jury 28.—The following Crdonnanet, •
. stray the Aleerine naval tome ; but a violentale
was published here on the I tith of. June ,g :- -came on, which continued until i o'clock in the
''' We, the fiuronlitsro. analar„ the c„,,,toti aAN !thermion, and then it ‘vituld, have !teen ton late
goiia order,
to take a favourable position alongside the' batte-
.
.
.116. , The ships anchored again. ills Lordship
A HT. 1...-,-..thitt th'e restriction (censeur) th.c‘ n :disliatched a letter to the bey,. deitianding which has hitherto existed upon the 'public News-. that the 'CsirtSUl shonid be released, and sent off
..papers be taken off. to the fleet'. .The Dey refused to
,give
.hirli up,
"2; That' each public Newspaper shall bear, *
...
stryiog, he tivVed him 300,000 dollars,)• when that
sum was paid, he, shYmbrdepart. I Dey, when'
Hs well as all pi wot ks, 1114. names of the an- lie parted from Lord. EXtlithith; said, though be
thor, editor, an&printer. ~- should be prepared for helitilities; he wotild not
fire the first shot; Upon he whole, ai far as the
`' 3, That these three persons be responsible
quesuon bore upon his oivn feelings and interest,
before the Court of Justice for what each News- .. . , 1i• 1, 1 ,
paper imiy *cootain contrary to , religion, good " The next day the Dey sent off to Lord
Ex-
manners, public order, respect due to Constiiti- • mouth a proposaLthat he was willing to conclude
a perpetual.peace : but that part of the negotia-
tion or existing Governments, or the honour Of
which referrer! to the a 0 MOO
,ot SiaVcry
private persons oreorpOrat ions." s1101(ld stand over for six months, that he might
..
FHAK NFUItT, JULY 1.-11. De lianleim, ideal- be cliOlod .to. obliiiit the advice and sanction, of
the Grand Seignior upon the question.' Lord Ex-
potentiary Mioister of l'iu,sia, at the Vet of the •
~i •, - .
. . ,
German Confederation is arrived here. It is be- i sion „should be direi., itistead of six motiths; 'lbis'
being mutually decided, the Tagns Itlgatet taPit•'.
lieved that the prdindoitry cont'erenec trill open
here., , .
Deans DomlaS, wag appointed to tithe thelltey's
.
Arnba,ssotirt6 Constant iiHde, The use of that
ship hat!, at the first vi,,ii, liven gr:tottli tai the,
• Dey, to converliis presents to the Grood Seignior,.
as he hoil not sent.anyinee he was elt;isen to the
' Regency. Lord' ExMotith then es(hanged ilic
usual eivilities with the Dey, and departed with:
-Illf fleet for England, letiviog the Tdgiti fOr the
service appointed.
I-•
" Ille Dey of Algiers is li titan of good unde‘r-
standing, grave and deliher'ate in Co(meil, (tin! of
(pick peneirittioo. lie w►►ti Aki.t. Or avner‘d of
the Arsoy,l.4re his elevation., ‘Whilst •our ships
were endeavoilt:n!:, to work.up tO.the batteries, ile
was dav :old night at his post, exiliniiiiog hiiii de-
. fences ihe w iti stetted upoo (he 41n)re by ihe tliii•
ter who wt.-tit to dinwtod t-le Cttlist4, tie lit.!
,
(tri:y reLoitd yvitv. llis iomiedi:ite pi•ode,ces,o4.
govt,i•ned hilt it !C 1V InWVISS, %Olen 110 li'tli •,t rang-7,
led ;' heiog, as ne was told, to c:iOt:ider iiiil)sidr
Mlly A loctini tenors, uotil a better perSo:i. eonld
be chosen; anti the CUSIOOI of the country forbade
that lie sirould live after having; been Dq. lii hot,
clic Janisiaries are the Governors tie the country,
The present force tit these lawless &Spots atAl••
giers is computed, at ilooot I.5,1)00 loci.). TheY,
hold the Moots (the natives of the country) iii.
complete sitbject ion ; but the Jews still more so.
Whilst oar ipiadrtm lay there, three feWs were"
burnt to death, because they wereinsolvent ; Ina,
before ttiev li,ol halt executed their (nitrify, k
was discovtml that one of them was intim:C(l(o(
the alleged crime, . '
"•Algiers has all the appearance of a well-for-
tified town :, it is .defended by rthont :1001) pirces,
of ordnance Art every calibre,• 300-of whieh. are
brass. • The pi-ice is sorromided. by a high wail,'
the tlontluira side of which is adorned with 111U0%
lit'a,lS, trophies Of their crock y.
" Tunis leas rt• strikingly beautiful appearance ;
pa rtieohArly it
th,it part' of where aneietit Car-
thage stood. Both' here and at. Tripoli the peo •
Pk are More civilized. The Government oldie
Deys is hereditarily vosiessed, and rtht, as ht Al-
giers, filled frOnt the ranks of the JanissarieS.
PaShate,"Or 'Des, of Tripoli; behaved most gene.:
rn..slyto the fleet; as well aseandidlyto the cause
Of our•visir. flaying at once '
stated his willing-
ness to comply 'with- the's.une terms as had been
agreed to at Tunis and Algiers, he-then gave otc
Clers'ihid fi:ty hoises should be ready at the Con-,
Sul's dO,r, tyery morning,' for the useof the.of•••
fic'ers of the fleet;;, hue made a present to therAd.•
-mind of '2J hullockS, 5.1 sheep, and a vessekloart
Of - all' kinds of refresloPeors,
,
" The Algerines value each stave at 1,200 d 0)...
Jai*(ahOitt 300/.);..the Tunisians at 650 dollars.
Tfie State's of Morocco have wholly discontinued
the_aystein of slavery : they have only two 'or
:ttit're old frigates, which are chiefly employed in
carrying pilgrims to and from ..411exandria,,on their
uuy to Mecca." ' , '
...
