Van gnu.

LONDON,
FRIDAY EVENING, JANUARY 23, 1835.

While the organs of the Orange faction, in England
and Ireland, are conjuring the Protestant electors to
stand by their GOD," they are pouring out torrents
of vituperation against the Catholics for allowing them-
selves to be actuated by religious motives in the choice
of their representatives. With these charitable mono-
polizers of religious sincerity, it is a most commendable
act in the Protestant tenant to vote against his Catho-
lic landlOrd ; but if the Catholic tenant vote against
the Protestant landlord, the case is altered—that is
quite another thing—that is a degree of ingratitude and
baseness not to be endured—never to be forgiven. Now,
let any unprejudiced person look at the present state
of Ireland, and after calmly considering the prospects
which the continuance of the present Government
holds out to that most unfortunate of countries, let
him say whether it be possible—whether it be inhuman
nature—that the Catholic, who is called upon to take
a part in the present contest, should divest himself of
his religiOus feelings and sectarian propensities. The
Catholic has been summoned to this battle on religi-
ous grounds. The very aim and end of the present
struggle is to perpetuate a religious grievance, the
greatest, and, to a Catholic, the most revolting that
can be imagined. But for the opposition of the party
now in power, this grievance would have been
redressed before now ; and it is because they saw
that in spite of their opposition it would soon be
redressed, that they set on foot the unprincipled in-
trigue which effected the dismissal of the late Mi-
nistry, and occasioned the present appeal to the peo-
ple. Under such circumstances, how is the Catholic
to act ? Can it be expected that he is to assist those
who have openly declared themselves his enemies ? Is
it rational to suppose that he will contribute his aid
to rivet his own chains, to bind the burden more firmly
on his own back ? He has now an opportunity, such
as may never again occur, of relieving himself of this
burden, which oppresses him both as a religionist and
a patriot, with an intolerable weight. He knows that
he has' the power of dealing a death-blow to that ac-
cursed system which is spreading devastation and
bloodshed through the land of his birth. And what
is the instrument with which he is to accomplish this
purpose—with which he is to establish the rights of
conscience on the ruins of bigotry and tyranny ?

As a party, mix with whomsoever they may, the
Tories are politically tainted, and we trust that every
principled and right judging Reformer in the new
House will keep resolutely aloof from the slightest
communion with them. True fealty to the Monarch
and the people will lie in the overthrow of Tory
ascendancy ; and the sooner that glorious triumph is
achieved, the sooner will the peace and prosperity of
the kingdom be ensured.

A very just and constitutional view of the cause and
consequences of the recent exercise of the KING'S
prerogative was shadowed forth by Mr. CUTHBERT
11 I ppoN, the present Member for Gateshead in his
address to his constituents :

" A ministerial defeat in the House of Commons,
or the superior force of an adverse party in that house,
confesses at all times to the Monarch, that the mea-
sures of his counsellors are such as meet not the views
of the nation, declared by the majority of their repre-
sentatives ; but if Ministers are to be dismissed merely
to please the whim of one man, to gratify personal par-

Simply that which the Cons'titution has put into his
hands. He has only to go to the poll, and conscienti-
ously execute the trust reposed iii Is he to be
blamed for this ? Is it not his bounden duty so to
act ? Yet it is for acting thus that he is the object of
such unmeasured abuse. He has been stigmatized as
an infidel. He wipes off the stain by proving his
attachment to religion, in spite of those temptations
which Protestants cannot resist. He is then told he
has no business to be religious—at the poll.
But the priests, it is said, urge on the Catholic
voters to support the Catholic faith which they con-
sider in danger : granted—and do not Protestant
priests urge on their voters to support their Church.
What Catholic priest ever out-ranted the Rev. Jos HUA
KING, who thus addresses the electors of Cheshire,
" Buckle on your armour, and go forth to the con-
flict in the name of the Lord your God." Unfurl
the banner of the Cross. England expects every
Churchman to do his duty. This is not a time
for temporizing, or lukewarmness. That man must
be a renegade to his religion, his country, and
his God, who succours not the Church in this her
time of need."

After such a rhodomontade as this, let us hear no
more of the Catholic priests calling in the sanction
of religion to stimulate political agitation.

We request our readers' particular attention to the
observations made by Mr. PALMER at the Surrey
Election, a report of which will be found in The Sun
of this clay. Mr. PALMER, speaking on his own
knowledge, expressly says that the most barefaced cor-
ruption was resorted to by the Tories, to secure the
return of their own candidate. " I have no hesi-
tation," he adds, "in stating, that if we had
had the Ballot in the County of Surrey, the
present election would have had a very different result.
When I find that there are clergymen of the Church
of England who act, as some have acted that I have
before me, I must say, I blush for my Church.
One instance that I will relate is this :—The rector
of Chipstead took the colours of the Reform can-
didates from the hat of a person named SHEARM AN,
and also from his breast, and trampled them under foot.
Another case is that of the clergyman of Titsey, who,
dealing with a person named CLARK, in the corn trade,
and seeing him with the colors of Major BEAU-
CLERK and Mr. BRISCOE, asked him how he could
dare to vote for those persons ? His answer was,
because I believe them to profess the principles
which I ought to support. The clergyman instantly
said, send in your bill ; I will never deal with you
again." If here be not proof, " strong as holy writ,"
of the necessity of the Ballot, we know not what proof
is, or wherein it exists. Surrey with the Ballot would
have returned the Member of her choice. Surrey
without the Ballot has been compelled to return
the Member whose principles she repudiates. And to
consummate this end, 'Ministers of God—the har-
bingers of " peace on earth and good-will towards
men"—have contributed their assistance I Yes, men
whose sworn duty it is to inculcate order, justice, and
right feeling among their parishioners, have been foremost
in the endeavour to set a host of bad passions a-blaze
among them. Shame on such conduct ! No wonder
Mr. PALMER blushes for his Church. These are
the things that make it a bye-word and a mockery
among men. Talk of infidelity I It is such flagrant
acts of indecency as those we have just quoted, that
make the infidels. It is the contrast forced on mens'
minds, between the preaching and the practice of the
Church, that drives them into " the seat of the scorner."
Mr. PALMER has done well to expose this turpitude,
which is the most convincing argument in favour of
purifying the Church by Reform, and the representa-
tation by the Ballot, that we have ever yet met with.

By a system of rhetorical juggling the Tories have
sought to delude the public into a belief, that there
are now but two great political patties in the king-
dom, namely, the Conservatives--monopolists of all

that is good and wise for the furtherance of salutary
reform ; and the Destructives, whose main object is
nothing short of revolutionary plunder. Unceasing
are their efforts to make this appear by eternal ite-
ration, because then the dispassionate part of the
community, who deprecate political turbulenee of
every kind, would very naturally withdraw their coun-
tenance from the opposers of the present Government,
as entertaining factious views inimical to the peace
and welfare of the nation, and solely repose their con-
fidence in the oily-tongued Tories, who, by a poli-
tical miracle, have dropped from the' clouds into of-
ficial places.

By this contrivance they think to secure a clever
riddance of the obloquy which attached itself to their
old and nominally forsaken principles, and make
" Conservatism" a common reservoir for the reception
of all classes of Reformers, save the non-entities to
whom they have applied the term Destructives. To
this end, likewise, they are working hard and despe-
rately to gain over to their party the moderate
Whigs ; but baulked in their overt attempt, they now
descend to strategy :—" If you do not consent to a
positive alliance, gentlemen, they say, at least have
the courtesy to bear with us for a while on sufferance,
and then you shall see by the measures we propound
(under compulsion), how much more nearly we are
allied to you in reality, than you now give us credit for
being." In this way do they seek to wriggle themselves
into the good graces and kindly compliance of
their old and bitter foes ; and if once they can-
effect a semi-confederacy with them in the
Lower House—being firm in their domination
with the Upper—they reach the gaol of their ambitious
hopes ; and the subjugated people will have to con-
tend single-handed against the combined- influence of
Parliament and the Throne

Letters from Madrid of the 11th inst., state that on
;he morning of that day an insurrection had nearly
;aken place in that. City, in consequence of a report

that LLAUDER, the new Minister of War, had suc-
ceeded, on the preceding evening, in obtaining from
the QUEEN REGENT a promise for the immediate
dissolution or the .present Cabinet. The exposure
which followed ',LAUDER'S late disgraceful at-
tcmpt to drive M. MA itTINEz DE LA ROSA
from the Cabinet, although
it has excited the
indignation of the public, and the11e,...-xviest censures of
the Press, has, it appears, failed to Mit'L
quish his detestable purpose. The QuEeEth,i7
- ins e
fulsome flattery
ear he still retains by the. most
wh
o-f
her personal attractions, begins to get ti'rec 1 of
expressedliberai ityherself
; of Resistance, which LLAU
and
has on more than
e charmed with one occasion
theDE
idea
if a
Governmentdeclares

THE SUN, LONDON, FRIDAY, JANUARY 23, 1835.

tiality or private humour, or satisfy the vengeance of a
tyrannous oligarchy, then see the position in which a
statesman would be placed ; he must no longer seek to
retain office by the power of public approbation, but by
pandering to the extravagance of a prince, the licen-
tiousness of a court, the rapacity of a church, and to the
needy cravings of royal parasites. He must be the creature
of the court. lie must be their minion and not your
servant ; he must propitiate his masters by the betrayal
of your interests ; he must no longer regard public
favour, but maintain his position by place and power,
plunder and a pension list."
These are stiff-necked truths, but however unpa-
lateable, the proposition is undeniable.
It is an object of the greatest importance to the
present ricketty Cabinet, that the late act of the SO-
VEREIGN should be made to appear as being con-
current with the real feelings of the people, rather than
a " whimsical or ill-counselled determination of the
Royal mind. If this object could be effected, the po-
pular distrust in a Government so formed, and pre-
pared t• fulfil the conditions hypothetically put by
Mr. RIPPON, rather than to rest their claim for sup-
port upon the approbation of the people, would be at
once removed.

It cannot be doubted by any one who will take the
trouble to strip the great party question before us of
the thick-coated sophistry which now disguises it, that
Tory priocip!es " met lint the views of the nation de-
clared by the majority of their representatives ;" but
that, despite the voice of the people, declared under
circumstances which have no parallel in modern his-
tory, as displaying the emphatic and universal opinion of
the country, the very faction who had been hurled from
power have all at once enigmatically secured a restora-
tion to the Royal favour.
What, then, is to be inferred if these Exclusives are
upheld in power, but that they must necessarily rely
more, if not solely, upon their " pandering" propen-
sities for its endurance, than upon any meed of respect
which the people choose to accord, or which they can
be solicitous to exact ?

It is painful to reflect—but disguise it as we may, it
is nevertheless the fact—that the KING'S Ministers
are not the People's Ministers ; and it is easy to fore
see which will be most diligently served.

We have the Paris papers of Wednesday, with
letters from Bayonne of the 17th inst. The Chamber
of Deputies is busily engaged in investigating the
claims of the United States to compensation, the
PRESIDENT having, during the sitting of the 21st,
laid upon the table most of the documents for that
purpose, and promised that all the necessary papers
which still remained to be placed before it, should be
regularly presented in the course of the next sitting.
The public mind in France has been particularly di-
rected to this subject within these few days, by the
publication of a letter addressed to one of the journals
by M. HYDE DE NEUVILLE, formerly the Ambas-

sador of the Court of Versailles at Washington. In
this letter, which has been copied into all the Paris
Papers, the ex-Ambassador implores the French
nation to take care that the debt they are called upon
to discharge be a just one ; and he adds with some
acerbity of style, that under the old regime, America
would not have dared to utter such language as has
been used by the PRESIDENT of the United States in
his message to Congress. This lei ter has created a
considerable sensation in Paris, and the popu -
lace talk of a war as most consonant with
the dignity of an insulted Empire. It is
true that M. HYDE DE NEUVILLE does
not recommend a war with America—he treats
the question on grounds purely abstract—as sacrificing
France to a certain extent for the benefit of England—
and he even thinks America would be no loser by the
rejection, on the part of the Chambers, of the Bill of
Indemnity ; but the public are perfectly aware that the
adoption of such a course would be tantamount to a
declaration of war between the two Powers. Re-
prisals would not be made without blood-shed,
and France, in such a case, would be obliged
to interfere for the protection of her commerce.
tTr a°ry.sui:po suppose anything- else, would be the ex-
treme of folly ; and well the PRESIDENT knew that,
at the moment he was endeavouring to prove the con-
just Government, with any claims to the
obedience of its subjects, dare leave them to be pillaged
by another, without endeavouring to resent such an
outrage. But it is more than probable that the
Chamber of Deputies will pay no regard to the argu-
ments of M. HIDE DE NEUVILLE, and by passing
the indemnity bill, remove all fears and hopes of a war
for the present. We understand that the Ministry
are making every effort to obtain a majority, and
we know that for this purpose they will be backed by
all the prerogatives and power of the KING himself.
In order that the draught may be rendered as pala-
table as such nauseous stuff can be made to the 'na-
tional taste, the greatest pains are being taken to sepa,
rate the act of the PRESIDENT from that of Con-
gress, and to show that while the latter is all that is
high, and honourable, and substantial, the former is
a mere " voice in the wilderness,"— Vox et prceterea
nihil. In this position the whole affair stands at
present, and here it must stand, until the
Chamber of Deputies has expressed in what
way the nation ought to dispose of it.
The French journals, besides the affair of America,
are beginning to discuss certain claims made by Rus-
sia on France, for the payment of a debt due to Po-
land, before the subjugation of that ancient kingdom.
Most of the liberal journals are indignant that the
nation should so far truckle to the claims of the De-
stroyer of Poland, as to appoint Commissioners to in-
quire into their justice—a fact for the correctness of
which the Courrier Francais pledges its cha-
racter. Now, to us there seems something curious
about this matter. It is but two days since we pub-
lished an extract from a Frankfort paper, which stated
that the EMPEROR knew nothing of such claims—
never demanded a debt due to Poland by any Power—
and only first became apprised of the circumstance
through the agency of the Citizen KING, who made a
demand on the EMPEROR for a debt, which was re-
ferred to a Committee of Inquiry. If this statement be
correct, France has nothing to complain of ; but for
our part we doubt whether a single word of
it be true. If, as the Paris journalists assert,
the demand was only made by the EMPEROR,
then we say
France would disgrace herself by a corn-
pliance with it. Neither can we believe that Louis
PHILIPPE, notwithstanding his avarice and his dread
of war, could so far forget what he owes to his country
as to permit her independence—her honour—her past
glory—to be tr'dden under the murderous feet of the
CZAR of Muscovy.

to be the only Government that can effect the
political salvation of Spain. But happily the people
are of quite a different opinion—they have already
began to taste the blessings of freedom from Eccle-
siastical exactions, and are not disposed to commence a
retrogade movement. When the REGENT was informed
of the reed state of the capital, and the danger of
attempting the dismissal of the Cabinet, she reluctantly
yielded to the necessity of postponing the fulfilment of
her. promise to LbALTDErt. He is still, however, her
Majesty's particular favourite ; and, should an oppor-
tunity offer, will be raised to the Premiership. The
accounts from Madrid state that the Royalists were
triumphing in the Northern Provinces.

Letters and Papers from the Hague announce the
alarming intelligence that the Prince of ORANGE,
heir to the crown of Holland, is seriously ill. The
accounts are up to the 20th of January, and are given
at length in another column.

Jamaica papers to the 29th of November have
been received this morning. The most interest.
ing intelligence contained in them, is an account
of the imprisonment of the Rev. Mr. ABBOTT,
a Baptist Missionary, by the House of Assembly,
for having refused to be sworn when called upon to
be examined by a Committee of the House. This
refusal was voted a breach of privilege by a large
majority of the House, and Mr. ABBOTT was
committed to the common goal of Middlesex,
for this alleged offence. This affair will be brought
under the notice of the Home Government,
it being contended—we are persuaded with justice—
that the Act of the House of Assembly was grossly
unconstitutional, that House not having power to ex-
amine witnesses before a Committee on oath. The
Rev. Mr. ABBOTT remains still in prison.

BIRMINGHAM.

(FROM A CORRESPONDENT.)
Jan. 21, 1835

I beg to hand you an account of rather an interesting scene
which took place on Saturday the 10th, at the polling-booth
at Coleehill, on Sir Robert Peel's presenting himself, and ten-
dering his vote for Sir E. Wilmot and Mr. Dugdale. An ob-
jection was made to his vote by the Inspector, upon the ground
that being a Minister of State he was disfranchised by a reso-
lution of the House of Commons.

Sir Robert enquired of Mr. Collis, who was the legally_
appointed inspector, on behalf of. Mr. Gregory, upon what
ground he made the objection ? The Inspector replied, that
at a moment's notice it was impossible to enter into lithe
case ; Lut he would leave it to the conscience of Sir IL Peel
whether the 'objection was valid or not?
Here the Inspector made a great error. To appeal to the
conscience of the approver of the Manchester massacre—of
him who thanked the yeomanry for killing men, women, and
children, whose only crime and offence was the asking for
Reform I Indeed, the youth of the inspector can alone plead
his excuse for trusting to the conscience of that man, •echo,
whilst he now declares himself a Reformer, in the same letter
(that to his tenantry at Tamworth) also asserts he holds his
former opinions still.

However, we think the following quotation from the Jour-
nals of the House, proves the correctness of Mr. Collis's ob-
jection. In page 507 of Journal 17, is the following Reso-
lution :

" It is highly criminal in any Minister or servant under the
Crown, directly or indirectly, to use the powers of office to
influence the elections of Representatives, and any attempt at
such influence will always be resented by this House, as aimed
at its own honour, dignity, and independence—as an infringe-
ment of the dearest rights of every subject throughout the
empire, and tending to sap the basis of this free and happy
Constitution."

Thus say the records of the House itself. But what says
common decency? Why 1 that this audacious act of Peel's—
after having appealed to the people against a Reformed House
of Commons—was in fact judging himself; for the vote
given to Dugdale—a bitter Anti-Reformer, and an enemy to the
abolition of slavery—was one given to his own friend and bro-
ther Tory, whilst that given to the half-reformer, Wilmot,
was done in the sly " Joseph Surface" manner, as an advance
to, secure the Reform half of Wilmot to the back-bone Tory.
There is, however, a stronger objection to Sir Robert's vote,
viz., that of his being First Lord of the Treasury, and receiving
pay from the proceeds of the Excise, the officers of which, we
believe, are, by an old statute, prohibited from voting--which
was indeed admitted by the conscientious Sir Robert himself,
but not until he had cased his conscience by recording his vote
even against the protest of the inspector, which was inserted
in the books. He then remarked, that an objection more
valid would have been—his receiving, or being receiver, of the
taxes.

P. S.-The fact of Peel's voting had in itself an indireci
influence.

(From the Birmingham Advertiser of Thursday.)
A TORY PAPER.

The Right Honourable Sir Robert Peel appeared at the
polling booth at Coleshill, on Saturday last, on his way to
London, and voted for Sir Eardley Wilmot and Mr. Dugdale,
as members for the Northern Division of this County. An
impudent
.attempt was made by an attorney's clerk, of this
town,- to dispute Sir Robert's right of voting ; but the Under
Sheriff, without hesitation, overruled the objection. The
Honourable Gentleman was loudly cheered on his leaving the
polling booth.

THE FUNDS-(THIS DAY).

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

Our arrivals this morning, are one French mail, one Ostend
(the Dutch and Hamburgh mails arrived yesterday), with the
express from Paris; but no ship letters.

THE FUNDS.

A heavy sale of Consols took place yesterday, of about 180
thousand, which had no effect on the Market worth noticing.
It was supposed to be an operation of a City capitalist.
There was also a report that our army was going to be aug-
mented, particularly in cavalry, to send troops to Ireland : but
this morning the report is not credited.
Consols, which left off yesterday at 9*, both for money and
time, opened at 917 i I, with little business doing as yet ; Ex-
chequer Bills, 41 43; India Bonds, 21 23 ; India Stock heavy
at 2571 2581.
In the foreign market, Spanish Stock which left off at 541 +,
has improved to 54i I. Portuguese, 894. Spanish new Scrip is
also better than it left off, and may be quoted at a premium.
A French paper by the express states that a revolution has
taken place at Madrid, and Llauder was invested with the Dic-
tatorship, which is not believed in the city, as well as the other
reports generally issued by the Carlist press, as it now ap-
pears that General Mina has again put himself at the head of
the army, and going to act on the offensive. The Dutch mail
brings an account that the Prince of Orange had been dan-
gerously ill of a fever, and is not as yet out of danger ; in
consequence of which several bulletins have been issued at
Amsterdam.

We have no further arrivals from AmeriCa, which are
anxiously sought after.

HALF-PAST ONE.

Botk the English and foreign funds, which were looking
heavy in the early part of the morning, have since improved.
Consols, which were 91 to i for the Account, remain the
same.

Spanish and Portuguese Stocks may be quoted, the former
at 541 i—the latter 89i This is attributed to an Express
having arrived from Paris at a late hour this morning, bring-
ing the prices higher from Paris.
New Spanish Scrip has also got up to i-1 premium.
THREE O'CLOCK.

Consols for the Account, 91
THE FUNDS —C
BRITISI
Bank Stook 223
3 per Cent Red 9.3(
3 per Cent. Cons 91%
3, per Cent.
354 per Cent Red
New per Cent 99
4 per Cent. A,sented
Dissented
Long Annuities to expire
JelA, 1860 174
Oct 1559 1714
Jan. 1860 l6 15-16
FOREIGI

,USING PRICES.
FUNDS.
India Stock '257
Ditto 80nd5,,,,,, "2 pm
South Sea Stock
Ditto Old Annuities
Ditto New Annuities
Ex. Bills, Id Q._
I:itto 590/ 43 pm.
Ditto WI 43 pm,
Bank Stock for Act
India Stock for Opg.
Consols for Opg.

Austrian, 5 per cent
Belgian, 5 per cent ll9q
Brazilian Bonds - 821,,4
Buenos Ayres, 6 per cant 2B
Milan, 6 per cent :363,4
Columbian, 6 per cent.
Ditto, 1824 3234
Danish

Greek Bonds, 1825,5 per tent.
Mexican, 5 per cent 1825.
Ditto, 1925, 6 per cent
Peruvian, 6 per cent
