—. BIRD, Esq. Senior Churchwarden, in the Chair.

Mr. HEATHORN, previous to the commencement of the
special business of the meeting, complained in very strong terms
of the conduct of the Rev. Pastors of the hamlet in refusing
the use of the vestry-room, observing that this was the third
time they had given a similar refusal since May last, merely
because the inhabitants wished to express their sentiments upoo
the great question which now agitated the empire, and so far
did those Rev. Gentlemen carry their hostility to the free ex-
pression of public feeling, that they refused even to permit the
clerk to read the requisition in the church. _

After some discussion, it was agreed to convene a special
vestry for the purpose of enquiring into the conduct of the Rev.
_Messrs. Att wood and Giffbrd, vicar and curate.
Dr. Bow LING, in a spirited address to the meeting, warmly
eulogized the King and his Ministers for their conduct on the
late trying occasions, and spoke in strong terms of condemna-
tion of the Peers, (the Bishops in particular), who had
voted against the people's Bill, and observed that they
had by that vote forfeited the respect in which they were once
held by the people, and had made themselves the objects of uni-
versal detestation.—(Loud cheers.) Dr. Bowling concluded by
moving a resolution " That the rejection of the Reform Bill by
the House of Lords has produced a crisis which has endangered
the peace of the country."
This was seconded by Douglas Loveday, Esq. and carried una-
iusly.
10%ier gentlemen addressed the meeting, and a series of reso-
144ms 43 the spirit of the one above quoted, and a petition
founded flii.ireon to the King, were unanimously agreed to, to-
gether with a resolution that his Royal Highness the Duke of
Sussex be requested to present the petition to his Majesty.
Thanks were then voted to the Chairman, and the meeting
separated, after giving three times three most hearty cheers for
the King and his Ministers.

ST. BO TOLPH WITHOUT ALD GATE.
Yesterday morning at eleven o'clock, a meeting of the inhabit-
ants, householders, shipowners, wharfingers, and merchants, re.
sident in this wealthy marine parish, was held at the Cock and
Lion tavern, Lower East Smithfield, opposite Hoare's brewery,
to express the confidence of the parishioners in the wisdom and
ability of his Majesty's Ministers, and to present a petition to his
Majesty that in case they should be induced in consequence of
the defeat of the Reform Bill to tender their resignation, that
his Majesty will be pleased not to accept of the same, but to con-
tinue them in office, and ensure the success of the measure for
giving to the people a full, fair, and free representation of the
people in the Commons House of Parliament, by using every
means afforded by the Constitution for that purpose. Resolu-
tions, embodying the above sentiments, and expressing the un-
speakable and deep regret of the inhabitants at the rejection of the
Reform Bill by the Lords, which they considered an act of
national injustice, were unanimously agreed to, and a petition
to the King founded thereon was carried amidst loud acclama-
tions. The last petition sent to the Lords in favour of the Re.
form Bill was signed by every inhabitant, with the exception of
20 who are Anti-Reformers frommecessary.

ST. GEORGE'S, SOUTHWARK.
A numerous and highly respectable meeting of this large pa-
rish took place this morning, in Mr. Roberts's large floor-cloth.
manufactory, Blackftiars-road ; Mr. ROBERTS in the chair.
lie stated that the meeting had been called for the purpose
of considering of an address to the King, in consequence
of the Reform Bill having been thrown out by the Lords.
Ile said that he hoped there would be no rioting. The English
people were called a thinking people on the Continent, and he
trusted they would do nothing to forfeit that character, for only
by peaceable behaviour on the part of the people could the
king's hands be strengthened.—( Die business was here inter-
rupted by the passing of the Newington procession, the whole
meeting went out and gave it three cheers.)
Mr. LON GMORE, in moving the first resolution, said that the
meeting Lad -met to take the last constitutional step which was
left them, to pray for the passing of the Reform Bill, that step
was to address his Most Gracious Majesty: He said the country
was at present as if it was on a precipice, on each side was a
slough of despond ; if it fell on one side, it plunged into anarchy,
confusion, and civil war—if on the other, it was doomed to
slavery for another long period. The great and healing measure
had been lost in the House of Lords, because their Lord.
ships were of opinion that the people of England were
not ready for such a power as it would confer upon them, but lie
would tell the Lords that while they had been standing still in
the acquirement of knowledge, the middling classes had been
Fressing, and that most of that class were little behind their
dships, and many a long way before them. Ile would be sorry
y;l7 anything disrespectful of the Ministry, for he believed
!theri ,bonest, but they wanted that firmness of purpose which
;they 0n;24, to have, supported as they were both by the King and
Xlse peoptv. He trusted they had now seen their error,
and • would mend it. He was sorry to hear of the
flag at Derby, s..ncl the burning of Nottingham Castle ;
he hoppd the people would soon see that that course would im-
pede the settlement of the measure by embarrassing the Ministry.
The gentleman went through the list of the opponents of the
measure, and when he spoke of the Bishops the meeting set up
Ageneral yell. The Duke of Wellington, Sir Robert Peel, and
'.., -. Hunt, also came in for their full share of such marks of dis-
a i pAaation. He concluded by moving a resolution expressive of
5-egret ;IA indignation at the conduct of a large portion of the
Ards us rejecting theßill,which the meeting thought calculated
to restore peace to the nation.
Mr. TRITSCOTT seconded the resolution, which was put and
carried unanimously.
Mr. ARROWSMITH rose to move the Second resolution,
which expressed confidence in the Ministry, and praying them
to adopt such measures as would pass the Bill without delay.
He considered that a Reformed Parliament vas necessary, in
order to correct the abuses which had crept into the magistracy,
and to prevent us from having a debt enlarged by any more wars
in support of despotism. The gentleman went at great length
into the abuses which he said existed in the parish, and met with
A good deal of interruption.
The resolution was put and also carried unanimously.
,other resolutions were passed, and an address to his Majesty
agreed to, of the same spirit as those of which his Majesty will
receive so many to-day.
Thanks were then given to Mr. Roberts for his conduct in the
iChair, and also for his kindness in giving the use of his manu-
gry to the meeting. d
' ‘, t. ROBERTS returned thanks, and the meeting broke up.

YORKSHIRE.
As inon as the rejection of the Bill by the Lords Was known
In Yorkshire, a meeting of the freeholders of the county was de-
termined upon, " in order unequivocally to refute the calum-
MOUS imputation of a wowing indiffbrence to the indispensable
measure of Reform, and eventually to promote its success." In
the absence of the High Sheriff; advertisements were issued,
most nuMerouslyastle of Y and resnorkecta.bly signed, calling a meeting for
this day, at the C

is posted
1
We understand the following placard i
upon all the walls ill Bath :—" Bath will he
With the presence of the Marquis of LoNooNnEaar
syrn;nl, at Eve's Boarding-house, Queen-equarr."
