HENLEY-ON-THAMES, MAY J.

(PROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.)
Every well-wisher to the cause of Reform must rejoice
at the rapid strider making in all parts of Oxfordshire.
Major Weyland made his entry here to-day ; the horses
were taken from his carriage at the entrance of the town,
through which he was drawn to the Catherine Wheel Inn,
where lie alighted and proceeded to the Town-hall, to
attend a public meeting of the freeholders.
T. Sroxoe, jun. Esq. of Stonor Park, was called to
the chair, and in opening the business of the meeting,
took occasion to remark respecting the various reports in
different parts of the county. In some places we were
told Lord Norreys had not the slightest chance; in ethers,
that he was certain of being returned ; but he (Mr.
Stonor) would now take the opportunity of observing,
that these reports were " inventions of the enemy" to
lull us into a 'false security, or to drive us to despair.
These reports, he added, required that every freeholder
should look upon his oven vote as the casting one upon
which the issue of the struggle depended.
Major WICYLA.ND, in a short and neat speech, declared
his sentiments in favour of Reform, and asserted himself
also to be favourable to the abolition of slavery.
The meeting was afterwards addressed by Captain
MONTAGUE and Mr. GILCHRIST. The latter gentleman,
in a strain of eloquence, made some severe remarks upon
the undue influence used by certain individuals in the
nighbourhood (names he would not at present expose) to
prevent the honest tradesman in exercising his unalienable
-right of freedom of election. He trusted in a struggle
like the present that the freeholders of the county of
Oxford would not be content with bestowing their good
wishes, but that they would use every exertion in their
power, as well at the hustings as in meetings like the
present, to promote the great cause of Reform introduced
by an enlightened Ministry, and sanctioned by a magna-
nimous and patriotic King.
Three titans were then given for King William the
Fourth, three for Harcourt Weyland and Reform, three
for the worthy Chairman (Thomas Stonor, jun. Esq.),
and three groans for Lord Norreys, when the meeting
brAre uP•
In the course of the afternoon the Major made a moat
successful canvass, and left the town soon after for Wat-
tington, amidst the cheers ef the populace. 1

EAST RtTFORD, MAY 5.

(FROM A CORRESPONDENT.)
The great cause of Reorm is here victorious ! This
strong hold of corruption has been carried ! the colours of
the gallant Vernon and Newark are now flying on the
citadel ! and Newcastle has fallen never to rise again'.
The county of Nottingham may well indeed he proud
of its noble position, for all its Members are returned to
the Commons House of Parliament, as staunch, undeviat•
and uncompromising friends and supporters td- the
Ministers' glorious Bill! !

SCARBOROUGH, MAY 4.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE S'U.Y.

Sut,—The following article of intelligence is at your
service, and if you think it worth notice. Yesterday tl e
Reform candidates for the county of York visited Scarbo-
rau9b, and upon ne occasion whatever was CO loyal a dis-
positions
atlbieou;et e
electors
eacntoi
thousandfret .
and
nicif'eihrvein
id
up
atoilpise,u
ropifto(t)fitSi
,to. a
far )1, rhotolteg 1
ri
pa-
tronage in favour of that forty-four has been immens:.
Almost every inhabitant of the town (forty-four excepted)
went to meet the candidates, and the procession was nu
tnerous, orderly, and, in point of anxiety, almost beyond
description. Hustings were elected, the several candi-
dates were extremely happy in their speeches, and declared
they had not met with a warmer reception in the course
of all their canvas. At the conclusion, " God save the
King" was sung by the whole assemblage, thus forming
one full, one grand, one important chorus in praise of our
beloved monarch. This day the Honourable Charles
Manners Sutton and General Phillips have been re-eleced
for the borough, but for reasons best known to them-
selves, no public ceremony has taken place. It is reported
the forty-four have chaired (not chained) their members
in the Town-Hall, and instead of the town being enlivened
with music, with banners, with a grand procession and
then with a grand election dinner, the forty-four and their
representatives are mourning over their last dying speech
and confession in Scarborough, and their band. is playing
the " Dead march in Saul." J. H.

ST. MAWES, MAY 4.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Sin,—The election for this rotten borough took place
yesterday. A decision of a Committee last Session had
settled that the right of voting was in the resident !mug:-
holders paying scot and lot, and in freeholders hav-
ing freeholds within the borough. The scot and
lot qualification had lain dormant for ages, and
this first opportunity of exercising it, elicited from the
fishermen and pilots of St. Mawes, who all live in houses
belonging to the Duke of Buckingham, a manifestation of
indepenlence and public spirit that did them honour, and
that occasioned no small share of surprise to his Grace's
candidates, Sir E. Sugd,,n and Mr. Pigot ; the former
used every argument to persuade these homiest men of the
mischief of the Reform Bill, and the foby of wishing to
surrender the privileges they had so recently obtained ;
but the unanimous responses of the assembled inhabitants
awl voters, in the most deafening shouts were, " Away
with our rotten borough ; let us have the Reform B:11."
Mr. Spry, a young gentleman of fortune who lives in the
immediate neighbourhood, and who is a warm advocate of
Reform, started upon the scot and lot interest, and was
most enthusiastically supported by this honest class of
voters. But the Corporation (as they call themselves.)
aided by the non-resident freeholders, the mere faggots of
the Duke of Buckingham, several of whom were sent down
express from Buckinghamshire to wrench from these poor
inhabitants their birthright, came to the poll and outnum-
bered them, and the returning officer being also a minion
of the Duke, the Tory candidates were returned ; but
should the Parliament continue Mr. Spry will bring the
case before a Committee, who will, there is little doubt,
properly appreciate the impartial conduct of the Port.
reeve. To show the taist.raVe expedients to which
the Tories have recourse, against the liberties of
the people, one instance, on this occasion, may be
quoted. A Baronet, from Buckinghamshire, tra-
velled post-haste down to St. Mawes, to vote for the
Duke's candidate, on account of a house for which
he had a freehold lease, which house he had never seen,
was ignorant who had occupied it, and for which he had
never received any rent; and yet this gentleman was per-
mitted to vote, in order to outnumber the poor fishermen
in the place.
do Lord John
n that
Russell's
discovery was made in the course of these proceed-
iwnagss,abyßeafidremelearr,attiohnatfirioemobte
SjeierEd
t wardLor
Bill, hut that he was a Reformer, and had no objection to
see such a close borough as St. Mawes thrown open to
the surroureing country. What a bitter draught to the
corporation men, who, in obedience to their master, were
obliged to return a man publicly avowing sentiments di-
rectly at issue with their own opinions, and their own ex-
clusive
and long usurped rights. I hope, for the honour
and consistency of the Learned Member, he will art in
congruity with this declaration, when any plan of Reform
comes on for discussion in Parliament.
Your obedient Servant,

AN ELECTOR.

PLYMOUTH, MAX 4.

(FROM A CORRESPONDENT.)
The scenes of yesterday, an account of which I have
sent you, induce me to write how the election has finally
terminated. The town continued pretty quiet during the
night, with the exception of a few stones at intervals being
thrown at the windows of houses wherein some of the
freemen who voted for Sir Geroge resided. This morn-
ing, when the hour arrived for the candidates to make
their appear ince, thousands of persons had assembled from
the Guildhall to the hotel, but the people were evidently
disappointed at not seeing Sir George, as by the advice of
his friends he had determined not to appear, and he has
remained secluded all day. When the business of the day
commenced, one of the freemen, who was elected a com-
mittee-man to watch the progress of the Reform Bill on
behalf of the reformers, Captain Vise, R.N., one of Sir
George's committee, and an el,.ctor, rose and stated, that
much as he regretted the calling out the military yester-
day, he and Sir George's friends did think it absolutely
necessary, and that it was impossible Sir George could
base reached the hotel in safety if they had not done so;
but he at the same time stated, that if the committee could
have thought so respectable a portion of the ininaliitants
would have volunteered to be sworn special constables,
they would have paused before they did so. This, I
think, they should have sought to do before the military
were sent for. If they could not have procured specia,
constables enough, then have sent for the military.
Shortly after this bills were distributed among the people
in the hall, informing the inhabitants that the Hon. Capt.
Elliot had been advised by his legal advisers not to pro-
ceed to the hall, as from the riotous proceedings of the
preceding day, and the manner the returning officer had
acted on that occasion, the election would be void when
brought before a Committee of the House of Commons.
A motion that a return be made by the returning officer,
according to his decision yesterday, when the people broke
away the partition, was submitted by Mr. Bayly, the bar-
rister, who is an elect,,r, but the Mayor's Assessor
refused it, and ordered the poll to proceed, which closed
about three o'clock, p.m.
During the day the Hon. Captain Elliot has been drawn
through the town in a car decorated with laurel, attended
by hundreds of respectable tradesmen, (many of them
shopkeepers, dangerous persons to be possessed with the
elective franchise, as poor Horace Twiss would say), a cir-
cumstance which speaks volumes of the feelings and senti-
ments of the most respectable inhabitants who they would
have elected for their Member to represent them in Par
liament ; but happily for us the day begins to dawn, when
the Members will be elected by the inhabitants at large,
or at least by those who ought to have a right to partici-
pate in the election, persons of property and intelli-
gence, the basis of a Constitutional Reform. The shops
in the principal streets were shut up yesterday, and during
a great part of to-day, in consequence of the dense crowds
which have assembled ; but now the election is closed, the
people are beginning to withdraw, and there is little doubt
but peace and order will be restored, but while Sir George
continues here lie must seclude himself, and when he takes
his departures must do so privately.
Captain Elliot issued his farewell address this afternoon,
and was escorted out of town in the car, attended by a
hand and a vast multitude.
Szvest O'CLOCK, P.31.--It is now generally known
that Sir George is at the Dock-yard, Devonport—the
neighbouring town--having privately went there last
night, being afraid to remain at the hotel here. I under-
stand he was cut under the ear with a st?neethr
Ross, orown at
f
him, as well as his brother-in-law, Co
the Dock-yard. All this might lat,venfbemenils'avoided, if
well the
leaders of that close body, the Corporation,—well
4'l
,
the Reform knowingues-
as they did the feeling existing here on
tion had desired Sir George not to offer himself; and
I am sure if they had done so, he would have had the
good sense to acquiesce,
because he must know, if six or
seven certain individuals of that body are against him, the
majority would be against blip also..
FINAL STATE OF TOE rots
. 101
Sir J. B. Martin - ' AI
Sir George Cockburn , •
lion, Captain Elliot • i • .
