NOTICES OF MOTIONS.

I. Mr. Sheriff Raphael,—Bill for the repeal of the Legacy Duty, so
far as it affects Bequests to Charities.
2. Lord Robert Grosvenor,—Bill for preventing the exposure of
obscene Prints.
3. Sir Samuel Whalley,—Petition from the Vestry of St. Maryle-
bone, complaining of the proceedings of the Conservative As-

sociation.
4. Lord Viscount Stormont,—To move that Thomas Moore Keith
be brought to the Bar on Wednesday, in order to his being
discharged.
5. Mr. Fowell Buxton,—Petition from the Prison Discipline So-
ciety aganst the Prisons Regulations Bill.
6. Lord John Russell,—Resolution, expressive of the sense enter-
tain d by this House of the services of Henry Seymour, Esq.
‘7. Lord John Russell,—Bill to provide for tne further Reduction of
the Militia Staff.
S. Lord John Russell,—That the Committee on General Darling
take no cognizance of the Court-martial on Captain Robison.
9. Colonel Sibthorp,—On Second Reading of Ecclesiastical Courts
Bill, to move that it be read a second time that day three
months ; or to refer it to a Select Committee, to inquire into
the jurisdiction of Local Testamentary Courts.
10. 31r. Harvey,—To move the insertion of a Clause in the Ex-
penses at Elections Bill.
11. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,—Vote for providing
• pensation for the Owners of Slaves (in Committee or Sotitolyej
Church of Ireland

1. Mr. Harvey,—provision, That the interest on the million ad-
vanced to the Irish Clergy be raised by a rate.
2. Mr. Grattan,—To move an additional Clause.
3. Mr. Sharman Crr.wford,—To move an additional Clause.
4. Mr. Tooke,—Provision for disabled Curates and their Widows.
5. Mr. Lucas,—To move a clause for the more equitably appor-
tioning the deduction of 30 per cent. between lessor and lessees
of Impropriate Tithes.
6. Mr. French,—To move a Clause instead of Clause 89.

TUESDAY, AUGUST 4.-NOTICES OF MOTIONS.
1. Mr. Edward Lytton Bulwer,—Bill for the admission of Dis-
. .

senters to the 'Universities.
2. Mr. Maxwell,—To refer the Report of the Select Committee
on Hand-loom Weavers to a Committee of the whole House.
3. Mr. Hume,—Resolutions relating to official appointments.
4. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,—ln case the Return from the
Clerk of the Peace for the county of Carnarvon concerning
Justices of the Peace be not previously made, that he attend
at the Bar of the House.
5. Lord George Bentinck,—ln Committee on Weights and Mea-
sures Bill,—To move that all Coals, Cinders, and Culm, shall
be sold by weight.
6. Mr. Grantly Berkeley,—To call the attention of the House to
the Report of the Select Committee on the Stranger's Gsllery.
7. Mr. Thomas Duncombe,—Select Committee on Colonel Brad-
ley's case.
8. Mr. Hume,—To call the attention of the House tojthe Evidence
taken before the Select Committee respecting Orance Lodges.
9. Mr. Tulk,—Bill to provide for the payment, by the East India
Company, of compensation to Mr. Buckingham.
10. Sir Edward Codrington,—Petition from Timothy Bram*
Esq., for remuneration for materials used in the house built
for the late Duke of York.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
1. Weights and Measures Bill—Committee (at 12.)
2. Printed Papers—Resolution—Adjourned Debate thereupon.
3. Letters Patent Bill—Second reading (at 12.)
4. Parish Vestries Act Amendment Bill—Second reading.
5. Imprisonment for Debt (Scotland) Bill—Further consideration
of Report (at 12).
6. Arrestment of Wages (Scotland) Bill—Further consideration
of Report (at 12.)
7. Public Carriages (Metropolis) Bill—Repent (at 12.)
8. Instruments of Sassne (Scotland) Bill—Further consideration
of Report (at 12. )
9. Steam Vessels Pilotage Bill—Second reading.
10. Bankrupts Estates (Scotland) Bill—Further consideration of
Report (at 12. )-
11. Reform of Parliament (Scotland) Bill —.Further consideration
of Report.
12. Savings Banks (Scotland) Bill—Further consideration of Re. •
port.

WEDNESDAY, AUGUST S.—ORDERS OF THE DAY.
1. Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Bill—Second reading.
2. Civil Affairs (Ireland) Bill—Second reading.
3. Inns, Alehouses, and Victualling Houses Bill—Committee.
5. Poor Relief (Ireland) Bill—Committee.
5. Poor Employment (Ireland) Bill—Second reading.
6. Excise Incorporation (Scotland) Bill—Second reading.
7. Tonnage Adineasurement 13i11—Second reading.
8. Steam Vessels (Thames) Bill—Second reading.

NOTICE. Or MOTION.

Major Beauclerk,—ln Committee on Inns, Alehouses, land Vic.
tualling-houses Bill, to move that all such houses be allowe('
henceforward all kind of music for the entertainment of the
public.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 6.—NOTICES OF MOTIONS.

1. Afr.Wilks,—Foi the consideration and redress of the practical

Grievances of Protestant Dissenters.
2. Mr. Plumptre —Captain Acheson's case.
3. Mr. Ewart,—Address2 to the Crown in favour of the appoint.

_
ment of Peers for life.
4. Mr. Pemberton,—To call the attention of the House to the

present state of business in the Court of Chancery.
5. Mr. Tooke,—That a Committee of nine be appointed at the
commencement of each Session, to whom all Divorce, Estate,
and Naturalization Bills shall be referred.
6. Mr. Tooke,—To call the attention of the House to the Address
for granting a Charter to the University of London.
7. Mr. Mullins,—To move for a Commission on the present state

of the rush Fisheries.
IN Captain PLchell,—Bill for the amendment of the Law as to the
tithing of Turnips in certain cases.
9. Captain Pechell,—Bill for the recovery of Small Tithes.
10. krd Viscount Sandon —Bill to provide for the mair.tenance of
the Clergy and to abolish certain Church Rates in Liverpool.
11 . Mr. Sheil,—Papers relating to the affairs of the late Rajah of
Tanjore.
12. Mr. O'Loghlin,—Bill for facilitating the appointment of She-
riffs in Ireland.

ORDERS OF TIE DAY.
1. Hull Merchant Seamen's Fund Bill—Report (at 12.)
2. Marriage Act Amendment Bill—Committee (at 12.)
3. Cruelty to Animals Bill—Further consideration of Report (at 12.
4. Public Institutions Bill—Committee (at 12.)
5. Public Walks Bill—Committee (at 12.)
6. Sale of Bread Bill—Committee (at 12.)

FRIDAY, AUGUST 6.—ORDERS OF THE DAY.
1. Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Bill—Second reading.
2. Real Property Bill—Committee.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, AUGUST 1.
(Concluded from our First Edition of Saturday.)

Mr. KNIGHT had heard a good deal of despots, but he believed
that, of all the despots that existed in the world—of all the slavery
that ever existed—there never was a slave colony in any part
of America, whose code of laws was disgraced by such an infamous,
grinding, and detestable law as that which was contemplated by this
Act. It was inconsistent with the institutions of every civilized
country, and especialiy inconsistent with the rights that have hi-
therto been enjoyed by every Briton. He declared solemnly that
anything more infamous or disgraceful to the times they lived
in he could not conceive, than that a British House of Com-
mons should have passed a Bill containing such a clause. It
was, he would again repeat, inconsistent with the laws of this
country, or of any civilized one in Europe. This was one of
the many clauses of a Bill which, if they were to judge by
the publications circulated among the people, their Lordships
'were threatened, unless they passed it ; and Englishmen ,vote.ss
deluded into thinking so, under a lamentable ignorance of all that
lurked in the document. Their Lordships' attention had been
already directed to section eighty-nine, which related to bye-
laws, and by it the council were empowered to impose fines for
nuisances, which were not punishable under any existing law.
Whether this related to private nuisances or not he (Mr. Knight)
knew not; it was only another of the million legal obscurities and
absurdities which the Bill created. The whole regulation of the lives
and morals of such of the King's subjects as had the misfortune to
live in these boroughs, was thus placed under the absolute controul
of. the Town Council, mitigated only by the discretion of the
Home Secretary for the time being. There was nothing
to prevent the restoration of the " Curfew," or any other
most tyrannical and intolerable interference with the habits
of society at large by this omnipotent Council. There was another
provision relative to the payment of all monies arising out of the
Corporation property to the treasurer, for the benefit of the inhabitants
and the improvement of the borough ; and in addition to this, the
counsel was authorized to make a rate sufficient for all the purposes
of the Act—there was to be an appeal with respect to the fairness
and equalization of the rate, but none as to its policy.' As the law
at present stood any necessary improvements could be made, but
should this Bill pass, there would be theatres, and hotels, and
dancing-rooms, and tea-gardens required as indispensably necessary
for the improvement of the town, and for the accommodation of
the Town Council and their ladies. Against the policy of this
there could be no appeal, and above all, the rate was to be
laidon by those who would pay little or no portion of it. It was
evident that the powers of the King and the House of Lords were
as nothing at all to the most absolute, grinding, unappealing des-
potism of the Town Councils. And these men would be people
without education, property, or any claim to the station they
would be called upon to fill. If he (Mr. Knight) apprehended
the Bill would pass, much as he loved his country, rather
than live within those degraded and marked districts, and be
subjected to the tyranny of those Town Councils, if there were no
other place to live in in England, he would rather fly from it than
submit to have the tyranny which the Bill legalized. If there
was any one who heard him whose motto was cure paella eerier
libertas he must agree in this opinion. He now came to the 67th
and 63th sections, which related to the public charities vested in the
hands of the Corporations. Without reference to the wills of the
donors, to any of the objects of the charity, or the charities them.
selves, these were all to be placed under the controul of a Com-
mittee of the Town Council. The Report of the Select Com-
mittee on Public Charities wettld give their Lordships some
idea of the enormous amount of the flitgis to be thus
placed in the power of these Town Councils or their Committees.
Under this Bill any three insolvents who may happen to be upon
the Trust Committee of the Town Council, would have nothing
more to do than to combine together for any one purpose—by so
doing they might sell out 100,8001. of Stock, or more, of the funds
of the town, and if they happened to live near the coast, they might
be iu Calais or Rotterdam before any one knew of the matter.
