TUE REV. MR. 'IIARCLAVs PATENT ANTIBiI,

()US
. .
IT
A u‘tthn: ra olrtilhaerkl),-(L. sttif Mccedlrcti:inrea,t celebrated
that pc(i7.4 Buchan,
the Stomach and. Bowels are the prevailing Mal;e;y or th s -
Country,. Which by tho.rotilidAtigqi of tip., more formidable
and brat Dise.ises; that the neis,n who c.nihi iik...ever for
the relief and core 4 :;41e and infallible reinet.tywt ,i
oiiiiwdot,,eerry.
term a most important, service to society, rlla
has new been made in. the Patunt %Nimbi:ions fill; °idle
Rev. ttart.lay, the extensive sale of wine)), and
the high estimation. in, which they are deservedly hid, has
eon iroorably lessened the number of these comphtints.; and
bids lair, in a shot; time, to be rite means 91 sntirely clad].
caring them The, se, rills have a quiet: and sate operation,
they aet powerfully ,net 'specilically on the Bile and thus
remove the numerols disowess conneaed with it, Sick
Head... Aches, Flatulence, Liver Coin plaint's, launilk:c, Nor.
vous Disorders train Indigestion, occ. 'They are the tlitiSt
valuable Family Medicine hitherto oil' red to the Public,
and the Proprietor is supported' by the most respectable
evidence of the first ChataCters of the Nobility and others,
that they have 11,:vel been atitninistered to arty person without
giving certain m.t speedy relief, and in the end completing a
CUM,
This valuable Medicine, having been used with success,
is recommen.lcd by the following distingrushed Personages;
The Right Hon. Viscount Dillon.
The Lord Bishop or Bath and Wells. .
Sir John Iloneywood, Bart. M. P. for lioniton.
Sir Stephen Lushingtan, H.q.:. M.P. for•Penyn.
Thomas 4stion, Esq. M.P. for-Litchfteld.
James Aroyatt, Esq. M.P. for Seitithamptou.
Nicholson Calvert, Esq. M.P. for Ilerttord
Edmund Boehm, Esq. New-street Spring Gardens.
Thornas'llainnwsley, Esq.
G. W. Dickes, Esq. Private Secretary to-the Archbishop
of Canterblity.
Tiw Key. Mr. Dititock, Librarian to the Archbishop.
'Cecil Pori-stet, Esq. hf.P. for Wentocit.
Sold wholasitio and retail by Mr. Butler, No. 4,Chespsido;
and retail b' Mr. Kitty, Snilforil.street, Old hind-street;
!Ar. Sitattoit, Leli..k.ster-square; Bacou and L :50s. X.
t C aid by all. respectable Venders ut Town arid
(omlfry.
CAttion -01sitIVe the name. of 'William Barclay is en.
fr.rve.t on tiic 5r,h11),' whi.ol is affixed or the outside wrap..
i,,tr of each box ;. wit so itAttlPtltl at.: a dattgCtol,ls

00 los. Vir 'wigs amplz disettions.

/ a

• • •
lklylp-IGottebburgli Dublin. Dq2,-,!..lEutten:
burgh, z Duthin, 3 Waterford'. •

PRICE OF STOCKS
TTITS DAY At TWELVE O'CLOCK. •
Cfmsols for Opening 644 I Rai. Ann. - 431

THE SUN‘

powtts QUIB DICSKL /ALBUM AVDIAT

L 0 ND 0 .N;

TUCSDAY, JANUARY 12, 1808.

Intelligence, we understand, reached Town this
inorning, that the American Congress have resolved,
by a very'large majority to put the A& prohibiting
the importation of any articles trom 'Gre4t Britain,
ilito force.

Tuts morning another GottenburB4 'Vail arrived,
but it adds.very little to the intelligence which we
hid, previously received. The two Danish Ships of
the Line, which were ilia Port in Norway*when we
;,w)lt. possession -pi the IJ.inisli Fleet, have returned
to Copenhagen. The Duchy of Meeklerthurgh is
at 1.,1)5th..t0 be evacuated by the French ; orders to
tart etUA have been issued.; . but an Adjutant Com-
rualt;lant and a lia!talion are to rentaip for the pur-
pse of pi-eve:l6l)g the introtluaion of any English
Mcrchandize.

Xt appears that General &WARY is extremely ac-
live.in endeavouring to induce the Itudsian Govern 7.
went to adopt the same system of confiscation and
plunder, with tespeCt to English property, which
BuoIgAPARTE has enforced in the minor States on
the Continent. He has uot yet, however, fully
,succeeded. The following Letters we believe, con-
ta4l:3 the latest' information upon that subjed

" ST. 1).3T1 SI36IIGHp• Nov. 22,- (Dec.:4).—A
I)Tll:tation Oiiice, fur the settlemelt of all claims
),.et,,N con the ilt4ssi,in and Engiish,.i9 now establish-
d, acid the Counseflor-ofState.4All,;ovv isappointed
Preiide,it : the Merchants who are to compose tfie
(:4);nio.:tfo.e will be nominated by the Minister bere-
atter. la the Mean time, afr arrest is ordered on
all
'bills and debts owing to the -English,. the payment
'i)1: Which Will be ena&ed by the said office. None
.L
established I\l,.2fchants. Will. be.per-

Ulitted to leave this country till our Govertunent
ascertain that. Russian prOpeity in gligland has
Leen respedted, and all bills drawn from halide duly
Accepted 411 d paid." •

:ilotat of the. Letters received by the Mails which
arrived yesterday give a most. distressing account of
the situation 'to which the unfortunate KiNg of
I's vistit has been reduced. Though still invested
...vith the title of Royalty, and still notpinolly pos-
-8,1,6in5, considerable territories, her isitot only. unable,
front the continued exa6tions of his insatiable Con-

'fiiueror3, to keep up an appearance of Regal State,
but he has scarcely the, tnegns of maintaining the '
rank of priv;,te Gen!letuzib: His ward is diS-
.ctiisSed; his attention:4. Eecluced, and his table never
,911taitis more than two covers. Such is the situa-
6Dn of the VII w!.O, at the of the year t 805,
bold in his lionti the fate of the CiAtinent

1.~~ r~-w
.' ...~~)j/1. ~~,.

61.11 Cilklll,Efi COTTPN Was, C3{pened to sail yes-
why, with the Aliiplaur, from Fiilmoulb, The
Transports will follow. him immecliatoly, uncler the
convoy of the 414/ope,. •

T,-tter4 from Lighon Of the 94 incl. reached Town
yu;t-rdity ; they contain no Intelligence of import-
,a ,4e. The 144ehange had fallen to 25 per Cent.
Accounts we, e alto 'received, frOrn•Bilhoa of
the it3d ult. ; st that ti.ue tut accounthad reached
.1 place of the French' haviog entered Madrid.
• ,

with much conck2rn we find that the Rotnnn .
Cf4tholdoi of ntl reinlved to fenew their
Ipplic.omn to Flt 5 M J %V.l* Y for the .extinclion of all
pcnal re.striainin; the,:dt. The
y tiwc is tn:“.iii.ntly not favourable to the.
of soh a aubje' a, and as the wiser part of
the Cathelle Body uthst. be aware °lam impolicy of •
su.ch prQten,in US at the v,yestnt critical mo-
mew., we cannot hot f.;:el much surprhie that they
shotll snt"fa to he's°. ftr irdidenced by
or 112,1111: iwrsoui to consent to hold
0 r:lc..:.!ti;ig fue soc:i au Gl3jt.-::1 at this Rwful
io the duty an,l the in_
t icst 1,1 C.V:4O of 111611 to .!:;ivo staunch
1 c.0.;.v.1.;,15tip,,,0rt to that Con ion NN Loch
kCpt. all the theadful events

w

t t

ut:my States, which have
its ccutre, and brought all of it,
the iron yoke of a 11,11.1,i-

lict u.:l thou contiluAo to struggle;
„ our just rights, end there :cart be no
t will be ill: objc.4.tof Govertim tit,a
,i 1 period, to rentkr every braneb of the
1 IypoislLle, .celisteot with the
ilk" of the vihole.

cr ?- hy we
~11) our psio 3 ,
, / oil the condust of Lord

STRANGtORD, tielative to the affair of Poringll, in
answer to the 11 merited attacl4'of the Opposition
Writers 'on that ati4able and accomplished

man.
... .
While Lord, RonEaT FITZGERALD was trancrilly
enjoying himself at home, what was " the writer
Of songs about blue eyes" engaged in, and how were
-his moments employed ?.At.a-rnost difficult period;,
for no one but the. Morning Chronicle will be fool
hardy enough to deny that a Nation, trembling in
.ihe -grasp of a rapacious and powerful Tyrant, and
compelled to purchaSe a.precarious and feverish re-
pose by sacrifices eternally. renewed, and eternally
increasing, can ever be considered 'as,otherWise than
in a state of danger and alarm :—At a mostidifficult
period, Lord STRANGFORD becomes- sole Resident
•at the COUrt of Lisbon. Master cf their langUage,
he sedulously cultivates the friendship of the Portu-
guese. He. watches over the commercial interests
of his countrymen with increasing anxiety : By the
extent and accuracy of his.information, he is enabled
to forewarn them of approaching evils, and by the
influence of his charmer, and the excellence of his
understanding, to persuade the Prince of. Portugal,.
in despite of the.perfidy and hostility employed in
Fonnteraaing his advice, to embrace a measnrsvno
less gloridus:for himself . than advantageous to. this
Country and to Europe—to fly from slavery and op-
pression, and in another hemisphere, to ere& a
nobler throne with happier, destinies. Even when
M.
the Prince listened to the voice of hirelings arid trai-
tors,•• and was on the point of falling into the snare
which the common enemy of mankind had spread
fbr him, Lord STRANGFORD lost neither his activity
nor his sense of duty. to his Country, nor his long
cherished ardour for the welfare of the PRINCE RE-
GENT ;,but, on the Appearance of Sir SIDNEY SMITH,
whose Expedition :form's' a most' happy contrast to
that of LOO ST. VINCRNT, returned to his mission,
. and prevailed on, the Portuguese Court once more
.
tUadoptH those generous and salutary councils of
which they had lost sight Or a' tiine and to sail
under the proteaion and • auspices of Great. Britain
,
to thlt mighty Empire which sos;impatiently await-
cd them. ' .

triumphantly executed hi 4, mission, and
taken an affeaionate leave of the Prince whoselhO-
nour, and whose life, perhaps, he had Saved, Lord
STRANGPORD returns to his Country to receive' the
just reward• of his merits in. the applause of his fel-
low-subjeas, and the• approbation of his gracious
Sovereign. That he has not been disappointed in

eithei., mud give pleasare to every well-disposed

mind which will learn, with additional satisfac-
tion, that he has been raised to that' station which
Lo'rd ROBERT FITZGERALD SO long occupied (which
Mornin,r Chronicle, perhaps, thinks be should
still occupy), and appointed Resident Minister to
the Court of Brazil.

With all the great and good qualities whiCh the
Morning Chronicle gives the man whom it delights
to honour, and which are. enumerated above, it
thinkS' he may yet prove.. inefficient, " unlesS he
possess some weight with the MeMbers of the Court
by his previous intercourse with tl4m." We might
rest, if necessary, the justification of Ministeri in
the appointment of ,Lord STRApGFORD, ou this
simple point. On whose side is the " intercourse i"
Qn the man who has, constantly, resided with the
Portuguese Court during two years of unexampled
anxiety, Shared their distress, partaken their dangers,
and finally contributed to rescue them from im-
pending destruelion ; Or. on him whso, if, remem-
bered at all, a remembered, perhaps, with dislike,
4 having foregone their " intercourse," and, at a
safe distance, looked on the crisis of their fate with
,uninterrupted tranquillity and self-possessif;n ? Yet:
it'is for making a 'decision. in 'which Government
must have been anticipated by all but the followers'
of Faaien, that the Morning ChrOnicle is.pleased to.
say*" We are not without hopei that, the public
voice may yet be raised to -chastise Ministers for
their pernicious conduClin this instance, if it should
fail to make Om review and abandon it." The pur-
port of the last , words cannot be mistaken
intinniation is of as little avail as flattery. ,The sa-
lary of Lard Itopu'r FITZ'OIiALD has ceased ; and
if Mil:iisters he induced to tnakeany,alteratlon, nei-
ther reason nor justice call upon
,then to make it in
favour of that Nohletilan.
After labouring through two ctil,a-trms to prove
that Loral STRANGFORD has neither wit nor wealth,
nor worth, the Morning Chronicle adMits that upon
reading the Ministerial accounts he, was induced to
give_ hint some Creckit for his
,conclua
" ; and he de-
sires his readers to recollect t that he was the first
tO 'express his hopes that his deserts might not, go
unrequited.7' Probably a subordinate situation in
B"raakiti, While another received a large ;salary for
•
doing 'nothing of home, was in his thoughts;: But
when the Gazette appeared, and spewed that his
Lordship had concluded hi fusel f withctlual tirMness,
prudence, and success, in a business of the hig'heSt
import to the interests or, his Country ; when, in,
faue,it became evident th:t he co mid no longer re:.
main in subordination to Lord AOB4 FITZGERAtx,

the 4larm w taken, and the world laformed, tt ith
all tint parade of importance,, and'all thti afritaation
of disiuterest, that, iii the,f4pinion of the Morning
Chronicle, the promotion of such 4, man wag an
injustice to the deserving, and a sacrifice of the
best interests of the Country."

We auspeet that' it) fortnitig this opinion; as the
Chronicle say‘ he did, on the Gazette, he was some
what precipitate. If he had fortunately waited for
.the dispatChes 41Veneral JUNO; :he would have
found ihat Lord STavNarozo, whom he declares
" to have done nothing," aCtually did a great deal.—
That Officer who' unluckily was not aware of the
dilemma to which he was about to reduce the Mor-
ning Cloonicle, explicitly gives all the discredit of
influencing the, PRINCE REGENT to the desperate
measure of embarkation, 'to the English Minister.--,
He thought, good honest soul, " that the PRINCE
was well satisfied of the kindness meant by BUONA.,
I'ARTE towards him; 'and determined to await his
visit (to say the truth this Wps gtually did case) ;"
" but the+ 'pernicious persuasions of the English
changed his determination, and precipitated his..de-
pat Lure !." --It is with reltuaance that we point out
this decisive evidence in favour of Lord STRANG-
. roue to the notice of the writer the Morning
Chronicle, because we know that his.candeur is al-
ways excited in favour of an enemy's statements,
and that he Will think himself obligorl, at- the cost
of many a pang, to retraa his own opinion in favour
of them. •
If the declaration of the General be not sufficient,
we can venture to assure'.•hitu that' when ,IIoONA
PARTE &account of the same event mai; 25 its appear-
ance, it will corroborate, in every instance, the pre-
viOns lamentations of JUNOT, and attribute this last
spirited aa of the PRINCE of the BRAZII, to Lord
'S'eRANGPORD. From such authQrities, we believe
the Morning Chronicle Will, not dare, to appeal. ; if
he we desire otir Readers to observe that it
will be for the first and only time. •
We trust that what. we have.sai.l w;1 have the
di-e& ofabating.the blind ne4ignity of the writer
laded to. He already complains that " We, reply
to his attacks on
.the present Ministers, by sheaving
that their immediate, predecessors Were infinitely
More obnoxious to theM." Even this should teach
him prudence; It with 'our limited information we
can retort his charges so efreatially, the beSeech Mtn
to retie& that the eonsequeticeS will be yet more fatal
to his friends, when his continued insolence and in-
justice shall•have compelled .those who possess the
damning documents of their rnalversation to lay them

before the PLblic. The annals of the British Nation
may be searched in vain for an Administration less vin-
dialve, less prone to trample those whO lie at their
• e 0... • •
mercy, than the present : yet the forbearance of the
patient patriarch wasat length exhausted by injustice.
and it may be worth the consideration of the'Partizans
of the, most unpopular Ministry that ever excited
,the terror and detestaiien of .a country, whether
. some forecast in the choice of their writers, and
some. tempeiance in th'.l prosecution of their abuse,
.
may not .be expedient, to avert that replicatiOn
which must invOlve" both them and their employers
in everlasting shame and disgrace.

The Prince of WArms will not, it is said, go to
Court on the ensuing Monday, but will pay his con-
gratulatory compliments to his Royal Mother, in the
forenoon of that day; at the Queen's House. The
Princess of WALcs will go to the Drawing-room on
:Monday neat; but her Highness's mother does not
mean to be present.

.A report has of late been afloat in military-circles,
that a very large Expedition will ere king be fitted:
out, the destination South America, to be Corn-
-manded by Sir J. Moore, with some of our ablest
Generals • that Government has determined that the
'stain or the British arms shall be wiped off in that
:quarter. It thought that now the conquest- of
Spanish Americq will. be both an easy and more
valuable acquisition froth its neighbourhood to the
'Brazils.

.MajoreGenero Ss ERAROOKE now commands in
Sicily. Brigadier-General CAMPBELL, 6 tst, is second
ht command ; and the Honourable Brigadier-General
STEWART,. who commanded.. Rosetta, likewise re-
mains at Messina. The 20th Dragoons, 28th,.
3 lst, and all the strong Regim.ents,were left in Sicily
by Sir ,TonN lVfoona. Gen. 811E11B/100KB has alorce
of 9000 men tinder him : many ()dicers and some
men• are now going out to join by the Fleet abont
to sail for the Mediterranean.

A circular letter has been issued in Ireland, by Sir'
ARTHUtt Wei.f.aBl.EY, dated Dublin Castle, De 7
cetnher ct, .
tipon the .Q.rlik.'ers of Yeomanry
Corps to appoint tilted days ofeNercise in each month
for each,respeiaive corps, and urging them to com-
plete each to its establishment with men fit for ac-
tive service, and of approved loyalty. .
We have received NeW York tapers to the, t
of December. They bring •intelligence from the
seat of Goveriiirient to the stlis The following is
the only article of interest in their contents :
WAsinoToN, Dco. 7.:—A,,few minutes after
~twwlvt o'clock, this.day, a Confidential message was
recci;vod from the .Presiclent of the United States.
The galle.ries were immediately Cleared; and the
o, ,ors dosed. -1 romtioed'in'the.Capital until dusk,
when, as.there appeared no prc)bability of the doors
being opened,' I left 'it. 'Plus Message probably et:h-
r,iins the dispathps
said to, be no later than the, inthtitiober;. whatever
may be its purport, or Wl)ether it involves the mo-
mentous quesuQn of PeAcie or War, yet uncertain::

GOTTEN. 111,11 L.

•

• FIE-I.SING.PURGII4 Nov. 29.--The 11.u.ssian "rnre7;
",ClALoreus, had his audience of leave of his.SWediah
Majesty on the 17th inst. and the next day set out
