FASHIONABLE INTELLIGENCE.

Lord ARRIVALS.
the Earl' elsborough, in Pall-mall, from his seat in Wales ;
hiil)gh and Countess of Bradford, from Castle Bromage, Mr-
; Lord John Thynne, M.P., in Hill-street, Berkeley-
e, from Longleat ; the Right Hon. Thomas Grenville, in
Stull, la—square, from Dropmore; the Right Hon. Wm.
batt'setilu,lne; in Brook-street, from Herts; Baron Pagel, at
Lundy ,:`"; Dover-street, from the Hague; Mrs. Croker and
Rright'o"“htto, from Paris; Wilson, Esq , at ditto, from
and thenj the Earl and Countess of Hopetown, Lord Hope,
squat_ non. Miss Macdonald, at Thomas's Hotel, Berkeley-
from
Brighton • L. O'Bryan, Esq., at the Brunswick
their ',"'lloYn-street from a tour • Lord and Lady Lake, at
tioria"eat in Herts from Brightson ; Count de Conroy, at
Sereir, Rotel, Trafalgar-iquare, from Paris ; Count de
Btirli St ditto, from ditto; the Earl of Ashburnham, at the
ki,„;gtori Hotel, Burlington and Cork streets, from Battle,
'l' -7 ; the Hon. P. Ashburnham, at ditto, from ditto; Wm.
J:rreve,:l
7" Cox, Esq., and Mrs. Cox, at the Royal Hotel,
-JO-street, from Brighton.
Lard DEPARTURES.
)44 Adolphus Fitzclarence, for Windsor Castle; the
pis and Marchioness of Lansdowne, for Richmond; Lord
Earße Lennox, from Regent's.park, for Portsmouth ; the
liftborough and the Hon. Mr. Ponsonby, for Dorset-
st,eet, the Rev. George Jennings, from Batt's Hotel, Dover-
kin' kr Cambridge ; Mr. and Mrs. Brookes, from ditto, for
froin Cr ; Messrs. Bagge, Miss Bagge, and Miss Salisbury,
1r? !co-rawleY's Hotel, Albemaile.street, for their seat in
Ramsgate; the Earl and Countess of Munster and family, for
kook ; Viscount Powerscourt, from Mivart's Hotel, Lower
Sy,;%.sreet. for Dublin ; the Hon. John Grey, from Earl
'
Lady
,!„"owning-street' for the Continent; Sir William and
the natterton, from Seymour-place, May-fair, for Ireland ;
°te's Of Surrey, ft; r the Duchess of Sutherland's seat,
the , Surrey ; Colonel and Charles Colville, Esq., from
Ilurra:Yfat Hotel for Durfield, Derbyshire; Sir George
Jernew;,Zhro ditto, for Scotland ; Captain Rose, from the St.
liurlingtoucitie,l* for Northamptonshire; N. Bull, Esq., from the
Sunder ; Hotel, Burlington and Cork-streets, for Dublin ;
rot
reside d; Esq., on a tour ; N. Ogle, Esq., from ditto,
rhos' /;,,,ne in Baker-street the Mayor of Liverpool and
"*Ler, Es_.,
4 from ditto, for Liverpool.

BANK OF ENGLAND.

411 Apr, (Prom the Loll
1141,/„.T of the LIABI
Mohti7s °I ENGLAND, on
ending the It f A
bCircuIat'CIABILITIEss o Pr'
ASSETS.
e 6. on ..
X425,970,01'0
Po .......... 19,097,000 Securities ............... 14,011,000 Bullion 9,431,000

ndon Gazette.)
ILITIES and ASSETS of the
the Average of the last Three
.11, 1834.

Bank
of 33,108,000
..ngland, A pril 2, 18

NATIONAL DEBT.

X 35,401,000

8103,1 Lords Commission of his Majesty's T rea-
Red avitiction of certified to the Commissioners for the f
te
the National Debt, in pursuance oeteha.
4et 10th George IV ,c. 27, sec. 1, that the a I
1311.1)11!s revenue of ;he United Kingdom
Britain and Great
Ireland, beyond the actual expenditureof
187 q, for the y ended the sth day of Januar.y,
Thernourited to the sum of 1,513,083/. Ils. 6d._,
National C"lmissioners for the Reduction of the
3M,2i I),ht hereby give notice, that th
said surplus' st: loid. (being one-fourth paret sour the
under the 0 11513 "31. I is. 6-id.) will be applied
'day oi. April,
Provisions' of the said act, between the 7th
the folio 13.r),11' 1834, and the sth day of July, 1834, to
To wl..g Purposes, viz.:—
Georgerepay the Bank of England, per sth
IV., the advanced
by the Bank to pay th Sumse
Proprietors o
41. per Cent Stock who did not assent
to receive 31. 10s. per Cent. Stock in
lieu thereof
To be applied to the purchase of Stock

Add interest receivable on account of do-
nations and bequests, to be applied to
the purchase of stock

£l2B 12 7
378,142 5 3i

378,270 17 10}

3 6 7

£378,274 4 5i

Nation S. HIGHAM, Comptroller-General
al Debt-office, March 25.

THE BONAPARTE FAMILY and FRANCE.

""sPlih Napoleon Bonaparte has published the
fi)11 •
owing letter to the subscribers of the petitions
'ttitesed to the Chamber of Deputies calling for
c rePeal f the law of banishment enacted in 1815
N:,a,i nr..st the family of Napoleon :
(4 ti''re gentle family
voice has been raised in favour
hks4 family of Napoleon. We 107 to believe that it
favour "Pressed a popular wish.
.Still it has not been
the sitlllY received by the majority of the Chamber in
are sitting of the 22d February.
llot le Notwithstanding,
hearty
gratitlid ssbound to offer you the tribute of our
tile r --"e' 48 well as to the members of the minority,
c, 'V organs of the national sympathies. .
_steriai
(1).4.114t11,a,t occasion the presiden. t of the M i
,idjor..
~L'e Duke of Dalmatia, Marshal Soult,
(Id 'hief%eral of the Emperor at Waterloo,
forth
myas
our ac,.„ ei the staff in Andalusia, &c., stood. s
darilizs.:ser, nd, not satisfied with proscribing is
' hadll°llgh to assert that the brothers of Napoleonu.n
triau not refrained in foreign countries from the -
rNensAiet. factions ' I alone, of all the brothers
arLod alt,e,°eri, resided in. a free country at the FT-
Fondit, la revolution in 1830. I was alone in
whose 8 I')e to recall to France the son of Napoleon, with
wrot eftioleots,
altoether French, I was acquainted.
NePteineh'° the Chamber of Deputies on the 18th. of
1' 48 b 0-11:, 1830 fro New York. The new King
lint ier,leaulled When mmy letter reached, Paris ; it was
11,1, Ile7,,,nithbe Chamber-. I arrived in England
ua.ft.eiu
",:s4rlial:),7"l, Bill, and on the same day saw in thep public
.ip, broil;e, announcement of the premature death
uof
rane ' s orPhan. At the same time I learne th
. tier thewas still closed to us. I remained therein un-
dece't; s'eal securities (which in this place are not
the voice illusions) in expectation of the momentse__: when
'IN% ee of the French people, restored to If, would
I)) rangers that monument of national bondage demanded
t!oa, Z,llsers, through a hatred of the French revolu-
t'''e °f that of that which had been the most representa-
,, eroat revolution
itillY a Prance of July has erected his statubelhgistfha;
Ilartie ,Z, still proscribed, their only crime
healluot he Th Napoleon has bequeathed
.tostthem. I
law will
--e
retie 1,P,1 indulging a hope that this unit'
11°t so to4ll-",,: With my best wishes have I pressed it,
but rath --"" account of my own
till i
moreer -1.4 behalf of fifty members of our family, and
-
private interests,
r4g,tlBtiatietrizuat;l all, for the sacred interest of the o
dignity,
ill
reaciiiell; are the intrigues of which I take a pleasure
4wPitteal tero'rlthg a. full account to m. y. fellow-citizens. I
li ' uripartiality of their judgment, and they.
avail' ersevere •
ef• i',R th lu manifesting it in a legal. manner, by
•„,Pethri,, eaiselves of the sacred and inalienable right
dLeititgou,ses,4l
uif the Paris police can discover any other
4 Proof 5 the jgo them to disclose them to the Presi-
)l,, la 5i,,,, attncil—l defy him to produce. a single
",` Wish t,,-14Port of his calumnious assertions. I do
. ' With - recriminate further.
inis• resp • • for giving us per-
on t ect to the proposition
Pleasur 0 reside in France, according to the good
believeetLef the ministers, we trust that no one will l'ish to gat a single member of our family would ever
to ier,,2eturn to it, stripped of the security of the
ere
tilt":
family
It would be a strange spectacle truly,
great People arfillY of Napoleon to constitute amongst a
a class of ministerial hostages ! It could

not have been, certainly, to degrade us that you de-
manded our return ; and the members of the Chamber
of .Deputies who repudiate the law that deprives us of
our right as citizens, have been the interpretets of our
sentiments and of yours. It is the country, with all
the rights and all the responsibilities of a citizen, that
we seek for, which you seek for us, and we hope to
obtain from the nation's will.

" In order to decry us before the eyes of the new
generation, and to justify both the banishment and
confiscations with which we have been visited, they
have made us pretenders. We belong to:the age in
which we live—we are the creatures of France, in
1804—Frenchmen, subordinate to the will of France,
in 1834. We are aware that the generation of to-day
is not bound by the will of its ancestors, that nations
may perpetuate, alter, modify, restore, and destroy
whatever has been established in former times, and
under a different state of circumstances. We have
ever known that families, as well as individuals, were
bound to free nations by obligations and not by rights.
Had Napoleon been alive at this day, he would have
concurred with us ; he would have recognised the
sovereignty of the French people, who alone have the
right to give that government which seems most to
their interest or according to their pleasure, nay, even
according to its caprice. The dictatorship, too long
maintained by Napoleon, has made him an object of
contempt with some persons. This dictatorship was
prolonged by the perverseness of the foes of the revo-
lution, who affected to obliterate in his person
the principle of National Sovereignty, of which
he was but the emanation. But at the general peace,
universal suffrage, the liberty of the press, and all the
guarantees of enduring prosperity of a great nation,
which he contemplated, must have wholly unveiled
him to France, and must have enabled all his contem-
poraries to form the same judgment of him as posterity
will entertain. His whole thoughts were known to me,
and my duty is to proclaim them loudly. He sacrificed
himself on two occasions to avoid a civil war in France.
Those who inherit his name would renounce for ever
the felicity of breathing the air of that country, could
they believe that their presence would- be a source of
the slightest disturbance to her peace. Never will they
relinquish their appeal to the nation.
" Such are the principles, the opinions, and feelings
of the whole of the members of the family of Napoleon,
of whom I am the organ—all for the people, and by
the people.
" With such sentiments, gentlemen and fellow-citi-
zens, shall we vindicate, I trust, the patriotic anxiety
which you have testified towards us.

"JOSEPH NAPOLEON BONAPARTE."

EAST INDIA SHIPPING.

The Brazilian, for the Mauritius, off Dover, sailed
Dec. 15, passed St. Helena Jan. 25 • the Parkfield,
from Bombay, at Liverpool, sailed Dec., St. Helena
Feb. 12 ; the Bombay, from the South Seas, in the
Downs ; the Elora, from Bombay, in the Clyde, sailed
Nov. 1, Cape Jan. 17 ; the Grace, from Bombay, at
Gravesend, sailed Nov. 20, St. Helena, Jan. 29.
Arrivals at Bombay—The Rapid, from Liverpool,
Nov. 10; the Charlotte, from Cbina, 11 ; the Coote,
from Penang, 15 ; the Lowjee Family, from Bengal,
15 ; the Undaunted, from Newcastle, 15 ; and Vir-
ginia, from Bengal, 15 ; the Marquis of Hastings,
from London, and Hydrads, from Bengal, 16 ; the
Princess Charlotte, from Liverpool, 17.
Departures from Bombay—The Cavendish, Ben-
tinck, for Liverpool, Nov. 17 ; the Amherst, the
Euphrates,. and Royal Tiger, for the Persian Gulf,
20 ; the Grace, for London, and Earl of Eldon, for
Bengal, 20.
Arrivals at St. Helena—The Balguerie, from
China, Feb. 3, and sailed 4, for Bordeaux ; the Ba-
tavia, from Batavia, 4, and sailed 5, for Rotterdam ;
the Dominica, from Mauritius, 5, and sailed 9, for
London ; the Rapid, from Bombay, 5, and sailed 6,
for Liverpool ; the Diligence, from Batavia, 6, and
sailed 8, for Amsterdam ; the Gloucester, from the
Mauritius, 6, and sailed 7, for London ; the Neder-
lander, from Batavia, 7, and sailed 8, for Amsterdam ;
the Zeuw, from Batavia, 8, and sailed 8, for Amster-
dam ; the Grecian, from Ceylon, 11 ; the Hanover,
from Singapore, 12.
Arrival at Canonore—The Lady M'Naghten, from
—, Dec. 1, and to sail 2, for Cuddinpore and
Madras, from whence she expected to sail for London,
Feb. 4.

His Majesty's grand annual banquet to the
Duke of Wellington and the Knights of the Garter,
will take place on Wednesday, the 23d inst.
_ _ _

The Vice-Chancellor entertained the Speaker
of the House of Commons and Lady Manners Sutton,
and a select party at dinner on Wednesday.

His Excellency Count D'Aglie, the Sardi-
nian Ambassador, is expected to-morrow at Crawley's
Hotel, Albemarle-street, from Paris.
Lord James Stuart is on his return from
Italy to take his seat for the Ayr district of Burghs,
for which his lordship has been returned during his
continental tour.

Lord Denman is about to remove from
Russell-square to Portland-place, where he has taken
the extensive mansion built by the late Sir Edward
Hughes.

Lord Althorp has left Leamington in, War-
wickshire, for his seat at Weston-house, near Bawtry,
Yorkshire, and is expected to return to Downing-street,
early next week.
FASHIONS OF BUENOS AYREs.----Sombre-
ros de la Restauracion (Restoration Hats).—Gen-
tlemen's.. hats, of a deep red colour, under the above
denomination, have within this week come into fashion.
—Nov. 23.

MECHANICS' HALL OF SCIENCE.—We
refer our readers, with great pleasure, to an advertise-
men in another page, of the operiing of a new Institu-
tion in the City road, Finsbury, the objects of which,
we understand to be the dissemination of really useful
knowledge to the people on all subjects connected
with social polity, scien,ce, and the arts.
ROYAL IRISH YACHT CLUB.—The club
is making preparations for sea. There are thirteen
new cutters now on the stocks ; these, when launched,
will make eighty-three yachts in the club ; and the
number of members exceed four hundred. The officers
for the ensuing year are—patron; the King ; vice-
patron, Marquis Wellesley ; commodore, Marquis of
Donegal; vice-commodore, Sir R. G. Booth, Bart. ;
secretaries, Lieut.-Colonel Owen Lloyd, and Lieut.
Hutchinson, R.N.

THE NEW GRAND ARCHERY GROUND,
REGENT'S PARK.—The new grand archery ground in
the Regent's Bark is now nearly completed. The
grand lawn is very extensive, and within the last few
days nine lofty banks of earth have been erected for
the purpose of supporting the targets. The walks
are tastefully arranged, and a light iron railing sur-
rounds the green sward. The grand lodge, in which
the subscribers will take refreshments, is also
finished. A high bank with a thick fence has been
constructed to prevent the gaze of passengers in the
public road. The entrance will be over the bridge of
the ornamental waters, in front of St. Marylebone new
church.

ST. ALBAN'S ABBEY.—On Thursday
evening the ball in aid of the funds for the restoration
of this ancient structure took place in the Town-hall,
at St. Alban's. It was attended by all the rank and
fashion of the surrounding neighbourhood. Soon
after nine o'clock the company began to assemble, and
at ten dancing commenced to Weippert's band, hich
was kept up with great spirit till a late hour. Among
the company present were—the Earl and Countess of
Verulam, the Dowager Lady Salisbury, Lord Grim-
ston, the Hon. Edward Grimston; Lord and Lady
Frances Beauclerk, Admiral Gould, Sir C. Dalbiac,
the Rev. Mr. Small, the Misses Small, Levi Arnie,
Esq., George Martin, Esq., Solly, Esq. Francis
Seranck, Esq., John Kinder, Esq., F. d. Blagg,
Esq., Kingston, Esq., the Mayor of St. Alban's, &c.
The Americans who visit this country pride
themselves on their superiority in respect both to go-
vernment and religion. Why do they not 'prove that
superiority by destroying slavery, and reriTering their
prisons other than they are represented' to be, viz.,
the most loathsome in the world? As we judge of
men rather by their conduct than their professions, so
ought we to judge of the character and pretensions of
nations.
According to an official document published
at the Cape, it appears that the value of colonial pro-
duce exported to Great Britain during the months of
October, November, and December, 1833, amounted
to 24,9161. ; to St. Helena, 2,953/. ; to the Mauritius,
8,443/. ; to the East 1ndie5,,6631. ; to South America,
2,208/. ; to New South Wales, 5,137/. ; to Hamburg,
2401. ; to Java, 1,467/. ; and to the Island of Ascen-
sion, 2001.,—making altogether a total value of
46,2171. of goods exported during the quarter. Besides
the goods of colonial produce so disposed of, it appears
that articles not of colonial produce were exported

during the same period to Great Britain to the amount
of 915/.„ to St. Helena, 406/., to the East Indies
175/., to the Mauritius 1,8221., to South America
188/., to New South Wales 1,9691., and to Java 2371.,
making altogether 5,712/., and showing fhe export of
goods generally to have amounted during the quarter
to 52,129/.

The Durham and Cumberland paupers are
kept well and contented at a weekly expense of ls. 6d.
a-head for food. In most of the southern counties the
expense varies from 3s. 6d. to 4s. 6d., 55., and 6s. per
head. The average is probably not less than 4s. ;
which may in all probability be reduced to 25., the
common expenditure per head of a labourer's family,
and the legitimate objects of relief be much better pro
vided for.—Poor Law Report.
ASTONISHING FEAT.—A raw-boned youth,
without shoes or stockings, started from Frome yester-
day morning with the Frome coach, and ran ahead of
it all the way from that place to Devizes (nineteen
miles), accomplishing the distance in two minutes less
than two hours, apparently without the slightest fa-
tigue ! Soon after his arrival in Devizes he was told
that a stag was to be uncarted about four miles off.
Thither the youth immediately proceeded, and after
waiting a short time he followed , with the horsemen,
and throughout a remarkably fine run kept up with the
fleetest horse—cleared every fence, hedge, brier, and
ditch—was in at the taking, and on his return to
Devizes (having run altogether fifty miles) offered
to lay a bet that he would then run two miles in ten
minutes.—Devizes Gazette.

It is related of a lady, resident in Montgo-
meryshire, and now somewhat advanced in years, that,
in her early days, she had lived so secluded from the
world that, to her knowledge, she bad never seen the
bounding goat which frequents the mountains of her
native land. When about the age of eighteen, it was
proposed that she should accompany a friend to
London. The invitation was accepted with delight,
and day after day did she listen in wondering anxiety
to the accounts of all the varying sights which were to
be presented to her astonished mind. But there was
a remark which she overheard, and which made an
impression on her mind not easily to be effaced ; it
was, that the only objection which Mr. had to
going to London was, the dread of the bugs which
abounded there. On the approach to the great metro-
polis, eagerly did Miss gaze upon the passing
wonders, till, suddenly seizing hold of the arm of her
friend, she exclaimed, " Dear Mr. T., is that a bug ?"
at the same time pointing to a huge goat which was
being led through the streets, accompanied by a large
crowd of children.—Anecdotes of my old Sister.

The Trades' Unionists are trying to get up
a meeting at Huddersfield, to-morrow, for the purpose
of denouncing the very proper sentence passed on the
six Agricultural Unionists at Dorset Assizes ; and of
taking to task the honourable member for Bradford,
for his speech in the House of Commons on the sub-
ject. A correspondent tells us that the two persons
who have called the meeting are unknown in Hud-
dersfield, and that thy* names given are fictitious.
There is every indication that the thing will prove a
decided failure.—Halifax Express. _ _

FLOWERS AND FRUITS.—The following
very useful works, connected with planting and gar-
dening, are submitted to the attention of the public at
this season of the year, and are to be had of all book-
sellers :-1. The Florist's Manual, or Rules for the
Construction of a Gay Flower Garden ; curious facts
respecting the management of Bulbous Plants, &c.,
the culture of the Guernsey Lilly, &c. ; with a Cata-
logue of Plants as they appear in each season. New
and improved Edition, with Six Coloured Plates,
ss. 6d.-2. Phillips's Companion for the. Orchard, or
an Historical and Botanical Account of Fruits culti-
vated in Great Britain ; with important directions for
their improvement, and new methods of retarding and
ripening them, so as to insure their enjoyment in all
seasons. A new and improved Edition, Bvo. 75.-3.
Phillips's Companion for the Kitchen Garden, or
History of Vegetables cultivated in Great Britain, on
the same plan as the preceding. A new and improved
Edition, in 2 vols., only 12s.
Mr. Madox, who has just published the
Narrative of his Travels in the Holy Land, Egypt, and
Syria, resided no less than thirteen years in the East.
No Englishman ever had such facilities respecting the
curiosities of Egypt, and of pursuing his researches in
that ever interesting and wonderful country. The par-
ticular friendship of Mr. Salt obtained for him the
favourable consideration of Mohammed Ali, who not
only gave the author full permission to excavate, but
sent an escort with the enterprising Englishman when
he determined to pursue his adventures in wild and
perilous places. Such were the bon hommie and plea-
santry of Mr. Madox, that he became an universal
favourite—whether sojourning among the Fellahs of
the Nile, the Druses of Palestine, the predatory Arabs
of the Desert, Troglodytes, Emirs, negroes, pirates,
murderers, and a mixture of fifty other similar classes,
too numerous to enumerate. He has, indeed, left
behind him a character which, to this day, will serve as
a passport to any future English traveller. His vo-
lumes are further recommended by a multitude of very
interesting illustrations.
FREAKS OF THE WEDDING DAY.—On
Tuesday, the 18th ult., a party of frolicsome fellows
appeared before the agistrates at Billericay, to an-
swer sundry complaints of one Mr. Labor, of Fobling.
The first defendant was Captain Bogue : now Captain
Bogue had lately been wounded by the bewitching
glances of the landlady of the Lion—but what are
wounds to a Captain ? Like Caesar, "he came, he
saw, he conquered !" The smiles of Miss Rust scoured
the corroding care from his heart, and he, like a wise
man, immediately took out a patent from the office of
Hymen, to restrain her from operating on other hearts
without his leave and license. Friends--of course all
those who were likely to crack their jokes and their
bottles at the Lion—gathered round the social board.
Some people distribute butts of ale on such occasions,
but they resolved to have a butt of another sort, so, by
way of roasting Master Labor, they clapped him on the
fire. A witness said he did not see him put down, but
he took him up when he was done. The party, as it be-
hoved them, then resolved to have some harmony, and
the Captain began to play upon Mr. Labor's nasal or-
gan. Complainant did not like to have his nose turned
into a musical instrument, and he now made a handle
of it against the defendant. The Captain, in defence,
did not assume a high tone—he admitted that when
passing under quick sail his yard-arm touched the pro-
montory.—Fined Is. aijd expenses.—Caston, Hills,
Dunton, and others of the crew of the belligerent
Lion, were then charged with besieging complainant's
castle, armed with horns, and all the "paraphernalia
dire" of connubial infidelity. Besides, there must be
treason in the case ; one carried a cutlass and made a
speech—he could be no less than some village Wat
Tyler.—" What did you do," said the Bench "under
these trying circumstances ?" Complainant—" Caught
up the poker and struck them about the jaws "—a fine
receipt for silencing what is vulgarly called " chin
music."—Defendants were fined Is. and expenses, and
Master Labor departed, brooding over Miss Rust's
wedding-day, and humming, " I never can forget."—
Essex Herald.

MARITAL RIGHTS IN FRANCE.—A CU-
rious case was tried a day or two ago, before the Cour
Royale, at Paris. The question raised was, whether a
husband, whose wife refused to return to the conjugal
residence, could be compelled to do so by the husband
seizing upon her property. The defendant, Madame
Geiger, who was the daughter of a General officer,
who died on the field of battle, in marrying her hus-
band thought she degraded herself, as he was nothing
but a tradesman, but consoled herself with the idea
that he was very rich. This, however, turned out not
to be the case, and he used her so ill that she was
obliged to return home to her mother. The husband,
too, it appears, had obtained possession of the
whole of her marriage portion, under a threat that he
would institute a suit of adultery against her. After
a lapse of ten years, during which there had been a
separation by mutual consent, the husband had now
come forward and insisted that his wife should return
and live with him again. He founded his demand
upon the 214th article of the civil code, which says
that " a wife shall live with her husband, and follow
him wherever he may please to reside." It seemed,
however, that M. Geiger was not exactly actuated by
regard for his wife, but`her mother having died and
left her all her property, which she refused to give up to
him, he, by way of inducing her to do so, insisted that
she should return to live with him, and in order to
force her to do so, had prevented her from touching
her money. There were what the Paris paper, from
which we translate this, styles a few slight reproaches
against Madame Geiger. For instance, she had been de-
tected in adultery, in 1824, with a captain of dragoons,
and the same circumstance had occurred in 1830
with a young fellow who had received a cross for his
exertions during the revolution of that year. The
first reproach, however, was cancelled by her having
given up to her husband a portiOn of her dowry ; and
the second was wiped away by a contrivance of the
wife to show her innocence. If the question had de-

1 petided upon the affection of M. Geiger for his wife,
the Court would have had no fliffieulty in, deciding
against him, for it was evident that he coveted he pro;.
petty only ; but the inflexible civil code pleaded in
his favour. The Court, therefore, in spite of the tears
of the fair def'endani, deciele,l, that a 4 bey the terms of
article 214 of that code a wife was under the elilifsfqiun,,
of following her husband wherever he pleased, and of
residing with him—that as it authorized him to seize
the wife's property as a means of forcing her to do so
—and that as the residence of M. Geiger was con-
formable to his means, and the wife could not demand
one more sumptuous than he could afford, his claim
was just and tenable, and authorised him to continue
his obstacles to her obtaining her property until she
had returned to the conjugal residence.
The following decision lately took place at a
judge's chambers :—A plaintiff brought his action in
person, and declared, and afterwards took out a peremp-
tory summons to amend his declaration. On his way
to attend the summons he was arrested, and although
he produced to the officer the summons which he was
then about attending in person, the officer treated it as
a nullity, and took the party to prison. A habeas was
afterwards issued, and the judge ordered him to be
discharged from the arrest instanter, with all costs to
be paid by the officer.—Legal Observer.
MOST LAMENTABLE CATASTROPHE.-
-Loss OF THE ELIZA, AND FIVE PASSENGERS.—The
Mona's Isle arrived here last night, at eleven o'clock,
bringing the melancholy tidings of the loss of the
schooner Eliza, of this port. She left this harbour
on Saturday night, at ten o'clock, wind north-west,
and struck on West Hoyle Bank at five o'clock on
Sunday morning, when she went to pieces. There
were on board, besides the crew, who were saved seven
passengers, five of whom perished, viz., Mr. William
Tickell, bookbinder, of the Liverpool Arms, Douglas;
Mr. M‘Neil ; a daughter of J. M'Greary, of this town ;
and two others whose names we have not learned.
Passengers saved, Wilcox and Morris. The crew and
passengers who were saved took to the boat, entered
the Dee, and landed on the Cheshire shore. The
cargo consisted of old and new coffee, a quantity of
paper, some butter and eggs, a quantity of bale goods,
&c. One body has since been washed up, and the
hull of the vessel has been washed up to Hilbre Island.
The stern and rigging floated up the river on Monday.
—Manx Paper.
MELANCHOLY DEATH OF MR. ENT-
WISTLE.—ANOTHER POPISH PRIEST.—It is our pain-
ful duty to record the death of Mr. Henry Entwistle,
eldest son of Richard Entwistle, Esq., of Rusholme
House. The following are the circumstances of this
distressing event, as they are recorded in the let-
ters which we have seen :—Mr. Entwistle was at
Messina, and on the 3d ult., as he was return-
ing home, about eleven o'clock at night, he was
accosted by a person who used very suspicious lan-
guage, which put Mr. Entwistle, who could not
shake the man off, on his guard. They were at the
time crossing a square, and Mr. Entwistle, not know-
ing his ground, stopped; and, in order to !keep the
man before him, went backwards a couple of steps, in
doing which he unfortunately fell down a flight of steps
six or eight feet. In the fall his backbone was dislo-
cated and the spinal marrow injured. The man who
had followed him immediately laid hold of him, and
robbed him of his money (about three Napoleons). In
a subsequent account it is said that while in this help-
less state two other men came up and assisted in rifling
him. Mr. Entwistle lay in this dreadful situation up-
wards of seven hours, when he was found and carried
home. A priest belonging to the church to which the
steps led heard Mr. Entwistle's cries for assistance, but,
on understanding that the sufferer was an Englishman,
he refused his succour ! Mr. Entwistle lived till mid-
night of the Bth, and bore his sufferings with great
fortitude. The three men are in custody, and have
confessed to the robbery. The priest is also in custody,
accused as an accomplice.—Manchester Courier.
_ _

SHARK STORY.—As I am particularly fond
of proofs of conjugal attachment between animals (in
the human species they are so universal that I set no
store by them), an instance of that kind which the
Captain related to me this morning gaire me great
pleasure. While lying in Black River harbour, Ja-
maica, two sharks were frequently seen playing about
the ship ; at length the female was killed, and the de-
solation of the male was excessive. What he did
without her remains a secret, but what he did with her
was clear enough ; for scarce was the breath out of his
Eurydice's body when he stuck his teeth in her, and
began to eat her up with all possible expedition. Even
the sailors felt their sensibility excited by so peculiar a
mark of posthumous attachment ; and to enable him to
perform this melancholy duty the more easily, they
offered to be his carvers, lowered their boat, and pro-
ceeded to chop his better half in pieces with their
hatchets ; while the widower opened his jaws as wide
as possible, and gulped down pounds upon pounds of
the dear departed as fast as they were thrown to him,
with the greatest delight and all the avidity imagin-
able. I made no doubt that, all the while he was eat-
ing,was hewenti
thoroughly
his stomachroughl wouldpersuaded
that
make every
its w
may or s
toel
which
his heart directly " She was perfectly consistent,"
he said to himself; " she was excellent through life,
and really she's extremely good now she's dead !" and
then, " unable to conceal his pain,

" He sigh'd and swallow'd, and sigh'd and swallow'd
And sigh'd and swallow'd again."
—Monk Lewis's Journal.

EXTRACTS FROM A NEWSPAPER OF 1933.
—" MELANCHOLY ACCIDENT.—AS a beautiful and ac-
complished young lady of the name of Jimps, a pas-
senger in the Swift-as-Thought locomotive, was en-
deavouring to catch a flying glimpse of the new Steam
University, her breathing apparatus unfortunately
slipped from her mouth, and she was a corpse in three
quarters of a second. A young gentleman, who had
been tenderly attached to her for several days, in the
agony of his feelings withdrew his air tube, and called
for help ; he, of course, shared a similar fate. Too
much praise cannot be given to the rest of the passen-
gers, who, with inimitable presence of mind, prudently
held their breathing bladders to'their mouths during
the whole of this trying scene, &c." " ANOTHER
SHOCKING CATASTROPHE.—As the warranted-safe lo-
comotive smoke-consuming, fuel-providing steam-car-
riage, Lightning, was this morning proceeding at its
usual three-quarter speed of 127 miles an hour, at the
junction of the and railroads, it unfortu-
nately came in contact with the steam-carriage Snail,
going about 105 miles an hour. Of course, both ve-
hicles, with their passengers, were instantaneously re-
duced to an impalpable powder. The friends of the
deceased have the consolation of knowing that no
blame can possibly attach to the intelligent proprietors
of the Lightning, it having been clearly ascertained
that those of the Snail started their carriage full two
seconds before the time agreed on, in order to obviate,
in some degree, the delay to which the passengers
were unavoidably subjected by the clumsy construction
of their vehicle."

LIGNY.-THE MORALE OF RECRUITS.-
It was noon when the glitter of steel issuing from the
woods round Fleurus announced the march of Napoleon.
Two deep and winding columns, bristling with arms,
and covered by swarms of light cavalry, moved slowly
into the plain—

" To hero, boune for battle strife,
Or bard of martial lay,
'Twere worth ten years of peaceful life
One glance of this array."
Sunbeams brightly reflected from helm and glaive,
waving plumes, prancing steeds, the regular develop-
ment of masses, taking up their station, preparatory to
the onset—long trains of artillery, protected by dark
and numerous squadrons, successively forming on
points from whence the melancholy work of destruc-
tion can best be effected ; present altogether a sight
that must be seen and felt to be duly appreciated, and
one that "survivors recollect in after years." It fires
the blood, and excites the brave to hopes and feelings,
compared to which all other emotions are cold and un-
profitable ; but its first sight is trying to the feeble
hearts of ordinary men, and should never be gratui-
tously presented to young and inexperienced soldiers
quietly awaiting the attack. The calm and business-
like preparations of the assailants look, to the eye of
the novice who sees not the anxious glances at his
own position, like boundless confidence and proofs of
perfect skill in the works of war. An army in posi-
tion has, in comparison with an army in motion, no
imposing appearance to console him ; and the succes-
sion of thoughts that, on such occasions, rush quickly
through the heart, make the hours seem endless, and give
danger time to assume a thousand gigantic shapes in the
excited imagination of unsteeled mortals. Young sol-
diers should always, if possible, be hurried into action,
as the consciousness of having once behaved well, or
of having stood their ground, will elevate them in
their own estimation, and augment, in a tenfold degree,
whatever previous courage and confidence they may
have possessed. On this occasion all the pride, pomp,
and circumstance of-war told against the Prussians,
who had most recruits in their ranks.—From a clever
article on " The Campaign of Waterloo," in this
month's United Service Journal.
