GERMAN AND DUTCH PAPERS.

The St. Petersburgla Gazette contains the fol-
lowing-

" Field Marshal Count Diebitsch, in a report to
the Emperor, dated March 29, says that the state of
the roads at length permits a movement to continue
the tnilitary operations. Nothing important had oc-
curred since the last report. General Dtvernieki
remains inactive in Zamosc. Our patrols approach
within two %lusts to the walls of that fortress. On
our left wing a detachment that had come from
Warsaw, under General Uminski, strengthened' by
the garrison of Modlin, and other troops newly raised
in the Waiwodeship of Ploek, had formed a plan
to surprise the quarters occupied by the corps of the
Guards. Major-General Sacken, who retired in
time over the Narew, occupied Ostrolenka with his
infantry, and was reinforced by the Adjutant-Gene-
ral Bystrom, with the battalion of sappers and com-
pany of artillery of the body guard. The enemy,
9,000 strong, appeared on the morning of the 14th
(26:1i) of March, intending to attack the bridge
over that town, but being received by the gulls of
our batteries with a heavy and well-directed fire,
Int•tily retreated, and was pursued along the cause-
way by our horse artillery."
FROM TnE POLISH FRONTIERS, APRIL 15.—Ac-
cording to the latest accounts, the loss of the Poles
in the attempt to storm Siedlec was very great, and
the division of General Pronz'n•ki almost wholly
destroyed. It is said also that the temper of the
people's
minds in Poland does not in general corre-
spond with the advantages that the army has gained,
but that, on the contrary, evident despondency pre_
vails.—Prussian Stale Gazette, April 20.

BERLIN, APRIL 19,
St. Schuld Sch. 4 per cent.
Prilsttiaon Englishii
Ditto
an, IX:
5511)),errcceeit,itt..
pla!
Ditto Ditto 1830, 4 per cent.
FROM TIIE HEAD-QUARTERS OF MARSIIALthee otifitNti,siTet
DIEBITSCII, APRIL 3.—ln connection with his plan
of
Vistula,o p t itohrets,
Ft hi
eehol-bjmeacit,shoafl
had c,‘,vuassedto
corps of General Count Pattie!' 1., the Grenadier
corps, and the corps of the gUards of the Grand
Duke Constantine, to make at the latter end of
March a movement from their positions about Sien-
nica and Jerusalem, tip the Vistula. With this
movement on the left flank, the head-quarters were
bansfored on the 29th to Zelichow, and on the 31st,
in the afternoon, to Ryki, where they still were on
the 3d. Up to this day this part of the Rutian
army has not been euga2ed in any action.
From General l3aron Rosen the Field-Marshal re-
ceived news by a courier, that in his retreat, which
had been caused by the successful offensive move-
ment of General Pkrznecki, he had, after several
obstinate actions, joined the 25th division that came
from 13,zesc, and ha I taken up a position on the
Lieviec, where the enemy desisted from further pur-
suit. The corps of the Guards under the Grand
Duke Michael hal, acecrding to the latest accounts,
reached Lanza. General Sackett was at o,nrolenka
opposite the Polish General Uminski, and some ac-
count had been received of an important advantage
gained over the later.
The Quartcr.master-General, Count Toll, had re-
turned to the head-quarters.
The command of the troops detached against
Zamose, and the corps of Genetal D.vernicki, Ott
the Upper Vistula, was given to Count Witt, whose
head-palters mete at Lublin. General Kreutz was
at Urztmdon; Ge, c. al Davidow and Colonel Anal)
were Seta out with strong detachments to cut 011
the supplies of General Dwernicki, who is still at
Z linos; and ha I had some success in the pursuit Of
his object.—Austrian Observer.
HAMBURG, APRIL 22.—BoRSEN HALLE, FOUR
o'CLucK.—The arrivals of Wheat were large, and
a few of the best samples selected for exportationi
From the 9th to the 15th instant 103 cargye4 of
Corn passed through the Sound, of which 75 were
bound to British ports.
During the week 1,804 lasts of Wheat have been
imported, 1,575 exported, and 1,500 lasts ream.°
On hand.
Weight Rix dollars.
Silesian Wheat 100 to 1:n ...... 163 to I
75
Anhalt, white ll5 to 10,......140 to"
red 117 to 107 ...... 1-10 to 170
Holstein, red llB to l" ...... 115 to 1:??
L,wer El .3be
Our Stock market is more than usually dull "i'daY.
D scount per cent.
End of April.
Anglo-Danish Loan 3 per Cent.
Anglo-ltussian Loan • Ele4
Hamburg-Russian Lout
Polish Bonds
Austrian Bank Shares
New Austrian 4 net Cents. ......
EXCHANGES ON LONDON.
Hamburg, April 22.-1:3. 834 - Two month 4, 714'
Christiania, April I3.—Three '
eemonths, 6. 4.
P,tersburg, April 8.-10.:D-32.
Breton], April 19.—Two mouths, 591.

Last evening a meeting of the electors of Southwark
was held in the yard of the Nag's Head Inn, for the
purpose of promoting the election of Mr. William
Brougham as one of the representatives for the bo-
rough. The place of meeting was crowded with
electors long before the commencement of the pro-
ceedings, and the greatest enthusiasm appeared to
prevail in favour of the new candidate. The cir-
cumstance of to early a day as Friday next being
fixed for the election, and the possibility of a con-
test, placed the voters upon the alert, and their at-
tendance was further stimulated by the expectation
that Lord John Russell and Sir F. Burdett, with
Mr. Brougham, would be present. There could not
have been fewer than 1,000 or 1,200 persons pre-
sent ; the inn-yard, the avenues leading to it, some
windows, lofts, and a gallery commanding a view of
the temporary hustings, were thronged to the utmost.
Throughout the entire of the proceedings, and in
Abe whole assembly, there was but one feeling mani-
fested—a desire for the success of Mr. Brougham,
which, by the way, his friends seem to consider
pretty certain. About six o'clock Mr. Brougham
accompanied by Lord John Russell, •drove into the
inn yard in an open carriage. They were re-
ceived with the greatest cordiality by the assembly.
After half an hour spent in the committee-room,
Lord John Russell'and Mr. Brougham, attended by
some friends and supporters of the latter, mounted
the hustings, and the business of the meeting
commenced. Sir Francis Burdett was not present.

Mr. Roux RICIIARDS having been called to the
Chair, thanked the meeting for the honour con-
feired upon him, and addressed them upon the ne-
cessity of co-operating to return to Parliament Mem-
bers who would pledge themselves to endeavour to
pr cure a thorough Reform in the representation.—
(Hear.) There were some who objected to any
alteta ion in the political Machine, on the pretended
ground that it worked well as it stood, but for this
actual reason, that they were interested in the con-
tinuance of a corrupt system. For whom had the
present mode of representation worked well ? He
answered for the corrupt boroughmongers, but it
had not worked well for the people of England.—
(An exclamation from the crowd of " No; not for
the working classes.") Look at the condition of
manufactures and trade; see the people borne down
by oppressive taxes ; the public money expended
it! an extravagant and wasteful manner; and say
%,bet her the system had worked well for the com-
munity at large.—(Cries of " No, no.") It might
be very consistent in those who had fattened on the
present corrupt system, to express their approba-
tion of it, but a different line of conduct would
suggest itself to the public. It was for the electors
of Southwark, at this election, and for other voters
elsewhere, to show by their conduct at the poll,
how justly they estimated the motives of those who
opposed Reform, and of those who were prepared
to support it, and to evince how greatly they de-
sired an improvement in the representation, by giv-
ing their votes to such candidates only as would
pledge themselves to attempt it.—(Hear.) After
dwelling upon the failure of profits and the conse-
quent decrease of .wages, which, with our other
evils, he ascribed to the corrupt and defective re-
presentation of the country, he called upon the
meeting to support a man who was prepared to
take measures calculated to restore prosperity and
comfort—Mr. William Brougham, brother of a man
justly dear to them, and one to have supported
whom he felt confident would be a matter of
pride at no distant day to the electors of South-
work.—(Chrers.) To Mr. Brougham, and such
as he, they must look to rescue them from degra-
dation, and from being ridden over by au unfeeling
ar;stoeracy. The Tories might be compared to the
Old Man of the Sea, 'described in the tale of Sinbad
the Sailor, who would not relax his grasp unless
compelled, till lie had destroyed his victim.
trihremonerds of a
Manphaadtritowten Kingthrnawnidi
an
nt
ilia:nte,stthri‘oi
off : it was for the people to tike care that he did
not get upon their back again.—(Cheers, laughter,
and cries of " We will keep him down !") He re-
peated, it was for the people to exert themselves
ungiihstr theyt,
upon this occasion, and refuse ever again to give the
proud unfeeling Tories the fruits of their industry.
—(Cheering.) In proposing Mr. Brougham as a
gentleman deserving of their support, it was not ne-
cessary to say much. He was the brother of that
great, firm, noble-minded, and talented man; Henry
Brougham, the Lord High Chancellor of England ; a
man who once ranked with the middle classes like
themselves, and hail raised himself by his industry,
talents, and perseverance, to be the most distin-
guished administrator oldie laws, and the adviser of
his Sovereign,—(Cheers.) The Lord Chancellor
lee] always set his face against the exclusive system:
he was the friend of civil and religious liberty, the
uncompromising enemy of W&t Indian slavery ; he
stood opposed to all profuse and wasteful expendi.
ture, and had resisted excessive taxation. Be it re-
membered, too, that he had been the zealous pro-
moter of all that could serve the commercial and
valued all
manufacturing class-s. As the electors wished to
that was mos' dear to them, he called upon them to
in common
defend their
dLocrclul country
---ti:l:attnheiyind the pre-
sent Ministly by giving their votes to Mr. William
recorded among those
13rougham, who, he truved, at the end of his mortal
career, with his illustrious rela-
ui sui mernores alios fecero merendo."

The CHAIRMAN having read Mr. Brougham's ad-
dres to the electors,
Mr. ARPTHORP moved a resolution, declaring
that in the opinion of the meeting, Mr. William
Brougham was well qualified to repre•ent the bo-
rough of Southwark in Parliament, more particu-
larly on the ground of his having stated his deter-
mination to support " the Bill, the whole Bill, and
nothing but the Bill."—(Cheering. ) He called
upon the electors to recollect that they were now
only about to commence the contest, and alvisei
them not to snake sure of victory till they heard the
High Bailiff return Mr. Brougham as dna of their
representatives. lio trusted they word,' canvass
actively among their friends, and take measlires to
secure a triumphant majority in that gentleman's
favour.—(Cheers.)
The resolution having been seconded, was put
from the Chair, and carried unanimously.
Mr. BRouomam then came forward to address the
meeting, He was received with waving of hats,
and I Hid and continued cheers. He said, after the
very favourable reception which their Chairman's
most excellent address had been met with, and after
the kindness with which the meeting had done him
the honour to receive him, it now became him to
express, us forcibly
as words would allow, the feel-
ing of gratitude which almost overpowered him;
and it was likewise his duty to assure them how
entirely and cordially he felt disposed to support the
great cause of Reftem, should they afford him the
opportunity of doing so in the House of Commons,
by returning
Parliament.--,(Hear ) spoke not now of other
him as, one of their representatives to
questions, but had condensed his pWrns upon their
support in a4ingle aeotence,
because the great and
overwhelming topic which now occupied every
wind, to the exclusion of all minor maters, wa-
the question of Reform. At the sane Om:" he
might well have diverged into various topics con-
nected with economy, retrenchment, and the great

cause of civil and religious liberty, but that he
felt that he might weary them in so doing, be-
cause every man's mind was full, as his was at this
moment, of Reform in the representation, and of
Reform alone. In offering himself to them with a
view to the attainment of the very high distinction
of representing their ancient borough in Parliament,
he felt that it would argue the grevest presumption
'n him, so young and unknown, to adopt that course
if he did not believe in his heart that he had certain
qualifications which entitled him to their favour. L
was an old saying that " Hell was paved with good
intentions;" he might tell them of his intentions,
which might appear very good : his promises might
4eem fair,—his pledges strong,—and yet after all
(for such things had happened) he might deceive
them. But he need hardly tell them that he more
especially, and above other men, was bound over in
heavy arid great recognizances to be honest,—net
that as yet lie had ever said or dune any thin.: for tlrti
welfare of the public (an opportunity not having
pr sewed itself ), but because he was allied to a man
who had proved himself the invariable and consistent
friend of the people—" A man," said Mr. Brougliam,
" who is not my great supporter, its I trust he will
be found in this cause, because he is Lord High
Chancellor of England, but because he is Henry
Brougham—(Loud cheering)—and therefore, it is.
that I declare it to be merally and physically impos-
sible that I should deceive you if I tell you, as I now
do, that I will adopt that lire of conduct, and those
principles, which he has always adopted ; because I
thus link myself in my public conduct, as I am united
by my private relation, with a man who never for-
feited his word, or betrayed his trust—(l-Tear)—and
I am bound, of all men living, to be true, because if
a traitor, I ant not only a traitor to you and tai
myself, but to him."—(Cheers.) The great
question was that of Parliamentary Reform,—it
was the question en which the present Ministers
had avowed their intention to stand or fall—it
was the question which had ti,rtied out the late Go-
vernment because they refused to entertain it—it
was the question which had occasioned the dissolu-
tion of Parliament, and it was a question which was
now in their hands arid in those of the other electors
of the empire. In relation to this great question,
the judge and the counsel had done their duty.: it
was now referred to them, the jury of the people,
to decide it.—(Hear.) The reason which induced
him wholly and cordially to approve of the measure
of Reform propounded by his Majesty's Minister; in,
he was happy to be able to say, the late session
of Parliament, was—not that it bad been brought
forward by Ministers,—not because it had received
the sanction of his Majesty,—not that it was better
than other plans of Reform,—but because, taking
it as a whole, he looked upon it in the light of a
wise, useful, salutary, and acceptable measure that
could not be delayed, which bud now been proposed,
to the unbounded satisfaction of the country, and
which might fairly be expected to avert the evils
hanging over us as a nation.—(Hear, hear.) Our
enemies say the Bill is an evil,—we say the evil is
without the Bill.—(Cheers.) It was for that reason,
and not because the measure had proceeded from a
particular set of men, that he was prepared to give
it his entire and lasting and strongest support.—
(Cheers.) A voice from the crowd exclaimed,
" You shall have a new hat, Brougham." Another
elector, seeing the Learned Gentleman suck an
orange, cried, " Would you like a draught of half
and half ?" to which Mr. Brougham replied, " Gen-
tlemen, it is against my principles to accept a bribe, at
the same time it is'n human nature to ha tliii,ty4 Their.
remarks wereat !circled with much laughter.) If he had
entertained at any moment any doubts of the wisdom
of the measure, he should have thought himself hard
to be convinced indeed, if he had not been con-
vinced of i•s merits by the eff et which it produced
on the till then unsettled and disjointed opinions of
reformers throughout England.—(Hear.) Until the
introduction of the Reform Bill by Loid John
Russell, who had thereby added (if it were possible
to add) to the lustre of a name sacred in the urinals
of the cowry for which its possessors had bled and
fought for the last two hundred years, up to that
time the helots and minds of men were torn and dis-
tracted,—one man, in his eagerness for Reforx, was
for every sort of suffrage, another was for having no
suffrage at all (that was the boroughniongers),—
one man would give every body above the age of
twenty-one years a vote, another would confine the
constituency to a mound of earth or the trees which
grew there; but scarcely had this measure been pro-
pounded ere all (who were for Reform) agreed that
this measure they liked, and would abide by.—
(Cheers.) In vain had the voce of one mail beep
raised in an attem it to persuade the House of Com-
mons that it was not the wish of the pecplo of
England that the Bill should pass. Yes, there was
one man—(Hon. Member he did not call h:m, for
he was no longer an Hon. Member, and it was to
be hoped would nevi r be an Hon. Member again)
—one tnan who took upon himself to say that the
people were ;rot in favour of tho Bill,—who, re
turned to the House by a free body of electors, did
declare that he had conversed with 200,000 indivi-
duals, all of whom expressed an opinion unfavotn-
able to the measure.—( A person in the crowd," That
was too black."—Laughter ) He need not remind the
mewing of the complete refutation which that de-
claration had received. Suffice it to say it was
proved to be a foul aspersion of the opinions of the
people, and he trusted that henceforth no place or
persons would be found to return that individual or
such as lie to Parliament.—( Hear.) On any great
question it rarely happened that a continued unani-
mous expression of public opinion could be expected
in a country like England, where men were occupied
with individual avocations which prevented them
from attending meetings, or interesting themselves
long in what did not nearly belong told appertain to
their own private affairs. lie asked if any one had
ever (ire amt of the possibility of beholding in this
country such ant expression of public feeling, so stts,
tairei and ei.rnest in i,s character, us displayed it-
self when this measure of RefQrrn w: is announced ?
—(Hew, hear.) Qn thin ground he declared his
entire approbation of time Bill, because it so entirely
met the wishes of the people of this country ; and
if any man told him the. there were points in time
Bill which he should like to see al olio, he told that
man that taking the whole 0/ the measure, this was
the best Bill that could be drawn, because it pleased
and afforded satisfaction to the most.—(llear.) A
stout light had been fought against the Vint by the
boroaglimongers in the liottie of Commons,
In-
cluding the two tellers, 3,01 Meanhers hal voted
against it. He happened RA uttend some of the de-
bates (not as a Wilber bet in a different capacity),
and be said nothing or the rage and fury of the op-
ponents of the Bill, who, instead of discussing
calmly and deliberately this great measure, wc.:;2 as
angry as if it were a que-tion whether irhea pockets
should be picked.—( A laugh.) But the sum of all
their argumeots %vas this---"..1. am a borough no,
minee, or the Lord of a borough, and this Dili will
disfranchise me,: therefore, it i, a had Bill, and if
passed will revolution4e England." Ho mentioned no
wunea ; but would easily remember who haul
used triode at•gurnents.—(Cries of " Ott, we know
'etn.") Well then, I hope you won't forgi t
(Laughter, and exclamations of ". tear."
" We shan't." " liorJughbTi4ge.") The borough-
m"gers said, " 4y ;Li; abominable measure you
are shore ii to revolutionize Englaiol, to cut the King's
head off, to put an end to the I lorke of Petra, aund
to make the House of Commons a bear-garden,"
By the way, I defy it ever to become more of a bear-

garden than it was on last Friday.—(Laughter, and
in exclamation of—." And the Lords too.") Aye,
both Houses were bear-gardens on that oceas;oe,
and I thick the Lords was the worse of the twt ;
but I ant bound to speak with respect of hereditary
legislators, individuals who not only inherit wisdom
(they make our laws, and the laws are wise) by de-
scent, but woo are bone fide the ferric mato/es:led
heirs of " the wisdom of cur ancestms."— (Laugh-.
ter.) I acknowledge lam bound to sheik with all
due deference of such an assembly; but I must vett-
tine to say, that I never saw a set of men so like a
house of .Bedlamites, as was the House of Lords on
Friday aft et noon, just two seconds before his Ma-
jesty came among them —(Laughter.) if the Bill
were passed, who was to revolt and revolutionize ?
He shmild hardly think that the inhabitants of the
wealthy town of Manchester, on being allowed Mem-
trers to look after their ittterests, would, of all
wople in the weirld, be tine first to come up to LIM.
don to cut off the King's head.—; Hear.) The
counties which were to have four Members ins csd
d' two would hardly take it as an insult to be bet t; r
ind me re atlequa'ely tepresented than at present.
Neither would the inhabitants be very I;kely to come
to London to cut off the King's heal for doing theta
t piece of service. " There certainly is one class,"
continued Mr. Brougham " that would with great
pleasure cut off all our herds if they could—l mean
the boroughmongers." These, he repeated, ;were
the gentlemen that would be will ng to come up and
cut off our heads One would eatutaly suppose !bat
if a boon were granted to the people, in all human
probability they would nor be descontented with it.
Was it, therefore, likely that the people who had
demanded this boon of Pat liamentary Reform, should
immediately become discontented on receiving
it ? \Vas it not l.kely that they from whom yule
took a favour (such as rotten boroughs) would he
discontented and by no means so happy and com-
fortable as they felt last year, when the Duke of
Wellington declared that no Reform was necessary,
because the system worked well ? Wkat the deuce
did " working well" mean ? Was it probable that
a man who paid for his seat in the House of Corn-
Mons 'would care for the people? Could Man-
.cheater he efficiently represented (as hal been
asserted) by members who sat not for Manchester
but fur other places ? Was it to be supposel that
a member for Yorkshire, with other business to attend
to, could have the same interest in the local affairs
of Manchester, as a Manchester-man returned to
Parliament to represent his native Flaee ? Suppose
there were no members for Southwark, did the
meeting think that -the members for the city
would take as much care of the local inter( sts of the
borough its Mr. Calvert did, arid as he (Mr.
Brougham) hoped to do, when elected their repre-
sentatite ? Of all the statements le.zirded by the
opponents of Reform, this was the most absurd,—
that places not directly represented were virtually
represented, and taken cane of by members returned
for other place s,—that was, by members who had
nothing to do. a iginally members were in com-
munication with their constituents in boroughs, and
could be sent to the night a`tout if they did not do
their dtry,—(A person in the e'rowd, " As fir R.
Wilson has been dismissed here")—but now that
there were no constituents, the case was altered.
He should be ready to the utmost of iris power to
lend every assistance to the advocates of the mea-
sure,, if ermaged in contests elsewhere. lie
opposed to;pensions and profuse expenditure,—he
for one, did lament that those accursed pensions had
riot been cut off,—tnany of them had been given to
persons who had no earthly claim to them
they were bottomed in corruption, and ought
to be and would be in a reformed Parlia-
ment entirely annihilated.—(Cheers.) It might be
said" What have you, who are a lawyer, and never
were engaged in trade, to do with the borough ?
we ought to have a hop-merchant or a brewer, t man
who lives among us, and is 'acquainted with our
local interest, for our representative." It was per-
fectly true he did not live in the borough, and had
not the honour to be one of themselves, but he was
always in London, on the other side of the liver,
and there they might find him ten months in the
year. He further- told them that although his avo-
cations occupied him in the gar-rnsintz-, hi evenings
South-
wark, reuinniejiou
entgla gedbsye o
Commonsbusiness,
ond
shouldifele lie be foundetedforSotltl
voting for his constituents, arid (if he did not break
down under it—if not crushed by Sir Robert Peel)
speaking for them.-- (tite, and laughter.) lie hues
now concluded, but waited like Mare Antony to
answer ay questions which they might be p'e 'sett
to propose to him. He could assure the meeting
he would answer honestly.—(Loud cheering.)
Mr. Thomas eulogised the firtnnrs• and decision
evinced by his Maj-sty in dissolving Parliament, and
moved a rtsolution expressive of the gra:itude of the
meeting for that act.

..,
It was carried unanimously, and three times three
cheers were given far the King.
Lord J. Russittl. advanced to [Wrest the meet-
ing, and was greeted with marks of the most en-
thusiastic admiration. There was a general eavirrg
of hats and handkerchiefs, and some moments
elapsed before the cheering of the people wOulrl
allow the Noble Lord to be heard. He said he could
never forget the kindness with which the electors
had received him both on that day and on a for Mer
o;casion, but he hoped they would excuse him when
he said he had la.ely had so much of speaking in
the House of Commons on the subject of Reform,
that he trusted they would nor expect him to
go at length into any explanation of the Bi I
which he had done his best to forward and recom-
mend among au audience not so favourable and well-
disposed towards it as the present. His only purpose
in going there to•day was to favour, as far as he
could hope to favour by his pleienre, the cause of
his Learned Friend, Mr. William Brougham, and to
show the respect which he felt for one with whom
Ire had been long connected, both in political and
privive life—he meant that eminent man whose
energies had always been employed in favour of
truth and justice, and who by the exertion of those
great and wonderful talents that had been granted to
him had arrived at length at the station of Lord
High Chancellor of England—(Cheering)—and
who, he hoped, would soon arrive at the much higher
station arid glory conferred by the title of Reformer
of that Court long so full of abuses.—(Hear, hear.)
But he perceived that it was needless lo: grim to
say a single word in favour of his LeariredFriend, for
sure he 0 s that Mr. Brougham had ~ready con-
vinced them that if they should send him no the
House of Commons as one of the representatives of
the borough of Southwark, he would be an able &-
fender of their 'rights and interests, and no doubt
they would be hereafter proud of the honour of
having given such a *nun an occasion to display in
1
that great theatre those talents which it was evident
he possessed,—(Cheers.) On this occasion the
electot.i had more than a common duty to perf,,rm,
for they were called upon not merely to select men
the best fitted to defend their rights and interests,
hut to answer by their conduct this miestion put to
the electors of the empire by his Msrjesty in dis-
solving Parliarnent :—" Do you approve—aye or 111)
—of the principle of aßeform in the representation?"
(" We do, we do,") If they did—if the electors
of Enel.ind approved of this principle—sure lie was
that they would come forward hand, and heart, and
A soul to give. the sanction of their votes to those
r Members who would support the Reform Bills—
half way, not shabbily, nor covertly, tior.with a de-
sign to defeat them in the end, but who would sop-
post them honestly, manfully, and hewtily in there
progress through the House of Commons.—(Low:
cheering.) Sure he was that these persons deceived
themselves who were raking -large sums ^f
motley in the hope of their being able to boy rah
the voiees of the people on this occasion agaiit:is,i tr,,r
and in the hope. to tr,e,„
people's own interests;
the sake of some paltry
at this single election, the people of Ebnc!,,,,s do_
pf!
be base enough-to sell. all their futureeoui
~,,,,11.
~
_,,,
Pe"IY. Those: were *wog, he was. V r
0..
mIl e
1, •„„ re of the dia'nete i
formed such a""11- a
thought them right io 1 hrir
'people of England; if he
at once to bestir hirthelf
opinion. he would erase advantage offer,eidant
~,,,c,.

for Reform ; lint Ireeause he thought them altogethe►
wrong, he proceeded and called on the voters' of
Southwark as one of the many bodies of elector,
with whom the decision of the matter now rested
to evince by the7r conduct, that the appeal of the
Sovereign had not been made in vain, and that hi,
Majesty was one of the most patriotic of sovereigns,
one of tie greatest lovers of his country, and thi
most generous and kind-heauted of kiogs, so that
this also was the braves, most honest, and forgivivg
of nations.—( Loud cheating.)
Mr. ARROWSMETH moved a resolution, declarator•
of the gratitude of the meeting to Ministers, for
Laving advised his Majesty to dissolve a Parlia-
ment, the existence of which was dangerous to the
prerogative of the Crown and the liberties of th'
people. Carried unan:mo►►sly.
On the _motion of PEAKE, thanks were unani-
mously given, with three cheers, to Lord J. Russell
and other friends of the people for their exertions
upon the Reform Bill.
A resolution was also passed, recommending to
eloctors throughout the kingdom to support candi-
dates pledged to Reform, free of expeese.
On the motion of Mr. \V. BROUGHAM, thanks
were voted to the Chairman. The Learned Gen-
tleman said he understood the day of election was
Friday next. On that day he trusted to meet them
all at the hustings, and that they would there sup-
port two good Reformers, like Mr. Calvert and him-
selt.—( Cheers.) If he were returned, he would
again, on the day of election, repeat his pledges of
to-night ; and if in his Parliamentary career Are
should be thought in the smallest degree to Hindu
from his present professions,---if he g►ve a vote of
which the electors at a public meeting disapproved,
—he pledged himself as an honest man that he
would next morning accept the Chiltern Hundreds.

The CHAIRMAN returned thanks for the honour
conferred on him, and observed, that Southwark
was among the places first called on to return repre•
sentatives to Parliament. Let the electors recollect
that the eyes of the people of England were upon
them, and that their example was of mighty im-
port. He called on the voters to come forward
resolutely, on a question in which their dearest po-
litical interests were involved.

REPRESENTATION OF LANCASHIRE.

A meeting of the freeholders of the county of
Lancaster, resident in Manche ter and the neigh-
bourhood, was held at the Spread Eagle inn, in that
town, on Saturday last, pursuant to a requisition
from a number of re,pectable freeholder?, " To con-
sider the propriety of taking measures to secure the
return of a friend of Parliamentary Reform as
Member fur the county, in lieu of Mr. Wilson Patten
ho has voted for the amendment by which the
Refcrm Bill has been defeated." The meeting was
attended by a great majority of the freeholders in
the town and neighbourhood.
Mr. THOM As HARBOTTLE in the Chair.

.Mr. S. H. GREY would move, " that in the opi-
nion of the meeting, the vote of Mr. Patten in the
House of Commons on General Gascoyne's amend-
ment rendered it the duty of the freeholders of Lan-
cashire to take steps for securing the election of
*atme decide friend of Reform in It's stead."
Mr. J. Jotissos seconded the resolution ; and
The motion being put, passed unanimously, as
d:d every .ne propoiud.
Mr. T. POTTER moved, that a subscription be
immediately entered into, and that the freeholders
be requested to pledge themselves to repair to the
poll and to vote at their own expense.
Mr. Hot.E seconded the resolution.

Mr. G. HADFIELD moved that, in the opinion of
the meeting, Lord John Russell was in evety re-
spect a fit and proper pc+ son to represent the county
of Lancaster in Parliament ; that an invitation to
oiler himself be forthwith prepared, and that proper
measures be taken to obtain to it the signatures of
the freeholders resident in Manchester and t he neigh-
bourhood.—(Loud and long cheering followed the
reading of this resolution.)
Mr. HADFIELD said that if one part of the country
were more deeply interested in this vital ques-
tion than another, he thought that part was the
hundred of Salford, of which Manchester formed
the centre—a hundred containing 500,000 inhabi-
tants, and which yet had not even a rotten borough
within it. Lord Joint Russell was ennobled by
bi+th, bur hip h.,. /nit( by character and conduct to
a connstent, wefl-regulated, and noble life, and was,
in fact, such a man as they would choose if they
could ha-,e the whole nation to select from.
Mr. I-lENuy seconded the resolution.

Air. JAMES 11. liEnoN moved (seconded by Mr.
Stuart) that the necessary steps be taken for soli-
citing the concurrence of the freeholders resident
in other pars of the county in the objects of this
meeting.
Mr. D. lIOLT moved (and Mr. Mill 'se-
conded), that if Lord John Russell should accept
the invitation of the freeholders, it was the opinion
of the meeting that his Lordship should be returned
fr:e of expense.
Resolutions ,were afterwards passed, appointing a
committee, with a treasurer, to receive subscriptions,
and voting the best thacks of the freeholders present
to Lord St anley,one of the Members for the county,
for his general Parliamentary conduce, and especially
for his vote on the Reform Bill.
The subscriptions at the termination of the meet-
irnr, including those previously contributed, amount
to about 6,0001.

ARUNDEL—Lord Dudley Stuart is canvassing tile
electors here: will Alderman Atkins venture within this
borough?

AYRSHIRE.—Mr. Alexander Oswald comes forward
to oppose the late Me►nber.

AYLESBURY.—Lord Nugent has addressed the elec-
tors of Aylesbury ; he and his present colleague, Mr. Rick-
ford, the hanker, will be re-elected, notwithstanding the
opposition threatened by the Marquis of Chandos.
HASSE TLAW.—The Hon. Arthur Duncombe has
addressed the burgesses and freeholders. He voted against
the Bill, but avows himself in his address friendly to mode-
rate Reform anti the extension of the elective franchise.
BUCKINGHAMSHIRE.—Mr. Robert Smith retires
from the county. His votes were given in favour of the Bill.
The Marquis of Chandos has addressed the county; a
meeting is also to be held, calling on Mr. John Smith to
come forward, a call which he will doubtless obey.
BEDFORDSHIRE.—Mr. Potter Macqueen has been
s,slicited to come forward and oppose Mr. Stuart, who
opposed the Bill. The Marquis of Tavistock has addressed
the electors.

BRlSTOL.—Several preliminary meetings were held in
the euel of last week to adopt measures for ejecting Mr.
Hart Davis, and returning a colleague with Mr. Baillle,
who will pledge himself to support the Bill. Mr. ❑art
Davis will Le himself opposed by Mr. Protheroe, jun.,
who pledges himself to support his Majesty's throne and
Ocvernment as well against the dangers of aristocratical
domination as of democratic revolution. Mr. Willies re•
election is secure.

BURY ST. EDMUND'S.--Mr. Relie, the Recorder,
has announced his intention of coming forward here as a
reformer to oppose Earl Jerinyn.

URECKNOCKSHIRE.—CoIoneI Wood's vote for the
amendment of General Gascoyne has already raised hi.n
"P an opponent in Mr. Williams of Fenpoint. They
mean to act on the principle of the freeholders of York-
shire, I.y r,j,,,,ting any man who will not go heal t and
hand with Ministers for the Bill, as Colonel Wood voted
fore the second reading, and Received the thanks of a county
meting on tle lith instant for his vote.
BERWICK-ON-TWEED. Sir Francis Blake has
sent down his address to the electors, pledging Itim.e:f to
come forward again and support the Bill.
BRIDGENORTII —Mr. T. Whitmore cotnes forward
ain but is likely to Le strongly opposed by a Reform
ag .
candidate.
CANTERBURY.—Mr. Biligt.arn wring,
unsuccessful last election, will come forwa,‘%;ai',l Wa;L:
meeting of freemen resident in London takes place to-day,
to ensure the election of Reform candidates.

COVENTRY.—No sign of a contest, both Members
having voted for the people.
CARLISLE—Mr. Howard again seeks the renewal of
the trust reposeil in him by the freemen, be haring re.
deemed all his pledges in favour of Reform.
COLCHESTER.-31r. D. M. Harvey and Mr.
Ilyhew have both addressed, the burgesses.
CAMBRIDGF..—A town meeting is about to be kid

'n consider what steps can be taken (for it is a clove
no-
nination ho'rough) to rescue it from the di,grac. of re-
tuning two Anti- Ileforfn Members.
CAMBRIDGESEHRE.—The Reforming Members are
mth safe. The Opposition, headed by the Duke of Rut•
ind, are however looking for a candidate.
CHIPPING WYCOMBE, 13UCKS.—(From a Cur-
a.spondent.)—The general topic which now supersedes
.il other questions in this part of the county, is, whether
Ile Marquis of Chandoa (whose effigy was burnt here on
Monday last), Sir John Dishwood King, Baronet, anti
be Messrs. Williams, will venture to face their c tnsti
ments, after the votes given by them in the late Parlia•
nent, upon the Royal, Ministerial, and National Bill ut
'reform. Ti.e Hon. Robert Smith has declined offering
timself again for the county. To account for this, there
ire several rumours afloat. Some are of opinion that he
viii he called to the Upper House; others think that he is
leterted by reason of the great sacrifice of money required
.0 carry a contested election ; but the prevailing opinion is,
that he will he returned for this borough. Mr. John
Smith, the late member for Midhurst, will be returned to
t certainty. It is reported that a t entleman in the neigh-
bourhood of Beaconsfield will also be put in nomination.
The recent votes of the Marquis of Chandos have given
treat offence to the freeholders of Marlow, Chesham, and
Beaconsfield. At Marlow, Colonel Clayton and a strong
party of Blues were on the qui sire very early this morn-
ing, anti commenced an active c tnvass; and, from the fa-
vourable reception he met with, there can be little doubt
;is to the result. At the late election the gallant Colonel
was unsuccessful, and was left at the close of the poll in a
minority of 19 ; every artifice and threat being urged by
the Coppers to deter voters from conscientiously exercising
their franchise upon pain of being turned out of their
houses, and subs quently upwards of 50 had notice to
quit. • The principles of the gallant Colonel are well
known. He is a stanch Reformer, a gentleman univer-
sally esteemed in the neighbourhood, and a beneficent pa-
tron of the poor.

DURHAM (COUNTY).—Mr. W. Russell, who has so
generously consented to sacrifice for the national advantage
his borough property, is up again, and must succeed. Lord
W. Pawlett, who opposed his Noble father on the Bill, has
prudently beaten a retreat, on the ground, as stated in his
address, that " his opinion on the Ministerial plan of
Re:orus was not in union with those of the great ma-
jority of his constituents."

DURHAM CITY.—Mr. Angelo Taylor has addressed
the freemen, but says that he does not wish to offer him-
self to their notice with the certain prospect of the heavy
expence of a contest. He leaves the matter, therefore, in
their hands. Mr. Chaytor again conies forward, and the
Marquis of Londonderry opens his purse freely to effect
the return of Sir Roger Gresley.
DOVER.—A meeting of the London freemen was hell
yesterday to select a candidate in the place of Sir John
ltae Reid, who has opposed the measure of Reform.
DORSETSHIRE.—Mr. Portman has again addressed
the electors, declaring his intention to pursue the same
line of conduct he has hitherto acted on. He voted for the
Bill os every division.

DENBIGHSHIRE.—Sir Watkin Williams Wynn
conies forward again ; he voted for the second reading, and
for General Guscoyne's amendment.
DEVONSHIRE.—Lord John Russell has agreed to
stied with Lord Ebrington fair Devonshire. His Lord-
hip received a very handsome invitation for the county of
Lancaster this morning, but has accepted the one from
Devonshire.— World.

ESSEX.—Mr. Tyssen Tyrell, the anti-reformer, has
again announced himself; he will again be opposed by
Mr. Long Wellesley ; the other Member is safe.

EXETER.—Mr. Buck's vote has lost him all claim in
this city. An opponent is coming forward, should he
venture to make his appearance: the other member, Mr.
Buller is safe.

EXETER, APRIL 23.—Great excitement having been
manifested here since the determination of his Majesty to
dissolve Parliament became known, and the liberals having
skewed a determination to bring forward a third man, the
friends of the late Members have been actively engaged to
secure their return. ?*Jr. Buck has published a long ad-
dress to the electors, in which he says—" I avow myself
a constitutional reformer, friendly to the principle of the
Bill, and declare that I was quite ready to have supported
it in essentials in its future stages, as I did on its second
reading. Some of the minor details of the Bill I never
will, either in or nut of Parliament, support. I think
that the elective qualification is carried too low—that injus-
tice is done in depriving, unnecessarily, freemen in cities
and towns of their ancient and highly-prized privileges,
and that a meat-ure for decreasing the representatives of
England (enlarged as she is in wealth, population, and in-
telligence), and for transferring them to Ireland, may be
fraught with serious mischief, and may prove subversive
of the balance of political power which we es'ablished
between the two countries at the Union." ilfr. Buller's
address comes out on Monday, when both gentlemen cont-
inence their canvass. A meeting of the electors, neither
called by public advertisement nor handbills, and conse-
quently very thinly attended, was held this day, Captain
'fru-cott in the chair, when it was resolved, " That Mr.
Buck not having supported the principles of the Reform
Bill proposed by his Majesty's Ministers in the House of
Commons (the Ministers having declared that the vote
of that night would decide the fate of the Bill'), he has
thereby forfeited our confidence." Resolved, therefore,
'' That Edward Divett, Esq., of Bystock, in this county,
he put in nomination as a fit and proper person to repre-
sent this city in Parliament. That a canvas, he imme-
diately commenced, and every necessary means taken to
secure his election." A respectable meeting of the free-
holders of the county was held at the Globe Hotel, on
Friday, the lion. Newton Fellowes in the chair, when re-
solutions of thanks were voted to Lord Ehrington for his
unqualified and uncompromising support of the Reform
Bill, and their determination to use every legal and consti-
tutional means to secure his return. It was expected that
another gentleman would have been proposed to this
meeting as a colleague for his Lordship, in opposition to
Sir T. Arland, and the Hon. General Fortescue was
named. As yet no third candidate is in the field, and it
is most probable the old 'Umbers will be returned. There
will he no Opposition to the High or Tory party.
FIFESHIRE.—A new candidate, Colonel Lindsey the
younger, is announced in opposition to Mr. Wemyss.
FLINTSHIRE.—The late Member being dead, Sir J.
flanmer is already in the field : he declares himself the
advocate of a moderate and well-regulated reform.
GLOUCESTER.—Mr. Webb retires from the city to
make way, according to an arrangement at the last elec-
tion, for Captain Berkley, R. N., who has pledged him-
self to support the Bill,

GLOUCESTERSHIRE.—Lord R. iward Somerset
has wldressed the electors, announcing Ms determination
to come forward again. An address, signed by about
150 persons; has been published in his Lordship's
favour, promising hint support. The refurmets have,
however, called on the Hon. H. Moreton to come for-
ward. Sir W. 13. Guise has al.o addressei the electors.
GREAT YARMOUTH.—The two late Members, the
lion. G. Anson and Mr. Rumba!, come forward /wain ;
na.eting of their London supporters will be held to-
morrow. They both supported the second reading, but
Mr. !tombola was absent on Gen. Gascoyne's amendment.
HAMPSHIRE.—Both the late Members, Mr. Honing
and Sir W. Heathewe, opposed the Bill ; the freeholdets
have, however, called upon Sir James Macdonald and
Mr. Shaw Lefevre, promising to support them free of
all elPfAse.
HUNTINGDONSHIRE.—Land John Russell has
been solicited to stand for this county, in opposition to Lord
Mandeville. A meeting of the independent party takes
place this day, to c,nacert measures, nt St. Ives. The
voia of Lord Strathaven against General Gasceyne's
amendment was given in time to care him flow ejection,
as doubts rare entertained of him.
HARWICH. 'FL! late Members, Messrs. Dawson and
Herries, have canvassed this pl ace. Two oppooents are,
however, in the field against them ; and, with the people
at their side, bagl‘ed by the influence of the Crown, must
beat them out of the field, if they have the impudence to
go to a poll.
