COURT CIRCULAR.

Yesterday morning, at nbie o'clock, Mr.. Secretary
Peel received an express from the Lancashire Map.
strates, acting in the disturbed districts in Lancashire,
which required the attendance of the Right Hon.
Gentleman, and Mr. Hobhouse, the Under Secretary
of State, and several of the clerks, for a great part of
the day.

Yesterday the Lord Chancellor, the Earl of Liver-
pool, and Mr. Secretary Canning, had •audiences of
his Majesty.
Mr. Huskisson transacted business yesterday, with
Mr. Secretary Canning, at his office in Downing-
street.

On Saturday morning a - meeting 'of the Cabinet
Ministers took place at the early hour of ten o'clock,
at the residence of the Earl of liverpoel, in. White-
hall, on the subject of the disturbed state of several
parts of Lancashire. There were present, Mr. Secre,
tart' Peel, the Chanaellor of the Exchequer, the. Earl
of Harrowby, the Duke of Wellington, Viscount Mel-
ville, &c. 'They continued in deliberation till half-
past twelve o'clock, . when Mr. Secretary Peel retired
to his office, where he was closely engaged the whole
of the day. Messengers were dispatched from the
Home-office in various directions. The Duke of
York arrived in town at three o'clock, from Newmar,
ket. His Royal Highness remained but a few minutes
at his house in South Audley-street, during .which
time. he partook of some refreshment, and then pro-
ceeded with all speed to his office in the Horse Guards,
where Mr. Secretary Peel waited upon the,Royal Duke
to lay before him the i4rmation he had received from
Lancashire of the riotous proceedings of the cotton-
weavers in various parts, and also theresult of the delibe-
rations of. the Cabinet Ministers, which engaged their
attention till past five o'clock, assisted by Sir H. Taylor,
Military Secretary to the Commander-in-Chief: Among
the military arrangements agreed upon was—the .ee-
cond battalion of the Coldstream. Regiment of Foot
Guards to leave London at a late hour last night, or
at a very early hour this morning, for Lancashire. The
Duke of York . proceeded to the King's Palace, in
Pall-mall, to report to his Majesty the particulars of
the proceedings. His Royal Highness remained with
the King till near seven o'clock.
In the evening Mr. Bailey, the King's Messenger,
was sent off with dispatches to General Sir John Byng,
to take the military command of the Manchester dis-
trict. The Messenger was to pursue his journey with
all possible speed to find Sir John.—lt was un-
derstood he was to proceed to Rotherham, in
Yorkshire, as it Was not certain whether he had left
Newmarket, as Sir John had been there a day or two
before. He was to go by Newmarket.
It is expected that his Grace the Duke of Devon,
shire will leave town on Saturday next, to embark on
board his Majesty's ship Gloucester, on his mission
to St. Petersburgh.
Mr. Croker entertained a distinguished Party at his
house, at the Admiralty, yesterday.
The Rev. Dr. Blomberg performed Divine . Service
yesterday at the King's Palace, in Pall Mall.
Yesterday morning the Duke of York . and the
Princess Augusta attended Divine Service at the
Chapel Royal, St. James's..'
Prince Leopold honoured the Italian Opera with
his presence on Saturday evening.
The Earl of Westmorland transacted business at
the Foreign Office yesterday.

The Gazette of Saturday last offers a reward' of
1501. for the apprehension of the incendiaries, who, on
the night of the 12th ult,, set fire to the paper
mills and drying-houses of Mr. Wright, of Great
Marlow, Bucks, with a promise hitrMajestrS par;
don to any perion gyring information, except the ac-
tual perpetrator of the outrage.
We are glad to hear that Oxford-street is at length
to be Macadamised. We do trust that Holborn' Picca-
dilly, and the Strand, will speedily undergo the $4lllO
process. As to Bon&street, the inhabitants are has.
telling their own -ruin by not imitating Regent,strcet
where it is possible.
Mr, P. Moore, since his visit to Lady. Godiva
StoCkdale's, goes by the name of " Peeping Tom of
COirentry."

TIIE LAY OF THE LAST MINSTREL.—A version
.of the Lay of the Last Minstrel, in the Russian lan-
guage, by M. Michael KatclienovSky,. has :been pub-
lished at Moscow. Having' however unfortunately
been translated, not :from die original, but from a
Polish translation, it wants much of the beauty of Sir
Walter Scott's delightful poem..
LOVE OF MtSTERY.-M. de Viry, Minister of
Piedmont in 1760, had such a love of mystery, that
he prohibited his servants from telling that he had
fallen sick. That did not prevent him from dying,
and the King of Sardinia announced his death by this
witty remark :—" M. de Viry is dead ; but he does
not wish it to be known.' Rivarol has said some-

thing like this. He thus describes M. de Champ, an
old man full of little secrets ;—He does not enter, but
glides into a roam, passes the backs of the chairs, and
, goes to establish himself in a corner ; and if one asks
him how he does, Hush ! I beg of you,' says he ;
is that a thing to ,talk of aloud ?' "—(Souvenirs et
Melanges.)
SLAVE fRADE.—A Memoir on this subject, ad-
, dressed to the Legislative Assembly of Brazil, by Jose
Bonafacio,d'Andrada e Silva, a native of that country,
has been lately published, and contains some, very im-
portant information, well deserving the attention of
those who wish to make themselves acquainted with
the question of slavery, and we therefore earnestly re-
commend it to the perusal of our readers.
AMERICAN METAPIIOR.—The United States
Telegraph gives the following extract from Mr.
M‘Duffle's speech :—" My father and grandfather
both saw the darkness of midnight glitter on the blaze
of their dwellings !"
CAUTION.—A great number of counterfeit sove-
reigns, made chiefly from " Egyptian ore," are now in
circulation, and so well executed as scarcely to be de-
tected by the application of aquafortis.
JEDRURGH, APRIL 17.—This being a maiden
Assize, the' Town Clerk, in name of the Provost of
Jedburgh, according to ancient usage, presented the
Judge and, the Functionaries of the Court with white
gloves. Lord Gillies said he had very great pleasure
in accepting this ancient testimonial, which lie re-
gretted he had occasion to receive much seldomer than
he could desire. He was not fond of adding to the
burdens of the country, but, although he could not
venture to, hope, yet he most sincerely wished, that
the, town of Jedburgh were put to the same charge
every six months.

`Thursday last, as a poor woman was gathering mor.
rells in a plantation in the occupation of J. Moseley,
Esq., of Rushbrooke, she was unfortunately shot by
a spring gun. We understand that upwards of fifi,y
shots have been taken out of her legs and thighs.
This is the fourth accident within a short time in the
same occupation.—(Bury Gazette.)
