•
TO ,TAt MILDIOILY OF TIIE
NOEL DEStisIFAN, Esg.

QUESTION OF THF, SL/IP:F.

AGITATED IN JAMAICA.

The, . proceedings of the AsseMblyof Jamaica have ,
been so warm, qed theres Ult so interesting,' that we
chink it will be acceptable to oer Readers, particularly
.‘,.
to all those who feel, in common with us, a lieely'
zeal in maintaining the cause of human freedom
against slavery, to haVe a short detail of The mlee- '
The Assembly met ore the eeel of Septembo,
•The speech 'of his Honour the Lieutenant-Go.
veruor was in the usual stile, and contained nothing
particularly important., Heearneaqeahorted thetn '
to make exertions to depend as little as possible for
provisions on tbreign supply ; and he, concluded
,with stating the arduous struggle in which the Em-
pire.waa engaged, and declared' that he expetted
'from them all.that could be etfetied by pi blic spirit,
united exertions, and the =rake of individualinter-
ests to the general weal.
This Speech was 'referred to a Committee, and
the Report thereof was .cenemitted to a Committee .
of the whole Howie. • ,
In the meantime they appointed a Committee of ,
the wole. House tn. inquire into, and take into con-
sideration, the State of the Island. - '
, ‘ This Committee was immediately formed, Mr.
MUMMY in the Chair, and the Hoese,being mann--
ede he made a Repert, " That it be reCotemended
" to the House to appoint a Seleel Contmittee to ite.
" quire into the eifeals of eteleet ofesthe imperial;
" Parliament of the United Kittgdote, entitled, Au •
' Mt for the Abolitiou of the Stave Trade,' as to the
" proprietors, inhabiteuta, And.olllttri essentially in-
",terested in the welfare and prosperity of this Island;
".to strife whit' resourees Trelletill tor a ppßeat ion ~
" and what Newt; eau be sebstiteitel in lice of these
" of which the operation of this Aet of Patliament
" have deprived use and to endeavour to point out
what measures the House can resort to in relief,
" or itt alleviatiou, of the grievances and los'aes there-'
', by inflided." • ,
Mr. Murphy, Mie Whiteberee, Mr. Stewart, ei
TrelaWneye Mr.' C. Grant, Mr. Stevenson. Mr. ,
Taylor, Mte Shand; Mr. Lewis, and Mt. Petry,.
were .appelnted a Committee for. that purpose, and .
they had power to sentLfor persons, papers,, and re-
cords. ~, .
The HOUSe then proceeded in. ordinary busi-
ness ; appointed- all ,ite Committees,. brought in se-:
veral bills, and among others appeinted a Committee
to prepare and bring; in a Bill to prevent preachiuge
and teaching by pereons net duly qualified ;eandeo
restraireMeetings of ..dangerous nature, on pretence
of attendihg such
,pesaching and teaching.
On the e-ttli, a Motion was amide, that the Prin-
ter of the(House doforthwith print fifty. Copies' of
theA6t of,theimperial'Perliemenefor the Abolitiou
of the. Slave Trade; Passed the 26th of March last,
for the use of the qembers Of the Legislature.
A dtibite hereon ensuiug, and the question being
put, the: House divided, ,Ayes le—Noes 30 : so it
was resolved in the affirtnative.
After this, viz. on the 25th of September, the
Hottie presented an Aaldress to • the' Lientenent.Go
peece, WAX._ was ao echo
vernor, in answer to his-a I Ii h
thereto, but with a short amendment, resectitingehe
new and peculiar distressis of the Colonies . •
• The same day the Governor, in a message, trans-.
mitted copies qt' papers end documents relabel,;: to
the disturbances in the parish of SeGeuree. be the
eeth an address was voted to hint, thauking him in.
the most-loyal terms for Ilia constant solicitude tor,
the selety of the Island; and they ordered'a bill to
manumize two Ilegro443j, at his reqaest,•aeltu hat!' dile,-
covered the conspiracy. . .
On .the I nth of o&ober Mr. Murphy, .limonite
Committee,' made the. first Report on the el:tuning
`consequences apprehended from the Abolition Ant;
'[This we have already presented to. our Readers]
it was reported to a Committee of the whole, Howie,
,A Bill,fur the prote6tiou, subsisting,, clothing, and•
for the.better order and government of Slaves, was
introdtteed Into the 'House, and read. • .
2lst 06tober the Bill to -repeal 'sewed Acts re-
speeling Sieves, to declare Skives assets fer payment
of debts and legacies, ned in what netteter they shall
descend and be held as prupeoy, and be-sold and
conveyed in certain .eases,, was ,read a second time ,
and committed. , • - • . . ~
On the ead 06tober it was ordered that the; Re-
port of the Comteittee on the Abolition Bill should
be taken into ciinaideration'on Wetinesdey the eerie
'A. must violent.debate took place, and lasted or
two days, the !Alai and 29th bf October, in the
course of which such high t'ords (ice:whet between
Mt . Sh'ands and Mi. Stewart thet a duel enacted,.
Mr. Sliand,was-a warm advocate tor Maintaining the
Abolition, as ordered by the United l'erliament ;
Mr. Stewart was equally Warrreagentit the tlik:tl4i•,•.
•Thek met, and were both wounded : Mr. Sleuei
slightly in 'the shoulder ; :bat Mr-. Stewart re.:,:i% ~,t
a dangerous wound in the thigh, but he was pee-
-1 flounced to be out of dettger.
The. St: jii srn, de in ?A v. Gettette alltlQUllC.e's sue
report in the following words e-- . •
We hope these Resoltrtioos, and the dire ne-
cessity Which has '"cli'i"° (14"; may
4"
d'll
' ' into The minda of 'his , Mejeaty'3 411inistet'. tilit.l
induce them to adopt such measures as may re-.
liev'e this loyal Cdony from 'the opyreis,itins it hJi
1 sunk'under. The Ate:l°4ll4in concerti t he, vly
,of , the trpope is the ittevitablt! constlnence of ti.,,
SMITHFIELD MARKET, lAN. Li want of means to continue it
~, •es it is ..I 111:1, mho',
unless some retnedy.is Applied "to our 'melt:vitt,
Thift:dity's market stiforded but a scanty supply it would be impossible' for elan' ke-• 111
of different kinds of Cattle ;' Beef and Pork tupport t •le . e' ;;• • 2 'Lll )''' "L.:'°
, , busy wailing, udder exison4 ctrcutostancvN, to, rid .le
last prices; Mutton is cheaper; Veal is dearer, and the, esual sepelieu. Of the tnerittaticei of t lie lye e 1.,.
the trade was somewhat flat.
,The saleile the ii.ty- Of this. fsland to support.the intere4i•• of tit -e
eaijel:.;)(i.
market were not lively; Straw and Clover obtaireel Sette- 'lt ' . 'I, an to et/MOH-tem oyal attachment to .1, s se-
better prices than Mondafs market; Haysold at last
prim—The undetemeetioncd ' prices and Mlrnbcrs vercign, long 6clierience.l 11. I I i
las ;:',l no too ft :we It
, is, ,n .i.vi we-luckily vOr)sideration, intim present
are an accurate statement : , -. ', . :
To sis,k. the HUM per stone of pt N._ alarrithy; situation of ,We world, den they show(l,
by'llifritcessary. ilkimit. and itnpalitle tneastues, to,;
Beef 45.: ea, to 4s. od.—Muttort 0. mt. togs. 4c1....;;V cal -,,,„4„,.6d to se, ,ill7.ldilit dikAHlThr,
6s. &I. to 7s. 6t1.--Lunb as. od, to Os. otL-ork ss, oct. to ' '"', `-- --- - a - ----"`"
Os; ott. • ' • •
- • i " The Slave Trade beiiv abolished .how im L 44
_ .

Pinta' Wealth and Qrandeur meet the common doom,
The pliant Arts adorn the stately tomb ; , •
Plant roCnd the place the cypress.and the bay,
1 nil tancy,iddis the tributary Jay. :
Designad to bid the votive stout declare
The knowledgiovisdoin, vir ue, bury'4 there.-
!knee, genii-ons bassstrAts', thy friends can pay
A ctfady hoinage.to thy honeyed eI4Y •
'Tis,o'nly by traniterring•Fl4l's strains
To :nark the sepulchre:4f thy .remains,
And ail who knew thy merits will agree
The tlatt'ry'schang!‘l to trnth, apply'd to Thee.

ijSRIONS 'FOR JiINUARY.

(FRO 5i .I.ai .BELGE'ASSESIALHO

A 14loarri NG DR RI3.—A round cambric gown, a walking
lerigth,with snort futl sleeve, and puckered ealti; buttoned or
laced down.the back, and made high. round the neck,. with a
full frill of lace. A, Military stook, edged round the chinwith
the same. A figured Chinese scarf, the colour American green,
twisted round the figure in the sty lea antique drapery. Melon
bonnet the $41110tolour; stripcci, andirimined to correspond
with the scarf. flair in irregitiac curls on the forehead. Ear-
rings of gold or topaz. Lois York tan, or Limerick gloves,
above the elbow. Slippers of yellow morocco. This, dress,
divested of the bonnet,. is consiticted genteel neglig6 for any
penod Of the day.

A MOANteriG WALKING, OR CARIVIAGE DRt;3.—A
'simple breakfast robe of I ntliatt muslin or earubri::, with
plain high cothis and long sleeve. Plain- thettrlsaire front,
nuttoned down the bosom. .A Calypso v%, rap of morons .
velvet or kerseymere, Minuted' entirely round with .white
ermine or swansdown. 4441 hanging sleeve suspended,
front the back, and failing over the left ahoulticr, terthinat-
ing in a round, point belobv..the elbow. This ornament is
lined throughout with skin the same as the trimming. A
mountain hit of white Imperial beaver; or fur, tied under'
the chin with a iihband the colour of the coat. Gloves and
shoes of American gICCII.Or butt. erotic hair, confined, with
tolitand, and culled over the left eye.

A BALL DRIES!, IN PARISIAN STYLII.—A
lit-nn robe and petticoat, of white nr coloured) satin, made
quite plain. Armorial vest of white satin, beaded in gold
unties. A cestus a- la-Cleopatra, composed of wrought gold
and amethysts. Hanging sleeve, gathered in front of the
arm, whit brooches of the saute. 'lite hair confined froth the
roots; the ends Bowing in regular curia, leaving the forehead
and temples, exposed. Art iiidiati Cascitie at tissue, with
-amethYst ornaments. -A long veil. ot gosartmergattae,.roundefr
at the end, and embroidered delicate border of silver? 'or
• silk, flowing from the Centre of the crown, Over the right
shoulder, and. forming a drapery in, front uf. the flAure by the
attitude of the left hand. Par ear-rings of amethyst or pearl'.
Necklice of kart, with ArnerilySt star In the centre.. White
satin slippers, elii.Wtll4lth silver beading, and white kid gloves
abo;ie the elboW. • .

. • , .
About a fortnight since, a Banker,. who , resides
Within ia few ruilei.of Shrewsbury, ca,stied a bill fOr
4001, for a sttangei. ; soon after, on refle&ion, he
thought he. had done wrong, and had not taken
snifiCient precaution:: He went m pursuit of the
Mani When he learnt that he, with a companion,
had j tut left t he town for Shrewsbury in'a post-chaise.
Having an excellent horse, he had him.saddled, and
rode off with all possible speed towards Shrewsbury :
after riding a few miles he carne up with the chaise
and stopped it, and told the person whom he had
cashed the bill for, that he had made a mistake;and
wished to rectify it,. The person in the chaiie pro,
posed that they Should meet at an Inn; in Shrews-
bury to setticrthe besiness, which the Banker agreed
to, and he rode onto Shrewsbury before the chaise,
where he remained impatient for the'arrlval of the
.strangers ; the flint: having considerably elapsed
since the•chaise ought to have arr.iVed, he mounted
his horse again,. and. set -off to meet them ; after:,
riding several miles, he came up Cos the chaise, and'
found it empty, and on its return, hoMe ; he ee-
'euired -of the driver 'What had become of his pas-
setioers ? who ri plied, that soon atter he gOt out of
sight with his.horse, they got out
.of the -chaise,
and walked across the'country ; this convinced him
that they had net Caine honestly by the'. bill. He
gave an alarm, • and having•employed several 'people
to go in pursuit of them, they were at length over-
taken and secured ; anti not being able to account,
in a satisfaaory manner, how they heciurie possess-
ed of the bill, or to give a proper account of them.
;selves, they were detained in Shrewsbury .gaol ;
,entl,.an tracing the bill, it proved to be the proier-
ty of Mr; Frt.t.owes, a Gentleman of Kent, who
was in .London on Lord Mayor's Day, atAi bad! his
pocket picked of that, and other bills and notes, to
the amoent of 14001,—Mr. Fct..Lowei has attended'
at Shrewsbury, and identified the bill. 'The fellow
who got the Banker to cash it,- proven to be one Of
the oldest Londen pick-pdckets, and; in WI, 'a' ge-
neral thief and receiver of stolen goods • -for upr.
wards of thirty years, of the name of John Pullen.
It has not 'yet been ascertained who his companion
is but he is supposed to be one of the notorious
game S gaog.

There is hardly any subjea which has admitted of
more different opinions, than what ought to be the
construtlion o 1 a Lottery Scheme. Numerous ad-
venturers think, that it should abound with very
great Prizes; many others, that it ruld possess a
considerable number of middling pitals, such as
Prizes of 10001. and 5001.; and others, that littlo
loss' ought to be sustained by an acquisition of the
lowest Prizes. Extraordinary to say-41m present
Scheme meets all these opinions, and with Not Timm,
Blanks to a Prize, its success, therefore, is-evident.

55a.—Sheep 90. Pigs 200..
'lay 31. 04. 13 Si. IoS. ed..— ClO-Ver 41. 08., ocl. to 61. os.
otl—Straw 11. la s. ad. tq 2/. 2s. oil.

Alajesty to recruit his black troops ? llot this is
little to' 1:1'e tegretfeci, consiaeriog the had policy ql'
that measure, When a Plant/A. purt...hases

CORWEXCUANOR, fresh arrivals of
WheatlO-day are but feW, the supply at hand short,
and the sates fluetuate but little in price; there are
several fresh airivels of 'Batley, which is dull sale,
and rather cheaper, White Pease likewise ; Ileans,
of the two ,descripliaus ar3, but Cute ; there are
not inany o,its, at hand, but several cargoes are
ati:i this trade, rather-lover Flour with.,
.out

he generally manages to ttik,T on equal tatutb4r of
males and fetnalesi but Clovetrnment buys only
moles, and attempts to confine, ptlrhaps ow' men,
t 7 fl lArrack, without a WOlll4ll Zitioug.thenl. js
61411D/stem didiated by tjte t'gellu4i of humanity to
men accustotima to polygamy ? is it nut tho vo,vst
species' of slavery ? Or if' the go. to 1,1: e \\is
who Inttst they 40 ? Aud whcret tto:. 111‘11
tt,(4 to illevt them ?".,
