CENTRAL CRIMINAL COURT.

NEW COURT.
A lad named Martin Hawkins, only 12 years of age, was
found Guilty of forging an order for 401. with intent to defraud
his master, Mr. Chadwick. Ho was recommended to mercy
on account of his extreme youth.

111411 WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO- MORROW.
Arning ..... 55 minutes after II I Evening 0 minutes after 0

i!,4" EGR O. E M ANCIPATION.
At. a PUBLIC MEETING, held in the Great Room,
I:zeter Hail, on Wednesday, April 4;
"If he most Noble the Marquis of CLANRICARDE in the Chair ;
*)n the rriotion of Sir C. STYLE, Bart., M.P., seconded by WIL-
LI', EWART, Esq., supported by JOHN SCOBLE, Esq. ;
1. I.l,iat in the judgment of this Meeting the question of negro
irsaaw..ipation did not receive the full consideration of the House of
ifkar,mons, in their recent debate upon Sir George Strickland's
Siltation, inasmuch as that debate was abruptly terminated when the
arguments and speakers were alike unexhausted, and that for this
Teason, connected with the great moral principle of these proceed-
, ngs, this Meeting regards it as a matter of great importance, that
*he public mind should be, without.delav, informed of the fallacious
sand delusive character of the statements
made in defence of the sys-
*em of negro apprenticeship.
eOn the "Aotion of CHARLES LusuiNczoN, Esq., M.P., seconded
by tI.Le Rev. THOMAS MoRGAN, of Birmingham, supported by
ANIEL O'CONNELL, Esq., M.P., and the Rev. JOHN BUR-
..IST;
'2. 1 hat this Meeting solemnly denies the existence of any con-
tract which should restrain the British public from seeking the im-
mediate abolition of the negro apprenticeship.
-moved by R. K. GaEvir.i.r, Esq., LL.D., seconded by the Rev.

WILLIAM M. BUNTING;
3. That notwithstanding the obstacles to be encountered, this
aleeting resolves, by every Legitimate and Constitutional means,
lo prosecute the great object they have in view, and should that ob-
ject not be gained at the period proposed by the friends of the negro
race, this Meeting avow their decided and unhesitating conviction,
that the responsibility of that postponement, and of any disastrous
mutts which may thence ensue, devol.Ne upon Her Majesty's Go-
wernment and the British Parliamet, who have the power of pre-
-venting such consequences, by th.e immediate extinction of the pre-
sent system.
Moved by W. T. BLASE, D",q. seconded by GEO. THOMSON, Esq.
4. That this Meeting 'strongly repudiates every measure which
will not have the effee'
of securing entire and immediate freedom
to the negro popul2:cion in our Colonies, because such measures will
otherwise sanctiva and continue slavery.
Moved by tl',e Rev. JAMES PRINGLE, seconded by G. W.
ALEXANDER, Esq. ;
5. That this Meeting, deeply impressed with a sense of thankful-
ness to Almighty God for the progress which our cause has hitherto
made and relying upon the continuance of the Divine aid for the
Ac',omplishment of their object, recommends to the Christian friends
bf our suffering negro brethren earnest and persevering prayer, in
connexion with every Constitutional effort, for their immediate and
complete deliverance from cruel bondage.
_Moved by W. GtovF.R, Esq., seconded by
.SAMUEL LLOYD,Esq. ;
6. That this Meeting cannot but recognize, in the introduction
by the Right Hon. Lord Brougham into the Upper House of Par-
liament of a Bill for the Extinction of the Apprenticeship System
on or before the Ist of August next—conduct which demands from
this Meeting an expression of their warmest acknowledgments, and
that they respectfully and earnestly appeal to the Members of that
-august Assembly for their support of Lord Brougham's Bill.
Moved by W. ALLEN, Esq., seconded by Josu. STURGE, Esq. ;
7. That this Meeting gratefully acknowledges the noble and
philanthropic conduct of the 3fost Noble the Marquis of Sligo,
manifested by his declaration in the House of Lords, made in the
following words, "That whether the Bill then under consideration
passed or not, there should not be a single slave on his estate after
the Ist of August next." And this Meeting would express their
desire that this wise and righteous example of prompt and voluntary
manumise,on may be extensively followed.
Moved by R. T. CADBURY, Esq., seconded by Dr. Mugu EL ;
8. That an expression of our most unqualified approbation and
respect be offered to Sir George Strickland, Bart., and Joseph
Pease, Esq,, the Hon. mover and seconder of the resolution for
the extinction of Negro Apprenticeship on the Ist of August next,
and tr., the other 215 Hon. Members who voted with them on this
ocersion.

CL A NRICARDE.
WILLIAM ALLEN, Esq., having taken the Chair,
-.Resolved, on the motion of W. T. BLAIR, Esq., and carried by

acclamation
9. That respectful and cordial thanks be tendered to the altos,,
Noble the Marquis of Clanricarde for presiding over the Meeting,
and for the important service which he has rendered, and at this
momentous crisis is rendering, to the cause of humanity and
justice by his decided and zealous advocacy of the immediate ter-
mination of Negro Apprenticeship.

WILLIAM ALLEN.

NEW SYSTEM of SLAVERY and the
FRAUD upon the BRITISH NATION, EXPOSED
in the WEEKLY TRUE SUN of the Bth of April.

The publication of THE Sur.; NEWSPAPER commenced this day
at 10 minutes past Three o' Clock.

WITH FITCH
" THE TRUE SUN" IS NOW
INCORPORATED.

•
Aatilo4
dr, _

Tat,
rcib
•
