continually arrive to fill up the gape which their heroism
has made in the ranks or the conquerors of Turkey.
They certainly committed an error in granting an armiss
ice of two days to the repulsed and astonished Russians
—an armistice which Diebitsch would not have asked, it
he were in a situation to continue the fight, and if he did
not expect reinforcements Within that time which would
-n ble him to reshme the offensive-----and accordingly
we find, that at the end of that two days' truce, he was
enabled to renew his attacks with what might be con-
sidered an overwhelming Superiority of numbers, yet
again he was repulsed and driven to the shelter of his
Trifled po.itions with frightful carnage. The error of
judgment which the V.'olish Commander-in-Chief com-
mitted, has beell redeemed by his magnanirnity, in yitld-
ing up the command to a junior officer of distinguished
talent., and fighting under his orders. This is conduct
that would have bleat Worthy of an old Roman, who knew
how to merge every personal consideration in the absorbing
love of country. Well has Chlopieki, also, removed the
suspicion that sullied his fame,
.by honourably 6'11)11146ng
his innocence to the test of the fiery ordeal of battle. He
has atoned for thre weakness Which he nootmitted, and re-
corded in his blood the 'vindication of his fidelity. It
seems as if
,the Po/es, who were the first free people of
Europe, hill norne the chains of long years of slavery only
to make them more devotedly attached to the recollections
of their ancient independence. They have shown that
they are worthy to recover it., Whether fortune shall even-
tually smile upon Their heroic efforts or not. It is true,
the ntissians claim victory hitherto in their own accounts
'of the actions which have taken place. We only wish
them the repetition of such victories, and then we are
sure they will never he gratified with the spoil and
vengeance for which they thirsted—nor again shall
the soil of Poland be polluted by the curse of their
barbarous dominion. If the Russians were suettes3ful to
the battles of Milosna and Grochcer, why, with their fresh
troops, did they decline tb advance upon the tete du pont
of Praga? They came with the intention of getting the
shortest Way into Warsaw, yet after " brilliant victories"
they turn out of the direct road and seek a more circuitous
route. It was not thus that Diebitech behaved in his
triumphant campaign of the Mikan. But he has not the
hordes of a despot to contend with now, but men who are
resolved to perish or be free. Why did not this conqueror
at least attempt to rival upon the bridge of Praga the glories
of the bridge of Lodi,, instead of seeking to steal a passage
over the Vistula, in some place more remote from the pro-
tection of the ‘• beaten Poles ?" We are aware, indeed,
that if the present invading armies of Russia were literally
annihilated, that colossal power could pour in fresh legions
that would far out,number the defenders of Poland ;—but
she may have occasion for them in other places, and in
the tneantime if the Poles can only keep their enemies
in check for a few weeks longer, we think it highly pro-
bable that the diseases which are the natural consequence of
encamping in woods and swampy grounds will assist in the
work of retributive justice.—Morning Herald.
The proceedings of the House of Commons last night
were not a little remarkable; first, as to the tenacity
with which private individuals will persist in adhering to
what they conceive to he their personal and peculiar inte-
rests, in opposition to the general interests of the country ;
and, secondly, as to the power which, by playing on the
malignant feelings of one party, and the benevolent feel-
ings of another, they may exercise over the best Chancellor
of the Exchequer that the country ever had. The Budget
of the latter, as originally brought forth, was an excellent
Budget—it was unexceptionable in the eyes of all but
those whose private interests it would have affected ; and,
if carried into effect, would have produced an activity in
trade to which the country has long been a stranger.
The good—the wise—intentions of the Chancellor of the
Exchequer have, however, been in a great measure
defeated ; the tax on the funds—a most equitable
tax—has been abandoned—the diminished tax on tobacco
has been given up—the tax on cotton wool has been mo-
dified—and now again the timber duties have been mo-
dified, but without satisfying the demands of the inte-
rested, artful, and intriguing few, who would still enrich
themselves at the nation's expence. The tax on cotton
wool might certainly he objected to, though not strongly ;
but the diminution of duty on Baltic timber was most
wise, most useful, and most necessary. There is not a
carpenter, a cabinetmaker, a plough-wright, or any
worker in wood, who will not bear us out in saying,
that there is no more comparison between Baltic and
Canadian timber, than between a rotten spar and a
sound one—that the former is superior in every respect
to the latter for all but temporary purposes, and that
if the duty on both were equal, not a log of the
Canada produce would be entered at the custom-house.
Yet the advocates of " colonies, ships, and commerce," as
they denominate themselves—in other words, tbe advo-
cates of private monopoly—would have the country give
up the sound, for the unsound, timber, and pay a high
duty for the former, and a low for the latter ! We re-
commend our ri-aders to the report of the debate
last night on these points for a confirmation of our
statements. The Ministerial project was ultimately de-
feated, there being for the measure 190, and against it
236, majority 46—a proof of the pitiful progress of sound
knowledge in the most venerable assemblies, and of the
immediate necessity of Parliamentary Reform.—Morning
Advertiser.

The presumptuous and incapable set of men who have
for four months been attempting to administer the affairs
of the country sustained a signal and decisive defeat last
night is the House of Commons. In a very full House
they found themselves in a minority of forty-six upon the
question of the timber duties, the numbers being 236
against 190. Of the memorable Budget, than which it
may safely be affirmed a more extraordinary tissue of
ignorance and absurdity never insulted the common sense
of the country—of this memorable Budget nearly every
proposition has been abandoned without a struggle or a
murmur. The first on which its authors ventured to make
a slew of resistance has been the timber duties, a scheme
scarcely less dangerous or pernicious than the attempted
attack upon the Funds. We say a drew of *resistance,
for on this solitary point they were far from venturing
to maintain their original position. It will be seen by
our report that the scheme was very materially modified,
and so presented as to make it appear that to oppose it
would he to oppose the taking off a tax. The bait, how-
ever, failed ; and the measure was rejected altogether in
the most contemptuous manner by a motion made by Mr.
Attwood, " that the Chairman do leave the Chair." Of
the Budget schemes for laying on taxation all are now
" gone on the wind's wings," save one, which alone re-
mains to meet the same melancholy fate--that one being
the happily-imagined tax upon steam-boats ! An unre-
formed Parliament having thus preserved the property of
the fundholder, and rescued the shipping interest, Eng-
land's great bulwark, from destruction, will also (who I
can now doubt the glorious fact?) maintain for us that
Constitution which is identical with the power and hap-
piness of our country.—Morning Post.
Those who cast an attentive eye upon the various
points which, taken in the mass, form what is called the
aspect of public affairs, cannot fail to observe the ill-con-
certed agony of apprehension which the promoters of the
revolutionary measure are suffering, notwithstanding the
artificial tone of vaunting which they assume. Indeed
this vehement manner of obstreperous and precocious
triumph may be looked upon as one of the not least cer-
tain indications of real weakness in the revolutionary
party. They who feel certain that success will come
reserve the hour of triumph for that in which no
doubt can even by possibility mix with their sense of
victory, while in different circumstances we may he
glad to snatch by anticipation that which they fear
they might lose if the event were waited for. The
anxiety to get up meetings and to puff their re-
sults—the ridiculous exaggerations of Ministerial sup-
port when Members are gathered together, partly for
drill and partly for entrea.y—the scoffing manner in
which opposition is spoken of, at the very moment that
such strenuous efforts are made to meet that opposition—
all show that fear, fear of defeat and disgrace, in having
failed even in the desperate expedient of this pretended
popular measure, are hidden under the assumption of
overwhelming strength. It is true that the conservative
party of the nation have taken up, as becomes them,
a more calm and less boasting tone ; but it is not the
carriage that makes most noise in its progress which
is the safest to travel in, or the most likely to reach its
destination unshattered. The friends Of the Constitution
are not inactive, though they make but little public
demonstration; they reserve their strength for the legi-
timate place of its exercise—the unrevolutionized
House of Commons. Hitherto they have done their part
as the palpable preponderance of talent in the speeches on
the motion for bringing in the Bill sufficiently show. The
division yet remains ; and there also we feel almost a
moral certainty that the cause of the Constitution, of
peace, security, and permanent institutions, will prevail.
One great union, we trust, will act with resistless force
in a direct negative to the revolutionary Bill. Amongst
those who do not approvßte—itilithehieaßstgi lroblefeatft;
tresleruecteoislmmteimpoalnyettehobeferrßeerejection.
differentfehotroi
Reform
nld,
shades
butdwe h ooi If:
thisp
commoni nine
respectingdetestable t
oh jl
ce
When that all-important object is effected, it will be for
the consideration of the House what course it is then most
beneficial to pursue,..—Aforning Post
