RAILWAY MAGAZINE.

With the November Number of this Journal is presented
a very accurate and beautifully executed Map of the Man-
chester and Birmingham Railway and its proposed ex-
tension to Rugby, showing the advantages which that line
will possess over the present route by Birmingham and the
Grand Junction Railway. Advocates as we have ever been
for the promotion of these great national works, we cannot
hesitate to express our approval of the projected line for
many reasons. It will in the first place shorten the dis-
tance from London to Manchester and consequently to all
the great manufacturing districts north and east of this
latter town, by upwards of thirty miles, which, together
with the saving of power obtained by better gradients, will
be equal to at least forty-two miles in a line 200 miles in
length. We recollect an observation of that eminent en-
gineer, Mr. Brunel, at the last meeting of the Great Wes-
tern Railway Company, which appears to us peculiarly ap-
plicable to this point. It was to the effect, that where the
distance was the same in two competing lines, if one of them
possessed more favourable gradients than the other, the
expense of working and wear and tear of engines would be
so much less, that instead of dividing the traffic, the whole
would be absorbed by the line pessessing the more favourable
gradients. In the next place, and here also the interests of the
public are deeply concerned, it will form a competing line in
some measure with the Grand Junction and the London
and Birmingham lines, which, even the little experience the
public have had in the working of these undertakings
must convince them, will exercise a most salutary influence
on the monopolizing propensities of the parties connected
with them. There is one point on which we differ with
the writer of the article on the " Manchester and Birming-
ham Extension Line," we mean with respect to the best line
for an improved communication with Ireland. The • only
advantage which the route by Great Ormeshead possesses,
is, that the line as far as Chester has been already under-
taken. The shortest and most direct route, and the one
which, we think, must be ultimately adopted, (Holyhead
having been thrown overboard by all parties,) is by the
Great Western Railway to Oxford, thence to Worcester,
to which point the line has been already projected, and on
in a straight line to Port Dynllaen in Wales. The advan-
tages of this route have been pointed out more than once
in The Sun, and we believe, notwithstanding the objections
which have been started, a line with very favourable gra-
dients can be constructed in this direction, by which Dub-
lin would be brought within 12 or 14 hours of London.
There is an article on the subject of Electro-
Magnetic Telegraphs upon a plan proposed by Mr.
Steiahiel and Professor Morse, of New York. The plan
is extremely applicable to railways for the prevention of
accidents by collision, &c. The precision and rapidity with
which intelligence can be conveyed by them, by night as
well as by day, is clearly demonstrated, and appears to us
worthy the attention of Government :
Ten miles is the distance at which the American tele-
graph has been tried, and testimony is given by a Commission
of the Franklin Institute of Philadelphia and a Committee
named by the Congress of the United States, both of which
report favourably. The Committee has, indeed, proposed to
devote 30,000 dollars towards a grand experiment on this-
mode of communication."

Let our rulers, if they be not to proud, take a lesson in
this matter from our transatlantic brethren. No ono
could possibly object to so legitimate an expenditure of a
portion of the public money.

MONTHLY CHRONICLE.
A better Number than the present has not yet appeared.
It is practical, but not too much so ; and has just enough
of pure literature to please, without wearying. The first
article is devoted to a consideration of the " Progress of
the New Poor Law," which the writer, with perfect truth,
asserts to be most satisfactory. " That the law," he ob-
serves, " has been productive of signal benefits to the
country, is beyond dispute ; and it ought to be remem-
bered that it has not vet been long enough in existence to
bear the fruit it is capable of yielding. Let its roots
strike into the earth—let its branches spread and
strengthen, and then we shall be enabled to judge whether
the tree is goodly. Laws involving vast social changes,
and infusing new blood into the veins and arteries of
hundreds of civil institutions, demand time to ma-
ture their "extensive reforms. The abuses which this
law was designed to remedy were the growth of centuries
—they cannot be hunted down in four years." We have
quoted the above passage, because it throws out a
valuable hint to the Stanhopes, the Oastlers, and the
other intolerant opponents of the Poor-law Bill. " Earl
Grey" is an admirably drawn portrait—true in its every
lineament—of this distinguished Statesman, who is almost
the only specimen that yet remains among us, of a race
of political Titans. " Notes of a Lover of Books" is one
of Leigh Hunt's delightful essays. " Spain, Past and
Present," evinces no slight acquaintance with the subject.
We recommend Tory readers to peruse it with attention,
as it will supply them with information of which they are
very much in want. " Notes of the Month" are well se-
lected, and written in an easv, sprightly style.

THE NEW SPORTING MAGAZINE. Spiers.
Don John must, indeed, be a colt of extraordinary pro-
mise in the sporting circles, since we have an engraving of
him among the leading embellishments in the Old and
New Sporting Magazines for November. The one now
presented to us is by W. B. Scott, from a painting by
Snow, and reflects credit upon the industry and skill ofthe
artist. In design it is inferior to the other, but in point of
finish as an engravinc, far superior. The other embellish-
ment presents us with a parr of well-bred greyhounds at
full stretch,and within one leap of poor puss vainly essaying
a last double. The " Railroad Melodies" are excellent,
and the " Handley Cross Hounds" more humourous every
succeeding Number.

NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE.
The 4, Gurney Papers" arc here brought to a conclu-
sion ; and though, as a whole, they arc too much wire-
drawn, as if the author were writing merely to fill space,
yet among them may be found some of the most piquant
bits of description and sketches of character that he has
ever penned. We hope it will not be long ere he gives us
some more " Papers," " Something next to Nothing," i 3
a lively essay, showing much worldly wisdom. How just,
for instance, are the remarks in this passage :
The reader is now prepared for another great truth, and will
begin to perceive that although a loss of character ls. uht
wn:
if it I:hie' Insolvency
real injury, yet much depends upon the manner in. %
11.11 ital.
get rid of it. It is exactly with reputation as s
in the face.
It must be. profitably invested, or ruin stares ) u
-:°".irencoverably
If your money goes in personal expences,
consumed in its use, there is no resource but in

Court. So, if you throw away your character in disrepu-
table vices, or, what is as bad, in imprudent speculations, you
become a marked man, and will regret it to the last day of
your existence. But place your character on a profitable ven-
ture, and bring it home " in a full shower of cent. per cent."
...no matter how sorely damaged in the voyage, no one will
think of looking it in the face, and you may pass it current in
society at your own valuation. A common vulgar thief, who
squanders his character in police offices, will find it impossible
to get employed when released from his prison ; while he who
goes more thriftily to work, who saves himself for great occa-
sions, and ye le tout pour le tout, in a fraudulent bankruptcy
for half a million, or a trip to America with the public mo-
ney, to an enormous amount, in his pocket, may draw on the
public for a second reputation on his own terms.
" Major Gahagan s Historical Reminiscences are worthy
of O'Doherty. Their humour is of the very broadest
character ; and their swaggering lies as well packed up as
those of Falstaff or Congreve's Captain Bluffe. " An Indian
Tradition" is an interesting anecdote, told with much tact.
" The Manager's Note Book" gives us a Memoir of Mrs.
Billington, in which we are informed, with particular atten-
tion to dates, that " in December, 1804, Mrs. Billington
had nearly lost her life by, taking a dose of laudanum by
mistake ;" and that " in May, 180.5, there was an alarm
of fire in her house in Cadogan-place, which greatly dis-
composed her." Very likely, but who in the year 1838
cares to know all this ? " Baron Von Boots" is really and
truly a " Tale of Blood" of the choicest quality. It is told
with much fun. The " Perils of Passion" is a rhymed
extravaganza, something after Hood's fashion of double
rhymes in one line. On the whole, the Number is a very
amusing one.

METROPOLITAN.
The Number before us is not deficient in variety, but
the articles, for the most part, are too long. " The Note
Book of an Irish Barrister," consists of a biographical
sketch of Mr. Burroughs, a well-known member of the
Dublin bar. It is a readable memoir, but it would have
been much more so if the writer had given his information
in a more compact and condensed form.. But he amplifies
too much, and is far too lavish of his tropes and metaphors.
Habits and Opinions of the Poets," is a gossipping little
Esiay of the Leigh Hunt school, in which we meet with
the following amiable common-place —" Poetical genius is
often far from being an enviable gift to its possessor. The
word "often" is an amusing qualifier of this trite truism.
" Father Love" is the continuation of an energetie story
from the pen of the Irish novelist, Banim.

THE MONTHLY LAW MAGAZINE. Richards.
Notwithstanding the Tory bias of its articles on general
subjects, this periodical is well calculated to render essen-
tial service to the legal student, and to members of the
legal profession generally. But beyond the pale of the
Bar and the Bench we are not inclined to think that it will
ever be popular. The articles on " Prison Discipline,"
the " Irish Poor-law Bill," " Law Reform," and the
Murder of the late Mr. Mirfin in a duel," are the best
in this Number. The most useful part of this periodical
is the abridgement of the statutes, which is executed with
fidelity and judgment. Such abridgements are often excel-
lent helps to country magistrates.

THE SPORTING MAGAZINE.
Pittman.
The November embellishments of this popular periodical
are—Don John, by Engleheart, from a drawing by Turner ;
and Dash, by Beckwith, from a painting by Smith. The
first is but indifferently executed. The sporting articles
are very amusingly and gracefully written.

JOURNAL OF THE STATISTICAL SOCIETY
OF LONDON
-- - --

Charles Kniiht.
This is the seventh Number of a periodical which in
these matter-of-fact times cannot fail to become generally
popular. The papers on the State of the Agricultural
Labourers in various districts of England, are particularly
interesting. It is well edited, and published in a form ad-
mirably suited to the convenience of men of business.

STATISTICAL ACCOUNT OF THE_ B.RI-
TISH EMPIRE.

Br J. B. AeCULLOCII, ESQ.
Charles Knight.
No work has appeared of late more deserving of a wide
circulation, on account of the mass of curious and useful
information contained in it, than this edition of Mr.
M'Culloch's " Statistical History of the British Empire." The village politician will find in it all that he may desire
to know ; while the country gentleman may profitably con-
sult it upon questions for a correct solution of which he
might rummage in vain all the tomes in his library. To
render works of this kind permanently useful, there ought,
if possible, to be annual or triennial editions of them ; al-
though we fear that the expensiveness of such a proposition
will render it nugatory,

THE CHRISTIAN REFORMER.
Sherwood and Co.
There is in this Number, amidst a considerable variety
of well-written articles, a paper on " The Structure of
Chapels," which we would recommend to the attention of
all, whether Churchmen or Dissenters, who have anything
to do with the erection of places of worship. The author
points out the faults generally committed in the structure
and fitting up of chapels, and explains the principles on
which they ought to be constructed, so as to answer most
effectually the purpose for which they are intended. The
admirable " Essays on the Truth of the Gospel" are
brought to a conclusion. We hope they will be published
in a separate and cheap form ; they are eminently calcu-
lated to settle the belief of the wavering, and to bring
back to the Christian fold those who may unhappily
have strayed from it. " The Hazlitt Papers" contain an
interesting correspondence between the Rev. William
Hazlitt, the father of the Essayist, and various persons
eminent in the literary and religious world. In the Re-
viewing department we find several well-written articles,
but have only space to mention the review of Mr.
Wellbeloved's New Translation of the Bible, with Notes
and Illustrations—a work of Herculean labour, and which,
from the notice here given of it, appears to be executed
in a masterly manner.

LONDON MONTHLY MISCELLANY
Contains a posthumous poem—by no means remarkable
for talent--of Anna Maria Porter, the well-known novelist ;
a clever paper, by Alfred Crowquill ; and another, not
quite so good, from the pen of the author of the " Tales
of a Physician." The Magazine is also embellished with
an amusing caricature, entitled the " Cardinal's Fool."
Considering its price—only eighteen pence—the London
Monthly Miscellany is inferior to none of its Contem-
poraries.

LONDON AND EDINBURGH PHILO-
SOPHICAL MAGAZINE.
Taylor, Red Lion-court.
This ably-conducted periodical keeps up its character in
the present Number. Mr. Faraday has a valuable paper on
electricity, in which new views in that branch of science
are unfolded by this highly talented philosopher. There
is also, besides many others of considerable interest, a very
curious paper on the analysis of a meteoric stone found in
America, which appears to differ from any substance known
on the earth.

THE MURDER AT SHADIVELL.-Yesterday morn-
ing an inquest was held by adjournment from Monday, at the
London Hospital, Mile End-road, on Edmund Taylor, a
cooper and seaman, aged twenty-five years, who died on Sun-
day night last, from the effects of a wound inflicted by a sailor,
named John Robertson, belonging to the Golconda East In-
diaman, on Sunday, the 30th of September last. The case,
which has been frequently under investigation before the
Thames Police Magistrates, has excited much interest. In
the first instance a seaman named Horrebow, bearing a strong
resemblance to the prisoner Robertson, was taken into custody
on a charge of stabbing the decased, at the instigation of a
woman of the town, named Ellen Collins, alias Smith, and
several witnesses having sworn to Horrebow as the man who
stabbed the cooper, he was taken before Mr. Greenwood, at
the Thames Police-office, and would, no doubt, have been ul-
timately committed for trial, had not circumstances transpired
which clearly established the innocence of Horrebow, who was
discharged from custody. Robertson and Collins were re-
manded from week to week until Thursday last, when Mr.
Greenwood committed them for trial, the man for stabbing the
deceased, and the woman for aiding and abetting in the com-
mission of the felony. On a representation being made to the
Judges that Taylor was in a dying state, they ordered the trial
to be postponed until the next sessions of the Central Crimi-
nal Court. A few hours afterwards the maxi died. The Co-
roner attended at the London Hospital on Monday, when the
inquiry was adjourned until yesterday morning. AftSra dence had been heard at great length, the jury returnecnci
ver-
dict of " Wilful murder against John Robertson, as
pawl pand Ellen Collins, alias Smith, for aiding, abetting, The
in-
citing the said John Robertson to commit the murder."_
week from
in Newgate, to which they were committed Coroner issued his warrant for the detention:d
Collins has been re..
last
ttheprisofners
the Thames Police-office. The prisonerand is one of the most
peatedly in custody for various offences,earrro.f the class to which she
belongshardened
at andth e
eastdesperateof
tloemnt
Yesterday thereextraordinary high tide in
wasprodauctive of considerable damage.
the River, which
nearly two feet higher than
heavy fall of rain.
the banks and inundating cellars, ware-
houses,usnal, overflowing
situated on low grounds in Bankside,
The circumstance. iScaatshteribtiudteedresteo the late hurricane and the
Deptford, and other places.
•
An inquest was held yesterday in the Old Kent-
road,"on the body of George Johnson, an aged' Chelsea pen..
who was found drowned in the Surrey Canal on Mon-
daydwellings morning. No evidence was adddcgd‘to show how he had
got into the water, and the jury returned a verdict accord-
ingly. The deceased served under the DukeL of Wellington,
in the Royal Artillery, at Waterloo, Salamanca, Vittoria, the
siege of Badajos, at which he greatly distinguished himself,
and through the whole of the Peninsular campaign.

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

The influx of important intelligence from the East Indies,
and the grave considerations arising out of the events
therein detailed, have diverted our attention for a time
from the pamphlet on " India, Great Britain, and Russia,"
which is so singularly a-propos to that subject. The ob-
servations of the writer on the commercial part of the
question are remarkably sound and judicious, presenting at
once a correct view of its present state, and foretelling the
complete annihililation of it which must follow the acquisi-
tion of those rich possessions by Russia. Another federa-
tion in the East, contrived to crush our commerce with
India, as effectually as that of Germany has already ac-
complished that purpose over the richest part of Europe, is
indeed a vision to fill the mind of the British merchant with
dismay ! Not to injure the effect of this passage by a partial
quotation,we have taken it entire, and have placed it under a
separate head. Some further reference to the political portion
of the pamphlet is peculiarly apt and fitting at this moment,
since the views of the author are ascertained, even while it
is in our hands, to be the precise policy upon which the Go-
vernment of India is preparing to act. " From the mag-
nitude of the interests at stake," he remarks, " it especially
behoves us to be warned in time—to anticipate the ap-
proach of danger, however slow or distant the hostile move-
ment—not to wait till the enemy is at the gates of the ci.
tadel, but to deprive him of the chance of arriving there."
The mixture of half alliance, half-enmity, in which the Go-
vernment of India is placed with respect to the various
kingdoms, states, and native tribes which are to form, un-
der politic management, the barrier to the advance of
Russia, may be understood from the annexed extracts,
which form the best commentary upon the news which has
just been received :
" The States of Sinde, occupying the eastern side of the
lower portion of the Indus, are understood not to be decidedly
unfriendly to us ; but, from various causes, we cannot rely
upon them for any efficient support. Above them lies the
kingdom of the Punjaub, ruled by the celebrated Runjeet
Singh, an old ally of the British Government. He has
hitherto been faithful to his engagements; but it might not be
desirable to put his virtue to too severe a test. It is a prevail-
ing opinion, moreover, that the stability of the power which
be has raised depends greatly on the continuance of his own
life. Further, it may be observed that his territories„ with
the exception of a small portion of which he has dispossessed
Cabul, lie within the Indus ; and the policy of England should
lead to a &fence beyond that river.

" In that portion of Asia (between Persia and the Indus)
which has just been indicated lies a country long distinguished
in the annals of the East for the production of men eminent] y
endued with all those qualities which are most valuable in the
soldier. To that country should the attention of England be
directed, as the means of rolling back the flood of Russian
aggression, which, unless resisted, will at no distant period
menace the passes of the British frontier, if it do not force them.
" Affghanistan was even in modern times regarded as a for-
midable neighbour ; and one of the objects of our alliance
with Persia was to protect British India from invasion by the
Affgbans. It has been weakened by civil wars, but its posi-
tion renders it of importance to cultivate a connexion with it.
If an attempt should be made to invade India, the route of
the invading force will probably be through Affghanistan.
The friendship or enmity of the rulers of this country could,
therefore, at no time be strictly regarded as a matter of indif-
ference. It is now become of more importance than ever that
we should in Affghanistan possess the means of repelling the
march of a hostile army towards India; but the value of these
provinces as outworks has long been acknowledged, and it is
a proverbial expression that Cabul and Candahar are the
gates of Hindostan.'
" Cabul and Candahar are the gates of India; but it
would not be desirable that England should have actual pos.
session of them, even though possession were within her
reach. By extending our frontier so far to the westward, we
should only be pushing it toward the most wily and deter-
mined of our enemies, and thus bringing nearer an adversary
whom it is our policy to keep at a distance. A system of al-
liances judiciously formed with the princes of Affghanistan
would give us exactly the security which we want; our ob-
ject being, not aggrandisement, but defence—not the gratifi-
cation of any ambitious views entertained by ourselves, but
the frustration of those of Russia. There are undoubtedly
difficulties in the way. Affghanistan is divided among several
chiefs, some of them actuated by bitter enmity towards each
other, and none of them, perhaps, in their hearts regarding the
rest with much cordiality. An exiled Prince of that country
is at this time an actual guest in the Bi itish dominions. Run-
jeet Singh is not well disposed towards the Affghan Princes,
nor they towards him ; and his overrunning Peshawar has
never been forgiven by its former possessors. His heresy, too,
assists in rendering him odious ; and the orthodox Mahometans,
while seeking aggrandizement or revenge at his expense, may
readily persuade themselves that they are fighting the battle of
Heaven. To aid these elements of fermentation we cannot
doubt, although we may be unable to produce positive proof of
the fact, that Russian intrigue is actively at work, cajoling or
threatening, as may best answer the purpose. This last is the
most discouraging circumstance of all ; but, if it dismay us,
we are unworthy of being the countrymen of those who laid
the foundations of our Indian empire. There will be diffi-
culties in the way of a satisfactory settlement, but Russia
knows nothing of difficulties but to surmount them.
• x a • •

who have never bestowed a moment's serious considers-

ton on it. Russia is an aggressive power ; she has been
constantly adding to her possessions, and it is inferred
that in time she will come in contact with our Indian
empire. In the Asiatic Journal for November there
is an able article on " Russia, India, and England,"
in which the writer first inquires into the motives which
Russia can possibly have to cripple the power of England,
and next into the means which she possesses of invading
India. Though the power and the resources as well as :he
ambition of Russia are, no doubt, in general greatly ex-
aggerated, and sufficient allowance is not made for the ten-
dency to augmentation of an empire possessed of a large
territory and an extensive frontier, still with every fair
deduction and allowance, it must be admitted that the re-
sources of Russia are great, and that her recent history is
not calculated to disarm apprehension with respect to the
use she may make of them. The writer in the Asiatic
.lournal has not settled the question by his endeavour to
show that " the conduct and policy of England cannot
furnish Russia with any motive for hostility, and that
this great power has already territory enough to satisfy
the most inordinate appetite for dominion," and that " the
consequences likely to result to Russia herself from the
ruin or the depression of Great Britain" would be in-
jurious to her in the extreme. That Russia has already
territory enough to satisfy the most inordinate appetite for
dominion does not prove that she is not desirous of more ;
while, on the other hand, various circumstances tend to
prove that in some quarters at least she is actually paving
the way for further aggressions. It may be true that many
of the military operations of Russia on her frontiers are at-
tributable to the same causes which have led our own
countrymen in India to take possession of one territory
after another. That an empire which is contiguous to
China, Persia, Turkey, Germany, and the Polar Sea,
" The boundaries of which," says the writer in the Asiatic
.lournal, " are at some points defined by no geographical marks,
at others lost in the steppes of nomade tribes, or faintly traced
along the confines of uncivilised nations, should be constantly
engaged in petty hostilities with these refractory and predatory
neighbours, may well be expected ; but these attempts to
define and defend her frontier are not to be ascribed to a desire
of aggrandizement, We know by experience in our Indian
empire that one of the evils of a large territory and an exten-
sive frontier, without geographical limits, is the constant ten-
dency to augmentation. A positive enactment of the Impe-
rial Legislature against increasing our dominions in India has
not prevented their unavoidable extension to the Indus on one
side, and the Brahmaputra on the other, whilst on the North
they are pushed up to the very glaciers of the Himalaya. If
we look to our own proceedings (and self-examination is an
office as beneficial to States and communities as to indivi-
duals) it would not be difficult to find parallel cases to Russian
encroachment in British India. Let us (passing over ancient
and obsolete examples) compare our treatment of the Coorgs
of Southern India, or of the wild tribes of Assam, with that of
the Circassians by Russia, and we shall see that there is little
essential difference between the two cases. Russia may, with
as good a title of prima facie right, chastise the mountaineers
of the Kuban and of Caucasus, and for their resistance reduce
them to subjection, as we have punished and subdued many of
the native independent people of Hindustan. If tried by the
strict rules which we apply to other great powers in Europe,
our empire in India i 3 but an aggregate of usurpations, of spo-
liations by the stronger of the weaker. The grounds upon
which these acquisitions and appropriations of territory are
justified would be as available in one case as in the other."

Without attempting to decide whether the cases are ex-
actly parallel—whether our wars in India have been al-
ways strictly justifiable—whether the necessity of finding
employment and plunder for a large army may not have
occasionally been the cause of Indian as well as Russian
wars, this is not precisely an argument calculated to disarm
apprehension with regard to Russian designs. And as
nations as well as individuals are often short-sighted, and do
not act in accordance with their true interests, it is pos-
sible that, though it may not be the interest of Russia that
England should be humbled, indignation at being foiled by
the latter country in some of his ardently-cherished projects
may lead the Czar to pursue a course dictated by passion
rather than the welfare of his people. But our conso-
lation is, that allowing Russia to be as blind as possible to
her own interests, to entertain the wish of injuring England
as much as she possibly can, she can neither injure us in
Europe or in Asia. Between the countries now possessed
by Russia and our Indian territories there is a wide inter-
val of countries which do not furnish the means of support-
ing a force capable of making head for a moment against
the armies which could be brought against it on descending
into Hindostan.
" The utmost," says the writer in the Asiatic .Journal
" that has been contended for by those who profess the clear-
est conviction of the ' designs of Russia,' and who give the
most exaggerated estimate of her power and resources, is the
bare practicability of an invasion of India by her—they have
acknowledged that it is an enter rize beset with peril and
difficulty, and the fruition of which can only be obtained by
immense sacrifices. And who that looks upon the map with
other eyes than those of a theorist, and reads the details given
by Captain Burnes, in his recent travels, of the political state
of some of the countries that must be traversed by the
Russian armies, can contemplate such an undertaking as
other than one morally, if not physically impracticable for
all rational objects? The disorganized condition of those
countries—the mutual antipathies of the people, which
would render any attempt at general combination futile—
the nature of their military organization, which peculiarly
fits them for attacking an invading force, when cooped in
defiles or exhausted in a desert march ; the climate, want of
supplies—without any active hostility on our part, would
throw every species of impediment in the way of military ope-
rations, and the invading army, reduced in numbers and
weakened in its morale, even if it entered the Punjab as
friends, not as enemies, would have to dispute the possession
of India with 300,000 fresh troops, true to their salt, fight-
ing on their own soil, and led by British officers—an army
which the great Captain of the age has pronounced one of the
finest he ever saw."

" A satisfactory settlement of Affghanistan is most impor-
tant in reference to an event which, in the ordinary course of
nature, cannot be far distant. Admitting that perfect reli-
ance may be placed on the fidelity of Runject Singh while he
lives, it is to be remembered that, though an extraordinary
man, the ordinary lot of mortality awaits him, and at his
death what will become of his dominions? If confusion should
arise in the Punjaub, as will most probably be the case, it
would be well that what is immediately beyond should be
tranquil. The Punjaub is now regarded as a valuable defence
to our frontier, but should that be broken up, and Affghanis-
tan remain alienated from us, we shall not have an ally be-
tween British India and its most formidable enemy. Our
frontier will have no protection but its natural strength ; and
if in the scramble for dominion any part of the Punjaub should
fall to the lot of the Affghans, let it be remembered that by
that time, if not under British, they will certainly be under
Russian influence, and Russian intrigue will thus be brought
to our very threshold.
" Suppose, however, that we have secured an ally to the
west of Punjaub, capable of rendering efficient assistance,
the chance of disorder arising in that country is diminished,
and if, notwithstanding, it should arise, we have insured
means of suppressing it, and of restoring such a state of
things as is compatible with our safety. The disturbers of
peace would be placed between two fires, and in the restraint
thus created we should have the best security for a speedy re-
turn to tranquillity. It must be recollected that the ledus is
jest beginning to be regarded as a much more important me-
dium of communication than it has heretofore been thought.
It is believed that, both for military and commercial purposes,
it is capable of being made eminently useful to British India
and Britain itself. But the realisation of these hopes must
depend upon its banks being occupied by inhabitants friendly
to those by whom its waters arc navigated."
We must here close our extracts from this pamphlet, in
order to bestow some notice on another work, entitled the
Progress of Russia in the East," which has some import-
ant bears g,s in a different way upon the same subject. This
work is historical in its character, and presents us with a
view, in actioa; of the whole of that system of gradual in-
crease of territorial and other aggression which is the leading
characteristic of Russian policy, artfully glossed over from
time to time, but now clear and fully demonstrated to the
humblest capacity. The book is illustrated by a map, giv.
ing a sketch of the " acquisitions of Russia since the ac-
cession of Peter I. to the throne." It is published as a
second edition," but we understand that, on its first ap-
pearance, which took place abut three years ago, when Mr.
'Neil was appointed to the Persian mission, all the co-
pies that could be procured were carefully withdrawn from
circulation, so that it may be received as a new work.
The author has introduced into a preface to this edition a
cursory view of the new matter which has arisen in the
interval, and he well observes, that the rapidity of the pro-
gress of Russia is " not less alarming and astounding than
its unerring certainty ; 64 years," he observes, ``tliat is,
from 1772. to 1833-6, were required to advance the southern
frontier of the Czars a distance of 700 mi:es, namely,
from the line of posts established by Peter the Great, be-
tween the Don and the Volga, to the Arras ; within
these last two years the Emperor Nicholas has advanced
his influence, if not his troops, from
bul--0, stride of more the Arras to Ca-
two thousand miles."
IVe d.o not deem it
work, necessary to our purpose to
make any analysis of this to give large extracts
from it. It is chiefly useful in ther of. reference for
facts, presented for the first time in gray
series, de-
tached from general history, and illustratingr more forcibly
than any arguments could do, the whole
Tcohurse of policy
pursued by the Russian Government. conjuncture
which these works bear upon and illustrate is
one
whichfor
some occupy a very prominent place in public attention
some time. There cannot be a doubt that the movement
of the Indian Government is directed by something more
than theoretical reasoning respecting the designs of Russia,
and they have taken the only step which, in their position,'
could effectually check them. The apathy which appears
to prevail in Downing-street, implies that our " incapables"
think themselves secure, not only as against any collision
with Russia, but from all obligation to assist the Indian
Government, by sending out fresh troops, which they pro._
bably could not do if required, so completely are. their
hands tied up on all sides. In their supiness and morn_
potency lies the real danger to this country and to India
during the crisis on which we are about to enter.—Times.
We believe that no person of good understanding who
has made himself at all acquainted with the subject believes
in the practicabilty of the invasion of India by Russia.
The Emperor of Russia has had too much experience of
the difficulty and expense of moving a regular army through
d to dream of the possibility- of
issia should wish to spoil Turkey
mcnse accession to her power
instantinople would give to her.
have for pushing her conquests
far as to enable her to place our
a- in any jeopardy ? But it so
deliver opinions on this subject

But then Russia may either gradually occupy Persia,
or, by acting on the fears of the Sovereign of that country,
lead him to ;,invade India. The very idea is ridiculous.
Persia is a barren and thinly-peopled country, and feeble
in point of resources. A Persian army is a by-word for
everything that is contemptible, and the country to be
passed is not only difficult in the extreme, but occupied by
tribes of hardy mountaineers, who would destroy the
Persians before they had well entered their mountains.
Supposing Russia to be in possession of Persia, she
would for a long time be weakened instead of
strengthened by an occupation which would entail
a heavy expenditure on her. But Allowing that
this difficulty were surmounted, and that magazines
could be established towards the frontiers of Aff-
glianistan, there is still that wild and difficult region to
pass. If the Russians have hitherto been so signally foiled
in the Caucasus with great resources near at hand, and if
it required two years to enable them to cross the Balkan,
where, if they had been opposed by any skill they would
have been utterly destroyed, we may easily conceive the
hopelessness of any attempt to penetrate with an efficient
army the regions between Persia and India. But we will
suppose, farther, that all the jealous clans of Affghanistau
have for once laid aside their differences, and entered into
an alliance with Russia, mountaineers are only formidable
in their own country. Any force that the Russians and
Affghans could pour into India would instantly be cut to
pieces by our numerous brave and admirably appointed
armies. Runjeet Sing has an efficient army of about forty
thousand men, but no man knows better than that ruler
that he could be annihilated by us in a moment, Neither
he nor any other ruler of the Punjaub would dream of
provoking our vengeance for the sake of a distant power
which could afford him no efficient aid. But, should a
feeling of hostility in that quarter manifest itself, means
would soon be adopted for securing ourselves. But we
have bestowed too much attention on this visionary notion
of an attempt on India by Russia. That part ofourem-
pire is equally secure against open and covert hostility. The.
only effect of Russian intrigues on an extended frontier,
would be to draw down on the heads of the aggressors a
signal punishment. Russia has, no doubt, great resources
for a half-civilised country. But, after all, she is only for-
midable against weak or barbarous neighbours. She has
ncver yet been able to move an efficient army of more than
100,000 men beyond her own territories. Their weakness
was shown in the difficulty she had in reducing a handful of
Poles, and in the contemptible figure she cut in her last
Turkish war. The armies are wretchedly provided for, and
consequently the loss of her armies from disease in any
campaign is enormous. No, no ; the Russians, with all
their boasting, are too well aware of the nature of their re-
sources, to think seriously of an attempt on India. We
agree with the writer in the Asiatic Journal, that a great
deal too much has been made of this political bugbear.—
..iforning Chronicle.

STATE OF TRADE.—The speculative demand for
cotton at Liverpool, which has revived with great animation
this week, has rendered the market here very unsettled. The
holders of yarn are not generally willing to sell at former
prices ; and the buyers, who feel no confidence in the main_
tenance of the recent advance in cotton, are equally unwilling
to give higher rates. The business done, we believe, was
chiefly at a slight advance in water twist, and at previous
prices for mule. In goods there was little or no change.
Printing cloth, especially 27-inch, continues in good demand._
4::::n.chester Guardian.

are requested to state t
Mit. LIE 6
,-r?oRE HOOK's NEW NovEL.—We
" Gurney Married," a sequel to ,4 ,'
post Svo., was published this da b
'ii.-,:.
_Mr, Theodore Hook's new novel,
I
Marlborough-street, and may 'liert Gurney," in :3 vols.
'"rn. of Great
Agents, for Scotland, Messrs. Bell and Bat ra
ybe y Aihadr. d
dau''il
fthi%.liiibrai!i".
, in urg 1 ;
for Ireland, Mr. John Cumming, Dublin. ute'
.
QUICK PASSAGE.—The Llan Minnie!), Captain
Simpson, arrived here on Friday last, in twenty-eight days,
liyngs completed the voyage
short period of cloven
ofruotmanSdt.
hAonmderoivn's,thNeouvnapSreecootdiae,nhteadv
weeks. She has completed two voyages to America this
summer, with one cargo out, and two full cargoes home.—
Hull Observer.

ii 11

THE SUN, LONDON, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1.

THE AMERICAN MINISTER AND
MR. O'CONNELL.

The following letter has been addressed by Mr. Steven-
son to a Morning Paper :
" 23, Portland-place, Oct. 29.
" did not see, until my return from Scotland,
the note addressed by Mr. O'Connell, some weeks ago, to
the editor of the Chronicle, purporting to give an explana-
tion of the correspondence which had passed between us,
and which I deemed it proper to make public. I do not
intend to be drawn into any discussion of the subject of do-
mestic slavery as it exists in the United States, nor to give
any explanation of the motives or circumstances under
which I have acted.

" Disposed to regard Mr. O'Connell as a man of ho-
nour, I was induced to take the course I d:d whether
justifiable or not the world will now decide. The tone
and purport of his last note (in which he disavows respon-
sibility for any thing he may say) preclude any other no-
tice from me than to say, that the charge which he has
thought proper again to repeat, of my being a breeder of
slaves for sale and traffic, is wholly destitute of truth,
and that I am warranted in belies ing it has been made by
hlm without the slightest authority. Such, too, I venture
to say, is the case in relation to his charge of slave-breed-
ing in Virginia.
" I make this declaration, not because I admit Mr.
O'Connell's right to call for it, but to prevent my silence
from being misinterpreted.
" A. STEVENSON."

•
countries partially civilized
4. , at Ems.
i /int: i *the irn
po t••••n •, Ca
1,x:3..)); fihe
so
•n ter
• to, , ,:•• J - e
