DIVIDENDS.

I. T. Welshman, Holborn-hill, linen-draper, Oct. 15, at two,
at the Court of Bankruptcy.
J. Porter, Margate, earthenware-dealer, Oct. 15, at twelve, at
the Court of Bankruptcy.
J. Wigan, Macclesfield, silk manufacturer, Oct. 12, at two, at
the Court of Bankrupt Cy.
A. Lopez, M. J. Iglesias, and F. Gonzalez, Copthall-court,
merchants, Oct. 15, at half-past twelve, at the Court of Bank-
ruptcy.
L. 0. Bird, Birmingham, victualler, Oct. 12, at half-past
twelve, at the Court of Bankruptcy.
H. 'Haw., Brook-street, Grosvenor-square, druggist, Oct. 15,
at two, at the Court of Bankruptcy.
W. Bayes, Gainshurglt, iron.lounder, Oct. 13, at
twelve, at the Woolpack Inn, Gainsburgh.
B. Scutt, Brighton, builder, Oct. 18, at twelve, at the Albion
Hotel, Brighton.
J. Armitage mid J. Greenwood, Clayton, Yorkshire, Oct. 13, at
eleiert, at the Old Cock Inn, Halifax.
W. C. Bcycci Worcester, silk-mercer, Oct. 16, at eleven, at
the Market Worcester.
NVi!olVitwkins, lfinniughat.z, button-maker, Oct. 12, at eleven,
at the Royal Hotel, Birmingham.
I. Spurrier, Poole, merchant, Oct 12, at twelve, at the Court
of Bokruptcy,
CERTIFICATES.—OcT. 12.
T. Walter, Ski/jner,strpet, ironmonger.
11. Young, Dursley, Giouze‘torshire, common-brewer.
'l'. Rudd, Bishopsgate-street, tea-jde;ltlr.
I. T. Welshman, Holborn-hill, linen-df4per.
W. Bean, Willesden, horse-dealer.
W. I-t4thtirrl, Stow Park, Lincolnshire, higher.
PA WiIiERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
F. and It. A. Hilton, Nottingham, coal-merchants.
J. Light and J. Lakeman, Khigsbridge, Devonshire, grocers.
J. Smith and B. Litherland, Leeds, paII-Inamilacturers.
W. Hubbard and .1. Coney, Newgate Market, meat„salesmen.
J. Magair and J. Kay, Weigh-house-yard, Lastcheap, Scotch
ale-merchants.
M. Garrett and B. Hoskin, Birmingham, musicians.
W. and J. Blackwell, Sheffield, silver platers.
lj. J, and W. Pitcher, Northffeet, shipAiuNers.
It. Staimury and Co., Borough, Southwark, van-masters.
S. Poole and W. Edwards, Ave-Maria-lane, booksellers.
W. I'ittietd and A, Hartley, Cobbus Nabb, Lancashire,
bleachers.
J. (ircen and J. Humphreys, snuff-manufacturers.
C. Smith and G. Arnold, Bath, innkeepers.
11. Spencer and Co., Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury,
E. Bagnall and 'r. 11. Pemberton, Birmingham, coal-dealers.
J. Iluddait and Co., Liniehonse, cable.mantifacturers.
T. Potter and Co., Kidderminster, carpet-manufacturers.
SCOTCH SE(XESTRATIONS,
DAVID HARLEM and Co., Edinburgh, spirit-dealers, Sept.
21, Oct. 5, at the Ship Tavern, ast Register-street, Edinburgh.
DAVID HOUSTON, Edinburgh, writer, Sept. 25, Oct. 9, at
the Old Signet-hall, Royal Exchange, Edinburgh.

The Doke of RICHMOND arrived at his resi.
(Luce in Cstviqolisli-square ye4terdAy evening from Dun.
c.ister.

REFORM FESTIVAL AT GRIMSBY.

(Abridged from the Stamford News.)
On Friday, September 14, about 200 gentlemen sat
down to an elegant entertainment, provided by the hostess
of the Granby Inn, to celebrate the triumph of the great
measure of Reform. As no room in the town could be
found of sufficient dimensions, a large war, house, belong-
ing to Mr. Marshall, the respectable cornfactor of Grimsby,
was fitted up for the occasion : it was very tasefully deco-
rated, and ample accommodation was afforded. We no-
ticed the following inscriptions : Reform'—' the Church
and Law'—' Earl Grey—Brougham—Russell—Althorp—
Ebrington—Tennyeon—Pelham—lngilby—Hume---He-
neage—Wood—The People—the Press.'
At three o'clock QUESTOR VEAL, Esq. the patriotic and
highly respected Mayor, was elected to the chair.
He was supported on the right by the Hon. C. A.
Pelham, M.P., the Right Hon. C. Tennyson, M.P.,
Captain Maxfield, John Nicholson, Esq., of Brigg,
Geo. Babb, Esq. ;—on the left by Sir W. A. Ingilby,
Bart., M.P., S. Smith, Esq., Colonel Cracrnft, John
Bourne, Esq., and other gentlemen. Philip Skipworth,
Esq., officiated as Vice-President.
The cloth having been withdrawn,
The CHAIRMAN gave The King,' three times three.
—' The Duke of Sussex and the rest of the Royal Fa-
mily'—three times three.
Captain Ma xeixt.n, in a neat speech, proposed Earl
Grey and the rest of his Majesty's Ministers,' theee times
three.
Join; NrcHor.sorr, Esq. rose amidst loud cheering, and
having proposed as a toast, " Lord Ebrington, and the
glorious majority of 288," said, It is probably known to
you that many of the Tories in this county are giving
certain directions to their tenantry,—directions which I
consider to be given in violation of the duties which they
owe to society ; and whatever may be the result, I would
say, for God's sake let us keep from the vote by ballot ; I
admire it not ; but if at all events we should ultimately be
compelled to resort to the ballot, it cannot surely be
charged upon us reformers that we are the cause of such
an expedient being adopted--(Loud cheers.) I think
the ballot objectionable : it is not in my opinion calculated
to accord with English feelings and English habits, for
who is the man who if a candidate for any office does not
wish to meet the honest faces of his constituents, shake
them cordially by the hand, and thank them for the honour
of their support?—" Lord Ebrington, and the glorious
majority of 288." Three times three upro►rious cheers.
The CHAIRMAN next gave, "The Hon. Charles Ander-
son Pelham." The toast was drank accompanied by three
times three hearty cheers.
The Hon. C. A. PELHAM, in returning thanks, said,
Gentlemen, the question of vote by ballot has been referred
to. I confess Ido abhor the vote by ballot; but I never-
theless agree with Mr. Nicholson, that if such influence is
used—such an influence as is attempted to be exercised in
this county—if in this and other counties the honest free-
holder is intimidated, and prevented from giving his suf-
frage agreeably to the dicta.es of his conscience—if there
are those who will be so blind as to endeavour once more
to bring this country on the eve of a revolution—who will
again recur to those practices which we have so recently
endeavoured to repudiate—who will still endeavour to de-
prive the people of the right of sending their representa-
tives to the Commons House of Parliament, we must have
recourse to those means which will protect the honest
voter in the exercise of that right with which he is invested
by the constitution.—(Loud cheers.) Gentlemen, I trust
you will allow me to repeat, that I did support the Re-
form Bill which has now happily become the law of the
land, from the firm conviction that corrupt boroughs
—boroughs generally denominated rotten, such as, for in-
stance, the borough for which I was returned before I had
the honour of representing this county,—a borough con-
taining only 33 voters—(laughter)—of whom I never saw
one—(laughter)—nor even the place itself—(Continued
laughter)—l say I supported that Bill from the firm con-
viction that such boroughs ought to be disfranchised, for
the knowledge of the mode in which the representative
was elected by a constituency so limited as hardly to de-
serve the appellation, made me abhor them.—(Cheers.)
GEORGE WHITLAM, Esq., proposed the health of Sir
William Ingilby.—Three times three uproarious cheers.
Sir W. A. INGILBY was received with rapturous cheer-
ing.—On this occasion I fear I shall hardly be able to ex-
press in terms commensurate with my feelings those deep
emotions of gratitude which I entertain for the very flat-
tering and kind manner in which you have received the
announcement of my health.—(Cheers.) I say at once I
do from good experience see the necessity of the ballot.—
(Loud and rapturous cheers.) Though none of my friends
on the right admire the ballot, and though I may have en-
tertained the sameopinion in former times, yet the longer I
live, and the more experience I have of the nature and
frailty of the human mind, I cannot shut my eyes to the
fact, that if you intend the people to be free, they cannot
be so without the ballot.—(Continued cheers.) Gentle-
men, I now see no cause for hesitating any longer in the
course to be pursued, whatever I may have done before,.
the light has shined through me so radically on the sub-
ject—(Loud laughter)—of liberty, that I would have the
peasant whose freehold is stated at 40s. as free and inde-
pendent as my Lord Brownlow with his 40,0001. a year.
—(Cheers.) I have told my friends that I am
travelling about with certain books—but, mark you,
certain books of great autho:ity. The writer in the
Age says he defies me to find one case of a pension being
received by any person connected with this county. Now
I can find one case, and I do not know whether I shall
not find another very well.—(Loud cheers.) I will start
with a good mao—s pious ecclesiastic—l will ask you
why that great and magnanimous churchman in this
county, no less a man, I believe, than the Archdeacon of
Lincoln—why I find him in this celebrated book booked for
1,3501. a year, namely, a pension of 8001., anal a little
sweetmeat for keeping state papers, of 550/. per annum
more.--(Loud cheers.) Now Ido not know whether it
becomes a mighty and haughty ecclesiastic of the Church
of England—a man who enjoys the title of very reverend
--(Laughter)—to be thus eating your taxes. I believe I
am not under any mistake—the Charles Goddard I see is,
I believe, the same man whose services to the state never
can have merited such pay, and which, when the spirit
called him to the church, ought to have been given up.—
(Loud laughter, cheers, and " RIGHT, Sir William.") But
there he is recorded for 1,350/. per annum in the Black
Book : he ought to be recorded in one other, namely, the
one kept by St. Peter.—(Loud laughter.) It now only
remains for me to thank you for the respectful attention
which I have received, and to assure you, that whenever
the time arrives when I shall be again called upon to serve
you, depend upon it I shall discharge any duty to you as
faithfully and conscientiously as I possibly can.—The Hon.
Baronet concluded amidst the most enthusiastic cheering,
which continued several minutes.
The CHAIRMAN having read a letter from Sir Robert
Sheffield, one of the candidates for the Northern Division
of the county, expressing his regret at not being able to
attend the dinner,
Mr. TENNYSON rose and was received with loud cheer-

ing, which lasted several minutes. Silence being restored,
the Right Hon. Gentleman spoke as follows :—Gentle-
men, it has frequently been my lot to address public assent-
blieg. I have done so under circumstances of high excite-
ment and intense anxiety ; but I know not that upon any
occasion I ever rose under the influence of feelings more
complicated or more everpowering.—(Loud cheers.) It
is now nearly thirteen years since I had the honour of a '-
dressing any public meeting within the walls of this
borough. 1 can assure you, gentlemen, that I have during
the whole of that period retained the attachment, the af-
fection, which I formerly expressed towards you : they
will rem tin with roe to the latest period of my life.—(Loud
cheers.) I had the honour of being returned to represent
the borough of Great Grimsby in two successive Par-
liaments. Introduced to it by an ancient and imme-
morial connection in consequence of the property
be: e and in the neighbourhood, which has descended
to us through many generations, there was be-
tween you and myself a sympathy of feeling,--a
community of interests. I trust I was diligent in the
discharge of my dtrty as your representative in Parliament
cheers)—but if I were so, it was no effort to
me, because I feel that our interests were identical. I
was actuated also by a higher and more elevated sentiment
—by the recollection of that ancient connection to which
I have referred,—by the associations of my early youth---
and, above all, by a lively remembrance of those various
testimonies of disinterested kindness and regard which,
(luring my political connection with you, I received front
all clac+es within this borough, even from my opponents.
--(Loud cheering.) I am deeply touched to find, afer so
long an interval, that your feelings are unchanged towards
me—and to have been received by you this day with so
much unequivocal kindness. I am also most highly flat-
tered that my name should have been recommended to you
on this occasion by a ft lend whom I so highly value and
esteem as the lion. Baronet who proposed my health to
I gratified your notice ; but still more am
you have done me the honour to net
nt by the cordial
dation,—(Lood cheers.) If there be one
inirstriroicerominmen
feelings towards the in
dependent burgesses of the borough of Grimsby more than
matter which excites toy grateful
another, it is this,—and it will remain with me to the
latest period of my existence,—that by their partiality I
more worthily have tilled—and that, although
undoubtedly was first( N seat—(No,
nroootd,hueacriesldd(i,no public life,
the
mighth
cheers)—l was by them enabled to
aid in redeeming the liberties of my country. Never

shall I forget, gentlemen, that by your generous kindness
I was first placed in the station where I could contribute
my humble efforts—feeble they were, but most earnest—
to uphold the honour, the glory, and the power,—the
prosperity and the happiness of the nation to which I be-
long.—(Loud cheers.) I trust, gentlemen, that we have
succeeded in placing all these upon an imperishable foun-
dation ;—that foundation is, and can only be, the affection
and confidence that can alone arise from the consciousness
of possessing as large a measure of civil and religious liberty
as is consistent with the equal rights of others.—(Con-
tinned cheering.) Liberty does not consist alone in good
laws,—but in the freedom from more restraint than is
absolutely necessary in a state of civil society. This is
civil liberty. But there must also be a political security
that those blessing will endure. That security we have
achieved together with the power of redressing all abuses
which time had introduced into our establishments ; we
have achieved it also without a political catastrophe.—
(Cheers.) The British nation with one voice declared it
would accomplish that end, and here we are assembled to
rejoice over it. Public opinion alone for a length of time
upheld the civil liberty of our country,—for we were in
the hands of a selfish aristocratical faction. If that
faction had dared—but they dared not—(Cheers)—to
destroy the liberty of the press, there would have been
an end of all other liberty in this land !—(Loud
cheers.) The press alone maintained that public opinion
which operated upon the fears of those who held the
power of the country in their hands, and the people by
these means—and these means alone—are now victori-
ous.—(Continued cheers.) Did I say, gentlemen, that
all our liberty would then have been lost? No !—there
was the strength of our arias,—those arms would have
been employed in the sacred right of resistance if it had
been attempted, as they ever will when any man or body
of men shall dare to invade the liberties of our country.—
(Loud cheering.) But, thank Gad, we escaped from such
a convulsion 1 thank God, we have passed the crisis, and
here again, I say, we are, in peace rejoicing over our work.
—(Cheers.) We—the people—are at length restored to
our rightful power of aiding in the enactment of laws and
the imposition of taxes.—(Continued cheers.) We—the
people—at length have recovered our due share in the go-
vernment of the country,—that government which exists
a'one for the benefit of the people, and which, if it did
not exist for their benefit, would have no other pretence
for any existence whatever.—(Cheers.) We therefore at
length by these means hold the resources of our country
at our disposal, and we shall henceforth have our due
share in directing ite energies.—(Loud cheers.) Let us
be grateful for this great and signal blessing. It was
achieved by the advance of the human mind,—by the
progress of human intellect acting Upon that manly, sound,
and rational character which peculiarly distinguishes
our nation. A vast change has taken place through-
out Europe in the moral conditio❑ of mankind :
they begin to see—for the light his broken in
upon them—the chains with which they have been
encompassed by the mercenary, the selfish, the doini-
listing ambition of individuals. Fearful revolutions are at
hand in other countries, and all things combined to menace
it in this, when it pleased God to put an end to the Tory
administration—(Laughter)—by that vote to which my
Hon. Friend Mr. Pelham has referred as his first vote, and
which did him so much credit?—(Loud cheers.) The
Duke of Wellington and those who had caused the hurri-
cane, dared not face it when it approached. Much as we
owe to that illustrious warrior—deep as is our debt of gra-
titude to him for the glory lie has shed upon our coun-
try—l do not believe that, amongst all his distinguished
achievements, there is any one occasion upon which we
ought to be so grateful to hint as when, after all his con-
quests, for the first time he ran away !—(Laughter.) Yes,
ran away ! fir he dare not face the frowns of the people
of England.—(Cheers.) He left us in the hands of an
aristocratical foe Lion which had long usurped all the pow-
ers of Government. A few individuals held the law and
the constitution within their grasp. They dictated to the
crown, and treated the people with contempt.—(Loud
cheering.) If the King desired to yield to the entreaties
of the people by dismissing a Government which was deaf
to their grievances, and hateful to them, he found his
prerogative had become inefficient, for a combination of
Boronglimongers defeated and defied the Royal

authority.—(Cheers.) The resources of the country,
instead of being employed to advance the moral and politi-
cal welfare of the nation, were lavished in pensions, sine-
cures, and otherwise, to purchase the subserviency 01 a de-
generated and corruptible Legislature. Money taken from
the pockets of the people was thus employed to enslave
them.—(Cheers.) Such is the condition from which we
have escaped. This escape—this redemption—we have
this day met to celebrate ; and the people of England never
assembled on any occasion when national joy was more
justifiable.—(Cheers.) Gentlemen, it has pained me
to find, that in effecting this measure of Reform, it has been
found necessary to deprive this ancient borough of one half
of the power it heretofore possessed in the legislature.
Grimsby happened to fall within that line which the Go•
verument thought fit to establish. If the line had bee❑
flexible, its rising commerce would have pointed to it as a
fair exception ; but notwithstanding all our efforts, it was
found impossible to save it. But let us not complain if,
upon the whole, we are deriving more benefit in return;
it with one member in Parliament, such a man as the
lion. Gentle:lo in who sits near me—(Captain Maxfield)
—if, I say, you are hereafter to derive more advantage
from that one representative than in all ages past you
derived from two, where is the ground of complaint?—

(Cheers. ) I trust, that as you have now only one mem-
ber to elect, you will take care that he be a good man—a
man who loves the people—a man who is devoted to the
people—in one word, that which the times require—a
patriot. To do tfiis, exercise your franchises freely—
listen to no man's threats, to no man's entreaties; listen
only to the dicrates of your own consciences. Thus, and
thus alone, can you discharge the trust reposed in you ;
thus alone can you fulfil your duty to the country.—
(Loud cheers.) If every elector will do this, we shall
speedily see whether or not every abuse will be removed
by the energy of a Reformed Parliament. You will prove
your independence. But with all deference to those gen-
tlemen who have expressed a contrary opinion—and I was
one of u
mind
n those ohsea
,waltiolefittugrtmhe formerly deprecated
e nedto the
the
conviction v
ote by ball
thato ballot—
my e
only protection for the honest but poor or dependent
voter is the ballot.—(lmmense cheering.) When I
see the manner in which a system of intimidation operates
1 throughout this county and elsewhere, I have come, de-
' finitely to this conclusion,—that nothing but the ballot can
efficiently protect us --(Continued cheers.) My Hon.
Friend (Alt.. Pelham) has expressed his objection to it.
He is a young man, and with his talents and enlightened
mind,—confident, as I am, that he will ever act conscien-
tiously,-1 do helieve that he at last, and at no great dis-
tance of time, will become a convert to the badot.—
(Cheers.) We are now to try the effect of the new con-
stituencies without it. If the electors discharge their
duty, we shall speedily witness a reform of those abuses
which disfigure the Church establishment—(Cheers)—a
commutation of tithes—(Cheers)—a redress of the evils
attendan t upon the processes of law, both with respect to
the expense and delay,—a mitigation of the horrors of the
criminal code,—an abolition of slavery throughout the Bri-
tish dominions—(Cheers)—and a repeal of all those taxes
which affect the health, comfort, or intellectual improve-
ment of the people, while due protection will, I trust,
at the same time be given to the interests of the agri-
cultural population—(Loud cheers.)—and all the other
great interests of the country. I have only a few words
more to address to you, gentlemen, and they shall
simply relate to the duties which all who are elec-
tors for this county, and you who are electors for
Grimsby, will shortly have to discharge. The King and
the Government have given you the means, if you choose
to employ them, of electing men for your representatives
who will establish for ever the liberties of our country,
and redeem us front the evils which still afflict us. This
division of the county is to return two men, and this
borough one. Candidates for both are before you. Of
one, my valued friend and you's, Sir W. Ingilby, it is un-
necessary for me to say much, but I cannot resist the
satisfaction which I feel in expressing my humble opinion
that he of all the men I know might be selected as one of
the most honest, unflinching, uncompromising, incor-
ruptible patriots in the House of Commons.—(Loud
cheers.) But I see here—l have seen elsewhere—that his
name alone is a triumph, and front the enthusiasm which
everywhere attends upon him, if I had no other means
of judging, I should perceive at once that he will be
again returned as your representative to Parliament. In-
deed, we should disgrace ourselves indelibly if we re-
turn any other man in his place ; but as there is no man
in the field against him except an Anti Reformer, it is
unnecessary that I should add another word to you who are
Reformers, in r eteeostpnelententod ant
aityinnoofn. niiirienl Idl.hol'r,,iietud:—
(Cheers.) With
near
ir
we (1L•. Pelham), I do think we should equally dis-
credit ourselves if it were possible to suppose that we
could pass him by on the present occasion. He has
been but a short time in the House of Commons, but the
votes which he has given there, like those of the lion.
Baronet, are of more value to the people of England than
all the votes of all his predecessors in all the Parliaments
that ever existed.—(Loud cheering.) It would then be
ungrateful on our parts if we did not give hint u ur best sup •
port. Although on the question of vote by ballot, and
, perhaps sonic other points, there may be some matters of
difference between us, yet I applaud his caution as a young
• legislator? and I am persuaded we shall hereafter agree,
1

Let us then re-elect these hto men, and ;( either of them
deceive our hopes, let us discard him hereafter. With re-
gard to the representation of this borough, I must say that
I know of no man upon the short acquaintance I have the
honour to have with him, who appears to me to offer him-
self in fairer pretensions than does the Honourable
Gentleman upon my left (Captain. Maxfield). I have
received from a private friend of his and mine, the

highest testimonies of his character as a gentleman,
a man of business, a patriot, and a man peculiarly
fitted for the representation of a commercial com-
munity. Everything I have seen of him confirms this
recommendation, and I cannot entertain a doubt that the
Hon. Gentleman is eminently fitted for your service. When
I mention the name of the individual who addressed this
recommendation to mi., it will be a better guarantee to
you than anything I could say—it was Joseph Hume.•—
(Loud cheers.) I trust, therefore, you will have no dif-
ficulty at the coming election in providing fit guardians
for your public liberties. Gentlemen, I am ashamed for
having trespassed so long upon your patience.—(Shouts of
"go on," and cheers.) No,—you have already indulged
me too largely ; other gentlemen are anxious to address
you, and I must not take further advantage of your kind-
ness; hut it rekindles those sincere feelings of affection
and regard which have never left my bosom. They sub-
sisted between our forefathers, and it is gratifying to
reflect, that while they are sleeping in peace together
within the walls of this ancient town, we their descendants
are here interchanging pledges of reciprocal good will.—
That good will, I feel satisfied, will endure between us :
may it descend to our latest posterity !—may they inherit
with it that noble and disinterested patriotism which we
would transmit to them ! Thus may they be free—vir-
tuous—wise—prosperous—and happy,—and contribute to
raise the British name to the highest elevation of national
glorv.—The Right Hon. Gentleman was loudly cheered
at the conclusion of his speech.
The CHAIRMAN next proposed the health of Lord
Yarborough, the Recorder of the borough.—(Three times
three.)
The Hon. C. A. PELHAM returned thanks on behalf of
his father.

Mr. STAruvroti SMITM proposed the health of the
Deputy Recorder.
Mr. NICHOLSON returned thanks in an eloquent speech.
Captain MAXFIELD proposed the health of Mr. Skip-
worth, of Laceby.—(Three times three.)
Mr. Sxrewoitxx returned thanks in the course of a
long address, wherein he touched upon several of the most
glaring abuses which distinguish our public institutions.—
Some of Mr. Skipworth's ob,ervations are given in our
extract of the Chronicle leading article.
Sir W.I. INGILBr next proposed the health of the
Mayor of Grimsby.
The Mavoa returned thanks amidst loud cheers.

The Hon. C. A. PELHAM then proposed the health of
Dr. L'Oste and the Reformers of Louth.—(Three times
three.)
Dr. L'OsTE returned thanks and was warmly applauded.
Mr. SKIYWORTH next proposed the health of Captain
Maxfield.—(Three timee three.)
Captain MAXFIELD returned thanks in a long and elo-
quent speech. He concluded by proposing the health of
George Babb, Esq.
_

Mr. BABB returned thanks.
Mr. Louis TENNYSON-Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen,
with your permission I shall have great pleasure in pro-
posing a toast, which 1 am sure you will drink with much
enthusiasm. We owe to the efforts of the public press
the triumph of that great measure which to-day we have
met to celebrate. The liberty of the press is identified
with the liberty of the people,—or I should rather say,
and probably I shall not be hazarding an individual
opinion, that the permanence of the liberty of the people
under any form of government is dependant on the liberty
of the press —(Loud cheers.)
Mr. ROBINSON TAYLOR returned thanks in behalf of
the Stamford News.
Mr. Alderman Lusav-31r. Chairman and gentlemen,
I beg to propose to you the health of a gentleman who is
a sincere friend and kind landlord. I give you " The
health of George Tennyson, Esq. of Bayons Manor."—
(Three times three rapturous cheers.)
_ _

After a few words from Mr. SKIPWORTII, highly com-
plimentary to Mr. Tennyson,
The Right Hon. C. TENNYSON rose amidst cheering,
and spoke as follows :—lt is well known that since I had
the honour of representing this borough in Parliament, I
have been engaged elsewhere in fighting a great aristocrat
within the precincts of this county—a Noble Marquis who
thought fit, because many of his tenants, animated by the
feeling that, being invested by the Constitution with the
elective franchise, they were bound to exercise it indepen-
dently and agreeably to their consciences, to exterminate
their families, to unhouse them, and to drive them into the
streets, or the very fields, to seek their livelihood where
they could find it.—(Shame, shame, shame.) 'When I
expressed my strong disapprobation, a charge was brought
against my father, that when I presented myself as a can-
didate to represent this borough, and several of his tenants
voted against me, he thought fit to pursue a line of con-
duct similar to that of the Marquis of Exeter towards his
tenants at Stamford, who voted Agreeably to their con-
scientious feeling.—(Cheers, and No, no.) Gentlemen,
if he had done so I should not now have heard his health
proposed in this company, much less received as it has
been. I state it in the presence of this assembly, where
any ma❑ may contradict one if I am stating that which is
incorrect—(Loud cheers)—that it never did occur, and
never will. Never did he show the slightest disfavour to
any man for any vote he had given even against his own
son—and his feeling is so strong on the subject, that I
think he is almost inclined with myself, and with many
honourable friends near me, to be a convert to the ballot,
although he may not yet have adopted a decided opinion
respecting it.—( Loud cheering.) I will not detain you
longer otherwise than simply to return my deep acknow-
ledgments for the honour you have done nay father—an
honour of which he will be as deeply sensible as I am.—
(Loud cheering.)

The Hon. C. A. Pam Lust proposed " The health of
Mr. Marshall, of Grimsby."—(Three times three.)
Sir W. Ilialefty—Gentlemen, I have a few remarks to
make, and as I know there are several gentlemen who are
desirous of communicating their sentiments to you, 1 will
not trespass long upon your time. At the instigation of
a Noble Lord's tenants, I was induced to write to the
Earl of Scarborough. I did not obtain from the Noble
Earl any reply. But although he did not answer my
communication, I presently discovered what his opinions
were ; and when he stated himself to he rather inclined to
favour the elea ion of my Hon. Colleague Sir Robert Shef-
field, he added at the sa►tse time, that his tenantry were
perfectly at liberty to vote as they pleased.—(Loud cheers.)
Upon this declaration of his tentiment', I received the pro-
mises of votes from a considerable number of that Lord's
tenantry.—(Cheers.) Gentlemen, I believe that another
Noble Lord connected largely with this division of the
county has gone a step beyond the Nobleman whom I have
already introduced to your notice. He not only takes a
part—an active part here—but I believe he has even given
his orders in writing that we shall not canvass his tenan-
try. This shows the opinions of Earl Brownlow—
(Shame, shame)—when gentlemen are told upon a canvass
that they are not to venture even to ask the freeholders for
their votes.—(Shame, shame.) To what a pitch of degra-
dation must freeholders be reduced when they are told
that they must not be canvassed for their votes ?—(Tre-
mendous cheering.) It is, indeed, something more than
monstrous that a man dare write so gross a libel upon the
liberties of the people. I shall now propose " The health
of Mr. Heneage, of Hainton, a liberal and kind landlord,
and a good constitutional Reformer.—(Three times three.)
Mr. Sicirwomit proposed " The health of the Hon. G.
Pelham."—(Three times three.)
The Hon. C. A. PELHAM returned thanks. lie said,—

Gentlemen, 1 wish to make a few observations on what
has just fallen froin the lion. Bart. in connection with
something which it has been reported lie stated at Louth
respecting the conduct of Lord Brownlow. He stated, as
I understand, that if I had asked leave to canvass his lord-
ship's tenants, I deserved the answer which I received.
Now I am free to admit that I did ask his Lordship's leave
(by addressing hint the usual circular) to canvass his ten-
ants, conceiving that his Lordship would not interfere. I
felt certain he would refuse his sanction, but rather than
his tenants should suffer, I deemed it prudent to write
to his Lordship. I have since called upon his Lordship's
tenants to know whether they were at liberty to promise
me, for I told them I dare not solicit them without his
Lordship's sanction, and frotn the information I received I
believe hardly one of his tenants will vote at all.
Sir W. INGILEY-After what has been stated I shall
take the liberty of putting one question of my Hon. Col-
league. I will ask him whether he was refused by the
Noble Lord (Brownlow) to canvass his tenantry?
Mr. PELHAM—I have no hesitation in answering the
question. Lord Brownlow 's answer to my letter was this,
as near as I can recollect, that his tenants were to give
;dumpers to Sir Robert Sheffield; therefore he could
not allow any other candidate to solicit their votes, and
that consequently lie could not sanction myponsnite'iaasl
can-
vass them.
Mr. TENNYSON—Gentlemen,
aln
troiseprou
for which I am sure you will forgive me, and with the
a by companysev
several
toe:* 11. e fo
Gentlemenr tn r,
at
ts especially i al y
enemy
leave of your respectable Chaim,
toast which of late it has become very unusualp to give in
Friend the Worthy Baronet is present, who has been held
whereto thenyC hlurefenh.
toast
—ulsa

tstahlishtnent. 'the fact is, that so far from my MO.
Friend the worthy Baronet being an enemy to the Church,
he is, on the contrary, with me most anxious, and it is
an object nearest his heart, to strengthen and support it.
He wishes to make it subservient to the spiritual wants of
the people, to provide an active and pious minister in
every parish, to effect an equitable distribution of the
goods with which the Church is endowed, instead of be-
ing accumulated and appropriated in the most lavish man-
ner for the benefit of a comparatively small number of in•
dividuals, whilst the working parish priest is too often
nearly reduced to the condition of a pauper.—(Tremen-
dous cheers.) It is the object of my Hon. Friend to re-
move this scandal, an object in which I most cordially
concur. Gentlemen, I give you " the health of the Rev.
Mr. Powell."—(Three times three loud cheers.)
The Rev. Mr. Powxm. ro‘e—Mr. Chairman and Gen-
tlemen, I thank you most cordially for this very distin•
guished testimonial of your kindness and esteem; a testi-
monial so flattering as to make me feel a sense of my own
unworthiness. I trust, however, that lam deserving of
what you have given me credit for, namely, consistency
of character and attachment to the cause of liberty in
Church as well as in State.—(Loud cheers.) I have
never wished to live upon the industry of the people.--
(Cheers.) I wish to attain an honourable distinction in
the cause which I have undertaken to advocate; at the
same time I am anxious to receive a remuneration com-
mensurate with my diligence and usefulness as a minister
of the church.—(Cheers.) Gentlemen, I indulge in the
sanguine hope that there are hundreds in this country who
are equally anxious with myself that some change sli4r.;;(l
take place in the ecclesiastical government of this country.
—(Loud cheers, and shouts of " there are thousands.")
I do not wish to rob another man to enrich myself, but I
am anxious to obtain an equal share with others of those
emoluments which are amply provided for those who are
zealous and earnest in their endeavours to promote and ex-
tend the cause of real religion.--(Loud cheers.) The
Rev. Gentleman concluded amidst loud cheers, and shouts
of " a truly good parson," " an honest reformer," " that's
the parson for U 2."
Mr. SKIPWORTII gave as a toast, " Good landlords and
grateful tenants."

The CHAIRMAN gave " The Ladies of Grimsby."-'
Three times three.
Mr. TENNYSON rose—Mr. Chairman anti gentlemen, I
beg to propose as a toast, " Prosperity to the Corporatioe
and Electors of Grimsby, and may they maintain that in'
dependence and public spirit which have ever distinguishd.
this borough."—Three times three.
Mr. LUSBY, the Senior Alderman, returned thanks.
The Mayor, accompanied by Sir W. lugilby, Mr. Ter'
nyson, Mr. Pelham, Captain Maxfield, and other gentle'
men, then retired amidst loud cheering.
Mr. Srtrworwr was then elected to the chair, aniii
under his able auspices the conviviality and harmony °ll
the evening was protracted until
" Morn stood tiptoe on the misty mountain top."

Count DIETRICIISTEIN, on of the Secre'
taries to the Austrian Embassy, has left Chandos Hous€
for Paris. The Count DIETRICHSTFIN, who was a Gover
nor or Chief Preceptor to the late Duke of ItKicitsrAnT,
is a near relative to the Attaché to the Austrian Legation'
The Duke of DEVONSHIRE has been en'

tertaining a select party at his magnificent seat, Chat,'
worth. The Marchioness WELLzsLzy, and her sister,
Miss CATON, were among the Noble Duke's guests.
The Earl of ERROL has returned to 0
residence in Richmond Palk from Brighton, where bi'
Lordship, by the command of the KING, has been survey'
ing the progress of the works at the Pavilion.

Lord STANLEY, only son of the venerabl'
Earl of DERBY, whose eightieth year has been just ale'
brated at Knowsleyv, is perhaps the oldest heir-apparent
the Peerage, his Lordship having entered his fifty-sevent'
year. Tlie!e are now four generations of the Noble bolt'
of Derby surviving—the Right Hon. Secretary for Ire
land having an infant family by his lady, a daughter 1,
Lord SKELMERSDALE. The advanced age of Lord Dead,
is understood to be one of the causes of Lord STANLK
retirement from the representation of Lancashire at tb
approaching election.
The Earl of GUILFORD is one of th
wealthiest of non-resident pluralists. His Lordship, 04,,
resides at Waldershare, in Kent, is Rector of St. Mall:
Southampton, of Old and New Alresford and Medsto'
Hants, and Master of St. Cross—altogether netting ab,P
5,0001. per annum.

We have this day to announce the death
WILLiAst Gmmoutt, Esq. Provost of Paisley. We be,
lieve this is only the second instance on record of a M4Bll
trate of Paisley having died during the exercise of
office. Mr. GILMOUR, considering his years, was an °,
tive and indefatigable man of business, and enjoyed r;
health. He was attacked about the latter end of h.
month with dysentary, which continued gaining on
till it at last proved fatal on Thursday morning the IS'i,
In politics he was liberal, having taken an active part
the cause of Reform so far hick as 1793. Glue'
Chronicle.

ter hosl)
some time since, so that the poor fellow is now leer
INlVadh eini ha,
having
undergonetheExae like operat'°
clays
is leg
;eon said to him " Well, my good fellow, it is all over,
operation
ioaat
ngedoo, n
" Bless your soul, Sir, d'ye think I didn't know the
the last leg was finished, the s"
'Tisn't the first time I've had a leg cut off."
A considerable number of the outward-boull;
vessels which have sailed lately took emigrants who 'of
returning to their homes. We believe that many g'll,
would return if they could find means. Generally ape'
Mg, there is hut one opinion among the majority of etc
grants (at least while in Quebec,) and of which we Ity
speak more particularly,—it is disappointment when t,
themselves see the country. The disappointment is gr! jet
than it would otherwise be, bec use very exaggerated'
ift
have been fostered at home. With one accord, emigre„,
of all trades, expect to find employment most abud'ff,
and wages very high. In Quebec and Montreal they °
andrun afing;,odwicileitaineemepolofyes,tia, starving
at home. This is the real state of things with rese;),.
iantgthfeyr ewaarnntleossf tehn:oPrit°lY)::',
the towns of Lower Canada. Disguise it as you
this state of things must ultimately become knocie.
Quebec poper.
occurred to~t~
residents
sTiS
dE
'PATES.--Some
r dhs
eGuocen
nttaL
srg:A
reepeßnl
alintso:it
establish
reelbioopLsuftphotiAres
ertgaligipiroNouol
nrelweuxiSngnoi
consequence
sTvflhoOeotaarrofrsteir
idbVltesa:
reitArelveloyvel VALUABLE
nown as Let
gh, Polaod'i
al clainaa°nt
o
ulrsvetehiUroivl
which
tnaoosntuncpe raving,stpinoosoepsdt y orfirget
right,
through
urhonnou,u:gitsilielchtehost hiedeoeilfrrasw,a,
jttetboec
fGcah‘hßtoveutaurlitir.At:tmlet:dineam:ibidinnnnbli)fleggee:toeietwicfncaiw who are the rightful owners, and acti
then
and he
huhenad:
7,:nedloylwo
made
d ado collectingef iN,
about to be immediately commenced against 0,
nt,
of the inhabitants, for the purpose of trying tile e"
of the respective claimants. A gentleman e°ffiGtof
with the firm of Messrs. PEAusoNr,
Inn, waited on Mr. CONANT, the resident
trace,
pose
of inquiring
inAglumi•rlbinogrouigfh-shtereecot
uPldolfiucren-oisffihceh,
im wt:Jteb
he ,
jacent streets. He said he represented certain partil
at present appeared to have the most legal clain,
that claim, and to oppose the proceedings of an
larlborough, and t-
attorney was most actively employed in his sort' 00,
clue to
property, when known " Little Gilding Gardo''oPtl.
been brought by Dr. PEARCE. Donn, who died int /
. dist'
Sir NATHAN CONANT (the father of the istaspoci,
s a
pepii,,dreannceee:
11e: t 4:
had been constituted executor to the heir-at-law °I. st ti
Donn, and as the ground-rent of the property,
time of Dr. Donn's decease, was of but little valne'epti°
most probably overlooked by his heir, for upon dilig
cplraoipmear
quiry he could not discover that any ground-rent bc3,041'
claimed or paid for the last sixty years. Mr. ms,
said, he had been informed that some stir had
in respect of claims set up by different individns;pec°,
could not, however, give any information rest'
the present ground landlord, but he won'
lij sf
over the papers of the heir of Mr. Donn, and w°1,300":;
point a day to confer with the applicant on the le t
The applicant then withdrew. It appears proh3jaki
what is now taking place, considering the inagnitueoll:,4
property and its present immense value, that the
ing claims of the various individuals will ultitnat 'of
to a protracted and extensive litigation. Portinn'tiogo
property, we understand, are claimed by the thre,eo, 411
tern of Sir C. SHIPLEY, late Governor of Barbad Ja)/,,
the interest presumed to have been vested in
ManDox, deceased. Other claimants are those fkaottel.
tablish their rights under Dr. PEARCE Don°. jOeli
is a Mrs. Woon, who claims, under the presuule, r?
of Sir Awrnuit CHADWICK. Another is said to je,54 4
tion of Mr. CoA'ras, livery-stable keeper, °l.°l.ce i9jr
and the last claimant who has nude his appea Utlig ‘1
ported to have come forward in consequence " ;"
•
very of a box of deeds in the chambers of a
o dace"
veiti
citor, which deeds confer a title to the large '
question.
