CAPTAIN ROBERT PEARCE, R.N.

We annOunced a few days ao the 'death of this
gallant and enterprising• Officer, who fell a sacrifice to
the climate at Angus, tvhilc employed in the 'Mission
to Central Africa. Captain Pearce 'first entered. the
Navy under the auspices of Captain Tower, in the
Caraeea,
,aflei which he joined the Menelaus .as
Lieutenant, and on the fall of his. brave. Commander,
Sir Peter Parker, "who expired in his arms, he was
appointed to the Favorite, Captain Robinson, where,
he distinguished himself so much in suppressing the
mutiny that took place on board that ship, as to re-
ceive the approbation of the Lords of the Admiralty ;
and after sailing some months in the Cambrian With
Captain. Hamilton, he at last received the long-looked
for reward of promotion to the rank of Commander.
Capt. Robert Pearce was in the thirty -sixth year of
his age, and his disconsolate family and friends. have
only to deplore that his g. Aunt and enterprising spirit
led him into an undertaking so perilous, and to which
his constitution was so little fitted.

He was buried at Anglia with due honours, and all
the inhabitants attended the nislancholy ceremony,

GENER AL ELECTION.

Dun it kin', MAY 24.---Though we generally used
o have great stir and bustle on the eve of a dissolu-
ion of Parliament, the present seems likely to pass
over without a movement extraordinary of any sort.
The Hon. William Powlett and John George
Lambton; Esq., will not be opposed for the
County ; and Sir Henry Hardinge and M. A.
Taylor, Esq., will apparently continue to represent the
City.-,:-Preparations are making for the reception of
Mr, Legator.* At Lambton Hall on. Friday (the day
iffer,to-morrow). It is unnecessary to add, that the
late accounts, representing.the improved health -bf this'
gentleman, have diffused universal satisfaction 'ln this •
quarter. Even those who are opposed to him in poli-
tical sentiment admit his great private worth, 'and ad-
mire the splendid manner in which he supports the
dignity of. a country gentleman at his hospitable resi-
dence intthis county.
'NEwcAsTLE-.Torr-TYKE, MAY 24.—There is a
rumour,_ certainly, though a very :absurd one, that
Lord Normanby Means to become a candidate, on the
independent interest, for this town. The fact is, there-
is a restless, dissatisfied party,,among the freemen of
the lower order here, who are desirons of an Opposi-
tion, for the unworthy purpose of causing money to be
spent." -Such an opposition, however, is reprobated,
and moseproßerly so, by a' great majority of the free
•Burgessea. The preSent .Members, Sir katthew
White Ridley, Bart. and Cuthbert Ellison, Esq., have
always laboured faithfully and diligently to -promote
the interests of the town. Nothing can be more truly
contemptible‘tharr an attempt to' drive others to a heavy
expenditure, for the mere sake of eating and carousing
et •an election. Such. conduct, in point of fact,
amounts to a conspiracy against the property of indi-
viduaLs, and, were the laws as perfect as they ought to
be.--:should be dealt with accordingly.
AL)twicx, MAY 23.,:The only new feature. in
the election news for the county is, that my Lord
Howick's committee ,at length" 'deem it necessary to
Past an eye to the transport department ; in other
words, within this day or two, coaches, horses, Bz.c
have actually been engaged, to bring hiS Lordship':
voters to the hustings. Mr. Beaumont's friends arc
indefatigable in their exertions. ' John Georgetamb:
ton, Esq. M.P. for the county. of Durham, haslaken
a house here foihis accommodation , at the approach-
ing election. Every thing
.promises a scene of un-
paralleled life and bustle by and by.
Mr. Hart Davie'retires from .Bristol on the score of
ill health. His son-in-law,' Mr. J. Scandrett Har-
ford, Lord Granville Somerset,.. Mr. Wallace, and
Mr. William Peel, arc all mentioned as the probable
candidates to succeed hiM in the Tory interest. Mr.
Bright will, of course, stand upon the Wing interest,
and is not expected to be opposed. , •
It
.has been generally reported both here - and at
Lewes during the last few days, that it is not the in-
tention of Mr. Cavendish to come forward as a candi-
date for the county of Sussex; Por the peace of the
county it would doubtless be desirable that Messrs.
Burrell and Curteis should be quietly 'returned ; but a
contested Election would cause so much money to be
circulated, that in these times it will be perhaps to tio.
regretted if such should prove' to be the,case.
In the neighbouring borough of Lewes, Sir John
Shelley. and Mr. Kemp are 'booked. as the Sitting
Members.

At Shoreham, Mr. Sugden carries every thing before

Accounts from Demerara, to the 29th of March,
inform us that the Colonists have become ,darned at a despatch
from Lord Bathuret, stating, in strong languuge. the necessity
of immediately and fully complying with the orders respecting
the treatment of the slaves (at Demerara the new regulations
were enforced on theist of January, with three exceptions), and
also at the great efforts in this country for the abolition of
slavery. They in consequence had held a public meeting, and
agreed to petition Government to refrain from further enforcing
the new regulations, and praying that they may be heard.before
the Privy Council by Comm'. A memorial has also been trans-
mitted to the British North Ameri.'an seitlemetts, begging the
Colonists tojoin in the petition in femur of a Colony with Which
they are. connected by connote...l4d relation,, and- which must, if
the measure be persisted in, be destroyed. -The petition is to be
forwarded through the Governor,

LEGAL* EXPEDITION,L.WitO can nowla-days
complain of the delays of the Law, when, yesterday, in the Court
of Bench, Guildhall, upwards of 300 cases were disposed
of, in all of which the Plaintiffs obtained verdicts!

SECOND EDITION.

BY EXPRESS.

EPSOM, TIT AFTERNOON,

Three o' Cloc,

The OAKS STAKES of 50 sovs. each, b. ft., for
three year old Fillies, Bst. •41b. The last mile and
half. Tho owner, of the Second horse to receive
100 sovs. out of the. Stakes. (50 Subs.)
Mr. Forth's f. by Interpreter,- out of Dandizette 1
Duke of Grafton's Problem • 9

A good race, won by a length.
Fourteen started, but only two placed.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

, EPSON RACES, MAY 25.
THE DEADY.
To describe the scene of this day would be impossible—let the
most unbounded latitude be given to the most vivid imagination,
and it will fall far short of.:ilie reality; on. a moderate computa-
tion, upwards of 100,00(kWere present on this occasion.
The knowledge that The General and Panic would not start,
deprived the day's ,sport of half its interest, and the. incessant
fain threw a damp upon the whole. • ."...
The betting on this great race has from the beginning to the
end been of that extraordinary nature that will not'admit of ex-
planation ; and it is well known that the safest betters, and the
best calculators on thee turf.have bad very great difficulty to make
their books square. Ile fluctuations have been unparalleled
throughout, some of the' first favourites having been not only
thrown into the back ground, but absolutely forgotten.

BETTINC.
In the town, till about one o'clock, the betting.wte very slack,
at the following odds :-
3 to 1 ugst Premier
4i to 1 agst Advance
7 to 1 agat Davis°
7to In: Alonarch
12 to I agst Shakspeare .
12 to I agst Carthago
'2O to 1 agst The 3loslem
A good deal was done just 'before starting, but only making
Premier a better favourite, at 2 to 1.
'OAKS.
7 to 4 agat Problem

N to I agxt The Justice
25 to 1 itgst Donna
30 to 1 agat Twatty (winner:
30 to 1 apt Callan
50 to 1 agst Ilo:ivar
50 to 1 ngat The Huron

I 4to I ngst Mr. Forth's two.
Very little done.
THE RACE.

, .
About a quarter before two the Joekice, being weighed; went
to the starting post, nineteen in number, but it wue not till a
quarter before three that they went on; when was decided ,
The Great Derby Stakes of 50 soya. each, h. 1. One mile asd
a half. The owner of the second horse to receive 100 soya.
out of the stakes. (58 subscribers.)
Lord Egremont's Brother to Twatty - 1
Mr. West's b. c. Shakspeare - - 03
Mr. Goddard's hr. c. by Comas - U ,
Duke of Grafton's Bolivar - - 0
Duke of Grafton% b. c. Dervise - 0
Mr. Heatlicote's br. c. by Amadis , - 0
" Lord Lowther's Monarch - - 0
• Lord Lowther's Scamper - - 0
Mr. W. Wyndham% Dorina colt - U
Mr. MaiTiott's' Clothier - .... 0
. Lord Egretnont's c. •out of Centaur's dam - 0
Marquis of Exeter's
.ch. v. by Comus 0
hr
Ilarquof Exeter's ch. c. by Capt. Candid 0
Mr. Barnard's Baron Munchausen • - 0
Mr. Rush's b. c. Carthago - .0 -
Lord Verolaufs eli. c. The Moslem - 0
Mr. Forth's b. c. Premier - - 0
Ali. Powlett's ch. a. Truth - •- ' 0
Mr. Wilion's eh. c. The Justice - 0
Twatty won the Great Derby Stakes by a length cleverly. The
favourite, Premier,"•was done up at the Duke of York's Rubbing
House, notwithstanding Chiffney was very liberal with both whip
and spur, he could not go any farther, and came in lat.
7 By this race Lord Egremont wins 17751., and Mr. West ro-
ceives 100 sovs. The jockey Doskery, as a matter of course,
will be well off. ' - •

The Durdares.Stskes of 10 soya. each. One mile.
Mr. Goddard's b. c. by Smolensk() - l,
Mr. Coleman's Linguist
' Mr. Messer's Conviction
Mr. Tiarvey's Larissa -
Mr. Bartley's Congeon -
Duke of Rishmond's b. a. by Pan •
Mr. Aforclrell's Princess Mary - -
A pretty raca—Wou cleverly.
' The Denbie's Stakes of 10 says. each.
Mr. French's Forethought . - s
. Mr. Hortou's Evilina - - ..., , 2
A good race, but won easy; young Buckle rods the winner, and
It. Boyce the other.

0
•• 0
- 0

. .
Tim (NEAT Mawr Ricx.7—The decision of this great race,
yesterday, has caused extraordinary sensation in the betting circle,.
and it is expected that no bets on the race, except thos;e that have
actually been declared p. p., will he paid. The greatest confusion
prevailed at the Coffee-Hideo Betting Iloomi in EpsOt, hifore the
Race took place; anti a Noble Marquis, it is said, has pledged
himself to devclope the whole of . what in the sporting world is
called " the robbery," at Tattersall's, on Tuesday next,, the day
of payment. It is believed that the General could have won had
not some tricks•been played with him.

In.
consequence of the death of Mr. Bean, one of
th, :.itib-Librarianships of the British Museum has become vacant.
The appointment to this situation is vested in the Lord Chan-
cellor, the Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Speaker of the
House of Commons : the tiret 'of these distinguished personages
habitually refers this branch of his functions to his two colleagues,
and of these it is well known that, it is the Archbishop who
makes the eventual decision.

CORN-EXCHANGE--.(Tlits DAY).
There are moderate supplies of all sorts of Corp this week,
and a fair arrival of flour. 'Wheat remains much in the same
state as last reported. Barley continues without variation. Dem*
and Nova fully support the toms of Monday. Oats find buyers
slowly to Alay, without any alteration in value.
English Wheat 4,300 Qrs. Irish Oats
Barley 1,000 Foreign Wheat'
.---. . ............. Burley , —......
• • Oats . 8,050
English Flour '-, 0,400 Sacks
I . .
SAIITLIPIELD ItIAIIKET.--(Turs DA 11.

3latt
-- Oats 3,1(10
Beans
Pease

4,700 Qr;

This day's supply of Beasts was the slirtest, and most indif.
ferent as to quality, for long time witnessed, there having
been less than 100 good Beasts in the market ; nor was that of
other things by any Means great. Beef, Veal; Mutton, and.
Lamb, commanded a brill( sale, the two former at an advance
of alma 4d. per stone, and the two latter at Monday's quo-
tutions ; but Pork went off' heavily at drooping prices-Coarse
and inferior Beasts producing from 38. 4d. to 3s: &1.; coarse
and inferior Sheep, 3s. 2d. to 11s. ; second quality Beasts,
4s. 2d. to 48. 611. ; second quality Sheep., 3s. 10d. to 41. ; prime
coarse-woolled Sheep, from 4s. to 4s. 4d. ; prime large Oxen,
4s. tkl. to 4s. led. ; prime Scots, Norfolk • home-heeds, &c.
4s. 10d. to 55., the butchers say , 58. 2d. ; prime South Down
wethers, 4*. 4d. to 4s. 6d. ; large ',emirs, 40.10 d. to 6s. 4th ;
prime small Lambs, fit. to Ik. 4d. ; large coarse Calves, 41. 10d.
to ss. dd. ; Calves of from 12 to 16 atom each. if white in the
flesh, and otherwise complete, ti*. Oct to fis. 2d ; large Hogs,
3s. 10d. to 4s. 2d.; and neat dairy-fed-Porkers, not exceeding
7 stone each, 4s. 10d. to 51021 pef stone atm. to sink the 01-
cals. Sucklingtalves, from 12s. to 348: ; anti quarter old state
Pigs, from •12s. to Ms. each. Mild) Cows were rather name- j
rotts, and considerably lower than. op this day seennight ; the
very best short horns, with their littl. Celli, having been worth
no more than £24 per head-Supply, as per Clerk's state.
mentr-

(leash' . 292 / Celves ... 269
Sheep and Lambs 7,090 I Pigs p p l3O

NEWOATE. AND LEAPENHALL MARKETS.
(At per stone, by the Citrotait.) -
Beef, from 3s. 2d. to 44. ,1,1.; M tton, 2*. 104 to 41.04.,
Lamb, 4s. Oil. to 4s. 4t1.; Veal, :U.N. to Ss. Od• • and Pork,
as. lid. to ss. Od.

Sn, as. fkl. to 4.10t1. •
24.
Beef,
fromll3o3.l%B,llF.Otoßre. 11101,A1.1;tKABItTAY
Lamb, 4s. 10d. to Os. ; Veal, 48. ail. to as. 10d. ; and Pont,
41. Od. to bs. thl. per *tune. Suckling Calves, from 14s. to 331. t
and quarter old store Pigs, from 12s. to lbs. each. A mode.
rate supply, and a dull trade.

THE LONDON

DAILY, EXTRACTS FROM THE moßNtherAP,Efti,
MAI 26, 1826. k 4,

['PIE TimEs.J
We insertreadily a letter signed "E. C. I'4" con-
taining some animadversions on a part of the leading
article 'in which we
.spoke of the declaration of the
Popish. Bishops of this country', on the subject bf their
alerett.efe; stlrs'iects'inhilleintterit
we believe, Also; the
blunr coc:?rrsees7pionngtienutP°tltitb:vse
as
of the Church of England as himself, be he wino 'he
affsiistuhr.e
may,'---that is, we believe it to be the best ecclesiasti-
calßritish Constitution to be the best political 6tablish.
establishment existing.;
-ment ; 'but our preference will in neither
eli,,,prevatit
us from noticing what we conceive to be blemishes in
those institutions, alike human. Having. Said •Thus
much, we shall now advert.to the Cr-eed'iVhieli. is the
stibject of dispute. Our correspondent is aware' that
' there iS no sufficient evidence to -prove that Creed the
composition of the violent, the persecuted, and per-
secuting man, whose name is even doubtingly
affixed to it in our rubric. It is, therefore, ..best
distinguished by its leading doctrine---that .of. the
eternal condeMnation of those who are unable td be-
lieve its doctrines—the " Perish-everlastingly Creed."
Our correspondent says, that the•Athanasian'Creed
cannot mean what it says ; that " if- we interpreted
the clause literally, it would be contrary to our ,belief
as Christians:" vet a creed that cannot be interpreted
literally, is something like a judicial oath conceived in
metaphor. A Creed which, being understoodi4,/he
only sense that the words of which it is cornposed
convey, would be contrary to our belief as Christians,
should make no part of a Christian ritual. We fully
agree with our correspondent in time propriety, of
placing creeds in formularies of publie worship ; but
have we not the creedcalled that' of the Apostles, and
the Nicene Creed in our church service—both admi-
rable summaries of faith, and both of higher anti-
quity than the creed imputed to. Athanasius ? What
would he more ? Our correspondent is Most
scandalized, because we said,- somewhat hastily
perhaps, that only " stupid Priests" read the " Pe-
nah-everlastingly' Creed. 'We still, however, ad-
here to the opinion, more guardedly expressed—
that the learned, pious, and discreet lien of the
clergy, somehow or other, generally forget to read
this Creed. Perhaps the merciful Being Also,
whose vengeance it pledges, will in like manner' for:
get (if we may without irreverence use the word) to
plunge in ever-during misery those who do not believe
its donnas. We are, however, willing to make one
exception, at least, to the preceding rule. U biir
correspondent, as perhaps may be'the case, be one of
those clergymen who have been in • the habit of read-
ing this Creed' on the appointed days, we will not, we
cannot, from thence conclude--with this his leiter be-
fore us—against his learning, piety, or moderation,
or even his possession of all those qualities united.—
Nor can we regret that an ecclesiastical establishment,
which we most sincerely revere for its general princi-
ples, should possess so estimable an apologist far that
occasional portion of its service which we think it were
better that it should not retain.

TO THE EDITOR OP- THE TIMES.
Sir,—ln speaking of the Roman Catholic religion, you lament
" that our church, in her. i perish-everlastingly creed,' " as you call
it, " retains the principle of exclusive salvation, if possible, with
more rancour than the' Catholics." There is something exceed-
ingly severe,—l had almost said coarse,—in that language which
pronounces all clerical readers of this creed to be (4 itopid
priests." Recollect, that all, or most of the clergy have signed
the declaration of conformity, and if they omit reading this creed,
they are liable to ecclesiastical censure. The creed of 'St.
Athanasitis has been received from the sixth century to the pro"
sent day, by the whole western church, and by a great pert tithe
eastern church. Ido not mention this historical fact fir an ergu-,
ment for retaining the creed in- our church servieet -but
when you nay, with a degree of asperity, that oar church
retains it, 'you should likewise say that it is retained by
nearly," the whole Christian church throughout the World,
.When we say in the danmetory clause, that " this is. The Ca-
tholic faith, which, except every one do- keep whole and undo-.
filed, he shall perish everlastingly," we do not—we cannot Mean
that the best of Men are doomed to eternal destruction; v, hich. we
should say, if we interpreted the clause literally. This would ha
contrary to our belief as Christiane, and we shoulditnpugn at*
great leading and fundamental doctrine of Christianity, ftninded.in
the mercy of God,--viz. the forgiveness °feint'. But we do soy,
that when such a man shall wilfully reject, or purposely degrade.
any leading doctrine of the Christian dispensation, then hi-it
liable to the penalty awarded by the chum Human nature is
such, that if each man were left to hitnelf to form articles Of be-
lief, by far the greater portion of mankind would have no belief
at all, hut • acquiesce in a state of stupid intlifferenee. With a
view, therefore, both-of regulating and confirming the faith of
many, and reconciling the divivione of the few, artlules of
belief were first -introduced into the Christian, church in
order- to present a clear and scriptural rule, of faith fur
succeeding ages. It is, however, generally acknowledged,
that the language in the daninatory clang. , might he ci-.
tered with propriety; because in order to explain it, err me
obliged to bare recourse to those patents of Scripture declarative
of mercy on the part orthe Almighty. It you were to find fault
with the creed in *ivory paper you publish, I should not have
cause to be angry, provided you did it with good Wing, and a
regard to the welfare of the established church. It ii one of the
worst of heresies to endeavour to exclude the prerogative`of
infi-
nite mercy, which the objectionable clause Appears to 110 'and 'it
is therefor* the duty of all to guard against the introduction of ab-
solutism in human formidaries of religion : for sui St. Alm, in
his first Epistle, says, "If we receive the witness of moat* Om
witness of Owl is greater." Neither is it a mark of learning and
erudition to omit reading the creed. I allow that it it not de-
sirable to read it in church so often as is appointed ; but I grioie
to read in a inertial like The .Timer, that the unlearned priest
May be distinguished front the' learned by the reading or oe the Athenesian Creed.*l alts, Sfrp in a groat l'acu'"'*,
your political, but not ecclesiastical, admirer, E. C. „,
• This Creed is the'veititetutlot awn..

MOANING CHRONICLIZ.3
The Courser states positively, that the Porte has
acceded to the Russian' demands. The anticipated
war, then, between Russia and' the Porte, will not
take place.--. The Journal des Debats states that the
Emperor' Nicholas, after his. double Coronation at
Moscow and Warsaw, is to visit his father-in.law, the
King.of Prussia, at Berlin, and to proceed thence to
the Rhine, where he will be joined by several mem-
bers of his family, and other German Sovereigms. The
Archduke Charles is expected at, Biberick, where his
Archduchees now is, and he is said, by the Journal
in question, to, be opposed to Prince Metternich.
Count Capodistria is also to- be at this meeting of
Princes.--" It is not to be - a Congress," says the
Journalist; "it is to be a meeting of Print* the
most disposed to listen to the voice (Amenity; and
a great soul will preside, though absent, over this i
h
lay Council, we mean the Empress Mother."
have no doubt of the humanity of all these, perstr:
ages ; but humanity, wo• fear, will do little foritvtio:
poor Cheeks. At the call of LegitinuteXthe'
Instantly, in arms; but Legitimacy TO 1,‘.1
stirair.

:,1 4:

MORNII44; nirtALPtj
The power of SeLting u lim•red, pogon, and ittrirw-
ing: him into prison for debt, bi a remnant of cru4
and vindietivelegisiati" which is 'without excuse 14
Christian and irraistii country. That 1004,444,11

:minty indeed, be unwise and imperfect, which, in any
ways;confounds poverty with crime, and breaks down
the distinction, which should always be preservedibe-
. tween misfortune, to which 011 Men arelable, and acts
of Volantary guilt. As long as the ignoininious pro-
cess of arrest is applicable to debtors, it will make lees
impression khan it ou:rht in criminal cares, and laws
that are more<tenacio,l4 of the, power of doing a thing,
than the reason for doing it, most be deficient in moral
utlwrity. Instead of le law of arrest in civil cases
being conformable to reason, is it not obviously ab-
surd, that a min who is, unable to pay adelt at-a
given time, should be dragged from his home and
his oictipation and shut up within the four walls of
a prison, where he is incapacitated, not only from
making a greater income than he had before, but
even from earning Ms own , subsistence ? Of
what earthly use can it be to the creditor to confine
th limbs and paralyze the faculties of his debtor ?
If the lutter be an honest man, who struggles against
uituvoidable circumstances, he has a chance of being
-Ale to satisfy his creditor, and his conscience, as long
as, he is kit to the exertions .of his own industry ;

and if he be not honest, the associations of a gaol
will licit improve his morals. But then it may be
:said,'" Many people fraudulently get into debt, and
1.0-e in,extravagance, 'because they have resolved never
tö pay the tradespeople and others whom they induce
to supply them with goods and luxuries, while they
laugh at their folly. This is all very true, and a
,guest evil. But does the
.power of arrest mend the
=atter ? By no means.oll the contrary, we believe
Viat: fraudulent debts are beyond all measure more
'eaaily—coutracted while the law of arrest exists, than
they amid be if it were abolished. Let us see how
Atie law produces, or, at least, greatly aggravates this
evil. When persons ask for. credit, the tradesman is
seitipted by; the large profit which he calculates on out
•of'lligli prices at which such persons are obliged
tip -tilte. his articles. He thinks that such per-
semi must be dependent on him, and • not dis-
Plite;, his charges. He resolves that they shall
iiay dearly for the present convenience---and he
knows that, when he pleases, he can threaten the
party with a prison, if there should be a dis-
agre'eable delay about the payirient. By this system
.of credit, boih parties. generally sufl'er in the end.
P'eckile .of small incomes, who had originally no dis-
- honest viewe, are induced to live beyond their real
mesuss.,-the facilities of procuring food, clothing, and
luttiries, without the necessity. of putting their hands
in-their pockets, and counting the costs, makes them
4114'eless,•and they go on blindly • from one expence to
unother,.tuitil credit runs dry, and they are involved
in embarrabsnient and ruin. So it often happens, that
the.tradestrianwhether he be butcher, baker,
shotstiaker; draper',. upholsterer, milliner, or mercer—
sin'ste';id of receiving large profits, gets nothing at all,
Or 'so, suiall a dividend, that lie, at last, finds it Would
have been better to have kept his goods in his shop,
until hesesSuld dispose of them at moderate prices to
• those 'who `could -pay ready money. Thus both par..-
ties liceoine'the victims of the same vicious system of
• • credit. ; one goes into the Gazette, and the door of a pri-.
ion doses upon the other. But once let the law ofarrest
hr taco :away', and this dangerous practice of giving in-
,discriminate credit will .be greatlydiminished, ifnot cut
upbytherofits. Caution 'on thepail_ of tradespeople will
induce carefulness on'the part of the etikomer. The for-
mer will sell Na goodsat 'reasonable prices for ready
int?ney, or What in ehuivalent,toit, , and the other will
• ;live 14 *income.. liefolination of habiti will
• 'lit; the 'conseingirCe, aria tiorll4l:Onest vices which are.
Oo* prevalcot in this coiniiTy:vlll decline with the
7,tenitivitioti that ''procluced then,. Vet, if any one still
4,1:;.;.1.1,.4 the law. of arrest beneficial, how will he account
. the partiality with which it, is applied ? Why tlo
and Members of the House of Commons,.being
the.frariters of the laws, exempt themselves ?. This
sliyr that `they believe., it a bail thing, for we never
luisw the.MemberatofeitheisHouse to eiempt
selves from a participation in any thing which they
tip o ht Was'goods opinion, that if
• . the Loid's and,the Members of \t.k.e House of Corn-
, rupliS had :n6 alternative but,to, abolish the law of
-arresf,,Ar: extend it to their own persons, they would
• notqw.l4ltatit to abolish it. So that' it is, in fact, a
• tytanoy orthe law over all but thOse who make the
law, . lienee great, oppression is worked—for many
,dialiorteSt',:individuals contrive to obtain privilege ,of
Parliaments that.tbey may elude the just tlemands of
• iheir creditors. Can .we. say 'more why this law of
ireirest should not be extended to all 'persona or utterly
• *Wished ? - •

;The nielanchOlyaccident which we recorded yester-
-4.141 (the second within, a short interval of this same
kind), wilt, we' trust, act as a Warning against over-
loading the'walls of hUildings with iron roofs. ,No-
thins seems to make 'so'littleirogress among us is the
of architecture. In fact, 'it seems to have

nististna julfillee-st all except in its charges, and on
thivaaore of -practical improvement has rather retro.
rdlitt tbah igivineeil.. I hat iron, being inconibusti-
and more durable than wood, may, in many re-
fifitit,v, be advantageously substituted for it, cannot be
41-tul;• ,but to imagine that walls of time common
,dimensions, calculated to carry common roofs, can
suStairl'iron ones of "tee times the weight, is, not very
'Creditable to the judgment of architects, be they who
,:ateyinuty, who can permit it to be done; and we
cattitnt .help thinking that the fatal accident which
occurred 'riot long since. at the manufactory of an-
other' eminent enginCer, fiam a simiar cause,'
should have served as a caution to prevent the loss of
se much litc, and the occasion of so much misery.
'llepa is a Building Act, we believe, applicsble to
whore metropolis and its suburbs—has it in it no
'Iwo) 'lons to: meet Such; disasiers :as these ? ,Surely
should be made for the mutilated sur-
,vivutwfand=the relatives of those who are killed on such
these. • Arid, though we dare say that
Orct,4oeither has been, nor will be, any want of blame-
Juiyiren'the part of those who are :concerned with the
,Uktilding in questinn, vie should like to see some actual
established for providing an indemnity for
tanse,Arito stiffer'from bircuutuances over which they
jotwr).tto contionl. In the mean time, if durability
litv.a.test .of skill in architecture; as:otir' ancestors
`;aridthe' builders of their..dayS seem to have cnnsidered
vie:way at .once as well give up the term, and in
ibtii giaad' convince the world -that the wisdom of
Modemluilders Consists itm deforming all they touch,
arid ltd arecting.nothingtut what may speedily tumble
down.' latter remark,- though it wises out ofthe
catastrophe ini4uestion. does; not apply So much to
this ,partlenlarlintilding (of 'whteh we"never heard
Loee), As to tlit' cmiler9us.publie edifices, some of
high, like the balk, fallen down in. a
,icyr tern; and others, which from their deformity and
. .tude might as welt tumble down as remain, as
they are, menutnents'offollY ilinifbad taste of the age.
uritt,foornitt oti Itiot*i'4'litill4lllo•4rkilef from
*id vitiate ;their inatabiilty • fiete
."4.t'lOnrsrn ht.,l4t. _ 4. ,
brq: 11:

the avarice of both employers and workmen, who
adopt a system of estimate by " measure and value,"
as it is called, in which profit and plunder are synony-
mous, aided by the nefarious tricks of unprincipled.
surveyors, who contrive not unfr2quently to be paid by
both parties, and to sanction the roguery of the one
and the plunder of the other.—lbid.
