THE ARMY.

DREA DFUL CATASTROPII E.—On Thursday week,
while twelve men and five boys were at work in a coal-pit, at
Bryncoed Colliery, near Mold, belonging to PETCtt Wu
LEY, Esq., one side of the pit was forced in by an immas
body of water, proceeding from an old adjacent pit, which
had been done working. So sudden and unexpected was the
entrance of the water, and such its quantity, that before
they could make known their perilous condition to the pier-
sons at the mouth of the pit, the water had risen to a height
Which rendered them incapable of keeping their feet, and
they were *almost instantly floating on the liquid element.—
Six men, out of the seventeen individuals, however, Sw...
ttetled in catching hold of the rope attached .to, the machine
at the pit's mouth, and were safely drawn up, while the re
maining eleven--six men and live boys, distressing to relate,
were left to their unhappy fate, and all perished in a watery
grave! lit:fore any rescue, or the slightest relief could be, itt%.
tbrded to them, the siNnee of death had succeeded to their
piteous and heart-rending Shrieks for assistance. Three horses-
were also drowned on the melancholy occasion. To
of d the red-
tai of this painful history we have to append a tale eeply
interesting affliction with which it is connected ; and when the
facts are laid before the public, we cannot doubt but the Zoud
call of distress will be met on the part of benevolent wealth
with effective succour. The six individuals who perished ..vt.i‘t,
all married men, and have left afflicted widows, and not
than forty-eight helpless children Liverpool t'ouritr.)

RESURRECTION' MEN.---011 the afternoon el Monday, a mother was followed to the grave, at South Weal,T,
in this county, by eight sorrowing children; and in urns,
with the general dread of these monsters, the eldest son, cc.
companied by another lad, sat up to guard the Sacred re..
maim of his parent. !laving retired at about two o'clock,
to the Church-porch to take some refreshment, they .wen-
presently alarmed by falling earth sounding upon an anin
coffin, and on proceeding softly to the place, they foutul .
body, laying upon the grais, and two men employed in fiti_
up he grave. The lads had got within three or tour . yares
of them, without being perceived, and levelling their win,
they both struck down at once, but neither of which w off. The monsters, thus alarm el, made a precipitate retrc.m,
leaving behind them a spade, 2 screws, a quantity of ropes, great coats, and one shoe ; and succeeded in making their e...ci:pq.
The body disturbed proved to he that of a young girl wh.,
had been buried about a fortnight, and it is supposed they mistook the grave, as a precaution hail been taken to corer
thatof the woman with graits-sod. After having apprised Arcii.. deacon Wollaston of the circunistance,the body was again pia in the ground about two hours after it had been disturi'ita.
Since writing the above, we learn that a second visit *as wade
by three men, with a horse and cart, who came between
and twelve on Tuesday night, and waited near the Chur.,-
yard until three o'clock; but perceiving ring that it was still wßteltrti,
they at length went off without making any attempt.—.(o4.*:,.. ford Chronicle.)

The following are some further particulars of
the accident, mentioned last Friday, by the upsetting of a
boat, between Folkestone and Dover It appears the party pit
to sea for the purpose of catching mackarel, when they rtcrzeiv: d
a gust of wind coming from the westward ; before they could
hand their sails the boat wue upset, and the whole crew via ,
plunged into the water when four sunk to rise no more: but cm ,
by thiall-propitious hand of Providence, supported himself upw,
two oars, until a vessel passing by hearing his cries (after retial:.
it.% in the tvaterupwards of an .tottr)picked hint up, andconveyed
hint to Dover, from whence he wits conveyed to Folkestone in a.
post chaise to relate the melancholy circumstance to the v.ivt,.
and families of those who have perished. The names of tho,,,
drowned are Wm. Pay, Patrick Simpson, Oeo. Tomsett, r..,t
Edward Richards, who have left wives and children to Lunen :
their loss; and the one saved, 31'. Thomas Cullen, who is fast.
recovering.--( Kentish Gazdte.)
The apple trees in Herefordshire present the
flattering promise of a full blossoin, and . 4ift
abundant produce is confidently-anticipated l'y
the most competent judges ; in some sitqatio,)4
the trees are already in full bloom, and they pre
VS,. ...... I. .. . ___
generally healthy and free front inserts. 'Pt

pear trees are very deficient in blos,ein.--
Wo*are sorry to hear complaints of the bad.
appearance of the wheat in this county; in
some places the ravages of the wire-Ivor'',
have been most destructive, and one farmer.
In the nei,zllbourliond of this city has ploughed,
up One if Hot two fields of wheat, to N,ow bar-

ley, in consequence of the devastation of his
crap by these rvorms—it is the present opinion
of experienced agriculturalists, that in :Hi
county there will not be two thirds of a
of wheat. The barley looks well at preent,
but the grass is backward, and many farmers
are inconveni;need for .ant of food for their
stock.---(llereyord Jowrnal.)

The Ist division of the 72nd Regiment of Foot, consisting of
five companies and head-quarters, which embarked at %%Pool-
wich on board the Cato and Zephyrtransports, on the 28th ult.
disembarked at Jersey, on the 4th inst.
The Ist division of the 12th Regiment of Infantry embarked
on the Bth instant, on board the Cato and Zephyr transports, at
Jersey, for Sheerness, where it is shortly expected to arrive.

QUEEM-SQUARE.—COACII RACING.--VegterdayßClAßD
111.. tn TIN, 4sq. M.P. for Galway, attended at this Office, to
',Teter a charge for furious driiing, and likewise for cruelty to
Ins horses, against William Welb, driver of a Blackheath stage
coach. For the first offence he was liable to a penalty of 101,
and for the second offence a penalty of 51., as directed by the
different statutes. The Magistraie told the defendant he de-
served to be visited with a very heavy fine, but at the*requea
of Mr. Martin lie would mitigate the penalty to 11. and c.os!s,
hoping that he was sensible of the lenity shown to him. Thy
defendant said some of his family were ill, and he was tinalle
to pay the fine. Mr. Martin again interceded fur him. :Ind
begged it to be reduced to 10s. and cos's, to which the :11:1.24.-
trate very reluctantly agreed.—After Mr. Martin left the Of.
Tice, Gilmore, the chief officer, stated to the Alagistrate, dot
when he (Mr. Martih) wits going into the Ilouse of cowinclis
on Thursday night, a countryman, in a tattered state, Irked hint
for relief; when he instantly took off his own hat, and put it
upon the countryman, and walked bare-headed into the house.
...._—

THE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY .•
Extracts from ,the Morning
,Papers, May 17.

[MORNING CHRONICLE.]
A discussion on,the Irish Tithes Commutation.
Bill took place last night, on the motion for going
into a Committee. t•uch is the change in opinion
which a short but eventful period his produced,
that the only opponent of the principle of the
Bill was Mr. Wetherell. This Honourable
Member, in a speech of which it is difficult to
say whether learning or facetiousness formed the
principal characteristic, dwelt a good deal on the
.usual topics of the sacredness of property, and
the necessity of proteCting it, contending that
the effects of the „Hill would be to cut up by the
roots the principles on which all property,
whether civil or • clerical, was founded. The
Hop. and Learned Gentleman observed, that the
peculiar merit of the Tithe was, that 44 it mixed
up the Clergymah harmoniously with the rest of
the Constitution, and brought him constantly in
contact with his parishioners.", The Honourable
and Learned Gentleman might have added, that
in many places the Clergyman would never come
in contact with his parishioners at all, but for
this last hold which the Church has' no the Laity.
If this tie be cut asunder, the beheficed Clergy of
Ireland Will resemble the Bishops, in pailibus of
the Roman Church, and know as much of the
state of their parishes, as the pious Abbe Fray-
. ainoui; for instance, knows of the state of his
diocese of Herntopolis. At present the Honour-
able and Reverend Fashionables, to whom the
souls of the Irish are by law committed, know
that potatoes pay tithe in Munster, while they
are exempted in the North and West, and pos-
sess some other local knowledge of a curious and
intererting description ; hot should they become
State pensioners instead of :burdens on their re-
spective parishes„involved in the seductive amuse-
ments of Bath and Cheltenham, they might. soon
forget even to inquire where their parishes were
situated. These points, however, did not escape
the penetration of Mr. Wetherell, who knew that
as long as tithe existed it would bring-the cler-
gyman frequently in contact with his parish-
ioners. lie must necessarily be in possession of
much statistical information respecting them, at
all events, whether he reside or not ; because,
for instance, wheh a high rate -of mortality in
the class of Tithe Proctors raises the rate of
tithe-inSurance, the deduction from the gross
amount will naturally stimulate to inquiry. The
contact between the Rector or his Tithe Proctor
and the Otrishioners leads often to another kind of
contact, which could not of course escape the acute-
ness of Mr. Wetherell,—we allude to the con-
tact between the Tithe Payers or Tithe Receivers,
and that important class of the community to 'I
which the Honourable and Learned Gentleman
himself beloilgs—tt class which, like the Deities
of the Savage, is principally worshipped from its
supposed power to injure. The interests of all
the Hierarchies are intimately connected, as the
Honourable and Learned “entlematt knows. It
would have been rather unfortunate if Mr.We-
there!' had not opposed the Bill, and more parti-
cularly had be not observed in his usual impres-
sive manner, " that it forced the parties, miens
volens, to a commutation, bringing them to the
measure in vinculis, and subjecting them to the
hnitum fillmen of the Government ;" for if he
had not made this observation, Mr. Peel, a
friend of the Bill, would have been placed
in the ungracious situation of being obliged
himself to start the objection, instead of ap-
peering in the character of a liberal and candid
opponent, who gives way to the overpowering
force of the arguMents of his adversary. Mr.
Peel's conversion was rapid no doubt, but it
could have no connection with his desire to
stand well with the University of Oxford, or his
suspicion that they might think with Mr.
Wetherell, that this 13111 would, " one time or
other, become a precedent for similar measures
against the Church of England." -No, he knew
that neither the Church of England nor the
Tithe-payers of England are paying the least
attention to the provisions of 'this Bill ; and in
truth it was not till he heard the forcible argu-
ment of-Mr. Wetherell, Hurt it occurred to him
there could be any objection to the compulsory
payment. The bill will yet benefit much lyy
Mr. Peel's friendship, or we are much mistaken.

[THE macs.]
The issue of the debate on Negro Slavery in
the House of Commons on Thursday evening was,
all circumstances considered, a substantial triumph
to the cause of reason and humanity. If Mr.
Buxton's proposition was withdrawn, Mr. Can-
ning's was unanimously adopted. Mr. Canning
pledges the Parliament and comitry to three dis-
tinct positions—ist, That the condition of the
slave ought to be itmeliorated ; 2d, That he
aught to be prepared for civil freedom ; 3d, That
this great policy should-be fully realizes.) at the
earliest period that may, be consistent with the
welfare of the slave himself, with that of the
colonies, and with a due regard to property.
As to the certainty of etfectiag the ,objects
'thus recognized, we are not altogether so
certain. It appears that the system of re-
form is to be managed between the King's
Mitiisters and the Colonial assemblies. This is too
likely to fail. The West Indian Legislatures
have always proved refractory : and as no minis-
terial patronage is affected by the good or bad
relations existing between master and slave, 'a
Secretary of State has seldom fought the battles of
the unfortunate negro with such zeal or energy, as
to overcome the distaste of a House of Assembly
towards legislative measures for his protection.
No Minister has yet prevailed upon the Colonists
to receive the oath of a negro against a white
man. The consequence is, that in 99 cases out
of every 100, a negro sufferer has no redress; for
there are none but negroes to witness an act or bar-
barity. No Minister ties possessed ortexerted
sufficient influence to get females exempted from
the horror of the lash—to give due time for the
culture of their provision-ground to negroes—to
secure their little property by law, with many
other points :not here enumerated ;—what proof

have we, tfieti, or *fiat ground of reliance, that
the King's Ministers will in future be more vigo-
rous and successful than they have hitherto shewn
themselves, in engaging the Colonial Governments
to a humane line of policy towards their slaves ?
The Parliament must act in its own per-
son, or we may pronounce that Ministers will
accomplish little or nothing. But that the co-
lonists should themselves be insensible to the
increased profit, even as a speculation, of im-
proving the condition—nay, of enlarging the free-
dom of their labourers—nay, farther/ of at the
earliest practicable season abolishing slavery al-
together, is, to us, not easily conceived. A slave,
before he can become profitable to his master,
costs on the average boot. If negroes were free,
a free labourer, executing treble the work, could
be got in full perfection for his daily wages.—
With that single observation we conclude.

'[NEW TIMES.]
There has been much idle speculation about
Mina's movements, and some of our Colempo-
raries will have it that he is about to invade
France forthwith ! To execute this notable plan
with the greater celerity, he has disembarrassed
himself of the main body of his army, whom be
has judiciously dispatched to Hostalrich near
the sea coast, while he himself, with a chosen
few, is scrambling through the mountainous de-
files of the Cerdagne. to favour of this ingeni-
ous supposition, it is alleged that " Mina is con-
fessedly a skilful General."—For our part we
never heard of him as a General at all in the
proper sense of the word. lie is the son of a
day-labourer, and late in life put himself at the
bead of a Guerilla party, which increased in
numbers owing to'his boldness, activity, and en-
terprise as a Partizan leader. In this kind of
warfare he shone, and in this alone ; and we very
much doubt whether' he is at all capable of
directing a campaign ; certainly he has never yet
shewn any such ability. The real nature of
his late movements is very We
have before stated how be had called in the
garrisons of several strong places, and posted
himself with his whole force on the Fluvia,
at Tordella and Besalu, about twenty-six miles
South of the Perthuis-pass, by which Marshal
Moncey's Army entered Spain, the only one on
the Eastern Pyrenees that is practicable for can,
non. We have stated how he broke up from his
positions on the Fluvia, and marched off his
troops by different roads, meaning to concentrate
them again behind the Ter, near Vich, about 25
miles South West of his former station. This
was on the Ist of May. Mina himself marched
about' ten miles Westward to Olot, while
Milans - and Llobero marched twelve miles
Southward to Amer. Bat the Allied Troops
were close at their heels in both direc-
tions. Donnadieu, who was coming down
by the right bank of the Ter from Cam-
predon, cut off Mina from Vich, and entered into
that town himself on the 6th instant. Curial and
D'Eroles ascended the nuvia, toward Olot, in

pursuit of Mina, and thus cut him off from de
scending the Ter on its left hank. Necessity
therefore, and not choice,- led him to ascend the
Ter by Besorn, and thus approach the frontier
by Campredon. But in what situation was 110 left
on the 7th inst.? Between Besora and .Campre-
don; that is to say, in the mountainous country
neapthe head of the Ter, with nothing before him
but almost impracticable defiles, and with the
Allies cutting him off entirely from all possi-
bility of rejoining the troops from whom he had
separated on the Ist. Romagosa was at Ripoll,
on the Ter, fifteen miles South of Campredon,
Curial at Olot, twelve miles East Ripoll,
D'Eroles at Besora, five miles South of Ripoll,
and Donnadieu at Vich, 15 miles South of the
same place.—Meanwhile Milans and Llobera,
finding that Marshal Moncey had entered Ge-
rona on the lower part of the Ter, and that.
General Donnadieu was descending on Vich
from the upper part, had no resource but to
retreat to the southward, on the town of
llostalrich, and are thus separated by an
interval of 45 miles from Mina, the intervening
country being wholly occupied by the Allies.—
We do not say that Mina may not extricate him-
self from the difficult and dangerous position into
which he has been driven ; but that he has been
driven into it by force, or by an utter want of mi-
litary skill on his own part, is most evident. As
a Guenilla Leader he may know how to dis-
perse his men in the mountains, and to reas-
semble them again at a distant point ; or he
may, by hard fighting, break through the toils in
which he is nearly enveloped. These are efforts
to which, as a Guerilla leader, he is perhaps com-
petent; but it must be remembered that he is op-
posed by Guerilla leaders as experienced as him-
self. D'Eroles and Romagosa are both habit-
uated to that kind of warfare ; they are natives of
Catalonia, well acquainted with her mountains,
and above all they and their followers are
exasperated to the utmost against Mina for those
atrocious butcheries which will stamp his name
with infamy to the latest posterity. From tine mo-
ment that this monster issued his blood-thirsty
Proclamation at Castel follit, from the moment that
he executed his diabolical threat by gloating his
prisoners in cold blood, from that moment. we felt
confident that Divine justice would soon over-
take his crimes. The, moment is perhaps ap-
proaching, when he wilfpay the forfeit with his
life; but should he even escape now, the thoughts
of his inhuman murders
will be lead within his bosom,
And weigh him down to ruin, shame, and death.
