EVENING EDITioN.

iointed to preach the Gospel to tha poor, and sent to heal tl'c
broken-hearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recover,'
of sight to the blind—to set at liberty them that are bruised.
I rejoice to know that there are bishops and clergymen in the
Episcopal Church to whom my remarks have no application, and
also that this Church, as a whole, has been less active in defending
slavery than several others. Those others, I trust, will not be for-
gotten by the Committee. Let their conduct on this subject be
made known to the London Conference, and through it to the
world. I anticipate very salutary results from bringing upon the
pro slavery Church of this country the reproaches of Christendom.
1
Regarding, as I do, the Christian ministry as one of the best and
greatest gifts of God to a fallen world, most thankful shalt I be to
foreign Christians for their efforts to awaken our clergy' to the
great truth, that it is their holy office to promote love, and peace,
and righteousness
among men; and that they most grievously mis-
take their mission when, in the name of their Divine Master, they
pronounce his benediction on the bondage, ignorance, and degrada.
tiou of any portion of the human famiiv.
I am, my dear Sir,
Yours very truly,
WILLIAM JAY.
To James G. Birney, Esq., Corrc.s.spouding Secretary of the
American Anti-Slavery Society.
The Rrv. Grxrr.rlta NT said he was horrified to find that a
pretence had been made of Scripture sanction for slavery, when
the Apostle expressly included '" man-slayers " and " man-
stealers ' alike in his catalogue of crimes.—(Hear, hear.) Let
the authorities of the Episcopal Church' discountenance those of
her ministers whe dared to countenance such a system.—
( Cheers,) Let the doors o f the Arch-Episcopal Palace of Can-
terbury be closed to the :Lvery-sanctioning dignitaries of the
Church that might come. from America.—(Hear, hear, hear.)
He for one would not hold out the right hand of fellowship to
the owner of a slave—( Laud cheering)—and if his Bishop were
to do so, he would say, " No, my Lord."—( Tremendous
eheerine.)
J. G. BIRNEY, Esq. begged to state that the Judge Jay, the
author of the letter, was the son of a most illustrious individual
of the name, and the friend of Washington, and both father and
son had been eminent abolitionists.—(Cheers.)
The Rev. Mr. COLTER, in supporting the adoption of the
report, said, to extend any species of protection to slave own-
ership was to go as far as a slave owner desired ; for the vice of
slavery was inherent in itself; it was impossible to introduce
any essential mollifications into slavery ; the poisonous principle
of the absolute, positive proprietetship and mastery of the
owner could not be relinquished, or the slave cease to be such ;
even the education of slaves was impossible, for the enlighten-
ment was incompatible with slavery ; with such a system,
therefore, there could be no compromise ; there must be an
unconditional denouncement of its supporters; their entire se-
paration from Church fellowship:—it must be amended, it must
be abolished,—( cheers. )
.._ ....

Dr. G REVILLE said he rose to propose an amendment to one
clause of the resolution, which he hoped Would meet the views
of the Convention. It was his'opinion that where Church dis-
cipline could be exercised against this sin it ought to be exer-
cised ; but since in his own Church this could not be done, he
thought it desirable to propose sueh a resolution as should
operate strongly on all Christian Churches. (The Learned
Gentleman then proposed an amendment.)
Some discussion arose as to this being the proper period for
moving an amendment, after which

J. gTANDEIELD, Es.q.. of Belfast, said that, as a member of
the Church of England, he rose with mixed feelings of pleasure
at the_christian sentiments which had been expressed by Mr.
Johnson, and of shame—and, if he might say so, of indignation
—against his brethren of the Episcopal Church of America,
for lending their sanction to the abomination of slavery.__
( Hear, hear.) He anticipated great good from the publication
of the letter of Mr. Jay they had that morning heard, and he
trusted they would be roused by it to greater exertions than
they had hitherto 'made. He was sorry his brethren of
the Protestant Church of Ireland had been so slow
in coming forward on this subject. 'On one occasion
he had spoken to a distinguished member of that
Church at the period of the agitation of the Apprenticeship
system, and who said he knew nothing of the question, upon
which he (Mr. Mansfield) supplied him with documents, on
perusing' which he said he had no idea that such crimes could
be perpetrated under that system. He thought he had made a
convert of him, but a few days after, on waiting on him with a.
learned friend to ask him to take part in an anti-slavery meeang,
he declined, and on his friend saying, then he supposed h e would
have the apprenticeship system die a natural death, he answered
in the affirmative, Another gentleman of his assquaintance in
Ireland adMitted slavery to be a bad thing, but because Lord
Brougham andj Mr. O'Connell had taken part against it,
refused to do anything with them for its abolition. He, there-
fore approved of the resolutions being as strong as they could
be made, for the purpose of shaming ministers of the English
and American Episcopal Churches. —( Hear, hear.) .
The Rev. THOMAS BIENEY said he had carefully looked
into the Greek Testament since he made the observations which
had the misfortune to be so unfavourably received on Saturday,
and he was still as much convinced, as of any truth in religion,
that there were owners of slaves in the primitive Chumnes.
But though this was conviction, he yet held it, in connection
with the considerations that induced him to give his ',,upport to
the resolutions—(Cheers)—because he believed Ise could do so
without involving Christianity in slavery. Hq believed there
were persons in the early Christian Churches who had two
wives, but he did not believe there were officers in those
Churches who had. The law of Moses was directed to the
mitigation of the evil thing, and we were not to draw a
sanction of the thing from it. Re, therefore, thought these
resolutions took the proper grounsl, and he should give his sup-
port to them.—( Hear, hear.)
Mr. lionnssors, of Kettering, and Mr. BRAHRORN, of Mos-
sachussetts, also intimated that they concurred in theresolu-
tions, for the reasons now brought forward.
Rev. Dr. HORY, of Birmingham, said some of his friends
would perhaps think he was desirous of exposing himself to
observation, but he could assure them he felt himself bound in
conscience to offer one or two observations before he could
consent to give a vote on the subject then before the meeting.
He agreed with Mr. Binney as to many of the terms used in
Scripture, and as to the facts mentioned by him ; but he felt
an insuperable objection to the words " sin against God," in
reference to what was by and by to be proposed—the act of
excommunication by the Church. He conceived they were
not there to discuss the terms of communion in the Christian
Church—he thought they did not sufficiently recognise the
principle of each others' sects for that--the Church of
Christ was not a legislative, but •an executive
body, and therefore he held it was beyond their prerogative
to decide as to what was sin against God, when they knew, or
when, at least, many of them believed, that slavery existed most
mysteriously in the primitive Churches, tolerated by apostolical
authority—( No, no.) He had heard slave-owners themselves
say there were many difficulties in the way of emancipating the
slaves—(Laughter)—and that it was on that principle alone
that they still held property in man.—( Oh, oh !) Under these
circumstances he hoped they would withdraw from the resolu.
tion the words sin against God. no.) Nevertheless,
he held to hold man in property was a sin against God, and he
was'sure it was incompatible with Christianity.—(Loud cheers,
and laughter.) He would vote for a resolution recommending
to the Church a rigid discipline, but he could not vote that sla-
very was a sin against God, if it were to be applied to Chris-
tian Churches—(Oh, oh. )
The Cumaltax said that Dr. Hoby, not having moved any
amendment, he hoped there would be no further discussion on
the subject.
Rev. CoLvita said that would be quite unnecessary,
Dr. Hoby having completely answered Dr. Hoby.—( Laughter. )
Rev. Henry GREW wished to say a word as to the posi-
tion of himself and his American brethren in the Convention.
They did not come there to calumniate their beloved country
—but as sons whose mother was diseased, seeking a remedy.—
His country, like the man who fell among thieves, was
wounded by the monster slave-owners, and ready to die;
I and they came seeking for those who would act the part of
the good Samaritan ; and while their own priests passed by
on the other side, to receive healing from those whose hearts
were open to the cause of humanity throughout the world.
The Rey. Gentleman was proceeding to discuss the Resolu-
tion, when he was called to order, the Resolution having
been regularly proposed to the meeting.
The Amendment having been put

Rev. .1. YOUNG rose to second the amendment. He felt
himself placed in a false position—innocently, he was surd; on
the part of the speakers—by the course of the remarks which
had been made. He referred to the mover and seconder of
the original resolutions, and he wished it to be understood that
though he opposed the 4th resolution, he did not oppose their
speeches, to every word of which he could say Amen. But
he thought their speeches did not support their conclusions.
With regard to the sin of slavery, he would go as far as any
member of the Convention; and as a member of a Chiistian
Church he would say all, and more than all, if it were possible,
that had been advanced in regard to conduct so unscriptural, as
that of a member of a Christian Church holding men as property.
They had met there as Christians, holding the Bible to be the
work of God, and it was perfectly competent to say that slavery
was a sin against God and totally inconsistent ith the prin-
ciples and precepts of the New Testament. It was a well-
known fact that every member of the community was a mem-
ber of the Church of England ipso facto, and that he could
not legally be excluded from the communion. There were
slight shades of differences of opinion in reference to the
terms of the Church communion—indeed in reference to all
Churches, and the Convention had no right to take upon
itself to pronounce what were or what were not proper terms
of Christian communion.—(Hear, hear.) In the remarks
that tell from the Rev, Gentleman who seconded the original
resolution he entirely concurred. He admired his piety and
courage in coming forward as a member of the Church of
England, and stating what he did. The reason he approved
of the amendment was that it pronounced the sin as being
utterly inconsistent with Christianity ; but at the same time he
did not interfere with Churches in pronouncing what were or
what were not their terms of communion. All the good they
sought would be gained by that strong expression of general
opinion.—(Cries of " No, no.") He looked upon it that if
there was an unconstitutional and an improper interference
with the rights of Churches, it was more apt to irritate than to
do good. In some communities he thought the effect would bet
that it would
,irritate. He deplored the state of the Churches
in America, and if they were in the state that had been re-
presented, the resolution proposed woul,elNbne, onfn.n,,o) more
goood than the idle wind. —(Cries of ,
Churches must be enlightened, and although he could net con-
cur in the propriety of interfering with their terms of com-
munion, yet he agreed that great good might be gained from
addressing them. He begged to second the amendment.
The Rev. HENR.; GREW would occupy the assembly but a
few moments. While he maintained that holding a fellow-
being as property was in all cases sinful, he denied that persons
were so held in the Christian Church, and it behoved him who
paid it was consistent to hold in the fellowship of the Christian
Church ,L man who claimed property in his fellow-being to
prove that the cases the Apostle referred to were of that specific
kind. —( Hear, hear.) The burthen of proof lay upon him who
used that argument ; but he contended that the eternal prin-
t pies of righteousness—the precepts of the New. Testament,
and all its purity and love, were opposed to the unrighteous
principle of holding property in a fellow-being.—(Hear,
hear.) 'They all knew there were in ancvnt times different
e 'Let] y
ta twr °as-
n that could
im
eCnh._ure(hHtehaorl
(s(;iniecffigireseieecsnhtacifrfeare' ether taut'
6di otherss—a ythe
re
hadofv were
ei.evemilderrl ay"ets' erneon character
antheextnt r ;a
to abolish, and, therefore,
produce evidence that thesheecatsiensmtgvehrte
tohfetyh the
toknidndehne
tenable
their of the
f l Twoly -
The Rev. Mr. BURNETT thought the original resolutions as
;%rirlo,nunhdadinelraiefinuseidngsnteohtphreefpeelrlotyw fellowship
they stood ought to be accepted by the meeting. The amend-
tent which their Worthy Friend had proposed would defeat
the very end he himself had in view. They would find that
many individuals would shelter themselves under the amend_
ment , which had a qualification about it that the original re.
solution was free from.—(Hear, hear.) It might be; said
some Churches were so constituted (and the amend
-
ticipated th me'At
at)lthat they could not act like other Cl-oiran
ches,
but if he was a true 'Anti-slavery man, and belie-red
that
slavery was a sin against God, that was a sinful ch arch that
sanctioned slavery, and he must leave it.—(Louil cheers.) Any
other sin might be taken up by a Church, or it might place it-
self by its constitution in such a position as not to visit that
sin by its discipline. Was he to be allowed tit say " Here was
one sin—slavery ; there another, and ago! tier, and the Church
he belonged to was so constituted that it could pot visit those
sins. If it was so constituted then he must seek a body that
had the favour of its own protection.—( Hear, hear.) He gave
his Honourable Friend credit for being possessed
or, as much
of the•anti-slavery principle as himself, but he thought his Hoa.
Friend had been mistaken in supposing that it would do good
in those churches that were so constituted as to be prevented
from doing good.--( Hear, hear.) It would be a severe impu-
tation to say there was any crime which the Christian Churtr

EVENING EDITION.

could purge themselvee of. The best thing the meeting could 1
elo with the resolutions was to adopt them just as they stood. I
lie would just add one word on the question of the terms of
the communion. What did the resolution recommend to the
Church ? Not to excommunicate, but to consider whether it (
was their ditty to do it. They were cnly asked to takenp the
subject, and to consider it. They were MAsubject, therefore dictating 1,
terms of communion to them. Indeed, he should object to
such dictation from his anti-slavery principles.—( Hear, hear,
and laughter.) lie hoped that no suspected irritation which
seiteht be excited in their minds would induce the meeting to
ferego the excellent resolution before it.
The Rev. 31r. BIaNEY supported the original resolution.
Dr. GREVILLE begged to withdraw his amendment.
Mr. HENRY t. STANTON,f New York, said the Conven-
tion was composed chiefly of 'British abolitionists, and the re-
solutions, though not directly, yet indirectly would have the
effect of turning out of the pale of the Church about
nine-tenths of his American brethren. He did not say they
were about directly to excommunicate, but they were about to
take measures, which, if carried out in America, would cer-
tainly, unless resistance took place, have that effect. Al-
though he was epposed to the amendment that had just been
withdrawn, yet he wished to submit another amendment, be-
cause he did not think the resolution was quite strong enough.
--(Hear, hear.) The amendment he wished to propose was
to insert these words, " To respectfully submit to them it was
their incumbent duty to take those steps. He was aware it
might be said they were not a Church Court ; but he would
ask were they not to declare what it was the duty of man to do
with reference to moral principles ? For what did they sit
there ? To lay the corner-stone of the fabric that slave hold-
ing was a sin against God. lie wished the meeting to listen
to two or three facts ; and, first of all, he would state it was
considered in America that two or three questions they had
been discussing that morning were entirely settled. The first
was, that holding men as a property was, under all circumstances,
sinful. Another question that was settled in America, at least
settled so far as impregnable argument could settle it was, that
servitude sanctioned by God did not recognise the right
of one man to hold his fellow-man as property.
Theodore D. Weld had published an argument on that subject,
which the doctors ire America had not dared to touch with their
heaviest weapons. Another fact they were about settling in
America was, that the New Testament gave no sanction to the
claim of man over his fellow-man as property. An argu-
ment on that subject had just been published by a distinguished
gentleman, the Presider one of their colleges, and no an-
swer had been attempted to be given to it on the part of any
American divine who pretended to hold that slavery was re-
cognised in the New Testament. When he saw that Conven-
tion about to take measures which would at least throw the
American Church into a delicate and peculiar predicament, he
felt bound to ask his brethren to be aware what they were
deinge,.and that when the American clergy who had acted in
the Eiuner bo which he had referred, came to this country,
they would not hold out to them the right hand of fellowship.
He nutted that they were not going, in that Convention, to
vote fer one thing and do another. He was sorry to say that,
in the southern portion of America, slavery had increased to a
most ones-moue extent—( Cheers.) What he wanted was, that
eiso principle "'Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself,"
should Ise established in America, and that the mi-
nisters of that country pointing to the downcast and ill-
lased slave should exclaim—" That is my brother."—( Cheers. )
So much for statements. Now for facts. He had no doubt
that every person there would denounce the holding of slaves
for a pain. They might say that holding them for their good
would be allowed ; but holding them to make money of them
was a disgrace to humanity and derogatory to mankind. Now
he would just read a statement to them which would show to
what extent professing Christians were engaged in actual hold-
ing of slaves. The person who gave this evidence was a Minis.
tee,-of high standing in the Presbyterian denomination in the
south, and had been for many years the stated clerk of a pres-
bytery in Mississippi, and what he stated was this—" If slavery
be a sin, and if advertising and apprehending slaves, with a
view to restore them to their masters, is a direct violation of
the Divine law, and if the buying, selling, and holding slaves
for the sake of gain is a heinous sin and scandal, then verily
three-fourths of all the Episcopalians, Methodists, Baptists, and
Presbyterians in eleven States of the Union are of the Devil."
He would therefore advise those present to be careful
what they were about.—(Loud laughter.) But ha went on
to say—" they hold, if they do not buy and sell, slaves; and,
with few exceptions, they hesitate not to apprehend and restore
runaway slaves when in their power." Such was the statement
of a Presbyterian of high rank in the South, and he could
refer to several such, but he would pass them by and call the
attention of the meeting to the opinions unequivocally avowed
by the Charleston and the Carolina Union Presbytery.
'1 hey avowed their opinions as follows :—" That in the opinion
of this Presbytery the holding of slaves, so far from being a sin
in the sight of God, is no where condemned in his Holy Word
—( Cries of " Shame")—that it is in accordance with the ex-
ample, or consistent with the precepts of Patriarchs, Prophets,
and Apostles--that it is compatible with the most paternal re-
gard to the best good of those servants whom God may have
eoenrnatted to our charge, and that, therefore, those who as-
sume 'the contrary position, and lay it down as a fundamental
prioeiple in morals and religion that slavery is wrong, proceed
upon a false principle." He might multiply such extracts as
these indefinitely, for there was hardly an ecclesiastical body of
any note throughout the slave holding states which had not re •
peatedly its sanction to the system of slavery. But what
said the Synod of Virginia, which covered the entire
of that country ? Why the Synod passed a resolution to the
following effect :—" Resolved unanimously,"—Unanimously !
" that we consider the dogma fiercely promulgated by Abo-
litionist Associations, that slavery as it actually exists in our
slave-holding States is necessarily sinful, and ought to be im-
mediately abolished, and the conclusions which naturally follow
from that dogma are directly and palpably contrary to the
plainest principles of common sense and common humanity,
and to the clearest authority of the Word of God."—( Hear. )
The Edgetield Baptist Association, in South Carolina, had
also came to similar resolutions, and they had appointed a
day of fasting—not to undo the heavy burdens, and let the
oppressed ge free, bet " to give to our brethren and all others
in the North, who are embarked in the unscriptural cause of
the abolition of slavery among us, right views of the course
pursued by our Lord and his Apostles under a similar state of
things, when they were upon the earth, in imitation of whose
example they should be found, that instead of scattering fire-
brands into the southern portions of the Union, and stirring
up a servile war, they may endeavour to keep the unity of
the spirit in the bond of peace. '—( Cries of " Shame, shame.")
Surely this %vas fasting to unite with the deeds of wickedness.
He would now read to the meeting some few testi-
monies, from the Southern Christian Herald, one
of the periodicals of the south. In that paper they were
void, that at a .arge meeting assembled in Lancasterville, south
Carolina, which was addressed by the Rev. J. H, Thornhill
and the Rev. Mr. Carlisle,ksolutions were passed to the fol-
lowing effect :—First, that slavers-, as it exists in the South, is
no evil, and is consistent with the principles of revealed reli-
giess—( Cries of " Shame, shame")—that all opposition to it
arises train a misguided and fiendish fanaticism, which we are
bound to resist in the very threshold—( Cries of " Shame")—
that all interference with this subject by fanatics is a violation
of our civil and social rights, is unchristian and inhuman, lead-
ing necessarily to anarchy and bloodshed ; and that the insti,ga-
tars are murderers and assassins.—( Shame, shame.) But that
was not all. A clergyman of Virginia, one who was bound to
Coach the principles of " peace and good will to men," in a
letter, in the year 1833, addressed to the West Hanover Pres-
bytery, concluded it as follows :—" It there be any stray goat of
a- minister among us, tainted with the bloodhound principle of
abolitionism, let him be ferreted out, silenced, excommunicated,
and left to the public to dispose of in other respects. Your
affeel'iotaate brother is the Lord Robert N. Anderson.—(Cries
of " Shame.") Now, he must say that with regard to the latter
part of this letter, it bad a bloody meaning. The finger
that poikted to that letter pointed to the use of the bowie knife,
or any other weapon of murder. That was in 1835, when
violence, and outrage, and blood, were going through the land—
that was in the year whet Reuben Carrunctel went to Colum-
bia, and because an antis slavery tract was found in his luggage,
lie was imprisoned for eight months.—(Cries of " Shame,
shame.") His life's blood was taken from him by degrees,
consumption seized him, and because he could not come to the
tree side of the North, he was obliged to fly to Jamaica, and
there Awl: protection under the shadow of a monarch's throne.
The language he had referred to, it was to be remembered,
was that of a minister of the Gospel, and in his (Mr. Stanton's )
opinion it ought to have been written in blood, fur it had a
bloody meaning.—( Great cheers.) But now with respect to
the Methodist clergy, lie would read to the meeting the ex-
tract of a letter from the Rev. George W. Langhorne, a Metho-
dist minister, to the editor of Zion's Watchman, a Methodist
anti-slavery paper, published in New York. The Rev. Gen-
tleman stated as follows :—" I, Sir, would as soon be found in
the ranks of a banditti, as numbered with Arthur Taphan and
his wanton coadjutors"—that Arthur Taphan, the meeting
would allow him to say, whose name was connected with every-
thing that was noble and philanthrophie. -( Great cheering.)
" Nothing is more appalling to my feelings as a man, contrary
to my principles as a Christian, and repugnant to my soul as a
'Minister, than the insidious proceedings of such men. If you
have not resigned your credentials as a minister of the Aletho-
that Episcopal Church, I really think :hat as an honest man you
should do so at ones. In your Ordination Vows you solemnly
promised to be obedient to those who had the rule over you, and
since they have spoken, and that distinctly too, on this subject,
and sheapprove your conduct, I conceive that you are bound
to submit to their authority, or leave the Church." Then,
at a public meeting held at Oranzeburgh in South Ca-
rolina, in July, in the year le3ti, which had been
called for the purpose of considering what should be done
with the copy of" Zion's Watchman," which hail been sent to
the Ilev. J. C. Paetell, a Member of the South Carolina Con-
ference of the Methodist Church, that gentleman received an
Address of the citiaens of that place in which were the follow-
ing statements :—" From what has been premised the following
conclusions result,—First, that slavery is a judicial visitation.—
( Laughter.) Secondly, that it is not a moral evil ; thirdly,
that it is supported by the Bible—( Cries of hear, hear)_
fourthly, that it has existed in all ages," and they should have
added, so had lying and stealing. —( Great laughter.) Then the
Address went on to say, " it is not a moral evil. Ihe fact that
slavery is of Divine appointment—(Cries of Oh, oh)--would be
proof enough with the Christian that it cannot be a moral evil.
So tar from hei,eg a moral evil it is a merciful visitation—it is
the Lord's doings and marvellous in our eyes—(Cries of
.Shame, shame)—
and had it not been for the best, God alone,
eelso is able, long since would have
overruled it. It is by Divine
appointment."—(Cries of Shame.)
salee, tail that that was not true;; if Wig co-Secretary, Mr.
es
((I,hie, came to America he
thought that he would find it 50..--
eerie title Mr. Paetell was, he would
read
t) so.—(Cheers.) ) Now to show
2.1drr,,,e b
of Z
y that gentleman to the editor
to the a letter
Zion's meeting
Watchman.
ft was as follows ;—" Did you calculate Mr
itSutherland to mis-
esent the Methodist discipline, and say
t p, when the general Conference in theiry las
Attu,frpeo rotted. aboli-
Those on s
htliel -_
sigesseeed it as a libel on truth ? Ohl full of all subtlety,
.irdt.ell the devil—.all liars, salt!' the Sacred Volume., shall chave
,ie punishment in the lake of fire and brinistON. I can duly
e ,one reason why you have not been indicted for libel. The
law sa2.,S, the fif
greater the truth the greater the libel, and as
your papee• has no inch ingredient, it is construed but a small
rnatter. L'ut if you desire to educate the slaves, I will tell you
how to raise the money without editing Zion's Watchman.
You and old Arthur Taphan came out of the South this win-
ter, and they will raise 100,000 dollars for you. New Orleans
far herself will be pledged for :t. Desiring no further acquain-
tance with yen, and never expecting to see you but once in
time or in eternity, which is at judgment, I subscribe myself
tllte friend of the Bible, and the opposer of ab, He
ks . Pastell." (Cries of "Shame, shame. )
en
rulers to the jadgwnt, end when he coniese
,beforethe judgment-seat of Christ, ant; when Christ said to prim, 1
was hungry, and ye fed me not ; I sees naked, and ye clothed
me not ; I was a stranger, and ye took me not in ; for inasmuch
as ye did it not to these, ye did it not to me." In answer to
to this he would say, o When saw I thee hungered ?" .And the
answer would lie, " Wei saw it in the down-trodden slave."—
Loud cheers.) The treatment of the slaves in America was
hoed in the extreme, and that treatment, he believed, was en-
haiaced, rather than decreased, by the ministers of the Gospel.
Ho tsadhearil that one Baptist minister, when his slave ran away,
enol bias dead, and another took an axe and cut off his fingers.
-.:(Cries of " Shame, shame.") A third, whose slave was
accused of stealing sixty dollars, whipped him most severely,
and he was found dead the next morning.--("Shame.' )
'The book, em which he had read teemed with such facts as
,iese, but he would not at the present moment detain the
Taneting be adverting to them. He must, however, bo allowed
0 attain ;he meeting a short time, while he read some parts of
t,,w, re,oiesisons of the Harmony Presbytery of South Carolina,
in oilier to ii.qnv how they perverted the Scripture—" Resolved,
That slavery I-
tas exoted from the good old slave-holders and
T
L AbrahaM, ;ssaae, and Jacob (who are new in the
patriar V.*, , ~,„„,,, ro, '—this was a parenthesis—(Cries of
kingdonc fa '''''.- e

Shame, shame"—" to the time when the Apostle Paul sent
a runaway slave home to his master Philemon, and wrote a
Christian and fraternal epistle to this slave-holder, which we
find stands in the Canons of the Scriptures, and that slavery
has existed ever since the days of the Apostle, and does now
exist. That as the relative duties of master and slave are taught
in the Scripture, in the same manner as of parent and child, and
husband and wife, the existence of slavery itself is not opposed
to the will of God; and whoever has a conscience too tender
to recognise this relation as lawful, is righteous over-much,
is wise above what is written, and has submitted his neck to the
yoke of man—sacrificed his Christian liberty of conscience, and
leaves the infallible word of God for the fancies and doctrines
of men."—( Shame, shame.) He would not now stop to read
any more of such testimony : it was sufficient for him to say,
that he trusted the time had now arrived when a strcng rebuke
would be given by all religious bodies in this country to those
who entertained such doctrines. The abolitionists of this country
were held in high estimation in America, and if they would only
speak out, he felt convinced that slavery would soon be at an
end—( Cheers.) They needed Christian rebuke ; but above
all, they needed from them that when their distinguished cler-
gymen came among the people of this country, they should be
told that, until they put away the evil of slavery, the right
hand of fellowship would not be held out to them.
The Rev. W. BR.OEti seconded the amendment ; and, after
a short discussion, in which Mr. Josiah Foter, the 'tit/. Tho-
mas Swan, and Mr. Fewoster suggested several amend-

ante
The Rev. Mr. BURNETT said that he thought the best
course would be to make dr. Stanton's amendment part of
the original resolution he proposed—( Cheers. )
The Rev. Dr. Cox concurred most heartily with the reso-
lution. He was not always of the same opinion as that which
led him to this full concurrence, but deep reflection—repeated
reflction, upon the subject, had brought him to the conclu-
sion he had now arrived at.—( Great cheering.) Having come
to that conclusion, he felt it his duty to take the first opportu-
nity of stating it, and he was sure that the gentlemen of that
Convention, knowing how he had been situated—knowing that
he bad gone to America as a Delegate, and knowing also
how he had been treated there, he was sure that they would
feel that he was not obtruding when he stated that he fully
and heartily concurred with every sentiment and word con-
tained in the proposition.—( Great cheering. )
The resolution, with the amendments added, were then
put by the Chairman to the meeting, and carried unanimously.
The Convention adjourned at half-past two to four o'clock.

The Delegates re-assembled at four o'clock, Mr. STURGE
in the Chair.
THE COLOURED POPULATION OF UPPER CANADA.

Dr..lloirii said, in bringing under the notice of the Con-
vention the state of the coloured population of Upper Canada,
he thought it was desirable to remind them that that country
served as the place of refuge for a number of runaway slaves
from the United States. In consequence of some circum-
stances which had take place en the banks of the Niagara, he
had been in correspondence e i,h the Government for a long
time, trying to obtain protection for the coloured race in Ca-
nada, but he had almost despaired of success until the meeting
of the Convention.—( Hear, hear.) He then proceedod. In
conformity with the instructions of the Committee, I have
much pleasure in bringing before the notice of this Conven-
tion the numbers, state, condition, and desires of the coloured
population of Upper Canada. As a body, they may be justly
deemed the most interesting fragment of American people, to
Ise found on the Americant continent. The recent census
taken of them, for the purpose of submitting to this Conven-
tion, amounted to 12,511 ; this was exclusive of some towns
and townships that had not sent in their returns, so that I sup-
pose, on a moderate computation, they cannot be much less
than 15,000. They are chiefly fugitives from the great prison-
house of southern bondage ; and the history of the perils, suf-
ferings, and vicissitudes they met with, in their escape from
their savage masters, exceed in thrilling interest, pathos, and
wonder, the wildest stories of romance. It is impossible not to
feel a degree of admiration at the elevation of mind which the
love of liberty inspires, as also not to perceive what a noble
foundation for the inculcation of good principles, when listening
with rapture to the account of their trials and struggles—their
courage and perseverance in surmounting all obstacles—their
dangerefrom hunger, from their merciless pursuers, from blood-
hounds sent on their trail, from the interdict generally laid on
them, and from the inevitable destruction (by law.ess mobs)
of any who would kindly interpose on their behalf.—( Hear.)
To illustrate their love of liberty, permit me to state a fact or
two respecting a man who now resides at Gosfield in the
Western district. He is a worthy independent farmer, and I
believe a Christian. Twelve or fifteen years ago he made his
escape from the State of Alabama, passed through Tenossee
and Kentucky in the most perilous circumstances—was several
times hunted and harrassed and worried down by blood-hounds
and human beings more savage than they, and captured, and
twice committed to jail, from which he broke and fled. The
first time he broke goal was at midnight, in the midst of a tre-
mendous thunder-storm. He first rid himself of his hand-
cuffs, which had been put on loosely, by making use of a ball
of hard soap—moistening his hands, and rendering them pliant
and slippery as an eel's-skin, and then drawing them out one
at a time ; then seizing an axe which lay in reach, he raised
it up amidst the lightning's flash and the bursting peals of
thunder, using the light which God struck out for him, for the
purpose of discovering where to strike at bolts and bars,
and taking advantage of deafening thunder claps which in-
instantly
ensued, he banged away with his battle-axe, hoping
that the voice of thunder might drown the noise of liberty's
hammer, and, thus struggling, he succeeded in getting out.
The storm passed off, and the bright moon soon shone out to
cheer him on his way to the North.—( Loud cheers.) Again
and again he was hunted and worried down by men and dogs.
At length he came to the beautiful Ohio river. Ha longed to
plant his feet upon the opposite side, which he knew to begin a
free state. He reconnoitered the stream for some time in
quest of the means of conveyance across; but fearing that he
should fail, and be again reduced to hopeless bondage, he said
within himself that he would have it toremember, that he was
in sight of a Lee country, and drank of free waterfor once in his
life. So, Gideon like, he bowed down and drank freely from the
stream. He succeeded, however, in getting across into the
State of Indiana, hut was soon taken up by slave-hunters.
They bound him with cords, kept him confined for some
time, and led him through the village in the night towards the
ferry, intending to return him to Kentucky. On leading him
out, they charged him not to speak, at the peril of his life.
This charge of silence suggested to his mind that his tongue
might be of some service to him, and he resolved that he would
use it. He raised the cry of murder at the top of his voice,
which instantly frightened his captors, so that they left him
and fled; while the friends of humanity came breaking from
doers and windows to his rescue, cut him loose, and helped
him on his way to Canada.—(Loud cheers.) His name is
John Williams. He is now a worthy British freeman.
With regard to their state and condition, those who have
settled in towns, for the most part have succeeded, and are in
flourishing circumstances ; and have frequently received com-
mendations from the Bench for their industry, sobriety, and
general deportment. The Chief Justice of Upper Canada, an
authority everywhere venerated, has felt constrained, on more
than one occasion, when coloured men have been brought
before him for trial, to bear his willing testimony in their
favour as to their general deportment and good character.
Those also who have settled upon lands, which they have pur-
chased by their industrious accumulations, have succeeded, and
are prospering. An interesting confirmation of this fact may
be seen in the township of Thorab, on Lake Simcoe. Some
few years since, a number came from the United States, and
became squatters (as they are termed) in that township. They
were from the South, and consequently unaccustomed to the
severities of our more northern winters. They had been, how-
ever, habituated to the remorseless rigors of the worst descrip-
tion of slavery under Heaven, and with their accustomed
patience they not only surmounted their difficulties, subsisted
without eleemosynary aid, but in a few years carried surplus
produce to market. Those who received free grants of land,
in the Wilberforce settlement, did not succeed so well as those
who, having laboured for some years, bought land with their
own savings. This is not a fault to attach exclusively to the
man of colour—it is too frequently to be seen in the white man.
It arises from such persons being too apt to rely on the con-
tinuation of benefactions once began, rather than on their own
energies. Those thrive best who purchase land from their
savings, and that not in a separate colony, but promiscuously
among white settlers, who are ultimately shamed out of their
prejudices by seeing industry, order, sobriety, prudence, fru-
gality, and contentment, where they had been led to anticipate
directly the reverse. With regard to their fidelity and valour
as residents in the province, they have received the special ap-
probation of the Legislative Council, the thanks of their various
Commanding Officers, the commendation of every Governor,
and no one can better appreciate their services than the late
Governor-Genet al of British North America, and the Com-
mander of the Forces, General Lord Seaton. Lastly, with re-
gard to their desires and expectations. A tragic event occurred
on the frontier of Niagara on the 15th of September, 1837. A
slave-holder, Castleman, came from Lexington, Kentucky, to
claim a slave, Moseby. whom he traced into Upper Canada,
and claimed as a fugitive felon. 'the mars was arrested and
committed to Niagara gaol. Sir Francis Bead, by the advice of
the Law Officers of the Crown; and under the regulations of
international law, was induced to surrender him. 'the co-
loured population of the province rallied to a man to resist this
surrender, resolving to perish in their resistance to the law,
rather than behold their fellow-man delivered up again to slavery.
They came in from every section of the province, and lay ie
ambush for fourteen days and nights about the gaol. The sup-
plications of the man to be shot on British ground, rather than
to be surrendered to slavery, were heartrending and piteous in
the extreme. The day for t!,e delivery of bins to the American
authorities arrived. He was placed in a waggon, front which
lie leapt into the midst of his brethren—burst off his handcuffs,
which had previously been filed—bounded over a high fence,
and made his escape. By order of the Deputy Sheriff several
guns were fired amongst the crowd, and two lives were sacri-
iced on the occasion. To remedy this state of things, a
General Convention of the coloured population of Upper
Canada took place, when a memorial was determined upon, re-
presenting their peculiar situation, and praying that that
special protection which their circumstances required might be
extended to them by her Majesty's Government. After a long
correspondence both with the Colonial and the Foreign Secre-
taries of State, I lament to add, nothing definitive or satisfac-
factory has been accomplished to meet this anomalous posi-
tio sin which the coloured population of Canada is placed.
I had better lay before you the views of the coloured people
agreed to at their C, mention in Upper Canada this spring :
" cesetT MEETING OF COLOURED PEOPLE AT ANCASrEk.
" Pursuant to notice, given through the newspapers of the
province, delegates assembled at the village of Ancaster from
every part of the province, on Weinesday the Ilth day of
March, 1840, to confer together and to pass such resolutions as
the social, moral, religious, and political condition of the co-
loured population of this colony seemed to require, in order that
these resolutions might be forwarded to England to be laid be-
fore the Grand Abolition Convention, to be held in the City of
London in June next.
" Resolved—That this meeting deem it expedient to petition
her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen, as also the Provincial
Legislature, that a law may he passed by which, in the case of
a slave having escaped from bondage into any British province,
and claimed be the slaveholder, on pretext of felony or other
crime, that he or she be not surrendered (as is now the case),
but be placed in confinement until the nett Assizes for the dis-
trict in which he or she may be resident shall be held, and the
facts
of the offence charged be tried by a Jury, either Grand or
Petit, before the escaped slave shall be handed over to the
authorities of the Unite States for trial there ; as this meeting
is fully awareget
thet that it is too often a mere pretext of the slave-
holder toslave
back'
Tirztnt.
Resolved—
in order to inflict the most cruel
and rigorous treat
itis expedient that we address the next
Provincial Parliament,
that
an Act be passed for our benefit,
similar to the Alien
Act,passed by the Provincial Legislature n
in 1828, for as the law w stands as regards aliens who wish
to become subjects, it operoate,
British
tinjuriously against us : we
emigrate to this and ether coloniesh to enjoy that liberty
those blessings
as it will be for our
and protection which alone is afforded the British Govern-
pesutuahydarhid wholly in
ment and law, and it is our
made
advantage, that we enjoy
common with other subjects, and not in
tpahsesredA,fat;
Ma-
jesty be petitioned in the event of such an jet beingt
for its object an;
give her Royal Assent thereto.
suppose
ptih,
o:eCtot
" Resolved—,-That having seen a notice in some of the
motion that has been
news-
papers of tile day, of a
opening of a negotiation between the Government of the Uni':d
press of the United States of America, having
States of America and that of Great Britain, to obtain the
have escaped, from the States into Canada; a motion in itself
surrender of all slaves that escape, and those we
so wicked, so infamous and outrageous, and so repugnant to
very feeling of justice, of right, of humanity, and of morals and
ell ion, that if acted upon we feel assured will call down upon
such a people and such a Government the execrations of man.

kind generally, and the friends of the coloured man in every I
part of the globe in particular ; which motion marks the incon-
sittency of the charadgm- of that Government that, in its
boasted ' Declaration of Independence,' first declares that all
men are born free and equal,' and yet enslaves millions of our
race. Satisfied as we are with the protection we enjoy, and
that no such infamous proposition as this will ever be listened
to by the Government of Great Britain, we only notice it to
draw the attention of Government, and to pray that, should it
be made, it will be treated with that contempt which so
gross an insult to the cause of humanity and to the honour and
dignity of the British Crown so well deserves."
. .

Having laid their views before you, I v ill read an extract
from a letter from a gentleman of colour, residing in
Toronto, about being ordained a clergyman—a gentle-
man whose capacity, vast attainments, and singular mo-
desty command the regard of all who know him—Mr. Gallego.
In his letter to me, he says :—We sincerely hope that you
will succeed in getting us considered as political refugees,
which would remove at once all possibility of any future sur-
render to the authorities of the United States. As it is an
undoubted fact, that this is actually our real position. and that
whatever violence may be charged against us, has been com-
mitted as the only and unavoidable means of securing personal
and political libe-ty. Upon this point the feelings of the
coloured peopie are growing every day more strong. As the
only objection that has ever been made in the Province against
our elevation to all the privileges of natural born subjects is,
that it might give offence to the Americans, we hope that
the philanthropy of the mother country will not suffer us to be
betrayed to the " tender mercies" of American feeling. No,
Britain will be true to herself, and will protect the coloured
man whether on sea or land, against the combined malice of
the civilized world. By this unmanly course of precedence
they are leaving their children to contend with an evil no less
prostrating and withering in its influence upon tile young
mind, than even slavery itself. Then it is expedient that we
should submit our feelings to the conflict with prejudice, and
endeavour to curb it once for all. It cannot but lower us in
public estimation, to be always soliciting alms. One of the cer-
tain consequences of this measure would be to make us rely
more upon the assistance of othersthan upon our own resources.
The great and indispensable element of our prosperity is votes.
Give us votes in time of peace, and it will afford us protection
against all political hostility, (and, it must be confessed, we
have much of this to contend with). This will be as generous
as it is safe, since no one hesitates to place arms in our hands in
time of war, when assailed by the common enemy. Already
Maine, Massachussets, and New York are fast removing the
disabilities of coloured men, and are at this moment on the
point of an open rupture with Georgia, South Carolina, and
Virginia, in consequence of refusing to surrender certain fugi-
tive slaves. It is to Britain, under God, that the whole coloured
population in America are looking for protection and support.
I still believe that British power and British feeling may yet
exert a powerful influence in North America. But deprive me
of hope in this:respect, and all that ennobles, all that endears the
British name to my mind, would live no longer but in the
fondly delusive dreams of the past. Having now laid before you
their views, I shall trespass a little on your attention, by stating
my own. Two modes have been suggested relative to the sur-
render of slaves charged with felony. England must be con-
sidered pledged, in the most formal manner, never to surrender
a stave claimed purely in that simple character. It is for the
protection of coloured persons, claimed as felons, that we must
exert all our strength. Of the two measures proposed for this
end:-Ist in date, trial by Jury, it ithin the British territory,
e o.v to us to delivery; 2dly. That all coloured refugees, should,
without any distinction whatever, be considered political
offenders, and protected as such. The first measure requires
a law of the Imperial Parliament ; the second only a ministerial
instruction to the Colonial Executive. The difficulty of ob-
taining the law is the apprehended displeasure of the United
States, as the discussion alone of such a measure would greatly
awaken the angry fear of the slave republic. An instruction
offers neither the same inconveniences to the views of this
party, nor consequently the same difficulty in its obtentiou for
the coloured people. Besides, the instruction being withheld
from all but the interested parties, could form no ground for
official complaint from the United States. Lastly, the law, if
passed, would not furnish so perfect a protection. Suppose a
free negro, in a free American State, committing robbery--
suppose him claimed as a felon—tried in Canada—by an upright
Jury convicted—he must be surrendered. So far all is fair
and just, as it should be. What next, though ? Will
he be tried in America like a white felon of the
same degree of guilt? No, both the whole course of
law and execution are widely different in the said ,1
free States : a coloured man's oath is not good in law
against that of a white man, no matter how he may be stained
with crime. Prison or death would be mercy compared to a
relapse into perpetual slavery ; and this abominable punishment,
far severer than capital punishment itself, is, in one at least of
the free states, the award of law for slight felonies, petty lar-
cenies, &c. ; and in many more the illegal but frequent and
irremediable consequence of conviction before malignant and
partial juries. Even real felons should not be surrendered as
long as the law and practice is not the same unto all manner of
men. I could have wished to direct your attention to the sub-
ject of naturalisation, but as you have requested each delegate
to be as brief as possible, I defer for the present, but I cannot
but expressmy ardent hope, as well as confident conviction, that
from this great meeting the spirit of freedom will go forth on
the morning, and cause many an unhappy captive to stand erect
upon his broken fetters. The spirit of liberty has carried its
intrepid adventurous apostles to parts where even commercial
adventure hardly dared to follow. The remotest marts of fo-
reign traffic are now but resting places, where the dove, sent
forth upon her errand of mercy and of hope, renews her
strength, and replumes her wing °for a still bolder flight over
the cheerless, dreary waste beyond. Wherever man groaning
in bondage is found, away upon the wings of sympathy, away
over mount and main, over sea and forest, fly the heralds of
freedom, the almoners of the public bounty; and there, with all
the Samaritan's kindness, with more than the Samaritan's pri-
vation and fortitude, they bind up the broken-hearted, and
give liberty to the captive. God grant the efforts of this mighty
Convention will cause the death knell of slavery to be rung
throughout the globe.
The ROY. CHARLES EDWARD LEICESTER Of New York
then rose and addressed the Convention as follows :—ln addi-
tion to what Dr. Rolf has said, I wish to add a few words, and
if what I say has no other merit, it shall possess this ; I will
deal io facts, and I will be short. I have not thus far con-
sumed much of the time of this body, nor do I intend to do, and
in what I now say, I will try to conform to the only rule of
oratory worth observing, and which I wish was more generally
adopted here—never to begin to speak till we have something
to say, and always to stop when we have done.—(A laugh.)
We have as yet entered upon no subject of deeper interest than
this, and I am anxious that this Convention should possess the
materials which the Providence of God has thrown into our
hands for the overthrow of our enemies. They have said that
the emancipated negro could not provide for himself—that in in-
tellect and character he is inferior to other men. Let us bring
our principles to the severest test, and see if we cannot clearly
discern all the noblest intellectual and moral attributes of man
in the negro race. The slaveholder may have done all in Iris
power to deface the image of God from his victim's soul—for
slavery not only aims to shut out the light of heaven from the
soul, but to destroy even the capacity to see the light ; and be-
cause after crushing his fellow into the earth and breaking down
his manhood, he does not see genius in his dim and lustreless
eye, nor greatness in his menial and degraded bearing, he
dreams that his slave has ceased to be a man. And to test our '
principles, I will not ask them to wait several generations till
the sun of liberty, science, and salvation has risen and set as
long upon the African as it has upon the Anglo-Saxon race
hich has enslaved them. Nor will I point t• those from whose
fetter-galled limbs the strong arm of British law has struck the
chains ; and who have been beckoned by British Christianity
and benevolence from their degradation to an equality with her-
self. But I will point to 12,000 star-led fugitives now in
Canada, who amid the death shades of southern slavery, deter-
mined in spite of degradation and of law to be free, who, fired
by a love of liberty, to obtain it gave up their wives and their
children forever ; who were hunted for hundreds of miles
through the wide domains of false freedom, but who, naked,
hungry, and desolate, pressed their toilsome way onward iu
inter through sleep morasses and broad rivers, and over snow_
clad mountains, until the North star, that lamp of liberty, which
Heaven has hung out to shed her everlasting light over the
path of the hunted fugitive, brought them to British soil,
which they cannot touch without being free. To a band of
men who prepare to begin to live only till they have reached
that period of life when other men begin to prepare to die—
who commence existence there under circumstances more in-
auspicious than emigrants from any other part of the world—
with no other wealth than their own bodies arid souls, and
hearts that are broken with sorrow, and when they have a
home the magic of it is gone, for their wives and their children
are still in southern bondage. Britons, what is it that consti-
tutes the charm of your homes when you cluster around
your firesides, if it be not your wives arid your chil-
dren?—(Hear, hear.) Why, when I once said to a
fugitive, who was sitting by his own free fireside,
" You are a happy man—you are free ?" He rose in the ma-
jesty of his manhood, and exclaimed, as a sleep frown of indig-
nation gathered on his brow, and the big tears rolled down,
" Even liberty is bitter to me while my wife and my children
are in bondage."—( Loud cheers.) Now what can we expect
from men who have been through all this ? Let us be just, then,
while I tell you what they are. For the sake of being
brief and lucid I will confine your thoughts to this single point
—the character and condition of these fugitives as freemen and
slaves contrasted. This, I fancy, is just the point upon which
this Convention requires information. Full and satisfactory
evidence of their good belrtiour and value as citizens has bee;
given by the highest civil authorities, and by men of different
sects and parties in Canada. The following letters were re-
ceived by the Agent, iu reply to his inquiries, from gentlemen
in Toronto, whose character is too well known to need any de-
scription. The first is from the lion. R. G. Dunlap, Member
of the Provincial Parliament :

" 'louse o f Assembly, Toronto.

" DEAR SlR,—Permit me to assure you that 1 feel much pleasure
in replying to your communication of yesterday, and in recording
my testimony, whether in my private capacity as a subject, or in
my publ c as a magistrate and representative of the people, it gives
me infinite satisfaction to say, that after much observation and
some experience, I have arrive l at this conclusion, viz, that there
are not in his Majesty's dominions, a more loyal, hones ,industrious
temperate, and independent class of citizens than the coloured
people of Upper Canada. Go on therefore, nay dear Sir, in your
writ of charity, and let us pray fervently to the Most High, that
he will look down with compassion on the degraded children of
Africa, and lead them, as he did his chosen people of old, from your
modern Egypt of oppression.
" I rema►n, dear Sir, &c.
" It. G. DUNLAP,

"Captain of R.N., M.P. for the County of Huron."
The next is from William Mackenzie, the celebrated agitator,
and so forth—( A laugh)—and it is important, as showing, what
I believe to be the fact, that these 12,500 refugees stood mate-
rially in the way of the rebellion in Canada, and if it had not
been for them the Government might have been overturned.—
( Cheers. ):
" Toronto, January 30, 1837.

support
those eoYf
" Sia,—ln reply to your inquiries, 1 beg to offer as my
to
opinion
with much diffidence, l st, That nearly all of them are opposed
every species of reform in the civil institutions of the colYil—ti
are so extravagantly loyal to the Executive, that to the utmost
their power they uphold all the abuses of Government, and sup
those who profit by them. 2d. As a people they are as well' be-
hayed as a majority of tl.e whites, and perhaps more temperate.
3d. To your third question I would say, not " more numerous."
4th. Cases in which coloured people ask public charity are rare, as
far as I can recollect. I ant opposed to slavery, whether of whites
or blacks, in every form. I wish to live long enough to see the
people of this continent, of the humblest classes, educated and free,
and held in respect, according to their conduct and attainments,
without reference to country, colour, or worldly substance. But
regret that an unfounded fear of a union with the United States on
the part of the coloured population should have induced them to
oppose reform and free institutions in this colony, whenever they
have had the power to do so. The apology I make for them in this
matter is, that they have not been educated as freemen.
" I ant your respectful bumble servant,
" W. L. 3IACKENZIE."

3d.—From JoHN H. Dux,
Esc. :
SlR,—lti acknowledging the receipt of your letter of the 26th
instant, containing certa ti inquiries relating to the,people of colour
in this city, I have much pleasure in affording my testimony for
the information of the Society of which you state yourself to be the
agent, at the same time begging you will consider my observations
as strictly applicable to the people of colour within this city and im-
mediate neighbourhood, to which alone my knowledge extends. In
reply to query No. I, I believe them to be truly loyal subjects of the
Government. c.f... As a people, I have no reason to question their
honesty or industry, and as far as my observations serve me, they
appear to be both temperate and well behaved.
am not aware that criminal cases are more numerous with
them than with others in proportion to their numbers, But
