GENERAL ELECTION.

STAFFORD, JULY 31.

The election for this borough commenced on Friday
morning; the polling went on with great spirit during the
day, and at the conclusion the numbers were as follows:
Mr. Gisborne 4BB
Mr. Campbell 441
Mr. Ifawkes

On Saturday the polling reconsmenced with greater (if
possible) activity than on the preceding day. In such
rapid succession were the burgesses brought forward by the
friends of the different candidates, that by one o'clock there
was not a single resident freeman left unpolled.—(The non•
residents have no vote in the borough.)
At the final termination of the poll the numbers were—
Mr. Gisberne.. 666
Mr. Campbell 6lO
Air. Hawkes 305
The Mayor then pronounced the two former gentlemen
to be duly elected, and they severally returned thanks for
the honour conferred upon them. Mr. Hawkes was loudly
c4lled for, and it was tried. to extract a pledge from him
that on a future occasion he would again offer himself to
the notice of the burgesses of Stafford, when he might
perhaps be snore successful. Mr. Hawkes could not, how-
ever, be prevailed upon to make a promise to that effect.
He said he must acknowledge that be was much dis-
appointed at the result of the contest, as when he
came into the town he was hailed with the applause
and promise of support from thousands; they ap-
peared to be almost unanimous in his cause. From the
enthusiasm that then seemed to prevail, he promised that
he would stand by them until every man had given his
vote; this he had done—what he had promised he had
performed, but he did not intend to pledge himself as to
the future.
The successful candidates immediately after the election
were chaired round the borough, accompanied by a vast
concourse of people, bands of music, flags,. banners, &c.
&e. On Mr. Gisborne arriving at the Swan Inn, he
again addressed the freemen from the windows. After
once more thanking them for their support, he proceeded
to say that his political opinions were what was generally
known by the term liberal. He thought they ought to
be thankful to Ministers for several of their measures,
which were likely to promote the general welfare ; but it
could not be concealed or denied that those measures were
forced from them.—( Hear.) He was most decidedly op-
posed to slavery in every form, and would, on all occa-
sions, do every thing in his power to abolish it. He con-
cluded by hoping he had formed as alliance with the
borough of Stafford that would only terminate in death.
Mr. Caurnstr., at considerable length, addressed the free-
men from the windows of the Star Inn. He thanked them
with all his heart for their exertions in his behalf; they had
this day raised him to the height of hie ambition, viz. one
of the representatives of the people in the Commons House
of Parliament, and he could assure them he would not
abuse the trust they had reposed in him. This, said
Mr. Campbell, is a proud day for Stafford, you have not
been dictated to by Government, or by any Peer, but by
your own unbought and unbiassed suffrages, you have
sent into Parliament the man of your choice.—(Loud
cheers.)—l glory that lam that man.—(Laughter.)—
I should be ashamed of myself were I unmindful
of the kindnesses I have received not only from the bur-
games, but from the whole population of Stafford, it will
never, Gentlemen, be effaced from my memory, and I
shall tell it with pride and satisfaction to my children, I
can assure you, Gentlemen, that no man ever entered, or
will ever enter, the House of Commons more independent
than myself. lam not attached to any man or any party.
I shall be actuated only by a sincere desire for the good of
my ceuntry.—(Cheers.)—These are only promises, bulk.
Gentlemen, I invite you to watch my actions and judge
from them. Pay attention to the votes that I shall give,
see what measures I support and what I oppose ; pay
attention to them, and then tell me if I should again ask
for your suffrages, whether I am or am not worthy of
them....-(Cheers.)---I may be mistaken on some points,
but I tan again assure you that my only object will be
your interests and the interest of the country. Gentlemen,
I bid you farewell.
Major Scarlett, who is a great favourite with the bur-
gesses' wives and daughters, was loudly called for.
Mr. CAurnm. came forward, and said he was very
sorry the Major could not obey the call, as be had left
Stafford, and was then on his way to London, with the
gratifying intelligence of the result of that day'. pro-
ceedings.

Mr:Wurrcom, Mr. Borrow, and some other gentle-
•ten, congratulated the freemen on the result of their
exertions, and expressed themselves certain that Mr.
Campbell would not disappoint the expectations that had
been formed of him.

The band then played " God save the King," and the
immense crowd, after giving three cheers for Campbell,
began slowly to disperse.
The town, during the last week, has been one continued
scene of confusion. It is now beginning to assume its re-
gular d Wiles&

BRISTOL, SATURDAY MonNiNa.
Nothing can exceed the strong party feeling which per-
vades all classes in this city. Last evening a most daring
outrage was perpetrated on the person of Mr. Protheroe,
while he was addressing the people from the windows of
the Bush inn, a thick piece of oak, about a foot long, was
flung with great violence and struck him on the side of
the head. He instantly fell, and was for a short time in-
sensible. During the whole of Saturday his situation
was alarming, but we are happy to state he is now pro-
nounced as out of danger. The confusion that followed
the assault prevented the crowd from recognizing the vil-
lain, A reward of one hundred guineas has been
offered for his apprehension. Davis is certain of
success, for the voters generklly divide with him
and one of the other candidates. Though on the first
day's poll the majority is against Protheroe, yet uo doubt
is anticipated as to the result being in his favour. The
chief supporters of Baillie are found amongst the ship-
wrights and people employed in the docks, who have had
a general holiday; whereas the voters in the interest of
Protheroe are shopkeepers and journeymen tradesmen, who
have not been able to leave their business on Saturday.
FIRST DAY'S POEL....SATURDAY.
Davis. 1,666
Bailhe 1,029
Protheroe
Acland
Stinnes Evexixo.—hfr. Protheroe is much hater,
and intends to attend the hustings to-morrow.

NOTTINGHAM, SATUILDAY NIGHT.
We have commenced here a singular contest. The Lord
Chancellor's Secretary, Mr. Lowdham, aware that there
was pp chance for him, (and especially after the letter of
Mr. Denman, reprobating the idea of blowing at once
both hot and cold,) resigned, immediately lie knew the
electors had accepted of General Sir Ronald Ferguson,
whom the Whig Lord Privy Seal has so unceremoniously
ejected from the Fife Burghs. On Wednesday morning
Mr. Thomas Bailey, an opulent wine-merchant, of strict
Whig principles, and celebrated for literary productions,
presented himself to his fellow-townsmen as a candidate,
and the independents having secured their ascendancy in the
town, are divided among themselves. The nomination took
place yesterday, Mr. Denman being proposed by Mr. Thos.
Wakefield, andbfr. Abyah Bond, and Sirß. Ferguson by Lord
Renege (the late member) and W. Alfred Fellows. Mr.
Bailey's eligibility was admitted, but his declaration cen-
sured as being only a trick of the Tories to divide the
party, and thus to hold back, and thin secure the return
of a member of their own opinions. Mr. Bailey's pro..
poser and seconder could not be heard, and the greatest
part of his truly eloquent address was dumb show; when,
however, he got to that part of his speech which pledged
him ,s a reformer of local as well as national abuses, he
was loudly cheered, and was heard to the end. The show
of bands was in his favour.

TO polling commenced this morning in a booth with
liven approaches (one to every 600 electors, the number
voting at the last contest having been 4,051), a greater
number polled during the day, than on any previous occa.
sion, but that the addition of six more polling bars readily
accounts for. The Mayor, Alderman, Council, and their
immediate dependents, as well as a number of the heads of
the low party, have voted for the Com Mon Serjeant and the
General, as well as a very few of the old Tories. For
Mr. Bailey, the principal men of the old Tory.party have
voted, to put out of question the fear that it was a mere
rust to bring in a candidate of their own, while not more
than six or eight of the liberal party have yet voted for
him. His personal friends are holding back. The radi-
cals atuse Bailey of ratting to Toryism—that is totally
entre he receives the votes of the Tories because be
has eft, been opposed to corporations generally, awl they
are hoOile to the corporation The state of the poll at
110011
Denman
Ferguson 278
Bailey 46
At the close, at ludflast eve,
Denman 632
Ferguson 615
Bailey lO7

Th contest may yet be severe.
It itfaareti that the revoluthinsty movements in Vtance
