That Court having duly considered the correspondence
between the Directors and C.4,,veinmet.t since tie list Court,
and the modifications which had been agreed to in conse-
quence of the resolution of May 3, and appreciating the mo-
tives which had actuated the two chairs, still th.y concur in
the opinion of the Court of Directors, and their minute of
7th June, and request that a copy of the Bill he laid, at the
earliest opportunity, before that Court.
Mr. Rica seconded the motion, and was left speaking.

MPERIALPARLIAMENT

THIS DAY. MONDAY, ,JUTE 10.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

- - -
The SPEAKER entered the House a few minutes
after 12 o'clock.
Mr. BYNG moved that the order of the day for the
further consideration of the report on the Kentish Town
and Holloway Road Bill be read.
On its being read, the How. MEmßEtia moved the inser-
tion of several amendments and clauses, which went
through the several stages.
Sir S. WHALLEY, as one of the Committee,
said be objected to one of the clauses, but the
Committee were told that there was a power, not be-
hind the throne, but before the throne, who
won'd reject the Bill in the other House, if the clause
giving the power of the funds in a self-elected body were
not inserted. In consequence the clause was with re'oc-
tance acceded to, but he hoped that some understanding
would be come to with the other House, so as to facilitate
the passing of road Bills, and regulating the control of
the road funds. _

Mr. HUME concurred in those observations, and said
that until the adoption of the Turnpike Act, the roads
trustees were not compelled to exhibit any of their ac-
counts ; but by that Act, they were obliged to lodge a
copy of their annual accounts with the clerks of the peace.
The Bill and the amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed.
On the motion of Sir R. HILL, the Shrewsbury, Wel-
lington, and Watling-street Roads' Improvement Bill was
read a third time and passed.
Mr. E. STANLEY brought in a Bill for Watching,
Lighting, and otherwise Improving the Town and Harbour
of Maryport.—Read a first and second time, and ordered
to be committed. _ _ _ .

Oa the motion of Mr. HUME, the St. Luke's Poor
Bill was read a third time and passed.
Mr. JOHNSTONE presented a petition from the
burgh of St. Andrew, complaining of the alterations that
had been made by the Committee on the Scotch Law Re-
form Bill. He said that the same disappointment was
experienced in all the Scotch burghs, particularly as re-
garded regulations for selecting the constituency.
Lord WILLIAM LENNOX presented a petition,
signed by 145 of the inhabitants of King's Lynn, in Nor-
flk, praying for an alteration in the mode of clewing
their municipal officers. The Noble Lord said that the
petitioners made one charge which he could not concur
in ; they charged that the election of their municipal
officers was conducted without reference to their fitness for
office ; he had reason to believe that the present members
of that corporation were highly respectable and honourable
men. . .

Lord G. BENTINCK said he believed that no munici-
pal authorities would object to an extension of the coned.
tuency to the respectable householders, but with regard to
the present petition, he entreated the House to look at the
conduct of the parties. The members of the Corporation
of King's Lynn were a most respectable body of men, and
be entreated that the House would not take it for granted
that all the sweeping charges of corruption in corporations
were true. Ali the corporation funds and charitable funds
that were intrusted to the Corporation of King's Lynn were
most scrupulously laid ont in the way they were intended
to be; indeed, a great portion of the corporation funds
were laid out for objects for which, strictly speaking, a rate
ought to be levied upon the inhabitants. The petition
had been chiefly promoted by two individuals named Hare
and Reynolds, and of the conduct of those persons the
House would judge, when they were informed that in
1826 Mr. Hare endeavoured to get Mr. Reynolds his
freedom, alleging that Reynolds had served a 7 years' ap-
prenticeship to him, when in fact it appeared from the
watermark of the alleged deed of indenture that the
paper could not have been manufactured for two years
after the date that appeared upon the face of it. The
opinion of Counsel was taken, and by their advice a pro-
secution was commenced against those two persons for a
conspiracy, but upon their expressing contrition, and pay-
ing the costs, the corporation consented to stay further
proceedings. He trusted now that he had said quite
enough to enable the House to judge of the dependence to
be placed in the promoters of the petition.—(Hear.)
Mr. BANNERMAN presented a petition from the

females of Aberdeen against slavery.
Mr. A. JOHNSTONE presented a petition from the
General assembly of the Church of Scotland, against the
System of Government National Education in Ireland. The
Hon. Member deprecated any plan of education that did not
admit persons of all persuasions to the enjoyment of its
benefits.

An flox. MEMBER regretted that an enlightened as-
sembly, like the petitioners, should have sanctioned such
petition, one that he believed had arisen from political
feelings, and been got up for the purpose of embarrassing
Ministers. _ _

Mr. HUNIE trusted the House would not sanction the
prayer of a petition, the tendency of which would be to
put a stop to a system whose operations were going on
well in Ireland. _ _ .

Mr. A. JOHNSTONE defended the conduct of the
petitioners; denying that they had any such ebjects in view
in presenting the petition as those stated by an Hon.
Member.
Dr. BALDWIN opposed the prayer of the petition.
Mr. JOHNSTONE explained.
Mr. APLEOD had supported the Ministerial measure
of Irish education in all its stages in that House. It was
substantially an experimental p'an, and it had succeeded,
considering all the obstacles which had been thrown in
its way, far beyond iris mast sanguine expectations. He
therefore deplored the sentiments which the General
Assembly had, on the present occision, expressed.
The majority of Presbyterian ministers in Scotland
especially of the Dissenters, who were inferior in respecta-
bility and numbers to no body—not even to the General
Assembly—he knew was decidedly in favour of the system.
Mr. FINN congratulated the Government on the suc-
cess of their measure of Irish education. It was due to
them, while he disapproved of their general conduct, that
he should express his gratitude and thanks to them on
the present occasion.—(Hear, hear.) The system bad
been fairly tried and had succeeded, and would be produc-
tive of Pleat advantage to Ireland.
Col. L. HAY vindicated the conduct and sentiments

- .
of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, and
stated, in proof of their liberality of feeling towards
Roman Catholics, that they were the first public eccle-
siastical body In Scotland which had petitioned in favour
of a removal of their civil disabilities.
After a few observations Irom Sir A. AGNEW and Mr.
LALOR, the petition was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FINN gave notice, for the 4th of July, of
a motion declaratory that it is expedient to impose
a tax on Irish ab..enteeism, the produce to be ap-
plied in public works, in order, as far as possi•
ble, to compensate the labouring classes for the
disadvantages they have incurred by the withdrawal of
capital from that country. The Hon. Member also gave
notice of a motion for the save day for a resolution of
the House to the effect, that the salaries of the Irish
Judges ought to be reduced to the amount received in
1792, having regard to the compensation subsequently
give❑ them in lieu of fees.
SIR THOMAS TROUBRIDGE.

Mr. COBBETT said that he had a petition to pre-
sent of considerable importance, and containing charges
of a very grave nature against an Hon. Member
of that House. The petition was from the electors of
Sandwich, and as it contained charges, if true, which
would render Sir Thomas Troubridge ineligible to sit in
that House, he (Mr. C.) had thought it his duty to make
every inquiry into the subject before he presented
the petition. At the head of the signatures of
that petition was the name of Captain Owen, whom he
(Mr. C.) had made a point of seeing on the subject, who
stated his contest wish that the petition should be pre-
sented, and had given him (Mr. C.) his reasons for sign-
ing the petition in writing. The Honourable Member
proceeded to read the whole of the petition, which
asserted that Sir Thomas Troubridge was ineligible to
sit in that House, as he had impos.d upon the Lords
Commissioners of the Admiralty, and had procured for
himself appointments under them worth 6,000/.a year, by
means of a false registry, which stated that he was more
than 21, when he was only 17, and by means of which
the Orders in Council were evaded, and Sir Thomaa
Troubridge promoted. The petition prayed that the
House would institute an inquiry into the subject.
He (Mr. Cobbett) did not take upon himself to assert
that the allegations of the petition were true, because he
had from the beginning been careful not to commit him-
self upon them—(Hear)—but he would read to the
House a letter he had received from one of the parties which
had signed the petition. This letter, as we understood him
to say, was from Cipt. Owen, and stated that his motive for
signing the petition was for the public good, as Lis so
