CHURCH PATRONAGE, SCOTLAND.

RESOLUTIONS INTENDED TO BE PROPOSED BY MR.
SINCLAIR, ON TUESDAY, JUNE 4, 1833.
" 1. That under the system of Lay patronage, existing in
the Church of Scotland (a Church in principle and constitu-
tion essentially popular), a very large proportion of its Minis-
ters is appointed either by the Crown or by private individuals,
who, according to that system, need not be members of the
Church, or possess any residence or local interest in the pa.
rishes over which they exercise this right.
" 9.. That although many patrons have very laudably con-
sulted the wishes of the people, and are distinguished by their
intelligence and private worth, the nomination of parochial
incumbents may fall into the hands of individuals, deficient in
moral character, indifferent to the Christian religion, or hos-
tile to the Church establishment ; and that, in Humorous in-
stances, individuals have been appointed to the pastoral office,
who possessed neither the confidence nor the affections of the
congregations on which they have been imposed.
" 3. That the Act of 171'2, by which the right of patronage
was restored, is considered by the people of Scotland as a per_
nicious infringement upon their dearest rights ; and that their
numerous petitions for its repeal, instead of arising from any
want of attachment to the National Church, are dictated by
their sincere affections for its doctrines, and their anxiety for
its permanence and prosperity.
" 4. That patronage, besides being deemed an intolerable
grievance by many of the most eminent Ministers, and most
zealous members of the Church of Scotland, has been the chief
cause of the secession, which, in the last century, deprived
that establishment of some of its brightest ornaments, and is
the main obstacle to the return of many zealous advocates of
Presbyterianism into its communion.
" 5. That the people of Scotland are justly entitled, as well
as fully qualified, to select their own Pastors, and that it
would, therefore, be expedient to repeal the Act of 10 Anne,
and take such further measures as shall have the effect of
placing the domination in the hands of the parishioners, being
members of the Church, under such limitations as may be
deemed conducive to the welfare and stability of the esta-
blishment.

We have heard that Mr. MACAULAY has
resigned his seat at the Board of Control for India, in con-
sequence of his not being satisfied with the Ministerial
plan for the gradual extinction of slavery in the West
Indies.— The Town.

A little boy of the name of SAVAGE lately
met with a dreadful death at Catchem's Corner, near
Sedgley. He had gone with his mother to a coal-pit, end
(luring her temporary absence, unfortunately got entangled
in the machinery, and, being drawn between the pulley
and the chain, hid his head literally severed from his
body. When the mother returned she found his head
and body lying a yard apart. A verdict of " Accidental
death" was returned.-- IVolverhampton Chronicle.
WEAVING TRADE IN PAISLEY, MAY 1.
—The principal branches of the trade of this place have,
in the course of the past month, undergone a considerable
reduction in the price of weaving. Silk Trimmings.—
These fabrics have suffered a depreciation in the }nice of
weaving in the past month. A reduction of twenty-five
per cent. has taken place. Some houses, however, are
paying at the table price; others are from 21 to 3d. per
cover higher. Though the price has fallen, no scarcity
of employment is felt in this department. Flushed Trim-
mings.—These have been visited by a like reduction as
the preceeding. In the same manner, some houses are
paying at the table price, while others are a little higher.
Common Imitation Shawls are a shade better tha❑ they
were in the previous month. As they experienced no
rise in the late improvement, so they felt no reduction.
Thibets are steady in requisition. No diminution or
addition of hands has taken place of late. Zebras are
considerably brisker. A number of new hands have
been agreed for them, and more are sought after. Blue
Dresses have revived much, and several agreements have
been made, with a wish to add more. Silk plain Mid-
,no.--These have for some time been superseded by the
Thibets for the middle of shawls, &c. A few of them
have been taken on within these few days, and are likely
to be increased. C triton Crapes remain steady. Com-
mon Allovers and Sprigs may be reckoned stationary.
Harness Petticoat Dresses have improved a little; not
many new hands have lately entered this department.
Rove Shawls still maintain their former liveliness.
Agreements may readily be got. Transparent Silk Gauze.
—With one principal house, these fabrics are fiat. Others
iu the line show some activity, and give their weavers
constant employment....Seotsmiin.

LONDON,
MONDAY EVENING, MAY 13, 1833.

Since the article which appeared in The Sun
of Saturday, respecting the Ministerial plan for
the abolition of slavery, was written, two of the
heads of that plan have been published in greater
detail, or rather, those heads have been defined.
The following is the first head of the plan we
gave on Saturday, elongated in the manner we
have described :

" That every slave, upon the passing of the intended
Act, shall be at liberty to claim. before the protector of
slaves, custos of the parish, or such other officer as shall
be named by his Majesty for that purpose, to be registered
as an apprenticed labourer, and shall thenceforth immedi-
ately enj ,y all the rights and privileges of a freeman, shall
be capable of giving evidence in all courts, criminal as well
as civil, and as well against their employers as against any
other person., of serving upon juries, and in the militia—
of attending whatever place of worship or teacher of
religion lie pleases, and shall have and enjoy all other rights
and privileges whatsoever of a British subject."
The second alteration defines what is to be
understood as a clay's work. It says :

" That in consideration of food and clothing, and
such allowances as are now made by law to the slave, the
labourer should work for his master three-fourths of his
time, leaving it to be settled by contract whether for
three-four he of the week or of each day. That by a day
is here unders•ood only t. n hours, seven and a half of
which are to be for the master as above, in consideration
of food, clothing, and lodging, and that all the time above
such ten hours is not to be affected by these regulations."
The additions to the first head are natural co-
rallaries to the cessation of slavery, and the se-
cond contains a definition which it was desi-
rable to have ; but the chief point on which
we felt difficulty still remains in considerable ob-
scurity. We allude to the money part of the
affair. It is true that the Times has an official
article this morning, which we have given in
another column, in which the matter is attempted
to be elucidated, but, after reading it with Brea
attention, we cannot find a word as to how the
money is to be raised, and little as to
how it is to be repaid. The 15,000,0001. is
calculated, we are told, as ten years' purchase of
the net returns of the West India proprietors.
We suppose that by " net returns" we are to
understand the profits on cultivation after all
expenses are paid, and not what remains to the
landowner after the payment of those expenses
and of the interest on the mortgages already on
his property. Now it is well known that most
West Indian estates are mortgaged to nearly
their full value. We may presume that the
Commissioners to be appointed by the Treasury
would not accept of an estate so mortgaged as
the security for any part of the loan, without an
undertaking to pay off the old mortgages. Bu
suppose the planter should refuse to pay off his
old mortgages ; or suppose, what we believe
will be found to be the case, that some of the
West India proprietors should be glad to take
the loan, resolve not to repay it, and leave the
Government to seize the security. In that case
the Government would be burdened with a
property it might find a difficulty in getting
rid of, for we believe there would be few buyers
of West India property at 10 years' purchase
In fact, the more we consider of the plan the
more we are struck with the difficulties which lie
in the way of its execution. At the same time
we are bound to acknowledge that some of the
difficulties have been got'over in a most inge-
nious manner. We particularly allude to the
mode in which the master is enabled to be trusted
with fixing himself the value of the slave. We
think also that the period of twelve years, as the
term of preparation for the final and entire eman-

cipation of the slaves, is judiciously chosen. It
steers a middle course between those who, heed-
less of all consequences, want immediate and
entire abolition, and those who want such a de-
lay as would be equivalent to telling the existing
generation of slaves that their only chance for
freedom lay in murdering their masters. This
assurance of slavery being annihilated within a
' given period of moderate length, and of the
slaves immediately acquiring all the rights of
British subjects, with the exception of being
compelled to work for a given number of hours
in the day for a particular master, instead of for
one of their own choosing, are the fundamental
principles of the measure. We need hardly say
that no departure from them will be tolerated.
Of the details, so much will depend upon the
manner in which they are worked out, that we
must still forbear saying anything upon them.
We must say, however, that we go a great way
with Colonel EVANS in deprecating the pay-
ment out of the revenues of this country of the
police establishment in the West Indies. Any
temporary increase of military force that may be
necessary, by way of extreme precaution, this
country would, we have no doubt, cheerfully
agree to ; but we cannot suppose that men who
have been kept in a state of slavery by the pre-
sent police establishment—who have been treated
like brutes—who have suffered themselves to
be bought and sold—who have been compelled
to give their whole labour to others, are likely to
prove more discontented, when treated in some
degree like rational beings, when compelled
to give only apart of their labour to others, and
having before them the near prospect of freedom.
To any thing, therefore, which shall bear the
appearance of throwing the expenses of the civil
government of the West Indies permanently upon
this country, we must most decidedly object.

Since we last adverted to the subject of the
house and window tax, pointing out their
monstrous partiality, the metropolitan constitu-
encies have not been idle, but have, by different
proceedings, testified to his Majesty's Ministers
that they can no longer be maintained upon their
present footing, if at all. The defeat of Sir
JOHN HOBHOUSE in Westminster, on this sole
ground, ought to be a sufficient warning to them
of what they may expect ; at any rate, it ought
to convince them that the meeting in South-
wark this day, and those which have passed,
although unaccompanied by the least violence,
really mean something. Let them not be de-
ceived either by the majority they obtained
when last the question was before the House,
or that which they may possibly obtain to-night,
should Mr. TENNYSON'S resolution for the
repeal of the house and window tax come on.
As sincere friends, we warn them that the only
condition on which they can preserve these taxes
is to equalize them—to let the mansion pay as
much in proportion as the shop,—to put the peer
and the tradesman on the s►me footing.

We hear, from various sources, that the plan
for the abolition of slavery in the West Indies,
which was submitted to a meeting of Members
of the House of Commons in Downing-street,
on Saturday, did not give satisfaction to the
majority ; and that the abolitionists were even
more dissatisfied with it than the West India
proprietors, on the ground of the restrictions of
time, &c., imposed upon the slave. They say
that by making the emancipation of the negro
dependent on his labour, Ministers assume that
he will exhibit a greater portion of intellect and
industry under a West India sun, than the
labourer of this country would show were he
in slavery, and his .freedom dependent on a
course of persevering toil. Mr. FOSVELL
BUXTON'S party in the House of Commons
being very numerous, it is said that it will be
almost impossible for Ministers to carry their
plan through without his support, or that of
the opposite party, the juste milieu being, in
this instance, a policy which will not stand
by itself.

The Dutch question seems to have been al-
most forgotten in the bustle of the East. M.
I)EDEL, however, has announced that he is in
hopes of soon receiving instructions from his
Government, which will allow him to treat a
little less reservedly with Lord PALNIERSTON
and M. de TALLEYRAND.

Official accounts have been received from
Oporto, to the 2d inst. At that time every thing
wore a cheering appearance on the side of the
Constitutionalists, and authentic information had
been received from England, stating that al-
though the British Government still refused to
adopt the cause of Donna MARIA openly, her
agents had latterly found much less difficulty in
making their arrangements for its support, the
" balance of neutrality" beginning to weigh on
the Constitutional side. At the date of the
last accounts from Oporto, Don PEDRO was
only waiting for remittances, to conclude his nego-
tiation with SARTORIUS ; consequently, before the
Miguelite fleet can reach Oporto, SARTORIUS
will be in active and cordial co-operation with
the REGENT.

Captain Bo-YD, the Secretary and Staff
Captain of SARTORIUS, arrived in town on
Saturday night, at twelve o'clock, from off
Oporto ; he left the squadron there, while blowing
a gale of wind, and came in the Jane, a small
cutter, and landed at Falmouth with despatches.
The negotiations between SARToRWS and
PEDRO were nearly brought to a conclusion,
and harmony was restored between them. Thirty
vessels were off the bar with supplies, and every
thing on shore and in the fleet indicated a great
change for the better. Two days before Captain
B. left, 28 cavalry had come over to Don PEDRO
with all their arms, accoutrements, and horses,
and the desertions from MIGUEL'S army were
taking place by picquets. Indeed, such was the
state of MIGUEL'S army that each sentry of the
regulars had to be himself guarded by a militia-
man, for fear of the former deserting, which
was very common ; in fact, one man was obliged
to shoot his comrade, in. order to be enabled
to effect his escape. On the 20th, Don MI

Aldboroligh
Boston
Chichester
Colchester
Harwich
Leigh
Maldon
Exeter
Hastings
Hull
Ipswich
Kent
Louth

435
1865

Lowestoft
Lynn
Newhaven
Poole
Southwold ......
Stockton
Wells
Whitby
Wisbeach
Woodbridge
Yarmouth
Aberdeen
iserwick
Cromarty

56
25
120
37

a-4)
13

;<-9d

I RIMY.
Dubli❑
Sligo
Youghall

6409:1

FOREIGN.
Calcutta
Dantzic
Hamburg

3453

Total

AGGREGATE
Rye, o—Tares,

3453

QUANTITY OF OTHER Rl'
1749—Rapesee(
Mustard. o—Seeds. 64.

~." I ;
1

1/
0.1

lkes
itt,r, he;
Neat

Prime
PRICES
o I
ttnrdlaesdq:euosatwls
i,rat
B,ysE
cday.
ieSt.rtisy.:. le''' II:lit
This day's supply of each kind of fat stock,f,A et e
advance, Mutton at a depression, of front • ffrf, iAs
with Veal and Pork, at Friday's quotations. 50% lli %i %111
IPnrfiemßrie:larassrtg.h.e:pxien STONE OF
lifill'b: 1:13:i4 t,.,
hi,..,'" 56 11 'tit
Inferior Beasts
5333. dlO6O. t°
33:
dBBO. . La
rirm7 eee csSal ri,:e 61C, otati.°l:: 5 lur ' 1441,,Lti41;
Second quality dsitteo,l43,
a4Ond
143.62b,571 Small PH:eir,;se.; '''''''''''''' 4 k )7e 1
Coarse.woolled ditto 4 0 4 3 Suckling Ciaings fr„r, / fit
SouthdownWethers 4 6 14 8 Quarterol. olgt.
0)0 ;sods
SUPPLY, AS PER CLERICS sTAI Ini to
2,150 1 Cal ~roli lh
About 40 of the beasts came up the Sit*ol/330090;11.4(Af 44,111:
60 up the other northern roads; about
about; o iy, &41 t
from the western and midland districts; 31,,,,ue 01 -qict,
folk, Suffolk, Essex, and Cambridgeshire joi tti A
and Sussex ; and most of the remainder Ir°
get/ t
in the neighbourhood of London,
Li, 0A- kll (41'
NEWGATE AND LEADENI-lA__, tI I
At per stone, by the Ca.`"" ,'i It I it,
.. d. to nfeli?r",! /i 1 ko
Beef, inferior
middling 2 6 210 ----",,na,1p0c." 5., 9 , ti,
prime large 32 3 6 --------• re '''''''' ..; ' It% '
prime small 3 6 3 8 P0rk,1arga:...,.A....' I il t
Veal 3 0 4 8 ----;42r:c 60. '' 4I I },tid,
Lamb ...................---..................-- 55. Tv .44
rrits.',oo , ' tltry
A GRADUATED PROPERTY
policy would never tax commerce usersi),ol9l 11,1"
on them the prosperity of every c° ~,ion r ,g, il 1
All Government taxes ought to be_A,,roo.-ie,outrisrbleV,,t.,,, Sore
fixed or determined nature, such as lir,., arerf , hv
.7
funds, because the owners of ,uch proPerLioe W
,i, Vor;411
• f the 011'11
depend most on the protection 0 ie li p
Maxims of Napoleon. 03' 0 A
ROC 0 t,) e 1)
market,
nC
MondaylE l E S T E R
last, . -•A t the •el 1110/ ; 1A.,.
which advance the buyers are not wili!nt gen dr" iftt`soi
stahlee, i coarserqualitiesnconsegu en ce of
of geotoohnue's:da; eratyahabe:
ce.fi_.l'.:e_o_ Pt
or. iolee,;fo,;o4
0,1,(14,.,,
a meeting of the inhabitants of Salforidntedr"to geolo,ed /Ot
held on Thursday last, it was dete,rra safari_s out ,r, it:l
the deputy-constable and beadles
to iffielo.r,),o 1,0.1,
fo• ail -'co t % t
rates, as had hitherto been the ens.
ointment
,vp
~ 4 i
this determination is, that the appoinr Nor 1:001,,,, c wt.(
of these officers is provided for by the
er o'd ''',;( I'Ll
The salaries amount to nearly 5001: Pors, ofO cligiilto N,‘
Tuesday last the corpse of a fernaled lee
_,, Iy.' t[it '
canal near Failsworth. The arms an „0060,1 t 4,4
were tied. An investigation of the elc"iverr
course take place before the Corouer...-4"

d

ill continue.:o7l
Z'Augsbu
[BRAOof
I on Atiflo°
i the lj°'

doPL nie3see
on, was Pr
ro€l
proper Poiv
)ffice Oa o
rsons catileo
y, and quit'
ST) eechifY d

that a

le neigh'

........ ,f,)
lIIS DA

iGE.
,od, and °VI fo,°:
'he return ,a 5
' Wheat S)
' other
f Wneat coe3rl
Lnd ratharole.,
.3 is verl_,,j
are unaltt,ce,.
priday's P t
in requ,ro
sale, anui
:t repo

P SHir•
S
all (neA,
(01.,:,„
Tick (nevi),
(014)k)0,
Harrovi
. "01,1
.................. „0.01
Feed ........'
.•
- Nevi •
'oland
'otatoe
evi ....... ,4?
notch •••••'......
r is h ..........°.....
Town We „070
Second,""itri
North Coo

:NG

DUAI

--.--Qrs.

,

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

56
'25
1V
37

.....---°
3347

Co*

~li

... -1,
1

r
----- itiv
4.277 of
iR #oo
110,,v,.
--
Liiebee“
8. CA,

Lag-P:l'o4
A
stock _ and
t eciP 4a. r
citii po. to 1,0,
rtri°orinis. 0.f1k1,,,
sIS% °i/
ail--3 pie- 4
.n 1 C„
tco3q,,tittch
sma"
sTAlg'i )1).:
r
110 wan Idiv/$1
), sr. 780 cirrvil
tN
te:3;l;:tl',3`,,jitte4:: It'#o
t 0 ttl
e
,
0' p,ll
;ALL. go
, large .........
.arnell•g; ....
•
, ,)oft°
- 1 pe
or t
n'a"° "PIY Cdr
,untry
laid °"
A_ ho
$ 110. P are tb
prO?CriYooff
the

/
,_,131e iip'l)ll'
le business
fine Ice litr4l.rll4
)ee in P 004'4
villing 14(;01,, Yi
~,
ford, ia gecee,o,
mined of
salaries The ft:4;
dr,
stonl•
of an
Jl~,l
the l'4e onotij
)0/. Per foo"be
orof (1
ed
leg I,ol'
anireo°P4ol/11
]e C fiiver,

!APING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.)

FROM LLOYD'S,
- 11 AND 12.—Wind S E.—Rear-Admiral
,Pe.cted to take the command or the combined
13"'ns. The Hector, Charles Brook, and
"Ind, sailed at five, A.M. Arrived from
sailed, the Earl Morley, for Quebec ; tran-
fir the westward ; and George, for the

'li, MAY 11 AND 12.—Wind light and via-
his 'Majesty's steamer Dee, for Lisbon,
inairal Sir P. Malcolm on board ; and his
Butyo, for Van Diemen's Land.
Dler 10 Awn 11.—Light breezes.—Ar-
-I"tY'e ship Hyacinth, from Portsmouth for
; Prowler, M'Doual, from Galipoli ; and
off Oporto—sailed Ist instant, with
Sailed (10th) his Majesty's steamer Confiance,
10,1 Lisbon ; Firefly steam-packet, for the
; and the Ellipse packet, for the Brazils,

MAY H.—Arrived the Tampico, Weston,
Ayres; Algonquin, Cropper, and Mary
'erbY, from New Orleans ; Trial, Warnock,
and Swift.ure, Wild, from Smyrna. Off
igeia, from Jamaica; and Caledonia, Gra-
e%v York.
MAY 12.--Arrived the Isabella, M'Coll,
MAY ll.—Arrived the Enterprise, from Rio

't I 1. --Arrived the Cecilia, Hepburn, from

•AY lE.—Arrived the Mary, James, from
Alniej, Evans, of Aberystwyth, reports
• large brig on her beam-ends on the evening
14t.) at Wicklow Head, W.N.W. distant about

(411,
ondMay 11.—Arrived the Wharfinger,
min Lon.
d' MAY 11.—Arrived the Waterlilly, Riley,
in'erw°°(ll and Foyle Packet, Hutchins, from

4
i.lttia MAY 12.—The Annette, Kaster, from
"941; " been towed in here, with loss of foremast,
LSC3 " in contact with a vessel' off the Galloper.
d1:111,ill°"11, MAIO .—The Vintage, Dixon, from
latatel been roght ino his harbour in
"aving bebenuassisted offt a very
Whitby Rock.

A
EXPLOSION IN A MINE.
Dla~aj3e.SET7iN PERSONS KILLED.
e 4t4ur'claY last, a most lamentable occurrence took
4°,' tordi,PringWell Colliery, the property of the Right
4:ti" `‘avensworth and partners, near Wreckington,
°,,-4:tY of Durham, and about five miles from N. ew.t-
i,,t4t 111'°g to a dreadful explosion in the B pit, in
'llltact,""Ya by which forty-seven indlviduls were
deprived of lifeof besides many who received.
u,l4etures and 'contusions., This colliery is. or! a
14, tt„ltentive scale, and, from its complete ventilation
11t4t-1 Part of the workings, was admired
.by all
the qaengaged in the undertaking. On the morning ofn
`lPtftiir tht accident happened, it had, as usual, been
441,1 Z examined by the under-viewer and over-men,
11,1'et,h,-'ared quite safe. About eight, a. m., one of the
Ihr„e4 observed 'that a collier had pricked a blower
f,
crevice in. the roof), from which a small quan-
)lfi'4'mable as issued ; he instantly ordered
'ftth e
Citilt
•eave that gpart of the mine, and on returning,
after • • mied by th under-viewer, he
114:"`Perceive ,anaycidoainner but as acmessure of precau-
itlt°:l,"ed the safety lagmp, to he used instead of candles,
Se","ich the mine had been worked, owing to the ex-
W-4'4Y of the air The colliery consista of. two. p.its,
1-44, although_ containing but one. shaft, whic:i divides
4,4.4 p a strong and formidable piece of wood-work,
410; a htattice About 2 o'clock on the above day, the
1111 ti ~15.4111100 d was alarmed by one of those dreadful. ex-
'44lo'B° peculiar to the coal-mines in this district, and
4 . dr
thr: n nied brattice was dashed to pieces, and many
Al " out of the mouth of the shaft.
1114 t.:"°4 as the larm subsided, parties of brave fellowds
to descend the mine, 126 fathoms deep, an
4fjunat 'y • eded in rescuing several who. were
14 injUreed,auncdcealso found three dead bodies, but
tik;l*lt the havoc created by the explosive matter,P and
°lPlire state of the mine owing to the after da.m ,that
Sk!'nlL'g'ta d not enetrat any cosiderable way into the
and at seven o'clock last night, only eight of the
IL' of the sufferers had been recovered, consequently_
Villain in the mine,
and with them the sad secret n
14%tastrophe ; not one person having survived todispel
f
/14:1tpl' d °F mystery that hangs over this dismal affair.
• sf aiuruhers of people visited the colliery in the course
4ttttednY; and at five o'clock in the afternoon a re-
tt i'4le Jury assembled, to hold an inquest on the body.
141:; " Oliver, a fine lad, who had been found dead in
/4h,rbt Where his father at the same time lost his life.
tittp-'aring evidence, the Jury returned a verdict of
441 Death.--. Newcastle Journal.

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
qtei:° fresh arrivals this mornin are the Buenos
to the 18th of Februargy, received at the
th-rw South American Coffee-house, from which we
.'l'irtel°ll'"ving statement of the public accounts of the
t\t'l4the °', Buenos Ayres to the 31st of December, 1832 :
tlte last year receipts were 10,657.322 dollars Si
kAlis"ll the expenditure was 12.200,397 dollars.
1\4°411-i4leer° of yesterday contains an official docuistment,
4:4l,ethg the resignation of Jose C. Lagos, Miner of
'ltt'te We have not heard that the resign ition has
Is' 411,rpted by the Government.
current that Manuel Garcia is likely again
4i1.411 the financial department,
frPig tif"'e of Representatives, having sanctioned the
et,
'" 'lit a I^,ttl of 1,500,000 dollars, in order to provide
Pi"ition against the Indians, a committee of iner-
er s,; eapitalisis of this city have been named, if pos-
carry the plan into effect.
01113 the THE FUNDS.
4,lllfftelte!tafette from Paris this morning, the onlynefwa
114,111te, the Duchess of Berry's accouchement, o
-',ht al, at which, no doubt, the King of France will
61411,1tt1e pleased.
04ii4°`°,rnation from the East confirms what we were
taiititied With before, and that Ibrahim Pacha was re.
ttiVe h With his army.
e,,ilear that a strong expedition is now collecting in
;Nis! °trY for Don Pedro, to which will be attached
lisetc'teatners, with 3,000 men. This force is to make
kittlltln, and land in the vicinity of Lisbon.
eb ate on the West India question, which takes
ths ei 444torrow night, is looked to with intense interest
Opened as they left off on Saturday, at 871
Account ; since which they have been done at 87ii,
HALF--PAST ONE.
to the t'liderstand that there can be no doubt of the affairs
I'V'ttst being settled, as official information on the
1' has been received at Vienna.
titliti,t,tlTairs of Holland still continue in the same pro.
"lijOted state, which may be attributed to his Dutch
A li‘r,t):% Prime Minister, who is his chief adviser.
'f';) ',ale no fresh arrivals since the early part of the
I:4t4r,Lo,,ns‘ols have been fluctuating during the morning
'1 it to tra for the Account ; at present they are
Th as R°°(ii and may be quoted at 87 s-! with little doing.
the , irietican packet has arrived off Liverpool; sailed
thuth ult. ; papers and lettere not yet received.
'Fe reign Market nothing of consequence. Prices
‘itrie as on Saturday.
Cot,
THREE 0' CL 0 CK.
•• for the Account, 87%
4):4131!) 11.—The workmen have coin-
, 40,"Rthening the pier 500 feet.
ail T"bEIISFIELD MARKET.—At this market,
ueo
4d,e14,4Y, there was a very brisk demand for superfine.
Was and the trade of this town and neighbour
1Y d Lge°"ally active, and much business was done in
4-Ftulticut of it. —Halifax Express.
belt till' ~nirAD TO LEEDS.—We understand
ti,,QPeteia", by way of Whitehall, Cleckheaton, &c.,. will
lay' t° the public in July next. Besides being a
1,0 to
,road. than that through Bradford, it is shorter
444 „tit"l", and runs through a very populous and in-
tug district —Halifax Express.
head of jrt E ARISING FROM BOOKS.—At
kutil of ed all the pleasures which offer themselves to the
lorl4 !Iciuksu,ltien, may confidently be placed that d. rived
sf 00 other can stand in competition with it.
tos -tat , • ,
'41.4 greatest bad it in our power to call up the shades
Vile Stith and wisest men that ever existed, to con-
,t.teWe
I,' Orl the most interesting topics—what a pri-
kj^Nest:;°4lll think it ! How superior to all common
et:'ets this bat in a well furnished library we, in fact,
lils4l'eiti ea We can question XENOPIION and C.XSAR
IbLAU'IOre 4,:Paigns, make DEMOSTHENES and CICERO
Nkw °, arid 10in in the audiences of SOCRATES and
ti,t ,Itleceive demonstrations from EUCLID and
sktVest
In% hooks we have the choicest thoughts of
4e drine... In their best dress. We can at pleasure
"a, and open our doors to good sense alone.

t sight of P.O7.'"PING
Ifusing fresh ),
LnToßtus'sgrei;sl
:AL, MAY
ly of all the
re j tiltvaT, the
tour of the
had ier-, Ilt
letter
ive„:nbao
term
uEL's confo . 13 •
net, ,
le 'Jour,
„I ith "i7sailed
day and Sitt'l ,ce.Adn
f the Doehesi :PA );,,'oship
rent took pls'j 4:41
ltne :I;i4lfajea
the Prinedi
his news )
telegraph, ti) lit4Porto
ft .err,, an
npression.
.) e.an ;
would be lir Lip mean
lobos°
alescent. enA,
60 Gem an, s
f a Morronv Mo,ilmve
11krt; the 'R;
a schetne ti; yv,
chess. That qsl st:ot,
relatives, sod, Jeks Michl
ith. Thst tht:l tatirc,ll,lll4
r;
the matter, ig
?Ain with tbe,? seraPlUA,
Cr the prossgifil bt:lta.
that he ba, c'7o" IN, M 4
slii,l 4i ;
Y means e
t I,ooo,oo°,„crtfr) i,the %„"
Duchess 0(7/1 trip: inst,
tiler near Ills of 4roa,
he marriage/ p fro,
the acte de
e' of akt,
will, of coorg `otidY, Undel
)ear that tberY ,114°.
)4.1,
of the oilif 7, Alt
vity 4,,
ately sating 0, 44,1,1 in
career of the %deg) Sc; eea
al to it thao Nt-hteilo
I'lau
