Zin ..1-t IL

concise, and able exposition of the objects and range
of the society's unbounded operations. Speaking of the
remarkable success which has attended King's College School,
as combining sound religious teaching with useful secular
knowledge, the prospectus says—' The success of that expe-
riment has been such as to afford great encouragement to
those persons who are impressed with the unspeakable im-
portance of directing the stream of a holy as well as a prac-
tically useful education through every channel of social
life,"'&c.

And then the Prospectus goes on to appeal in the
names of the Bishops of WINCHESTER and LONDON
for aid to promote the work. We do not in the
smallest degree blame the Bishops for this ; on the con-
trary, it is essential to their existence as Bishops, and to
the existence of the Established Church, that they should
obtain a complete controul over commercial as well as over
scholastic, parochial, and general education. They
already mould the minds of the nobility at Oxford
and Cambridge, and of nearly all the classes who
constitute our Statesmen, to their will ; but un-
less they can also mould the minds of all the in-
dustrious classes into harmony with those who rule, they do
nothing effectual. That then is their object, and it now
becomes a question of great importance, in the present
rapidly progressive state of society, whether it be safe, even
if it be possible, to mould the minds of all classes
on the principles and knowledge which were common
in the world nearly two thousand years ago. The business
of all legislation is to provide for the future ; over the past
it has no power ; the one business of the Priesthood is to

hold fast the mind to the past, to fix it in one creed, and
bold it to one point ; and between it and legislation, and the
ordained progress of society, there seems to be a complete
oppo.iition. Nothing but misfortune, nothing but misery
and woe, can, in our apprehension, result from the success
of the Bishops.
They say that King's College school has been successful.

In what sense ? It has, undoubtedly, provided for a number
of Reverend M.A.'s— Are parents pleased with it ? We
hear a different story. Are the working masters, not
Nl.A.'s, pleased with it? We have heard of cutting
down salaries on shabby pretences. Are the Profes-
sors pleased ? The world says the College takes the
fees from the pupils, and keeps them out of the
pockets of those who actually deliver the instruction.
The King's College may have succeeded as far as Dr.
OTTER, the Rev. Mr. ROSE, and the Bishop of LONDON
are concerned ; but common report says, that it has not
succeeded for the public and the working teachers. More
such schools, built by subscription, will add largely to the
patronage of the Bishop of LONDON, but we doubt whether
they will promote the happiness of society.

WIT'S WHICH
THE a TRUE SUN" IS NOW
INCORPORATED.

LONDON :
WEDNESDAY EVENING. JULY 4, 1838.

We have received the whole of the Paris Journals of
Monday. Their contents arc of little interest, being
chiefly confined to topics connected with the Coronation
of Queen VICTORIA, The friendly reception given to
Marshal Souvr by the people of England is noticed in
terms of high admiration by most of the Paris Journals.
On the 25th ult., the Countess of DUBOLDERA was tried
before the Court of Assizes at Vannes, for publishing a let-
ter addressed to tier by the Duchess of BERRI, tending to
inei!e the people of France to rebellion. The Countess was
found guilty, and sentenced to pay a fine of 600 francs, and
suffur three months incarceration. The Duke (le NEIIOIIRS
is to return to Paris en the 15th inst. His Royal High-
ness wll proceed to the carrp at Luneville on the 25th ;
ccnsequfntly he will not be in Paris during the celebration
of tli3 .‘ three glorious days."

If the Marquis of QUEENSBURY has resigned the Lord.
Lieutenancy of Dumfries-shire, as is reported, which we
understand is very doubtful, it is not from the public rea-
son mentioned by the Time:, but from reasons which are
altogether private and r::culiAr to the Noble Marquis.

One of the arguments urged against the repeal of the
Corn-laws in the columns of the Herald, and cchocd by
Lord STANHOPE in Parliament is, that it %could augment
the power of the capitalist, enable hies to beat do an w.,gcs,
and make the labourer still more a slave than at present to
capital. We look on that as a complete fallacy, because
in the long run, food, clothing, and locking constitute the
actual payment of wages. The money passes from hand to
band, and the prime necessaries of life which the
labourer purchases are his real wages. Now, the sup-
position of those who contend for the retention of the Corn-
laws is that to abolish them, more food from all quar-
ters of the world would be offered to our people—that i 3
more real wages—and there being more real wa;es to di-
vide amongst the labourers, it is Vain that the share of
each man would be increased. 1.11 other words the total
abolition of the Corn-laws would n)t, as Lord STANHOPE
and the Herald assert, lower wages and increase the power
of the capitalist. It would raise wages ar.d diminsh that
power relatively to the labourer, by introducing more com-
petition amongst the owners of food—the real money in
which wages are paid—to dispose of it.
But supposing the arguments of the ad•meates cf a
general plunder, by means of the Corn-law, be correct-
there is one great difference between the po.ver and opu
lence of the capitalist and the power and opulence of the
landlord, which our contemporary of the Herald and Earl
STANHOPE overlook. So far as the Corn laws are con-
cerned, the wealth of the landlords is-maintaine 1 by a direct
tax on the food of the people, but there is no such law to
maintain the profit of capital. Rent is pail by taxation
profit is the result of free bargain and sale in the common
markets of the world. There is no law to enhance the
rate of profit ; the Corn-law is expressly intended to increase
rent. Certainly there are laws for the protection of parti-
cular branches of industry, such as the silk trade, feliing and
importing Canada timber, the distilleries, sugar growing,
&c., which are intended to increase the profits of those who
engage in them ; but there is no general law to increase
the rate of profit, like the Corn-law to increase the rent of
the landlord. The only general law that we are ac-
quainted with, affecting or intending to affect the rate o
profit, was the usury-law, the object of which was notf
to increase but to limit the rate of interest, and, like the
Corn-law, it was passed for the advantage of the land-
owner. It did not say interest shall not be less than seven
per cent.—it said that it shall not be legal to take more than
five, so that the law which enhances rent by taxation takes
cite t0i:414.1.1W the rate of interest. On account of the special
laws protecting some branches of industry, the landlords
have no more claim for a similar protection than any other
class. Their interest is only affected as consumers,
and the humblest artizan who drinks tea to support
nature three times a-day has more reason to demand
protection on account of the sugar duties and bounties,
example, than the largest landowner of England. We,
..owever, are no advocates for the special and vexatious
monopolies adverted to ; and the public will make a great
progress towards getting rid of them, by first of all abolish-
ing that master monopoly which the landowners now have
of the supply of food.
Now, the fact which the Herald loses sight of
in its railing, and Earl STANHOPE in his delight
in his own sonorous declamation is, that the Corn-
laws are inflicted on us by the Legislature, while
the influence and power of capital, supposing them to
exist to the injurious extent described by the Editor and
the Peer, are the' results of natural and inevitable causes.
They exist, in fact, in spite of the usury laws. For the
misery and slavery, whatever they may be, caused by ca-
pital, the Legislature is not immediately responsible ; it is
directly responsible for the existence of the Corn-laws,
and all their horrible consequences. The public has a
full right, therefore, to demand a total repeal of the
Corn-laws at the hand of the Legislature ; and when
that is accomplished, it may possibly be wise to con-
sider if any legislative measures can remedy the influence
of capital, as a counterbalance to which the Herald advo-
cates the continuance of the Corn-laws.

The following. are extracts from the Journals :

The Texps enumerates the cases in which, since 1830, and
even before the new privilege of which the Chamber of Peers
is possessed, that body has judged :—During the fifteeis years
of tic restoration it only adjudged the process of Marshal
Ney, of Louvel, and the military conspiracy of the 19th
August. In the eight ye;:rs succredin7, it has judged :—ln
1830 the case of Polignac, and the Ministers of Charles X.
Same year the proce,is Kergorlv, for offence of the laps of the
Press by a Peer. In 1831, the process Montaiembert and
Lacordaire. In 1834, the April affair. Same year the affair
of the National, for offence of the Press against the Chamber
of Peers. In 1835, the Fiesehi affair. Same year the affair
of the Tribune and the Reformatcur, for offences of the Press
against the Chamber of Peers. In 1834, the Allbaud attempt.
Same year, that of Meunier. Nearly every year, up to 1836,
Las produced a trial before the Chamber of Peers : it looks as
if one brought on another.

TOULON:JUNE 28.—The English fleet, commanded by Ad-
miral Stopli,rd, is nrrived in our loads ; it consists of four
ships—the Princess Charlotte bearing the Admiral's flag ;
the Vanguard, the Rodney, and another vessel, a frigate, a
brig, and a steamer. So much had been said of the fetes to
be given on the occasion of tha Coronation of the Queen of
England, that great things were expected ; ai s et, nothing
has taken place but an exchange of salvo; of artillery. Some
4,000 francs worth of powder has been burnt. They still talk
of a banciut t to he given to our officers by the English, and a
return on their part.
Lieut.-Gen. Dclatre died yesterday at Paris at the age of
62 sears. He was Aide-de-camp to General Kleber in
Egypt. and afterwards served ten years in the Imperial Guard.
—Le Commerce.

We stated on the 11th ult. that it was wrong, to make
the Established Clergy responsible for the knowledge and
morality of the people, and not give them complete con-
troul over every branch of education. We added, " that
the position of a State-endowed Clergy drives them on
and compels them to acquire a mastery over the whole
knowledge of the people. Between that and boundless re-
ligious liberty—between the voluntary system and placing
the whole education of the people under the controul of
the State priesthood—between a perfectly free-trade religion
and a State monopoly prescribed to its minutest branches
by the Establishment, vba see no possibility of a
compromise." We have, both before and since, on more
than one occasion, directed the public attention to the fact
that the established Priesthood, both in Scotland and Eng-
land, are perseveringly acting on this principle ; and we
must either he prepared to submit wholly to the Priesthood
or place the State religion on precisely the same footing as
that of all other sects. An Established Church and a Priest-
ridden people are correlative facts ; and as our countrymen
will not, we hope, tolerate the latter, they must be prepared
r the alternalive we have just placed before them.
Of the truth or the grasping principle under which an
FstaL ish -!d i compelled to act, the Times of last
111 y iuppl ,d : $
wi h nn example :
A society we were informedl as recently been organised in
London for the e3tablishment and improvement of commercial
schools in the metropolis aru it 4 s b nbs, in connection with
the National Church. Of this nstitution his Orace the
is Pa•rar, the Bishops of London
Archbishop of Cai:tcrbery
and \Vinci:ester are PrcEidente, &c. The prospectus drawn
sip, we believ.?, by the Bishop of London, gives o clear,

FRENCH FUNDS.—Pants, JULY 2.
five per Cents., 1101. 40c. -15 c. 50e.
Three per Cents., SOf.
Thank Actions, 2,525 f. 2,550 f. 2,560 E
flentc de Naples, gBf. coc.
Roman Five per Cents., 101%.
Spanish Actives, 22;4%34.
Belgian Bank, 1,140 f.
Hquan Loan, 350 f.
kscuaricia ON LONDON.
One month, paper, 25f. 42.. c.; money, 251.4234 e.
T!..ree months, paper, 25f. 2714 e.; money, f.'sf. ORia.
LATEST PRICES.
Five per Cents. 110 f. 55c.
Three per Cents. 801.
Bank Actions, 2,560 f.
Romans, 101%.
Aclgian Bank, 1,44 Cf.
Portuguese Three per Cents., 2414.
spaniah Actives, 22%,
Haytian Loan, 35L,f.

German papers of the latest dates have been.received
this morning. The following extracts from them include
all the news they contain of any interest to an English
reader :

BERLIN, Jums 20.—Several boats with emigrants arrived
here a few days ago. They came from Silesia, and were
goieg to Hamburg, there to embark for America. They be-
long to the Separatists, and emigrate, as they say, on account
of the preservation of the true faith. These rigid Lutherans
(the well known congregation of the Rev. Mr. Schirkel, who
some years ago created disturbances which could not be quelled
without the assistance of a military force) pertinaciously re-
sist the commands of the Government, and will recognise no
clergymen except of their own sect. When he was not pre-
sent they baptised their children themselves, and withdrew
from the Church agents whom the) have sent to America
to purchase land in that country ; and, in general, are not
without resources—and are, besides, assisted by wealthy per-
sons of rank. In other provinces also, especially in Pomerania, a
propensity to emigrate manifests itself among the peasantry,
who adhere to the doctrines of the Pietists. These pious
people, however, are for the most part such as pray and do
not work, and in their love of idleness dream of treasures in
America. The Government, however, is careful to grant pass-
ports to those only who prove that they are able to defray the
expense of their voyage, and thus to cure most of them of their
desire to emigrate.—Franconian Mercury.
VIENNA, JUNE 23.—The Prince of Orange is treated with
the most marked attention here. Yesterday his Royal High-
ness received the foreign Ministers at the residence of the
Dutch Ambassador, and was surprised by • visit at his own
apartments from the Archdukes Francis, Charles, and Louis,
and other distinguished persons. The Prince passes much of
his time in seeing whatever is curious and interesting in our
capital. The Emperor, though newly returned, has refrained
from seeing the Prince from motives of the most delicate
kindness.

Colonel Kolowrat will pay a short visit, at the beginning of
next month, to his estates in Bohemia ; thence to Munich,
and afterwards to Inspruck, to accompany the Emperor to
Milan.
TorLITz, JUNE 22.—The Prince of Sayn-Wittgenstein,
Prussian Minister of State, arrived here yesterday. His Ma-
jesty the King of Prussia is expected on the Ist July, Prince
William on the 2d. The Emperor of Russia will not be here
before the 16th. The Princess of Orange will also come in
the course of July.

POLISH FRONTIERS, JUNI 20.—We are now uncertain when
the Emperor will come to Warsaw, or whether be will come
at all, as we had positively calculated on his coming from
Berlin. It is feared the dislike he feels for Poland, amr,,thich
he has so often publicly expressed, still predominates, and
that he will thereby he withheld from visiting Warsaw. If
this should be the case, it can only be lamented that time
does nut manifest its healing influence, and that that lament-
able event could not yet be atoned for. Thus the belief must
become more and more deeply rooted, that unextinguishable
reciprocal hatred fills two nations, which are destined to live
in peace and friendship, and under the same laws. But it
cannot be imagined that a Sovereign like the Emperor Ni-
cholas, whose whole life indicates the most exalted senti-
ments, will not show pleasure, where it can lead to amend.
ment, and to the consolidation of a bond, which it ought not
to have been attempted to break. We cannot, therefore, but
feel convinced that the Emperor will not omit to visit War-
saw on his journey this year.
THE HAGUE, JULY I.—His Royal Highness the Grand
Duke of Baden, travelling under the name of Count Von
Eherstin, arrised here the day before yesterday. His Royal
iiiglariess dined yesterday with his Majesty at the Palace of
the Bosch.
We hare received Java Journals from tl.e 7th to 14th of
February, in which we sce that Lieut. J. R. D. Laumette,
lately ir, command of his Majesty's steam-boat William 1.,
seas fully acquitted by a Court-martial, on the 30.hofJanuary,
of all Name fur the loss of that vessel. The main ground of
the aqui • ttal ti at the Lucifaix islands and reefs are in-
was,
euirecti,) cm the charts, especially that of Hors-

....,
4. -''

•
's,

THE SUN, LONDON, WEDNESDAY, JULY 4, 1838.

burgh, published in 1833, and which is consulted and followed
by all navigators in those seas. The latest accounts from Java
stated that our troops in the isle of Sumatra were on the point
of undertaking an expedition against the district of the Thir-
teen Kottas, and we now learn by letters from Padang, dated
24th February, and received at Amsterdam, by way of Havre,
that the expedition has had all the success that could be de-
sired, and that the inhabitants of the Thirteen Kottas had
submitted to the Netherlands Government. This news was
published at Padang on the 23d of February.
HANOVER, Jura 29.—We have just learned that the General
Assembly of the Estates is adjourned (probably prorogued.)
PETERSBURGH, JUNE 20.—1 t is positively affirmed that the
Emperor will leave Petersburgh again next week, and with
the Grand Duchesses Maria and Olgar, return to Germany,
by way of Warsaw.

DUTCH FUNDS.—AMSTERDAM, JULY 2.
Money. 13,115.
Actual Debt, '2% per Cent
Ditto, ditto 5 per cent.
Amort Syndic, 4% per cent........ 96 97
Ditto, ditto, 3!4 per cent. SO SO%
Commercial Company, 4.4 per cent 1744 181
Ditto (1532 and l 833) 5 per cent.
Loan 1836, 4 1 er cent. —
Ditto 1837, 6 per cent.
Exchange on London, One month l2 21
Two monlis
PRUSSIAN FUNDS.—BnettN, Jtnez 29.
Bills. Money.
St. Schuld. Sch., 4 per cent 10414 102%
Prussian English Loan, 1830, 4 per cent 10 s% 102%
lotchange on London, three monn.s 6 24%
—Prussian State Gazette. June D.
AUSTRIAN FUNDS.—VIEANA, JUNE 23.
Five per Cents. Metalliques
Four per Cents.
Three per Cents.
Bank Shares 145.1
—Allgemeine Zatung, June 1:9.

Brussels Journals of the Ist inst. have reached us this
morning. Advices from Liege of the 30th ult., state that a
report had reached that city that the Prussians had attacked
Venloo the night before, and the firing of cannon having
been heard in that direction for three hours incessantly,
no doubts were entertained as to its correctness. The
Belgian Governor of Venloo had previously received
orders from the KING to suffer no power, under any
pretext whatever to occupy the town, and in the
event of force being employed, to resist in a spirit
worthy of a brave and loyal garrison.
Vie citizens of Liege sent a deputation to King LEO-
POLD, with the following address, relative to the Treaty of
the Twenty-four Articles :
" Sire, —The Treaty of the Twenty-four Articles, which
could not have been made obligatory but by the immediate
acceptation of all the parties, is not only onerous for Belgium,
on account o: the enormous debt with which it burthens her,
but principally, and above all, by the concessions of territory
which it imposes on her.
" Delegates of a city which maintains with the inhabitants
of these territories numerous commercial relations, and con-
sequently feels the liveliest sympathy for them, may we be
permitted, Sire, to express the wish that on the conclusion
of th• definitive teeaty this painful separation will not be
again sanctioned, that the burthen of the debt may be parti-
tioned in a more equitable manner, and in a jester propor-
tion, so that those misfortunes might be averted from Belgium
which an unmodified execution of the twenty-four articles is
likely to give rise to."

Letters and papers from Madrid to the 26th ult. have
been received. The letters state that Senor OLIvARI,
Under-Secretary of the Treasury, had an interview with
the QUEEN REGENT on the 23d, in which he is reported
to have represented to her that any chsnge in the present
Cabinet would he attended With disastrous consequences.
Her MAJESTY heard Lill with marked attention, aipeared
convinced of the justness of hs opinion 3, and assured him on
taking leave that the anticipated changes would not take
place. Such in substance is the statement communicated
to us, and we give it without presuming to vouch for its
correctness.

The Gazette contains a second (Espltch from ESPitR-
TERO, detailing all the glories of his victory at Penace-
rada. This is the only news from the theatre c.f war, with
the exception of the following important announcement :
" TAFALLA, JUNE 19.—The Governor of this fort received
to-day, the 19th, from the chief of the Staff of Gcn. cal
Main the following official letter:—
" Yesterday was a dcy of glory : we have defeatel Sanz,
taking upwards of 500 of his forces prisoners.
" 19th. _ "t MARTINEZ."

" The troop 3 whe have accomplished this victory took
rations here on the iStb, at four o'clock. The enemy sup.
posing them to have retired, and, marching before daybreak,
they surprked the Carlist forces, and drove them before them
like a flock of sheep to Azorriz. Thi3 is the general report.
Our wounded, the number of which LI not known, remain in
the Church of Mcnrcal."

A letter from San Sebastan, of the 27th ult., states tha.
he Carlists are deserting by hundreds to Munagorri.

We subjoin an extract from a letter from Barbadoes
dated the 26th of May, announcing an intention on the'
part of the Planters to emancipate their apprentices on the
26th of June, that the Coronation of her MAJESTY might
be celebrated by a free population. No compliment was
ever paid to a British Sovereign more truly refined than
this, and we have no doubt but that her MAJESTY will so

regard it :
" The last packet took hence a Bill declaring the full and
entire freedom of the negroes of all classes, from and after
the Ist of August next; and it is now in contemplation fur-
ther to hasten the period of emancipation, and free them on
the 26th of June, in order that the Coranation of her Majesty
may date with an event alike memorable and joyous.
The opinions entertained here of the measure, may be
gathered from the fact of the Bill having been passed with
unanimity by a Legislature composed exclusively of landed
proprietors, whose fate and fortune depend on its success.
As to its probable effect on trade, the import branch ought, in
my mind, be considerably benefitted. The slight portion of
freedom conferred on the negro population when they became
apprenticed labourers sensibly bettered their condition, and
enabled many of them to supply themselves with clothing
beyond the rude and few materials to which all were before
confined ; and coupling this effect with their well-known pas-
sion for dress and finery, and with the means of gratifying it
now about to be placed within their reach, you will not, per-
haps, think the opinion unfounded."
