POLICE.

. _
M ANsuni-HousE.----Y es, erday Michael Lvreit
j,
was brought befdre. the LORD MAvoli; clbarged
with being a'receiver,of stnlen. corn. Ro-
berts, a corn-dealer, •stated to his .U:rdF,hip, that
Ile had for sorte dine back' corn from his
stores Very frequently. Suspicion fe.l upon the
prisoner as being the receiver of the 'corn, and
his house %vas, accordingly scarf:he:l. Thrre were
found in it two sacks of barley and oat.; mixed
togethet.. , •
• TheTrisoneTleing interrogated as to the man-
ner in which he came by the-corn, sta're'd to hiS
I,4cr&ship, that he had parcimi,,,il time
back at 13rentford-market from a 7:,n--son whomlie
did not know ; -that on the saute day on whieb he
made the purchase, he sont hiS own sacks 10-r- it
by a little boy who- then lived with, him His
LOrdsliip asked h Im whether :;c coati .the
boy forward to prove the The vrisdtcr
answered:, that the boy had, run away from hi!n,
and could rfot -be found ,a present to oiler .any
'testi:mm.)7'lll)On the business: IES: Lordship thvia
asked the prisoner", what business had taken hilts
'down to Brentford, the reply of the prisoner
very unsatisfactory, and he vvls remanded until
Thursday.

GuiLDHALI-,.,:--Daiiie/ Scutt; 1-wilo'.ii•as charged
,a few clays ago with stealing a great coat from
J. Masculine, a hackney coacrnan, was yesterday
6nimitterl-for trial.- • - •

Mary Martin, for s'teatirika poker from a public—.
bOuse in-Fetter lane was'sent toßridewell for one

month

John 'Williams was brought before the Sitting
Magistrate under the following circumsdnees.:--
About one o'clock yesterday morning, he was ob-
served by Richard Bricks, a watchman, ir,..golden-
Jane, with .a 'parcel in his possession. The watch- -
man, entertaining some suspicion that the contents
of the parcel might have- he stolen, apprehended
the prisoner, and.took.him to the watch-house.—
The parcel contained nine pieces of brass metal,
and part of a brass cock, marked with tbe.letters
F. B. When inquiry was made at the , watch-
Ii611:.;e- as to. the. manner in which the prisoner came
by the 'contents of
.the parcel, he said he found
them in Barbiem The' prisoner was remanded
'until the person could he found froni whom the
things were taken..

MARLTIOROUGU-STREET.-The servant of two
dashing females, residing in Hertford-street,
Fitzroy-square, was charged with stealing a vain-.
able diamond ring, and other articles. It appear-
ed in evidence, that the complainants had Liken
the prisonerinto their service in a distressed state,
and whilst:the'forMer were walking into the city,
she ;decamped with• some 'money left here for the
house ; and it was further discovered that she hats
ransacked abed-room, and stolen-;:.he diamond ring
in question, Which was "traced to hate been pledg-
ed at a pawnbroker's in Oxford-street. The pri-
sonet.waSfully committed for trial: .‘
HATTON-GARDEN. ‘---Yester&iy James Holder
was - brought up and underwent- examination,
Charged with picking a Gentleman's pocket, a few
evenings since, in the'Temple, of a silk handker-
-chief, with which he ran ()if, attempting to make
his escape. He vas pursued; however, and taken
with the property, Which being sworn to, heiwas.
fully committed to- Newgato for trial. •
-

Ann Smith. and Elizab.lth Williams were charged
with, going into the shop of a linen-draper in
High Holborn, on Thinisday, evening, under pre-
tence of buying-some trifling article, when they
took an Opportunity to steal several yards of
printed cotton. ' Being suspected, an otliocr Nva.
procured; who, on searching them, found upon
the. person. of Williams the property.—The
soners were committed.

A young man charged with hunting a bul-
lock in the fields. nea.i.' the Founding Hospital,
which'charge being made mit, he was convicted ;
but on account of -.his -master- With rcliotn- he
lived having given him a good character, he was
fined in the mitigated•penalty of. lOs.

13oiv-sTREET:— Edmund Birkett,"taken into
custody at Coventry, on suspicion or being con-
cerned in twk) forgeries, lately committed- on the
hotise of Robart, Curtis, and Co.-. b-ankers,lion-
don, was yesterday• brout.fi,t to town and eka-
mined:. It appeared: by the te::;tkrony of Je.e<,
miah Goodall; the constable of Coventry, that"..
when he <ecuted the prisoner on the 7th inst. he
found upOn ItTin ix notes of 1001. each, and
Coventry• notes to. the amount of 4001. which he
had exchanged, for foprother bank notfes, of ,1001.
each. The •ten notes of 1001. each were.,lprO-
duced,- and proved to be the • same paid on the
forged-checks on: the sth inSt.' • •
• The prisoner, Nl.-ho declined saying any tieing in
the present. state of the busineis, vas committed
forlarther exarnivastiOn:-. • '
TheColleeting Clerk to the honse of 'Messrs.
Metix and Co. in custody on, a charge having
embezzled divers' sums of motley received for his
employers, was re-examined and fully committied
for trial,: " '

'Thursday evening. Charles. Macdonald .and /Va.-
lictin Robinson were examined and committed, on
a charge of being guilty of certain practices. It
was With some difilanity the illicers could iwotect
them from the fury of the "niob, who had collected
about the office,

NEW THEATRE, LOWESTOFT, SUFFOLK.

On Wednesday evening this Theatre was open-
ed, forr the first time, uluter the management of
Mr. FISHER, with The Jealous Wife and Raising
the Wind.—The Theatre is fitted, up with great
taste and neatuus, and with this additional 'at-
traction, Lowestoft will aiantfully increase its
fashionable visitors. Previous "to the Play, the
following Address was delivered, with considera-
ble erect, by Mr. FISHER.. It was written for the
occasion, by T. GENT, ESQ. of Yarmouth.
" Ladies and"Gemtlemen,"—nol that wont do.
On this occasion we'll bare something new.
Ladies! the Muse appeals alone to you!
Fe, should your smiles, propitious, crown our cause,
Breathes here a man who dares withold applause ?
NO! British 'Beauty's irresistless charms
Satn:iie-bv charter—like the British arms!
Yet, should fame surly Criti4: chance Ue heft.,
Full of the Loadon taste,' alas, I fear
He'll very much our want of, tastederide,
For our Melpomene ne'er learneto ride;
Tilalia,,ton, with all her whims amtgraces,
Has never ran at Covent-Garden Races !
, Strange, too, to tell,•no Elephant we'vegot,
And what's much stranger; it seems wanted.--hat;
For I\larragers who thus disgrace their forces,
Are (entrc nor) a race below their .Horses.
Here, where sad Pegasus, celestial steed!
,Kick'd from his stall by Nags 431.(t5t1e,6 breed,
'Flies off, for such coarse combatants.tmable; • •
leaves Apollo's vaunted faue—a stable!
Gratefhl for faro-ors nast, for those to come,
To you we dedicate this nesv-rais'd
Tho' weak our strength, by your I,intl saucticn gvaed,
We'll strive to rally round the sh: are of Taste;
•
And, like Lieht.Comoanies, dis :erS'd around,
••
When of Cavalry° er-ran t::e. ground.
her, if these Dramatic Chargers conic,
Tho' rode by Tartar, Turk, or Pe.-fo-fata
We'll sally out, ere on this spot they trample,
And ping both Horse and Rider for example.
How sunk the Drama! when with vin pretence, •
Unmeaning sliew usurps the place of sense;
His wonted state let sacred SUAKESPEARZ keep,
And call his " spirits from the vasty decp;"
Still let the Comic Muse adorn. her brows .
With,each fine ti oworet Fancy's held allows :'
Here she still, to duty's dictates true,
Bind up the bouquet, and present to you!
brief the summer which our sojourn lends,
Here friends of summer arc net " summer friends."
For each succeeding. season as it pad .
Brought proofs of kindness; greater than the last.
.0h ! we ever boast the valued weed, -
And our brief summer will seem short indeed.

Scotland, a passage, in which the force and !in-
thority .o 5 this statute is distinctly and fully re-

cogni9-d. -
,His 'Lordship accordingly pronounced an inter‘.
locutor, 4" nndit►g the libel relevant to infer the
pains cif law," and a respectable. JUry wa
nelled to try him for the alleged offence.
The prisoner again judicially adhered to his4for-
mer qualified confession ; and after a short address
in his behalf, in 'which his Counsel dWelt feelingly

on the hardship of the case, the Judge charged the
Jury. He 'stated, that the Court baying,- found
the libel relevant to infer die pains, of law, and
the. prisoner having twice judicially confessed the
facts chargect in it, it was the duty of the Jury to
find a verdict against lam, but it ivas not their
provini!e to take into consideration those circnin
stances which had bi..en so well and so Very ably

stated by the prisoner's . Counsel in mitigatitn 0-f
punishment. It was for the Court to give to
these, if he should be found guilty, all the weight
to which they might fairly appear entitled.. But
his Lordship must say,. that the prisoners had nOt
been taken ny surprise in their business, and that
they were not ignorant of Abe guilt or danger
which they incurred, They had been, expressly
condoned by the Sheriff of ierwickshire., against

persisting in the practice of celebrating irregular
marriages, and his Lordship was informed, that
in one of the cites now the celebrator

had been charged by the father of one of the for-
ties, not to proceed, upon his peri!. 11e -then ad.;•
verted to- the indecency of degrading the soitn:n.
-offices ot religion- for a mercenary -,virpose, unit
taming On a trade contrary to the good order ot
society The Jury then retired, and; in-the cow:se
of a short tune, brought in an unanimous .verdict
of Guilty. -

James Iroggan Angos aho residing in. Cold-
stream, was then hrougitt ,to the har, indicted

- - - ,
under the same statute, air' in the same manner
as the former prisoner. - lie was charged with
-
two distinct-acts of celebrating clandestine Iwir-

riages. The prisoner, with regard to-one of the
charges, acknowledged. the facts relating to the
marriages specified in the indictment, hut said
be dici not volunteer his services, but had -j
,been sent for to be a.ll " insignificant witness" to
the transaction, which he had a right to -as
the consent of parties was, byAbe law of Scot-
land, •t
-the basis of the matrimonial union. •With
regard to the other charge, his falsely-assuniing
the character of a minister, he denied it altoge-
ther ; alleging that he had got a license to .preach
from a class of Presbyterian dissenters in
berland, and bad tor some time, officiated as mi-
nister of a small congregation in that quarter,
but from bad health was obliged to leave his
charge. The Judge allowed him to.sit during the
proceedings, and with great humanity presSed on
him the gratuitous aid of Counsel,'whorn he of-
fered to assign to him for conducting his defence,
but which he peremptorily refused, adding, that
" Like the, great florae Tooke," he would claim
the prix lege Britith subject, and conduct his
own defence. " The Court having pronounced an
interlocutorri of relevancy, another Jury was im-
panellcd to try the prisoner, and as his qualified
acknowledgment amounted, in the opinion of the
(Learned Judge, to the plea of - " Not Guilty,"
witnesses were called, on the part of the, public
prosecutor, to prove the libel. The first wit-
nesses were, two couple who bad been married
by the prisoner, and the peraon in whose house
the marriages ; were celebrated. They all concur-
red deponing, that the prisoner Ny'ts applied to,
because he was in the habit of perforiiiing irregu-
lar marriages, that he had come on being sent
for, that he had gone through the ceremonies of
_prayer,. joining of hands, &c. according to, the
forms of the Church of Scotland, and. that be
expected and received a ice according to the
abilities of the applicants. His certificates, or
attestations of the marriages libelled on, were pro-
duced and identified. The prisoner's previous de-
claration w'As also -identified by David Douglas,
Esq. Sheriff Depute of Berwickshire, and others,
and was re-ad to the Jury. The patina hav-
ing no witnesses summoned for his defence, the
Judge permitted him to call back any of the wit-
nesses for the prosecution who ha&been already .
examined, or to apply to any one in Cpurt. Two
of the former' witnesses were accord:ngly called
back by his desire, who deposed, that in as far as
they knew, he had conducted himself decently, and
behaved with propriety during- his residence in
Coldstream. One df them being asked it he had any

other.visiblc means of livelihood, but the perform-
once of irregular marriages, answered, " not, so
far as he knew." lAeing interrogated by himself,
if he did not know him to be a regular dissenting
minister before he came to Coldstream, answered,
No;" " Had he not heard him preach near
Coldstream ?" "-No, but he heard it reported
that he sometimes preached in the vicinity.." The
other witnesses deposed, that they had heard the
prisoner preach.
The Advocate Deputy made a short address -
to the Jury, and craved a verdict, against the
prisoner_
The panne]. being then desired to address the
Jury, if he had any thing further-to say in his de-
fence, offered to produce some letters and papers,
which the Judge said he might read, though they
could not be admitted-as evidence ;of these, how-
ever, he only read one, purporting to be a certifi-
cate from two persons belonging to Keswick, who
stated that the prisoner was obliged to leave that
place, where he had officiated as a dissenting-mi-
nister, from bad health, and expressed sympathy
for his sufferings. He then made an address of a
desultory nature, rather tending to sheen the legal
validity of irregular marriages in Scotland (which
was not denied), than his own, innocence in ce-
lebrating them. The Judge summed up the evi-
dence with
.ability and candour, and the. Jury
found the charge specified in the indictment
proven.
The prisoners who had been formerly at late
on bail, were both committed to prison after the
verdict of the Juries ; and were brought to the
bar on Thursday, when after an impressive admo-
nition and address from 'the Judge, they were
severally ordered to be banished from Scotland for
life, under the usual certification contained in the
statutes.

. SIXTH REPCIEt'r.
AFRICAN I'N'ST-ITUTI2N.

tContimied from our Paper. cf YesterdaTl
The members of the Institution will probably
recollect a rase of great oppression, detaiied in
the appendix to their last report, which had 0.6
curred in the island of St,. Vinceuts that.of John
\Vise, who, though entitled to his freedom, Was,
on. his return to the island, most unjustly reduced
to slavery. The Directors were indebted for their
knowledge of the circumstances to Hugh Perry
Keane, V,sq. of St. Vinceuts, who, with a gene-
rous ardour iu the cause of iustice and humanity,
undertook to advocate the cause of this friendless
African. His efforts,' however, which were per-
severingly and gratuitously exerted in the courts
of the island to obtain legal redress,. proved una-
vailing. The sentence of the Judge confirmed
the act of oppression by which he had been de-
prived of his freedom. . While the Directors were
endeavouring to abtai'n a reversal of this sentence,
an object in which they had the prospect of suc-
ceeding, they received. intelligence which super-'
seded the necessity of any farther exertion : Wise
bad effected his escape from St. Vinceuts, and
placed himself in a state of security.
The attention of the Directors has naturally
been drawn, by the papers which have been lately
laid on the table of thc.. House of Commons, to -i
the treatment of slaves in the West Indianislands,
and to the kind and degree of legal protection
which persons of this description enjoy.
The facts of Mr. Huggins's case, which Were
detailed in the appendix totheJast Report; require
no continent. Mr: Huggins had most flagrantly,
Violated not only every law of humanity, hut the
clear and express enactment of his own legislature
the mettsureof punishment which he had in-
ictod on his slaves. He had done this, openly, in
the public market place of the chief town of the
island of Nevis, and in the presence of several
magistrates, without, any attempt being made to
prevent the outrage. When brought to trial,
through The public-spirited conduct of a few indi-
viduals, he was acquitted by the Jury, in direct
opposition, as it, appears, to the evidened, and to
the charge of the ;fudge. Not satisfied with his
acquittal, te prosecuted in his turn; and prosecu-
ted to conviction, the
,printer of the St: Kitts
newspaper, wha had merely iusertetl, by desire of
the Assembly of Nevis, a resolution- of that body,
.expressive of their ab,Lorrence of Mr. noggins's
con duet 5 and this poor man is still suffering un-
der the sentence which was pronounced upon' him
by the Court of St. Kitts:
Pueliament had scarcely been made acquainted
with these transactions, when another communi-
cation was made to Government by the Governor
of the Leeward Islands, of details, if possible,
more revolting than those which respected Mr.
Huggins. These details were afterwards laid on
the table of-the House of Commons. The main
factS which they have brought to the knowledgeof
the public are these :—A Mr. Hodge, a planter of
Tortola, had for many years been notorious for
the barbarities which be,exereised on his slaves.
It was known that by A succession of acts of the
most wanton cruelty, he had nearly exterminated
a once" flourishing gang of ncgroes. But no at-
tempt was made'to bring Mr. Hodge to justice ;
nor did hi 3 conduct excite the slightest, notice of
the Magistracy- of Tortola, until, in consequence
Of some political differences, one of the Magis-
trates, who had previonilY lived with hint ip the
*habits of friendship, caused a charge of murder to
be preferred against Mr. 'lodge for the murders
lie had committed among his slaves, all of which
had been perpetrated more than three years be-
, fore.

A special conamission,was appointed to try Mr.
Hodge ; but such was the ferment produced among
the white inhabitants of Tortola by this unheard-
of proceeding of trying a master for the .murder
of his slave, that Governor Elliott found himself
compelled to come down to that island in a ship
of war, and to proclaim martial late, in order to
prevent tlie tumults which were apprehended in
case of conviction.

Mr. Hodge was found guilty ; -but was recom-
mended to mercy by a majority of the jury. Go-
vernor Elliott, however, disregarded the recom-
mendation, and Mr. Hodge suffered the awful sen-
tence of the law.

Although the Directors derive no satisfaction
from contemplating the
.motives which led to the.
trial of Mr. HoYge, they are disposed to hope that
this example of capital punishment (the first, they
believe,
.whieh has occurred) in the case of a- mas-
ter murdering his slave,. may prove salutary, by
affording a practical proof that, as the protection
of the law has, in this instance, been effectually
extended to the slave, it may ;also equally in
others. .
The Directors believe that the necessity of a
reform in the administration of our West Indian
Colonies is strcmgly felt, not only by the public,
but by many persons connected.,with those islands
who can no longer shut their eyes to the conse-
quences of the system which has been established
there. The Directors have adverted to. this sub-
ject not for the purpme of entering at present in-
to any explanation of their views upon it, but
merely that the Members of the Institution May
may understand that it is one which occupies-much
of their attention..
They also forbear from adverting to some other
instances of gross abuse which have taken place in
the West Indies ; because the mention of them at
the present moment might interfere with proceed-
ings which in some cases are actually pending,
and might perhaps impede the endeavours of the
Board to apply a remedy..
In the midst, however, of the evils with which
a hear view of the West Indies brings them ac-
quainted, the Directors feel a pleasure in recm.l7-
ing the following instance of humane and liberal
conduct.
About. fourteen years ago, Daniel Hill, Esq.
of Antigua, purchased from a slave ship a negro
slave of the name of Mohammed: Discovering
him to have been above, the common class in his
own country, and to have acquired a considerable
share of Arabic literature, he was led to treat him
with particular indulgence. Mohammed mani-

Irest-td a strong attachtnent to the Mohanitnedan
religion, and his master paid the utmost attention
to the religous scruples of his slave. At length.
Mr. Hill resolvcd.to grant bina his liberty, and to
procure for hiip the IlleaUS of returning to his (Aril
eouniry. itilohanuned arrived at Liverpoolin the
month of June last, recomniended to the care of
Mr. Slutni, of that place, under whose roof he
remained during a-stav of two•or three months in
England. An application having been node on
beha'fof this stranger to the DireetorS,.they were
induced to be at the expellee of conveying hith to
Goree, which was the nearest point to the .resi.;.
deuce of his. family •and they furnished him with
letters to Major 011isholm, the 'Governor of that
place, and a inember of this Instithtioo,,,on whose
good offices in. Mohammed's' favolik they
confi-
dently rely. '
A , point which has occupied a cOnsiderabl£.
share of the attention of-the -Board ha-s'heen, the
-due disposal of the slaves captured-by-our ertrizem-
Many of these captures have take w pl'ace in the
West Irk and the librated slaves have neces.:
sarily been landed in the West-India islands. The.
Meeting will not be surprised to learn. after .:'ht
they know of the systeili which prevails in these
colonies, that considerable abu.ses should have
been practised with respect to these unfortuiritt!
To those abuses the Directirs are
anxious that sonic remedy should be applied, and
to this they are now directing their inquiries. It
is one of the inconveniences almost 'necessarily in-
cident to legislation, when applied to new and"
anomalous cases, and this. inconvenience has
been .experienced in the present instance, that
it can hardly anticipate all the results which may.,
be produced, or all the- evasions which may be
practised.

(To be continued.)

THE lIAavEsT---The harvest throughout nearly'
the whole of the counties south of Yorkshire, tidy
been safely housed ur stacked. The Wheat crops
are rich and abundant, and except some affected
partially with the smut, the crops are generally,
upon an average of the tWo'preceding years: Bar-
ley and oats are a full average crop, and peas and
beans are much above the produce of former years.
The second crops of clover and dines are heavy, -
and if the season should continue 'favourable, a
great reduction in the price of hay, will be the
consequence. The harvest in Yorkshire is partly
begun, and a greater prospect of abuudant crops'
was never before knOwn. In the four northern
counties, a number of fields of corn have been
reaped, and the produce large; but we lainent to
bear that the wheat, in the west of Cutnberland,
is likely to suffer much from the smut. . In Scot-
land, the harvest is, in some quarters, already
commenced ; but the cold dampness in the air that
prevailed for the last three weeks, has retarded the
ripening of the corn, and caused a number of
wheat-fields to be injured by rust and mildewrof
course the crops will not yield in proportion to
the bulk on the ground. In the Cars,: of Falkirk,
the harvest is general, and crops most abundant.
In the district between the Clyde and Galloway,
the wheat, oats, and b arley harvest has commenced
and the crols are rich and luxurious. The ha ;•••
vest in the Lothians is not become general, but
several fields of barley and oats have been re; Ted,
which yield largely.H.Throughout the whole kif%-
dom, the crops ot potatoes will yield most abun-
dantly, and if the weather prove favourable, the
supply of wholesoirie food which will. be derived
from the present year's extensive culture of this
root, will set famine at defiance, at least for twelve
months to arrival of a number of
ships 'last week from the Baltic, loaded with ItYei,
had the immediate
,effect of lowering the price 01
that article in our market on Saturday last, full 53,'
a boll.

In this time of scarcity, it is, with satisfa,.,,tioll
we record Donations, during the last week, by
the Executors of the late Sir Sitwell Sitwell, narr•
of Renishaw, (in pursuance of his will) of 2
each to the poor of every parish, in Derbyshire'.
and Yorkshire, in which the deceased Baronet
had estates.

13ristol Fair last week exhibited the largest shoes
of cattle known for many years past, and the num'
bers sold were almost unprecedented. The stlP' •
ply of leather was not large, except in cornmoct
hides and bulfaloe skins.

BIRTHS.
On Tuesday, at Ongar, the Lady of John Ogle, Esq. -M.-
ehitect, of a'Son.
On Thursday' morning, in Bentincliestreet, Manchester'
square, the Lady of Charles Courtall, Esq. of a Datw,liter.
At Bevis Mount, Hampshire, the Lady Of Henry -1-111Vorn
Esq, of a Sou.

MAIED.
On the 24th of February last, at Calcutta, Captain Georg.c
Herbert Gall, of the Bth Bengal Native Cavalry, to/Ana, sct:
cond daughter of the late Johnson Wilkinson, 'Esq. of r°r-
man-square.
On'Tnesday last, Mr. George Robert Butcher, of Wel-e
street,, Cavendish7scinare, to Miss Coote, of AN rundel, Susst'l;
Yestetday, at Swellham, George Langford, Esq. Car t 5 r
-f
in the West Norfoll Militia, to Grace,' second daughtx
the late W. H. Vernon, Esq. Barrister at Law.

On Satnrday the sth inst.at StaDnwell-House,in r4,til
.the ---11;,• .1
of MiddleseX,--MiSt Stanhope, eldest daughter of -Adra'-`1
Sir-Henry e
Stanhope, Bart. ,rti4, '
The sam day, in Exeter, in the 16th year of lii.; age, ..` •
Was Maquay, sou of George Matiouy, f:3,1. of ;;t. StePVI"
Green, ,in Dublin.
ether °f
Lately, in Exeter, aged 82, Mr;. Ann GraGranger,In
E. Granger, Es. • urfig"
On Sunday laqst, at Inburst-Houset, Berks, Mrs. St ~
relietx. of the late Thomas Sturgis, Esq. of Sonth Atiale';'
strOn eet. fr
Wednesday the 9th init. at the, Mote, of tk typhus
ver, the Fight Hon. the Countess of Ronthel.
___.----4'

COAL MARKET, SEPT. 11.
Ships at Mantet. Ships sold. Price' "' 03.
5 Newcastle . . - _4 . . . 525. ;Id. to

Inter; or STO(.

,KS YESTERDAY.

Nn433aapppi ykrri
(5
CS:eeepotni eictttrk. Cent.shuteu shift. 9. 6 0 Old Ann. - (Igo
Excheq. Bills, 3td• Per
oDitto,fa dap
ry., 45 6 5 Pr.
Bank i.. Ann. shut
India Stock, rin)ititn(l)r.tinr3l.ll"
601
India Bonds, 4s. ss. dis. Cons. ti,r 9th Oct. 60. ,

HIGH wATEIt AT LONDON BitIDGE TO-Moft"r`
Morning, i 8 minateß after 6. Evening.7,.if. minutes aft' l.

otk-street, Grosvenor•sguare,
:111:3t aadre,;.-.3e.d.,
