ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.

Major HANDLEY presented petitions from Dollington,
Spalding, and other places, praying for the immediate
abolition of slavery.

Mr. COLLIER presented similar petitions from the
Wesleyan Nleiliodis!s of Ebenfzer Chap,l, the Congrega.
tion of Baptists, and of the Independent Dissenters, all in
the borough of Plymouth; and from Walkehampton,
Prater, Vympton Maurice, Plyinpton Earle, Tainerton
Foliott, and other places in the county of Devon. The
Hon. Member expressed his decided concurrence in the
prayer of the petitioners.

Mr. WYNDHANI presented a petition from Diss,
Gresham, Bradford, and other places in Norfolk, praying
for the abolition of slavery; also a petition for the aboli-
tion of the duty on tax carts from DlB4 ; also a petition
from Norwich for the repeal of the house and window tax.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition for a reform of their
corporation, signed by 5,846 inhabitants of Leicester.
The Hon. Member entered into a detail of the abuses
of the corporation in the administration of their funds,
election of officers, the administration of justice, and
other pafticulars.--Tbe last petition was referred to the
Committee on Corporations, and the others were laid upon
the table.

The Hoz.% MEMBER also presented petitions against
slavery from Bond-street Chapel, Leicester, Longford, and
from Rothlev, for the better observance of the Sabbath.
Mr. HALFORD defended the Corporation, and said
that the Corporation had undertak-n a prosecution against
the local newspapers for pu dishing the statements of the
petition. He begged the House would therefore suspend
its judgment.
Mr. ROEBUCK asked, as there was a prosecution,
whether it bad been in such a form as to admit of the
truth being pleaded in Justification ?
Mr.HALFORD—The proceeding was by criminal in-
formation.--( Hear, hear.)
Mr. WYNNE ELLIS supported the prayer of the
petition, and only feared the Committee would not be able
to carry its sufficiently far hack.
Mr. HALFORD said that some of the sums complained
of, as expended by the corporation wrongfully, had been
allowed by the C .urt of King's Bench. As for example,
a sum of 5,000/. in a contested election.

Mr. O'DWYER said that it would subject the corpo.
ration to a prosecution.

Mr. EVANS said that the corporation was charged in
the petition with spending 10,0001. in the election.
Mr. POULTER presented a petition, praying for the
;iboli.ion of slavery, from Shaftesbury.
Mr. A. WILLIAMS presented a petition from the ma-
gistrates of Alontnouth, against the beer shops.—Referred
to the Committee.

Mr. CRAVEN BERKELEY presented a petition for
the abolition of slavery, from Chipping Sudbury.
Mr. DANIEL GASKELL presented similar petitions
from Horton, in Bradfield, Yorkshire, and a parish in
Essex; also, a petition from Wakefield, for the abolition
of taxes on newspaper 9, th,: assessed taxes, the soap, and
other taxes pressing or, the poor. He concurred in the
prayer of the petition, considering these taxes the cause of
the increasing pauperism and crime. A property tax only
cools relieve the people and effect this object.
Colonel HAY presented a petition from Kintore in
favoce of burgh reform.
Mr. HENRY HANDLEY presented petitions for the
abolition of slavery, from Billingham and other parishes in
Lincoln; also a petition praying that places of dissenting
worship might be exempt from any charge for poor rates,
from different Methodist congregations; also a petition
from the farmers of Peterborough and its neighbourhood,
complaining of the losses they have suffered by the adoption
of the imperial measure.

Mr. MICHAEL ANGELO TAYLOR presented a
petiriOn avainst slavery frt,m Sudbury and two other places.
Mr. NALL presented similar petitions from Monmouth.

HOUSE AND WINDOW TAX.
Mr. TENNYSON presented a peti.iorn from the inha-
bitants of St. Cimberwdl, praying that the House
and Window Tix might be abolished.
Mr. W. ROCHE presented petitions from the Chris-
tim people of Limerick, praying that the same indul-
gences and privileges might be extended to the Moravi,ns
And Quakers which other classes of his Majesty's subjects
possessed, and from the Christian people of Ennis, to the
same effect.

111 r. H. SHAW presented petitions from several parishes
in SuffoElf, for the abolitio❑ of slavery. The petitioners
were "ti.fiell the whole of the population of Engand
wi-re really and willing to sacrifice every thing to attain
th s object.

SUNDAY TRADING.
Lord WAI. LENNOX presented a petition from the

roaster bakers of Kiug's Lynn; praying for the suppres,
of Sunday trading.

An HON. MEMBER wished to know whether there was
any local Act that compelled master bakers to bake pk
and puddings en a Sunday....( Hear, hear, from Dlr.
ROEBUCK.)

Mr. W. BRODIE presented a petition from the inha-
tntants of New Sarum for a repeal of the house and
window duties. T e Hon. Member also presented peti-
tions from the Wesleyan Methodists, Church-street.
Salisbury, for the abolition of slavery, and from the
Wesleyan Methodists of Steeplefort chapel, Wilts, Alhany
chapel, Dowton chapel, Winterburne chapel, Ciiitter,
Wilton, Campwith, White Parish, Fordham Bridge, and
Amesbury, and from the inhabitants of Hiekrninster,
Dowton, Berwick, St. John's, and various other places
in the county of Wilts, all praying for the emancipation
of the slaves.

Mr. Sergeant SPANKIE presented petitions from St.
George's, Bloombury, and St. Giles's in the Fields, pray-
ing for a repeal of the hou•e and window tax.

FACTORY BILL.

Mr. STRICKLAND presented a petition from Highan.
Bridge, in HaUtz, in favour of the measure for the relief o'
children working in factories, and praying that the pass-
ing of that Bill might not be delayed. Also several peti
tions for the abolition of colonial slavery, from the Wes-
leyan Methodists of Methley, in York ; from the hills-
tants of Cadton, in the West Riding of York ; from th,
Protestant Dissenters of Green Harnerton; and from th,
inhabitants of Hamswiel, in Yorkshire.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.

Mr. SLANEY presented a petition from the metho-
dists of St. John's Chapel, in Shrewsbury, and from
the independent congregation of Swanbill, Siirewsbur,
for the immediate abolition of shivery
BETTER OBSERVANCE OF THE SABBATH.
_ _

Mr. C. MARJORIBANKS pr,sented a petition from
Esberwood, in Berwickshire, for the better o-servance
the Sa bath. He trusted that, unmolested by harsh snit
severe enactments, the people would still be permitted to
enjoy a walk on Sunday. Th' proposed Bill would en
velope the English Sutiday in a Scotch tnist, and he was
of opinion that the existing laws on the subject were quit,
sufficient.

ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Mr. MARJORIBANKS then presented a petition it,
avour of the immediate aboltion of slavery, from Col
ston, i❑ Berwickshire. The Mon. Member supported the
prayer of the petition ; and then presented petitions of a
similar nature from other parishes in the same county.
