',ISI.tn. Peel) whether, afttr.auch an exprras'On of the
~,t pittiOnofrihn'ilousi, it was the intention of M;niaters to
etteitt,theiritlaceS titid etibtinue to Carry on tl e business of
,qovernmelt ?,
No flower Was'giVen to this question. t
Mr, 11011,HOUSL said that he would take the oppor-
_ Utility of potting the question to an issue.... (Cries or
"Move, move.'')
,Mr. BROUGHAM slid that the question put by 1,i,-
~ Hon. Friend was, under the eircumstaaces, very natural;
but he: thought, at present it was premature. , FTC would
take tide opportnuity of- suggesting to his flight Hon.
Friend (Sir II Parnell) whether it would not he better
to poetpone the 'appiiiiitnient of the Contmittee till to-
morrow—(Cries of "-Now, now," were badly repeated
from the Oliposition "aide) -and Igr. - Brougham with-
drew his suggestion. .
The following Committee was then appointed :-,-
Sir Henry Parnell " ,Mr. Maurice Fitzgerald -
TheChancellorof tbeExchequer Sir Edward Kmtebbull ,
Sir.hobert Peel Mr. Ward ' - '
Lunt Viscount Abhor') Mr: Moberly . ' ' •
Mr. Arbuthnot Mr. Charles Grout •
ti.ail Viscount Morpeth Mr. Littleton .
VL Pelllca Sir John Newport
'.l'. slitme'- ' - - • Mr. Home Drummond
' Mr. FrankliW Lewis Mr. Palmer (Berke)
Mr. haring., ' • Mr. Siring Rice
' . Lfi., ord Viseottni Palmerston • Mr. Williams Wynn.
'amities - Five to be the quorum.
While those who west out for the amendment remained
.
in the: lobby, we were toll that Mr. Brougham addressed
them, end requested Hon. Members not to go away after
:tit!: arivlaion ; fur that if they were defeated nu that
ittneAtititent, it wart the intention of (we believe) the Hun.
~,litletther 'for' Doivetsliire- (Mr. Blokes) to move ;mother
tiir. die tqquiattment cf a Committee to inquire intnall the
.itime of the Civil List the first three. This ootice
- aftertee.
4,4 was received with cheers in the lobby.
' After the appointment of the Committee, the other
t; 0:;,A.9, Mete p 1 the Day were Moved.
ssin,tiS-,
ttii..-....,-.. . CHARITABLE INSTITUTIONS. 1
Mr. Alderman THOMPSON rose to move for terve to
bring in a Bill to declare in what came the possessions of
'',eititin- Charitable 'lnstitutions shall be liable to the pay-
Mini of rates' for liteal purposes. The lion. lgember,
prefaced his motion with a few remarks, hut owing to the
teak 'of the House. at the time, not a word of what he
'locli)tr of what fell from Mr. Sykes, who followed lieu,'
!ii" heard in the gallery. •
Leer e,wae given to bring in the Dill, which the Hon.
; 'Weitiibit afteniards brought in, and read a first time.
- ._., Mr. KENNEDY moiled for several returns connected
‘l'itit KENNEDY
of the Elective Franchise in Scotland.—
. 'Ordered. • ' - .
CLERK OF THE COUNCIL.
'l/".879"41-.EY,' referring to a question which' be had
'liefcae put in the IlilairHon. Secretary for time Home De.
pavement, se to .whether the situation of- Clerk of the
. ' COuncil had been filled up, said that the Right lion. Gen-
, Oman had declared-he knew nothing on the subject.. . Ile
would now repeat the quest ion ; because be underatoulthat
• the situation had beta filled up, aud he owned he 'thought
it was one which taught not to be continued. He bad since
is.en infuriated that the-office was filled up by the Lord
, President by the uppointarient of (we believe) the son of
the Iste posse-Nor of: the office. •
Sir IL PEEL could assure the lion. Member in since-
, Pity, that till he came down to the House to.day, he knew
melting on the subject. ' .
. Mr. STANLEY said he understood the situation was
filled bp within 24 hours of the- vacancy. ' '
' . 'Sir it. PEEL said he knew not through what office the
notice of appointment was made ; but it was not through
that of the Secretary for the Home Department.
The ATTORNEY_GENERAL obtained leave to bring
is a' Hill to amend the Act for the better administratims of
'justice in England and Wales. The Bill was subiequently
' . -hr(welit In anti 'read 'a first, tiate...-To hems! a seeoud time
, tin Wednesday:
'• ' Lord F. L. COWER moved, that a Select Committee
~., milting and customs in Ireland be appointed.
Ilfr.O'CONNELL'suggested that power should he given
la the, Committee to inquire into the origin of the tulle,
end the right by which they were exacted.
Loid P. L. GOWER stated, that the Committee,-;if
, , therthund it nesaistuty, would have sufficient poWerlficof
41'4 pnvpnee.. • ,-''• • '
Iftw Committee wee then al/painted.
Sir R. KELpostputita the motion (of which he bad
given notice) fur the re-appointment of the Select
,Com-
. mitiee to inquire,iato tint aff.ire of the East India Company.
~ A,rr. HOME noaCed fur a .return of all pensions on iris
. "4°4'A Civil List in England an the let of January, lOW,
ht.,4tii.,'Stt'natttextfeitetiperson for witton the peueitio was
' • ' ersll4ll*:.the'4l,),,Osst 'of pension, and the date when
1'78144 (4hopensiornoto be :4r range,' according to the, 11.1 tea
. when ihriled),,stating also whether the -pension it for life,
. . or dialog please nsp--similar return of the Irish Pension
List ;—similer,retuni eof the Scotch. Penvion 1-istt.--
, 01 tiered. ' ;' i ‘ ,'' ,
, .
Petitionoo preying for tharalsOlition of slavery, Werra pre•
sentetl ftY4,ll.4til).V'..Powt.s.rti, frosts Barnard Castle ettd
front -the __al: _st rates anti
~„ -soother pleeiv by Sir Rs Pest. f lki" i
;,:' 'Clergy of Timwortiv; by, Mr. Witten-Iwo from. Oft
`lliptitits of sit pariSherin 'the neighbourhood of Hull ; by
.' Mr. Alderman TuosersoxfrotuDissesiteis muting in fret-
..
tit, home Chapel ; and by Mr. Brno from Dissents,' s meet-
. ,
:mg in Cannon-street Chapel.
Mr. IIYNG :presented. a petition frotn John Holcomb,.
l'rii., against the ret um n of the election for Duvet-.
' Adjourned at Haltpa-t Ten' o'clock.
' . , . ~...

REFORM.

•
TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.
81n,--Titere are times when it it needfal to consider
that the 'machine of Ilie.Statels in a thgree the concern of
e`, '"-Y individual vitas-n, .awl that instead of regarding ail.
ashu impertinent intrusion, into wdepartment alto:
tr;iher fore:gn to him, every man should hold himself
;
etto to contribute what he can to the welfare of the
1,1.14trY• Thii is such a time—when we hear on the one
°gni, of alerms, anti risings, and conflagrations, and plots;
4'o tli, other, of the concentrating 0: t troupe, 41111
rritoning of fortresser, it is high time for the great body
the PeoPle to look about them. These are very had
,--in„lnunts—symptcuns of a very utedlese and improbable
")°. Vetv'eviis C2ll be greater than an extensive con-
.‘
"let bet Ween the brOte force of the 'nobility and those who.
• , wield the reeourctsof 'the coontry. Such.* steuggle'can
• °illy end in 'anarchy and oppression; and eitlter waY the
• Inlnltential intenets'of the mass of the people must sustain
, a
111uq• 'Then it behove us to look out for a remedy's
l'oe Mat body of the people, the' middle orders dew linol;
the thousands and tens of thousands at -edutitted,
think-
wells.dispuietipeoplo,'muet take care of 'them-
-,vee and of their interests, jgo.s• is the time to move—
it://uf they nay act effectually; eml if they Jo not seize the
lieortunity f short interval only may elapse anti it Will be
too late.
t_tiott large proportion of the people who
. sund,er.st;:nt
LI tr duties and their rights, and who Know tne aw E.il.
eotistitetional Heflin'', unite themselves in every town
• neighhourhood into en extensive association for this
"ufw?se. Let tteir avowed objeet be Reform, awl nut ye-
" fair, seek by every constitutional owing a free,
t, trate end equal preesuee,
trt4ltiriruul cull "Presentation in Palliament, a taxation of
and a limited expenditure in
044 lohninistration of the country. Let them be equally
' - Ltlt!rnohl seek this, and, to welt uo more than this.
t. 1:0. teem their own adequacy, to itecomplish this.
theta "certain themselyee to.be what they ero-s-tlie
tmil bovilgth and substance of the netion—the tultor
itrate mind of 4 great people—the moral burgher guard of
he libertie* of the first conotry in the world ; 4
441'1,4 adamant to oligarchy on the one sides nu° i°
enatchy on the Other.
• ' This an t
Ineeeure will at one') enemy to 44 4JtulutietY
I.l°Prwvenient ' it will for the culla and power.
,„ give *Lope t
. utterance of the 'ration's voice against evil* oppose+,
"eh °tiler, but equally alarming. It will enrol the main
*Nth of the land on the side of good order, end it will
°Ytritwe the audacious desi its of coatoption. If such AR
414tMi'ad'.
4tion were once formed, nine out often of #b° oft
. • arisen would join it. The solid worth of the Country,
ZoUld be found in ita ranks. It would pledgeevery man
l'ilWbblr duty as a citizen, It Would give lam his due
L)Rittclirthe political
.r.ystem.
Jt won!ii pledge bin' 'to ttie
ittmosfevery'eonetitntienal ineans, and no ;Alter, to
Let"':tyidefot: the interests and'happinese' of all clas.tes
lr
And this-iteeciation will speedily'ha foontLl if I4'
active Men' of known character as mural, intelligent, and
telipectable citiaens.were to take the lead, the torength of
o
country would follow; Do not •let them fear to 4°
luought ufneluns anti forward. , The crisis is 'too serious
t
Wee modesty. Let such men ate convert with dui
..,_4l!tisority to which they toe entitled, as the avo ed friend •
7! 110tia1 order, of revealed religion, and equel political
and they wilt be the weans t.f reformingand auviurr
notilitql The Stiste ,neerb 'nekher thet saltree of
Ilitnotte nor thebatorii of tit). New Police; nett the In i Ye*
°f he ;nob. Thcmoral energy of the count' yi will' he ii
re tbwmoral vigour of the
all
nation will threw ufioff'
I.___relitery or incipient Massa.,, sod the pimple,} under the
,
• Zyn lug of God, will save thentselves. Such is the sub-
" strength of moral and religious priuciple emongst
vtitat in our lurid, this great measure, this aionitancoL,:.4
ter 15 TRAY be;tried with perfect safety to the true
,Ltatt oiall 'ordure nutheklieople, JltenAet 44 11* kal
rart_eitin crisis pair by. t-.! Let ;nom immediately meet aw
each other. Clutraeterle power, 110
