PRICE OF SUGAR.

EFFECT OF MONOPOLY.
Table showing the ex-duty price of We'd India. Sugar iu Mincing,
one, and comparing the same against foreign sugars :7--

London, Feb. 1, 1839.
'The Gazette of this day quotes the average price of British Per cwt.

Plantation Muscovado Sugar, exclusive of duty, at 37s. 4id
llascovado Sugars raised by free labour in the'Manilla are
worth this week from 225. to 245. per cwt., being
about I6s. per cwt. less than the average price of %Vest
India Sugar.

The bounty on refined Sugar having, in October last, been reduced to
355. Sd., per cwt., no sales for exportation at that rate of bounty have
been effected; the excessively high prices paid by all British consumers
cannot, therefore, now be attributed to the bounty. Nevertheless,
this reduction still leaves, allowing I s. per cwt. for the poisoaous dirt con-
tained in the Muscovado or moist Sugar—and which is extracted by the
process of refining, a clear bounty of 10s. Bd. per cwt., which would, in
the event of an ample supply of Sugar from the Wcst Indies, come into
active operation, and by stimulating the exportation of refined Sugar,
.
always maintain the average price of West India Muscovados 10s. per
cwt. above the ,price of free labour Sugar from other .quarters.
British Treacle is worth Bs. 6d. per cwt. in the foreign markets. The
per cwt , being
same has teen sold this week at 335. an excess of price
paid by the nation of 'Na. 6d. per cwt., in other words, 245. 6d. per cwt.
on Treacle contributed by the poorman towards West India Bounty, and
not, as it is erroneously supposed, towards revenue.
955. CotFOFIE3F;B:—The
hecdwut, is 50s, per cwt,, about 50
,pel. cent, ad valorem.ty on West India Coffee, the price of it ranging from
The duty on St. Domingo Coffee, the average price of it being 425. per
cwt., is 140 s. per cwt, or about 300 per cent. ad valorem. The nrotec.
tire duty, therefore, on West India Coffee is equivalent to 250 per cent.
Some importers of Coffee, avail themselves of the privileges conferred
by the East India Company's Charter, to ship Coffee from the Brazils to
the Cape of Good Hope, and thence to England, where, in consequence
of the privilege alluded to above, it is admitted for home use at a duty of
84s. per cwt. Sales of Brazil Coffee brought by this circuitous route have
occurred in Mincing.lane, so that through trickery, and favouritism in
duty, the British public are unconsciously made consumers of Coffee
raised by stave labour, to the exclusion of that cultivated by free hands in
St. Domingo.
'We have already shown that the gain to the monopolists, and the loss
to the British community by the protective laws on West India produce
amounts to 4,210,0001. per annum.

We understand that Mr. Duncombe, the member
for Finsbury, has promised to several of his constituents that
he will nrdvtehaant onhaemielansdpmleendtp,ed
the Address in the following
a
himself to divide the House on
is :—" That the amendment in 1832, on the representative
system, has disappointed the people ; that it is not, and cannot
be, a final measure; and that the constitutiox of the Commons'
House of Parliament requires further and immediate reforma-
tion."—Morning Chronicle.
BELL'S LIFE IN LONDON.—The pugilistic con-
t 'st between Burke and Bendigo is fixed for Tuesday, Feb. 12.
The full particulars will appear in Bell's Life in London cf
the following Sunday. The publication of Bell's Life in
London commences at 12 o'clock on Saturday noon, at the
Office, No. 170, Strand ; by which early publication the
Papers can be sent off by the Two o'Clock Saturday After-
noon Birmingham Railway train. The price of Bell's Life in
London is Fivepence only.

ILLUz,TRATIONS OF SLAVERY IN
THE UNITED STATES.

(Extracted from the Cincinnati Philanthropist of the 11th and 25th
of Dec., 1838.)

Theory of Slavery, extracted from a Memoir on the subject—Read be-
fire " the South Carolina Society for the Advancement of Learning."

BY JUDGE HARPER.

1. Judge Harper is in doubt whether the cause of humanity has ken
served by PLACING THE :MURDER OF A SLAVE ON TltE SAME }TOTING
WITH THAT OF ♦ FREEMAN.

2. 3iaves have a better seeurityfor l feand limb, than freemen,

S. There have been FEWER MURDERS OP SLAVES IN THE SOUTH,
THAN OP PARENTS, CHILDREN, APPRENTICES, and other murders—
causi. and UNNATURAL, in societies where slavery does not exist.
4. Seeing the evils of the labouring classes in Europe and the thickly
settled Parts of our own country are so intolerable, he intimates strongly,
that it would be better for them IF THEY WERE SLAVES, HELD AS
PRopEr.TY BY MASTERS, having a -direct interest in preserving their
tiers, their health, and their strength.
5, The slaves are far less liable to cruel and brutal treatment from
their masters, than are wives and children in other countries from their
husbands and parents : Slavery, owing to the self-interest of the master
and the deep affection he is apt to cherish for his slave, is AN INCOMPA.
Rt&BLY BETTER SECURITY TO THE SLAVE, than the CONNUBIAL RELA.
1105 IS To THE WIFE or the FILIAL RELATION TO THE CHILD.

6. It is true that the slave is driven to his labour by stripes, but
stripes and blows are to him no degradation.
7. Slavery tends rather to humanize than brutalize.
PRACTICE.
ILLUSTRATION I.
From the Clinton (Miss.) Gas. July 23, 1836.
Resolution 15, Provides for the appointment of a vigilance (alias
Lynch) committee, whose duties are prescribed in resolutions 2 and 4,
viz.: " That the movements of every stranger.from the north should be
carefully watched," &c. ; and " That it is our decided opinion that any
individual who dares to circulate, with a view to effectuate the designs
of the abolitionists, any of the incendiary tracts or newspapers now in
a course of transmission to this country, IS JUSTLY WORTHY IN
THE SIGHT OF GOD AND MAN OF IMMEDIATE DEATH;
and we doubt not that such would be the punishment of any such
offender in any part of the state of Mississippi where he may be found."
Among other names on this committee are found Gen. H. S. Toote and
R. H. Buckner, EN., whose zeal for the " divine institution" may be
seen in

ILLUSTRATION 11.

From the Southern Argus April 11, 1833. Published at Columbus, Miss.

MISSISSIPPI STATE LOTTERY.
FOR THE BENEFIT CF BRANDON ACADEMY.

To la 2 drawn at Clinton, Miss., positively by the 2d June, 1837,
under the superintendence-of the following gentlemen :—R. H. BUCK-
NER, Esq., Gen. H. Dunlap, Gen. Silas Brown, Gen. H. S. TOOTE,
Bur Garland, Esq., Capt. Geo. W. House, Gen. H. G. Runnels, W. H.
Shelton, Esq., A. R. Johnson, Esq., Wm. W. Pinckard, Esq., Henry
Dawson and James M. Wall.
GRAND SCHEME. Class No. 1.
(Authorized by the Legislature of 1829.)

Real and personal estate pledged to the amount of 550,000 dollars,
for the faithful performance of the operation.
CAPITAL PRIZE,
A splendid plantation, four links west of Clinton, 500 acres in culti.
nation, with a first rate new Mill and Gin, Dwelling House, Negro Ca-
bins, Stables, &c., with 30 first rate NEGROES ; Mules, Horses, Oxen,
Cattle and HOGS; Farming utensils, and every article necessary to
carry on a large cotton plantation.

ILLUSTRATIPN 111.
From the Charleston (S. C.) Mercury. A copy in my possession.

" NEGROES,"
By THOMAS N. GADSDEN.

Will be sold at the north of the Exchange at 11 o'clock, this day, Ist
April (1834), a prime family of Negroes, viz. :
A remarkably likely WENCH, about 32 years old, a first rate cook,
good washer and ironer, &c., of warranted character, with her 4 chil-
dren, viz.:—

A likely plough boy, 14 years old,
A do. girl 8 do. do.
A do. boy 6 do. do.
An INFANT, 6 or 8 months do.
Conditions cash—purchasers to pay for bills of sale.
Again, in the same publication,
Bt THOMAS N. GADSIMN,

Will be sold at the north of the Exchange at I 1 o'clock, this day,
10th April, without reserve, to satisfy a mortgage from James Dupre to
Thomas Benett, six very likely NEGROES, accustomed to the city, viz :
Charles, a likely young fellow, 14 years old ; Sarah, a prime wench
about 35 years old; Susan, a smart girl about 7 years old; John, a
smart boy, 6 years old; Isaac, a smart boy, 4 years old ; an INFANT,
6 months old.

ILLUSTRATION IV.
150 DOLLARS REWARD,

Ranaway from the subscriber living in South Carolina, about the 12th
of ~Tune, 1838, a negro. man named Sharlerack, about 27 or 28 years of
age, not quite nix feet high, but very near—has rather a down look, has
a scar on the top of his head that is naked of hair, eccasioned by being
scalded with boiling water when young. This scar cannot be seen for
his hair unless closely examined. Be reads print tolerably well, and I
have no doubt will alter his name and attempt to pass as a Freeman :
I purchased him of Dr. Holt, of Lexington, who bought him of Col.
Hutchins G, Burton, of Halifax, N, C., where Shaderack was raised,
and has followed the Training of, Race Horses, and was Training for me
when he went away.% I have no doubt but he will be lurking about
the county of Ilalifax, N. C., until he gets an opportunity of getting on
to a free State, and any person or persons aiding or assisting him so to
do, ailewarti of two hundred Dollars will be given for their being
'legally convicted thereof—one hundred dollars will be given for Shade-
rack being apprehended and confined in any gaol either in the State of
• North Carolina or Virginia, so that I get him again, or one hundred
and fifty dollars will be given to any person who will deliver him to
me at my residence in South Carolina, Abbottsville District, Lodie
WILLIAM EDDINS.

Sept. IS. •
N. E. If Shaderack should be confined in any goal in North Carolina
or Virginia, give notice to my agent Mr. M. H. Pettaray of Halifax,
N. C. W. E.

ILLUSTRATION Y.
BAN 4 WAY.

From the mouth of the Wabash, on the 22d October, a negro man
namcid 1. awson, about 22 years of a3e, about 5 feet 8 inches high, weighs
about 1501b5., remarkably well made ; black; has a small foot and ankle,
no marks recollected except those on his back, is cunning and artful.
Ile was purchased of the estate of John Bruce, Esq., of Lexington, and
when last heard from was on his way to Lexington. A liberal reward
will be given for his apprehension and delivery to the Jailor of Lexington.
Nov. 13, 1838. A. WICKLIFFE.

FOR SAT,E.
A ncgro girl 16 yoars old, and a boy about 8, both likely and healthy,
Inquire at this office.
November, G, 1838.

ILLUSTRATION VI.
A SLAVE IN SEARCH OF HIS WIFE,

RAN A WAY from the subscriber on Saturday night the 10th
inst., a yellow negro man named ADAM. He is about six feet high
and proportionably built : be has a scar on his upper lip, caused by the
kick of a horse ; had on an over-coat of light coloured coarse cloth,
and a drab coloured hat. It is probable that he will endeavour to
get to Mobile, as he has a wife there belonging (as lam informed) to
Mr. Henry' Lazarus of Mobile. Any person who will apprehend and
confine him in any gaol so I can recover him, will be rewarded by
Perry County, Nov. 17, IS3S. CHARLES CROW.
ILLINTRATIOINT vie.
VALUABLE PROPERTY AT AUCTION.

We shall offer for sale, on Thursday, the 20th day of December next,
on the premises, the Farm, Negroes, Farming Utensils, Furniture,
&c., &c., now owned by us, situated about four miles from Lexington
between Versailles and Parker's Mill Roads,

THE NEGROES number 48, 25 of whom are likely young men,
10 are boys from Bto 15 years old, 5 are women with 8 children. The
men and boys are composed of farm hands, wearers, hacklers, and
spinners.

ILLUSTRATION Till.
PUBLIC SALE OF REAL ESTATE AND NEGROES.
Will be exposed to public sale, on Monday, the 10th of Dec.
(being County Court day), a large number of
VALUABLE NEGROES,
Consisting of Men. Women, Boys, and Girls.

Among the Negroes some good factory hands, a first-rate chain.spin-
ncr and Riling do., a good house servant, two good nurses, &c.
For the Negroes a credit of twelve months will be given, with notes
with approved security.
Sale to commence at 11 o'clock, A. M.
W. A. WARNER.

ILLUSTRLTION IX.
PUBLIC SALE OF NEGROES.

By virtue of a deed of trust made to me by Charles Whelan, for the
benefit of J. W. and It. Leavitt, and of L. B. Brown, of the city of New
York, which deed is of record in Green county, I shall sell at public auc..
tion, for cash, on the main street in the town of Greensborough, on
Saturday the f 22d day of December next, a negro woman about 30 years
old, and her child about 11 months old; a negro girl about ten years
old, and a negro girl about eight years old.
Nov. 27 , IS3S. WM. T 4 APP, Trustee.

ILLUSTRATION X.
Important Trust Sale of Land and Negroes.
By virtue of a deed of trust, executed to us by William 11. Hinton, for
certain purposes therein named, bearing date 28th June, 1837, and duly
recorded in the Clerk's office of the County Court of Green, we shall pro.
ceed to sell on 'Tuesday the 11th day of December next, &c.
The land and appurtenances will be sold on a credit.

For cash, at the same time, will be sold several Negro Men, Women,
and Children, all of which may be seen and more particularly described,
and terms more explicitly made known on the clay of sale,
Eric, Ala., Nov. 5, IS3B. SIDNEY S. PERRY.
ILLVSTRATION XI.
FOR SALE,
A likely Negro woman of good qualities, sound and healthy. In-
quire at this office.
Lexington, Aug. 10, IS3S.
ILLUSTRATION NIL
Admi,istrator's Sale.

In pursuance to an order from the Orphan's Court of Dallas county,
I shall proceed to sell at public auction on Friday, the 21st December
next, at the plantation of R. W. Greening, two miles south.east of
Athens, Dallas candy, all the personal estate of R. W. Greening de-
ceased, consisting of 17 •aluable Negroes, hones and mules, plantation
tools, a quantity of corn and fodder, &c.
Nov. 17, 1836.

J. J. GREENING, Adm'r.
ILLUSTRATION XIII.

From the Elizabethtown (N. C.) Plurnix.
175 DOLLARS REWARD.
Ranaway from the Subscriber, in the month of July last, a Negro
Fellow by the name of
