- -
ROWLAND STEPHENSON.

Though the following account is long, our readers
will doubtless feel its interest and importance. Ste-
phenson's arrest and liberation are important, not
so much with reference to the individual as to the
law of nations. We believe the rule generally
adopted, is not to deliver up felons except
an agreement for that purpose has been specially
made by treaty between the nations concerned.
(From the New York Herald.)
CASE OF STEPHENSON.

NEW YORK, MARCII 18.—Friday about noon,
the pilot boat Savannah, from Savannah, anchored
in our bay, off the battery, having on board, us was
soon ascertained, the fugitive Stephenson. Sufficient
has transpired to warrant us in saying that he was vio-
lently and unlawfully seized without any form of law,
a few miles from Savannah, and conveyed to this
port, for the purpose of sending him back to Eng-
land. There is not a particle of doubt that a high
handed trespass has been committed, and that the
sovereignty of our laws has been grossly violated.—
In common with what we have no doubt is the
general feeling of the American public, we are
willing, nay, more than willing, that Rowland Ste-
phenson should stiffer the penalties due to his (in
his own country) felonious acts; but let his person
be secured by legal process, pot by abduction, and let.
justice be administered according to law. It is due
•to the American character,—Lit is due to justice,—it
is due to the sovereignty of our laws, and it is de-
manded by that equality of 'rights upon which our
Government is founded,—that this trespass upon
Rowland Stephenson, though a felon, and a fugi-
tive from justice, should be promptly punished, and
the full force of our courts and of public opinion put
in requisition to expose and bring to light every man,
from the British Consul to the cabin boy of the Sa-
vannah, who has participated in this nefarious out-
rage. If such a procedure is permitted to pass
without reprobation and punishment, in a land of
laws, of what use are the laws; or where shall
mankind look for security ? If an abduction of this
sort is allowed in one case, it may occur in others;
and soon, at the instigation of malice, or upon the
whisper of slander, the innocent and the unsuspect-
ing may be seized and transported beyond the reach
of friends, or the protection of his country.—
Mortifying to the pride of the American as
this transaction is, and cause of resentment as
it is as connected with the Englishmen who
have dared to trample down our laws, we are
glad to record the steady, enlightened, and just feel-
ing which filled the breast of an American populace
assembled in and about the City-hall, to witness the
delivery of Stephenson from the illegal bondage in
which he was held, upon the highest authority in
our land,—the writ of habeas corpus. That feeling
was all one way,—a feeling not of sympathy for the
unhappy and misguided Stephenson, but of indigna-
tion that be had been unlawfully seized and surrep-
titiously brought hither. The British Consul, see-
ing around him a determination to protect Stephen-
son in his rights, and a strong abhorrence of the
part he was supposed to have acted, wisely receded
from the course he had resolved upon, and without
debate yielded to the action of the writ of habeas
corpus.
The British Consul denies having any participa-
tion in the seizure and transportation hither of the
person of Rowland Stephenson. But the evidence
is against him, and we are compelled to say we do
not credit his protestations.
That the public may be in possession of all the
facts and details, we report the proceedings had be-
fore the Recorder as follows, at his office in the city
hall :

IN THE MATTER OF ROWLAND STEPHENSON.
The writ of habeas corpus,- Which was allowed in

this case by the Recorder of this city, about II
o'clock on Monday night, upon the application of
Mr Wiley and Mr. Allen, was returned yesterday at
one o'clock ,41 Jacob Hays, the High Constable,
who brought into the Recorder's office Rowland
Stephenson, on whose behalf the writ was issued.
Mr. Hays, having no writ, process, or legal authority
whatever to detain him, the Recorder immediately
set him at liberty. Stephenson was thereupon taken
into custody by the Sheriff of the city, and commit-
ted to the debtors' gaol, upon the civil proceaa, is-
sued iii faaour of Joseph Wilfred Parkins, where Ito
now remaine.
We cannot detail all that. transpired or picture the
scene of confusion and recrimination that occurred
h 4 the Recorder's-office, which was crowded to
excess, ae well as the vestibule of the city-hall, by an
anxious assemblage of our citizens, who exhibited
signs of great indignation, occasioned by a belief that
the individual alluded to had been attempted to be
carried out of the jurisdiction of the State, w!thout
Jonathan
felon. -The British Consul, James Buchanan, and
roceas of law, and was to be sent to England as a
abduction from the b.
'ate
being accessory to his
and severally db.':
dliue, were present upon the occasion,
Emmett,.-Esq., assured the .
udience, that he had
'a
ate of Georgia. Robert
the authority of Stephenson hims-flf, for asserting,
that the- conduct of the British Col:_cul.and Mr-
Goodhuei since his arrival in this city, ti. 74 been
kind and friendly. The assertion of Mr. Emmel`t
was conceded by Mr. Wiley, one of the counsel for
the prisoner, as being in accordance with the pri-
soner's declaration; but he remarked, that tile pri-
soner was entirely ignorant of the principals engaged
in his abduction, and could not, therefore, undertake
to se, how far the: declarations of these gentlemen
were consistent with the facts. Those, he observed,
would probably traustire hereafter, when the cir-
cumstances should become better known to the
public; and alluded to an affidavit (published above)
which•he then hatiin: his possession von that sub-
ject. Messrs. William Wiley, Matthew C. Patter-
son and Pletaaat IL May, appeared for the prisoner,
and were impelled thereto, as we understood, from
an impression that the prisoner was intended to be
forcibly put on board of some vessel and sent to
England, contrary to law.
The circumstance of his arrest at Savannah, and
subsequent treatment, as obtained from SteerensoN,
are detailed as follows :—On the afternoon of Nlona
day, the 9ila of March, he left the city of Savannah,
in company with Mr. Lloyd, for some place in the
interior, with. a horse and gig.. After proceeding
about 16 miles from the city, the gig was acciden-
tally overset, in consequence of Lloyd (who was
near sighted) driving oter a stump at the side of the
road. The gig having been broken, and Stephen-
son considerably bruised by the fall, it was judged
expedient to put up at the first house they came to.
This was done about two miles farther on, where
they remained until Tuesday night. About twelve
or one o'clock of that night, Stephenson was alarmed
by the entrance into his room of an armed clan, wlt
presented a pistol to his breast and bade 'dna sur-
render, as he was his prisoner. The first was im-
mediately followed by three other ruffians, armed
with dirks and pistols, who forcibly seized him, with
a threaVthat he must be silent, and speedily pre-
pare to follow them. After a few minutes allowed
to dress, he was deprived of his papers and trunks,
and forcibly placed into a carriage which they had
in waiting, along with Lloyd. Finding the vehicle
unable to contain the whole, Lloyd vvaS taken out
of it and left behind, three of the ruffian;'settiug
into the carriage, and the others getting on the Na,
with the coachman. They had not proceeded far,
when the carriage broke dcwn, which was tem-
porarily repaired, and they continue] driving to-
wards the city. The carriage, as alleged by Ste-
phenson, broke down five times in the course of
the ride to Savannah, and was again repaired by the
ruffians, who resigned the inside of the carriage to
him, two of them getting behind, and the other
two on the box. Those behind kept each a loaded
pistol presented towards the carriage windows:and
severally threatened to shoot him, in the event of
any noise or alarm. They hurried on in this way,
-fearfal4liat day-light might intercept them, until
they reached the rear of the city, where Stephen-
son was taken out, and carried over some floating
logs to a boat, into which he was placed, and car-
ried down the river. The ruffians never pretended
to have any writ, or legal process, against the pri-
soner, or at any rate would show none. One of
them, who said he was High Constable Hays, of
New York, said he had authority enough, and that
the prisone must submit. About eighteen miles
down the river he was transferred to the pilot-boat
Savannah, of which Mr. White was master, which
vessel immediately sailed for this city, where she
arrived on Monday afternoon about two o'clock.
On the passage his pistols were taken from him, his
hands tied, and he was otherwise barbarously treated.
It has been asserted that the ill-treatment arose
from an attempt being made by Stephenson to de-
stroy himself on the passage; but this fact he ab-
solutely denies.. He states that there were six or
seven persons on board the pilot-boat besides the
captain, the names of whom he partially recollects,
as follows :—Mr. Proctor, a pilot; Mr. Oaks, a de-
puty gaoler ; Finch, a sailor ; and Edward, a Ca-
bill-boy.
- -

Shortly after the 'arrival here, the pilot-boat wari
boarded by Mr. Buchanan, the British Consul, who
was followed by Jacob Hays, the High Constable.
Mr. Buchanan recommended Stephenson to place
himself under the protection of Bays, and advised
him to return to England. He submitted to Mr.
Hays, and accompanied him on shore, when they
proceeded to the residence of Mr. Goodhue, where
he remained until about nine o'clock, and was con-
veyed from thence to the residence of Mr. Hays, in
Lespenard4treet.
It may be proper to remark that Mr. Wiley,
about ten o'clock on Monday night, applied to Mr.
Hays, at his residence, for the purpose of ascertain-
ing the fact of Stephenson's arrest, and the ground
of detention. Mr. Hays admitted that he had
arrested Stephenson during the afternoon ; that he
had so arrested him by virtue of a deputation upon
a writ issued out of the United States Court; that
he was not then in his custody; that he did not
know where he was; that his son, Benjamin Hays,
had him in custody, but where he did not know.
At the time this conversation took place with Mr.

Hays, Stephenson was then in the house of Hays,
and had not been arrested by virtue of any writ or
deputation, nor had any been issued out of the
United States Court !
The habeas corpus was allowed principally upon
the affidavit of Mr. Allen, although two other affi-
davits of W. B. Townsend and W. Wiley, were
added.
The attempt to serve the writ upon Mr. Goodhue
was unsuccessful upon the night it issued, in con-
sequence of the refusal of the persons in his house
to open the door : it was accordingly delayed until
yesterday morning, as was also the service of the
writs upon other individuals named in the process.
The number of persons assembled at the City-hall
was so great, that we are informed the doors of the
room in which the Recorder heard the case was
crowded from their hinges. _ _

White, the master of the Savannah, informed
Stephenson that he was to receive 500 dollars us a
compensation for bringing him into this city.
A writ was issued to apprehend the persons on
board of the Savannah, which vessel lay off the bat-
terpuntil half-past 11 last evening, at which time
she got under weigh, with a fresh breeze from the
N. W.

The officers who had been on board of her about
half an hour previously, and found no person on
board, immediately went in pursuit of her in the
custom-house boat, rowed with six oars. The re-
sult was not known when our paper went to press.

OXFORD, cIICUIT, GLOUCESTER.—GRIM.
Cox...WALus, Esq. v. Exam, Esq.—This was an
action brought against the defendant for trim. con. with
the plaintiff's wife. A verdict was entered for the plain-
tiff.—Dattiages 2,0001.

SPIRIT OF THE LONDON JOURNALS.

The Irish Disfranchisement Bill passed through
the Committee of the Lords last night, and will,
with its companion, the Catholic Relief Bill, be read
a third time this night. There was nothing worthy
of peculiar notice in the discussion on the Bill; but)
previous to the Committee, the Earl of Claticarty
exhibited a disposition which had the merit at least
of eliciting some candid and spirited remarks from
the Duke of Richmond. The proposed discussion
on the silk trade has 'been, on the representation of
Mr. Vesey Fitzgerald to Mr. Fyler, postponed
until Monday next ; but we perceive with much
pleasure, that it is not the design of his
Majesty's Government to yield to the •unreflt st-
ing cry against (at least) a moderation of the duties.
On the motion of Mr. Lennart', a Committee was
last night appointed to consider the law of patents
for inventions. The subject is an important one, and
we think an inquiry may serve to remove a great
deal of prejudice and erroneous opinion. Without
at present discussing the justice and expediency of
the principle of the privilege conferred by law on
patentees, we may state, t'nat the persons now le-
gally invested with the power of granting or re-
fusing patents, ere not by any means the best qua-
lified to 'Lecide questions of mechanical science.
There. i4l),,hing in the studies or the' office of At-
"aikney or Solicitor-General which can peculiarly fit
a man to appreciate the exact merits of a power-
loom, or a spinning-jenny,—of a steam-engine, or a
priming-press.—Tinter.
Having already submitted some remarks upon the
necessity of reducing the present silk duties, and on
the striking circumstance that the British motufactu-
ters themselves, having failed in their senseless cla-
mour for a prohibition of foreign silks, have adopted
the more reasonable policy of petitioning for a reduc-
tion of the duties, we shall now do little more than
point attention to a paper in this day's journal, on the
-t!xtreme tardiness of the English throwsters in per-
belying how their own interest is identified with a di-
Minution of the import duties on Italian silk. Of the
latter article a certain portion is required to mix
with that of India, and for the finer fabrics a large
ipantity of it is indispensable. If, then, in order to
make goods that will sell, we stand in present need
tit the thrown silks of Italy, it becomes quite obvious
that the foreign thrown is an instrument for getting off
The thrown silk of this country ; and that any dis-
couragement of the foreign throwster tends to the
general contraction of the silk trade, and to a fall in
the demand for English thrown silk, as a branch of
it. As a proof that a reduction of the duty on thrown
silk does not work a disadvantageous increase in the
importation of the article, it is stated that in 'the
year 1824, when the duty was 7s. 6d. per lb., the
thrown silk imported was 452,00011 Y., or one-eighth
the wink quantity (raw and thrown included) ;
whereas, after a reduction of the tax to 35., the im-
portation of thrown silk was 435,0001bF.., or one-
tenth only of the entire importation. From this
fact also may be inferred, how much the aggregate
amount of the raw material imported into England
had been extended since the reduction of the duties,
and how greatly the manufacture must have in-
creased. The English throwster'is sure of having
the whole of the importation of. India silk to him-
; because, from India, none but raw silk is im-
ported. In five years, ending with December, 1828,
that description of silk•has amounted to more than
7,000,0001b5. ; and of 11,000,0001b5. brought from
Italy during the same period, not one-fifth was
throWn. The British throWster then, as we con-
eive, has little cause to murmur at past reduc-
tion.; in the tax, and as little to fear from future
ones.—lbid.

Before going into a Committee laSt "bight; on the
Disfranchisement Bill, some objections were stated
by the Marquis of Lansdowne to the measure's being
retrospective. One of the reasons " which made him
desirous that the measure should be gradual rather
than immediate, was a consideration of the state of
the population of Ireland; and in this opinion he
was joined by other Noble Lords, who were best ac-
quainted with the political state of that country. 1
was one of those (he added) who thought that the
population of Ireland was much too great for the
means of subsistence in that country. The effect of
the measure for the creation of the forty. shilling free-
holders in that country had been to raise the popu-
lation beyond its natural and proper limits, and that,
too, for pm poses which had not the least reference
to the interests of the people themselves, or the in-
crease of their industry and comforts, but for objects
of a widely different description. The effect of that
measure was to operate as a stimulus to the landlords
to crowtl their estates with forty-shilling freeholders,
who were entirely dependent on them, and whose
votes at elections they could command at pleasure;
and one reason achy he dreaded the effect of this mea-
sure, in as far as it was retrospective, was, that it
would operate as too strong a stimulus the other
way, and form a temptation to the landlords to re-
move the population too suddenly from their estates
—a kind of re-action which was already in operation.
It was one pf the most difficult things which a land-
lord had to encounter in the present state of Ire-
land, when lie wished to diminish the number on his
estate, for the sake Of improvement, to ascertain
where and how the people whom he might be desi-
rous to remove could be accommodated ; for he
must be a man, he would not say of strong, but of
iron nerves, who could turn out great numbers from
his estate, without kno;ving where they could be
harboured.—(Heir, hear.)—lt was no answer to
say that these people had teases, for the leases of
the greater portion of these forty-shilling free-
holders formed no protection whatever, for they
were entirely at the mercy of their landlords ;
and it certainly required both great , judgment
and. delicacy in the landlords in removing the
superabundant population on their estates, although
they had unquestionably tlse legal right so
to do." With us the very circumstances stated by
the Noble Marquis would be an inducement to
wish the Bill to have a retrospective effect; for, if
the great evil of Ireland be this superabundant po-
pulation, whatever causes this excess of population
should be grappled with immediately. The evil of
Ireland is the circumstance stated by his Lordship,
that any man should have the power of " turning
out great numbers from his estate, without their
knowing where they could be harboured." While
Such a state of things is sanctioned by law, Ireland
must continue to be disturbed. This is worse, far
worse, than the state of things in Russia, Poland,
or any country where slavery exists;' for duce the
people cannot be turned adrift on the world. They
have a home. The Irish have none. Good God
only think of a law allowing a man to call thousands
of beings into existence on his estate, and then,
ivithout ceremony, passing sentence of extermina-
tion on them, by clearing his estate .of them,
they not knowing where to lay their 'heads. If
we wish that life and property should he re-
spected, we must cause the law to respect life
and property. The poor creatures so detruded be-
take themselves to the lex talionis—the only law
to which they can betake themselves. No State
ought to place any object in competition with the
lives of the people, without a sacred respect for
which there can be neither order nor tranquillity.—
The remedy which the exigency calls for is not the
continuance of the forty-shilling freeholder system ;
but the imposition of poor-rates, which would com-
pel the Church to contribute part of its enormous
wealth to the relief of the poor,,and, would compel
the owners of estates to. think of the improvement
of the people as well as of the improvement of their
estates. The Marquis of Clairicarde observed, in
illustration of the remarks of Lord Lansdowne,
" Most of the freeholders held under-leases, and as
the Noble Man:leis (Lansdowne) had justly re-
rataked, :wereirittler pecuniary obligations to .their
landlords. In-Ireland there was what was called a
running_pder-hywhich was. meant, that the te-
nant WO ball a rear's rent in arrear. To compel
bits to pay_ thar...twrgctr would, be his ruin, and he
int4kall_wher were:4o4%4oi , and no doubt
be:: turned. otit by ejettment. covenants
foFhiis -protection were /seldom inserted, and the
• -

suffering would he general and extreme. On the
ground of humanity only, it behoved the. House to
reflect before it adopted this Bill. The Irish peasant
would be driven from his home—a home which he
cherished, although not replete with luxuries; and-
compelled to -seek a living in a foreign country,
either as a beggar or a bandit. Some Noble Lords
had complained of the invasion of England by the
lower order of Irish; but if this Bill were passed,
the evil would be increased as far as related to this
c fruntry, .and it would be extended to others." Now
We have only to observe, that we do not believe in
the practicability of any general expulsion of the
lower Irish from their possessions; but, at all events,
s:)me other remedy is required for such an evil than
the perpetuating a system which creates a super-
abundant population. Make the land chargeable
with the poor, and we will answer for it they will
take care the population do not become redundant.—
Morning Chronicle.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION-HOUSE.

.luhn Edwards, the waiter to a public-house in the
parish of St. James, was brought up, charged with being
the father of an illegitimate child, to the support of which
he ilid not at all contribute.

A young woman, who resided in the neighbourhood in
wh;cl, the defendant was a waiter, swore that she used to
go to the house for beer, and that the defendant was parti-
cularly civil and attentive to her. At last she found that
all this kindness and politeness had a bad object, for hav-
ing had occasion to ask him to marry her according to pro-
m;se, he refused, and afterwards having asked him to sup-
port their child, he was in that respect also minus.
The Loan MAYOR—WeII, defendant, what do you in-
tend to do? This poor girl has lost her situation and her
character by you, are you disposed to act like a man of
honour to her? Defendant—l am, my Lord, ready to
marry her ; but if I did so without a portion, perhaps I
should bring more obligation upon the parish. If the parish
or your Lordship will set her off with a little property, we'll
begin the world together—if you don't, what can we do?
111 marry her any way, if you choose, but then we must
starve in the midst of our family, and what good will
that do ?

The Loan MAVOR said, that if either parishes or Ma-
gistrates complied with requests of that nature, they would
be nothing better than couple-beggars. Defendant—l only
ask what will just make us comfortable. I have lived long
in the parish as master of the house I am now waiter in,
and they won't do any thing for me. I was landlord long
enough to entitle me to something.
Mr. Holder—Well, you must get bail to answer for your
providing for your child. The city is not to pay for your
children. You must send for two of your old customers
to hail you. Defendant-31y customers ! You might as
well tell me to get strangers to bail me.
Mr. Nobler—What ! Are not you, who were a land-
lord, able to induce any of your former friends to answer
for you? Defendant—Not one. I took the wrong course.
I gave them credit one after another, and they soon left me.
If ever I have a house again, I shall know how to keep
my friends about me.
A licensed victualler stated, that it was the fact, that
the unfortunate waiter bad been reduced from a sporting
landlord to his present state, by giving tick to his customers.
who, when they found that he was soft, introduced several
other., until they all introduced him to the Gazette.
The Loan MA cox a,iid, that the case was a caution to
all publicans, who were to be less excused than other
people for giving credit, inasmuch as people who incurred
debts of that kind were less likely to pay than those who
ran other scores ; tor di ink was sure to make people
forget.—( Laughter. )
The parish expressed their willingness to take the
smallest sum possible for the support of the child ; hut
the waiter declared it was wholly out of his power to find
one of his old friends.—(Laughter.)—He was then re-
manded in default of hail.
GUILDHALL.

Mr. Chaplin or Chapman, a, schoolmaster in Great
Prescot- street, Goodman's-fields, presented himself yester-
day, before Mr. Alderman SCHOLEY, to require hint to
administer the oaths of allegiance and suprendacy to him,
hear him snake a declaration that he believed the Scrip-
tures, as commonly received among Protestant churchea,
contained the revealed will of God, and that he received
the same as the rule of his doctrine and practice ; and also
to witness his subscribing to the declaration against
Popery ; all which the statute (52 Geo. 111., c. 155)
prescribed as a qualification to become a preach, r of the
gospel.
Mr. Alderman SCHOLEY inquired of the clerk whether
the law did not require Lino to investigate, in the first
instance, the fitness of the man for the duty—hie education,
character, and means ? " No, Sir," replied Mr. Payne,
" the law is silent upon that head. It only says, that any
person who shall teach in any congregation with Out taking
and making the oaths and declarations, shall be liable to
certain penalties."
Mr. Alderman SCHOLEY—Then any person whatever
may qualify for a preacher? Clerk—Yes, Sir.
The Magistrate asked the applicant what particular
tenets he professed?—The applicant said he was a general
B iptist.
Magistrate—What have you been brought up to? Ap-
plicant—l aul a schoolmaster.
Magistrate—Do you teach boys and girls ? Aprlicant
—Boys only, Sir.
Magistrate—l dire say you will laugh at what lam
going to say, but I would have you be cautious how you
attempt to influence the mind.; of the youth who come to
you for instruction. Do not persuade them to your chapel.
Applicant—Sir, I always leave the parents to decide
what platies of worship their children shall attend.
Magistrate—Have you any congregation, or any chapel
in view? Applicant—l expect to succeed the Reverend
Mr. Evans of Islington.

Magistrate—What income have you ? Applicant—My
income is derived from my school.
Magistrate—l suppose you will undergo some ordeal—
some examination before you are permitted to try to
preach ? Applicant—No, Sir—none.
Magistrate—lndeed and pray how will you derive a
remuneration for your services? Applicant—From the
contributions of the c..ngregation.
Magistrate—Well, as you have expressed your deter-
mination not to interfere with the opinions of your pupils
on points of religion, and in the hope that you have duly
weighed the importance of the charge you are taking on
yourself, I wish you success.
The applicant then went through the requited forms.
BOW-STREET.

Yesterday an elderly gentleman waited upon Mr. MlN-
situr.r., and stated that as he was passing along Fleet-
street, near Temple-bar, about half an hour before, he was
hustled by a group of well-dressed men, and robbed of his
gold watch and a valuable diamond pin. He was so de-
ceived by
.the appearance of the men, that he considered
the obstruction he had met with as merely the effect of ac-
cident, until he discovered his loss which he did a very few
minutes after the robbery took place.
Mr. Milisne Li, expressed his astonishment that a rob-
bery of so daring a description could have occurred in such
a crowded thoroughfare, and in the middle of the noon
day. He referred the gentleman to the Mansion-house or
Guildhall, as the robbery occurred in the city.
