DISTURBANCES IN HUNGARY.

A private letter from Berlin, dated Feb. 7, states that
the news of the disturbances in Hungary is confirmed.
A letter from Prague speaks of them with certainty; but
in order not to weaken the political influence of Austria,
not to allow it to be believed abroad that such a thing is
possible in the states of his Apostolical Majesty, no
Journal is to make mention of it. The cause, though
unknown, is attributed to the arrangements of Cracow
and the extermination of Polish nationality by the Em-
peror Nicholas. The Hungarians are warmly at-
tached to the Polish nation, and they complain
aloud of Austria's aiding Russia in the subjugation of
that nation, but M. Von Metternich persuaded the Mag-
nates that the clemency of Nicholas would lot exemplary,
and that the peace of Europe depended solely on the con-
quest of Poland. Since Warsaw is reduced to subjection,
Metternich's promises unaccomplished, and the preserve
tion of peace not very positive, dissatisfaction against the
Government could no longer be concealed. These are
the principal causes of the disturbances in Hungary. The
last couriers from Vienna, which have followed one
another in quick succession, have already announced this
intelligence to our Government. General Clam Marignac
is here only to alter the principles of Russia on the subject
of Cracow.

FRENCH FUNDS, PARIS, FEB. 18.—Five per Cents., opened at
96f. 95c., closed at 97E ; Three per Cents., opened at 66f. 35c.,
closed at 66f. 45c. ; Bank Actions, 1,615 f. ; Rente de Naples, 77f.
85c. 80c. ; Royal Spanish Loan, 754 ; Rente Perpetue lle
d'Espagne, opened at 59%, closed at 59%. Exchange on Lon-
don, one month, paper, 951:45c.; money, 25f. 45c.; three months,
paper, 25f. 25c. ; money, 2.5 f. 25c.

We point attention to another column, for the
particulars of an insurrection, which broke out
among the slaves in Jamaica, but which was
partially suppressed by the prompt interference of
the military. We fear that matters will never
go on right in the West Indies, until
Ministers take up the question much in the same
way they interfered for Ireland, with respect to
the tithe system. Whatever may be said against
slavery, and with justice, we suspect that the
poor planters are now as much misrepresented
and harrassed, as the condition of the slaves
is exaggerated from mistaken notions of huma-
nity and cant. A reduction of the duty on sugars
and other colonial produce, would go far to re-
concile the differences at present existing, and
pave the way for that general amelioration which
must be as desirable to the master as to the slave.

Hamburg and German Papers have beer,
received this morning. An article dated Berlin
alludes to the mission of Count ORLOFF as be.
ing of a very pacific character, in consequence
of which the Funds rose. Although the Bel-
gian treaty is not ratified by Russia, yet the in-
structions given to Count ORLoFF are of such a
character as to require no reference for fuller
powers. He may ratify, or not, according to
circumstances. Upon the strength of this Russia
is said to be disarming, which is the best com-
mentary she can make in reliance of her sincerity
in the belief of peace continuing ; and Prussia
is a good judge.

DON PEDRO.—During the stay of Don
PEDRo in Paris he received the offer of a Polish Legion
for his expedition against the Usurper. I, has been ac-
cepted, and arrangements are making for the conveyance
of about thirty Polish officers, and several hundred privates
to Terceira.— Court Journal.

Mr. CHOKER iS furnishing the most splendid
library in the metropolis. The carvings are of the richest
description, and the whole will cost not less th in 5 00W.—
pretty well for a retired clerk ! The coon ry would he
grateful to him if he would relinquish the two pensions
given to his niece—for what ?—Alarming Advertiser.
FUNERAL PER VAST—On Thursday morn-
ing, a packing case arrived at Chesterfield, by PICKFORD'S
waggon, from Manchester, directed to " THOMAS WHITE.
Shirland, near Chesterfield," and entered on the way bill,
" A corpse, to pay 10s. carriage." This extraordinary
entry very naturally excited so much suspicion that the
case was opened at PicKroith's warehouse. It was found
to contain a new coffin, on the plate of which was the in-
scription" THOMAS TOWNDROW, died January 28, 1632,
aged 69." The coroner was made acquainted with the
circumstance. A constable was sent over to Mr. WityrF.,
and it was supposed that this was merely a fictitious ad-
dress, and that the dissection table was the real destination
of the corpse. The suspicion was but suspicion, for on
that same evening the case was claimed. It seems that the
deceased, who had died at Manchester, wished to have his
remains interred at Shirland, and his friends had chosen
this mode of conveyance as the least expensive. Only for
this explanation what " a tale of mystery" the affair would
have been !—Derbyshire courier.
MEMOIRS OF MADAME JUNOT•--NotWith-
standing so niany French Memoirs have lately been pub •
lished, none, until the present curious and interesting
Chaussee d'Antin,
work has given what may. be called the private history of
uaairnt'e r sa spa
af
the
Paris. Of the hidden
thethe
Fmaottsbtoufragsh
transactions which originated in these neighbourhoods,
;Ott; fashionable
and which could often be traced to female influence, no
one is able to give so true an account as the fair writer of
the memoirs in question, and it is fortunate for the lover
of truth, that Madame JCNOT is sufficiently courageous to
disclose the whole extent of her knowledge.
A SLEEPY HAT.—" Why, 808, what a
Sleepy hat : What do you
sleepy hat you've got !"
mean be that ?" Why, it must be sleepy ; it is
so long
since it had a nap !"
