EXTRA STOCK-CATTLE.

A Silver Medal to the exhibitor of the best beast in
extra stock, be adjudged to Mr. C. Strick►and, for her
5 years and 10 months' old Durham Ox, bred on her farm,
at Apperley Court, Tewkesbury ; fed on grass, turnips,
mangel worzel, and oil cake.
The Earl of Kintore, a .5 years and 6 months' old Kin.
tore Scot Ox, bred by his Lordship; fed on the farm of
Harvey Combe, Esq., at Cobham.—The Judges noticed
this Ox as an extraordinary animal.
Mr. James Rhodes, of Islington, an 8 years old short-
horned Cow.

Lord Viscount Gage, a 9 years and 9 months' old Sus-
sex Ox ; bred by Mr. Stace, West Firle, and fed by his
Lordship.

Henry Perkins, Esq., a 3 years and 2 months' short-
horned Yorkshire Ox ; bred by himself.
Mr. William Perkins, a 4 years and 6 months' Scot.
Mr, Richard Kitelee, of Castlethorpe, Stoney Strat-
ford, an under 6 years' old Hereford Ox ; bred by R. Bed-
dulph, Esq., of Hereford; fed on grass, hsy, and oil cake;
came in a boat 70 miles.

EXTRA STOCK—SHEEP.
A Silver Medal to the exhibitor of the best long-woolled
Sheep, be adjudged to Mr. T. E. Pawlett, of Tinwell,
Stamford, for his 4 years' old Leicester Ewe : bred by
himself.

Samuel Sandon, Esq., of Northill, two 5 years' old
long-woolled Ewes; bred and fed by himself.—The
Judges commended.

Mr. Thomas Carpenter, of Chipping Norton, a 6 years
and 8 months' old mixed Leicester and Cotswold Ewe ;
bred by himself ; has had five lambs.—The Judges com-
mended.

Mr. John Painter, of Oakham, a 32 months' old
Leicester Sheep; bred by himself.—The Judges com-
mended.

Charles Stoke, Esq., a 21 months' old Leicester Wether ;
bred awl fed by him.
Richard Garratt, Dig., of Great Harrowden, three 33
months' old Leicester Wetbers.

Mr. Henry Hensman, Kettering, two 33 months' old
Wethers ; bred and fed by him.

A Silver Medal to the exhibitor of the best short
woolled sheep, be adjudged to Thomas Ellman, of Bedding
barn, near Lewes, for his 2 years' old South Down ; bred
by himself.
The Duke of Richmond's 32 months' old South
Down ; bled by his Lordship.
Messrs. G. Borrowdale and W.W. Taylor, of Chigwell,
4 years' old Chiviot blethers.
EXTRA STOCK—PIGS.
A Silver Medal to the exhibitor of the best Pig, in extr.
stock—To Mr. Thomas Skirle, of St. John's-street, Smith
field, for his 10 mouth' old Buckinghamshire Pig, bro

Messrs. Thos. Gibbs and Co., seedsmen,&c., exhibited,
in the lofts above the cattle, a collection of 60 different
species or varieties of natural grass seeds, &c., all neatly
arranged in !lags, and a large assortment of mange] wur-
zel, kohl rabin, turnip., &c.
Mr. J. Hunt, of Lambeth, has samples of bones grouhd
for manure, and several very ingenious and useful MTh-
inents of agriculture.
Messrs. Cormacks seem desirous tastefully to compete
in rivalship with Messrs Gibbs ; but to attempt an enu-
meration of the useful agricultural implements there exhi-
uited by Messrs. Wedlake, Plenty, and others, would be
tedious to our readers—we particularly noticed a very neat
improvement of the Road Culler, and Mr. Wedlake's
Patent Plough.

The show—of Animals in Class 11. and 111. has seldom
been excelled. The club held a meeting of business, and
we learnt that their funds are in a thriving and prosperous
state, and a long list of new members were elected, and
much of their routine business w,s transacted, which
would not be interesting to introduce here.

GENERAL ELECIIO

SHEFFIELD, DFc.

Much discussion has taken place to-day teepee:-
ing the melancholy occurrences of last night. There
is, as usual, now the danger has apparently vanished,
a disposition to blame the Magistrates and the mili-
tary ; but it would have been a shameful ahandm,
went of their duty if the conservators of the public
peace had, at a late hour in the evening, left the
town in possession of a mob, whose disposition to
lawless proceedings and bad temper had been so
unequivocally displayed. There is not any doubt
that had the snob retained possession of. the town,
the scenes of Bristol would have met our eye:.
Lord Wbarncliffe, the Rev. W. Alderson, Bev.
G. Chandler, Henry Walker, E:q., and other Mauis-
races, assembled during the morning at the Town-
hall. Some of the Barnsley cavalry arrived to assist
in preservHg the peace. Great numbers of people
assembled in front of the Tontine, but no lawless
acts took place. They contented themselves with
hooting the yeomanry as they arrived. The Ma.
gistrates issued several judicious orders with a view
of insuring tranquillity. These regulations had the
most salutary effect, and there ;s little doubt that
the peace will now be preserved.
SUNDAY 'MORNING.

Order reigns in Sheffield. The state of the poll tlll5
declared as unobtrusively as possible yesterday. The:
chairmen of the different committees issued a notice
stating that no addresses would be delivered by the
candidates. The streets are still patrolled.

BIRMINGHAM-CHAIRING OF THE

MEMBERS.

Monday was a proud day in the annals of Ili] -
mingarn, it was the seal set upon the triumph of her
u.igazitic efforts in the cause of Reform, 11,1esrs. Ad-
wood and Scholefield, the returned Members in the
Reformed Parliament, the first national assewbly
which the interests of this important town will be.
represented, being on that day triumphantly chaired.
As early as half-past 8 o'clock on Monday morning
crowds of people gathered in the neighbourhood of
the Fiveways turnpike-gate, the place appointed by
the committees and friends of the Members for a
general rendezvous. About half-past 10 the car or
chair, for the reception of the Members, made its
appearance on the ground. It was of a mythological
character, similar in shape to an extended shell, and
mounted high upon:a four-wheeled frame, the spokes
and felloes of which were twined with laurel, and
the points of the axletrees ornamented with rosettes
of silk a foot in diameter. The interior of the car
was also lined with blue and crimson silk, and the
exterior covered with the same materials studded
over with silver stars. It was drawn by six grey
horses, ridden by postillions in striped jackets. The
whole had a most imposing effect, and was indeed
gorgeous.

- After the whole preparation had been completed
for insuring the order and good conduct of the pro-
cession, it moved forward through the principal
streets to the Hen and Chickens, New-street. The
bells of the several churches rung peals, and all things
wore the appearance of a general day of holyday and
rejoicing. We have not heard of a single accident
having happened, though the crush was dreadful,
nor was the procession disgraced, as far as our ob-
servation went, by the presence of a single intoxi-
cated person. At one time there could not have
been less than .50,000 persons assembled, and we
believe that there was not a single hired carriage or
horse in the town but what was pressed into the
service of the procession.

EAST NORFOLK.—THE NOMINATION.
On Monday morning, the nomination of ihe can-
didates for the eastern division of the courey took
place at the Shire-hall, Norwich. As soon as the
doors were opened, the Court was filled with the
respective supporters of Lord Henry Chulmondeley
and N. W. Peach,Eq., the candidates in the Con-
servative interest, and of the Hon. Major Keppel
and W. H. Windham, Esq., on the Ministerial side.
The usual formalities having been observed,
JOHN PETRE, Esq., of Westwick-hall, begged to
nominate Lord Henry Cholmondeley as a fit and
proper person to represent the eastern division of
the county of Norfolk.
Sir H. BERNEY seconded the nomination.
Lord HENRY CHOLMONDELEY presented himself
to the electors, but it was wine time before he
could gain a hearing. He would nor detain them
longer, further than to express his confidence that
the result of the election would be the triumph of his
Hon. Friend and hiniself.—(Cheers and groans.)
EDWARD LoMBE, Esq., begged to nominate the
Hots. Major George Keppel as a ca. didate.—( Loud
mina-, with tokens of disapprobation from the op-
posite party.)
JOSEPHetodhni
presentst sni cds
ieEoTI
rfaK
L
e
e
no pledges.
AdministrationE bumbleps qp.E, e
ocnobnuadtdedidnr
addressing
shepi
enengro:
dhmteohi
tladets
ueogrci
o
tpc.eootrrtTsteehrrr of
fettered
by
THOMAS TRENCH BERNEY, Esq., begged to tt
commend to the notice of the electors Mr. peach.
JOHN THURSTON MOTT, Esq, seconded the
urination.
M. PEACH rose to speak. It was ,

SO Ul7l LINGO LNSIIII?E.
The election for two Members to represent the
southern division of Lincolnshire iu the Reformed
House of Commons took place on Monday at Seaford.
Mr. Handley, a stanch Whig, and Mr. Heathcote,
on the same principles, were the two candidates.
The hustings were erected in the market-place,
:and the usual formalities having been observed, a
contest of voices took place for the honour of prece-
dence in the nomination, the partisans of Mr. Heath-
cute foolishly endeavouring to obtain it for that gen-
ilemau, but the immense majority of Mr. Handley's
friends showing on which side the public voice was.
Mr. TUNNARD, of Frampton, near Boston, came
forward amid immense cheering, and proposed Henry
Handley, Esq., of Culverthorpe, as one of the Mem-
bers for the southern division of the county.
Major BnowNE, of Welbourne, seconded the no-
mination.

Sir ROBERT HERON proposed Mr. Heathcote.
Sir C. SMITH, Bart., seconded the nomination.
Esch of the gentlemen spoke, and were patiently
beard. After which,
Mr. HANDLEY at some length addressed the elec-
tors, and was loudly cheered.
Mr. HEATlicom followed him in a short speech.
No other gentleman addresed the electors, nor
Was any other candidate put in nomination. A
show of hands was taken, when a large majority
appeared for Mr. Handley, a fair show for Mr.
Heathcote, and those gentlemen were declared duly
elected. After returning thanks, they were chaired I
with all due honours.

EAST SUSSEX—LEWES, DEC. 18.
The nomination of the candidates for the eastern
division of this county took place this day here. At
10 o'clock, the appointed hour, Mr. Curteis, at•
ended by a numerous assemblage of electors, ap-
peHred on the hustings. Next came Mr. Darby,
escorted in procession by several persons mounted
on horseback, and in carriages. After some few mi-
nutes had elapsed, Mr. Cavendish arrived; the Hon.
Gentleman was loudly cheered by the assembled
multitude.

THOMAS REID KEMP, Esq., came forward and
proposed Herbert Curteis, E q , as a lit and proper
person to represent the eastern division of this
county in the next Parliament.—(Loud cheers fol-
lowed for some time.)
Mr. SHARP seconded the nomination.

INIGO THOMAS, Esq., felt proud on being the per-
son selected to put in nomination Charles Compton
Cavendish, Esq.
Sir C. BLUNT, M.P., seconded the nomination,
amidst the most deafening cheers, which lasted for
some minutes.

Mr. WOODWARD proposed Mr. George Darby in
a long speech, during the delivery of which he was
at various times hissed and groaned at.
Colonel SHIFTNER seconded the nomination.
On a show of hands the Sheriff declared that the
friends of Mr. Curteis arid Mr. Cavendish had the
most; a poll was demanded for Mr. Darby, which
will commence on Friday, at the four different places
named for that purpose.
A vote of thanks was moved to Mr. Mabbot, for
his impartial conduct, and the meeting separated.

NORTH RIDING OF YORKSHIRE.
NOMINATION DAY, DEC. 17.
This being the day appointed for the nomination
of candidates for the representation of the North
Riding, the High Sheriff held a Court in the Castle-
yard at York for that purpose. The candidates are
John Charles Ramsden, Eq., late Member of Par-
liament for the county of York, a most honourable,
independent, and consistent politician, who has for
twenty years had a seat in Parliament, and invaria-
bly voted for liberty, both civil and religious; E. S.
Cayley, Esq., a man of liberal political principles,
but holding many erroneous opinions, as we think,
on questions of political economy and on the corn
laws, in which he abogether differs from the body
of his party ; the Hon. William Duncombe, a Tory,
and ex-member of Parliament for Yorkshire, having
been obliged to decline a contest last year on ac-
count of the extreme ardour of the people of this
county in favour of the Reform Bill, which he had
opposed; and Martin Stapylton, Esq., a man of
general liberal opinions, but somewhat eccentric in
many of his views ; he made a sort of sham contest
for Yorkshire in 1830, when Mr. Brougham was
returned, when a few hundred hands were held up
for him, and about 100 votes polled, and who has
been very assiduously canvassing the North Riding
for a considerable time. At a quarter to eleven
o'clock the High Sheriff opened the Court.
The Hon. T. thisams, late M.P. for the city of
York, proposed Mr. Rarnsden as a person %Nell cal-
culated to represent the interests of the North Rid-
ing in Parliament.
Sir J. V. B. JoHNsTONE, M.P., seconded the no-

urination.
Mr. MORRITT, of Rokeby, put in nomination his
lion. Friend, Mr. William Duncombe.
Si. W. FOULKES seconded the nomination.
Mr. BROTHERTON, a tenant of Mr. Stapylton,
proposed that gentleman, and he was seconded by
Mr. T. ANDERSON, also a tenant, at Mytou,
Mr. WORSLEY proposed Mr. Cayley.
Mr. WILKS WAUD seconded the nomination.
No other eandidatt being proposed,
Mr. RAMSDEN presented himself amidst cheers,
and said, the corn laws were the fruits of that sys-
tem of misgovernment which the Tories had car-
ried on for 70 years, which had likewise created the
debt; and it ought to be their care, by a wise
choice of representatives, to prevent any increase
of that debt.—(Applause.) [lt here began to rain
S ery violently, and continued to do so through the ,

}t Was Ithientable, that what part any individual re-
'tamed. must take it was impossible to say, without
kf''lng that which no man at present was capable
of conjecturing, viz., what was the course intended
loe pursued by his Majesty's Ministers.? His
Majesty's Government had been too much engaged,
it appeared, with the great measure of Reform to
chink of any other matter, unless it were the re-
demption of the pledges of non-intervention
(" Hear" and cheers, mingled with hisses)—with
other countries; or how to avert a war in Europe
by waging war against the King of Holland—
(Cheers)—without the advice or consulting the dij.
position of Parliament as to providing the means of
defraying the expenses of that war.—(Hear.) That
war was commenced for no British object, but was
merely to strengthen the hands of the French Mi-
nisters, and assist them in their desire for giving new
Governments.
WILLIAM EARLE LYTTON I3ULWLR, roe
and nominated William Windham, Esq., of Felbrigg,
as a fit and proper person to represent the eastern
division of the county in Parliament.
RICHARD HANBURY GURNEY, Esq., seconded
the nomination.

Mr. WINDHAM was not the pledged adherent o
:any Administration, but he would support any Ad.
ministration that showed they were the lover 6,
liberty, cheap government, and the reformation of al
abuses.

The latter part of the proceedings exhibited a
complete scene of confusion, from the excitement cf
the conflicting parties.
Mr. COKE, who was present, addressed the elec-
tors at considerable length, thanking them for alp
the kindness he had received, and not at the sami-
time missing the opportunity to express his love for
the Tories, to whom he attributed all that was bad.
The Hon. E. HARBoARD, eldest son of Lord
Suffield, a ♦ery young man, made a speech respect-
ing the abolition of slavery.
J. J. GURNEY, Esq., also addressed the electors
upon the same subject, and stated that they ought
to vote for no one who would not pledge himself to
support a measure for the immediate emancipation
of the slaves,

The HIGH SHERIFF' took a show of hands for the
four candidates, which he declared to be in favour
of Major Keppel and Mr. Wyndham. A poll wa,
demanded by Mr. Petre, on behalf of Lord Henry
Cholmondeliey and Mr. Peach. The polling com-
mences on Thursday next.
