We learn from Copenhagen that the Danish Go-
vernment has granted an engineer an exclusive privilege for
running steam-coaches on the public road between flemburgh
and Kiel. The road is stated to be well adapted for the pur-
pose, having heen recently Macadamized, and being quite
level nearly the whole way ; but it seems that the steam-car-
riages which are to run upon it have still to be sought after ;
the grantee of the privilege having nothing of his own in this
way to bring forward, and relying entirely on the " resources
of English ingenuity." As " English ingenuity," however,
has not been able to make steam-carriages sat common roads a
profitable speculation at home, there is no reason to expect that
that it would be more successful in this respect abroad...—.
Railway Times.

STEAM TO TORNEA.—At Vasa, in Russian Fin-
land, a town of less than four thousand inhabitants, a Joint-
Stock Company has recently been formed for establishing a
steam-boat to ply along the eastern shores of the Gulph of
Bothnia. It is to go regularly from Abo to Uleaborg, to
touch at the towns which lie between them, and also at Swe-
dish Umea. In the middle of summer it is to take a pleasure
jaunt to Tomes, when the passengers are to he allowed to
remain on shore long enough to enjoy the celebrated sight,
which Tornea is the most eligible spot for witnessing, of the
sun above the horizon at midnight on the longest day. The
whole project has done honour to the march of intellect in
Finland, as much so ns the recent translation of Shakspeare's
Macbeth into Finnish.—Railway Times.

On Monday a soldier was tried by a district Court-
martial, for the crime of sleeping on his post when on sentry,
tile officer on duty having found him in that state. The pro-
ceedings were forwarded for the approval of Lord Hill, who
commands this district as its general officer.—Brighton Gat.
PAVED AND MACADAMISED iIIOADS.--It ap-
pears that Blackfriars-bridge requires for keeping it in a pro..
per state of repair 1,000/. per annum when macadamised ;
but it was kept in repair as a paved road-way for an annual
average sum of 1201. By a return presented to the House of
Commons (1827), it appears that the first cost of converting
one mile two hundred and fifty yards from a London pave-
ment into a broken-stone road, was 12,8421. ; the annual ex-
pense of maintaining which road has ben 4,003/ , or Is. 9d.
per superficial yard square.—Railway Magazine,
We regret to state that another incendiary fire
occurred on Monday, about five o'clock, at Nurstead Farm,
in the occupation of Mr. Charles Tyrell. It commenced in
a load of straw on a carriage which was standing near a large
haystack, with which the flames soon communicated, and
both were destroyed. The Boxford engine was soon on the
spot, and the prompt assistance rendered by the inhabitants
saved the farming buldings and two wheat-stacks which
were but a few yards distant from the conflagration. —Essex
Herald.

Count L. da Silva, as Envoy from Don Carlos,
lately passed through Frankfort. This Nobleman we under-
stand, is to act as;Don Carlos's proxy in the approaching mar-
riage of that Prince with the Princess de Beira. Immedi-
ately after her marriage the Princes; will proceed to join her
Royal consort in Spain. Count da Silva, as soon as he has
fulfilled his honourable office in Salzburg, will proceed on
another mission in the service of his Royal master.—GernzaA
Paper.
BERMUDA.—We are happy to learn from private
letters that the disease at Bermuda, which has been erroneously
termed the yellow fever, has quite abated. It is a kind of au-
tumnal bilious fever, caused by the sudden change of the at-
mosphere, and was confined to the sailors and dockyard men at
Ireland Island, *here from thirty-five to forty of those persons
fell victims to it. None of the troops were attacked by the
disorder, though upwards of 100 of the 30th Regiment were
stationed there, their cleanliness proving a protection.
RIVERS IN DEVON.—A few remarkable circum-
stances attend the rise and flux of four of the principal rivers
(the Exe and the Dart excepted) in Devonshire, namely,
the Tamar and the Torridge, the Tavy and the Taw ; the
two former take their rise from the same spring but a few mile'
front the Bristol Channel, into which the Torridge, after a
circuitous route and receiving some tributary streams,
empties
itself, and the Tamar flows across the county into the estuary
of Plymouth. The Tavy and Taw take their origin from the
tame lake or Tarn (as it is locally called) on the summit of
one of the Dartmoor-hills, not very many miles from the
English Channel, and singular enough the one loses itself in
the southern and the other in the northern sea but the most
remarkable circumstance attending them is, that these four
rivers, by a subsequent interchanged union, form but two in-
fluxes into the sea; the Tamar (flowing from the north) unites
with the Tavy, rising in the south, a short distance before it
reaches the English Channel at Plymouth Sound, and vice
versa the Taw (which rises on Dartmoor) mingles its waters
with the Torridge a short distance only before it flows into
the sea at Bideford Bay, and that, too, in an almost direct
line opposite to each other, and furthermore singular, the
initial letters of all the four are the same. A similar circus:-
; stance (with all its combinations) is nut to be met with in the
kingdom, perhaps not in Europe, or in the whole world.
John Mytton drove his horse Sportsman furiously
up to the Spread Eagle, at Wrexham, and, baying had refresh-
ment himself, gave the animal a bottle of mulled port, the
consequence of which was, that the horse dropped down in the
shafts before they gut to Ellesmere, and ditd soon after.--
The Sportsman.

(From the Second Edition of The Sun of last night.)
Mr. GaoTE (in continuation from our First Edition)._
The very statement of the case carries with it the answer.
The English people, I am sure, will never be guilty
of sanctioning so unwise and so unjust a proceeding,
let the Ministers who propose it be who or what they may._
( Loud cheers.) Gentlemen, we have but two alternatives_
either we must do full justice to Canada, and reconcile
the Canadians to us by every means in our power; or
if we are too proud to do that, we must then devise the
best means we can for a speedy and an equitable separa-
tion of that colony from the mother country.—( Loud
cheers.) Depend upon it there is no third course consistent
either with political rectitude or with political prudence
( Hear, hear)—and, Gentlemen, I can only trust, looking at
the numerous and imposing meeting here this day, that
will be the disposition really prevalent among the
people of England, and that our Ministers will be de-
terred, before it is too late, from adding anything to the long
catalogue of British injuries to Canada, and from attempting
anything like the carrying into effect of the severe and cruel
policy recommended, I ant sorry to say, by almost all the daily
press.—( Cheers.) I am sure that if, in despite of the warnings
offered to them by meetings such as the present, and by the
feeling titat cannot fail to diffuse itself into the generous
bosoms of the people of England, of sympathy with an
oppressed people—if they persist in despising those
warnings—they are accumulating on their own heads,
censure and condemnation for the future, and they
are accumulating a store of calamity, and heaviness
of hurden of which they themselves at this moment have not
the least conception.--( Loud cheers.) I will detain you no
longer, gentlemen, but be; leave to propose the resolution
that has been put into my hand. The Hon. Gentleman re-
tired amidst very great cheering.
Mr. Rotnece then rose, and was received with much
cheering. He said—Gentlemen, I appear before you
at the invitation of the Reform Society of West-
minster, and I come here in a somewhat twofold capacity ;
first to express my opinion on a public question as a British
citizen, and in the second place as an advocate of
Canada.—(Cheers.) However humble may be her condition,
and however insolent may be her enemies, it will be found
that there be men who will brave their insolence and put down
their tyranny; it will be found that there be men who can see
through and answer the sophistries of an interested body of
monopolists.—( Loud and repeated cheering.) We are now
called upon to enter into a b!oody war, not for the interests
of England, not for the interests of the people of England,
but for the aggrandisement of a body of greedy mono-
Plists.—( Hisses. ) I know there be some of them present,
and they may not like what I say. I know that there be
some sent here by that body of monopolists, who have the
means of hiring men to come here for the purpose of
making a disturbance, which they may as vrell do as prosti-
tute their understandings through the medium of the press.—
( A voice—the Mercury.) No, not one—their name is Legion,
for they are many. Now, gentlemen, what are we called
upon to decide ? We are called upon to express
our opinion—our sentiments as to the conduct of the Go-
vernment, now that they are about to plunge this country
into that which is at all times a thing to be much de-
plored, a civil war—a civil war I call it, because Canada
is part and parcel of Britain—her subjects were horn of
Canadian dissent, or they were the descendants of British
emigrants. But be they what they might, they are all British
subjects ; clothed with all the rights and privileges of British
subjects, which were granted to them under the sanction of a
British Act of Parliament.—(Cheers.) Have the Canadians
any grievances to complain of ? Let me tell you a short epi-
sode in the history of Canada. Ia 1784, there arose great
disturbances amongst the British descendants of English
emigrants in our North American colonies. In order, then,
to detach the French Canadians from helping their brethren,
who had borne their grievances till they could bear them no
longer, the then British Government conferred all the benefits
of the French law, to which they were much attached. Thus,
in order to separate them from that Congress which was then
sitting in Philadelphia, and with such effect, that it induced the
poor simple Canadians to refuse the splendid and dazzling
offers made to them by the philanthropic Franklin of her glo-
lions independence. The Canadians then said (poor simple
souls) no, we arc well enough—the English have done their
duty by us, and we are satisfied.—( Long-continued cheers. )
It was reserved for the Parliament of 1837 to say that the
sanction of a British Act of Parliament is to be totally disre-
garded—(Loud cheers)—that Canada repelled at the sword's
point the American Republicans ; she said, " No, spite of your
dazzling offers we will be true to the mother-country." They
were so ; the stood up in fight, on our behalf, and the disasters
of Montgomery and Arnold tell in our history as the
only real victories we gained in the long and dreadful Ameri-
can war.—( Hear, hear.) Tine Legislature of Great Britain
will soon have another lesson read to it for that continent of
freedom.—( Cheers.) When 13,000,000 of ardent Republicans
are stretching over a gigantic empire, which reaches from the
Atlantic
of
onwardsillexico tt oo thete lakes
of pole,
a cfi fm the Gulf
andic ilrlosoon extend
from sea to sea, under one great and benevolent govern-
ment, then where will be England ?—( Loud cheers.) The
petty Ministers of the country are not equal to the occasion.
....-(Cheers.) They have before them a question involving
St.
Lawrence, t o the P
the great interests of posterity for ages yet to come, and they
peddle about it as if it were a mere Colonial-office question.
_(Loud cheers.) You have a hireling press appealing to
your worst feelings—hoping, that because you are
Englishmen, and because there have been frequently de-
structive wars between England and France, that by the
mere watchword of " Pitt," they can again awake the angry
spirit of vengeance, and induce you to expend blood and
treasure upon putting down the spirit of independence which
we have excited in the Canadians by the violation of a
British Act of Parliament.—( Cheers.) In 1791 the Imperial
Legislature offered the Canadians a Constitution which they
accepted. In 1814, when England and America were again
at war, what did the Canadian Militia do ?—those poor
men, of whom you have been told with savage exul-
tation, that they have been driven from their homes—some
of them expatriated from their country ?—( Hear, and cheers. )
The poor fellows turned out to a man and ranged themselves in
battle against the Americans, They defeated them, and what
was the reward of their faithful services? You shall hear.
When the peace came, the Canadians offered to pay
their own eepences, and worked so well for the men,
offering to pay their expenses, several Members of the House
of Assembly were sent to prison.—( Hear, hear.) Well,'
what followed ? By an Act of 1779, it had been settled that
the revenues of the colony should only be applied
pith the consent and approval of the House of
Assembly. The official party in Canada, however, said,
We will not allow you to pay your own expenses ; you shall
have no accounts." And in discussion upon this question
the public attention was occupied. Dissolution upon dissolu-
tion of the House of Assembly followed, and after re-
peated attempts on the part of the Canadian people
to get the accounts, it came out in 1826 that the Receiver
e rleOdo ,b0:70 na .p—u
public( lc- eoaffir , len
re a; r .b)i
dTe
bh
tesr en
es:ears
%ay
ewhole
dp—e oapnl
de
General was bankrupt of the public money, to the amount of
18;belFtdthe Canadian people have no grievances to complain of
andHienatrr,odhueetterd. ) a TBhiell wished he
thheavz
occhaela
Lelgaiws.,
lature. The Bill was thrown out by the Governor and
the Legislative Council, and yet the Canadians have
no grievances to complain of l—( Hear, hear.) The Cana-
dians wanted to have a national system of education. The
Legislative Council threw out the Bill, and yet the Canadian
people have no grievances to complain of l—( Hear, hear.)
The Canadians wanted to have a jury law, by which packed
juries would be done away with. The Legislative Council
threw out the Bill, and yet the Canadians have no
grievances to complain of I—( Loud cheers.) Now let me touch
upon your own interests. Now, look at this part of the sub-
ject. Your parishes were in the habit of sending large bodies
of emigrants to Canada, and they used to arrive in such a
destitute state in
Qu :bee, that they would die by hundreds if
it were not for the benevolence of the Canadians.
Indeed, numbers of them did perish, in spite of every care
that could be taken of them.—( Hear, hear.) The ships in
which they used to be sent out were so rotten, that
hundreds used to perish at sea—and in those vessels
which escaped numbers perished by disease, in conse-
quence of their crowded state.—( Hear, hear.) New the
Canadians said this was a system of white slavery, and they
would not be parties to it. They passed a Bill to put an end
to it--precisely such a Bill as the British Parliament had
since adopted. It was an Act to limit the number of emi-
grants that should be stowed in one ship, and providing that
there should be a sufficient supply of provisions on board ac-
cording to the number of passengers. But the Legislative
Council threw out the Bill, and Canada has no grievance I
—( Cheers,) But this is in fact your grievance. In the parishes
of England there was much talk about the sufferings of
the poor. But I can show you that the paupers are
sent out to the Shores of Canade—but not the inhospitable
shores—poor, friendless, and destitute. Yes, you are so re-
gardless of your poor, that you send them out in that state
to a distant colony ? But to whom did they go ? To the
French Canadians—(Cheers)—to the compatriots of Monsieur
PaPineals, who is now driven into exile from the land which he
adorned.--.( Cheers.) They were succoured by Monsieur Mo-
ral, who, I believe, is now out on his bail ; they found relief
from Monsieur Peltier, who is now an outlaw—yet Canada
has no grievances ! But the last and ,crowning grievance is
the unconstitutional seizure of the public chest—and why- was
that done? Because the Canadians demanded a change
in the constitution of the Legislative Council. It was ad-
mitted in the House of Commons that such a change was ne-
cessary- I heard Lord Stanley admit it, but then what did he
say ? " Look at our magnanimity—we have infused a better
spirit into the Council—we have selected two or three Ca-
nadians—new ought you not be grateful ?"—( A laugh.) But
then the majority of the Council is still anti- Canadian.--( Hear. )
But the majority say, the evil is the same as in 11335, when the

Commissioners laid on the table of the House their report. Since
1334, the people of Canada had asked for the alteration of
the composition of the Legislative Council, but that change
had never been made—their grievances had never been
redressed.—( Cheers.) Their children could not be educated,
their laws could not be improved, and no man's person or pro-
perty was secure.—(Cheers.) While such things existed,
the Canadians said they would not be quiet till they had a
Legislative Council, and then what Lord John Russell
said was—they refused the supplies.—(Loud cheers.) I
deny that they did so, and I say that if any mischief
was the result of the Government Officers not being paid, it
was the act of the Legislative Council, and their's alone.
Look at the Civil List that has been granted to an illustrious
personage ; that Civil List it was true was but small
compared with the fifty millions, the amount of the re-
venues of England; but then England has a Parliament;
but if the Canadian people should grant a Civil List during
the life of a beloved Queen, which I hope will be very, very
long, what would be the consequence, or where would be the
protection of having a Parliament ? Why the Legislative
Council will ride rampant over the people.—(Hear, hear,
hear.) The people of Canada have acted in a most wise
manner.---(Loud cheering.) They said. we will give
you an ample Civil List, but we will not give you a perma-
nent one. The people then demanded an elective Assembly,
but the Parliament of England said they should not have one.
Now, let me point out the mode in which this disturb-
ance broke out—let me point out who were the:causes of
that disturbance. I charge it boldly, and solemnly, and
as a man of honour—l charge the Executive Government of
Lower Canada as alone having been the cause of the outrage.
It happened, in consequence of these resolutions, that meet-
ings like the present were held in every part of the country,
at which language not half so treasonable as that used by his
Hon. and Gallant Friend behind him was used at that meeting.
What was the consequence of that? Why the Govern-
ment lay by. They went to Montreal to suborn two men
connected with a liberal newspaper there, who swore affidavits
before a magistrate, the result of which was, that all the ma-
gistrates of the place were struck out of the Commission.
The prisoners said, we can get nothing like justice from the
Orangemen. We have got judges appointed by the Crown
—payable by the Crown—and removable at the pleasure of
the Crown. What chance have we then of justice? We have
an Orange sheriff and packed juries, and our only
chance of escape from prison is to go to the scaffold.
( Hear, hear.) Yet it has been said that the Canadians
have no grievances.—( Hear, hear.) These were no griev-
ances in the eyes of Orangemen ; but let them go to Ireland
and listen to what the Tories would say in such a case.—
(Hear.) What would they say if they saw Mr. O'Connell
the advocate of the Crown prosecution, with the Sheriff
paid, and appointed, and removable at the pleasure of Lor I
Mulgrave, or the Irish Government ?—if they saw a jury com-
posed exclusively of Roman Catholics, and then fancy one of
the other party—say Colonel Verner, tried by such a tribunal
—( Hear)—would he say " this is justice ?" No, he would
say " this is not justice, but mockery,' and so said the
Canadian people. What further took place ? The greater
part of the gentlemen who were to be arrested removed into
their own estates, and I am surprised that the circumstance of
these gentlemen all having estates, did not create some
sympathy for them with the landed interests of England.—
( Hear hear.) The people rose up with one voice, and said—
" There shall be no more arrests,"—the Government said—
" There shall ;" and they sent out two magistrates and
rf body of troops, who arrested them, paraded them ostenta-
tiously through the district, and the people rose and rescued
the prisoners.—(Vehement and long continued cheering.)
Then came the declaration of the insulted majesty of the
laws; but they were not contented with that—they armed a
steam-boat, they put guns aboard of her, and sent her to
make her way into the disaffected districts. The troops met
the peasants—the poor peasants, and the troops were beaten.—
(Tremendous cheering, followed by a loud cry of " Three
cheers for the Canadian peasants," which was heartily re-
sponded to.) Oh I Gentlemen, this was no scene of exul-
tation—those cheers will not resuscitate the dead—those
cheers will not soothe the sorrows of the fatherless and the
widowed Canadians, who for those unhallowed purposes have
been widowed and rendered fatherless I Do not look at it with
an eye of exultation, but with sorrow—with shame and with
indignation.—(Cheers.) Let shame and indignation
rest on the heads of those upon whom it ought to fall, and
while we cannot help our hearts beating in sympathy with the
oppressed—let our justice be severe against those who have
been the perpetrators of the outrage. The indignation of the
constituted authorities was necessarily great. Colonel Wethe-
rell went to St. Charles with a body of troops, and with the
precision of a military movement, and in accordance with the
strict rules of discipline, be wrote—" We have burnt the
barn, but I don't know how many there were in it."—( Hear,
and a laugh.) But it went further ; for a second attack
was made upon the peasants ; arid with the coolness
of a practised hand, Colonel Wetherell wrote—" We
counted fitty-six bodies." And what bodies were these?
—( A voice in the crowd, " French," followed by loud cries of
" No.") I say, blistered be the tongue that raised so vile a cry.
I know not the man who uttered that falsehood, but this I tell
him—so base, so truly degraded, so despicable do I consider
him, that I think the best thing lie can do is to sneak out of
the room as soon as possible. —( Loud cheers.) The men
who were slaughtered were fellow-subjects. Colonel Wethe-
rell retreated—a large troop was actually paraded through
the two villages of St. Charles and St. Denis, and with a cry
of exultation they were told they burned both villages. We
who assemble here don't know what this means. Those
who have not been in Canada can have no conception of the
terrible inclemency of that country. The wives and the
children of those poor fellows who once held up arms for
England—these poor creatures are driven to a wood, without
shelter—with a thermometer falling night by night, until
it may become 33 degrees below Zero—these people are
driven out into the woods with rain, and snow, and sleet, and
hail falling on them, without shelter, without food, without any
thing to clothe or protect them—for what ? To vindicate the
honour of England forsooth.—( Hear.) And then there is that
feeling in the House of Commons so tender of the honour-of
England, so peculiarly alive not to have the British arms tar-
nished even by a body of honest men, that Hon. Members
rise to express their indignation against my worthy friends
here for not expressing their sorrow at the defeat
of the English arms. lam sorry they were sent out to fight
—I
am ashamed at their being defeated—but I should have
felt more acutely if they had gained the victory.—( Cheers. )
I speak as an Englishman—l am one.--( A voice in the crowd
—"
No.") No ! Who is the liar ?—( Tremendous cheering.)
The blood that circulates in my veins is derived from men
well known in the annals of England, both for science and
literature.—( Cheers.) lam ore of you, and being one of
you, I have your feelings, and your enemies, my friends, know it.
I was asking you, gentlemen, who have we driven out to all the
distresses of such a climate? I was about to tell you that it
was weak and helpless children.—( Hear, hear.) The
country was going to war with a country every one
who had seen, had said was one of the most hospitable that
ever was. It is a country and a people who were
hospitable and most tolerant.—(Cheers.) I have my-
self seen in that Catholic country, a Jew, a Catholic,
and a Protestant, all meeting together in amity.—( Cheers. )
And no one ever thought for a moment of asking the im-
pertinent question of what religion was his neighbour.--
( Hear, and cheers.) I have seen these men exercising all
the piety of a Society of Friends—their every thought
was peace—vvhose doors were open to the traveller
who were all Englishmen—they were the kindest and most
hospitable people I ever met. It was never known that
a Canadian door was shut against the stranger or the
traveller—no man was ever turned away.—(Loud cheers.)
These are the people who have been so slandered as to
induce the English Government to believe that they were
a people who were bitter in their hostility to the English—a
people who were so cowardly that thee would not fight.
In 'one thing they have feund out their mistake. Oh,
that they.were convinced of the former !—( Cheers.) Who
was the man who so vilely slandered these poor people. I ant
•in the habit of speaking out freely. I fear no man, and
I will tell you the history of the matter._(hear,
hear.) It has been done by a large landed proprietor in '
Canada, and has been done through means of the Morn-
ing Chronicle. Connected with that Paper is a Mr. M'Gilli-
vray, the son-in-law of Mr. Easthope ; he, again, is in sonic
mysterious manner connected with Mr. Edward Ellice, who
has for years been pursuirbes a course of peddling policy—he has
always been telling every Ministry that these are poor mean-
spirited people, and may be easily put down. These
same principles were laid before the public through the co-
lumns of the Morning Chronicle, of which M'Gillivray was a
proprietor. What do you think now of the statements in the
Chronicle, when you are now made aware of their genealogy ?
Their principles are tyranny, their end plunder.—( A vo'.ee,
" What do you think of the Morning Alvertiserr) I cannot
on the impulse of the moment tell you of anytt.ing worse.
The people of England will be unwise even for their own in-
terests to take their opinions from the press.--( Loud cheers.)
This Press is connected with the shiph;ng interests—with
the monopoly of bad timber—which costs you 1,500,0001. an.
nually, and which the Canadian Par:iament have authorised use
to say they desire to see removed. This press is connected
with the " British American Land Company !"—l'll tell you
what it ought to be called, " The British American White
Slave Company."—( Loud Cheers.) It is nothing more than a
plan to cast desolate upon the shores of America paupers
of this country, in order to reap from their labour a base
dividend.—( Tremendous cheering.) I say a Press thus con-
nected is not fit to be the adviser of the people of England.—
( Cheers. ) I hope that such a feeling will be created in this
country that this Press will change its tore.--(Cheers.) I
have seen such changes in former times---( Laughter, arid
Hear, hear")—and I do not yet altogether despair of seeing
the notes Ultra-Radical, and advocatieg the cause of
the Canadians..-_( Loud laughter, and, cheers.) Now,
Gentlemen, I beseech you to ask yourselves, each of
you, this question—What can you, as a nation, derive from
going to war, to put into execution the design; of the
body of men whom I have just now described to you—
going to war to maintain bad Government of every
kind,—to promote the diffusion of education in your Colonies
...40 keep up a direful system of emigration amongst
