FRF,NCII PAPERS,
tßutrlnvED LAS;' NIGHT.I

rveis, Ocr.lo.—The Moniteur of to-day con-
tains the following circular letter addressed to the
AtchbiAlops and Bishops of the kingdom :

Ni him of ----, 21st of January tias been to
nll France a day of monrninr and of mediation; ourpeople,
ol'iceted at the foot of the attars, Were profoundly affected
ty the reading of the last will of the best and most unfortu-
nate of Kings, • • • '

The anniversary of the 16th of October, which recall alike
Vest anus painful recollections, ought to be equally an epoch
puhlic ain't expiatory Ccrinionies.

Per these calms our intention is, that a solemn service he
celebrated in the churdhes of the kingdom, in memory of
the late Queen Marie-Antoinette. You 'will have to invite
a!t the Civil anti Military Ant horities : is our pleasure that
no discourse noriumral oration he pionitunced, but that the
whole Ise con fitted to the were reading from the pulpit of the
touching and sublime letter which has' been recovered as it
were by miracle, and in which that priucess, some hours he-
fere her death, expressed all the sentiments with which rep-
gi.rni,ean inspire a sous' Christian Queen, and the most tender
of mothers. These presents having iso other object, we pray
tied to have you in his holy keeping,
Castle of the Tuileries, (Signed) LOUIS.
Oct. 9, IS ia. (Countersigned) LAINE.

The follo.ving are some of the nominations of
Dein:tic's to the New Chamber. It will be seen'
that tree great majority of them were members of

the last :--

w4llicr.—;Sl,e:sr3, Durand and de la Boutcraye, 111etobers of

the last Chamber:
Clivados•—Nlesirs.f-Talefsmille, and de Hato, former Coon-
senor of t 1 Parliament of Normandy, Members of the last
Cllamber.
Angier, nod /loin, physician,Members of the
last Chamber.

Deux-84411.-48.rd Member of the hut Cham-

beet Morisse.
.14)aaha,--Cotirroirier, Advocate-Geeral.
Algtiff Advocate, and Thourdeais, Mem-
hers of the last Chamber. • -
Hasa Serre, and 'Myer d'Argeuson, Members of
the lait Chamber.
, Mew' Pilaine.--The nomination of ST. DuPlessis-Grene-
dan was stated by mistake : it was M. Moreau, ashniastra-
tor of ports, and brother of the late General.
leedre.—M. Tailliepied De Bandy,
Lfnei,e Lairt.—Richard, physician, and Peyrusset, Mem-
bers of the last Chamber.
Lotre/.—Earon Tafleyrand, Member of the last Chamber.
Maine e! laire.—bes Alliers, and Papiam-Vetrie, Mem-
bers of the last Chamber.
Aleere.—Marquis De Pracontal, and Clement, both Mem-
bers of the la,,t Chamber.
Nord.—Baron De Coppens, Member of the last Chamber,
4041 the Duke De Trevise.
Orne.—Count d'prglande, Member of the last Chamber,
4tul Mutt Deiranst.
• Velutie.—Burun Dufougerais, and Loral, Members cif the
last Chatnher
In the department of the 13ouches-du-lUione,.
the district colleges broke up without nominating
candidates. The college of Marseilles was the
only,one which proceeded in its operationtf.
The stay, of the Princess of Wales in Rome was
very short : she received visits from the Ministers
.of the different PoiVers, and conversed a long time
`with the Count de Blacus. •
The King ties addressed a circular letter to the
Archbishops and Riihops of the kingtiOin, on the
occasion of time anniversary on the 16th of Octo.
her, of the death of the unfortunate Marie Antoi.
neve. The intention Of his Majesty is, that no
discourse should he pronounced, but met ely that
time letter altoula be read from the' pulpits, which
,that 'the tinfortunate Princess wrote to Ilathinme
Elirabetit two hours before her death.
Yesterday eyetsing carriag 'tinsel!, along the
boulevards, escorted by two Frenell'itorsc soldiers,
containing three men in the Tuttail-1 costume,
to be personages of distinction.

de h Fayette, u-ho was a Member of the
Chamber of the Hundred Days, had seven or eight
votes for retorning him 3 Candidate in the Aron.
di•sement, Electoral Colleges of the SeitlC et
Name.

Boissio, against' whom proceedings have corn.
menced before the Com t of Nismes, attempts to

j,istify himstlf by saying, that in filing a pictol at
Ge'notiol Lagarele,, hp only availed himself of his
lawful tight of self-defence. 114 tai4 will cow-
menee Immediately.

lite King's Commandant and Administrator for
Senegal has informed the Minister of Marine and
Colonies, that M. M. Dureau and rotin bad be-
,haved in the most honourable manner towards the
wreck of the Medusa frigate, at St. Louis ; an:l
that the titct had offered tor the service of the
King, a et edit of .50,000 francs, at the moment it
was uncertain of the arrival of the ship La Loire,
which had left the exprdition without resources.
ila‘ing been informed that the families of these
nierchat,ts reside at Bourtleaux, his Excellency
has charged the pi incipal Coinntis.)ary of the Ma-
rine at tl,at pat to make known to than that he
wits apin ized of this act of devotedness of M. M.
Diticau and Potin,

„Au at of Tut in stntes, that
.the Ministers of
the Allied P,Avers Ist Pat have adjudged to Prince
Bm-ghese the witiunal lawk of tucedio,
whictt they cunsidercd as his ri,v,l,!, within the

plith;iple of the 217th Article of the Treaty of
I'dris of 181 i.

The last intelligence from Switzerland states,
that the' greatest part of the Canton had acceded
to the Swiss -Confederation in rc4peet to the Holy
Alliance.

Many Protestant Princes in Germany, seeing
the delay of the German Concordat with the
Holy See, have taken the resolution of nominat-
ing the Ecclesiastical Dignities to the, vacancies
in their seats. We do nut know when this ar-
rangement will commence.,
ROME, SErT. 25.-111 the Consistory of the
23d, his Holiness, after pronouncing an allocu-
tion, proclaimed tl►e following new candidates;--
Pedro Quevedo y Quinzano, Bishop of Orense, born in
1736%

Francisco Antonio Ccbriau y %%Lida, Patriarch of the Indies,
born in 172.1.

Tll4d4lcus tic 'Frantmausdorif Weinsberg, Archbishop of
Olniutz, born in 1761.

Francis Xavier de Salm, Bishop of Gurck, born at Vienna
in 1749.

Paul Joseph Soler*, Bishop of Aost, born at St, Polten,
11'43.

ROME, SEPT. 22.—The vessel in which the
Princess of Wales came here, not being armed,
was several times pursued by pirates. -Sir William
Gell, known by his work upon Greece, and who
was attached for some time to the l'rincess, in the
quality of Chamberlain, is by chance at Rome hi
this moment. He goes to Naples to finish his
map of Magna Greek. The 173 Roman slaves
delivered by Lord Exmouth are lodged at the
Trinita dei Ptllegrini, where they pay their devo-
tions. Most of them make no complaint of their
treatment at Algiers. Some were even so fitted
for slavery that they regret mightily their chains
One of them hanged himself during the voyage.
The English landed them at Fiumicino, without
submitting them to the quarantine laws.
FRANKFORT. OCT. s.—The Prince de Dalberg,
former Grand Duke of Frankfort, has transmitted
to the commission established here, a memorial in
support of claims of his mouthing to 284,300
florins. Nobody could have expected such a
claim on the part Of a man who showed so much
docility in executing the most arbitrary measures,
dictated to him by Buonaparte, against the com-
merce of this city.
The Emperor of Austria has granted the
brothers Rothschild, bankers at Frankfort, letters
of nobility, for the service they did to the finances
of Austria, when they realized t he subsidies of Eng-
land. The house of Rothschild has Hlso banking
establishments at Pa.ris and Londoo,; and is at
this moment charged with the realization of the
contributions which France pays to the Allied
Powers.

BERLIN, SEPT. 28.—We read the following ar-
ticle in one of our Gazettes :---"The ports of the
Baltic, Dantzic, Riga, &c. could, if necessary,
sufficiently supply Germany and Switzerland with
grain. The general complaint in these ports is,
that there are no orders for corn„ which is in so
much the potter plenty there, because England,
which formerly derived from thence extraordinary
quantities, can no longer import it, Letters from
Dantzic of the 23d of August state, that there was
no demand for the article. The price of tlte last
of rye at Riga, on the 24th, was from 97 to 98
rubles."

II ASTART, OcT. 3.—The conference which took
place the day before yesterday at Frankfort, be-
tween the Minister's there, is said to have been
of the highest importance, and very satisfactory.
Iromediatelyeeter its close couriers were dispatch-
rd to Vienna, Berlin, Niunich, &c. ,A very agree-
able communication is spoken of, which has been
made by the Baron tie Humboldt, the Prussian
Minister.

ZURICH, Serr. 30.—Count De Talleyrand, the
French Minister, has made known to the Can-
tons, by orders of his Government, that the first
creation of the 'capitulated regiments trill Close 'tin
the 15th of November next. The recruiting for
the service of Prance has had full- success. The
frontier Cantons have taken the necessary arrange-
ments for the receipt of the duties on foreign mer-
ehumhzes, 'which, in conformity to a Decree of
the Diet, commences on the Ist of October.

FRENCH FUNDS.
5 per Cent.. 5B f.

At a late meeting in the manufacturing and
populous village of Airdrie, called in consequence
of a long list of petitioners for relief, it was found
that many names had been officiously, if not mis•
ehievously, inserted without the knowledge or
consent of the parties, and that niimbers bad been
induced to put down their names by conceiving
that they were soliciting employment; not charity,
—One old soldier wished to withdraw his, as he
had now obtained work ; and two brothers lit'.
tended to express their indignation at having been
included in such a list, and to declare that, so far
from requiring aid, they were able to lend it, Of
50 names in the original petition, scarcely five
remained concerning whose situation it was deem-
ed requisite to make inquiry. Every one who
considers independence of spirit as tine of the
finest traits of national character, will rejoice
that so much of it remains amongst us ; that it
struggles with, and is likely to survive, our ire-
sent d iffic Lilacs ( Greenock rtiser )

The Paris Papers to the II th continue to be
chiefly remarkable for the Election Returns.--
To the new names, the observations We offered
upon those which preceded are equally applicable.
It, is impossible for an English Newspaper to as-
certain which party predominates, and indeed
even the Parisian Politicians appeal to be at fault
upon the subject.

German Papers received this morning have. a
Copy of the Treaty between Spain and ►he Nether-
lands, but our want of room and its own want of
interest induce us to ditpense with inserting it.

ilis,Majesty's ship TerMagant has arrived from
the East Indies at Purtsmoui h ; she brings an ac-,
count of a gale of wind at the Cape or Good
Hope on 28th July last.► in which several shiis.
were driven on shore, including his Alitjety% ships
Revolutiounaire :and Zeta : the two latter had
been gut oh; but not without

A-

In our last page will be found 'nine remarks on
the conduct of the disaffected Members of the
con►►uunity, whoz.e industry is excited by a period
of stagnation and partial distress, and trite arc.
now so active in stirring up Public Meetings
in various parts of the Country. Wolves bowl.
during the storm, and these human wolves are of
the SIIINC: fierce and brutish niture. They riot in
the,distresses of their native land,—the sufferings
Of the poor afford them inexpressible delight.—
Silent and despairing,in the hour of their Coun-
try's prosperity, the first shadow of difficulty in-
vites them from their dens, and their baleful pas-
sions are all on,fire to increase the gloom, and if
possible to rouse the tempest.
It is monstrous to see so much ingenuityand zeal
exerted in so malignant a pursuit. We would at-
tempt to recall these ungrateful wretches to a
sense of the duty they owe to God and their
Country ; but remonstrance would indeed be
vainly used towards callous miscreants, .who
revel only in the woes of their fellow-creatures...-
whose diabolical hope is to paralize relief end
melting Charity, till Misery is inflamed to become
their instrument, and blood and anarchy stalk
forth to obey their mandate.

This day the PRINCE REGENT is expected to
hold a Council t►t Carlton-house.

The PRINCH REGENT gives a dinner to-morrow
to Admiral Lord Exmoor'', upon his return from
Algiers, and several other distinguished Naval
Officers.

The Spanish Ambassador to our Court is re-
called to Spain.

The Ex-King of SWEDEN, who occupies an
apartment in a furnished hotel at Ilanan, lives a
very retired life. It is reported that he is occu-
pied in literary employment.
Lord CASTLEar.AGn passed; through Dumfries
on Sunday, on his way to Ireland. tieing recog-
nised, he attracted a crowd of the inhabitants
round his carriage, anxious to see a personage
who has made so conspicuous a figure in the
tical world.

Lord STANHOPE is dangerously ill at Cheven-
ing, his seat near Seven Oaks, in Kent.

A Proclamation by Governor FARQUHAR, tinted
:Mauritius; May 18, prohibits the importation in-
to that Colony of any goods, wares, or merchatt-
disc, other than such as shall be exported from
sonic port of Great Britain or Ireland, in British
built ships, navigated according to law. It ap-
pears, by accounts from France, that two vessels
front Bourdeaux arrived at the Isle of France the
25th of May, a week after the date of the Pro-
clamation ; and; according to advices from the
Isle of- Bourbon, the prohibition bad been sus-
pended for one month.

The perturbed state of France has already, bad
the effect of bringing back property to this coun-
try ; and we are intortned that notices of remit-
tances, to a considerable amount, have been re-
eeived for investment in our funds, which atilt
*seem to be the only sate receptacle for money.
A Meeting, we observe from the She
,Jield Mer-
cury, took place in that town on Wednesday, to
consult upon the means for the relief of the Coun-
try. A Mr. Tnoatits ItAwsoN presided; a num-
ber of false and foolish things were resolved to be
true and wise; and a Burdett ite Petition was pass-
ed, to be presented by the Piccadilly Baronet.
The Dividends (above five millions) commenced
paying on SAturday.
Mr. CAIiTER Was on Wednesday elected Mem-
ber for Port:mouth,

SHIP NEWS.

PORTSMOUTH, OCT. 13.—Arrived itirMajest
ship Termagant, Captain SHAH', from Madr
from 'thence she sailed on the sth May ; left
Lie of France the 10(11 June, Cape d OC
-Hope the sth August, and St. Helena on tbe3
of the same mouth. Left at Table Bay the-Ai
mart transport, and at Sto Helena the Stoclo
transport and Fairlie. East Indiaman ; the 13
ton, of the Francis and Eliza, the Ll#
and Samarang.- The Prince Regent and a win'
sailed for England the 27th and 31st °lAtigu
On the 15th Sept. spoke, off Cape Prays,
Courier, of London, for Rio Janeiro ; and on t
20th, the Brown, from Liverpool for Bahia, 4
the 28;11, Lily, his Majesty's ship Revolutions!'
of 38 guns, Captain IVUOLCOMBg, and his AO,
ty's ship Zebra, of 18 guns, were driven 0.0 811°
in Simons Bay in a gale of wind,
but got off odamage. The Young Phosnix coasting vesig
and the ship Discovery, from and bound ta,104
were driven on shore in Table Bay, and wreck,
Wind S. E.

eldmer adrlyE):l3
AN.ITH ER LETTER, DATED OCT. 12.
iutAted,mairmraily osuurnuda,
yinnttolrteniOngtl,7l tilitCll.4:ll7l
Gibrelt lit . Pie Qteett Charlotte, on her approsell
ine, spit head, was met by the Glasgow, 1104•Cif
M ‘ITL NP, and a Portuguese frigate, theereal:;
vi Licit Manned their yards and gave three Mel
as they passed, and the latter fired a salute to CI?
fig of Viscount EXINIOUTIi, Which was refa°C'
front the Queen Charlotte. She next PlieeLtuh
Leander, Capt. CIIETHANI, ii transport, °Pal
I)
atelt line-of-battle ship, with their yards uninlifu
from which she also received three cheers,.'''
to
returned the same. When she came to
in the quarantine ground, site saluted time
of Admiral Sir EI.iVAIID THOENIIITOUPOO
tit
ibrb
flying on board the Boyne, in the °lll,,ri
which was ittinietfately returned front
ship. The Royalist, Capt. ALLEN, haiillo,4
arrived from the West Indies, then saluted'
1934 of his Lordship, as did also the Patch nae:
oi•battle ship, both of %%hick were acknOvrldg,:
by one salute. Ott Tuesday morning, At//...,A1
o'clock, his Lordship, after having 10017
ulltsP
quarantine, came on shore, and was Fullau
heartily greeted by the inhabitants, At°
in crowds to the George Inn, where lie reatiroi
half an hour and them set id for Lou"'
Thursday the Qtvett Charlotte CROW into 111;
for the purpose of being refitted, and again
on the peace establishment art f 1,,!! ..ship:
The Royalist arrived on Sunday
la
the
maica and the Havanaah ; she ;eft 'P'i
place the 20th of August and the latter tbel7.',
0011ar
Sept. and brought home upwards of 400.0
Jars, merchants' money. Captain 0. 4/3' 0,
who took out the Rifleman a few mttutillliMt
came home in the command of the; ,;
0t
having exchanged with Captain 5ew7489,101i
04count of his ill state of health obligillistiroi
leave the West Indies. All the Jamaica. tifi
►
were very healthy. The Salisbury wait cruitenii
the Spanish Main, and the Sabine and gig
11 14
were at Jamaica. The Sabine ''vas 141°1%0
sail for England shortly after the RoFAisf'•
large freight for England.. The Royalist
yesterday for Chathem; to be paid a..., 0,1
The Infernal bomb, Captain the "111'404
Patttivat., is ordered from the Kure to 10%trii
to be paid off., This ship suffered most ge.vn
in the attack upon Algiers, having 53 1"d
tlt s
hull, and the whole of her masts and 10r- . et/ai
h°
e
pletely disabled, with five feet water is tb 001,
which obliged every officer to take to the Pll vio
in this situation they continued three sly eitrth
chests and trunks on board were nearl
„ore
ell by the enemy's shot, isr,st of the um e, ,;••-:
either killed or wounded. int°
The Leander, Captain CRETHArd. Cti e
h Jig
A
harbour on Tuesday, and is ordered to Cdr'
and refitted witi sit 'hidispatch. for` he
pass' ,dos
pose of taking out Rear-Adtuiral Sir .11"y°-
to Halifax. pi 111
The Dutch frigate Wilbelmina, ape cao
squadron under the orders Of Adatird::4ool°
PELLE N, who so nobly supported Lord l''''faihe
in -the attack on Algiers, arrived at the it 1"
rcee
bank on Thursday. She is bound to the
soiel
HA ftwiCti, OCT. 12.--Arrived the Thetis P colt
Sailed tbe colt
with a mail from Gottenburgh.
packet with a mail for ditto, and the --rdico,
packet with ditto for Cuxhaven.---01fid. item
from the..
DEAL, OCT. I3.—Came down JalOci‘
and sailed, the Tranby, CooKs for
wild Arrived the Abundance store ship frfrog"l.lrlo
ap
diterranean, last from PortSlDOtalt,
the River.—Wind S.O fry
t
PLYIIOTft, OCT. 12..--Arriced tae .-
Afalae6'
Archangel, and Julia, NAIL, from St. i
, rreleg'•
raesanurtt, OCT. 11,--ArriVeo
me
"tht
schooner from a. cruise. Sailed feste7joey,
Theresa, atte.roN, for Norroonticr, sad
