SCOTCH INFEFTMENTS.

Sir W. RAE (late Lord Advocate) moved for leave to
bring in a Bill to alter and amend the laws regarding the
taking of Infeftments in the heritable. property in Scot-
land. He explained that the present mode of conducting
such transactions occasioned an expense of more than
80,0001. yearly, whereby the value of the hereditary pro-
perty of that country was deteriorated to the amount of
two millions ateiling. It was the purpose of hi. Rill to
abolish all that expense. He intended to leave the printed

Bill for two or three months in the hands of Hon. Mem-
bers who might he desirous of examining its details. He
would take that opportunity of inquiring from the Right
Hon. Gentlem•n opposite, whether the office which he had
litely hail the honour of holding was yet filled? It was
now fourteen days since his resignation had been accepted,
and he considered it of great public importance that no
delay should take place in filling that office.
Mr. KENNEDY rejoiced that the suspension of his
►neasure of list year had enaloled his Hon. and Learned
Friend to introduce the Bill which had jest been brought
under the consideration of the House. If any odium were
to attach to the measure, he was quite ready to take his
share of that.

Sir M. STEWART quite concurred in what had fallen
from his lion. Friend the Member for Ayr, and he merely
rose to say, that he had heard the statement of the Hon.
and Learned Baronet with much **Refection, for he felt
aentired that the Bill that he maw proposed to bring in
would, as far as it went, be productive of great advantage
to the people of Scotland. He must say that his Learned
Friend had, with much praiseworthy alacrity, redeemed
his pledge of last Session, and bad, sooner than he (Sir
M. Stewart) expected. prepared and brought forward this
important Bill, the useful object of which was, as he un-
derstood it, to supersede and remove a considerable portion
of Rea cumbersome and expensive machinery that at pre-
sent perplexes the law of transmission of heritable property.
Nothing, he felt sure, could be more requisite or bene-
ticid than thus safely to simplify the antiquated feudal sys-
tem of Seotland.—(llear hear. )—Nothing could be more
practically beneficed, unless it be a great curtailment of
the present tedious and costly system of written pleadings.
—(Hear, hear. ).-.This Bill would, lie was persuaded, effect
mue,i good, and he trusted the Learned Wironet would
persevere, and that his successor in office would cordially
co-operate with him in carrying it through the future
stages in that [louse. fie could not omit taking this op-
portunity of returning his thanks, as a proprietor and
Rinesentative of Scotland, to the late Lord Advocate for
his ready and liberal attention on all occasions, since he
(Sir M. Stewart) had been in Parliament, to the public
business and interests of Scotland---(hear, hear)—end,
notwithstanding the doubts that bad been, as be under-
stood, expressed in a high quarter, he could not help
thinking, that the truly important measure introduced and
carried through during last Session by the Lord Advocate,
would, upon a full and fair experiment, be found to be as
beneficial in its ultimate operation, as it WO in the first
instance calenlated to produce a large official reduction
and saving to the country.—(llear, hear.)—And he could
not on this °cession resist expressing his personal regret
that after the unusually long occupancy of the arduous and
responsible situation of Lord Advocate of Scotland, the
lion. and Learned Baronet should be about to retire al-
- into private life without any remuneration for his
protracted and anxious public servicis ; and he must take
leave to say that, under whatever Administration it might
occur, be united that the first judicial vacancy would be
as a matter of justice, he had almost sail as a matter of
right, conferred upon the law Hon. and Learned Lord
Advocate.—( liter, bear.)
Mr. 0. LAMB said, in reference to the last observation,
of the Hon. and Learned Biroaet, he had to inform him,
that the office in question had been filled up.
hlr. CAMPBELL (as we understood) observed, that
the Bill thus ploposed to he brought in would have the
effect of obviating a practice which had prevailed in Eng.
laud for upwards of one hundred and fifty years, arising
not of the law as it applied to livery of seism. By the
Jew as it stood, a cabbage garden could not he conveyed
without a deed of km, end a deed of release.
O'CONNELL observed, that upwards of one
hu years ago they had done away with that practice
in Ireland
lititut ; and only, perhaps, from unwillingness to imi-
tate the Irish, did it remain so long to disgrace the law of
England.
Mr. CAMPBELL said that they got rid, of the practiee
after a very Irish fashion, by introducing an Act to infer
the existence of a non-existent deed.—(A laugh.)
Mr. O'CONNELL said, it at least had the effect of di•
minishing the feet of counsel and agents, as in Ireland
there were no conveyancers forming a separate branch of
the profession.
Leave to bring in the Bill granted.
Mr. NORTH rose to move for leave to bring in a Bill
and 20th
2thio,rfotOesetiaantilllo.f (Irish Statute),
IStatbatliusthee)d,
Church to bold office without taking the sacramental test.
Ile observed, that the sacramental test was introduced
solely against Dissenters, sad never, of course, was in.
fort o extend
purpose
enabling
tended to lee used as a means of excluding the members of
the Established Church. As both Catholics and Dis•
setters bad been freed from disabilities, he saw no reason
why an odious and disagreeable obligation should be im-
posed upon any doss of his Alejetety's subjects, and least
of all upon members of the Established Church.
r
INOLIS diet
egi to explain .
ein the Hill,
cenpott
which see
otahitelnyaonbg,j erwecatot objection
if nb it,j eacoptriP Idol
to
entertained.
Mr. NORTH said that certainly doubts were removed
by the asd of Gee. 111., but in the opposite direction from
that suppotted by the lion. Baronet.—,Leave granted.
mr, WY) moved for a return of the several 601,
Iw,, and WI., Irish Freeholders who voted at the last.

General Election, distinguishing each class, and also die-
tinguishing those who voted from ecclesiastical benefices.
He observed that at the present moment the return for
which he moved was a matter of extreme importance, and
related to a subject upon which the House ought to have
all possible information. He should seek, after he had
obtained that tetutp, Iu dtrett the attention of the House
to the number of electors who voted from ecclesiastical
benefices, as compared with those who voted from quali-
fications of a different description. He thought it would be
found, upon investigation, that a more than ordinary pro-
portion of the Clergy had voted ; and he believed it would
also be found that the votes they gave were for the moat
part opposed to the general feelings of the people. In
one case, where there were only 191 laymen opposed to
the popular sentiment, there,volre nn lees thee 31 clergp-
Olen haptiortirig that gpllositian to the feeling's of the
people. lie wished especially to call the attention of the
House to the fact, that the ecclesiastical class of voters
were possessed of this advantage—that, whereas other
freeholders were bound to register their freeholds, they
were exempt front the necessity of complying with any
such formality. Without further insisting upon those
topics, he should move for the returns, and when they
were made be should then move in detail anti submit to
the House the views which he took of this important
subject.
Mr. LEADER wished also for a return of the forty-
shilling freeholders still remillifing in Ireland; without '
those the return would be incomplete, and it would be
impossible for them, without that degree of completeness,
to arrive at a just conclusion respecting the franchise of
Ireland.
Motion for the returns agreed to.
The House then resolved itself into a Committee on the
Consolidated Fund Bill ; the several clause' were agreed to
without amendment, and the report ordered to be brought
up on Monday.
On the postponement of the Order of the Day for a
Committee on the Colonial Acts' Validity Bill,
Mr. CAMPBELL said, it ought to be made Jo extend,
to all demises of the Crown.
Mr. O'CONNELL suggested that the proposition of the
lion. Member for Middlesex would effect that Object.
Mr. RICE observed, that when they went into a Grim-
mittec on it on Monday, they might make what arrange-
ments they might think proper.
Order of the Day postponed till Monday.
On the motion of Mr. RICE, a new writ was ordered
lot the borough of Caine, in the room of Sir James Mac-
donald, who, since his election, had accepted the office of
one of the Commissioners of the Board of Controul.
Mr. RICE, in reply to a question put by Mr. Hume,
on the presentation, by the former Hon. Member, of cer-
tain Accounts which had been ordered by the House,
respecting the National Debt, said, that a Treasury-
Minute bad been made respecting the office of Vice-Trea-
surer of Ireland ; and when that came beans the House
they would be aware of the extent of reduction which the
abolition of that office involved, and of the patronage
which the Government relinquished in making up their
mind to its abolition. While on his legs, he wished to
set himself right with the House respecting a question
which had been put to him the last night the House sat,
respecting the office of Postmaster• General in Ireland;
and he was sure that the statement he had then to make
would render it apparent to the House that the merit of
abolishing the office belonged to the present, and not to
the late Government.—lmmediately'after the late election,
Lord O'Neill, who was Joint Prestmaster-General of Ire-
land, ceased to hold that office. Lord Ross, who was
associated with Lord O'Neill, received no salary till after
the retirement of his Noble Colleague, when he entered
upon the receipt of a salary. Lord Ross sent in his re-
signation upon the appointment of the present Govern-
ment, and the present Government came to the determi-
nation of not filling up the office. The accounts which he
then laid upon the table of the House did not bring down
the Pension List to a later period than the filet of last
Jane, though there would, of course, be nu difficulty
in continuing it to a later period, if required.
Mr. HUME was glad that the present Government
were to have the credit and advantage of the abolition of
that most unnecess..ry office—Postmaster General of Ire-
land. He then moved that the list of pensions be con-
tinued down to the latest period possible.
Colonel SIBTHORPE inquired if it was the intention
of the new Government to make considerable reductions
in the salaries of the various civil officers in the employment
of the Crown ?
Mr. RICE said, that every possible reduction would be
made in the several department., but suggested that more
particular replies could notbe expected until the confidential
advisers of the Crown were in the House. It was not to
he expected that a person holding the office which he did
should be prepared to answer such questions. •
Air: HUAIE said that, in his opinion, all salaries over
5001 a year ought to be reduced one-half. Not including
the officers of the House of Lords, or of the Courts of
Law, 993 persons received an income of 2,066;574/.
which gave an average of 2,080/. to each. The officers
of the House of Commons received 19,642/. ; Judicial
officers, not including those of the Common Plea.,
466 83131. ; Civil officers under the Crown, 655,434/. ;
Diplomatic and Consular officers, 251,624/. ; Naval and
Military Pensions to officers, 334,3271. ; Colonial officers,
338,7111. Of these 161 enjoyed an income of between
2,5001. and 5,000/. a year. The incomes of 44 of them
ranged between 5,000/. and 10,000!. ; and there were
1l above 10,000/. Two hundred and sixteen of them
received a gross income of 916,8071, If the information he
possessed included salaries below 1,000!. a-year, and over
500/. they would be found to amount to upwards of
.2,000,000/. It should be remembered how great was the
expellee of collection. The fact was, they could sever
come to a complete knowledge of the sums paid in that
way until they should hove a Committee such as bad been
appointed in the year 1810, on the motion of the lion.
Member for Dorsetshire, which led to a most valuable
and important report. Before the late Government went
out of office he had intended to move fora similar Com-
mittee, but he hoped that the present Government would
do it themselves. lie then moved for a continuation of
the Pension List to the latest period to which it could be
made up, which was agreed to.
Mr. OWEN presented a petition from Pembrokeshire,
praying for the abolition of West India slevery.—To lie
on the tattle.
Mr. HUME moved for a return of the prisoners con-
fined in Glasgow gaol for debt during the years 1827,
1828 and 1829. In hie opinion it would be kgreat im-
provement to abolish imprisonment for debt in all cases of
small debts.—The motion war agreed to.
Mr. EVANS presented several petitions from places in
Yorkshire,
l ballot,
V A p VANS also nolnt I.
apAltrrcei tse4hpt
ee esnrynet abolition
aeldinioinat
eisi:ldp?erntniac
ti
stamps'
;of:.
eentda
duty.
Sir from
r o favourm o
King-
ston-on-Hull, elec-
tioning
t °Ant:o.llB-IC,
uni
,)N Sl V
againstA
Sir M. S. STFAVART presented a petition from
Newark, against slavery.
Ceoriel SIBTHORPE moved for returns, showing the
number of convictions for adulteration of beer since the Ist
of January, 1827. lie was induced to move for these
from hearing of such bad cases lately, that he really be-
lieved the public might just as well drink so many bottles
of Day and Martin's blacking.
Mr. RICE requested thache might be allowed to look
over the paper first, as to the tirrm: there was no objec.
Lion to the return.
Colonel SIBTHORPE accordingly postponed the mo-
tion till Monday.
Mr. HUME said, that when the tax on beer was taken
off, they were told that there would be a great reduction
of Excise-officer* but he could not hem of any as yet.
Mr. A. LEFROY presented petitions from places in
Cork, Antrim, Armagh, against slavery.
Mr. WYNN presented a similar petition from some
place in Caernarvon.
Sir W. GUISE presented six similar petitions from the
county of Gloucester.
Air. KENNEDY presented a petition from Ayr, pray-
ing for compensation to the slave-owners.
Lord MORPETH presented a petition from Hull, pray-
ing for a more speedy, and less expensive Mode of recover-
ing email debts.
Lord MOIIPETII presented a great number of petitions
from places in Yorkshire, against slavery.
Mr. HUDSON presented a petition from Newcastle-on-
Tyne, to the saute effect.
Mr. BRISCOE presented four petitions from places in
Surrey to the same effect.
Sir IL lIATESON presented two petitions from the
.
county of intim to the same effect.
Mr. JAMES JOHNSON presented a petition front
Linlithgow to the same effect.
Mr. S. LUMLEY presented a petition from Mansfield
to the same effect.
After a few words from Mr. Hume, Mr. Curteis, Mr.
htuthven, and other Hon. Members, the petition was
ordered to be printed.
Air. CURTEIS presented a retition from a parish in
Sussex, for Reform in Parliament,
and the vote by ballot.
'The lion. Melange presented a petition from another
parish in the same county, against slavery.
Mr. HODSON presented a petition, praying for the
abolition of the duty on coals from Newcastle-on-Tyne.
Sir W. W. WYNN presented a petition against the
truck system, front a town in unlatch.
Sir W. INGLEBY presented u petition front a parish

. .
in Norfolk, complaining of di,ireis , and pra;;;4' Ile' sila
duction of tithes and taxes. . .-,
1,45, ~
Mr. WRIGIITSON presenhsi it petitionfrolat ...
~,i-
praying for the total repeal of the house and wit ‘
fitt..i
. . •
duties.
Mr. IAPNAIIARA presented a petition from 001747::,
relative to the elective franchise of that town.. ~_ . ,No:. 14'
Mr. RICE pteseiiieti petitions from Chive), relative 0 :-.-P,
the Elective Franchise of Galway.
ADJOURNIIEN I' OF THE HOUSE. ,if
On the motion of 311.. RICE, this House, milts 440(4.4,..,
.
adjourned to Monday next. _ . ..,.. ..
Mr. CAMPBELL presented two petitions from thorns,* , •
and female inhabitants of Copt. against Slavery.
M r. A DE ANE presented a petition ham Everadalerloar,',.'
annther.plact in CarThridgeshite, to the sameeffect:': -,
Mr. DOSIINICk BROATN preterite:Ll a petitionfrets
some place in Camay, relative to the Elective Fratichiseet's
that place; also a petition front Kilvine, in Mayo, egalMl
the Grant to 01'1'1(11,1*re-street Society.
The House then adjourned at a Quarter past-Nint,.:::
...
~.

FRENCH PAPERS•

• i
PROP A PRIVATE. CORRESPONDENT Op A moteiNa eieeij
i,..,_• ,
A RIS, Dec. I.—The trial of the ex-Ministers Is St nett
officially fixed for Wednesday, the 15th instant, and Will tbenl r„"
s
positively come on, unless, at the particular,instance or I s
s.
cosec!cosec!themselves, it shall be postponed to January.. ii
not be removal from their present esse, prison to the ~.•
s. ,•••
.
tete !I:snit-41 the kith instant. ~..,•-; s'
ilinethrilostso
Up to this moment we ire (mailed to triCeolill_s ..-• vie
vales of Stock made and alluded to iti His: ettirt,frosii,r„L- is ~,i
yesterday ; the general belief on 'Change was, 0.1 ...el: . ,
made for M. Aguado ; but whether to etrectsOwli aeon'. ';',
the market to meet some engagements, or from Iliese_,
on the subject of war, the very curious publiiiluertwi'
'boweVer and
Wmalay:,:wrrt.i4rithvina.tteh.cre:neexe.'pep:corndteceitenwiceMlii:nrcissootnemirelealo°:ett4l4lljaounirrntionva...-st,..:Pd4b.
imbine,
much edict. .. . 1 seetiktitii-'
duce the belief that- the campaign against France, se_f lit
glum, was about to commence. One private letter.het :* ,P,
the arrival of General Diebitsch in Prue& !t Rosies_ E ,
with the object that, after haying become ixspular with th
..Kfr
Jean army, which his being himself a PrUtsllll would fliril
he might be the more acceptable as the Commander.inste ".:
the combined armies of Russia and Prussia lei the
which was expected to open in March next. ' .;410,;,-, ,
There is some plausibility in this speculation ; but the, ...eo • ,
caned Foreign Private Correspondence, which .aPPII lit' i'll
of the Parisian news n, is of such a strange nature aii.„,,,,, !
or so much distorts truth, as to induce the suspin .76i.
~,4
the produce of home manufacture Of this)ou have aMt ,:r,...,
specimen in the Courrier Francais of this day, WIMS°.'-00'
correspondent announces that " the locks and lia, Y__onese.,,,,uw i.
been removed from the muskets of the militia.' illesZ•iii
does not state what new discovery in military, sc4it_nce Trillf
this measure ; nor does he state the number of dour, i P..- ts.P
militiamen now in all England.
• Ilis next announcement is that ii the yeeMas-rerho.,,,,bninotig
called upon to enter into thecavn/ry ;but thatsa.cari!lifiTtilid ,
with seven Millings per day, they have not caniP" hi ,o( lam''
item of information is the order given by
th4"°PtherersMg •
werst, near Bartel (county of Suuex), to the
ft Lila ~,'hues, .
to take money out of the parish; and the ,M„i /50'
residence of the Duke of Wellington (Strathnees"•l r
my pp4oo
°°"ed by 200 men." Here was a mare's nest ,fo
contemporary I enroe°•mast dr
Our domestic news Is, however, that whieh ....sweatier, • •-,
our thoughts. This day is excessively Midi the Throned or,r
crowds are assembled in the neightemrhood 'in `•-.., heeisterhe ~
Deputies, to learn the nature of the "forthaendli_io Mem, •
communications. Every laxly i 3 interested its tbes°,f,iieueest.
than the pemle of England would imagine: _tPri,;Thoter et
Guards (mobiles) shall be ;decal at the dispomj,,W ~,,ier te tilagh
War, and that Minister of War being Settilie° '"therisine -•
to the frontiers may, within 43 hours after t05.,„,411:, and count"
it shall hare passed, carry from their shot*, sml7.rij, 1-10P0,°11
ing.housee, one.third of the young Men in i"."oot gtolatbm—
entertained nevertheless, by many. that war ..,,,..,,,,,menti:
.. .-
species of flatteriug unction which the silence ocrit;;te r)„ 4
tn thia moment does not warrant the parties in 1111,1, the 000 ,/,.t
souls—for, as was well observed 'by a speculator „.. hgerieet,°_,
yeeterdayi the new practice of the Munster or tel,eilwalre Pe
calm public agitation by communications to thee,. wet ati
la Bourse has not been followed up during en”.. -.
despondency and alarm.ArDl O.
and c°ll pa':
Government has at length ventured to make
,__„„,„ hiore
appointments in the Church--a step which estlet.•,o 0,01.
neas than you can easily be brought to be11eve.,,21:„.:14h, whow ~
a doubt that it will have opened the mouths or pea. ;;: aeon
of the journalists, who will unite in an ehnost gen •••,-""- ~.
prlesteraft and Jesuitism.
Lenui Is
innte s sk A gii‘
considerablei t i nnjOat °biu t:CC Oun Cal'
t. riot n
sd. The
t iii:Uurt i
theiiin i ri
1 i
tends'ti ihrel4 U Ida
cgi fr° rif!.11,!14:,,....1;0:11111:064:1-: . ;
ther a fall. This may, in some degree, be s rtn't7teir malts
reported incapability of some speculator t
.renees, ~,ww sr
athreisnno'womaent 90t 6(.1(80c.• 6°.
of a war, for which all agree that France is at this mow"'
A 4,".,
the
unbi eei nr
country e
dt a .
by
y 1 ts; i so
ins
.understood
narlet
ntofwille htteerblvti
elbltsai,cutatitchaeinednnse
dswoetipcif.,setcees!,n7o!,,,,_rig,
eee.; titi ag'S .'
unprepared. ed this day at 621" -i) 16:( ",
The l'bree per Cents. opee
—..—..-- I. ,
tato
~
of Si • ''..-
At one o'clock, after N. CASlmitt r.,,,
„roposition
.....,
the chair, the discussion commenced 0_ iii ,t
se rest'
to meet at one o'clock precisely. wide, He cons...o___l ~
Ilu rn blot C:milp:e,MhanvEi: °t'oFr II
ta) E.
rob!: ec:ILtin:i:lb:1:11:1'nE ittn eh:IIVI •
N. ETIENNE ridiculed the re
ad out of the naMes Otte!
code of the kW:sot-house. The r. is of time ; and erenter_
'Rfehieiteksivic,oprpeerscu:v 0,,,,,,enedut,,,,,,,,,,,, , ,
~.
discussion (said he) will delay, fors the country ealortc_l °floe.
nicatiou of the important ht the oath required or it ,
last two days. lie thouent th;h" pOnetUatitYY ..., litl.
puu wpastriazuuttiscumsientssedasoicathlenj„.l,„_,.....) item, which:WU oPPosv'i ••,, ,
iDenolpeulotirtesunweo,upluderibele,ain::uidechnaliesit.tPrriel:itnadnedhoibilMr,
M. 11 51111,0 T COM'
ich
ag" a f'W
3nlin
suties, jag
the Chaos i's,
led , A
I,its.te,Bleirnmihriisi,coonnctihweiciynndsi,afehrencie
In?. _tne:i
byb the
excited 'violent murmurs, was rfek7e Council, collunui%`l,.,„a 1. •
M. Is A FITT'« President of 5,,..0f the euegranen_ As.. ,
come," says he," to rep • b A Government that has
mage occasioned to the country ys. ,
_To come to p
.Otte raorii . ,
resM•oil'uliitioei rre• relative to thretiniothsel:ll:3ue:hYdlt,hethe itoln ,f :e
ruled it for upwards of fifteen year s e
on eind oaf,
e:;;;;
restoring to the State of the co,l2e•t fund,
Which WO 0 ,
granted by it by the etnigranta 'lr.
ed ainnunte eelW Laillte
.s
the Inuit inadequately indemnitni
-a tell to that cti. jo afPg
francs out of the 1,000,000,030 ft ir "cif
binations on thi,,.t t 0104
then proceeded to give sonic exP -., ~,,eid by : •,, .
primed for the purposie of distributing
country. Ile said that the warlike resneOeLlTs prommilove :03
days, in consequence of the great ar imvi
Powers, were without foundation. a to
ebstdhoseslbowbo:ooooo,er/' e
the French Government repeate Ileaueeeii dAI P.ho
of their desire to ereserve it. __,..., wbieb
_ahoy he:
more intimate connect with us a coups.? arresitilet,_,oo •
ceded us in the path to liberty, who has eer vi,el,Vease,
roism in the late contest, and our modettefLaiustiate'Le" tee
with which we are now In community ot inif:i-eletyltFr.
peace wank! be maintained, inasmuch, atnathitiii, due
Ind
same lively sympathy. The even ' crisis paspow%
ing country had led 113 CO Deilere that
.e.._ _leo
hence the cause of the armaments Inani.„l,7r 0 A 10.0,11,0 en
I must own, however, that we hsaav:mo,tiontprobednajoutse id,,,,buel
we can assure you that they ar witd se,i,,,`e bolt re T.. 7;
precaution than in hostile dislon. ~..,. e,oisnat!.7o 0
that subject the most satisfactory at d poes.i.r.; erodes/fa..., the,,
are cleterinined ou acting with the nuesst gi,:11,;;;.' We 1,14 S T.
tion. - liet •
which is incalculable; but FrilliCC, at . 1107,,,rren
0...00
tfoririesinaginshreofitierly. elliairlot has
re, ituelrrenbalwa;te_.:l°l.l),lls dMuaill°4l7;
sutibr the violation of the priticiple of
en !.1.2.N7 that c ,Zter
be unavoidable, it must be preyed to th
ssr te'•;re pisete: IVs
sought for it, and that it was
untY
whiten that vreacelnefiie. oil.
oPiVnefatitrihebleiettou. Paver.
war and the dereliction of our prineiP-- —at thesisret"obalpPO , ~
shall continue to negociate, but we iv i Il_rzsiii,okoefi, well , ord. I ..,
negotiations shall Ise supperted by 5041°111ton or 1441",v7a1d P 0
well officered ,and by is reserve of one re,, himself , „ eile,.. ,
and if circumstances ne it, the i'..511,1;0,, criee oit 014'4
himself at the head of the itatirme4 t, gather A hill iiit
Role' ii Vive la liberte!") If new tetur i
these whOdono ,
of the three colours, so much the Worse for •
r the 0n4.02d I,ll° lile
them low; we shall not be respells. l-',7 theEecapitit or.
..„, ,
meree of the e
re M. Latitte teen carry on _ throw..
firiancial soureet of France toot. roomy,. 1
*till persistal in sayin# that peace was_ln he) with nse Olen,
When France used England (contin it.,,ttaw %0 pa 5.741
when other great Powers are anxious for_istio,,
girto. Te
ask, be anticipated. 'I repeat it,, ourl2l47ieguit an all
ported by 50,ti00 withd a liveliestr ,„uyiasise,_garto eat
speech was received this ssini:lst cog IV:i orDiso,
Mardi il StIU LT, Minister of Wart b thoilie,Othees errs
for the putting Into active orrice of esebtr.nme ,ite.,,. is ~,oe
ream of conscript* of, 1830. He weat ovej yd, IsXe.roof „cop
tion of the state of the ;country elven "iew MO dersnie "saw
ceive," said he, "the mo.t pacific assuran .
ogni, Wine,
the Continent, yet grave events ar Ni913 r ealvei;eosre?oe
mentaiire in progress. in the greetpart ,f Ike give,,,,,,,ii
not remain peaceable spectators of these i"..„:4" betel', last e;eo,
she unanimous cry of France Is for ;wan rieubtel'oPet°,taiel
many pledges of her pacific intentions to no or s . oe w;ire
firmly determined on supporting the P°l.Ter„oesestlisi i(shg_„, arc
tion. France has atundonal 'the idea i;ttliout, a , eiialw
for liberty at home and independence . %wens. . „.,,n,
obliged to draw the sword, three millions,ol_4.ll
..0001 r-
ready to take the field." (!abed aecianuTlesntea' ..0.1
M. DUPONT, Minister of Justice, the P a, 00 r- •
jtets connected with his department. (oho gin° ....
The young !lire de Nemours, second son 50°' rffiel
sent at this Sitting. Oir 5' sop...
....... Cent',
FRI.:NeII FUNDS.I.+FIVC 1,•• • ~,, p‘,,C. ~,,,,, ,;„ 0
90f. :Mc. 75c. 50c. 30e. 40e. poi: toe. Ekr.alhe. 102"; 110410
`inc.
'la 59e. • 'three per Cents. Oh "—: low 'W.'. j 'Oro
inc. fill fa. 10e'. Mr 75e. 60e. ; Bank A' ea ,21...te tr.,
CAL
Naples, 661. 25e. 64if. fete li.c tlef. ,511%; T•,1•-;;„ ,010
d'espagne, 12%; Royal Spentsb 1.-,•?n,n°ll aytteli'; Tn
diEspagne, 45% 4 45 et,ta ea 45 ON se, i „net, Tm
Exchange on London ; One month, In
months, paper, 45f. 15e.

Five men have been this morning Cr, fudr:(ll,l2%
--i—,--r"""""0.............rt"
hrottbt to this town, and 4.oo,alltted to poi, -- -, oti
concerned_ in the riotous aisemblage,. at fad Stnwer—c.
iteorontileady
a; trhe,eiyu,
catliionuprefocrtdtithodas.to tTheheryesttleuee 01 the
1,,,
mgar. Toatattars, of Stowei,provott and with Outfit! _
as a ino waus assembling
tordity afternnon, by a poly of artnweder;ecoaloPteuorte'llerfro;
fer SW PurP°l"iseceo
ipti
aimptitude alone prevented an attempt' at relc_ut Oas
of te'' prisoners is a fanner in decent circorrill id
Shaftesbury
4, and the whole of the neighboorhond $lll4 il
the ut of extreme alarm. At Sturminster Newton, 5p..10,
adjoining parishes, a great 'loather of special toy
Kr,.
rd.have been sworn in. Yesterday
afternoon a Mob °I thcf
i I hundred persons assembled at llenstridge, where„, soil
le.stroyed threshing machines belonging to Air. Go"f rce
Sic Vac. hient.vcorr ; bathe loge constabulary %to
beingt sent from Sherborne, rioters disperser.../I cf
_i? their appearance. The constables an
tiplPypt
oneSherborne and its vicinity were alio called out 11,60..
..._ o'clock this morning to quell a disturbance #t i
L!11.!. five milts from the town. Our sortspoodelso,4
Salty isbory writes.—." We are happy to say aPr ti,r I rot
nue', mole favourable aspect thiut last week----m. ild to
tuber of the rioters have been take* and coillolit:1 tot
prisou, ami we hope the city and nrighboubo°:. tot
lie again thrown Into curb a state of onoteroo°-; two
present every thing appears quiet." Threatening I. the
tom present
been to warty Comers in &Nereid ',AO" ° o,le
icogorstnyi;chainneds inhseaceerablropkltteLtits
ithherume tiroipioaleisvets.r.....o 1)0(0.01
a'ustY Chronicle.

.1•1 ,

,

i'itleSS Or STOCKS THU,
Ink Stock ofY2
!Pt CNA. IIW. 81%%'4%
rterCe . r 4.4 shut9o%
lied. 911411
Xi ow Cont.
jolt
Cent. 18211 9f346
NM L. Ann. • 17 1-lii
„kit:Wyman .... 17K :3-16
suns &ock ..........
Wu) Bonds . 5 pm.
