OLD BAILEY SESSIONS.

This_munting4he above Sessions commence/3.s_
at justice Halt, itr Ole ;Old Bailey,- before the
LORD MAYOR, Mr. Baron OARROW, Mr. Justice
BAILEY, the RECORD,ER, SURRIFFS Alderrrn9
BRIDGES, &C.—The following is a summary
statement of the prisoners fs,r .tr al, . %Cab the
nature of their various offences, viz.-- . .
Middles6.r. London,
fl
1 o
5 0
1 "0
2 '2 .

Burglary .. ►` . - -
Returning from Transportation -
Highway Robbery . - -
Stealing in the Dwelling-house -
Maliciously Shooting - - -
Forgery - .. • - -
Exposing Plate for sale with forged Gold-
smith's Hall Mark - - -
Receiving Stolen Goods - ~
Uttering Counterfeit Coin .. -
Embezzlement - - -
Stealing from the Person - .
Larcenies - - - -
Obtaining Goods by false pretences .-
1 Ditto Money by ditto - . ,

1 0 • :-
4 0 .
1 1
3 0
17 11 -';

103 19,;::
0 .

.6 •

;56.2;,

TIIE LONDON JOURNALS.

XXTRACTS FROM THE DAILY MORNING PAPERS

December 4, 1822

[MORNING POST.]
The Viscount de Montmorency arrived in Paris
on Saturday last. with the Declaration of the
Congress, and the Duke of Wellington was ex-
pected on Monday. It was reported that his
Grace intended to remain some days i❑ that
capital, which created a hope that although his
efforts to prevent the Allied Sovereigns from
granting a war license to the Ultras, had failed,
he still conceived it possible by a direct applica-
tion to the French "Government to convince it of
the impolicy and danger of its course, and to in-
duce it to suspend or to recal its determination.
This, though highly improbable, does not appear
impossible, when it is considered that the article
in which the Moniteur officially informs the
public that the fetters of the Government are
broken, and that it' is at liberty to make war
upon Spain, does not clearly explain in what
manner it is intended to use that liberty.—
Never at a moment of great and painful interest
was an article written with more studied and
mortifying ambiguity. Much exultation is ex-
pressed at the Confidence reposed by the Allied
Powers in the wisdom of the French Govern-
Tricia ; but what are the measures determined on
by that wisdom is left a matter of doubt and
speculation. This may arise from two causes :
either it is wish'ed to prevent a sudden and
alarming fall in the value of public securities, by
only suffering the intentions of the Government
to transpire slowly and progressively, or those
intentions are themselves still wavering and un-
settled. And well may the Ultras hesitate be-
fore they plunge their country into a war which
may devour them and the throne which they pre-
tend to support, in its wide sweep of devastation.

[TILE TI M ES.]
With respect to a war between France and
Spain, and the probability of that event, upon
,rvhich so many interests and anxieties are sus-
pended; the question, as it hangs at present, is in
this precise position :—that France has full
liberty conceded to her of interfering in the
affairs of the Peninsula as she pleases, by peace-
ful representations or by hostile attack.; and that
she has the inclination to make war ! an inclina-
tion, we will add, not resulting from a just com-
putation of public utility, hut precipitated by
personal feeling or passion. For of what
use is the attack upon Spain to prove ? If it
be meant by an hostile inroad to preserve the
life of the King, supposing it to be in danger,—
which we of this country, who have recently
witnessed the destruction of a Royal personage,
should be the last to deny,—war is almost the
only method by which the King's life cannot be
saved. But if it be meant to make the defeated
party triumphant in Spain, by means of a foreign
force, it is evident that the foreign force which
effects this change in the Peninsula must remain
there to support that which it has effected ; or,
in other words, Spain is to lie occupied by the
French ; and what then becomes of our com-
merce with the Spaniards—the Spaniards who
wow offer us with a liberal hand, as one
free people offers to another, all the resources
ef their own kingdom, and an unfettered
import to all the manufactures of ours ? And
are we to suffer Spain, under these circum-
stances, to become a commercial enemy in the
hand, of France ? Spain will either triumph
over, or succumb under, the unprovoked attack
of the Bourbons. If the former, if she defends
herself by her own energies (shame be to us !)
she will owe us no gratitude ; but if the latter—
if, " which Heaven forfend," Spain should be
conquered—it is impossible that we should suffer
her to remain a province of France : we must
then, at our own expence, raise her into inde-
pendence. It is clear, therefore, that we must,
tither sooner or later, go to war for Spain rather
than that she should sink under France. At
present we still hope strong representations may
suffice.

[NEW TIMES.I
It is very probable that this great body of the
French population would willingly remain at
peace ; but the leaders of the Royalists see that
this is scarcely possible with safety to the Mo-
barch. The leaders of the Liberals, on the other
hand, though they affect to clamour against the
war, are secretly desirous that it should take
place, hoping that the army will find itself re-
duced to great straits by invading Spain; and that
in the meanwhile a 'rebellion may be excited in
France. In these views they are as much misled
by their prejudices as they were in their judgment
on the Neapolitan campaign. When the Austrian
army entered the Abruzzi, Gen. Foy exclaimed
in the Chamber of Deputies, "Rs 71C sortiront
jamais !"—" they will never get out." In like
manner they now say the French army will never
get out of Spain. They argue thus—if the great
Napoleon, with his invincible legions, found it
impossible to conquer Spain, our raw levies con],
{handed by inexperieticed.oilicers must a fortiori
be beaten and disgraced. Now this is like most
of the reasoninpof these gentry, built on a total
perversion of facts. The very causes which
made Buonaparte fail are those which promise
success to the present French army. He entered
.a country where people were unanimously against
him ; they will have the great majority of the
people on their side. Ile had to contend with
the Guerillas ; the Guerillas are now carrying
4/11 an active warfare against the Republicans.—
lie came to depose King Ferdinand ; they come
to restore him to his just rights.

[MORNING CHR.ONIICLE.I
in reasoning on the queStion of the probability
of peace or war, we always kept in view the
difficulty of supposing that the French Govern•
ment would incur the expense of its immense
preparations for war, without an understanding
with some of the leading, Continental. Powers,
and a determination to avail itself of he permis-
sion if it should be obtained. he assurances,
however, which we received of the determination
of the other Powers to preserve the peace of

Europe were so positive, and it appeared to us
at the same time to be so much the interest of all
(with one exception perhaps) to adopt such a de-
termination, that we believed the French Govern.
ment would not be allowed to gratify its warlike
inclinations. N ow, however,that the Congress,con-
trary to expectation, has given to that Government
the power of deciding this momentous question for
itself, we cannot bring ourselves to think that it
mill not avail itself of it. We know that a con-
trary opinion was yesterday far from uncommon
in very respectable quarters; but we confess the
arguments we have heard urged in favour of it
do not weigh much with us. We think the Ultras
have gone too far to be able to recede, even if
so inclined. We have not the highest opinion
of their understandings, but we think they must
at all events be penetrating enough to see that
they would incur the contempt even of their
own partizans, were they to stop short after
having proceeded such lengths. Peace could only
be preserved by a change of Ministry, and of this
we think there is little chance. We expressed
ourselves yesterday guardedly with respect to
our own Government; and we do not yet deem
the time come for speaking more explicitly on
this subject. We shall only remind our readers
of the energy our Ministers lately displayed
when the object was merely the protection of the
Turks. At such a momentous conjuncture as
the present they cannot remain neuter, without
confessing either that this great and once power-
ful nation lies prostrate at the feet of the Holy
Alliance, or that under the mask of neutrality
they are partizans of the Holy Alliance.

[BRITISH PR ESS.J
The Congress of Verona has not disappointed
those who expected neither wisdom nor justice
from their deliberations. They have given their
sanction to a war against liberty in Spain. This,
not unprecedented, act of interference in the in-
ternal affairs of an independent nation, is as might
be expected, veiled over with the grave pretence
of proximity of danger and necessary self-defence.
If the Congress were to declare war against
Spain, it would be an honest avowal of the real
object in view, and an open exposure of the
principles adopted ; it would be an avowal of the
despotic conspiracy formed against representative
government, and an exposure of the resolution to
repress by foreign bayonets the attempt of any
nation to liberalise its institutions. Therefore,
that cunning which belongs to mean injustice has
devolved upon France the part of declaring the
war of despotism, because France can intelli-
gibly pretend danger to her dynastry from the
vicinity of successful resistance to arbitrary
government. France can have recourse to the
eloquence of Burke, and urge the necessity
of guarding against the flames which rage in her
neighbour's house. For the sake of this notable
pretext, recourse has been had to the unde-
'scribable fiction of an European Court of
Chancery, from which France, the humble pe-
titioner, obtains an injunction against the work
of political amelioration in Spain. It is marvel-
lous to us that, in the present age of reading and
inquiry, this monstrous fiction should be gravel'
circulated through the world. That the Con-
gress have had recourse to it is far indeed from
surprising, but that it should not be at once
scouted by the intelligent public of England,
does seem strange and almost unaccountable.

[MORNING HERALD.]

Few events seem to us more calculated to ex,
cite deep and painful meditation than the deci-
sion of the CongreSs. Whatever may be the
result of the struggle—(for the Spaniards will
struggle, and desperately struggle, before they
yield again their bodies and their souls to slavery,
and consign that harvest of men of public virtue
and public talent, %Odd) has grown up among
them, to the dungeon, the torture, and the scaf-
fold)—whatever, we say, may be the result,
what a deplorable and protracted state of
bloodshed, suffering; and desolation, will it
not produce ? But it will be said, England
was dissentient, and has no share in all this.—
We can discover here but little matter for conso-
lation—not even i❑ the fact, which we sincerely
believe, that the Government did all in its power,
to avert this resolution of the Congress. No
British Government, that was not incredibly
infatuated, could do otherwise than resist
it. Who is the British Minister that would
voluntarily unloose the grasp of British
power and influence on the Continent, from a
leaning to the pretensions of absolute monarchy
and passive obedience ? What then is the reflec-

tion suggested, on the face of the thing, by the
result of these deliberations of the Congress ?
Will not many ask themselves whether England
has not had the staff of her power on the Conti-
nent broken ? We do not say that it yet is so. But
we would put the question, whether England
would have met such a discomfiture, in negocia-
tion among those Powers of the Continent, thirty
years. ago ? Is it the fatal difference of our Na-

tional Debt ? Unmindful stipendaries ! it has
been contracted, in clothing, feeding, arming,
animating, and re-animating them—in sending
fleets and armies to, fight their battles—to eman-
cipate them from bondage, or restore them from
hopeless exile. Supposing this alliance of usur-
pation on the Continent to succeed in bringing
the Peninsula within its vortex, what hold has
England on the Continent ? It is true they are
all our Allies—at least as yet ; but for friends
we have none—excepting only the Turks.

An alteration of 'some importance has been
made in the Post Office at Halifax. The Lon-
don letters have hitherto been dispatched in the
afternoon about four o'clock, but now they are
sent by the new Mail, which passes through at
two or three o'clock in the morning, and meets
the North Mail at 'l'adcaster ; by which means
the letters arrive as soon in London as by the old
conveyance.—( Leeds illereuu.)
NOVEL BATTLE.—On Sunday last two crows
were observed playing and gambolling with a
sea-gull, on the island in the Lune, at Kirkby
Lonsdale. In an instant, and apparently by
concert, they both pounced upon the lull, and
struck it dead at one blow with their beaks, and
immediately proceeded to strip off' the feathers
and devour the flesh.
