FLITSIIIRE, MAY 3.

(FROM A CORRESPONDENT.)
Sir John Hanner, the anti-reformer, having retired
from the field, Mr. Lloyd Mostyn will be returned to-ntor-
row (Friday) without opposition; and for the borough,
his father, Sir Edward Lloyd, will be returned next week,
in the same manner, both staunch reformers.

REFORM AT SIDMOUTLI.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Slll,-Such is the f-eling in behalf of Reform in ti.e
delightful town of Sidmouth and its neighbourhood, that
there is scarcely a single
,freeholder unfavourab!e to the
glorious cause brought forward by our beloved King and
his Ministers to destroy the corrupt and villanous borough-
mongering faction, and who, as a matter of come, will
give their honest support to Lord John Russell. A Noble
Viscount (Weymouth), the son of a well-known Tory
Nlariluis, has been very busily engaged in canvassing for
his liberal and patriotic relative, whose return for Devon-
shire is now certain.

May 7.

I have the honour to be,
Your obedient and humble Servant,
A REFORMER.

HANTS COUNTY ELECTION.

WINCHESTER, Mir 6.

. Our streets, at a very early hour this morning, began to
put on the appearance of bustle. Men, women, and chil-
dren were walking in groups to see the numerous flags and
laurel boughs suspended from a number of the inns and
houses. The flags in buff and blue were Sir James Mac-
donald's and Mr. S. Lefevre's colours. The High Shetiff,
Sir H. Tichborne, Bart., arrived about ten o'clock, and
then went to the County Hall, followed by as numerous
a muster of freeholders as we ever witnessed, and we may
say unanimous with the laurel, the emblem of the above
gentlemen candidates. No one appeared as a Flemingite,
Mr. Fleming having resigned. Sir James and Mr. Lefevre
were received with the most deafening shuts of applause.
After the usual formalities had been gone through, the
Sheriff adjourned to the Grand Jury Chamber, when he
commenced the election of two Knights to serve in Par-
liament.

Sr: THOMAS BARING carne forward, amidst loud and
continued cheers, and said that if countenances of men
were the index of their minds, there could be no difficulty
in knowing what their feelings and sentiments were; for
he saw every eye there present beam with joy and exulta-
tion, and it would be ever memorable in the annals of
Ilampshire.—(Cheers.) They had obtained a glorious
and triumphant victory—a victory that would be followed
by a greater one in the House of Commons. He hoped
and trusted we should make such a use of our victory this
day as would do us credit, namely,. a forbearance tosards
our fillets enemies. He was not a retbrm.r of yesterday--
he was not a reformer made by the events of Paris or of
Belgium—he had long been a reformer. He had been
announced as such publicly more than 20 years ago ; he
had faithfully and honestly stated his opinion from that
spot nine or ten years ago, and they recollected that
on that occasion Mr. Hunt was pleased to say that he (Sir
T. B ) was a greater radical than himself. If he had said
a snore consistent one lie would have been nearer the
truth, for wh le he had continued to support Reform, Mr.
Hunt had done everything in his power to injure it, and
he would say that be would have the brand of political
hatred as loeg as lie existed. The Reform he advocated
was to give the people of England the spirit and substance
of the British Constitution, and what would give to all
classes a full and free representation. There are other
reformers of a day who, like the mushroom from the hot-
bed, have sprung up, and will not support any effectual
one which ►night be brought forward. Ask any of them
if they will agree in the extinction of rotten and nomina-
tion boroughs, they would tell you at once that would be
interfering with private property. If you ask of them the
power of voting in corporation towns they say it would
be robbery ; 'they affect to be reformers, but are in
truth no reformers at all. They are like those
persons who affect to be the very advocates of the
abolition of slavery—but are in fact no aboli-
tionists at all. As to the late Members of the
county, he should in vain attempt to find them ; they
were no longer in political existence. His Hon. Friend, Sir
James Macdonald, had suffocated them with the Reform
Bill.—(Laughter.) He would write their epitaph—
" De mnrtuis nil nisi bonum."
" We should speak no ill of the dead."

With respect to his friend, Sir W. Heathcote, it was pain
ful to him to sep.trate, but he could not consent to sacrifice
the good of his country to any private feelings of friend-
ship—(Applause)—but at the same time that he found it

his duty to find fault with their late Members it 13.caiate his
duty also to find out a person fit to represent that great
and populous county in Parliament, but they had saved
him that troub c—they had found one forothemselves. As
Sir James Macdonald was not well known to some of
them, would they accept his testimony as to his character?
-(Yes, yi Well, then, he was a man of great probity
and great personal worth—of high integrity—an honour-
able, independent, and consistent politician, and of his
talents they had an opportunity of judging ; lie con-
sidered him a fit representative for the county. Should,
however, his conduct prove different from what he was
confident it would be, he hoped every freeho!der would
oppose hint on any future occasion ; but being firmly per-
suaded be bad rightly estimated his conduct, he would
propose him as a fit person to represent the county in
Parliament.—(Loud and continued cheers.)
JoHN MILLS, Esq., 'on seconding the nomination of
Sir James Macdonald, said that it was with great satis li
-
faction that on his first entering the political contest of the
county the t isk should be so pleasing ; on one side he saw

the King and the people, and on the other the borough•
monge►s that prey nom the vitals of the country. He
saw others, who at one time professed liberal principles,
but when some personal sacrifice were to be made, turned
their backs upon the country; already had the vultures

been scared from their prey, but still he saw them hovering
over it, he heard their frantic dreams, and still marked
them in the air ; it was an omen they had left something,
but had not yet picked the carcase to the hones. He
trusted that Sir James Macdonald would bend his excellent
talents to the renovating of our excellent Constitution,
not content with having scared the vultures from their
prey. On the great question of Parliamentary Reform,
which occupies all minds and hearts, there is but one mind
and feeling; and upon which I performed that part of my
duty, that of recommending a man to you of true prin-
ciples, one who will support the Bill brought in by Lord
lolin Russell, who has been consistent and hone.t, neither
looking to one side or the other, who has done his duty
fearlessly and conscientiously, such is the man that I
commend to your notice. The proceedin,,,s in the House
of Lords haVe shown the spirit of these boroughtnongers,
when they bearded the King in person, unwilling to re.
,rdieno done
00;
up
go letls
tntghocent.:lsti
hnmoawtt
Lefevre,
telloe uf e
vyaroreue,
linquish their accursed rotten boroughs. What was the
scene which took place; they did that which no other
that in attempting to free yourselves from the bondage
faction
itieniombaoey:
:a. earthl
P.
t:lwj ciEiri)argwvr uoo
slt would
corruption asyltitea.
seeking revolution.—(Applause.)
ullenl:ojttehasat Majesty
to
huhea
tdhhaedg
tr
he Consultedaetilgeutnel "se:
ilrroanopfpo
proposing
fnrßeospes his
the county and people at large to ex-
press their
talgthlisaiatrtiti;vstrieint,:litsii to his feelings, and gave him the most
to their notice this day a gentleman of great niehtal
talents and independent principles to aid the gre it cause of
Reform. In recommending Mr. Lefevre as there re-
presentative, he did so on a conviction that lie would be
a zealous defender of the liberties of gngliihmen, and a
warm supporter of the present Bill of Reform..-4 Applause.)
Sir R. SIMEON said he appeared before them on this oc-
casion to second the nomination of Mr. Lefevre as one of
the representatives for the county, and to convey the voice
of 900 freeholders of the Isle of Wight, anxious to
register their votes on the great vital question of Reform,
I say vital, because I declare in my solemn conviction,
that on the passing or not of that measure depends the
safety of the county. Gelitleinen, in the person of my Han.
Friend you have an uncompromising Reformer. We are
said to be friends of revolution, ft nds of a measure that
will endanger private property, do they think we are such
fools as to wish such an event for our own stkes ; has
my Hon. Friend near me nothing to lose, has the high-
minded Baronet nothing to lose, has Mr. Jervoise nothing
humble
o lose;stake,
to lose, and has not every man even the humblest some-
thing wa
dyou haveu haveallyour, something
aand God
t s I
knows,liave
my
hnwe
neither wish to take from our neighbou! s or lose our
own ; we wish to lose nothing save the rotten boroughs,
which Mr. Alexander Bang wishes to preserve, but which
the Howards, the Cavendishes, the Russells, are wishing
to lighten Britannia of her cargoes, to make her capable
of weathering the storm, and enable her to carry the cf.&

safely down the stream of time.—(Applause.) All CO
of tacts have been thrown out by the abettors of corrlli
tion during this contest, they said it would overturn $0
overthrow the Constitution, but no one ever said his je
place in the House of Comtnons that its corruptions are
clear as the sun at noon day. We have the old fabric
King, Lords, and Commons, and this is the one my 11" e;
Friend supports. After some further ohservat:on, be said
the opponents of the measure said, " Give us time; Ye;
have taken us by surprise on the question," and wide'
fifty years ago I recollect debating the question whet
a school-boy, when the great Lord Chatham sad
that if the House of Commons did not reform its'',
within it would reform itself without, and
this declaration, made fifty years ago, they are 11°,!,
taken by surprise, they are the second edition of
sleepers awakened. You have another legend of sleeper*,
which says the voice of the country cries aloud ; it sel
to those sleepers, you turn on us again, and what ilil
they say, we are also reformers. I ask whether you argil
true ones or not, are you the reformers of Sir R. Peel °
Lord Grey? I ask this one question and hope to get
distinct answer, will you have Sir R. Peel's Reform °
Lord Grey's?—(Loud cries of Grey's, Grey's.) You 0'
assistance; then this is the man (pulling forward Mr. lA'
fevre) who will give you assistance.—(Applause.)
J. BONHAM CARTER, Esq. said—Brother freeholder*
lam not to-day going to make a speech, but to do that whit
in many public meetings, is not very acceptable, reading
letters. I have been placed, by the wishes of my friend 4,
as Chairman to the Central Committee, I have received
from all parties of this great county daily, and I may sal'
hourly, returns of the honest and independent votes in the,
c tuse of Reform. After making a few observations wit°,
respect to the part be had taken with Sir J. Macdonald
and Mr. Lefevre, he stated that in the bill published bl
Mr. Fleming the following passage occurs:—,, I rannue
but lament that the representation of this great county je
f dlen into the hands ofa pensioner and a subordinate member
of his Majesty's Government." The moment Sir Janie°
Macdonald saw the passage in question, he wrote to Me'
Fleming, in which be said—" I think it necessary to irr
' form you that I never was in the receipt of any pension;
it is true my name appears in the department of the Priv/
Seal, but I long ago placed the vested interest l°
that situation at the sole disposal of the Govern'
ment." Sir James then stated that lie felt hound
to call Mr. Fleming to prove, by every means i°
his power, this assertion. Mr. Fleming hnmediatelf
answered the letter, and said, till that moment he was tor
aware of the circumstance of Sir James having given it
up, and promised every exertion on his part to contradict
the statement. Mr. Carter said he could prove Sir Jambi,
Macdonald was of an open and ingenuous disposition, an
was bound to say the conduct of Mr. Fleming was equallt
so. My public conduct is known to many of you, or I.
never would have subscribed my name to a requisitiofif
together with a thousand other freeholders, to Sir James'`
to come forward ; and I believe I could stand the test of
inquiry upon my consistency.
The SHERIFF then said, " Is there any other freeholder
who wishes to propose a candidate ?" None appearing, he
declared Sir J. Macdonald and C. S. Lefevre Esq., dull
elected.

Sir JAMES MACDONALD came forward amidst loud and
long-continued cheering, and said they had now answer&
the question put to them by the best of Monarchs. Their
late representative (Mr. Fleming), at the last electioat
had called them a degraded faction ; he then said Mr.
Pitt said an honest man could not carry on the Govern'
inept of this country without Reform. Circumstance'
every day confirmed the state of the representation of tbil
country as corrupt ; look at the SOO millions of debt;
look at the effect of drawing millions of money from the
peop!e—(Loud cheers)—to be expended in tear; look at
the little controul the House of Commons had, and the°,
they would not on this occasion retort on him. Ile won't'
say one ward regarding himself. On the subject to which
Mr. C trter had alluded he would not say one word, but al
Mr. Fleming had been so good as to give him a pension!
he would only say that he would apply the same to the
Reform fund. He was now much better acquainted with
the freeholders than he was ten days ago ; but it vial
better to be little trusted at first than when better ac'
quainted not to be trusted. It had been said 6,1
lie had the support of the great body of the people'
not the wealthy freeholders of the county. This he denied;
But if the higher classes were united against the middle and
lower orders, he would put himself at their head and
fight their battle to the last. If at any time be,
should differ from his constituents on any me tsure of YR",
importance he would resign the trust they had cOnfetreu
into their hands. Such a system could only exist but byes.'
ruption. But possessing a Parliament who would reflect it/
own opinions, tt:e King in this emergency—the King sch°
has found himself under the necessity of refusing to din°
with the citizens of London, for fear of having his 101"
nisters roughly treated in the presence cf the King of Ear
land—put himself boldly into the bands of those men wh°
had first spoken and written on the subject. That WO
the answer of Lord Grey when he took the Government'
it was on condition of effecting a Reform in the Cod'
mons House of Parliament. The Hon. Baronet then gave°
sketch of the operations of the opponents of the Bill, to tie;
feat it in the Commons. In speaking of the dissolution 0)
Parliament, he said Mr. Peel, giving vent to his
dignation in a way that ill became his character,
said the Ministry called on the King to di
solve the Parliament because they wished to. 101
their places, he would ask Sir Robert Peel what would
have been the consequences if those Ministers had abate
doned their posts, and left them at the discretion of Par'
liament ? Sir James, in conclusion, said that they alight
not only on his support to this Bill, but to every 13'1
tending to the welfare of the State.
Mr. LEFEVRE then catne forward, and said he had but
a bad chance after so much had been already said. ",e
thought himself something like a poor gleaner after a skil-
ful farmer had gone over his harvest-field, gathering s
bountiful crop cleanly, and leaving but a very few ears t°
pick up. It grieved him much to state that he, as
ft iend of his country, was obliged to oppose Sir William
Heathcote, the late representative of the county, his pe'
collar and long-acquainted friend ; but he must now sa-
crifice private friendship at the shrine of public good. The
Hon. Gentleman proceeded to a considerable length, but the
lateness of the business prevents our giving further details.
HENRY MARSH, Esq., also addressed the meeting.
The Members were then, according to ancient custotot
girted with sword, belt, and spurs, and chaired.

ORDER OF PROCESSION.
Two Town Serjeants with scarlet robes and staves of office, oil
hof seback.

Banner Banner.
Hampshire Independence. Hampshire Independence.
Two Trumpeters on horseback.
Twenty-four Men with staves, two and two.
Banner. Banner. o
Trial by Jury." " Knowledge is power.
Six Garland bearers.

Banner. Banner.
" Purity of Election." " Liberty of the Press.
The Mechanics of Winchester, six abreast.
Banner. Banner.
United to be free." " England expects that every,
man will do his duty this daY•
A. Mural Band, composed of Twenty-four of the Peasantry of the
neighbouring villages, habited in white smock frocks and
straw hats, and preceded by Richard Snow,. Esq., of
Littleton, with a Shepherd's crook.
Colours of Winchester Volunteers.
Large body of the Freeholders, six abreast.
Banner. Banner.
Lefevre and Independence. Macdonald and Independence.
THE MEMBERS,
In handsome chairs of blue and buff, borne by Eight Men eacho
and Thirty-two men in relief.
Colour. Colour.
The City Arms. The County Prins.
One Hundred Freeholders, six abreast.
Banner.
Banner.
King and People. William and Reforld•

Colour.
The Union Jack.

Large Band of Music.

Colour.
The Royal Standard,

Large body of Freeholders.
The pr,cession, which occupied an immense length, first
proceeded down the High-street, and then through all the
other principal rreets, followed by an immense concourse
of people, that one might have walked for half a mile on.
heads. The processi,m passed under several triqmplot
arches, of laurel and other evergreens, which had bell
formed for the occasion, The windows of the houses
were literally crammed with ladies, who, by• the waving
of handkerchiefs, and the display of colours, evinced their
joy at the emancipation of Hampshire from its Tory Oral'
dom. The triumph of freedom was hailed by the firia
of cannons, the ringing of hells, the display of colour.:
and ribbons, and, last, though not least, the honest and
ui,bought, and almost deafening shouts of the multitude.
In short, the enthusiasm which was displayed and CZ'
pressed upon the occasion is beyond the power of any pen
to describe; and England's ancient capital never witnessed
a prouder day, or one that gave such general satisfaction
to its citizens. Every bosom throbbed with joy—every
eye beamed with delight.
A dinner was given at the George Inn, by the fret.l,lol*
ders, to Sir ,fameslllacdunald, Mi. carter, M.P., in the
chair, and at the Black Swan to Alr. Lefevre, H. Marsh,
Esq., in the chair.

A number of gentlemen have resolved to form
a procession, free of all expense to the candidates, to ac'
company Mr. HYNG and Mr. HUME to the hustings at
Brentford, on Tuesday next, being the day appointed for
the Middlesex election. Those who are anxious to joi►►
the procession and defray their own expenses, are recon►'
mended to transmit their names to the Cominittee of either
candidates.

TO EA

My I
her Maj
Wise you
lent atta

no excus
the part 3
a greater

not in c

mands ; i

Two f
deeply pc
moment.

former, N
stages, h
constituen
Bill, and
at Nevvca
pledge.
Peel's firs
liament,
the head

tons ero
on these f
the evide

umphant
doubt. I
did not A
that those
so little al
tended to
titution.

among di
not think

Bill. If
think of v

.use.) Alf 60
!ttors of corrolvi
idd overturn so'
ever said hid
:orruptions ared
the old fabric
the one my 11°D;
iervat:on, be said
ive us time; V 1
ion," and wide'
question whel.

Chatham 0:
lot reform We:
out, and with
, they are nO
td edition of tbs
.geed of sleeper*,
es aloud ; it selj
n, and what
whether you are{
of Sir R. Peel ori
id hope to get t,
'eel's Reform 1)!
rey's.) You s"
forward Mr. Le'
pplause.)
Cher freeholder*
todo that which
ptahle, reading °I
es of my friend*,
I have receive'
r, and I may 84'
dent votes in 0!

biervations
;ir J. Alacdonal°
bill published 01
os:--" I cann°l
s great county i/
►ordinate membe
oment Sir Janief
he wrote to MP
necessary to ►a'
of any pension;
ent of the Priv/
sted interest ►o
if the Govern'
l►e felt bound
every means ►0
ing i►nmediatell
ment he was un'
having given
'art to contradict!
prove Sir Janet
disposition, 104
ning was equal),if
ty of you, or
to a requisition,
•s, to Sir James'
:and the test of,

• other freeholde
,ne appearing, hi
evre Esq., dull

aid he had but
ady said. Ile
ler after a ski'.
Id, gathering 3
ery few ears t°
that he, as 3
se Sir WlWan,
!ounty, his Fe'
must now ,v
blie good. The
length, but the
further details.
meeting.
atcient custu►ni
mired.

xes of office, 0"

inner.
Independence.

i two.

Banner.
ledge is power.

Banner.
ty of the Pres 3•
weast.

Inez.
,eets that evert,
s duty this clay,
Peasantry of e O
A frocks and
Esq., of

reast.

IDOL
I I ndependence•

:ight Men cacti,

Colour.
County Arens•
ast.

Banner.
im and Reforin•

Colour.
Royal Standard.

Ise length, first
lirough all the
nse concourse
half a mile on
rat tritunp
• hel
rich had bees
of the houses
the waving
, evinced then'
As Tory Oral'
by the firing
of colours
lie honest ad
the multitude.
layed and e%'
er of any PI
ever witnessed
•a 1 satisfaction
th joy—ever,'

y the fre4l.ol-
-
e, H. Marsh,

ved to form
idates, to ac'
e hustings at
appointed for
minus to jinn
, are rerun'
ittee of eitber
