From " The Courier," July 8.)

"The scandalous language which continues to be employed
by a certain portion of the press, with respect to the Italians
who sire to he witnesses against her MAJ LSTY fills the mind
of every tespectable person with disgust. In 77ce Times of
yesterday, for example, they are called • miserable filthy crea-
tures,' • wretches," a -cargoes{ human impurity, such as was
never before landed, nut only in this country, but not eten
at Botany Boy.' There have been periods of our history,
when such infamous calumnies, cast upon witnesses, ere they
had spoken a word, and those witnesses summoned to give
their evidence before the highest judicial tribunal in the
Kingdom, would have consigned the writer to Newgate
and the pillory. Why do the laws sleep? Why does his
MAJESTY'S ATTORN iv G. NER A L stiffer the interests of
public justice to be -compromised in this way ? Why does
the House of Lords endure to be insulted by the flagitious
accusation, that it is about to receive the depositions of per-
. sons, more profligate, more dept aced, more infamous, than
any felons that have ever been tsatispurted to Botany Bay I
Do their Lordships, do the Ministers, know that the wit-
nesses merit this character ? Do those Noble Lords, who
composed the Secret Committee upon whose ltepurt the Bill
of Pains and Penalties against the QUEEN has been intro-
duced, believe that they merit this character ? Their Report
belies the supposition. Why then are they passive ? They
are themselves libelled, grossly libelled ; the country is li-
belled; public justice is libelled, by such malicious, such
detestable, such infamous imputations. The same Jour-
nal adds, that the witnesses were • detected and ill-treated
because- they had a villaiaous appearance, :tad their errand
was inferred from their /00h5..." Is England then so de-
graded, so brutalised, that a man shall not he believed upon
his oath, if his face happen to be ill-favouced. We shall he
told, perhaps, this is vulgar trash, not wisi thy of serious
notice. But this sort of trash is meant for vulgar readers ;
it is transformed into placards, and stuck up in the public
thoroughfares of the metropolis—it is copied into all the se-
ditious publications of the Kingdom—and. the lower classes
of the cominnoity, to minister to whose passions this pandering
is performed, are infected with principles which would dis-
grace a horde of barbarians. We repeat it. The law officers
of the Crown are abandoning their first and greatest duty, it
they sutler the stream of 1 uhlicjustice tube thus polluted. We
defy any one to mention, in aft)' period of our history, attempts
so systematic and so disgraceful as are now making, to ob-
struct the administration of the laws, in a great and solemn
inquiry, by traducing witnesses of whom, in reality, nothing
is known, anti by exciting such a spirit of mob-vengeance
against them, as must place teem in fear, and thus have the
effect of the most ferocious intitaidatioti. Impartial and equal
justice cannot be administered under snot a sqatens, and we
leave it, therefore, to their consideration whose business it
is, to take care that justice shall be administered equally and
impartially, to, determine whether they will prosecute the
contrivers and employers of such a system.
" In the same article from which we have extracted the
above specimens of radical sit ulence, we hied the following
sentence: When eve sea the class of men who in this coun-
try hare COl:Signed themselves to everlasting infOmy, by or-
ganizing, directing, and managing the detestable Milan Com-
mission, we think we are timie than justified,' &c. We leave
it to the distinguished individual, eshu was at. the head of
the Commission, we leave it to those respectable and irre-
pioachable persons who assisted that ilidividual, to settle it
with themselves whether they will patiently he told that
they • are consigned to everlasting itifamy.' If the laws
really cannot afford those individuals the reparation they
have a right to demand—if such be the condition of the
country, and of our courts of justice—then we say, the
sooner we have a change, aye, a Revolution, if it must be so
—the better. The bitterest condition of slavery is to live
under laws, whose theory alone is freedom, but whose prac-
tice is oppression."

Six prisoners confined. in Litchfield Gaol, early
on Monday morning last, effected their escape,
but were brought back to their old quarters,
with the aid of the military stationed in that city,
in about two hours time.

Several young whales, one of which appeared
to be about thirty feet long, have recently been
seen in the River enai, in Wales, between the
Swilly Rocks and the Garth Ferry-house.

LO LO J 0 ti RNALS,

[TM ILY E_YTRACTS

--r-qpo..--

FROM THE MORNING PAPERS OF TIIIS D:1 Y.

[:llarning Post.]
The House of Commons, lkst nighkadjourna
to Monday next, what' the geii4rakt-^Oarnmelst'
of bah houses to the middle of August is ex-
pected to take place. Most of the Judges will
by that time have returned from their circuits,
and the advantage of their presence being obtain-
ed, the trial of the QUEEN will commence, and be
conducted in a manner best calculated to produce
impartial and substantial justice. In the mean
time, it is distressing to witness the expedients
resorted to for the purpose of inflaming the rab-
ble, and prejudging the case in the minds of the
ignorant and the thoughtless. Not only are in-
citements continued to be held forth to murder the
witnesses summoned to prove the alleged crimes,
but the most unfounded charges are brought forth
in aid of the iniquitous purpose. An additional in-
stance of this practice was afforded by the, pro-
ceedings in the House of Commons on Monday
evening, when, after having taken the House by
surprise on the subject on Saturday, in the absence
of the only Minister who could speak to the
question, the insinuation was repeated that
the King or his Ministers had withheld a ser-
vice of plate from the Queen which lawfully
belonged to her. Lord Castlereagh's manly and
excellent speech, however, proved beyond the
possibility of doubt, not only that the plate in
question did not belong to her Majesty, but that
it was expressly delivered for her use, as a loan
while resident in Kensington Palace, and that
there neither was, nor is, any authority in the
Crown itself te deliver it otherwise. The House
did not fail immediately to perceive the purpose
for which this question had been agitated ' • and
well might a respectable Member remark that
" some steps had been taken by the Queen as if
for the express purpose of creating agitation ;"
a remark which the House received with repeat-
ed cheers.—We cannot help adverting to the
short speech made by Mr, Martin on the same
occasion—supplying as it did not only some ar-
gument, but a material piece of information, de-
livered in plain and emphatic language ;—upon
which fact—the payment of ten thousand pounds
to the Queen for her law advisers—the Public
will probably agree with us, that the sum is ob-
viously too large. The Learned Gentlemen, we
fear, will never be able- to satisfy themselves
that they have done enough, if only one half of
this sum should become their fees. A less reward
would have left their minds more at ease—to say
nothing of the case of others ; but it proves that
the King and his Ministers are resolved to afford
her Majesty not only the most liberal, but un-
bounded means of defending herself against the
charges upon which she is about to be tried ;
while the forms of. investigation will be such,
that the utmost latitude will be allowed her, in
order that substantial justice may be duly ren-
dered.

[Morning Chronicle.]
In the discussion on the Alien Bill in the
house of Lords last night, Lord Holland stated
an objection to it, which we believe has never
been urged before, though certainly a most ma-
terial one, namely, that it had a necessary ten-
dency to deprive her Majesty the Queen of wit-
nesses in the following way : if, for instance,
certain persons were compelled to fly from the
Austrian dominions in Italy, to avoid punishment
for that which the Austrian Government might
consider criminal, but which others might consi-
der highly meritorious, and now residing in
France or the Netherlands, should happen to
be possessed of the knowledge of circumstances
of great importance to the defence of the
Queen, they might very naturally refuse to come
forward from an apprehension that this would ex-
pose them to the risk of being given up to the
Government from which they had fled—a Go-
vernment mean and unprincipled enough for
any act, however flagitious. Against this suppo-
sition, which is every thing but improbable, Lord
Liverpool had nothing to urge but the injustice of
it.towards himself and his Colleagues, and to-
wards the Austrian Government, which he very
prudently (at the present moment) complimented
for many virtues, hitherto, we believe, seldom
attributed to it in this country, and never, we be-
lieve, by any who have set foot within its do-
minions in Italy.

Some considerable interest having been excited
by the precipitate manner in which the French
Minister quitted the United States, and his arrival
in Europe having been construed into an expect-
ed rupture between the two countries, we are en-
able to state, that M. Hyde de Neuville returns
on leave of absence, which he had solicited some
time ago. Mr. De Menou, who left Europe as Se-
cretary Of Legation about four months since, is to
take his place for the present. There is, how-
ever an important point Of difference existing be-
tween the French and American Governments,
relating to a wish on the part of the former to
raise the duties payable on produce imported into
France in United States bottoms, and this ques-
tion is now under discussion between them, but
it is thought that it will be amicably settled.—
(Ibid.)

[New Times.]
The ground of defence taken by most of hei
Majesty's friends, real or pretended, appears to
us injudicious, in another point of view. They
talk loudly of her exalted sentiments, of her dig-
nified, refined, and even delicate conduct : but
this is really unfair to her Majesty herself. It
creates expectations, the disappointment of
which may give perhaps too great a weight to
some circumstances wholly irreconcilable with
the previous assumption. In the very outset of
the case, it leads to most glaring inconsistencies.
We are gravely desired to believe that there is
no indecorum in a Queen's taking a running foot-
wan to be her chamberlain—and upon this is

built a still more curious argument. This foot-
man-chamberlain, it is said, " is bound to b
with his Royal Mistress at all times and in tilt
places ;" and therefore his being with her at
times and in places which, in yky other man/
would create a legal presumptilasof gut -e:
pit no str,,b presupption in rega\rd to hi 15
not this 17tki.y abgurd ?is it not mak c.
•tat to injure hee Niajes‘y's% ciakelNNll4.
not be a great deal fairer ankmore manly, ant
therefore more judicious, to admit that it is inde-
corous in a Princess to shower favours and 110-
nours on a male attendant engaged to perform
only menial offices—that it is indiscreet to take
a pauper's child from a workhouse,_ carry bial
every where about with her, and make -hiln
Chevalier of this and that Order of Knighthoodi.
that it is unbecoming to drive about the streets f'`,
the metropolis attended by a rabble of boys
We do not wish to judge these things harshly-
We do not say that they are to be called crimes
or offences; but it would he wise to ,acknowledge
at once, that they are improprieties) which may
perhaps be.excused, or at least extenuated, by the
circumstance of her Majesty's foreign origin,,eclu;
cation, and habits. Sure we are, that this mode °`
considering the subject would in no degree pre-
judice her Majesty's cause 'in its graver 0(1.
weightier aspects ; but on the contrary 'nigh"
afford a solution to some appearances, which it
would be impossible otherwise to reconcile with
notions of innocence.

BOXING
BETWEEN PAINTER AND OLIVER,

FOIL THE NORWICH SUBSCRIPTION PURSE OF 10005 a

This fight took place at North Walsham, 15
miles from the City of Norwich, and above 13'
from the Metropolis, on Monday last, for a purse
of 100 guineas, given by the Amateurs of the.
above City. It is impossible to describe the
terest which the above battle excited in o's
county, and for three weeks previous to the tits
every vehicle was engaged. It was equal, if Ot
superior, to Moulsey Hurst upon one of its gates
days ; and so much was Painter the object of at-
traction, that the Amateurs of the above Citi,
built for him a stage of 100 yards in length, faL
the accommodation of spectators. At a few 01i"
nutes before one, Oliver threw up his hat in the
5
ring, followed by Crib and Torn Belcher as his
seconds ; and shortly afterwards Painter appear'
ed, attended by Spring and Paul from Mau'
chester. The odds were 5+ to 4on Painter•-",.
On the latter seeing Oliver, he shook hands with
him.

ROUND I. Both of the combatants were in hi;4ll conditio7
but particularly. Painter, who weighed 13 stone 71b. for b:d
men, it was one of the most cautious rounds ever Wit "SS' ;
and finer science was never displayed on both sides to 30.
contest. Oliver got away in a close from the fibbing systel4
and after two or three hard hits, and ten minutes b'

elapsed, Oliver threw Painter.—(Slight applause.)
2. Painter on coining up to the scratch, shewed the 5 d
blood tram his nose; and this round was also distinguisi!re
for its great caution on both sides. Several hard hits w'o,
exchanged, and Painter received one on his left eye that ner34114
closed it. At the ewires-Painter fibbed Oliver (Jowl. ;
shouting now for painter was like a fire of artillery;•
to I without hesitation. These .two rounds occupied 24 —1
mates.
3. Oliver now spewed claret, hut he hit Painter's left eilf
quite up ; also cut his cheek, and*thiew Painter.
4.. A severe round, and both much distressed; -when b°
went down, but Oliver undermost. eVy •
5. Painter received a tremendous hit on his right che
like a cut with a knife, that produced the claret ; but 00104-
was ultimately hit down. The applause now was outrage°3l:
and the Norfolk damplins almost jumping out of the put
joy.
G. Great caution; but in a struggle both down. • ter ill
7. Both stopped cleverly ; however, Oliver hit Palo ~r
front of his head. Painter also made a good hit ; but
had decidedly the best of it till both down: .
d
8, 9. In the latter round Oliver hit Painter down ; -ncest;
Oliver was now thought to have so much the best of it, li /

5 to 1 was offered upon him. cOirr
10. A minute elapsed before a hit passed between the as.
batants; Oliver experienced a heavy fall, and Painter el
upon him.
it. This was a sharp round, but Oliver went down• dd.
12 and last. This was a terrific round, and Oliver 11,0
sonic terrible hits; but at the Yu; es he received a tremen
hit on his right ear that 'loured him, anti when time was 4 rpl
ed, he could not leave his second's knee. It would ee
vain to describe the burst of applause from the Norwich,',4ol
pie ; but the Londoners were electrified, and could 13.1
believe it. Oliver soon recovered, and wanted to rel'ev' oat
combat, but that was nut permitted. The latter was,
punished much, and put on his own clothes, and sat d 0",,.,
the ring to view the other fight, but he soon left the
REstaliEs —lt was by no means safe to Painter; but b
side9l.
played great caution, and it was a good fight on both
occupying 51 minutes. The stakes of the ring, in i'ait4los
of the I'. C. were painted green. Ups arils of .20,000 Pe'dielS
were present, and drawing-room order prevailed. The Yvie
were delighted beyond illeitCllTC. Numerous swells fro°
art
do
A
n raced the rig with teir . j;iii
second battle for a purse of 50resance guineas, between x, .n
and the Birmingham youth (Sampson) was won by Maratind it
40 minutes. Sampson was beat by superior strength,
was by no means a gooel fight. .5 bear
Painter will net, it is said, 10001. b y his victory; l'
is
on Saturday last, produced a good sum.

tbe
HIGH TREAsoN.—John Baird, another 01 nj
Bonnymuir party, has been tried and re-
guilty. The Glasgow Courier says—" It
ported that the remainder of the Bonnymoll.'„kt
soners (18 in number) are to plead GujitYL-01-
of course a mitigation of punishment) as to the
will follow."

0
DSc

In the Court of Justiciary at Edinburgh, on Fria3Y,:,n°
Jahn Sharp was convicted of firing a loaded pistol at thetl;jad
ty patrol, in Main-street, Bridgeton, GlaSgeW, on the 19„ i tlt.
ituary last, and sentenced to be executed at tilasguW -r
16th of August. doo'
During the thunder storm on Sunday last, two YenT;,isot2,6
from Old-street-road, who had gone out for a (133.'5 P',l lii -
to Hampstead, took shelter near a cottage inhahlte hic4
milkman, who most hinclly invited them into his house,;Cce%
itilu'etY‘*vidt(hciininaedfe'wsan3ii't)iguttelsitya
the existence of one of them. „ 06
he r°
A very respectably dressed female was found in t . 0014;
near the Church, Clapham-common, on Saturday, 11,e4Coff.,
flash of
s;iefrylisis6-ell where theYead cii
accidentally goinz in to wash his cart,hrtentit':ll):lottaleif ',,,
Inn to be owned ; supposed to have drowned lie, fr'
the night about 1.2 nights hack. The pond is contin.t:'l(oos,
quested for the above purpose. She wore white ki"
and in other respects elegantly dressed. ! 001(,
A Dublin Paper states that Edwards l'
in that city.
~ to Pre'
CORN-ExcHANGFi JULY 19.—0 W 'n IV
late heavy rains, and a continuation of sh°l4l,sosl''.
plies of Wheat, the demand was tolerably, „trice
80' •ll
this morning for fine samples, and an aaat
f rorii obtainedtheperquarter Delog
of 2s. per quarter on Monday's prices was dearer,
; a
bOoavtes
causes
es, full
Grindingl s .
BarleY' F3ol°
•d .
Bast ou
scarce, is also ls. per quarter higher ; a as
and Peas sold on full as good terms
Monday.

us foot-
Al to be
d all
, her at

er man'

i 'creme
hi
.v
fTVI(
My) itn-
is hide•

and 11°
perform
10 take

rry him

e ban 3'
thooct---
;treetS 01
f boys
harshly-
d crimes
owledge
Lich roajr
1, by the
011,,ed0.;
mode °I
;ree Pre"
ter and
which it
ile with

1

or looGs'

natn, 18
Dve 13v
r a purge
of thl

the
in this
the dm!
LI, if 0°:
ts
ct of
we City
tgth, f°`,
few
t in tho
at
r asl'l4

appear-
n
;Ids Wit

rcon Fdoitiorlf
"
wit ness'tic;
les io
ig
systemlutes had.

:d the
linguistic
hits we e
!hat 11%1
ISVII • sci
24 ""

~, heft C

OWII both

;ht cheet
Jut _
ut rageor.!
t
pu

Paiute' ific
but 010

,•nclee4
n ; • to
of it, t
_.

) the cot;
Linter 914

vn• da
river 11:103,0
was cal
,uld be
rwich
!Id bail:
renew' :10g
:ica:v hi
t o

erin, t. 5•
tttt
,othsh•
iwitatioto
p e
114 e:
fi Uttl

en M 3
Nlar"nno i 1
Lb)

his bef'e'

of
found
is rei, t
luir
fly, 01,
o

i 0
(MY
."--1)
t be
e 19(00°
uw °" _

one ef:
5 riel ty
,14
iSe,*,ere;
to

non 6
the rwitA
11 30'1'
or if
iersefre-
.ol
gl°'

is 001

to "
)14 511.1.1;-
bro.
rtleatitlf
clOrer:
1)007
I as 011
