TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

SlR,—The French Language being usually learnt
with a 'view to C'onver'sation, a Grammar which
would afford the. Student an opportunity of acquir-
ing a collection of• phrases necessary for conversa-
tion, while he gradually attains a thorough know-
ledge of the elementary principles of the langUage,'
could not fail to prove eminently serviceable. Such
is the consideration by which I have been influenced
in presenting the public with this new production.
My grand object has been to render the speaking of
French as easy and familiar to English persons, as if
they studied in Paris. To accomplish this great de-
sideratuin,4 have romposed the,essays on the pies
of passages and sentences used in ordinary discourse.
By
,construing them'into French, the pupil will not
only store his mind with useful expressions, but he
will likewise insensibly. imbibe just potions: of the
Grammatical technicalities of the language. This is
of the utmost importance,: for speaking French ;I for,
*unless the learner is propir!y trained up in the piae-
tical part, he will never be able to hold the least dis-
course with a native of France, although'he may be
a proficient in the theory of the language. The na-
ture of the• French Verbs is, also, exhibited in quite
a new and clear 'manner, and the remarks on 'pro-
nunciation are colleeted:from the present practice of
the fashionable cite es Pads: The-work is cdri-
eluded by a Grammatical Analysis, and a Treatise
on French Prosody and Versification; besides a
;classified 'vocabulary,
,a compendium'. of familiar
:phrases, and numerous models of notes, letters of
eeinpliment and business. In the execution-of the
wltele, in sliort,' the speaking of the language has a
prominent featnre ; and I flatter niyself this Gram-
mar will be.found peculiarly adapted to. the capacity
of the generality of learners, being divided into -sixty
easy lessons.: and essays, which will prove no less
instructive-than agreeable.
I have the honour to be,
Your most obedient humble servant,
London, Nov. 9, 1827.
.• V. DOUVILLE.

P.S: A Key to the Essays is just published.
_ _

, , •
[We have carefully examined this Key to Mr. Pouville's
excellent Grammar, and can safely affirm that it is. exe,
'Med with much ficlelity. and
.spirit. It forms a very
useful accompaniment to the Grammar, rendering it com-
petent for those who choose to be self-taught in the French.
language, to make themselves masters of it without the
assistance of a teacher. As, such, we have no hesitation
in recommending Mr. Donville's Grammar and Key as
being the best calculated for speaking French, Ivhich we
have hitherto seert.]--,Enrron. •

PARODY ON " RI FIMI, TI PIM."

" Discoveries have heightened,
This age so much enlightened,
That,day by day
• Some new display
Attentio4 still has brightened ;
Oh ! that they have,
Indeed, they have; '
•
RI Run, ti hurl, &c.
When through the streets one's walking,
The people all are talking
Of SA LE and Co.
Whose Boors, we know,
Require no wall.or dia7king ;
Oh! that they don't, •
Indeed they don't.
Ri futn, ti fum, &c..
SArtt's Boot-911op in the Strand, Sir,
'Such patronage commands,"Sir,
Each ever runs
• For Wellingtoes,
The primest in the land, ,Sir,
Oh !. that they de,
, , Indeed they do, .
The price is sßuriefitinlo &c.
' Unless the deuce is in ye,
SALE'S, shop they try,
Where, von may buy
The.best pair fo: a guinea !
Oh ! that you may,
Indeed you may,
- • Ri fi,m, ti tam, &c.

. .
NEWC A STJ, E, Nov. 6.-71 lie Marquis of
LoNnoicrmanr, at the adjourned Sessions at Durham, on
Saturday, took .the oaths qualifyintr, him to act as a Magi-
that the Noble Mar-
quissr ternaetee.
intendsfroarlv
nt hfrteoo
nCii.
eotsthti ndi
set ye:l,:lPalatineprincipal
isiitac inpeal of
is, -
part of his time in the
county, and to devote some considerable degree of attention
to its concerns, which require the strictest and last practi-
cal observation.

IMPROVEMENTS IN LEEDS.—A new street
is now making, which will form aline of 'communication
between CT own Point, at the Bank, in this town, and that
part of Call-lane mar the southwest corner of the White
Cloth Hall. The Toad extends in, a line with the river,
and will be a great convenience to the different wharfs in
that part of the town, besides giving ready access to vessels
lying in the river, and opening a more ready intercourse
between the Bank and Leeds Bridge. A Ifranch is to lead
from this road into Kirkgate,
toatthaispotoi:nwesist.
long
going a very material
,improvement owing to the
buenedn felt. The east entrance,
er
public spirited conduct of the proprietors. of property in
at of
pHreisgel;
court.lane, a desideratum the necessity of which has
York-street, who are paving the whole line of street, and
otherwise rendering the road into the-town, in that .direc-
'don, much more eligible than it has been bitherta.L-4eidg,
listel/igencei%

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

TATTERSALL'S._Nov. 8

There was nothing in the betting that oiler] for any
ohervation ; the odds were thus :

DERBY. •
6 to 1 agst Mr. Thornhill's Merchant (4)... to 1 taken)
8 to 1 agst Hon. E. Petre's The Colonel
15 to 1 agst Duke of Grafton's Druid
17 to 1 agst Duke of Rutland's c. out of Hampden's dam
18 to 1 apt Duke of Rutland's Sorcery colt (19 taken)
20 to 1 agst Mr. Thornhill's Shoveler colt
22 to 1 agst Duke of Grafton's Omen (23 and 25 taken)
25 to 1 agst Mr. Sadler's Defiance (taken)

OAKS.
10 to 1 agst Duke of Grafton's Turquoise (taken)

Yesterday was the anniversary of the birth-day
of the Princess AucusTA, when her Royal Highness com-
pleted her 59th year. The relatives of her Royal High-
ness, who are at present in town, called at the residence of
the Princess in the King's Palace, St. James's, for the pur-
pose of congratulating her Royal Highness on the return of
her natal day. The Duke and Duchess of CLARENCE, the
Duchess of KENT, accompanied by the Princess VICTORIA
ailtlAhe Princess RODORE, the Duchess of GtoucrsTEn,
Ind the Princess SOPHIA, visited her Royal Highness ; and
great numbers of the Nobility and Gentry called to make
their dutiful inquiries after the health of the Princess.

The Duke and Duchess of CLARENCE came
to town yesterday morning from their seat in Rusty Park.
His Royal Highness held a levee as Lord High Admiral at
the Admiralty, which was numerously attended by naval
officers: the Duchess of CLARENCE received visits at her
residence in the Admiralty from the Duchess of KENT, ac-
companied by the Princess VrcTonlA and Faonoar, and
the Princess SOPHIA.

Count d'A IC LIE, the Sardinian Ministe4, trans-
acted business with the Earl of Dont.ry yesterday, at tle
Foreign-office, Downing-street.

The Marquis of•LANSDOWNF. and the Right
Hon. CHARLES GRANT had interviews with Viscount
GODERICH yesterday, at his residence in Downing-street.
• Mr. TIERNEY visited the Earl of DUDLEY
yesterday at the Foreign office ; the Right Hon. Gentle-
man also visited the Marquis of LANSDOWNE at the Home
office.

• Despatches were -sent off yesterday from the
Colonial Office to the Earl of DALHOUSIE, Governor-Ge-
neral' of Upper and Lower Canada, and also to the dif-
ferent Governois of the West India Islands.

Prince PAUL LIEVEN (eldest son of Prince
EvEx, the -Russian Ambassador) arrived at the residence
of his Excellency, Ashburnham-house, Dover-street, about
two o'clock yesterday morning-, with despatches from the
Russian Government for his Excellency.

His MAJESTY has been pleased to grant his
Royal Letters Patent, to an indivfdnal of this town, for his
great improvements in mangles, which is likely entirely to
supersede the unwieldy machine in common use ; the new
one not occupying more than one quarter of the space, or
requiring more than half the usual labium—Leeds Intel-
ligencer.
THE LORD CHIEF JUSTICE BEST.—We
have much pleasure in stating, on authority, that his
Lordship is in a convalescent state. The attack of the
gout has been most severe, and the remaining effect is
great weakness; Isis Lordship, however, felt so much reco-
vered yesterday, that he intended, if possible, to leave his
country seat at Chislehurst this day for his town residence,
and to resume his official duties in a day or two.

'At the late fancy ball in Liverpool, a gentleman
who had assumed the swarthy hue of a " Nigger," was
requested to favour the company with MATxxvirs' song,
" Possum up a. gum tree." " Non possum," replied
the wit.

0033SCRiPTION CONCERTS.—We have al-
ready had the pleasure to acquaint our musical friends, that
Miss STEPHENS is engaged to sing at our next Concert 00
the.lsth inst. This.will he the last time, in all proba-
bility, that the
.admircrs of this delightful vocalist will have
the,gratification of listening to her in public in this part of
the,e6utitry, as it is' generally tuttlerstood-that_she is abeitt
to retire from the profession. Miss JOHNSON, Miss STE.-
rnixs' niece, is also engaged, and Mr. NtenoLsox, the
flute player.—Leeds Paper.
ACCOUCHEMENT EXTRAORDINARY AND
UNRIVALLED ATTRACTION.--The well-known great
Lioness, consort of 'the noble Nero, at Exeter 'Change,
Whelped, a few days ago, three remarkably fine cubs. No-
thing can exceed the fondness displayed by this Queen of
the Brute Creation, nor the delight of ladies and children
when allowed to%take one in their arms: Independent of
this very interesting attraction, two very fine Elephants
fill up the place of poor old Chunulah • and many rare
animals and birds have just been added ; amongst
which are two Bengal Royal Tygers, and a black one
(very rare.) This immense collection has to boast of more
than double the number it' ever contained since its first
establishment.

•
FASHIONABLE ARRIVALS.—The Prince
E4terhazy, at Chandos House, from a tour ; Lord Vis-
count Tamworth, Viscountess Tamworth, and family, in
Baker-street, from their seat in Leicestershire; Mr. R.
Kynaston, in Piccadilly, from Newmarket ; Lord Alvanley,
in Park-place, from Newmarket ; Major Mdore, in Baker-
street, from Cheltenham ; Mr. and Mrs. Horsley, in Park-
street, from Harrowgate ; Mr. Webb, in Piccadilly, from
Burton Park; Mr. and Mrs. O'Brien, in Park-street, from
'Cheltenham ; Colonel Camae, in Clarges-street ; Colonel
Maclean, in Brook-street, from Paris; Captain Groves, at
Uxbridge House, from Dublin; the Duke of Bedford, at
his house in St. James's-square, from his seat, Woburn
Abbey ; Colonel and Mrs. G. Langton, at their house in
Grosvenor-square, from Cumberland-house, Southampton;
Sir Charles Hulse, ' Bart. at his seat, Breamore, Hants,
from a tour; the Hon. Agar and Lady C!urgina Ellis, in
Spring-gardens, from Roehampton ; Richard Oswald, jun.
Esq. at the London Hotel, Albemarle-street, from Snrrey ;
Mr. and Mrs. Stanley, ,at Fenton's Hotel, St. James's-
street, from Paris ; Mr. and Mrs. Wallace, at ditto, from
York ; Captain and Mrs. Trower, at the British Hotel,
from Cheltenham ; J. Ord, Esq. at the Berners Hotel,
Berners-street, from Reading; John Kettle, Esq.' at ditto,
from Tunbridge' Wells. s

TT. ,Ti DEPARTURES.--,-11.13 Highness Piince Leo-
pold, for Claremont; Mr. Samuel Scott, M.P. for Brom-
ley, in Kent ; Sir Digby Mackworth, for ,Cavendish Hall ;
Mr. Charles Calvert, for Ockley Court, Dorking ; Colonel
Davies, for Elnisley Castle, Warwickshire; Major Camp-
bell, for Bath ; Mr. and Mrs. H. Howard, for Bath ; Cap-
tain Herbert, for Bath ; Mr. and Mrs. Grey, for Queen-
square, Bath; Mr; Evelyn, for Kinson Court, in Hert-
fordshire ; Lord and Lady Anson, from their, seat, Shug-
borough, Staffordshire, for Kirkby, Leicestershire; Sir
Roger and Lady Gresley, from their seat, Drakelow, Der-
byshire, on a visit to the Earl of Coventry, at his seat;
Crowe, Worcestershire; Major Webster, from Grosvenor..
street, for Brighton ; Lady Ellenborough, for Baleomb
House, East Grinstead ; the Hon. Rev. Mr. Boscawen,
from Dorking, for Brighton ; Charles Taylor, Esq. M.P.
from Ellis's Hotel, St. James's-street, for his seat in Haute;
Parker Hammond, Esq. from the London Hotel, on a tour;
Captain Thornton, from ditto, for Bath ; Thomas Jesson,
Esq. lady, and family, from the Berners Hotel, for their
seat, Hill Park, Kent.

_ .
BREAKWATER FOR PORTLAND ROADS.-
The necessity, advantages, and practicability, of this nor.
tional design, as projected by Mr. J. HARVEY, have been
already pointed nut. His estimate for this grand national
work is 600,0001. which cannot operate as a bar to its
completion, more especially if divided between his Ma.
jesty's Government, the Hon. the East India Company,
and the 'Underwriters. There are, in the space of one
mile of quarries at Portland, no fewer than twenty mi;lions
of tons of waste stone already prepared, being five times
the quantity of material required to complete this use-
ful and important undertaking, and which may be taken
away gratis.

CALEDONIAN 'CANAL, &c.—The effects of
Lord Cor.cllyrita's-4te visit and kindly disposition to-
wards this country, as head of the Parliamentary Commis-
sion for its improvement, is already in the course of deve-
lopment; for although Parliament, tinder the pressure of
our public burdens, and the discouraging prospect of remu-
neration, hail become naturally tired of the continual grants
required for our Canal beyond the original estimates, we
understand Mr. TELFOan is instructed to come down next
season, for the purpose of estimating the farther expellee
which may he required for 'excavation to its original in-
-tended- depth. We have reason also to know, that his
Lordship.reeeived favourably a representation in regard to
dirninishing the heavy dues levied on the Canal. —.lnver-
ness journal.

hin::—

SPIRIT OF PUBLIC JOURNALS.

A regular programme came forth in the
of yesterday, of the proposed National (as it
or is to he called) Banking Establishment,- a
which we furnished the first sketch in our paper
of the morning. When we call the programme
a regular one, however, we must notice that it
wants one essential requisite of that definition ;*
for it has •no name affixed to anony-
mous, and may, therefore, he written by John
o'Nokes, or Tom o'Stylos, and is probably only
sent out as a feeler of thepublic Weopinion. e
have, however, given the thing our best attention,
and have even published it wholly in this day's
journal. ...In the first place, we observe, that
though it is frequently asserted that the pub-
lic, by means of this establishment, -is "to
have a sound and healthy circulation, not liable
to be tampered with, and though the circulating
medium is thereby to be placed on a basis of so-.
lidity and steadiness," there is not the slightest
attempt made to explain haw these desirable -
objects are to be accomplished ; or 'bow the.
paper-money issued by the proposed bank is to
possess a peculiar character of ready convertibi,
lity, from which all other paper money is ex-
empt. The programme contains some . heavy
charges against the Bank of England ; as, that
in the panic of 1825 it advanced money, even
though its own existence was in jeopardy.. to
certain favoured capitalists, " which. not only
supplied their own wauts, but enabled them
to take advantage of the wants of others."—
We are far from undertaking the defence of tile
Bank of England on that and other occasions.,
or, indeed; on the_.generai management of its
concerns, or the competence of its Directors,
which is not unjustly attacked ; only there is an
old proverb, descriptive of a state of extreme
difficulty, when people are said to be " between
hawk and buzzard." We have got the hawk fly
should
to
the think p noth.
ca,
e.rSsuientlolisisaadodliiiilrtrieoo,npaailnnisdoencv,u,of the plan now pro-. .
ing all around us : let us not have the buzzard
he surprised, thouth
ipt
toooos 'efrd
very captivating one, to the country bankers, but
We should not, however,
this scheme should fail, if the general dislike anti
suspicion of the Bank of England, and the in-
satiable appetite of the English for enter,
now awakened, were ultimately to engender
formidable rival to the old establishment. The
following clause from the published prograrenm
shows the rash and hardy manner of the writer.
The words marked in italics are so marked IA

" Who can contemplate the probable effect of all thin
without shuddering? Is there not an absolute necessity fcr
the immediate adoption of measures to cheek this dreadful
evil? Is not the country yet aware of the important truth,
that every attempt to convert property into a circulation
medium, on an extended scale, as was endeavoured to bi-,
done during the panic, must produce a violent convulsion ?--
must, in fact, drive the Rank of England notes to a car
with French assignats 9"
The Bank, of England, we have no doubt, has
by much too great an issue of paper-money at
present in circulation; yet gold .circulates
Should the,latter begin to disappear, the paper
will be called in to equalize the exchanges ; and
then, in what a state will the public be ?
We yesterday communicated the important •
measures which have been adopted in Paris. We
lay before our readers to-day the names :of the
Peers who
.have been newly Created.. The Press •
becotnes free till the Meeting of the Chainberca;
and •we may now expect that the- Papers wilt-,
make up for their constrained silence. The -•
French Government is making a hold experis
--Mafilie'-'Ciiii.siquences not be fatal to.
the peace of that country and Europe ? We
cannot conceive the possibility of reducing fin' '‘
enlightened and improving nation like the French,
to a state of passive suffering under despotism,
Morning Chronicle.
The Court of Chancery, it seems, is obliged
to shorten 'its sittings a full hour, owing to the
new building not admitting light enough to en-
able Counsel to read their briefs. The Task of
counting iees,'we suppose, does not reqUire so
much light being thrown upon it'. The defect, it
would appear, is in the misconstruction of the
lantern--,which turns out to he dark one—to
the lio little horror, no doubt, of all the No-
Popery Barristers and enemies of Guy Fawkes,
But, seriously speaking, 'this want of light in
public buildings is a great and growing evil, And-,
one of the many symptoms of . degeneracy and.
bad taste among our modern architects, who, o
would think, were in league with the Worship-
lid Company of Tallow Chandlers, to substitute
artificial for real light, wherever it is in theit
power. We are not so unreasonable as to ex
pect impossibilities from these gentry, or that a
London November can become as vivid as the
clear atmosphere of art Italian summer; but it
should be the study of an able artist to over-
come, as far as may be, natural defects, not to
enhance them, as would seem to be the practice
of such among our modern race of builders who
substitute pigeon-holes for windows, dark lanterns
for light ones, and who, in some instances, lest
the former should let in 'any light, over-hang
these peep-holes and crevices with someeshetiohmteirsk-et.
mous gallery or balustiade, equally tasteless, use-
less, and unornamental.'.' Yet wettihtihaeveyeresat
mittee of. Taste, forsooth; ot a Board of 'some '
btkhei kind
anyse toir: i
en
rogstsoh—ne
t,
hs
i in the
htmihcehe
mcbpoeurrOnsftersoysfessNov
() • irhich, e I
of so
trnieeomp cralarovkleisb:it
a,and willb e
judgment,r rub
quitet li e
horrifiedirasey eos
callwhent h
their's
in
tion. This is the common failing of all
those who move in a little narrow circle of
flatteryathnaedny imaginedself-conceit.. We have no doubt
but they
theirfavouritethemarscehltietesetsalll,erp,
perfeasi:
t
ladios in their way. But we can .tell them,
ot
that
their's and the he
.t the.
same ; that the latter feel disgusted at seeing so
little of real taste and common sense used-in :411e
outlay of vast sums of public money upon Iluild-
ings, some of which are obliged to be piffle('
down altered after they ere finished, and
others found wholly inapplicable; to the pur-
public judgment are 'no
poses for which, at an enormous cost, they have ,
been constructed. Though one particular topic
has given rise to these remarks, we throw them
out generally, as 'applicable to most of our rnO-.
dern buildings; and in doing so, we know that
we express a very general opinion, and the senti-
ments of artists quite as well able to judge of ths
matter, both theoretically and practically, as any
of those who, if they have any taste or kids-,
ment on the subject, apply them so badly a
Morning Herald,c

70:..1

';

present Progress of events
rtleinece. The germs of discon-
sown in every State in Eu-
nareofnottheafrpaiedacoef any Verb,sud.
of Eurepe, we
(csri‘ea,einitnAlitirlicititihaal‘ltol.meoetr'ogrlkiuohnpidlogwtiniffoebeeen
Eu-
rope, and in what shape, or whait time, they may.
i 4 not possible to de-
:enwith certainty, Austria, mhaterer, bet..
professions may be, seems tQ
oe playing a sill-
rriibge forth their fruit, it

gular if not a very hazardous game, be.
teen 'Turkey, France, and Russia—her po•
licy one day being in favour of Turkey
and next in that of France ; and always
in dread of the encroaching spirit of Russia.—
Austria, however, as Austria merely, can do
nothing of herself : she is weak, nerveless, im•
potent as to action, although cunning, cajoling,
and dissembling in her diplomacy. It can
scarcely be denied that French money, as well
as French intrigue, have been employed upon
certain dependents of Austria, in the case of
Don Miguel, and the sale of her flag in the pro-
tection of the Turkish fleet ; for, with every al•
lowance which human charity can make for such
conduct, we can find no other causes reasonably
to account for it. Justified it cannot be—and
we are rather of opinion that the different
European Powers would be as well pleased to
compromise their differences, as to take the
field in defence of the positions which they have
imprudently taken up. It now begins to ap-
pear pretty plainly, that Russia had deter-
mined to interfere with Turkey on behalf of
the suffering Greeks—and that when France
and England were made acquainted with the
fact, they determined to act in concert with Rus-
sia--neither France nor England being willing
that Russia should, under the colour of her hu-
manity, obtain possession of the Archipelago or
the Morea—and with it the command of Turkey
at the Dardanelles. Thus far, the affair is quiet
enough—but for the issue we have
.yet to wait
with patience,. though certainly not without con-
siderable apprehension. Turkey has not yet
agreed to the terms of the Allied Powers—and
if it be true that the Divan has obtained infor-
mation of the defeat of the Russian forces by the
Persians, their reluctance to consent may be very
materially strengthened and confirmed. There
can be no question, that the Allied interference
is going a considerable way beyond what inter-
national law generally sanctions ; but if a new
case arise, and such new case bears strict analogy
to that between Turkey and Greece, then the
intervention may be justified upon the ground
of an 'overwhelming necessity. Whether it has
been taken up on such a principle we cannot un-
dertake to say—that it could not be decently or
justly undertaken on any other, is a position
which few, we believe, are prepared to deny.
We are far from finding motives to palliate the
conduct of the Porte towards her Greek subjects
—but it is in human nature that the master
does not often like to part voluntarily with a
slave who may be profitable to him. Be-
sides, those who have power seldom like to
resign it ; and if they have possessed it for
any considerable length of time, they estimate it
as their property. We pretend not to, say
that such a mode of reasoning IS tenable, or
founded upon principles of truth and justice ;
hut this we do say, without fear of contradiction,
that if the same course now adopted towards
urkey, were applied to England,
.France, or
1:111$61, we should have heard something more
about it. Turkey, however, is, and has long
been in disrepute—perhaps deservedly ; but if
that arise from misgovernment and oppression of
the people, Austria, Russia, and France (under
a the head of France we of course include Spain),
have not much to plead why they should be ex-
empted from the fate which is now impending
over the Porte. We suppose, as a matter of
course, that Austria will be called upon to ex-
plain her singular conduct in allowing the Cres-
cent to float above the Cross—and, as far as it
goes, violating the pre-existing amity with Eng.
land, France, and Russia. We never heard of
any avowed or secret treaty by which Austria
wag bound. to lend the protection of her gag to
Turkey—if any such exist, we shall expect it to
be so stated, for the information of all Europe.
But, as we have just said, Austria does not
weigh a single feather in the scale, and can only
be said to lend herself to the designs of some
other European Power ;—we are unwilling to
say whether to those of Russia or of France ; but
every circumstance which hae yet transpired
seems to fix it on the one or the other. We cer-
tainly have a decided opinion, which we hope, for
the lake of the general peace, may not ultimately
he realized into fact. The elements of strife are let
loose upon the world—when they may come into
conflict, time only can develope. England has
done much—too much, perhaps—to settle mat-
ters without coming to blows ; and it would be
melancholy if in the long run she found herself
obliged'to resort to them—for self-defence.—
Morning Post.
Lord Stowell seems to reflect upon Lord
Alansfield for so completely overturning the doe-
-trines of preceding Judges. We are inclined to
think that that great man went upon principles
more general in their application than precedents
of twenty , years standing. Villeinage, which
was at one time nearly universal in England, had
been abolished in practice so far back as Henry
the VIII.'s time, and what remained of the op.
pressive tenures connected with it, was abolished
by the 12th of Charles IL Clanship in the
Highlands of Scotland, the last relict of villein-
age, though by no means identical with what
was so termed in England, was determined by the
Act of 1747, for abolishing hereditary jurisdic-
tions. It was, we presume, from a consideration
of these facts, and from a fair interpretation of
the 2d and 20th of Edward 111., which give to
every man the right " of suing for, and defend-
ing his rights," and which forbid any one
he taken or imprisoned ;" and upon that of the
Std of Henry VIII. chap. xvi., which declares,
all persons that come into the kingdom " to be
bounden by its laws," and, of consequence, to
be under their protection, that Lord Mansfield's
judgment proceeded. The observation of Lord
Powell, ,c that the law takes no notice of a
negro," makes not at all against Lord Mans-
field's views, since the Statutes above quoted
were passed previous to the existence of
such a thing as an English slave holder ; it
might, with quite as much truth, be said,. the
law took no notice of a Chinese, and an argu-
ment be sought thence against the inhabitants of
Asia, as Lord Powell sought one against the in-
habitants of Africa. The recognition of negro
slavery by the English Courts does not appear to
us to bear on it any more than the silence of the
statute book on the question of negro freedom.
The recognition is limited to slavery under cer-
tain conditions, and in certain places, and where
the circumstances which qualify the recognition
are wanting, it falls to the ground. The whole
spirit and working of the English law, both
ancient and modern, are favourable to liberty.
Angliae jura in oinni casu libertati dant
fiavorem. The people of England were at all
times to be treated, to use Bacon's words, " as
God's people and
the King's subjects." Even
when villeme was prevalent, every facility was
given by the law, and by the courts, to the eman-
cipation of the villein.
rNot only he be-
come free from the n
retain him when he had
fru!
once
of his Lord to
but he might become e.es.eaped his bounds
*mills Lord's inability
to bring him back. Let us for a moment exa-
