SIUNISH PAPERS.

CIIICULAIIt ORDER from his Excellency the Marquis
Dr: LA ilomnizA, General. Chief of the \ritly,
send of nil i orces of the Kingdoms of Castile,
'Leon, G.rllieia, and--Asturias, a Grandee of Spain,
&T.

:+

" At the same time that Preqhfie of the armies
entrusted to my command the tifost exaa hubo rdi a t ion
and discipline, which are indispensably necessary for
the success c,f his Majesty's service, and that of the
country, I also require that the Juntas of Govern-
ment, the Justices, and all the-Authorities, and those
placed under him, witheut any exception, do give
the most edicacious assistance, by every means and
authority in their power, yri.tla; support and pre-
servation of the soldiers. rhe present war is not
the war of the army, bet of the whole nation,. find
obliges us not only to take up arms, but also to part
generously with our property, 'Ewe act, as is our duty;
like good Spaniards, like good Catholic Christians,
and like fre and independent men, for our beloved
King and Lord,•Unit 'Ferdinand VII, for the holy
religion which we profesi, and Ibr our delivery
from the vile slavery wherewith we are threatened
by the most boirible monster 'that hell
,ever pro-
duced. In the armies the disaffeCted, will be pu-
nished in the manner which has already been prac-.
tised, and his Majesty's other subjects must feel the
rigour they deserve, who refuSe to march, desert, or
proceed indolently :and carelessly, altheegh, I am:
sorry to say, they ought todisplay the first example
of patriotism.
" lia the *ovinces- and places which the enemy
unfortunately occupy, the inhabitants supply.theM
pun6tually with rations of bread, meat, wine,. salt„
and straw, with carriages and mules for their trans'
port, with necessaries to: their comfort, and service
of their hospitals; with money, that enables them
to pursue their vices ; they lodge and sell them vic-
tuals without the least prospect of remuneration;
they permit them to rob their houses, and their cattle
profane their temples, and sacrilegiously despoil
them of the sacred vessels, and the ornatneats des-
finest to the service of the altar; assassinating its
Ministers in cold blood, violating the women, mur-
dering the innocent children, and connuittiog such
dreadful crimes as their irreligion and detestable and
. perfidious morality alone are capable of perPetrating.
.To the army, who !about-for the salvation of'the
Country, to preserve, as it ought, the holy religion
which we profess to defend, the legitimate rights of
. our attgest,King'and Lord Don Ferdinand VH, to
the Throne of Spain, to repel from our brethren the
evils which they suffer, and who tight for our per-
sonal liberty and independence, no assistance is given,
even when surrOunded by and their eaked-
nest and-misery is viewed With the utmost
inditter-
'ence, and are neither supplied with money to pro-
cure bread, and other article, of food, nor do the
inhabitants voluntarily convey them to those points
where the troops are assembled, nor even supply
them with the means of reposing from their fatigues,
20(1 what is inoredisgracelul and uncharitable, they
are received with the utmost dissatiSfaotion.
" All the Justices and Authorities must facilitate
the supply of rations of bread, viands, and other ne-
cessaries, for which they will be paid by the Intend-
ant of the Army, or the ceminissaries, iu the same
manner its they have supplied the enemy. If there
shall be any money in the Treasuiy tat me Army, or
io the possession of the Direaor-General of Provi-
sions, they shall Iv immediately,
,paid for; but if
that should not be the case, the parties shall receive
a Certificate Of the supplies they have made, which
`will be paid when there are funds, or the circuM-
stances of the State will pertnit, and which will al-
ways pass for good money in the payment of rent,
and ordinary or extraordinary conttibutions.
" The landed proprietors of all daises and States
are the most interested,, to the salvation of their
country, by the obligatiOrts which are imposed by
their fortutats,their gratitude, their own convenience,
and the preservation of the lus:re of. their fintillies.,
It is indispensable that we should convince the am-
bitious and tyranaic enemy who pretends to enslave
us, that to truitrate his perfidious design we are
willing to part with our property, and even our
lives, from a retletiion of the experience of our com-
patriots, end the countries lit has already subdued.
proclamations and assurauees that he will re-
aped the property of individuals,: are as sincere as
those he made to our august King of his affeetion
and amity all is deceit, an Is perfidy, and we ought
to opfbse all with our arms:- ,
Unity and valour willeortdma us to the glorious
end we have proposed ; let tts not tiame our armies
by provinces, the whole kingdom ia Stain ; let its
glory in the name of Spaniards alone let us abolish,
the word my, and 'universally substitute our ; our
cause is one, let our defence be One; let our strength
bounited, and we will immortalize the name of our
valorous nation. Rouse- your latent patriotism, itiilC-
mit in all true Spaniards; display that valour which'
you inherit from your:illustrious ancestors ; let it not
be permitted to a band of asitassinating robbers to int-
pow and levy contribution's of mouey, :food, and ot her
necessaries; let US Oppi)se Mal with all OW terse, tts
,convince hilt) that he has Het insulted the weakest
nation with lits.eccuStonted "atrocities; let our fixed
purpose remain what we hate sworn,-4‘ To- con-
qtaer or die."
We all ought to prefer an honourable death ,:to
that, slavery kvitfi which he threatens us. Let, not
fear enter niw the breasts ef geoerous Spaniards.—
Pettish those servile cowards who endeavour' to re- -
press the enthusiasm of the people. Let the Judges
iisflia the most severe punishment. on those who
will not take .army, and those, who 'are against a vi-
gorons resistance, undereir4e'.specions pretext of ;
the losses the public will4ustain, the vengeance- of
the enemy, and the likeisand only displays
their. cowardice;, their seltialsness, or their adherence
to the enemy. , • •
I promise myself .much frortrthe assuratsces'of
patriotism. made, by the Juntas of`Government, the
General Commandants, and some Cerregidors and
Justices of the. rrovinces of Old Castile, Leon, and
Asturias, 'whose Military Governtnent our Sove-
reign, Ferdinand the VIII h, has confided to me ; as
he has manifestel his lovelor our religion and court-
hope,the inhabitants Of every Cl* will take
and oppose themselVeS tb'tlie'designs of his
twerny, mid afford etficacipes assistance ,to our ar-

.0

Mies, and that the disgustful task may be avoided of
.
punishing such as may be found wanting in the duty
they owe to their King, to their 'Religion, to their
Country, and to themselves.
" God preserve, yaw Excellency many years,
" El Marquis De LA ItomnNa.."
" Head-qua Kers at Leon, Dec. "
