SIR CHARLES NVOLSELEY.

This Reforming Baronet has written the follow
ink; Letter to his Conxtittrents at Birmingham :

TO THE INHABITANTS OF BIRMINGHAM.

- RESPECTED COL'ICTRYMEN—That when duly
assembled, for considering on the best means of
obtaining a representation of the people of your
town in Patliament, and also the representation
of all the inhabitants of the empire'—you should
have selected me for the office of him, in whose
person you are determined to try the epiesliou of
your undoubted right of sending Members to the
Commons Houle of the Realm, to have a voice
in respect of the laws you are to observe, and the
-taxes you are to pay, as well as otherwise to serve
you in Parliament—hath conferred on sue an ob-
ligation, which although the honour of it is most
graritying-to my teelings, the responsibilities of it
iii! oar tvith apprehension lest they should exceed
my power of performance.
" Be assured, however, that no exertions of
mine shall be wanting in steadily contending for
those Electoral rights that you have so nobly, and
at the same titHC so temperately, asserted,—rights,
Gentlemen. which (contrary to the perfidious in-
sinuations of those who thrive by upholding cor-
rupt ion and tyranny) may be exercised, not
merely wit hoot tumult, or any species of incon-,
venience in a manufacturing town, but in a manner
as orderly as an attendance on divine service ; and
with no other effects than such as tend to the im-
provement of morals, and the elevation of cha-
racter in all ranks of society.
" And, Gentlemen, I must add,. that as soon
as the Bill which you have so wisely made an
object of your solicitude. shall be passed into a
law, then, most assuredly, for the hononr and
happiness of this once favonred land, those in-
estimable rights will be so exercised accordingly.
" Whet her, Gentlemen, I shall or shall not be
acknowledged and received in the Commons
-House as your Representative, depends on this
circumstance:, whether in the constituted autho-
rities of
,d he State there be or be not remaining
any tolerable portion of wisdom or justice, or re-
spect for public liberty, or the least desire for the
continuance of the Constitution.

" It is, however, in the highest degree gratify-
ing to me, to have learned that in other great
towns'there is a disposition to follow the example
of Birmingham, in electing for each one Repre-
sentative, in whose person they shall join in trying
the great questiou on which it is obvious hangs
our couqtry's fate, for freedom, fame, and pros-
perity ; or for slavery, depravity, or ruin.
" "fist those towns will also imitate yours in
the decorum of their proceedings, we truty con-
fidently anticipate, from the accurate knowledge
of the subj!-•ct of Constitutional Representation,
which happily is so universally diffused aniong
them ; a knowledge nit torally tending to .promotc
orticr and tranquillity ; for, by their past conduct,
we may be confident they vrdl know tho the
huecess of the common cause depends not on. any
athrr force titan the force of public reason and
virtue the resistless authority of which any cri-
'initial faction may be shortly expected to obey.
With a deep sense of the honour I have re-
cf•ived, arid an assurance of my tieing anxious to
perfotm every duty your confidence Rath imposed
upon me, I have the honour to subscribe myself,
respe-ted Countrymen, your faithful Servant,
" Wulseley, July 14. WOLSELEY."

A single cluster of the white grape hind of cur-
rants wvre gathered on Friday lasi, in the garden
ot Mr. John Alndey, ot Cotgrave, in Notting-
hamshire, w►rich weighed one pound !

POET It Y.

MODERN M ETAmoßpnosh§.

" ea!lthn rear. itninzunt na,,tant, re trans mare currunt.''

In distant land, no Matter what,
A Silly swain once loy'd a cat,
And hie•l him to a F,:iry,
To change his cat into a lass;
The metamorphose collo, to pass,'
And Ma'am was bri,h and airy.

The Courtship u'er, the Couple wed;
At night; when fairly tueli'd in hed,
If was by fate decreed,
o;.t pcep'd a pretty little mouse,
When Madam po'nc'd upon her tunic;
And was a Citt indeed!

Instead of Cat, take Country Cut,
Wrap biro in golden chain and fin',
But let him see a bone ;

He'll soon forget his courtly trichti
Will long with other dogs to mix,
To former manners prou.

Thus Clodpoles, who scarce know their letters,
Soon learn to prate and ape their betters,
And bawl wit vastly klever;
But ras'd ; how soon you see th' reverse,
So friend! you'll make a silken.purse
Out of a saw's ear never !

DILEMMA.
