WEDNESDAY, JUNE 21, 1815.

burgh, Berwick, Newcastle, Ainwick, ,Shields, and Sunder-
land, Durham, Darlington, Northallertou, Thirsk, and Eas-
mgwold.,-.GlaskoW, Dumfries, Carlisle, yenrith, Broogh, Rip-
pun,- Borough Bridge, KnareSborough liarrowgite, and all
parts of the North.

_ .
HINCKLEY, Atherstone, Lutter worth, and Northamp-
ton Goach every Morn. at Six, except Monday, And ever,. Even.
SIIIIEWSIMItY and North Wales Cheap Coach, through
Shiffnall. Iron Irtidge; Wolverhampton •and .'irminglituil
eve?). Morniiig. . :. • ,
' HOLYHEAD, Eangor, Cap'el Cerig, Llanwrst, Cernioge
Mawr, Corweu, Caernarvon, Conway, Oswestry, and all parts
of North Wales, every Morning. • .
_

BIRMINGHAM New Coach, called ,The CrOtvrtPrinee,
through -Stony. Stratford,. Lemingtoti as Warwick, every
Morning at Four, pm:Lai-rives the same Evening at• Ten.
PARKGATE, Chester, Stafford, and Litchfield Post-
Coaches every Evening.
WISBEACII, March, C,liatteris,and St. Ives New Coach',
Monday, -Wednesday, and Friday Evenings.
LITCHFIELD, Tamwerth, Hinekley zltherstoue, Lotter-'
worth and Northamptoti new and excellent Coach, Tuesday,
Thursday, and Saturday Mornings, at Six. - •
CHELTENHAM New Day Coach, through Frogmill,
Northleach, Burford, and Oxford (carries four inside only);
sets out every Morning-, except Sunday, at Six, and arrives
early the same Evening at the Plow Inn, Cheltenham. •
0:),(PORD New rust Coach, culled:l he Defiance, every
Morning at Eight.
NORWICH very last Coach, through Newmarket and
Thetford, every Evening at Seven.
YARNIOUTiI, Lowestoff, Beecles, Yoxford, and Wood-
bridge Telegraph, every Afternoon .at fUnr o'Clock.
IPSWICH and Colchester, evexy Afternoon at Four& Seven.
CANIBRIDGE • and Ely Nt9.9 Telewraph Coach, every
Night, and Carriages to all Parts of NoFfolk, Suffolk, Essex,
and Cambridgeshire. ..•
.FAKENHAM,.SWaffham, Brzendon, and Newmarket ele-
gant New Coach, the Lord Nelson, Tuesday, Thni-Sday, and
Saturday Night at Six o'Clock, Sunday at,Five..--
LYNN Post Coach, Tuesday, ThUrsday, and Saturday
Mornings at Five,o'Clock.
.1. •
'SO UT HAM PTO IS' and Lymington elegant new Coach;
every-Morning (except Sunday) 'at. Fire
,o'Clock. Packets
sail to the Isle of Wight on the arrival of the Coach. Parcels
.are conveyed to all parts of the Island.
IVINCIIESTER, Basingsthke, and Hartford Bridge very
fast. Coach, every Morningat Five o'Clock.
TUNBRIDGE and Tunbridge 'Wells new and easy Coaches,
every Morning.
TUNBRIDGE Wells new Post Coach (carries four inside
only) thotif,li Tunbridge, Sevenoakes, and Rirerhead,•evOry
AfternoOn'a Four o'Clock, Sunday excepted. • -
BUR.TON. upon Trent Yost Coach; through Measham,
Twycross, AthelstOne,.Hinekley, Lutterworth, Welford, Nor-
thauiptoit, and Dunstable, Sunday, Wednesday, and Friday
Mornings, at Six o'Cloek:
B IRISTOL, Bath, M-elkshana, Devizes, arid Marlborou,l ,
new and excyllent Post Coach (carries-four inside 1,111 y) every
Afternoon at Five, well lighted and .-nard:d throughout.
This Conveyance is ineontrovertay superior to any en.the
Western Road. ,

' EXETER, elymouth, and Falmouth Coach, catlecl the Bal-
loon evt.rV nin,, at Se-en.
ShVENOAK,S, Riverhead, 4; Bromley CoacheS, every Morn .
HASTINGS, 8...tte1, Robertshridge, Flimwell, and Tun-
bridge ex peditiousNew Coach, every ro ing at half-past Fire.
PORTSI4.OIITI-1 and Gosport T..l,ig-re.?b, every Morning
and F.Cning at Fk'e o7Cloch..
PORTSMOUTH, Horndean Peterad, Godalming, and
Guildford Nev: Coaches, es-,ery 1 l,i4Murnirq; Eveninga Five.
• poiersmouni New and elegant -Post Coach, the Doke
of Wellington,Tnesdciy, Thursda), and Saturday Mornings,
at Eight O'Clock., _ _ • __ _

--F,XETEik and Taunton Coaches, every Morning & Evening,
WELLS'; Bridg-v water, and Taunton Coaches,
-every Morn-
ing and Evenin".
PLYMOUTH and Falmouth very fast and cheap Coaches,
eyery Morning and.Erening.
BURY and Newmarket Post Coach, 'Tuesday, Thdrsday,
and Saturday Mornings, at halt-past Five. ".
BATE-I and Bristol Coaches to Bath in 14 Hours, every.
MorNingyot littlflia“ Four o'dock, and Evening at Fire.
_ _ . .

LEWES, Ucktield,l4.larestield, and East,Grinsiead Co;ches,
every Morning at Eight o'Clock.
BOGNOR, and the Rocks, a Bathing Place on the Sussex
Coast,.mtich admired for its fine Sands, a new Coati), every
Morning at Six.
CHICHESTER, Midhurst, and lla‘lemare, new Tclegrapit
CoacbcsreveryThesday,ThorsdaY, & Saturday Morris. at. Six.
CHICHESTER New-Coach, thtough Duncton and Pet-
worth, Monday, Wednesday; and Friday Mornings at Seven.
ARUNDEL New Coach, through Duneton, Petwortlit, and
Little Hampton,Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday Mornings,
at Seven.

MAIDSTONE, Mailing, and Wrotham Coaches, every
Morning at Five and Nine. o'clock.

FOLKSTONE, Hythe, Saudgatey and Ashford Coaches,
every Morning.
DOVER, -Margate, Ramsgate, Dealt' and Canterbury
Coaches, every, Morning at Six o'Clock, and Evening at Five,
Extra Carriages always ready to; families trr parties.
BROMPTON; Chatham, Rochester, and Stroud Coaches of
eVery fluscription, at Six and Nine in the Morningy One at
Noon, and half-past Five in the Evening.
• GRAVESEND, Northdeet, and Dartford Coaches at. Six and
Nine in the Morning, One at Noony and Five in the Evening.
Extfa Coaches always ready. .
BRIGHTON original Red Coach; through Croydon, Rei-
gate Crawley, andenekfield, ertn•yMornin.; at Eight.
BRIGHTON New Coach, called the D kc of Norfolk. evrey
Morning at. Nine, through Dorking, .Horsham, Hentield.
BRIGHTON New and Elegant Post Coach, the Eclipse
every Afternoon at Three.

1111.1GLITON Regency Coach, at halt-past Eight o'Clock
every Evening.
'WORTHING modern and truly eicsiraMe Post Coach, (car-
ries font• inside only) through Broadwa!er, Ashing-7
ton, \VestUrinsteaJ, Ilorshaut, and Mori-king, every Morning
at Rig-ht o'Cloch.

GODALMING, On'ldford, Iklerrow, East Horsley, and
13w:than) Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday, at Eight o'Clock.
EAST'BOURN Summer Coach, Tuesday, Thursday; and
Saturday, at Half past Six o'Clock.
GODALMING and Guildford Coaches, every Morning and
Afternoon.
DORKING, Leatherbcad, and Epsorn Coaches, every
lkiorning at Nine, • and Afternoon at Three.
STEVNING, Harsh:Lai, and Dorking •Coaches, every
Morning At Six.
HAMPTON and Mitcham Coaches Daily.
•
Following CO:kCHES set oil' from the BELLE gAtTVAGE
• CANIIIRIDGE Patent Mail. • .

lIIRMINGI ANI New Post Coach, the Crown Prince, every
Aloilingat a Quarter before Five, through Stuuy Stratford,
Southan,,Leinington, and Warwick.

OXFO4D xiew and elegant Post Coach, the Defiance, every
Morn"; at Eight.
sOUTHANIPTON (Cullyer's Coach), every Morning, ex-
cept Sunday, at Five.
ALTON Coach, Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday Morn-
inzs, at Nice.

NEWBURY Coach, every Morning, at Half past •Six.
SALISBURY Coach, at Half past Three every Afternoon.
HASTINGS New Post Coach, every Morning at Eight.
WINDSOR Coach, ever}' Morning, at Seven.
BRIGHTON Coach, the Duke of Norfolk, every Morning,
at Nine, through Dorking„Fiorshain, and Hentield.
BRIGHTON New Post Coach, the Eclipse, every After-
noon, at Half past Two.
BRIGHTON Post Coach, every Evening, at Eight.
LUTON Coach, every Day, at One. . . .
,HAMPTON Coaches, every Morning and EVeeing.
• poßTsmouni Coaches,e,'ery Morning and Even. at Five,
LYNN New Coach, Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday
Mornings, at Five.

The Proprietors respectfully request the Public to notice,
the Golden Cross is the only Office in London from whelice
Carriages set out to alt' the Bathing. and Watering Places,.
and places 04 fashionable arid public resort in the kingdom.
. The most strict attention will be paid -to inquiries at the
above Coach Offices, and ereryinformation punctually given
relative to' all public Caniages setting off from London.--
The-Proprietors are not aup.erable for any Pared or Package
above Five Pounds value, unless entered and an Insurance
paid accordingly. , • . .
JOHN CROSS, and JOHN MORRIS, Proprietors.

1 t
smnc SIXPENCE—TTALFPLNNSc

FORE IGN

73RUSSELS PA kRS.

BRUSSELS, JUNE I7.—Seven iiz Me Itforning.•
Thursday, at two orclock in the morning, dui
alarm cannon Were heard at CharierOi. The trench
had attacked at Thnin. The Prtissiari ontnosti
fell back the magazines' which Were at Charleroi
were evacuated with the greatest order. A warn]
and bloody action took place in the streets of that
town, which was taken and retaken several times.
Yesterday aftertioonfa heavy cannonade, which
seemed to come frOM the side of the Plains Of
Fleurus, announced a general battle. About eight
O'cloCk the Ling set:int:A giow fainter, of more

distant.
We hope we shall be able to give to-morrow the
details' of this battle, which are expected.
An express Sent yeSterday to Genapp'e, and who
is juit returned, reportS, that. after ari affair of
-outposts; which took place at VillerS Perwez, the
French began to retreat, and have fallen hack:
three leagues.
At Midnight the fires of our bivouacs announced
that all our positions Were the same. The troops
*ere arriving in force at Genappe. They will be
to-day On the line; as well as the numerous ar-
tillery which passed in the night through Brussels.
The English troops,those of the Netherlands,
and of Nassau, who were engaged, have covered
themselves with glory.
SOrite Wounded and fugitive Prussians, who ar-
rived by...the road froM Nrimor, have caused the
alaim which has been spread for a moment.
, The inhabitants may make theniseives easy, and
depend 'oh the ability of the Generals and the va-
lour of the troops: Generals Duniciidins and Cam-
baccreS,' Buonaparte's Aid-d 0 Camps, who Were
taken yesterday, arrived here this -morning, and
were immediately taken to the War Office.
P. S. Six iii thC Eve4ing.—The equipages of
some Scotch battalions, and of the corps of Brims.
wick, are this moment coming into Brussels,
where they arc come to repair their losses.
BRUSSELS, JUNE 17.- Considerable fcices,
among which is time brilliant, and numerous Eng,
lish cavalry, commanded by the Earl of Uxbridge,'
have been proceeding ever since yesterday morn-
ing, to tin:, theatre .of war.
The Duke of Wellington left Genappe this morn-
ing to movesforwal d.
Brussels enjoys the greatest tranquillity; seve-
ral foreigners of distinction, among others .the
Prince of Conde, continues to reside among us
with the greatest confidence. Our ,Magistiates
are employed in organizing hospitalsAo receive
and duly to nurse the brave men imho have reeived
their wounds in defending the sacred cause of our
independence.
The Mayor on3rnssels annotinvs in a Procla-
mation that the Grand Hospital of the Allied Army
is established at Brussels, and calls upon thein-
habitants to send old linen and lint to the curates
of their respective parishes.
In another notice he informs the public that it
is absolutely necessary to assist the Army, 'and
calls on those who can afford it to' send to- the
Town Hall ko' many matresses, sheets, quilts, 4c.:
as they can spare, for which, he relies on their
hamanity and patriotism ; at the same he says he
shall be obliged, though with' regret, to send sick
or wounded to the rich citizens who disregard this
appeal.

Brussels, June 17—Tea inphe Morning-.

SECOND BULLETIN.

Colonel Wanthier, Aide-de-Camp to the Prince of Orange,
has just been sent me, by his Royal Highness, with a sum-
mary of the affair of yesterday, for his Majesty.
The affair was bloody and glorious for all the troops of his
Majesty and hiS Allies. _
Our army kept the field of battle, and bivouacked there
during the ❑ight. The enemy was repulsed far beyond Quatra
Bras.

, The Prince of Orange, who was in the heat of the battle, i
perfectly WelL The Colonel left him this morning at havi
past six o'clock.

• The affair was going to begin again this morning. Altpro-
niises the happiest success. Baron De CAPELLES.

THIRD BULLETIN.

By news from head-quarters arrived at six this evening.
Prince Blucher 14s moved his head-quarters to Havre, to join
his corps to that of General Bulow.

This movement of the Prussian corpS d'arm4e has deter-
,mined the Duke of Wellington to concentrate his forces andr
•to fix his head-quarters at Waterloo, in order that he may he
constantly able-to effect his junction with the Prussian armirs.
The enemy has made no movement since yesterday, and his
positions arc the same. •

Our troops, - only a part of whoit have hithertcibeen en;
gaged, are animated by the best disposition.

His Royal Highness the Prince of Orange as well as hie
Royal Highness Prince Frederick, are perfectly well.

The Secretary of State,
Baron De CAPELLEX.

Generals Dumoulin and Cambaceres,. Aides-de-.
Camp of Buonaparte, are among the number of
the prisoners who are arrived in this city,
BRUSSELS, JUNE 18.—During the whole day,
yesterday, aild till late in the evening, there was
a desperate engagement towards the plain of
Ileums ; 'the cannonade, which was terrible, was
heard distinctly here; an' immense cruwd of in-
habitants of ,this city %vent out of, the gates of
Namur and Halle : the discharges of artillery stic,

f

I

11 I

1 r,
t t !

1>'~!~

Y

k!ty.f

111,-:
lii
:.,,
;
r::::
Lit-

-

. -
JOURNAL UNIVERBEL, JUNE I'7.

Already the application of these r, rinciples of
rniquity has been made in several departments—
tiecOndary agents hare hastened to reply to the
signal given, by carrying rigour arrd itlj-,:stice
to an encess. even uni;eard of in. tbe annals- of
the tenifution. We shall• below refer to the De-
cCee of the Lieutenant General of the Police
Moreau k we at present only point it not to
your Mak_sty'. This Decree 'of the 9th, May,
the first readin'g Of which- so deeply affected rite
bean of the king, orilee, by the first Article, ali
the Fiench (except those comptehended in the
st,:coull Article of the amnesty of 12th March last),-
312,0 are out of France, in the Service of your Ma-
jesty, fir in- that of the Princes of your !louse, to
return- to trance within the t,i,rin- of one ntontli,
under penalty of being prosecuted according to a
decree of April 6, 1809.--This decree of April- 6, i
3g09, eohdcinns to death, by the first artir.le of
the first chapter,' all French bearing arms a'gainst o
France, conformably tathe 3d Art. of the 4 st Sec. of
th e9d I."'el't of the Pena/ Codes of Get. 9, 1791. Byse., !
-feral articles under the .heads of 2,3, and 4, of the
!tame -Drecree, all the French-1.0)4 hold abroad po-'
iitical situations, adininisttati've or judicial, are
(I:eclarzcl dead in fa- v, and their real and personal

~yids e;ipait§itul aniniViii!it a con tnue
tl
lilt of y nf,Aiiilici*L-
_Wirdy eight-Warier; the firing hecAti Yri'' ore
.tlistant, ti iti^lt inad'd it Suppro.Sed that the efierny
had retired ; this opinioti has been completely
4entirtned liv the acConnts received this
The Duke of Brunswick Lunenburgb, At the head
his fir.e corps; was struck with a mortal
: thus this brave Prince, has tel his
• the field of lionour-;-:ii death worthy Of a
heio like him. His ttioilal remains were brini7ey-
*4l here last night,and after having been embalM-
-ed, Will be redioved to I.lrtinswicli. -For the rest,
`the details of these affairs are not yet known
there are variations in rile particulars, but what
is certain is, titbit the troops have covered them-
selves ivitb glory; and that the enemy has retro-
....
rad'ed.--:-These events have followed so close on
each other, that it is impossible to collect the de.;
tails: His Royal highness the Hereditary Prince
displayed on'this occasion a degree of bravery, of
intrepidity, and of sang froid, which have excited
the admiration of the army. The Eelgian troops
Lave maintained the high reputation Jor valitut
which they have at all times enjoyed.
The numerous and magnificent English cavalry
Which was cantoned in the environs of NinnVe
and Grammont, and which is stated to amount to
10,000 men, defiled yesterday afternoon between
Halle and Enghien, with 40 pieces of cannon, to
Fla c r_theJefii u, __flip Yrench_artuAil .
Last nig it and this morping-a superb train ZT-
English artillery has been passing•throngh-this
city or along the glacis, proceeding to the army
of the Duke of Wellington ; at noon the 27th and
40th English regiments of the line, with their
music playing, passed through. here, and proceerle,l
without stopping to the same destination. On
the other side we learn, that 12,000 Prussians set
Out this morning from Liege, in carriages, to join
the army of Prince Blucher; and that a corps of
0,000 men defiled the day before yesterday by
Namur, corning fro,n the environs of Dinant,
Marche, and Huy. ',Ve think it our duty to coin- !
municate to the pub; :c these news, which are suf-
ficient to tranquilize the most fearful minds.
Last night and this morning a certain number"
ttf wounded have been brought to this city, tic here
every measure has been taken to receive and take
all possible care of theta. The most belong to
those fine Scotch regiments which have made part
Of our garrison, and which are as estimable for
their valour as tot their discipline and the gentle-
ness of their manners; the 'greatest part of those
wounded belong to. the Prussian army-.
This morning some French prisoners have
been brought in, among whom ate observed an
Officer of Bnonapartc's sates, A greater number
tire expected..

• GHENT, JUSE :5.
it.tronr made to the KING in Council, upon the
Decree of NikrilLEON RUONAPARTIK, dated the
9th of this month,. by ViSCMIIII, CMATEAU-
BRIAND, Minister of His Mo-st Christian Ma-
jesty to the Court- of S,vedda.
• Staa„---A-11 Fiance demands its King your
llajestyis subjects no longer dissetrrhltvtheir sen-
ihnents; sonic come to range themselves around'
you ; others, in the interior of the kingdom, dis-
play-aKir loVe to their lawful Sovereign, and the
flope of soon recoveving Peace under his tutelary
antbority. 13tit the more public opinion ma-
ifests itself,' the more does lluonaparte, ter-
En:lke his yoke weigh heavy on the
i'reneh. Ile calk anarchy to the succour of des-
potism ;. he desires but in vain, to shake the
fidelity of the Fanxboargs of Paris, to armt the
lowest' of the people" to support his tyranny; he
seeks under rags arms embrued with the blood of
the massacres of September. He turns over the
revolutionary archive, to. discover in them some
laws' caldnialed to" second: his rage. It is this
spirit of violence which has dictated the last re-
port of BuOnaparte's ministers of the Police.
This., report diced the 7th of May, has been
foYlowed by a decree issued trie 9th, by the
pretended Chief of the Government of Prance,
and: the" sni-disma Afinister of Justice has
crowned this Report and this Decree, by his cir
cular letter of the I him,- addressed tar the Procu.
Ir-curs-General,

ptorictiy confiscated.

t

A

rtiele' of
11;cree Of the §th )i!).; the -Prfietli'eni•s-:
to pi•oieelitte
Cf ei,6ry relatioti or etluitiiiondenee fi-oni the Ili-
.ferioi• of trAnet Majcity, Or the
of yvur House; or their agents, %Vbere sticli
ice—
latioti Of 'Coii.espoiidenee shall have for their object
the phiti-drnianeetivres gpeified in the
Ar-
ticle of the renal Cat!e.
. .
This 77th Article of the Peril Code protinimees
tht penalty of death and the Confiscation of Pro..
:perty against whoever shall have practited ma=
nmuvres, or kept tip a CorrespOndenCe With the.
enemies of the State.
The 4th, sth, anti Gth Ankles of the Decree of
the 9th of May are dire-cted against such of your
Majesty's subjects as shall take down the tri-
coloured flag; against the communes who shall not
Oppose this, and-against those persons who shall
wear any other rallying sign than the tri-coloured
Cockade.

Toall th ese pretended crimes are applied the 25th
Art.. of the Penal Code, the law of the 10th Vert.
of the year 4, relative to the responsibility of the
-10-rnm,r,-5- rtmt-rirrc--S, Is- ak-r-ritli: t/f-thv L. ,I, of t b
27th Germinal of the year 4, without prejudice to
the 91st Article of the Penal Code.
The 257th-Article of.t he Penal Code pronounces
an imprisonment "Of from two months. to two
years, or a fine of 100 to 500 francs, against
whoever has destroyed Monuments destined for
public utility, &c.
The Law of the Convention relative to the
joint responsibility of the Communes, by the first
head and first article., renders all the inhabitants
of the same Communes responsible for crimes
committed, whether against persons tn, property ;
and by the second head, Art. 1, this responSibi-
lity falls even upon children who have reached the
age of 12 years.
We proceed, Sire, -to the Arret6 of which we
have spoken .above. The Lieutenant of Police of
the 3d Arrondissement published at Nantes, on
)
the 15th May,' this Art&e, the reanible and the
dispositions of which are equally remarkable.—
Attributing the troubles of the Western Depart-
Merits to the Ex-Nobles, he desires, lie says., to
deprive calumny- of every pretext, and to give the
Ex-Nobles an opptrtuttity to justify themselves.
In consequence, -the Arri'..tj says, that all the
Gentlemen of .the Twelve Departments forming
the 3d Arrondissement of.•the Police, shall be
bound to repair within ten 'days to -the Prefect of
their Department. If the *Prefect kodges that
their past conduct does not offer'a sutlicient secu-
rity, he shall send them tinder care of the Police
to some Commune in the interior, and if they do
not appear before the Prefect, the first Article
of the Decree of the gth May shall be applied to
them.
The Minister of Police a France' said •in his
Report thatihe would not propose to nuonaparte
to exceed. the- limits of his constitutional power,
and now we see a mere Lieutenant de Police pass
sentence of exile, confiscation, and death, against
(
' a whole class of citizens, who :are not even in
-
chided in. the llsecree of the oth of May. This is
what is called confining onesself within the limits
F.) f constitutional power. In spite of all that we
have seen for these 25 years past, one is confound-
edat such a scandalous abuse of words, at having
liberty always invoked to establish slavery, the
constitution to sanction arbitrary acts, and the
laws to proscribe.
..
It was impossible to invoke and invent any laws
more monstrous to punish fidelity, loyalty, and
honour.--When we read the circular of the Mi-
nister of Justice, we fancy that we; are reading
that law concerning the suspected, which seems
the expressions of all the terrors which tyranny
feels, and of all the vengeance which it meditates.
A Minister ofiustice invites Judges to guard against
an imprudent pity for crimes which,: by his own
avowal, call rather for indulgence than rigour.
Ile (tares to say, that is not proper to acquit Or.
condemn a Man upon the fact of which he is ac-
cused, because this fact may offer in itself uothinm,
reprehensible ; hut he desires that they slu,ll 'de-
cide upOn the circumstances all together ; that is,
in other words, that a man maybe dragged to the
scaffold according to the opinion which` it shall
please the Judges to attribute to this man.—
Where, Sire, would your enemies now be, if
you 'had employed agaibst them those princi-
ples which they advance. to Prosecute your
subjects ? We shall not propose to your ~Majesty
to adopt such principles; they are contrail' to
your virtues, and to the spirit of. a legal and pa-
ternal Government ; but even the goodness of the
King !night to defend fidelity against rebellion,
and, we beg you to threaten with the vengeance
of the laws those who'shall dare to render them-
selves time accomplices of ail illegitimate authority.•
After having beard this Report, his Majestyhats
.1
made the following Ordinance :

ORDINANCE OF THE KING.
Louis., by the Grace of God, King of France and
Navarre—To all who shall see these presents,

greeting :
At ti►e moment when the most odious measures
are renewed in France, our dearest duty, as welt
as our Most pressing want, is to defend the rights
Our people against oppression and tyranny.
We have seen with profound grief the life, the,
iberty, and the property of all the French who
have remained faithful to their duty, endangered
by the Decree, by the Chief of the pretended Go-
vernment` of Fran ce,. passed on the 9th of 014
month, and by the Art.Litei of some of his agents.
This Decree, anti these ArretCrs, which recall
the most revolutionary lawi,e'lvbich are also di-

BUONAPAI' rE.

I. - c,.•,-:.,• . ': . , . r •,. ;. , t ,
rectiy ci;t4ri.av io mis Charter, I;aiotictilarly Arr.'
(SC, Lc tilircTi the C..itiric.atitili of 1i.,..-;:i,ti-t,i,. IS for
.
i4eiiiholist;e:l'.
these reOom,. bay L'e
ou.: ar;t fait' Council-,
i:re hire orriiiiiied; ;0;11 ()Maio; as 1-.(oi)ws:
.
ANT. t. .All PCoCITTCIII';-.-(;',..•;ICI'ill o,r SOi-cli:; r;')rt Imperiar, en
Mcinbere of every Tribtrici ''..=:-Ititiwtr; .tt•iiitlic.'t Civil' 'lir 'St:4::
1 it:iry; all Agents of the Poliee; who 1 virtue of the Decree
of liconapatte, dated Say D, Itils; or by 'virtue of the isrezi- .
sures taken either in application or e'xtens'iOn of this Deer;:e,
by wh‘rtev'er :valor: it ies, shall nrialieillii prosectrtious relatte
to the pretended crimes therein speeitied,and shall apply the'
penaltie,Piomniant..ed by this Decree, shall ire anstverible
with their persons and property, and shall be inflicted in our
Courts; to be thete judged according to the. ia,%‘, Of our
kingdom.

11. The Prefedg, Sub-prefects, Mayors, Adjutants, and all
other Agents ofibe Administration who shall have taken Part
in the prosecutions ordered by the Decree of the 9th of MaY;
whether by causing persons to be arrested, by sequestrating
property or putting on seals, or by proceeding to the sale of
real or personal property, are equally responsible, and shall
be indicted before our tribunals as well at the instance of our
Procureur-Gener:►i and Royal, as ou the -complaint of those
who shall be entitled to redress by virtue of the present Or-
dinance.

111. Every Justice of Peace, Greffier, whGshall concur
in the sale of personal 'property or of landed property=, :411
tho;ie whu shall be knowirgiy become acquirers of sac!) ar-
ticles soul, ,udt, •uc jumny respowovne ru, the-value of the
said articles.

IV. On; Ministers each, in xvi!at concerns him, are charg-
ed with the execution of the present Ordinance.
Given at Ghent, May 20, ih the year of our Lord 1215,. and
20th of our Reign.

LO-CIS.

(Signed)
Below by the King,.
The Chancellor of France. (Si•4mcd) 'VAN/DRAY.

MLS.
AttitzvED----} Lisbun, I Haintntrgh, 2 'ital. Dtrz-1 tram-
butgli, Waterfo•rd.

PRICE 6F STOCKS •
Tins DAY AT TwEr.vr.
•Bank L. Ann. 14
India Bonds, 2s. 3s. dis.
1,407 hey. Bills, 3s. dis. Is. pr.
Oosnintn, 411 54 pr.
ConS. for July, Sififq,lZ 57 Li

&mit Stock,
3 per Cent. lied. 55LE
.7, per Cent. Cons. shot
4. per Cert. Cons. 70,81
per Cent. Navy Ann. );lint I

J

HIGH w.--vrEit. AT LOND:TN,IIR.EDGE TO-MORROW.
Morriing,37iniritttes 4fter 2:- Evviiing, <l5 miwil vs alit r 2

if 4-14
SE TNa

B,ILEM WI IS DI C ERE FA f,SUM AUDEAT ?

. LONDON.
frEpNE3.II.II; JUNE 9.1, 1515.

The following, n-e- are assured, is ae exact ana
full, amount of all the intelligence which Govcin-
ment has received, but not ollicially(notwith-
standing the empty bons•ts of certain Evening
Papers) of the great eveitts. it hich 'engage the
attention of tke coantry.

On the night of the I.sth, •B ?JO N APA 117 t drove;
in thy l'nlssians.—On the 16th, Linke IVELLNIG—
ToN repelled -an' (hove back the French. On
the 17th, the Duke and, Prince- iktrenEa heft
a Conference at Soig,nies,_ to, detelonine on sta-b•se-
Tient operhauns, taking up a strong position.
Nothing is yet ktrown to Government of the 18th.

another part of our itapression we hove con-
sensed into one point of view the various lutelli7
gcnce collected by the Jouruitts of.t be Metropolis,
distingniihing, as tar:as our information' eniihles
us, the true front the false, and the probahle from
the nnli'kely. TO this stunt-nary we beg to refer
our Readers, regretting onl'y that it_adds, so little
to the stock of news we had. it yesterday in
wir power to Lay before them.. As far as any
more recent allounts go, they confirm the en
•
tire statement which appeared in TuF. SuNT. 800-
NA-PARTE, With his chosen, troops and the flimer
of hio army, attempted one of those dashing mea-
st if it had succeeded, would have
g
;he opening of the Campaign,. though
tivree given
,Liwabritc to
perhaps without strengthening bis cause. Every
thing induces us to believe that Brussels was the
abject of his aim. He attacked the Prussian right
wing with great vigour and decision., it should also
seem rather unexpectedly, and he:drove it hack with
loss. The moment the affitir zissumed a form more
serious than that of a reconnoissance in force, Es-
presses were dispatched to hasten up the Blizish
from Brussels, and other (players, and the Prus-
sians from Natnur,'and all along the left. A part
of the former approach with celerity worthy of
their CoMmander and their:own impatient bravery.
They come upon the enemy, still oceopie,: in (Irk--
lug the Prussians, who fell back on their resources,
and the battles of the 16th and lith are fought,
the result of which is, that the Adversary is not
only foiled and defeated in his purpose, but, com-
pelled to retreat with very considerable loss.
Exulting, as we yesterday did e‘xult, in this pro-
pitious comntencetnent of the war, tve itch her
were, nor arc we, disposed to argue su absurdly'
as
to represent it as a Victory decisive of the fate of
What we consider it to he, it
mustappear ta every impartial man, an importnnt
advantage gained over the I,;'netny: important in
itself, but far more important flout it considera-
tion of its circumstance's and probable resnits.--...
Whet) ere reflect that the first object of BuoxA-
PARTB, Sipportcd by the Mite of his whole
