ADDRESS to the POLES by their COUNTRY-

MEN in ENGLAND and FRANCE.

Poles !--Confident in the enlightened spirit of the age,
and in the sanctity of your case, you rose to throw off
the yoke of the oppressor. The world, in astonishment,
has witnessed your achievements; but nations whom
honour, duty, and even in'erest, commanded to assist ion,
have pusillanimously betrayed the common cause. Future
ages will show how base was their conduct, how shoi t-
sighted their policy. The contest is at an end : the sword
of the autocrat has triumphed. Europe, by her callous
indifference to your misfortunes, participates in the un-
hallowed act. Poland is no more: erased from the list of
nations, she is doomed anew to a long slavery.
Countrymen !--What can we expect trot,' the con-
queror ? His rage and fury we have already defied, and
.if an unexpected effort of humanity should a:tempt to
spare our sufferings, feelings of patriotism would be more
deeply wounded than they have ever been by every crue:ty
and torture formerly devised to suppress them ; for what,
short of the independence of Poland, can satisfy men who
mauve sworn to die for her freedom?

Poles !—You have hitherto done all that became a great
and noble nation. You h tve spared no sac( ifice to attain
your great object ; thousands of your brave brethren have
already sealed with their blood their great compact with
Heaven to (lie for their country. But if the sword of the
enemy has spared our lives, let us remember that we are
hound to devote every hour that remains to us to emulate
the heroes that la (ve fallen, and whose honour and glory
are cur most sacred trust. No inducement of fortun.,
rank, or interest shall betray us into any act unworthy of
our most solemn vows ; the se must be guarded as spotless
as the name of Pole, which will henceforward be left to
Europe as that of patriotism and devotion.
Pohs !—Let us leave that wretched country, now no
more our own, though soaked with the best blood of her
defenders—let us leave Europe, a heartless spectator of
our struggle and our despair. America is the only country
worthy of affording an asylum to men who have sacrificed
every thing for freedom ; there Poland will be enshrined
in our hearts, and Heaven will perhaps bless our devotion.
