BANKRUPTS.

JOHN SHAW, general dealer, Great St. Helen's, to surren-
der Dec. 4, at half-past eleven, and Jan. 11, at eleven, at the
Court of Bankruptcy. Burt, Mitre-court, Mile-street; Abbott,
King's Arms-yard, Coleman-street, official assignee.
HENRY JOHN SHEPHERD, dealer, Beverley, Yorkshire,
Dec. 2d, and Jan. 11, at eleven, at the Tiger Inn, Beverley.
Dyneley, Coverdale, and Lee, Field-court, Gray's Inn, London ;
Bell, Broderick, and Bell, Bow Church-yard, London ; Iveson,
Beverley; Shepherd, Beverley.
JOHN DEAN, tailor, Liverpool, Dec. 21, and Jan. 11, at
twelve, at the Clarendon-rooms, Liverpool. Robinson' Liver-
pool ; Blackstock and Bunce, Sergeant's Inn, Fleet-street.
EDWARD TOBIN, tailor, Rathbone.place, Dec. 10, at one,
and Jan. 11, at two, at the Court of Bankruptcy. Keightley,
East-street, Red Lion-square ; Lowe, Lothbury, official assignee.
RICHARD COCKIN, maltster, Doncaster, Dec. 15, at
the Three Cranes Inn, Barnsley, and Jan. 11, at the Rein eer
Inn, Doncaster, at eleven. Frampton, and Loftus, New Inn,
London; Birks, Hemingfield, Barnsley, Yorkshire.
NT JOH ESCUDIER, hotel-keeper, Albemarle-street, Picca-
dilly, Dec. 11, and Jan 11, at ten, at the Court of Bankruptcy.
Shaw, Ely-place, Holborn. Groom, Abchurch-lane, official
assignee.
CHARLES SNUGGS, looking-glass manufacturer, Mint-
street, Southwark, Dec. 8, at ten, and Jan. 11, at eleven, at the
Court of Bankruptcy. Blake, Essex-street, Strand.
HENRY CHAPLIN CARTER, linen-draper, Tooting,
Surrey, Dec. 4, at two, and Jan. 11, at ten, at the Court of
Bankruptcy. Tucker, Basinghaff-street, London.
WILLIAM THOMAS, THOMAS THOMAS, and ISAAC
THOMAS, ship-owners, Narrow-street, Ratcliffe, Dec. E 2, and
Jan. 11, at twelve, at the Court of Bankruptcy. Kitchener,
Lothbury, official assignee ; Blunt, Roy, and Duncan, Liver-
pool-street.
WILLIAM HAXBY, lace-manufacturer, Hunmanby, York,
Dec. 8, and Jan. 11, at ten, at the Green Dragon Inn, Bridling-
ton, Yorkshire. Keightley and Parkin, Chancery-lane, London ;
Scotchburn and Shepherd, Great Duffield, Yorkshire.
CHARLES HAYLES, grocer, Portsmouth, Dec. 14, and Jan.
11, at twelve, at Totterdell's Commercial Hotel, Portsea. lvimey,
Chancery-lane, London ; Low, Portsea.
PE FER WILLIAM BRASS, oilman, King-street, Ham-
mersmith, Dec. 14, at two, and Jan. 11, at eleven, at tht Court of
Bankruptcy. Gauntlett, Queen-street, Cheapside; Lackington,
Basinghall-street, official assignee.
THOMAS GABRIEL I'ANSON, woollen-draper, Aldgate,
Dec. 11, and Jan. 11, at eleven, at the Court of Bankruptcy.
Fisher, Queen-street, Cheapside; Lowe, Lothbury, official
assignee.
WILLIAM GRAHAM, victualler, Rosemary-lane, White-
chapel, Dec. 11, and Jan. 11, at twelve, at the Court of Bank-
ruptcy. Birkett and Cox, Cloak-lane; Foster, Abehurch-lane,
official assignee.
WILLIAM LE WELLYN, miller, Argoed-Mills, Monmouth
shire, Dec. 13, aad Jan. 11, at twelve, at the office of Messrs.
Bevan and Brittan, Bristol. Whit.: and Whitmore, Line oln's
Inn, London ; Bevan and Brittan, Bristol.
SALEM DRUCKER, merchant, Old City-chambers, Bishops-
gate-street Within, Dec. 13, at half-past one, and Jan. 11, at
twelve, at the Court of Bankruptcy. Lloyd, Crown-court, Cheap-
side; Graham, officialassignee, Copthall-buildings.
JOHN WILLIAMS, stationer, Fleet-street, Dec. 12, and
Jan. 11, at eleven, at the Court of Bankruptcy. Barber and
Davidson, Furnivars-Inn ; Green, King's Arms-yard, official
assignee.
JEREMIAH BILL, butcher, Broseley, Shropshire, Dec. 13,
at four, 14, and Jan 11, at twelve, at the Castle Inn, Wolver-
hampton. White and Whitmore, Lincoln's-Inn, London ;
Smith, Walsall, Staffordshire.
NICHOLAS GEARY, stay-manufacturer, New Bond.strect,
Dec. 11, at half-past one, and Jan. 11, at one, at the Court of
Bankruptcy. Lawrence, Bucklersbury, Cheapside; Edwards,
Pancras-lane, official assignee,
SA RAH CREWE and ELIZABETH CREWE, innkeepers,
Burslern, Staffbrdshire, Dec. 23, at two, and Jan. 11, at eleven,
at the Globe Inn, Newcastle-under-Lyme. Wilson, King's Bench-
walk, Temple; Harding, Newcastle-under-Lyme.
WILLIAM TR ANCHER PINWELL and JOHN HAY-
DON PLEASE, linen-drapers, Exeter, Dec. 11, and Jan. 11, at
eleven, at the New London Inn, Exeter. Braaten and Clipper-
ton, New Broad-street, London ; Brutton, Exeter.
RICHARD BURTON, victualler, Clifton, Gloucestershire'
Dee. 26, and Jan. 11, at two, at the Rummer Tavern, Bristol.
Harvey, Barnard's Inn, London ; Parker, Bristol.
JOHN ANDERSON and JOSEPH PERRY, painters, Wor-
cester, Dec. 17, 18, and Jan. 11, at eleven, at the llopmarket Inn,
Worcester. Best, Worcester ; Hilliard and Hastings, Gray's
Inn, London. . .

ROBERT WHEELDON, victualler, Birmingham, Dec. 7,
and Jan. 11, at twelve, at the White Hart Inn, Birmingham.
Harrison, Birmingham; Norton and Chaplin, Gray's Inn-square,
London.

DIVIDENDS.

Dec. 01, at one, at
C. Bartram, oilman, Bauksidc, Southwark,
the Court of Bankruptcy.
\V.,'l'. S., and \V. J. :Hall, packers, Crosby-square, at eleven,
at the Court of Bankruptcy,
K, E., and H. Hughes, cotton-spinners, Dec. 21, at nine, at
the York Hotel, Manchester.
J. S. Sibel, veterinary-surgeon, Norwich, Dec. 22, at four, at
the office of Mr. Daveney, Norwich.
W. Emans, bookseller, Birmingham, Dec. 22, at twelve, at the
New Royal Hotel, Birmingham.
W. Tickner, maltster, Tenterden, Kent, Dec. 21, at eleven, at
the White Lion Inn, Tenterden.
G. Stodart, timber-inerchaut, Binnacle, Cumberland, Dec. 26,
at eleven, at the Bush Inn, Carlisle.
H. \V. Danson, merchant, Bristol, Dec. 22, at two, at the
White Lion Inn, Bristol.
W. Jackson, jeweller, Maidstone, Kent, Dec. 21, at two, at the
Court of Bankruptcy.
CERTIFICATES, DEC. 21.
A. Thompson, linen-draper, Barnard Castle, Durham.
S. B. Fry, hosier, Bristol.
J. Andrews, tailor, Strand.
J. Window, agent, Craig's-court, Charing-cross.
T. C. Cawley, ironmonger, Axminster, Devonshire.
'l. Morgan and J. Jayne, provision-merchants, Clydach; Mon-
mouthshire.

PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
E. and J. Astle, corthvainers, Nottingham.
J. Stone and T. \V. Gagen, dealers, Poplar.
T. and C. Ashton, gun-makers, Swallow's-gardens, Goodman's-
fields.
P. Elton and G. Capper, silk.throwsters, Macclesfield.
E. and C. Benham, ironmongers, Uxbridge.
E. Spinck and C. Charnockonaltsters, Pontefract, Yorkshire.
E. Nettleton and J. M. Palmer, printers, Bodmin.
J. H. and 0. Waugh, chymists, Regent-street.
D. and E. Reynolds, grocers, Rochester.
J. Foden and J. Simpson, victuallers, Liverpool.
J. and R. Mellor, millers, Hollinwood, Lancashire.
D. Rowland and W. Sprott, attorneys, Tonbridge Wells.
J. Field, jun., and Co., tobacco-manufacturers,Liverpool.
R. Shilson, and W. Dobson, millers, Plympton-St.- Mary, De-
vonshire.

LIFE IN THE CITADEL OF ANTWERP.—
CHASSE is an extremely affable old fellow, nevertheless ix
many of the affairs of life he has acted very strangely.
He married a rich English lady, by whom be had two
children, who died; he used to beat his wife in the life-
time of his children ; and she put up with this treatment
on their account. But after their death she sued for a
divorce; during the process CHASSE married, pretending
that his union with his first wife was not a legal one ; a
second process ensued, and he was mulcted in the sum of
1,500 florins. CHASSE has &ways courted the society of
ladirs. He returns home very often with ladies, to whom
he given suppers, insisting that his wife shall preside at
the table. The wife of one of his Aides-de-Camp, and
his own ilaughtez, of the age of 16, a fine young woman,
are now in the citadel to make it pleasant. These ladies
cultivate in this place all the arts of pleasing, and have
music by choice. CIIASSE knows more about what is
passing in Antwerp than the whole of the authorities put
together. It is evident that he has spies in all parts of
the city, who are constantly on the look-out, and who
report to him the result of their inquiried...fic/9;an Payer.

SCOTTISH HOSPITAL.

Yesterday being the anniversary of St. Andrew, the
usual festival 'of this highly laudable Institution was held
at the London Tavern, Bishopsgate-street, and the com-
pany formed a very numerous and respectable assemblage.
The LORD MAYOR presided, in the ab,ence of the Duke
of Gordon ; and, after the customary loyal and patriotic
toasts were given with due honours, the light Hon. Ma-
gistrate made a powerful appeal on behalf of the charity__
in appeal which was answered by liberal contributions
from all those who were present.
In the coarse of the toasts which followed, the healths of
the Lord Mayor and the Lady Mayoress were received with
animated demonstiations of applause. The Lord Mayor
took occasion to advert to his o:vn career in London, and
observed that Sir James Shaw and himself were the only
Scotchmen who ever yet had the honour of filling the Civic
Chair.

The health of Mr. Wilkie, the celebrated painter, being
Proposed, that gentleman expressed his acknowledgments.

THE ELECTIONS.

S 0 UTH W ARK-MR. SHERIFF
HUMPHER Y.

A meeting of the electors of the above borough, in the
interest of Mr. Sheriff Humphery, took place last evening,
at the Duke of Clarence, London-road.
Dr. EVANS was called to the chair, and said that he
hoped the present meeting would not be so disorderly as
those lately held in several parts of the borough. He
claimed a patient bearing for every elector, no matter
what may be his opinions.
Mr. OLIVER. proposed the first resolution in favour of
Mr. Humphery, and said that, as many would be
anxious to hear that worthy candidate's sentiments, he
would nut detain them by a lengthened speech. All he
would say was, that Mr. Humphery was a man of consi-
derable commercial experience—that he understood the
ocal interests of the borough—that he had large property
in it, and that, consequently, he was personally interested
in protecting its interests. The address to the electors
was before the public, and if the worthy candidate ful-
filled the promises made in it, be was the man that exactly
suited them.

Mr. PERCEVAL, of Tooley-street, seconded the motion,
and said that he did so with the sincerest pleasure, as he
was convinced that the worthy candidate was, from his
earliest years, a Reformer. Mr. Humphery had never
supported Polhil in his contest with the late Mr. Calvert ;
he had voted for Mr. Whitbread and Mr. Byng against
Hellish ; and if he had now a vote for Middlesex, he
would give it to Mr. Hume. Though he could not sup-
port this latter gentleman with his vote, he would sup-
port him with his purse —(Cheers.)
Mr. Sheriff HUMPHERY claimed the indulgence of the
meeting, as it was the first time be had ever addressed a
public assembly. He was, as to hii principles, as inde-
pendent as any man breathin,4 ; from his youth upwards,
be had steadily and unflinchingly advocated the rights of
the people ; and if it ever fell to his lot to enter the House
of Commons, he would continue to do so, without yielding
in activity, zeal, and perseverance, to any Member in it.
He would support the cause of the people of this great
country at all risks, and at every sacrifice. He then
begged to state his political sentiments briefly, but can-
didly. He was a decided advocate for the ba!lot : the
great body of the people required it, in order to be pro-
tected from undue iufluence. The rich ought not to
object to it, since they made use of it in their clubs, at
their elections of East India Directors and Bank Go-
vernors.
They used it because they were fearful of thei r
o..vn honesty; since, then, it was not necessary for the
people, the people must be honester than they. He was
completely opposed to the Septennial Act, and considered it
a flagrant robbery on the part of the Whigs, who, when
returned only for the term of three years, increased the
period to seven. He was also for a repeal of the house
and window tax, since it would lighten the bur-
dens of the poor; but be did not see the necessity of
abolishing the assessed taxes, since they for the most part
fell heavily on the rich, who were the persons that could
best bear, and ought to bear the burden of taxation.
The Church ought to be thoroughly and speedily reformed
—it ought to be separated from the State, and be no
longer supported by tithes. These last were an odious
and vexatious tax, and if lie should be returned, he would
support any motion for their total repeal. As for the
Bishops, the sooner they betook themselves out
f the house of Lords the better, for they were
never known to appear in full muster there unless when
they intended to vote for some measure prejudicial to the
people.—(Cheers.) He would vote for a repeal of the
corn laws, and was opposed to slavery. He thought all
children born of blacks in the colonies, should at their
birth be considered free. All taxes on knowledge ought
to be forthwith tepealed, and the several polishes should
have the management of their own police. He concluded
by promising the electors, that if he should have the ho-
nour of being chosen as their representative, he would
never be neglectful of their interests.
Mr. AILROWS3rITH rose to oppose the resolution, and
endeavoured to make some remarks, but such was the
noise in the room, that not a word that fell from him
could be heard.

11r. BARNARD wished to propose an amendment, but
was persuaded to withdraw it.
The CHAIRMAN the❑ put the original resolution, which
waa unanimously carried.
The aceustomary honour was paid to the Chaim m,
after which the meeting broke up.

MR. TII 0 RNELY-MERCAIV TILE CAN-

DIDATES.

It will be recollected that the requisition to Mr.
Thornely to stand for Liverpool was signed by upwards of
1,700 electors; and we have just received information,
which leads us to believe that his chance of being returned
is neatly as good as Mr. Ewart's, and considerably better
than that of Lord Sandon. We rejoice to learn this; for
Mr. Thornely is a man of the right sort—honest, inde-
fatigable, sagacious, experienced in the real business of life,
and independent in mind and fortune. He has no private
interests to promote, no political grudges to gratify, no
needy relations to quarter on the public. He was born
and bred among
the constituency who now call upon him
toit. represent them in Parliament. He is not summoned
OLII the metropolis to be forced upon them by the tools of
a domain.domain.et tog Peer ; nor does he dash into Liverpool at
the head of a troop of parsons and dragoons, greeted with
curses instead of cheers, and trampling under foot the help-
less and unresisting.
His address to the electors is comprehensive, consistent,
and perspicuous. The colours which he hoists are of no
doubtful or changing hue. There is no bush-fighting—no
winding about to secure a neutral position—no insidious
attempts to entrap friend or foe. Mr. Thornely disdains
to blink his opinions on important questions ; but avows
himself friendly to triennial Parliaments and the vote by
ballot—to a revision and reduction of the corn duties and
free trade in general—to a repeal of the taxes on know-
ledge, and an early emancipation of the negroes, coupled
with a measure of compensation to their owners for any
loss Which they may sustain thereby. In a must manly
passage of his address, he declares himself a Dissenter,
and
the steadfast advocate of the right of private judgment in
matters of religion. From the first line to the last, there
is nut a phrase from which human ingenuity could extract
a double meaning. All is fair and above board. There-
fore, we repeat, he is the right man.
We know that Mr. Thornely may—we trust that he
will—be triumphantly returned. But we must take leave
to remind his friends, that while the employment of all
undue influence should be scrupulously shunned, as being
potent to infect and wither the most righteous cause under
heaven, still that organization and activity are absolutely
nec. scary to insure success. Every petty jealousy—per
sonal, mercantile, or civic—should he at once discarded.
The combination of the Tories for evil, should be met by
the association of the Lib-rals for good. Past txperience
clearly proves, that the High Church and King in
Liverpool partyn
Liverpool will make up in discipline what their troops want
in number—that their voters will be made to march re-
gularly, though reluctantly, to the pull.
It may seem superfluous to address such remarks as
these to the experienced electioneerers of Liverpool. We
wish that they were uncalled for, and impertinent. But
the mode in which Mr. Thornely's interests were mis-
managed at the last contest, proves the reverse. To speak
plainly, we never in our lives beheld such a scandalous,
childish, and contemptible want of spirit and organiza-
tion in any political party, as was displayed on that oeca-
siou by the Liverpool Reformers. They appeared to

think,' that to stand talking with their hands in their
pockets, was all that was necessary to gain a contested
election ; and that the services of active agents and corn•
mitteenien, to stimulate the lazy and confirm the waver-
ing, might be very well dispensed with. What was the
consequence of this deplorable conduct? Why, Lord
Sandon obtained a majority of SOO votes on the first day's
and rode rough-shod over the Liverpool Liberals.
Then, indeed, there was a plenteous outpouring of com-
plaints and mortification. Meanwhile, the victors sneered
at the imbecility of the Whigs, whom they had duped, and
chaired the noble Waverer through the town wi,h Chula:
and King banners and every emblem of Tory insolence
and triumph. Let the Liverpool Reformers call to mind
that display, and the toasts and speeches at the dinner
which followed it, and be roused or shamed into such
:leave co-operation as shall prevent their repetition at the
approaching struggle. -
-
While we have no doubt that Mr. Thornely will exert
himielf to the utmost in the performance of every honour.
aide duty which devolves upon the member of a wealthy,
populous, and irnportmt town—distinguished for the
energy, public spirit, intellectual acquirements, and coin.
inertial enterprise of its inhabitants--still there is a certain
description of business which, we. suspect, he will shrink
from undertaking. There is no use iu mincing this mat-
ter.: we allude to applications at the Treasury arid other
offices for the release of vessels detained for a breach of the
Custom-house regulations, and various other little services,
the nature of which is perfectly understood by the Liver-
pool merchants. We know that it is considered by many
to be of the utmost consequence to secure a representative
who possesses influence at bead-quarters,—who, in return
or a steadfast and unblushing support of every Ministeria:

,olNjoitvoured with great facilities in arranging the pri-
vareafeNter his more wealthy constituents with the Ex-
cise and Custom-7souse departments. Ptior Mr. Huskisson
is gone to his long home ; but perhaps General Gascoigne,
or the indefatigable Mr. Hart Davis, can inform the in-
credulous reader as to the nature of those services to com-
mercial men, which for so long a period secured to them
their resp-ctive seats for Liverpool and Bristol. It will be
recollected that both these gentlemen were turned out when
their influence with Government was cut up by the ac-
cession of the Whigs to power.
We can, however, assure our commercial friends in
every part of the island, that the days of secret influence
are fast fading away ; and that a Reform in the interior of
G-vernment offices is in progress, which will put a stop
to all such underhand proceedings. The Duke of Wel-
lington did something in this way, and Lord Grey is
expected to do a great deal more : so that, perhaps, the
honest and independent Mr. Thornely may after all be as
useful a friend in Downing-street, or at Somerset-house, as
the most timeserving, fawning, and unscrupulous Tory
tool of the olden time.

We observe that Mr. Thornely, if elected, pledges him-
self to retire from business. He is perfectly right in
making this resolution. Indeed, in almost every instance
of a mercantile candidate, we should consider such a step
as indispensable. It may be laid down as a general rule,
which admits of vet y rare exceptions indeed, that one of the
chief qualifications which a candidate for a seat in the
House of Commons ought to possess, is eutireleisu re, or the
power of devoting himself wholly, if necessary, to the per-
formance of his Parliamentary duties. The reasons for this are
oWious. In the first place, however industrious, well-
informed, or strong-nerved a man may be, he will find his
duties as a Member of Parliament quite as onerous and
incessant as his energies physical and moral can stand
under. If to these be added the cares of an extensive pri-
✓ate business,—if a great portion of every day is consumed
in bustling about Lombard-street or the Exchange, it will
inevitably follow, that the concerns of his constituents
will be grossly neglected, while probably his own private
affairs are but imperfectly attended to after all. S-condly,
there are so many paths which lead a public man out of
the direct line of duty—so many temptations to a mer-
chant especially, to convert his seat in Parliament into a
means of private gain—to regulate his vote according to the
state of his bill-book instead of the state of the country—
that the people are really not justified in committing their
dearest interests into the keeping of the most honourable
man who is constantly liable to be swayed by these consi-
derations.

We should therefore address any mercantile canvasser
for our votes in such words as these—" Are you engaged,
Sir, in the Imp, wool, or tallow trades? Do you manu-
facture or export Leeds, Manchester, or Glasgow goods,
in return for cotton, sugar, rice, or tobacco? Are you a
builder of ships or a breeder of slaves? Are you an un-
derwriter or an insurance-broker ? If you are engaged in
any such speculations, you must pledge yourself to get
out of them as speedily as possible, or you shall have no
vote of ours. Your thoughts will be with your argosies
in the Pacific or the Atlantic, not in the dry details of
Poor or Common Law Reports in the Committee-rooms of
the House. Where }our treasure is, there will your heart
be also."

Our limits will not permit us to discuss this important
subject as fully as it deserves ; but we have one other re-
mark to make in conclusion, which bears more upon the
duties of electors perhaps tha❑ upo❑ those of their repre-
sentatives. We refer to the absurdity and injustice of re-
quiring Members, as a part of their especial and local
duties, to advocate the .exclusive and peculiar interests of
certain of their trading constituents, and thereby not un-
frequently place in jeopardy measures of great national
importance. The discussions and divisions on the glove,
timber, and sugar questions, may serve to exemplify the
evil cillicts of this short-sighted policy.—Spectator.

The spirit which has been aroused i❑ Mr. llume's fa-
vour by the dishonest attempt made to dislodge him from
Middlesex, is daily manifesting itself from every part of
the country. The following letter, directed to the Chair-
man of Mr. Ilume's Committee, is a substantial proof of
the fact:—

" White Hart Inn, Reading, Nov. 28, 1832.

" Sir,—l hereby inclose you the sum of six pounds, as col.
lected by (one penny) subscriptions, by the respectable Re-
formers of Reading and its neighbourhood, for the purpose of
defraying the expenses of the return of J. Hume, Esq., as
M.P. for the County of Middlesex.
" I am, Sir, your obedient humble servant,
" WILLIAM TURNER.
" To the Chairman of J. Hume, Esq's. Committee,
Salopian Coffee-house, London.

FASHIONS FOR DECEMBER.

(From the World of Fashion.)
LADIES'.
MORNING VISITING DRESS.

It is of Maly a colonnes ; the colours are white,
lavender, and eapeur. The corsage is plain behind, and
crossed in drapery ti Ia fichu in front. The sleeve is of
the gigot shape. White satin bonnet ; it is a bibi, a
round and very open brim, trimmed o❑ the inside with
rose-coloured gauze ribbons and blond ❑et. The trim-
ming represents exactly a head-dress of Mary de Ilfedieis,
and is copied from one of the portraits of that Princess in
the Louvre. The crown of the bonnet is decorated with
roses of different colours, scattered irregularly round it,
and intermingled with white gauze ribbons. Scarf of
white cashmere.
