PUBLIC NOTIFICATION.

MESSRS. SLOAN and CO., Members of
the Royal College of Surgeons, 4, ARGYLL-PLACE,
REGENT-STREET, and 28, IRONNIONGER.LANE,
CHEAPSIDE, may be consulted from Eight o'Clock in the
Morning until Ten at Night, on every variety and stage of
Syphilis, with that delicacy and secresy they have hitherto ob-
served. The treatment they pursue will not subject any patient
to confitiernent or hindrance from business. Cases of an ex-
treme nature they eradicate in eight or ten days, or if slight or
recent in two or three, without the indiscriminate use of mer-
cury, and at a moderate expense. Generative debility,
Gonorrheea, and Strictures of the Urethra, unhappily so preva-
lent, are treated upon those unerring principles which have in-
sured to Messrs. Sloan and Co. so large a share of nubile pa-
tronage for nearly thirty years in Louder), and which it will be
their future exertion to maintain.
Letters, containing an enclosure, will be answered by return
and patients, however distant, will be corresponded with until
recovered.

.MOST IMPORTANT
SCIENCE. DISCOVERY IN MEDICAL
. .

AN Infallible Remedy has been discovered, in a
simple vegetable compound and an outward application,
for the Gout, Rheumatism. Rheumatic Gout, Tic-doleureux,
Lumbago, &c., in all their agonizing forms, by which imme-
diate relief is of in the most inveterate cases, and the
cure perfected within from two to three days.
Mr Thomas Fearer, woollen warehouseman, Nos. 3 and 4,
Friday-street, Cheapside, son of the discoverer, having tested
this remedy by private circulation for several years, during
which time thousands have been cured, from the nobleman to
the peasant, considers he would be wanting in his duty towards
his suffering fellow-creatures if he did net give them the full
advantage of this most important discovery ; he therefore no
longer hesitates to adopt this mode of making it publicly
known. The cures: it has effected in the most violent and ob-
stinate eases have been truly wonderful, and a newspaper could
be filled with letters and testimonials in confirmation of its
efficacy from'persons of rank and distinction, including several
from medical gentlemen of eminence. The great superiority
this specific possesses over all other remedies is from its being
an outward application, and so perfectly cafe and innocuous that
the most weak and timid patient may ,use it with the greatest
safety.
This remedy is new known as Feaver's Embrocation, and
may be had of the proprietor, 31r. Feaver, 3 and 4, Frida
street, Cheapside; Barclay and Sons, Newberg, Edwards, T.
Butler, Sutton, Sanger, and most of the respectable chemists
and medicine venders in town and country. In bottles at
40. 6d., 6s. 6d., 11s., 225., and 30s. To prevent counterfeits,
miehlabe 1 is signed by the proprietor.

From Henry Cowper, Esq., of Tewen-waters,
Herts, to Messrs. S. and B. Solomons, 39, Albermarle-
street, Piccadilly, and 76, King William-street, Bank of
England.—" Gentlemen, having been deaf for many years,
I was induced from recommendation to try your Invisible
Voice Conductors, and I have great pleasure in telling
you that they enable me to hear persons in company and
at a place of worship most distinctly; and in consequence
o fthe great advantage which I have derived, I have recom-
mended many persons to you, and their report is similar
to mine—most favorable. The Spectacles and Hand-glass
which you have sent me are very excellent, and suit my
sight precisely, and surpass anything •f the kind I have
ever tried; the transparency of which is so brilliant, that,
although I have passed my 86th year the 22d of May
last, yet they enable me to read, &c. by candle-light with
the greatest case and corrfort to myself.—Gentlemen, I
return you my best thanks, and remain your most obedient
servant, HENItY Cowpaa.-22d of June, 1539."—1n con-
sequence of Mr. Henry Cowper receiving applications
fram all quarters to know whether the above letter is
authentic or not, he has addressed a letter to the Standard,
which was inserted in that paper on the 6th of April last,
stating that it was so, and that in consequence of his ex-
treme age and increasing infirmity, he requested ho might
not be troubled with any further inquiries.—No connexion
with persons of the same name.

The Municipal Council of Batignollcs have
come to a decision of protesting to Government against
any fortifications being raised round Paris,
MISERABLE DEATH OF A MISANTHROPE.
—Monday forenoon an inquest was taken before Mr.
Baker, at the Nag's Head, Hackney-road, on the body
of Robert Smyth Stacey, aged 46, who died under cir-
cumstances of a voluntary deprivation of the common ne-
cessaries of life. His habitation was about six feet square,
and in it were an old chair, a stool, and a few broken
pieces of furniture. He was seldom seen by the neigh-
bours, it being his practice to shut himself up by day, and
occasionally to walk about his garden during the night;
and whenever any one called upon him he spoke to them
throngh the crevices of his hut. The deceased's
brother stated that the deceased was a single man. He
lived upon the interest of some funded property which was
bequeathed to him by his father. About fifteen years ago
his manner suddenly changed, and he commenced avoiding
society. This disposition grew upon him, arid he eventually
determined to withdraw himself entirely from public. Ho
used to have a boy to wait upon him till he resolved to take
the House in Nag's Head gardens, where he had no one
to wait upon him. When witness called he was spoken to
by his brother from the inside. On Thursday afternoon
witness called upon him. For some time he could obtain
no answer ; but the door was then opened, when witness
found his brother to be in an almost helpless state. He bad
got out of bed to let witness in. Deeeaswal was not able to
speak, and witness bad no doubt that he had no fire and
nothing to cat for sonic days previous. Having given him
some rum and water, witness returned home to make ar-
rangements for his accommodation at witness's house, but
had not time to do so. The same evening he tried to get
a lodging for him in the neighbourhood, but was equally
unsuccessful. Witness, however, covered him comfort..

ably with blankets, and gave him some gruel. The next
morning witness called with his brother, when they sound
deceased dying. They had just time to shake hands with
him before be ceased to breathe. By the Coroner—He
was not in want of money. I asked him if he had any ?
when he pointed to a bag, in which I found 103. Ido
not know what was his income, but at any time he could
have had 2001. in 300/. I have no doubt t hat he died from
exposure to the cold and want of necessaries. Verdict—
" Natural death."

Sent to the Compter
Disposed of by Magistrates :
Committed to Prison
Discharged:
Sent to the Hospital or elsewhere ......... .... ...
Sent to the different Unions

49

- 85

Sent to the undermentioned Unions by the Inspectors on
duty at the several City Police Stations, and disposed of
as subjoined :
To the City of London—Messrs. Jopp end Thwaites.
Relieved with Bread ..
Relieved with Money ..
Received in the House
Refused .......... 20
To the East London—Mr Roberts.

Relieved with Btead
Relieved with Money 0
Received in the House . Bl
Refused

To the West Loadon.—Messrs. Miller and Carvill.
Relieved with Bread
Relieved with Money

Received in the House
Refused

300

Sent to the Hospital or elsewhere

Total Bll
In addition to the above, 20 were discharged by the In-
spectors on duty at the several stations, making a total of
916, of which number there were 501 Males, 323 Females,
and 92 Children.

Vagrants 428
Destitute 916

Grand Total .................. 1,344

Whatever may be the opinion entertained with re-
spect to various parts of the New Poor.law, the full
and complete system of relief provided for the destitute
poor, is secured by the Legislation of this country.
The ancient mode of giving relief to the out-door
poor (a right which they so long posses-
sed) is taken away, and the law now enacts
that no person in this country shall be left to perish in
a state of destitution. If a person under any circum-
stances is reduced to poverty, and has no money, food,
or lodging, he is by law entitled to instant relief, and
also to continued support, and so remarkable is the
prompt provision by which it enforces relief, that it de-
clares the applicants shall in all cases of need be pro.
vided with food and medicine, if necessary, before any
investigation is instituted into his case, and accumu-
lated. penalties of increasing severity are enacted, and
may be enforced against any relieving officer or mas-
ter of the workhouse who refuses instantly to relieve
an), applicant in a state of destitution. Such is the com-
prehensivenature of this law that it does not limit relict to
natives but extends to foreigners, nor to the virtuous
only, for it does not regard character, but only destitu-
tion. If a person was tried and found guilty of an of-
fence, and sentenced to a term of imprisonment, the mo-
ment this expired if he had no money, food-, or lodging,
he is not compelled to commit another crime to sup-
port nature, but may go instantly to the master of
the workhouse, and demand relief, and such relief he
is entitled to receive until employment can be found
him. It is utterly impossible if the full and explicit
provisions made by the New Poor-law for the desti-
tute poor were fairly administered, that any person in
this country could be left in a state of pressing want to
perish from starvation. The overseer of the guardians,
the relieving officer, and the master of the workhouse,
but especially the last, because he is bound to relieve
persons, by night or by day, these are all subject to
heavy responsibility for any wilful refusal of relief. To
prevent any difficulty in distinguishing character, the law
has placed the whole of the metropolis under the control
of two separate bodies, and now all the crime in Lon-
don is under the control of the Commissioners of
Police, and all the poverty under the management of
the Commissioners of the Poor, and a broad line of
distinction is preserved between them. Poverty and
destitution are not crimes, but misfortunes ; and such
persons are not to be treated as criminals, but they are
entitled to sympathy and instant relief. Vagrancy
or begging is a crime, and this must be punished and
suppressed, and entirely removed from our streets ; there
is no necessity, if the New Poor-law is fairly adminis-
tered, for any person to be driven to commit an act of
vagrancy. 'lle line of distinction between desut?-
tution and vagrancy
may he easily overstepped, but still
the distinction remains. Destitution is not criminal,
but vagrancy is. If this is a true exposition of the law,
what is the real cause that such numbers of destitute
persons and vagrants continue to crowd our streets? It
is because the laws are not fairly administered. The
Commissioners of Polica have money, men, and power
as much as they require, and there is no defect in the
law ; they are well able to perform their part in the
suppression of crime and vagrancy. The Commissioners
of the Poor-law have the property of the country under
their control, and the most ample powers it is possible
to give them to relieve the poor and destitute, and they
arc well able to perform their duty in relieving
poverty. The Magistrates of the country have the su-
pervision of the whole, and the real efficiency of the law
.
depends upon the manner in which is administered
severally by each of these departments, and the real
source of all the present evils is the bad
is administra-
tion of the law. So long as a vagrant suffered to
prowl about our public streets, or an unfortunate and
perishing object is suffered to wander helpless and for-
lorn, and without relief, the fault belongs entirely
to the police, they have the power, and it is
is their imperative duty to place the perishing object of
misfortune under the immediate care of the relieving
officer, and if at night the master of the workhouse
must receive them instantly ; this will effectually
relieve all who are compelled to wander in the
public streets. The law is badly administered by
the Commissioners of the P if oor they suffer with
impunity the several officers under their control
to evade the ur to neglect to carry its provisions
into effect. The duty of the relieving officer and the
master of the workhouse is as follows.—(llere the Re-
ort contained an extract from the Act, specifying
the several duties of the officer.) Nov,, if instead
of performing this duty, the officer evades it either
by giving the applicants a small sum of money, or a
small loaf, and then turn them again into' the
streets without shelter or more permanent support,
this is not such relief, in the spirit or the terms of the
law, which it provides and requires ; the law is evaded ;
the poor object is again thrown upon the streets ; the
police are frustrated in their efforts, and each arc para.
lyzed, and the poor and destitute are the victims.
The law not only contemplates, but provides that
relief of a more permanent nature shall be afforded to
such destitute persons as arc without money,
food, or
shelter. It is riot only the duty of the relieving officer
to administer :instant relief in food and lodging, but
also to continue such relief until the next meeting of
the Board of Guardians, when an investigation is to
be instituted, sand they fare to be properly onveyed to
their respective' parishes, and if their legal settlement
cannot be ascertained, the perishes in which the desti-
tute persons are found must provide for them.
If the destitute poor were fully acquainted with
the full proviiion the law has made for their relief,
and were laid!" supported by the administrators of the
law enforcing it, nearly all the evils would be remedied ;
but it is a remarkable circumstance which it is difficult
to explain, that either through ignorance of the law, or
indisposition to carry out its merciful provisions, the ma-
gistracy of the country, with few exceptions, have la-
mentably failed to afford that assistance which they
have the power to bestow in obtaining prompt and
efficient relief for the destitute and deserving poor.
Their duty is simple, easy, and plain. If destitute
persons apply to a Magistrate for relief, instead of tell-
ing the poor objects the law was altered, and that he
had now no power to afford them relief, and so dismiss
them—if instead of such a proceeding the Magistrate
were to inform them that they had made application
to the wrong place, and direct them to ap-

ply to a relieving-officer, and if relief was
refused then to return and make their complaint to him,
in such a case the Magistrate is all powerful—the law
has invested him with the moat efficient authority that
it is possible to entrust to a responsible person. In the
event of any overseer, relieving officer, cr master of the
workhouse refusing to afford instant relief, the Magis-
trate may immediately issue his summons, and upon
the fact being established that relief had been refused,
the law empowers the Magistrate to levy a fine for
the first offence of five pounds ; ten pounds fur a se-
cond offence, and twenty pounds for a third ; and in
the event of death ensuing from the officer's miscon-
duct he would be liable to an indictment for a cri-
minal offence. Is it possible to complain that the
Legislature has not provided efficiently, and given the
most full and complete power to the Magistrate to ren-
der the most effectual aid to-the poor, so that they may
in every possible case be saved from starvation ? It is
not in the power of Parliament to enact a law afford.
ing more prompt, effectual, and permanent relief to desti-
tute persons than is now existing ; and, ;f it was fully and
fairly administered by all the officers of the police,
and of the l'oor and they were properly supported by
the Guardians, the Commissioners, and the Magistrates,
the evils now existing would speedily terminate. It has
been stated that the present law is sufficient, and that
ample powers arc given to carry its provisions into exe-
cution, but if this was attempted and effected, such a
largo and overwhelming number of miserable objects
would require support, that it would be utterly impossible
to provide for their effectual relief. This representation
may be admitted or denied, and it is extremely diffi-
cult to ascertain the real truth of the case ; but
suppose it is admitted that there is existing in London
and its environs a vast number of wretchedly poor,
.distressestpareosta,..wha .are re laced, by poverty, and
are existing in such a state. of desperate distress by the
want of employment as to be compelled to wander in
the public streets in a state of utter destitution,
what is to be done with them, according to the present
mode of administering the law ? If they apply to the
relieving officer, he will give them a small loaf, or,
illegally, a few pence, which is acknowledged, and
they arc sent away. When this medium of relief is
exhausted, their difficulties again oppress them, and
the difficulty and reluctance which they experienced
in obtaining a temporary supply for their pressing ne-
cessities, sir operates on their minds, that they are ready
to resort to any desperate measure rather than make
another application to the relieving officer. Under
these pressing and distressed circumstances, many
are compelled to wander in the public streets, and
reduced to the necessity of soliciting charity, others
to commit crimes, and thus begging and stealing, the
very evils the law was enacted to remedy,
are really caused by the present cruel and illegal
manner in which it is administered. It is by these
means that our prisons are filled, and the public arc
compelled to pay ten times the amount to bring such
miserable offenders to justice, and provide for them
in prison, as it would cost if the law was fairly ad-
ministered in providing for their honest support.

If the Guardians and the Commissioners of the Poor
are fully convinced that they arc unable to
meet and overcome this pressing evil, it is their
duty instantly to ascertain correctly its full ex-
tent, and to take into immediate consideration
whether there are any means within their power
to provide an effectual remedy, and in the event that they
should determine that the difficulties cannot be sur-
mounted, it is their duty to inform the public, and also
to be prepared to inform the Legislature. It will then
be a subject of serious consideration, whether the poor
are not fairly entitled to be restored to the ancient
mode of out-door relief, until some more efficient
remedy be devised ; but if it should be found upon a
fair inquiry that the only fault is the inefficient ad-
ministration of the law, the police ought to be instructed
to institute immediate proceedings against every officer
of the Poor-law to whom is entrusted the administration
of relief for every default in the execution of his office
in effectually relieving the poor, and seek to have the
proper penalties enforced by the Magistrates, for surely
it must be esteemed a far higher crime to refuse to ad-
minister relief to suffering humanity, than to enforce
the law against the driver of a public vehicle for abu-
sive language or loitering with his carriage in the public
streets ; and if the police are properly supported and
sustained by the Magistrates there is every reason to
believe the evils would be soon remedied.

THE LOWER AND HIGHER

CLASSES.

(From the Times.)
" The working classes are now, in fact, at. war with
all the superior classes. They do not, indeed, take the
field in arms ; though, perhaps, there are many who
might not object to that, and with whom it is simply
a question of prudential calculation. But they are
alienated nod hostile, heart and soul !"

So wrote a leading Ministerial Journal some ten days
since. To a certain extent the above description is
correct. It is correct just so far as it has lain in the
power of this very writer, with his patrons and coadju-
tors, to make it so.
If we were to ask the writer of the sentence we have
quoted to assign any such change in the treatment of
the working classes as would account for this change in
their temper and disposition, he mould find it nn easy
task to give an answer. For, in truth, the only changes
which have taken place have been those changes which
" a liberal philosophy" prescribed ; and it would b,l too
much for him to confess, that to those, and these alone,
could the growing misery and disloyalty of the poorer
classes be justly attributed.
The changes to which we allude have been of three
classes :

Ist. A warfare upon the rights and comforts of the
poor.

9.'1. A constant effort to sharpen their mental per.
ceptions.

3d. A ceaseless supply to those poor creatures, ren-
dered uncomfortable on the one hand, and intelligent on
the other, of provoeatives to dizloyAlty and discontent.
We assert, without the least fear of contradiction,
that this has been the regular course of tuition for the
poor of England during the last 20 years. Manufactur-
ing competition has taxed their industry and reduced
their wages. Legislative protection for the opprebsed

labourer has been denied, or afforded only in show.
The rights of the poor, as secured by the law of Elizabeth,
have been grievously invaded. Education, mental
only, and with an exclusion of all practical or opera-
tive religion, has been sedulously cultivated. And
finally, a pestilential press, reduced to the lowest price,
and filled with all manner of corruptions, has been per-
mitted and encouraged to vomit its moral pollutions over
thelamol Birmingham And the
fromthehis
la-
bourer
employ by the growing use of women and children—
drawing his miserable sustenance, in idleness and gloom,
the whole
driven
from the murderous toil of his own infants—denied the
protection which the ancient Poor-law would have given
him, lounges away his wearisome hours at the beer-
shop, or the Socialist meeting ; and sinks into the moody,
reckless, desperate conspirator.
It is in these particulars that the social system in
England is getting out of order ; and if the hearts of
the poor are to be won buck again, it must be by show-
ing them that we care for their bodily wants and dis-
tresses ; not by cutting off the Christmas pudding of
the pauper, or by multiplying penny magazines or penny
newspapers. A single circumstance which fell under
our notice the other day forcibly impressed us with the
difference of treatment between the lower and the m:d-
dting and upper classes—a difference which must ine-
vitably breed the alienation of which this feigned la-
mentation is now made.
We are all aware of the commotion which has re-
cently been excited by the occurrence of several railroad
accidents. There is no doubt, we believe, that travel-
ling, generally, has been rendered in some degree more
secure than heretofore by the adoption of railroads ; but
still the public would not endure the slightest careless-
ness—would not tolerate the least inattention in those
who had the charge of these new means of conveyance.
Deedand upon deodand followed, as life after life was
lost, until it became almost an established doctrine, that
a casualty on a railroad must be a punishable offence.
Now, these locomotive steam-engines are chiefly used
by the middle classes, and these classes do not relish
being damaged with impunity. But there are other more
numerous and more fearful engines constantly at work,
and constantly destroying life and limb, probably to the
extent of scores in every week ; and yet no one seems to
think of a deodand on them ! But why this difference
should exist, we know not, except it be that the suffirers
in these cases are only the children of the poor.
We happened to take up the other day a Bolton
paper of the sth inst., and the first paragraph on
which our eyes lighted was the following :
" la the afternoon of Tuesday week a girl 10 years
old, named Elizabeth Pryer, was going about her work
in the Coronation cotton-mill, when she was caught

between the wheel and the wall, and one of her feet
was fractured. She was taken to the dispensary, and
the wound dressed ; but she lingered only until Tues-
day last, when she died. An inquest was held on the
body. Verdict, Accidental death.'"
( Here to!low two more extracts from the same paper,
giving accounts of similar fatal accidents to a lad of 16,
and a girl of 14 years of age.)
Here was, we will not say a week's incidents, in
the line of human destruction, but here was that
portion which fell within the knowledge of a single
local journal in a single week ! What the whole
number of victims, in all England, in the course of a
year, must be, it may be diaieult to compute ; but it

An expedition has this week left this country for
Guiana to explore and settle the boundaries of that
important colony. In order to fully understand the ob-
jects of the expedition, it is necessary to state the posi-
tion in which this country stands in reference to our pos
sessions in South America. The present colony of Bri
tish Guiana was conquered from the Dutch, and ceded
to Great Britain by the Treaty of Paris. This country,
therefore, is entitled to the same extent of territory as
was possessed by the Dutch ; and, as far as the Dutch
outposts and possessions extended, Great Britain claims
the right to extend her boundary. There had never been
any treaty between Portugal, Spain, and Holland when
in possession of this part of South America, in regard to
their respective boundaries; and as far as these powers are
concerned, they arc, therefore undetermined. The Bra.
'zilian Government, bnvvever,which is always grasping,has
lately laid clairn'to a large portion of the country claimed
by, and hitherto supposed to belong to Great Britain. They
have encroached largely on the south-western boundary
of the colony, and so barefaced have been their pro-
ceedings that they have even ventured to seiz, upon
Pirara, a sill ige in which English colonists were settled
as early as 1811, and where, as late as the
year 1838,
a missionary of the Established Church founded a Pro-

testant mission. This village has recently been taken
possession of by a detachment of the Brazilian militia, and
the mission dispersed. A second attempt of the mis-
sionary to found a mission, further eastward, on the
right bank of the Russunasic, met with a similar fate.
The Brazilians have also for some time pursued an
atrocious system of making predatory incursions into the
country, where they surprise the Indian villages by
night, set fire to the houses, carry the unfortunate in-
habitants into their own territories, and detain them in
a state of slavery. This system has been pursued for a
series of years, and is to the present day in full opera-
tion. The consequence is that the unfortunate natives,
who look to Great Britain for protection, are kept in a
state of constant alarm, and are in fact hourly exposed
to be kidnapped, as many of their countrymen have
already been.
In these circumstances, and in pursuance of the rei-
terated application of the Colonists, her Majesty's Go-
vernment has resolved to ascertain the exact boundaries
of the colony, in order both to prevent future question
with the Brazilian Government, and to enable it to afford
efficient protection to the natives living within our ter-
ritories. The Commissioner selected to execute this
duty is Mr. Robert H. Schomburgk, a gentleman of
great scientific acquirements, and well calculated for
the employment, both from his previous pursuits, and
by his extensive knowledge of the colony, to the explor-
ing of which he has already devoted several years of ar-
duous exertion. • Along with Mr. Schomburgk are as-
sociated Mr. Glascott, R.N., as assistant surveyor, and
Mr. Walton. an artist. The Baron do Humboldt, who
takes a great interest in the subject, having communi-
cated to his Majesty the King of Prussia the object of
the expedit;on, and the region which it was to traverse,
the Prussian Government applied to Lord John Russell
for permission to appoint a gentleman to the expedi-
tion, who, at their expense, would collect specimens of

natural history and plants for their institutions. The
consent of the British Government was at once given,
and Mr. Richard Schomburgk, a younger brother of
the British Commissioner, accordingly accompanies the
expedition fur that purpose.
