[BRITISH PRESS.]

The lust advices from Jamaica, via New York,
have disappointed the expectations in which we
had indulged as to the -tranquilization of the
negroes. Not only was the partial revolt of the
slaves in the Hanover district not suppressed, but,
on the 17th of June, the insurrection had spread
to several estates in the parish of St. Mary's,
and symptoms of insubordination had been mani-
fested at other places in the island. The alarm
was so great among the white inhabitants, that
martial law had been proclaimed, and every mea-
sure of precaution resorted to, for the gene-
ral safety. Some excesses had. been committed
by the insurgents, but of what character, or to
what extent, we are not informed. We may, we
fear, too truly anticipate, that many atrocities had
marked the first successes of the, rebels. All his-
tory bears witness to the horrors of every bellum
servile ; and the feelings of the colonists and their
revolted slaves are exasperated by that deep and
almost inexpressible hatred, arising from the dif-
ference of colour. We are fur from imputing to
any of our countrymen that they regard these
events but with pain and anxiety. If the spirit
which unhappily seems to be excited among the
slave population in the West Indies cannot be
suppressed ; if they cannot be effectually curbed
while the measures are brought into operation for
the amelioration of their condition ; if the mis-
chievous delusions which have, somehow or other,
been spread amongst them cannot be end ica ted,w e
are afraid that the ruin of our colonies must
ensue, and the hopes of the abolitionists them-
selves be annihilated. The duty of raising the
negro in the seek; of society, by enlarging his
knowledge and improving his morals, is fully
admitted on all hands. It is no where pretended
that slavery ought to be perpetuated. The only
question at issue is, whether in this case the old
adage may not hold good, viz. " the more haste
the worse speed." All our sympathy is not due
exclusively to the negro. Some part of our
benevolence ought to be reserved for those
who belong to our own blood. Do we for-
ward
the interest,: of the slaves by teaching them
to look with jealousy and distrust upon those
to whom, after all, the work of their improvement
must be devolved ? We do not mean to assert,
that any of the abolitionists have directly instill-
ed such a doctrine into the slaves ; but the fact
is now placed beyond a doubt by the rebellious
disposition of the negroes, that they do look upon
their masters with evil eyes, and that this feeling
has kept pace with the, activity of the efforts
made in this country, to accelerate an event
which can be matured only by the slow progress
of ageti.
