we have; any opportunity of rendering her =ervl e
Such sondlia on the part of Great Britain, most se-
cure:the edeem and gratitude of Spain forige4 and
needs not any .cOmpatison with the fiatiticuo at-
tempt of France, under her -atrocious 1-TAlrper, to
reduce her to , slavery. 'Hence, then, we may
look forward to a long, and we
_hope a perpe-
tual intercourse of friendship and mutual interest
between this country and Spain, as the latter never
can forget that, whatever is due to herself for that
noble spirit of loyalty and patriotism which she has.
displayed, the disinterested zeal and
,the powerful
aid of Great Britain, have eminently contributed
towards the glorious cause in Which she is engaged,.
and in which we doubt not, by her own resolute'
perseverance and the co-operation of this Country,
she will finally triumph over her ferocious invader.

FROM THE HAILIBURGH PAPERS.
-.Z•

to the resentment of the inhabitants, to whom he had

refused arms, on their,having dernanded them; to op-
pose the French, the Fleet had been surrendered on
certain conditions. to the English, and Softie 'Britistp(
Troops, joined by the Spanish Insurgents; had eiteped
a landing, and defeated a French corps of 8000
Men, most. of whom were killed, and the-rest put .to
flight, with the loss of their artillery, ammunition,,,
and baggage. This battle is said to-have been fought
between Madrid and Cadiz.

We cannot take leave of this subject without
adverting'to the infamous falsehood which appear-
ed in the Journals, under the coutroul of the French
Tyrant, which stated .that these gallant' Spaniards
who, ag Admiral KEATS relates, ".judigrmin't at. the
proposal cf deserting their allegiance, though sur-
rounded by hostile battalions, planted their co-
lours in the centre of a circle• they forrUed, and
4 ,
swore on their knees to be faithful to their Coun-
try," are represented by, those despicable vehicles of
slavery and 'despotism, in a pretended article from
Copenhagen, dated AugUS(3, as having Caken "-the
oath of fidelity and allegiance to their Sovereign Jo-
SEPH NAPOLEON !! !" How wretched must be the
. .
condition' of France to be kept in such lamentable
ignorance, and to be obliged to,give currency to such
infamous falsehoods !

the South of Spain another Junta i's said to
have been formed, which organizes the insurrection,
and" leads the combined operations against the
French. The new soi-disant King of Spain is said
to have refused, on this. account, to-pursue his jour=
ney to Madrid.' After:all possible 411. iriA _made,
thereport could not be traced to any:channel of au-
thenticity, as people in general here are afraid of de-
elli
claring, even tofriends, the sources 4(fheir
int-
gence, for, fear of being arrested, and perhaps obliged,
even it they should speak true, to :forfeit their lives.
Great preparations are now making at Hamburgh
for the Feast of NAPOLEON, on the 15th of Au Est;
at which BERNADOTTE, Gen. DupAS, and manyn
French, Spanish, and Dutch Military Officers,
. • ,0
to be present,
The Spanish army'in Holstein has, it is repiOrtek
been awed by all sorts of threats to do
.hoinaixe,juidt
• 0
swear fidelity to the new King'JOsPii Nixr4cor.'
—Officers were given pretty plainly t'o understand,
that, Unless they complied, they would be disarmed,
dismissed the service, and those 'who had, property'
would lose it by confiscation. - None of the offiielli
or soldiers from Spain receive any letters from tipeir
country, speaking of the 'state of things, which,' by
all -secret chantwls of information, appear to be
dredful.

IT has been stated, that Government didllot take
measures for communicating the importantevents
which had occurred in Spain till the end 'of July.
We are enabled to assert, upon the most undoubted
authority, that a communication was made by Go-
vernment to
,the Marquis DE ROMANA more than
two months ago, and that he began to take measures
•
for the liberation of the troops under his command.

Yesterday, at twelve:o'clock, his MAJESTY ar-
rived at the'QUeen's Palace; from Windsor, and was
received by his Royal Highness the Duke 4f KENT.
At two o'clock his MAJESTY held a private Levee;
gave audience to the Cabin.A Minisiers present:; Ind
left town, for Windsor, tibont half paSt tonr o'clock.
Yesterday,Sir TILOMAS TROUBRIDGE had an audi-
ence With Lord MULGRAVE at the Admiralty, the,
first time since his return from._ the East Indies,
where he has been a consideraWe time crukhing oh
board his Majesty':;- Ship Greyli-474,.iii search of his
much-larneoted father in the Blenheim.

In Hatnburgh the poverty of the inhabitants in
creases daily, and the treasury of the city milk pa*
all the- expenees that are_ to defray the celebration of
the Feast of NAPOLEON. These expences, it,is said,
will amount to near 100,000 inailcsi,--meanwhile
manx families want bread.

The total silence of the French Papers as to the state
Of the Royal Family of Spain, teods,strongly to justify
the suspicions which we lately intimated, that some-
thing fatal had befallen one or more :of them, and
that ni turn they will all be the victims of the French
Tyrant's barbarous policy. The fate of PLCHEGRU
and ToussmNT prepared the world for expecting
every thing atrocious from the Tyrant ; and that of
the Puke D'ENGHp.or still more.. As for poor
TOT.T&SAINT, it was not deemed necessary .by the
Usurper that he should take any notice of his la-
mentable end, still less that he should condescend
to give any false colouring to the termination of the'
gallant Chieftain's sufferings.
The Tipperary Yeomanry, to the amount oi .500
fine fellows, have tendered. their services to the
Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, to volunteer; as a Ai&
Corps, to assist in rescuing the gallant
.S.pduiards
from the fangs of tyranny.
• Sir CHRISTOPHER HAWKINS has .been acqilitted
pn the business of the Grampound Eleaion as well,
as• on that of Penryn, and these decisiOns favotir
orthe worthy Baronet have given general sat6faaion.
in' the County.

ST. PETERSBURGH,• JULY 16,--The day before
yesterday a Ship of theline, of 1.00 guns, and, three
Frigates were launched. They are now to be con-
veyed to Croustadt, where they will be fitted cut
for immediate service.

A Squadron, composed of se ral Sail of the Line
and Frigates, are shortly to se sail from Cronstadt,
under the orders of AChlllllll CHANNIKOF.

Of the American vessels lately , arrived here, one
was ordered away on -account of: the irregularity pr•;
her papers, but t wootbers obtained leave to unt6all
In giga se% eral neutral vessels have lately arrived
with neutral property on board..
, .

The name of the Vessel., launched on Tuesday,
was.' the Blake. This grand sight attracted the
greatest. 'number of spectators ever,. known on a
similar occasion at Deptford. The holiday folks,
in their way to Peckham. Fair, all stopped.to.view the
interesting scene. The Trinity yacht.. was moored
off-the Kin ;'s yard, for the reception of the Prin-
cess of ;AVALEs, who was attended by. the Lady in
Waiting, Lord Hoor, and a number of
Gentle-
men. Her Royal Highness came from Greenwich
in Lord Hoop's barge; to the yacht. Admiral
STANHOPE and An elegant party were in the Ad
mires o eltant booths, decorated with
colours, were fitted up for the reception of visitors,'
but these, though large, were not sufficient to con.:
tain the company, among whom were Sir RICHARD
BICICR.TON, Sir EDWARD HAMILTON, Mr. RosE,
General
°FRASER, and a long list of fashionables.
The ship went off twenty minutes before three, in
the grandest stile, amidst the acclamations of the,
by-standers. The Blake is a fine 74, of the largest
class; the figure on .the head is a bust of the brave
Admiral, .crowned with a wreath of hurrel, and on
her stern, beautifully-carved and coloured, is a Line
of Battle Ship, her top-masts all gone, engaging a
large castle of great force. She is built of fo-
reign oak.

The French Papers tell us that by Imperial De-
eras a grMt rqactis to-be formed diresttrout Paris
to Madrid, and to other parts of Spain. The French,
nd particularly Don J9sErn, have reason to tegrek
that such roads do not at present exist, as they
might hasten with greater rapidity from Spanish
vengeance, and secure their plunder.

AMSTEIpAN, JULY o'. —The intelligence
.re-
ceived here yesterday of an Imperial Decree having
been issued at Bayonne, according .to which , the
cargoes of all American stips, which arrived since
the rst of November, of last year, are to be deClared
good prizes ; but such cargoes as arrived previous
to that period, and were sequestered, are to, be sold
by public auEtion, and the proceeds 'deposited in the
Public Che 4; 'Until the necessary proofs of the pro
perty shall have been produced, has. not had any in-
fluence on our markets.

VIENNA, JULY .9..—Yestei=clay arrived here 24
. beautiful coach-horses, with which his Imperial Ma-
jesty has been presented by the King of Holland.
Accounts from Oden state, that upwards of 49,000
bales of cotton are on their way to this place., His
Imperial Majesty has 'appointed his brother-in-law,
the Archduke FiRDINAND, to be Governor of Bo-
hemia, where, according to report, the number of
troops_ are increasing. The Archduke is at the same
time Governor of Moravia and of.the Austrian part
of Silesia.
VENI,CE,- JULY t 6.--:The English have made se-
veral fruitless attempts to cut out Vessels frorri our
harbour, and to take tile Horteizsia Ship of War,
which was lying in the Port of Citta Nova,'in
For these two years past they have been in poSi4;
sion of a safe and convenient harbour in Chevio, in
Dalmatia Nand, which is known under the name of
Luffin Pousoli, and whence they infested the whole

coast of Dalmatia, Istria, Venice, and Tricate. But
Col. Domßl OUSKY has now occupied it wiih his troops
and artfllery, so that the Enemy is completely exr
cluded from that harbour.

It_would be rather surprising that BUONAPARTX
should so coolly proceed in ordinary matters relative
to Spam, after all that has happened in that coun-
try, if such condna.were nOt to be cote ,idered as a
part of that system of delusion by which he so tcli-
C 13101.154 attempts to keep France.irt ignorance of the
miscarriage of his. Spanish Expedition. • '

TRANCKFORT, JULY 26.—Accounts from:Mayence
state, that a great number of workmen are employed'
in increasing and strengthening that place and the
fortress 'of Cassel. The French Commissary at War
has also given notice, that all such persons as are de.

sirous.of delivering old linen and lint, for the use of
the hospitals, are to present, to him their tenders.
.i••
..[EltivATe:i,ETT.i.R.]' Letters froin Wesel mention that 26 companies
1 NKS Of'Til these Z'ELBe,- iLLY "....—FOr . two :.'ol f troops are expe&ed there f;om the interior of
04y.
-.---;
past, it M 7 been rumoured in a once great corn- 4,6lNice, which are to be formed into Provincial Re-
kieicial City-of Northern Germany, that the Lady .it it giments, besides seven battalions and several squa-
:, i I . •44?,..1,,;
of .au.-e-minent—Putc Merchant had Writtert`teliWP Urons of horse, whose destination is not know.n.
, bal
Ladyrof the French Minister, from Paris, that itkvas..t
,BELGRADE, JULY g.—The heavy taxes imposed
reported in the higher circles--there, that after the l .by the Ottoman. Porte on- the Christian inhabitants
. .
death of the Governorof'Cadi, who fell a sacrifice
of Livadia (ancient Greece), and the constant or

pression which they experience an the part of the

Turkish Government, have driven them to rise against
their oppressors. NicifoLAs CASPULO, a na,i;(i 6f
)IZaparzia, situated on the mountain Lacha, Or. all-
cient Olympus, is' at the head of the. insurge firs,
amounting to upwards of 12,000 men. They 10`e
y. had several smart actions with the Bashatc
.of Tiskalaf. • • .
. i•
- FRANCKFOTIT, JULY ,29.—The report of SolZou'l
having been taken poisession of by the Russians is

.without foundation. Several French Ne.wspar"
apprise, that the Emperor NAPOLEON is nat.• onli
expeaed at-Strasburgil, but that positive ordor,A bsive
been received to fit up the Palace of Goverutneut
his reception„.._
REVEL, JULY 3.--r The utmost dearth and scarcity
preVaili here. silver ruble has ari,2n from-10 to
QOB copecks current value. Several battalions an'.A
'squadrons of the Russian Army, have formed a camp
near this place. The English Make frequently their
appearance arinieekade our Roadsi but the reper
conned iu several foreign Newspapers,
of their
having bombarded this city, is without foundation:
iiiivr.,44.tC. we, to all :appearance, to apprehend- aq
nbcgnbardment. -
JULY•I7:--B,aroll /wow, our lafq
„Ambassador at the Court of St. James's, who,
irh return from England, was neither permitted t()
land in France or Holland, was allowed' to rentals in
gottenburgh on -his'arrival there, and is at pre'
' sent in Marstrand, where he is waiting fox 410-1.5'
sian Ship to take bhp come.
ALTONA, JULY the Officers and Soldiers
of the Spanish division stationed in this town and
1340ghbourhood assembled this day on the plains bel
tWeiln Himburgn and Altona to take the oath Of
allegiance_ to their Sovereign,. Brigadier-General

OERMOSILLAS, Commander of ,the said divisioo4
ordered the New Constitution to be read Qver to
them; after this was dune, all' the Officers, N°3-
cornmissioned Officers aild soldiers took the oath
the form prescribed by the Constitution, and—iar
mediately after numerous shouts wereo heard of
" Long live tlio aitig Don .I,4nirts akrol,oo2l'
and repeated with- enthusiasm by all the niiiitarY
py•esent..---(Hamb. Correspond.)

PRIVATE LETTER.
BANKS.s OF THE ELBE, Auo. 1.--The, -9f
Hamburgh and its Magistrates hid been summoned.
by the French Generals to make the most sump-
woos and splendid preparations for" the approaching
fealsl gt NAPOLEON, when the inhabitants were Or'
priyelt at seven o'clock yesterday evening by the.s.ecl'
den departure of their foreign guests. Two baits'
of Dutch troops, . and a number of artillerY
*were ordered to assemble on the grand parade 11
nine o'clock, and immediately marched out throng'
the Altona Gate, and proceeded by forced iniirche!
into Holstein. Various are the reports with resPec`
w the cause of this breaking up, but all agree in
stating that the
.Spanish army in Funen and tioliteia
have refused to take the oath of allegiance
to -their
--new sovereign, that they have risen against the,
l'Ffinch and Dutch, massacred a gee number- '.Ol
rilf;viiii and being seconded by the combined British
atitilSwedish forces in the Belts, made themselves
'fliasfd'is of the Island of Laden, and opposed a des'
per Ate resistance to their treacherous Allies. Sortie
'Stirthey have even killed sonic of their own Olti-
cers. Their General, the Marquis Ds LA RoMANA,
lies now ill at Nyborg, and has in consequence re-
fused to tako the oath: Thus public report Contra-
dids every 'statement of the Hatnbtirgh and Altoh3
Papers, •wheSe Editors have been ob,ligcclito assert
Wi that the brave-SPanish:'arMy hac,'thocitliesitation
taken the oath to the' rieW.King..' To-morrot# alto.;
ther Dutch regiment froitvliternen is to enter Ham-
burgh, which has now no othergartison than French
Bens d'armes, and Custom-house soldiers of the satile
nation. In the mean preparations .for cele-
braking the feast of N.A.poLEoisT.here are continued
with the utmost expedition. The expence attend-
; log will he to the .three Hanstowns, Lu-
beck, Brethen, and Hambureb, not less. than'
half a million of marks: Lubeck and Bremen
are to send §enators as. Deputies, .to be present .at- •
this fete: Two triumphal arches have been erected,
and, 00„00Q lamps with . all the materials for illu-
minpttinpS, fire-Works, &c. as well .as the most costly
viankkave been put in requisition. - -

atow rumoured that Marshal BERN-Ai:mgos
(Prince of of PONTE Coavo), will be created King of
iloitarrioAr., and have the chielcommand of the French
end -their Allies in Spain; to whiich Country French
and German troops have, during the la.,st fortnight,
been sent by lorced marches.

BERN ADotTE was at Travemutide, using the baths
for' the benefit of his health, when the arrival of
Couriers suddenly obliged him to set out for Relicts-
burh, of which place, according to some reports, the
801iish Insurgent Ariny may have rendered thew-
selves masters, • and turned the artillery against their
enemiei.,ift.ts much doubted whether BER NA DOTTS
will. be able to come to the festival of the .13 as '
the:Spniards Have, -by all accounts, made so uneN-
peEteddiversion.. Probably the French are noi,v,
rather weak in Holstein, as several of their Tegi".
ments in that Country have broken up within these
few, days, and are on their march with expeditions
