to such perfection, if the regulating and controlling power
be withdrawn, the increased velocity will cause the wheels to
take fire, and reform itself will be prevented by combustion and
destruction.—( Great applause.) These are the principles, to
use a much perverted word, of true conservation, which, I
trust, the people of England, enjoying so many blessings un-
der their own constitution, will maintain in the spirit of peace,
and with a desire to preserve and to uphold, and not to destroy.
Perhaps I have already said more than the occasion required.
—( Cries of "Go on, go on.")—I don't think it necessary to
say more on this point, but I will revert to one which is re-
ferred to in the address from North Shields, viz., the extinction
of slavery ; and it adds a double interest to the address, that it
was voted on that very day when the manacles of slavery fell
from the limbs of our oppressed fellow-countrymen.—( Great
applause.) I took a humble but a sincere and zealous part in
endeavouring to accomplish and carry into effect this measure.
It is true, the expence which was incurred imposes a severe
burden on the country, but I ask you, and I confidently antici-
pate your unanimous concurrence, whether it was not worth
all the money which has been given to produce so great a good,
and remove so foul a stain from the character of the nation.
—( Great applause.) Many other great and important measures
have been accomplished—many more are in promise. Yet, not-
withstanding, I know it is a common complaint, that the Go-
vernment has not fulfilled the just expectations of the people.
In answer to this complaint, I desire that you will look into the
difficulties with which we had to contend, not only in the way
of direct opposition, but from the zeal of imprudent f: iends.—
It is said little has been done, but during the two last sessions
of parliament, and those two the longest sessions of which there
is any example in history, more hours have been consumed
every week in the House of Commons than has been known at
any previous session. Many questions were introduced of great
importance, and time was not found for their discussion. They
were shut out by questions of which notice had been given. I
do not find fault with this, it was the natural effect of the zeal
of the persons who were returned to the first Reformed Par-
liament. It showed their anxiety for the public good, and was
therefore so far laudable ; but I beg you to consider, that if
every person, however good his intentions, kept the House of
Commons in the discussion of particular questions, some of
them of an objectionable nature, casting ridicule on legisla-
tion, it was natural that discussion on those measures intro-
duced by Government should be prevented. Under these cir-
cumstances, I ask you whether it is the fault of Government
that more has not been done.—( Cries of " No, no.") Here,
then, with this short notice I take leave of these subjects, only
begging you, as a second answer to this complaint, to look back
to these two sessions, and bear in mind the measures which have
been brought to perfection ; and I ask you, if, three or four
years ago, any one had told you, that at this season, not only
the measure of Parliamentary Reform, but also those other mea-
sures which were its necessary consequences would be accom-
plished, whether anybody in the British realm would have
believed it.—( No, no.) Gentlemen, I take leave of you once
more, by expressing my heartfelt thanks for your kindness.
Many men have served you with more ability than I have
done.—( No, no.) None with purer or more disinterested
motives.—( Applause.) In answer to all the calumnies which
have been heaped upon me, I desire my countrymen to view me
in the situation in which I stood before I entered office, and
compare it with my present situation—they will then see that
my motive was not to obtain anything for myself. I retire
from office with the only reward, but certainly with the best I
could possibly receive—the confidence and good will of those
before whose attention my conduct has passed. I have had
many expressions of this good will, but I can assure you with
the utmost truth and sincerity, they have come from none from
whom they could have carried greater honour or have been re-
ceived with greater pride by me, than from the present nume-
rous and respectable assembly who have not only been ac-
quainted with my public conduct but also with my private life.
It has been said that I have served the public half a century;
it was in the year 1786 when I was first returned the represen-
tative of the county of Northumberland. A period of 48 years
has since elapsed, of which period something less than 5 years
have been spent in office. I retire with that best reward, the
approbation of'my countrymen. Ido not enjoy any other of
which any living man has a right complain.—( Hear.) Here I
might expatiate at great length, but I really feel so much
overpowered by your kindness, so grateful for the honour you
have done me, that I am unable to proceed. ( His Lordship
appeared here to be much affected.) Take, gentlemen as an
excuse for all my deficiencies my sincere and lasting thanks to
you, which I offer to those gentlemen who presented these ad-
dresses, and to you, gentlemen, by whom they have been so
favourably received.--( Immense cheering followed the conclu-
sion of his Lordship's address, and continued for some time.)
A call was then made for Lord Durham, when Mr. Garret
proposed three cheers for his Lordship, which were given, and
repeated with great enthusiasm.
The Earl of DURHAM then rose and spoke as follows—lt
seems to be generally your wish that I should address to you a
few words on this most interesting, and to me most gratifying
occasion ; and if I were not induced to do so by the feelings
which have been excited in my breast by the flattering recep-
tion you have given to my noble relation, I should still feel
bound to do so by the compliment you have now paid to
myself. I assure you, that on no occasion in my public
life have I been more gratified than at the present, where
I have found justice done, not so much to my noble rela-
tion as to yourselves. You have proved to the world, that
in spite of all the calumnies which have been heaped upon
him even in this district--notwithstanding all the attempts
which have been made to lower him in your estimation—
you have seized the first opportunity to declare to the world
your sense of his great merits, and your determination to
show that at least you did not join in those calumnies.—
( Great applause.) I am also happy at this opportunity to
address you, from the circumstance that there is not one word
which has fallen from my noble relation, in which I do not
heartily and cordially agree. I thank him as an individual,
and as a man of public life, for the advice which he has given
us. I shall take it and act upon it, and with as much patience
and moderation as he wishes—( Hear, and applause)—but I
will never lose sight of the end, namely, the attainment of all
necessary reforms—l will not say the conserving but the pre-
serving of the rights of the people—that this country may be
enabled to show its head foremost amongst the nations of the
world, however high they may advance in the scale of civili-
zation. In the full sense of the advice he has given, I can
readily make allowance for the difficulties in which he has
been placed, both by the opposition of enemies and indiscre-
tion of friends ; and I may as readily state to you, and I am
sure you will heartily agree with me, that whether or not he
could have gone to a greater extent in the measures he has
brought forward, he has nevertheless always had one object in
view, namely, that of restoring the Constitution to its original
purity and consistency.—( Great applause.) Gentlemen :—I
ought to have apologised for having addressed you at this
length on an occasion which refers not to me but to my noble
relation—( Cries of " Go on, go on")—but there is one
subject to which I will briefly advert, because lam unwil-
ling that the merit of a great measure, which belonged only to
one individual, should be distributed to a number, even though
I myself should form one of that number. My noble relation
has disclaimed, with his characteristic modesty, the merit of
passing the Reform Bill. I now openly state, as I have for-
merly said it behind his back, that that measure would never
have been proposed, and I am sure it would never have been
carried, had it not been for him.—( Great applause.) I own
that I have been the ready and willing instrument of his
wishes, hut had it not been for his determination, his energy,
his confidence with the country, and his influence with his So-
vereign, without whose co-operation the measure could not
have been enacted, all would have been ineffectual. Without
his assistance, I believe in my conscience the Reform Bill
would never have been proposed or enacted. To him, and to
him alone, properly belongs the honour of this great mea-
sure ; and if laurels are to be placed on the heroes of Water-
loo or Trafalgar, those who have conquered our enemies by
land and by sea—(A laugh at the Duke of Wellington)
—I feel a great respect for the Duke of Wellington ;
for however I may differ from him in political opi-
nions, still as a military commander he must be admit-
to stand pre-eminent ; but a brighter wreath should not be
placed on the brow of Lord Nelson than ought to be justly
wreathed round the temples of my Noble relation.—( Great
applause.) Intimately connected with him as I am, lam well
acquainted with those virtues of human nature which adorn
his character, and of which he is the proudest example I have
ever seen. I know there is no one connected with him by
blood (I am only so by the ties of relationship, and those of
affection and admiration), nor of his delighted country, who
can be more gratified with the issue of this day's proceedings,
or more anxious to tender to him the tribute of affection and
esteem, than I am ; and I only hope that long years may be
spared to him, in which he may be favoured with the respect,
the love, and the admiration of his countrymen.—(lmmens
cheering.)

Three cheers were then given, and the meeting separated.
The enthusiasm displayed by the people, both inside and
outside of the hall, was great, and the Noble Earls departed
for Lambton Castle, where it is understood Earl Grey was to
remain for a few days, amidst the applause of a delighted mul-
titude.

THE CORPORATION.-LORD WINCHILSEA.-
On Saturday a special meeting of the Corporation was con-
vened, in order to prepare an address to be presented to the
Earl of Winchilsea, in admiration of his principles, and the
zeal and talents which he has uniformly displayed in the advo-
cacy of them. The High Sheriff, Sir R. Baker, in the
chair. It was carried unanimously, That the Corporation at
large should attend to present the address to the Earl of
Winchilsea, and the meeting then terminated. A gentleman
was sent to ascertain at what time Lord Winchilsea could re-
ceive the address ; but it beingimpossible for his Lordship
to remain in town, the Corporation will be under the necessity
of transmitting it to him to England.—Saunders.

Hops.—The season for picking is rapidly approach-
ing,. It is expected that if the weather continues as favour-
able as of late, the season will be pretty generally commenced
in another fortnight. Those grounds which have not suf-
fered from blight, are fast recovering from the ravages of the
vermin, and promise a fair crop. Where the plant was doing
well a month ago, the crops will be very large. The ,luty is
still on the increase, and may now be quoted at 118,000/.
Kentish Gazette.

SUICIDE.—Yesterday morning, Mr. Geo. Harris,
of No. 4, Stafford-place, Pimlico, was discovered in his bed-
room with his throat cut from ear to ear. It appears that the
unfortunate young man recently held a situation in the United
University Club, and was very much respected by its memberr.
The cause assigned for his having destroyed himself is, that a
young woman of the name of Ann Sims, who was pregnant by
another man, had reported, during his temporary absence from
London, that he was the father of her child, which, coupled
with other circumstances, had induced his friends to turn their
backs upon him. He appeared to be in excellent spirits on
Monday. The deceased was a man of good abilities, and a
contributor to several periodical publications.
