SHIP NEWS.

PoRTSMOVTII, OCT. I.—Arrived the Aurora, Thurley ; and
Itquest, from Fiume—Passed by the Allies from the Cape of
Good Hope for London.

PLYMOUTH, SEPT, A—Arrived the Eliza, Cordener, from
Peterslturgh, with her foremast sprung.
DEAL, OCT. I.—Came down from the Hirer the Flonghty.,
Lamb, fur Madras and Calcutta; Oronoko, f9r
Demerara; and Highlander, Miler, for New Providence.
Levi:taunt., SETT. z9.—Arrived the SolOn, Banks, fruit
Jamaica ; Pitt, Hamilton, from Quebec; James Monroe,
Rogers, from New Yotk ; Gleaner. Waymouth, from Nuw-
foundland; and the Manhattan, Tarr, front New Ynrls. •

Dr. LUSHINGTON had an interview with her
MAJESTY on Friday. Her MAJESTY has not yet
intimated any desire to attend the House of
Lords during the progress of her defence.
On Saturday Lord CASTLEREAGH left to
North Cray.

LONDON JOU 1 NALS.

[D.I/t EXTRACTS.]

FtOM THE MORNING PAPERS.

[Morning Herald.]

To-morrow the IlausE of LORDS resumes its
PROCEEDINGS, and the QUEEN'S DEFENCE -corn-
Several witnesses have arrived, or are
vn their way. Among them are the Countess
Oldi, and. Louis Bergarni, of both of whom ner-
gami is the brother. This versoutuge hims'elf is
sici to be within a Lent distance of the British
*tore, so that he 'nay, if necessary, be suronnioned
to appear. We shall not repeat. the contradic-
Aivns and explanations respecting the .bath and
the contiguity of sleeping roams, which, it is ru-
muured, will be given by these
wuuo.l be hardly a novelty, and, in spite of the
tAank'ple of war cotemporaties, we think it would,
bit a Ilagrant,prejudioe in a pending trial.

menc es.

[British Press.] -
The ,birth of this PRINCE: (the PRINCE of
liouttixt:st) is a circumstance to which the '
.g.:Yatest interest is attached by the friends of the
tioyal Family of France ; but we really cannot
see what increase of solidity it gives to the throne,
uo,eti we consider that the tine family of the
/juke of Ont.t.ofs were fully adequate to the
prt.servation of -the name and- honours of the
itourbons. Poor child ! he comes into the
surrontided by enemies who, we are told,
advised and attempted his destruction even in his .
mother's womb. • It is not likely that even his
presence will calm the angry passions of the French
people, or teach them to regard the govern-
ment of his family with less ardent hatred than
is now too generally entertained against them.—
his enemies are of the true Jacobin strain, whom
nu sense of generosity or pity ever induced to
iiesist from their enterprise ; his father sunk be-
:wadi the knife of an assassin, and the enterprise
shewS that the spirit of Louvel did not
him. He was born amidst alarms
and dangers, the blood of his murdered father
spiiiikled his mother in her pregnancy, -and the
' uaiiappy .Princess has ever since lived in a state
c'; splendid imprisonment, being carefully se-
cluded from the eyes of strangers, taught to be-
ii ve the object of a general conspiracy
a;Tainst her personal safety, and apprehension
ti:at every movement as a signal for her de-
f.,,;ruction.

[illornin'g Post.]
-We received last night SeAstsu PAPERs to the
19th ult. It will be seen by
:their contents that
the ARREST of General RIEGo at Madrid and his
sLibSequent banishment created much alarm and
distrust throughout the country. Had not the
Goternment displayed -a happy mixture of.firtn-
tie.* and moderation, dangerous consequences
Might have ensued. But most Commanders of
places and provinces had fortunately imbibed
the same spirit, and in the line of conduct which
they adopted, did not go beyond the real neces-
sity.' of the case. Thus peace was preserved
ai:d confidence restored, without any measure of
greater severity than the removal of a few Offi-
e4i,s from their stations. The Cortes have lately
takvd a variety of important subjects into conside-
rition. A project of law on the liberty of the
Fress, consisting of nine heads and 76 articles, has
been read a first time, and ordered to be printed.
The minute of a Decree, declaring that every
foreigner-settled in Spain, and possessed of pro-
perty in that country, shall enjoy all the rights
And 'privilegeS of a citizen, as long as he respects
and obeys the Constitution, has also been adopted.
A general Tariff of Customs has-been ordered to
lie drawn up for the whole Spanish Monarchy,
to
_tie.put in force on the Ist of January, -1821,
in_ Europe, and some months later in the Colonies.
The last, and not the least important proposition,
is one tending to grant a general amnesty, and
he perpetual oblivion of all offences committed
in this traits-marine provinces. Such a measure is
A necessary foundation for any future arrange-
z:ent which may take plate.betvieen.Spain ana
her Colonies: Without it, even negociating
nould be impossible.
l'oalay, we believe, the Friends to Changes in
G overmnents dipe together—Gentlemen and.
tinkers, • Lords and brokers, Senators and coster-
xz'ongers. Thus will the Revolution in Spain, yet
i:ardly in its first phase, be celebrated; thus will
the revolt in Naples he.. honoured, while yet the
struggle is young and bloody ; thus will the in-
fant- civil war in • Portugal, in which party is
arrnerl against party, have its appropriate honours.
Lint it does seem cruel that the lovers and patrons
of experimental innovations should forget in their
revels another class of persons who have made a
Leld effort to recover their liberties and give a
-Constitution to their country. The want of
access detracts not from their merits ; for they
yielded to physical power, and postponed per
force fln glorions design of liberating themselves
from slavery, and the land of their sires from the
despotic chains of legitimacy. Why then do the
2:oklenten, gentlemen, and ragamuffins of this fes-
tival omit the glories of the galley slaves of Civita
among their tributes of applause ? Did
not tiny rise in arms against the Laws and Au-
thorities of the State ? Did not they attempt to
burst their fetters, imposed by tyrants ? Did not
call on their countrymen to join them in the
sacred, cause of reform and freedom, of einancipa-
fon and perfect equality ? 'Why, in Heaven's
name, are they to be treated with this contutne-
iious neglect ? We will answer for them, they
~ere as sincere and hearty in the work as any
1-',-.adical at this meeting, whether he be nobleman
or convict. For the sake of consistency, there-
'fore, not to mention gratitude and justice, we
venture to sagest for this revolutionary. satur-
nalia the -following additions to the toasts
The Id, Siztern Hundred Galley Slaves Of Cieitu
ho, under the most adverse circumstances, rose to
