rnents of the Noble Vista-tine the Secietare for the Colo.
asks. Vie Noble Viscount, in ,peettinn of the Orders in
Count:if, and the necessity cf their being adopted by the
'annies possessing local legislatures, had declared that it
avas in conformity with the principle of the resolutions of
1523; and as he had stated in the despatch which was
sent oat with them, that the orders were rendered neces-
nary, 4-a: the concurrence of the Legislature in their pro-
ne:id), at the time the resolutions were agreed to. If the
2'.;(4.1.e Viscount meant to say that Parliaraent pledged
itself at that time to any course at all reeembling that
-which had been pursued by the present Government, he
(La rd Seaford), as one of those who gave his full concur-
rence to those resolutions, begged ertost d;staacaly to deny
that he bad any knowledge of such a ttledge.--e _ r
ear.,—
In an that was contained in the aesoiutions cf as
proposed by Mr. Canning, he (Lord See Par) fully and
entirely cencurred. To all aml every measure for the im-
provement of the moral and. soniai condition of the slave—
far the protection and eniattOernent of his civil rights, and
for defining the period enc which slavery was to cease atto-
gether ; as far as that, peried could he defined it 'Consistence
with the well-be'.ng of the slave hints" end the fair and
equitable adinstment of the rights of private property—to
all measttres of that de,crireinn, or for that end, be Ilad=.
given "his sup/nest bet to the Orders in Couttoil, as
promulgated by the present Government, he had nen nor
could wet give Isis support, nor had he e.t any time Conti-
dared lairnsetf pledged to support them by voting, for the
Resolution of 1823. He had net pledged hilted: to the
Orders, because no measure of seen a clateneter—con-
aaected as it was with a threat of fiscal 'punishments in the
event of refusal—wan in the ceratemplation of the Mem-
bers of Parliament who coneenered in the resolution!, anal
none such were alluded tn. or within the contemplatitta 'of
Mr. Canning when he 'proposed them.—(lleintit-.car.) It
would require more time than he ecestifi :enure to exact
from their Lot dsk.ips to go into flee bole of the docu-
ments thnengh which this view of the question could be
'tuPP(trtaa:a. He would eavtely refer to the course pursued
by 7:r. Canning hirnaelf, who, in speaking of the appli-
tation of the °gofers to the island of Trinidad, de:demi it
was as experiment; or, as be afterwards said-) an: example,
throtenh which to looked at no distant penicd fur the co-
eperation and concurrence of the ialands which possessed
Legislative Assemblies. And he added, " I cannot believe
that much time will elapse before we shall learn that the
planter of Jamaica is anxiously employed in mutilating
the endeavours of the Government of Trinidad. to ineophove
the condition cf his negroes." Now, what Sad been the
course pursued by the Noble Viecount, wit° boasted that
he was treading in the steps of Mr. Canning, and in ful-
filment of the resolutions of 188 ? Dial he wait for the
operation of the experiment he was trying in St. Lucia on
Trinidad, before he insisted on its adoption by the planter
of Jamaica ?—( Hear.) Did he take time to allow the
salutary influence of the Orders to be evident in the Crown
Calenies 'eefore he required theie adoption by the old Colo-
nies? No. He sends cut thy Orders accompanied with a
afeepatch, in which he requires that, without loss of tim',
they s'houlal have all the force of law. Instead cf waiting
to see the effect of example or experiment, he visits them
at once with roercion—(Hear, hear) --for what other
name could he applied to their exclusion from that boon
which a Cemmittee of the House of Commons had thought
justly due to the sufferings of the colonists, and their
claims on the Legislature ? He would ask, therefore was
the Noble Viscount justified in saying that he -acted in
conformity with the resolutions of 1823 ? Mr. Canning
threatened to adopt measures of severity ; but it was in a
case which he hoped never to 'see realized, and which
had not been realized, The Noble Viscount threatened
now, but under what d'fferent circumstances.-
1' Hear, hear, hear.) He (Lord Seaford) did not
mean to stand op as the indiscriminate dc'etarler of ail that
was said and done in the Colonial Assemblies, or of the
manner in which they had at various times received the
peopositiens of the Government. But if the Members of
the Assemblies had occasionally exhibited heat and a want
of command of temper, there had been no want of exhibi-
tMlis of the same qualities with part of their ad-
versaries. It had been at times acknowledged,
by all Governments, that with a view to the advantages
of ultimate and complete emancipation, nothing should
be done which would destroy the geed, understanding
between the planter anal the slaves, and that no means
were to he adopted which could in any way endanger the
tranquillity of the colonies:, or affect the security of pro-
perty. The Orders in Council, however, were calculated
to produuce the very reverse of all that, They had put
au end to all confidence—they bad in tLktir consequences
effaced all feelings of security ; and this was one of the
main causes of the resistance offered to their acceptance.
It had been said that the planters did nothing towards for-
warding the wishes of the Gevernment and the people of
this country ; that they adopt no steps towards the melio-
ration of the condition of the slave. Was it necessary to
remind the Noble Viscount of the progress which had been ,
made on that point, without which all others would be
unavaiiing—lhe thorough religious instruction of the
negro ? Was it necessary to remind him th it the Bishops
of Barbados end Jamaica had botb, in their reports to the
Government at borne, expressed thernselvei perfectly sa-
tisfied with what had been done by the planters and the
tealonial legislatures with referenee to that all-important
question ? Was it necessary to refer to the number of
churches and chapels that Led been everywhere raised for
the use of the negro throughout the Colonies ? In further
confirmation of this—if confirmation it wanted—he could
appeal to the most Rev. Prelate (the Archbishop of Canter-
bury), the President of the Society for affording Religious
Instruction to the Negro, whether the communications of
the Missionaries, and all the correspondence of the Society,
did not show that on this point the instruction of the
slave mat with no obstacles.—(Hear.) He (Lord Seaford)
adro'ntrai that the Orders :n Council enforced many just
and humane regulations, bat was it not fair to acknow-
ledge that the colonists bad not been slow in the tooth of
liberality and justice ? Why, had the House not heard
of that seta passed spontaneously by the assembly of Ja•
maica., which at once got rid of all disqualificatiens on ac-
count of colour by aboli,hing the necessity of taking oaths,
and that, toe, in a country where the prejudices of colour
anal of caste necessarily prevailed more strongly than in
any other where slavery existed ? Mr. Canning, in one.
of his eloquent appeals on this subject, had reminded the
House of Commons how much tte difficulties of the ques-
tion of Negro Emancipation were aggravated by purely
physical distinctions ; distinction 3 greater than those which
prevailed in any other country on the face of the globe;
and yet the colonists, who were now unjustly charged with
a want of liberality and good feeling, had triumphed over
these distinctions, and admitted, spontaneously admitted,
the negro to a participation in all the privileges
enjoyed by themselves. Was it necessary to remind
their Lordships cf the Jiff rence between the conduct
of the colonists and the more unimpassioned legislators
in the mother country ? He would ask what time
elapsed between the proposition for the emancipation of
the Roman Catholics, supported as it was by the ereatest
statesmen anal orators of which the country could Ever
boast, and the final removal of the disabilities which the
law impesed on them ? Why, from the debates in the
year 1805, when one of the strongest Ministries the
country had ever seen was compelled to yield to popular
prejudice on this subject, full twenty•five years elapsed
before those prejudices were overcome.—( Hear, hear.)
What had, however, een the conduct of the West Indians
From the year 1823, not seven years were suffered to
elapse before they spontaneously removed all disablities on
account of caste; and although no general election had
taken place since that removal, he could assure their Lord-
ships that a brown man was now the representative of
one of the most opulent parishes in which his estates
were situated ; and he had heard that another gentleman
of colour alas occupied a seat in the Assembly.—(Hear.)
The triumph over all prejudice, in this instance, was com-
plete. The amalgamation of the two colours in the en-
joyment of ail social advantages was speeding onwards ;
and he had little doubt, it their Lordships, the Legislature,
and the Gayer ittnent would have but a little patience and
abstinence from violence, that the solution of the problem
would at length he perfect, and that all which the most
strenuous abolitionist could require would be effected
through the gradual progress of civilization. He might
enumerate other instances of the superior degree of liber-
ality exhibited by the colonial legislatures, compared
with that of the mother-country. An Hon. Member of
the House of Commons had introduced a Bill for removing
the disabilities of the Jews during the last year. Their
Lordships knew the fate of that Bill, while the Assembly
of Jatnaiea had, on the contrary, long since removed all
civil distinctions between the Jews and any other class of
their fellansocitizsns.—(Hear, hear.) He might enume-
rate many other instances of the same spirit, but it
was scarcely necessary. Did the Government suppose
that it could carry into effect tl-e resolutions for the eman-
cipation of the slaves without the assistance of the colonists
If it did, it was mistaken. It could effect nothing beneficial'
without their cordial cooperation. He would beg leave
to quote to their Lordships the condo-ion of Mr. Canning's
speech on this subject. Mr. Canning, on summing up,
said, "It we are to do good (which I earnestly hope and
sincerely believe we may), it is not to be done lay 'sudden
an) violent measures—but by efforts of a patient anti corn-
paratively tame character ;
by measures slow in their pro-
gress, bat steady and sure in their operation ; treasures
which must be carried into effect, rot by a few individuals
of rare talents, and conspicuous zeal, bat by the great
body of those whom the advocates of the flare distrust
and seem disposed to put ist.i4it. Ye', Sir, if th. eon di-

tion of the slave is to be Unpaved, that improvement must
be introduced through the medium of his master. The
masters are the instruments through whom, and by whom,
you must act upon the slave population : and if by any
proceedings of ours we shall unhappily place between the
slave and his master the barrier of insurmountable hosti-
lity, see shall at once put an end to the best chance of
etr.incipenion tr even of amendment. Instead of diffusing
gradually oser those dark regions a pure and salutary light.
we may at once kindle a flame eery to be quenched in
blood." It might be thought by some of their Lordships,
that this was but a doubtful authority, since this very
speech bad been 'looted by the Noble Lord who was the
organ eT 'Government in the other House of Parliament.
Ile quoted it, hawcver, because he attached great weight
to the authority of Mr. Canning, thotegli not more than,
he believed, it deserved, to than it was admitted to deserve
by every man of staisn. Be the authority, however, wh,..,
it osigitt,l:l;i: observations were so rational as. ~,,, ,a,,,, t,,,L,
natne to recommend them. He coolsi an,otaaort fltei.kt sy
tine
authority of another great man, wbsale lian)e, he was sire,
would hove great weight, with Illany of their Lordship.,
rind partitu!ttniaa With nilone of the aitetiaNinn .1,1 the Cabinet,
wh',ne principles too waild Ore tlneight to what he said—
lee twant that great etattiaman Mr. Fox, who said, in one
of his speeches net the question of the abelition of slavers-,
‘"l'hat rlin idea of an Act of Parliament to emancipate.
Ote slaves without the consent and tooneutrent fenlitillte
of all parties, both in the colonies Laid 511 lotto tountro,
could only lead to the room 'mischievous conse-
quences.—(Htato mat-. ,erte) It would be totally
irrelevant it. ttOttit• and impossible in execution." The
Grinerin riTnitancil, as it was intended to be enforced try
government, seemed to him to be a measure to which
the language of Mr. In x would apply. He wished the
Government to follow Mr. Fox's ndvine, and not en-
deavour to emancipate the slaws, unless it tarried with it
t' e consent an I concurrent feelings of all parties inte•
rested in the colorise, as well as in this country. Ile
appealed to the Noble Earl to remember the words of Mr.
Canning, and profit by the warning he had leiven ; for
alreedy the flame had been kindles+, end had been ex-
tinguished in blood.—(her:, Near.) We had found the
inconvenience —we had suffered some of the threatened
calamititra-a-and tat them he careful that it did not again
M'Clit and -extend to other islands. He conjured them
, to attend to the prophetic warning he lid quoted, and
Inot allow the opinions of spills individuate liostite to the
colonists to induce them to persist in oara.sures likely to
1 be attended with silt+ i!reasfful consequences. He cen•
jured them to been the work of conciliation ; to se with
their own `etas, and they would find that there wan less
resort to complain than was sometimes stated. He
conjures! them to take the present opportortity of a change
of government in one island to height. a different system, to
send out his Noble Friend, Who was going to govern Ja-
maica, with the olive branch, that he might adopt con-
ciliatory 'moron-es with the legislature of the island, bring
hark the slaves to subordination, and re-establish security
of property, and, perhaps, restore that prosperity
which had formetly existed. He certainly should
support his Neal& Friend's,. motion. The knowledge
possessed by the pale of the situation of the inhabitants
of the Colonien, was not correct, and the West Indies
thetrnelates desired and courted inquiry.—(llear.)
The Archbishop of CANTERBURY rose to address
the House ; but was interrupted by a message being an-
nounced from the House of Common., to which the most
Rev. Prelate gave way; and Mr. Spring Rice and others
'Taught up the Irish Tithe Bill, and the Payment of
Debts in Execution, and another Bill. The messengers
having retired—the Archbishop proceeded :—Having
been appealed to by his Noble Friend (Lord Seaford) he
could not avoid, in justice to the Colonies, saying a few
words. During the time that he was Bishop of London,
he was President of the Society for Promoting Religious
Instruction amongst the Negroes. Certainly the Society
looked forward to the emancipation of the slaves and the
extinction of slavery as the greatest benefit which could
be confer:n.l on the slaves and their masters; and the So.
ciety had thought that this object might best be promoted
by the improvement of the slaves. He was happy to say
that the efforts of the Society had been seconded by the
planters themselves ; and he had been much indebted to
his Noble Friend for his advice and assistance. The So-
ciety had been much assisted by clergymen being appointed
to the Colonies and by the Colonial Legislative. That of
Barbados in particular had contributed to this good work.
In the course of Li years a greater number of churches
had peen built and schools established than in any other
countty in the same space of time. There were schools
for every description of persons. Alter the late disaster,
it had been estimated that it would cost 40,000/. to repair
the churches and schools in Barbados alone.—(hear.)
If he had expected to be called en, he should have come
down prepared, and should have been Ale to state many
facts to illustrate the assistance the Society had received
from the Colonies.
The Duke of WELLINGTON said, in consequence of
the assent given by she Noble Lord to the motion of his
his Noble Friend, he should not have troubled their Lord-
ships at all, hut for some of the observations of the Noble
Viscount. Ile hal beard with great satisfaction the able
and impressive statement made by the Nettle Lord who
, had last addressed their Lordships, as well as the obser-
vations of the most Reverend Prelate, in support of the
views taken by the Noble Lord. It was natural that
the West India body, whether they resided in this country
or in the Islands, should desire that a solemn in-
quiry should be instituted into the circumstances of
their prt sent condition. They were suffering great dis-
tress, broueht on hy a long-continued course of neglect—by
many misfcr une., and now at last by a most formid-
able rebellion, adding to their other misfortunes, and
quite destroying the value of their property. He con-
ceived that these reasons were sufficient to make their
Lots:ships go into an inquiry into the circumstances of
their situation, and into the acts of the Government at
home with respect to the legislatures of the islands. Is was
natural that the West India body should desire such an
inquiry, and it could not be possible but that such an in-
quiry, conducted as it could be by their Lordships, must
lead to results satisfactory to that body and the public.
He would first state that the question more immediately
under consideraticn had been introduced in 1823 to the
notice of the Legislature of this country, and what had
been said that night was not altogether correct. It had
been stated that since that period nothing had been done
by the legislatures of the colonies ; but he would affirm
that there was not one of the colonial legislatures which
had not taken some steps to carry into execution the reso-
lutions of the legislature of this country. Every step
which had been required by this Legislature had been taken
by some one or other of the colonial legislatures, with the
exception of the resolution relative to compulsory ma-
numission, and against that they had appealed to the
Privy Council. He must say, therefore, that the party of
the colonists had some reason to complain, when it was
stated that they had taken no measures to carry into effect
the Order in Council. It was equally clear that the other
party bad some reason to believe that all these orders might
be carried into effect, since most of them were in some place
or other ; but they should wait till they could be adopted.
Under these circumstances, be must confess that he had
al,ays considered that, soon( r or later, every thing that
party wished, every thing they could reasonably desire,
would be done in time by the coloni it legislature', if the
Parliament persevered in pressing en their attention those
measures, without employing any violence, and avoiding
all disposition to quarrel or use harsh means.— (Hear.)
That was the principle on which the Government acted of
which he had the honour to he a member. In no in-
stance
had that Government endeavoured to force any
measure on the Colonial Legislature, further than by 1
employing recommendations—urgent recommendations—
to carry into effect the resolutions of the Parliament of
this country. The N.ble Lord had stated that the only
attempt which had been honestly made, was by the Go-
vernment. He mild not think the late Government could
he called dishonest. It had given its honest support to
the resolutions, and, as he said before, with the exception
of the one point on which nothing bad been done, these
resolutions had been carried into effect in some one or
other of the islands. Orders in Council had been sent out
which, he thought, would settle the question, and he was
satisfied would settle it as far as the Crown colonies were
concerned. He could not say what those orders were ;
but if the matter had been arranged in the Crown colo-
nies., he had no doubt that it would soon have been settled
al-o in the colonies with independent legislatures. It was
the duty of the Government to legislate for the Crown
colonies by Orders in Council, but he hail never beard of
orders in Council for the other colonies. They could
require Orders in Council to be obeyed in the Crown
colonies, but he had never heard of such orders being en-
forced in those colonies which had legislatures of their
own. When he was in office, certainly it was never intended
to enforce those Orders on these latter colonies; but only,
by way of example, to show them, from what was done in
the Crown colonies, that no danger was likely to ensue
front their adopting the Orders in Council. Moderate and
slow measures were mote likely to be beneficial, as had
been stated by the Noble Lord (Seaford), and suppot ted
ri
baet
inxyodtuti
extinguish
oualaieusdnht:tipsotldvet yeatrsooyufrben l r. Canning and Mr. Fox, than hasty
.
circumstances. any
other
Parliament
thanlht
aa
had had i no e‘ty,n eeprvr
eni
ing. t
reei nc:dt,ee
nde
ad
uet
do-
by force to extinguish slavery ; for that was, in the pre-
, sent circumstances of the colonies, to extinguish property.
It never was intruded to extinguish slavery and property,
, and not give a compensation to the owners of that too.

petty. He had hoped for an amelioration of slavery by
the means proposed ; he had hoped that the condition of
the slaves would be much but gradually improved, and that
slavery would be gradually extinguished; but the Parlia-
ment had never contemplated the compulsory extinction
of slavery, or anything which was to destroy the property
of their proprietors. That was the view taken by Mr.
Canning; and any Government which attempted to enfoice
the extinction of slavery by Orders in Council went beyond
its duty. He had heard of enforcing that of fiscal regu
lationa.—a measure which ought never to be adopted.
Those islands which did not obey the Orders were to be
taxed, while timee which did were to escape.—(Hear,
hear.) Did any person ever hear of taxes heir- •
for such a purpose before ? a entoreal"
-vfiona!tc; Web tra-
posed only for the
-.antra isr 41,a §asea —(i-tear.) . If they
were - „- •
*4T"';'l;7 rot tit's.lea'Attee of the ts'O-tf =r C;od'sna.le!
¶s. b'.3 paid • brit if: trae'y r.-re not necessary, they
'ain'glit 'not tO be I an: the 4.lgislattire ought not to im-
pert;
lieSe'thern ; all, it ought not to impose them as a pii-
'ni'atllenr.—(Hear.) But on whom was this punishment to
he inflicted? Why, we should have to pay these taxes, and
the people of England would actually have to pay the
taxes which were awarded as a penishrrent tha N'!est
Indiane.--(Heae, hear.) . could rot believe the Le-
gislattsre tratiid Matt a proposition if it were made
by C-oVeti'ment, for it was such a one as had never yet
been recognised by Parliament. He was not surprised,
under such ciieumstinces, that the West India body de-
sired that the whole matter should be inquired into by a
Committee of that House, in order that the inquirien might
lead to doing them justice) anti to ascertaining what part
of the measures' retomntended by Parliament they had
tarried intd execution. There were other reasons why
Ibis subject required serious attention. Their interest had
been much neglected. No doubt whatever could be enter-
tained th it the taxation cn their produce was excessive,
for, with the exception of the small reduction made in
1929. Vitt taxation had been reduced very little below
What it was during the war. That alone was a sufficient
reason for inquiry—(Hear, hear)—to see if there were no
means of giving relief. Let their Lordships look at the
situation of property in that country. He would state to
them the particulars of one property in tire island of Ja-
maica which was fortunately unincumbered with any
debts, which was the case with very few estates. The
property consisted of 996 acres, whereof 176 acres were
cultivated with sugar. The Noble Duke also stated the
number of slaves of different ages employed on it, but it
was not distinctly heard in the gallery. The whole pro-
duce of this estate was sold in England for 6,010/., and
what proportion of that did their Lordships suppose went
to Government? Tee duty of Government amounted to
2,960/., being 50 per cent. on the value of the gross pro-
duce. The expenses of agency, brokerage, insurance, 84c.,
amounted to 1,000/.; it cost that to transport it by sea to
England. The supplies sent out from England for the
estate amounted to 772/. There was money sent to the
agent at Jamaica for various expenses, 561/. Altogether
the whole of the disbursements amounted to 5,2821., leav-
ing to the proprietor the sum only of 7281. This was in
a good year; in an ordinary year he would not get more
than 600/. If tl:e season were bad, or if the crops failed,
he got nothing. It was most desirable that all these facts
should be investigated by a Committee of that House. It
was very desirable that property in the West Indies, like
all individual property, should be insured protection. It
ought to be protected by the Legislature as well as any
other property of individuals which existed in this country.
The House, in its anxiety to abolish the slavery of indivi-
duals, should not forget that the subject involved—not
merely the slavery of individuals—but the property of in-
dividuals, and property entitled to their Lordships' protec-
tion. The public mind ought to be carried back to the
nature of this property, and be made aware of what the
consequences would be, not only to individuals, but to the
property of the people, by any measures for carrying into
effect by farce t':e resolutions for the abolition of slavery.
It was a fact and truth, that it would be the destruction
of individual property to extinguish slavery. Without
the slaves that proporty would be nothing for the owners ;
without slavery, it must be admitted that neither the
owners, the public, nor the individuals engaged in the cul-
tivation could be sustained in life. It was surely time for
their Lordships to make inquiry, and bring forward such
a report as would lay the whole matter clearly before the
public. Ile would support the motion of his Noble Friend,
and should he prepared to give every assistance in his
power to further the objects of the Committee.
The LORD CHANCELLOR could not, with the opi-
nions he entertained on this subject, allow it to pass with-
out saying a few words. He did not mean, however, to
go into the discussion at length, because he understood that
it was the intention of the Government to comply with
the motion of the Noble Lord, and, agreeable to whit he
understood to be the wish of the majority of their Lord-
ships, to grant a Committee. It would be proper to wait
for the report of that Committee before entering into toe
discussion ; and he would only say a few words to guard
their Lindshipa against being carried away by the miscon-
ceptions of the Noble Duke and his Noble Friend. He
could assure his Noble Friend that he did not need the au-
thority of Mr. Canning and Mr. Fox to yield assent to his
statement. He had never contemplated fier one moment
a sj rem of compulsory emancipation ; and he did not be-
lieve that any man was so wild as to recommend a com-
pulsory emancipation of slaves. He had only wished to
lay the ground for a progress towards freedom, by taking
such steps as would prepare the slaves for its enjoyment.
He wished so say a few words on the observation of the
Noble Duke as to what had occurred in the chartered
colonies relative to the adoption of the Orders in Council.
The N ble Duke said that there was not one of the resolu-
tions which had not been adopted in some one of the colonies.
Now if it should happen that there were fourteen or fifteen
of these resolutions, and fourteen or fifteen colonic 5, he
might admit that the propositions of the Noble Duke was
correct, and yet be might assert that, is fact, those resolu-
tions, if carried into execution, were next to nothing. lie
could suppose that tato or three of these resolutions were
of importance; and all the others of comparatively little
consequence, it might happen that the twelveor thirteen tri-
fling ones, would he adopted, and the two or three in:-
portant one be wholly overlooked and neglected. lie lie-
lieved that such was the case. The Noble Duke was
likely to fall into a mistake by adopting the seeming legis-
lation, the legislation by evasion, a legislation that pre-
tended to du and yet did not, for the real carrying into
effect an important measure. He would quote, as an
example, the measure adopted as to admitting slave evi-
dence. There was no doubt that in most of the colonies,
and more or less the resolution to admit shave evidence had
been adopted by the colonial legislatures ; but it had been
adopted with various restrictions. For example, it was
enacted that slave evidence should be admitted, but it was
required that the slave witness should bring with hint a
certificate from the clergyman of his parish) that he was a
fit and proper person to give evidenc... The credibility of
the witness ought to be left to the Judge and the Jury. It
sometimes happened that the slave did not go to church,
but to a meeting-house, and there was, in some cases, an
aversion to receive the certificate of a sectarian minister.
Another case of restriction was, that a slave should bring a
certificate from his overseer that he was a fit and proper
parson to take an oath. With respect to the late insurrec-
tion which hail taken place in Jamaica, no man could lament
it more than he did ; but at the same time he must alto-
gether deny that that insurrection in any way arose from
the measures adopted by the Government with respect
to the Colonies. As to the inquiry that was asked for, he
was of opinion that it was unnecessary, and that no benefit
to the West India interests wouA be derived from it; but
at the same time, the picture that was drawn of the dissa-
tisfied condition of the islands made him most unwilling to
refuse that which it was supposed would be of advantage;
and he therefore was ready to give his consent to the ap-
pointment of the Committee. There was one thing, how-
ever, of which he was quite sure, that the effect of the in-
quiry of the Committee would be to show that the Noble
Duke had been altogether misinformed as to what had been
done in the Colonies, and what had been omitted there.
His Noble Friend had alluded to the speech of Mr. Can-
ning in 1824: now, with respect to the conclusions which
his Noble Friend had drawn from that speech, he (the Lord
Chancellor) could not altogether concur in them ; but at
all events, whatever interpretation might be put upon the
observations of the Right Hon. Gentleman, he would take
leave to observe, that what might be a very good argument
in 1824 might be a very bad argument in 1832, owing to
the change of circumstances that might have taken place.
Lerd ELLENBOROUGH, after the observations that
had fallen from the Noble and Learned Lord, doubted
whether the inquiry of this Committee would be of any
benefit to the West India interests ; for if the Government
intended to enforce the Orders in Council, notwithstanding
the report of the Committee, notwithstanding the testimony
of the witnesses, and notwithstanding the remonstrances of
the legislative assemblies, there could be no doubt but that
the appointment of the Committee would be nothing more
than a mockery and a delusion. Allusion had been made
to Mr. Canning's policy ; but, whatever fault might be
found with it, this he would say in its favour at all
events—that it never was Mr. Canning's intention to adopt
any decisive steps with respect to the West Indies, with-
out the sanction of Parliament being given to those steps.
Such, however, was not the course of the present Govern-
ment, for they had sent out the most peremptory Orders
in Council, without for one moment staying to consider
whether such Orders were in accordance with the senti-
ments of the Imperial Parliament. The object of the present
Government seemed to be disunion and disaffection; and

Annexed is a Schedule of the Roads under our charge, and
an Account of the Receipts and Expenditure made up to the
'2sth of December, 1831, agreeably to the provisions of the Act.
Office of Public Works, J. F. BURGOYNE.
Custom.house, Dublin, BROOK T. OTTLEY.
March 1.2, 183:1 JOHN RADCLIFF.

ABSTRACT, showing the Extent of Roads in each County,
under the Management of the Commissioners for the Ex.
tension and Promotion of Public Works in IRELAND, as
Commissioners under the Act Gth Geo. IV. c. 101.
M. F. P.
County of Clare
Ditto Galway
Ditto Roscommon l4 0 0
Ditto Mayo
Ditto Leitrim
Ditto Limericl- 3O 7 0
Ditto Kerry 53 0 38
Ditto Cork
Ditto Tipperary

Miles WI 4 2

Office of Public Works, HENRY R. PAINE,
Custom-house, Dublin, Secretary
March, 1832.

GENERAL ABSTRACT of the RECEIPTS and EXPEN
DITURE of the Commissioners for maintaining certain
ROADS and BRIDGES in IRELAND, in carrying into
execution an Act passed in the (ith Year of the Ileign of his
late Majesty Geo. IV. c. 101, during the Year ending 23th
December, 1831.

it, the Secretary for the Cs°l°• tion of the slave is to be improved, that rinprovemeet must / peaty. Ile had hupafl for an amelioration of slavery by certainly, if thin ohiect succeetleJ—if the blacks ehouid be' 130LA.Nb.
m i
in smelting of the Orders in he introduced through the medium of his master. The the means proposed ; he had boned that the condition of induced to rise against the whites—he, for one, should
a •
s' their being adopted by the masters are the instruments through whom, and by whom, the slaves would be much but gradually improved, and that hold the present Ministry responsible the an the outreees that 7'o THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.
:islitures, had declared that it you must act upon the slave population : and if by any slavery would he gradually extinguished; but the Parlia- might be committed, In ats opinion, the sending' silt, ,
West India Islands was a sufficient proof of the terniatis-
principle of the resolutions of proceedings of ours we shall unhappily place between the merit had never contemplated the compulsory extinction one set of Orders in Council for the whole the
by Mr. factory mole in which the , GoVernaneat reel proceeding national presentindependeanned
in the despatch which was slave and his master the barrier of insurmountable hosti- of slavery, or anything which was to destroy the property
oßnue7t,ALeatlßeptriiirsee'ecent proclathation or the Emperor of
e orders were rendered recce- lit}, we shall at once put an end to the best chance of of their proprietors. That was tic view taken
and other cironstances, it was physically
e.pity
Fs tooarft e
whoe ov of
r 1 iy
111 aant
lover d
r,
oec'fna
re-
the Legislature in their pro_ , em incipation or even of amendment. Instead of diffusing Canning; and any Government which attempted to enfoe ce with respect to the colonies; ; far owing to the differtnee of ftli
irssete:oi exciteomh isanad
collection the great, and glorious, and patriotic achieve-
tions were egreed to. tf the gradually ogee those dark regions a pure and salutary light. the extinction of slavery by Ordersin Counci went beyond habit, climate,
mints, which but a year since shed' so brilliant a lustre on
say that Parliament pledged we may at enee kind a flame only to he quenched in its duty. He had heard of enformng that of fiscal regu impossible for the same set of rules to serve for so many the conduct of the Poles —who that remembers their
nurse at all resembling that' blood." It might be thought by some of their Lordship', latione.--a measure which
ought never to be adopted, variations ; be, therefore, trusted that the Noble Viscount energetic exertion's, and their endurance of all evils in be-
( the Pm:sit Government, he that this was but a doubtful authority, since this very Those islands which did not obey the Orders were to be would at least give 0-
-Jo a pledge that the recommenda- half of the integrity of their country—can tail to syrup.
hose l'elm gave his full concur- speech had been quoted by the Noble Lord who was the taxed, while_ thoee which did were toesotoe.--(Hear, ft::
0; the Committee should be adopted by the Govern- thine with them now, Yellen they ate defeated, tbotigh not
begged "most d;atMctly to deny organ cf 17;ot-eminent in the other House of Parliament. Iftiar.) Didany person ever hear, of taxes ^
e enterreal inefin In order that the Members of the 'Comnetittee might vanaitisksed; allies from their native soil, out not the
of such a ttledge.—(Etear.)— 'tie quoted it, however, because he attached great weight • • suchda purposeorb, before ? He_ •,..„,..3.,1c;
,t0.....t.
xr- Web, im- latve the eleisfantiCei of ;triew'eig that the's, were not idling
the 'resolutions cf In'a.3, as to the authority of Mr. Canning, thongle not more than, pose only f t _ slaves of a foreigner ? And shall we—shall Englishmen—
were .......,„. ,
~_ . -ea.,
..7teseittne tteatttettetes7..-Catear.) If they theia, tithe away without the prospect of any practical who have so often perilled our lives, our fortunes, in be-
he (Lord Seefares fully and he believed, it deserved, ee Than it was admitted to deserve
e - ent'a,s feta tens ter ice of the et tate, it Cod's name . restart. half of the honour of our nation, it supinely down and
ana every treasure for the im- by every men efsatetees Be the atithoriey, however, w ,s . „ ae .s
as l -se tl-ersal'ne patine but if they We're not necessary, they Viscount GODERICH, in explanation, disclaimed any allow the infraction of those solemn treaties and compacts
seenieri condition of the slave— it tetigitt, Viei; observations were so rational as. ae ea,,,,„.,ti t,,,, i ,
aright not to be paid; and the ta egislature ought not to im- intention of disregarding the evidence that might he ad- which were guaranteed by our Ministers at the treaty of
'ernent of his civil rights, and ' name to recammend them. Ile collie's ennteeasettesesse tey fhe TiCse'thern ; atom all, it ought not to impose them as a pit- ducat before the Committee ; but, on the other hand, lee Vienna? That treaty determined the nationality of Poland,
shill slavery was to neaste atto- authority of another great mans whnse natne, he wes sure, nib event.—(Hear.) But on whom was this punishment to cou'd not enter into any pledge that the recommendation in the teeth of whtch Russia has. proclaimed that that
could bedefinedie consistence would have great weight, With :steely of their Lentshipe, be inflicted? Why, we should have to pay these taxes, and of the Committee should be adopted, nationciity is et an end; has laughed to scorn the
;lave hints" 'lnd the fair and I and nartiettlettlee With entree of the 'reenalaiess, saf the Cabinet, the people of England would actually have to pay the Lord r YI-7 V 0111 i addressee' a few remarks to the plighted faith of the great powers of Europe; and threatens
rights °I. private property—to I win-Be paineiples too wOhld give ';eight to what he said_ taxes which were awarded as a peniebtecnt t 0 th"_,. rest Itou,e, but was nearly inaudible in the gallery. We to make the name and influence of England a by-word
'At°, or for that end, he had ! lea tee ent tbat geeat etateeman Mr. Fox, who said, in one Indiana.—(Hear, bean) . ji.j! could not believe the Le- understood his Lordship to say, that he had tea- and a laughing-stock to the world. Let those Members
o the Orders in Cinite-A, as ,of his speeches 'en the question of the abolition of slavers esislatere Weetint easeet such a proposition if it were made sons far hoping that it would come out in the Coen- of the House of Common', who take an interest,—and God
Government, he had ain't nor '' That the idea of an Act of Parliament to emancipate, by C-otaerltnent, for it was such a one as had never vet mittee, that the Orders in Council were unnecessary ; and forbid that any Englishman should not take an interest in
nor had he at area' tittle conai- i the sieves without the consent and raneutrent resalitnte been recognised by Parliament. He was not surprised, if they were unnecessary, then were they certainly improper. what so nearly affects the honour of his country l—let
'Pr" them by voting for the 'of all parties, both in the colonies end to 'eq., enuntry, under such chetunstances, that the West India body de- After a few words from Lord HAREWOOD, the yeti- them read the opinions and sentiments of Lord Castle-
had net pledged hiMettlf to the could only lead tee the neat antesehievous conse- sired that the whole matter should be inquired into by a tion was, ordered to be laid on the table; after which, on reagh, as expressed at the Congress of Vienna, and then
re of souls a eltstneter—con- quences.—(Htate Ind», it vtl. ) It would be totally Committee of that House, in order that the innuirien might the motion of his Lordship, a Select Committee was ap- let them ask themselves, how they can reconcile with
'at of fisetal eannishments in the irrelevant its etesitin and impossible in execution." The lead to doing them justice, and to eseertaining what part pointed. their statements, how they can reconcile with the provisions
lee renteemplation of the Mem- Qtalne: an Vatnencil, as it was intended to be enforced ay ni the measures' retemntended by Parliament they had TITHES. of the treaty to which his sign and seal were affixed
Inn'tared in the resolution's and . 'Government, seemed to him to be a measure to which ceeried int'd execution. There were other reasons why Viscount MELBOURNE moved the first reading of the as the representative of England, the present conduct of
or within the contenaPlanianat bt the language of Mr. R x would apply. He wished the this subject required serious attention. Their interest had Tithes (Ireland) Bill, which bad that evening been brought the Northern Autocrat ; aye, and let me add, the present con-
,''std them--(tleastaltcatn) It Government to follow Mr. rex's advice, and not ere- been much neglected. No doubt whatever could be enter. up from the other House. He regretted that the pressure ductof the English Ministers, if theyquietlyallotn this insult
them he entai4 'tenture to exact deavour to emasserpate the slaves, melees; it carried with it tained that the taxation on their produce was excessive, of business in the House of Commons had prevented the to be offered to the character of the British nation? Surely
into tb `astiole of the docile 't' e content an I eencurrent feelings of all parties into for, with the exception of the small reduction made in Bill from passing sooner, as it was now impossible that it Whig Ministers will not be behind the Tory Castlereagh
view of the question could be nested in the cetnniee; as well as in this country. Ile 1829. Vitt taxation had been reduced very little below could become law until after the recess. He would, how- ire asserting the cause of freedom. Surely the Noble Lord
rely refer to the course pursued appealed to the Noble Earl to remember the words of Mr, what it was during the war. That alone was a sufficient ever, take that opportunity of saying, that he had trench who presides over the foreign policy of this country, and
who, in sneelsing of the applie j 'Canning, aral profit by the warning he had elven ; for reason for inquiry—(hear, hear)—to see if there were no pleasure in recommending thee Bill to the notice of their to whose talents, integrity, and public spirit so much
island of Trinidad, denterea it 1 alreinly the flame I:ad been kindle's', errs! had been ex- means of giving relief. Let their Lordships heels at the Lordships, as it might tend to correct the idea that had praise is due, has not been backward in maintaining the
be afterwards said) ani example, I I inguished in biota—(hain Irian) We had found the situation of property in that country. He would state to gone abroad, that the extinction of tithes had taken place. honour of the nation. I allow he has a difficult task to
it no distant varied fur the co- inconvenience —tee had suffered some of the threatened them the particulars e ore property
in thee
island of Ja- It was highly necessary that such a notion as that should perform ; I allow it is no easy matter to preserve the inte-
of the iatands which possessed calamities—arty teathem he careful that it did not again males alike was fortunately unincumbered with any be checked as soon as possible—(Cheers)—and, therefore, grity of Poland, and the peace of Europe; but let him
,01 he added, " I cannot believe et'rtir ard "extend to other islands. He conjured them again''
debts, which was the case with very few estates. The though it was true that another Bill would follow on the steer his course by the eternal principles of good faith, of
e before we shall learn that the 1 to attend to the prophetic warning he had quoted, and I property consisted of 996 acre', whereof 176 acres were present, the intention of which was to enact remedial mea- honour, and of justice ; principles which are not depen-
eiously employed in omelets:rig : not allow the opinions of sonic individual's hostile to the cultivated with sugar. The Noble Duke also stated the sures on the subject, he was anxious to take every oppor- dent on expediency, cr any of the fluctuating motives of
rnment of Trinids.4 to atenaove I colonists to induce them to melee in treasures likely to number of slaves of different ages employed on it, but it tunity of declaring that the claim for tithes was a legal temporary policy, and he may be assured of success.
'a." Now, what !tad been the be attended with site!, dna/nit:el consequences. He cen• was not distinctly heard in the gallery. The Whole pro- claim—that the resistance of tithes was illegal—and that Even whilst I write these sentences, those Poles, whom
ble Viarount, rerno boasted that 1 jured them to aegto the week of conciliation ;to se, with duce of this estate Was sold in England for 6,010/., and the Government would ever be found reedy to uphold all future history, will consider as martyrs in the holy cause of
is of Mr. Canning, and in ful- their owe 'eyes, and they would find that there wan less what proportion of that did their Lerdsbips suppose went legal claims, until the laws which maintained their legs- freedom, are wanderers on the surface of the globe, out-
of ISta.3 ? Did lee wait for the 1 reason to complain than was sometimes stated. He to Government ? 'rite duty of Government amounted to lily were either abrogated or altered.—(Hear, hear.) casts and aliens from the inheritance of their forefathers,
lie was trying in St. Lucia or i conjured them to take the prevent opporninity of a change 2,9601., being 50 per cent. on the value of the gross pro- Bill read a first time. and from that father-land in which are centered their
,on its adoption by the ptanter of government in one island to begin a different system, to duce. Thee expenses of agency, brokerage, insurance, Ike., WEST INDIES. affections !In behalf of these suffering patriots—in behalf
id he take time to allow the send out hie Noble Friend, Who Was going to govern Ja- amounted to 1,0001.; it cost that to transport it by sea to The Duke of WELLINGTON presented a petition of these illustrious men, many of whom leave taken refuge
lers to be evident in the Crowe maica, with the Clive branch, that he might adopt con- England. The supplies sent out from England fed' the from the merchants of Glasgow, praying that relief might on our shores, I implore not the commiseration, but I
their adoption by the old Colo- riliatory neenntites with the legislature of the island, bring estate amounted to 7721. There was money sent to the be afforded to the West India interests. appeal to the justice of Englishmen ; I ask their sympathy
h-a Orders accompanied with a l hark the slaves to subordination, and re-establish security agent at Jamaica for various expenses, 561/. Altogether The Duke of BUCCLEUGH presented a petition from for afflicted Poland, and their indignation for the insulted
tires that, without loss of time, iof nronertY, and, perhaps, restore that prosperity the whole of the disbursements amounted to 5,2821., leav- the Trades' House at Glasgow, to the same effect. honour of England ! Your obedient servant,
.se of law. Instead cf waiting 1 which lead formetly existed. He certainly should ing to the proprietor the sum only of 7281. This was in ADJOURNMENT FOR THE RECESS. ALPHA.
!or experiment, he visits them I support his Noirle Friend's.' motion. The knowledge a good year; in an ordinary year he would not get more The Earl of SHAFTESBURY moved that the House
Hear, hear) +r what ether possessed by the peonle of the situation of the inhabitants than 600/. If tlie season were bad, or if the crops failed PORTSMOUTH, APRIL 17.
, do adjourn to the 7th of May.—Agreed to.—Adjourned at
their exclusion from that boon of the Colorist, way not correct, and the West Indies he got nothing. It was most desirable that all these facts Nine o'clock. ----asms--.
louse of Commons had thought them-ten:es desired and courted inquiry.—( Hear.) should be investigated by a Committee of that House. It _ TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN:
sof the colonists, and their s The Archbishop of CANTERBURY rose to address was very desirable that property in the West Indies, like PARLIAMENTARY PAPER. Sta,—Having been a constant subscriber to your
He would ask", therefore.; was ! the House ; but was interrupted by a message being an- all individual property, should be insured protection. It —......--- Journal, and much admiring your impartial observations
1 in saying that he acted in 1 flounced from the House of Common', to which the most ouelit to be protected by the Legislature as well as any PUBLIC WORKS, IRELAND. on the Reform Bill, now in progress, I conceive you will
ions of 182 J ? Mr. Canning I Rev. Prelate gave way; and Mr. Spring Rice and others other property of individual', which existed in this country. THE FIRST REPORT OF THE COMMISSIONERS OF
es of severity ; but it was in a I brought up the Irish Tithe Bill, and the Payment of 'flue House, in its anxiety to abolish the slavery of indivi- not deem it inconsistent with that impartiality to give
PUBLIC WORKS IN IRELAND, upon the State of the
publicity to the following circumstance, which, lmweyekr
am to See realized, and which I Debts in Execution, and another Bill. The messengers duals, should not forget that the subject involved—not several ROADS and BRIDGES placed under their care by trifling, shows the determined hostility of those who peck
ire Noble Viscount threatened 1 leaving retired—the Archbishop proceeded :—Having merely the slavery of individuals—but the property of in- the Act 1 and 2 Win. IV, c. 33; pursuant to Act of Parlia. up the little crumbs adherent to the office of church-mt-
. d'fferent circumstances.— been appealed to by his Noble Friend (Lord Seaford) he dividuals, and property entitled to their Lordships' protec- meld, 6 Geo. IV. c. 101, s. 9. nisters and church-wardens.
e (Lord Seaford) did not could not as.oid, in justice to the Colonies, saying a few lion. The public mind ought to be carried back to the On the arrival here of the joyous news, that the Reform
To THE KNIGHTS, CITIZENS, AND BURGESSES, IN BAR- Bill had passed its second reading in the Lords, the ringers,
iscriminate decoder of ail that words. Dating the time that he was Bishop of London, nature of this property, anal be made aware of what the I
LIAM:NT ASSENIBLED.
Colonial Assemblies, or of the I be was President of the Society for Promoting Religious consequences would be, not only to individuals, but to the 1 knowing the general feeling which pervaded the toiwitinEcohn_
The powers given to the Directors of Inland Navigation, for
at various times received the Instruction amongst the Negroes. Certainly the Society property of the people, by any measures for carrying intothis momentous subject, applied to the acting e
repairing, maintaining, and keeping in repair, certain Roads
rent. But if the Members of looked forward to tire emancipation of the slaves and the effect by farce tae resolutions for the abolition of slavery. and Bridges in Ireland, by the 6th of Geo. IV., c. lul, having intervened,
ally exhibited heat and a want extinction of slavery as the greatest benefit which could It was a fact and truth, that it would be the destruction been transferred to this Board by the 107th section of the Ist warden to allow them to give vent to
dt.ret.u,eivie”ral joy by a
merry peal ; but the "spirit oft
ti conotfraooic.i)
approval of this
gelad been no want of exhibi- Ibe conferred on the slaves anti their masters; and the So• of individual property to extinguish slavery.. Without and 2,1 Wm. IV. c. 33; we have the satisfaction to report, in and the anticipated demonstration
ies with part of their ad- elety had thought that
this object might best be promoted the slaves that property would be nothing for the owners; pursuance of the 9th section of the before-mentioned Act, grand measure was repulsed.
to the vicar." Inl-
et all times acknowledged, lby the improvement of the slaves. He was happy to say without slavery, it must be admitted that neither the that the Roads of the several Districts unndter our management grand ecclesiastical. officer,
wth "applyall due respect and formality,
"Yea out
replied this
ith a view to the aelvatetages that the efforts of the Society lead been seconded by the owners, the public, nor the individuals engaged in the cul- have been maintainedloin gtoeodfatioidiostuhecie Reportreloiat.sroo;
rasnod)ecti is mediate applicatiocneowcaes,
the vicar, whose aniwer was,
emancipation, nothing should planters themselves ; and he had been much indebted to tivation could be sustained in life. It was surely time for gratifyingd,t improvements
ta)reorevlemer;etn,.tam, ide to hes reverence
appear to be going forward l-
troy the geed, understanding his Noble Friend for his advice and assistance. The So- their Lordships to make inquiry, and bring forward such ten en S, .
I the mountainous mils of the Southern gradually,District,
the slices, and that no means ciety had been much assisted hy clergymen being appninted a report as would lay the whole matter clearly before the particularly when be replied,--" That unless a re-
' You must apply to the acting churchwarden." He was—
again applied to,
ith'ans been representeds parts
the manners and coni in which . . -
could in any way endanger the to the Colonies and by the Colonial Legislative. 'That of public. He would support the motion of his Noble Friend,
lions of the labouring classes have been materially changed for .
quisition, signed by the mayor and corporation, and prin-
or affect the security of pie- Barbados in particular hadopal inhabitants to that effect, were got up," he could not
contributed to this good work. and should he prepared to give every assistance in tats the better.
meil, however, were calculated In the course of 15 years a greater number of churches power to further the objects of the Committee. Since our appointment in the month of November last, a
VICAR IS A VERY P lAN :
He MAN :
se of all that, They had put had peen built and schools established than in any other The
I
LORD CHANCELLOR could not, with the opt- new Road through the Keeper Mountains, being the remainder allow
OURthe bells in his care to he rung.
Ile is a fellow of Winchester College .Z7OO per annum.
hey had in di it consequences country in the same space of time. There were schools Mons he entertained on this subject, allow it to pass with- of the Anglesea Road, extending from the neighbourhood of tic is a vicar of Portsmouth 5OO
ty ; and this was one of the . for every description of persons. After the late disaster, out sating a few words. He did not mean, however, to the town of Nenagli towards Tipperary, has been placed by Ile is a vicar of Portsca -MO
ee offered to their acceptance. lit hail been estimated that it would cost 40,000/. to repair go into the discussion at length, because he understood that the order of the Lord Lieutenant under our management. The Ills. mother bought. the anvowson of Beellearupton (of
nters did nothing towards for- f the churches and schools in Barbados alone.—(Bear.) is was the intention of the Government to comply with Iteni:toffrothisN.neesev
Newport
is 17m. 3f. which, added to the length which he has the gift) of Mr. Dee for 5,000/.
t to Thurles ,
previou,sl} in our possession,
Geyernment and the people of If he had expected to be called en, he should have come the motion of the Noble Lord, and, agreeable. to what he
and intersmectings Pthre former, makes' a total extent of new,
pt no steps towards the melio- down prepared, and should have been able to state many understood to be the wish of the majority of their Lord_
knglesea Road, exceeding forty-one miles. It appears that
on CHOLERA MORBUS, OFFICIAL REPORT.
CENTRAL BOARD OF HEALTH.
e slave. Was it necessary to facts to illustrate the assistance the Society had received ships, to grant a Committee. It would be proper to wait
the Neu-port or Thurles Road, although only open for one year,
--- of the progress which had been from the Colonies. for the report of that Committee before entering into tne
COUNCIL OFFICE, WHITEHALL.—(THIS DAY.)
has produced a considerable improvement inthe country, as
t which all others would he The Duke of WELLINGTON said, in consequence of discussion ; and he would only say a few words to guard will be seen from the following extract from a report made to
religious instruction of the the assent given by she Noble Lord to the motion of his their Lordships against being carried away by the miscon- us by Mr. Griffith :he says, .. Formerly there was no Road , DAILY REPORT of CHOLERA CASES._
o remind him tle a the Bishops his Noble Friend, he should not have troubled their Lord_ ceptions of the Noble Duke and his Noble Friend. He passable for wheeled carriagesdt i.iortif,oerhorses in winter, ehonsci - i .1 . c.
....:
no ad both, in their reports to the ships at all, hut for some of the observations of the Noble could assure his Noble Friend that he did not need the au- quentiythertehlevas ill the
country;ofthe,ten ta'
ar which,lee wasw the
commenced . works spring 3,
.. v. a te, ~.. rg 5 5§ E
reseed themselves perfectly sa- Viscount. He had heard with great satisfaction the able thority of Mr. Canning and Mr. Fox to yield assent to hisse ~- Cs - :..; F.".".• E •=: C... •-•
den of notorious outlaws and murderers, who lived in these p• •;..; c, ....
done by the planters and the and impressive statement made hy the Neble Lord who statement. He had never contemplated for one moment
enan lg Ti F.; p 72, s .'s, 1 s
mountains in defiance of the laws ; but during the last year I
nferenec to that all-important lead last addressed their Lordships, as well as the obsers ast rem of compulsory emancipation ; and he did not be- :5 3 z r---, H 4-." i=,.E..ro',E.g
11'3' to refer to the number of yations of the most Reverend Prelate, in support of the lieve that any man was so wild as to recommend a corn- --....rh.7 t—.lB-1
1973 1.21
Id been everywhere raised for views taken by the Noble Lord, It Wrig natural that pulsory emancipation of slaves. He had only wished to
I
have the pleasure to state, from accurate information, that
from the limestone quarries of Ballycahill alone, which are
, situate at the eastern or Mules end of the Road, upwards of ,
received Total ,ISO soy 52 /
cut the Colonies ? In further the West India body, whether they resided in this country lay the ground for a progress towards freedom, by taking nine thousand horse.loads of lime have been drawn into the Fotal from ilaces where the disease has ceased
and fromiwhich no return have been this day
Mountains and used for manure I,ime was also introduced
irenetion it wanted—he could or in the Islands, should desire that a solemn in- such steps as would prepare the slaves for its enjoyment.
Mountains in large quantities from the quarries situate
ate (the Archbishop of Canter- quirt, should be instituted into the circumstances of He wished so say a few words on the observation of the into the
Grand Total 8144 2,.'34
Society for affording Religious their pr, sent condition. They were suffering great dis- Noble Duke as to what had occurred in the chartered near Newport, at the western extremity of the Road • and on
__ ___..—.....---
whole I t to state that more than ten times the
bother the communications of tress, broueht on hya long-continued course of neglect—by colonies relative to the adoption of the Orders in Council, the
LONDON.—APRIL 17, at FIVE P.M.
quantity of claa;iv‘rasubree.en rnanured with lime, in. the interior
correspondence of the Society, many misfer une', and now at last by a most formid- The N ble Duke said that there was not one of the reso. u-
-4 point the instruction ;4 the able rebellion, sibling to their other misfortunes, and tions which had not been adopted in son
sonic one of the colonies. of the Mountains, during the last than any previous year. As 1.6 a a 4 1-':-...4t2
fifteen if it should ha sn that there were fourteen or inight be expected, new buildings and new enclosures have ".•-•'''' !
...- ~.:.
~•i •' • •F• ;:. gal 5'6
~., r.: ;_, :.., z -.. c_;, F,
—Olean) He (Lord Seaford) quite destroying the value of their property. lie con- Now . pp. .
, kept pace with the indraft of lime; and I have no doubt that • 5..--... rf'-'' '7' -, t 'Fi 7.-; 't.:' -.'
Council enforced many just (-civet) that these reasons were sufficient to make their of these resolutions, and fourteen or fifteen colonies, he
F. t", `c`i
.:n 't 's,§iz, TIgE
it was it hot fair to acknow- Lou dahipi go into an inquiry into the circumesences of might admit thst the propositions of the Noble Duke was the whole face of the Mountain Country will be improved in a
very few years, and that peaceful agricultural industry will . r.,.. s : e r:1 ,- - , .... i- , ..t. '- i 2, , t '..
not been slow in the week of their situation, and into the acts of the Government at correct, and yet he might assert that, in fact, those resolu-
supplant that system of lawless outrage which has hitherto been
it-, had the House not heard home with respect to the legislatures of the islands. Ti was times, if carried into execution, were next to nothing. lie the disgraceful characteristic of the population of the Keeper Total 1103 20 y 5 8 / 110 2239 11.12
Cases from places before reported 231 156
wash by the assembly of Ja• natural that the West India body should desire such
in-an could suppose that two or three of theme resolutions were Mountains."
Schedule
dof all disqualifications en ac- inquiry, and it could not be possible but that such anGrand Total 2470 121 8
Expenditure mad up charge,
tl
of importance; and all the others of comparatively little Annexed is a of the Roadse tender our and
(Signed) WM. MACLEAN, Secretary.
the necessity of taking oaths, (miry, conducted as it could be by their Lordships, must consequence, it might happen that the twelyeor thirteen tri- an Account of the Receipts atu,1,E3.(1)~n,

CHOLERA IN CORK.—During the last few
days reports were in circulation that some suspicious cases of
disease had appeared in the central part of this city, possessing
much of the character of spasmodic cholera. An unwilling-
ness to alarm without decided and unequivocal proofs of the
actual presence of the malady induced us to avoid calling public
attention to the calamity. Yesterday, however, it was posi-
tively declared that cholera had exhibited itself in the neigh-
bourhood of Paul-street, and several members of the faculty,
on seeing the eases, pronounced that they were true cholera.
The event has proved the truth of the assertion, for it has
been reported to us that five of them terminated fatally in the
night. 'We have their names. The first case was on the sth
instant. A girl about eleven, the child of a shopkeeper in Paul_
street, was suddenly attacked after breakfast, while going to
school, and died in twelve hours 1 Yesterday cases were re-
ported in biodsilPs-lane, the Coal-quay, Hughes's-lane, and
Dominick-street, in all seven, of which, as above stated, five
have died. It is said there are four new cases reported this
morning in Paul's parish, besides others in different parts of the
city. We perceive that the Mayor has called a public meet-
ing of the citizens for Monday next.—Cork Reporte,-.

ELOPEMENT OF A WARD IN CHANCERY.
—Last night, about nine o'clock, the family of Archibald
Christie, Esq., of No. 8, Grove-terrace, Regent's Park, were
greatly alarmed, on account of the disappearance of Miss Eliza-
beth Christie, a ward in Chancery. Every search and inquiry
was made for her by her friends, but without success. It was at
last ascertained that she had eloped with a Mr. Charles Lees, an
eminent portrait painter, from Edinburgh, who had recently
formed an acquaintance with her, and to whom it is supposed
she was very much attached. Messengers were sent off in all
directions to endeavour to trace the fugitives, and Mr. Christie,
who is the young lady's guardian, appointed by the Court of
Chancery, immediately gave information to the Commissioners
of the new police of the circumstance, and directions were
given to the police constables at the different station-houses
to apprehend the parties if possible, of whom a very minute
description was given. Miss Christie is only 18 years of age,
rather embonpoint, and a very accomplished and interesting
young lady. On coming of age we understand she will come
into possession of a very large fortune. The gallant is a dark
complexioned young man, and slightly pitted with the small-
pox. It is strongly suspecte I that the lovers have directed their
course towards Gretna.

On Monday a young woman and a young man
were charged with robbing a house in Catherine-street, occu-
pied by Mrs. Robison. It appeared that the female was servant
to Mrs. Robison, who, becoming rather unwell during the night,
sent her out for some spirits. It is supposed that, on her re-
turn, she had taken in her sweetheart along with her, for about
ten o'clock in the morning a man was seen coming out of the
said house carrying something along with him. A lady who
lived in the floor above, suspecting something wrong, went to
the door and rapped loudly, but received no answer. Not
satisfied, she got some policemen, and, after waiting at least an
hour, the servant gave them admission, and there Mrs. Robison
was found lifeless in the bed, the house robbed of a great quan-
tity of wearing apparel, silver spoons, &c., but by the activity
of the police a great quantity of the stolen property was re-
covered. The case was clearly made out against the servant,
who was sentenced to sixty days' hard labour in Bridewell.
The man was dismissed, the case not being proved against him.

defect thought is
—Scotsman. i
The following peculiarity in the physiognomy
tr
of Southey, the poet, is not, we believe, generally known. 'we
take it from the Ettrick Shepherd's Altriue Tales. " Both his
stitgruonreglyanmdacrkoritiennahiiicsedaarrkeeyimes7 sing, ande e
is deep
a
in his
but
there
eyelids, for these he has no power of raising, so that when he
looks up he turns up his face, being unable to raise his eyes;
and when he looks towards the top of one of his romantic
mountains, one would think he was looking at the zenith."
