they could now give their verdict for the defendant, as
the tender was clearly proved.
The Jury instantly found for the defendant without
hearing the other witnesses.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION-HO USE.

A black boy, named John Smith, was brought before
the LORD MAYOR by Sergeant Williams, an intelligent
officer of the City Police, having applied at the station-
house for a refuge. The officer stated that he had
made some hitherto ineffectual inquiries about the poor
boy, who, if he spoke the truth, was greatly to be
pitied, for deep marks of flogging covered his back, and
he had about him other evidences of ill treatment.

The boy, who was dressed in sailor's clothes, and ap-
peared to be about 14 or 1.5 years of age, said that he
had had a very hard time of it for the last ten years,
having been kidnapped at the Tower when he was be-
tween four and five years old, and sold as a slave at New
Orleans.

The LORD MAYOR—Do you mean that you were
stolen by the Captain of a ship ? The boy replied that
he meant to say that while he and four other coloured
boys and a white boy were at play about ten years ago
on Tower-wharf; they were all taken on board a vessel by
the Captain, and conveyed to New Orleans, where he
and the boys of the same colour were sold into slavery,
in which they remained for a great length of time. He
well remembered the circumstance of the kidnapping,
but his tender years prevented him, by his account,
from having any accurate recollection of previous occur-
rences. He know, however, that his father and mother
at the time he was stolen resided somewhere about the
To wer.

The LORD MAYOR—Take care that you tell me no-
thing but the truth. If you are found out in a false-
hood you will be punished.
The boy said that he never would have gone to the
station-house to tell what had happened to him if he
did not mean to tell the truth. The Captain placed
them all in the bottom of the boat when he took them
at Tower-stairs.

The LORD MAYon.—What was his name ? The
boy—l don't know.

The LORD MAYOR—What was the ship's name ?
The boy—l never heard the name of it.
One of the officers of the police said that he believed
the boy was the son of a black who had been big drum-
mer to the Guards, and had died some time ago. There
had been, he believed, some noise made about the dis-
appearance of a coloured child from the neighbourhood
above mentioned, but as children frequently were miss-
ing at the time, and, in all probability, owing to
" Burke's gang,' the curiosity soon died away.
Mr. Hobler (to the boy)—Are you sure that you
have not ran away from your master? The boy—No,
Sir, I never ran away.
Mr. Hobler—How were you employed at New Or-
leans ? The boy—ln picking tobacco and oakum.
Mr. Hobler—And you don't know the name of the
Captain who stole you ? Tile boy—l do not. I never
heard his name.

Mr. Hobler—To whom did he sell you ? The boy
—To a slave-owner of the name of Brown, and Mr.
Brown sold me to a driver.

Sergeant Williams said that the boy's back had marks
of woful punishment upon it. The heart of any one of
feeling would bleed to look upon it.
Mr. Hobler observed that cruel punishment was cer-
tainly the lot of the slave, but he had known some
English captains who anticipated the horrors of the
system. He feared the poor boy was a runaway.
The boy cried most bitterly, and seemed to be
alarmed at the idea of the lash, which had been evi-
dently laid upon him by some miscreant who was fond
of blood. He was an object of great compassion,
whether regarded as a victim to the commander of
slaves, or the commander of a ship.
The LORD MAvoa directed that inquiry should be
made into the statement.

Inspector Williams mentioned to his Lordship that
he had not had time to make the necessary investiga-
tion, but he should at once apply in the proper quarter
for information. The boy had called voluntarily at the
station-house, and stated that some of the officers of the
regiment to which be believed his father belonged, had
caused him to be set free. It was also said that the
boy's father had been a watchman at the Tower, but
had been some time dead.

:The LORD Mon—Let the poor fellow be taken
good care of in the Compter until inquiry can be made.
I am of Mr. Hobler's opinion that he has run away
from his ship.
The Boy—Oh, no, Sir, I am telling truth indeed ;
lam not a runaway. I have come from slavery.
The LORD MAYOR—WeII, don't be alarmed, my
poor boy. You have suffered a great deal evidently,
whatever you may have done, and you shall be pro-
tected, Go with that officer and tell him the truth, if
you have concealed it at all.
The Boy—Oh, Sir, I have told nothing but the
truth.

The Lotto MAYOR—You got that lashed back at
New Orleans, dal you?

Tile Boy—l did, Sir ; I was lashed for anything.
nothing but lashing.

The !arge tears rolled down the cheeks of the poor
unhappy creature as he repeated the assurances that he
v,•as taken from his parents and sold into the possession
of one who knew how to support the murderous charac-
ter of a slave-driver.

COURT OF REQUESTS, TOWER

HAMLETS.

A TALE OF A TUB,—" Burke against Riley."
shouted the crier, as soon as the Commissioners had
taken their seats on the bench.

" Here stonds Norah Burke, yer banner, that's me-
self," exclaimed a she bogtrotter, from the back of the
Court ; " but as for Judy Riley, bad luck to her, it's
not the likes in herself that dare show head before yer
banners at all at all."
" I.isv wid yer, mother Burke," said Mrs. Riley,
rushing forward, "here 1 em me rale self."
COMNIISSIONER—What is the matter there ?
Mrs. Burke—" Me tub, yer harmers, me tub, Judy
Riley bruk it intirely."
By dint of inquiry the Commissioners elicited from
Mrs. Burke, that she lodged in the same house with
the defendant, who being about to perpetrate a " heavy
wash" borrowed the plaintiff's tub, and, before return-
ing it, happened to burst the bottom in, in which
condition she returned it, " full," as the plaintiff ex-
pressed it, " of apologus," which, however, turned nut
to be a poor substitute for the bottom. The value of
the tub was 35., to recover which proceedings were in-
stituted in this Court by Mrs. Burke.
" Yer banners," said Mrs. Burke, " Judy kim into
me room and axed for the loan ov me tub, which, being
a nibor, yer banners, or koorse I couldn't refuse ; but,
would ye bclave it, Judy let Tim, which same is her
own husband, sit on it, and bruk in the bottom."
COMMISSIONER—Was the tub worth 35.?
Plaintiff—Sure it was worth a great dale more, but
I let Judy off aizy, being an owld kind.
COMMISSIONER—That was very considerate of you.
Pray, how do you obtain a subsistence?

Plaintiff-17er harmer, I stond in Whitechapel wid
me shallow and me bit ov fruit ; and it's a dale ov
throuble I have to arn a crust. Faith, 1 wish Misther
O'Connell and the Parliament jintleman ud get justice
to poor owld :reland, and thin it's more thrade I'd be
getting.
CommissioNEa—Ab, wait till you get the repeal of
the Union, and then, perhaps, you will sell more goose-
berries.—(Laughter.)
Plaintiff—l'm thinking I would, yer harmer.
COMMISSIONER—WeII, Mrs. Riley, what have you.
got to say about the tub ?
Defendant—Yer wurtchip, it's thrifling misfortunate
I was in letting me old man sit on the tub, but thin it's
short ov sates we arc.

COMMISSIONER—WeII, you must pay for your mis•
fortune.

Defendant—\Vid yer wurtchip's lave, I'd be asking
for arnonth's grace, considering Tim's out ov work.

After some further discussion, the Commissioners
agreed to allow the defendant the time she required to
pay it in.

QUEEN VICTORIA.—We are requested to
state that Mr. Colburn, of Great Marlborough-street, has this
day published " Queen Victoria, from her Birth to her Bridal,"
in two vols., post Bvo., with portraits of her Majesty, Prince
Albert, &c., price 215., bound, which can now be had of all
booksellers and at all the libraries. Mr. ,P)ttSiTrn has also just
published the following new woraten. Memoirs of Prince
Albert and the House of Saxon , y Frederick Shoberl, Esq.,
the only authentic editiaric 1 vol., post iv°. , with portrait,
ss. 6d., hound.-2. Songs and Ballads, by His Royal Highness
Prince Albert, and Prince Ernest, translated from the German,
by G. F. Richardson, Esq., dedicated by permission to the
Ductless of Kent, containing 42 pages of music, for voice and
pianoforte, and a fine portrait of Prince Albert, price 125.-
3. Agnes Strickland's " Lives of the Queens of England,"
dedicated by permission to her Majesty, Vols. 1 and 2, price
Bs. 6d. each, bound, with illustrations. Vol. 3 will be published
early in August.

Patronized by their Majesties the King and
Queen of Hanover, and their Royal Highnesses the Princesses
Augusta and Sophia, her Serene Highness the Princess Ester-
hazy, the Princesses 'Mary and Rosa, her Grace the Dowager
Duchess of Bedford, and their Graces the Archbishop of Can-
terbury, and the Dukes of Devonshire and Manchester. In
addition to the above distinguished patronage to the newly..
invented Spectacle Lenses and Invisible Operative Voice Con-
,
ductor, the Messrs. S. and B. Solomons, Opticians and
Aurists, No. 39
Albemarle-street, Piccadilly, and No. 76,
King William-street, Bank of England, feel great pleasure
in stating that their valuable inventions have also gained
the sanction and unqualifiecl-egrobation of above four hula-
dred of the principal mliktiers of the medical profession ; as
also of numerous individuals of high distinction, who have
been greatly benefited by their use. Immediately these im-
proved Spectacle Lenses are placed before extrem mperfect
vision, it is at once brought back to its natural and original
state, every object becomes clear and distinct, and the most mi-
nute particle is seen, either by day or candlelight, with ease
and distinctness. Their Voice Conductor, by which thousands
of deaf persons have been greatly benefited, are not the least
perceptible, nor more uncomfortable, than having a piece of
wool in its place, and the faintest whisper at a public assembly
is heard with exact distinctness.--39, Allje..rnarle4tr.ept, and
..411!ithil-strett, bank. No ecinne(:tioif wILL I)ersont
of the same name.
