KHIVA.

We believe we have at last obtained something authen-
tic regarding the Russian movement upon Khiva. By a
letter from a very intelligent observer at Cabul, we learn
that the Russian army reached Khiva about the 20th of
March. They halted on the borders of the Steppes for
for some weeks, in consequence of the great quantity of
snow that had fallen; they then came down the Sea of
Aral, and with little difficulty arrived at Khiva. Their
arrangements were well made, and their march admira-
bly conducted, so much so that it is said they have nei-
ther lost a man nor beast. Their force is considered to
amount to nearly 30,000 men, and 12 batteriesof artillery.
Abbott is going to St. Petersburgh. Some Usbecks, who
have just arrived from Balkh, say that the King of Bok-
hs.ra has beheaded Dost Mohamed and his two sons.—
Agra Uhkbar, May 21.
We have been favoured with the following extract from
a letter, and we believe that its intelligence may be relic()
on :.—Certain intelligence has been received to-day from
the north-west, stating the. Captain Abbott, our Envoy to
the Khan of Khiva, has been well received. The Rus-
sians are only advancing with a small force from Oren-
burg, which has been obliged to
.intrench itself, owing tp
the snow
preventing its moving on. The most important
part of the account, however is, that Captain Abbott has
been deputed by the Khan, on a mission to St. Peters-
burgh, with a declaration that he is willing to give up
slavery, and, it is presumed, the Russian slaves in his pos
session, but that he had not the trwans of paying the de.
mands of that Government.—Bombay Courier, May 25.

ANOTHER ATTACK ON ADEN.
The ship Mary Illitcheson arrived here yesterday fore-
noon. She left Aden on the 24th of May, from whence
she brings intelligence of great importance. An attack
from the Arabs had for upwards of three weeks been ex-
pected by the garrison, yet it. had been so long delayed,
and gone about so cautiously, that it took them at length
almost by surprise. About half-past one on the morning
of the 20th of May a large body of from 200 to 300
Arabs, partly armed with matchlocks, sword, and crease,
concealing themselves for a time behind a black precipit-
ous rock near the Turkish wall, as the tide ebbed began
to move round, rushing up the rock of Jubbuldce, and
firing on the garrison below, part entering and endeavour-
ing to rifle the officers' tents, which had, in consequence
of the firing, been abandoned by their occupants, whose
duties called them to their posts. Though hotly fired on,
the plundering party persevered in their efforts till many
of them were shot down beside the chests and furniture
they could no longer carry away. The soldiers, who
slept with their loaded arms within their grasp, were almost
in an instant able to repel the attack, and grape and
canister, though fired almost at random, quickly completed
the havoc which the musketry began.,
By a little after four the combat had nearly ceased,
' and by day-break not an assailant was to be scen
on the field. They carried their dead and wounded,
as a sacred duty, along with them, else the ex-
hibi!ion of carnage which daylight would have pre-
sented must have been fearful over so limited
a space
were as
leftthatb h iecohd thetbe
these quickly
took place.died
ofThree
only their
wounds. The amount of the slaughter is unknown, though
it is ascertained to have been a heavy one. Scvcn of our
men were wounded, two of them severely, but none
o aeohnind w,
were slain. Three horses, with a large quantity of soldiers'
clothing and mess furniture, was carried away. One Arab
chief, the leader in all the forays, and a perfect firebrand
among his people, is said to have been mortally wounded,
and others of authority and distinction in their country,
are believed to be severely hurt. The attacking party
were merely the 'forlorn hope of some 4,000, who were
prepared for the assault when the defeat and flight of the
assailants caused them to retire. It is said that much dis
may prevails in consequence of the severe chastisement
they have just received.
The following is from a Correspondent who writes upon
the spot :
" Since I wrote to you, we have bad an attack from the
Arabs. On our left flank at the out-post is a flat which
is covered with water at high tide, but dry when the tide
is out : about 500 of the enemy succeeded in getting
over it unobserved at 2 o'clock on Thursday morning,
and nearly surprised all the officers who were sleeping,
in their tents, which arc pitched at about 80 yards dis-
tance from the left redoubt. When the alarm was given
the officers returned into the mid-work, which they
had scarcely done before the Arabs commenced a brisk
fire from a hill close in rear of it, which they had as-
cended; they were of course soon silenced and driven off
it. During this time a second party
was busy plundering
the officers' tents, and all they could pick up in the neigh-
bourhood. As soon as it was discovered that they were at
this work, a steady fire was directed on them, but so deter-
mined and intent were they upon it, that although vol-
ley after volley was poured into Captain Crispin's tent,
so that it is riddled like au old target, yet they conti-
nued knocking open boxes, and succeeded in carrying
off every thing valuable in the tent. It was flowing
with blood in every corner, and a man was found very
much injured just outside, Two horses were carried off,
and a party of about 40 sepoys, wh slept near the officers'
tents, had to make their retreat into the field work, leav-
ing their bedding, lours, and muskets; these also were
carriedSe r a oofff the Arabs wn:nedrewebrhoakveen
aospeeetr):
th e medicine
we re
wounded,
tained 12 were killed. They left two close to the road
reach, and we have had int iligence that they buried nine
chests
at a dingah about four miles off—one great man was carried
to the chief town to be buried. We had seven wounded—
two Europeans and five natives; two of the natives rather
severely. About 5,000 were waiting outside ready to
attack us, but their hearts failed. Had they been as de-
termined as the others we should have had a little more
fun with them. Never was a robbery more daringly or
more comple:ely perpetrated. Lieutenant Bailey com-
manded at the wall. Captain Crispin was in command of
the whole.

, about three
Yesterday (22d May) some Arabs came to our front on
yarsdutchceeeCdehdargmer
reaching the
camels, they were about I,boo yards off: an old sergeant
(Fraser) got a 12-pounder
.gun levelled at them and
knocked one down in splendid style. The fellows 'went
off like good ones immediately.
milesCa Captain Haines
scene,Hthaeine
field of action after all was over. The.commanders of the
merchant vessels on the station—the Circassian and Mary
Mitcheson, manifested the utmost pr?niptuude and anxiety
to give assistance. As the Captain of the Circassian
passed the Charger, he observed. Captain Haines getting
s was
andon 01:1
into his gig, and immediately followed to the scene of
action."

THE EASTERN QUESTION.

uabrleished in the /If
engrossed by the
FRENCH JOURNALS:
FROM THE PARIS PAPERS OF MONDAY
SPIRIT OF THE
alliance between Eng_The Government
EaTstheernPqaureisstijo°nu.
essa-
IS motives for the • •
ger an official expose of i military and
beinm
naval preparations which area . .
t,., made. It differs very
little, if at all, from what b 4. b 'en already said in the
Constitutionnel, and is only..importtahria because it has an
s
ier,an
official stamp.expose of a nature
land and France; for although this article, like the semi-
expressed that the Govern-
ment, of t Monday
length p
22 assumes that the
Journalssas
calculated to excite alarm as
_o i
policy of Lord Palmerston w
hich n hwned by the British
ot ing in the English
Papers yet seems to sanction-7i is_ evident from several
passages that there is an givenortnogb for explanations, which
official articles which pisrencelithetilinlgtb.
will, in all probability, be ythe Briti,h Govern-
ment, and which, in equal Probability,. will
Parliament—an Thereassuniption w
.t .
be accepted by
France. The following is the article of the Iliessager : _
ment, in adopting the grave measures announced by the
1 official journals, should have done so without comment.
We should have thought that they were sufficiently s•,_
i.. nificant, and that, on the contrary, credit would have bele%
1 • Ministry fur doing ,____
given to the N
Some surprise has been
much, and sa‘
1 ' little. The serious complications which for -.- AUTOGENOUS UNION OF MET •
ALS•—M. de
mg some
hernselves as r • cr lead and other
days Past IlaVO Matiil sled t - ! Riehemont has discovered means of unitint,
hitherto, using
ern question have not theu absolute al.d final character metals in their own materials, without,
il ase
of a fine jet of
Which would enable us s tit i
th:TIY IC) av
ppreciate their lii.ithderrs. TM? is effected by directingbthe
meaamns of a fine beak.
bearing. uneasy
ruspecting
.e -.• !•;it Ityof an alliance the A.),
coomgieztoenfuth,,ieortroarftstit,.o be
metalun thereuponite (l , y
-takes place. ,--'
value of which she corupreheod do France was bound to as- parts are united in onee autogenous mass '
sume an attitude of watentulneEs as to all possible eventu- oint of junction being in the stun."'

forniing by ordonnance the reserve list of general 0i;;;;
for which he was to have demanded a credit last Session."
The Memorial de Rouen pub'ishos the following, we
know not upon what authority;_„ Lord Palmerston, an-
gry, or feigning to be so, at our well-founded exasperation,
wrote to Mr. H. Bulwer a long letter, full of explanations
of the most complimentary nature for the person of the
King, the letter being destined to be read to his Majesty.
• Stop, sir,' said the King to Mr. Bulwer, 'stop, sir;
any other circumstances I should highly appreciate the
praises and the respect of Lord Palmerston, but I make no
distinction in this case, nor do I separate myself from my
Government ; the affront is common to us both. under

-..“ the

, metals at the
o‘ate as the parts untouched.

NEWS FROM THE MEDITERRA-

NEAN.

(From the Supplement to the Malta Times.)

MALTA, JULY 23.
In our number, to which this is a supplement, we stated
our opinion that the steamer seen by the French steam-
packet Rhameses in the Straits of Messina was the La.
noisier, from Beyrout. This conjecture proved correct,
she having arrived at Messina, where bee despatches
were fumigated and put on board the Mentor, pro-
ceeding to Marseilles with the mails. The Lavoi-
sier left Messina on the `2oth, and arrived here yester-
day morning. By her we have received intelligence
from Beyrout to the Bth instant. The Powerful, 84, and
Edinburgh, 72, had arrived on the preceding day. The
castor, 36, was lying there. Tho Cyclops steam-frigate
had arrived flair' Alexandria on the 2d, left again on her
return thither on the 4th, and was expected back imme-
diately. Affairs in Syria were in a rely unsettled state.
The inhabitants of Lebanon were all up in arms, and had
a decided advantage ; for, although there were 20,000
troops collected at Beyrout, and another army (detached
from that of Ibrahim Pacba), 15,000 strong., in the plains
o f Balbec, they were afraid to attack the insurgents.
The troops at Beyrout were quite in a state of insub-
ordination, and, it is stated, positively refused to take
the field. They are composed of Egyptians, Alba-
nians, and about 2,000 Turks, Franks, and mar:nes,
who were on board of the Turkish fleet when sur-
rendered last year by the Capitan Pacha. The
Egyptian fleet had put to sea, and it was supposed
they would be obliged to return to Alexandria, as it had
only a few days' provisions left, and as part of it was com-
posed of (several) Turkish ships, it is probable they were
desirous of avoiding the British ships. Our letter states
that a slight incident had occurred with the Castor, and
adds, " If you should hear that the Castor was sunk by
an Egyptian frigate, or that she performed a similar kind
service to the Egyptian, do not believe a word of it."
The Phceni.e steam frigate, Commander R. F. Stop.
ford, took her departure from Corfu for Vourla on the
6th instant, and was expected to return to Corfu in about
a month.

The Tyne, Captain J. Townsend, was lying at Corfu
on the 1 ith inst.

The Wenzel (Lieutenant promoted) Commander J.
Simpson (c) was at Zante on the 19th inst.
His Neapolitan Majesty's frigate Rhine, Capt. Arriens,
sailed yesterday morning for Algiers and Toulon, calling
at Girgenti.

The 'Volcano steam-packet arrived here on the 21st
inst. from the lonian Islands and Greece, and will proceed
to Gibraltar today with mails for England.
The Megerra will proceed this morning for the lonian
Islands and Greece, with the London mails of the 4th
instant.

The Rhadanianthus steam frigate, Commander A.
Wakefield, which left Malta on the 12th instant, with
the London despatches and letters of the 4th, brought by
the Alecto from Marseilles, returned here from Vourla
last evening, having left that bay on the IBth instant.
The intelligence she brings is of some interest. Admiral
Stopford was about proceeding on a cruise, Admiral Louis
had gone to see his family at Constantinople. The
Thunderer had arrived at Vourla.

The Belleisle is ordered to England to have new capstans
and other repairs done to her. The Hastings got on
shore in warping out of Vourla Bay, off Sober Eland, on
the 9th inst., at 4 a-m., where she remained till 12 a.m.
next day, after having discharged all her guns except
three, all her shot, provisions, and started all her water.
The Bellerophon was sent to her assistance, and the
Phomix towed her back to the fleet, she having arrived on
the same day from Corfu.
We have received by the Rhadamanthus the Eco de
L' Orient of the 18th July, which contains important in-
telligence from Constantinople of the 14th inst., and from
Egypt of the 7th of July.
We learn from Constantinople that Khosrew bad been
exiled to Rodosto, and that the order was no sooner
given than carried into execution. The object of this
strong measure is said to ba the public good, whilst Sami
Bey, envoy of Mehemet Ali, dines with the new Vizier,
Reshid Pacha.

It is said that the ancient Vizier has confessed his guilt.
Tahir Pacha, after a scrupulous examination of all the
facts alleged against him, has been acquitted.
M. de Boutinicif was to leave Constantinople on the
15th inst.
The Archbishop of Adrianople has been replaced by
that of Monastier.
A terrible explosion of a bomb took place at the Rus-
sian Palace at Buyukderc, but no one was hurt.
The nears from Egypt represents this ill-fated country
In the most deplorable condition.
The news of an advantage gained by the insurgents was
current at Alexandria; but of the Emir Bechir it was con-
tradictory, some saying he was faithful to the Pacha, others
that he had joined the insurgents.
The Cyclops arrived at Alexandria on the 7th inst.
The Turks of the ship of the line, No. 8, though only a
third of the crew, attempted to run away to Constantino-
ple. Tneir heroic effort unfortunately failed ; 20 of them
were killed, and 15 others brought to Alexandria.
The Commission of Redress, on the part of the French
Consul, arrived on the 3d inst. at Alexandria. The Pacha
promises all reparation, and it is said that Mahmoud Bey
is deposed.
Great jealousy is said to exist between Ibrahim and
Abbas Pacha.
The plague is nearly at an end.
GREECE.

krittis, JULY B.—On the demand of Mr. Green, Go-
vernment has authorised him to establish a bank at Old
Patras, with a capital zif 50,000/. sterling. The politics
of Greece remain in statu quo.

THE CASE OF JOHN THORO-

GOOD.

(Abridged from the Essex herald of Tuesday.)
Yesterday morning at eleven o'clock a public meet.
ing of the inhabitants of Chelmsford, convened by the
Churchwardens, was held in Vestry, to consider what
should be done in the case of John Thorogood, in con-
sequence of what took place on the subject in the
House of Commons on Friday the 124th ult. The
meeting was the largest we ever recollect to have seen
assembled on parochial business, and it was eecessarily
adjourned to the National School-room.
The Rev. C. A. St. John Mildmay, the Rector, took
the Chair.
Mr. T. M. GFPs', the Churchwarden, hoped they
would consider it essential to pursue the course hi
therto adopted.

Mr. R. BARTLT:TT moved a long series of resolu-
tions, expressive of the opinion of the meeting, that the
Churchwardens had acted properly and judiciously in
enforcing the rate against Thorogood, and with as
conciliatory and forbearing a spirit as their situation
admitted.
Mr. P. WOOD seconded the resolution.

Mr. T. M. GEPP entered into a defence of th course
pursued by the Churchwardens, and he would at onee
declare that he had no vindictive feeling against Thoro-
good ; he would go further and say, he should be ex-
ceedingly happy to see him discharged, and would will-
ingly acquiesce in it, but in doing an act of mercy they
were not to forget that they should do an act of injustice
if they consented to his release without payment of the
I.:Ate and costs. The costs amounted to 75/. 2s. 3d.
Mr. G. said he never charged, nor did he intend to
charge, one farthing for himself. He contended that Sir
Robert Peel and others in the House of Commons
never intended that Thorogood should be discharged
without payment of the rate and costs. Mr. G.
pointedly contradicted the statement which bad been
made by Thorogood that the proceedings had been
advised by the Bishop of London and Ali.. Mildmay,
the Rector.

Mr. C. S. GRAY spoke in condemnation of the
course pursued, and said that the same spirit that im-
prisoned Thorognod would have lighted the fires of
Smithfield.

Mr. J. MARRIAGE, jun., moved an amendment con-
demnatory of the proceedings against Thorogood, and
of Ecclesiastical Courts, and said, that though it was
stated the Churchwardens had proceeded on their
own responsibility, they now wanted to shift that re-
sponsibility from themselves to the parish..
Mr. W. C. WELLS seconded the amendment.
Mr. T. CHRISTI supported the amendment, and said
a persecution like this wss a disgrace to the town of
Chelmsford as long as it remained.
Dr. PRICHARD spoke strongly against the course
adopted towards Thorogood, and described his being
seriously afflicted with tic doloreux in the present year.
Mr. J. MARRIAGE, sen., said he had not attended
any of the meetings relating to Thorogood, or ex-
pressed any opinion on his case, but now he thought
eighteen months' imprisonment had proved his sin-
cerity, and he only wondered that with his
trials, sufferings, and privations, he had not
committed himself further than it appeared
he had done. He thought that they had better leave
the whole case with the churchwardens, and he hoped
it would not be carried to the ends of the kingdom,
that now there was a prospect of his being released,
they were going to do anything against this man.
Mr. GREENWOOD and Mr. FENTON next addressed
the meeting ; the latter gentleman said the Church-
wardens being shamed by the opinions expressed by
parties of every shade and colour in the House of Com-
mons, had called the meeting to shift the responsibility
to the shoulders of the party who supported them in the
parish.
Mr. COPLAND then addressed the meeting at great
length, defending Thorogood, and dwelling on the in-
jurious effect such proceedings had upon the Established
Church, and said before this persecuting spirit was
manifested there were is Chelmsford Hundred 29 places
of dissenting worship, and now there were 41.
The Rev. J. GRAY also spoke against the resolutions.
Mr. BARTLETT replied.

The amendment was then withdrawn in order that
the sense of the meeting might be taken at once on the
original resolutions. They were accordingly put and
carried.
Mr. J. COPLAND said, as these resolutions perpetu-
ated the imprisonment of John Thorogood,he demanded
a poll on the part of those who dissented from them.
The poll was then fixed to take place at the Shire-
hall, to commence at nine this morning and close at four
in the afternoon, and re-open at nine tomorrow morning
and finally close at five.
Thanks were then voted to the Chairman-, 'and the
meeting separated.
The fine w.-‘' - has be'
rIl-.

....tier of the past week has been gene .
itiroughout the British Islands, as far as can be ascertaine d
by the accounts from all quarters which have reached London.
A few more weeks of similar weather, and the harvest may
under Divine Providence, be reckoned safe.

EVENING
_EDITION.

THE REV• T. GREGG.

TO THE EDIT 01? OF THE SUN.
Sta,—Your liberal mind will be vexed to hear that
this City has been visited with a dreadful exhibition of
bigotry by the preaching and lecturing of the Rev. T—d
Gregg, a gentleman imported from Dublin, for the es-
pecial use of the Protestant Operative Association in
Norwich. His sermon was a long tirade of presump-
tion, bigotry, and ill nature. Thus, he says, "WE
Protestants are God's Church, the Catholics or Papists
are the _Devil's Cbarcb." I- will not tire you by recit-
ing more of his elegancies ; in kis stay he proved from
Matthew to Revelations ; the Harlot of Rome, the
beast and its marks, Ste.
He lectured at St. Andrew's Hall to a large assem-
bly of upwards of 4,000 persons, of whom by tar the
greater proportion were females. I should say three
females to one male. Here he was more diversified in
his topics, entering largely into politics, stating himself
to be a Political Parson, he declared there would be no
peace nor rest in the country until the Parliament was
purged of Papists. Three cheers for the expulsion of
Papists. This, I am sorry to say, was loudly responded
to, with one cheer more. I was ashamed of my fellow-
citizens. He abused the Ministry, most so Lord John.;
very sharply denounced Sir Robert Peel ; loudly sati-
rized the Bench of Bishops, and declared that all the
ills Britain labours under—want of trade, a Whim domi-
nation, 0-Connell King, the New Poor law Bill,e and
machinery, were all caused by the fatal Bill of 1829.
In haste,
