PUBLIC MEETING.

THE MARQUIS OF SLIGO,
DURSUANT to a Published Requisition calling
a Meeting of the Inhabitants of WESTPORT and its
Neighbourhood, to devise the best means of expressing their
tvarmest approbation of the conduct of the Marquis of SLIGO,
Whilst
-v
st Governor of Jamaica, as 11 as of his disinterested decla-
ration of his intention of fully Emancipating his Slaves on the
FIRST of AUGUST next, a most numerous and highly respect-
ab:e Meeting; assembled at the Court House of WESTPORT on
FRIDAY, the 6th of APRIL, instant, when the following resolu-
tions were unanimously adopted
Ist. Proposed by Fitzgerald Higgins, Esq., seconded by the
theyVer Rot. Dean Bourke --That George Clendining, Esq. do take
chair.
2d. Proposed by 'the Very Rev. Dean Bourke, seconded by
Samuel Smyth, Esq.
Resolved—That having observed with pride and admiration the
declaration made by the Marquis of Sligo, of his intention of Eman-
cipating the poor Negroes on his Estate in Jamaica, from the first
or August next, and connected as we are with his Lordship by the
closest ties, we feel imperatively bound to record the high sense of
gratification we, in connection with all friends to humanity, have
derived from a determination of such pure and disinterested bene-
volence.
Proposed by M. M'Donnell, Esq.,- seconded by William
Levingsten, Esq.
, Resolved—That the address to the Marquis of Sligo, now read,
oe adopted, embod!ing these our sentiments, and that the same be
respectfully forwarded by our chairman, to his Lordship, and that
ourthe Purpose
of recording in the most permanent manner, those
fro
feelings, we do respectfully request of his Lordship to accept
rom us some enduring token worthy of him, on which shall be er!-
gra.ven a lasting memorial of his truly noble conduct, and our admi-
-I:!ition of it, to perpetuate our feelings for the benefit and instruc-
tion of his Lordship's successors as well as our own.
4th. Proposed by Fitzgerald Higgins, Esq., and seconded by
Uourtuey Kenny, Esq.
Resolved—That a fund he now established for that purpose, and
placed in the Bank of Ireland.

GEORGE CLENDINING, Chairman.
sinPyrt°hP,aEsed,q.bLFitzgerald Higgins, Esq., :and seconded by Samuel
veThat George Clendining, Esq., do leave the chair, and that the
Y Rev. Dean Bourke be called thereto.
Est he thanks of the meeting were proposed by Ti!. M'Donnell.
and seconded by Courtney Kenny, and were unanimously
en. to George Clendining, Esq., for his proper and dignified con-
e the chair.

B. BOURKE, Chairman.
Westport, 7th April, 1838.
Loan ,
—I have the honor to transmit to your Lordship the
resolutions and address from a meeting held here, pursuant to re-
quisition, on the 6th instant, called for the purpose of expressing
our feelings of approval of your wise and humane Government of
Jamaica, followed up by the noble example of humanity and disin-
terestedness in your late declaration in your place in Parliament,
that no slave shall be on your estates there on the let August
next." I shall not attempt to describe to your Lordship the happy
scene on this interesting occasion; all anxious to give vent to the
feelings of pride and gratitude, that it fell to the lot of their friend
and neighbour to be thus enrolled so distinguished a member of the
great benefactors of an oppressed race of our fellow Creatures.
Permit me to add for myself how sensibly I feel the high honor
conferred on me in being selected to
preside at such an assembly,
since y, as I
recollecting
our birth. must, the close connexion with your Lordship

I have the honor to remain,
Your Lordship's most faithful servant,
G. CLENDINING.

The Marquis of Sligo &c. &e. &c.
Mansfield-street, London.
THE ADDRESS.
Westport, April 6th, 1838.
vern m
IVY Loan,—On your arrival some short time ago from the Go-
Y Lt
of Jamaica, we did ourselves the honour to express to
ap Lordship our feelings of delight and unbounded gratification
seeing you amongst us after the satisfactory manner you dis-
charged the duties of your exalted office in that Colony. But the
noble
,• determination you announced in
your place in the House of
e_rds on a recent occasion, when you declared that you would
_"'aneipate the slaves on your own estates, on the Ist of August
next, holds forth to the world an example of noble disinterested-
ness for which vou deserve the eternal gratitude of every humane
being, who values either religion or humanity.
Need we say what pride and pleasure we feel at witnessing the
expressionsof admiration conveyed to your Lordship by the Anti-
slavery delegates of England, Ireland, and Scotland, and other
Public bodies, when we consider the strong ties subsisting between
us, and when we consider the long-wished for event of a total
Abolition of Negro Slavery, for which every friend of the human
race panted, at length happily accomplished by your Lordship,
conceiving as we do, that it is impossible for the odious system to
continue after the declaration of your Lordship.
jTo convince you how strongly and sincerely we feel on this sub-
ect, and in order to perpetuate our sentiments, may we beg you
will accept a piece of Plate, as a lasting monument of your exertions
In the cause of humanity, and as a record of our feelings, to show
Your descendants, when history shall transmit the important
events in accomplishing which you have se largely contributed, how
warmly and sincerely your friends in this neighbourhood valued
Your noble exertions.
In conclusion, we pray the Almighty Father of the whole human
race to pour his choicest blessings upon you, and preserve many
Years a life so valuable, and when about to quit this earthly habita-
tion, that you may experience the same mercy which you have been
50 anxious to impart to your oppressed fellow creatures, is the fer-
vent prayer of your sincere friends and humble servants.
- G. CLENDINING—Chairman.
HIS LORDSHIP'S ANSWER.
London, Mansfield-street, April 11, 1838.
My Dear Sir,—l have this moment had the pleasure of receiving
your letter of the 'it'll, enclosing to me a copy of resolutions passed
at a general meeting of the inhabitants of Westport and its neigh-
bourhood, and an address which it was one of their resolutions that
I should receive at your hands.
May I request that you will be kind enough to communicate to
illy dear friends, who so far honoured me, the enclosed reply, and
to believe me when I say, that my pleasure is much enhanced by
seeing the man whom my Father selected as one of the Guardians
°' his son, and my own unflinching, unwearied, and dearest. friend,
takis_ an active part in forwarding to me this most gratifying ex-
-I."&teri of the good opinion of my fellow citizens and friends.
I remain, Sir,
Your most devoted servant,
SLIGO.

George Clendining, Esq., Westport.

" London, April 11, 1838.
Gitiirtgiiikis,—lt has been my lot to receive on many occasions
°I public life, addresses from various bodies of persons with whom
haye come into contact.
8"1e in the usual style of courtesy, giving me credit for qualities
ThAe•shich they were yet unacquainted.
In were very flattering to me
Others testifying their approbation' of ray conduct after they had
exyirienced it.
eSe were of course still more gratifying to me.
. But it has been reserved for me to receive, on the present occa-
sion, one which cannot ever be exceeded in deep interest, by any
which it may be my fortune at any future time to be honoured.h
everylon have known me from my birth, you are acquainted with
flictte ?'et °I my life, and therefore the more strongly do I feel this
Theri ns testimonial of your good opinion.
the determination to emancipate my apprentices, which
.has been
not 0 Ore immediate cause of this expression of your feelings,
°;mature riie in the hasty impulse of the moment ; it was the result
ef deliberation and ich thought. Considerations having
th,e2roence solely to the ultimate advantage of the great body of
at ienetTes of Jamaica prevented my sooner putting it in force ;
fk/ourgab-l' however, finding my difficulties removed, and occasion
the abolijt I adopted the course I thought most likely to promote
With ~1°.4 of this accursed system.
and vihevri,de and gratitude I accept your offer of the piece of.Platel,
truit it)l shall be no longer an inhabitant of this world, it ,
I Was held honoured bv my descendants as a proof of the estimation
d by my dear friends at Westport.
With sentiments of deep feeling,
I remain, Gentleman,
Your devoted servant, _

'sum
►siGdT RESTORED, AND HEADACHE

CURED,
BY THE USE OF
GRIMSTONE'S EYE, SNUFF.
Q. j. Gu THU This Snuff is Patronized by the ROYAL FAMILY.
M, Esq, F. R. S., the eminent Surgeon, strongly recommends
GRLMSTONE'S EYE-SNUFF.
A FE w EXTRACTS FROM THE PRESS.
:.-.• one
or From the News and SUNDAY Gum, Aug, 27, 1&37.
tgvyead_mtituteedin, ost splendid discoveries of the present age is now univer-
hY the testimony of the most unquestionable authorities,
pa.a....Gitimivroxa's EYE SNUFF. This flue herbaceous compound far stir-
" teeth*orthirg before offered t the world ; and from its salutary effect!
•,7,."'1?0 habittully use t, ti
may be truly esteemed a
.nationaltbel?:-
Rtued_ y tune has been, when every third man you met in thes r,
organs att, one through Use medium of spectacles, or protected hist
was visuala
Llinki_ Y shades of various hues and shapes. Verily the pat.
em
,ba
ticaii.^.F generation ! We ask, is it so now? Every one innues
be 2ttri:
bute,flV"fer, " No! " To what can this mit aculeu,s el
I.Enilch affords certain rev
~,,.. but to the immensocconsumption.of.GriinStOne a Celaebgr.ated Snuff;
.E.EDa Ex.
We can, from experienceie r honest testimony to its super_
Ine,eriayffearffoicut n of the Eyes, (
labtiFjoerits —From the News and Sunday Globe.—Editor:
appointment
? G. Lobe, of the Ilavannah Isl f C b rec-ived his
Don Don Pedro Ortiz
Standard,)
th September.—(see standard.)
G. Lobe vends 3,54 i cage* yearly.
Consul tou atle Court of Great Britain,
%stony may be seen in Spanish and E
uglisliti,ismo,.rdierros
berY • 14 K'
„ ing-street ; and at the manufactory," d
..Tims.— Recommendsthe • Boo,q_yar , ,e r i
3s 100 flet
'eta. —Editor. . universal adoption of Granstene's Eye
lacinsdtrleeettt
-Poirr.— We feel pleasure in giving our testimony to the efficacy 0
brimstone's Eye Snuff —Editor.
ki„arfitist.—The high reputation of this Suuff is justified by its restore-
e qualities.—Editor
Rvrevnvo MAIL. 'fake Grimstone's Eye Snuff, as a preventive or cure
the diseased organs of the head.—Editor
..„1-01$,L!RPOOL CPIHONICLE.—The many cases. of cure, by of this
"ailC, Is wonderful.— Ed' t East AND W I ' loir.means
difficult to prove as
treventive; INT EWA AGAZINE. - Nothing is so .
.-
but this we de k oi; that Grimstone's Eye 1
Ite again" Cmi„tegion, and aupowerful restorative of si ht
.I— Snuff is an a
thish— Snuff i.
I.n. 1: e
gler„, . ;7..Salta LJJEDNIcLig. —We should be glad to see
011111,",..lt is rt,!af,? and powerful restorative.— d
ration ash LI 4
s we understand,
INE a LYE SNUFF.—The utility elf. t‘his. important preps
Stow ('eoming daily more apparent, te fact i ,
seou established
d the ma
beyond controversy, that [during the prevalence of that
Isriar.ge Cholera, those who used Grimstone's Ee Snuff
teisseeape
d, it is well
kilo'', (ttee Dr. Andrews's Reports.; When frequently
inenabran:enovate the Nervous System,
u. on the optic nerve.
As this ariA exercises a most salutary. 11 e_
by_itsnaccetion upon the pituitary
a reereantile e is entirely matte from '
all, those who prefer the
*neoura , Point of view, the consideration of.
,ritliushu'llerbs It deserves, even ill
to the . . e narcotic herblnventor appears to us
I,ernent of a wholesome and useful article of home manufacture,
t services he
rb entitled to the t ' for the eminent Tobacco. On the whole, the
bas conferred
thanks of the coun r) . ^ M reh
087, ---i Upon it by this discovery.- kalitor of the Sun.--d i a s
h Canister.—
Vitil tt.„," E the INVENTOR'S SIGNATURE on cac KENT,azui , ".1 atronage of hie late Majesty, H. R. H. the Duchess 0!
2. 44 le
lends of the Treasury Sold in Canisters, Iss. lid. '0" 4s. '
—IC 21 and Bd, each, .
OLD SNUFFS and CIGARS as Imported

MORISON'S PILL',—CAUTION.
WIIEREAS spurious imitations of my Medicines
liygei are now in circulation, I, JAMES MORRISON, the
lowie,:tvhrebY give notice, that I am in no wise connected with the fol.
'ulna 01: `Lciner purporting to be mine, and sold uneer the various
Proved , Dr. Morrison's Pills," " The Hygeian " The Irn-
TOrripo, n'',,egetable Universal Pills," " The Original Morison, s Pills, as
"by the late Mr. Moat," " The Original Hygeian Vegetable
That Original Munson's Pills," B‘c
IlamiltrY Medicines are prepared only At the British College of Health,
,r.L'Place, King's Cross, and sold by the General Agents to the
Solifeiset,is authorized by Luilege of Health and 'their Sub-Agents, and that no Chemist or
me to dispose et the same.
•KEUicti:l„,be genuine without the words " MORIS S ERSAL
141>nn a are engraved on the Governm nt Stamp, In white letters
Rrni 11-- ground In witneas whereof I have hereunto se' my. hand.
--"ege Health, JAMES MORISON,
'ther,,-,,c1,.).ad, April, 1838, The Ilygeist.
134 • •
w'ng is a List of ibe principal Depot' whore the Medicines may
tdicai be had in London :
Uadr,„„ issenter Office, 368, Strand ; fr
,flooksi?ller,, •,
c 174", -l:egent.street ; • r. Loft., City Agent, Park_ glace, Mile
.End ;
Za,lett Pre, Bookselier, 19, Cornhill, late of 97, Royal Exchange , Mr.
ester' "°, ffatclifr Highway; Mrs. 'rwell, 10, I:and-court,
,Holborn ;
kez,, n„rt Branch, 72, Edgewaia Road; Alessrs Hannay and
Oxford-str a corner of WO's-street ; Mr. Cowell, 22, lerrace,
rthao Brsh C 41.46 of Health, 113111111:011-04ce King's :rose; and
444-4SelltS,

S TEAM CARRIACE and WAGGON
COMPANY,
For the Conveyance of Goods and Passengers throughout England.

DIRECTORS.
Henry Stuart, Esq., M.P. Sir James Anderson, Bart.
Henry Broadwood, Esq., M.P. N. D. Bold, Esq.
Thomas Hawkes, Esq., M.P. Jasper Rogers, Esq.
ptain Boldero, M.P. William Holmes, Isq.
F. Dayrell, Esq. Daniel Blyth, Esq.
With power to add to their numbers.
J. B. Jones, Esq., MANAGING DIRECTOR.
SOLICITOa—H. W. Ravenscroft, Esq.
SECRETARY—W. Shaw, Esq.
Bansnas—Messrs. Coutts and CO.
LIVERPOOL.
BANKERS—Messrs. Bold and CO.
MANCHESTER.
BANKERS—Messrs. Daintry, Ryle, and Co.
The practicability of running steam-carriages upon common
roads with a degree of rapidity far beyond the utmost speed of
horses in draught, and at from one half to a third less cost, has
long since been proved by the Report of a Committee of the House
of Commons, after a most minute and searching inquiry. This
opinion has since been confirmed by, some of our most talented
engineers, amongst whose names will be found that of the late Mr.
Telford. Those who are acquainted with the history of the steam-
engine, from its earliest. infancy down to the period when Messrs.
Bolton and Watt effected their invaluable improvements, those
who in later times have seen the obstacles which impeded steam
navigation, and are acquainted with the degree of perfection to
which it has now been brought, will not readily fall into the error
of concluding that because the attempts to run steam-carriages
upon common roads have hitherto been unsuccessful, that that
object is unattainable.
Mechanical men have long agreed that the paramount means of
ensuring success was the constructing a boiler having such a dispo-
sition of its parts as would rapidly produce the most dense steam,
combined with such strength as permanently to resist the utmost
internal pressure,' and all possible external collision, whilst the ma-
chinery should be so arranged as that the concussions and agita-
tions of the common roads should not operate upon it prejudicially.
Sir James C. Anderson, Bart., after man, years of study and
persevering application, has succeeded in perfecting a boiler pos-
sessing these invaluable properties ; and has also devised a simple
and effective arrangement of the machinery for applying its power
to the propulsion of carriages.
Feeling confident that the difficulties which prevented the adop-
tion of this most important improvement in our internal communi-
cation have at length been overcome, the Directors of the Steam
Carriage Company have made arrangements by which the Com-
pany will possess the exclusive right of using Sir James C. Ander-
son's Patent Steam Carriage upon common roads, as also the boiler
for all locomotive purposes in England.
A carriage is nearly completed, and will be speedily submitted to
such proof as the Directors may require, and will be kept in repair
for twelve months free of expense to the Company.
The boilers of all the carriages will be maintained in good repair
for the first twelve months at the sole cost of the Patentees, who
seek no payment or remuneration until the first carriage shall have
been proved to the full satisfaction of the Directors. The Patentees
will keep in repair, at a certain mileage, any number of carriages
which may be required by the Company ; thus determining the
amount of expenditure, and reducing the profits to a certainty.
No capital need be sunk beyond the cost of each steam-drag and
carriage, as they may be required ; and as each gets into work, an
immediate return will be made upon the capital invested.
As a profitable investment for capital there is not the slightest
doubt that this undertaking offers much greater advantages than any
that has been brought before the public for many years.
So far as regards the probability of this mode of conveyance ob-
taining the patronage of the public, it should be observed that the
following causes will operate to bring it into use.
The preference now given to canals and waggons for the trans-
port of goods shows the appreciation by the commercial world of
cheapness in comparison with speed, but by this mode of conveyance
cheapness and speed will be united.
Passengers or goods destined for the towns established on the
turnpike roads will derive considerable advantage from the steam-
carriages passing through them, thereby, so far as regards those
roads which come in competition with lines of railways, compen-
sating for the difference of speed by avoiding the inconvenience of
getting from the stations on the railways to the places of destination.
It is very probable that railways will be limited to a certain num-
ber of grand lines, the vast cost of laying down railroads rendering
a profitable return doubtful except in eases where the traffic is very
great.
Supposing that railroads should be laid down upon all the main
hoes, and found to answer the object intended, the steam-carriages
will be invaluable adjuncts, as supplying the place of railroads from
tile places lying between the railways, thus forming tributary streams
of passengers and goods to the grand lines.
Passengers and goods can be conveyed by these carriages at double
the average speed of horses, and at half the expense, and at the same
time realise a very large profit to the Company.
Decrease of expense will, therefore, it may be fairly presumed,
not only materially increase traffic, but ensure the patronage of the
Public.

Local Directors will be appointed at the following places as soon
as the allotment of Shares shall have been made, and of which clue
notice will be given :—Liverpool, Manchester, Birmingham, York,
Bristol, Gloucester, Oxford, Exeter, and in such other places as
may hereafter be deemed eligible.
The Capital of the Company to be 500,0001. in Shares of 101.
each. Nu party to hold less than five Shares. Deposit, I/. on every
five Shares.

Further information may be obtained of the Secretary, at the
Temporary Office of the Company, IS, Moorgate-street, London ;
to whom applications for Shares must be addressed before the Ist
of May next, if by letter, post paid.
WILLIAM SIIAW, Secretary.

CRYSTAL SPECTACLES.
The superiority of THOMAS lIARRIS and SON'S
CRYSTAL SPECTACLES for preserving the Sight, over those
made of other substances, is now universally admitted by setentise
men, and by all who have used them, at the following low prices :
For Ladies. For Gentlemen.
Crystal Spectacles, best gold £2 8 0 £2 15 0
Ditto Silver
Ditto Elastic Steel
Harris and Son, Opticians, 52, Great Russell-street, opposite
the British luseurn.—Established 60 Years. No other connection.

DR. SCOTT'S VOICE CONDUCTORS, for
the use of Deaf persons ; are similar to a pair of spectacles,
and are worn with the same ease, remaining on the ears without giving
any trouble. The moment they are put on the wearer is released
from deafness ; and as they may be worn also under caps, bonnets,
and hats, are equally available at church, the theatre, or any public
assembly ; and, in private life, they supply that which is so
anxiously sought for by those who are deaf.
Apply to Mr. W. Pine, Superintendent at Dr. Scott's Family
Dispensary, 369, Strand, three doors from Exeter-hall.

FRANKS'S SPECIFIC SOLUTION OF
COPAIBA.
Within a period of Two Months upwards of Three Hundred Patients
were successfully treated at the Metropolitan Hospitals with IRAN Ki'S
SPECIFIC SOLUTION of COPAIBA.
By Joseph Henry Green Esq., F.R.S., one of the Council of the Royal
College of Surgeons, Surgeon to St. Thomas's Hospital, and Professor
of Surgery in the King's College, London.
I ha c mate trial of Mr. Frank's Solution of ('opaiba, at St. Thomas's
Hospital, in a variety of cases of discharges in the male and female, and
the results warrant my stating, that it is an efficacious remedy, and ono
which does not produce the usual unpleasant effects of Copaiba.
(Signed "JOSEPH HENRY GREEN.
" 46, Lincoln's-Inn-Gelds, April 15, 15.3.5,
on Anatomy, &c. ac., and others most eminent in the Medical
By Bransby Cooper, F.sq., F.R. S., Surgeon to Guy's Hospital, and Lec-
turer

Profession.
Mrcompliments to Mr. George Franks,
ri‘d‘ has. Bgrreaant spblLCsuoro inr hearing testimony his
testimony of the efficacy of his Solution
Copaiha in Gonorrhoea, 1.4 r wilier? disease 31r. Cooper ha prescribed
•
the Solution in ten or twel,e cases with perfect success.
« New-street, Spring-gardens, April 13, ISLA" •
Gleets, Urethral I .ischarges, Spasmodic Strictures, Irrita-
tion invaluable Medicino is confidently. recommended in all cases of
and Prostate Glasse! ; its purl f,..
ing effects upon the gent rat health render it particularly applicable in all
th'
orrfhtcehea'Kidneys, Bladder, Urethra,
cases of relaxed fibre and nervous debility.
prepared George
Franks,u ene-venders
in the United Kingdom, in 90, Illackfriars-road, Lon;
don,
ndr ecl onlymayl) by G
, h2doefoarigi
mei
Bottles at 2s. M., 4s. 6d., and I Is. each
Ca UT I ON. —Unless " George Franks, Blackfriars-road," is engraved on
the Government Stamp, it cannot be genuine.
ist• Nir.".l ranks may be consulted until Two o'cloc 's daily.

EXCELLENT BUSINESS PREMISES and DWELLING
HOUSE.

MESSRS. LESLIE and SON will SELL by
AUCTION, on the Premises, New.road, Fitzroy-square
on WEDNESDAY, April 25, at Twelve, (by order of the Executors
of the late Mr. Marks).
The valuable LEASE of those commanding and extensive PRE-
MISES, situate opposite Charlotte-street, Fitzroy-square, in the
best part of the New-road; used for many years as a coach manu-
factory, for which, or any other business requiring room, they are
very well adapted, having a back entrance for carriages from Lox-
wood-place. The premises comprise several large light workshops,
a handsome show shop, and a large space in the front. There is
also an excellent dwelling house, fitted with every convenience :
held for a long term, at a low rent.
May be viewed seven days preceding the sale, when particulars
may be had on the premises; of H. J. Neild, Esq., 3, King_
street, Cheapside ; and of Leslie and Son, auctioneers, 45, Mar-
garet-street, Cavendish-square.

HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, PAINTINGS and PRINTS'
700 VOLUMES of BOOKS, BOOKCASES, GLASS,
CHINA, PLATED ARTICLES, PIANOFORTE, GUN,
FISHING TACKLE, and MISCELLANEOUS EFFECTS.
MESSRS. LESLIE and SON will SELL by
AUCTION, upon the Premises, No. 16, New-road,
Fitzroy-square, on FRIDAY, April 27, at Twelve, by order of the
Executors,
The HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, comprising mahogany
four-post and other bedsteads, furniture, bedding and other chamber
furniture, pedestal and other sideboards, large carpets, glasses,
chairs, the usual kitchen requisites, and various other effects.
May be viewed one day preceding, and catalogues had on the
premises ; and of Leslie and Son, auctioneers, 45, Margaret-street,
Cavendish-square.

nRETT'S IMPROVED BRANDY at 18s.
ILO the Imperial Gallon, not only maintains its ascendancy over
every merely British production, but is acknowledged to be superior
to the ordinary " Eau de Vie" of France ! Dealers can receive a
supply of the genuine IMPROVED BRANDY, exclusively from
this Establishment, where sample bottles (2s. and 35. 6d. each)
may be obtained; and whence a single gallon or upwards will be
forwarded, Carriage Free, to any market town in England, if pre-
viously settled for in London. Other Spirits and Wines of the
most unexceptionable quality, on Moderate Terms, for Prompt
Payment.
HENRY BRETT and CO.,
Old Furnival's-Inn, Holborn Bars.

CABINET UPHOLSTERY, and BEDDING,
at the CABINET-MAKERS' SOCIETY, 71, LEADEN-
HALL-STREET, Enrolled agreeably to Act of Parliament ;
being real manufacturers in all its branches. The system upon
which this is conducted precludes the possibility of competition for
cheapness, quality, and durability, as not any house in London can
manufacture at these prices. The Society wishes it to be thorougly
understood, that they do not receive hawked or other goods for sale,
like the bazaars and haberdashers - but they make every article
themselves, which enable them confidently to warrant their goods
of the very best materials. If any fault appear it will be made
good, free of all charge for twelve months. A trial is earnestly
solicited of those about to furnish, as the only criterion by which
the merits and decided advantages of purchasing at this establish-
ment can be fairly estimated. This Society being founded for the
support of industrious mechanics, the funds of which provide for
its members in old age and burial, they therefore sincerely hope that
their humble endeavours will meet with public patronage.
For ready mony only and no abatement.
71, Leadenhall-street, London.

11DOPING-COUGH cured without Inward
Medicine.
In ccnsequenee of the beneficial ellects of ROCHE'S E B ROC ATI ON
for the oure of that distressing com:Jaint, the 11. IOPING COUGH,
Royal Letters Patent c ele granted to J. IWCHE, to secure tvellim his
valuab e composition.
Many thousands of children a-e cured annually by this remedy; on the
first atiark, an immediate amhication of the EMBROCATION will pre.
vent the complaint taking any hold of the constitution, and a few times
may completvly cure. In most eases, one bottle will produce the de•ired
effect"; and no remedy can be so cell calculated for children as this, for it
equires no medicine to betaken inwardly.
In no case call this medicine be genuine sinless signed on the wrapper,
RoCHE," and on the Stamp," Evan Edwards, ti 7, St. Paul's."
4s. and I/ 2s. per Bottle.
Sold by E. Edwards, (V 7, St. Paul's Church-yard ; Sanger, 1511, Chand-
ler, 7g, Oxford-street Cornball, White, 24, Corn', opposite tht Royal Exchange;
and by most Dealers its Medicines. ice

This day was published, by T. HILL, Medical Bookseller, Great
Windmill-street, Haymarket, price 2s. fid.,
APRACTICAL ESSAY on the DEBILI.
TIES of the GENERATIVE SYSTEM. THEIR
VARIETIES, CAUSES, TREATMENT, and CURE.
By a MEMBER of the ROYAL COLLEGE of SURGEONS,
LONDON, and
SURGEON to a METROPOLITAN INFIRMARY.
Sold by Simpkin and Marshall, Stationers'-eourt ; Onwhyn, Ca-
therine-stroet, Strand; Templeman, 248, Regent-street ; Chap-
pell, 19, Cornhill ; and all Booksellers in Town or Country.

On the let May will be p pricei Is. 6d. shed, to b
of
e continued Moathly, Part I.'
THE JOURNAL of the STATISTICAL
SOCIETY of LONDON.
With the view of encouraging the growing taste for Statistics,
of uniting the efforts of existing Societies, and of promoting the
establishment of others, as well as of affording a channel of com-
munication upon Statistical subjects, this Journal is commenced.
It will contain an account of the Proceedings of the Statistical
Society of London, and of those Societies in the Country with
e ; Queries and Tabular forms for prosecuting
which it is in correspondence ; Notices of their Meetings ; Copies
°r
Statistical
b
u ofj Papers read before them ; Communications on
ori:inal Inquiries; Copies or Abstracts of Parliamentary Reports
and Papers relating to Statistics; Reviews and Lists of New Sta-
tistical Works ; with useful Tables, and such other matter as will
promote,
in various ways, the objects of the publication.
London : Charles Knight and Co., Ludgate-street.
scts

uoAnniteir:tii SUPERINTENDENCE of the SOCIETY for the
Fill be published, to be continued Monthly,
loFfF3UIaSyION of USEFUL KNOWLEDGE.
Part I. of
STATISTICALSII)et
HIT ISH EMPIRE : exhibiting its Extent, Physical
Capacities, population, Industry, an Civil and Religious
Institutions.
By J. R. M'CULLOCII, Esq.
Assisted by numerous contributors.
Second Edition, Corrected and Enlarged. The Work will be
completed
Eight Parts, price ss. each, forming Two thick closely
in
printed Octavo
Volumes.
Charles Knight and Co., Ludgate-street.
London :
i

Three Splendid Volumes, bound
in cloth, price Three Pounds,
riiHE PICTORIAL BIBLE: being the Old
Earlyinita-7—y
a and New Testament, according to the Authorized Version.
Illustrated with many hundred Wood-cuts, epresenting the Hi t
will be completed, in Ttn-7—s-----•--------
rico Events, after the most celebrated Pictures ; the Landscape'a-
d the Enravings, and of such Passages eon.'
Scenes, from Original Drawings or from Authentic t-1.-ravi
and the subjects of Natural History, of Costume, and of 6Antiquities,
from the best Sources. Ton which are added, Original Notes
n e
c chiefly'te, Geography, Natural History, and Anti-
quities of the Sacred Scriptures as require Observation.
London : Charles Knight and Co., Ludgate-street.
ewxiptlhanthateTlistorYt

On the Ist May will be published, Part 1., of
A NEW TRANSLATION of the TALES
11.13
ISAANN DN ANDGT
SO,
ENTERTAINMENTSNE NIGHTS,
in
Copious Notes.
By EDWARD WILLIAM LANE, Esq.
,i,:.:,intgh.lanJOa Fs
theA ARABIAN
Author of " The Modern Egyptians."
Illustrated with many hundred Wood-Cuts, Engraved by the
first English Artists, after Original Designs, by William Harvey,
Esq. To be published in Monthly Parts, price 2s. 6d. each,
forming Three splendid Volumes in Royal Bvo.
In preparing to offer to the English reader an entirely new ver-
sion of the Tales of a Thousand and One Nights, it is one of the
chief objects of the translator to render these enchanting fictions as in-
teresting to persons of mature age and education as they have hitherto
been to the young,
attractions which have chiefly recommended them to the latter.
and to do this without divesting them of those
The version which has so long amused ns, not made immediately
from the original Arabic, but through the medium of a French
translation, is extremely loose, and abounds with such errors as
greatly detract from the most valuable quality of the work, which
is that of presenting a series of most faithful and minutely-detailed
pictures of the manners and customs of the Arabs. The Author of
" The Manners and Customs of the Modern Egyptians" is engaged
in translating the whole of the original work, with the exception of
such portions as he deems uninteresting, or on any account objection-
able. The original work being designed solely for the entertain-
ment of Arabs, copious notes will be added to the translation, to
render it more intelligible and agreeable to the English reader.
The engravings which will be so numerously interspersed in the
translation will considerably assist to explain both the text and the
notes ; and to ensure their accura,y, to the utmost of his ability,
with respect to costume, architecture, and scenery, the translator
%% ill supply the artist with dresses and other requisite materials, and
will be allowed to suggest any corrections that he may find neces-
sary, without fettering his imagination, which, judging from the
progress already made in the designs, promises to make the pictorial
embellishments of the work fully correspond with the rich variety
of its descriptions.
London : Charles Knight and Co., Ludgate-street.
