EPIGRAMS.

On the report of a meld ELOPEMENT Irerti the KING'S
THEATRE.
Like ATALANTA the fair Dancer fell,
Because she loved the golden BALL too well.

ANOTH ER.
-The fair Damsel is gone, and no wonder at all,
That bred up to the dance, she is fond of a BALL.

ANOTHER.
'Fe who have often asked in vain,
Why COBBETT brought the bones of PAINE,
To know the truth no longer toil,
motive was to snake a broil.

MERCANTILE SWIPING.

DEAL, MARCH 19.—Wind N.N.W.—Put back thismorn-
ing the Shakespear, Robinson, for the South Seas, with loss
of an anchor and cable. Arrived and remain the Earl Clan-
carty, Motele, from Rotterdam; Lusitania, Gibbons, from
Oporto ; and Hopewell, Coulson, froM Honduras. Sailed this
morning the whole of the outward-bound, except the Madras,
Clark, for Madras and Bengal; Trial, Harvey, for Jamaica.;
and Niger, Walker, for Grenada.

PLYKtoimr, 111Anert IB.—Wind W.—Arrived the Cognac,
Barton, 5 weeks from Charente, with brandy—passed a vessel
bottom up on Sunday night, near Scilly, supposed a brig or
schooner, apparently of about 60 or 70 feet keel, but could nor.
ascertain what she was; Resiution, Paterson, 22 days front
Longsound ; and Harriet, Cummings, 25 days from Lisbon.
The Two Brothers, arrived two days since from the Western
Islands, picked up near the Lizard a pipe of paint oil, raised
the bung WW 259, which has been landed at the Custom-
house.

Pc) RT Bldo TT T IT, Aiaxcu 19.—Wind N.—Sailed the Gene-
ral Palmer, Truseott, for Madras.
. llM►iwtcn, MARCH 19.—Wind N.—Arrived the Princtss
Charlotte packet, from Cuxhaven.

FUNERAL OF Slit WM. DUFF GORDON, DART.,
—Yesterday, at two o'clock, the Funeral. Cavalcade of the.
lamented deceased commenced moving from the family resi-
dence in Lower Book-street, for St. James's Church. The
procession proceeded to Park-lane, and consisted of the Inuirsi,,
followed by seven mourning-coaches, with six horses to each't
they were followed by thirty pur Noblemen and Gentlemen's'
carriages, his Royal Highness the Duke of GLOUCESTER'S
taking the precedence. The coffin was covered with superfine
black cloth, richly emblazoned with gilt nails and plates.—.
After the usual rites the body was lowered into a vault under
the Church.

MARRIAGE ACT ititeßAL.---The short 11111 for
this purpose, which is now before Parliamento4
proposed, when passed into a law, to be pr►nted,
and a copy of it to be sent to all Officiating Mi-
nisters throughout the kingdom. This object is
meant to be specially provided for by one of the
clauses in the MI.

AFFECTING CASE.-01IF readers are already
aware that on the 3d and 41 inst. the west of Scotland was vi'sit.
ed with one of the severest gales winch has been experienced
for many years. We have now to announce thkt the Light.bouse
yacht of Leith, Jn. Cunningham, master, with a general cargo
from Sligo to Greenock, was early on Tuesday morning
stranded off Turnberry Point, ,Ayrshire. The crew and
passengers, ten in number took refuge in the rigging, in
danger every moment of being washed into the deep by the
heavy sea atilt was breaking over them. At day-light
a boat's crew from the shore, at the great hazard of their
own lives, relieved the whole crew, excepting the master
and a woman passenger, who being benumbed with cold,
could not in tisue come down to the boat, which having
been obliged by a heavy sea to make for the shore with
those already on board s--before they could retwriti the
master and his fellow sufferer had lost their hold, and
sunk to rise no more. Mr. Cunninghatue was a native of, and
well known in Kinghorn. lie has left a widow and nine chit-
dren to lament his untimely death. Ito was a sober, up-
right, and honourable man, but Wing been part owner of
Amin which was lost soine time ago was deprived of all his
firmer hard.earned savings, and has left his family in very 41 s.
Oulu. circumstances. Their case is most earnestly recommeno,
ed to the consideration of the gensaous and Inlllutlitu—(alin-
lurgh Courant.)

TIIE LONDON JOURNALS.

ISXIDACTS FROM VIZ DULY MORNING PAPERS,
March QO,

[MORNING CHRONICLE%)
Sir Francis Burdett, on Tuesday evening,
asked 6C if it had been finally determined that
this country should pursue so mean; so dastardly,
as well as so unwise and impolitic a course (as
neutrality), what was the inevitable inference
Why, that the Government had resorted to the
cowardly expedient 'of advancing the views of
the Holy Alliance, by means from which every
freeman and every Englishman must revolt with
contempt and abhorrence." Sir Francis must be
aware that it is not a new thing for the Govern-
alent to support the views of the Holy Alliance.
He cannot have forgotten Naples—he cannot be
ignorant of the assistance afforded by us to the
hjoly Alliance when Austria invaded that country
—he cannot have forgotten the recent justification
of the Austrian invasion by Mr. Peel (who spoke
the language of the majority, though the least
able part of the Cabinet). The attack on
Naples was as atrocious in principle as that now
about to be made on Spain. Ministers think the
invasion of Spain likely to be attended with more
danger to the Holy Alliance than that of Naples
was, and hence they are chiefly opposed to it.—
The object of their solicitude is not Spain, but
the Bourbons,

[TUE 7131E5,]
Sir". Fiancis Burdett's speech on Tuesday night
has set the public upon thinking, more acutely
than it had thought before, on the.subject of the
diabolical Bourbon aggression, and what it may
now be feared will prove—our tame acquiescence
in it. When we hear Ministers blazoning loudly
their own merits, in having preserved the honour
and interest of the country in their negotiations
respecting this unhappy affair, and when we hear
them farther asserting the great resources of the
country, and its capacity to, undertake a new
war, our natural inference would be, that Spain
had been saved by their powerful mediation—
that the Bourbons had been made to desist from
their_ iniquitous enterprise, in something like the
smile manner as Mr. Pitt's negotiations and arma-
ment in the year 1791, checked the ambitious
projects of Russia, and rescued Turkey from her
rapacious grasp. But whilst we hear our wealth
and power represented so flourishing, and at
the same time cast our eyes abroad and see Spain
attacked, and, as her
,enemies boast, at the point
of being overrun, just as if we were in the
most abject state of distress, or, in truth,
no such power as England existed at all,
we are totally at a loss to reconcile such words
with such events. Ministers do more than ac-
knowledge, they boast of the ability of the
country to save Spain ; it cannot; surely, be
the object of their policy to let her sink in the
conflict. What they mean by the resources of
the country we know not, if they are not to be
applied to preserVe that balance of power in
Europe upon which the independence of each
part is founded : what they mean by the preser-
vation of the national honour we know not, if

the most profligate enterprises are executed in
contempt of their remonstrances. The only le-
gitimate exertion of power is to preserve itself
unimpaired ; and none can suppose that our re-
lative importance in Europe will not be greatly

diminished, if Spain be obliged to take the law
from France. It is clear to the senses, that ex-
ternally the Bourbons. pay us no manner of
respect whatever. Mr. Canning's Papers, we
suppose, will disclose the internal worship and

adoration which they ascribe to us; but we
would they had displayed themselves in abstain-
big from those acts, the permission of which must
overwhelm us with disgrace and shame.

DIRITISIE PRESS.]
The mighty struggle in which Spain and Por
tugal are now about to be committed for the pre
servation of every thing dear to them as nations,
is tine most interesting to every reflecting mind.
If the altars of rising liberty be overturned in the
Peninsula by the bayonets of foreign soldiers, and
Spain sink in the day of battle, the light of liberty
may be quenchedfor ages ; the awakened holies
of Italy and Germany will be no more ; the
fanatic Bourbon will sit confirmed on the thrones
of France and Spain, and blood flow like water
throughout the latter country ; then will the dark
familiars of the Inquisition re-appear, and ancient
superstition renew its horrid festivals ; the Holy
Alliance will reign supreme throughout Europe,
and from the Duieper to. the Tagus all will be
slavery and despair. That which the Courier,
the New Myles, and the enemies of liberty in
Spain, rely MI most, is her present want of avail-
able means to meet the combat that is thickening
on her frontiers ; they count on her embarrass-
ments as the omens of defeat, and exult in her
pecuniary wants as an assurance of her subjuga-
tion. Spain is now decidedly without present
means, but she is yet rich in resources. She lost
for ever by her unfortunate policy her immense
possessions in. Southern America; but if her
Cortes will yet be really wise, if they will only
acknowledge in, form that freedom which the
Colonies now actually enjoy, and recal Mo-
rales and his soldiers from civil murder in these
Provinces, she may again conciliate the Ameri-
cans, and be supplied from the mines of Mexico
and Peru ;‘, that army now engaged in hopeless
contest would be of inestimable service to her in
lier day of need at home ;• the hardy bands of
Bolivar and San Martin, released from their
country's cause, would throng, if necessary, to
her rescue ; the privateers of South America
would issue from every port, and swarm on the
coasts of France ; Spain, herself exhausted,
would be constantly supplied by the immense
resources of rising America, and in place of being
enfeebled aril paralyzed as she now is, she would
be strong in every way—in men—iu money—
and in shipping.

[MORNING, POST.]
The question as to the armed interference of
Engiaud to the approaching struggle between
France and Spain, is for the present set at rest
by the declaration of Mr. Secretary Canningt that

there exists no specific ground which can at the
present moment involve this country in war.—
We needed not the assertion with which the
Right Honourable Secretary accompanied his
communication to. Parliament, to convince us
that whenever the Papers relating to the
subject are given to the world, it will be
found that the conduct and the determination of

the British Government have been guided by the
sincerest regard to the sacred independence of
nations ; to the final preservation of that salutary
balance of power which affords the surest gua-
rantee of national independence;. to the faith of
existing treaties, positive or conditional ; and, in
a word, to those wise and exalted principles of
policy which have distinguished Great Britain at
the brightest and proudest epochs of her history.
To preserve to their country the blessings of
peace, without any deviation from these high and
enlightened principles, was, if practicable, the
imperative duty of Ministers; for although Eng-
land neither is, nor we trust ever will be, re-
duced to the necessity of purchasing peace by
any timid or unworthy compliances, yet it is un-
questionable that a war at the present moment
would be eminently injurious to her, by obstruct-
ing her progress in that splendid career of pro-
sperity in which she now bids fair to leave behind
a 11 domestic 'uneasiness and all foreign competition.
And if there are amongst us any, who in their
honourable zeal for the cause of national hide-
peflence cherished the hope of seeing the war-

like energies of their country called forth in the
direct and immediate support of that holy cause,
let theril be consoled with the reflection that
whatever augments the power and resources of
England, does in effect strengthen the cause to
which she is pledged, and afford a new as-
surance of its eventual triumph. We are per-
suaded that the determination of the British Go-
vernment does not rest upon any narrow, Selfish,
and exclusive policy—that its probable influence
upon the final and permanent condition of Europe
receives an ample share of attention—and that as
the continued welfare of England and the inde-
pendence of the other European States are ob-
jects essentially combined, it is in combination
only that they are pursued.

iNEW TIMES.]
It is with a feeling of honest pride that we
appeal to the Debate of Tuesday evening in con-
firmation of the views which we have all along
entertained of the policy befitting Great Britain
to adopt in a crisis like the present. We have
declared that a firm, a dignified, an uncompro-
mising Neutrality was the duty of Government
to the Nation, and of the Nation to itself. The
cheers with which Mr. Canning's declaration,
" that at present there existed no specific grounds
which could involve this country in war," were
received, sufficiently attest the accuracy of this
our first and leading principle. But it did not
rest here. -Mr. Thomas Wilson, the highly re-
spected and independent Member for the City
of London, spoke the sense of the mercantile in-
terest, with which he is well acquainted, when
he declared himself satisfied with the preserva-
tion of the national honour without the hazard
and difficulty of a war. Mr. Ricardo, an emi-
nent Member of Opposition, said he had
no hesitation in declaring his opinion that
it would be wise to keep out of war. Mr.
Denison, also an Opposition Member, and a
person of great personal weight and influence,
said he was convinced the country ought, if pes-
sible, to avoid war, and to do any thing consistent
with tho nation's honour to shun that abyss from
which we had so lately escaped. Sir John New-
port, an old steady Oppositionist, said we must

deliberate and consider deeply before plunging
again into war. Clearly, therefore, not on any
party views, but on grounds of national interest,
which in candid minds outweigh all party con-
siderations, it is wise in us, as matters now
stand, to maintain a strict and rigid Neutrality.

But this is not a decision which rests on selfish
ness or illiberality, far lesson a love for slavis

and despotic principles. His Majesty's Ministers
will not consider that they can justify the course

of policy which they have pursued, unless they
prove its fitness by these four great tests—the
just principles of National Independence—due
regard to the Balance of Power—the Faith

of- Treaties—and the Moral Dignity of Great
Britain. It is not meant to say that we should be
Quixottes in the pursuit even of these high and
honourable objects. We must not lavish the
blood and treasure of this country for a chime-
rical perfectibility in the general system of
Europe ; but we must weigh the burthens which
war will undoubtedly impose, the sufferings it
will bring iu its train, the dangers to which it
may, expose us—against the solid, substantial
value, and unexaggerated importance of the prize
for which we may have to contend : we must
take counsel neither of rashness nor of timidity,
of prejudice nor of passion, but of duty, of inte-
rest, and of honour.

[MORNING HERALD.]
Mr. Canning's
,answer to the questions of Sir
James Mackintosh, in the House of Commons,
►was the subject of much conversation in the
course of yesterday. What falls from the lips
of a Secretary of State in such a crisis as the pre-
bent, upon a matter so important, cannot be other-
wise than publicly interesting. .Yet it would
have been difficult for the Right Hon. Gentleman
to' express himself in such a manner as to give less
information than be actually did. All that he
told was already matter of notoriety. lie said
there was no longer any reason, to look for peace
between France and Spain. Who required to be
told this ? Who could possibly doubt it, after
the intelligence of the last few days from Paris
and Madrid ? He further said, with reference
to the policy of this country, that he saw no
specific grounds which should oblige the country
to become a party to the war at the present mo-
ment. This the .public also knew already ; for
surely, if there was any ground for immediate
hostilities, the note of preparation would have, ere
this, been loud and unequivocal, in the ports and
naval arsenals at least. If, however, he added no-
thing to what the people at large already knew,
the very guarded and qualified manner in which
he expressed himself, tends rather to set

men's imaginations busily at work as to the future,
than to fix a probability of our being enabled to
continue at peace. If the. French, overrun Spain
without difficulty, as the Austrians did Naples
and Piedmont, the interference of this country
would be out of the question. But suppose—
and it is no violent presumption, that the
Spaniards should make a good stand against the
invaders, then indeed a contingency suggests
itself, which, in all likelihood, would draw
England into the war. Let the Spaniards
but appear, after the first fair trial with the
enemy, able and resolute to defend their inde-
pendence, and the consequence.will be their be-
ing supplied from this country with the neces-
saries of war in abundance. If their cause
wears a favourable aspect, the spirit of private
commercial confidence and enterprize in our
markets will not be backward, and these supplies
would become their chief sinew of strength,.
But would the French put, up with this sort of
neutrality ? Is there not a probability that the
French Government might declare the coast of
Spain in a state of parchment blockade ? This
is no improbable stretch of presumption in
the French Cabinet; and it surely is not
one to which the Government of this country
would submit. It would be a silly attempt to
discuss the respective chances and means of the
French and Spaniards in the approaching con-
test. There is one thing, however, which should
not be lost sight of. It is, that the unimpeded
advance of the French upon Madrid, and its
occupation, though calculated to give them a
specious eclat of success, would yet leave the
issue of the waryand even of the campaign wholly
undecided. The Spanish Government has made
the abandonment of the capital part of its sys-
tem, and it would appear that it will depend
upon the French themselves, whether they will
or will not advance, leaving the fortresses oc-
cupied by the Spaniards in their rear. The
mere occupation of Madrid was never looked
upop as of military importance in the late war.

A LIST 'OF THE MINORITY
WHO VOTED FOR MR. MARERLY'S MOTION,
To Repeal the Whole of the Window Tax.
Abercromby,Hn.J. Dundas, C. Monck, J. B.
Althorp, Visct. Farrand, R. Moore, Peter
Belgrave, Vise. Fergus-son, Sir R.C. Poyntz, W. S.
Benett, J. Folkestone, Visct. Price, Robert
Bennet, Hon. H. G. Guise, Sir W. Ricardo, David
Bernal, Ralph Hamilton, Lord A. Robinson, Sir 0.
Birch, J. Hobhouse, J. C. Scott, James
Blake, Sir F. Hughes, W. L. Smith, Wm.
Bright, Henry Humet iieph Webbe, Ed.
Burdett, Sir F. Hu4 • Wharton, J.
Calvert, C. " James, V. IVhitbread, W. T.
.Creevey, T. Johnstone, Col. Williams, 0.
Curwen, J. C. Knights Robert . Wyvill, M.
Crespigny, Sir W. Keck, G. A. L.
Davenport, D. Lambion, J. G. TELLER.
Davies, T. H. Lethbridge, Sir T. Maberly, J.
Denison, W. J.. Maberly, W. L.

MAJORITY
Alexander, J. Gordon, Hon. W. Nightingalt, Sir M.
Antrobus, 0. C. Goulburn,Rtlinll. O'Grady, Standish
Arbuthnot,Rt lion. Grant; A. C. O'Neil, Hon. John
C. . Grant, G. M. Paget, Hon. B.
Baillie, Colonel Grenfell, Pascoe Pakenham, Hon.R.
Balfour, John Handley,
,Henry Palmerston Lord
13ankes, Henry Hardinge, Sir IL Pearse, John
Bankes, W. J. Hart, G. V. Phillimore J.
Bourrie,,, Rt. Hon. Herrics, J. C. Phip, don. R.
W. So • Hill, Rt. Hon. Sir Pitt, W. M.
Brogden, J. 0. F. Porcher, H.
Bruce; It. • - ' Holford, G..P. Prendergast, M.
' Boughey„SirJ. F. Hope, Sir A. Rae, Rt. Hn..SirW.
Burgh, Sir U. Hope, Slt.W. J. Robertson, A.
Butterworth, J. Huskisson,Rt.Hon. Robinson,RtHn.F.
Calvert, J. , W. , Ross, C.
• Campbell, A. Jones, John John Smith, Robt.
1 Clinton F. If. Lamb, Hon. W. Smyth, W.
,
Cockburn, Sir G. Legge, Hon. H. Stewart, A. R.
Cocks, Hon. J. S. Lewis, W. - Strutt, J. H.
Cole, Sir C. Lockhart, W. E. Sumner, G. H.
Coote, Sir C. H. Long, Rt.Hn.SirC. Talk, C. A.
Courtenay, T. P. Lowther, Lord Ure, M.
Cumming, Geo. Lushington, Sir R. Vivian, Sir H.
Dawkins, H. Lygon, Hon. H. Wallace, T.
Dawson, G. R. Mansfield, rt. Wellesley, R.
Dawstin, J. H. M. Martin, John Wilson, W. W.
Douglas, J. Martin, Sir T. B. Wilson, Sir Henry
Douglas, W. K. Maxwell, J. W. Wynn, C. W.
Drummond, J. Miles, P. J. . Whitmore, W. W.
Eastnor, Visa. Monteith, H.
Fane, John Montgomery, SirJ.
Forbes, C. Morgan, 0. 0.
Gilbert, D. G. Mundy, G. A.
mossrasusassussom

WAVES.
Osborne, Sir J.
Wilmot, J. R..

BOXING ON MOUSEY HURST.

This celebrated plain Was yesterday a scene
of slaughter, in a battle which will stand as high in pugilistic
history as any before recorded. The heroes for the day's diver-
sion were Arthur Illatthewson, a Birmingham-man, and Israel
Belasco, a Jew, who had shew off in the London prize-ring.
Liaise° was hacked at 6to 4. he assemblage was of that
sort which upon such occasions we have before related; Lords
and dog-fanciers, prigs and patricians, Were Coupled; such a
miscellaneous group was scarcely ever seen before.. It was odds
And ends against pewter platters. The sets-out were as ludi-
crous as can be conceived. The swells were-confounded in their
bounders with dog-carts of every description, with cabbage con-
veyance.
At one o'clock the men entered the ring, doing first their
cgstors in, as a signal of defiance, add a conflicting and punish-
ing battle followed. Joshua Hudson and Randal seconded
111atthewson, and Belem) and Richmond officiated for Israel
BelascO. _ _ _

L Both men stripped very prime, and went to work with much
earnestness. Arthur showed much muscle, anti connoisseurs
decided that he was the strongest man stripped. Arthur hit
short, and Belasco broke his ground upon saving points. Ar-
thur placed a right-handed hit upon the ear of his adversary,
which was returned trpoll the head without visible marks ; in a
close the :Ye* slipo' down.
2. A scientific round, and much equal Aghting. It was dis-
covered that the countryman was not to be played with. A
:smart rallying round took place with equal advantages, hits
having been put about most willingly. Belasco got a heavy
right=handed one upon the -head, with which he. went down,
rather from the effect of a slip titan the weight of the hit.
ArthUr strewed first blood from the teeth at getting up for the
next round.

:1. Belasco placed first Mt upon the mouth, and his adversary
returned short Belasco had the .worst of the round, and he
was thrown. The weaving system the men were equal in
fighting, but Arthur was the quickest and„strongest ; he floored
his adversary from the close. .2 to lon Arthur. •
The 4th, sth, and r,th rounds, were most gallantly con.
tested, and each had alternately best; but although Belasco
had more finished science than his adversary, yet he was
over-run by quickness andiscience and was thrown by strength.
Baltic() practised the hit; Randal with with the left hand at the
body, the right guarding the bead with, some elfeet.;
In the 7th round, when both were weak, the men met at the
rives, and became dreadfully tired. The; "reeving system fol.
,lowed, and strength gave Arthur the best of it. • It was a manly
rallying round before the close, but 'Arthur in playing at the
heed beat his adversary iu playing at the body. Mimeo got
away froth the close work, by leaving his adversary's strength
to toil itself,'.. It was nearly equal fighting until the lOtit round,
when Belasco placed a flush and chattering, hit tipon the bridge
of his adversary's nose,-and which, from the swelling followrng
it, threatened to sew up both..the eyes. The countryman was
thrown in a struggle. The ring was a deluge of clamt after this.
, Both were hit to a stand still in .the 17th round. in the lOth
round, Arthur recovered a bit, and, by Josh. Hudson's ad-
vice, threw out the left hand at the head, which caused an
extra profution of claret in the next round, when, by a finish-
ing:stroke, the fight was won. •
• The second match was between Sampson, the Bira:inghani
youth, end Hall, his townsman. - Hall was beat in two rounds.
Sampson pot his body into pkoic,,end his head into Chancery
in'the first round; and in the next he replenished his dose,
which give him afinisher.—A bull bait finished the sport.

To the Right Hon. the EARL of LIVERPOOL, K.G.

March 18, 1823.
MY LORD—The Treasury Minute of the 16th

Jan. last, founded on his Majesty's Most Gra-

cious Letter to your Lordship, whereby he pre-

Lents the valuable and extensive Library collected

by his late Royal Father to the British Nation,
has not more than adequately expressed the sen-
timents of admiration which this, splendid in-
stance of the King's munificence and generosity
has excited in the public mind ; nor asserted too
much in expressing a persuasion that it will be
felt as adding to the many claims which his Ma-
jesty already has on the affections and gratitude
of his people, and will afford to future ages a
further proof of his Majesty's invariable attention
to the interests of Litirature and Science.

It is impossible for any person to reflect on this
noble act of his Majesty without being deeply
affected by it, whether viewed as a tribute to the
memory of the best of Fathers and of Kings, or
as an offering from the Sovereign to an enlight-
ened people for the advancernent of knowledge.

In either case it behoves us, in accepting this
magnificent donation, to deposit it in a place at
once worthy of the Illustrious Persons by whom it
was collected, and presented to the nation, and
well calculated" in all respects to promote the
object which gave rise to this instance of Royal

liberality.
With the view of suggesting to your Lordship
a suitable place for the attainment of these ends,
I venture to address your Lordship,and I trust that
1 shall be pardoned for stating that I have been
the more particularly induced to do so by the
apprehension which the Resolutions of the Trus-
tees of the British Museum, passed on the Bth
February, have given rise to, that it may be de-
termined to erect a building adjoining to, and in
the present premises of the British Museum for
the reception of this extensive Library. I trust,
my Lord, that such a determination will not be
made. The objections to it are so evident, and so
powerful, that they cannot have escaped your
Lordship's discernment ; and I should think it
unnecessary to state them here, did not the Trus-
tees, in the Resolutions to which I before refer-
red, appear to overlook them, in their anxiety to
place this splendid collection in the Museum.
It may therefore be permitted me to point
out, as insuperable objections to such an appro.
priation, thaincenvenience of the situation of the
present buildings of the British Museum, with
reference to those parts of the town in which the
benefits of such an Establishment are most felt
and appreciated ; the defective state of the build-
ings, which renders it probable that a removal of
the whole Museum must take place at no very
distant period, and the Consequent impolicy of
erecting a new building for the present purpose:
on or adjoining to those premises; but, above all,
the bite which the new building to be attached
to the Museum must occupy, presents the
strongest, and to my mind, most insuperable ob-
jection. Surrounded by the Museum buildings,
and by the houses which encompass its gardens,
and shut out from public view, the structure
could neither be an ornament to the Metropolis,
nor a suitable Memorial of the Nation's gratitude ;
while by its want of publicity, the benefits which
the Royal Donor intended the public at large
should derive from his Gift, would be in a con-
siderable degree lessened, and probably in a
few years entirely confined to the learned fre-
quenters of the Museum Archives.
Having thus pointed out some few of the ob-
jectiens to the British Museum as a place of
deposit for the Royal Library, I venture now
to suggest to your Lordship a place for this pur-
pose, which, whether considered with reference
to its central position, its proximity to the prin-
cipal seats of learning in the Metropolis, its
magnificence, and suitableness for the object as
connected with the Societies of Science and
Arts, is unrivalled in this Country, and perhaps
in the world; while, by the adoption of this plan,
a building which has long been at the same time
the ornament and opprobrium of this grand city,
might be completed in a manner corresponding
with its original design, and worthy of the pro.
posed object. Your Lordship will have antici-
pated my proposition, and without hesitation
conclude that the spot I should propose is the
unoccupied site of the intended eastern wing of
Somerset House. This is indeed, my Lord, the
spot of all others the best calculated for the
Royal Library. A sum bestowed on the com-
pletion of so noble a building, and for such
a purpose, would be joyfully granted by the na-
tion at large. Let not the paltry consideration
of a few thousands decide this question : the ha.
pour of the country, the gratitude of the people,
and the promotion of knowledge, all call for
liberality on this occasion, and while hun-
dreds of thousands have been spent on pe-
nitentiaries and prisons, let us not deny the
necessary sums for the completion of the most
splendid building the country can boast of, and
for the attainment of an object calculated to ad-
vance literature and science, and to promote the
intellectual enjoyments of the public at large.—
I am fully aware that my proposal has not no-
velty to recommend it, the idea of removing the
whole of the British Museum having been started,
and most ably argued by the ingenious writer of
an article in the Quarterly Review. But if ob-
jections from i want of space arose to that plan,
they w ill net apply in the present case, as one
floor of the range of buildings designed in the
original plan, would be more than sufficient to
contain the whole Library ; and the want of a
National Gallery of Pictures having been long
admitted in this Country, we might entertain a
hope that another floor of the same range might
at some future time be apprbpriated for the re.
ception of Works of Art.
With the highest' respect,
I have the honour to be,
My Lord, &c. W.
