in the annals of Popery itself. We repeat, that the wry 4a
faces made by this " rebellion-renter' in the matter of
a poor law for Ireland, together with his abject truck-
ling to a person of such inconsiderable influence as
Mr. Crawford, avowedly against his wishes, and co-
lourably against his convictions, is a spectacle of
" peaceful agitation" not calculated to strengthen the
moral influence of Daniel or his Government. Thus,
then, the hundred and twenty-three pages of Whig-
Radical speculation have offered nothing towards the
solution of the difficulty now perplexing Ministers, by
courtesy called " His Majesty's." As we said at
the outset, the pamphlet, to all practical intents and
purposes, is objectless. If we may suppose a motive
for such a jumble of crudities, we may suppose that
some aspirant to a Commissionership, or Inspector-
ship, or other Whig-Radical sop, has in great
haste, lest he should lose the last chance, battered his
brains in pamphleteering the Premier and the other
givers of good things. If so, he may achieve his
ends, for aught we know or care. But, as he has
thought fit to bespatter one or two great names with his
stupid misrepresentations, we may:bestow another notice
on him of a somewhat more castigatory character.—

he ingenuity of parson persecution—that " a bill'
should be filed, a "sub/myna" issued, an " alias" —a
" pluri es subpcena," and a "proclamation"—and in case
the defendant should prove refractory to all these several
appliances, then only might a writ of rebellion be
legally issued. Neither in the present case, nor, we
believe, in any of the cases of cruel and unmerciful
persecution lately practised by the Church under the
rebellion process, have those regulations and forms
been complied with, so that if the writ in this instance
be set aside, as from the opinion apparently entertained
by the presiding judges it must be, all the onslaughts
of the Church under the Exchequer processes have
been illegal, and the victims consequently will be en-
titled to compensation, if they choose to bring their ac-
tion for that purpose. If these victims be poor, as
many of them undoubtedly are, we consider it would
be a legitimate application of the Justice Rent to em-
ploy it in procuring them legal redress. The tithemen
have urged the severest application of the law, and it
is but just that a similar indulgence should be meted
to them.— Morning Advertiser.
The attempted " diversion" in favour of the 'Whig
Ministers in the borough of Lambeth, under the dis-
guise of a meeting for the abolition—i. e., the reform
—of the House of Peers, was not so cleverly arranged
by the Whiglings who undertook the " getting up" of
the farce as to deceive the Radicals. They—we mean
the real Radicals, for the Whig-radicals are only im-
postors—are shrewd enough to have discovered by this
time that the value which the Whigs attach to reform
principles is just that which the political economist at-
taches to his wares, and in which respect, we believe,
there is no difference between the mercantile " science"
of the trading "philosopher" and the Jew pedlar. .A
poet of that school has sung the whole creed of the
Whig " philosophy of Reform" in a single couplet,
after the following fashion
" The real value of a thing
Is just the money it will bring."

Times.
The small writs of the Ministerial party, who trea
the apprehensions of British Protestants respecting
the course of events in Ireland, as a proper subject for
ridicule, have a vast deal of ignorance on their side.
No doubt this is a powerful auxiliary, and does much
more for them than anything else to which they can lay
claim, but they should not presume upon it too far.
It has great weight with the majority of the present
Representatives of the new boroughs—it is very pow-
erful in the " reformed" town councils—it is of im-
mense service at Lambeth meetings, and the like—but
its success is transient, and even the memory of it is
not pleasant to dwell upon. The truth is, as any man
may find who will take the trouble to read upon the
subject, that the apprehensions of British Protestants
are borne out by the evidence of the Roman Catholics
themselves. That which these Roman Catholics are
now doing under the fostering encouragement of that
great statesman, and tenth-rate novelist, the Earl of
Mulgrave, is quite as much beyond what was calcu-
lated upon ten years ago as the realisation of all the
present apprehensions of British Protestants would be
beyond that at which Popish pretension has already
arrived. When we compare the statements which
Irish Roman Catholics made—ten years ago—with
the facts of the present day, we cannot help
being convinced that, if their usurpation of ten years
hence bear the same proportion to their demands of
the present year, the apprehensions of Protestants
will be more than realised. There is certainly not
any extravagance in apprehending no more than an
equal degree of encroachment when the power to en-
croach has become so much greater. The strength
which Remish ambition has acquired by going is not
by the rational to be despised. We are indeed per-
suaded that it is not. The silly and chattering—the
pedantic and shallow—the fop who thinks he is li-
beral because he is attached to nothing, and the villain
whose pleasure and interest it is to make the bad pre-
vail, make light of those events in Ireland which seem
to lead to an establishment of Popish authority
there ; but wise and well-informed men fall into no
such folly. We do not mean to charge all the
Roman Catholics who take a lead in their affairs
with foul conspiracy against that which the general
obligation of allegiance, and their particular oaths
as Members of Parliament or official servants, bind
them to respect and uphold. Nevertheless, they
are but men, and some of them at all events may che-
rish an ambition to which, if virtue were the only oh-
stacle, even their virtue might give way. They are
borne upon what must be admitted to be an extraordie
nary tide of circumstances. They are carried into
positions which they never dreamed of attaining ; and
it is not for those who have at all studied human nature
to be surprised that in these situations the memory of
ancient pledges should wax dim, and the voice of con-
science should be drowned amid the acclamations of
those who hail their extraordinary advancement, and
point to yet higher elevation, which they may attain.
A slight consideration of this subject will show into
what fatal folly the weakness of the present Admi-
nistration has led them. It was undoubtedly right
that Roman Catholic Emancipation should not be a
law, and nothing more ; it was very fit that when
eligibility to legislative and official power was given
to the Roman Catholics, it should be acted upon.
It was right that they should become Members of
Parliament, and that they should hold offices of
trust. But what was the conduct of our Whig Go-
vernment ? In the first place, it kept the Irish Ro-
man Catholics at arm's length, violently denouncing
the vulgar agitator O'Connell, even from the King's
Throne ; and omitting to attach to the Government
the educated and respectable members of the Ro-
man Catholic body. This produced exasperation,
and made Mr. O'Connell the leader of the Roman
Catholics, when he ought to have been exhibited as
nothing better than the leader of the Roman Ca-
tholic rabble, clerical and lay. But the time came
when the beaten and dwindled Whig-Radicals found
that their places depended on Mr. O'Connell's as-
sistance, and thereupon this abused and scorned
person was at once placed by them in a position of
power more formidable than has been held by any
one man in the United Kingdom since the days of
Cromwell. Along with him, and not until then,
some Roman Catholics, with fair pretensions as men
of talents and character, were recognised by the
Government, and promoted to office. Mr. O'Connell's
aim was power, not office, and that he has attained
to the fullest extent that Government can give.
But is it not plain that no course of policy could
be more likely than this to give to Roman Ca-
tholic Emancipation the full amount of practical
evil which that measure could, by the utmost force of
ingenuity, inflict ? If British Ministers had been
above all things desirous to cause the Roman Ca-
tholics of Ireland to forget themselves, and all
their promises of fidelity, they could not, and pro-
bably would not, have fallen upon so ingenious a
mode of proceeding. But for this policy, how
could such a man as the present Solicitor-General in
Ireland be so carried out of himself as he has been ?
He was a Roman Catholic who, after the Emanci-
pation Bill was passed, might well have been trusted.
In character and in talents he was very far superior to
Mr.O'Connell; but Mr. O'Connell, by his perseverance
as an agitator, wrested from the British Administration
that influence which has led to Mr. Woulfe's promo-
tion. Under such circuinstances we do not think Mr.
Woulfe is to be trusted. A few years before Emanci-
pation was carried, Mr. Woulfe published a very able
pamphlet, in which he claims for the Catholics an
equal regard with the Protestant for the civil institu-
tions of the country. "It is not even pretended,"
he says, that " the Roman Catholics prefer a des-
potism to a limited monarchy—that he is hostile to a
House of Lords—or that he would wish to con-
vert the House of Commons into the supreme as-
sembly of a republic." Will Mr. Solicitor-General
Woulfe say this now? Again he says, and for the greater
emphasis, ho prints the passage in italics, " I think
I'shall be able to prove that there are no grounds
for attributing to the Roman Catholics, either at pre-
sFisttaiiobrsihednthe event of their emancipation, any dispo-
sition or desire to interfere with the endowments of the
Established
for their Church, or to obtain any thing similar
Own.,, Will Mr. Solicitor-General Woulfe
thing like this now.? No; even he has
staanntds
mfailgshifitedhavt expectationsfrom
hi s
Is)aroykeannyliis pled
which British PgrOtse,
to complain now
lid distrust him ?
character. And is he
sus-
pect a had
dat we e
has no right to do so.
There may be excuses in the state of circumstances
for the conduct of such men ; but, if men's faith is to
depend upon circumstances, it i
Posts right that we should
avard.—Morning
be upon our , .
roceedin
The account of the pgs in the Irish Court
of Exchequer, and the arguments
of Mr. O'Connell
against the legality of the rebellion write recently is-
sued against the tithe defaulters, are of peculiar inte-
rest, as will be seen by a reference to another part of
this day's Advertiser. Mr. O Connell rests his ergo_
ments on the fact of the necessary legal forms not
having been complied with, wherefore he applies for
the writ of rebellion to be set aside, and demands the
defendant's discharge. It appears that by the letter of
the statute, as well as the practice of the Court—a
practice which had gone into disuetude until revived by

THE SUN, LONDON, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1836.

dation in which they had placed themselves, by their
vacillating conduct and their contemptible minority in
the House of Commons, were not worthy the support
of the people of England." " The Whigs," he pro-
ceeds to say, " hemmed in on all sides, without the
power of extricating themselves, or the moral energy
to attempt it, despised by one party, trampled upon by
the other, present the melancholy anomaly of a popular
Administration without popular support, and are com-
pelled through their supporters to seek the most dis-
graceful alternatives." This is the picture drawn of
the character, pasition, and resources of the ever-job-
bing and manoeuvring Whig Administration, by an
honest Radical. When history takes up the pencil,
she may paint this unpleasant subject in more lasting
colours, but in none that, while truth guides her hand,
can render it a more attractive object of contemplation
in the eyes of posterity.—Morning Herald.

The marriage of Lady Caroline Finch Hatton, only
daughter of the Earl of Winchilsea, has not yet been solem-
nized. The ceremony, however, will take place in a few days.
ANIMAL INSTINCT.—The story that I am about
to relate is one which has excited a great deal of feeling in
the vicinity where it happened, and is well worthy a conspi-
cuous place in your paper. The facts handed to me are
are these :—On Friday, the 30th of September last, near
the close of the day, a little lad, about eight years old, by
the name of George Parks, started in pursuit of the cows.
He made his way along the path through a piece of wood
of about nalf a mile in length. On reaching the opposite
side of the wood he found his cattle had started towards
home. The drove consisted of a very gentle old cow and
a number of young cattle. His mother told him, previous
to his starting, to keep near the old cow, as she would con-
duct him on a straight course home. This he was careful
to obey ; but shortly after he had entered the woods on his
way home, walking by the side of the old cow, he heard a
crackling in the bushes, and on looking round what should
he see but a large bear making towards him with all the
speed and fury that those ferocious animals are possessed of.
At this critical period, strange as it may seem, the boy pos-
sessed presence of mind enough to make use of his alterna-
tive—which was to jump astride of the cow's back, and
leaning forwards he caught her by the horns, and in this
perilous situation rode through the woods. The bear
seemed to envy him his elevated situation, and fain would
have pulled him down. The cattle ran and roared—the
boy screamed—but all did not terrify the bear ; ever and
anon she would come alongside of our gallant rider, growl-
ing and snarling and striking with her paws—and would
have torn him to pieces, but for the other cattle, who would
as often attack her in the rear, and as she would turn to
give them battle, the cow would gain of her some rods.
She would then leave the young cattle and come with all
speed after the boy, which seemed to be her whole aim.
Several times she rose upon her hind legs to take him, and
as often the cattle would give her battle ; and thus they
followed through the woods until the bear's cubs came up,
and the young cattle turned upon them. The old bear
took their part, and the cow and her rider had arrived at
the door of the farm-house ere the old bear could renew
her attack. The boy was almost senseless with fright, and
it was not until some time after he alighted from the cow
that he was enabled to report to his mother the why and
wherefore. It is thought that the boy will hereafter pre-
Fer that some one else should drive the cows to the yard.

Now it must be admitted that the Whigs have found
the thing called " Reform" to be of pretty consider-
able value in that point of view. The money which
they have made, and expect to make by it, in the
way of salaries for themselves, and Commissions,
jobbings, and pensions for their connections and de-
pendants, cannot easily be told—for a more jobbing
and sordid Government than its present so-called
Whig Administration, England never had the good
fortune to possess. We say " so-called," because,
though nominally Whig, it has no fixed principles
whatever—except the principle of sacrificing to the
possession of office all other principles—of bartering
for the enjoyment of place and pension all public
character and consistency. The cunning tricky
Whigs take from the Radicals all the support they
can get, and wish their Radical auxiliaries to consider
it a sufficient reward to have the honour of keep*
them in office. They give the Radicals credit for a
world of disinterestedness, which they are very well con-
tent to allow them to monopolise, as long as the sub-
stantial fruits of office are left to themselves. The
portly, full-blown Whig, whether "juvenile" or ancient,
enjoys the feast of office to repletion—pampers himself
with all the luxurious things with which the table of
the Treasury is spread—talks of Reform like a politi-
cal saint—jobs under that pretence with all the eager-
ness of one of the elder children of corruption—keeps
for his own enjoyment, while practising the solemn
cajolery of another Father Paul, whatever tends to
make " pure patriotism" fat and florid, and leaves to
the hungry Radical, who scents the savoury viands
afar off, the share of the famishing lay-brother. Under
these circumstances, Radicalism, disclaiming a larger
share of the virtue of disinterestedness than falls to the
lot of the " best of all possible Whigs," which the pre-
sent race of Whigs, according to their own Journals,
undoubtedly are, begins to grow impatient. Many no-
tices of that impatience have been served upon the
Whigs. Those distinguished patriots have in-
structed their Journalists to expatiate upon the
advantages of union, and the irreparable mischiefs
of disagreement. Those public instructors exhort the
Radicals' to preserve unity by all means; but they offer
them no share of the substantial advantages of that
unity. They tell them to fight the great battle of
Reform like gallant patriots, as the only way of en-
abling the Whigs to keep out the Tories ; but the
Radicals want to know what they are to gain by it.
They see that the Whigs take all the profits of suc-
cessful patriotism to themselves, and the Tories could
do no more. " Fight on, my gallant little fellow,"
said the generous giant to his dwarfish friend ; fight
on—another such victory as the last, and we shall have
no more enemies to conquer." " No," said the dwarf;
I've already lost an eye and an arm in your service,
while you have pocketted the spoils. I had better
retreat while I have yet two legs to carry me, than go
on exposing life and member in this way for one who
takes all the advantages and leaves me all the blows.
" But, after all," says one of the Whig instructors of
the people, " what is the boundary line between Whig
or Whig-radical and Whig-proper ? There is none
whatever—it is evanescent—it is imaginary." .Now,
to our view, and we believe to that of the great mass
of Radicals, the difference is very palpable and strik-
ing. It is precisely the difference between the con-
dition of the giant and the dwarf, in the old apologue
with which we have made free. The Whigs take all
the advantages of the victory, and leave the Radi-
cals all the blows. The latest stratagem of the
Whigs to turn the Radicals off the scent of their
own jobbery, in the chase of which they
were get-
ting into full cry from Shoreditch to Lambeth, was
that which was played off in the latter district the
other day, which we call a " diversion" in favour
of the happy occupants of office, but which Mr.
Spring Rice would most probably call a" false drag."
Well, we care not how it is called—the thing was pal-
pable enough. It was previously announced under the
name of a " demonstration" by some of the Ministerial
papers. It is easy to know out of what vocabulary
that term was supplied; but the " demonstration" of
the Whig Ministers in Lambeth against the House of
Peers was as ridiculous a failure as the " demonstra-
tion" of the same Whigs the other day at Lisbon in
favour of a House of Peers; for all reformers should
know that the Ministers, who endeavour to shout on
the Radicals against the House of Lords at home,
sent to the Tagus seven line-of-battle slips, be-
sides a dozen other vessels of war and an army
of marines, to make a demonstration against the
Portuguese Constitionalists, because they have abo-
lished a House of Lords—that being the great
distinction between Don Pedro's Charter, which
has been pushed aside, and the Constitution of 1822,
by which it has been supplanted. We have said that
the Radicals were not deceived by the " diversion," or
" false drag," or " demonstration," or whatever it is
to be called, which was so cunningly got up at Lam-
beth, and announced from time to time with no small
flourish of preparatory trumpets. It was said of two
great characters that
Whiggling contrivers of
their una-
iTiohedoubt, to show what a
"whenever they agreed,
wonderful unanimity exists between the Radicals
onliditeernfudle.d":,
nthimisitymweeatsin;*
and Whigs upon the idly speculative question of the
existence of a House of Lords; but, instead of the
wonderful unanimity, there was dissension as extra-
ordinary, and a confusion. which rivalled on a small
scale, the ludicrous miracle of Babel. This was the
consequence of the Radicals seeing clearly enough the
object which the Whigs had in view. The Whigs know
well that if the Radicals keep them in office until the
House of Lords is destroyed, or, what is the same
thing, until its independence is crushed beneath the
feet of the Whig oligarchy, they will have a very long
tenure of power indeed—much longer than we trust
either they or their factory system of white slavery, or
their Central Poor Law, tyranny are destined to have.
In confirmation of what we stated as to this farcical
meeting, we published yesterday a letter of an active
and sincere Radical of the borough of Lambeth, Mr,
T. B. Barker. That gentleman says " that the meet-
ing itself was got up for the purpose of bolstering up
a tottering Whig Administration, wanted nothing
more than its subsequent proceedings for its corrobora-
tion. No sooner was anything offered contrary to the
sentiments of the Whig Committee than the signal was
given, and noises and screams, for which their utterers
must have studied long and carefully at some wild
beast show, drowned the voice of any one who dared
to question Whig policy. This was the case when I en-
deavoured to establish the above fact, as well as to
show that the Whigs, from the state of political degra-

Bradford (Me.), Oct. 2, 1836.--American Paper.
Letters have been received from the intrepid travel-
ler Mr. Davidson, dated Wednovo, Sept. 25. An ar-
mistice had been concluded amongst the native tribes, to
allow of their attending the great annual fair ; and it was
his intention to take advantage of this cessation of hostili-
ties by starting on his hazardous route to Timbuctoo three
days before its termination. His expedition was to consist
of two hundred men and six hundred camels, ten of which
would be required to convey his money in cowries, which
would not exceed 100/. in value, and between fifty and
sixty more would carry his baggage, the rest being laden
with salt for commerce. _ _

Two expeditions are about to be dispatched to the
Pacific Ocean by the French Government, the one to ex-
plore the eastern and the other the western portions. The
vessels are to be gun brigs, and they will be prepared to
sail in about three weeks.
THE FEMALE SAILOR AGAIN.—No more to in-
voke Panlope, this genuine Abeona, who nine months ago
entered Hymen's arena, and unlike Periboca, when wedded
to Polybius has proved that " Jack" can participate in the
feelings of " Eve's fair daughters," and offer the first sure
pledge of affection, was on the 11th instant delivered of a
fine boy, who wag on the same night baptised by the name
of William, in honour of his Majesty. It should be borne
in recollection that the " heroine" of the present subject pe-
titioned the King, as a brother chip, and he was graciously
pleased to settle on her an annuity of ten pounds, which sum
she regularly receives from the hands of the Vicar of Done-
real. In addition to this independence, she possesses, what
is not generally known, an excellent farm of land, rent free,
bestowed upon her by Alexander Murray, Esq., of Brough-
ton, a farm from which her father had been long since
ejected, and latterly held by a poor widow whose claim Mr.
Murray purchased, at no inconsiderable price (say 301.), that
he might restore to the female sailor the very " castle" that
boasted of her birthright.—Ballyshannon Herald.
There was a trial on Wednesday of new instrumental
music, by the Society of British Musicians, among which
were several overtures, pianoforte concertos, and a concerto
for the trumpet, performed by Harper. In consequence of
the absence of several of the subscribers the society's public
concerts will not commence until the second week in January.
On Wednesday at Hatton-garden a man was charged
with having broken three panes of glass. Mr. Rogers
asked the prosecutor, " Pray what is your charge ?" The
witness coolly replied, " Three three-and-sixpences—half-a-
guinea, your Worship."—(Laughter.)
Paragraphs have been going the round of the papers
stating that the second son of the Marquis of Lansdowne,
since the death of the Earl of Kerry, had assumed the title
of the Earl of Shelburne. Such is not the fact. This
young Nobleman retains the title of Lord Henry Fitz-
maurice, and will do so until the accouchement of the
Countess of Kerry.
It has been at length decided that John Barnett's
opera of Rosamond is to be brought out at Drury-lane
Theatre ; the composer is daily expected in town from Paris.
On the demise of his father, the Duke d'Angou-
leme has assumed the title of King of France, declaring
that he does so only that the authority may not be weak-
ened which he must retain, as head of the family, over his
relations, and especially in the interest of his brother's
children. His incognito title will continue to be that of
Count de Marne, derived from a little village near St.
Cloud, in which is situate the domain of Villeneuve
l'Etang, which belonged to the Duchess d'Angouleme,
and has been sold since the revolution of 1830. The young
Duke do Bourdeaux is expected shortly to visit some of
the Continental Courts, accompanied by a general officer,
who has not yet been selected, but who will probably be
the Marquis de Clermont Tonnerre, Minister of War dur-
ing the Administration of M. de Villele.
The melancholy loss just sustained by the exiled
branch of the Bourbons has produced a rapprochement be-
tween the Duchesses of Angoulemo and de Berry. If we
be correctly informed, it is the former Princess who has
made the first advances, by writing a most affectionate let-
ter to her sister-in-law, in which she calls her, as formerly,
her sister. The communication is stated to have drawn
tears from the Duchess de Berry, who, it is thought, will
deem that her children, especially her daughter, cannot be
confided to better hands than those of the virtuous daughter
of Louis XVI.
SCOTTISH HOSPITAL AND !CORPORATION.—
There was onWednesday a meeting of the friends and contri
butors to the Scottish Hospital and Corporation at the Al-
bion Tavern, Aldersgate-street. The Duke of Sutherland
presided over an assembly of about 200 persons. The cha-
rity of the Scottish Hospital is applicable to the poor me-
chanic, the artisan, and labourer, natives of Scotland (with
their wives, widows, and children, if born in Scotland) re-
sident in this metropolis, and its immediate neighbourhood,
who, not having acquired any parochial settlement in this
country, would, in age and poverty, in sickness and distress,
or when in want of employment, be exposed to the utmost
wretchedness, or to discreditable beggary, but for the fos-
tering care of this institution. The usual loyal and national
toasts were drunk, and Mr. Broadhurst and others, with glees
and songs, and Mr. Morgan, the celebrated Irish singer,
enlivened the evening by their various efforts. About 500
guineas, we understand, were subscribed during the evening.
ATTEMPT AT SELF-DESTRUCTION.—Last night,
between seven and eight o'clock, a married woman, named
Foxey, residing in White Hart-yard, Drury-lane, throw
herself into the Thames from the stairs of Waterloo-
bridge. A policeman of the F division and several water-
men succeeded, after much difficulty, in bringing the body
to the shore. After the usual remedies had been resorted
to successfully, a stretcher was procured from the Bow-
street station-house, and she was removed to her lodgings,
A family quarrel is supposed to have been the cause of the
rash act.
THE LATE SNOW-STARM IN SCOTLAND.--
During the heavy fall of snow on Wednesday last, a young
man, named James Brydone, employed on a farm belonging
to Dr. Ogilvie, left his master's house about scven o'clock
to look after a flock of sheep upon the hills from which de-
scends the Lethen water, in Peebles-shire ; and two of his
dogs having come home at a late hour without him, suspi-
cions were raised, and a search made immediately for the
missing shepherd, when the melancholy fact was discovered
that he had perished in the snow within 400 yards of his
own house... Edinburgh Mercury
