BRUSSELS PAPERS.

BRUSSELS, Nov. 16.—The Senate, in its sitting of
yesterday, agreed to the address in answer to the King's
speech. It is as follows :
" Sire—lt is always with lively satisfaction that the
national representatives see among them the King who
united the suffrages of Belgium, and who has so generously
associated himself with its destinies. The Senate hastens
to renew this assurance. The unanimons acclamations
which hailed the birth of the Prince, who will, as we may
say, imbibe with the milk the love of our institutions, have
convinced your Majesty, as they must have convinced all
Europe, of the attachment of the l3elgian people to the
King of their choice.
" If the nation eagerly wishes for the time when a de-
finitive treaty with Holland shall put an end to the sacri-
fices hitherto made in the two countries, it is not, how-
ever, ignorant that the obstacles which have interrupted
the course of the negotiations are not to be attributed to
your Majesty's Government; it confides, Sire, in your wise
and upright policy, it appreciates the advantages obtained by
the Convention of the 21st of May; it expects with com-
posure the end of our political differences, certain that
your Majesty will firmly maintain the rights of Belgium.
" We are gratified by the measures taken in the war
department, not only to perfect the instruction and disci-
pline of our army, but also to conciliate what is re-
quired by the security of the country, with the interests
of the people. Your Majesty has judged it possible to
make further retrenchments in this department, and we
are happy to learn that they will immediately take place.
" The projects of law which relate to the fate of our
brave soldiers will be the objects of our especial attention.
" We shall also devote our utmost care to the projects
relative to the new means of communication which our
manufacturers call for, as well as to the laws for the or-
ganization of the provinces and communes.
"a It is with great satisfaction and pride that we
have enjoyed the progress of the arts in our beautiful
country, the country of Rubens and Vandyke. These
arts will flourish more and more under a Prince, who
considers it as one of his dearest prerogatives to show
himself continually as their enlightened protector.
" The flourishing state of our manufactures under the
present circumstances, the indisputable increase of the
slivers branches of the public fortune, the augmentation of
the revenues of the State, prove how many elements of
prosperity Belgium possesses. This state of things happily
facilitates the diminution of the extraordinary burdens
which have this year pressed on landed property, and the
continuance of which would have become too difficult.

" Your Majesty has been pleased to inform us that the
arrangements with the bank, as cashier of the ancient
kingdom, has put at the disposal of the Government sums
which have been employed for the interest of the State.
We shall examine with care the documents which your
Majesty will cause to be laid before us on this important
subject.
" Several financial laws, doubtless, need to be modified,
but this reform must be undertaken with prudence and
circumspection.
" A point of the highest importance, because it has a
powerful influence on our credit, and on the results of the
contracts for public works, is that the budget of the
expenditure, as well as that of the ways and mean., be
adopted at the very beginning of the year ; we shall ne-
glect nothing to attain this desirable object. But the surest
means to prevent in the sequel delays, the serious incon-
veniences of which have been felt in the present financial
year, would be, we think, to discuss at the close of each
session the budget of the following year.
" Your Majesty may depend on our readine,s to concur
with you in the welfare of the country, and we shall
always consider it one of our first duties to support a
throne which is the safeguard of the public liberties."
M. d'Arnim, the Prussian Envoy to our Government,
arrived at Brussels yesterday.
The cholera bas broken out with much violence in the
prison of Liege. One of the keepers is dead. All the
prisoners were immediately sent to the prisons of Alost,
Namur, and St. Bernard. The disorder seems to be mak-
ing dreadful progress at Liege.
ANTWER?, Nov. 15.—This morning, about 9 o'clock,
a warehouse, in which were many thousand chests of
sugar and bales of coffee, gave way under the enormous
weight. Several workmen were buried under the ruins;
ten had been taken out; four were dead, and six severely
wounded. Great exertions are being made to find the
others. The number of the victims is not yet known.
The conferences of the Commissioners at Zondhoven
continue. We have reason to believe that they are nearly
concluded, and that, by the end of the week, the
tentiaries will be able to separate to the satisfaction of bath
parties.—Brussels Papers, Nov. 17.

A DIFFICULTY.—;4 You have only your•
self to please," said a Bendict to an old bachelor. " True,"
replied he; " but you cannot think what a difficult task
I find it."

We have received a file of Demerara Papers
to the 14th ult., by which we learn that his Excellency
the Lietvenant-Governor had been making a tour of the
Colony, and inspecting the militia ; the general good order
and efficiency of which, it is stated, afforded him great
satisfaction. Upon the receipt of the recent Act of
Parliament for the emancipation of the slaves, Sir J. C.
Smith published a proclamation addressed to them relative
to the change that is to be made in const (pence thereof.
The weather still continued very dry. Owing to the
number of bills that were drawn on account of produce
shipped, the exchange had fallen to 15 guilders 10 stivers
per pound sterling. Accounts have reached the Colony
that the produce market here presented a flattering and
cheering prospect to the planters, which :it was hoped
would continue. The following reductions and alterations
in the civil establishment of the Colony took place on the
I et October, when the salaries of the reduced offices ceased,
and the alterations in the mode of carrying on the several
duties hereaf:er named commenced :—Reductions—tat,
The office of Civil Commissary; 2d, the office of Secre-
tary to the Chief Justice ; 3d, the office of Dros-
cart ; 4th, the offices of Sworn Accountant to the Court
of Justice of Georgetown, Demerara, and at New Am-
sterdam,oGfencoeriaolooiaflthßeeKoeiiavge'rs, Chheeldst hbayvei%,bei.en3u.
Berbiee. Alterations—The duties of. Receiver-
General int eeld e tom e there icer office
and
which office is in future to be designated Ike that of hie
I%lsjesty'a Colonial Receiver. General.

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, NOVENIBER 20, 1833.

The French Papers of Monday have been
received, but they are devoid of interest: the
following was the state of the funds :

FRENCH FUNDS.—PARIS, Nov. 18.
Five per Cents., 102 f. 30c. 15c. 30c.
Four and a Half per Cents., 99f. 50c.
Four per Cents., 90f.
Three per Cents., 75f. sc. 75f. 74f. 95c.
Bank Actions, 1,72ef. 1,722 f. 50c.
Rente de Naples, 91f. 25c. 33c. 30c.
Roman Five per Cents., 83%
Rente d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 17M 17 16N.
Rente d'Espagne, Three per Cents., 36314 %.
Royal Spanish Loan, 79 77%.
Rente Perpet. d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 62 61'4 14
Belgian Loan, 1831, Five per Cent., 981 A.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paler, '2sf. 35c. ; money, —f. —c.
Three months, paper, 25f. 25c.; money, 25f. 20c.
—Cours Authentique.

We have received Frankfort Papers of the
13th inst. They do not contain any news of
importance. An article from Vienna, dated the
9th, states that the news of the dissolution of
the Darmstadt Chamber had created a great
sensation there, and was considered to prove
the necessity of taking the state of Germany into
mature consideration.

An article dated Carlsruhe, the 12th inst.,
says that, at the sitting of the States of Baden
on the 11th inst., an address to the GRAND
DUKE was proposed by Mr. WELCKER, and
adopted by the Chamber, of which we subjoin
the principal passages. We are glad to
see, that while the Northern Despots are
struggling to put down the few remaining
liberties of Germany, there is a spirit of resist-
ance in the inhabitants which is likely to
produce good fruit. The remarks of Mr.
WELCKER are not applicable merely to the state
of Germany, but also to the struggle between
the two principles of freedom and despotism
throughout Europe ; they apply with as much
force to the Tories of England and the mis-
called juste milieu of France, as to the Carlists
of Spain and the Miguelites of Portugal. The
struggle is not between factions, but between
principles : it is not whether Louis PHILIP
shall reign in France, or Donna ISABELLA in
Spain, but whether those rights which the edu-
cated possess in virtue of their education, and
which all mankind ought to possess in virtue of
the principles which regulate well organised
society, shall prevail against a despotism having
no other sanction than its antiquity, and no
foundation but the ignorance of an unenlight-
ened multitude. We hope the period is at
hand when these categories will meet with their
solution ; the Divine-right-principle of Kings,
like the infallibility of the Popes, must soon be
tried by the standard of truth and reason.
Mr. WELCKER says—

st We feel it our duty to point out to your Royal High-
ness several imminent dangers with which the general
interests of the country are threatened. The first of these
dangers is the sanguinary war of principle between the
liberties of the ptople, and the arbitrary power which has
been going on in Europe for the last 50 years; a war, the
issue of which is to decide between the liberty or
slavery, the independence or division, the civilization or
barbarism of the people. The second danger, which in
Germany
is n
aggravated
performance
by the firer,
the promises made to
is the delay which has
t
the people. The third danger is the evident suppression
place in the
of truth which wounds the national character of the people
of Germany, who are full of candour and loyalty. And
the fourth danger consists in the injury thereby done to
the confidence which ought to subsist between the people
and their sovereign. The dangers which we have thus
enumerated to your Royal Highness are so many principal

The Marquis of FUNCHAL, who was ap-
pointed by Don PEDRO Ambassador at this
Court on a special mission, has recently received
an appointment as resident Minister. The
Chevalier de RIBEIRo will, as hitherto, con-
tinue to act as first Secretary of Legation.

It is stated in several of the letters from
Lisbon that Admiral NAPIER having expressed,
with the frankness of a sailor, his dissatisfaction
at the proceedings of Don PEDRO'S Ministers,
a coolness exists between him and some of the
advisers of the REGENT, which is very prejudi-
cial to the cause in which they are engaged. It
is, however, but an act of justice to say that
the Gallant Admiral does not allow his dissa-
tisfaction to interfere with his duties. He
embarked in the cause from principle, and he is
not to be diverted from doing what he can to
uphold it by the misconduct of individuals less
occupied in providing for the welfare of the
country than for their own emolument. The
truths which NAPIER utters in the ears of Don
PEDRO are too unlike the language of court
parasites to be pleasing, and it is not surprising
that he has many enemies among those who
seek to render themselves agreeable by administer-
ing to the vanity of the REGENT ; but it is a fine
trait in the character of PEDRO, that whilst his
vanity is led captive by his Courtiers, he has
good sense enough to appreciate the rough but
honest language of a man who entered his ser-
vice from motives of pure disinterestedness,
except as regards the cause of liberty, and who
remains in it notwithstanding all the intrigues
which have been set on foot against him, be-
cause he knows that his co-operation is essential
for the security of the cause which he has
espoused, and that sooner or later his advice,
and that of the distinguished Portuguese who
concur in his views, will be adopted. Wt h
what correctness the Admiral has formed his
opinion of Portuguese affairs will be soon
shown in a variety of instances. One, however,
may suffice for the present. Whilst the Portu-
guese Ministry were writing to their agents
here—" We do not want men, for the brave
volunteers are full of enthusiasm : send us only
arms and ammunition,"—NAPlEß wrote that,
without men from England and France, the
utmost that PEDRO could do would be to maintain
the ground he stood on, and that the Volunteer
force, even for the purpose of defence, was a very
doubtful one. The conduct of the Volunteers
at Alcacer do Sal, a very important position
indeed for either party, is a melancholy illustra-
tion of the justness of the view taken of the
conduct of the Ministers on this subject. Let
us hope that the bitterness of the experience
may make it salutary.
The Tories, who, in the lack of events favour-
able to their hopes at home, watch with anxiety
the progress of absolutism abroad, are almost
frantic with glee at the defence which the
Miguelites have made, and at the prospect of
another campaign under circumstances less
favourable to the Constitutionalists than might
have been expected under good management.
They have, however, little ground for exulta-
tion, and we can very well spare them the en-
.
joyment which they derive from their dream of
prosperity. We may regret as much as they
rejoice at the delay in settling the Portuguese
question ; but we know that the ultimate suc-
cess of the Constitutional cause is secure, both
in Spain and Portugal, and that all that is
wanting in the latter country to hasten that
success is the appointment of a Ministry possess-
ing equal patriotism with the leading men of the
present Government, but with more pru-
dence, and with a greater degree of influence
from personal character or property, in the country.
We attach no importance to the assertion that
Don MIGUEL is beloved in Portugal, and
therefore shall apprehend little from the influ-
ence of his name from the moment when the
Pedroite Government shall act more prudently.
The ignorant mass in Portugal may prefer
IVIIGuEL and despotism to a Constitution and
political freedom ; but an unenlightened mass is
not to dictate to the intelligent, although it must
be wise in a struggle like the Portuguese not to

alarnotlyt timid by too rapid strides in liberalism.
If the mass even in England, where it is com-
paratively enlightened, had prevailed against the
intelligent portion of society, we should not have
had Catholic emancipation. It is, therefore,
going—T(36'rar to say that the Portuguese should
be left to the Government of Don MIGUEL,
even though it were proved that the mass of the
people, as they are called, in distinction from the
wealthy and educated, were all in favour of
Don MIGUEL, a position, however, which is
exceedingly doubtful, and which future events
alone can decide.

The British Government abstains at present
from taking any direct part in the dispute be-
tween the two Constitutional parties—the mode-
rate and the ultra—in Portugal, but that PAL-
MELLA and his partisans have the good wishes
of our own Cabinet, and of that of France, admits
of no doubt. We expect, therefore, that the next
arrival from Lisbon will bring information that a
change of Ministry is in preparation, and that
prudent as well as vigorous measures will be
adopted against the enemy. This will be the
way to disappoint the English Tories, and at
the same time without alarming the Liberals, for
PALMELLA dare not, if he felt so disposed,
attack the charter under whose triumph he
has been restored to his native land. He dare
not, if he would, make moderation an excuse
for treason, and abandon the cause which he has
sworn to defend.

The Brussels Papers of the 17th inst., which
arrived this morning, contain the Address of
the Belgian Senate i❑ answer to the King's
Speech, of which it is almost an echo. These
papers state that the cholera had broken out at
Liege, and was making dreadful progress.

Whatever question there may be as to the
truth of the axiom, that " well fed valour
always fights the best," it is clear that the Irish
have a strong feeling of the constancy of well
paid patriotism. The accounts we give else-
where of the manner in which the O'CONNELL
rent is pouring in, are either indubitable proofs
of this feeling in Ireland, or of besotted igno-
rance, greater even than we have before suspected.
Looking, however, to the conduct of both
parties, we think the more rational conclusion
to come to is, that the people know the character
of their man, and act accordingly. They have
now an able, eloquent, and powerful advocate ;
they recollect it was before rent existed, that he
consented to sacrifice the 40s. freeholders, and
resolve, as far as in them lies, to prevent
the recurrence of such another lapse. The
Learned Gentleman, on his side, perfectly
understands the nature of his engagement,
and for fear the people should at all forget it,
intimates to them, a short time before rent day,
that he must retire for a few-months to study
the question, from the carrying of which he has
taught them to expect the allotment of a full
pot of potatoes and galore of whisky to every
man, woman, and child, in the island. Rumours
are at the same time industriously spread that the
Ministry have offered him a situation of 3,0001.
or 4,0001. per annum. The alarm is taken,
preparations are made for raising the tribute,
and the great agitator comes forward and inti-
mates that he never will be such a fool as to
-resign 12,0001. for the sake of taking an office
" under Lord GREY." As he has declared his
own unfitness to be a Judge, the Learned
Gentleman may be here taken to hint at the
Viceroyalty with 20,0001. a year as the only
thing he would accept. Let it not be
supposed that we did not admire the first col-
lection made for Mr.O'CoNNELL. It was a proper
tribute of respect from a grateful people, and,
at the same time, seemed, in some degree, to re-
imburse him for the pecuniary sacrifices he had
made in their service. England has more than
once made such offerings to citizens who have
distinguished themselves in her behalf, but the
idea of a trading patriotism was reserved for Mr.
O'CONNELL. The thing would merely excite
the ridicule of reflecting people on this side of
the water were the Irish abounding in wealth, but
their feelings assume a more serious character
when they consider the actual state of that
unfortunate, long-enduring, and misguided
people. Mr. O'CoNNELL has told us repeatedly
that thousands annually die of starvation in
Ireland, the Irish press has repeated the story,
and the people have by hundreds of desperate
acts attested its truth ; yet Mr. O'CONNELL
continues to receive 12,0001. a year from the
poorest part of the population, a large portion of
the press urge its collection, and the people
willingly or otherwise contribute it. What
are we to think ? Are we deceived ? Are not
the people of Ireland in a state of extreme
wretchedness ? Are we cheated into an 'advo-
cacy of the poor laws as the immediate prelimi-
nary step to any measure of amelioration ? Or
is it true that the people do die of starvation,
that Mr. O'CONNELL knows it, and yet work-
ing upon their excited feelings, wrings from them
the penny that should go to support their perish-
ing infants ? Once and again has " the
Saxon," " the Foreigner," been appealed
to for charitable succour: once and again
has the benevolence of the people of this
country been extended to their famishing
feo'fllotw citizens,heirforge andtfuio wease doubt
of
the oftno that,
in
ated spitepro.
raises of " eternal gratitude," they will again
feel that benevolence. The occasion may be
soon, for we perceive the announcement of
symptoms of the potatoe crop running short ;
but we fear that the kindly feelings of Christian
charity will be mingled with pity for the blind-
ness of the people, with indignation and con-
tempt for the sordid selfishness which could so
lose upon that blindness.
