SO UTHTVARK.

On Saturday night Mr. William Brougham,
brother of the Lord Chancellor, presented himself
to the electors of the Borough, as a candidate to
represent them in Parliament, and addressed various
bodies of them at the Duke of Clarence, the Nag's
Head, and the King of Prussia Taverns. At the
latter place about 200 electors assembled between
seven and eight o'clock. Mr. J. C. Barns, of Too-
ley-street, was called to the Chair. Mr. Brougham
was received in so enthusiastic a manner as must
have been highly gratifying to his feelings.
ELECTOR—State what you will do, and I think
you will not betray us like one of our late Members.
Mr. BROUGHAM—He would never deceive them,
nor promise more than he would perform. He would
prove the most unflinching and uncompromising ad-
vocate of Reform arid retrenchment, and the name
he possessed of Brougham would be a surety to
them that he would be the undeviating asserter of
the people's rights and liberties.—(Cheers.) He
would do all in his power to abolish sinecures, and
to cut down unnecessary pensions ; and it was a
subject of deep regret to him, that his Majesty's
Ministers had not succeeded in lopping off the
Pension List.—(Hear.) He detested the horrid
practices of West India slavery, and would exert
himself to effect its speedy abolition, if returned to
Parliament.—(Cheers.) After some further obser-
vations, the Learned Gentleman said he would offer
nothing further at that time, as he had to address
another body of the electors.—(Cheers.)
Mr. PENFORD Thomas addressed the meeting
with much force and eloquence, in favour of Mr.
Brougham's pretensions, and concluded by moving
the first resolution, which was seconded by Mr.
PEAKE, and carried unanimously.
All the resolutions having been carried unani-
mously, and thanks voted to the Chair, the meeting
broke up.

When the Crown was about to be placed on
the KING, preparatory to his entering the House of Lords,
his MAJESTY took it from the hand of the attendant, and
placing it himself on his head, exclaimed to the LORD
CHANCELLOR, who stood near him, "this, my Lord, is
my Coronation Day."— Observer.
CAITHNESS COUNTY MEETING.—We
refer our readers with pleasure to the resolutions
of perhaps the most enthusiastic county meeting,
in the cause of Reform, held in Scotland. The
different parties, as they art ived, says our correspondent,
cheered and were greeted with cheers in return. About
one o'clock they formed into an immense circle, gave a
general huzza, and then closing round the Committee, pro-
ceeded to business. The resolutions were passed unani-
mously and by acclamation. The business being finished,
three astounding cheers were given, the first for the sailor
KING, the second fur the patriot Ministers, and the third
for the Bill, the sheet anchor and palladium of the British
nation. The day was fine and all was harmony, delight,
and enthusiasm. The various parties, after a few more
parting cheers, left the ground with their flags and music,
and returned home, to muse on the proceedings of a day
which will not be soon forgotten in Caithness. Our cor-
respondent estimates the number present at 3,000.
STANDARD NOVELS.—The next number of
this very popular work will contain " The Spy," by Mr.
COOPER, complete in one volume, beautifully embelLshed
by engravings from original designs by MACLISE. The
chief attraction will, however, consist in a new Introduc-
tion, Notes, and other illustrative matter, written expressly
for the present edition by the Author, who has also re-
vised and corrected the text, the former editions being
very incorrect. The volume to be published June Ist will
comprise the whole of " Thaddeus of Warsaw," by Miss
JANE PORTER.
