THE P.EITTIILICAN.—No. HI.

FOlt THE SUN.

The same excuse which we have made for the
RepoblicaniAn of two great and good men, MIL-
TON and Sir WILLIAM JONES, will apply also to
many others, who, in the enthusiasm of their
studies, omitted to distinguish the ab-
surdity of ancient politics, from the sublime pro-
ductions of ancient genius. A more temperate
and considerate view of the Governments of
Athens anti Rome has at length convinced all
unpvejudieed minds, that nothing could less de-
serve the imitation of other nations, than the
systems of those people. At once turbulent and
oppressive, they neither promoted the happiness
of tech or poor. Always agitated by.factious de-
magogth 3, the lower orders were perpetually misled
into the grossest injustice and ingratitude. The
oppressed pat t of these States, was io fact, the
rich, whom no length of services tool(' protect
from poplar injustice, spoliation, and even con-
demnation. The very name of free, was com-
pletely misapplied Sc, States, in which one-half
or more of the population, was in ac:ud and-
severe slavery. The whole classes, which we
acknowledge under the name of servants, and.the
majori!y of artisans, were liable to be 'soltf like
cattle, and gild their very lives at the disposal of
their tyrant Masters. Nor, though the.acensa•
tion include a large part of the American
States, can we allow those People to be reti
Friends to Liberty, who encourage and maintain
domestic Slaver-. Friends to their own Liberty,
they may be, hut at the same time no less so to
their own Tyranny.

But there is a large class of Persons, not at all
sedoced by Classital or arty other Li erature,
whom we may fairly hold excused for having
Republican feelings, or being seduced into Re-
publican principle,. I mean the populace. Ig-
norntt of the many proofs which History pre-
sents, that the abuse of Liberty leads directly to
t!esyoti-m ; and stimulated on the other but by
the passions continuo to our nature, they have.
little protection against the artifices of those'who
would urge them to throw off nestraitit. Potter,
influence, exaltation, how desirable, to every
human being ! How delightful to the poor man,
to he :old, that he ought to be rich ! To have all
his ditties swallowed up in his imaginary rights ;
to have the first men of his time for his flatterers
and sycophants ! Nothing but the soundest philo.
soppy, or the still more pure and excellent precepts
of religion could enable him to tesist such tempts-
tions ; and of these the former is above iris reach,
and the latter studiously kept out of hts sight by
his corruptors. If, then, the poor man becomes
a Republican, the fault may not be in his heart
or in his temper, hut in the frailty of his nature,
which is worked upon by the worst of men, for
the most detestable of purposes.
Forgiving the deceived, as far as any candour
can demand, :he accusation recoils with tenfold
force tyros the base and guilty deceivers. It falls
with its otmost weight upon the party who have
called themselves Whigs; who, to force their
own way to !tower, have been employed for thirty
years past in circulating Republican doctrines
among the people, in vilifying every Administra.
don, in which they did not bear a part; and in
holding up our ancient, venerable, and happy in-
stitutions, to contempt and hatred. They have
overshot their mark, and have themselves become
invoked in the hatred, which they laboured to
excite against their envied rivals. While they
sought to administer the Government, they have
run the hazard of having no Government left to
administer. The Republican weapons have been
wrested from their hands by coarse and desperate
men, to be wielded, if they could prevail, for the
common destruction) of iVbigsas well as Tories.
In this most perilous state, they still seem blind
to their error; and with a lust of power which is
not regulated even by common sense, continoe to
throw fresh sparks among the combustible mate-
rials, by which themselves would probably be the
first to be blown into the air.

Some noble and most honourable exceptions
there are, of men who, recognizing the true prin-
ciples of our Constitution, have given their p.wer.-
ful aid to its snpport and durability ; but it is most
lamentable to think how many have done other-
wise ; and have not feared to flatter and cm:mi-
rage the Republican spirit, though its triumph
would have sealed their doom.

[To lie continued.]

The late Sir VICARY GIBBS was educated at
King's College, Cambridge, %%here he nisi ingnish-
ed himself by Isis Attainments in classical litera.
tore. In the year 1772, he was elected a scholar
on ['Ord CRAVEN'S fououation, and at die Gene.
ral Election in 1807, was ehostli one of the Re-
preSenrat (yes in P,nlianitnit for the University.

The Duke of BEDroRD•is alum: to erect, in the
centre of Covent Garden, a .hamlsotne stone co-
lumn whit;it is to be 3 unnouuted with a vuly large
lamp, so powerfully illuminared with vs, as to
light night the wioile of the market within the
iriciusoru.


MR. EDITOX—Pray do not support the infa-
mous notoriety of lIrJNT and CORBETT in your
respectable Columns. Leave the Lriw to do jus-
tice to the one, and let the other sink
.into that
insignificance, conternlC and defestotion whicit
it seems to have been the aim of the other, through
the whole of his life, to deserve from all good

men.

Jerusalem Coffee-house, Feb. 11.

808 BLUNT.

Y.S. The very name of these despicable Agi
tators can only excite abhorrence and disgus
among your Readers, judging from myself, ant
tuJny others, ►o ho wish to be enlivened by no
velty and improved by information.

THIS DAT AT TWELVE O'CLOCK.

3 itr Cent. Red.
3 ,cr Cent. Cons. 664i
4 ser Cents
5 .ier Ct. Navy Ann. 1021 103
Birk Long Ann. Isi 3-lUths

India Bonds .... 13s. 15s. Pr'
!:xet). Bilk, 4d..... Is. Ss•
Ditto Coin wercia I "s•ui:j,
Cons. for Account .. Mb°

MAILS. •

•
• lartlvEn—i Dublin, 1 Waterfora, 1 France.
Due-1 Guttenburgk, Y Hamburgh.

lIICt WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE i'O.MORROW
Morniig, 36 minutes after 1. I Evening, 6 minutes after

TH E
IVT
11 •

TOLEM QUIS DICERE FALSUM AUDEAT ?

LONDON ,
,!ATURI)4II7, FEBRUARY 12, 1820.

It it, we find, now more than whispered, that

a certain Lady has been ordered to return to chi'

Country, and the Persons have been confidentlY

named who are said to have been employed

in executing this delicate and extraordinary

mission. if the tran,actions which have take"

place abroad, so openly as to admit of little

doubt, Were to be fully developed to the NB'

tion, we believe that the People geueriii

Would join will) us in beiieving that (lief'

is not the least likelihood, if such orders 1105

really been dispatched, that they would be fol•

lowed by acquiescence. We have such soli) Orid

satisfactory reasons for our opinions, that, bow:

ever confidently the rumour may prevail of a nice

ditated return to this Country, voluntary or 11Y

requisition, we positively state our conviction tii't

Such an event is far, very far, from being %Obi°

the limits of probability.

We received this morning the Paris Papers of
Wednesday last. .1,1 the Chamber of Deputies °II
Tuesday further reports were made from the Collt'
mittee of Petitions, but containing nothing °,l
public interest. The discussion was then res"l/7
ed on the projet respecting the sales of nati"lls
domains ; the four Articles, as 'amended by the
Committee, were agreed to, and an adjouinivegif
took place till Wednesday.
The Journal de Paris contains the following 11`

telligcnce respecting Spnin
gorli
" The accounts from Madrid of the 29th
30th January, inserted in The Memorial BordeWe'e
of the sth February, corroborate those which
gave yesterday front our private Correspondroce.
and which anticipated the prompt suppressio" °
the Revolt. The following are the principal
tails from that Journal :

The revolted troops of the Expeditionoil
Army are concentrated in the Isla de Leon. DI
have made two attacks upon Saint Ferclin,na,
have been defeated, owing to its respectable 01'
of defence. The entrenchments are occupied bi
300 well disposed men. A frigate has been
tinned in the Southern sea, in order to detead I.
passage at low water, and the two sides of ib
Isthmus are surrounded by gun-boats and bon'v
vessels crossing each others fire.

The best spirit prevails at Cadiz. All the -1';
habitants are ready with their property, and Pear
sonal service, to defend the City. The Gover
has made every preparation, both against a 51/17
prize, or an open attack, should it be made.
The Revolters are reduced to the resoarr'o
which they found on entering the Isla de 100;
and these resources must now be exiou97:l,
They cannot obtain any other means, ttvo
e'i4
gates being cruising off Saint Peter, nor is (11:-i
any apprehension of their dividing thenvel4
into Guerillas, the Royal Army having tl3i
movement which cuts off their retreat on
side of the mountains.'
11er
There is nothing further in any of the o'
o'
Journals respecting the nflails of Spain. The -
loving are further extracts :
Pr°
" PARIS, FHB. 9.—Yesterday the Ambola
and Foreign Mit;isters paid their respects Lti

Kng and the Royal Family.
" T Ida
here was to have been a Privy Coulicil At
ycsterdq, but it was postponed till this play • Tl‘e
tfe last Siting, M. Leine and M. Pasquier sl,°
vith great talent, and much force of reason'ng'.,
" The Duke de Laval Montmorency, Mill',r9
lador from the Court of France to Madrid, 8-

(Mt in) Saturday, to return to his post. 130
" Di;ke de Richelieu gives a grand b°ll
.t .

evening. al
" M. de Sai:it Aulake it is sail, assured sel- $
Deputies yesterday, that the projet
Elections will be prcseuttd at the end -

kveek.
" The King, it i 3 said, will pSS some c.,
the Spring at Trianon.
lje‘
" tr is *l4i:l, the new Lp.v of Electio ;4
n t 0
• ,
—t

ff i

eons

Pm, . .
' r,;r: C
. .
.:.' ,AliMO;. .Vr.02*470;411ti*W02,3.:!'in,:7:,,-..7,,f,i-M,;44.0Z-W4.-17.:tte•v.fa 7.7 - '--7-,-,•, L.- --.,.,-f,,...::', :,, - . _ . •1• i .
)It THE SUN. FOR THE SUN. PRICE OF SI'OCKS : 4:, •
,s. Of
---,.----
._..-...—.05a......--- THIS DAT A T TWELVE crCLOCPC. ")::. :
---- -
MR. EDIT OX—Pray do nut support the info- 3355:(Ctee.',N1,tt:aR,yet:i.siti.
102 (6:8111
Cons.D xi
tc lndia
!(i) CBt.oof Bills
rnt sAdnsc; 'cc; dro.c.ii. au: It. I:3. s.
I.
1 5:1675t ;11 r;
!:: ': f :
I'UBLICAN.—No. HI.
se which we have made for the moos notoriety of Hutsrr and COBBETT in your 4 3er Cents
two great and good men, MIL- respectable Columns. Leave the Law to do jos-
-131.:,k Long Ann. iSi 3-16t1is
k
LIAM JONES, will apply also to rice to the one, a.pd let the other sink
.into that , ••,. ....._,..........._ . . i.
MAILS. '
o in the enthusiasm of their insignifica-nce, concern*,, and defesto.tion whiciN : •,
larovEn-1 Dublin, I waterfor, 1 France .• •
• . :
omitted to distinguish the ab- it seems to have been the aim of the other, through
politics, from the sublime pro- the
,lILAGD';',:g.R.--,.,;:auLft,;er:7l".;:iel:ttliklit)ie:,:b:6'ulig:i.lii(teßs.rtagelr'v'g' . - ' '!,„,,t ::
t.
6 I.:
the whole of his life, to deserve from all good
•nt genius. A more temperate men.
808 BLUNT.
view of the Governments of
Jerusalem Coffee-house, Feb. It. ----------.....--.---.______________-------------------- , ~3
--,
)e has at length convinced all _____
11
es
P.S. The very name of these despicable Agi- 114 SITAT , ..i • tls, that nothing could less de- • .0f
tators can only excite abhorrence and disgust sll'
)11 of other nations, than the among your Readers, judging from myself, and SO QUIS DICERE FALSUM AUDEAT ?
Many others, %%Ito wish to be enlivened by no- , . ,,:x •
people. At once turbulent and
i ,V.
velty and improved by information.
LONDON,
neither promoted the happiness
