COURT CIRCULAR.

The Baron de MAKEUIL, the French Minister, had an
interview with Viscount PALMERSTON at the Foreign-
office yestertity.

Their MAJESTIES honoured the Earl of ALBEMARLE
with their company at dinner yesterday, at the Stud•bouse.
The Duke and Duchess of CUMBERLAND and a select
party were present to meet the KING and QUEEN.
Sir JAMES LYON, the Governor of Barbadoes, and Sir
CHARLES :MARSHALL, recently appointed Chief Justice of
Ceylon, transacted business at the Office of the Secretary
of State for the Colonial Department yesterday.
Viscount PALMERSTON visited Sir JAMES GRAHAM
yesterday at the Admiralty.
Despatches from Barbadoes were received yesterday at
the Colonial-office.

Arrival—Viscount MELBOURNE yesterday, from the
seat of Earl COWPER, at Panshanger, Herts.

Their MAJESTIES will arrive to-morrow at
half-past one o'clock, from Windsor, at St. James's Palace,
when his MAJESTY will give audiences to the nobility now
in town.

Lord FITZROY SOMERSET held a military
levee, this day, at the Horse Guards, which was well at-
tended.

Despatches were received this forenoon at the
Foreign-office, from Paris, and at the Colonial-office, from
St. Lucia.

Lord and Lady HOWICK are expected to
arrive at Alnwick on Monday. We understand the Loan
CHANCELLOR, Lord ALTHORP, Lord JOHN RUSSELL, and
other distinguished characters, are shortly expected on a
visit to Earl GREY, at Howick. —Newcastle Chronicle.
The Literary Union has, we hear, been com-
pelled to abandon for the present its purposed removal to
Mr. PONSONBY'S house, in St. James's-square.
A large meeting of the electors of the Northern
Division of Devon was held at Snuthmolton, on Thursday
last, when it was agreed by a large majority to support the
Hon. NEWTON FELLOWES aa a candidate. An express
arrived from Sir T. ACLAND, whilst the meeting was
holding, declining to stand. About twenty gentlemen after-
wards dined together, and a handsome piece of plate was
presented to Lord EBRlNGTON.—Sherborne Journal.
Captain POPHAM HILL, who commands the
Marines on board the Donna Maria, raised above 200
men for the service of the young QUEEN, principally from
his own tenantry in the Isle of Wight.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL has experienced a
severe attack of cholera during the past week, at Dart.
mouth, but we are happy to say he was recovering when
the last accounts came away.—Devonport Telegraph.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL is strongly opposed by
the Torie=, in Devonshire, who were even ready to have
supported the other Reform Candidate, Mr. BULTELL, in
preference to his Lordship. The Reformers, however,
have taken melaures for the purpose of preventing the suc-
cess of any such project. The clergy will never forgive
Lord JOHN, for taking up the cause of the Dissenters, and
leading that cause to a triumphant result. They do not
hesitate to say, that the repeal of the Test Act led to the
Emancipation of the Catholics, and the freedom of both to
Parliamentary Reform, which, they are well aware, must
he followed up by a commutation of Tithes and the Reform
of the Church.—Christian Advocate.

A report was very generally circulated in the
city at 'Change time yesterday of the arrival of an ex-
press with intelligence that Lord JONII RUSSELL had died
of cholera.--The report we believe to be without founda-
tion. We know that arrangements had been made for
his Lordship' reception at Modbury the beginning of last
week, and that he was prevented by indisposition from
attending, which will account naturally enough for the
origin of the rumour. We also know that his Lordship
subsequently continued his electioneering tour through
South Devon ; that on Wednesday he visited Teignmouth,
where he was sufficiently recovered to encounter Mr.
PRAED in debate, and leave him the worst of the argu-
ment; that on Thursday he reached Newton, where he
again explained his views respecting the Tithes and the
Corn Laws ; and that, on being warned by the Board of
Health of the existence of cholera at the town of Ash-
burton, he postponed his intended visit, and retired to
Endersleigb, the seat of his Grace the Duke of BEDFORD.
The unfavourable statements were so contradictory in
their particulars, that we may hope, though without po-
sitive evidence, to maintain our speculation that the re-
port will turn out to be incorrect. It is unnecessary for
us to state that great anxiety was manifested on the occa-
sion. The feelings of our readers will bo a sufficient tes-
timony to that fact.

name.

AN INDEPENDENT ELECTOR.—Mr. 11M,
FORD, when on his canvass, was asked by one of his
father's tenants whether he approved of and would sup-
port the union of the church and state. " Certainly,"
said the candidate. " Then," was the honest reply of the
the farmer, "I will not give you my vote; I will support
the man who will strive to separate the two as soon as
possible."—Leicester Chronicle.

Admiral CODRINGTON, who is a candidate
for Devonport and Stonehouse, received last week an invi-
tation to mortal combat from a gentleman of the name of
WOOLCOMBE, who had taken offence at something which
had been written or spoken by Sir EDWARD. The hero
of Navar:no, however, had no taste for this mode of set-
tling a dispute, and, at a dinner given to him a few days
afterwards, he alluded to the affair as follows It
might, perhaps, be thought that he was fond of fighting,
but there was no man who liked it less ; and he never in
his life took his ship's company into action without feeling
a heavy responsibility a to the necessity of risking their
lives. He thought the Town-hall the proper place for
settling a dispute like that between Mr. WOOLCOMBE and
himself, and he should be glad to meet him there, and
the constituency would then be able to judge who was in
the wrong."
A Noble Marquis is said to have broken up
his game preserves in consequence of having lost his
boroughs. If such be the case, we can only say that it
will have been one happy result of the Reform Bill, which
even its most sanguine friends had not anticipated.
ZOIIRAB, THE HOSTAGE.—We are re-
quested to state, that this new work, by the author of
" Haiji Baba," will be published on Saturday next by
RICHARD BENTLEY, New Burlington street, and may be
had of all respectable booksellers, and at all the principal
libraries in the kingdom. Orders should, therefore, be
given immediately to ensure early copies of the work.
Agents for Scotland, Messrs. BELL and BRADFUTE, Edin-
burgh ; and for Ireland, Mr. JOHN CUMMING, Dublin.

A circular has just been sent to all the incum-
bents, by the Commissioners appointed by his Majesty's
letters patent under the Great Seal, to inquire into the
revenues of all ecclesiastical benefices, donatives, perpetual
curacies, and ehapelriea. The circu!ar contains 32 articles
of inquiry relative to each incumbency, to which answers
are desired. —Exeter Gazette.
OPENING THE WIGAN AND NEWTON
RAILWAY.—On Monday this railway was opened. The
length of the railway is seven miles. The Leeds, Liver-
pool, and Manchester canals are crossed by two iron bridges.
There is no perceptible change from the level throughout
the line. The average time required to perform the dis-
tance with four carriages and 23 passengers is 15 minutes.
Birmingham Journal.
We hear that active steps are being taken to
carry the projected railway from Brighton to London into
effect. It is intended to apply to Parliament for a Bill.—
This scheme will unquestionably meet with strenuous
opposition from the coachmasters and others concerned in
the transit of passengers and goods. A calculation has
been made that the railway will cost 180,0001. Passengers
will be able, should the project succeed, to be convoyed to
London in two hours.—Brighton Paper.
COLONEL GEORGE LLOYD HODGES.—
This gallant gentleman, who distinguished himself in the
late struggles in Portugal (as was stated in a Limerick
Contemporary), is a "true born Irishman." He is the
son of the late GEORGE HODGES, El. of Old Abbey, in
the county of Limerick, brother of Mrs. DOCTOR LLOYD,
of Limerick, and brother-in-law to Counsellor FARRELL,
the assistant barrister for Kilkenny. Colonel Honces en-
tered the British army at an early age, as an ensign in the
61st foot, and soon after exchanged into the 3d Dragoons,
in which regiment he served in all the Peninsular catn-
paigns—but for a considerable part of that interesting pe-
riod, he served on the personal Staff of the late Major-Ge-
neral SONTAG, and also in the Staff of Major-General
Cox, then Governor of the fortress of Almeida ; he still
held at unattached rank in the British army, and it was
during his sojourn in Portugal during the late war, that
he made that collection of Portugue•e music, so much ad-
mired, and lately published under the head of " Portuguese
Melodies ; " and until he lately went to Portugal, at the
head of the British Volunteers, he was the editor and
principal conductor of the Court Journal published in
London. Colonel HODGES is the intimate and personal
friend of Mr. 0. CAVE, the Member for this county.—
Tipperary Free Press.
ALARMING CASE OF CIIOLERA.—A young
man, named CHARLES FELTHAM, an officer of the F.
division, No. 86, was last evening at the station-house,
Covent-garden, apparently in the enjoyment of the most

robast health, performing his duty, and was conversing
with his brother officers in a cheerful manner, when he
was seized with spasms and cramps in his hovels and legs.
He was instantly conveyed home by direction of Mr.
THOMAS, the superintendent, and was attended by medi-
cal gentlemen, who pronounced it a case of the most de-
cided cholera, and notwithstanding every means were used
to save him, he expired in a few hours. FELTHAM Was
a very powerful man, 26 years of age,—his strength was
so extraordinary that he has lifted a 14-stone man from
the ground on the palm of his right hand. He was a
most temperate man, of exceedingly regular habits, and,
having a very florid 'complexion, had the appearance of
csegntryman. His sudden death has excited a great deal
of alarm in the division, which had previously lost three
of their most powerful and healthy men.
At an early hour on Saturday morning, as the
gardener in the employ of WAKEFIELD, Esq., of
Bury-street, Upper Edmonton, was engaged in the grounds
in front of his master's residence, he saw some object sus-
pended from the lamp-iron above the gate ; on a nearer
approach it proved to be a young and interesting woman,
who still exhibited signs of life. Fortunately the man
had his pruning-knife in his hand, with which he instantly
cut her down ; and, surgical assistance being promptly
obtained, in a few hours she was completely resuscitated.
She was the same day conveyed before the local authorities
of the place, and, in answer to the interrogatories put to
her, she stated that having been seduced and subsequently
deserted by a married gentleman residing at Edmonton,
she had been driven by despair to make the rash attempt
on her life, which, in consequence of the conduct of her
seducer, had become insupportable to her. She was, after
a suitable admonition, ordered to be taken care of in the
poor-house. On the night prior to the attempt the un-
happy creature, whose name we understand is JONES, was
seen wandering about the neighbourhood in a state of mind
bordering on distraction.
THE FLEET.—We learn with much regret
that the Fleet will take a final leave of our harbour on
Sunday next. Yesterday Sir P. MALCOLM arrived in
this City, and was shortly afterwards waited on by the
Mayor, the Mayor elect, the Sheriffs, and a Deputation,
consisting of SAMUEL LANE, Esq., President of the Com-
mittee of Merchants, R. SAINTHILL, Esq., and GEORGE
ATKINS, Esq. Secretary, who presented the gallant Ad-
miral with the Memorial from the County and City of
Cork, to the Admiralty, praying for the restoration of the
Naval Flag and Arsenal at Cove. The deputation were
received in the most kind manner by Sir PULTENEY, who
gave them to understand that arrangements were in con-
templation, which, if they did not go to the full
extent of the wishes of the inhabitants of Cork,
would, at least, go very far in affording em-
ployment to the distressed artisans, who have
already suffered in consequence of this decision of the Go-
vernment. It is stated that in future naval stores will he
kept on board vessels in the harbour, to facilitate the re-
pairs of the ships of war on the Irish station. The vessels
to remain at present are, the Stag, S nake, Tr inculo, Onyx,
Jupiter,and the Messenger steamer, which will be joined by
the Nimrod, when she returns from Dublin, whither she
has been sent with despatches.
CHEPSTOW.—Considerable excitement was
caused here on Sunday evening, by the Sheriff's officers
and assistants having blockaded the house of Mrs. ARUN-
DEL, in Bridge-street, for the caption of the Rev. RICH-
ARD KELLY. It appears that Mr. KELLY had been the
priest of a parish near London, about four years ago, and
had some money transactions with an aged lady named
BARNES, of his congregation, in which he is alleged to
'iave lodged 5,0001. in his own, instead of the lady's
Proceedings were commenced to recover the
amount, and KELLY filed a bill in Chancery against Mrs.
BARNES and the bankers. Some time since Mrs. BARNES
obtained 2,000/., and it was submitted that the matter
should be left to arbitration. Mr. CAMPBELL, the bar-
rister (as arbitrator), decided that KELLY was indebted to
Mrs. BARNES in 2,9881., and upon non-payment an at-
tachment directed to this Sheriff of the county issued,
and this led to the surrounding of Mrs. ARUNDEL'S house,
as stated above. As the officers could not make the cap-
tion on the Sabbath, they determined to watch and follow
the defendant till midnight, and he, being informed of
this, proceeded to the Beaufort Arms Inn, about 11 o'clock,
followed by the officers, and soon after 12 one of the Un-
der-sheriff's clerks arrested him, and immediately pro-
ceeded to the county gaol, where he was safely lodged
soon after 3 o'clock on Monday morning. —Monmouth

GREAT NATURAL CURIOSITY.—On board
the brig Charles, Captain DEvEasux, of Boston, which
arrived at New York last Sunday, from Buenos Ayres,
was brought a great natural curiosity, being an amphibi-
ous male animal, of the size of a young heifer, and in ap-
pearance partaking of three species of animals, the elephant,
the hog, and the jackass. He was taken on one of the
large rivers, about 1,000 miles north-west of the city of
Buenos Ayres, by some of the inhabitants of the country.
Having been seen to leave the river, and go upon land
some distance, twenty men on horseback divided themselves
into four parties, to intercept him on his return. One
party fell in with and succeeded in capturing him with the
" lasso" (a noose of hide), with which those countrymen
are very expert. The animal is remarkably swift and
powerful, but quite docile. A letter from a gentleman
many years a resident in Buenos Ayres and Brazil, repre-
sents this animal as very curious and rare, and an inhabi-
tant of the interior of South America. The owner, who
intends the animal for exhibition, is a man of large landed
property, but at present unacquainted with the English
language. The merchants to whom he is consigned intend
to have him brought in the brig to this city, where he
' will first be exhibited. 'The denomination given by natu-
ralists to this animal is the " Tapit."—Boston Patriot.
The great Birmingham meeting of the 7th
May last was postponed to the last moment, not that any
one of us regarded the feelings or the opinions of the
Ministers, but solely because we expected daily to receive
accounts of the creation of Peers, which would have
rendered our meeting of the 7th of May unnecessary. It
has always been my policy, and that of the excellent friends
with whom I am associated, never to expose our brave
and patriotic countrymen to the trouble and loss of attend-
ing these great meetings unless the urgent necessity of our
country required it. This was the reason, and the sole
reason, why our meeting of the 7th May was delayed so
long ; but the very moment we found it probable that the
Peers would not be created, we produced instantly two
hundred thousand men at the foot of New Hall Hill,
and within the next ten days—viz. on the 10th and the
16th of May—we produced two other meetings of nearly
equal ❑umbers on the same spot. With what effect these
meetings were attended I leave the country to decide. I
did not, however, content myself with those exhibitions
of public feeling and determination ; but being convinced
that the liberty of the country was in danger, and that ex-
treme measures were necessary to prevent anarchy, I
thought it my duty to participate in operations in Lon-
don, which would have produced a meeting of eight
hundred thousand Persons upon Hampstead Heath within
another week, had it not been that the retirement of the
Duke of WELLINGTON rendered such an extreme measure
unnecessary. The meeting upon Hampstead Heath was
abondoned because the Duke retired. The meeting upon
New Hall Hill on the 7th of May would also have been
abandoned if the Peers had been created. I have never
shown such a love of public meetings as to hold them
without necessity, nor such a fear of their consequences as
to shrink from holding them whenever the ❑ecessity arose.
With regard to Mr. COBBETT'S assertion that the Decla-
ration against the Duke of WELLINGTON was drawn up
at the instance of Ministers, I have only to say, that the
subject of it was known to no one out of the Birmingham
Council, until it appeared in print. It was our intention
to get that declaration signed by three millions of men,
and we should have done so, if the Duke hail taken
office; not that we desired to serve Lord GREY and his
administration, but that we desired to break down the
spirit of despotism in England, and throughout Europe.—
Extract of a letter from Mr. ATTWOOD in the Morn. Citron.
CORONER'S INQUEST.—Yesterday an inqui-
sition was taken before Mr. STIRLING, at the Chalk-farm
Tavern, on the body of Mr. CHARLES PEARSON HORM E,
aged 49, an artist, of No. 33, Hernies-street, Re-
gent's Park, who destroyed himself by swallowing a
quantify of laudanum. JAMES DopswEcr., a waiter at
Chalk-farm, stated that the deceased, who was quite a
stranger to him, came to the house about half-past four
o'clock on Friday afternoon. Tie sat down in one of the
boxes, and called for a glass of warm gin and water. Wit-
ness served him, and he paid for it. In about ten minutes
he called for a second glass, and shortly after for a third,
all of which he paid for. The deceased then went into
another box, where he was more out of sight, and lie heard
no more of him till he heard that he had taken laudanum.
Another waiter stated, that he found the deceased in a
state of insensibility in the box. A surgeon was immedi-
ately sent for, who used the stomach-pump, and adminis-
tered medicine, but without effect. Mr. W. BYE, of 22,
May-street, Camden-town, stated that he had known the
deceased about six years; he was a very strict punctual
man in all his dealings. He called upon witness about
two days ago to pay a bill, but he did not notice anything
particular about him at the time. He had a brother, who
was a Lieutenant in the army, who committed suicide a
few years ago. The verdict of the Jury was, that the
deceased had destroyed himself in a fit of temporary in-
sanity.

SECON 'll EDITION.

SUN OFFICE, Seven o'clock,

THE LONDON GAZETTE

THIS EVENING.

FOREIGN-OFFICE, SEPT. IS.
The King has been graciously pleased to appoint the Hon.
William Temple, late Secretary of his Majesty's Embassy at the
Court of St. Petersburgh, to be his Majesty's Minister Plenipo-
tentiary to the King of Saxony.

COmmissions by the Lord Lieutent of the County of Worcester.
Worcestershire Militia.
Ensign Jones, jun. to be Lieutenant, vice B. Albrecht re-
signed.

C. Hughes, Gent. to be Ensign, Vice B. Jones, jun. promoted.
E. C. Jones, Gent. to be ditto, vice B. Jones, sen. resigned ;
September 11.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of North-
umberland.
Northumberland and Newcastle Yeomanry Cavalry.—Lieut.
It. Hedley to be Captain, vice Algood, resigned • Cornet S.
Parker to be Lieutenant, vice Halley, promoted; W. Cuthbert,
Gent, to be Cornet, vice Parkes, promoted, May 31.

DECLARATIONS GEORGE MACFARRFN, OF
flowland-street,INSOLVENCY. St. Pancras,
bookseller.

BENJAMIN FLIGHT and JOSEPH ROBSON, St. Mar-
tin's-lane, organ-budders.
JOSEPH WIDDOWSON, Fleet-street, jeweller.
WILLIAM JONES and WILLIAM BAUCUTT, Soho.
square, silk.merchants.

BA
JOHN CLARKE, MargaNrKRUPTS.et-street, Spa-fields, ginger beer-
dealer, to surrender Oct. 5, at two, and 30, at twelve, at the
Court of Bankruptcy. Wilson, Red Lion-square; Green, King's
Arms-yard, Coleman-street, official assignee.
JOHN BLACKETT STANLEY, King-street, Tower-hill,
ship-chandler, Sept. 26, at eleven, and Oct. 30, at twelve, at the
Court of Bankruptcy. King, Horselydown-lane, Southwark ;
Cannon, Lothbury, official assignee.
WILLIAM DUNSTAN, Penryss, Cornwall, flour-factor,
Sept. 26 and Oct. 30, at twelve, at the Fountain Inn, Ports-
mouth.
JAMES STONEHILL, Wit ney, Oxfordshire, slater, Sept.
26, and Oct. 30, at eleven, at the Crown Inn, Witney. Close,
Furnivars-Inn, Holborn.
GEORGE WOODS, Portsea, Southampton, sadler, Sept. 26,
and October 30, at two, at Totternell's Commercial Hotel, St.
George's-square, Portsea. Solicitors, Mr. Joseph Ivimey, Har-
pur-street, Red Lion-square; Mr. Archibald Low, St. George's-
square, Portsea.
WILLIAM ROWLEY, Great Queen's-street, Lincoln's Inn_
fields, saddlers'-ironmonger, Oct. 5, at one, and Oct. 30, at eleven,
at the Court of Bankruptcy. Edmund, \ ‘alker, and Rickards,
Lincoln's Inn-fields; Kitchener, Lothbury, official assignee.
EDWARD LEIGH, Ashton.under-Lyne, Lancashire, cot-
ton-spinner, Oct. 4,5, and 30, at two, at the York Hotel, 'Man-
chester. Willis, Watson, Bower, and Willis, Tokenhouse-yard,
Lothbury, London; Joynson, Manchester.
ALEXANDER BACK, Huddersfield, Yorkshire, corn.
dealer, Oct. 1 and 30, at ten, at the offices of Messrs. Whitehead
and Robinson, Huddersfield. Clarke, Richards and Medcalf,
Lincoln's Inn.fields, London; Whitehead and Robinson, Hud-
dersfield.
JOHN HASLAM, New Basford, Nottinghamshire, lace-ma-
nufacturer, Sept. 26 and Oct. 30, at eleven, at the George the
Fourth, Nottingham. Johnson and 'Wesherall, Temple,
London ; Fearnhead and Campbell, Nottingham.
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
E. B. Lovell and J. Stubbs, Birmingham, bankers.
W. Brown and T. Howard, Whiston, Lancashire, brewers.
W. Prosser and W. H. P. Prosser, Mitre-court, Milk-street,
wine-merchants.

It. Sowdon and L. Cross, Old Kent road, haberdashers.
F. Flower and S. Rogers, Strand, wine-merchants.
The Werneth Colliery Company, Oldham and Manchester, so
far as regards J. Schofield, of Hollingwood.
D. Dale, R. Dale, and W. Dale, Liverpool, tea-dealers.
J. Spencer and W. Allen, Hatton garden, linen-drapers.
F. W. James, sen. and jun., and R. Felton, jun., Worcester,
hop-merchants.
S. S. Tremain, E. Seccombe, and J. Vian, Plymouth, linen_
drapers.
J. Wills and T. F. Evans, jun., Spital-square, Bishopsgate-
street, coke.contractors.
P. Wright and J. Oates, Sheffield, file-manufacturers.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

D ONCASTER MEETING.

DONCASTER, SUNDAY motile
Several arrivals have taken place in the course of the
last four-and-twenty hours, and, without being so full as
we could have wished or expected, the town is rapidly as-
suming the bustle and animation consequent upon a great
Racing Meeting. No exertions have been spared to pro-
mote the comfort and convenience of the visitors, and no
means neglected of affording accommodation and pro-
tection on the race-course, which, by Mr. Lockwood's
efforts, is brought into beautiful order for running. Inde-
pendent of the racing there will be plenty to occupy as
well the votaries of pleasure as the man of business. The
Theatre will be open every evening with the Hunchback,
kc. The race balls will be on Monday, Wednesday, and
Thursday; and on Thursday the visitors will be gratified
with a " magnificent balloon" ascent. The sales of racing
stock will be unusually numerous. The entire stud of the
Hon. E. Petre will be sold on Thursday, and on that and
the previous day the annual Underley stud sale will take
place ; altogether nearly a hundred lots of blood-stock
are advertised. The new Betting Rooms are opened
with still greater splendour than usual, and have al-
ready received a long list of subscriptions ; they form
the centre-point to sporting gentlemen from all parts of
the country, and are admirably adapted, by their immense
size and extent of accommodation, to all the purposes re•
quired. The attendance this afternoon was highly re-
spectable, and some interesting betting took place; pre-
viously to quoting it, however, we may be allowed to
make a few remarks on the all-absorbing race of the week.
It is allowed by those conversant with racing matters that
the ensuing St. Leger has seldom, if ever, been surpassed
in the character of the horses engaged. That it has been
a remarkably good b-tting race may be collected from the
quotations during the last three or four months ; no less
than thirteen horses have been backed at odds varying
from 9 to 2 to 13 to 1, and several others at no less than
20 to 1. Altogether the odds have been taken ; about 40
horses out of the '73 entered, so that those who have been
betting round without suffering " fancies" to interfere
must have made capital books. Nor can we call to mind
any St. Leger wherein horses have met upon such equal
terms, for nearly all have proved themselves good public
runners, the north country ones especially. Retainer's
running is excellent, save and except his race with Nito-
cris and Lady Barbara; Margrave's pretensions rest upon
his two-year-old performances, which were very promis-
ing, and were supported by Archibald's running in the
spring; he ran fourth for the Derby, and it is said made
no effort for the race, as St. Giles (who was in the same
stable) had it all his own way. Nitocris was defea.ed in
the Spring, and beat Retainer in the August Meeting : she
is much fancied in the north, and is own sister to a St. Le-
ger winner (Memnon.) Julius has never yet been beaten,
and stands high in favour, but he does not appear to be in
the very best favour possible. Ludlow is a remarkably fine
colt, and goes like an Eclipse. Birdcatcher, Byzantium,
Rustic, and Physican, look in excellent trim ; and Fang,
of whose merits her friends speak somewhat loudly,
continues to be looked upon as one of the best public
horses in the race. The last new favourite, brother to
Marie, has been backed freely for some days past, but for
what reason we know not ; his performance in the York
Spring Meeting was very indifferent. The sums given,
and reported to have been given, for some of the favourites
are quite unprecedented, and will serve to show the esti-
mation in which they are held, at the same time that the
prices quoted are outrageously extravagant. At two years
old Fang was purchased for 3,300 guineas, with condi-
tions which made the price equal to 4,000: at the same
age Conrad was bought for 2,000 guineas, and Francesca
for 1,200 guineas, half the Champagne Stakes, and other
provisos fivourable to the seller. Margrave cost 2,500
guineas, Trustee 2,000, and Gratis 1,000 guineas! The
ott flits are that Lord Exeter refused 5,000 guineas for
Beirain, before it was decided not to send him to the north ;
that 4,000 were off red for Nitocris, 1,000 for Ludlow,
and 6,000 for Retainer ! !—and yet people talk of the bad-
ness of the throes. The field on Tuesday will, numerically,
be much smaller than usual ; this is in consequence of the
Stakes being for the first time assimilated to the Derby,
and the effect of which is to keep out horses who would
otherwise be started solely for the purpose of creating
an artificial field (and thereby winning bets on the
number), or perhaps from still less honourable motives.

DONCASTER, MONDAY' MORNING.
At the Rooms last night, Mr. Beardsworth formally
declared that he had not sold Ludlow, and that he meant
to run him to win, but that, in the meantime, he was
open to a purchaser, his price being 5,0001. (the sum re-
ported to have been given by the Fang party.) Confi-
dence, however, is far from being restored, and betting is
remarkably dull in consequence. We give the odds up to
the post time.
7 to 1 agst Lord Kelburne's Retainer
7 to 1 agst Mr. Richardson's Fang
7 to 1 agst Mr. Ridsdale's Brother to Maria
9 to 2 west Mr. Watts's Nitocris
10 to 1 agst Mr. Gully's Margrave
12 to 1 agst Sir R. Bulkeley's Birdcatcher
12 to I agst Lord Cleveland's Trustee
14 to 1 agst Mr. Skipsey's Physician
16 to 1 agst lord Exeter's Byzantium
17 to 1 agst Mr. Beardsworth's Ludlow
18 to I agst Mr. S. L Fox's Julius

Extract of a letter from Gibraltar, dated 27th
August__" In August, 1827, a flagrant branch of inter-
national law was committed under the guns of this garri-
son, in the capture of the Lord Rawdon, a vessel belong-
ing to this port, and sailing under a British pass and sag.
After a lapse of five years, the commander of the flotilla
which took the Lord Rawdon was arrested in this town
on the 24th inst. on a charge of piracy, and committed to
the felons' prison. The master of the Lord Rawdon, and
another person belonging to her, have been incarcerated in
Cadiz ever since her capture, and are under sentence of
transportation to Ceuta."

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

In a letter from (we take for granted) a
military correspondent, under the signature of
" Veteranus," sonic strictures are levelled
against abuses in the administration of the army
—a subject always, and very deservedly, of im-
portance in the eyes of Englishmen. Hopes
are expressed by our correspondent, that among
the projected plans of Reform, those called for in
the military service of the country will not be for-
gotten ;—of course, we reply, they will not. It
is said by this writer, that of late years the list
of King's aides-de-camp has undergone an en-
ormous increase since the time of George
the present number amounting to between 50
and 60 I If the rate of augmentation be, as re-
presented by this gentleman, it is no doubt
something altogether monstrous, and may well
provoke a strict inquiry, and a severe repression:
but we confess that, without further evidence, the
fact appears to us incredible ; and our persua-
sion is, that our correspondent must have re-
ceived erroneous intelligence, whatever quarter
he may have consulted. During the reign of
George IV., a period of military glitter and os-
tentation, the number of King's aides-de-camp
may have experienced some increase from 12,
at which, says " Veteranus," they stood under
the preceding Monarch. But sure we are, they
never reached one-half of either 50 or 60. Since
the above sentences were written, an army list for
last May has been placed before us ; and sure
enough the gross number of King's aides-de-camp
is nothing short of 51. Part of this catalogue, in-
deed, explains itself, and other parts may possibly
admit of explanation ; but there will remain, we
fear, no small portion of it to which no other
description is applicable than that of abuse of
patronage. There are, it is to be remembered,
eleven of the King's aides-de-camp who have
nothing to do with the army, and of whom,
therefore, the army at least (we say nothing of
the country) has no title to complain. These
are colonels of militia regiments and of yeo-
manry corps, whose accession to the honour of
King's aides-de-camp may have been designed
by his Majesty as a cheap compliment to those
amphibious—that is to say, half civil, half mili-
tary—bodies. Again, we find upon the list of
aides-de-camp the names of several officers who
were formerly upon the household staff of
George IV. It does not appear whether the
rank of aide-de-camp to William IV. is more
than nominal in such cases, as the entree at
Court is sometimes given to persons in official
attendance there, and not withdrawn when they
retire from office. The mischief, it is true—if
the thing be mischievous—has been already
done ; all such gentlemen, who were lifted into
aides-de-camp of George IV., having at the time
obtained their rank of colonel in the army,
which, generally speaking, is not extinguishable,
but for improper conduct—thus opening a sort
of back stairs for favourites to the higher walks
of the profession. Still, if these protkes of
George IV. merely continue to hold the
name of aide-de-camp without pay or privilege an-
nexed to it, King William's effective roll will pro-
bably be diminished by a dozen further names.
Nevertheless, sufficient lurks behind to call for
grave censures on the practice of establishing
this Royal and partial road to fortune in behalf
of a few minions of the Court. We have looked
over the array of them, and, with the exception
of Dickson Jones, of the Engineers, and two or
three others, we can find no names that would
recommend their bearers to such an exclusive
and decisive preference over the great body of
the profession as is indicated by this title of
aide-de-camp to the King. The observation,
moreover, applies to a list of more than thirty
officers. But why should rank be conferred at
all by virtue of such an office ? These irregular
short cuts to station are always invidious, and
discouraging to men without interest,—that is,
to nine-tenths of the British army. Rank, by
purchase, has its advantages, even for those who
cannot purchase, and is accessible to every man
with money, good character, and a certain,
though very ordinary, education. Rank, through
selection for distinguished services performed, is
undoubtedly the best bestowed of all, but the
service ought to be specified in the same Gazette
which publishes the promotion—invariably so in
instances where an officer is hoisted over the heads
of a multitude of others long senior to himself—
and still more especially, where the step conferred
is so eminent and important as that of a full
Colonel in the army. The " duties" of aide-

de-camp to the King are a farce ; they are at
least so trivial, as not to admit of being in any
manner associated with, or introductory to, a
warrior's promotion. If Court influence distri-
..

butes favo.urs, let them be favours suitable to the

Court, embroidery, feathers, diamonds, gilt
sticks, pretty sounding names, betokening cer-
tain kinds of Court attendance, and so forth ;
but to annex or tab to an individual at his en-
_

;ranee on a fashion-able ball-room routine a title

which naturally belongs to, and ought to follow,
the performance of gallant exploits before an
enemy, is of all things the most preposterous
and inconsistent. If an officer be deemed worthy
of a valuable step over the heads of his fellow-
soldiers, we repeat that the promotion, and the
species of merit- wherein it originates, ought to
be gazetted as a military, not a Courtly transac-
tion, nor made a resting-pl Ace for an idle and
inefficient fine gentleman, or a sop for some
restive member of the aristocracy. Among the
present King's aides-de-camp, there are eight or
nine Lords and " Honourables," all made
Colonels, to the necessary postponement of the
claims of their superior officers. It would be in
vidious to mention names ; and as we war with sys-
tems only, let our readers find the application. It
appears to us that the rank of Colonel ought no
longer to be obtained as an appendage to the ap-
pointment of King's aide-de-camp. The exist•
mg usage affords such a temptation to abuse,
that the abuse is unavoidable, and we doubt not
will, ere long, be abolished. Another topic re-
ferred to by our correspondent, is that of the
Foot Guards, against which he objects that the
intermediate stages between ensign and colonel
are too few, each promotion, in fact, giving two
steps at the same time, Sand thus prematurely
filling the list of general officers with Guardsmen.
The Foot Guards we admit to be an efficient

corps, but their chief merit is not found among
the commissioned officers, nor is it produced by
their exertions. The non-commissioned officers
of the Guards are they who form the soldiers,
and who maintain their discipline. The Guards,
it is true, are not exposed to the vicissitudes of
colonial service, and they enjoy other exemp-
tions and advantages unknown to the regiments
of the line. Yet, strange to say, whether the
duty of these troops be more severe and
frequent, or whether it be that the princi-
pal scenes of it lie in the two dissipated
capitals of the United Kingdom, the fact is
undoubted, that the mortality of the Guards ex-
ceeds considerably that of any other regiment.
However, to meet more directly the objections
usually brought against the organization and

continuance of these regiments, we may remark
hat our ()Yin objection to their actual state does
► not affect so much the more rapid advance of
f the officer, the superior pay of the soldier, or the
exemption of both from colonial and other irk-
' some service, as the original composition
~f the whole of the Household troops.
A select corps they are, and a select
corps they ought to be. Their service
ought to be confined to its present theatres,
and their pay ought to be superior to that of
other regiments, because a metropolis is a
dearer quarter than most others. But we would
have the Guards selected on different principles
from those which now regulate their composi-
tion. The officer ought not to be chosen for
high connection, or strong interest, nor the
men for size. Both ought to be selected for
military merit, and that alone. The best officers
throughout the whole line, and the most meri-
torious and exemplary of the troops, ought to be
the favoured candidates for admission into the
three regiments of Guards. This household
corps ought to be held up as the point to which
individual ambition throughout the whole army
should aspire. A reception into it ought to he
set forth for the profession as an eminent and
ennobling military honour, and thus not merely
choice and perfect body of troops would be
easily formed for home service, but a feeling of
emulation would pervade the entire army, and
each individual officer and soldier of the march-
ing regiments would say to himself, " Perhaps
next year I may have the luck to be promoted
into the Guards." The French Guard under
Napoleon, the flower unquestionably of his long
victorious armies, was, if not exclusively,
in great part formed on this principle of
draughting from the other regiments; and the
selection was always made in favour of the most
distinguished officers and soldiers throughout
the service. The change deserves to be well
considered ; it would, in our judgment, super-.
,ede the necessity for a reduction of the Foot
Guards to the level of the line, and would be
more than an equivalent for such a supposed re-
formation.—Times.

In our paper of yesterday we brought down
the commercial operations which influence the
foreign exchanges and practice of banking to the
close of the year 1815, by showing that from the
commencement of the war, in 1793, down to
that time, the exports from Great Britain to
Europe, the Americas, and Africa, had ex-
ceeded the imports from thence to an amount
approximating, in the aggregate of the 23 years,
to 400,000,000/., which amount had been equal-
ized in mercantile account, by a corresponding
amount of bills draws in difl•erent parts of the
world, on account of the British Government,
for subsidies, espionage, and supply of the fleets
and armies every where distributed. The effect
which these combined operations had upon the
rate of exchange we will now explain. The rate
of exchange between any two places which con-
stitutes the par is that amount of the current
money of account or of exchange which is equal
to a given weight of gold or silver, whichever
constitutes the standard of value in the several
countries. In Hamburg and in Paris silver (as it
is in almost every commercial country of the world,
xcept England) is the standard of value ; in the
former city, 13. 156. marks of account, and in
Paris 25 francs 22 centimes, will, at all times,
command as much silver as will be equal to 1/.
in London ; 13.156 in Hamburg and 25.22 in
Paris, are, therefore, the pars respectively be-
tween those two places and London. Yet Mr.
Rothschild, before the Bank Committee, in
answer to question 4,786, said there was no
par—implying that he was either wilfully indis-
posed to answer the question honestly, or that he
• is ignorant of what is really meant by the term
par. However, as the transmission of bullion,
whether in gold or in silver, involves both a risk
and expense, which bills do not, the commercial
oar is as much either under or over the above
rates, which may be designated the intrinsic
pars, as will be equal to the expense of risk and
conveyance from one place to another. This, it
will be perceived, is liable to vary from contin-
gent circumstances, although in times of unin-
terrupted intercourse it may be reduced to the
nearest point of exactitude. Bills of exchange
ire generally drawn at two or three months' date,
►nd the interest of the money may generally be
considered equal to the expense of transmission
~f the metals; and it is probable that the prevail-
ing usances, or time at which bills are usually
drawn, were originally fixed in reference to that
expense. Be that as it may, the intrinsic pars
of 13.156 in Hamburg and 25.22 in Paris will
suffice for our purpose of illustration. It will
ire remembered by all commercial men con-
versant with the period from 1793 downwards,
that in 1809, when all the gold which had been
nit into circulation from 1663 down to the then
ime, had totally disappeared, and the stock in
he Bank of England had been reduced from
7,855,470/. in 1808, to 3,652,4801. in 1809,
that a ridiculous alarm prevailed in regard to
n•hat was then, as now, termed an unfavourable
rate of exchange ; the rate in Hamburg having
altered from 13.156 to 10.687, and in Paris
•rom 25.22 to 19.30. These rates of exchange
making the guinea of 215., then the standard coin
of the realm, worth as metal from 245. to 255.,
• he coin, as a matter of course, was all converted

into bullion, and an article of merchandise.
The excitement at length became so great, that
in February, 1810, a Committee of Parliament
was appointed to inquire " into the cause of the
high price of gold bullion, and to take into con•.
sideration the state of the circulating medium,
and of the exchanges between Great Britain and
fbreign parts." Of this Committee Mr. F. Horner
was chairman, who appears to have had in his day
I reputation for financial ability, to which he seems
to have been just about as much entitled as Sir H.
Parnell or the present Chancellor of the Exche-
quer are in theirs. The Committee sat, at intervals,
rrom the 22d of February to the 25th of May,
1810, during which time they examined 30 per-
suns—then printed the questions and answers,
with a report ; neither one nor the other of which
contains a single word explanatory of the cause
which it was the purport of the Committee to
find out, although it might have been stated in 4
single line, it having been neither more nor less,
wholly and exclusively, than the forced issue of
the 400,000,000/. in amount of bills above
stated. The utility, the foresight of that nota-
ble Committee, and the wisdom of those who
gave evidence before it, will be best tested by
the fact that the rate of exchange in Hamburg,
which in 1809 had altered from 13.146 to
10.687, in 1811 further altered to 8.81, mid in
Paris from 19.30 to 17.30, and gold in London
from 90s. to 111 s. per oz., when the excitement
abated. Such was the effect of forcing 20 to 25
millions of amount of Government bills annu-
ally into circulation in foreign parts. Let us
see, then, whether these great alterations in the
rates of exchange and price of gold were unfit-
vourable or otherwise : the effect was, to enable
the producer or dealer in British products, when

M•CI.

he had sold goods in Germany to the amount of
13,156 marks, to ribt.tin a hill on London for
1,4931., instead of for 1,000/. ; or, by the con-
verse rule, it en'able'd hiM to obtain a bill for
1,0001. for 8,810 marks, instead of giving
13,167 marks. Can this be said to be unfa-
vourable? and, if so, to whom was it unfavour-
able ? Certainly not to the active and produc-
tive interest of England. Had England pos-
sessed gold wherewith to have met the amount
of the bills, and had been foolish enough to have
paid it away at the rate of 775. 102 d. per oz.,
instead of 111 s , then, indeed, it would have
been unfavourable in proportion as the rates of
exchange were below 13.156 in Hamburg, or
22.25 in Paris. But gold having been released
from its shackles, and left, as it ought always to
be, to find its own level in price according to the
desire or determination to possess it, the altera-
tions in the rates of exchange were decidedly
favourable to the best interests of England
in proportion to their extremes. In fact,
the terms against us, favourable, and unfavour-
able, when applied nationally to rates of ex-
change, are solecisms—palpable absurdities;
they are applicable to individuals, but to a na-
tion or a country not ; but, in proportion as a
rate of exchange may be either favourable or un-
favourable to an individual paying it, it must
necessarily be the converse to the individual re-
ceiving. The use of such terms, therefore, in
reference to the aggregate interests of a nation,
bespeak an entire ignorance of thegreat principles
best calculated to maintain a due equilibrium in
society ; and, when applied to individuals, the
terms in themselves are unintelligible. A rate of
exchange may be unfavourable for drawing or
receiving, but then it will be favourable, in an
equal degree, for remitting or paying, and vice
versa ; but to say simply that an exchange is
either favourable or unfavourable in itself has no
meaning. Mr. Horsley Palmer, the Governor
of the Bank, in his evidence before the Com-
mittee, in answer to Question 120, with great
meekness and simplicity, has said that he
" imagines the Bank of England to be the only
body which has knowledge of the actual state of
the foreign exchanges ;" yet in 20 different in-
stances where he implies the rates being favour-
able, they have been prejudicial to the shippers
of 30,000,0001. value of British produce ; but
the fallacy will be more apparent as we proceed
to show the effect of their operation, from 1815
down to the present time.—Morning Herald.

We know not exactly what our contemporary
of the Standard would be at when he answers
our question, " When were life and property
ever safe in Ireland ?" by a reference to the first
half of the eighteenth century, when the penal
laws were in force :
" The Morning Chronicle next, making some extracts
from the speeches of the Rev. Messrs. Boyton and O'Sul-
livan, asks, ' When were property and life ever safe in
Ireland ?' And Mr. Thomas Moore, now, we suppose,
a naturalised Englishman, in a late speech at Rath, de-
clared that he could see no dawn of hope for his afflicted
country.' Now, laying these several propositions side by
side—first, the acknowledged influence of the Popish
priesthood driving to the extreme limits of lawful resist-
ance a barbarous peasantry prone to transgress those limits,
and leading into temptation persons likely to commit vio-
lence ; secondly, the acknowledgment that life and pro-
perty have never been safe in Ireland ; and, thirdly, the
complaint that there is no hope of any improvement in
the state of that country—setting these propositions, we
say, side by side—remembering, too, that the system of
resistance to the law h--s immediately followed a large con-
cession by the law—remembering, also, that there is an
exception to the assertion of the Morning Chronicle, that
life and property were never safe in Ireland,' namely, the
first half of the 18th century, when testibus Berkeley
and Goldsmith, Ireland was fully as peaceable, and nearly
as happy as any part of Enrope (this first half of the 18th
century being the period during which the sacerdotal
power was suspended by the penal laws)—bearing finally
in mind that the present law-transgressing, insecure, and
hopeless day is the very saturnalia of priestly power ;
putting all the-se things together, we suppose that it is
not rash to infer that the Popish Priests are the authors of
all the afflictions of the sister kingdom, that these incendiary
eonvirators, through whose agency Mr. Charles Grant, a
Statesman, and a mock religionist—save the mafk—
proposed to govern Ireland, and whom honest Plunkett
(who, for the sake of the Established Church, would fling
all other considerations to the winds') called the most
excellent and exemplary body existing,' are the bitterest
enemies of the British connection—the arch-disturhers of
the reign of law and order."
Assuming, for a moment, with our contem,
porary, that the power of the priests is not. a
salutary power, and that there was peace during
the period of the penal laws, when no man could
hold land, no man could hold land on lease,
when the son was arrayed against the father and
the father against the son, when the parents were
not allowed to educate their children—does our
contemporary mean to infer from this, that we
should trace back our steps, re-enact the penal
laws, again take from the Catholics their
lands and their leases, again prohibit them from
educating their offspring, in order to obtain peace
in Ireland ? Our contemporary has thrown away a
good deal of declamation against the Catholic
religion and the Catholic Clergy. " The system
of the Church of Rome (he says) is a system
contrived for the acquisition of wealth and power,
and exquisitely elaborated (luring twelve centuries
of contest and experiment. It is the greatest
folly in the world in any man, German or Eng-
lishman, to reason from the common analogies of
our nature to the conduct of an animal so per-
fectly artificial as a Popish Priest. He is not a
man, but an integer of a system. Cut off from
the charities of kindred and the relations of
country, by the obligation of celibacy and the
chain of subordination to a foreign power, the
common ties by which men are bound have no
hold upon him. Greedy, ambitious, savage, and
incendiary, Rome, will allow him to be, because
these are but the reflections of her own temper,
and indulgence in these vices the cheapest wages
with which her priests can be rewarded." The
people of England require no ghost to persuade
°kern that priestcraft is a great evil ; and as a
great majority of them dislike the Church of
England on account of its bearing too close a
resemblance to the Church of Rome, it
is not likely that they will become enamoured
of the original. But the question is not one
for their decision. The Irish, the great body of
the people of Ireland, are Catholics. They are
of the religion of four-fifths of' the people of
Europe. They are not on'y strongly attached
to the Catholic religion, but they detest the Pro-
testant religion, as being that of their oppres-
sors. It is quite clear that they will not whin-.
tarily abandon their religion, and we presume
there are no men in the present day so wild as to
wish to compel them to become Protestants.
Catholicism may be a bad religion, but that igno
reason for forcing on the Irish the establishment
of a religion they detest. But when our Con-
temporary refers us to the first half of the eigh-
teenth century, when the Penal Laws made Ire-
land happy, and peaceable, and prosperous, we
must take leave to tell him that he is not borne
out by facts. Bishop Berkeley, to whom he
refers us, asks, " Whether there be upon earth
any Christian or civilized people so beggarly,
wretched, and destitute as the common Irish.?
Whether in all public institutions, there should
not be an end proposed, which is to be the rule
and limit of the means ? Whether this end

should not he the well-being of the whole ?
And whether in order to this, the first step
should not be to clothe and feed our people ?
Whether aforeigner could imagine that one halfof
the people were starving in a country that sent
out such plenty of provisions? Whether it is
possible the country should be well improved,
while our beef is exported, and our labourers
live on potatoes ?" So much for the evidence
of Berkeley as to Ireland being " fully as peace-
able, and nearly as happy as any part of
Europe" during the first half of the eighteenth
century. After the Irish were finally subjugated,
and the Rapparees fairly hunted down, the
spirit of the natives might be broken for a time,
for terror must have had its effect. Sir John
Dalrymple observes of the victors, that " they
condemned many to die without trial, and called
this the law of war ; but these were the most
fortunate ; seeing to others, to whom a trial was
offered, the false semblance of justice was more
cruel than the death it inflicted ; for prisoners were
massacred in cold blood who had surrendered
upon terms." But let us hear Primate Boul-
ter's account of the peaceable and happy state
of Ireland between 1724 and 1738, as given
in his letters during that period. In 1731,
the Papists had begun to find a loophole in
the Disarming Act of the 7th of King William;
and Boulter, alarmed, writes—" The Papists,
by the most modest computation, are about 5 to
1 Protestant ; but others think they cannot be
less than 7to 1. And what use they have

formerly made of their arms in this kingdom,
our histories give too melancholy an account of.
And I can assure your Grace, that the Papists
in the country, before the defects of this Act
were discovered, were so formidable, that scarce
any Magistrate durst put any of' the Laws
against Regulars, Bcc. in execution, for fear of
being murthered, or having his houses fired in
the night. And if our present Bill miscarries,
they will grow much more formidable and inso-
lent ; nor have the Papists scrupled often giving
threats against every Magistrate that was more
active on anv occasion than his neighbours."
Another example :—Writing in 1737 to Sir R.
Walpole, he says, " As a great part of the gentry
entered into associations not to pay for agistment
to the clergy, and to make a stock-purse in
each county to support any one that should be
sued for agistment, and were understood by the
common people every where to be ready to dis-
tress the clergy all manner of ways in their other
rights, if they offered to sue for adjustment, it was
thought advisable to hinder, as much as we Bi-
shops could, any of the clergy from carrying on
or commencing any suits on that head for a time.
* * * # How far, and to what other pur-
poses such associations may in time extend, I
do not pretend to judge ; but I find in some
counties they already begin to form associations
against what they own due to the clergy; and
they are encouraged by the success of this first
attempt to go on to further steps. The humour
of clans and confederacies is neither so well un-

lerstood nor felt in England, as it is here. But

by discourses dropped among people and by some
papers handed about, there are other undoubted
rights of the clergy that are designed to be voted
•sway, one after another, or taken away by new
laws, if they are permitted to go on ; and I find
we Bishops are threatened to have our fines, if
not part of our estates, taken from us.
Some gentlemen have let their lands so high,
that, without robbing the clergy of their just
dues, they are satisfied their rents can hardly be
paid ; and others fall in with them that they may
be able to raise their lands as high ; and the con-
troversy here is, not whether the farmer shall be
eased of an unreasonable burden, but whether the
parson shall have his due, or the landlord a
greater rent. Some hope they might come in

for plunder if the Bishops were stripped ; and
most of the needy gentry here envy to see the
Bishops, by a proper frugality, though not with-
out a decent hospitality, easy in their circum-
stances." Tithes, tithes, are the constant subject
of these letters. The Gentry threw the odium
of the wretchedness of the Tenantry on the
Clergy, and the Clergy on the Landlords. In
a long letter to the Bishop of London, in 1728,
he says, no Clergyman would think of an ex-
pensive process against a tenant, as the greatest
part of them were so poor that they would run
away. And he dwells on the grievous exact--
ments of the landlords, who left nothing for the
Parsons. " I need not mention to your Lord-
ship what I have been forced to talk to several
here, that if a landlord takes too great a portion
of the profits of a farm for his share, by way of
rent (as the tithe will light on the tenant's
share), the tenant will be impoverished ; but,
then, it is not the tithe, but the increased
rent, that undoes the farmer. And, in-
deed, in this country, where I fear the
tenant hardly ever has more than one-third
of the profits he makes of his farm for his share,
and too often but a fourth, or perhaps a fifth
part, as the tenant's share is charged with the
tithe, his case is no doubt hard, but it is plain
from what side the hardship arises." So much
for the happy condition of the Irish during the
first half of the eighteenth century. Is it not
then trifling to talk of Popery or Protestantism
being the cause of the disorderly habits of the
Irish, when we find that the great body of the
people have in all times been plundered and op.
pressed without measure or mercy ? The gen,
try, instead of setting an example of order and
good conduct to them, trampled on all laws di-
vine and human. Here we find a handful of fo-
reigners in possession of nearly all the land of
the country obtained by forfeiture, not merely nut
protecting the body of the people, but abso-
lutely depriving them of the means of acquiring
property ; and, to crown the whole, the English
at . home watching both colonists and natives
with the most illiberal jealousy, and putting
down one branch of industry after another.
Popish Priests, forsooth. The Irish can tell
another story. The plain matter is, that the
Church of England is not wanted in Ireland,
and the Irish are not to be blamed in seeking to
rid themselves of this badge of their slavery. It
will be time to complaiu of the unreasonableness
of the Irish when they ask what is not accordant
with equal-handed justice. We cannot afford to
expend the resources of our industrious people
to impose a sinecure establishment on a Catholic
and Presbyterian population. The Irish might
have been at one time destroyed by fire and
sword, but they are now too numerous to be
dealt with on the principle of coercion. The
experiment would be too costly to endeavour to
retrace our steps till we arrived at the penal
system in all its perfection. We must, there-
fore, make a merit of necessity, and try what the
effect of even-handed justice will be, as tyranny
and oppression have signally failed.—Morning
Chronicle.

We observe that Lord John Russell, at a
Public Meeting in Devonshire,has been explaining
his sentiments on some important matters, in
answer to questions put to him by a political
opponent. With regard to the ballot, Lord

John Russell says that he anticipates greater
evils from its introduction than any which its
bitterest enemies have predicted ; but never-
theless, if he shall find landlords exerting over
their tenantry such an influence as he has found
used against his interest in the county of Devon,
he may be induced to support the adoption of
this perilous innovation. With regard to the
Church property, Lord John Russell says that
he feels himself at liberty to confiscate the reve-
nues of the Irish Church, differing herein from
one or two of his colleagues, and particularly
from his Right Honourable Friend the Se-
cretary for Ireland. But, for the English
Church, Lord John Russell thinks it is
not overpaid ; and, however he might study to
improve the distribution of its revenues, he
shrinks with horror from the dream of their
alienation. And, lastly, with regard to the
Corn Laws, Lord John Russell says that there
is much to be said for various methods and plans
by which protection might be afforded to the
English farmer. He leans himself to the notion
of a fixed duty. But he holds that the present
amount of protection is not too great ; and he
promises to do nothing which shall have the
effect of reducing it. These are professions
which sound well. But we know how easily
a Whig in office forgets a promise or abjures a
principle. We cannot trust the retrenching pa-
triot who sent the five millions to Russia, nor

the moderate Reformer who brought in the re-
volutionary Bill. We desire, however, to
make some comment on the statement given
by his Lordship of his present opinions on
the ballot. " I think," says our Noble
Patriot, " that the adoption of the bal-
lot will occasion more mischief than any
which its opponents anticipate ; but, neverthe-
less, if the landowners of the country attempt to
influence their tenantry in favour of Mr. Buller,
I will punish them by advocating its adoption."
It is in admirable accordance with all we have
seen of the bearing and demeanour of Lord
John Russell that he should risk the encounter
of dangers whose magnitude he so accurately
measures for the gratification of personal spleen
and the annoyance of political enemies. His
Lordship has been for many years a Reformer.
He has made himself acquainted with all the
faults of the British Constitution, and has
found them more numerous than we could have
guessed
them to be. He has studied the ne-
cessary remedies also, and has suggested of
them a greater number than ever we shall de-
sire to try. He has not been ignorant that in
all periods of our constitutional history the rich
landlord has possessed a power over his poor
tenant ; and that such power has been used,
not less in town than in country, not less by
Whiggism than by Toryism. He has not been
induced by his knowledge of this undoubted
fact to recommend the secret vote. He was
not converted by the asserted and admitted
interference of the Duke of Newcastle at
Newark, nor by the denied and proved inter-
ference of Lord Anglesey in Dublin. But he
finds his own interests at stake ; and for the
advancement of his own prospects he will em-
brace the ballot while lie denounces its evils, as
a fortune-hunter, for the relief of his necessities,
marries the rich vixen whose wrinkles and de-
formity he derides. The truth or error of his
Lordship's opinion on the subject we will

not now consider ; but we grieve to see a
share of the Government of the country in the ,
hands of a man who, by mere resentment and
the operation of a vindictive temper, can be led
to abandon so strong an opinion upon so momen-
tous a subject. In the paper from which we
take the report of his Lordship's observations
there are two accoonts of the proceedings of the
Meeting at which they were expressed. One of
these accounts proceeds manifestly from a Con-
servative, the other as manifestly is the work of a
Reformer. The Reformer pays to his Noble
Patron a compliment with which he cannot fail
to he much gratified. He states that the Meet-
ing, which took place at Teignmouth, was at-
tended by many gentlemen of the first respecta-
bility residing in the neighbourhood, and in
proof of the correctness of this assertion he fur-
nishes a list of names. Of the gentlemen so
mentioned not one, nor two, nor three, but all,
are stout Conservatives, and of course were op-
posed to the objects for which the Meeting was
called together by his Lordship's friends.—
Morning Post.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION-HOUSE.

Alexander Coploffe, a chin-music performer, and
John. Smith, a flute-player with one hand, were
brought before the LORD MAYOR, charged with
having d;sturbed the whole neighbourhood of Cop-
than-buildings by their discord.
The defendants, it appeared, were in the habit of
delighting the public with pieces of music; and after
having played several airs on Saturday evening in
Coptl;lH-court, they struck up " God save the
Kng" as a finale. The flute-player played with
great simplicity, barring shakes, which he rattled
through the court in wonderful abundance; while
the other whipped his chin through an immense
number of variations. It was, however, the opinion
of the crowd that the instruments did not agree,
and the general cry was that the shaking gentleman,
being but second best, should cease altogether. The
flute-player did not relish the preference given to
his comrade, and, for the purpose of showing his
contempt for his hearers, played up--" Molly, put
the kettle on ;" by which expedient he drew down
the -heavy displeasure of the chin-musician, who at
once turned his knuckles from his own face to that
of his partner, and gave the flute-player a most
disagreeable smash in the corresponding part of the
countenance. The flute-player in an instant bran-
dished his copper-bound flute, and, with an excellent
aim, tried to knock music out of Mr. Coploffe; but,
although the melodious instrument came in contact
with the melodious chin of that gentleman, nothing
was heard but a loud bellow. The gentlemen who
own chambers, and who have lately shown very
little taste for the higher sort of mu-ical entertain-
ment, then interposed, and caused the combatants to
be taken into eu,tody.
The LORD MAYOR said that he had several com-
plaints from men of business in the retired parts of
the city against singers, whistlers, fifers, hurdy-
gurdy grinders, and others, who were often paid to
stay away.— Smith (the flute-player) said that he
had introduced the chin-chopper to the town. At
first the people were disposed to laugh at such a
nonsensical piece of mummery, but they here him
at last, the introduction was so respectable.
The LORD MAYOR—He has the advantage, of
you in not being at the expense of an instrument.
Smith—Yes, my Lord ; he has only to dab his
tongue up against the roof of his mouth, and to
work his fists upon his chin, and out comes allshis
music. There's no use in such juggling. I have
only four fingers and a thumb in the world, and I
can play any air that ever stood in an orchestra.
Coploffe—You play I You can't play none at
all. Nobody would give you a farthing, if he didn't
for pity, when de see you shivering and shaking. I
don't know vot make me beat my chin along vid
such a stupid rascal.—(Laughter.)
Smith—How would you have got your living
but for me ? Please you, my Lord, he was but a
poor beggarly foreigner when I took him in hand.
The LORD MAYOR—And what do you call him
now ? Smith—lie told me, when first I seed

him, that he had plenty of practice, for he had
nothing else to do with his jaws hut to play upon
them—(Laughter)—and now he has every thing a
gentleman wants.

Coploffe—De people takes me best. He gets
more for charity, but I gets more for music. He
blows in dat flute of his until he sets all a shivering
and shaking. De people trembles when de looks at
him, and den de gives him hawpennies.—(Laughter.)
The LORD MAYOR—But you had no right to
strike him, my good Chin-chopper, although he
might have played out of tune.
Smith—l forgive him that, my Lord, for I gave
him better than I got; besides we are both going
to a party to,night at the West-end of the town.
The LORD MAYOR—But I'll not let either of you
go until I have every reason to believe that we
shall not be troubled with you again.
Smith—To tell you the truth, my Lou!, after one
whole day's work we got only 4d.,and most of them
was so hot that we could have mulled our beer with
them. At the West-end we have crowds after us,
and we always gets our money raw.—(Laughter.)
Coploffe—'Tis his flute vot gets de burning
hawpennnies. I never lifts up none ven he plays,
or I get the scald. Yen I play de hawpennies
comes like out of de sky.—(Laughter.)
The LORD MAYOR— Well you may go, but if you
appear before me again I'll send you where the
hawpennies are neither cold nor hot.

BOW-STREET.
THE Two MRS. TEw.—Yesterday, Mrs. Ann
Tew, who claims to be wife, de jure, of one Ben-
jamin Tew, a journeyman glass-cutter, and against
whom a charge of bigamy is pending, appeared be•
fore Mr.IIALLs,in answer to a charge of assault pre-
ferred against her by Mrs. Emma Tew, who asserts
that she is wife, de facto, of the before-mentioned
Benjamin, but against whom she has caused a war-
rant for bigamy to issue.
The wife de jure is an elderly respectable looking
matron, but the wife de facto is young, and rather
handsome.

The wife de facto, having been sworn, deposed
that, on Saturday night she was passing through
Chandos-street, when :the wife de jure came up
to her and charged her with having inveigled her
husband away from her.
The wife de jure —Well, and so you did, can you
deny it, you—

Mr. HALLS—Be patient, Madam, allow her to
finish her story; you shall then be heard at any
length you please.
The wife de facto continued—Not only did she
accuse me of seducing her husband away, which is a
falsity, but she shoved, and struck me several blows.
Mr. HALLS—WeII Mrs. Ann Tew, what is your
answer to the statement of Mrs. Emma Tew ? The
wife de jure—That person has no right to the title
of Mrs. Tew.

The wife de facto—l was married to Mr. Tew as
well as you, and I have a right to use his name until
the laws do justice to my wrongs. _ _

Mr. HALLS observed that as Mr. Tew was not
present, the only question for consideration was
whether or not an assault had been committed.

The wife de jure assured the Magistrate that not
only was she innocent of the assault, but had not
even seen the complainant on the day stated.
A servant belonging to the wife de facto, how-
ever, swore positively that she saw the blows in-
flicted by the wife de jure.
The wife de jure was moved to tears by this evi-
dence, but instead of replying to it, she declared
that she was an ill-used woman. Until the fatal hour
that brought him acquainted with the complainant,
Mr. Tew was the most exemplary of husbands, but,
alas 1 the complainant had so infatuated him that his
whole mind seemed to have undergone a change, and
the wife and home he once so much loved, he now
shunned like a base and deceitful man as he was.

A woman who accompanied the elder Mrs. Tew
to the office said that she had been greatly annoyed
by the complainant, who went to her lodgings and in-
sisted on taking possession of them as Mr. Tew's wife.
Mr. HALLS told the complainant that she must
not do so again. The Magistrate then ordered the
warrant to stand suspended, and intimated that if
either of the parties should break the peace it would
be put to force against the offender.
The wives then withdrew.

A ruffian, named William lll'Carthy, a coster-
monger, was convicted of a brutal assault on a re-
spectable married woman, named Porter, and fined
5/. Being unable to pay the penalty he was com-
mitted to prison.
GUILDHALL.

A young woman of mild aspect, named Mary
Evans, was charged with having stolen thirteen
cats from different parts of the parish of Cripplegate.
John Hill, a constable of the parish, in going
round the ward on the preceding night, met with

the prisoner, and, being aware that ;he was a cat-
stealer, and observing she had something in her
apron, he stopped and searched her. She had alto-
gether thirteen skins in her possession, one of them
quite warm, and a portion of them were concealed
in two large pockets, which hung parallel with the
calves of her legs. _

Sir PETER LAURIE understood that there was
no law for the protection of that species of animals,
Sir R. Peel's Act extending only to beasts and birds
ordinarily kept in a state of confinement.
Hill hoped she would not be allowed to go away
unpunished, for the treachery to the poor things
with which she carried on her abominable calling
was truly harrowing. With a piece of baited liver
and a coaxing voice, she enticed the unfortunate
things within her reach, when she would strike
them on the head so as to stun without killing
them, and then whip their jackets off in an instant.
In a few minutes the watchman would find the vic-
tims recovering from the stupefaction, and strug-
gling and sprawling skinless on the ground, and he
had the trouble to despatch and dispose of them.
Hortono patrol, corroborated this statement. Poor
cats were often found in the dead of the night
up arched courts and in by-places, still alive,
though without their jackets. The prisoner had
been in custody before for the like offence, and when
discharged, she told him she would do it again in
spite of his teeth. He entreated that she might be
punished.
The prisoner said nobody could prove she had
skinned the cats. She had purchased the skins at
2d. each, and should sell them at 3d.
The owner of the houses, to which a privy is at-
tached, near which the prisoner was taken, said he
would have trounced her if he had caught her in
the fact. Above 50 naked cats were drawn from
his drain about four months ago. It was quite
shocking, and he hoped she would be severely
punished. He had heard of her, and had sat up
several nights to detect her, but without success.
A very prt tty skin of a large cat, with black spots
on a white ground, was exhibited as a specimen of
her neat workmanship in stripping.
Sir PETER LAURIE said the complainants were
very pressing, but surely they did not wish him to
do that w hicn he should be sorry for—to overstep
the law. If the law had enabled him to punish her,
he would have done it. He must discharge her.—
She was accordingly dismissed.
