[NEW TIMES,3

In adverting to the details of the late events
In Catalonia, we must begin by noticing 'a slight
error of the press in our Paper of yesterday.
The article' from Girona, dated May 27, should
bave begun---" Yesterday, at four in the morn.,
ing, Mimi having stolen a march ;" but the omis-
sion of the word MCNA rendered the narrative
unintelligible. The fact appears to be, that
Mina is unable to throw himself into Barcelona,
and therefore wanders up and down the course of
the Llobregat, avoiding as much as possible to
meet thp enemy in force, and trying every means
to effe4 those surprises and stratagems in, which
the Guerilla warfare principally consists.—
Hitherto, however, he has been frustrated
lb all his projects, and worsted In all his
rencontres, because he meets with his match
for activity and enterprise in Generals Don.
nadlea and D'Eroles. These two Generals
having occupied Manresa, and thus intercept,
ed Mina in that direction, the latter on the
3d ult. marched northwards by Cellent and
Avinio to St. Felin de Sasserras ; whence he made
the sudden movement above mentioned on Vich.
The Times and Chronicle the other day assured
us, that it was a great stroke of General-
ship in Mina to throw himself into l3arce..
lana. What will they now say ? They will
now say. it was a great stroke of Generalship
in him not 'to throw himself into Barcelona.
They will prove that his being repulsed at
Vich, and Milans and Llobera being repulsed
at Matareiare both brilliant successes for the
" great ttepse, of Liberty" in Spain. Moreover
the garrison of Hostalrich, which made a sally,
and was driven back, will by the same logic be
proved to have beaten the besiegers : and Zayus
with his 3500 fugitives from Madrid, who was
pursued and beaten at Talavera, will be shewn to
have been only acting on that profound military
plan, by which the sages of the polies are draw-
ing on the French to their destruction! it really;
sickens one to hear such daily repetitions of non-
sense and contradiction. We repeat, that the mi-
litary part of the 'Drama in Spain is now nearly,
over ; and it is to the political part that the most
serious and earnest attention should now be given.'
The Duke del haunted° is the only individual on
whom depends the future well-being of his
country. silo is at the present moment the effect-
tive head of the lawful Government; for the.
King, in whose name he acts, and whose unli.
inked confidence he has always possessed; is a
captive ; and the Corte,: have de filch) lost the
authority which they had only detail() possessed.,
The Duke, on the contrary, holds his authority
froth those Councils which are de jure the lawful
Representatives of the Sovereign 'whilst he is
under duress. The Duke is, or soon will be,
formally recOgnized as President of the Regency
by the Great Powers of the Continent. We will
not anticipate circumstances which may raise
a question whether Great Britain should adopt
a• line of diplomacy different from that of
the rest of Europe. Possibly those, circumstances
may 'not arise. Possibly the moderate part of
tots Cortes at Seville may overpower the 'fa.
cabins, by whom they have been hitherto tyran.
-lazed over. We rejoice to See that letters from
Seville of the IGth of May, in the Journal des
Inbats, coincide exactly with those advices from
the Same city, which appeared in The Morning
Chronicle of Friday last. Both the French
Ministerial Paper and the English Opposition
Falter agree in this, that the Jacobin party in the
ortes has.been thrown into a minority, and that
1'
the Moderuks, who have Oiled the ascendancy,
are disposed to act on the suggestions thrown
out by Abisbal.

[MOßNlNG CURONICLE.)
Tile public will rejoice to find, that in the New
Marriage Act, the contract is not to be annulled,
in consequence of 'ion-compliance with its requi-
sites,—but the offending parties are, to be made
lislite to certain penalties. This principle of in-

dissolubility has been preserved, however, not
without a severe struggle.
,That mere world-
lings,—men intent only upon hoarding riches,
or acquiring titular distinctions, shduld con-
sent to expose a great portitin of their fel-
low-creatures, and especially of the weaker
sex, to evils of the most extensive and painful
kind, rather than a remote chance should exist of
the families of the higher orders being contami-
nated by Plebeian connections, can excite no
astonishment; and it was expected, that certain
veterans in the House of Lords, whose prover-
bial avarice is not the most mischievous of their
qualities, would shew that they were under the
influerice of such sentiments. But it has excited
no less sorrow than surprise, that the opinions of
these persons should have been sanctioned by
the Archbishop of Canterbury's and the Bishop
of London. In the former, all the prejudices
that belong to birth (to which alone he owed
his elevation) might be supposed to have
their full power, but the commendable cau-
tion he exercises on most occasions has hitherto
prevented an offensive display of them ; un-
fortunately, in this instance, that caution
seems to have forsaken him. It behoved the
latter to have remembered the seriods injury he
inflicted upon the episcopal character by the
courtly opinions he expressed in the Queen's
trial upon the moral impeccability of Kings !
Neither of these Prelates can be suspected of
being secret enemies of the establishment by
which they so greatly benefit. They can have
acted only under an unaccountable, though not a
very unusual!infatuation. Perhaps, upon no sub-
ject 'fiat has ever been. discussed, except the
Bourbon aggression in Spain, has there ever ap-
peared among sensible and good men, out of Par-,
liament, so much unanimity as in condemning the
doctrines which these individuals supported ;
doctrines not less repugnant to the dictates of
humanity than at variance with the declared
word of God, and the genuine spirit of Christi-

[BRITISH PRESS.]
The gradual progress of knowledge through-
out the different states and kingdoms of Europe,
as it gradually alters the character and changes
the condition of the people, tends inevitably to
make them, impatient of oppression, and deter.
mines them to seek that reformation through
their own strength which they cannot obtain
through the justice of their rulers. Hence
those , revolutions which are going 'forward in
Spain and Portugal, and silently working their
way in all the leading monarchies of Europe.
The great error of the governments of the present
day is this—that they make no allowance for the
peogress'of information, and conceive themselves
able to continue,,now that the public mind is
everywhere enlightened, the same vicious system
of abuse and misrule which they carried on in the
days of passive and ignorant obedience. But
every government must follow the progress of
"weilth and civilization : the attempt to counter-
act this effect is the most dangerous of all
errors,.and the most surelY fatal ; because, when
the only effective polit'cal power, the power
of the majority of a nation, is attached to the
cause of political reform, no machinations of Mo.
narchs orof Miniqers—noalliance,l•oly, or-unholy,
can put it down. The mass of the population in
England, in France, in Germany, in every king-
dom in Europe, side 'with the friends of rational
liberty in Spain. Europe .forms in reality but
one great commonwealth, and the Allied Powers
must repress the love of right and justice, and
destroy the common sympathies between man
and man, before they can send forth their armies
with any hope of success. Newspaper reports
may vary, and the fortunes of Spain may flue-
tunic, but her cause is linked with the interests
of the human race, and its final triumph is cer-
tain.

CsionsitNo nett.tr..n.]
,The history of the two first months of the,
campaign in Spain will not be over-crowded with.
incidents. It is somewhat curious—indeed un-
exampled in military history, thati with so 'littte,
fighting, the Duke of An.ouleme should demo
fish and erect so many eovernments. It is in
this way that his prowess has been chiefly exer-
cised. His first feat, upon taking the field, was
to cashier the noted Regency of Urgel. He next
set up the 66 Supreme Junta of Government,"
which lusted the whole length of the march
from the frontier to Madrid. This machine
of. Government, however, did not work satis-
factorily ; and no sooner had the Prince Paci-
ficator reached that capital, than he knocked
it on the head, and called up the defunct
and mouldered Councils of Castile and the In-
dies, from which, by a sudden transmutation, he
has once more extracted a 44 Regency of Spain
and the Indies." How lon Ws latter body
politic will exist we shall not pretend to conjee-
ture. Though more titan three days old, when
the last accounts came away, it had not yet done
any thing in the way of trying its infant strength
with the revolutionary serpent. The late letter
of Abisbal produced a feeling of despondency
among those who wished success to the Spaniards.
There is, however, since, a re-action. The subse-
quent events, scanty and unimpottant as they are,
and scantily and unfaithfully as they are narrated
by the French, tell on the whole favourably for the
Spanish Government. How often, and with what
effrontery, have Paris Journals told us that no=
thing but Abisbal's harshness, the controul of
military power, the influence of the Cortes, and
a tender regard for the tranquillity of Ferdinand,
prevented the people of Madrid'from opening
their gates to the bands of the Faith, and pro..
claiming 44 The absoulte Kin.!" How does the
fact turn out on trial ? TO -Government, the
Cortes, the great mass of the more respectable
Constitutionalists, the militia and other troaps,
with but a remnant behind, had left Madrid—
the Duke of Angouleme is at the threshold—and
yet whets the very Bessieres who made that capittil
tremble not long since, and was to supersede the
French auxiliaries altogetlier----dernanda, and
tries to force entrance, he is repulsed with great
loss on his part, in slain and in prisoners. What
has become of Abishal we are not yet'informed
to a certainty. Letters from Paris, received
yesterday, assert positively that he had quitted
the army. It is difficult to doubt this. 'Madrid

was entered on the 23d, and an affair took place
on the 27th, between a part of the first corps of
the French army, and a division of the troops
which had been commanded by Abisbal.

[MORNING POST.
Our opinion of the English Whigs, taken as a
body, is known not to be very favourable,
whether we regard their political talents or their
public virtue; Beyond their depth, however,
there is still a lower deep, and the Whig's of '
Scotland have plunged with so vigorous an
emulation as to leave their Southern- Brethren
still in a sphere comparatively elevated and
pure. Their achievements in this rivalry—
this rivalry in the art of sinking, have been nu-
merous and wonderful. One of those achieve-
ments, however, we should have been content to
bury in oblivion, on account of the melancholy
consequences connected with it, but as it has
been again by one of themselves forced upon
public attention, we think it only right that it
should be exhibited in its full glory.—lt will
recollected, then, that some two years ago, or
thereabouts, party feelings in Scotland, from va-
rious circumstances, had attained an unusual de-
gree of excitement. In the angry conflict of the
passions, the Press, no longer restrained within
its legitimate bounds, left the discussion
of principles and measures for the more
stimulating and pernicious occupation of scru-
tinizing individual character. A. pretty brisk
fire 'of private libels was for some time
kept up. Neither Whigs nor Tories are,
we believe, entirely exempt from the disgrace of
having engaged in this irregular species of war-
fare. The Tories were indeed satisfied to ward
off or to cast back the poisoned arrows of which
they received many au abundant shower, as
they best might. Nth so the Whigs ; they,
forsooth, must set up a clamorous outcry, as
men accustomed to a monopoly usually will,
simply because these very galling weapons
appeared no longer to be exclusively their
own. In this state of things it was that the case
of Borthwick, of which so much has been said,
arose. This individual had been part Proprietor
of a Journal in which some clever squibs against
certain conspicuous Whigs had been inserted. He
was, however, no longer a partner. He had sold his
share, quitted possesion,and was actually in litiga-
tion with his late partner. He was, moreover, at
the time of which we are speaking, imprisoned for
debt. A Whig, smarting under the lash of this
Journal, (for Whigs are amazingly sensative to
calumny, unless when it happens to assail a poli-
tical opponent), anxious to discover the author
of certain lively bagatelles by which he had been
annoyed, bethought himself that the poor mise-
rable and imprisoned Ex-proprietor might be
tempted to act so like a scoundrel as to betray
the confidence of his contributors. Nor was he mis-
taken. To complete the desired treachery, it was
however necessary that the manuscripts Should
be produced ; accordingly we find that our Ex-
proprietor is quickly at large,
,and that the first
use he makes of his freedom is to repair to the
office of the journal, there by the application of
false keys to the private desk of his successor, to
possess himself of the required documents
and lastly, to hand them over to the irritated
and very high-minded Whig. For participating
in this very honourable course, the Whig imme-
diately concerned received such general and un-
qualified applause from his whole party as fully
warrants our treating the whole transaction as an
exposition of party character. Of the lament
able occurrence which followed the treachiry
of Borthwick, it would be painful and is
unnecessary to speak. By that occurrence
the baseness which preceded, 'it is surely
not enntbted. The transaction altogether is
one which the Whigs, 'if they knew in what'
fair fame consists, would abOVe "all things
wish the world to forget. But, no there were
circumstances belonging to the case which af-
forded a hope of criminating a servant of the
Crown, and this was more than sufficient to out-
weigh any consideration of tenderness for
the character of their own party.—What,
then, was the accusation against the Law Officers
of the Crown ? It resolved itself into this,
that Borthwick, whose conduct we have faithfully
described, was detained some time in custody
upon a charge of theft, and was eventually
set at large without trial. This is the whole.—
Ingeilious as the Whigs may be in their ima-
ginings of corrupt or unworthy motives, what
improper considerations, we would ask them,
are -likely
in this instance to have perverted
the course of justice ? Was Borthwick entitled
to greater indulgence, because the felony of which
he was accused had been committed in order to
the consummation of another crime ? Were his
convenience and comfort to be the objects of pecu-
liar care, because the offence of invading one
males property sprung out of the inducements
which had tempted him to betray the confidence
of other men ?—We do not hesitate to, declare
that we should not have thought one jot the worse
either of the' heart or understanding of the Law
Officer of the Crown who committed Borthwick,
even •if reasons bad appeared (which they have
not), for supposing the), indignation against the
base and fatal treachery of that person' had
mixed itself up in some degree with the estimate
of -his legal crime.

EXTRAORDIN kitY 'MCC
CI
terday F MACKAItEL.--Yes-
morning (Monday, 2d instant), about
seven o'clock, an Immense quantity of mackarel
were hauled on shore
at Deal, having been
caught in a seine net, to the number of about
7000—a circumstance unprecedented in the
annals of fishery ; the whole of which were pur-
chased in the course of an hour after, to the great
satisfaction of the fisherman, at the rate .of 17s.
per MO. The net was the property of Messrs.
Goymer and littynes, King's pilots, of that port.
(Kentish Gazelle.) ' i

A duel took place yesterday morning, in a field
leading from Sinai!berry-green to Heston, be-
tween G. Esq. and Captain
The quarrel originated over a dis-
puted bet 6n. Epsom races, and blows had been
before- exchanged. Ca-pt. A-11—r was' badly
wounded in the shoulder.

HIS LATE MAJESTY.

MONUMENTAL TROPHY IN HONOUR OF THE
MEMORY OF THE LATE KING.

The subscribers and friends to the Monument intended to be
erected to the Memory of King GEORGE the THIRD, on
Tuesday dined togetlier at the London Tavern.
An apology was made for the absence of the Lord Mayor,
who was to have taken the chair, but who was compelled to
attend Parliament on business of much importance. By the
unanimous desire of the company, Colonel GAITSKILL pre-
sided over the festivities of the day.
After the removal of the cloth,
Sir JOHN E. DOLBEx, Bart., addressed the company on the
virtues which distinguished our late revered Monarch.
Mr. YATES, of Covent-Garden Theatre, contributed much
to the intellectual pleasures of the company, by a spirited and
pathetic recital of an appropriate address, which had been pre-
pared for the occasion.

Mr. T. LOWNDES also introduced a poetic effusion compli-
mentary to the late Sovereign, and prefaced it by some obser-
vations on the illustrious events which occurred during the late
reign.
Mr. Eeatzs, an active Gentleman on the Committee for
erecting a trophy, conciseley stated the progress the un-
dertaking was making. The design, he said, was originally
conceived by Mr. M. NVyatt, and by him it was communicat-
ed to his Royal Highness the Duke of York, who instantly
undertook to become its patron. The Gentleman also made the
design known to their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess
of Clarence, the Duchess of Gloucester, the Duchess of Kent,
and several other Members of the Royal Family; and like-
wise to many of the principal Nobility, among whom were
the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Duke of Wellington,
the Marquis of Salisbury, the Marquis of Anglesea, Lord
Londonderry, all of whom, with many others too numerous to
be mentioned, had given their fullest approbation to the erec-
tion of the proposed monument, and W.ti promised it their
support. •
Mr. Thontsow, the late Secretary to the Duke of Kent,
in a pathetic and eloquent speech, spoke of the dignified and
exalted virtues which distinguished his. late Majesty, and
said the Meeting was a band of brothers who had rallied
round their father's sepulchre, to prove that by the lapse of
years he was not forgotten. In him, he said, the glories of vir-
tue, piety and benevolence, shone conspicuously, and it
was he who spread religion throughout the world, and se-'
vered the chains of African slavery never again to be
united. His English heart was the watch tower of Eng-
lish glory, and made the distant lands crouch to the feet of
the lion. To perpetuate his memory, we should gather
round the sepulchre of his remains, and raise up a trophy
which should endure when the Kingdom should be cram-,
bled to dust.—[This Gentleman was interrupted several
times by the involuntary bursts of applause of the Meet-
ing—so 'powerfully and feelingly did he touch upon some
of the leading characteristics of our late gracious Mo..
narch.] In. the course of the evening many excellent'
toasts were given, applicable to the subject of the Meeting,
and the scene was greatly. enlivened by the sweet harmony:
of Messrs. Broadhurst, Smith, Leet, Taylor, Master Smith,,
and several other gentlemen of the greatest musical celebrity.
There was also a most effective band of musicians in the
gallery, who occasionally delighted the company with a
choice diversity of martial and other airs. The festival, which
most unexpectedly came under thepresidency of Col. Gaitskill,
was conducted to its close, with the greatest order and hilarity.

PITT CLUBS.
