beasts for one he could now dispose of. The reason was
obvious—that which the artizan saved in bread, he was en-
abled to lay out in butcher-meat.
The resolution was then put and carried unanimously.
On the motion of Mr. JOIINSON, Mr. Boultbce's letter
was referred to the same Committee,
Mr. WILLIAM MORRIS drew the attention of the Meet-
ing to one effect of the unequal prices of food here and on
the Continent, whereby many families of narrow incomes
were tempted to reside abroad, and the country had to
sustain the loss from the withdrawal of such expenditure.
—Adjourned.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

ROUSE OF LORDS, MARCH 18.

The LORD CHANCELLOR toLk his ;eat at five o'clock.

Lord ROSEBERY presented a petition from the isle
of Bute against further endowments to the Church of
Scotland.

Lord REDESDALE presented a petition against any
alteration in the Corn-laws. Also a petition from a parish
in Surrey praying for the adoption of a penny postage.
Lord STRANG FORD presented petitions in the ab-
sence ef his Noble Friend, from Morpeth and Alnwick,
against any alteration in the Corn-laws.
The Duke of CLEVELAND presented a from the
Union of Durham and York, praying the House to make
such an alteration in the Poor-law, as will afford easy and
more effectual means of punishment for offences in bastardy.
The Marquis of WESTMEATH wished to call the at-
tention of the Noble Marquis opposite to the fact that on
the last occasion on which he (the Marquis of West-
meath) drew the attention of the Hduse to Irish
affairs, that Ito stated the Noble Marquis had libe-
rated a criminal from the gaol of Mellinger,
without requiring bail from him, and that the Noble Mar-
quis had on that occasion roundly contradicted him. Ile
had since written to Ireland under an impression that
his original information was true, requesting to be fur-
nished with the best information on the subject,
and he now had received confirmatory evidence,
namely, a copy of the letter of Mr. D, um-
mond, Secretary to the Noble Marquis, in which he
communicated his Excellency's commands to the gaoler to
liberate Thomas Cook, confined in the gaol of Mullingar,
from custody, without bail. He could not now help ex-
pressing his astonishment at the Noble Marquis's contra•
diction, and of stating that in his opinion such a course of
proceeding was not calculated to facilitate public business.
The Marquis of NORMANDY said he did not see any
thing so extraordinary in the step he had been taking.
On the occasion to which the Noble Marquis referred
he spoke from a memorandum in his own hand-
writing, which he then held in his hand, expressive
both of his intention and of what he did, which
was, that if the man should behave himself
well for two months that he should then be discharged
upon giving security. He did behave well, and in a
petition presented to him at the expiration of that period,
he stated that he was prepared to give security, himself
in 201. and two others in 101. each. Such securities
were requested to be taken, and the man ordered to
be liberated. He (the Noble Marquis) had never
known an instance in which such an order to take security
had not been attended to, although, as the Noble Marquis
seemed so certain that there had been an omission here,
he could not take upon himself to say there really had not
been.

NATIONAL CON VEN TION.
(YESTERDAY.)

Mr. NIARSDEN, Deputy fro—m Preston, in the Chair.
MISSIONARY REPORTS.

The Secretary read letters from the Missionaries.
Mr. Cardo's letter stated the great progress which they
were making in Cornwall with regard to the principles of
the Charter. A great meeting had been held at Plymouth,
which was attended by three thousand persons, and many
of the middle classes confessed themselves converted to the
opinions of Radicalism, and finally signed the petition in great
numbers. It also gave statements of meetings at Stone-end,
and Devonport, attended with the same results ; also a
letter from the Missiom.ry to Somersetshire, stating that
the petition from the city of Bath will be forwarded next
week with 12,000 signatures attached. This letter com-
plained that the sum of 5/ , remitted from that place,
through the Birmingham Committee, had not been ac-
knowledged. This gave rise to a long discussion on the
many omissions which had taken place by that Committee
in giving particular accounts of several sums from different
parts of the country. It was finally arranged that
this subject should be inquired into as soon as
possible. A letter was read from the Missionaries
sent to Essex and Kent, describing their success in the
neighbourhood of Colchester.
Dr. TAYLOR read a letter from Glasgow, giving an ac-
count of a great meeting which Lad been held there. The
account of which meeting occupied three columns in a
NlThg paper cf that city The meeting had passed a vote
of confidence in the Convention.
REN r.—Bradford 5/ , Brighton 31., Preston and Chor-
ley 51., Colchester Si., Alloa 3/ , Clackmannan 21., London
District, exclusive of Marylt.bone, 101.

ADDRESS TO THE CITIZENS OF LONDON ON THE POLICE BILL•

Mr. SANKEY said, that although he was not quite pre-
pared to bring on his motion for an address to the citizens
of London on the New PaLee Bill until to-morrow, yet
the necessity for despatch was so evident, he felt that any
deficiency on his port would be overlooked when the im-
portance of the subject was considered. He would, there-
fore, in accordance to the wish of the meeting, proceed to
it at once. When it was considered that in Ireland the
worst consequences had attended the introduction of those
who may be properly termed Gens d'Armerie," it was
not wonderful that the people of this country should take
every means to resist the introduction of this measure of
police. In Ireland it was this system which fostered the
rebellion in that country, and, it was evident that the au-
thorities wished to bring on the same results, thereby sub-
jecting this country to the same nefarious influence. They
ought not to be surprised at this, when it was recollected
that Ireland was the school of British statesmen. It was
in that unfortunate country that those were trained who
were to be hereafter the persons whose duty it would be to
administer the affairs of this country. In that arena were
they to be initiated in the mysteries of Government, who
would in future have in their hands the destinies of Eng-
lishmen.—( Hear.) This was unfortunate, for, as the
feeling of tyranny which was then inculcated, was not only
not got r;d of in their transplantation to this country, but
they omitted no opportunity of attempting to substantiate
the same system of tyranny on the people of this country.
Mr. Sankey continued to express his hostility to this mea-
sure, which he said was only the prelude to a system of
centralisation and rural police, which was intended to be
adopted in this country by the Whig Government, who
ever were willing to insidiously infringe on the people's
rights.—( Hear, hear, and cheers.) He, therefore, would
submit to them an address, which purported to offer the
assistance of the country at large to the citizens of Lon-
don, to aid them in their endeavours to oppose the intro-
duction of a measure fraught with principles of hostility to
every species of self-government. He then read the
address.

The Marquis of WESTMEATH wished to know
from the Noble Marquis if he knew when it would be
convenient for the Irish Office to produce papers which he
had moved fJr respecting the transaction at Mullingar.
The Marquis of NORMANDY could only say that he
had sent for the papers.
FREE LABOUR IN JAMAICA.

Lord SEAFORTH wished to know from his Noble
Friend, whether any papers had been transmitted by Sir
Lionel Smith on the subject of the working of free labour
in Jamaica, beside those already laid on the table. He
made that request at the instance of a very numerous meet-
jug which had been convened on the subject, and it would
be extremely desirable that the House should be in pos-
session of all the papers on this subject possible.
The Marquis of NORMANBY said there was every
intention to present every paper possible, so as to give the
fullest information on the subject of the free system in
Jamaica, v:hich it was desired should be carried into effect.
Whether the system as recommended had been carried
into tact he had no means of knowing, as Sir Lionel
Smith had not made any communication to the Colonial
Office. When he first saw the agent of Jamaica, who had
presented certain papers to the local magistracy of
Jamaica, and who had inquired of him if he had any
objection to produce the papers, ho informed that Gentle-
man that he intended to lay those papers on the table,
and if the Noble Lord would now move for them,
they should be forthcoming.
Lord ST, VINCENT was sure that the Report could
not be complied with, as it was an exparte statement ; and
if the Colonlal_Office gave credit to that Report it would
be led into error.

Mr. O'CONNOR, in seconding the resolution of Mr. San-
key, gave a great many illustrations of the evil effects of
the police in Ireland, among which were two cases of
the interference of the police in actions for debt, when
they shot one man and stabbed another, and notwithstand-
ing their doing so, those unfortunate persons so wounded,
were tried and convicted for making any resistance. He
said he had a vast number of letters from the different Secre-
taries who had been inflicted on Ireland, giving directions
to the magistrates in that country how they should conduct
themselves in gathering all the information possible as to
the opinions and actions of their particular neighbourhoods.
The only one of those Secretaries who gave those direc-
tion s in anything like a gentlemanly manner, was Sir Ro-
bert Peel. He hoped to be able at some future day to give
these letters to the public. He was glad the Morning
Chronicle had reported the determination of the
country, as expressed in the meeting at the Crown and
Anchor on Saturday night ; and if the reporter of that
journal were now here he would thank him to take down
his words, when he said that the country was prepared
to take their stand against the system of centralization
which was sought to be acted on in this country. Mr.
O'Connor had great pleasure in seconding the address of
Mr. Sankey.
Mr. WHITTLE and Mr. RtetiAnusost supported the ad-
dress.

The Marquis of ANGLESEA presented a petition
from the minister, churchwardens, &c., of the parish of
Amlwch against the appropriation of surplus revenues,
arising from the Union, of the sees of Bangor and St.
Asaph, towards the augmentation of bishoprics in England.
Lord ERROL presented a petition from Aberdeen,
praying for Church Extension in Scotland.

the -Duke ofsARGYLE presented a petition to the
same effect.
The Marciitig•of INTE presented a petition from Ayr-
shire and other parts to the same effect.
Lord HADDINGTON presented a petition from 1132r-
wick to the sam4 effect; also a petition from a place in the
county of Oxford against airy alteration in the Corn-laws.

Dr. TAYLOR said that when in France in 1826, the Go-
vernment of that country did their best to increase the
police force there. For the purpose of getting up excuses
for this increase, the Government procured the bodies of
the deceased persons in the " Hotel Dieu," and had them
paraded in the " Morgue," or Dead-house, with se-
veral stabs in their persons, and gave out that they were
persons who had been murdered in the streets of Paris
during night. This they did to create a necessity for the
police. He was one cf a Committee appointed to watch
over this conduct of Government, and never was there
any outbreak but what had been produced by Govern-
ment through disguised policemen. This line of conduct
would be adopted here, and he only hoped that the same
result would attend it. That if the Government measure,
so contrary to the custom of the constitution of this
country be attempted to be enforced, there was no doubt
but that the three glorious days of July might be enacted,
and if such should unfortunately occur, woe to those who
who would be the occasion of making this great people
rise in opposition to the infraction of their rights.
Mr. Isleesom and Mr. PITKRATHLEY supported the ad-
dress. The latter gentleman read a letter from Ashton
and Mansfield, which stated that the Government was
already organizing the rural police force, having sent down
to that neighbourhood forty of the London police, who
employed their time in breaking windows, and instructing
the youth in pelting each other with snow-balls.
Mr. CARPENTRR said that the address should also be
directed to the people of the seven counties which the
new Police Bill took in with its enactments—namely,
Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, Sussex, Berkshire, Bedford-
shire, and Buckinghamshire. It was evident it was only
the first step to the introduction of the rural police through
the country, from the fact of striving to subject these
counties to its horrid influence. He was glad that this
Bill was brought forward, as it would tend to arouse the
country to a sense of what was their duty.—( Hear. )
Dr. M'DowELL seconded the suggestions of Mr. Car-
penter. He said that if a rural police should be introduced,
Scotland would not submit to it. They would repeal the
Union which bad subsisted between it and England, if any
attempt should be made to encroach on their remaining
liberties. —( Hear.)
Dr. FLETenza would not recommend the use of dag-
gers against the police, as Dr. M'Dowell had, but to have
always in their hands a loaded bludgeon, and if any of
those kind of soldiers of the Government, for soldiers they
really were, should attempt to molest the person of one of
the subjects of the realm, let him use that bludgeon in a
manner that should not require a second blow to do its
work effectually.—(Hear, hear, and loud cheers.) He
concluded a long address by solemnly saying, That if re-
sistence is necessary to oppose the Rural Police Bill, Rs-
SISTENCE THERE WILL BE.--( Long andcontinned cheering. )
Mr. SANKEY then replied, and said he would be happy to
adopt Mr. Carpenter's suggestion to withdraw his address.
He then went over the Bill, and showed from it there were
twenty new crimes created, of which the whole superin-
tendence was given to the police.
The address was then ordered to be re-committed.
The meeting dissolved at three o'clock in order to make
preparations for the dinner to Mr. Frost.

THE MAILS.—STEAM CONVEYANCE TO
AMERICA.—We, are extremely happy to learn that her Ma-
jesty's Government have entered into a contract for con-
veying the mails, by large and powerful steam-vessels,
from Liverpool to Halifax, and thence by branch steamers
to Boston, and in the summer to Quebec. The mercan-
tile interests, not only in the North American colonies, but
also in the United States, will be gratified to learn that,
instead of a monthly communication as formerly, steamers
will now be despatched on the Ist and 15th of each
month. The enterprising contractor has engaged with
those able and scientific builders, Messrs. Wood, at Port
Glasgow, to build three ships of 1,000 tons each, in which
Robert Napier, Esq., is to place engines of 400 horse
power. From the past success of Messrs. Wood and
Napier, we doubt not when these vessels are on their sta-
tion, in April, 1840, they will be quite unrivalled ;
and, moreover, that the acute observation of " Sam
Slick," that " the route via Halifax is the shortest way to
New York," will be verified to demonstration.— Gasgow
Courier.

CURIOUS CASE.—At the Moot Hall, Colches-
ter, on Monday, Mr. Samuel Powell was summoned for
nine shillings' arrears of church rates. Mr. Powell pleaded
that be had tendered the money on the overseer's demand
being made. The overseer said that the defendant offered
to pay him in farthings, and as that was not a legal tender
he refused to accept them. The defendant contended that
ii was a legal tender, being the current coin of the realm.
On a reference to the 56th Gco. 111., cap. 68, it was dis-
covered that no other money than silver was a legal tender
under forty shillings, and none but gold above that sum.
The defendant was ordered to pay the rate and costs.
Chelmsford Chronicle.
EXTRAORDINARY SALE OF HARDWOOD.--ft
There was sold on Tuesday, by Mr. George Wilson, of
Blackball, auctioneer, at Drydgn, the property of George
_Mercer, Esq., four plane-trees, which brought the sum of
771. sterling; a price, we believe, that has never been ob-
tained in Scotland before for trees of the same description.
The wood was purchased for the purposes of machinery.—
Scotsman.

Carli❑ Sunday was celebrated after the usual
annual custom, at the Hole-in-the-Wall, Fleet-street,
where upwards of 12 bushels of grey peas were prepared
for men of the North. The origin of this singular feast is
as follows :—Many years since a battle was fought at New-
castle, when the inhabitants were on the eve of starvation,
a vessel entered the port (on the fifth Sunday in Lent)
filled with gray peas, which were fried in oil, and thus
saved the lives of several thousand persons.

THE SUN, LONDON, TUESDAY, MARCH 19, 1839.

risoned for three months. He knew they had committed
a grave offence—he had always said it was a grave offence,
and had always differed from those who had treated
it as no offence at all. But they had been
heavily punished, and he trusted mercy would be
extended to them. He had made anxious inquiry
of those who had communicated with them, and
was assured that if they were released, there would be no
expression of an unreasonable nature—nothing but an
expression of gratitude for the mercy shown to them.
CRIME IN IRELAND.

The Marquis of NORMAN—BY wished to ask the
Noble Lord opposite (Lord Roden) in what shape the
motion, of which he had given notice for Thursday, would
be brought forward.
Earl RODEN said his intention was to move for a Com-
mittee of Inquiry with respect to crime, and the cause of
crime in Ireland.
POST-OFFICE REFORM.
Lord BROUGHAM presented a Fetition from Chel-
tenham, praying their Lordships to adopt Mr. R. Hill's
plan for the reduction of the rate of postage.
The Duke of RICHMOND presented a similar petition
from Huntingdon, in Sussex, and observed that he had
ever been or opinicn that the rate of postage ought to be
reduced if it was wished to keep up the Post-office reve-
nue; but he bad not had time to read the voluminous re-
port of the Committee of the other House, and therefore
could not pledge himself to an opinion as to whether Mr.
R. Hill's plan might or might not be carried into execu-
tion.

CHURCH EXTENSION (SCOTLAND).
Lord BROUGHAM said, he bad now to present this
rather unfortunate petition from Glasgow.—( A laugh.)
He meant as regarded himself only; but he found it was a
very important one, and upon examining it he observed it
was signed by 40,587 individuals.
The Duke of RICHMOND.—If the Noble and Learned
Lord had only read the outside of the petition he would
have seen it related to Church Extension.
Lord BR 0 UG H AM did not like reading the outside of
things. lie always looked at the inside.—( Hear, and
laughter.) The petitioners strongly urged their Lord-
ships not to grant any additional endowment to the Church
of Scotland, and stated that the declaration of the Noble
Viscount at the head of the Government, that it was not
intended to make any such proposition on that subject
would give great satisfaction to the country.
The Earl of ABERDEEN said the Noble Viscount
must have held different language at different times, if the
petitioners were correct, because he had given a positive
pledge that acme proposition with regard to granting
money would be made in the course of this Session.
Lcrd MELBOURNE said that all lie had stated was
that the Government had not come to a determination to
make any proposition on the subject.
Lord STANHOPE had a petition to present upon a
subject of much importance, and seeing the Noble and
Learned Lord opposite he would take that opportunity of
stating his belief that among the marry hundreds of peti-
tions which the Noble and Learned Lord had presented on
the question of negro slavery, there would be some in de-
molition of white slavery, and no doubt some in favour of
the abolition of the New Poor•law Bill. The petition he
had to present was from the parish of Ruringfield, in Suf-
folk, against any alteration in the Corn-laws.—( Laughter.)
Lord BROUGHAM must tell his Noble Friend
that he must not lay the flattering unction to his
soul, that any of the petitions he had presented were
against the New Poor-law, he bad never but in one in-
stance presented any petition to the House but what had
been examined, and an abstract made from it ; but in 99
out of 100 cases, he opened the petition and read the
prayer of it from the petition ; accordingly it went through
three processes, it was examined and an abstract made, it
was read by him at the table, and was afterwards read by
the clerk at the table—how then could there be any mis-
take ? He had presented many petitions in favour of the
Poor-laws from persons of good and sound judgment.—
( Laughter. ) . _

Earl STANHOPE presented a petition from a person
in Huddersfield (as we understood), stating that be was
91 years of age, that for upwards of 50 rears he bad con-
tributed to the poor-rates—that up to a late period he was
in the receipt of 4s. per week from the parish to which he
belonged, but it coming to the cars of the guardians of the
Union, they, acting under the directon of the dic-
tators of Somerset-house, reduced that allowance to 2s.
Even a Poor-law Commissioner or his Deputy could
scarcely expect a man arrived at such an age to be
able to work ; he was not, and accordingly his goods
were seized, and he and his aged-partner were compelled to
go into the confinement of the workhouse. He had been
a religious man ell his life, and now complained that he
was deprived of the liberty of attending the worship of
God, in his own holy temple,—he was unaccused of any
crime, yet he was imprisoned, he was separated from his
wife, and he prayed for the restoration of the system,
under which the old Poor-laws were administered.
Lord E LLENBOROUGH considered that there must
be a great deal of misrepresentation in the state-
ments of the petition which had jut been presented.
There was one undoubtedly, for the Commissioners had
nothing whatever to do with the case. It entirely rested
with the Board of Guardians in the country, he had no
doubt that upon investigation, it would be found out, that
the poor old man, had relatives who would in some way
be enabled to assist him, and that what was given by the
Board of Guardians was merely given in aid of that assistance.
He trusted that there were some feelings of humanity pre-
valent amongst the Boards of Guardians, and that in par-
ticular cases of distress they would not think themselves
bound by the general rules.
Earl STAN HOPE begged it to be understood that he did
not rest his hostility to the New Poor-law on the ground of
individual cases of hardship. It was on account of its
general character that he opposed it. He had no doubt
that in the present instance the Guardians had acted ac-
cording to law. He relied, however, upon the statements
of the petitions, as they came from an individual of the
highest respectability, for whom he had the highest regard.
Lord BROUGHAM hoped that the Noble Earl would
have no objection to send a copy of the complaints that
were made against " the three dictators of Somerset
House," as the Noble Earl had been pleased to call them
—(Laughter)—but who were in reality three most worthy,
most honourable, most laborious individuals, who spared no
pains to effect a proper discharge of the very responsible,
but by no means agreeable duties which they had to perform.
He could assure their Lordships that where a charge in which
the Poor Law Commissioners were accused, or a charge
in which they were implicated was brought forward, they
presented every detail with a most searching inquiry. If
the Commissioners were implicated in this case, they
would court inquiry—if the Board of Guardians only were
implicated they must exculpate themselves.
Earl STANHOPE thought those three most worthy,
most honourable men were working like moles in the dark.
Surely they must have seen the late accounts of hardship
and oppression of the poor which had appeared in the
newspapers, and which it was impossible for any person not
devoid of the natural sympathies of mankind, to look at
without feelings of horror and indignation,
Lord BROUGHAM would make a very fair, and
a very respectful proposition to the Noble Earl. Indeed
he would challenge him to adopt it. Let him give notice
of a motion that he should bring forward all the charges
that be could collect, supported by real names, against the
Poor-law Commissioners, and then he (Lord B.) would un-
dertake to meet his Noble Friend on behalf of the Com-
missioners, as he did last year. Here he (Lord Brougham)
could not help remarking, though he could not imagine
what the reason might be, that his Noble Friend was not
quite so ready to meet him (Lord Brougham) as he was
last year.—(Laughter, and hear, hear.)
Earl STANHOPE begged leave to assure his Noble
Friend, that he was quite as ready to meet him as ever.
He would not trouble their Lordships with a vast package
of complaints that were in his possossion, but he would
give notice that he should move for copies of the corre-
spondence that may have taken place between the Poor-
law Commissioners and others, respecting the cases of A,
B, and C, &c. He should give names hereafter.
Lord BROUGHAM had no objection to this.,
Earl STANHOPE now said that he should much pre-
fer that cases were investigated in the precise and quick
manner pursued in courts of law, instead of in the dila-
tory, digressive, indeterminate, vexatious, ineffective, and
inconclusive mode adopted in a Committee. He (Earl
Stanhope) wasted much time in the Committee of last
year, and he found that instead of exploring truth, the
Members were desirous of making those witnesses, who
gave
and confute
opinions
con
t.
e themselves.
e t
o the New Poor-law, to con-
found Lord WHARNCLIFFE, as a member of the Com-
mittee, said that the witnesses were merely cross-examined.
He admitted that cross-examination was sometimes
not a very agreeable operation. Respecting the petition
presented by the Noble Earl, he (Lord Wharncliffe begged
to remind their Lordships that the Duke of Portland was
Chairman of the Board of Guardians of that Union,
which was near Sheffield. He was sure no one would
think the Noble Duke likely to encourage inhumane treat-
ment of the poor.—( Hear.)
The Duke of RICHMOND, another member of the
Committee, assured their Lordships that their conduct had
been perfectly correct. He would also remind their Lord-
ships that in cases similar to that complainedof, that the
Ma-
gistrates could not order the oversee
Now they would be re-
lievedw h they were
new system wss better than the old, forrs
tfoorrmeetirelvyetpheersens
in
not belonging to the parish.
pleLeeoridn
if they belonged to the Union
in which
frCorn-
laws.
distress.—( Hear.)
NY; Yorkshire, LagiaFinFsEt apnryeseanitteerdation a

IRISH POOR-LAWS.
Lord MOUNTCASHEL complained that it was still
found that in Ireland, a person who had property in several
electoral divisions could vote for the election of Guardians
in only one. He asked how soon should that injustice
be removed ?
Lord DUNC ANNON said it bad been already removed.
The Irish Poor-law Act, as amended, received the Royal
Assent last Friday. Henceforward a person in that coun-
try should have a vote for the Guardians for each electoral
division in which he should have property.
Lord MOUNTCASHEL presented a petition from a
place in the county of Cork against a repeal of the Corn.
laws. The Noble Earl then proceeded to make a few ob-
servations to their Lordships on this important subject, par.
tieularly as regarded Ireland. He was sorry to perceive the
other night that the Noble Lords who spoke in favour of a re-
peal of the Corn-laws, seemed to throw Ireland overboard
altogether.—(Cries of " No, no.") Ycs, he repeated,
they
appeared to sacrifice Ireland altogether, although
Ireland would be the greatest sufferer if the Corn-laws
were repealed. It was well known that a great portion of
the resources of Ireland were derived from the exportation
of corn and pigs to England.—( Laughter.) Now, if the
Corn-laws were to be repealed, that exportation must be in
a great degree discontinued. The next evil consequence
would be that the sowing of potatoes, which now
manured the land before the sowing of wheat, and
which sustained a great body of the people, would bo
very much diminished. The labourer now in Ireland
worked for Bd. a day, and could scarcely procure food
enough for himself and family, but if the Corn-laws were
repealed the supply of potatoes, upon which he now mainly
depended, would be fearfully curtailed, and his wages would
he reduced to 4d., or perhaps 3a , a day. Now he would
leave it to their Lordships to judge how a poor man could

support a wife and children out of such wages ? He would
further remind their Lordships that the estates in Ireland
were generally largely encumbered; besides the interest
cn mortgages the landlords had to pay interest on debts
and jointurs s and other liabilities. It would be impossible,
therefore, for the best and kindest of the landlords to re-
duce their rents, for their engagements must be met. The
same arguments would apply, in a great degree, to the
landlords in England ; but he (Lord M.) was really per-
suaded in the long run that the manufacturers would
lose more than the landed interest, for their own
market would be ruined. According to Mr. INl`Queen,
that eminent statistician, the whole annual value of the
manufactures in this country were 272,000,0001., this was
proved by the returns in 1838. The whole value of the
the exports from this aggregate was 43,000,006/,, the rest
was consumed at home. It was therefore clear that the
home market was by far the most important to the manu-
facturers. Now the principal consumers were the land-
owners, the farmers, and labourers—he would beg of them
not to impoverish those by a repeal of the Corn-laws. In
another point of view he would state that the manufacturer
would be more rapidly ruined by a repeal of the Corn-
laws than the landowner, because it would be much more
easy to strike a doquet of bankruptcy against a manufac-
turer than to compel a landlord to sell his estate. Now
the whole of the landed property in Great Britain and
Ireland was worth 3,258,000,000/. Suppose that the
Corn-laws would diminish the value of rents by one-third,
and taking the estimate at twenty years' purchase, more than
1,000,000,000/. of property in land would be destroyed,
an amount that was 200,000,0001. more than the national
debt. Further, ho would remind their Lordships that we
were the bankers of the world. Now was it not probable
that in the event of of a repeal of the Corn-laws, the mul.
tititude of foreigners, now fundholders in this country,
would sell out their stock and invest their money
elscwin re, thereby producing a heavy fall in our
funds ? There would also be a vast diminution in
in the use of all exciseable produce, arid he was sure
at last that the Ministers would not have revenue
enough, not only to pay the interest on the national debt,
but also the expenses necessary for the support of our in-
stitutions. The Government would then be reduced to
the very serious dilemma of having to impose additional
taxes, or to raise money by loans. Now if we could not
raise corn enough at home, he thought we ought to en.
courage our North American colonies to raise cum for us.
The duty upon corn coming from that country was, as the
law now stood, 6s. a quarter, until the price reached 675.
Now he n.ould suggest that it would be politic to re-
duce.this duty to Is. ; this measure would strengthen the
union between us and the colonies ; it would stimulate
them to cnitivate corn, and would ensure us a safer supply
than we could ensure from foreign countries.
Viscount GAGE presented a petition from the Guar-
dians of a Union in Oxford, complaining that the manner
in which the mother of an illegitimate child was obliged
by the Poor-law Amendment Act to swear to its paternity
in a public Court of Session, was exceedingly cruel and
degrading, and praying that a Bill might be passed autho-
rising Magistrates in Petty Sessions to make an order on
the father of an illegitimate child, and commit him to prison
in case he should not comply with it.
Their Lordships then adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, iIIARcH 18.

The gallery was not opened till Half-past Four o'clock,
in consequence of the notice of Lord Barrington for a Call
of the House. The Noble Lord withdrew his motion.
Lord GEORGE LENNOX presented two petitions
from parishes in Sussex against any repeal of the Corn-
laws.

Mr. LUCAS, presented a petition from Ulster, praying
that Presbyterian soldiers might have an opportunity of
attending chapels of their own persuasion.
Mr. G. E VANS presented petitions from Limerick,
against any alteration of the Corn-laws. Also, a petition
from Dublin, in favour of the vote by Ballot.
Mr. LOCKHA RT presented a petition from Renfrew,
against any alteration in the Corn-laws. _

—Mr. JONES presented petitions from Carmarthen, to
the same effect.

Lord A. LENNOX presented petitions from Chichester,
against the Ecclesiastical Duties and Revenues Bill.
Mr. Alderman THOMPSON presented a petition from
the City of London, against the Metropolitan Police Bill.
Mr. BRINE S presented a petition from the West Riding
of York, against the Beer Bill.

Mr. WILSON PATTEN presented a similar petition
from Lancaster.

Mr. PEASE presented a petition from the North
Riding of the county of York against any repeal of the
Corn-laws.

Mr. BLENNE RITA SSETT presented a petition from
the Grard Jury of the county of Kerry, in favour of the
existing Corn-laws.

Sir G. STRICKLAND presented a petition from the
West Riding of the county of York in favour of the Local
Courts Bill.

Mr. SMITH O'BRIEN presented two petitions from
Limerick praying for the full benefits of the Union.
Mr. MARK PHILLIPS presented petitions from
Manchester against the Highways Bill.
Col. PERCEVAL presented petitions from Ro.com-
mcn against any grant for National Education in Ireland.
Also petitions from different parts of Ireland in favour of
the promotion of Railroads in that country.
Captain EGERTON presented a petition from Chester
against any repeal of the Corn-laws.

Mr. GOULBURN presented a petition from the
University of Cambridge against the Ecclesiastical Duties
and Revenues Bill.

Mr. WALLACE presented a petition from the Cham-
ber of Commerce of Edinburgh, and a place in Fife, in fa-
vour of Mr. Rowland Hill's Postage plan.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL presented a petition from
Stroud, praying for an alteration in the Act for the sale of
Beer.

Mr. F. FRENCH presented a petition from certain
landowners of Connaught, praying that the benefit of rail-
way communication might be extended to that province.
Lord MAHON presented a petition from Hereford
against any alteration in the Corn-laws. '

—Mr. L BOI.TCHERE presented a petition from a
newspaper proprietor of Somerset, praying that he might
not be compelled to insert advertisements relative to insol-
vent debtors at a low rate.

Sir B. HALL brought in the Marylebone Gas Bill,
which was read a first time.

IMPRESSMENT.
Mr. HORSMAN gave notice that he would, after
Easter, call the attention of the House to the subject of
Impressment.
LOSS OF TIMBER SHIPS.
Mr. PALMER gave notice that he would on Thursday
move the appointment of a Committee to inquire into the
losses of timber ships. He st4.ed that he frP V t"— Urdsouse
in concurrence with the Government.
TAXES UPON LAND.
Mr. BAINES gave notice of a motion fer returns,
showing the amount of taxes paid by owners and occupiers
of land, as such, in the year 1838; and showing the pro-
portion those taxes bore to the general burdens of the
country.

Mr: GIL LON gave notice that he would move for a
return of the amount of Post-office duty paid from January,
1838, to January, 1839,

EXCHEQUER BILLS.

Mr. HU\IE gave notice that he would move for returns,
showing the annual issue of Exchequer Bills for public
works, from the first establishment of the office to the
present period—showing the amount issued and the amount
repaid in each year—the amount of interest paid to the
Commissioners, and the amount paid by the Government—
in order to ascertain how far the issue of such Bills had
been profitable or otherwise to the country.
PERSONS IN CONFINEMENT FOR CON-
TEMPT, OR FOR REVENUE OFFENCES.
The 'fox. MEMBER also gave notice that he would move
for returns of the number of persons confined for con-
tempt in any of her Majesty's gaols in England and
Wales, and a similar return for Ireland. And returns of
all persons now confined in any of her Majesty's Gaols,
or in any of the Houses of Correction, for offences against
the Revenue Laws, distinguishing the number of
offences, and the amount of the penalties inflicted.
Mr. GOULB URN said that certain papers on the
table, relative to West India affairs, were confined to the
reports of the special magistrates. He was anxious to
know whether other reports had been transmitted.
Mr. L A BOUCHERE said that the papers laid
on the table on Friday last comprised in substance
the whole of the communications from the West Indies.
Some correspondence had been received from Mr. Burge,
and no objection would be made to its production if any
Hon- Member moved for it.
