j(Frona the Star of Brunswick of Saturday, March 7.)

We made arrangements for laying before the Irish public the
first intelligence of the momentous proceedings which occurred
in the [louse of Commons on Thursday eight. For this purpose
a person travelled the whole way from London to I iverpool, by
Express, to our Newspaper Agent there, Mr. Willmer. A
steam-vessel was specially engaged by the Proprietor of this Jour-
nal, to sail the moment the despatch arrived, and a gentleman
from this office was in attendance to take charge of the packet,
with which he has this moment, ten o'clock, A.M., arrived. We
should be ungrateful did we not acknowledge the liberality of the
City of Dublin Steam Packet Company, and the kindness admit
Agent, Mr. Perry, who, in the most handsome manner, places;
a vessel at our disposal ; and it would be unjust did we not ad-
init that we take our report from the Third Edition of The Sues
Newspaper, assisted by the notes of our special Parliamentary
Reporter.

(From the Dublin Morning Register of Tuesday, March 13.)
Tim LONDON PRI394.—For a considerable time The Sun. News-
paper has acquired a distinguished reputation for its extraordi-
nary exertions in the early publication of parliamentary proceed.
ings, or questions of great national interest i and we have haci
more than once to compliment this public spirited Journal for its
invaluableand successful efforts. We now have to notice what
we regard as unparalleled in the annals of Newspapers--we mean
the publication and despatch of Mr. Peel's speech on Thur,csl•
night, in the Third Edition of The Sun. Mr. Peel did net Sou
elude until a quarter-past ten o'clock. The speech was printe4
in The Sun, to the extent of seven columns, at a quartet to
twelve ; and, by the aid of special Expresses, and the fitonspt and
well-arranged measures of Mr. Willmer, our Liverpool Agent„
we received the speech at half-past eleven on Saturday morning.
We were thus enabled to give the speech of Mr. Peel in a Se-
cond Edition of the Weekly Register, and it was printed in five
thousand copies of that Journal, the remainder of our number
having been previously struck off and published. The prompts-
tude and activity of Mr. %Vintner, in forwarding the dcspalea
from Liverpool, are well deserving of our best commendation,

MUSICAL MOVEMENTS.—Madame CARA-
DORI sang on Monday and Friday last at the Liverpool
Conc,rts, with great success. This week she will be in
Dublin, the next at Belfast, and in the middle of next
month she is to resume her professional employments in
London.

ACCIDENT AT DRURY-LANE THEATRE.-
Last night, soon after ten o'clock, during the latter part
of the gymnastic performances of the two Frenchmen (Les
Alcides), Messieures MANens and DARAS, when the
taller of the two had fastened himself to a pole fixed per..
pendiculaily in the centre of the stage by his feet, while
his companion held fast by his hands; the pole being
made to revolve rapidly by a sort of windlass, the parties
were in the act of being hurled round with a fearful ve-
locity, when the bottom pin of the centre pole gave way
in a slanting direction, which caused the pole to strike an
upright, that forced itself through a trap, when the pole
became loosened, and Monsieur DARAS was precipitated
from it to the stage, a distance of nearly fifteen feet.
Monsieur MANCHE continued to suspenti himself by his
feet,_whivh.-AVere,liatil.in the &William* to the firmest
pati;4,the.po; cry of terror' pervaded the whole of
(he audience when the accident occurred, which, however,
was ante(' on their hearing tliat the edveuturouti foreigners
hart fortunately sustained no serious injury.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.
(Worn the Moniteur of Saturday, April 25. )

The official part of the Moniteur contains two
'Royal Ordinances :
" Charles, &c.

" I. Our Cousin, the Duke de Laval Montrno?
rency, Peer of France, Minister of State, and Member
of our Privy Council, is appointed Minister Secret
tary of State for the Department of Foreign Affairi;
in the room of the Comte de la Ferronays, ♦whose re-
s'gnation Ive have accepted."
" Charles, &c. _

" 2. The Comte de la Ferrottays, Peer of France;
is appointed Minister of State and Member of our
Privy Council."
These Ordinances are both dated April 24, and:
addressed in the usual form to the Keeper of the
Seals.

[The Messager des Chanibres of Saturday, and
the Gazette de France, dated Sunday, contain no
foreign news.]
(From the Courier Francais of Saturday.)

PARIS, APRIL 24.—N0 one can suppose that the
elevation of the Due de Laval to the department of
Foreign Affairs can be intended as definitive. The
most that can be supposed is, that his continuance
in office will be of the same duration as that of the
present Minister, which, perhaps, is not foretelling a
long teign.
Many of those who are willing to do justice to
the private qualities of the Due de Laval think that
he would have refused the office, but for a singlar
complication of interests. They make this presump-
tion on the ground of his incapacity of speaking in
the Chamber, and of giving any explanation with
respect to the office which he has accepted.
After every thing that has transpired as to the
previous intentions of M. de Chateaubriand, it is
asked what will he think of this new Leader,
who was his predecessor at Rome ? Aad what
will he decide as to his own position ? They also
ask whether at the expiration of the leave of absence,
which he has obtained, he will consent to return to
that city, or have some compensation in its stead ?
As to the rest, if the Due de Laval accepts the
office of M. de la Ferronays, he will be of no sort of
strength to the present Ministry ; he has taken no
part in our assemblies, nor in any way distinguished
himself in public. His three Embassies were only
given to him on account of his name, and merely
afforded three ordinary occasions, without any po-
litical consequences. He will leave things and
parties, both at home and abroad, in that slatu quo
of which he took some lessons from Prince Metter-
nich, while at Vienna.
This is not what France expects. Who would
have imagined that a Minister, who wants so much
moral and auxiliary power to supply his own defi-
ciency, would have confided the direction of our
foreign affairs to such public hands, in the midst of
the fresh storms which are making their appearance
in the Mediterranean and in the East ?
(From the Journal des Debats of Szturday.)

PARIS, APRIL 24.—The Due de Laval is named
the successor of M. de la Ferronays. After all the
doubts and all the rumours that have agitated the
public, the name of M. de Laval has at length been
chosen.
Great is the surprise of France at this election,
and still greater, we believe, will be that of our Am-
bassador, when the news shall reach Vienna.
M. de Laval is a man of great moderation and
modesty; he has identified himself with no party or
coteries; for this reason we think that he will find
his office too laborious in these dangerous times,
and under a Minister already old.
The position of the Minister has become very
embarrassing. Certain hostility on one side or the
other of the Chamber at home, and the imminent
approach of events which .may derange the whole
equilibrium of Europe abroad, serve to render it so;
and it requires more than ordinary courage and zeal
to accept a responsible part in the Government of

France:
Will not these considerations press themselves
upon a de Laval ? And if to these are added the
scruples to which his modesty will give rise, and the
fear of not being sufficiently strong for such a re.
sponsibility, may it not be presumed that he will not
risk the changing his title of Ambassador to a great
Power for the uncertain office of Minister in a Ca-
binet which has not the power to do as it pleases ?
If, however, contrary to our surmises, he should
accept the office, he cannot be here before the 15th
May, so that we should have another prolonged in-
terim of some weeks.
If M. de Laval should refuse, it will give rise to
fresh embarrassments, and this Portfolio must revert
to Nl.Portalis, who will then have the responsibility
of two weighty offices.
This state of things must give rise to disquiet.
Russia organising in silence immense armaments,
and England freeing herself from the enormous
weight of religious slavery in Ireland, are circum-
stances sufficient to disturb our foreign relations,
while without a Minister to represent and carry into
effect our future policy.
We do not wish to be prophets of evil, but the
appro::ching epoch is full of uncertainty, and it needs
no great wisdom to foresee that the face of Europe
may change at a stroke. If such an event should
take us by surprise in the middle of the interim of
which we just spoke, what shall we do ? This
question is sufficient to explain our surprise, and even
our inquietude, at seeing the choice fall on a man—
honourable, but whose election still leaves open the
eternal question of an interim.
The Chamber of Deputies, in its sitting of the
24th of April, agreed to the " Projet de Loi," con-
cerning the Peerage Pensions. The numbers were
—ln favour of the Bill, 217 ; Against it, 127 ;
Majority, 90.
FRENCH FUNDS, APRIL 25. —Rentes Five per Cents.
107 f. 80c. ; Three per Cents. '79f. 40c. 35c. ; Bank Shares,
1850 f.
Folincx FUNDS.—Neapolitan Rentes, Cert. Fal. 81f.
60c. 35c. ; Royal Spanish I oan, self. Interminab'e
Spanish Annuities, 54i i; Hayden Loan, 497 f. 50c. 480 f.
