rliti
47,
131%,

LONDON,
SATURDAY EVENING, MARCH 22, 1834.

Lord GREY presented a petition last night
to the House of Lords, from upwards of sixty
members of the University of Cambridge, in
favour of the claims of the Dissenters, praying
that they might be permitted to take degrees
at the University in law, physic, and divinity,
without having religious tests exacted from them.
His Lordship, in an eloquent and impressive
speech, commented on the petition with the
respect which its importance deserves ; and
dwelt particularly on the fact, that from its
temperate and enlightened character, and the
number and respectability of its signatures,
comprising the names of some of the most
eminent professors at the university, it deserved
the most marked attention of their lordships.

The Duke of WELLINGTON replied to Earl
GREY. His Grace made a desperate, headlong
plunge into theology on the occasion, and after
entering learnedly and at some length, into the
subject, having previously declared his utter in-
capacity to deal with it, attempted to rouse the
devotional apprehensions of the Bishops by
boldly declaring that " complete Atheists" were
to he found in the ranks of the Dissenters.
Atheists indeed ! If such frantic fools are any
where to be met with, we can tell his Grace that
they are much more likely to be found within,
than without, the pale of the church ! The
very phrase " dissent" implies the opposite of
" Atheism." For why did people originally
dissent, why do they still continue to dissent,
from the church ? Simply froth conscientious
motives—simply because they were dissatisfied
with its lukewarmness, its corruptions, its
intolerance, its shameless system of court
favouritism, its strenuous upholding of plu-
ralities. It is not among Dissenters then that
Atheism is to be looked for. From the uncom-
promising nature of his Grace's speech, we sus-
pect he has been ear-wigged by some sly bishop
or other. The word " Atheism" is a favourite
phrase in an episcopal mouth. It is the old
form of episcopal fulmination—the invariable
anathema launched by all high churchmen against
the impertinently inquisitive.
The LORD CHANCELLOR'S reply to the
Duke of WELLINGTON was characterized by
his usual powers of argument and caustic
humour. It is a thousand pities that, as one
field marshal was present to deliver his opinions

upon a church question, another field marshal
(the Chancellor of the University of Dublin)
was not present also. Two such refulgent
theological luminaries could not fail to have
dazzled and bewildered all who heard them.

The Ordnance Estimates were last night voted
after a desultory discussion. The saving for
this year is about 80,0001., and the reduction in
this department since the present Ministry came
into office amounts to 335,00 d/. Some of Mr.
HumE's objections to the ordnance estimates
are better founded than those he adduced against
the estimates for the navy and army. In a time
of profound peace, and when there is hardly a
possibility for any considerable portion of the
army being engaged in war, we can see no use
for supplying year after year such an amount
of perishable stores. The only solid objec-
tion is the increase of price which would
instantaneously follow a sudden demand, but
that would not amount to a tenth part of the
expense of keeping up these stores for even five
years, and the longer peace continued the ex-
pense would be proportionably less. With the
resources of this country, and the command of
machinery, any troops that might be required
for an expedition could be equipped in reason-
able time. Objection has been raised to the vast
number of barracks throughout the country, but
if we are to keep up an army, barracks are
absolutely necessary, not only as regards the
comforts and moral habits of the men, but the
convenience of the inhabitants on whom soldiers
are billetted. The bad habits acquired by the
Guards from residing among the lanes and
population of Westminster, have contributed in
no small degree to the severity of punishment so
justly reprobated.

Both Houses meet this afternoon for the pur-
pose of expediting the Mutiny Bill, and the
Pensions Duties Bill, in order that they may
receive the royal assent on Wednesday, along
with other bills that have passed both houses.

The Order in Council just issued, for a more
equal distribution of prize money among sailors,
will give general satisfaction, as far as it goes.
Many, probably, will think that it ought to
have gone further ; and that the flag officers and
captains' shares should have been curtailed a little
more for the benefit of the hard working crew. As
it is, however, the change is very considerable,
and will be hailed by that class as a proof that
the Lords of the Admiralty, in the alterations
which they have introduced, have not forgotten
those on whose exertions and bravery the safety
of our fleets, and the independence of the
country, so materially depend. According to a
statement of Sir JAMES GRAHAM, on a former
evening, the share of the common seaman will
be trebled, and the shares of all those between
him and the captain more or less increased,
by reducing the shares of the superior offi-
cers. Formerly the flag officers and captains
received two eighths or one fourth of the whole
prize, and the remainder was appropriated in
fractional portions to each class collectively.
By the new regulation the admiral, or flag-
officer, will receive one sixteenth of the whole,
and the captain one sixth, the remaining sum
to be distributed in specific shares to each indi-
vidual of the several classes. The difference will
stand thus—supposing the prize valued at
1,200,0001., the flag-officers and captains would
receive, according to the old plan, 300,0001.
Now they will receive 262,5001. (namely, the ad-
miral, 75,0001., and the captains 187,500/.0
leaving a surplus of 37,5001. over and above
the former shares, to be distributed among the
inferior officers and men. We hope a similar
regulation will be adopted in the army.

The French papers of Thursday are still oc-
cupied with the discussion on the Associations
law, which gives rise to much invective on both
sides of the Chamber ; but the Government is
strong enough to reject all the amendments
proposed. The news from Spain in these pa-
pers is very inconclusive. The Carlist " crisis"
was said to be near at hand, if it have not
already commenced. Meantime the QUEEN'S
troops maintain the ascendancy.

FRENCH FUNDS.—Pbars, MARCH 20.
Five per Cents., 10.1. f. 80c.
Three per Cents., 78f. 6bc. 55c.
Rente de Naples, 941. 70e.
Roman Five per Cents., 95,/i.
Rente d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 273.
Rente d'Espagne, Three per Cents., 413 g.
Royal Spanish Loan, 8144.
Rente Perpet. d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 66
Belgian Loan, 16.31, Five per Cents , 100%.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, —f. —c. ; money, 25f. 25c.
Three months, paper, —f. —c. ; money, 25f. 1234 c.
—Cour, Authentique.

Brussels papers, of the 20th inst., inform us
that the health of the young PRINCE-ROYAL,
who had been suffering from an " alarming
catarrhal affection," was more satisfactory. It
appears that a portion of the Belgian army has
been affected with opthalmia, which, in a great
measure, has been caused by the pressure of the
neck by the cut of the uniforms. This defect
is to be immediately remedied, and the uniform
made similar to that of the French. The Bel-
gian Chambers were going on with the debate
tohne the
aßt
eu dge ;
and
the
whicha
ironhs beenagreed
rail-road
ocet occupied
tot iy
thel
Chamber of Representatives.

German papers, received this day, contain
three articles under the heads of Vienna, Ber-
lin, and Constantinople, which evidently breathe
the same spirit, and seem to have been dictated
by the same influence. That from Vienna says,
that the conduct of Switzerland with respect to
the poor Poles excites great anxiety, and that
strong measures must be resorted to, unless
Switzerland consents to expel the wretched re-
fugees from its territories. The article from
Berlin is directed against the "self-styled Ger-
manic popular assembly at Paris"—while the
Constantinople manifesto is directed against
France and England for daring to interfere be-
tween Russia and the Porte, in regard to the
late treaty. The article concludes with the fol-
lowing insolent remarks :--
. •

.6 It was not a memorial, but a note, which the British Am-
bassador presented to the Porte at the beginning of the month
relative to the treaty with Russia. The French Ambassador
presented a similar remonstrance, even more moderate than
that of the British representative. It is not known what the
Porte will do ; it is supposed, however, as heretofore, the Otto-
man Government will declare its regrets, not being able to
comply with the wishes of the two maritime powers, and retract
engagements that have been solemnly contracted. This is all
that can be said. It then remains to England and France to

take it ill, or to allow things that are accomplished to remain so.
Prudence will, doubtless, suggest the latter course. It is still
singular to see France and England, whose interests are so
opposite, solemnly united against the advancement of Russia.
We think it will only tend to strengthen the Porte's reliance
on the cabinet of St. Petersburgh. In the seraglio there is,
before all things, a respect for power, and this will be shown to
Russia in proportion to the apprehension she inspires. The
old traditions relative to the light hair that is one day to put an
end to thp Ottoman Empire have lost their influence. They are
forgotten, or no longer applied to Russia, who was a friend in
need. The same prejudice exists,in Europe against red hair.
An old Turkish proverb says " trust not the red." Rein-
forcements of the British station at Malta are spoken of. We
heard of such even before, but they lead to no result. No
power has cause to dread a war so much as England ; any war
would be European, and would soon be changed from a war
of interests into one of principles.

. -
VIENNA, MARCH 11.—Five per Cent. Mettalliques 97 11.16 ;
ditto Four per Cent. ditto, 88 % ; Bank Actions, 1250.--
4111gemeine Zeitung, March 16.

SOCIETY OF BRITISH ARTISTS.

We were this morning favoured with a private view of
this exhibition, and give the following particulars:—

8. RUINS OF CARTllAGE—Linton.—This picture is one of
Linton's happiest efforts; it might be mistaken for one of
Turner's sunshine effects. The same fault may be also ob-
served as in Turner, the use of too much crome yellow. The
shield and spear of Caius Marcus are preposterously large.
18. COAST OF CALAlS—Pyne.—This, although a small
picture, is highly illustrative of how little colour is necessary,
to produce the effect desired; the canvas is barely covered
yet every wish is obtained, and thus far proves Sir Joshua's
words in his lectures, that elaborate painting is " industrious
idleness."

42. TIIE FOREST Poor.—Davis.—The most exquisite piece of
painting of heath, and a picture altogether worthy of the Bri.
tish school—the cattle well grouped and painted.

48. PORTRAIT OF MRS. MAINWARING—Mrs. Carpenter.—
the best portrait in the exhibition, quite new in its style, and
the satin equal to any of the Dutch masters.

59. LACE-MAKER—inskipp.—The face of the girl is extremely
beautiful, and the whole of the figure clearly painted. We
wish he would take more pains with his figures in the distance
—it may be well not to make them important, but at the same
time to give them features.
162. MOORISH TOWER AT SEVlLLE.—Roberts.—Nothing
can be more picturesque than Moorish architecture for a
painter like Roberts; and although it is mostly built of red
brick, yet its surfaces are so much ornamented, that the richest
contrasts of light and shade are produced in this picture. It
has also some of the good Roman style of buildings, with many
columns. All is exceedingly well managed. We do not think
it equal to his " Interior of a Church," No. 315, a picture
possessing the most beautiful chiaro oscuro, putting us in mind
of Rembrandt.

131. HACKNEY COACH—Holmes. —This puts us in mind of the
numerous insults we receive from the drivers of such vehicles.
The low character of the coachman is admirably pourtrayed,
and contrasted with the delicate female who is leaning upon
the arm of her husband, who is in the act of reprimanding his
insolence. The black servant, who is taking the number, gives
great point to the picture.
196. HAIDEE AROUSED FROM TIER TRANCE BY THE SOUND
OF MUSlC—Hurlstone.—This portrait-painter, who is just
rising into eminence, has stepped out of the trammels of por-
traiture, and ventured upon history. The effort has been truly
successful. The wild character of Haidee, who is evidently
just aroused by the harper whom her father has just introduced,
is finely painted. The colouring, generally, is not inferior to
many of the Venetian masters of the time of Tintoretto.
204. TuE WHITE MOUSE—R. Edmonston.—Every lover
of art should look at this picture.
222. A CALM—Wilson.—Although we have the breadth
and general good colouring of this master, he has been careless
—he may feel he has great power in his pencil but he should
remember that there are finished jugdes that look sometimes at
his work.

2'27. FRUlT—Lance.—Equal to his best performance, his
works are too well known to require any further remark.
314. PORTRAIT OF DR. GRAVES—Jerome Goodrich—Pro-
fessor of Homoeopathy.—The sooner he is buried the better,
not only for the sake of the painter, until he can handle the
brush better, but also on account of the absurdity of thesystem
of Homoeopathy.

402. SOUTH PIER AND FORT ROUGE, CALAlS—Pyre.—This
is a beautiful picture, and painted equal to any of his works.
S. Davis has some good pictures of interiors; they want a
little more detail ; a lesson from Roberts would be serviceable,
although we would not wish bins to lose his powerful style.
There are some good minatures by Mrs. J. Robertson, Mr.
Callen, Miss Kendrick, and Mr. Ward.

The sculpture, as a whole, is inferior; but there are one or
two specimens by Seivier which are of a very superior order.
Among them is a monument erected to the memory of the late
Mrs. Palmer, of Ham Common. It represents the spirit on its
ascent to Heaven, carried thither by an angel, while the mortal
relics repose below, and are seen covered with a light drapery,
through which the whole figure is clearly discernible. This
is a great, and, we may add, a novel triumph in art,
to give to marble the effect of a clear transparency. There
is also a bust, by the same artist, of the present Lord Chan-
cellor, which as a likeness is admirable, and as a work of art, is
finished with much skill and taste.

Last night's Gazette contains three import-
ant proclamations. The two first approving a
memorial from the Lords Commissioners of the
Admiralty, for arranging under a more uni.
form system, and equalizing the distribution of
the net proceeds of prizes captured by ships of
war ; the second supplying the scale of the dis-
tribution. The flag-officers, by this arrange-
ment, are to have one-sixteenth part of the
whole net proceeds—Commanders on board to
have one-sixth part of the remainder; and the
rest of the crew to be arranged in ten classes,
whereof the first or senior Lieutenants is to
have fifty-five shares; the tenth, or boys of the
second class, half a share each. Perfect lists of
the crews assisting in a capture are to be sent to
the Admiralty by the Captain or Commander.
The third proclamation in last night's Gazette
announces that adequate provision has been
made for carrying into entire effect the act of
last session for the abolition of slavery, and
declares, that from the first of August next it
shall be utterly abolished, and proclaimed un-
lawful throughout the British colonies and
plantations.

DINNER TO LORD WESTERN.—The long
anticipated dinner to the Right Hon. Lord Western, for
the purpose of presenting to his lordship the splendid
tribute which we have belore described, took place at the
Shire Hall, this day. The noble lord reached this town
about half-past three, and on his entering the Shire Hall,
was received with the hearty cheers of those who were
anxiously awaiting his arrival. Every seat in the ball-
room was occupied, and a large number dined in the
Grand Jury Room. It is calculated that about 450 per-
sons sat down to dinner. Sir Francis Vincent presided
on the occasion, and Mr. Disney having introduced the
Tribute, which, during the dinner, was elevated in the
centre of the room, the hon. chairman, in a concise and
neat speech, presented it to his lordship. The noble
lord, with surprising energy, considering his recent in-
disposition, replied at considerable length, and expressed
in forcible lancuage how proud he felt at the high honour
conferred upon him.—Chelmsford Chronicle, Friday.
DINNER TO LORD MELVILLE, AT DAL-
KEITH.-A public dinner was given to the Right Hon.
Viscount Melville, on Friday last, by his friends and neigh-
bouts, in token of their respect and esteem for his conduct
in public and private life. Sir Francis Walker Drummond
of Hawthornden, Bart., was in the chair, supported on his
right by Lord the Marquis of Lothian, the Earl
of Morton, the Hon. Captain Dundas, &c., and on his left
by the Duke of Buccleuch, Earl Taloot, Sir Geor e
Clerk, &c. ; Sir John Hope was croupier. The company
consisted of about one hundred and eighty noblemen and
gentlemen.

THE NEW NAUTICAL AND AFRICAN
NOVEL " MAKANNA.”—This romance introduces us into
a region new to fiction; and the author, by his talent of
delineation, has made that region his own. He is equally
at home grappling with the ocean's storm, hunting the
wild beasts of the wilderness, or painting with Flemish
minuteness the vooc_hamer of a Dutch boor at the Cape.
Tire peculiarities of African scenery and animals are most
vividly depicted. One of the most interesting and graphic
romances that it has been our lot to read for many a year.
—The Athenceum.

Sir F. Roe, of Bow-street, has been left a
legacy, it is reported of 100,0001., by his uncle, the late
Alexander Adair, Esq.
Several cases of cholera have occurred in this
city within the last fortnight. A medical friend informs
us that he saw three cases of malignant cholera yesterday
(Monday) in one street.—Dublin Evening Post.
The returns of the actual exports of the pre-
cious metals in the week ending Thursday last show that
195,554 ounces of silver coin have been shipped to Calais ;
567,850 ounces to New York; and 566 ounces to India.
Within these last two days entries have been made at the
Custom House for further shipments to New York of
360,000 ounces. _

The Drury-lane Easter piece of Folly, as it
is termed in the bills, is to be called Anster Fair, or
The Wizard's Wand.

COURT OF CHANCERY.-(THIS DAY•)

EX PARTE KEYS IN TILE SIATTER:OE TERRY, • BANKRUPT.
The LORD CHANCELLOR sat for the purpose of hearing Mat-
ters in Bankruptcy.
The LORD CHANCELLOR, Mr. KNIGHT, Mr. BACON, and

Mr. BETHEL, appeared for the appellant.
Mr. SWANSON and Mr. MONTAGUE were for the respondentt:i
and took a preliminary objection to the petition being ea,
here at all. The Act of Parliament directed that the 1,0"4
deuce; and that only upon a special case, and in no
Chancellor should have jurisdiction only to hear aPPeals °.°
matters of law, equity, or the admission or rejection of ev;
whatever except the Lord Chancellor should otherwise direct.d
The question to be submitted here was a question a fact, I
it was brought forward by a petition, and not upon a sPec'a
case. The learned counsel contended, that upon those two
grounds the present proceeding was irregular.
The LORD CHANCELLOR, without hearing counsel against
the preliminary objection, was of opinion that it was not Ws;
tainable, because it appeared, by a reference to the SecretarY
notes, that when the court gave leave to have this matter
brought here by petition, the special circumstances were stated;
and if they had not, the respondents had had notice of this
so long ago as November last, and if they had wished to have
objected to the present course, they ought to have come here
upon a notice long since, to have had the ex pane order set
aside, whereby the present petition was appointed for to-day.
The SOLICITOR.GENERAL then stated he appeared to pray the
Court to set aside an order made by the Court of Review, theun
several grounds, none of which could his clients have had t
The first
benefit of; had they come here upon a special case.
ground was, that the Court of Review had overturned an
order of the Vice-Chancellor, and also of this Court; the
second, that it had superseded a commission without any ap-
plication to it for that purpose ; and the third, that it luld
superseded a commission upon the ground of concert, contrary
to the express provisions of the Act of Parliament other wa
