LONDON, TUESDAY EVENING, JUNE 3, 1828.

SECOND EDITION CONTINUED FROM
OVR FOURTH PAGE.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT

(THIS EVENING.)

HOUSE OF LORDS.

There was a considerable muster.of Peers, a number of
Commoners, and a great many strangers present this even-
ing, it being confidently expected by many that the Duke
of Wellingto❑ would have addressed the House in conse-
quence of what passed in the Commons last night; but the
House adjourned without any observations of this nature.
Lord MALMSI3IIRY .presented a petition from an indi-
vidual, stating that he had become possessed of knowledge
by which the country ►night be restored to the most shun
dant prosperity; and every interest made to flourish in it-
fullest vigour : consequently J.raying to be examined befol,
the House. ,7o
Lord lIADDINGTON presented a petition from tk
landowners and farmers of Haddington, against the pro-
posed scale of duty upon Grain.
Lord SKELMERSDALE presented a petition from
Rochdale, and other petitioners in the county Palatine of
Lancaster, against the Roman Catholics. -
Lord WINCHILSEA presented petitions from the
owners and occupiers of land in the different parishes in
Bucks, praying that the duty upon grain might le taken
at the time of importation.
Also petitions from the Clergy, Churchwardens, and in-
habitants of six or eight parishes in Buckinghamshire, and
one from a parish in Mayo, against further concession to
the Catholics.

The Bishop of BATH and WELLS presented apetition
from the Archdeacon and Clergy of the Arehdeatonrs• of
Bath, to the same effect.
Lord DUNDAS presented petitions from the inLabitants
of Leeds, Halifax, and New Malton, against Slavery.
—Also, a petition from the ph) sicians and surgeons of
Kingston-upon-Hull praying for the removal of impedi-
ments to dissection.

Lord WALLACE presented a petition from the inhabit-
ants of Weymouth, praying fin• the repeal of the Act limit-
ing the issue of the small notes.—Also, a petition from the
same persons against the Catholics.
Lord LONSDALE presented a petition from the inort-
gagees of, and other persons interested in, West India
property, praying for praying for protection of property in
the West Indies.

Lord ROSEBERRY moved the second reading of the
Bill for regulating Madhouses in Scotland, and gave notice
that he should move the committal of it to a Committee of
the whole House on Wednesday, June 11.
The House went into a Committee, and afterwards re-
ceived the report upon the Scots Justiciary Bill.
Lord WHARNCLIFFE presented a petition from the
town and neghbourhood of Huddersfield, against Slavery.
Lord STANHOPE presented a petition from the Land-
owners of the Three Hundred of Bucks, praying that no
alteration might take place in the Corn Laws from what
was made in 1822.

Lord WIIARNCLIFFE presented a petition from a
great body of the most respectable inhabitants of Man-
chester, against the Manchester Police RM.
The Duke of WELLINGTON presented a petition from
peasons employed in the silk trade, in Macclesfield praying
for a revisal of the laws regulating that trade.
The Earl of SIIAFTSBURY moved she amendments of
the Scotch Salmon Fishery Bills, which were agreed to.
The House Adjourned of Half past Five o'clock.

indifferent to the state of a large body, of .huroad beings in,
slavery.
Mr. BERNAL had a high respect for the opinion of
the Members of the University, but he regretted the tone
in which the Question of West India Slavery was taken up.
Mr. SOLICITOR-GENERAL said, as the prayer of
the petition went no farther than the resolutions upon this
question agreed to by this House, he could see no ground
of objection to it.
After a few words from Mr. J. SMITH, in support of
the petition, the petition was ordered to be brought up and
printed.
Mr. WESTERN presented a similar petition from a
place in Essex. The Hon. Member presented a petition
from the merchants of Colchester against the suppression
of the circulation of small notes.

Mr. D. W. HARVEY said, that the petitioners laboured
under a delusion, when they stated that money was scarce,
on the contrary, there S'as,tio want of money, but of pro-
fitable object to which capital may be applied. Indeed, a
respectable solicitor residing at Colchester, informed him
• that farmers were day after day panting and pressing to his
'office, and urging him to find Means for them of investing
their capital.
(Left sitting. )

SHIPPING INTELIAGENCE.

LIVERPOOL.

SUNDAY, JUNE I.—High water 15 min. put I.
Wind W. to W.N.W.—Arrived the Jane, M‘Luan, from
Charleston ; Concord, Leith, from Paraiba; Robert Boyd,
Tadfortl, from St. Michael's ; Rover, Cork, from Per-
nambuco.

One ship, 5 brigs off at seven o'clock. Messrs. Alston
and Co.'s private signal. Telegraph Office, June 1.
Wind at Holyhead West, blowing fresh, nothing to re-
port ; one brig inward bound, and a pilot boat, of Point
Lynas.
At 5 p. m. a pilot boat, has boarded all hands ; no pilot
boat off Point Lynas.
HOLYHEAD, MAY 31.-Stormy weather. At six a.m.
the Indian Chief, from Demerara, off; a steam-packet
No. 21, passed inward ; the name of Gipsey painted on
her side.

At 12 40 p.m., brig Robert, APWilliams, off, outward
bound.

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

The Challenger, 28, Captain Fitz-Clarence, arrived on
Monday from Lisbon, having left the Tagus so long since
as the 9th inst. She put into Plymouth on Sunday to
land dispatches from our Ambassador at Lisbon. The
Challenger is to proceed to Canada, to bring the Earl of
Dalhousie, the Governor-General, to England.
The Russian Consulate at this port, is under expectation
of the arrival at Spitbead of four Russian sail-of-the-lies
and four frigates, which are intended to increase the force
of that power in the Mediterranean. These ships form-
ed part of the fleet destined for the Mediterranean,
which arrived here last year, under th• flag of Admiral
Siniaven, and which were withdraws, upon a re-
monstrance, through state policy, by our Government,
against the assemblage of so large a Russian force in the
Mediterranean. They returned to the Baltic, Admiral
Siniaven detaching the remainder of the ships to form the
squadron, now under the command of Count Hayden, ou
that station. Whether the now altered character of the
relations between Russia and the Porte will remove the
jealousy, which prompted the Government of this country,
to interfere on the occasion mentioned, we cannot say ; but
we observe that a first, second, awl third rate, the Boyne,
Bellerophon, and Pembroke, now in ordinary, at this port,
are under comse of having their lower deck parts hung, a
circumstance which is regarded as indicative of the likeli-
hood of their being soon commissioned.
The Tribune, 42, Captain Wilson, is to leave the
Medway to-day, she will call at Spithead, on her way to
the West Indies.

The Amity- transport, with a detachment of the 58th
Regiment on board, for Ceylon, remains wind-bound at
Spitliead.

At Spithead—Wellesley, Galatea, Challenger, and Lyra.
In harbour--Victory, Melville, Spartiate, Falcon, and
Onyx.
The students in the School of Naval Architecture at this
Dock Yard have received instructions to build a sixth rate
man-of-war, to be named the Actaeon.

A general order regarding the state of ships' guns, and
applying generally to the nicest observance of the fighting
equipment of our ships, has been this week issued to the
Fleet, by the Lord High Admiral, since his visit to the
River Medway.
The Royal Naval Annuitant Society having been esta-
blished five years, commenced paying their claimants this
week the sum of fifty pounds each, leaving a surplus of nearly
2001. to be carried to the general account. This Society
has realised a capital of 34,9001., and 1760 Members have
been enrolled. From this period no member will be ad-
mitted whose age exceeds sixty, nor will any member of
that age be allowed to increase his number of nominations.
We take this opportunity of urging upon officers of the
Naval Service the benefit of joining this Society, the prac-
tical working of which has proved its advantages. .
The report which has this week much prevailed, and
circulated through the medium of the London Papers, of
the relinquishment by that gallant and distinguished officer,
Sir Edward Codrington, K.C.8., of the command of our
squadron in the Mediterranean, or of his recal, we know
to be unfounded.
