REFORM.

The LORD CHANCELLOR presentezl a petition
from 21,700 inhabitants, merchants, &c. of Edinburgh,
complaining of the present state of the representation in
that city. His Lordship observed, that be most fully

concurred in the prayer of the petition. He believed
it must be known to most of their Lordships that, inde-
pendent of his connection with Ministers, he always had
been a warm friend of a safe, temperate, and constitutional
Reform of the representation of the people, and that
he was as far as any of those conscientious individuals whom
, he must designate as opponents to this measure from ad-
vocating any rash, vain, or unsubstantial speculations on
a subject of so much importance. The plan to be brought
forward had, after the most mature deliberation and
most anxious scrutiniting, received the unanimous ap-
probation of his Majesty's confidential servants and ad-
visers. But as to the nature of that plan he should not
say one word more, either of its details or its general
tendency, for the resolution to submit it to the considera-
tion of Parliament was not more unanimous than the
resolution not to disclose any portion of that plan
until it should be regularly submitted to the House. That
course of conduct was necessary to do common justice to
the measure itself, and was dictated by a most pro-
found respect fbr both Houses of Parliament, as
well as the highest branch of the Legislature—
he meant that most gracious Prince whom he had the ho-
nour to serve, and who, with the full knowledge of all
the details, had given the measure his warmest concur-
rence and approbation.
The LORD CHANCELLOR then presented a num-
ber of petitions, signed by 22,000 inhabitants. merchants,
&c. of Glasgow. The Noble Lord presented also a similar
petition from Cornwall. He took that opportunity of
correcting an error which had gone abroad respecting
the nature of the Reform proposed by his Majesty's Go-
vernment. He had been asked whether the plan was the
plan of the Government, or the plan of the Paymaster
of the Forces supported by the Government, and he
would answer what was the truth, the whole truth, and
nothing but the truth, that it was to all intents and pur-
poses the plan of the Government, brought forward by the
Paymaster of the Forces, and not the plan of the Pay-
master of the Forces, supported by the Government.
Earl GREY presented several petitions from Royal
Burghs in Scotland, for Reform; from Northumberland,
against slavery ; and from parishes in Ireland, against the
present administration of the education grants.
Lord DEJRIIAM presented petitions from Durham
against tithes, and from Darlington against the Registrar
tion Bill.—Adjourned at Half-past Six.
