IN RE ELEPHANT AND CASTLE CHARITY.

His Lordship spoke at some length upon this case. The
only point which he decided was the following—namely, that
it would not be proper to withdraw the annuities from the pre-
sent annuitants. No more, however, should be appointed, as
the measure seemed to the Court to be inconsistent with the
object of the donor. Whether the Court could deal with the
matter on petition was a question reserved for argument and
dcision on Wednesday.

VICE-CHANCELLOR'S COURT, JULY 18.

ATTORNEY-GENERAL V. THE BISHOP OF LLANDAFF AND

OTHERS.

Mr. BAYLY moved, on behalf of the Bishops of Llandaff
and Peterborough and the Lord Mayor, the trustees of the cha-
rity in this case, for an order permitting them to pass their ac-
counts. The charity consisted of certain lands devised by Lord
Craven, in the reign of Charles 1., in trust for the purpose of
educating ace tain number of students at the Universities of
Oxford and Cambridge ; the residue to be applied to the ran-
som of British subjects from Algerine slavery. In consequence
of the treaty entered into in the year 1815 between this country
and the Government of Algiers, in which it was stipulated that
British subjects should no longer be detained by that power, it
had been suggested that the reservation of the funds, of which
there was now a large accumulation, for the original purposes of
the charity, would be illegal. Without, however, entering
into that question at present, the Learned Counsel now merely
requested that his Honour would grant an order in the usual
terms, that the students might receive their stipends.
Mr. GARRATT, on the other side, consented to the order,
which was granted accordingly.

STAFFORD SESSIONS.

CASE OF SHOCKING BARBARITY.

A prosecution having been commenced at the instance of
William Sneyd, Esq., and Thomas S. kinnersley, Esq., Ma-
gistrates of this county, against Mrs. Mary Linter, dress-
maker, or Ultoxeter, for ill-treating an apprentice girl, the
case was heard at these sessions.
Martha Palmer, between 12 and 13. years of age, was placed
in the witness-box, and detailed a series of the dreadful cruel.
ties of her mistress. She stated that she was bound appren-
tice to Mrs. Limer about two years ago by the parish ; that
about ten months since her mistress ordered her to go up stairs
and pull her clothes off ; she soon followed herself, and having
first tied the girl's hands behind. her, she beat her in the most
brutal manner with a toasting-fork ; and not having satisfied
her cruel disposition with that, she ran the prongs of the fork
into her arm. On another occasien, this inhuman creature hit
the little girl such a violent blow with an iron poker, that the
poker broke, and the bone of the poor child's stays also broke.
On a third occasion, the poor girl was ordered up stairs, and
followed by her mistress, who, after locking the door and order-
ing her to strip naked, beat her with a rope five doubles and
knotted at one end, incessantly for three quarters of an hour !
Two respectable females, the Overseer of Sudbury, and a
surgeon, four individuals who had examined the, girl's body
after the last beating, confirmed her account by stating that it
was in a dreadfully bruised state; one of them said that it ac-
tually appeared as if the flesh was in a putrid state. The girl's
health had been greatly injured by the horrid treatment of her
mistress.

The Counsel for the defendant declined saying any thing in
extenuation of her offence, but declared she was ready to make
such compensation for her conduct as the Court would deem
proper. One witness spoke to the general humane character
of Mrs. Littler. Verdict—Guilty.
The CHAIRMAN said it was a case of almost unparalleled
barbarity, and very nearly approached that of Squire, who was
tried in that Court and hung some years since for the murder
of an apprentice, whose death had been occasioned by his ill
treatment.

Sentence—Twelve months imprisonment.
Mrs. Limer, a young woman, was very well dressed, and
heard the statements made by the witnesses without a blush,
and left the Court for the prison without a tear.

WAttsAw. JuNE2B.—ii is 'Majesty the Emperor
has assigned a donation of 100,000 Palish florins for the poor
inhabitants of the Kingdom, and aproiutekl a Special COM.
Inatce to distribute this soul.
