MONTHLY MAGAZINE.

Has reached us at so late an h.,ur that we have
barely had time even to glance at its content.
From their number and variety they promise well.

FRASER S MA GAZINE.

The beg number we have yet seen of Fraser.
All the articles are readable and appropriate to the
season, and some of very superior merit. " Ancient
Count ry Gentlemen of England" is penned in a fine,
frat,k, generous spirit ; the character of Pitt, too
is drawn with a master-hand, and, giving a per-
fectly new view of the mind and habits of the most
bigoted Minister England ever knew, may serve to
counteract the adulatory balderdash of Bishop
°mime. " Poets of the Day "is a lively, satirical
diatribe of no great excellence, though exceedingly
amusing. " Speeches delivered in Banco Regit re
is a masterly essay, fill of wit and wisdom. Ben-
tham, though somewhat too highly caricatured, is a
discr'minating sketch of character. " Early Days
of Kean" cannot be perused without sensations
of the mo.t painful nature. " A Wind-up fur cur
Seventh Volume "is egotistical of course. We
quote the following:—
'° If the unpopularity of Ministers wanted a staggering
blow, it has been supplied by the late affair in the Calthorpe
grounds. Nothing could exceed the cowardice and cruelty of
their arrangements to get rid of a paltry rabble, which a beadle
could have dispersed ; and the police—we denounced them
from the first—unpopular before, are now trebly hateful.
The bakers of Cromer-street have pronounced a verdict against
the Ministers, and to them that verdict is of vital moment.
To us, we own, it is nothing. Had it been given in Tory
times, we should have despised the seventeen fellows who re-
turned it with the extremity of scorn, and proceeded as if no.
thing of the kind had occurred. Small, indeed, in our eyes
would have been the importance of Mr. Samuel Stockton,
doughkneader, and something else in commendarn. But to
the Whigs—to them who were carried into office by the voice
of the town rabble—is not this verdict a sound of mortal woe?
The mob of London is against them—the ten.poundery
of London (thanks to the assessed taxes) are against
them—the Birmingham Unions are against them—
the rascal rabblement of Dublin, stirred by O'Connell,
are against them—and where but in these quarters had they
any support ? The clergy 7—the universities ?—the West
India interest 7—the colonists ?—the East india people?—
the mercantile interest ? (ask those concerned in the Bank,
in Dutch trade, in shipping in general)—the factory children,
consigned by Lord Althorp to another year of soul-destroying
and life quenching labour ? No, no, no—look where you
like, a cry of hatred or contempt against the Whigs sings in
the gale. As the Duke fell before the braying of Sir John
Key, so shall Lord Grey fall beneath the jaw of Stockton the
baker. The parental Earl will be felled by the same weapon
as that with which Sampson smote the Philistines in the field
of Itamath.Lehi. And then, who follows? We know not.
But one thing we know, that the Tory party, or the Whig
party, or any party, will be ruined by the contact of one man
—of the man who has betrayed and deceived everybody—of
the man who at this moment is meditating some new stroke
of political treachery—of the man whose whole career has been
a career of duplicity and deceit—of the man whose only talent
Is cunning, and a knowledge of the paltry common-places that
will sway a paltry assembly. Who is he 2—Peel."

•
" i •
/7PI`,QL itn,

continue it, with just sufficient alteration to
`orm an acknowledgment of its viciousness
We must take another opportunity for more

entering into the several details of the
'lan, only congratulating ourselves that it may
4)e put an end to in ten years. In the ab-
:ence of the adoption, in the slightest degree,
)1 the great principle of freedom, we mug;
•onsole ourselves with the reflection, that in
en years the public will probably see the
lisadvantages of the monopoly of the Bank as
dearly as it now does that of the East India
Company, and that then the Government, who-
ever may be in it, will be -compelled to adopt
hat course which reason, experience, and policy
like dictate.

The debate on the slavery abolition plan of
Ole Government was renewed last night, and
:gain adjourned to Monday next. Mr. GOD-
iON and Mr. BUCKINGHAM both proposed the
onendrpents of which they had given notice.
\lr. GODSON'S plan is immediately to give
'?0,000 0001., to be divided among the plan-
tors, and to lend 10,000,000/. more to the
Colonial Legislatures. It requires no ghost
tell us that he might as well have moved
hat the planters should have a slice of the
noon. The thing is impracticable. Mr.
BUCKINGHAM'S plan is immediately to emanci-
ate the slaves, establish means of instruction
t'or them, and organize an efficient magistracy
and police. Unfortunately, Mr. BUCKING-
HAM is not so definite in his plan of compensa-
tion as we cou'd wish. This, we imagine, will
)e enough with the House, independently
ether considerations, to cause the rejection el
his propositions.
