ERCANTI LE SHIPPING.

DEAL, MAY 2.—Light airs and variable.—Came down from
the River this morning the Endymion, Todd, for Miramichi ;
and Luna, Knox, for Bermuda, and sailed with the outward_
bound as per last for their different destinations. Arrived the
Aquatic, Clover, from the Cape of Good Hope and St. Helena.
HALF-ran' Six.—The Aquatic and James Sibbald are
now in the Gulls nearly becalmed.
PORTSMOui.H, MAY 2..--Light airs.—No arrivals or
PTA-stop-Fri, MAY I.—Wind N.—Off the port the Jane,
Jones, from Malaga, In 32
FALMOUTH, MAY 1.-n Ind S.E.—Arrived ow the port
the Cambrian, Clarkson, from Bombay for London.
LIVEUPOOL, MAY I.—Arrived the Ceres, Braithwaite,
from New Orleans : sailed the 28th of February. On the Iruli
of March, oft' the Havannah, was hoarded by a Piratical
schooner, who robbed them of all their cabin stores, Captain's
watch, beef, bread, and such of the ships stores as they were in
want of: they treated the master and crew with great cruelty,
beating them with their swords and threatening to hang them.
We put two of the crew of the brig Minerva, of Amsterdam,
on hoard of the Ceres, which vessel they had taken the 25th of
February.. The master. a passenger, and. rest of the crew of
the Minerva, were kept on board the Pirate; the Ceres put
into New Providence to get supplies. The privateer schooner
was about 50 tons, painted black, with white bottom and
mouldings.

MILITARY ACADEMY.-----Land MELVILLE, the
Marquis of ANGLESEA, Sir GEORGE CLERK, and
several other Noblemen and Gentlemen, attended
yesterday at the Royal Military Academy, at
Chelsea, to witness the gymnastic exercises of
the boys, who are placed under the instruction
of M. CLEAS, Professor of Gymnastics. They
expressed infinite satisfaction at the dexterity
evinced by the boys, and complimented Mr.
CLEAS upon the important benefits which the
military, and particularly the naval service, are
likely to derive from his instructions. M. CLEAS
had the honour of presenting to Lord MELVILLE
his Treatise upon Gymnastic Exercises.

On Sunday night the sentinel of the Royal
Guard, who was posted on the Place du Car-
rousel, near the Louvre gate, perceiving an indi-
vidual lurking near him, called out several times,
" Who goes there ?" and ordered him to retire.
The man, however, continued to approach, and
the sentinel fired and killed him.—(Gaulte de
France.)

PARIS PAPERS.

(From the Colutitutionna ) i
PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE.
PERPIGNAN, APRIL 2.—At half past eleven
this day, Lieutenant General Donnadieu set out
for Cerdagne with an escort of 40 men of the sth
Chasseurs.—The oscillations in the movements
of the troops have at length terminated, and all
the different corps which are to compose the
army of Lampourdan are immediately to proceed
to their respective stations. The 12th Light In-
fanky replaces the Ist in Cerdagne, and the
3d battalion of the sth line sleep to day at
13oulon. The divition of Cerdagne will be
formed by the 12th Light Infantry, 800 strong;
the 2d line 1,400 strong, and the sth horse
Chasseurs amounting to 400.—The Priests and
Monks who were to set out in all haste to return
to their homes, almost all remain on the frontier;
those of Olot sent an express to their brethren
who remain at Perpignan to tell them not to stir ;
that Llobera occupies Olot with a considerable
corps of troops ; and that Mina has assembled a
strong army at Vich.—The Fluvia washes the
walls of Olot, and Vich is one march from that
town.—To-day the Marshal has caused ROsas to
be taken possession of by our troops,
place and the port are to be put in a state of de•
fence to protect our commerce and our debarka.
tions, as vessels will henceforth be expedited
from port Vendres.
,PARIS, APRIL 30._L'Etoile states that c-
ac-
cording to all appearances, General Morillo
fallen into a Royalist ambuscade, and that he
That
has been arrested by those who have, it is said,
shamefully abandoned him. It adds that the
last two couriers from France have been stopped
by the Cure Merino, who, according to this in'
telligence, will not therefore be our ally. ‘i
According to the same accounts Gerona waste,
have been occupied by our troops. It is knots"
that this place was dismantled in the late war.
bees'
The General-in-Chief Mina appears to.S
tablished on the right bank of the Ter, and it I
tilleaslatyaktoenm
presumed, according if 1e that he will not
. (From the Journal des Debats.l
aarpcohsiudownti.attheoElobtr.o. General blilans
Paws, Apßil. 30.—1 t is certain that we are at Saragossa,
although there is no official account of it. It is added, that
the right bank of the Ebro is cleared to Tarragona and to
in Thusennseq this the sea.
It appears, that the Cortex have in reality fewer soldiers than
was imagined.
ileinhceemorictShaeradgeossafenCe mwhadicehb7
its gates to the French under the standard of legitimacy.
( From the. Courier Francais.) ,•
i d With
BAYONNE, APRIL 24.—We receive but rarel, an ,
much difficulty, intelligence from Madrid. All the "ei,
menial couriers are intercepted, and every °tie is se.er _
prohibited to cross the frontiers 'With a Spanish journal in Pr:
troops, who allowed them to Pass the _
pocket. We are, therefore, obliged to report filar°
chair; of travellers. Those who have tbe most recenhtlY
that tel
arrived here quitted Madrid the 14th. They state,
ittsßpnuopnuainpatritnen s, onianeiuricloii
met on the road echelons of from 4 to 5,000 Constitutions)
ee
an instant, and without causing then any vexation. .
es
troops were well equipped, and had with them eight re
of artillery. Two thousand men were on the 15th between
Aranda and Orubia, 20 leagues from Madrid. The oth
were on the side of Zerma, seven leagues from Burgos. Thee
same travellers state that 2,500 of the militia of the Bas!..
provinces were also marching on the mad front Valladolid. IP,
without detaining
Tthhem
these corps were proceeding to Madrid to reinforce the Omni;
commanded by the Count de l'Abisbal. On the other 11,11 r.
they agree in saying that Ballastcros was, on the Nth, at 114.
military preparations were continued with- as
ragona, in Upper Arragon. At the moment when these tor%
veleta left Madrid, that city was very tranquil, i'n't _.,41 . 3
activity. of the
The reports circulated here respecting the disgrace
~1 f
Trappist are not confirmed, - lie was at the ativanCed guard °f
the army.
It is reported that on the Ifith he was at Willies':
of forty'
Cuebillas on the same day entered Burgos at the head
five men.
natters of the
It
appears to be determined that the head-riot-5 e.
army shall remain at Vittoria till the sth May, and that the o.lloa.
togifktehetill:::l:ll Am e'
rations for advancing will not recommence till after that Perl
~ ,2„ratossa
Nit's, A elm. 30.—The report of the opture Or ''''.- lioni.
by the French army was circulated on Monday, hnt thc 4 ,„,,,,efer,
MUCh Oruer a
tear of yesterday did not mention it. Yesterday' ''. ning
the same story was circulated at the Bourse, but in the sle it
l'Etoile maintained the same silence as the 2/914,t: the
may be stated, however, that this intelligence carne
"r--
~
na and
tdhtehaan
army
3)1, adr se
sh
na I. n
et the e t
0D
combatuke of Bn
ne 1 l
thatu n o
Court. al :1101'
It is said that the age and state of health of Illarsh—
-04, ;
coy wilt not allow him to support the campaign in Cattsnd
• sub.
. We have stated the injunction given to EuroPene link, and
ram Spaniards at Paris to quit the capital immediate' ' 0.
to leave France. 'We now learn that the execution of this 11l
sure has been suspended. the hen'
The Gazette de Lyo3 has allowe I itself to put forth .
who
pointwill
viest denunciations againstseveral young men of that CltY;:ne, :
at the last Carnival got up a Masquerade to celehrstel before
ral of Commerce; *fourteen of them, brought on the •.-The Ga.
the Correctional Police, were honours* aetnlittea. ;I of this
zette de Lyon of' the 24th, however, makes 110 Inent"--1
act of justice. ' •
—.._.

PROCLAMATIONIansdO;LDasIERRISI
rto—ofn wlee
song.
anfLygoPeBRAOTIHR. A.NTONIO MANNAI;
TiO•
ou
of
and that
NON to the SOLDIERS of the CONSTITV
ARMY of SPAIN.
ed the Spanish
winter,
Theo
of
that
gooen
and you hear not; hands and you feel not.
dove has left the ark, and it wills pecdilY return.,al rent
the oily and
the waters
aatreersnoowf itnttehoßdePfelsf.lattiiTirlee,:lreeable, and flow ! wiltit
he
e
i
vrwiidiotlhie nmaotnshseutrer rern:
,branch
soonNt
the
Nation
t iti
oet sntnti,)‘n
soi
lulttmhh
hive
the ee
latishlnt tibrepaec
adl
c't rh,
ne
sassuonpbwdbiel et
t sstencell,o:alit;eainT6l.:_airecAtirt.,Pneii
those patrotic songs, the productions of frenzied brtO2O4ol forth
be filled with jubilee pleasure and contentment, anotiuutot the
into hymns of triumph and hallelujahs. tell Ve waves bid
ship of Peter, which was driven about arnenfi t? ace, on
h,
h the Chl'"
thethe abortion t
canaihaslle,
le costw
hcs oh many n
availing y tears tt o
ft., tior:Stni IPysoliti I
int. .tr01:1:;:neolir_1!:11:yroi cri:l
and to the Christians her dear songs_ is about to uts4P'r enter,
the Spanish soil. Already the rrellCll artniezo O.,Y.lncogst
ed Spain, do not doubt it ; and you will be envel ha;
to t.--,0,
blindfoldzd and chained you hand and foot,
you over the precipice which you cannot re•ftsc
ecaStnreeclz,e7edililosoofteinlliabyeioui:tshcca:tvihtlideo In TIP ha:*

is
lot
HS

orn •
rell
his

• the
rd of
eseo'
gtr

the
ore'
:00

10/11"

tor,

I the

11~'''

04' ;
rnsna
uls'
ttint"
anti
west'

be 3"
one-
beige
e Cd'
if tbii

vitA•
:OP

a Or,

diers and brethren in Jesus Christ; I call you also by this
tender name, ii. order that awakening from the lethargy in
which you lie deaf to the stings of your conscience, and giving
ear to those Chiefs of perfidy, first-born of the Dtevil, you may
yet dry the tears of our tender mother. Besides, let us be just,
my brethren; open your eyes; open your ears and hear me in
good faith. la hat have you seen in the course of three
years? Have you seen the liberty of the press? What a
victory for impiety I What a triumph ! It has pretended to
derogate from the eighth precept of the decalogue, in which
(loil and Nature condemn insult, ridicule, sneering, scandal,
calumny, mordacity, and, evil speaking. Is it not SO ? And
what sort of lustre has this conferred on our nation ? But by
the bowels of Jesus Christ, what lustre can you expect from a
3lentlibel, flour a Legarda from a Sanchez, from a Mutro-
zabal, the Editors of the Liberal Guipuzcoana, the most accre-
dited journal of all those of Spain ? Do you know, my brethren,
those who I have named ? To undeceive you, know then that
the first is a chattering mongrel advocate—a river in words,
but a drop in understanding; the second, an escrivano ; the
third, a physician.. and the fourth a musician.—Will posterity
believe that such Lye been able to pasi in cultivated Spain for
sages? I have limited myself solely to the Liberal Guipuzeoano,
that from these premises you may without violence draw the
legitimate consequences. You have seen the tribunal of
the faith exterminated—you have seen the company of Jesus
exterminated—you have seen the monasteries and convents
suppressed, their revenues' robbed, the ecclesiastics turned out,
the mistress of the nations a slave, and no longer free--you
have seen your political chiefs erected into Popes % and driving
from their cloisters those who have taken the veil—you have
seen the fifth command of our Holy Mother the Church—you
have seen (the heavens obscured with such a deplorable trans-
formation)—you have seen a marble stone respected, venerat-
ed, and deified I 0 my (Ion! the respect and adoration
which is so justly dear to ou, has been usurped from you by
tablet or stone erected in ay public place. My brethren, do you
ponder on what you hear ? Is it not all reality ? This and
no other is the felicity which is promised you by this accursed
race, Cm the nation be happy which offends God's only son ?
Can a nation without faith and religion be happy? My breth-
ren, open, I repeat to you, your eyes; yet you may avoid the
fatal gulph which awaits you without remedy • abandon those
satellites of Satan, and come to me or run to the Royalists who
are nearest to you. Do this without delay: so invites your
your humble brother the Trappist.
Vittoria, April 14, 1823.
FR. ANTONIO AIARANON.

PROCLAMATION OF BROTHER ANTONIO
• MARANON.
GENEROUS AND SUFFERING SPANIARDS.
GLY 10 GOD OR TRUE FATHER.
lf, in the
_yytOß 1020, yourlegiU
slation, which was the admira-
tion of all Enrope, ceased to be in force ; if this Constitution,
invented by Lucifer, and carried into execution by the enemies
of our holy religion, the modern philosophers, Jansenists, Free-
masons' and Atheists, has been substituted for it with the great-
est violence, compelling the King, with the greatest constraint,
end contrary to every right divine and human to swear to it,
despoiling him of all the sovereignty, and reducing him to the
Most unheard of slavery —lf from thenceforward the religion in-
herited from
your ancestors, transmitted by Jesus Christ him-
self, is seen in a state of prostration, in which it was never
before seen, the Monks driven ignominiously from the cloister
Of virtue, the Ministers of the Altar persecuted, their temples
thrown down, the sacred ornaments profaned, the Images of
the Saints insulted, the body of our Redeemer outraged : if
yous properties are not respected, your persons are in-
sulted : if' the sons who procured with their labour the sup-
port, of their fathers, have been and are torn with the
greatest grief from the bosom of their parents, and placed
in flip files of those barbarians, to oblige them to sustain
their perfidies and iniquities; if this antisocial and illegal go-
vernment which subjugates you, has engulphed you in the most
cruel anarchy, and has caused the voice of reason to disappear,
substituting for it cruelties, insults, violations, disasters,
and all sorts of vexations ; conducting with an unequalled
savageness to the scaffold many martyrs, lovers of their coon-
try, their Prince, and the King of Kings . if thenceforward you
Observed to be broken all the most social ties of blood, friends
killing friends, brothers brothers, fathers sons, and sons those
who gave theta being ; if you have seen the dungeons filled_
with innocent captives, and your lives in imminent danger of
being sacrificed through the fury of those dogs, devourers of
human flesh ; and in fact, if all your patrimonies, as well as
those of tall the nation, are taken by these irreconcileable ene-
mies of the throne and the altar, in order, by means of' them,
to disseminate in other kingdoms
the torch of discord, and plant
Atheism and irreligion ; be of good cheer ; do not fear : for
the God of mercy has heard the favourable supplications of
his faithful servants your brethren ; and has ordered it so that
the beneficence of the great Powers of Europe take part in
your misfortunes and calamities. The remedy for your per-
secutions, and the end of your evils is at hand. Your trod of
armies, after inducing those Potentates to afford you protection, agreeing in the Congress of Verona to be your auxiliaries,
giving you the greatest proof of the friendship and estims. tion they profess to you, a tutelary angel, who will exterminate
completely this revolutionary and Government, has
"ill:1W to place himself at the head of the numerous and strong
anntes, which are marching to your assistance. with. hurried
,st,e,Pli•—lie will free the worship of your holy religion, r. e.esta.
ut'ih your ancient and just laws, liberate the Sovereign and
(~."," Royal persons from ti.e captivity in which they are,
...nvest him with all the prerogatives o f power and ma-
`= '"tY, which the all-powerful confided to his care, and restore
to you peace and tranquillity, that you may live in the holy
fear of God.
The most Serene Senor Duke d'Angouleme, worthy succes-
',or of the unconquered Louis the Twelfth, a Prince adorned
r
with the most exceU'ent virtues, is predestined by heaven fo
This
glorious undertaking. Ilis valiant legions have entered
Your soil. But you must continue your efforts with the greatest
aoni confiding in the Divine Mercy. Now you must re-
more than ever your efibrts against this yoke which op-
presses you. The Lord commands you through this vile worm
and unworthy sinner. He wishes at the same time that contrite
and repentant we seek him in our afflictions, that we on our
Part employ all the means calculated to effect our end.
. Fathers of handles, it is time that you display your patriot.?Rl' fidelity, and that you are true Christians. When the
wniio,thloeuotf
country, the religion, and the king; are in danger, we are all,
robust diiiise,tinction, obliged to abandon the cloister, and our
to run to their salvation ; and, therefore, . your
Naos and brothers in your power,_ ought promptly to in-
corPorate themselves in ' the ranks of' the valiant defenders of
Your rights, in order that ' united with them, you may accele-
rate the termination of their task, give- rapidity to their opera-
-9°lll, advance their progress, now that your allies, envoys of
valour
rdaan.yevaniTotivehtal,veantod can admire your heroismi and
reproach you with your fear or
paattlence under anarchy. You see that these are your auxi-
ttlioleoies ; with which you who are the principal sufferers ought
therefore
with more efficaciousness and activity. Do not,
arms %' more
a moment in causing your people to take up
w..,.: end them to ate, as a servant of God, destined to that
th or toh. -
I.raiwililiretliinegd
any of the other Royalist Commanders, in order
teinonlsoe vmanagnuyard of the foreigners, we may
;11'01)e
Niue ;davenfe the wrongs
their yin:3,C" unfortunate persons who groan
and persecutions which you
eennutetrrneds.o '
the blood of so many victims sacrificed for
They ha °llstancYs and fidelity.
them with open tl liberating hosts I receive
and that your h ar s .
Suhr eawniltbeiniesthe y are true Spani d' '
rude
they can sh earls; e,nthued with the best feelings of grati-
the confer ceinwy--";
marches to assist you they tiavveetßsuenffleireod
INitenivir excessively grateful for the benefits
iZthlional, in your company excessiveknow th
labour i f i n thaenitri
the Nva 3°.,,,5eel and comfort. Yea, generous Spaniards, this is
and in your houses they will find
mere a the King of Rings
ths, gdx,itli must Set. And therefore, and that you may prove
thanks t that your lips and hearts may never cease to give
for the many benefits his divine
worthy y confers on us, this vile and worthless creature, and un-
gre,(l7t!,e!t 9 verfl'ow of
sinner your brother, the Trappist, invites you with the
heart.
Vittoria, April 14,11123.
