PHILANTHROPIC SOCIETY.

The Anniversary Dinner and Meeting of this most excellent
Institution, was held, yesterday evening, at the City of Lon-
don Tavern. This Society, which was established in 1803, has
for its laudable object the discharge of persons confined for
small debts, and for the temporary relief of the necessitous
manufacturing and labouring poor in London and its environs.
At half-past five o'clock the Chair was taken, in the absence
of his Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex (prevented attend-
ing through a prior engagement) by N. Charrington, Esq.,
who was supported by several persons of eminence, and a most
respectable company.
On the cloth being removed, Non nobis Domine was sung in
fine style by Messrs. Tamil, Collyer, Broadhurst, and other
professional Gentlemen.
The usual loyal toasts were then drunk, after which
The CIIAIR3IAN gave " Prosperity to the Philanthropic
Society."
_ _

11Ir. CHARRINGTON here rose and expressed his regret at
the absence of their Royal Chairman, whose health he would
now propose. " The health of the Duke of Sussex" was then
drunk with rapturous applause.
The next toast was " The Duchess of Clarence." The
Chairman said that her Royal Highness had that day mis-
carried with twins. The toast was received with great ap-
plause.
In the course, of the evening the Treasurer read a long list of
subscriptions, and commented on the growing prosperity of the
Institution.

During the last year 1699 persons were relieved from differ-
ent parishes :—discharged from prisons for small debts, 60 ;
relieved in distress 1639, at an expense of 7531. ss. 4d. The
total number of persons discharged from prison since the esta-
blishment of the Society in March 1803, amounts to 1513 ; and
in addition, 24,299 have been relieved, who, with their families,
make an aggregate of 93,886 persons.
Thanks were afterwards voted to the Treasurers, Stewards,
and other Officers of the Society, who severally returned
thanks, and the company, who were greatly entertained with
several favourite songs from Messrs. Broadhurst and Collyer,
separated at a late hour.

CHuucti MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION. The Anniversary
Meesing of the Worcester Church Missionary Association was
held at the Guildhall, on Thursday the 4th inst. and was very
numerously and respectably attended. The Assistant Secretary
of the Parent Institation detailed the operations of the Society in a
clear and luminous speech, and was followed by several other
Clergymen, who, in a truly Christian spirit, and with much
fbrce and eloquence, pleaded the cause of Missions. It appeared
from the Report that 200 Missionaries and Teachers are em-
ployed by the society in different parts of the world; that not
less than Ten Thousand Heathen Children are inseructed under
its auspices, and that the happiest effects are the result of these
exertions. At one Church on the Western Coast of Africa,
there are 300 communicants; the following is the disinterested
testimony of Sir George Collier to the success of the Society's
lahours in Western Africa

It is hardly possible to conceive the difficulties which
have been surmounted in bringing the Colony of Sierra
Leone to its present improved and still very improving
state. Roads' are cut in every direction, useful for com-
munication—many Towns and Villages are built, and
others, as the black population increases, are building : more
improvement, under all circumstances of climate and infancy
of Colony, is scarcely to be supposed. I visited all the Black
Towns and Villages, attended the Public Schools and other
Establishments, and I never witnessed in any population more
contentment and happiness. The manner in which the yub-
lie Schools are here conducted, reflects the greatest credit on
those concerned in their prosperity, and the improvement made
by the scholars, proves the aptitude of the African, if moderate
pains he taken to instruct him. I have attended places of pub-
lic worship in every quarter of the Globe, and I do most con-
scientiously declare, never did I witness the ceremonies of Re-
ligion more piously performed, or more devoutly attended to, ,
than at Sierre Leone."

'When it is recollected that the Colony, of which Sir George
Collier is here speaking, is composed principally of poor ne-
groes, rescued from the hands of slave ships, every Christian
will rejoice at the sight of so many of his fellow-creatures not
only freed from slavery, but brought under the influence of
our holy Religion.—We are happy to say, that the funds of
the Association are upon the increase.—(Worcester Journal,
April Il.)

The following extempore conversation took place at the door
of the Forth and Clyde Canal and Coach-office, Shakspeare-
square, Edinbtirgh, some time since, between Mr. Scott, the
proprietor of the office, and a neighbour of his called Dewar :
Mr. D.—Eh, Muster Scott,
Can ye change me a note ?
Mr. S.—l'm nae vers, sure--but I'll see—
Eh, Muster Dewar,
It's no in my power,
For my wife', pm out xi' the key
