[MORNING CHRONICLE.]

Some of the French Journalists; borrowing a
military phrase, say that the Government of Eng-
land is in a false position,—that the inclinations
of the Court are in favour of the European sys-
tem, that is the system of the preponderating
powers, While the interests of the nation are op-
posed to it, and the Ministers, like the ass between
the two buitdles of hay, are drawn both ways,
but unable to decide for either. However this may
be, it was at all events honest in Mr. Canning
to admit that we could only now move in our
own orbit, that the predominant Powers of the
Continent had an orbit of their own into which
we could no longer enter, and that our business
was not to scrutinize their movements too nicely,
or to carp at their aggrandizement, but to mind
our own affairs, thankful that they let us alone.
This, we say, was both an honest and a politic
admission, because the retention of the old cant
about the balanes of power, now that the scale
opposed to the predominant Powers contains

the spurious Republics of Switzerland and the'
Kingdom of the Netherlands, would only have
left an unfavourable impression of Mr. Can-
ning's penetration. But a curious question
suggests itself here—Can two opposite sys-
tems exist loan together in Europe ? The
invention of steam boats precludes the idea of the
possibility of maritime defence. At a compara-
tively small expence troops in any number can
be conveyed from the Continent to this island.
A powerful navy could formerly have prevented
this, but the invention in question has quite
changed the aspect of things.—Now, we do not
say, that it is not in the power of this great and
industrious country to maintain such a force
as might render invasion a very hazardous ex-
periment.. But it is obvious, that if the predo-
minant Powers chose to invade us, their object
could only be defeated by a large standing
army. Now, a large standing army might
be, a powerful temptation to some future Sove-
reign of the House of Hanover (we 'lope we may
make free with future Kings, if we dare only
praise the past), to try to become himself a mem-.
tier of the great European family, by monopo-
lizing power as the Stuarts wished to do, instead
of sharing it With the Aristocracy. Kings sre
very fond of having Counts, Barons, audMar-
guesses at their Levees, with stars at their breasts,
and ribbons and garters, and so forth, but they
are not fond of Grandees who have the power of
lecturing them occasionally, and putting them in
mind of their having a share in the Sovereignty.
These, however, are merely hints. We hope the
predominant Powers will not take it into their
heads to quarrel with us, remaining satisfied with
the aid which they can derive from Sir John
Sewell and Mr. Murray in putting down the
Liberty of the Press. By the bye, in their
next Address they ought to tell the British pub-
lic that our very existence depends on their labours,
that it will depend on their success in chaining the
Press, whether or not the predominant Powers will
allow us to continue to enjoy our independence.—
The Americans seem to think that they would not
be at all benefited by the neighbourhood of another
system, that Holy Allies, State secrets, Congresses,
Plans of Partition, &c., are all very well in Eu-
rope, but not calculated to do much good to
Federal and Democratic States. They wish
to have the American system of popular controul
universal in the Western Hemisphere. Indeed
we should think a King would feel himself
very uncomfortable in America, living by him-
self, and cut off from the sweet intercourse
with neighbouring Court, which constitutes the
great delight of Royalty in Europe. Before even
a royal marriage could be negociated, the fit
might be worn off, and many a timorous Princess
might prefer leading a life of single blessedness
to crossing the Atlantic for a husband. To
pre-
vent Don Pedro and his family from experiencing
these privations, it might be as well to return
them at once to the hemisphere of Legitimacy.

[Nov. TIMES.]
Our readers
will peruse with interest the ad-
ditional Articles to the Convention between Eng-
land and Portugal for the suppression of the Slave
Trade (see THE SUN of,yesterda.O• The Conven-
tion had provided that ships should not be de-
tained for Slave-trading, unless they were found
with Slaves actually nu board ; but the accounts
from
to apublish,
which we have frequently had
occasion
learly prove that this stipula-
Sierra Leone,
stipula-
tion had in a great measure frustrated the principal
object of the Convention. Many vessels, notori-
otuurselyillegal traffic, evaded cap-
putting the slaves momentarily ashore,
by
ymployed in the
and hovering on the coast till a fit opportunity
occurred for their re.e,
nuar&atioo. Strong re-
by our Ministers to the
mpoorntsotgrauteicsees
Governwere
ment le
ent
against this frudulent
practice, avail, until the 15th of last
March,
the articles
above mentioned were at
vl butnm without
length agreed to; by which it is settled, that if there
shall he clear proof that a single slave has been
put on board any vessel for the purpose of Werral
el end the y
vessel,
traffic,essel
ifitcaspbtaul time during that voyage.
the condemnation of the
To some persons it may seem that this provision
is one of such obvious justice that its establish-
ment is scarcely deserving of notice. But we
beg all such persons to reflect how slowly and
by what minute degrees the cause of huma-
nity works its way."l'he
first Bill ever car-
ried through the English Parliament, to " regu-
late " the Slave Trade, and that only " for a li-
mited time," was in the year 1788 (Statute 28
Geo. 111. cap. 54) ; from that time there were
continual advances in Legislative enactment
against the trade, until its Abolition by Great
Britain in 1807 (Statute 47 Geo. 111. Sess. 1.
cap. 36.) : and it has ever since been the ear-
nest endeavour of our Diplomacy to induce fo-
reign Nations to join with us in the effectual
and entire suppression of the trade, Let us
remember, too, that the mistaken view which
the Colonists took of their own interests
rendered them as violentand determined in their
support of the Slave Trade as they now are in sup-
port of the perpetual prolongation of the state of
slavery. The first Bill which passed the House of
Commons fora direct A bolition of the Slave Trade,
hut was thrown out in the Inrds, was the Bill of
1804: and this gave occasion to most alarming pre-
dictions on the part of the House of Assembly at
Jamaica. Their agent, in a petition to Parlia-
ment, "deprecated the agitation of the question ;
set forth the rights of the Colonists to enjoy their
estates and property, acquired under the sanction
of law ; and stated the injury and ruin likely
to be brought upon the inhabitants of that island
by depriving them of a supply of African la-
bOurers." This course of argument the House of
Assembly fully adopted; and added, that the se-
curity of the Colonies would be " endangered by
the experiments of fanatics and the visionary theo-
ries of speculative men," and that their " rights
and property would be sacrificed at the shrine of
pretended humanity and justice:"and they claimed
"complete compensation for the losses sustained,"
"as a right founded on the.clearest principles of
jusice." Nearly twenty years have since elaps-
ed, and it is now confessed that all these fears
were vain. It is admitted' that the Slave Trade
is not necessary to the existence of our West
India Islands : nay, the most enlightened of

our Colonial Planters and Merchants now agree
with the Sovereigns of almost every European
State in reprobating the traffic as repugnant to
justice and humanity. May we not hope that
in the course of the next twenty years the
principles of British freedom will work a sure
though gradual improvement in the sentiments
of those who still resist the melioration of
the Negro's lot ? May we not hope that while
Spain and Portugal abandon the Slave Trade,
Britons in all parts of the world may cordially
concur in preparing the Slaves for emancipation,
and promoting the ultimate extinction of Sla-
very ?

ADVANCE OF PORTER.—The public brewers
of the metropolis, at their monthly meeting of
consultation, all have unanimously resolved that
the people shall pay 6s. a barrel more for porter,
and a proportionate rise has already taken place
in the retail trade. This resolution is founded
on the advance which has taken place in the
value of hops and barley. Many ask. whether
it be legal for a trade to enter into a resolution
only to sell their property at a certain price, as
the English distillers and London brewers are in
the regular habit of doing ? No doubt every
man has a right to hold his property at whatever
price he pleases to place on it : but it may be
doubted whether the law, which is so frequently
applied to the Newcastle colliers, journeymen,
and generally to all the operative classes, when
they meet to compel an advance in wages, might
not, with great proprity, be extended to com-
binations, which, being of a higher description,
are of greater detriment to the interests of the
nation. The Empire is now reaping much be-
nefit from the freedom of trade enjoyed with
America and some parts of Asia, and it is an
anomaly to find two or three of the greatest arti-
cles of internal consumption monoploized by
certain descriptions of people. Bread, beer,
coals, and British spirits are, under the present
system, perfect monopolies, and stand much in
the way of general improvement. The Corn
Bill should be repealed ; the coal trade should
be inquired into and improved ; beer And British
spirits must also come under very different laws,
else great injustice will be done to agriculture
and commerce.—(York Courant.)

We noticed lately a misunderstanding be-
tween a Dramatic Author and the Managers of
one of the Winter Theatres. The following ac-
countus : we give it
that it may be speedily part in the dispute, but sin-
cweirtehloyu
without taking
kstiliitiieinggaaffnayi r has reached
ter-
minated to the satisfaction of both parties,
and the gratification of the public :—" The dis-
NV inter Theatres and a dramatic writer,
agreement existing between the management of
one of the
originated in the cast of the Gentleman's Tra-
gedy. There is a character in the Drama of
a
termed a hit from its effect and variety.
part Mr. A. has appropriated to himself,
alleging from the qualities of the character, it is
particularly suited to his line and style of acting.'
very
high order and great power, calculated for
what is
He however requires the co-operation of Mr. B.
that gentleman, after expressing the highest opi-
nion on the merits of the play, and commending
its interest, passion, and poetry, made an offer
of personating the same character. The author
is satisfied with either gentleman, so the play
be produced. But Mr. A. still requires co-
operation, thinking that no Tragedy can be
successful withont the injunction of his ge-
nius with Mr. B.'s. If so, why not play the
part he would assign Mr. B. But if this no-
tion be unfounded in theory, and contradicted
by practice and experience, let Mr. B. play
singly, as he does in general, or let him play him-
self singly. All the strength of the Theatre could
be produced with this exception. Mr. A. likes the
pa'itsrbik
, hieths from its it. If not, he loves ambition,
but its responsibility. In the mean
time the author is deprived of the fruits of his
time, thought, and trouble."—(Morninw Paper.)

On Thursday last, at the annual dinner of the
Society for the benefit of the Sons of the Clergy,
Lord MEAnovrnANK, in proposing from the chair
the health of the KING, at the same time commu-
nicated to the Society that he had received au-
thority from Mr. Secretary PEEL to declare his
MAJESTY'S royal intention to give 1001. in aid of
the funds of that most excellent institution.—
(Edinburgh Pqper.)
A thumb pottle of green grapes, for making
tarts, were yesterday exposed for sale in Covent-
garden, for Bs. Strawberries, in large potties,
were also at market.
ROBBERY AT HAMMERSMITH.—The house of
Mr. Harrison' the Magistrate residing at Hammersmith, was
burglariously broken open on Monday night, and M. in cash
stolen from a desk in the parlour.
ACCIDENT.—Tuesday morning. about twelve
o'clock, a carriage, with two ladies and a child, was overturned
at arthe end of Parliament-street, near Bridge-street. The
ladies escaped with some slight contusions, but the child's leg
was dreadfunybroken, the bone actually protruding through
the akin

The leaves are appearing on the gooseberry
bushes, and the polyanthus, and some other spring flowers, are
in bloom. The buds are appearing on the hedge rows, and a
number of the trees.. The lark, the thrush, and the blackbird
have resumed their songs, and yoUng hares have been seen in
the fields. On Tuesday, while Mr. Kessen, vintner in. Pollok-
shaws, was visiting Some cattle he keeps in the country, he dis-
covered a bird's nest, in which there were four eggs.-.--(Glasgow
Chronicle.)
The take of herrings in the Frith of Forth con-
tinues to be good; they are of excellent quality, meet a ready
sale, and the fishermen are in high spirits. The prices vary
according to the quantity taken in the morning ; but the most
general rates are 2s. and 2s. 6d. a hundred. A- supply amount.:
ing sometimes to ten cartsful, each cart with 40 or 50 hun-
dreds, is regfilarly sent to Glasgow from -Queensferry.—(Edin-
aurgh Courant.)
A MuituEit, of a most atrocious nature, has
been committed in the parish of ,holden, near
Deal, upon the body of an unfortunate insane
widow, of the age of 84, which is supposed to
have taken place on Sunday se'imight (18th ult.)
and not discovered till Wednesday last (28th
ult.), when, horrid to relate, she was found in a
most mutilated state, with an arm and her fingers
broken, and otherwise dreadfully beat about the
head. We are happy to learn that some clue has
been discovered to bring to justice the persons
who have been committing somany depredations
in the neighbourhood of Deal, the particulars of
which it will not be prudent at present to lay
before the publie.,—(Kentish Gazette.)
