GERMAN PAPERS.

VIENNA, MARCH 29.—We learn that the negoti-
ations for the marriage of Prince Charles of Capua,
brother to the -King of Naples, to the Princess Maria
Christina, daughter of the King of the French, have
been successful. At the beginning of this week, M.
Von Mieg, Bavarian minister in the German Diet,
had an audience of his Majesty the Emperor.
_ .

The day before yesterday-being Holy Thursday, the
young Queen of Hungary performed, in the name of
the Empress, the ceremony of washing the feet of 12
old men and 12 old women. Of the men, the eldest
was 101 years of age, and the youngest 81 : the ages
of the 12 together, 1,019 years. The eldest of the
women was 97, the youngest 85, and the 12, together,
1,075 years.
The conferences of the German ministers have been
very active since the arrival of M. Ancillon. There
are daily sittings, and it is believed that all will be
decided by the end of April at the latest.
BELGRADE, MARCH 23.—Letters from Bucharest,
of the 15th instant, announce the arrival and solemn
reception of the Turkish Ambassador, Achmet
Pacha, on his return from St. Petersburgh.
He intended to perform the whole journey by land,
taking the road by Silistria and Adrianople. Achmet
Pacha put up at the residence of the Bogar Alexghi-
kar, which, perhaps, is the only reason that every body
looks on his appointment to the dignity of Hospodar
as certain, though there may be other grounds con-
firming this conjecture which has been mentionedbefore.
The appointment of Michael Stoardza to the post of
Hospodar and Wallachia is in like manner considered
to be certain.

Accounts from Constantinople of the 11th, say that
the armaments by sea and land are continued with
great activity, especially for the equipment of the
fleet. Some think that the Dardanelles, others that
Samos, is the object of their armaments. The letters
say that the Sultan intends to raise from 48 to 60
piastres, the poll-tax paid by the Rayas, but that to
prevent the collisions hitherto caused by the harsh pro-
ceedings of the Turkish collectors of this tax, the col-
lection of it will be intrusted to the religious authori-
ties of the several christian communities, as also of the
Jews. Unhappily there has been another fire at the
Fanal, which, according to all the circumstances,
seems to have been the work of an incendiary.
ZURICH, MARCH 31.—0 n the 28th of this month
M. Petit Pierre Count of Westdahlen, councillor of
state of Neufchatel, unexpectedly arrived at Zurich,
to deliver to the directing canton ( Vorort) a note of
the following substance :—" That the Council of
State of Neufchatel had received from his Majesty the
King of Prussia full powers to negotiate with the
confederation in order to withdraw from the confedera-
tion as a canton, and only to remain connected with it
as a principality, in such relations as are well adopted
to the line of neutrality of Neufchatel. The Vorort
is consequently requested to invite all the cantons to
give their deputies to the next ordinary Diet the ne-
cessary instructions for prosecuting the negotiations.
The application of Neufchatel is founded, like all its
previous wishes for a separation, on the proposals for-
merly made. Unrestricted passports have been re-
ceived from the Poles to pass through France to
England, France paying the expense of their journey.
The Vorort will now find itself bound immediately to
send away from the territory of the confederation the
Poles who took part in the expedition to Savoy, and
Rome will likewise readily accede to the will of the
confederation.—Allgemeine Zeitung, April 5.

HOW TO PASS THE TIME IN PRISON.

One day, when my straw had been changed, I
observed, among what was newly brought, a piece of
elder which had helped to tie it. This discovery
caused an emotion I cannot describe. I conceived
the idea of converting it into a flageolet, and the
thought transported me. Hitherto I had heard no
sounds within my dungeon but those of bolts and
chains ; I could now vary them by a sweet and
touching melody, and thus accelerate, in some de-
gree, the tardy step of time. What a fertile source
of consolation ! But how could I construct the
flageolet ? My hands were confined within two iron
rings, fixed to a bar of the same metal ; I could only
move them by a most painful exertion, and I had no
instrument whatever to assist me. My gaolers
would have refused me even a morsel of wood, al-
though I could have offered them treasures in ex-
change.
I contrived to take off the buckle which confined the
waistband of my small-clothes. I used the irons on
my legs to prepare it, and to bend the fork into a
kind of chisel ; but it proved so ineffective, that it
was with the utmost difficulty I was able to cut the
branch of elder, take out the pith, and shape it as I
required. At last, after many attempts, and several
months' labour, I had the happiness to succeed. I
call it a happiness, for it truly was one : I enjoy it
to this hour with increasing interest. Thirty-four
years have elapsed since I constructed this little in-
strument, and during that time it has never been a
single moment out of my possession. It formerly
served to dissipate my cares,—it now enhances my
enjoyments. I will give directions, after it has con-
soled the last moments of my existence, that it shall
be placed in the hands of some true apostle of liberty,
and fixed in one' of her temples, to record, with
similar memorials, the attempts of despotism.
I was very anxious to tame some spiders, but in this
I was less skilful than the unfortunate Pelinon.
The method I employed to take them was singular.
tied a fly to a hair of my head, and suspended it
thus over a hole where I knew there was a spider :
the spider came out and seized it : I could then
carry it where I pleased ; for the spider, not being
able to climb along the hair, or detach himself from
the fly, remained in my power. I then tied the
hair to the grating of the loop-hole, and put a goblet
pf water under it. The spider let down a thread
by which he could descend ; as soon as he touched
the water, he went back again to the fly, and in this
manner I could keep him a long time ; but I tried
in vain ; for I never was able to familiarize a single
one.

INCENDIARY FIRES IN SURREY.—On
Tuesday evening, two ricks standing on the ground
,of the Rev. Mr. Buckle, at Banstead, were set on fire
by some incendiary, and destroyed. It is considered
most extraordinary that the property of this gentleman
was selected for destruction, as he is remarked for the
extreme kindness which he has always displayed for
those who required assistance. He was very active in
procuring allotments of land for the labourers, and
was a liberal contributor to the Labours' Friend
Society. A reward of 100 guineas has been offered
l'or the apprehension of the incendiary, viz., 20 guineas
by Mr. Buckle ; 30 guineas by the Association at
Banstead, and 50 guineas by the gentry of the neigh-
bourhood.

" THE FINEST PISANTRY" AGAIN.—
On Easter Monday a most disgraceful riot took place
in Ahascragh, at the fair. Hundreds of Lord
French's tenantry were literally in a state of warfare
with the people of the town. Skulls were laid bare,
and bones broken ; some lives are despaired of.
''Sticks, spades, forks, and every species of weapon
that could be had were in requisition. There were
but four police in the town, owing to the Assizes.
They succeeded in arresting three of the ringleaders,
and the day after six men were lodged in the Bridewell
of Ballinasloe.—Galway Advertiser.—On Monday
night a large party of men, some armed, attacked the
house of a very old man, named M'Cabe, residing
near Ardee ; after firing in some shots they broke
open the door, and knocked down the old man ; they
then dragged him and his two daughters out, and
locked them up in the barn of a farmer residing
convenient to them, after which they com-
menced breaking the poor people's furniture,
and demolishing the house, a stick or stone
of which they did not leave standing. It appears they
came amply provided for the performance of such a
job, with sledges, spades, &c. One of M'Cabe's
daughters had a struggle with one of the ruffians, to
save her infant child from being burned, as some of
the party cried out to roast it, which would have been
carried into execution but for the humanity of one, of
the party, who would not permit such a demoniac
crime to be perpetrated. In the struggle the infant
was knocked out of the mother's arms, and severely
hurt against an iron pot. The police having heard of
the outrage early next morning, Sergeant Harrison, of
that force, and some of his party, in conjunction with
Sergeants Williamson and Reynolds, of the peace pre-
servation establishment, and a party of men under
their command, promptly repaired to the scene, and
by their exertions succeeded in capturing nine men and
s woman, who have been fully identified by the
Cabes,..Droyheda. Aurnal,

LONDON,
FRIDAY EVENING, APRIL 11, 1834.

The French papers of Wednesday, and some
dated yesterday, have arrived.
Some disturbances had broken out in Lyons,
but they had been put down without any serious
consequences. The discussion on the associa-
tion law had been brought to a close in the
Chamber of Peers. Three of the articles were
voted, and little doubt existed that the whole
would be agreed to on Thursday. The rumoured'
journey of the King and Queen of NAPLES to
Paris was denied at Naples. The marriage of
a French Princess to the Viceroy of Sicily had
not, it was said, been positively agreed on.

The Spanish people have become clamorous
for the convocation of the Cortes—a measure
of obvious and pressing necessity, and which
ought not, perhaps, to have been so long de-
layed. An article has appeared in the Madrid
Gazette of April 1, to allay the public impa-
tience.

The intelligence from Germany is declara-
tory of the war resolved on by the Northern
Powers and their associates against those who
promulgate liberal opinions. Some conspira-
cies, or at least alleged conspiracies, had been
detected at Berlin. Several foreigners had been
ordered to leave Prussia. It is said, on the
same authority as the foregoing, that the Prus-
sian army in the Rhenish provinces was to be
immediately reinforced.

FRENCH FUNDS.-PARIS, APRIL 8,
Five per Cents. 104 f. 40c 45c. 30e.
Four per Cents., 93f. 40c.
Three per Cents. 78f. 15c. 10c.
National Loan, 104 f. 3 c.
Bank Actions, 1,7 sf.
Rente de Naples, 94f. 50c. 65c.
Roman Five per Cents., 95% 96 93%.
Bente d'Espagne, Five per Cents , 26% 27.
Rente d'Espagne, Three per Cents., 4114 40% 41.
Roya! Spanish Loan, 82 814 s.
Rente Perpet. d'Espactie. Five per Cents , 66% 66 66U
Belgian Loan, 1831. Five per Cent., 9734%.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, -f. -c.; money, 25f. 25c.
Three months, paper, -1. -c. ; money, 2if. Itc.
-Coors Authentique
FRENCH FUNDS.-Patts, APhIL
Five per Cents., 104 f. 40c. 30c.
Three per Cents., 78f. 10c.
Bank Actions, 1,795 f.
Rente de Naples, 941. 60c.
Roman Five per Cents., 95%.
Rente d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 26%.
Bente d'Espagne, Three per Cents., 40%.
Royal Spanish Loan, 81%
P. en te I pet. d'Epagne, Five per Cents., 65%.
Belgian Loan, 163., Five per Cents , 98.
Haytian Loan, 272 f 50c.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
line month, paper, -1. -c. ; money, 251. 25c.
Three months, paper, --1. -c.; money, 2.5 f. 15c.
--Coors /Jut/tent/vie.

The Spanish Minister to this country, Count
FLORIDA BLANCA, is the representative of
the celebrated President of that name. He
comes here charged with an important mission.
Don CARLOS is still harboured by Don MI-
GUEL in Portugal, greatly to the annoyance of
the Queen Regent of SPAIN. There seems no
way of compelling him to retire, but by send-
ing a Spanish army into Portugal. To effect
this, it is necessary to obtain the permission
of the Portuguese Government, and the sane-
tion of Great Britain. This will not, we pre-
sume, be denied ; and as a Spanish army will
therefore very speedily enter Portugal, some
important results may be expected. Don PE-
DRO should offer security to the Nobles who
still take part with MIGUEL, that their pro-
perty, lives, and liberties, will be safe in the
event of their abandonment of the cause of the
Usurper, as there is some reason to believe
that they only want such a guarantee to induce
them to withdraw their support from Don
MIGUEL. It is the fear of confiscation, in case

N ,
'i. \

of Don PEDRO'S success, which leads then to
cling to the Usurper.

If proof was wanting, which indeed it is
not (on the contrary, it is most abundant), of
the advantage to the peace and improvement of
the world, of a close alliance between England
and France, it would be furnished by the in-
dignation which the subsistence of it provokes
in those whose ambitious projects would be
furthered by war, and whose despotic power
depends for its existence on the perpetual de-
gradation, and ignorance, and disunion of
mankind. The Muscovite politicians are
known to be frantic at the ' continuance of the
good understanding between the new MilOry
of France and this country. The renewal of
such assurances which the English Ambassador
has received—the marked attention which is
paid to him by Louis PHILIP—and, still
worse, the obvious sincerity with, which they
are made, and the entire concurrence of the
public, and the Court, in their wisdom and ne.
cessity, wounds the satellites of tyranny to the
quick. They labour incessantly to sow dissen-
sions and to excite jealousies, but it is all in
vain ; they reap nothing but discomfiture and
discredit. The Duc de BROGLIE will, pro-
bably, be prevailed on to return to his post
whenever such a step shall be requisite. Mean-
time, precisely the same line of policy will be
pursued, and with respect to commercial rela-
tions benefits of no inconsiderable extent will
arise from the change, such as it is. So may
all mischievous plots and intrigues in France,
and every where else, end in the failure and mor-
tification of the intriguers

The Morning Chronicle contains the follow-
Lng extract from a letter from Madrid

" On Saturday night last several arrests took place
here, in consequence of the discovery of a Carlist
conspiracy of some extent. Two Canonegos, Briga-
dier-General Soto—a Councillor of State and Ex-
Secretary of the Lotteries, and a M. Estefani, with
six others, were taken up, and I have heard it said that
one of the Infantes, Don Sebastian, was implicated in
it. The Pretender (Don Carlos), it appears, is kept
well informed of what is going on here, for he knew so
early the intention of the Court to send troops into
Portugal, that we already have heard here of his hav-
ing quitted the point on which the troops were to
march into Portugal in order to capture him."

If the measure of which notice has been
given by the CHANCELLOR of the Ex-
CHEQUER relative to the Poor Laws, shall be
approved by Parliament, it will be more ne-
cessary that there should be inspectors of the
houses in which the poor will be maintained,
employed, and, we hope, educated, than there
was of such officers under the Factory Bill.
Now it appears to us, that the inspector may
also be keeper of parochial accounts, and the
Government registrar of births, marriages, and
deaths, and for the performance of the first
duties he may be paid a salary by the respective
parishes who will reap the benefit of his labours.
A small fee for the latter will be quite sufficient
to make the office one of consideration, and it
will be eagerly sought after by persons of ability
and respectable character. The parishes might
have the selection, subject to the approbation
of the magistrates of the district, and the com-
missioners or the Government the power of re-
moval in case of incompetency or neglect. As
the great difficulty with respect to registration
is the expense, it will be well to unite as many
engagements as as are not incompatible, so that
on the one hand the expense may be small ;
and on the other, the office of registrar, inspector,
and accountant, may be sufficiently remunerative
to make it an object of consideration to well-
educated and altogether competent persons.
Copies of the registry, as well as of the inspec-
tors' reports, may be sent weekly to an office in
London, and, peihaps, quarterly to the county
town, for reference at the sessions and
assizes, through the Post-office, postage free.
The advantage to the Government of having
an able and industrious person in every con-
siderable parish, through whom information
may at all times be obtained, on which perfect
reliance can be placed, will be incalculable.

----•~-

We have just seen an able pamphlet entitled
" The Case of the Poles at Portsmouth." The
writer takes up the cause of these high-minded
patriots in a noble spirit of enthusiasm, such as
needs only to be read to be admired. The Poles
have indeed claims upon the freemen of every
country and denomination. The cause of which
they are become the martyrs, is the same which
Europe has most deeply at heart—the cause of
general liberty and civilization, and those who
bleed in this glorious cause, who sacrifice their
all to further its progress, should not be forgotten
in the -hour of their distress. At some more
leisure moment we may revert to this subject.

A Parliamentary return to an order (moved
for by Mr. BRISCOE) for a list of all Coroner's
Inquests held in the Metropolitan prisons since
May 1, 1832, is before us. The first page re-
lates to the King's Bench prison, and contains
the names of 31 prisoners on whom inquests
have been held, together with the verdicts.
Our attention has been particularly drawn to
two. WM. PICKEN SMITH, Sept. 3; verdict,
" Natural Death, accelerated by imprisonment."
ROBERT HEWETT, Feb. 7, verdict, 44 Natu-
ral Death, accelerated by the prospect of a six
months' imprisonment, by order of the Insolvent
Court, and the detaining creditor not having
replied to the applications made by the. surgeon
for his discharge." How many persons have
shared the same fate in this boasted land of ci-
vilization and piety from the same cause it would
be difficult to say. Why is the cruelly abused
power given to creditors of taking first the pro-
perty, next the means of self-support, and last, in
such cases as the above, the lives of those whose
crime is often no more than that of not being
sufficiently worldly and selfish ? How long
will a British Parliament perpetuate it ? Sir
JoHN CAMPBELL has been prevented from
carrying his bill for the abolition of imprison-
ment for debt, by the loss of his seat for Dud-
ley, a circumstance which we always deemed a
misfortune, and most discreditable to those who
occasioned his defeat. Some silly dissenters

took the discredit which did not, we believe, in
fact, belong to them or their party—justified Sir
JOHN'S rejection—and held up the example to
other boroughs, as a means of resenting a fancied
slight shown by Lord GREY to some of their
body. The most respectable Dissenters have
honburably avowed their entire disapprobation
of conduct so unpatriotic, unprincipled, and un-
worthy as this would have been, had it been
adopted. 'We hope, however, that so intelli-
gent and active a friend to freedom as Sir
JOHN CAMPBELL, will not be long without a
seat in the House of Commons, and that his
first act there will the introduction of a bill
for the abolition of imprisonment for debt.

There is a very excellent institution in the
metropolis, with branches all over the country,
called the London Missionary Society. A
meeting of one of the associations was held a
few days since at Sheffield, at which Mr.
R A WSO N presided. Our attention has been
drawn to his introductory speech, in which he
states that he could not refrain from noticing
two circumstances which had occurred .of great
paramount interest, since the last anniversary,
and which he might say never could occur again.
He a luded to the abolition of negro slavery and
the alteration in the charter of the East India
Company. With regard to slavery, when he
considered its history—the crime and misery
which it had produced, lie must confess that
the circumstance of its abolition had occasioned
considerable sensation in his mind. GRAN-
VILLE SHARP first introduced the question,
nearly three-quarters of a century ago, and
when he considered the obloquy which the
friends of abolition had met with, and the
final triumph of their principles, he could
scarcely believe the circumstances true. The
second event of importance was the altera-
tion in the charter of the East
.India Company.
He did not allude so much to the system, but
to the opening which had been made for mis-
sionary labours, and the consequences which
would result. About eighteen or twenty years
ago, missionary labour had as it were to be done
by stealth ; and in 1812 the missionaries were
actually ordered home ; and it was a remarkable
circumstance, that at the very time this was
taking place in India, the consideration of a
new charter was before Parliament, in which a
clause was introduced in favour of missionaries.
The other alteration was last year, and he
opined that a great change would take place in
the aspect of our affairs in our Indian posses-
sions. In concluding, he remarked, that at a
first meeting since these events took place in the
east and western hemispheres, it was right to
mention them, as it was very remarkable that
both circumstances should happen in the same
year.

Mr. RAWSON is a very intelligent and in-
fluential Dissenter, and he will allow us to ask
him, and his brother Dissenters, whether the
abolition of the slave trade, the emancipation of
the slaves in our West India colonies, and the
bill by which favour is shown to the missionaries
in the East Indies, were not one and. all effected
by the same party ? whether their opponents
did not strenuously resist these measures when
in power? and whether a satisfactory settle-
ment of them could have been hoped for in our
time, without that Reform Bill which the pre-
sent Ministers introduced and carried ? If the
answers be the right ones, and they can be no
other, then we may ask, what reason there can
be for calling in question either the will or the
power of the same parties to redress all the real
grievances of which Mr. RAWSON and his dis-
senting brethren complain ? If there is no
reason, is it right then to talk of having no con-
fidence in the Government, of compelling them
to adopt this measure or that by an assem-
bly of delegates, and other means of agi-
tation ? Such discourses and such mea-
sures are really unworthy of such a body of
men as the Protestant Dissenters of England.
They will most advance their legitimate objects,
by applying their minds to the consideration of
the best methods of strengthening the hands
of their friends, thereby enabling them the more
effectually and the more speedily to overcome
the opposition which is, and will be, made to
them from parties without whose acquiescence
no important legislative change can be effected
so long as the constitution of this country re-
mains what it is.
We have been induced to make the last remarks
by an article in the Patriot of last night, which
we quote :-
1 " From the information conveyed to us from all
quarters, we are prepared advisedly to state, that a
mere public meeting of the dissenters of the metropolis
is not likely to supersede, and could not answer the
purpose of a general assembly—we do not say of com-
missioners, for no legislation is contemplated—but, of
representatives of. the dissenting body from different
parts of the kingdom. We are well aware that our
friends in the country have long been ready to answer
to the signal ; and we are assured that they will ap-
preciate the motives which have induced us to defer
giving it, till the general feeling appeared to be ripe
for the movement. Such a meeting appears to us to
be now indispensable, in order to ascertain and to
demonstrate to the public, that unity of sentiment
which we are persuaded pervades the great mass of the
dissenters, and to• defeat the base attempts that are
made to divide them, or, if that cannot be done, to
make them seem divided. We feel assured that our
friends in the metropolis would feel greatly relieved
and strengthened by the opportunity of concert with
their country brethren ; and the early part of the
month of May has been looked forward to as a con-
venient season for inviting them to such a conference.
Before that period, it will probably be found imprac-
ticable to make the necessary arrangements ; but the
present position of affairs so deeply affecting the dis-
senters, renders it imperative that not a day should be
lost. Should the call be made, we earnestly hope
that the response will be unanimous."

Now, as the dissenters are already represented
in Parliament ; as they have expressed their wishes
to the Government by memorials and petitions
innumerable, and as they have, doubtless, made
known to their representatives during the recess
their grievances and the methods they have to
suggest for their relief, it is difficult to perceive
the necessity for such an assembly of delegates
as that which it is thus sought to convene
The recommendation, connected as it is with
previous remarks from the same quarter,
not only indicates want of confidence in the
Government, but also an unworthy mistrust of
the House of Commons, which is at present

most willing to relieve the dissenters. Why
should attempts be made to deprive them of the
satisfaction of doing that freely which they may
be less eager to do when they learn the fact,
that their dissenting constituents, fearing they
will not do their duty, have sent up persons to
watch and goad them to the performance of that
which they will do cheerfully, if confidence is
reposed in their regard for their constituents and
their own honour. And is not the course sug-
gested likely to produce a reaction? Will it
not give a handle to the enemies of the Dissen-
ters to represent that they have designs inimical
to good government—that, uneasy, suspicious,
and unconfiding, they betray conscious weak-
ness ? May it not lead to a similar effort on
the part of the clergy and their friends ? If
the Dissenters thus attempt to act on their re-
presentatives, may not the clergy adopt a si-
milar method with respect to the Lords,
and thus render it impossible for the Go-
vernment to relieve the Dissenters. The
Government, the Parliament, and the most
influential portion of the Press are at
present with the Dissenters ; let neither be
alienated from their cause by unworthy suspicions
and unwise precipitancy. A similar conduct to
that now recommended by some excessively ar-
dent persons was pursued by the Dissenters with
regard to the Test Acti, a little before the
French Revolution. 'What was the conse-
quence ? A continuance of the horrid profa-
nation of the Sacramental Test for nearly forty
years. Some Dissenters seem to look only at
one side, and not to calculate on the- strength of
their opponents if once aroused to combined
exertion. But it is urged that it is necessary
to show that the Dissenters are united. Is it then
intended to form a delegation from all the de-
nominations in every town ? If not, how will
a meeting of delegates from one or even two of
them prove that the Dissenters are united ?
They are certainly of one mind so far as the
redress of practical grievances is concerned, but
the major and more respectable portion of them
are adverse to any measures which shall indicate
a want of confidence in their old and long-tried
friends in the Government.

The Lord Chancellor will receive the Judges
and King's Counsel at his house, in Great Stanhope-
street, on Tuesday next, being the first day of Easter
Term.

Sir Richard Keats is to have a public fune-
ral, all the naval officers belonging.to the Royal house-
hold having received orders to attend. Sir Richard
Keats was one of the earliest friends of his present Ma-
jesty, with whose confidence he was honoured to the
last, and he was also the friend and companion of
Nelson.

Mrs. S. Chapman was severely injured a
few evenings since, while playing the part of Aladdin
at the Front-street theatre, Baltimore. As the pro-
cession was passing a platform, at the back of the
stage, part of the scaffolding gave way. The bearers
of the palanquin, in which Mrs. Chapman was car-
ried, escaped, but she was thrown to the stage, a dis-
tance of sixteen feet. Three of her ribs were broken
by the fall, and her spine was so much injured as to
induce temporary paralysis.—Philadelphia Chronicle.
Westall and Martin's eight original paint-
ings, made for the first part of the " Illustrations of
the Bible," published by Messrs. Bull and Churton,
26,ha have justlloiie
sb-es
tern ac e
eptl,ced on
Cavendish-square,
viewendis h a
-s
gut a
r their pub
ein
order
rc
tlr
oibttry
con-
tradict a rumour which has been circulated that they
could not have gone to the expense of having paintings
by such eminent masters made expressly for their pub-
lication which they are issuing to the public so wonder-
fully cheap, that the price of eight engravings, accom-
panied with descriptions, is but one shilling.
FATAL ACClDENT.—Yesterday afternoon a
lad, aged 17 years, named James Church, was driving
a water cart in Church-street, Stoke-Newington when,
the horse suddenly became restive, and ran away.
The lad attempted to get from the cart, when his
foot slipped, and he fell under it. The wheel passed
over his head, and death was instantaneous. The
body was conveyed to the Falcon public-house, in
Church-street, to await the Coroner's inquest. The
horse afterwards came in contact with another cart,
which it upset, and broke, when it was secured with-
out doing further damage.
HOP INTELLIGENCE.—The young bines
are springing luxuriantly—some in Bearsted parish
are a foot out of the ground. Many of the tenderest
old bines which had been cut late are much infested by
the flea. This is to be traced to the cold night and
hot days. In the strong hills, however, the plants seem
to be fast shaking off these enemies, and are growing
rapidly.—Maidstone Gazette.
STEAM NAVIGATION IN RUSSIA.—It
seems that this colossal power is extending itself over
the whole world.; The St. Petersburgh paper of the 25th
of March contains an official tabular account of the
days on which the steam-boats will respectively sail
from Riga and Lubeck, from the 23d of April to the
sth of November, with the proviso that passengers
should offer so late in the year. The trips are to be
about twice per month, and the passage money 30 sil-
ver roubles in the second cabin, and 45 silver roubles in
the best cabin. The cabins are represented as very
commodious, and the freights of carriages and dogs are
specified. The distance is about 600 miles by sea, and
between 800 and 900 by land.
_ _

The following awful instance of the uncer-
tainty of human life occurred on Tuesday last at the
house of Mr. France, the sign of William the Fourth,
Exeter-street, Portman-market. It appears that
about half-past four o'clock in the afternoon of the
above day a labouring man, named William Bowen,
residing at No. 15, Little Exeter-street, went to the
above-mentioned house, and on entering it, was at-
tacked by a slight cough, upon which the landlord
jocularly remarked, " Why, IVilliam; how loud you
cough ; I don't think you will cough so loud next May
Day." " I don't care a farthing about that (replied
the man) ; I wish it was all over with me now ;" on
saying which he retired to the premises at the back of
the house, and entered the water-closet, from which
he came shortly afterwards, coughing violently,
and a large quantity of blood gushed from his
mouth, and he immediately fell to the ground. Two
medical gentlemen residing in the neighbourhood
were sent for, and were quick in attendance, but human
aid was of no avail, as the vital spark had fled. A Co-
roner's inquest will be held this afternoon at five
o'clock, on the body of the unfortUnate man.
REVOLTING MURDER.—Our town was
thrown into unusual consternation on the morning of
Saturday, by a rumour which was afloat respecting the
murder, by some country people on the preceding even-
ing, of a party of police, who were escorting to the bride-
well of Cahir, an old and notorious offender, whom the
former, after the perpetration of the wicked deed, easily
rescued. On minute inquiry we learned that three
policemen, a sergeant and two privates, were pro-
ceeding from Newcastle to Cahir, when about half-
way between these places, and at so early an hour
as half-past 4, P. M., were waylaid by seven or eight
persons, who are said to be young and apparently
active men, and after some resistance on part of the
police, one of them was horribly murdered, and the
two others were left on the road in pools of blood.
One of the latter, we have heard, has since died, and
the existence of th-e'other is perfectly hopeless. A gen-
tleman who shortly afterwards passed by this theatre of
tragic carnage, describes the scene as most frightful.
The men who survived, almost in the. pangs of death,
senseless, yet giving signs of life, by their moanings
and groans. He has intimated that their heads were
literally cleft asunder—their faces mutilated to a
shocking degree, so that their acquaintances could
scarcely recognize them. The military of Cahir Bar-
racks scoured the country during the night, but to no
effect. It is to be hoped, however, that the arm of
justice will quickly overtake those °fenders, and punish
them summarily for a crime the cause of whose com-
mission we have vainly endeavoured to ascertain.—
Tipperary Free Press.
