CAMBRIDGE TOWN ELECTION.

(FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.)
CAMBRIDGE, JUNE 4.—The most active preparations
are making for a spirited contest at this election, which, it
is expected, will take place next week, in consequence
of the Right lion. T. Spring Rice taking office in the ad-
ministration, and consequently being required to solicit a re-
newal of the suffrages of the electors. He will be opposed
by his old adversary Sir E. Sugden, who paid his respects
to his Tory friends at the Eagle Inn, on Saturday evening
last. In his speech, which occupied some time at the balcony,
he alluded principally to the division in the cabinet, rela-
tive to church property, and expressed his determination to
uphold the ancient institutions, &c., and his address
generally was full of that ancient language with which
the ancient Tories are so perfectly conversant. Sir Edward
returned to London the next day, but left his committee to
" whet their swords" in his absence ; and he again visited
them this evening (Wednesday), when lie addressed them
at the same place.
The Right Honourable T. Spring Rice arrived at the
Hoop Hotel last night, and addressed his friends from
the window, reserving himself until this evening, when a
public meeting took place in the Assembly-room, attended
by about 800 persons. The hon. gentleman was loudly
cheered when he mounted the platform, and made a most
brilliant speech, which would, in detail, far extend the
limits of a hurried communication. He stated that it was
under circumstances • of no common feeling that he
appeared before his constituents, in the first
place, with a deep sense of the obligations
he had received from them, and, in the next place, it was
on one of the most important occasions which could
possibly require him to address them. He could not
expect that in a meeting like the present they could be
all of one opinion but, on the . contrary, in an intelligent
town like Cambridge, where there existed numerous minds
anxiously watching the conduct of their representatives,
it was impossible that they could be unanimous in their
opinion of his conduct. (Cheers.) He then entered into
an explanation of his political conduct during the last
two years, alluding to the various important enactments
which had taken place in that period, particularly
the reduction of taxes, the abolition of negro slavery,
the Corporation Commission, and last, though not the
least important, his vote on the pension list. In mentioning
the latter, he took occasion to refute a calumny which had
been industriously circulated, alleging that he had for-
feited a promise originally made upon the hustings, but he
referred them to a report in a newspaper which he held in
his hand, of his speech on that occasion, wherein he stated,
" That he would endeavour to check abuses, as far as
he could ; but he would not mingle with future
reforms any vindictive feelings in• reference to the past."
That statement was made in answer to an elector—he
gave him his honest opinion, and he lost his vote.
(Cheers.) His conduct was before them, and they could
not accuse him of saying one thing upon the hustings, and
another in Parliament • nor had he acted thus to throw a
shield over unmerited pensions, but rather to maintain
the faith of that government which had now brought in
a bill to prevent pensions being granted except in cases of
public service. His principles had been imbibed at the Un-
iversity of Cambridge, and he trusted he should always pursue
the straightforward course of which those principles formed
the ground-work. The right honourable gentleman spoke
at some length in reference to the Dissenters, expressing
himself a true Churchman, but willing, at all times, to
protect the religion of those who differed from him, at the
same time hoping they would not blame him for a steady
adherence to that faith in which he had received his
earliest sentiments of religion. He concluded amidst the
most enthusiastic cheering, and seemed fully confident of
his success in the approaching contest.

The large amount of 4 per Cent. stock on
which dissent has been given, and the peculiar circum-
stances in which it is placed, by obtaining a preference
in the market over stock on which assent has been
givens
itnoetshse
inr eidt catnio n,
da 1 ave led
departure
to
from
considerable
the
rule extent
hereto-
fore observed at the Bank on similar occasions. It
was the practice heretofore, and it was at first the wish
of Lord Althorp to adopt it on this occasion, to follow
the stock in the order of dissent, each portion of it
being numbered and transferred with its number,
which was easily done when the amount of dissent was
small and the transfers few, but the difficulty of this
course was, it is said, soon made apparent. It was al-
leged that it would prove nearly impossible, on account
of the great extent of business done in the dissented
stock, to get through it all, if this arrangement was
persisted in, and thus the holders of the dissented 4
per Cents, who have a right, like the rest of the stock-
holders, derived from an act of Parliament, of making
what transfers they please, would lose a market for
their stock in effect, as purchasers would not be easily
found if they had any impediments to encounter in the
re-transfer. These considerations have induced, as
we are informed, the abandonment of the old plan, and
transfers of dissented stock will consequently take
place in the same manner and with the same facility
as any other stock. A separate book has been opened
at the Bank for this purpose-- Times.
Don Miguel is, we hear, to have sixty contos
of reis, between 16,0001. and 17,0001. a year. He
binds himself not to interfere in the affairs of Por-
tugal, and not to return to the Peninsula. .
Miss Inverarity, of the Theatre Royal,
Covent-garden' was married on Monday week at St.
iles's Church to Mr. Martyn, of the same theatre.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT,

THIS DAY, THURSDAY, JUNE 5,

HOUSE 'OF COMMONS.

The SPEAKER took the chair at twenty minutes after
twelve o'clock.

Mr. J. MAXWELL brought up the report of the com-
mittee upon the Lanarkshire Roads Bill, and also moved
the third reading of the Wiahaw Railway Bill, which was
read a third_tirne!.nd passed.

Mr. WALTER presented a petition against the Kings-
close Enclosure

The Marquis of CHANDOS presented a petition from
Taunton, in the county of Somerset, against the Great
Western Railway Bill.
Lord LOWTHER moved the third reading of the
Kendal Tithes Bill, which was read a third time and passed.
Lord M. HILL brought up the report of the committee
upon the Newry Roads Bill.
Col. SEALE moved the third reading of the Dartford
Roads Bill, which was read a third time and passed.
Mr. HAWES brought up the report of the committee
upon the Southwark Water Works Bill.
Sir A. AGNEW brought up the report of the commit-
tee upon the Selkirkshire Roads Bill.
Mr. S. LEFEVRE brought up the report of the com-
mittee upon the Kingsclose Enclosure Bill.
Mr. WALTER opposed the bringing up of the report,
on the ground that no compensation was allotted to the
poor from the loss of commonage, and because the entire
poor population of the parish was opposed to the bill. The
hon. member referred to evidence taken before the com-
mittee, to show that this bill would be highly injurious to
the intereas of the poor of the parish, who had
a right of commonage, and were about 196 in number.
The passing of the bill would have the effect of throwing
the families of those persons, who were now in a great
measure supported by the common, upon the parish. For
these reasons he felt bound to oppose this bill. The hon.
member concluded by moving that the report, with the
amendments, be read a second time this day six months.
Mr. S. LEFEVRE contended that that house was
always attentive to the rights of the poor, and in no in-
stance could they show the deep interest they took in their
poor fellow-subjects' welfare than in passing such bills
as the present. Notwithstanding the opposition offered
to it by the honourable member for Berkshire, he
(Mr. Lefevre) was ready to maintain that this bill was of
the greatest service to the 196 poor families who had a
right of commonage. They would have a portion of this
common enclosed for them without any expense, and free
from tithe. (Hear, hear.) He was ai anxious as any man
to support the rights of the poor, and to advance their in-
terests, and he thought he was doing so in the most effec-
tive manner in giving his most strenuous support to the
present bill.
Mr. H. HUGHES agreed with the hon. member for
Berkshire in the view which he had taken of this bill, as
there was no clause in it by which the 196 poor families,
whose interests were interfered with, would be com-
pensated for the loss they would sustain by the enclosure
of this common.
Col. CONOLLYsupported the bill, and contended that
the committee had paid the strictest attention to the rights
of the poor under this enclosure bill. He was at a loss to
know how much more they could do for them than they
had done. And after the best consideration, he was
convinced that the rights of the poor were most sedu-
lously attended to, and for that reason he would support
the b.ll. _

Mr. F. 0 CONNOR opposed this bill, and wished to
remind the house that 170 of those who were interested in
the bill had petitioned against it, there being only 26 in
favour of it.

Mr. GISBORNE said, that if the opposition to this
enclosure bill were to prevail, there would be an end to all
enclosure bills. (Hear, hear.) What would then become
of the four millions of acres of waste lands in England?
They would lie uncultivated, and the labourers would be
obliged to emigrate, to cultivate the waste lands of other
countries. He. knew from practical observation, that the
poor in the neighbourhood of commons were generally in
a more destitute state than in any other situation, and for
these reasons he would stp)ort the
Major BEAUCLERK denied that all enclosures were
beneficial to the poor ; it might be so in many cases, but
he had known many instances in the counties of Surrey
and Sussex, in which enclosures had been most destructive
to the rights and amusements of the poor. He thought
that the present bill was one for the rich and not for the
poor, and he would therefore oppose it.
Sir H. HARDINGE took a quite different view
of the bill from that taken by the last speaker,
and he felt convinced, after attending carefully to the
evidence taken before the committee, that this bill
would greatly benefit the poor of the parish. lie con-
tended that thr, inhabitants of the parish were in favour of
this bill,-40 rate-payers and 200 cottagers had petitioned
in favour of it. For these reasons, he hoped the house
would not throw out this bill, as the effect of their doing
so would be to put an end to all enclosure bills.
Mr. R. WA SON opposed the bill on the ground that it
made a wide distinction between the rich and the poor in
the manner in which the land was allotted.
Mr. PEASE said he should vote for the amendment.

Mr. GODSON wished to know whether a man, who
held his estate by possession, which was the best right in
the world, was to be left to the mercy of a commission in
the shape of a trustee? Was there to be one law for the
rich and another for the poor ? Suppose a deed could be
procured, why was the poor man to be put to the expense
and trouble of any such proceedings ? He thought the
house NN ould never support the principle of this bill.

Mr. BLACKBUINE said.the clause was a most ex-
traordinary one ; for while it gave an estate to the person
and his heirs, it refused to suffer him to assign it ; and
the moment•he erected any building upon it, in came the
commissioner and barred him out.

Mr. S. LEFEV ttE replied, and the gallery was cleared
for a division, when there appeared—
For the original motion
Against it
Majority against the bill

Lord ALTifOR-P presented a petition from East More-
ton, and other places in Northampton, in favour of the
established church.

Mr. CA RTw RIGHT supported the petition.
Lord MILTON said that if the legislature, on the show-
ing of the dissenters, had the right to control the univer-
sities and church property, he could not see why
they should complain if the legislature thought proper
to maintain the Established Church. He would support
the reasonable claims of dissenters, but certainly would
never consent to any measure that would result in the
separation of church and state. (Hear.)
Sir H. HARDINGE said he was glad to hear the
'Ole Chancellor of the Exchequer say it was necessary to
maintain the connection of church and state, but could not
reconcile that declaration with the noble lord's conduct
towards the Irish church.

Lord ALTHORP explained.
Mr. SHAW said the commission recommended by the
noble lord was calculated to produce the separation of
Church and State in Dublin, that it would set a price upon
the heads of Protestants and make them marked men, and
it was a measure Di all others calculated to injure the Irish
Church and all belonging to it.
Mr. FlNNagreed that inquir) into the state of the Irish
dCehseurrtcehd
,wtohueldpeinojpulerewiitt,h
ofourt tp
asw; would
ors,
the discover
well
-tphe a
ai
dperliesrhgeys
without flocks, and the churches without worship.
Mr. RUTH YEN agreed with the learned recorder of
Dublin that this measure would produce mischief, inas-
much as it would array Protestants and Catholics in hostile
aspect towards each other.
Mr. LEFROY said a fair inquiry would do no harm,
but it would lie impossible to obtain one in a country r h re
the Catholics overwhelmed the Protestants by n.t.GuhmeEibNreEorßas.tAhLs
ADVOCATEweTreheinLtroodituncedbysir
G. apndHltLieirlis,TanTOdtt Ntorolk'
and seats. The hon. members were warmly cheered on
entering.

•
GRAND FANCY FAIR AND BAZAAR IN
THE REGENT'S PARK.-(THIS DAY.) •

This day the Grand Fancy Fair and Bazaar, which is I
held in Mr. Jenkins's nursery grounds, the inner circle of
the Regent's Park, under the immediate patronage of her
Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, her Ro}al Highness
the Princess Victoria, the Duchess of Sutherland, the
Marchionesses of Westminster and Tavistock, the Colin-

tesses of Essex, Pomfret, and Durham, Viscountesses
Andover and Maynard, the Ladies Suffield, Dudley
Stuart, Brougham and Vaux, Denman, the Hon. Mrs.
Abercrombe, Lady Taylor, Conroy, Baroness De Roths-
child, Mrs. John Abel Smith, and Isaac Lyon Goldsmid,
takes place, for the benefit of the New North London
Hospital, St. Pancras. During these several days past,
very extensive preparations have been made in Afr Jen-
kins's Nursery, Regent's Park, to give eclat to the
delightful and entertaining spectacle. Several excellent
bands have been engaged, amongst which is the superior and
admirable one of the Coldstream Guards. The articles for
sale are of theme st tasteful description, the tents are numerous
and extensive, for the company to retire to in case of rain,
or excessive heat from the sun. The saloon or bazaar,
which contains an immense quantity of articles of various
descriptions for sale, are of excellent qualities. To give
encauragement to this excellent charitable institution, the
principal part of the illustrious and noble Patronesses Will
be on the ground, and assist in vending commodities. To
prevent any improper conduct inside the gardens, a large
body of the police are stationed both inside and out of °
gardens.
