THE SUN, LONDON-, WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 1840.

moner, renewed his efforts to procure a Reform of which would give money to the fruit-growers and a
the House of Commons. tasteful product to the people ? The plain reason
He became comparatively less conspicuous by is that they must then attack a monopoly which is
his exertions after 1822, and as the ardour of youth only less hateful than their own, and rather than
gave way to experience, he gradually withdrew from risk the loss of their own tax on the people by stig-
a scene where nothing was to be gained for the matizing another, they sanction the plunder by law
people commensurate to the waste of his own health. of the West India planter, and spread far and wide
In 1828 he was raised to the Peerage, and through the community misery, discord, and hatred.
though his Lordship was not a very assiduous at- Nevertheless these are the protectors of society.
tendant in the House of Peers, there was no good These are your Gods, 0 Israel.
measure which he did not support, and no bad one Fools that we are, like Israel's fools of fore,
which he did not oppose. The calves ourselves have fashioned, we adore ;
But let true reason once resume the reign,
On the formation of Lord GREY s Ministry he These gods will dwindle into calves again."
was_ made a member of the Cabinet, and was
one of three Ministers to whom were confided the
task of drawing the first Reform Bill. With the
second he had no hand, though he supported it
zealously in the House of Lords, and in particular
distinguished himself by defending the formation of
the metropolitan boroughs, " knowing," as he said,
" that, with all its imperfections, it was one of the
greatest charters of public liberty, and one of the
greatest renovations that ever a Government staked
its existence on, or any two Houses of Parliament
ever passed into a law."
From an infirmity, it is said of temper, but rather
we believe from the searching and sincere nature of
his mind, which would not allow him to sit down
contented with half information, or submit to attain
his ends by any round-about methods, his Lord-
ship did not agree with his colleagues, and remained
but a short time in the Ministry. He subsequently
went on a special embassy to St. Petersburgh, and
with whatever objects he might have been sent, no
public benefit appears to have resulted from his
mission. 'We remember well, indeed, that he was
much complimented by the English merchants
resident in that capital, to whom he undoubtedly
rendered important services. The want of some
splendid success, where, perhaps, success was im-
possible, made the Russian embassy somewhat un-
popular with the people, and more unpleasant re-
marks were made en the splendour he displayed,
than praise was bestowed on the services he pers
formed.
The last and the greatest service he undertook
was to restore freedom to Canada, and introduce a
constitutional Government into that country. lie
went thither as Governor-General. The events of
his Lordship's mission are yet too recent to allow
us to expatiate on them. He was not successful,
and it is generally supposed that the great disap •
pointment he suffered from his failure has
preyed upon his spirit. Certain it is, that Lord
DURHAM, who, before he went thither, was looked
up to as the probable leader of the Liberal party,
and the future head of a more reforming Adminis-
tration than that of Lord MELBOURNE, has since
sunk almost. out of sight, and he was nearly for-
gotten before lie died. We may nevertheless ven-
ture to say that he never before displayed such
great abilities as in his government of Canada. His
statesmanship was there proved to be of a com-
manding kind, and the leading views of his Report,
in which he cast aside the prejudices he entertained
on leaving England, are the basis of the new con-
stitution proposed for Canada. With many faults,
perhaps of temper, of education, of position, Lord
DURHAM had many great and good qualities, and
we may, in these times, well say of him, that we
could have better spared a greater man.
Of his Lordship's private life we know nothing ;
but the devoted affection of his exemplary lady is
the best proof of his domestic virtues.

The discussion which took place incidentally in
the House of Commons on Monday night, on the
Church of Scotland, is not without considerable

nterest at the present moment, when the Civil and

Ecclesiastical powers are on the eve of a collision,
in the case of the Strathbogie ministers. On the
merits of the question, out of which the debate
arose, namely, whether there should be a grant of
the public money for building a hall in which
the Church may hold its annual assemblies, we
do not hesitate to state our opinion that such a
grant is highly improper, not only because it
is a squandering of the public money, but
still more because it trenches upon the
broad principle, that money ought not to
be taken by force out of the pockets of one reli-
gious sect to be applied to the purposes of another.
The Church of Scotland has contrived to get on
hitherto without such a grant, when she deserved
much better of the community than she does at
present, or has done of late ; and it must 'oe ad-
mitted by all impartial persons, th.::, o. more inap-
propriate season could hardly
displaying the munifice
than when she has
kois,
exhausraj. 'nave been selected for
':,ce of the State towards her
placed herself in open rebellion
against its
and when its own coffers are so

Several Bills were last night carried up to the Lords
from the Commons.

Amongst the petitions presented was one by Lord
BROUGHAM from 1,160 persons of colour in Barbadoes,
including 1,100 who had been emancipated from slavery,
complaining of the constitution of electoral qualifica-
tion, and of the qualification of the representatives, the
franchise being limited to 1,200 persons out of a popu-
lation of 130,000. Of the 1,200 electors, not above
200 were persons of colour. The petitioners also com-
plained of the restrictions by which they were pre-
vented from leaving the island, or carrying their
labour to the best market. We have good
reason to know that these complaints are well founded,
and as long as the planters place such restrictions on
labour they have no right to expect a supply of f►ee
Ir.:Dour. The Noble Lord, while he admitted that care
should be taken that the free people of colour should
not be inveigled, said he hoped care would be taken to
look into the Act passed by the Parliament of Bar-
badocs before it was allowed.
The Bishop of EXETER again adverted to St. Sul-
pice, and pn being informed that the ordinance relative
to it would not be laid on the table of the House during
this Session, and that her MAJESTY might consistently
give her assent to it, the Right Rev. Prelate reminded
the Ministers that the Goverbor in Council could not
make any ordinance affecting the religious establishments
of Canada.

The case of Dr. 111‘Gut, appointed to be a QUEEN'S
Chaplain in Scotland by the Tories, and to whom
the Whigs have obstinately refused to give any
salary, was brought under their Lordships' notice by the
Earl of HADDINGToN, who received a similar answer
from Lord MELBOURNE to that given by the CHAN-
CELLOR of the EXCHEQUER to Mr. GOULBURN in the
House of Commons.

The Bishop of LONDON moved the third reading of
the Weaver Churches Bill, which, after a few words
front the Marquis of WESTMINSTER, Lord LURGAN,
and Lord STANLEY of Alderley, objecting to such an
application of trust property, wai read a third time and
passed.
The Commons did not assemble in sufficient num-
bers to form a House, and the SPEAKER adjourned it
till this day. Mr. HUME had a motion for a Bill to re-
form the Reform Act on a broad and judicious basis,
but as nothing could be done with it this session further
than printing it and making it known, we can scarcely
regret that the Hon. Member was deprived of an op.
portunity of bringing it forward. He can have it
printed, and between this and the next session the Li-
beral press can rally the Reformers round his banner, if
it be worthy of being followed.

One at least of the Pro-Corn-law journals has
found out that the landlords do not always take
care of the little farmers. There may be here and
there one extensive landowner whose ground is
chiefly let as fruit orchards, but such cases are, we
apprehend, rare, and the greater number of fruit-
growers, at least in the home counties, are small
freeholders and small farmers. To the injury
which they will suffer from the present exorbitant
price of sugar we have already twice adverted, and
on Monday the Post made the following observa-
tions on the same subject :
, The supply of fresh fruits in London is seldom so abun-
dant as it has been during the present season. The cause
of this is probably to be found, in a great measure, in the
mildness of the weather at an earlier period of the year;
•
• but there can be no doubt that that the quantities sent to
. the metropolis are much larger than they would otherwise
have been, in consequence of the determination to which
the growers have come of not preserving their surplus
stocks as usual, on account of of the high price of sugar.
In some of the more considerable grounds in Kent, and
other fruit-growing counties, we u.iderstand crops of the
estimated value, under ordinary circumstances, of some
hundreds of pounds, will be suffered to rot on the trees,
' the proprietors being deterred by the great advance which
has taken place of late in the cost of that commodity from
gathering them in for winter purposes.
The writer is correct in ascribing to the price of
sugar the loss which the fruit-growers will suffer,
but wrong, we believe, in ascribing to them the
practice of preserving it. That is done by others,
but the high price of sugar makes families refuse
to preserve, and renders pastry cooks unwilling, or
unable to buy fruit for preserving, except at the very
lowest terms,which will not pay the expense of gather-
ing, and so the fruit is suffered to rot on the trees.
This is another exemplification of the manner in
which the bounties of an all-gracious Providence
are prevented from supporting the people by the
villanbus legislation of those who call themselves,
nevertheless, the protectors of mankind. As there
is an abundance of corn in America, and an
abundance of persons here ready and willing
to pay for it—and as our impious law-makers
keep it from the starving people, so there is
abundance of sugar lying in our warehouses,
or might s9on be there, which could be sold, pay-
ing an equal duty to that which the west India
sugar pays, at less than 60s. per cwt., and the said
lawgivers will not allow the people to have it. The
farmers, by wanting it, are compelled to see the fruit
rot on their trees, and so the laN oiver destroys by
wholesale the nourishment which Providence,
through the industry of man, supplies for the sus-
tenance of its creatures. The suffering falls on the
humble classes, who could get, were fruit and sugar
cheap and plentiful,a share of those nice things which
mostthe rich
heavily
still
felt have;by butthe thecu
ipteivcautnoirasryolf fruit,ossvyil:h.
hbb
by
small farmers, and by men who •pay high rents.
For their interest the landlords pretend to watch
For their interest the landlords uphold, they s
Corn-laws, which make the rest of the people
regard the farmers with hate as their enemies, rattier
than with love, as their neighbours and friends.
Now, why, if the landlords take such especial
care of the interest of the farmer, have they not in-
sisted on the reduction of the sugar duties,

either to compel the SULTAN to fibept such
terms as his victorious %Anal might think proper to
propose, or to leave to Russia the task of appearing
the sole protector of the Ottoman empire. The Ca-
binetof Marshal SOULT would come to no determina-
tion, and the facts which transpired relative to the
betrayal of the Turkish fleet to the VICEROY were
ill calculated to allay the apprehensions of the friends
of Turkey. On the accession of M. 'TIERS to
office better things were expected, especially as he
had ever evinced a wholesome distrust of the aug-
mentation of Russian influence on the shores of the
Bosphorus. But no sooner had the " perfect di-
plomatist," M. DE PONTOIs, succeeded Admiral
RoussiN as Ambassador at Constantinople, than
Lord PONSONBY was made aware that intrigues
were on foot for persuading the Divan to listen
to the overtures of the VICEROY, as the Great Powers
were only amusing the Porte with promises which
they had neither the inclination nor the power to
fulfil. Still the ultimatum remained in abeyance,
in the expectation that France would at last see
knowledge. the sound policy of uniting with the other Powers
upon all points ; and if, as is asserted, they now
propose to act independently of her, we repeat that
not a step has been taken, not a note exchanged,
rw othered se. ve of thetFour
not Powers
proposal
without
her byne oo
entire
written—every word spoken by the
representa-
tives of the Four Powers on-the P-
.- -.astern question,
was frankly communic,.
time, and in coy- "-.ea to her at the same
~mon with her illustrious allies.
And -w •
hatever be the course now adopted, we
"cannot think that France will take any step likely
either to endanger the peace of Europe, or to create
even a temporary misunderstanding between her
Government and that of Great Britain. The true
interests of the two nations are identical, and in
nothing more than in keeping Russia in check by
maintattting the integrity of the Ottoman Empire.
Now, deprived of Syria, Turkey is no longer an
independent nation. The Sovereign of Egypt and
Syria must ever have it in his power at any mo-
ment to make himself master of Constantinople.
Now) Syria is here the sole bone of contention.
France is for making over Syria to the VICEROY—a
cession which assuredly Russia would at heart
gladly ratify, as it would make the very existence of
the Turkish Empire dependant upon her influence
at the Court of Cairo or Alexandria—whichever
city MEHEMET ALI may hereafter choose to de-
clare the capital of his dominions.

Fierce diatribes on the Eastern Question, in which
England is accused of treachery, and menaced with un-
compromising hostility, occupy the columns of the
Paris Journals of Monday. We had given our Parisian
Contemporaries credit for more sagacity than they are
displaying upon an affair of which all the details were
as well know❑ to the French Government as to the
Cabinet of Great Britain. The commerce, the Con-
stitutionnel, the National, and indeed the whole of the
French Papers quote the articles which appeared in the
Post and The Sun of Friday last, together with a sum-
mary of the debate in the House of Commons on
Friday night, respecting the alleged secret Treaty agreed
to by Russia, Prussia, Austria, and England, for
settling the Eastern question without the concur-
rence of France, which, strange to say, they seem
resolved to believe has an existence. It is surely too
preposterous to draw such an inference from the mere
assertion of an " Old Whig" in a Tory Journal, in-
tended, no doubt, as a trap to elicit other disclosures
from the Noble Foreign Secretary. Were such a mode
of sounding Ministers generally resorted to, and were
is to be supposed that every report not contradicted by
a Minister was correct, there would be an end of all
secrecy in negotiations between Governments. But
enough has been elsewhere said upon this point.
The news from Spain in the French Journals of Mon-
day consists, for the most part, of attacks upon
the conduct of ESPARTERO, Who is now ac-
cused of coercing his SOVEREIGN, We have
seen private letters from Barcelona, of the
•list instant, in which the charges preferred against
that brave and patriotic officer are proved to be
the must odious calumnies. To ESPARTERO the
REGENT is indebted for her own life and the Crown
worn by her daughter, both of which she would have
sacrificed had she continued to I:sten to the mad sug-
gestions of old PEREZ DE CASTRO and the Camarilla.
In fact, ESPARTERO discharged his duty to his country
and his Sovereign with singular firmness and fidelity,
when he alone was able to save both. That under such
trying circumstances he was not abandoned by the Eng-
lish officers in his suite is to us a matter of congratula-
tion, whatever the Correspondents of the French Jour-
nals may state to the contrary :
PROGRAMME OF THE FETES OF JULY.

(From Galignani of Monday.)
FIRST DAY; MONDAY, 27.—Funeral service will be
performed in all the parochial and district churches of
Paris, in memory of the persons who fell during the Re-
volution. The three masts, with the national banners, on
the Pont Neuf, will remain covered with crape during the
hours of service. Distributions of provisions of various
kinds will be made by the mayors to necessitous persons
in the several arrondissements.

SECOND DAY, TUESDAY, 28.—Salvos of artillery will be
fired from the guns of the Invalides at six in the morn-
ing and six in the evening. At nine a funeral service
will be celebrated with pomp in the church of Saint
Germain l'Auxerrois, the commencement and termi-
nation of which will be announced by salvos of artil-
lery. The authorities and staffs who have assisted
at this service will then go in procession to the Place
de la Bastille. The coffins will be placed in a fune-
ral temple raised in front of the column. Immediately on
the arrival of the cortege the monument will be inaugu-
rated,will give their benediction to the tombs,
ad theii
pronounce
clergy
their absolution. A religious symphony
will hr executed while the coffins are carried into the
vaults of the column, and a salvo of artillery will termi-
nate the ceremony.
THIRD AND LAST DAY, WEDNESDAY, 29.—Salvos of
artillery will be fired from the Invalides at six in the morn-
ing and six in the evening. In the Champ Elysees and at
the Barriere du Trone, from two o'clock till night, there
will be military representations, orchestras for music and
for dancing, mats de cocagne, and various other amuse-
ments. At six in the evening there wilt be jousting on the
Seine, between the Pont Royal and the Pont de la Con.
corde, followed by a nocturnal festival. At seven o'clock
there will be a grand concert in the garden of the Tuileries
opposite the Pavilion de l'Horloge. At nine o'clock a
grand dispay of fireworks will take place on the Pont de la
Concorde and Quai d'Orsay, and a similar one at the
Barriere du Trone. The Champs Elysees, the Hotel de
Ville, the Arc de Triomphe, de l'Etoile, the Pantheon, and
other public buildings, will be illuminated.
Since the above was written the Paris Jo-..irnals of
Tuesday have been received by Extraordinary Express,
They breathe nothing but war against England. The
111oniteur, the official organ of the Government, is
alone silent. Preparations for celebrating the fetes were
in progress.

BOURSE.-PARIS, MONDAY, JULY 27.

first

Highest Lowest

Last

Price Pi'ice. Price. Price
French 5 per Cents ll7 5 ... 117 25 ... 116 ... 116 40
3 per Cents B4 25 ... 84 30 ... 81 25 ... 84 30
:Sank of r'rance
f,Atizte Bank 5,000 f. Sh 5265 ...5265 —5255 ..5265
13,-,igian 3 rer Cents 75 ... 75 ... 75 ... 75
vanish Ae.ive 2614 ... 251 i ... 2614 ... 26 IA
Passive 64 ... 64 ... 64 ... 64
Portuguese 3 per Cents 23% ... 23',78 ... 23% ... 237
;tieapoiitan

ouiau ll,5lAi ... 105 105 ... 165
RAILWAY SHARES,

Versailles,L.B. ---..... 350 ---....750 ... 347 50 ... 347 50
Orleans ..
A USTRIAN FUNDS.—VIENNA, JuLv 18
i sve per Cents. Mctalliques - 109%
FOl4l per Cents.
Three p.,:r Cents. -334
Bank shares 1643
--Aligenzezne Zcitung. July t. 3

PaTgehte,
Gde.cm.ißse. otfh
et hGeovG, ernneorraloft h ec h He l
soena.
CSirl Edward
.
n?unced in our Second Edition yesterday, was erroneous.
The Gallant General's brother, the Right Hon. Sir
Arthur Paget, died on Sunday last, at his residence in
Grosvenor-street, shortly after two, after being obliged
to keep his chamber for a fortnight. He had been se-
riously indisposed some weeks before. He was the se-
cond son of the first Earl of Uxbridge, and brother of
the Marquis of Anglesey, and was born January 15.
1771, and married Lady Augusta Jane, daughter of
the Earl of Westmorel and, and sister of the Countess
of Jersey and Viscount Burghersh, whose marriage with
the late E irl of Morley was dissolved by Act of Parlia-
ment in 1809, by :whom he had a family of nine children,
six of whom survive him. The Marquis of Anglesey
arrived in town, from Cowes, on Monday night. The
funeral is to take place on Saturday, but it will be
strictly private. Upwards of thirty families are placed
in mourning by this death. By the demise of this gen-
tlemnn an insignia of a Knight Grand Cross of the
Bath becomes vacant, and a pension of 1,2001. per an-
num, which Sir Arthur received for his diplomatic ser-
vices, reverts to the Civil List.
JOHN THOROGOOD has named, we are told, his
bird, Sir Robert Inglis, and the bird, pleased with the
euphonious sound, readily acknowledges the title.
Whether the bird be a jackdaw, or a magpie, or a rook,
our Correspondent aloes not inform us.

,
MYSTERIOUS AFFAIR .—About three o'clock
laudanum;
this morninmorninga cabriolet drove up to University College Hos-
nital with a gentleman and a lady. The lady, who seemed to
ano' a very considerable quantity
of
he
be in a state of insensibility, was borne into the hall, when
the gentleman informed the .night-porter ant the lady had
taTikieenstpoomisaoch n.
pump.S hew,,a,assduisreedc,tly attended by the house surgeon.
wasthexentralecitte,d,tealnling the porter that he would
shortly several grains of arsenic.
The gentleman who brought her remained with her fur twa or
three hours
shortly return, but he has not sine e been back. The patient,
whose manners and appearance besy.veak her being in a respec.•
table station of life, refuses to give a ny further account of her-
self than that her Christian name is sCharlotte, that she is 30
years of age, and married, and has a t imily. The effect of the
poison has sunk so deeply into the system, that at present her
live is considered to be in imminent dancer.
On Friday last, his Excellency the Lord Lieu-
tenant of Ireland conferred the honour of Knighthood on Mr.
Richard Franklin, the Lord Ma ,or of DlA,lin. 1
