conceivable how he could take higher than by affirtning
that the abolition of slavery was the truest policy—that
justice demanded its abolition, and that humanity called
aloud for the termination of so odious a system. On that
treble ground %vete those resolutions submitted to the
House, affording, as they did, the prospect of security to
the master, which he never could enjoy so long as his fel-
low creature was a slave; and removing►, as they should
do, the foul blot from the character of Englishmen, which
the existence of such a system had created. It had been
said that the Legislature of the mother country did wrong
in taking from the Colonial Legislatures the opportunities
of grace and favour which the adoption of measures for
the removal of slavery might have afforded them. He
should answer that at once by saying that this, at least,
was left to the Colonial Legislatures that they might
shorten whatever term of apprenticeship the Legislature of
the mother country might deem it expedient to fix ; and
that the Parliament of Great Britain was called upon,
under the peculiar circumstances of that most extraor-
dinary case, to take a decisive course, whatever the
conduct of the Colonial Legislatures might be. Of the
resolutions which had been sent to them from the House
of Commons, he should not then say anything more thin
to obsrve, that the House from which they proceeded did
not appear to have deserved the elaborate vituperation of
which the Noble Baron near him had made them the ob-
ject. In his (Lord B.'s) opinion, there never had been a
House of Commons that more truly represented the wealth,
the intelligence, and the sense of the people of England,
than did the present House of Commons. He concluded
by urging upon the adoption of the House the resolutions
which had had submitted to them ; convinced as he was;
that such adoption would secure to them the gratitude and
respect of their fellow-countrymen.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH distinctly denied having said
anything that could be called a vituperation of the House
of Commons.

Lord WYNFORD denied that any panegyric had been
pronounced upon slavery. All that had been said, and he
would repeat it, was, that the whole project was an expe-
riment, and that he concurred with those who thought
that we should not destroy the commerce and navigation
of the country for the sake of any such speculative experi-
ment. The evidence in support of the resolutions was all
on one side, and it was supported by senseless clamour;
and he therefore hoped that his M Ijesty's Government
wou:d not bring in any Act of Parliament upo❑ the sub-
ject, but would le ire the matter in the hands of the Colo-
nial Legislatures.

The Earl of RIPON said that the very Order in Coun-
cil which the Noble Duke loaded with such ridicule and
was precisely a copy of the Order in Council issued
in 1825, to which the Noble Duke himself was a party.
The resol•itions were then agreed to, and the House ad-
journed at half-past twelve till Thursday next.
