IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT'

The Earl of SHAFTESBURY brought up the report
of the Venue (Ireland) Bill.
The Duke of RICHMOND presented a petition from a
place in the county of Sussex, and one from a place in
Derby, praying the Legislature to interfere for the better
observance of the Sabbath. Also two petitions praying
for the abolition of slavery; and, in the absence of his
Noble Friend, Lord Kinnaird, he presented a petition,
signed by many thousands of the citizens of Perth, also
praying for the abolition of slavery.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY presented twenty
petitions from different places in England, praying for the
abolition of slavery. The Noble Marquis stated that all
these petitions prayed for the immediate abolition of negro
&every ; they all expresser, n anxious desire that any mea-
sure introduced for that purpose might be accompanied by
such enactments as would provide safety to both parties.
Lord SUFFIELD presented two petitions to the same
effect.
Lord KING presented a petition from Kilburnie, in the
county of Ayr, to the same effect.
Earl De DUNSTANVILLE presented two petitions
from places in Cornwall, praying for the better observance
of the Sabbath.
The Bishop of BATH and WELLS said, he rose
in consequence of a charge made by a Noble
Baron, whom he was glad to s.e in his place,
(Lotd King) against a most respectable clergyman in his
diocese. He was glad to be a witness to the respec-
tability of that gentleman, but he believed the best way to
refute the calumnies, would be to read a letter he had that
evening received from that gentleman himself. The Rev.
Prelate then read the letter alluded to ; amongst other things
it said that the petition had been got up and carried about
the parish for signatures by Lord King's agent. That in no
instance bad he raised the tithes since he went to the pa-
rish, but in many he had lowered them. That on the
last tithe day there had not been a single complaint.
That he had never threatened to take the tithe on
fish, and that he had no doubt but that the wicked peti-
tion originated with his Lordship. The clergyman in
question was a most excellent man, and from the inquiries
which be had made, he believed his conduct to have
been most exemplary since he went to that parish.
He hoped that the Noble Lord now felt ashamed of his
conduct; for not one of the facts were traced out to be
true. He trusted the Noble Lord would not go on making
these attacks against defenceless men. The constant re-
petition of them, after the most unequivocal denials of
many of them, would almost lead one to suppose that
he laboured under an aberration of mind. He would only
again say, that the gentleman who had been so maligned
stood in as fair a light as before that petition had been
presented. He trusted the Noble Baton was now ashamed
of his precipitate conduct, and would now rise in his
place, and make the amende honourable to the Gentlemen
who had suffered under the lash.
Lord KING said he did not feel in the predicament
mentioned by the Rev. Prelate. His contradiction came
from the despot himself, at all events from the party com-
plained of.--( Hear, hear.) The gentleman, whom he
called his (Lord King's) agent was a lessee of land in
the parish, and lie was given to understand that
the petition was signed by every person in the parish,
except two. The petitioners were not his tenants, but
the tenants of other gentlemen. He had no influence
over them, and his agent had not signed the peti-
tion in that character but in his character of a lessee of land.
The Right Rev. Prelate had said that the clergyman
had not raised his tithes, but had lowered them.—(Hear,
hear.) There was a good reason for that, because the
price of corn was lower, and therefore the rector was en-
titled to no credit for it. The facts that he (Lord King)
stated yesterday he would repeat to-day ;he bad said that
the rector had caused such alarm in the parish, by his
threat to tithe herrings, that his proctor was burnt
in effigy.—(Hear.) Would the Right Reverend Prelate
contradict that ? Or would he contradict the fact that
the rector had made the parish a little Ireland ? But
whenever a case of hardship against a clergyman was
mentioned, up started some Right Rev. Prelate to assure
the House that the individual in question was one of the
best and most respectable of men. They all knew, how-
ever, that the best men were not proof against the temp-
tations afforded by the tithe system.
The BISHOP OF BATH AND WELLS stated that
be would make particular inquiries, frotn individuals resi-
dent in the neighbourhood, and if he fi,und any of the
assertions in the letter which he had read to be false, he
assured the Noble Lord (King) that he would come down
to the House and state so. lie could not help regretting
to find the Noble Lord so ready, upon all occasions, to
come forward and malign the clergy.
Lord KING said he never maligned anybody who did
not deserve it.
The BISHOP OF EXETER felt it his duty to allude
to a circumstance which oceurred some nights ago,
when he had it not in his power to do justice to a
clergyman of his own diocese,—he meant the Dean
of Exeter. Their Lordships might not possibly
recollect the case, among the multitude of groundless at-
tacks which the Noble Lord (King) was in the habit
of makin on the Clergy, and he would now
therefore, bring it to their recollection. That Noble
Lord stated that the Dean of Exeter had appro-
priated to himself the tithes of two townships in the
county of Devon, that he had made an extremely small
allowance to the Curate, and that the parish had only
ditty performed in it once on each Sunday. He also
stated that the Dean of Exeter had taken care,
when he renewed his tines, to screw them up to the
utmost extent, but that he had given no increase to the
stipend of the curate. He had written to the Dean, who
stated in answer that he had been Dean of Exeter 20 years,
and that he was the impropriator of the tithes in ques-
tion, but he denied that he had ever received a six-
pence of fines. When the Noble Lord thought fit
to make such charges, he ought to recollect that
there was some difference between saying that which his
hearers supposed lie knew to be true, and saying that
which was false.
Lord KING said that his observation was that in all
livings which belonged to ecclesiastical bodies, the curate.
"e
remunerated‘vere
received, a p
anyothers. e w fall es
ohfa d
leases,said
tl
The charge against the Dean and Chapter was, that they
took good care of themselves, and never of those who
al'iseorr
t hee worse
at
g w
i:hte n
to oe b
es a n
increase in the curate's stipend.
did the duty. He would like to know when the increase
of the stipend took place ; it was most likely within the
last two years, and had been promoted by the direction of
public attention to the subject. In all cases of renewals, he
(Lord King) believed it had been made a general rule
to reserve the same sum only from the lessees for the
officiating minister, that had been given for perhaps 200
years before.
The Bishop of EXETER remembered perfectly well
that on the occasion to which allusion had been made, the
Noble Baron had said that the impropriators of tithes
had done their utmost to screw up the tithes

f96'
HOUSE OF COMMONS, FERO 4$
A petition was presented against the return for ',e eS‘
and ordered to be taken into consideration on tm
April. •
Mr. SHAWE presented a petition from a PllliDt
e
Suffolk, praying the House not ta agree to 811,10 °.
the relief and employment of the poor, until th
the Commissioners to examine into- the condi° of
~o
poor was laid before the country. pare',
Mr. E. DENNIS brought in a Bill for the 4,.,
raising money to make compensation for the dna' •ogby
in the hundred of Broston, in the county of Mlti
which was read a first time. ilk
Mr. W. PATTEN, brought in a Bill to rn"l3 aDirsA
from the Warrington and Newton Railway t°
ham, which was read a first time.Pcoc
/c
Mr. BENETT moved the third reading o 1
8%0
sure Bill, but from the noise in the House, we e$
hear to what part of the country it related. a bit
Mr. BRISCOE opposed the Bill, and expree°,, ofoi
tention to take the sense of the House upon ',40 of 1.
ground that there was no provision for the rig; be e
poor, although no less than 1,000 acres were t „
closed by the Bill. 11 Pit
Mr. BENETT, in reply, said the rights 0'
were expressly reserved by the Bill.—( Hear.)
After a few words from Mr. Price, Mr.Estcont'' prIP
W. Harvey, and Mr. Benett, in explanation, grpg
withdrew his opposition, and the Bill for enci°6l,bird°
in a parish in the county of Wilts, was read A
and passed. fat
11,1 r. O'CONNELL obtained leave of absence ot
weeks for an Hon. Member, whose name gl'.ll3j-isilf,
in the gallery, in consequence of a domestic e'e,ll,l'
the most afflicting nature. The Hon. and LealPipclo
ber then postponed his motion respecting theB,l9,3ie
of the Irish Reform Bill, on the ground that "
directly interfere with questions referred t°
$
Committee of that House. did
Lord A LTHORP postponed his motion regal h,
mutation of tithes in England and Wales, to t'
March.

• S
,ve to biwg in, b

,ved fr

Mr. PORTMAN rrio,. or lea\
consolidate all the Acts regarding highwaYe•
in this Bill, the Hon. Member meant to Wro-01
04
changes in the mode in which highways wer,,et sl
kept in repair.—(Hear, hear.) One importa- big'
was with regard to the levies by which tbea orin4l
were kept in repair. Great difficulties hi' wool
raising these levies, and it was difficult for: tslo
person to know exactly the proper steps to " A
order to compel the necessary payrnents.
be 1
sition upon this head by this Bill would otegr,,,
a highway rate, founded upon the poor torri
certain extent. Another important change ;
alteration in the turnings and blocking' uP °seleclot
which had met with the approbation of the t
la
mittee last year. He proposed, in the 6rli $ 5
that any of the inhabitants, in vestry' %l)
might propose, to save the unnecessary keeti
any highway that might be useless, that "ort
closest, or perhaps diverted into some fivis°
tion..--(Hear, hear, hear.) He believed Oh elk
be satisfactory to the House and to tebete,y
He thought it desirable that in all instances i" t 0 Y"
spondent did not appear, he should be loP,,eosec:if
costs. Another important alteration be Pr 4,, op di
in the present law was, to give a power t 4 IPtel
the decision of the Magistrates making t; 041400
rate, which did not at present exist. Tbec-,.
alterations of some importance, providing 0; So
of the inhabitants and other matters, but 11,, 00,01
that this was net an interesting subject t" i$
although one of the greatest importanee.tiogir
tails. He would therefore conclude by stibetor)
proposed that the Act should take effect to itb
This was as to its general provisions, for, 'llO.O 0
12°
the appointment of surveyors, he thought it deo- op)
should take place at the same time as the overstre
Mr. WILKS seconded the motion, and woe
to the exertions of the Noble Lord upon thi4'
Leave was then given to bring in the 13'11
CURRAGFI OF KILDARE'S
Mr. EDWARD RUTHVEN moved far
lative to the charges and profits of the abegeoor„,,,
Mr. P. THONISON moved that the SPeof
his writ for a new election for the borough Of
the room of himself, he having chosen t°
cbester.—Ordered.
PHtENIX PARK. of ti;
Mr. RUTHVEN moved for the return' prio
had given notice, relative to the extent, 0150e(J'oc:
penditure and profits of Phoenixof
Colonel PERCEVAL moved for return.'biichC
of prisoners in gaols in Ireland, distingo9e 10.0#
from Protestants. He understood from thlferol`
Gentleman opposite (Mr. Rice) that the 00°ts.
not he made, because the Catholic and Protec el
were classed together. His reason f°
ins i
this return, however, was, that it
to the Protestants that they were Inei°ll"else'
in the commission of outrages in cries'
wished to show that the increase of t
garded the anarchy and confusion in tbi,,,(01,
not been caused by the Protestant-I'o-
06 ,y
,0
hear.) He took that opportunity of
of v
gross libel bad been published in 91,01.40
prints against a Noble Friend of his, the,01,100,),
of the county of Longford, in which big erso,o,
accused of having favoured the escape of diri°6+
stated, was charged with murder. The I'l, 00,,
to was a most respectable grimier, who WL'clefetr,
returning from Dundalk, and in his osliti
a wound that occasioned the death of his
Mr. SPRING RICE slid, that althot 000'i
tion might be obtained as might do for "'be
private infottnation, still it could not 0,11:
perfectly correc,-. When prisoners svereo the 14:
were not bound to tell their religion, 0(1 rtie
returns was to have accurate informatioo; CO 4,
perceive that it would not be prude° „id Petoi
present motion. Even if the return c°lo,l
made, it would be a most invidiou' big !I,
--(Cries of " Hear, hear.") That sy3so, &it
tion to the motion. They had no rigl't
set of persons to state in what s
in the chronicle of crime, particolarcersl9
Ireland, where the greatest crime tnighto
and poverty. The inference that Ivo° 1,0001
be of a religious kind, and, therefore, 1,1;11
the Hon. Member would not per'istcl
After a few words from Mr. pr As 400/
Mr. STANLEY said, in answer t,,°,.0%, fe?
him by one of the Hon, Members for %dig;
went was not at present prepared t° or 1"4
specific measure on the subject of the P°ooo
BL,fore any one resolved that the P°er,,c oth ti •
introduced into Ireland, he must resoi:oto tleor:
of poor laws was necessary, 10a%; be 111'
and on what principle they show, .„tier 00!
the observation which the Hon. I"e`"tie,ti°
surely must know that there was rl.°ol(l,,,pirecti,
parties were more divided among n._11,; tbecos
the poor laws ; and that was especu,
trY st
Members from that part of the coo°_ refer,
difference of opinion existed, withoeu`differeci
cal or to religious sentiments. The t sod it
;
in fact, was that which all
might conscientiously entertailiLlo,nesihe°::lot,l:,
satisfactory judgment on so inipor.r,, it st,,t,
these circumstances, he did not ti 4_05
sr
blame to the Government, that, a"beir
direct oolq
affairs to which they had to tbe of
had not been able to bring beforec e
_oort
bje
of affording a legal provision fur b
ol'oe
thought, indeed, that if there Wasu_ot P
b
more to be feared by te GOYer

`.
