[MORNING urritALD.]

There is still a probability of a pacific settle.
ment between France and St. Domingo. The
Commissioners of the latter have left France, not
because the negotiation was broken otr, but from
their not being invested with sufficiently full
powers. It would appear that the French Go-
vernment would be satisfied with retaining the
style and title of Protector of St. Domingo, re.
[Jouncing the sovereignty. Our opinion is, that
the French Government had better at once ac-
knowledge the, independence of ilayti. The
Blacks there appear to be able to maintain their
independence, which is all that France, or any
other Government, ought to require from them.
In a trading respect, it is very immaterial to
France, whether she holds the sovereignty of
that island, or whether she does not, provided
the
rpopulutiou of the Blacks remains the same
io a state of independence as in a state of bon-
dage ; for where there is population, there
must be trade—and as in 'all probability the
Ifaytians are not manufacturers, they must be
supplied with clothing, iron, &c. from France,
or other , parts of Europe. As to the question,
whether, in a state of independence, 'they will
coatinue to produce sugar, coffee, and so forth,
io,the same ratio as they did in u state of slavery,
the extent of that will depend on the advantages
they may derive from doing so. But if the same
population remain, and are clothed, fed, and
Judged, as well as before, and if, as is probable,
they have no Manufacturers, they must neces.
sootily import manufactures from some place, and
if impoit, they must pay for them ;.and
hOw• are they, to effect a payment.to France, or
any other country, but by coffee, sugar, rice,
and so fortill- For we never heard thatlfayti
prOtinced' gold or silver, therefore they cannot
pay in the latter. We should notbe surprised if the
g'rerichGoVernment were at length beginning to
open their eyes to the folly of fielding colonies be.
yard 'the period of their being capable of being de
...Met?) independent. England his experienced, its a
-striking instance, the increased commercial bene-
fit she has received by reason of the separation of
the United States from her.. Cn all probability
the United States, now independent, are better
citAtnmers to England in proportion of one hurt•
tired to one, than if that tract of country had still
remained dependent on her.

(THE TIMES.] •
When the Alien trill was last under discus.
skin in Parliament, Mr. Peel described it as an
essential mitigation of that arbitrary and uncoil-
trifsatiore, that all such foreigners as
could prove a seven years' 4 residence-" in the
United Kingdom, would be thenceforth released
from its grasp. The Minister took full credit
fur this indulgence—and we are willing to he-
iiele that he did not intend the clause as a merely
culaurable, but as a bona fide provision on behalf
of a ;Yertein class of aliens it is, therefore, as
Much to bring the subject under Mr. Peel's con-
sideration as under The public notice, that we
''"its 'it once the manner in which the spirit of
11'4 amended law has been violated. A merchant
in tile otrot London, having called within these
fliw days at the Alien Mice to take out •his
cepilicate as a seven
ye!arie resident iti irang!
land, was asked wlother he could undertake
to say that, • during the period of seven years,
he had never been fur, a
single day out of the
kingdom. The gentleman was unable to carry
his declaration so far, end was, rr fu„,d hie corti.
hew. at is to he observed, that tor_ nu, „ass
past this foreigner has carried ..on 'usi • years
past and
has, during that time, rented constantly a dwell-
ing-house and counting•houge in Lontimi. In
order, therefore, to establish the correctness of

the meaning assigned to the term " residence" by
the Alien-office, it must he laid down that an ex-
pedition to Calais by one steam-boat, and a re-
turn by the next, will work a defeazance of the
new clause in the bill, and reinstate the Secretary
of the Home Department in the full plenitude of
that absolute power over Aliens ,which he pro-
fessed with such exemplaiy temper and modera-
tion to abandon.

[MOO /4ING 1101 r.)

One consideration arising out of the monstrous
pretensions of the Catholic priesthood to work
miracles has been strangely overlooked, in the
different remarks upon that subject, which have
been occasioned both by the Hohenlohe imposi-
tions in Ireland, and the more recent crime com-
mitted by the priest Carroll. We allude to this
—that if miracles can be wrought by such ordi-
nary persons as Catholic Clergymen, the strongest
evidence' which we possess for the Divinity of
the Redeemer and his Mission is subverted.—
When Mr. Hume wished to destroy the foun-
dation of Christianity, he argued against the pus-
'Ability of the truth of those miracles recorded in
the New Testament, and the great, learned and
pious authOrities who have written in support of
our religion have uniformly rested their reason-
ings ou the fact that divine power alone wus
competent to the performance of such superna-
tural acts. But grant that Prince Hohenlohe or
Father Carroll Is able to reverse the course of
nature, and our Heavenly Saviour is at once de-
graded to the level of, their wretched humunity
It is indeed equally horrible and disgusting to
reflect upon the consequences to which the pre-
sumption of Catholic Cleigy and the ignorance
of their infatuated flocks so directly lead. In
Irland the utmost which has resulted from the
murder of Sinnott's child, is, that a few of the
higher orderti of Catholics are ashamed not to
allow that a Priest may go mad, while the most
rations t of the lower orders insist on oath, that
even i►► a state of insanity he can work miracles!
