•-1 9. • rr., 4r1V,4., 4IV
16, • v
-
'3"
I L'44 LiA,DAJN Tti rrr, A I .11 .1t440- •

Fitting on a chair in the dining. room. He appeared to be writing.
He had a pen in his hand, and a small piece of paper lying before
him on the table. I said " What the devil do you sit there for:
You ought to go out arid see for some one, cr a doctor.' He said
!must write to
,Mr. Russell. He only wrote about two words. I
said some one must go to Mr. IlUsSelL Mr.. Russell lived near Bel.
grave-square. He got up and vent to the street door. There was a
labouring man going past, and lie beckoned to him. I told him not to
call such a man as that, and the man went on. In a tiny minutes
after that the coachman came. and Mr. Latham's servant, Young,
came also. They went up stairs. . lam not sure whether any 'one
went up with them. I think I was on the stairs when Young said
something to me about fetching a doctor. I was about to do so
when the coachman went to fetch Mr. Elsgoed. In afe LV minutes
after he went the police arrived. I think I west .up into
the bedroom with them. I then saw hit - Lordship's face.
I noticed it at that time, ani.l I saw- a :quantity of blood
I was in the habit of making the bed. His Lordship usually lay
next to the window ; there were two pillows ; they were generally.
placed side by side, as if for two persons. They were in that state
when I saw them that tnorniag. His Lordship was on his right
side, with his face towards the window. He was lying with his
head on the pillow nearest the window, and the other pillow-was
lying behind his head. It was the corner of the pillow
next the window, on which ite was lying, that I had
noticed blood when I first went in, in the morning.
There was n dressing.table in the room, the one with a wh;te c'oth
on which L rd Russell was accustomed to ptace his pencil-case,
tooth-tick, his rings (five in number) which he wore daily. There
were none of these articles on the table then. I saw a purse on
the table. It was empty.

Mr. Boniim said, that perhaps it would be as well if the officer
were to produce thet:e articles now, in order to their being idea.
Lifted. But it apoeared thay were not quite ready. The witness
who had been standing in the witness box upwards of three boors,
requested to be permitted to sit down, and, under all these cir-
cumstances, the Judges, after consulting together, determined to
adj,iurn the proc-;edings for a quarter of an hour, for the purpose
of enabling the Jury and the Court to procure some refreshments.
(To be continued in our SECOND EDITION.)

COURT CIRCULAR.

WEI)7;E:=.DAT.----Tlie Queen gate a grand iir-
ner this evcning,' in St. Geolges Hall, to ,a numerous
'party.! The company Consiated of the_ following:--Eler
Royal' Highness tge DuChe4 of Kent, his Sercue High-
ness the Prince of Leiningcn, Mousieut Guizot, the French
AMbassador, Duke and Duchess of f3eanfort; Marquis and
:Marchioness of Douro, Marquis and :Marchioness of Nor.,
manby, Earl and Countess of Erroll, and-Lady lila Hay:
'Fart and Countess of. Uxbridge, and the Ladies EleanOra
Ind Constance Paget, Earl and Cetintess of Albemarle.
Earl of Surrey, Earl.o7' Marelf; and Lady
.Caroline Len-
nox,- Viscount: seTborne, Viscount and Viscountess Pal-
naerstein and Lady Fanny Co Lord' and Lady Say,
mour, Lord and Lasty.../iirmaird; Lord and Lady Robert
Grosvenor, Lord Levetein, Lori Walpole, Lord Clarence
Paget, Lord George Paget, Sir Henry Wheatley, Madame
la Marchese ci'llarcourt,Right lion. George S. and Lady
Agnes Byng, lion. Colonel Cavendish, Mr. Cavendi&b,
lion. Cowper, Mr. George-Edward Anson, Mr.
and. Hon. Mrs. Brand, Colonel Wylde, Mr. and Mrs.
Harcourt (of St. Leonard's Hill), Lady Anne Maria
,Daa-son, lion. Miss Murray, Hon. Miss Lister, Baroness
het:zeta, Lord Lilford, Hon. C. Augustus Murray, Sir
Fred: S:ovin, LOrd Alfred Paget, Sir Edward Bowater,
Mr: Francis Seymour, Colonel Rc•id and Colonel Mac-
donald of the. Life Guards, and Major Irton and Major
Stevenson of the Riffe Brigade.
His Royal Highness-Prince Albert rode on horseback
in the Great Park thi3 forenoon, attended by Sir Edward
Bowater, Mr. George Edward Anson, and Mr. FranciS
Seymour. His Royal Highness returned to the Castle at
half-past two o'clock.

Prince George of Cambridge took his departure this
morning for the Queen's Lodge in_ Bushy •Pat 4; to
.pay a
visit to her Majesty the Queen Dowager on his way to
town. Colonel Cornwall also left this morning Air town.
The Duke and Vachessof Somerset and the Dukc and
Duchess of Leinster left the Castle this
His Excellency Mons. Giiliot 'the Fr,;nch Ambassador,:
the Duke and 'Duchess of. Beaufort, -Marquis and Mar-
chioness of Douro, Marquis of Noinfinby, Countess of
Erroll and Lady Ida Hay, Countess of Albemarle, Earl
of Surrey, Lord and Lady Robert Grosvenor, Lord,-anfi
Lady Seymour, Lord Leveson Lord Clarence Paget,
Viscount Melbourne, Sir -Henry Wheatley; and the Hon.
William Cowper, arrived today at • the Castle on a visit
to her Majesty.
The Queen inspected last evening two prints from
Ross's celebrated 'miniature of her 'Majesty and Prince
Albert, just engraved by Mr.- H. T. Ityall; and which
were submitted to the Queen by Mr.. Mania ColnagLi,
Her Majesty was graciously please l to express her un-
qualified approbation.
Her Majesty and Prince Alb2rt accompanied by the
Prince of Leiningen, returned to the Castle from Ascot
at six o'clock last evening The Royal party have
not been to day to the Races, but to-morrow it is expected
that the Queen and Prince Albert, accompanied by the
numerous visitors at the Castle, will honour the A.Qcot
races with ther presence.
Her Majesty will have another grand dinner party in
St. George's Hall to-morrow evening.

The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge honoured the
Archbishop of Canterbury with their company to dinner,
last. evening, at Lambeth Palace. .
Prince George of Cambridge returned to town at half-
past five yesterday afternoon; from a visit to her Majesty
at Windsor Castle.
Viscount Melbourne left town yeiterdly afternocn, on a
vis:t' to the Queeta at Windsor Castle.
Lord Clifford,,Lorel Kvane, Sir Joshua Rowe, and Mr.
Jeretnie had interviews with Lord John Russell yesterday,
at the Colonial Office.
_ _ _ _

Mr. Mark Philips and a Deputation had an interview
,yesterday morning with Viscount Alclbuurne, at his official
residence in DavOing-street.

SPORTING IN_TELIIGEINCE.

~ - •
ASCOT. HEATH RACES.
The second has ever been an indifferent one at Ascot,
like the Wednesrlay in the Newmarket and Doncaster meet.
ings, and the Thuraray at Epsom, it is a. make weight, and
rarely affords sports ot any interest even to racing men. The
list advertised for yesterday had little to recommend it ; five
races certainly appeared in it, but it was whispered that two
or three would end iii a walicoier; unluckily for the
Spectators, turned out to be the case"' With so little to attract,
a large company :wits ,not expected ; however, it reached
the average of former years, and that there was a fair sprink-
ling of fashion, the :following list of visitors will. prove ..--Duke
and Duchess of Beaufort, Duke of Rutland, Marquis of Exeter.
Marquis of Normanby, Earl of Errol; Earl of Jersey,, Earl of
March, Earl of Orford, Earl of Uxbridge, Earl of Albemarle,
Earl of Stradbroke, Earl of Wilton Earl Bruce, Lord C.
Manners, Lord G. Manners, Lord G. Ilentinck, Lord J.
Manners, Lord Lilford, Lord Rosalyn," Lorrl Macdonald,
Lord Maidstone, Lotd -Kdburne, J. Fitzroy, Lord
Villiers, Lord Somertsm, Sir A. Clifton, Sir 11. Sey-
niour, Sir H. C'ambbell, Sir J Shelley, Sir F. Collier,
Hon. G. Ansou, Boni General Grosvenor, Hon. H. bons,
flott. G. Fitzroy, Ifotrr, G. S. Byng, lion. J. Macdonald, Hon.
C. A. Murray, flop. .I..,Wodehotise, General•Pigot, Colonel
"Peel, Captains Gardener; Bulkelev, Williams, Knox,
Martyn, Seymour,: Williamson, Ricardo, Pella t ; 3lessrs.
Sh:ifto, Thornhill, Ilation, Pryme, Hungerford, Waller Brand,
I'liillimore, Greene, •;Townley, Neville, Hawker, Waller,
Shelley, Rush, Fee. The weather Vtas'fine up to the last race,
whin the rain came down in earnest; and had not ceased when
We left the ground. The racing will !peak for itself
The Swinley Siakei of 25 soy. each, 5 ft, with 50 added, for
3-yrs old. ist 4113.4 4 yrs, Bst 10113.; fillies allowed 31b. The
last mile and a ha}f, to start at the -Swinley post, 4 subs:
Mr. Bowes's Heiman Platoff, 4 yrs „—walked over.
Sweepstakes of 200 SOvs.. each, h ft, for 3-year &d colts, Bst 51b;
and fillies, Bst 2lb ; those by untried .stallions or out of un-
tried mares allowed albs; if both 51bs. Swinley Course,
4 subs.
Lord Exeter's c Scutari
The Coronation Stakes of 100 sous each, h. ft., for 3-yr-old
. fillies, Bst 7lb baeh. The new mile, 9 sub:.
Lord Albemarle's b. f. Spangle " (Cotton) I
Col. Anson's bk. f. Black Bess
M. Thornhill's Emetic

Mr. Bull's b. f. b. Camel, out of Bangtail
.I%rliTtarbeth.tt;.etsieriegF,c,.v‘c—.iopr2tsht.a,ost I.tAhatingcl.ttrana,
sEmetic-stand;
ot on 4Taugesstdaßyl,a‘evkere mßess-sore,
by
iyi
2 agst Spangle'and 3 to 1 agst Bangtail.
Emetic made play:at a good pace, with Spangle second,
Black Bess well up with the latter; and Bangtail in the rear,
the distance where Spangle headed' Emetic; a beautiful race
between the three, was wan by Spangle by a neck; Black Bess
beating Emetic for second place by half a length. Bangtail
was beaten off. • •
Sweepstakes of 100 so's each, h ft, for foals of 1838 ; colts,
Bst 71b, and fillies, Bst 31b ; those by untried stallions or out
of mares whose produce.never won before the day of naming,
allowed 31bs, but only one allowance. Three quarters of a
mile. 5 subs.
Lord Albemarle's b e Doctor Dilworth, allowed :sibs, walked
over, and divided the stakes with the Duke of Bedford's f by
Taurus, out of Plaything. allowed 31bs.
Plate of 501. for maiden horses at the time of starting ; three
years, 7st 41b ; four, Bst 81b ; five and , upwards, 9st 21b.
Mares and geldingst allowed 31b. Swinley Course.
Mr. Gal pin's b f Blemish, by Emilius, 3 yrs ...... ...( Percy) 1
Sir G. Heathcote's bf by Huntington Beauty, 3 yrs
Mr. Pillimore's ch f Tiny, 3 yrs
Mr. Osbaldeston's ch c Auburn, 4 yrs
Mr. Bishop's br g by the Pacha, darn by Reveller, 4 yrs
Betting.-6 to 4 agst Blemish, and 4to 1 agst Auburn.
.131enifli made the running from the first.turn, and won cle-
verly by a length. The-gelding was beaten off.
upwardi of 100 t, than on the first slay in 1839, a proof that if
the company was not so great as hail been anticipated; there
Was 'no falling off. We ought to have stated, that besides
making the Stand a good one to look from, as well as to look
at, the Committee consulted the creature comforts of the visit-
or's by placing the refreshment-rooms under the joint contract
of Messrs. Hare and Ford, of Richmond ; the addition of ice to
many other delicacies proved. vastly agreeable.
VIE CUP.
. .
•
When we left the course the odsis were as follows :-
4 to 1 agst Mr. Pettit's St. Francis (Macdonald.)
9to 2 agst Mr. Ridsdale's Bloomsbury ( Templeman.)
6to 1 agst Duke of Grafton's Montreal (J. Day. )
7to 1 agst Duke of Rutland's Flambeau ( Robinson,)
8 to 1 agst Mr. Isaac Day's Caravan (J. Day, jun.)
8 to 1 agst Mr. Thornhill's Euclid (Conolly.)
10 to I agst Mr. Scott's Two
12 to I agst Sir G. Heathcote's Valentissimc(Chapple.)
Copt.t e3irdsnro7ars7ts SibA7 sntk
Muleteer, 200 to 5 agst Mr. Morgan's Quo Minus
It was considered doubtful whether. Qn6 Minus or other of
Scott's two would run.
. The following are the weights for the Grand Stand Plate,
' this day :—Mr. S. Herbert's Arctic, aged; 9st 9;1) ; Lord
Albemarle's Domino 4 yrs, 9st 31b ; Mr. V. King's
Ruby, 6 yrs, Bst 1111; ; Corbet's Jenris; Jones, '4 yrs,
Bst 91b Mr. Byng's Barrabbas, 4 i.rs, 8 t 41b ; Gen. Gros
venor's Daedalus, 5 yrs, Bst; Mr. V. king's Msdurf, 4 yes, 8••t;'
Mr. Shelley's The Drama, 4 yrs, 7st 1215 ; Capt. Gardnor's 10,
4 )rs, 7st 121 b ; Mr Forth's Solace colt, 3 yrs, 7st ;alb; Mr..
Weller, 4 yrs, ist 81b ; Lord Exeter's Amu-
LBootiedvEn
,xe4te3rr'ss,
7Ssetti4talbri;,
Jl3l
ry.rsß,e7rsetsf4orlbw;s
44 revvrisil,etiss tP7el brie; l eiNsir 117115e1
Exeter Hellespont,3 yrs„,Ost ; and Mr.
'mist'. 3 yrs,6st Lord
Exeof Dewdrop. • ,
Bob6Adin•P' es
belC,3:37' Laurel, out

CRICKET. .
GOWN AND Tow NOF CAMBRIDGE—MA RYLEBONE CLUB.
—On Tuesday this match, between seven gentlemen of the
University with three players of the town of Cambridge with
E. Wenman given, and seven noblemen and gentlemen of the
Marylehone Club, with four players of their ground, was de-
cided at Lord's, after two days scientific and severe play, in
favour of the latter, by 49 runs, the innings of Marylebone
amounting to 267, whilst Cambridge scored but 218.
The game commenced about mid-day, in the presence
of a large concourse of persons, among whom were noticed
several distinguished amateurs' including Lord F. Beau-
clerc, Lord C. Russell, Lord W. Beresferd, Sir H. Pey-
ton, Honourable F. Ponsonby, lion. G. Ponsonby, Hon.
S. Ponsonby, and Col. Hawkins. On Monday, shortly before
twelve, the wickets were pitched on a beautitul piece of turf,
as level as the bed of a billiard table, and the play began
by the Marylebone gentlemen commencing their innings.
As the match excited an unusual degree of interest among
sporting men, bets to a considerable amount were laid, and
both sides backed themselves freely, the Cantaba espe-
cially. At the commencement betting generally was
5 to 4 in favour of Marylebone, and at the
conclusion of their first innings it advanced several points
in their favour. The Marylebone players were —Hillyer, Ilawk..
oi nf sw, Ci on bt
ebrettotn,
,R .K
Hon.y
Cap
t.
as taont : E
Liddell,
eIl, Dean,
T. M. Wythe, P Hon. Col. Lowther, Earl
—sq., F. G.
Tuck, Esq., and Bentinek, Esq. The Gown and Town of
Cambridge players were :—Pryor, Fermi*, M. Hand, Esq.
Wenman, lion. F. Ponsonby, Boning, T.A. Anson, Esq,,
Kirwan, Esq., H. Parker, Lsq , W
1. De St. Croix, Esn. , and
H. Mills,
_...
ills, Esq
- —...... ........."+

.-_ .
tend progres-
,.
" The peculiar vibrating quality of the
metal of which Mr. Solomon's newly-invented ' Voice
Conductors' are comrosed, combining w►th their structure,
gratifying render them highly calculated to improve the hearing, at any
that they are
age, but particularly where general torpor prevails, producing
great debility of the nervous and muscular power of the ear.
my decided approval of the supe-
These instruments, by preserving a natural expansion of the
ear, admit and concentrate the most trilling sound, and by thus
to ob-
serve,: invceolyu rttaohgai nt gt
removeliltesi
rat
icl.olteiromanuirsoanl seatsdotehfaecdcatp.
te
adapted
oft
it sohnietiitn
g ear
imperceptible, and can be worn w►th perfect e.,se. I also have
much pleasure in expressing
rior.efticacy and construction of his 'Patent Spectacles,' for all
eases of impaired vision. Mr. Solomon's scientific attain-
ments are perfectly obvious, and render him justly deserving of
he professional eminence he enjoys.—J. Knight Carey, M.D.
Thomas-street, Limes ick. —To Mr. E. Solomons, Optician,
&c., No. Zi6, Old Bond-street, and No. 1, Old Jewry, Cheap-
side,"

EAST INDIA HOUSE.

The CiIAIR7NIAN Eald that the papers relating, to the
interests of the Company laid before Parliament were now
on
.the tt.ble of the •H )use, in accordance with the bye•
laws.

•
Mr. &ImmoNs, in relation to one of those papei!s,
wished to ask whether there was any negotiation goieg en
between tlie. Government and the Director; relating to
the !part of the expenses of the war with China to he
borne by ;he Fist India, Company.
The CfIe;IRMAN inter' apted the Hon. Gentleman, The
Court. was-made special on several greunds, and if they en-
tered into a discussion then that business would be post-
poned sine die. He then informd the Court that the
warrants for the dividends due on the sth of July would be
ready on Monday, July 6.
! • The CHAIRMAN then laid on the table very voluminous
papers relative to the case of the Rajah of Sattara. The
Dirt etors bad not made a selection of the papers, although
some thought that would have been the best cours. They
had laid the whole before the -Proprietors, and every
facility for their coeslleration Weuld beaa'orded to every
Proprietor,__( Cheers.)
The CuAinltAN also a.ad the Directors had reconsidered
the case of Captain Iliziside, ar d proposed that he should
have a pension of 200/. a year for. his services, he having
sailed six voyages in the responsible situation of Com-
mander, and been once wounded, but they did so as a
special case. The Board of Controuli however, over-
ruled that preposition and sanctioned a pension of 150/. a
year—( On loh !)—whieh was agreed to.
Mr. TwistNo then presented a Report frcm the Com-
mittee on Bye-laws, stating that the bye-lass had been.
strictly complied with during the last year.
Sir C. FORBES complained that the 'Report was incor-
rect, •as the clauses relating to the Hill. Coolies had. been
introduced into Parliament on the Gth February ; why.were
they only laid on the table then ?

'the (iIIAIRMAN said the Bill was merely a Colonial
eaSsengers Bill until within the last ten days. The India
Company was not affected till then, and no time had been
lost. in calling the attention of the Proprietors to the
,subject.
The Bye-law Conr-nittee was then re-appo:nted, after
`a 'desultory discussion, raised by Sir Charles Forbes, as to
-the 'qualification of the gentlemen proposed, under a bye-law
of 1709, requiring them to be proprietors of 2,0001. stock.
The answer was, that that bye-law was obsolete.
The CIIAIRNIAN then said, the Directors had prepared
a petiticn to the 1-1,-)use of Commons against the Colonial
Passengers Bill. They. expected information from
• India almost daily upon the subject, and therefore
they were of opinion- that the Legislature ought not
to proceed with a Bill, which would repeal an Act
of the Indian Government prohibiting the exportation
o- emigration of natives as labourers to the West Indies
until that information had been received. The petition
would be read to the Court.

The Clerk having read the petit:on,
Sir C. FennEs expressed his utmost satisfaction at the
course proposed to be pursued by the Directors, and
cordially supported the petition.
Mr. WEEDING expressed his satisfaction, and
hoped the Court would have an opportunity of
discussing the merits or the measure. He did think the
Bli would repeal the enactment of the Indian Govern-
ment. The third reading of the Bill was fixed for to-
morrow.

Mr. HOOO, M.P., had been assured that ti:e third
reading of the Bill . would be postponed for a week.
Mr. WEEDING was glad to hear it, and he trusted the
Directors would give the Court an opportunity of saving
the natives of India from being made slaves.
Mr. POI NDER agreed with his Hon. Friend, and hoped
the petition would have the effect of preventing the English
Legislatuio from giving their sanction to so fl:gitious a
measure, which was onlF• another means of reviving the
abominable system of slavery which bad already cost this
country twenty millions.
After a few observations from several Prcprietors in sur-
port of the petition, it was adopted.
In answer to a question from a Proprietor,
The Cu aihmAN said in the event of the Bill passing the
Hotiso of Commons They should present a similar petition to
the House of Lords.

An HON. PROPRIETOR moved that the debate upon the
petition to the Lords should be adjourned till Thursday
week, so that the Court of Proprietors should keep the
matter in their own hands.
Mr. ASTELL, a Director, hoped the worthy Proprietor
would not press the question to a division. The Directors
were fully alive to the subject, and wero determined to
protect the natives of India. The. matter had, therefore,
better be left in the-bands of tbd Biecntive. •
In answer to a question, the ellsaltin'ari'said he would
not feel it his duty to call. attr,Ceurvfol.nthe. purpose of
spe al Circumstances
ci
considering the question, unless:l2fit,et,
arose.
After a long arid:: desultory-discussion-, the petition to
the Lords was agreed to.
• Mr. SALONIONS then moved that the papers relative to.
the case of the Rajah of Satfara; be printed and circulated
among the Proprietprs
Sir Cita RLES FowasS- seconded. the •metitin, and • hoped
that if there was any objection to the printing -of the
whole, selections might be made that might make the case
clear to the understandings of the Proprietors.
The CHAIRMAN objected to any selection, because they
would be charged with unfairness let them make what se-
lection they might. The printing of the whole would cost
two thousand pounds, and the Directors thought that
was too large a sum to expend upon such a purpose,
out every facility would be given: to the Proprietors perus-
ing the documents.

-the motion was modified, so that the despatches of the
Indian Government, and the Correspondence between
tte Home and Indian.- Governments, and the minutes of
the Courts held for: the consideration of the case. should
be printed.
The motion was tben.corried.
• Mr. BROWN then pave notice of a motion for next Court,
complaining of a pat;-t.ix impoSed upon native Christians.
In answer to Mr. Poynder, the CHAIRMAN said they bad
received information of the abolition of the pilgrim tax by
a minute of the Indian Government.

The 11(n. Gentleman put '''''''' other questions, hut-
the Chairman said it was impossible for him to answer
them without notice ; he could "not possibly be prepared
for them.

The Court then adjourned at five o'clock.

STATE OF TRADE.

( From the ilknchester Guardian )
MA N CHESTER. —As the canals still continue closed, tie
business done yesterdaY, was to a very limited extent, and
without the slightest appearance of improvement in prices,
which, indeed, in some c; ses, were rather lower than en
the preceding Tuesday..
Reel-MALE FLANNEL MARKET, MONDAY, JUNE 15
market to-day has been dull and heavy, and the bu-
siness, as compared with former weeks, has been consider-
ably more limited. The prices remain the same as last
week. In the wool Market there.is no change to report.
HUDDERSFIELD 31 A RKET, JUNE 16, 1840.—There was
little done in this market, in any description of goods to-
day. Perhaps there has not been a more discouragnm'''
market during the "vear, and prices are quite nominal.
Wools arc heavy of sale, and late prices arc scarcely sus-
tained. In the warehouses there is little doing. In short,
trade wears anything but a pleasing aspect.
