CHAPTER V.

What policy and. condu& ought Spaniards'to ob-
sei ? —The maxims of Jesus Christ and the Gos-

pvl.
i.crt m
Which ,does our adversary tollow --Those 'of

•
ALICIIIaVeIQ. -
.... . .•.---..2.3A.:;',12';'3..1'1 ' '
`ln what are they founde4 ?--,--IniEg9tjsp, ~, : • -
To what ttlid do Oleyeconfauce.?-7-4;_oFot-opte their
zelf-interest to the .prewdice and ruin . of illeir lel-,

;ow
How dolbey obtain it ?—By representing critnes
•

virtues.

CHAPTER VI.

By what means, have the tyrants occtipied Our,
yQli?-1.3y deception', treason, and every base ar-

tilice.

Are theie Means sufficient to obtain the .crown
which belongs to another i'=-Nt); so far from it,
they have rendered themselves unworthy of our re-
gard ; and we must resist, with all our strength, a.
t" ictg who .writhes to; enter' by siv.:ll ulllaSt gild abo-
rilinable •

What telicity therefore must we seek ?-4-Such a&
• they can never give'us.
And. %viva is it ?----The. security of our rights, the
free exercise of our holy tehgion, and. the establish-
Ment of a Monarch4al Cloverntnent, • adaped.to the
institntions.cf Spain, and,her relations with the rest
ut Eurcne. • . , •

\Vell,. did we not possess it already.%--,:—YeS; till
disoroanizO' the indolence of th4E66pieme Au-
-0
tilmßics who governed.us. Jia.a

• Aud who. must regulate it Arkiiibled in
10:r Corle, who alone have this tktilf?6ielitgive of
forego influence.
Wtio would have samaioned: t:HlOplkin 'Fer-
dinand VII. who we-pray God maybe restored
the b-asorn of our love for ever.—Amen.

VIANA, AVG. 9.--7 The Licentiate, Don JOSEPH
SANjULTO, has received the iollowing-lcitter„.Con-.
t.:ining the details of the departuio,hiqfielFrinch
M:iarid, and some other.pal'titiiiars—:"'
NIILLAVE;RDE, AUG'.
thank God -that I can-noWlivritelo-j•on in
ti,e
.11,11 est manner, and. free frdWithe
interrUpted our correspondeneeiTikin,g to the
Pie,ence of those enemies of the public .tranquillity..
" l therefore hasten to give you the most sails-
fidory information, As in the tifnwolElias„ when
San aria Was compassed about, me Syrians sod-.
dtErily abandoned it, being struck with a panic ter-
,or, v. ith uo lesi precipitation have those enemies of
rile human race evacuated our capital Madrid; and,
breailing fury and vengeance, hastened their- return
ibwards Valencia, threatening nor to spare a Single

az;cl t.9unniLllng, on their march, the tyiPst
execrable roues, the Most abominable excesses;
cup h, inct•_cd, that when we read the history plan-.
nt tines, we shOuid think them peculiar to
ti e c;abansin ot those ages. This was the first oc-.
upon whieh (and .1 almost regard it as a tuira-
iSio the voice of terror was heard among their
awl they gave manifest proofs of fear,
cooltpion, and particularly of a degree of
so iii-suited to their proud spirits.,—
h was to them a day of sorrow, trib9lation,
t.,iiterness ; and' on the 3 I st, I#llo4aEurbpean
tigers fled iu d pursued Fven4s3ritty'shhitfos.vS'
of the women. ..

•
" Such was their precipitation; thlitthey aban-
-cloned the frnit's of their iniquities,--;their -Tonheries,
ici.d outrages every kind.
_Their ground-works
at the iteiiro, their palissdot.s, .I),,itions, covered
wayS, r.velines,,ditches, {nitres, batie-fies, &c.
be-
ai to the whole population of Madtlld
its furnishing them write proofs of the
-dansler to which we were ext)otied... ••
At Retiro, they left behind them lot C.-i• pieces Of
,w,i,noh, 'carrying from 16 to 6-pound'.sKot, 10
rhortnrs, a number of howitzers, a veiy great
t.ty of shells,' grenades, matches,: acid other imille-
r.t'mts of tyranny. The wood (";f:the'Oiisadoes is
_.:one valued at three Minions: The'llnilditA which,
fOrin,:riythe Theatre of FERIZINAND yi, 'Wa's
ibcre are stipkOsed to

C.F: ~i~

Ibe 3000 bags of it. The bason was covered over
with barrels of powder. of which, including what
v. as lying there in cartridges,, thew is calculated to be
5000 arrobas. The number of swords, muskets, pis-
tols, pikeS, &c. is very great. In a word, as an army
put to the rout, and closely pursued by the enemy,
abandons every thing, in order to accelerate t heir igh t,
so have the French given up to us all the means by.
which they could have had any hope of reali itig their
-plans: The king of topers, the jolly son or brother
of Bacchus, fled by the subierraneous passage lead.:
ing to the ricer ; his good friends URiamo, the two
,NEGRETES, FRIAS, 11ARIBAR,- CABARRUS, MARO,I7I-
- NA, CABALLERO, and the rest of the gang, inane their
escape asthey could. The great MAR4U±NA is ixtade
a Captain of Mamelukes. The w hole of the Freneh ar,-
tizans, cooks, tailors, milliners, &c. who-were settled
here, have fled in the greatest precipitation, leaving
behind -all their valuables. A coachman asked 24,000
reals from one of them for a
,Coach to Bayonne, and.
he obtained 16,000. To what is all this to be ascrib-
ed ?' Upon this point there are various -Opinions.
France, according to some, is in a complete state of'
insurrettfon. RuSsia; Germany, and Turkey, have,.
according to others, declared war against the impious
NAPOLEON. It is a feet, that the Secretary of the
Russian Embassy attended. the Council late in the .
-evening of the 31st pit, anddelivered his,sentiments
.at great length„in consequence of whicD, the people
received him with shouts, and called hint `their friend
and ally. Others account for it *by the a'pkoaelioftAs-
TA-NOS, &c. They destroyed all the, gun-carriages,
spiked the cannon; with the exception ,of seven,",
which they had not time to spike. They carried •
away 5000-of their sick Who were:m the hospitals,
leaving behind them about iOOO to the protection of
Spanish clemency.. With the exception
,of.theie, not
a single Frenchman remains iii Madrid or the' envi-
rons ; we pity the 'towns which they are to pass giro',
-There were about 8000 of them at Ocana, Avlici
marched, in one day, to Madrid: In passing throtigh ,
ValdemorO,-they pillaged the church of the Carme-
lites, carrying- off the -communion-cup, phials, &C.
and tearing up -the • pews and pulpits. The joy
Which prevails in this quarter is beyond description.
The people rung the bells- during the whole of the'
night of the 3 i st, and amused themselves with balls,
bonfires-, and every species Of •diversien. We this
day . proclaimed a course . of nine - days thanks
giving. I. have offered to -preach on the 'l3th.
This example has been followed in all the. adjacent
villages, for the oppression we laboured und'erwas,,
great. They threatened me'with death ; but,be- ,
sides that I was not much alarmed. I hate the satis-
faaion to know, that the Man who threatened me
fell by a musket ball in La Mancha. 'What I parti-,
cularly feel is, that they eat up all ,'my wheat and.
barley, and, gaVe me a debenture Payable at the day
of Judgment.; 'but I 'will not 'grudge. it, provided I
never again see.their faces: In this little place
.Lhey
Made. contri but itinS to the amount or 234,721 reals,
and at Panto, they levied to the amount.of 682,425."

The following Proclamation, addressed to the
French Arrnies in Spain, has- been circulated in the
~Spanishi and *French Languages. It is dated from
Ciudad RodrigQ.

" fIRA,VE• SOLDLERS- OF THE,FRENCH ARMY !

"The tiroeia,ai rhed in which you should know
your' real happiness. NAPOLEON,. the base NAPO-
LEON, has raised himself to the Throne of France
upon the ruins of your-fathers-and your fellow-citi-
•zens.: In promising -you the blessings of a good
GovernMent; he has only deceived. you liV.theans.
-the.7most infamous. , The blood.which., during ten
years, has flowed from the-veins of:your comrades,
has, only served to augment. the.splendour of-his indi-
*idual greatness; and:the ImPn eal :Crown' has no-
thing for its support „but -the tombs of Frenatnefi, •
misled and dazzled by his brilliant'chimeras.- France,
after. a reVoltition which will tnake-her name resound
to the latest
.posterity,
.agitated by various stories,
expeded that the morning of her felicity:was 'draw-
ing- near,, by means of the Great,N"APOLEON. Yes,
Frpnce e,xpeded it;. but has it appearcd ? On the
contrary,' her plains. have been robbed of theirtfir- •
ous bands of her peasants, in order to fill Italy, -Ger-
many,- and Holland with their dead bodies. :The:
youth.'has been snatched_away. froth the bosom of
. his mother, in order to sacrifice him to the tire'&
sword, and relentless ambition of one who is The.i.te.:
rociOns enemy of his country.~ t-lis treachery :.1)s
practised the most seducing arts. He
.has pretended.
to reverence the God at Heaven, in order to elevate
hitnielf.as a God upon earth. In sporting with-:the
lives ()linen, he has outraged the most sacred names
of virtue and humanity, to deceive the simple and
well-meaning. France expected to see 10 NAPOLEON
her :Jiberator, but, .she has only found in him her
tyrant. Her worthy citizens weep in silence the
miseries of their slavery; but the Great Man, instead
of breaking the fetterS Which-oppress them, has also
Sought to enslave-7whOin ?
.0b God,- the avenges' of
ingratitude ! 'That nation which ,has always
been the affectionate friend of the French people :-
a nation more easy to eXterininate than to disgrace
a people, who- imbibed the sentiments .of
tsar religion', Mingled with the maxims of. a philo-
sophy that supports and contforts,.atte placed beyond-
the dread of the tomb.. '

. _
He wishes to enslave Spain ; that is, he wishes
to chain to his t:iumphal chariot ten milliorts of souls.
Nlighty NAPC4,EoiI ! Mighty projeet! But.-tbe
sarles of this'splendidexpedit ion are already rendered
incapable of harming us. General' DUPONT, a pri-
soner, hiinself, has seen his wliola army overwhelm-
ed'and perishing under the thunder of Bcetic-valour.
Another, who was at Oporto, is also a prisoner;
and the perfidy and •villainy.Olthe..great'ProteEtor of
Spain, exposed. to the light, have. been no, longer
-able to ensure, him success. Soldiers ! for what then
do yob hope ? Four hundred thousand; men, With
arms in their hands, in% ite you with brotherly friend-
ship. The Spaniard, ,the .friend of every trtie and
virtuous' Frenchman, while he embra'ees him- with
one hzinde, will, stretch out the other to divide With
him his bread" and Burst 'asunder ibell',-
Soldiers,'-the 'chains of ambition by which-y-611%rd
bound; quit the bloody standard of tyranny, to .enrol
.yourselves under that which is the piote4or of flu-.
inanity and 'ot 4easiin. Affluent Spain offers you
-peaix and 4bundage6, and will you .refOse thei-n?: It
is not the like and perfidious NAPOL,EON
dresses you ; it .is the generous; the rich, and. the
.•, . . _.• •
powerful. Spain.',
,- • •

liIGIi WATER AT LONDON 8R1D.GE:T0.4101,..

ROW

Morning, 13 min. after tefternuon, 47 ritin, atter 1/*,

MAILS.
AAKIVILD-1 Dublin, Waterfonl. Dug-3 Gottenburgh,
1 Malta, 1 Waterford.

PRICE OF STOCKS'
THrs DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK
Cer:ols

THE SUN.

110L/M qurs DicRRA 141.3111111 AUDCAT ?

L 0 N D N,

'WEDNESDAY, AUGDST 31, 1808.

A letter was yesterday received by a Mercantile
House in the City, from Gijon, dated the igth inst.
which stated, that another attack had been made
upon Saragossa, by General LEFEBVRE, with an
Army consisting of eleven thousand mcp, in which
he succeeded so far as to force his way into that City
with a part df his troops. The Patriots, however,
,made so determined a resistance, that the French
were ultimately repulsed, with the. loss of ..6000
,men. This report rests solely upon the atlthority of
the letter to which we have
,alluded no, accounts
whkever have reached Government upon the sub 7
jea. There can, however, be no doubt that if the
French were in sufficient force in Arragat,,they.
would reiterate their attacks upon. Saragossa, as The
possession of that place would beof great .impor-
tance to thi-m, if they mean, as we have. no doubt-
they do, to endeavout to defend the Line. of the
Ebro. •

-Very considerable supplies of Arms and Aanrnu:
nition have been sent from the POrts in the North-
west of Spain, to the Biscayans, who will, we trust,
.be soon enabled to recover their' Capital out of the'.
hands of the French.

WE understand Government are daily expecting
the arrival of the Praa Spanish Frigate, having on
.board the Governor of Monte Video, and that or-
ders have been issued for the strictest attention to be 1
paid ber at the port she comes to.

19SEPli BUON AP ARTE, King of Spain, at. Bayonne. ••
JosErit BO9rinr,,,a.ltE. on the Road .to his.Capitai. •
josEPu BuoiNAPARTE returning from his Capital to Bay:.

01111 C.

WE have had more than one occasion to remark

that, in all the enormities 'Committed by the Cor-
sican, . NAPOLEON BUoNAPARTE, the wickedness
of the conception i 3 always. accompanied with such
a degree of ridicule in the mode of execution, that
the sneer of contempt is eternally mingled with
the bursts of hatred and the just fury.__of.indigna-

There have been tyrants and usurpers in every
age; but whatever-may be said by the sycophants
of BUONAPARTE in this country (whether actually
hired, or aspiring to be so), no period. before the
present ever beheld a usurper' constantly' Uniting,
in lumbelf, the sublime of villainy and the sublime
ot ridicule ; and it is this unalterable mixture Which
renders BUONAPARTE a real prodigy !
In all ageS, the usurpation of a throne, the degra-
dation of a Royal Fatuity, formed, for those who
witnessed it, one of those suroising events which
pierce the heart with terror. BUONAPARTE, and
BUONAPARTE alone, since the first existence, of the
:world, has found means to throw on this dreadful
outrage ash 91 ridicule so deep and so indelible,
That it is impossible to say who! her the historian, in
,describing the horribly revolution of Spain, will be
able to preserve ;he gravity which the subject so ini-
periously demands.

NAPOLEON BUONAPARTE has stolen the crown of
Spain, just as CARTOUCHE and RAFFIA? would have
tricked and plundered a simple countryman . who
,had fallen into their hands.

The general question throughout Europe now is
. —How could a King, advanced in years, like
GIIARLES IV. become the dupe of a deception that
would :not have imposed on the youngest of his
pages ? The answer is, because CHARLES IV. bad
neither eyes nor ears, nor conscience, nor. intelli-
gence; nor forecast, -nor will : be had only A FA-
:•votiarrE ! But liow could a Queen, who is gene-
rally supposed to :have some understanding, suffer
: herself to be precipitated into an abyss like this ? Be_
cause she had . A FAVOURITE. But how, in fine,
could this Favouritd' consent to ruin at once his
Masters and himself; to deliver them up to the most
Cruel.of Tyrants, and to become himself, either the
yietim or the valet of the Cut-throat ? Because he
was ,A FAVOURITE ; ill other words, a presumptuous
.upstart, without talents, or the capability of acquir-
ing them the dupe of 'flatterers, feeding his vanity
with
.intereste‘d honiage of the base wretches who
surrounded him ; the declared enemy of great parts,
..ipd eternally ready to calumniate them, to console
himself; in his _insignificance, foT the impos§ibility
of appreciating them justly.
With all this, hoWever, it is notorious that the
condo& of BUONAPARTE towards CHARLES IV. the
afrEEN, and Z .ing FERDINAND VII. is a monstrous
jumble of the most execrable atrocity, and of that
,mean and buffo.on juggling which.is peculiar to the
lowest and most despicable of mankind

•
` The most grotesque scene of-,this borrible.: tragedy,
acted in the theatre of Bayonne, by the company of
Nitfot.iotsT, and under his immediate direCtion„ is
the ele6iion of this miserable JosErtt BUD:NUT/031:S
to, the throne of Spain and ihe jodes. Ah ! poor.
Joszpail
,I)C-Fas neither ambitious of so. much
honour nor,) a so much danger
.He steps forth,.
IiOWEIVer,
.Being on the stage of Bayonne; and immq-
diarely all .tht Grande6s of Spain, , who had been
taken in BUOkAPARTZS rat-trap; advance, and, at a

signal given by the. Corsican, fall on their knees ku
•
this poor. JOSEPH, swear inviolable fidelity to Lim,
and, from the bottom of their hearts, promise him
the fifsti gibbet on which it shall be feasible to truss
up his 4 Most Catholic Majesty ! The wretched
•

.:J()sErit4 sufficiently informed_ to divine their real
ertimehtslaVishes his caresses, upon thein, which
,they_relialt with the most abject prostration : it was
thus at Bayonne, that fear sought to flatter hate, and.
that hate endeavoured tc(cajole fear.

At lenith this Monarch of Spain and, the.lndies,

shuddering with affright, is compelled to go and
take poisession of his throne. NAPOLEON, COilVi Ile-
ed in his own mind that he alone has preserved any,
resolle6tion of the existence, of, Lows XIV. and the
departure of PHILIP V. presents the Spaniards,
swelling with 'indignation at, his insolence, and the
Reuch 'enjoying, with mischieYous malice, all tlY:e.
ridiculousness of their tyrant, with a parody of the.
adieu 'of Lovis XiV: without fOrg4tirik the 'cele.r
brated expression—`' q 9, 'my brother;, the fyren-,
nees are no more !" TO describe tte"-eftettotio
burlemitiea scene, AA e must hay'e witnessed -
s dismissed,
JOSE begins his journey). Ot
te 111169vattiat theTY renneeS still exii:f,"iltiio" stis
JsQfras he as passed'them, by the necessity he
,fiteitOf ascertaining the possibility of reaohing them
in and of placing them betveen the Spa-
,.
niards and. laiinself. ‘At every 4!!p he takes in the

country where he comes to reign, he learns to ap-

mccidiel the people with whom he has to 4leak; h. 9
..IRAP;s to /fipaw, and to respeet them, from the con-
Attgipt v(hich 4e universally inspires, and the her-
.,, .
tor, which he sees but too well is every w49r(i,
in,445.5 ed at his approach.
Scatcl ly has this miserable .I:OSEPEi reached the
frontiers of. his ic.it-igdom, when he perceives. the
.. .
dreadful sword plPAtuocEs over his poor. head.--
He perceives, from' the instant he' ha s'touched the
soil 6f Spain, that every objet is changed for him :
that the inexpiable crime in the eyes of the first,
of the only people of theCoutinent who in our time
hove preserved t he ancient virtues—that the inexpiable
crime, we say, 'of kaving dared to put tprzi 4 profane
band to the Crown of their 'Kings, had .rendered
.
hihrite—Objarof all their vetigeinice •; that. ih Spain
. Judge ..
every Spaniard . was his legitimate i. just .0., in-
all. •• ' • . ' •
the countries of the earth, every ci izen, in times.

of anarchy and guilt, is the lawful Judge of every.:
Cut-throat who presUrnes to usurp the plaCe of the
Llaws, and subject the'people to his
.tyranny.
Villages' deSeited, cities abandoned by all who.
ygrrilsg.iipbl of beatiog arms, or, flying; houses, of .
which it ,iwtl44, necessary to bre.ik open the. 0pur..;.,. to -r:
WO th 7Ni of Spain; Merchants; pursned br.
ittige e 7,1 and. compelled by threats of instant.
texositro .9 futtiish a dinner for the Aurg iY7SPaiA'
t mr;.s.
and .of the Indies ;. a few Unfortunate Priests; bend-.
t'ing under the load of,age and infirmity, dragged to
the churches to Sing ''e Deums, amidst the 30ii aide
of, Ahmicined teinpies s—THrs, and THIS ALONSP:
i igitilvtiifitlKing Jost rli saw from the moment he'
it4t4:N.,Aliii.solv! this is the only sl,eaacle that '
yiasi-p.rtsetitsitto him front St: Sebastian `to Madrid ! '
1 Athivti at7t4hdrid,' his first object is to execute the.
1 ordeA lijinch had been left by the Duke of B.IIG,
I who, by the way, is Duke of BERG somewhat in ihe

rnaniier that JOSEPH is King of Spain and the Indies'!

A horde of assilssins, composed of Frenchmen, Poles,
Germans, and Italians, are bid to run before the

chariot of Josnrri and cry God save the King ! in
Spanish ; but thrse- wre.1.4445--14a4 tiio 1.411e-04110,0
acquire tie idiom of the country ;. and the nativt
heard with bitter ridicule, the pretended Castilians,
embodied to
.receive the King of Spain and the In-
dies, jabbering French, Italian, German, rind Polish,

and hammering out with ditficUlty or rather mur-
dering, four, sttnple Spanish Words !
And it is, environed by this tumult uous rabble, by
this gang of sturdy beggars, that JosErit takes pos-
session of the;ideserted Palaces of the King of Spain
.Scarcely Itavgq be doors closed upon him, when the
heroic troops ofMottAT rush into the streets with
fixed•bayonets, and strip the bakers' and. butchers'
shops, to supply the table of this _Monarch, received,
.as the Papers of his Brother NArolzot4 infortnus,
with the universal acclamations of the Spanish
People !
Poyclliymit, however, has hardly been four and
tweittrhours on. his throne, when he learns, to his
•
utter
thitaertnn,t, that hiS suhjeas have
taken thin libotty-of knocking on the head a feW
4,.• •
thousatA. 41T10 most faithful subjects of his august
Brother ; that; the inbincible DUPONT is defeated Aid
taken prisoner ..by General cASTANOS ;
.aud that of
all possible dangers, none is so much to be appre-:

1 -

1

, .
tended as the falling of his Catholic lqajesty into
the hands Of CAsTiorOs or MostLA, or PALAvox, or
CAS; or CORSTA,'Of BLA'KE! To avoid this'peril,
which every moment renders more imminent, it is
absolutely necessary to re-pass the PyrenneeS, and
preparations are instantly made.
Scarcely is the signal given, when spite, fill,
rage, and the most ungovernable cupidity seize the
troops,
from the General to the meanest soldier.—
They determine to plunder, at least, those whom
they cannot enslave, and to strip those naked whose
country they cannot steal ! Madrid is pillaged once
tnore by the soldiers of NAPOLEON ; and the vanity
of the satellites of a common robber, mortified by
the successes of the Spaniards, takes a mean re-
venge, by violating the women, and murdering the
defenceless old, men and children of the capital !

In the midst of these horrible scenes, JosErf(
tired of the part of a King, drops his 'assumed cha-
taaer, and gives a loose to his old habits and his na-
tural inclinations. Hemight be seen hurrying frodt
loom to room through the Palace which he was
about to abandon, tearing down the hangings, and
packing up all that he could not carry about his per-
son ! Rich furniture, pidures, clocks, plate, &C.
are tumbled pell•mell into. his trunks cannot
rule over the Spaniards, but he can rob the Palaceof
their Kings': and this consoles him. In the inidit
of the general pillage, all eyes were fixed on Jositql,
bewildered by his fears, ivith hiS hands and his
Pockets full, trdveriiirs like a footpad the ift•efs of
his 406 d City o f Madrid). ltd equally .4.plirehettiYi
of the poiguard and the gallihis.

HistOry, ive wiil 'take upon us 'to ni:t
...,,tb
tliisent, in any age, a 'similar piaure.
,;4VaFPII„
made ekape from the Palace Of Kings as 2 41
sharp' er 'steals away 'from an Inn., withbut paying. hisa
teckimtjng. and with 'the landl6idrs *spOons inhis
pock( t
This King of Ihe'new setting Oat
tO reign ovr 'the 'country Of CtsvArrizsi has exlii;
b'ted a species'cif madness diametrically opposite td`
that Of Dutg QUixorE. The Knight Mistook inns
for citsfles'l but tills pitiful Corsican, who dreamed •
for a tew hoiirs that he was King of Spain ffild
mistakes castles for inns !

~.,

Yest ray morning his MAJESTY, PrinCesges SO.
PHIA, AUGUSTA, and Ass E'LIA, accompanied by Lord
.SoM ERVIL LE', Lady TH iNNE, Generals CAIIT-
IVEIGHI' and 'FITZROY, and Colonel TAYLOR, Count
,14UNSTEl2, and General HARcotia.r, took an airing
In the Great Park, where his MAJESTY and PRIN-
CESSES were.joined by the Duke of CLAKENcg, who
returned with his MAJESTY at twelve, and dined
with the QtlEzti and PRINCESSES, &C.

Yesterday nineteen Artillery waggons, loaded with
specie, set off from, the Bank, under a *trong
fir lottsrnouth, there to be embarked tor Spain.
Sir CHARLES BRI:q3ANE, Bart. is appointed to his
Majesty's 'Ship Blake., launched. last Week, at
Wo.ilwich. 'Captain MENDS will succeed the gal-
lant Baronet in his late Ship the Arethusa.
A Cabinet Council was 'held yesterday afterrtoon
at the Foreign °thee.
MILIT'A'RY BALL AND gtirrrOn Monday the
Officers Of -the King's Own Statfordshire Militia
gave a Ball and Supper at their BarraCks to the No-
bility and Gentry of Windsor and its neighbour=-
,ing taivns and the dancing began at ten;
and they sat down ro supper at two; at 'three
-dancing teicommenced, and the company broke up
at six.

On Friday the Windermere Lake Regatta for this
11eas" took place on Windermere Lake. The neigh- -1
1,
„,°tlth°o(l of BoWness, and the ferry neat-- M. CUR-
Island, were 'crowded. The effect was con-
tiderably heightened by 'great 'umbers of-row-hoats
'and pleasure-barges being upon the Lake, many of
el'em graced with beautiful La'ncashire witches, par,734:
'3icularly a large boat, with an elegantawning, rowed
I3Y SIX men, dressed in white jackets and trowees,ik
Which were Mrs. BOLTON and twelve Ladies. Di*.
scene was enlivened by the excellent band belong,E
ing to the Kendal Volunteers.
At three o'clock the principal-part of the &impiny
'retired from the boats and the shores,- to d large.
tent, pitched upon a lawn, behind the Ferry-house,
where a sumptuous dinner was served up, at which
IVIr. CUUWEN presided, and after drinking " The
The Royal Family," and several appro.-
Lriale toasts, Mr. CURWEN said be was desired by
ady WAKE to give ai a toast, and he was sure
every man, woman, and child, throughout this
Country, wiaild participate in it, viz.

'tee tces ws
ioshes the
acid deervetrs it anish Paiots, arid may every Nation be
ikat
He added, tee such a toast as that, he was sure the
Ladies would excuse their giving three cheers.—Se-
veral other toasts. were drank, hut none of them
particular. •

At Vera, or Bera, near • the french frontiers, i.
where the Spaniards occupied a strong position dur-
ing the French Revolution, there was a famous for-
tification called the Emigrants' Redoubt, -because it
was construBed by French emigrant engineers. Thor
Republicans, being in want of provisions, lost 20,099.
men in the attempt to take this redoubt ; and, lite-
rally speaking,. filled the ditches with dead bodies.
In consequence of the great demand for marines;-;
the Militia were lately put op board the several
prison-ships at the Ports in their vicinity to do the
duty-. of Marines ; but Government having taken
.steps to strengthen' this meritorious branch of the
service, the Militia have been debarked, and the
.Marines have resumed their duty, to the great satis_
.
faetion and advantage of the Navy.
A singular occurrence took place on Monday after-
noon, in the Green Park : a young woman °Pie-
speetable appearance, sitting between a Lady tad
Gentleman on one of the benches, suddenly rasp;
from her seat and threw herself into the water; she
was immediately taken out and sent home in a
co:teh to her: relations, who live near Leicester-
