embarrassing; and lam compelled to adopt-the principle of par.
ticularizing those alone on whom thst heaviest share of exertion
happened to devolve on this occasion. It fell to the lot of the ar-
tillery to occupy this conspicuous station in the events of the day:
in behalf, therefore, of Lieutenant-Colonel,Hopkisson, command-
ing the whole, and of Lieutenant-Colonel Pollock, commanding
'Bengal Artillery, and`Ceaptains Lumaden, Bengal Horse Artillery,
and Montgomerie, Madras Artillery, commanding the batteries,
I have to solicit your recommendation to hie Lordship's favours-
able attention. - The rocket practice, under Lieutenantßlike, of
the Bengal Horse Artillery, was in every way admirable : of 304
rockets which were projected during the day, five alone failed of
reaching the spot for which they were destined, and uniformly
told in-the works, or in the ranks of the enemy, with an effect
that has clearly, establllhed their claim to be considered a most
powerful and formidable weapon of war.
The conduct of his Majesty's 13th and 38th Regim!nts during
the advance, and their gallantry iu.the storm, far exceed all that
I can write in their praise. I sincerely hope that I shall not long
be deprivesl'of the services of their two.brave commanders.

Brigadier-General. Cottpu's arrangements for intercepting the
retreat of the enemy, and the movement of Lieutenant-Colonel
Hunter Blair, to effect the same object, merit my warmest com-
mendations.

To Captain Chads, of the Royal navy, and every officer and sea-
man of his Majesty's ships, and the Hon. Company's flotilla, I am
deeply indebted, for the al?lc and 'juditious manner in which the
troops were transported to points of attack, so near to a formidable
Work which they had to assail. I have the hOnotir to inclose
Captain Chad's report, together with his return of killed and
wounded. .

Upon this short but important service I derived every support
from the seal and ability of my Stiff, general and personal.
Lieutenant 'Wilson, of his Majesty's 13th Light Infantry, Aide-
de-Camp to Brigadier-General Cotton, who will have the honour
of deliVering this despatch, was present dUririg the Whole affair,
and is well qualified to give any-further information which may
be required by his Lordship on the subject. I have,
(Signed) A. C filij or- General.
Head-Quarters, Camp Patanagoh, Ail. 20.

General Return of Killed and Wounded in the Army under the
command of Major;Cieneral Sir Archibald
in the attack on the intrenched: position at Melloon,. on the
19th of January, 1826.
Camp Patanagoh, before Melloon, Jan. 20.
His Majcsty'u 13th Light Infantry.—Killed, 1 and file ;
wounded, I Lieut. Colonel; 3 rank and file, and 2 Bheesties. '
His Majesty's 38th 4 rank and file;
wounded, 1 Major, 1 sergeant, I drummer, 4 tank and file, and
6 bearers. • •

Bengal Engineers.--Wounded, I Lieutenant.
Flqti —illed, 4 Lascara; wounded, 5-European. Ramon,
and 0 Llama.

. .
4Vz;n of Officers Wounded.—Lieut.-Colonel R. H. S'ale,
his Majesty's 13th Light Infantry, commanding brigade; Severely,
not dangerously ; Major H. Frith, his Majesty's 38th Regiinent,
severely; Lieut. W. Dixon, Bengal
.Engineers, slightly.
(Signed) F. S. TIDY, Lieut.-Colonel, D.A,G.

Return of Ordinance and Military Stores captured on the 19th of
'January, 1899, in the operations against the enemyitt MellOon,
by,the fOrces under the command of Major-General. Sir Archi-
bald Campbell, K.C.8., &c. &c. -
Blass Citins—One 4:2-pounder, one ti-ditto, one 4-ditto, one
I iittu, and ten Jitijalls. .
Iron Guns—Two 4A-pounAers, two''2-ditto, ••one, 31-ditto,
three, BAitto, ten 2-ditto, thirty-one 1-ditto, two ,l-ditto, and 8()
'

Iron Guns,. long---tievq): 12:pounders, ten 9-ditto, and two
6i-ditto.
Iron CatrOnade's--10neR4-pounder and one 12-ditto.
Von round Shot,iif different sizes, 11,00 n.
,LiDitto ditto' for Jinjalls; 7,000.
• 'Gunpowder destroye4,.2o ,tons I cwt. J qrr., in boxes 0f,451b.
each.
Musket., •
. ,
Musket-hails, 100,00 a.

Spears, 2,000.
An imineme quantity of refined salt-pore and eulphur';• iron,
tinwrought,.upwards ()tune ton; also a quantity of grape, quilted
and loose, but the exact amount of the above articles caunot,be
ascertained for,wapt of,tiwe. • •
(ll•Fine4) •C. HOPlti*Sdlir, Lient.-Colonel,
• Mminitinding the Artillery with the Forces.
(The. Itatirtito3a4,lollladi and wounded oii hoard the flotilla was
(tiern in our paper of the 20th ,ult.)
• ---
Pawn of Boats captured at. Illelloon, 19th Januarys
War-hosts—Three gilt, fifteen in good condition.
Large. Accommodation-boats—Seven in, good. condition, one
sunk. .
Large St°, r oats--Thirty-three i goodootuiition, sixteen sunk.
Canoes and boat* of various,, escription, 200 to 400. •
(Signed) H. D. Cif ADS, captain of his Maje Sty's ship.
4lligat9r, in Command olthe flotilla.
•
(True copy.) ,
F. S. TIDY, •Lieut..C4'?lonel, D. A., G.,
By command of the Right, Hon. the • Cioverntn-General in
Council, (Signed), G, SWINTON, Sec. to Government.

TIAMBURGII PAPERS.

&imams, JUNE 28,-We have heard that an association had
been formed iii' France and Germany to redeem bom slavery,
apostacy, and prostitution, the widows and children of the. Greek
warriors slain- by the Mahometani. We learn that three of the
Members have just arrived here to interest in the fate of the un-
happy vir_tim~ of Mumillinan ferocity all those generous hearts for
ni whom buanitrand religion are not aimply,
sounds.
making,
in subscriptiona have been made, and are now
in France, ler the honourable object of this'association.
The inhabitants of the Netherlands, who show so many marks
of solicitude for the sacred cause of the Greeks; will show no lest
r,aget•Deos than their neighbours on this occasion.
iota `.§.-:--The cloth manufacturers of Verviers and the eu-
virons are in such a etate'of 'inactivity, that most .Ot the work-
men arei'edtitted to eltrarna distress.
Lady Cochrane and family arrived op the 25th at Aix-la-
Chapelle, and set out the next day for Genoa, where 'she will
reside during the absence of Lord Cochrane, who hi gone to
Greece.
Mr. iiiigins; Charge D'Affaireq from America, has just ar.
rived at &Intact* from Washington. Ile will Soon go to the
Hague. , ,

it~._:Ny accounts horn St. Petersburgh
of
•
June 17, we le/41i that his Majesty the Emperor Nicholas bad
' issued, on the 113th, the folloWing Mal/if/Ito
,t From our i‘lanifestoaf 31st December, our faithful subjects
learnt the existence of a mt, the object of Which was the over-
turning of the Throne, change in the form of Government,
and the destruction of every thing that the country holds dear.
We had confided to a Commission of InqUiry the care of exa-
mining this wicked conspiracy to the bottom, to investigate the
whole extent, to penetrate to the root of the evil' to discover the
prOgrem it had alreadymade, and to lay before us the result of the
inquiry, furnished not upon niela conjecture, but upon positive in-
disputable evidence.
" Necessity demanded a very accurate and extensive inquiry.
When, in the first days of our reign, by the inscrutable degrees/ of
Divine Providence, we were made acquainted with a horrid plan
which had been carrying on in the dank fur ten years, we reeft.
hannui rtiidacosilutnh;e;ficlvntiega;ere:tonotdif whichrwGtehodnh,talgyhemt,
he emviodreon toleyn
vpiboilnyfiedi
to out
eto s
iien sr oured ad:
otyf
these our duties,'es the origin of the plot was 'long before•,our ac-
cession to the throne, and by no means threatened Mir Person Am,
in appointing the Committee of
quiry, unclench the principles that ivete to direct its proceedings.
--After unwearied labours 'of '5 months, and after completely,
ieewetiirg
weighing
pr
geyee7o,oioil,
circumstance,se every confeasion, every action, re.'
end proceeding only op' clear evidene,e,
en.thet'onfeentons of the accosted, and such means of conviction
ae can adfitit-of nn doubt, and leavliox to the accused the fiber-
tyliecessary for their defence, the' ComMittee has attained the
end • ed and laid before us a detailed'Reporti with the ne-
proposed
C":11‘ OrYn'lonnueibirerdi7gutnaheientELeport there appear two kinds of guilt,
very different in their nature: The first, of the highest import-
is high treason, continually aiming at its wicked purpose
pleatsby long conceived, obstinately 'persieted in, and eutturvi.
The aecond is delusion, produced by weakness of character;-*ant
4a penetration to see through the real object 'of the conspirators by,
a momentary effervescence of the pasainns, followed by repentanmi
land in general amounts to unsteady plans without a fixed object,
and without actual co-operation in any 'act of It is
'evident that the accused of'the 'second ciatettim be oubjected only
to such a punishment airway reform them ; but the 'persons be-
longing to the first class, who belonged more or teGS to the centre
of the plot; who knew its objecU—all thine, though not equally
shall be included-in the sante eentenee.
we have composed the tributial•ivhieh shall he commissioned
to pronounce judgment ;of' the three principal orders ortlic State,
the Council of the Empire, the Directing Senate, and the Synod,
and have added some persona, as well military as civil. The
