FOR DIRECTORS:

IGeorge Warde Norman, Esq.
James Pattison, jun., Esq.
Charles Pole, Esq.
Henry Porcher, Esq.
Sir John Rae Reid, Bart.
John Baker Richards, Esq.
Wm. Thompson, Esq. and Ald.
Samuel Thornton, Esq.
Stephen Edw. Thornton, E 8 q.
William Ward, Esq.
Money Wigram, Esq.
Melvil Wilson, Esq.
it and Deputy-Governor will
sday the 6th, and for Direc-
instant, from Ten o'clock in

Timothy Abrahin Curtis, Esq.
Samuel Drewe, Esq.
George Dorrien, Esq.
Charles Pascoe Grenfell, Esq.
Abel Lewes Gower, Esq.
John Oliver Hanson, Esq.
John Benjamin Heath, }..sq.
William Manning, Esq.
William Mellish, Esq.
Sheffield Neave, Esq.
The Election for Gavernoi
be held at the Bank, on Tues
tors, on Wednesday the 7th

the Forenoon till Four in the Afternoon.

From ttie extraordinary fecundity and other
estimable qualities of the potato onion, it promises to be-
come one of our most valuable garden productions. Like
the plant whose name it bears, and widely different from
its own kind, this useful vegetable multiplies under ground,
each stem producing several onions, nowise inferior to the
best of the species. But its most remarkable property is
the power it possesses of resisting or surviving putrefac-
tion. In November last a gentleman in Cumberland had
a quantity of these prolific onions for household consump-
tion, but, for want of due attention, many of them be-
came unfit for use, and apparently quite rotten. With
little hope of their revival, he placed these putrid bulbs in
his garden, about six inches under ground, and at a small
distance apart, spreading immediately over them a mode-
rate quantity of litter. Here they remained about four
months, and when examined a few days ago, were found
in a state of perfect soundness, full of vegetable life, and
ready for transplanting. Notwithstanding the length and
severity of the winter, the roots could not have been in a
more healthy state, or better adapted either for seed or
culinary purpose*.

IIikiPRAIAL PARLIAMENT.
11111162 01*$'194D6--(LAST NIGHT).

Lord WHARNCLIFFE presented several petitions from
different townships in the West Riding of York, praying
for assizes to be held at Wakefield. The Noble Lord also
presented several petitions from the same county for free
trade to India.

Lord F. OSBORNE and Sir A. GRANT brought up the
Tanjore Commissioners Bill, together with several private
Bills.

Mr. Barton brought up an account of the receipts and
disbursements of the Pilots' Fund.

The Bishop of LONDON presented a petition from the
district of the Tower of London against the punishment
of death for forgery.

The NOBLE PRELATE also presented a petition from
Northampton to the same effect.

Lord HOLLAND presented a petition from a parish in
Derby against the Eat India Company's Charter.
The Earl of ROSEBERRY moved for a return of Fees
taken in the Court of Session of Scotland from the date of
the institution to the 21st of June, 1821.—Ordered.

The Duke of NORFOLK presented a petition from the
Jews of the West District of London, praying for a removal
of their disabilities.

Lord KING presented several petitions to the same effect.
Lord AUCKLAND presented several petitions from
parishes in the county of York for free trade to China.
The Earl of DARNLEY presented a petition from Mr.
John Lawless, praying for the introduction of poor laws
into Ireland.

Lord GOWER presented several petitions from the Pro-
testants of the Staffordshire Potteries for the abolition of
slavery.

The Earl of CARNARVON presented a petition from
the Jews of Portsmouth, praying for a removal of their
disabilities.
