zbie ‘,,,1141.

LONDON:
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1840.

In the few observations we made yesterday ou
the democratic principle, we took no notice of any
scheme of representation, a subject which is at pre..
sent much agitated in almost every part of the Collin.
try. It seems to be taken for granted on
be all ableb
that representation, which is described to a: . •
discovery of modern times, is the essential and
proper way of bringing the democratic priinciple
into action. Not to controvert that received prin.' •
ciple we will merely remark that in the only country
in which it has been in any degree for a consider'
able period successfully acted on—England, it is t°
this time avowedly most defective, and was tie, better
than a mockery before the Reform Act was -passed
while in the only country in which it has befin fairlY
carried out—the United States, it has been so short
a time in operation, that it is impossible to decide
positively as to its effect. Undoubtedly England
has been one of the most prosperous, and has be-
come one of the most powerful of nations ; and un-
doubtedly the United States, where the principle
has been more fully developed than in England, hag
been more prosperous,_
_and in a few short
years has become more powerful in comps rison
than England itself. These two examples suf-
fice to prove that the representative is far sup"
rior to the despotic principle, but they seem ill-
sufficient to establish, beyond all controversy,' the
assertion that representation is the proper me thud
of bringing the democratic principle into ac.ion•
The experience of the United States has been yet
too short, and that of England too imperfect,. to
warrant a general conclusion of such infinite.: im-
portance to all posterity. It seems good ratl3er to
raise doubts on such questions, for all c lasseft
Tories, Whigs, and Radicals, are too mach in-
clined to take their own principles as irrefratible•
and to enforce them, even with violence, befwie the
truth is fully established. '.
But, assuming that representation is tlae true
principle—the noble discovery of modern • times,
which is to make the trusted few invariably resolve
and act for the benefit of the trusting many--as
it
is the practical principle on which our Gove .nnirrent
is formed, and on which improvements will be
founded, the problem for present solution is ihov, it
can best be carried into effect. Our system, before
the B eform Act was passed, had become untie arable,
arid had in fact brought the Government to s
still stand. Our system, since the Reform; .pct,
has completely put the bulk of the popula.ciort out
of the pale of the Constitution; and will, at no Os-
tant day, bring on a stoppage of the machine, sit ni-
tar to that which ended in the Reform Act. 1111
classes of Reformers, and indeed of all refer ting
men, are well convinced that the present sys tent
can neither insure the prosperity of society nor 1, gig
command the obedience of the people. That it
must be altered there seems no doubt, thou tgh
there is much doubt as to what the altetat ion
should be.
- -

The American writer quoted by the Times I 111
)
it down that " all men have from nature eq /nal
rights, which in the social state arc not relinquis:
but held in abeyance." We recognize no distinct k
between society and a state of nature—societr:
which exists in some form or other wherever mac is
known being his state of nature ; and the civilize .t 1
or extended society of England is as much a st-A to
of nature as the rude barbarism and contraca ed
society of New Zealand. We do not agree with he
American, therefore, in saying that rights are hel
abeyance. The development of society d .tve
lopes new rights and new duties, and inst cad
of circumscribing or hampering man, enlarges ltio
faculties and his powers, and gives him a gre i
command over the material world. Man gives tr,'P
no rights in forming society ;he acquires rights ni 1
powers, which is the reason for forming it,; though h
the select few with whom the Times is enamo,ured
having usurped great power over their fello ev Met
in Europe, have put into circulation the theory t.lOl
man gives up rights to become a member of soci(
by way of making the oppressed and enslaved c. Vn"
tented with slavery. The American writer I
tats
borrowed this theory from Europe, without relict :v.
ing on its consequences, and we cannot re-borrow
from him to make it the basis of improved repr g-

sentation.
The principle seems to us rather to be
Government is established for the good of t ,he
whole community, of which one man is as cspr .bles
of judging as another ; and, therefore, prima f scier
every man has an equal right to take part "in It..
He acquires the right, not from possessing p•papertlr
but simply from being a man, and being s 'member'
of the league or union which establishes Goverw
ment. As long as he is a member of the society Vie:
property, his liberty, his security, his indristry,mB
affected by the decrees of the Government, and t'
fore he is entitled to a voice in making then'
society has its origin in a voluntary agr cement
on the part of all the individuals first fornt• Ong
