THE MANCHESTER AGITATORS.

MANCHESTER, FEE. 13.—1 t will be recollected that
Ministers have been warmly supported by the real Re-
formers (for hare-brained enthuaiaate canner be so elassed)
f Manchester, and that numerous public me, -rings have
been held, comprising all ranks, from the very first ►ner-
ch<:nts and manufacturers down to the humblest in their
employment, at which all minor differ, ores of opinion were
dropped, and an unanimous determination was xpresactl
in favour of the Reform Bill as a great aitientlinent upon
the present system of representation. Some months ago,
some furious men. leaving their looms and their stalls. and
&training; their living nobody knew how, contrived to throw
confus!on into public meetings by mere strength of howling
and groaning. Amongst the most prominent of these were
three men, named Ash►nore, Curran, an Bro.idhurst,
the originators of the scheme of hehing Sunday meetings.
These individuals contrived to he out of the way at the
second Sunday meeting, when some of the poor creatures
who had met to hear their harangues were apprehended,
hat they have now been arrested on a charge of utter-
ing seditious language at the first Sunday meeting, and
were to-day brought before the sitting 'Magistrat- on that
charge. Ashmore was in the usual fustian dress in which
he has appeared at public assemblages, but Correia and
Broadhurst came up in decent clean suits, which their
journey to London as witnesses for Mr. Hunt seems to
have procured for them, and certainly they looked in very
different trim from that in which they have usually been
seen, Broadhurst pirticullrly, who seems to have been
suddenly lifted from the squalor of a beggar to the con-,
d.tion of a decent tradesman. The evidence examined
against them was given by a young man named Ga.kill,
an occadonal reporter for London newspapers, and an-
other named Cooper, who is in the Manchester Courier
office. Tiiey had not taken notes, but they said they had
a distinct recollection of ;be language which was attri-
buted to the men in the Newspapers of the time, and which
was to the effect, that the Judges ought to he hanged ra-
tifier than the men they had condemned at Bristol ; that
Sir Charles Wetherell, in particular. should be hung as
high as Haman ; and that it wooed he an easy matter for
a few resolute men to break into the New B dley prison.
Broadhurst, in defence, made a long, rambling, awl in-
coherent speech, in which he avowed himself a Radical
Reformer, a name in which he gloried, and he poured
forth a torrent of abuse against the Press, especially
against the reporters who had given evidence against him,
and whom he designated as base tools of the base Whigs.
Curran, in more moderate language, begged that the
Magistrate would write to Lord Melbourne, and obtain
from him the original address which had been agreed
upon at the meeting, which he said would more fairly ex-
press the objects and intentions of that meeting than the
imperfect recollections of persons who did not hear all that
passed.

Ashmore said, the reporters had certainly stated a part
of what he had said, but with their usual trickery they
had chosen to forget all that he had said in qualification,
which, if reported, would have taken from him all ap-
pearance of counselling violence, a thing which he had al-
ways deprecated.

Mr. FOSTER said that he had already committed ;o Lan-
caster Assizes the men who seemed to have been led by the
prisonera,:and be could not do less by the leaders. He would
therefore commit them to take their trial at the Lancaster
assizes, and require them to give good bad of four 25/.
each, and twenty-four hours' notice of bail.
There is no probability of the men obtaining the bail
required.

THE CHOLERA IN LONDON.—Many
whn were preparing to leave Brighton at the close of
its usual season, intend now to lengthen their residence,
in consequence of the breaking out of the cholera in the
metropolis. The elevated situation of this town, with its
dry and salubrious atmosphere, is likely, we understand,
to render it the resort of numbers who seek a refu4e from
the prevailing formidable epidemic—B rightots Guardsan.
The female whose death was mentioned at
the medical meeting on Monday night, and who was said
to be an inhabitant of the New-cut, Lambeth, lived and
died in the Bear-garden, Bankside.

The boy is not dead, as was reported by mis-
take, in our repirt of Dr. WHITING'S speech on Monday
night, but is improving, although still in danger.

There can be very little doubt, that, as in
other places, the cholera will follow the course of the
river; and as the atmosphere of such places as the House
of Gammons is, beyond all others, calculated for the pro-
pagation of contagion, we trust that the Members, in
compassion to those whose dory calls them to the House,
as well as with a regard to their own safety, will refrain
for the present from the exerci-e of that privilege of giving
o' dere, which nightly renders the air of the gallery more
dangerous than that of the mirshes of Africa. We wonder,
indeed, that at such a time there can be found any per-
sons desirous to avail themselves of the privilege.—Mora.
beg Chronicle.

The east wind is always considered more
prejudicial to health than any other, and it is a singular
tart, that the cholera reached the metropolis after that
malaria had set in for several days, with more than usual
harshness.

LOOSENESS OF THE BOWELS IS THE
BEGINNING OF CHOLERA.-Thousands of lives may be
saved by attending in time to this complaint, w hick should
on no account be neglected by either young or old, in places
where the disease prevails. When cramps in the legs, arms,
or belly, are felt, with looseness or rckness at stomach, when
medical assistance is not at hand, three tea spoonsful of
mustard powder in h,,11 a pin, of warm water, or the satn,3
quantity of warm water, with as much common salt as it
will melt, should be taken as a vomit ; and after the stomach
has been cleared out with more warm water, twenty-five
drops of laudanum should be taken in a small glas. of any
agreeable drink. Heated plates or platters to be applied to
the belly and pit of the stomach.— Cholera Gazette page 50.

iera
increasedsh u virulence,ld un fo rbtuutntoatgerleyatlybu
forthlf,uotthoe withcholera
aug-
mented extent,
it was last night very confidently rumoured
about the Houses, that it is not at all unlikely that a short
adjournment of the Parliament will, in such case. be
proposed. The gallery of the House of Commons, which
House is notoriously most abotninately ventilated, has at-
tracted some notice already, and gave ri.e yesterday to
several judicious and by no means ground ess cautions, but
from accident, or some other cause, the said gslier). arid
the passages leading thereto, last night, were, notwith-
standing, most unmercifully crowded, beyond any thing
we have seen since Lord J. RusseLes first motion on I{^-
form. The House—or the Speaker ratter—no
will look to this matter, except it wishes to have withi.r
own walls as fficient means of sprea.ling r
amongst its own I:embers as could well be devis.d,

MARKET INTELLIGE:f
yCesEte.rday.)
SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS. 'grease, ,atia, Excuses and pretexts are put forth day I nary powers. But Mr. Stanley wishes first to coerce, ' FROM THE' GAZETTE OF LAST NIGHT. INFANT SLAVERY IN ENGLAND.
after day with respect to the promised or threatened and then to remedy. "As a justification," he said,
DAD,:
phrficAeßcK,ErTenSt.
In the present critical state of the capital as to ereatton of Peers, for the same purpose of fraud and i for their asking for the coercive meaaure in Me first , . ADMIRALTY-OFFICE, Feta 13, 1832. A public meeting was held on the 30th ult.
ahe King has been pleased to appoint the Right Honourable
disease, the utmost cleanliness, moderation) and ree delusion. 6th, In the estimate for Civil Cootingen- I instance, he wished to remind Hon, Members that a James Lord De Saumarez, G.C.B. Admiral of the Red, to be at Keighley, on Mr. Sadler's Factory Bill, (the (From the LornelOol;.:
SCG A R.-The Sugar Market was dull all the last week;
gularity in diet are necessary ; and these, it is ala tie... there is an Stem of 1,000/. for a survey of the measure of relief, especially if intended to be one of General of his slajesty s ROyal Marine Forces, in the room of „. ~ , . .
Admiral Sir Richard Bickerton, Bart. deceased. second readinst ot which is, we understand, to the total sales did not exceed 2.600 hhtfs. and us. ; no
ta
general reduction in prices could be stated, yet, in several
;most superfloua to say, cannot be effected without Metropolis, with a view to obtaining a better supply permanent arid subatantial relief, was of a nature
be on the 27th instant) on which occasion Mr.
WAR-OFFICE, FEB 14.
the utmost exertion of parochial authority, and the of water. This expense was incurred at the instance 'lore complicated, atid would require more time for siE„,„„A
irontances, a small decline was submitted to particularly in
nslievieltioned Officer To
most strenuous efforts of private charity. For, of Sir Francis 11,rdett, who, in an affection of teal its preparation, than would a measure of coercion ha's -ejen---CzlDcLejllc.7l flr.honenhtalLl:ll4ah'ifntshtaeni,nidoecrlu- , upon his re- J seph Firth, who had himself had eight years' '
soft Sugar ; the strong and fine newly supported the pre-
ceiving a commuted allowance for his commission :-Ensign
whatever may be the facts with respect to cholera, for the welfare of his constituents, ganerously un- that was required solely for the vindicadon of the experience as a factory child, observed-" With %dotes currency. The stock of West India Sugar is noV7
T. H. Powell half-pay 84th Foot.
and its orign among' us (atid We would be the las; dertook to pay the expense of it. The item is of i law.-( Hear, hear.)" \Ve confess we do riot WI- ' reoard to West India slavery much has been 21,081 hhds and trs., which is 1,555 less than last year.
to abate a wholesome fear), it is unquestionable cour-e a grant to the Horn Baronet of 1,000/., and ' derstand this very well. The Irish are to allow the The under-mentioned Officer has been allowed to retire from 'l, The stock of Mauritius 41.155 bags, being 22,62 n more
tatinec:2-; Z; guriit
,40trijk), insitmtiL r----e'vi
ii. A ro%raaec,ozritV. allow-
said, but I. say that those who will not support than last year. The delivery ot West India Sugar, last
that the mildness of the Winter, and the want of the a fraud to that extent upon the public. It has law to be vindicated-that is, they are to pay tithes
week, 2,891 litids. anti trs., beina 547 less than last year.
the emancipation of infants, should never dis-
usual purification of the air by frost and brisk gees, been resisted, arid will of course been withdrawn. --.-in tile hope that proving theinselves such good
74 AR-OFFICF, Era 14.
The delivery of Alaurition 5,798 bag., being 1,081 more
nnited to a great degree of suffering as wea as dis- But it will not be forgo-ten that the present Ad- boys, they will be 'ewe, ded by a change in the law. 4th Regiment of FVoot-Lieut. T.'Gibs'on, from half-pay „th, grace themselves by signing petitions for the abo-
than the currespoading week of 1831. Tne market has
solute habits in the humbler classea, have tenden ministration of R,fcriners arid ecoriomi•ts at- Will the Irish unders-and thia !owe ? Will they Foot, to be Lieutenant, vice Clarke, commuted, Feb. 14. lition of negro slavery. I will now advert to the
. barn dull all day ; the esrimated sales are under bOO
very much to engender and propagate contagious tempted thin job in favour of a staunch Reformer I not-being prone to suspicion, and not without OFFICE OF ORDNANCE, FEB. 8. eight years' experience I have had in factories. tale& and trs. ; the prices are a shade lower ; the Bar-
disease, and that of the severest character. This and most patriotic economist, 7th. There is 1 cause-suspect that the obedience to the law would Royal Regiment of Artillery-Second Captain' I. Whitty to be It was said by Dr. ;pastier that children go to blokes moll at full market prices. The Refined Market
tendency, therefore, must be eounteracted with pro- another item in the same estimate of a similar I instantly be urged as a proof that it was not so bad tCoaig.:i ricvoiced I(3.earpstthiiann:,ytileeecesietili
till? rsiet
elo.ineclitLileVtitH&l.sznect..•
k work at the factories so young that they are was very dul last week, and the prices gave way 61 per
nortionate Zeal, or painful consequeneca may ensue nature. It is to time anaourit of 500/. for las it h'ad bee'n called ? " That bread," said Fie- burn to be First Lieutenant, vice Lawrence, Feb. 2. ; First
e vt. ; large lumps 615., and a heavy market. There is
in the largest and most populous, though not the I the ramuneration of an accountant who has assisted 1 &rick of Pruasia to a soldier, whom he overheard oLniehuitii4anyt;oosecaleoentad tLenuet.srtc.ve
it,i,a,rniet,ovbieFLrsitmte:iritt, 0.1.14,,e,d to be carried. I was one who went at
no alteration in Refiaed this afternoon : the market is
'most crowded, city in Europe. But wl,,iie we make I Mr. Hume in his laborious calculations. This and ! grumbling at the hadries; of it- qealiry, " that bread vice Bloomfield, Feb. 7. six years 01(1-(A woman in the gallery (his
vsry dull.
mother) said ' Thou went when thou was only c0,.„,-There have been some inquiries for coloury
this sacrifice to our present fears, which we ought at ' the preceding job are equally illuattative of the dist- I is not the best in the woi Id, but it mtv be ate." WHITEHALL, FELL l.
Lord Chancellor has appointed penry Russell_ Hurst, of five and a hall)-and 1 mubt say that they have Foreign Coffee at full prices; all other qualities have been
'all times to make for ihe health and comairt of the interestedness of our most noisy patrtets. B'll.l We do not see exactly the tieces•ity of usirin coer- Lerch.eester, in the county of Leicester, ent. to be a 3laster Ex
- not tune to eat their meat as they should do. I neglected, and where salon of the latter have been forced,
metropolis, we must riot suffer an excessive panc Now that the cholera is in London the Ilinisters I tion to give effect to a bad law when a good law traordinary iu the High Court of Chancery.
.to drive us any further. We would have no have just discovered that an Act of Parliament is rnioht be eat-cored without coeic on. The suspicion WHITEHA LL, Fr.s. 6. will tell you how the thing runs. I have to be the price-, have receded 21. per cwt. ; Jamaica good ord.
. sells at Bls 6d a 83. , fine ord. Sls. a 855.; good ord.
Impediment thrown in the way of active employ. neces•ary to enable the parochial euthi.rities to act of double•dealing (for, we repeat, the Irish are prone The Lord Chancellor has appointed Tobias Harry Tilly, of thankful that I was not so bad as the little girl i • •
Demerara not clean SOs. a 82s. This day's public sales
, Falmouth, in the county ot Cornwall, Gent. to be a Master ExEi
ments of daily industry, which are themselvea the i with efficiency in stemming the progress of the to ask " what good thing corneth out of Go-. mentioned by Mr. Oastler at the Huddersfield 324 bags good yellow Sumatra sold 48s. a 50a. which is
traordinary in the High Court of Chancery.
means of health, both as they are synonymous with disease. The character of Athelstanc the unready, Inee S") may render the coercion to vindicate meeting; I did not start in my sleep and ask 24 a 3s. luwer; 50 bags Demerara sold at former prices,
mid Sss. 6d., triage 82s. There are no purchasers by
exerciae, and as they ensure a sufficiency of food,- in Sir Walter Scott's Ivanhoe, will at once occur the majesty of a bad law a matter both of VasEaHppAoLhiLte,dl'
Lllanb7e.rt Acton Parcloe of 'ls it time 1S it time for m mother who
The Lord Chance'n't•H
~,,,
ea,
eta rico
nHt.,
joi
leer;
anbati
en
;s .tri
eTplti eiesea,
starving- being one of the first cauaes in pestilence. to our readers as a feeble and inadequate type of the difficulty and danger, whereas the remedy of Bewelley, in the counoy of Worcester, Gent., to be a 31as'ter i ,s / '
ften I a*d Ilyi ,f. bed
lay cio,e by me, o Irto pu ne out ol i private contract.
leasreof Ru. m
The account which we gave yesterday of the Lord Pi eaent members of his Maj-sty's Government. the grievariee wowld probable prove its goodness by Extraordinary in 0 e High Court of Chancery.
before I could wake. fhere was genera ly no ir e
pliu
rut se Id, 1
al
s 3
tR
wA Ne II i
Maym's offer of his mansion in Abchurch-lane, as an i These are a few of the exhibitions of talent and in, rendering all coercion superfluous. We are always WHITEHALL, FEB. 8. getting
It ' inure firm, but the holders meet the demand so freely that
ililaLapece/ouinntt,etel f I:.'iriliiinisridHounnyeb,unn, of light, and I found my thinge or not as
hospital for cholera patienta, at first created some l t egrity which Earl Grey's Adtninistrat ion bas doubtful of very refined policy. It is true Mr. threl'it'oewn o
rl
Cithi'MciVer , G ,to
happened. ' MOther I eau% filld my garters.' there is no marked improvement in the prices; proof Lee-
terror ; for Alichurch-lane being in the most crowded afforded within the last two days. We venture to St an ley more thun oace afterward; repe 1 ted that be a Master Extraordin'ary in the High Court of Chancery. .
wards Is. 4-y. als sd. Brandy is very steady, and time
' Well, Joseph, go without them, and I will
part of the cil, and in the midst of other nairow say that there i= not a parish in all England in " the Government would riot readily have under- WHITEHALL FEB. 9.
purchases considerable. In Geneva there is no alteration.
lanes, the transfer of a cholera patient thither would . tahieh men capable of such displays would be taken to bring forward a coercive measure, if at the The Lord Chancellor has appointed Thomas John Birch, of bring them at breakfast-time.' Breakfast
EAST INDIA SUGARS -In East India or Mauritius
be like sending a man infected with the plague into thought qualified for the office of churchwarden or same time they had riot been able to promise the in- krmitage, near Litchfield, Gent., to be a Master Extraordinary
comes, but where am I ? 1 am in tl
.ie Segars ther e was little business last week to report ; there
in the tiigh Court of Chancery.
!
a gaarison,-et ruse sometimes practised amoogst the overseer, and very few in which they would even troduction of a measure of relief." S:ill we do riot , • • frame-crate, lookino over the machine ; the work was no alteration in the prices.
mission by the LordoLunietutenanit of the West Riding of the . es ts
w hFiteemtkum;nstZ c,l,3s:t. s, . -,,,dT. I n:.
hpil7l2saosse.sarnedpc2lt:d,
ga,r,endgyrieold_
barbarous nations of the East, It ia now, however, be trusted to hold the charity-plate at the church- see the necessity of taking all this trouble to coerce -on' C yof York. spins badly ; she puts my breakfast in the win-
understood that the house ba question is not to be door.- Aforning Post. the Irish for an object which may possibly be at-
IBlssvh i
al 8282
s, .
tm,, i2(1.55.b,rty7ini.,,1, 51.8..,..6(16.,
toori21.1:0,
ggzi:cl:vivtrei
J; Rimington, Esq. to be Deputy Lieutenant of the West „
Rioing and of the Ainsty of York, Jan. 12 (10W Uottolll, and I Make an attempt to eat it.
coneidered in the light of a general hospital for We are glad to have it in our power to state that tained without coercion. We certairdy, fear their commission by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of The overlooker comes to the machine and-
cholera patients, brat only as a receptacle for such distrust will make them slow no believe that if they , Southampton.
ymington TrJrp of Yeomanry Cayalry-E Hyde, Gent. to ' Holloa, an end down there.' Igo according 16s. 61. ; 299 lids. Peron Rico, brown 175., yellow 19s.
an explanation was last night given in the House of
as may be attacked in the neighbourhood. It return to the practice of paying tithes, they. will be Lieutenant, I eh. 2.
would, however, be better to have no rece tion- Commons of the views of Ministers with regard to
~ comminiotis by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Worcester. tO his order and set it rioht, and return to get te 22,. 61 By public sale this day, 1,891, chests white
ever rid the . eiv sof them. Not tt• twe h •
hav innah Sugar sold with briskness, the good 30s, to
t Irish tithes, which must go far to quiet the uneasi-
_avi,Lorneest_eirs h i rxeonYeorennatn rty reaviailrr
i/- sYt- ,\i'esi tiele amuittt,‘Esq.eto
my breakfast, but when I have get two or three
houses except in the outskirts or less freqtipentad faith in the "logos's:bib of coercin Sawhole aPeeoaprlte., t_ p i ;E. DI , G . o
i y g n , v. it IMb-de
31.., rather higher; the ord. and grey rather lower. 147
parts of the metropolis. In confirmation of our ness of the people of Ireland. Several petitions but the attempt might be producdve of bitinite mis- Gent. to be Second Lieutenant, Feb. I. spoonfuls of my porridge, the o,verlooker calls out
cleats Brazil; Bahia arid Pernams all taken in, r.o buyer!.
view that the malady, however severe, is not having been presented from the county of Wexford, chief. Mr. Cvuker wished to try whether he could DECLARATIONS OF INSOLVENCY. ' Holloa, an end down here. In doing that lAv rage price of Sugar I/. 4s. 71d. per cwt.
identical with that horrible seourge the Asiatic Praying for the abolition of tithes, Mr. Walker, who not succeed somewhat better in extorting a favour- JOHN MACKAY, Broud-street, London, insurance-broker. L •
LNetRrE. W LEWIS DE MEFZ, Bunhill-row, Middlesex, am kept continually on my legs, and Int meal FOREIGN Suoan IiEFINEK.Y.-Lord Auckland has
cholera, we refer to two letters in this day's bad been requested by the petitioners to support elite opinion from Mr. S•anley than Sir Robert Peel te beeen imispecting the process of the Sugar Refining, by
ttets cold and I cannot eat it. When it is carried
PaPerr-one from a physician who allows ua the prayers of the petitions, and who gove a star•ling had aticceeded with lam d Althorp• 'He supposed Dr. [lre ; it ia stated the Brazil is weaker than they anti-
to publish his name. The subject writ n• ain noticed RICHARD GASCONEN,KI2IIISid, Surrey', tailor, Feb. '23 home at noon, ' Well, what's thou brought the
c,pated, the Refined appears white outside, but intide ,
' (
picture'of the atrocities to which rhe peasantry were she said), from the explanation just given, that the anal march 27, at eleven, at the Court of Bankruptcy. Scarth,
in Pailiament last night, and it will breakfast back for ?' ' 'Why, my side spun SC) brown. The aficial report is not given, but it is under.
Ilirdsters would execute the law immediately, but
eltge seen that subject under the existing law, alluded to the senti-
ill, I hadn't time to eat it,' ' Well, thou must stoett it win be favourable for dlowing the Refinery from
Lard Altherp introduced a Bill for vesting extraor- merits alleged to have neen expressed by two Noble ITV;:F..ITkNox, maiostone, grocer, March 2., at one, and 27,
that at the same time they were prepared to introdon e at eleyen, at the Ct/urt,of Bankruptcy. Stephens, Wilkinson,
dinary powers in the Privy Council, wiih a view to ' Lorda belonging to the Governmenn a measure to remove, not the existence of the tithes and Sat( hell lale st 1 homas Apostle g.,et thy dinner ; it is not a very good one, but Foreian Sugars.
COTTON. -The Cotton Market still looks very firm ;
RO' BERT'fiAtMILTON Fountlin-coMrt Bishopsgate-street,
It il put thee on a bit.' This is all true, and
arrest the progress of cholera, or to alleviate its "If it was true (he said) that Lord Grey had thews( fres, bat the evils (Wending the r collection," wine-merehant, feb. 20, at twelve, and Mar'ch 27, at ten, at the
tilsieopßur,eohaaslesora,rfe
41-,lolBo(nSiulra4t,3oin d.
34(1
31.1,aoriaa.1 fin(iirotii.. ;
pres-tue. The measure appeared to meet general threatened to deluge Ireland once more with blood, it was But Mr. Sraeley soon undeceived lion on this poiot. c oltagsrml3.l,l;k j-tuipit,ciyixJzasst,,ulirtne,lttlreer:uirity;.ruundsey,
dealer in much more I could tell you. On one occasion
acquiescence) in so fir as respected the grant of the withering to the hopes of evety Irishman here who has "He begged leave to say, that thee- attention was marine-stores Feb. 17;at eleven); and March 27, at ten, at ihe it happened that sometiiing was wrong, for you 200 Peratims, fair 47i l. a 7iii'. ;• 70 New Oulaant, fair;
necessary powers to the executive Government f hitherto supported his Government, and has airemly caused d i rected to secure the maintenance of the Protestant ,
Court of Bankruptcy; Noel, Carey-street.. .
know that sometimes lads will oet into mischief, 6fl. ; 200 Eeypriari, fair 6-;,id.
b
hid we are not sure that Sir R. Peel was unfounded much mischief in Ireland; but he would caution thi. Go. clergy, arid at the same t•me tn) the existence of Ihe ROBERF OGDIN HALLI VS! ELL, W. hitechapel-road, oil.
FRUIT.-On Wednesday, by public sales, 116 brla. Red
:ft his recommendation to provide fer ;he ex ence vernment, or any other who should draw the sword in s . '' man, I eb. 24, at one, and March 27, at twelve at the Court of .
Bankruptcy Soame. Great Winchester-street' Broad-street. '
as em of tithea."-(Hear.) The tithe then are ' N-• ~-E 'lef • ` -estureeat, Ct'heel'e' ••' trell ,Fb "4 •
old lie could not beat us sufficiently with a
Smyrna Raisins damaged sold at 395. a 40s. • 65 butts
artendittg an effleient. system of precautions aPrill of that country, and eapecially to support a system they
t h sCao,a‘r lc ofa Bearnkreu .t-c
'1 '
, leather st.rap, so he sent for avt op. I was ter
~
Currants art damaged, at 645. a 66. and 4 c'aroteels at
s a great atter. 'I it hes are a
condemned. This i • m `., ' titjt(einHand Mlalirch A. 7 ' aS°t eulteht,
'
remedies; out of the public purse, rather than from -elves confessed t.,, be unjust, that though the bayou. ts ' oaneeamare, Chelsea. pyl rifled, being quite a little one, when I heard the 675. By' Ip'rivate contract there has been very little done.
description of pro err essentially in•to ious to oro- "s'`llls* sl
trill'iearnht haventthie.ir victilmd s.n tthe pukes would have their vic-
monster coming up the stairs cracking the whip, HEMP, FLAX, AND TALLOW.-TalloW hal heen dull,
'that of individual parishes. The parochial racers pii.rty in general ; aPrid Ywhatever tna jba d. termiened FeliA...llll.,,i'Eu',ll., ,311,tr/e'tiU,T2TlSs.ltilt_.eAu,l),..t talteasrter,nuc,ott\oir];isephiensttieerr,
ibnie
boe
sbbeed theßubtlital:tei
tnight perhaps be more wasteful of the national ie. : tohlretaht
eo
_ti.t,h;e -
with regard to the Protestatit clerey,y, it is celeai. I% -
kirlington, Gregory, and Faulkner, Bedford-row, London ; Ha- and I got under the machinery ; the others and the prime lower, notwithstanding the large deliveries
1 f ce milton, Nlanchester.
yesterday and this forenoon ; there is, however, more
'sources than of their own, but economy in I tr
ie..: ns tea Irssoi ha t w otu "1
d.
siic•l was abroad, and whatever the contemplated punishment 11 ghly proper that they should InOt be paid by ti hes. Tiaposin: ceohAe.rsat:Toat, sell., Manchester, cheese-factor Feb. caught It severely, but I being a very little one
,era.t two, at the Palac. Inn, 31 'cheater. firmness :. yellow candle Tallow at 445. In Hemp or Flax ,
r.7.,•;es is mot the mon important consideration. Be- might be, he refied it to succeed-tnr supposing a minis For this get-at change we are ifidebted to the I ish, ..fri2lsa,r,enh
.I,aannd
he could not see me, so that I escaped for that
.r there is little alteration. . '
es, why may r.lot the authority created by this ter weak or rash enough, or, he would add, wieard enough to whom we ought to be groeful for the exampl JOHN 'FOULKES, Mold, Flintshire, wine-merchant, Feb. 21 tii Another CirCOMStance was this ;
t Oras.-Common oils remain steady in price, though
Bill controul the distribution of the funds ? Aliich io attempt it, -where are the prisons to confine, or the they have set us.- Mornino i' hronicle. • e :2'2, and March 27, at elevens, at the King's Arms Inn, Hollywed, ne.
Fiintshire. Huxley, Temple ; Williams, Hollywell. happened that one of the master's sons arid lie rather more doirig in them. Sperm and Olive Ods at
we are sure, may also be done by voluntary contri..' fleets to carry into exile, or the executioners sufficiently
We are never disposed to find fault without reason), CHARLES MUIRHEAD BURGESS, Toxteth Park, Lan.
notwrail pric-s. Rape Oil 20s. dearer, and few sellers. ,
eashire, builder, Feb. °5 and March :27, at two, a the Clarendon- had to sew lists. That day I set the machinery
bution, arid fresh subscriptions will, we have no numerous or hardened tu put to death nine millions ot
In Linseed Oil the export demand continues, and the
arid the appearance of such a calamity as the cholera rooms, Liverpool. Robinson, Liverpool; Blacksttock and Bunce, a going and tore off the overlookees list, upon
doubt, be set on foot in every parish of the metro- People?" King's Bench-walk, Temple. pot chases made fur the home trade during the last ten days
have been large ; priees, however, are stationary.
in London is not one of the occasions upon which RICHARD BAYLEY SIDFORD, Wilton, Wiltshire, baker, which he felled me down by a bat (blow) on the
polis to extend the means of food, clothing, and 'Fhb; called up Lord Althorp, who admitted-
,lj.aztrurcruh.s,}a:tyeornete,t,a!2.ed,,':,.'74aarutcru•leven, at the White Hart Inn, New
side of the head, and the drum kept goino round anoc.-We cannot quote any alteration sinCe Oar lest
comfort for the poor.-Timea. " That Le was present in the House the day after the we should be likely to depart from our system But
te
if we are to infer from the document issued yester- tonj,
nil.7ll.ielet,t:aant toottoplace elsewhere, ht:it hedid not then inter-
OoEril)sliairAn,‘"s:ltluiVna"nEuredtujreA:EN:.Va:Nncr :3(l)aOrNiecola.a.; against my cheek while I lay on the ground. At iin the state of the narker.
SALTPETRE.-Altrr the India House sale 2,665 bags
Lord Grey's Alinistry did more last night to re ah he was astonished at hearlog what
sume its ascendancy over the public spirit of tbe was attributed to his Noble Friend, be was not aware of day by the Central Board of Health, calling for fhe twelve, at the yid Cock Inn, Halifax. Jaques, Battye, and 'EA- that time, as is common with lads, I thought I
formation of dispensaries, and the establishmeet of Saltpetre, 1 etraction 5 to 16, all silld 35.. a 365. 6.1. ;
wards, Coleman-street, Lolidon ; Lonsdab:, Halifax_ . .
GEORGE BROOKE KEER, sen., kramlingham, Suffolk, that, if ever I were able, I should like to re-
-2,056 hags South American so d 290 a 30s.
country, and to acquire the esteem and confidence what had actually taken place."
cholera hospitals, that too such important measures compense him for his ill-treatment, but 1 have
of all well-judging men, than it could have effected The Neble Lord added- common-brewer, Feb. 22, at six, and March 27, at eleven, at the
Crowns Inn, Framlingharn. Carthevs-, Harleston, Norfolk; Fair.
lever yet had corporeal strength to do it, and coEwapsaenylzo:,a,
,Hou..se7:l,;:„Day...:.aatrin tesn.s S.alt,:terre:
were omitted up to that moment, we wish to know
by commanding a majority of nine-tenths of the " I say, Sir, lOr 3 surprised ; because, though my
' 1136 61 3' 6d • b t 2 6d 1 •
Noble Friend (oith whom I have acted all through life) what measures of a preventive! nature h
ril d f bank, staple Inn, London. I
House of Commons. This great advantage (and tee -ear- o. ASHTON"EtyLOII, Dogford-mills, Royton, Lancashire, now lam more anxious to combat him with 70 dtto, Lice.n. sed, sold 34.1.. a 375. ; 2,004 bags Pepper,
Heal,h has adopted during the long interval between cottotospiuner, 1 eb. 27, March I and 2,, at three, at the Palace
and the rest of the Cabinet will always be ready to enforce
at the present crisis it is a national advantage) was ob- Inn, Manchester. Hampson, Manchester; Atilington, Gregory, reason and argument, and to convert him by Cornpiny'n silted, sold 3/-‘l. a sp. ; 60 ditto Private, fine
the law, yet the whole principle of his lifi has been, that its appouitmetit arid the actual presence of the dis- and Faulkner, liedfo,rd-row.
,/ white. lii'l. a 9P. ; 261 packs Cloves, Amboyna, good
tained at no expense,and by no manceuvre. It resulted
JOHN GILBER I, jun., Coventry, coael?-proprietor, Feb. 24, Statements such as have been made before you.
when estram dinar?' powers were necessary to enforce the ea.se. .
% It is not in a spirit of contradiction or
ord. 9d. a Ild. ; 298 chests Ni tm i I •
i egs, HI i • ,
at two, and March 27, at eleven, at the Court ot Bankruptcy. 161 a 191.
from one of those frank and straight-forward declare-
__.
__
_____
law, they ought not to be given unless they were accom- ' criticism that we make this remark, but with iit vie sv Stephens. Wilkipson,and Sliell, Little St. Thomas Apostle. and gcod 3s. a 3.. 4d., slirivelleit 2.. sd. a 2a. 7d. ; 195
THE LIFE OF A HACKNEY COACHMAN. ciiesta Alace, Isto 5s 2d. a ss. 6d. ord. 2ds 41. 3d. a
lions on the part of Lord Althorp which hove . NS ILLIAM IC Ft MAU/HAM, King-street, Coyent-gar_
In ponied with a remedy f». the grievances complained o
f to call the attention of the public to the subject.
former instances redounded so much to the ri edit of
4s. 41, mouldy 31.3 d. a Ss. 9d. .•
Such negligence, if it have occurred, ought to be Cou'rt of Bankruptcy.' Meyrhott and Son, Great Surrey-street,
that well-meaning Nobleman, and in the tiSed dis- should be u held, and that ille al conabinati. ns should be Surrey. (From the Parrot, an amusing weekly publication.) -
corrected as speedily as possinle. To think that, ISAAC WIsEMAN, Norwich, silkman Feb. 24, a, three,and One would believe that the lite of a hackney-coachman COUNTRY CORN MARKETS DURING THE WEEK.. .
position to which consists so much Of his Lordship's put down ;Phut if these are cagused by grievances existing at; er all that ha. a been spoken), written, and pub- March 27, at one, at the Court of Bankr'optcy. James, Buck- • . . .
bold upon the favourable sentiments of others. On in the country, which it is in the power of the Legisla-
hs, lersbury. ls a very extraordinary one. Not at all ; it is the life of
Wheat. Barley. j Oats. 1 Beans.
iithed on the subject we should be at last t k n
the occasion of a petition being presented against tune fo remedy, I say that they ought to be remedied. r - a-e- `-'; DANIEL AUST, Walcot, Somersetshire, builder, Feb. 25 the fashionable company.
surprise, without even dispensaries or hospitals pre- and 31arch 27, at twelve, at the Three Cups Inn, Bath. Ilarvey, In the intervals of his farss, he has all the manners of Per Quarter. s. to s. s. to s. s. to s. s. to is.
the continuance of the tithe sp tern in Ireland, the This, Sir, is the principle on which Government ia pre-
Barnard's Inn, Holborn ; }felling's, Bath.
Boston - 56 - 26 - 18 34 --
Chancellor of the Exchequer got up, arid in distinct pared to act in this instance, and this, too. is the only prin- d for the afflicted is one of those absurdities
pare , .
GEORGE PARKER, Deritend, Warwickshire, factor, Feb. 'lie world.
Gainsborough .. . - 59 - 37 - ‘2,) - 33
Which men are slow to believe, in consequence of and March 27 at twelve, at the Union Inn, Birmingham. He rises at the break of day ;on putting on his jacket Grantham ..... 55 58 32 38 18 24 43 48
c'ple, on which we. can act."-(Laud cheers )
/ Y / he goes to the stable dear, looks what sort of weither it thinasby 5O 61 28 311 15 20 30 40
and emphatic terms disavowed on the part of Lord
Sivin'a n, Stevens, 3,laples, Pearse, Hunt, and Stevens Old Jewr • •
1 his declaration of Lerd Althorp was received their very extravagance. But every day's experience
Grey, and on his own, the obnoxious construction 1 derhill, Birmingham.
Horncastle-.-........ .52 58 31 35 16 22 35 33
all
sLpiirsicshoyln
with satisfaction by the House and 'Mr. O'Connell. shows that it is not a side rule to reject as untrue JAMES BREARLEY, Rochdale, Lancashire, woollen ma- is: " The deuce take much a day," mays he, gaping', "it
which had been put upon the language of the Noble
nufacturer, Feb. 29 and Feb. 7, at eleven, at the star Inn, Man- is beautiful weather ;" or else, " Suovess ! it will be,
day, devilish bad weather." Does not the ol•t".. , Stamford 52 :=8 26 36 16 20 28 32
Eerl, in relation to the Church of Ireland. Lord Sir Robert Peel, on the other hand, seemed as it what is only unreasonable.-Mornieg Herald.
cheater. Johnson and Weatherall, King's Bench-walk, Temple;
53 64 ‘l9 36 2 I 24 39 -
Clarkson, Rochdale. . . p i man say
Althorp stated, that Lord Grey and himself "agreed were to awake out of a dream. The announcement m3de by Mr. Stanley last
Dl‘ IDEN DS. the same when be reads the papers? if there be a prospect York - 54 65 30 40 16 29 34 44.
" I cannot, Sir (said the Right Hon. Baronet), re-
of peace, he is suffocated : if of vrar, he rubs his hande NORWICH, Feb. 11.
inn this-that while we are prepared to enrolee' the night in the House of Commons, respecting the R. Newman, Old Cavendish-street, Cavendish-square, victu.
frain from expreasing my deep regret at the deckrations
jil,eir, 31arch 3, at twelve, at the Court of Bankruptcy-J. . , , , , Wheat (per qr.) ... 556 625. filis. Beans (per qr.) ........- Ms. 425.
laws when broken, yet we should be depart. f
B.iriey.. 24s. 365. 38s. Pease, Grey.........--. 345. 3es.
111 tom rude 1, the or ar sof IC Ma' t ' G tithe system in Ireland, is, with the exception of
K ght, Rupert-street, Haymarket, saddler March 5 at eleven wun "'Pt.
jes y s tiverbninienrt ihn tibia.
at 'the Court of Bankruptcy-R. Groaning, Broad-sireet-huild: The coachman rubs down his horses, swearing; puts Oats
the principles which we have acted on throueh our ciao! Y the fgt hie L •ist the Reform Bill, the most important-to the real
' iran •s o egis ature, which, wetit 41 e . . .... , ings, merchant, 3larch 5, at ten, at the Court of Brnkruptcy_
lives, if, when extraordinary powers are demanded interests nif the couritry whi .11 we remember to J. Lapage, I.eeds, merchant March 19, at eleven, at the Cla- them to, threatening : and goes to the stand, whipping. CANUERBURI, Feb. 11.
reconcoable with each other or not are certainly calcu-
rendon_buddings, LiverpoolLJ Hawkins, Bristol, grocer, March But his coach, which has no feeling, he cleans it, whistling. Wheat, wrere....--- :14; Lo
6368:: - gltdl-.-, zss: re
--a...
to enforce the law, those extraordinary power, lated to make itnpres.iuns ann raise e'xpectationa of a very have been made. The tithe system is to be enforced
I...faitilte, atit,t,i,e, Offices of Messrs. Gregory and Smith, Bristol So it is in the world: furniture is respected ; servants are Barley, Malting...-. 345, to 425. - Grinding.. 28s. to 325.
should be granted, unless accompanied b
afq il•
y an e - ( ulcerous ( utracter t roug out t ,i. country. eI o ie
.1 • h h t Th Nha for the present-that is to say, the clergy of thr
L pool, merchant, 3larch 8, at twelve, at the
Oats -......--- 1255. to 28s. - Old----- --s. to 345.
ffice of essrs. Shackleton, Wright, and Hunter, Liverpool- kill' d• .
Beans --- oas to 38s -..... Old--....... 4ns. to 445.
&lent remedy for the grievance which occasions Lord's (Althorn) declarations will certainly make the Established Church in Ir. laird are to enjoy their ie- 0
.........-...„,.. 43i. to 455. -- Grey ---- 355. to 38s.
their necessity." LThis monly announcement of the deepest impressions. I presume that that speech has ori. gal rights while the present law exists-but, on the '1 Lovell North Petherton Somerset 'hire draper March 15 A citizen arrives at the stand :it is soon seen that Se Peace * *
at.eleyen;a't the Duke of Welling on In'n, B;uton,So'rn'ersetshire, wants a coach. Six coaches go off full gallop to meet
31A NCHESTER, Feb. 11. -
gnawed from some change in the intentions o the Govern- other hand, aiiy measure of coercion which the Go- -H. Nutter, J. Nutter, and T. Wake, fEddersfield, 'Yorkshire, . . •
spirit in wisich th Government is prepared to aer,
him. He takes the one with the best horses ; but he Wheat, per 701 b. Us. Od. to 93.8 d. Red 9s. 34. to 9s. 6d.
tnent ; if not, I will not be a party to the delusion which vernment may propose for the consideration of Par- ifinerchants, March 12, at ten, at the Pack Horse Inn, Builders-
Barley, per 60lb 5 0 5 3 Oats 3 6 3 8
was hailed with cheers of general satitfaction. If it . eld-W. Drinkwater, Manchester, draper March 19, at nine, takes it by the tisne and the coach can hardly crawl on. In
42 0 46 0
I think tih:t sp7ch is calcuiated to roduce. I there- at the Palace Inn, Manchester-W. Burrast'on, Worcester, hop- lieeaasnes, ts,rbilmperialiraerreari
bushel
does not pledge Alinisiers to any specific measure
hat II ,P h rd ' liament, in order to Mole the clergy to levy their
o.e smile manner men run after places, rind fall asleep when
:Or!, fee ound ere. to say, t. . i.ve ea no propos ;if hes from the laity, is to be accompanied by other Tc=r'an:i. trockli,Bg„rntloienv,%'/Ns L'iTetbaj
imir,varree, lon
42 0 49 0
reapecting tithe, it indicates at least, with stiflicieto loon made to the Tithe Committee with respect to a per-
Flour, per Sack f 2801 b 47 0 53 0
cleat-fleas, the character and bearing of their medi- manent arrangement for a provision for the clergy of the meacures, the direct tendency of which is the ex- at the Bell Inn, Swindon. hl3 'alt.N;e'rc-, in ~ffice. 31z1R,,per 6 lnirrrial bPushels
The citizen pays a visit. In conning nut he finds the
tared policy. We repeat that nothing could have Established Cburch in Ireland which is calculated to realia• tinction of the tithe in Ireland I For this announce-
G. and W. CleinCi..n:Rtsl,WeCstA;/ErgY "11',aiRnLelars6hire, br ~ya., -..av horses unbridled and the coachman in the public-house. EXETER al Alt KETS.-Feb. 10.
f (score)-----8s icl. 9. 6(1. Wheat (bushel) ..Bs.od. Bs. 3d.
been more seaaonable than such an assurance, at a the expectations which, I think, the speech of the Noble melir-0 honest, SO straight.forward, so manly- Moore and J. Nl`Crleight, Liverpool, 'corn-merchants-e- svs.sPope, Is it not the same in offices? If the chief is absent a
!tuna' on.) 05; 0 6 Barley 46 4 9 ,
Veal and tamb-....0 6 0 7 Oats '2 3 2 6 j
'tone when Lord Giey's beet friends were givirig Lord holds out. Seeing the condruction whiiih has beet, the Govertiment deserves not only the gretitude I/I
sih)9r,tWlood4l Chepl.tlirnej, co
.tkt-Mi
tnenre r -rn
{l,in Charles, Liyertioll, single moment, the clerk is so too.
The hackney-coach is run against on the right by a rierete---(7,-.7.7.-:
1t 2 11=575.....,„J S 7 g ;
way to impressions, little short of despair, as to his put upon that speech hy the gentlemen from Ireland, aid Irelaml, but Ihe lull confirlerice of ihe 1 I
w-lthe ler', Fligilnitor7l-1, Birsj, Yorkshire,'leatheejd"ecarleren7.-Saru.ndears,
waggon, hut on the left it runs against a cab; system of Ducks 'cow, e \--I 0 5 0 Eggs (12) ---..0 0 1 0
capacity for legislating with regard to Ireland. knowing- how prob :file it is that a snit stronger colist.ne_ country. How often have Mr. Hume and ot hera Great Coram-street, Russell-square, boarding-house-keeper-G.
Next to the final carrying of the Reform Bill, this tion wouln be put upon it by thont in Irelaad who Oid nit laboured, anti laboured ill vain, to pion-ore sucli TearYrin°yrrl-slraenecthessuterresotneantiencgoititte...marantagneora-ds.x.r. %,xOl.-1, compensation. Observe well the jostlinge you receive and Fowls ...-................3 0 40 , Potatoes (peck) -0 60 7
_ _. _____ .-.,:.=_-___:-...-....
wae the happiest hit that could have been made by hear the speech, 1 teel it to be my duty to discl,iin beirg a deelatalcON from preceding Admiiiistiations t. bootmaker. uth arK' give, and you will see whether you do not act as hackney--
IRISH MARKETS.
4 ITNERSHIPS DISSOI VFD coachmen
31inisters.-Tirnes. any party to that rni•repres-ntation. I think that that 11,.w often have appeals on the iniquitous chat ac• er J. Freeman, aPhdlo. Smith, Bermondsey N'ew-'ro.ad, soap-manu- An to li.is fares, it is clear that he goes only where one DUBLIN MARKET NOTE.-FRtnav, Feb. 10.
speech is eolculated to preclude the enf4cement of the facturers-J. and J. J. Page, Standard-hill Nottinghamshire From To Average.
It ia, we find, impossible to keep pace with the nov. _ft is true, the Noble Lord sa s the exison law of the Irish tithe system been met by Peel arid
, lace-manufacturers-W. Leigh and H. Hough, Stockport, Che.' goes, and that one goes only where he drives to. '2,403 Wheat, per barrel 20 stone 27 0 34 0 28 4
other., with groas accuaation. of intended rapine shire, line -drapers-J. Thomas, and T. Butler,Walsall, StaffOrd- At nine o'clock he Irae to choose between the candidate elaa Bele .. 16 stone 14 0 16 0 14 11
blunders and clelloquencies of the Administration so will remain enforced ; but he alsogsuys that the ggriev-
shire, saddlers' nronmongers-I. Moseley anal T. Nixon, Mac- of the Royal Institution who goes to distribute, in one 322 Barley. l6 stone 14 0 17 6 15 4
long as we attempt to best ow upon each the deeree ances will be redressed. Now, to make that declaratinn, and spoliation on the part ot the movers ! flow Ire-
elesfield, common carriers-J. Heron and J Corner, Liverpool, 4,383 Oats - _ l2 stone 9 0 12 0 10 2
of attention which its importance to the public wed- unless his Majesty's Government is prepared with a specific quently have those who would with a kind e t
, Vide, tailors-B. Blaine and W. Green, Kingston_upon.flull, linen. hundred and fur ty-four visits, not the books he ha, written
and forbearing hand, have applied Reform to the sia-apers_s. aod p. s. Davies, übester, enytnists ..o.deyebsternnd hut the prospectus of those he intends to write ; and the 492
sOuttnte,alla-e.;7oy.b st ri 0 0 14 0 11 10
/ 10,597 Cwt. Flour--.-- 9 sttcsin:
16 0 21 0 0 0
fere deserves. They come out so rapidly that in plan for the effectual removal o, the grievance, seems t.. be
, , E. B. noose, Liverpool, rope-makers-J. Pons an Co., Mile-
broker who runs to offer paper for money and who asks
.... 16 0 21 0 18 8
our duty of suitable animadversion we should inevi- most unwise, and most calculated to render the enforcement English Church esiabltshme,,t in, Ireland, been tom end-road, silk-dyers', (so far as regards W. F. Wingrove)-D. 6,920 Cwt. Flour.
Average price of Wheat and Flour 46, Bd. per sack.
of the law impoolib e. If the Government is prepared to by the Tory leaders that their motioos could not be Hanson and Co. Dewsbury, Yorkshire, cotton-spinners-G. .1. money for paper.
tably fall into airear unless we adopted the expe- Healey and Co.,'Sbeflield, merchant: R. and G. I'latt, Staley- el ' •lock other business • a rende vous for an f e ipts of Flour, lijo,j7 Firsts, --.-.. from 20s. Od. to 21s. Od.
firing forward a plan for the provision of the clergy dit- listened to for a moment-that the Hoose could not bridge, cheshire,• cotton-spinners-F. 0 Barker and F. Eaden, •
Slalcees of Do 10 '„7/Secands from
. ,a. . • . •-•-- 16s. Otl. to I9s. Od.
diem of stringing them together lite a row of beada.
affair of honeur ; a . ue wit sworn sor pistols.
At tw ve o c
'd
1 - h .1
' z I hirds,-...-. from 6s. Od. to 103.0 d.
tiring in character from the provision of tithes, I hope entertain them, &c.-yet now-so different is the C"rabridge, common-brewers-J. Morrison and Co., Monythus-
and preservinn them for separate inspection and loyne, Monmouthshile, coal-owners, (so far as regards W. Phil: At five o'clock, dinners ; now is the time for hackney- PRICK OF BREAD.
they will lein it forward without delay ; but 1 entreat nd •it of the times-the a
tefmper ale sipt.r nnouncement pot)-A. Corbett and J. Sime!, Wood-street, Cheapside-. coachmen to be in the city ; they are sure of a fare to Quartern Loaf B%cl. l Half Quartern.,
_.........4ud.
remark as time and space permit. WHIM the list them, if theirgmind is made up, at once to relieve the oth .mo Into .
ti of the very system which could Greenslade and J. Acraman, Bristol, brush-makers-J. Gouldn,se
, th t I -
day or two we find the following subjects of repre- C.anmitt,e from all responsibility on this subject, and not not previously be meddled with, lest all the pro- and c. Brown, Basinghall-street, woollen-warehousemen-1. e wee en, .
Downing and Co., King's-road, Chelsea, floor-cloth-manufac- At eleven o'clock, the theatres close. Visite continue Wheat, Barley. 1 Oats. Flour per cwt.
per barrel per barrel per barrel e...---:-..-----s
hension, which are, it will he admitted, too nume- to deter/see on us that sericite, consideration into which we • , , a_ I• , IllTers, (so far as regards I'. Downing)-J. Ford and It. Abbott,
perty, am, all toe vesteo rtgots of the conamu- till twolve. Balls till one. Garning-honses all night. O 0 stone. 16 stone. 14 stone. Ist. 2d.
Istol, plumbers.
--..
j_ j _
___
._
j.j. j . _
_____
rous to allow of any lengthened remarks. It is, must enter, if we are to recommend a subsequent arrange- , .
I Id b h k b ' • ; d di Br
arty smu esa en y it, is receive , accor •ng to Therefore nothing grand or imposiug takes place in this „is -__
.a s.d.l s.d. as.d. s.d.as.d..s. d.as. (1. s. d.as. d.
indeed, too transparent to require it :-Ist. It ment of this very Ifficult question."
new Babylon, in which hackney.- lt
coacomen do not concur. C9rk...,-. 22 0 30 o'll 6 14 0 96 10 6116 0 19 0 5 0 15 6 J
has just transpired that the Irish Government, Sir Robert at once saw thet the coup ..g
lir, the our Parliamentary' report, with cheers, the like of It .was currently reported in Edinburgh tO-
which were never heard in the llouse of Common 1 • Add to that that they are now on a par with the equip Limerick :27 630013 0 14 1512 013618020 0 0 0 15 0
S • day that the cholera had broke out in Banff, and that five ge9 Waterfordl26 0 30 013 0 15 0110 0 11 018 0 20 010 0 16 0 ,
under the joint management of Lord Plunkett and remedy or the grievance with the communication of __,.
of masters, they enter courts, they ahnost enter rooms. nlonmel I"O 4
i- 30 0 12 0 16 011.1 6 13 920 0 20 0 13 0 18 0
d tia ho, after the annotiecement of last night, at ill now i,d ,
cases la occurred in that town.-Scotsman of Saturday. .ir
' -1•• ' ' 190 11 3,0 6210 0 0 0 0
larlow -28 0 .29 ola 0 l5 0
____
___.
Mr. Stanley, has left Ireland without a Magistracy extraordinary powers to enforce the law, destroy
e,
doubt the manl ene f the Government-its ehe mast •
ers of modern carriages and old hackney-coach- os-_,_
nutter.
for a considerable period, because, after repeeted all the fond hopes which the report of Earl Grey s , . , y TY ° , •
Fhe LORD MAYOR has, in the most hand- men are old acquaintances, and have good reason to esteem Beef, mutton, Pork, -
devotion to tne reel interests of the country-its
per lb. per lb. per cwt. Ist. 2t4. ltd. 4th. sth,
remonstrances, they persisted in extorting fees on speech led him to cherish. Indeed, to be consistent , . .
some manner, placed at the disposal of the City of London each other.
anon to implement its pledges of retrench-
etermin . .
the renewal of the commissions contrary to la ,e, wit h himself, Lord Grey was bound to remedy the "
d d d d • I d s dausells d.
ment and Reform ? Who will now doubt that the Bo ird of Health his mansion in Ahchurch lane, (formerly ~,,,1 . ,
Id • d W H C k .11 a6.3i d 5. tgi7 0. a 31,0 ;I's 6 s'e oea ii eie osb e
i t ere is an o man, name ILLIAM AR- or - .
and under the authority, as they supposed, or now griev.ince before calling for extraordinary pteaer, for . .
Limerick- 3 43i 434 0 35 0870 81 0 7.5 069 Ona 0
Reform Bill will not find its way as successfully t
ir
ion, b .
he residence of Sir FRANCIS FREELINO.) The most active
affect to have supposed, of a Treasury minute, since he observed not:long ago, that it had always been a
RISON, living with Mr. HAR.flarnox. Bridge-street, in S.Vaterford 4 6 3 632 0 35 O'B2 080078076 0 70 0
through the Lords as it wili assuredly find its way ex •t. . are now eing made by the officers of the corpo-
discovered, and confessed Ity themselves, to have maxim with him that the best way of dealing with this city, who was caulker's mate, in 1797, on board the
,Calor.i7el -1 :.?" ."..).
(6) 3:11 143 3)
il;S) :!f24 .0 :;•-f-i .0
68- (4 z 2 .
through the House of Commons ? Who can doubt ration to prepare it for the immediate reception of cholera Thetis, 74, in which the i
.inmort il NaLsotr stormed Santa ' ri° v
____
._4 A u ti 2
been superseded by another minute of the Treasury e t
s di ion was to remove the cause of it. When a
la% i,, that an Adminiatration which has nobly da•ed to in- patients, and it will be ready in the coarde of Wednesday, croe. During the attack, HARRISON received fiVr KILRENNY.-Bnlter --, to 75a. per cwt. ; Wheat 275. to 295.
of a more recent date. . 2d. It bee just been con- whole nation declares against a law, the v .
per barrel ; Flour 211 s. to 345. per bag, Oats 9s. to 11s. par bar-
thereby
.pronounced bad, for no law ought to exist r 'ldle with the most c I r -; ; h . for the accommodation of wird% of 50. Dr. B. G. shots in his left arm, which shatteied the limb terribly. t ,
te me- sa re! 0, existmg Rouses, up
p‘. , ; , , e el , Barley 13s. to Iss. , lb M 4rl
• Beef 4d. to a.t. per . ; utton •
fessed by Lord Plunkett that those fees, or the
is not alsu furnished by our gracious sovereion with BABINGTON (in addition to the valuable services which he Four were extrae.e- at toe bine .'y tde surgeon 0. the to sd. ; Potatoes 2d. per stone; Coats te od. per cwt.; Bacon,
bedience to which is not insured by its accor-
greai er part of them, were destined to the pocket or time o
A f Thetis, in the cockpit, but the filth was allowed to re_ Pigs 325. to 1335. per cwt.
• amnle Dower to do awa w
-
Lance with the sentiments of those subject to it. .. r ,
~ y ith others equally has, trom the commencement, afferded to the Boar. o . . .
- _ .__.______-_
his Secretary, " a nephew of his °wit," whom he I
1 d • d
main, as it was consir ere in a angernus situation. A - -- .
favour of tithes is, therefore, a dead iniquitous S-allorning Advertiser. Health) has alto granted one of his houses, graruitously,
BIRTHS. '
tolerable cure ensued, bu I
t a mout two months ago the fifth
aPPointed to that office in so perfect a con-ciouaness The law in
on the Ilth inst. in Harley-street, the wife of James Gordon
letter; and Lord Althorp has declared that no ex. ---- - ler the use of the Board. In fact, the belt spirit has ma-
that thought fit to make sail for h I • - 1
of his incapacity that he required him to obtain a
t e t ay-light, and after a Duff Esq., of 111adeira, of a son.
depiity in the -person of the receding Secretar , aeteout
3,. traordinary meaeures should be resorted to, ; h Si
. nce our last, one case of cholera has oc- il d i If i
n :este_ _me__ _n every quarter, and there 14 good reason voyage of six weeks, dropped out close to the elbow hay- on' the 13th iirsst. in Russell-square, the lady of S. J. CapPers i
who had been ap a or ing a
Pointed bS.P A H . d : ff d. '
ir -. ar!, an t o pay remedy for the grievance. Knowing, curred in Edinburgh, which ended fatally on Saturday for believing that the greatest advantagea will result from ing been embedded almost 35 years in the old ve;era ' ESq" of
a wn.
t l'
n s Gn the 12th inst. in Bryanstone-square, Mrs. Beaumon • .
,
him 3001. a year for dot Y
ng the duty • he, the nephew then, their power, under the existing law, the people morning, after seven hours' illness. There are circum- die arrangeinerite which have been made to meet this arm.-Cltester Courant. of a son
stnnces which I ad
On the 12th inst. in Brunswick-square, the lady of T. David-
e to a suspicion that the present case cao ,ormidahle foe. The medical officers attached to the City
SINGULAR CIRCUMSTANCE.-Last week, son Esq., M.D., of a son. .
of the Noble Lord, receiti '
ing the balance of emeriti- 0 re am may ra q
f I I 1 • r I. utilize themselves with regard
is- traced to Alusselbur h too • but b ' •
g , , e this as it may, our of London Board of Health have given it as their decided
tin the 13th inst. Mrs. E. S. Bailey, of Berners-street, of a i
merit, amouliting to about four times that sum f to the future, the resort to force being conditional on
city ha n b as Mr A '
METCALF keeper to Lord LOWTHER, in Ha- daughter.
doing nothing. 3.1. It has • • ' or
h • fti I- wa• ahead render its
wiih the dry een, we may say, five times inoculated
, opinion, that so long aa the tlightest ventiges of the disease " , .
just been discovered that site an improvement o ie a sease, from one source or anoth r• d
e , an- yet it nas . • . ~
j 1 venstone-dale
h •Indren of the national and ward ..
, was rengine the fields with his gun, he oh- MARRIED.
there is a necessity fur Earl Gre ' l . • •bl The ebject of Sir R. Peel evi- never spread. 'rid.. fact i remain in Lon, orm, tet li served a hawk hovering near him and while preparing to On the 14th inst. at St. James's Church, John Hext Boge9 ,
_ dec.aration re- executoin possi e. e rather contolaeory aa it a me to
Esq. of Wolsdon, Cornwan/
specting the determination of Govyerlinme o f rce denti was to draw from Lord Althorp some expla imply, that the predisposing Cannes clo n,t ? Ir. e'
k n exist i re in RUC,. .
school,. should remain in their respective houses. Their ive it ash fieldf re fl • ' • hit bre
or, a i . win terror against - , , Esq., youngest son of John Boger,
-"''‘', tu Margaret, the only daughter of 3lajor 3lercer, of Argyll'
the law anti vindicate the rights of their C' tisetni:ch in natio which mi h
g t couriteract t e a ove co
h b nsolatory strength as to enable tli 1.
e tsssease to ts e root.-Scotsotan. h - s the present, is in tile hi h gd h
meeting, at sec a tune a. . g est an t en perched on Ins shoulder ; he flied at the hawk ',lace, limover-square.
.. .. ",
Ireland to be withdraien or soph be calculated widel t i .
degree dangerous, and would y i dun- ,vith the first b irrel (while the fieldfare sat still) but , °lathe 14th. inst.attiSt. George's, Hanover-square, mr. 1.. ...
isticatecl. The law de •
claratron. But his Lordship re-etated what he
CHOLERA.-We have received l
a etter from se , oatte the disease; whereas the school-houses, i cialitniffett'i,lussstjMaatrossaweAsltlre,n.
, Sir Baldwin Leighton, of Lotort ,
~ j'ing missed ; the havyk. intent upon his prey, disregarded the
it now appears is not to be enforced, the rights of had said, and, if anythieg, in language still more
Dr. James B. Knoc, of Greenock, containin i I • --' '--- - - • i are me l• I
the Church are not to be vindicated, the tithe clues- explicit :---" I have no hesitation in now stating f .h im on-trice res ectin th t gII ormatiod ,tiry and well ventilate, , !co mar y adapted tor tem. t
soot ; with the second shot he brought the bird down. Park, in the county of Salop,- Bart., to Mary, daughter of T. l'.;•
Parker, Esq. of Sweeney-hall, Salop.
o MLR- p .p g e reatmeot oh cholera/ porary hospitals/ should the exigences of the disease require The fielitare left his shoulder, and fluttered for a short m G •'e
On the 12th mst. at St. Anne's church, r. eorge Graci
tion is to be eetiled in the midst and by the aid ' • . .
of again, that I think, if extraordinary powers are to but which we are unable, foil's want of time t •
, o Insert alditional accom.
modation.- Times.
time round its fallen and dead enemy, uttering a chirp ot to sirs. Richard ',ores, of Marylebone-street, Regent's-quadrant.
murder and fire. What Earl Grey said was entirel b il i f r P 1 f hI w : ' D 1) K 1 •
y eca et er .rom at lament to en orce t e a-, al to-day s ..iper. r. tax manitains, that all cur sef
joy, and then wingiog away frotn its friend and unex- DnED. _
it teerns, misnodersto°d, although neither the Noble ihe resistance to which has taken place inconsequence s d• •.h 1 re preceded by an attack of •
pasmo u.., t o era it
CutTIMOII PASSENGERS EXTRAORDINARY BY THE
On the 13th inst. at Yates Court, Kent, the Hon. Frances
Earl nor any of his friemis or collea ues hou h
g t gtof (f a e ts It h .r . i •
grievance, we are equally bound to propose a diarrheee, which ptonaga-es i- e-I nnectien in the sun, RAIL.RoAn.-Part of Mr. Woman-Ear's collection of P
penned rotector.- Westmoreland Gazette.
Elizabeth Byng, daughter of the late and s,ster of the prese t
0 \
A ini•tration was thr at il
Saying 30 until the - dm. - e roe- remedy for that grievance in unison with the appli- way as after asphyxia is develoPed, and as the pretrionitort beasts and birds, consisting of six waggons, containing, six TIIE WIFE OF BISHOP, THE LATE BURK- Viscount Torrington.
On the 13th inst. at Dyrham Rectory, near Bath (the rest- ,
with desertion by its Irish friends, and al. cation for those ext, aordinary powera." Mr. stage of t-e disease is perfestl ithin th
ythl e Power of nae- royal tigers and a pair of black tigers, leopard aud ITE.-On Sunday afternoon the. wife of the notoriou, dence of his son, Dr. W. Sartpij=),,S.ior..t.k7rAe_Alier,ero3.ohle, 4
tho gh twenty persons may easily be found Stanley, who hail heard the statement of Lord ilicinal controul, he maintain
venteatrly and proper treat- leopardess, two pair of ichneumons, a pair of yackalls, one Blume, the Burkite, while passing alone, the Mile-end Robinson, B.:71-4ta, 'wry ye Jit to i " Lan inu'a "1' !
who will swear to the perfect accuracy of Althorp, said, "He was reddy to declare hims; ,
* af t old in all cases, pre
men ,la 0 , he stage of conaps •
' pair of h • .. r •
'mire, eccrions gal four sanguins and up- road, was recogni e ,
•n, il and in a few minutes she was sur PanY, In ills • . 3 '. J. Tem 1
On the oth inst. the Res p er, of Lindridge-hous
'e,
every ey liable ascribed to the Noble Ear). that the Government would not have come down to .nstance baffl s human id
which in almost every i aa. I
• lis
yards ' •' " rounded by a mob of several hundred men, women, and De
of twenty birds of various descriptions, a lion and , • yonshire, aged SI ; and on. the 12th inst., at the same place,
aged 74, Anne de la Pole, relict ot the late Sir John de la Pole,
.
s commenced pelting the wretched c
form Bill the Parliament to ask for a • rted w„
to, certificates from twent -t '
intone are suppo 7 y .
•hildren. Tine bov
~ . hth tr county of Devon, a d l t fth
Bart., of S ue- o se, In on y sis er o
4th. In the Committee on the It.e coercive measure unless they °P . lioness ; besides two dwelling-houses, one of them contain- woman with mud, and she would no doubt have been seri•
medical lemen of great skill, and exteasive experience
above.
hlCh t hreatens to felt at the same time that they gen
Ilth ult. at Albany, on hia journey from New York t°
Ministers pass over every clause w were able to promise
be- On the
lo the treatment of this formidable disease; Ana mrom Mg three bed-rooms and a dining-rootn ; two horses, and own), maltreated, had not Air. DREW, the inspector .
a Oft!! be relief.-(Ceers.)" However, Lord Al on eal, John Cral, Esq., Deputy-Assistant CommissarY"
occasion debate, for no other purpose th t thorp DOC these authoritative opinions, and Dr..Ktsx's praminnai a numerous band of music, &c., paaaed up the tunnel he- longing to the K division of police, come up to her as 1-4,-etrre.
1 of tile only declared that there ought to be a remedy f ,
imagined than to delude that small port.ior
or skill and experience, we infer, that his "discovery," if it tween twelve end one o'clock at noon yesterday. They distance, and rainoved her to the station-house, where ii - _ _ _ ,
_
ma - the grievance, but that the remedy should b Dr
.. s.
i re
people who continue to take any interest in. the t
ee- o- I may be so called, ls entitled to a respectful degree of atten. would perform their journey of thirty miles in about two was found necessary to detain her for several hours, until PRINTED AND PUBLISURD BY Mlntt D 0 YOUNG, A .
! h the a li i
ter with the show of a delusive and fallacious pro. posed in unison via pp eat on for extraordi- I tioa from the facultv......,Scoistnan. bourn. -Livernoel Times. tit,. 1,-.1.-.1, I, ~1 ontirehr dienargavrt St,x rivirtry 110 C......, T .....r..-...,

Since our last, one case of cholera has oc-
curred in Elinhuigh, which ended fatally on Saturday
morning, after seven hours' illness. There are circum-
stale,* which lead to a suspicion that the present case ca'
be traced to Musselburgh too ; but, be this as it may, our
city has now been, we may say, five times inoculated
with the disease, from one source or another, and yet it has
never .pread. This fact is rather consolatory, as it seems to
imply, that the predisposing causes du not exist here in sue,
strength as to enable the disease to take root.—Scotsnian.
CHOLERA.—We have received a letter from
Dr. James B. KIRK, of Greenock, containing information
of much importance respecting the treatment or cholera,
but which we are unable, from want of time, to insert
'in to-day's Paper. Dr. KIRK manitains, that all easr s
of
spasmodic cholera are preceded by an attack of common
diarrhoea, which p,„pitg.,tes itself by infection in the same
way as after asphyxia is developed, and as the premonitory
stage of t e disease is perfectly within the power uf [me-
dicinal he maintains that early and proper treat-
ment, viould, in all cases, prevent the sage of collapse.
which in almost every instance traffi s human aid. His
by certificates from twenty-two,
opinions are supported
medical gen lemen of great skill, and extensive experience
in the treatment of this formidable disease; and from
and Dr./Clax's professional
these authoritative opinions,
skill and experience, we infer, that his cc discovery," if it
rosy be so called, is entitled to a respectful degree of atten-
tion from the faculty......Sroteman.

PASSENGERS EXTRAORDINARY BY THE
RAIL-ROAD.-Part
RoA D.-Part of Mr. WomswELL's collection of
beasts and birds, consisting of six wagg.ns, containing six
royal tigers and a pair of black tigers, leopard and
leopardess, two pair of ichneumons, a pair of jackal's, one
pair of hyaena, raccHons, &e., four sanguins, and up-
'yards of twenty birds of various descriptions, a lion and
lioness ; besides two dwelling-houses, one of them contain-
ing three bed-rooms and a dining-room ; two horses, and
a numerous band of music, &c., passed up the tunnel he.
tween twelve and one o'clock at noon yesterday. TLey
would perform their journey of thirty miles in about two
hourl.—Liverpool Times.

TIIE WIFE OF BISHOP, THE LATE BURK-
ITE.-On Sunday afternoon the wife of the notoriou,
BISHOP, the Burkite, while passing along the Mile-end
road, was recognised, and in a few minutes she Was sur
rounded by a mob of several hundred men, women, and
children. The boys commenced pelting the wretched
woman with mud, and she would no doubt have been seri.
ously maltreated, had not Mr. DxEw, the inspector be-
longing to the K division of police, come up to her as
sistance, and rrinoved her to the station-house, where ii
was found necessary to detain her for several hours, until
the mob had entirely dispersed.

PRINTED AND PUBLISHED BY M L ttDO YOUNG, Al' TO
SUN OFFICE, 112, STRAND, LONDON.
