SPAAISII P4PER.S

pEOPLE OF f341..L1C1A,
` Seeitig you fall into the power of the enemy
without any resistance ; on contemplating your na=
yid einporium, the pride of our coasts, 'occupied by
the French, and this leading and powerful province
from sea to iea subjea to a foreign yoke, indigna-
tion and grief Wrung front your native: country
groans of malediction and anger, as from a mother
who complains to heaven and earth of the deerada-
tion of a daughter, in whose purity and virtue ajle

was wont to glory.
" Sinistrous events then followed in, drapid suc-
cession, as fortunate' occurrences did before. The
battles of Aspinosa, Burgos, and. Tudela were fol-
lo'ved by the action of Somosierra, the • capture of
the capital, and thp defeat near IJeles. The ruin
of Saragossa, the affair of Walla, and the battle at
Medellin .succeeded; big, if in these Memorable
aelions fortune forsook us, at . least the public
opinion was not lost. The worideiful resistance
of the capital of Arragon, the perseverance and
gallantry with which onrb Catalonian army, not-
withstanding its inferiority in number,"smaintained
an action for eleven hours, broke the enemy.'s cen-
tre, and thus fought its way into Tarragok ;' the
sanguinary conflict of Nleddim, 'in which the
French soldiers were struck with astonishment,
on witnessing the intrepidity and boldness of '
our troops, whom they despised at the bottom
of their heart, evinced that Spain, although
deeply afflided by those disasters, did not lose •her
confidence. Her warriors pursued the
_path_ of
glory, and were every day acquiring additional
rights and additional means to obtain victory. But
Gallicia—qallicid 'entered without resistance, de-
molished without opposition, and sinking into slavery
without a groan ; Gallicia disconcerted all the cal-
culations of prudence, and gave the death--blqw to
the State, by destroying all•its hopes.
Who would have supposed on that unfortu7
nate night, that the first dawn pf happiness would
burst forth upon our country from Gallicia r Gal-
licians—weak as you appeared in your fall, an hun-
dred times more great and 'glorious were. you in
your•resurrection ! Despair itself, magnanimous Gal-
licians, braced your arms to a degree of strength of
which you were at first unconscious; and the enemy
was soon able to perceive, that loyalty and patriot 7
ism were rekindling the flame of war in a province
which apparently was perfeetly tranquil.
" The shouts of independence and revenge began
to be beard- on every road, in every village and
town *; rage supplied arms, 'and -with him who had
not a sabre to brandish, or a firelock to charge, the.
peaceful scythe and sickle became implements of
war and death. Individuals, in a state of ex-

creme agitation, were searchiug each other, coml.
panics were colleeling, corps forming; the con-
.
querors, fearful in their turn of the vanquish-
ed, retired to their strong holds. Thither they
were pursued ; there they were assailed and routed.
Vigo surrendered, with its oppressors ; and 'Gallicia,
sending them in chains ti) the opposite sea coast,
chose them to bear witness to the glorious truth,
that the Spanish have not yet entirely forgotten the
art o! conquering and enchaining the French.
".This was the first day which shone propitious

on Spain, after five months of disasters. It was
followed by others, and the very men who at the
first moment of suspense appeared so dejeifted, were
the Arst who prepared the return of viaory which
was afterwards gathered jointly with them by the
warriors who flew to their assistance, in the streets'
of Santiago, in the fields of Estulla and Lugo, and
at the bridge of Si. Payo.

" it was in vain that SouL'r, who, with consider-
able trouble escaped from Our Allies in Oporto, has-
tened to join and reinforce with his deflated division
the weakened NgY. Ohstru4ed in their marches,
interruptedin their communications, and disappoint-
s.
ed in their hopes .of fighting decisive battles, those
arrogant Generals despair of conquering, and purse
and detett a war which wastes them without glory.
Where are pow that assurance, that confidence
with which they told you, that all was tranquil in the
Peninsula, except Corunna and Ferrol ? Where that
vain glory with which in their ambitious views the
coasts of the Cartabriar. and Atlantic Sea resound-
ed. They might devastate and ravage your Coun-
try; but they could not subject and maintain
themselves in it, wearied with contending with phy-
sical forces, which increased every day,
.and with a
moral resistance which had rendered itself invinci-
ble, they at length 11Y from your soil, exhausted,
wretched, dispersed without arms, and without
cloath, and in Castile give a fresh .and striking
proof of the impossibility of imposing a yoke upon
a people, when they are unanimous in their tesis-
once.

" The Spaniards do not yet knew what war is,"
said the infamous traitors to their country, those
who disguised under the marik of foresight their
critninai egotism with these impressions of discou-
ragement; they wished to repress the generous

movenietits of loyalty. Vile' and pusillanimous
men, we now know what war is, and this terrible
lesson is written in our soil by the finger of desi?la«
tion, and graven on our hearts with the poignard of
vengeance. The execrable wretches, whose satel-
lites ye make yourselves, have exceeded in the
atrocities, whatever your perfidious suggestions could
devisG, and cowardly imagination could supply. But
ptoceed to Gallicia if you dare to do so, and leata
to appreciate Spanish velour.

• cc Socwrcs stretched his ialiant arm over the •
burping coals of Parsenna ; his arm was consumed,
without the hero breathing a sigh or asking for
mercy. Such is Spanish patriotism. The blood of
sacrificed viEtirris is still crying up to heaven ; the
smoke of burning houses still rising to the clouds ;
the silence of desolation is still hovering over a
'country formerly-covered .with villages and farms ;
yet ask the families which are wandering through
the woods, whether they will not rather live with
the wild beasts of the fares:, than have any inter-
course with the assassins who sold you; ask them
whether they repent their resolution ; try whether
you discover among them one voice which sides
with you, one vote which exculpates you ;
you are now free, people of Gallicia, and
the country, -in proclaiming your emancipation,
blots out with tears of admiration and affeetion the
painful expressions in which it once complained- of
you. under difficult circumstances.—You are - free,
and owe it to your sublime patriotism, your valour,
and your perseverance; you are free, and Spain,
nay all Burope, congratulates you With additional
satisfaCtion, because your fate seemed truly hopeless.
All good men bless yotir name ; and offering you •
as 4 model to all other provinces, it considers the-
day of your redemption as the forerunner of the sal,
vaiion Of the country.
• But, people of Gallicia, if you wish to preserve
that liberty yon have-obtained by dint of prodigies-
if you wish to sustain the glory which surrounds
you and 'reverberates throughout Spain--rif you wish
to gather the fruits of so many exertions.; perfectly
matured, remain* united, and subordinate to the hut.
thoritieS who are at the head of you.
Bear in mind, all ye who have airy iuguenee
over the • management of the public affairs of this
great province, ye as well who command, as ye
who obey, that iranqpility' and safety are .fotinded
in virtue. By strength and perseverance you have
defeated the enemy ; by union, by loye of order and
justice, you will constitute your happiness and re.!
pair the dreadful evils which the
trench IGvwsioT~ _-
. has inflicted on you. •

Let public tranquility revive with the-empire
of the laws, peace and moderation in all towns and
tillage, union and subordination in the armies,
eternal hatred against _the tyrant. S.uch ought ;9
be your motto.
Royal Palace in Seville, loth July, 18Gg.
" MARTEN D?, GA4AX."

The packet from Malta is stated to have brought
dispatches from Sir JOHN STIY4RT, with accounts of
his operations from his departure from Sicily to the
commencement of July. A considerable part of
Calabria was at that period said to by in the posses-
sion of our troops, who had' beep joined by great
numbers of the inhabitants.

, -
We understand the Committee for managing the
Patriotic Fund have it in contemplation to address
the public on the subieEt of an additional Subscrip-
tion, to enable them to reward those brave fellows
who have been -wounded in the late glorious vi&ory
obtained by. Sir I.‘ WELLESLEY, and to assist the
widows and children of those who have been killed , '
in that brilliant action ; and generally, to continue
to relieve all those of the army and navy who may
suffer during the present contest with our inveterate •
foe. When it is Tee°lle&cd that from the extended
plan of our military operations, we have at this mo-7.
went upwards of 100,000 men on the Continent op-,
posed to an ae.tive enemy, whose forces, in conse-
(pence, of the fatal Austrian Armistice; can now tle
brought against tA, we have no doubt but the hn-
Inanity of the British nation will soon put the Cont.!.
mittee id a situation to aCt with their hitherto.
prompt and judicious liberality towards our gallant
countrymen engaged in defending all that is dear to
Englishmen: '
Too much praise cannot be given to those Gentle-
men composing tlie-Couttnittee, who have now for
more than six years gratuitously attended the distri-
bution of the Patriotic Fund; not only subscribing
most generously themselves, but devoting much of
their valuable time to this Institut:on. It is calcd'
lated that Sir A. WELLESLEY'S Betioo will cruse a de'
nand of at least 60,0001. on the Fund.
Lord Viscount NEVILL, late Captain of the Fal .
con,- has been appointed to the command of his Mii.
jesty's sloop Alwyn, at Plymouth.
Brigadier-General AltCli IBA LD CAMPBELL, w1)o
distinguished himself so much in the battle of Tara-
ve'ra, and who is so 'highly spoken of by Sir A.
WELLEst.Eir in his last dispatches, distinguished •
himself do less in the storming of Seringapatam, and
and on many other Occasions in India.- He is the
uncle of Major COLIN CAMPBELL, one of Sir An:
THUR'S Aids-de-Catnp ; and has, had two sons and ,
two nephews killed in .fighting the battles .of his ,
country. ..
A letter from an Officer belonging to the Staff 0, .
General CUESTA, dated July 29, to a person of dis-
tirtaion in London, states as follows :—" The
FrenCh had frOrn 7 to 8,000 killed and wounded.---
They left the field of battle strewed with muskets''
The English have lost 200 Officers, among whmmq.
are' three deirmis, who were killed. We rare 10_5_
lOVOfficers, and about 1000 men. There is '75
time to say me{-e. The FrenCh have gone towa,“,
Toledo, but intelligence has been sent to VeneVs' -
