LONDON, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 31, lB4O.

MONEY MARKET and CITY NEWS.

(FRIDAY EVENING.)
TIMES.—The intelligence of the settlement of the
French Ministry had the 'effect of giving a firmer tone
to the English Stock Market. Consols opened at 87i
to for the Account, rose to 88 to k, at which they left
off. Some sales, however, were effected in the laver
part of the day, which rendered the aspect of Consols
less firm after the close of busiress.
This was settling-day in the Foreign house, but
there was no particular feature, nor have the fluctua-
tions been important. There was no difficulty in ob-
taining money, although it has been rather in demand
for the last few days. It could be had to-day for
about five per cent. The foreign securities in gene-
ral have been firm, with the exception of the Penin-
sular Stocks, since M. Thiers having been considered
favourable to the holders of these securities, the ap-
pointment of the new French Ministers, which has im-
parted a firmness to other markets, has here caused a
slight depression.

CHRONICLE.—The Bank broke: is said to have
effected a sale of Exchequer Bills yesterday to some
amount, at par, when the price was nominally ss. to 3s.
discount. It is said also that the same party bought
Consols at 87i for money, when the market price was
87; to it. The object in view under this anomalous
transaction was, in both cases, to support the market.
The purchaser of Exchequer Bills gave more than the
value for the article which he bought, and the seller of
ConsolS received more than the market price for:what
he parted with. But this repeated "selling of Ex-
chequers,* on the part of the Bank, to work upon the
currency, leads to the inquiry—where they obtain such
an inexhaustible supply of these securities ? And, not-
withstanding the denial at the last half-yearly meet-
ing of the Directors that they had sold any part of
the " dead weight," we have reason to believe that,
although this may have been true in the abstract, it
was not so in practice. On looking at the evidence
of Mr. Norman, in the Report of the Committee on
banks of issue, we find him saving, in explanation of
the measures adopted by the Bank Parlour in the year
1839 for the reduction of the circulation, that in the
month of August of that year they attempted to make
a sale of a portion of the " dead weight," but as the
offers did not reach the price which they expected,
they then " pledged" a portion, and obtained credit on
it in foreign countries, which they made use of to the
extent of two millions and a half. He also adds that
they borrowed 730,000/. in Exchequer Bills from the
East India Company on the security of the Dead
Weight, a portion of which they made use of." This
evidence shows us one important source from which
the Directors have been obtaining their supplies of Ex-
chequer Bills.
This was settling-day in the Foreign House, but
owing to the absence of speculation of late in the
foreign securities, the differences to be paid were un-
usually small, and money was to be had on easy terms,
the rate of continuation not being more than 5 to 6
per cent.

The money to pay a promised half-year's dividend on
the Chilian loan is really, we believe, in London.
Senor Rosales has actually been employed on the sub-
ject in London, making the required arrangements, and
at the meeting of the committee this was communi-
cated, we believe, by the Chairman. The payment is
to be a half-year's dividend, out of twenty-eight such
half-yearly payments past due ; and it is to be made
at the rate of 6 per cent, upon the original bonds,
in terms of the loan raised in 1822, at 76, by the
house of Messrs. Hullett, Brothers, and Co. No
arrangement, we believe, has been yet effected as
to the payment of the arrears of interest ; but as
regards the future dividends, Senor Rosales has
stated that his Government is inspired with " ar-
dour" to remit them regularly as they fall due.
The position of the bondholders is thus so far improved,
and we trust they will act with firmness, so as to make
it still better. The whole revenues of the State of
Chili are pledged to them for payment of the loan, and
they have it in their power, therefore, to exact full pay-
ment. Lord Palmerston has clearly laid down the
principle that the revenues so pledged cannot be applied
to other purposes than what the contract bears without
defrauding the bondholders, and that it is only the sur-
plus revenues which may exist, after payment of the in-
terest on the foreign debt, that the Chilian Government
can honestly or legally apply to their own purposes. If
they want money for their own uses they must raise it
by taxation. is would be weak ciiii-difetlittlicv-part uF
the bondholders, therefore, if they did not adhere strictly
to the terms of the contract, and take care that the
revenues of Chili are appropriated accordingly.
This arrangement, wo are sure, will afford general
approbation to those interested, and we trust that no
obstacle will be allowed to stand in the way of its suc-
cess. The state of Venezuela, it seems, has expressed
surprise that its agents here had not concluded an ar-
rangement with the bondholders. We do not under-
stand, however, that they have accepted the last offers of
compromise made by the Committee. If this assump-
tion be correct, it becomes a grave question fOr conside-
ration whether the bondholders ought not to avail them-
selves of the locus venilentite, and repudiate their offer.
The revenues of Venezuela are increasing with great
rapidity, and the resources of the country showing pro-
gressive capaLilities. The terms which the Committee
signified their readiness to accept were by many looked
upon at the -ime as being objectionable for their liberal-
ity ; and under the favourable change of circumstances
which has taken place in the means of their debtor, it
seems doubtful whether the Committee ought not to
raise their demands. But the matter must soon be laid
before the Committee officially, and will no doubt
be followed up by a general meeting, who will dispose of
it in the manner most conducive to the common interests
of the bondholders.

HERALD.—An improvement in the funds may be
again noted to-day, the cause of which is referred to
the accounts from Paris of the final formation of a
Soult-Guizot Ministry, and its favourable acceptation
so far as indicated by the advancing prices on the Paris
Bourse. In effect it may be noted that some large and
bold speculations for the rise have been latterly carry-
ing on by two leading capitalists, one of them a well-
known Jew broker there, but not, as might be imagined
otherwise, one of the great concern so much better
known both here and e:sewhere. By the more cau-
tious and better informed persons in Paris it is not
helloed that the new Ministry has any character of
permanence about it, but that it will serve to perplex
and increase the difficulties of the moment rather than
otherwise. Although at present, and until the meeting
of the Chamber of Deputies, a certain outward calm
may appear to prevail, there can be no question that
this is fallacious and in appearance only, for the war and
republican faction, it may be taken for granted, will use
every effort to excite the public mind against any pacific
tendencies of the King and Cabinet, and unfortunately
the people are too much predisposed for any extremity
or excess of violence. A private letter received in the
City to-day from a party who all along has taken ex-
ceedingly correct views of the state of affairs, as so far
borne out by results, reiterates a strong conviction that
the present crisis will eventually terminate in the " ab-
oieation" of the King, if not in a general war.
By her Majesty's brig Racehorse ad vices have reached
from Rio Janeiro to the Ist of September. The Ex-
change ruled at 30d. to 300. The Legislature had
authorised a loan to supply the deficit existing in the
Treasury to the extent of 1,200,000/. In the meaa-
time to provide for more pressing exigencies Treasury
bills were to be issued as before bearing interest. As
no papers have yet been received in the usual paces in
the City, nor the usual supply of letters and papers
from Rio at this office, it is not possible with any thing
like an approach to exactitude to form an estimate of
the actual financial state of the country, which appa-
rently however is not in the best order. Considerable
waste of resources must naturally be allowed for as oc-
casioned by the successive insurrections in Bahia, Rio
Grande, and elsewhere, of which that of Rio Grande
remains still unsuppressed.

SU N.—The English Stocks were all buoyant to-day,
in consequency of a temporary relaxation of the money
scarcity, and the favourable intelligence from Paris re-
specting the formation of the Soult-Guizot Alinistry.
Consols touched 87i- to 874 for money, and 88 to
88k for the 26th of next month, or a rise of 4 per cent.
on yesterday's prices. The market closed with a good
appearance. Exchequer Bills were done 33. to Is. dis-
count, and India Bonds at 14s. to 12s. discount, being
also an improvement for each of about 2s. The New
Three-and-a-Half per Cents. went up to 964 and
971*, and the Reduced Three per Cents. to 86} to 861.
'There has been a great deal of business doing in
the Foreign Market to-day, and prices have generally
ranged higher. The latest of the day were in most
instances the best realised, excepting for Spanish Stock,
which was rather heavy at the close of business. Co-
lombian Bonds brought 231 to 234 ; Mexican, 271 ;
Brazilian, 734 ; Portuguese, New, 324 to 324 ; Spa-
nishlll
increased Russian, l l2 to 111 .
In buoyancy
of our
Actives, 21i to ; I)itch Two-and-a-Half per
Cents.,
own funds, was also beneficially felt, the sales made in
the different Railways,—not very numerous certainly,—
115 e oSth to
seo'i ; Market and
1
having established higher prices. The Great Western
Railway Shares were at 13 to 14 ; the New at 44 to
34, the Fifth at Zit ; the London and Birmingham at
674 to 664 ; the Manchester and Leeds New at 51
and the South Western at 124 to 1] premium. Brigh-
ton Shares were 134. to 13 ; Blackwall ; and New
North Midland 3 discount. British North American

Bank Shares were at 5 discount, and London Joint
Stock Bank at 2-4 premium.
The Foreign Exchanges were heavy again this after-
noon as regards bills on the northern cities, the rate of
Exchange from Hamburgh, not having come over higher
than 13.11, and the price of gold being 426. Here
the rate on Hamburgh was 13.61 to 7 ; on Frankfort
148 to I ; on Amsterdam 12.2 ;on Paris 25.421 to
47} ; and Trieste 10.1 to 'lv .2. It will be seen that
with the exceptions above made, the alterations are not
worth mentioning.

SPIRIT of the PUBLIC JOURNALS,

FIIO3I THE MORNING PAPERS •F THIS DAY.
(From the Times.)
We beg to direct the attention of those among our
readers who take an interest in the affair of Captain
R. A. Reynolds to four doelments relating to a some-
what similar case which occurred during the Peninsular
war in the year 1811. These documents (which are
subjoined to these remarks) are from the pen of that
perfect master of military science, the Duke of Wel-
lington, and will be found in Colonel Gurwood's col-
lection of his despatches and general orders. The
spirit of kindness and consideration for the offend-
ing party which they breathe, and the sound prin-
ciples which they lay down, r• of military discipline
only, but of gentlemanly conduct, will be appreciated
by our readers, and easily applied to the present
case. The note to Major-General Campbell; of the 14th
September, 1811, is especially: tl?brthy of obserVation.
The officer there spoken of h 4 resented, in bffensive
terms, language not pfivats.:l but tyficiagk toed, by
his commanding officer, by which he thought himself
injured. For those offensive expressions he was re-
luctantly, and not -till- he had rejected the Duke's
parental interference, personally soliciting him to
withdraw the objectionable letter, brought to a
Court-Martial, and visited with a suitable punishment.
Military discipline having thus been vindicated in the
person of the subaltern, the Duke proceeds to take the
necessary steps for reconciling the alienated affoctions
even of the individual whom he has found it neces-
sary to publish, b) inviting him to send in his statement
of grievances in the regular manner, requiring the com-
manding officer to write his observations, answer, and
defence of himself, upon each injury stated, and re-
serving the consideration of any proceedings which it
may afterwards become necessary to take. " We have
no chance," he says emphatically to the commanding
officer, " except we proceed regularly ; and you may
depend upon it, that at last he" (the disaffected party)
" will be brought to act as he ought." What was
once said of a Learned Prelate may be repeated with
not less truth of the Duke of Wellington—" the very
dust of his writings is gold." Here is a lesson which all
persons intrusted with military power, not excepting
Commanders-in-Chief, may profitably learn ; the highest
military authority has laid it down, that the only way to
remedy disunion between a subaltern and his superior is
by giving a regular and impartial hearing to each party in
his turn. If Lord Hill has not done this in the recent
instance of the complaints against Lord Cardigan, it
can only be because the evident justice of those com-
plaints has enabled him to assume their truth even
without the process of formal investigation, and virtually
to act as he would have acted had they been investi-
gated and proved.

—th Regiment.
" Cosmiro, 18th Aug. 1811.
" Major-General Campbell has informed me that he
had placed you in arrest, on charges, copies of which
will be transmitted to you in the usual course by the
Adjutant-General, and he has communicated to me a
correspondence which has passed, upon which he has
founded these charges. lam very desirous, if possible,
to prevent these charges coming under the consideration
of a general Court-martial ; and as it appears to me that
you have not considered the subject in its true light, I
trouble you with this letter ; and I send it direct to
yourself, because your commanding officer is the other
party in the question, and I am desirous to avoid influ-
encing the final decision by a Court-martial by any
opinion of mine, in case I should not succeed in convinc-
ing you that you have taken a mistaken view of your case.
" It appears that you imagine that you have reason
to complain of an order issued by your commanding-
officer, Major-Geaeral Campbell, and you have remon-
strated upon this order. I put out of the question for
the present, the consideration of the justice or the in-
justice of this order ; or whether you had ground,
or otherwise, to remonstrate, as bearing in no man-
rigr upon the case. It is obvious that if you address
must make
use of respectful terms, and must avoid the use of
those which are offensive. Tnis necessity exists in
the common intercourse of life, in which nothing
offensive is tolerated, either by the rules of society or
by the law ; much less is anything offensive allowed in
tLe intercourse among military men, particularly in the
communications of an officer, of whatever rank, to his
commanding officer. I observe that in your letter of 1
the 9th August, addressed to the Assistant Adjutant-
General, you state that from the papers you transmit-
ted, it must appear that the orders of that day, as ap-
plicable to the regiment and yourself, are totally desti-
tute of foundation ;' that it is proved that it is the re-
verse of what has been stated ; and that, if allowed to
remain on record, it will be a gross injustice to yourself
and the regiment. You sent the letter containing these
expressions, notwithstanding that the Assistant Adju-
tant-General and Major-General Burne had refused to
fs,rward it to the Major-General, because it contained
offensive expressions.
" I believe it will be admitted that the use of such
expressions would not be tolerated in private life ; nay,
the law would protect any individual from them,
whatever
h
tpsahunreepmsesr iio;onrms.officer mightwutieoa leilts wouldst be h
issrucaepili
yisethoru
superior,
unnecessary
eg,es
ereuuorepsu:oesenna,(oirt
of
natfhot afforded
s
oretrmhtd
heeeh for
the
rlulpooeofissued by
u purpose
eei
deoystsesye of
from
uoe such
r
remonstrance ; your legitimate object in that remonstrance
was to show Major-General Campbell that he was mis-
taken, and that his order ought not to have referred to
the —th regiment; you were to effect this object by the
papers which you enclosed ; and to add your comments
upon these papers was not necessary for your purpose:
but when these comments were conveyed in offensive
terms, it would appear that they were added only for
the purpose of offending. On this ground lam (nest
anxious that you should not appear before a general
Court-martial on such a subject. The discussion of it
cannot lead to any good effect, whatever may be the
result ; and if the general Court-martial should view
it in the light which I do, in concurrence with the
opinion of Major-General Burne, and of the Assistant-
Adjutant-General, you will be in a situation in which
I shall be concerned to see any officer of your rank.
whichth e
therefore
have
e t
pl re-consideraeed
it
;the n subject, bl assure
ject, on
t
you that nothing will give me more satisfaction than to
have in prevailing upon you to renal expres-
sions request
succeedediiorcdyiloo iujn' o thing should have provoked you to use
i shouldm
to your commanding officer.
Fuente
Guinaldo, Sept. 1, 1811 11
Ex-
cellency." tENEnan onnEa.
Which sentence has been confirmed by
the
him
whose opinions ought
,0. The CommanderreopfrhtehseenFteodreetsorehgitrnet,,santhdatthaant
have placed himself in the situation in which that officer
officer of the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel
now finds himself, and should have persevered in the
the Commander of thetilf;ootiorocnrecnal es
proper
error which he had committed, notwithstanding that its
nature and the consequences likely to result from his
conductltoe
h‘,,a,
ayse hadewa ernr eae
earnestly
repeatedlyl
y ur
influenceg e d
letters which he had addressed to his conam d•-
an mg-
officer, Major-General Campbell.
"43. If the extreme sensibility to the censure of his
commanding-officer, which was the pretext for the dis-
respectful and offensive conduct. of which Lieut.-Colonel
- has been fowl gully, had been of that good
description which inducrst lose vvho feel it to avoid
censure by attending strictly to their duty—by obeying
with zeal and precision the orders which they receive
—and by upholding
the discipline and subordination of
the army, Lieut.-Col.
_ would haute attended to
the advice he had. reeeccri
thed riskto withdraw his offensive
letters, rather than
incur
of the of receiving a stronger
censure under time sentence
Isr of tl general Court- martial.
,4. Commander (eon,: the Forces hopes, however,
that that sentence will convince the Hon. Lieutenant-
that, whatever may be his feelings,
Colonel - express them he
cannot with impuni-Y to his commanding
officer
in
terms of disrespect and offence, even when he
thinks he has reascntoc °mn Erin of his commanding
and that . lie will recollect that in
officer's conduct ;
future a general Court-martial will enforce the rules of
the service which protect every officer from disrespect
and insult on every occasion, ut most particularly when
in the execution of his duty.b
To Major-General Alexander Campbell.
Puente Guinaldo. Sept. 14, 1811.
" We have no chance with Colonel excepting
weproceed reeularly depend , and you mayA
upon it that
p
brought to act
at last he will be as he ought. He will
give me a ("Teat deal of ti ouble, but that is my misfor-
tune, and I should have much more trouble by depart-
ing from the regular mode pointed out by the regula-
tions. when be sends his statement of injuries to you,
you will of course write your observations, your answer,
and the defence of yourself, on each injury stated, and
forward it to me ; when that paper shall reach me, 1
shall determine what 1 will do."
~ To Major-General Alexander Campbell,
Fuente Guinaldo, 21st Sept., 1811.
" It would undoubtedly be better if language of this
description were never used, and if officers placed in

" To

the situation in which you were on the morning of the
11th of May, could correct neglects and errors likely
to be attended by consequences fatal to the public inte-
rests in language which should not hurt the feelings of
the person to whom it is addressed, and with a manner
divested of vehemence.
" But, unfortunately, there are some of us who can-
not avoid to feel warmly for the success of the operation
of which we have the charge, and to express ourselves
with vehemence, and in language not perfectly correct,
on the mistakes and neglects which are likely to impede
it ; and although I consider every officer responsible for
language of this description, the complaint of the per-
son to whom it is addressed ought to be made imme-
diately, in order that all the circumstances under which
it was used may come fairly before those whose duty it
may be to inquire into the subject ; and that it may be
seen whether there was any and what provocation in
error or neglect for the language used."
(From the Morning Chronicle.)
We continue to be inundated with communications
on the case of the Earl of Cardigan and Captain R. A.
Reynolds. It is impossible to find room for more than
a small portion of them. Many of our correspondents
are somewhat too impatient in complaining as they do
of the backwardness of the friends of Capt. R. A. Rey-
nolds in not turning the public sympathy to account. A
meeting has been announced at the British Coffee-house
for Tuesday next. An affair of such moment ought not
to be too much precipitated. Those who disapprove of
the sentence of the Court-martial, and yet out of a pre-
tended regard for the army would allow Capt. It. A.
Reynolds to be sacrificed, must be prepared to maintain
that the efficiency pf an army is better secured by in-
justice than by justice. The 1-;nri of Cardigan will
never quit the army till he is forced to quit it. Who
but the Earl of Cardigan, after the opinion pronounced
of his conduct by a most respectable Court•martial, ap-
proved of by the Crown, would have again thrust him-
self before the public ? The reprimand to his Lordship,
administered by Lord Hill, is not enough for the ends of
justice. Military discipline must be upheld ; but where
was the regard for military discipline, when an
officer, driven from command for conduct ungentle-
manly in itself, and calculated to destroy discipline, was
placed at the head of a regiment distinguished for its
excellent conduct at home and abroad ? They are the
enemies of discipline who, with broad facts of unfitness
staring them in the face, make experiments on the pa-
tience of brave men beyond the ordinary measure of hu-
man endurance. The public have not interfered too
soon ; and the sympathy with Captain R. A. Reynolds,
by inspiring the Horse Guards with a little more consi-
deration for the army than has hitherto been displayed,
must contribute materially to its efficiency. It is a
libel on brave men, to say that greater regard to justice
will make them less efficient. We will not publish all
that is communicated to us, on tolerably good autho-
rity, respecting many of the officers who composed the
Court-martial ; the disgrace of having published the
dictum appended to the sentence requires no addition.
Among our correspondents this day, is one gentleman
who offers, in case a subscription be entered into, to be
answerable for 50/., and he has supplied us with his ad-
dress. This is one of many decisive proofs of the feel-
ing excited by the sentence against Captain R. A.
Reynolds.

( From the Morning Herald.)
It would be a sad symptom of the decline of public
spirit in this country—of that public spirit which is not
a factious resistance to authority—if the case of Captain
Reynolds, who has been driven from an honourable pro-
fession under circumstances but too well known, did
not excite a feeling of general interest and sympathy.
Public indifference on such a question would argue
public servility, and an extinction of that generous sense
of hatred of oppression, and love of equal justice and
" fair play," hitherto so characteristic of Englishmen.
Of Lord Cardigan's conduct, the accuser and prosecutor
of Captain Reynolds, there may be said to be but one
opinion, with a rare exception or two, everywhere be-
yond the magic circle of the Horse Guards ; and even
there, if we are to judge from the gentle admonition
which his Lordship recently received from head-quarters,
touching his qualites of " temper" and " discretion," as
evinced by him in the command of his regiment, his
reputation does not stand very high. Still, his influ-
ence must continue to be considerable in the " high
places" of the army, or that admonition, which the strong
expression of public opinion evidently extorted, would
not have been worded with the most tender solicitude
to spare, as much as possible, the feelings of a man, who
never seems to have any great consideration for the
feelings of others—a man who can make a bottle of
Moselle poison the harmony or u-wholc regiment, and
who seems to think, according to his reported and un-
contradicted expressions, that an " Indian officer"
should be cautious how he came " betwixt the wind and
his nobility." If Lord Cardigan's conduct be treated
by any journal as a party question, and the Noble and
Gallant Commander of the 11th Hussars be " perre-
cuted," because he is a Tory Peer, the remark is cer-
tainly not applicable to the Mornilsk Herald ; for al-
though the Morning Herald is not a Tory paper any
more than it is a Whig paper, it cannot be accused of
Conservativecommand
e of
Peers.
a regimentprinciples,
Had
n c anyo
becauselB
having any particular predilection for attacking men
rilig
because
nobleman tti'heeyy p
happenosi
to
ducted himself with the sort of bearing and
temper to the officers under him which the Earl
of Cardigan has on so many occasions displayed, we
would have said of him, as wo say of the Lieutenant-
Colonel of Prince Albert's regiment, " He ought to be
relieved from duties, for which, by disposition, habit,
and temper, he is obviously unqualified. The autho-
rities at the Horse Guards cannot too soon repair the
mistake which they made when they restored him to the
command of a regiment. It is time to write the epi-
taph of his military life." But we are told by a Morn-
ing Journal that Lord Hill's reproof, administered
through the Adjutant-General, to Lord Cardigan, is
cquivalent to a recommendation to retire from the
service—to retire voluntarily, before he is compelled to
do so. We cannot read it in that light. To a person
of refined sensibilities it might possibly convey that
meaning, but such a person could not have incurred the
rebuke. On Lord Cardigan's mind it has made, judg-
ing from all appearances, no such impression. To the
titled truant the military schoolmaster has applied
the "rod" so gently, and has wrapped it so carefully
in cotton, that its smart has been scarcely felt, and
sure we are its " discipline" will not long be re-
membered. In the ridiculous and yet melancholy af-
fair of the " black bottle," we blamed Lord Hill for
the part he took in encouraging Lord Cardigan, and
resisting inquiry. Our opinion then was, and it is our
opinion still, that Lord Hill would have acted the part
of a more judicious friend to the officer whose offensive
message originated that quarrel, if be had told him in
private that he had committed himself in a very silly
business, and ought to get out of it in the quietest manner
possible, by some expression of regret to the young of-
ficer who had been so arbitrarily deprived of his liberty,
because he did not bear the accusation of being ad-
dicted to tavern-practices with the callous indifference
of one who deserved it. It is easy for Lord Hill to tell
any or all sufferers by such arbitrary stretches of power
that they ought to "bury the past in oblivion." if they
do, the public certainly will not, for it much con-
cerns the public that examples of slavery and
oppression should not be given to the country
on the pretence of supporting military subordination
Power intemperately exercised—authority indis•
creetly asserted—does more to create insubordination
and subvert military discipline than can be reme-
died by any means short of positively punishing such
intemperance and such indiscretion. Is it not grievous
and lamentable that an officer, to whose character
such high testimony had been borne as was offered in
behalf of Captain R. A. Reynolds in the Court-martial
at Brighten,;should be ruined in his professional prospects
for ever, because he had the misfortune to be in a re-
giment whose commanding officer was deficient is
" temper" and "discretion," as Lord Hill himself ad-
mits, while the " intemperate" and " indiscreet" com-
manding officer still waves his sword aloft in the ple-
nitude of military power, and enjoys his unlaurelled
triumph. But Captain Reynold:, whose character as a
gentleman remains untouched and spotless, has the
public sympathy. We are not of those who depre-
cate the display of that sympathy in some unequi-
vocal and substantial manner—quite the contrary. If
power, either in the army or elsewhere, is so exercised
as to excite the public feeling in favour of those who
arc the sufferers by such exercise of power, the per-
sons
screen w who
ot commitm
mo
st
taabkues
thes
consequences,
o f authority, oor
t thoseis
very w
induced o
easy to say that arbitrary power may be rit
length to do justice to a bruised and trampled victim
if it be not rudely obtruded upon by public opinion.
But we never yet knew arbitrary. power condescend
to retract an error or repair a wrong unless compelled
to it by the strong expression of the public voice. In
the case of Lieutenant-Colonel Bradley, one of the
worst cases of the oppressive exercise of arbitrary
power in the army we have ever heard .of, there
was
of
fubltiche meetingr—orno
topublic
ndsubstcirlieptioiot:s
subscription on
behalfn
Guards, and yet upwards of twenty years' deprivation
Horse
Guar
have not sufficed to mitigate the vindictiveness of power
or redress the wrongs of the victim of injustice. We
are glad that a public meeting has been announced on
behalf of Captain Reynolds, and we are sure if any"
thing can obtain him redress, it will be the expression
of the generous sympathy of his countrymen.
(From the Morning Post.)
The question of the safety of railroad travelling i
has
of late been exciting more than usual attention. It s
worthy of especial notice in regard to this matter, that
the general impression regarding a peculiar risk and
