COURT OF INQUIRY.

in which he urged the same reasons for dtcWri
that the Army should not advance, which he had
before detailed, namely, the want of cavalry and ti
deficiency of artillery horses.

This morning the Cnn-rt resomed its sittings at

the usual hour.

A Letter was read addressed „by Sir Hew DAL-
RV4PLE to Sir CHARLES COTTON, congratulating

A. motion was made in the Court of Chancery, its
Dublin, on Thur,day last, for an attachment against -
an Attorney, for publishing in the Newspapers thd
proceedings of that -Court in reversing the Deorec
of another, as it cast retledions upon some of the
parties, and' introduced matter which was hurtful to
their feelings.
His Loidship said he was proud -to find the, pro-_
ceedings of Courts published, and he wished to see a
great deal more of 'them, as they answered must sa-
lutary purposes., It shewed the people how-to guidd
themselves when similar cases should •occur ; and.
it Judges sae& wrong, the proceedings might .to be
published. He, for his part, wished every Decree.,
he hid, or'woe.ld.makei was in every Newspaper in
the kingdom ; and. that if the PIT'S WAS. to be
gagged, god knows .here it would end.—St.;•=l
language does honour to the. head and. the iicatt of
the Noble and. ..earned Lord..—Motion refused.

him in the result of the battle of Vimiera, and stat.

ing the offer of the French to negotiate.
Sir ARTHUR WELLESLEY read a short statement
to the Court in answer to a Letter sent him by the
President, observing, that it remained with Sir
HARRY BURRARD to give a narrative of the proceed-
ings of the Army up to the morning of the 22d, and
that if he (Sir ARTHUR WELLESLEY) thought it
necessary he would after that narrative had been
read request the indulgence of delivering in a state.
ment respelling any such parts of the narrative that

he might deem it necessary to comment upon.
Sir HARRY .BURRARD then came forward, and
read, somewhat rapidly, a narrative of his proceed-

ings up •to the period 'of Sir How Dki..RYMPLR'4 ;
taking the command. ers, that the two Ladieserelations of. M. TALeor-
- On the :1 th of July, he first - It has been' ereoneously stated in.:sorne of the Pa-
eeceived intimation of its being his Majesty's inters-AND, who have been restored to their coantry by
command
lion to place -him second in of an army Order of our Coierninent, w.ere abbbinpanied 3
-f .u,vou men ;on me 21s; ne received instruction. lipir journor by MreScimw, a King's Mbssetiger'
' • -he fad is, that these Ladies, whilst' in town 1,33
from his Royal Highness the Ccitumander in Chiefo permission to go. wherever they thought proecr, i
mid then learnt that the destination: of the army was and when they set 'out on their return 'to Franca,
Portugal. On the 23d he received his final instruc- whia was on Friday last, they were accompanied by'
.. _. ! re'Russian and French Couriers, who biought, ever
tions from Lord CASTLEREA'GH and lost time in
,he last communications from the Continent. They
,r
going to Portsite'ptitli, and making every necess4rx experienced the most liberal treatment whilst ' they:
, r
preparation for embarkation. On the 31st he sailed remained in this counety. Mr. Scnew lett tows
~
between eight and nine o'clock on Saturday night,
from Portsmouth with the Adjutant General, Quai
- And saileel from Dover on Sunday.
ter Master General, and the Officers of his Statf.—
Wha:ever may be the issue of the present mos! i
His °hie& was t0,,g0 forward in a light vessel to join interesting struggle in Spain, the assistance ‘k hiCh j't
the troops already in Portugal under Sir ARTHUR j h,s received from this country will be eternally ree
corded to our honour. A record of a -very different
WELLESLEY, and on the :16th of August, having .
;kind will for ever disgrace
:the annals of Fralice;aocl
neared Cape Finisterre he went forward in the Bra- :the •:, t
'posterity of the present race of French will loath
zen Sloop. He airited: off Mondego on the the memory of their ancestors, who' could suffet
themselves to be driven by a foreign Usurper, to
18th, and took measures to coMtnimicate with
spread carnage and desolation over an unoffendlng
Sir ARTHUR WELLESLEY. He sailed forward, ;people, in order to reduce them to slavery. If
leaviog instructions at IVondego for Sir JOHN ;Frenchmen were capable of reflection, or were not
'debased by habit, they would revolt with horror
Mootie, and on the Igth Sir ARTHUR WILLESLEY
from so execrable a 'purpose, and turn all their'
came on board and 11%0 , the expediency of the against the ambitious Despot who compels theo t°

carry it into execution.
THE THEATEE.—The Romance of lrenoni,
last night brought forward with the new third
which had been announced at Drury Lane Theatre".
much Play has certainly been uch improved by thr
change, and the efil.6t is more impressive. The r°'''
lowing is a sketch of the New Act. It appears 02"
t
for twenty years a Friar, called, Lodovico, has bee
confined in a subierraneous dungeon, in consequence
of his having threatened to betray the,Friars'
in the adjoining cell Venoni is confined, but i..zir-1°:
vivo has worked an opening through the parry-w'o'lf
and has also discovered in Venoni's dungeon a put`
vate door, but his age prevents Lodovico
in g through it. Venoni, however, succeeds in ferrc'
ing, and escapes. In the mean while the Prior 0.0
ders the Abbess. to draw Josepho from the pr,t,
where she has been confined, while she was rel),;er
ed to be dead : a last attempt is made to induce "41
to yielel.to-ehe Prior's wishes; but Joseplia resist' `er
temptations, is on the point of being restored to 31,e
prison, when in effecting his escape through tof
garden of the Ursulines, Yemeni hears the cries".
his mistress, and rushes to her assistance ; be
however, pursued by the Prior with his accorePlciti:
and the lovers are on the brink of destruction,
Father Michael's timely arrival assures their
and the ruin of their persutors
But though the efred o ecf
the. piece is confidert
ably amended, it may be questioned whether
is right to give such a representation of the clor%
ter of Friars, Abbesses, and Nuns ; for 0000 by
condemn their religious creed, it i' surely c
ritable to lesssen their moral eslitnation, aed it is br
no means probable that such scenes as the Al-it• 10,
has drawn have really taken place. The alteratl:e,
however, was very well received bw the au‘lrs,
and the piece concluded with great applause.'", alit)
H. SIDDONS, who was before so interestiog ir‘eater
play, having more to do, appeared to sti
he piece,
advantage.—BeenToN also ably supported llg'
of the
and Mrs. MUDIE sustained the character
Abbess with judgment and effect.
,so
Of
CATAI.ANI is gone to Bath for the• purrs-,
opening Subscription Concerts at that place, it; —o
she and the Manager of the Opera House site),,t
not conclude the negociation fur her return 'to t"'
Theatre. thc
It is to be hoped that some more reliques fronl, j.e•
pen of the late Mr.Tostbr will be found, as the ric;
already presented to the Public have so [-ouch sterlei
merit. If he had intended that the charaeters or
be supported by the performers in his School •
.0
Authors, he could not have adapted them bettor
their respedive powers.
Some severe restrictions with respect to Ottnr,„
have recently been adopted at Drury-lane Theatr,g,
and even the Proprietors have passed a self-deify ry
ordinance, which almost annihilates their owl r,oe
vilege of granting free-admission. We hope r,
flourishing state of the property has led.to this
rangement.
A m atchf,la roonn etih)
eu nrdoraecdi guineas
on Saturday
Sunbury, which exceeded every thing of the oder
on sporting record. A mean looking policy, `tray
thirteen hands, the properly of -- Biss,
backed for the above sum, to go 12 miles ill tpo
in an hour. Sir T. Wright backed time ag ii' tvtio
poney, and the Rev. Mr. Pope was urPire-',/,3tcl'
with Sir Thomas rode with the poney.riThie i,
t
was lost by two minutes, the poney, I.o°
larger than a fine dog, never once broke•voce,
odds before starting were against the petw" to' d°
The poney is matched again for a round •sol Door'
thirteen miles, either to trot or gallop, i" a°
this week. Welliq to
Died, on Thursday the Ist inst. at jot 0,0
rough, NOrthamptonshire, whilst on 'a ;00'1 duct Yorkshire, after two or three days ihrWs';
loot
the 24th year of her age, FRANCES, S'CC; 11'ter.
tel Or EDWARD MAXWELL, Evi. of Cillchic'

army advancing. Sir ARTHUR c'etailed his reasons
for wishing that the army should advance, and he
(Sir HARRY BURRARD) aware of the great import-
tam: of his decision, zmaturely considered all the
grounds for this opinion which had been advanced
by Sir ARTHUR. The result of his deliberation was
a decision tt►at'the army ought not to advance, but
to hatt and wait the arrival of r_•inforcements.
In coming to this determination, he was decided
by the state of the Army. The want of cavalry,
and the insufficiency of the artillery horses to drag
the Artillery, appeared to him to be insuperable ob-
jedions to advancing, as such a line of condua
could not have been adopted without great haiard.
The French also could retreat upon their covering
poition, without our troops being able to prevent
it. It was--likewise absolutely necessary that our
army should keep up a communication with the
ViCtuallers, there being no resources in the Country
for the supply of the troops. Supposing also that
an army could have reached the defences of the
Tagus, still•it would have been unavailing. Fort
Saint Julien, although of little strength on the
land side, could riot be taken without heavy artil.
lery, nor could the other forts ; and being very
strong on the sea side, Sir C. COTTON might have
been driven Off, as aFtually, happened shortly after-
wards. The French likewise might have thrown up
a held-work, which it would have required time
on the part of onr army to take.
All these considerations induced him to decide
that the army ought to halt, and this determination
met with the approbation of the Officers with him.
Subsequently, learning, on the 21st, that the troops
were engaged at Vimiera, he advanced towards the
field of battle, where he communicated with Sir A.
WELLESLEY, and desired him to finish the work
which he had so well begun. It appeared to him, as far
as he could judge, that the enemy had been reptilsed
at all points. Sir ARTHUR WELLESLY again urged
the expediency of advancing. He was not then
aware that he should be subsequently called upon
to account for every part of his condu&, and he
could not now recollea, precisely, what expressions
lie then used; but the same reasons which before
determined him to dire& that the army should halt,
still operated to induce him to decide that the
army should not advance. The difficulties which
arose from the want of cavalry were rendered evi-
dent by that anion, and the deficiency of artillery
horses still remained.

The road by which the Army must have advanced
was also in many places extremely difficult, and
which in his mind rendered it still more inexpedient
that the army should advance. The points we have
detailed forined pretty nearly the—substance of Sir
HARRY BoßaArn's narrative, which after reading
he delivered to the President.
A Gentleman- who officiated for the Judge Ad-
♦ocate, read- a string of questions which had been
previously sent to Sir H. BURRARD, and the latter

rad his answers, which chiefly tended to the same
points which were dwelt upon in his narritlive, and
