MIS-sTATEMENT.

[Front the Dublin Correspondent of Feb. 24.]
A most respectable London Paper, the Sun,
occasionally flatters us with making extracts from
our columns. We are convinced, if, in its obliging
intentions towards us, it has misapplied our
designations, it is entirely owing to mere inadver-
tence—and it is to this simply that we impute the
loyal and reputable Journal alluded to, having ap-
plied the name of the Dublin Correspondent to a
paragraph which appeared only and belonged al-
together to another Journal, which we hope the
Correspondent cannot be reproached with resem-
bling in any thing, especially in its abject passion
for slandering the people and the Government,
degrading the national character, and exaggerating
the criminal occurrences of the tunes, in the idle
endeavour to convert habitual outrages upon life,
and inroads upon property, continued, with a sad
uniformity, through ages, down to the present day,
into an evidence of incapacity in a particular Ad-
ministration ! We do not perceive that the King
or his Ministers are condemned for the murders
and atrocities which occur in Great Britain—

though, if such were brought into juxta position,
e'," might be trade to appear somewhatit is the practice to do
here, th
tansati
and strung together,
formidable, and terrible withal. We caunot dis-
cover any greater reason for branding the King's
Representative
of the
ithee
and, or his assistants in the
administration
Government, for the out-
r aglreland,
country, which has been
Worse committedpoliced
infi in t
infinitely,
t elly' s,
and where five-sixths of
Screen the malefactor, and
societykeep
his arec
crime
The paragragh misap-
propriated in The Sun is as follows :
" It is again our painful duty to record an additional commis-
sion of
mean crime
his csienbciene our Can his Majesty's Ministers—
we rs—receive any thing like cor-
rect
til ilainsit6. te
information front this country ? Within two days the
d brings accounts of five men
desperately wounded, and four
actuallyp ro vi nci al
murdered i intelligence n, c etbruere e i
houses burned ; and yet the same packet that conveys this
sheet, containing the particulars of these ferocious proceedings,
will no doubt bear a tiovernment dispatch, describing the im-
proved and tranquil state of the country. Something must be
done.—( Dublin Correspondent, Feb. 14.")
The best apology
* we can offer to the
truly respectable Editor of The Dublin Corre-
spondent, for the unintentional error we have
committed, is the insertion of the above article,
in which he at once corrects, and so,handsomely
excuses our mistake.—Fn. SUN.

By an American vessel bound from Buenos
Ayres to Bremen, and which has touched at
Falmouth, letters have been received from Buenos
Ayres to the 9th of December. The province
was then in a state of much agitation on account
of the expected approach of a hostile force of In-
dians from the interior. Trade was nearly at a
stand, and the Government six per cent. stock
had fallen to 40. It appears that the arrival of
the period of Riiadavia's retirement from office is
likely to renew the unfortunate dissensions,
which have been suspended through the vigour
and prudence of his administration ever since his
accession to power. They certainly could not
[MORNING HERALD.] occur at any moment more dangerous to the pro-
On Thursday night Mr. Martin moved for greys of independence in that country.
leave to bring in a Bill to prevent Bear-baiting. COUNTY OF CAVAN ELECTION.—AII unexpect-
'We were not before aware that in this country ed opposition to the election of Mr. MAXWELL
the baiting of bears was going on. We thought (nephew to Lord FARNHAM), has sprung up in
that they were either too valuable or too scarce. the person of a Mr. COOTE, a Gentleman but
As to the baiting of bulls, it would be well to little known in the county. On the day of nomi-
put it down, if it could be accomplished, but if nation (Monday last) it was so contrived that the
it were not allowed in public, it is a question shew of hands was in favour of Mr.COOTE; but it
whether it would not be practised in private, on is understood that he will stand no chance on the
the same principle that price fighting and poll which has been demanded for Mr.MaxWELL.
gambling are. Gentlemen in Parliament should The Rev. WM. MACKENZIE, A. M. Chaplain
be informed that it is much easier to make to the Right Hon. Lady SEAFORTH Baroness
Bills and enact penalties, than to carry Bills MACKENZIE, of Kintail, and also to the High
into effect. Members should know that there land Society of London (Chief his Most Gracious
is the same extortion and insolence on the part MAJESTY the KING), is instituted by the Lord
of hackney coachmen, and the same cheating Bishop of WINCHESTER to the Rectory of Has-
and trickery on the pert of bakers, brewers, comb, in Surrey, and re-instituted by the Lord
gamblers, coalmen, and all other trades or call- Bishop of CHICHESTER to the sine-Cure Rectory
ings—for the regulation, or prevention of which, and Vicarage of Burgish alias Burwash, in the
Bills are in existence, as there would be were County of Sussex, vacant by his own cession.

ON WEST INDIAN COMPARISONS.

A LETTER to LORD BATHURST, Secretary for the
Colonies.

MY LORD-When addressing your Lordship,
in order that your high Ministerial Office might
be the means of attracting the public attention to
the following remarks, may I presume to hope,
that the success which has hitherto invariably
followed the enlightened and judicious policy of
our Gracious Sovereign, may refute the prognos-
tications of the selfish and apparently worldly-
wise ; and that measures which have for their ob-
ject the Morals, the Religion, the Civilization,
and Physical Happiness, of an hitherto degraded,
and half barbarous race of men, will prevent,
instead of hasten, those events, which, if the West
Indians do not foresee as about to occur to them-
selves in their day, they have yet the kindness
to predict for their sons, as the indubitable con-
sequence of an unnatural state of society.
May I caution the public against imbibing the
prejudices which will be naturally excited against
your Lordship, as the Official Organ for expres-
sing the benevolent feelings of his Majesty's Mi-
nisters, the Parliament, and the British public, and
may I presume to hint, as a means for prepa-
ring against such prejudiced clamours, the publi-
cation from time to time as they arrive from the
different Colonies, those documents of the state
and condition of the Slave Population, not only
in a mass of evidence, but such as shall impress
upon the public mind a thorough knowledge of a
subject, even in its minute details, which has hi-

therto been both foreign and distressing to the
thoughts of the country Gentleman, the village
Pastor, and I am proud to add the reading think-
ing religious mechanic.
We already owe to your Lordship the know-

ledge, that 61135. salt fish, worth ld. per lb., with

a pittance of tobacco and rum and the whip, is a
remuneration to a hearty man for 6 days labour
from sun rise to sun set (allowing one hour for
dinner) in the Colony of Demerara ; and that the
only religious instruction the Planters tolerate,
is their version of the Decalogue, " Six days shalt
thou labour and do all that thou hest to do, and
on the seventh cultivate thy Yam Garden."—
Are we yet to learn, that of a population of four
hundred thousand males, four hundred thousand
are thieves; that of three hundred thousand
females, three hundred thousand are prostitutes;
are we yet to learn, from the documents of the
officers, that the paternal feeling is lost in the
prospect of endless slavery for one's offspring ;
that the maternal affections cannot bear up
against labouring daily in the cane-field with
helpless children at the back ? and are such
representations to be read in the English cottage,
i(nththe c
oltrties
rh
whomcabi Burns
n
the Planters to compare the Negro population
with us ! and
dbythe Highland cotter
has described) ? and are
Population—it is idle to employ the
term—we mean by it a People; they mean a
Property. We mean by a Peasant, a man pos-
sessed of rights, of affections, of kindred, home,
with duties .to perform, respected, contented ;
and who would knock down the highest subject
in the kingdom who should dare to offer him a
blow. They mean, a human being, kept in work-
ing condition, driven to his work with a horse-
whip, with no such ties, rights, duty, or respect.
Vassals now is the phrase of the day ; and pray
how are they vassals ? Is there protection on
the one hand, and attachment on the other, as
in feudal times. Do the Lord of the soil, and
the Metaire, divide the crop between them, the
one for the land and seed he provides, the other
for the labour he bestows, as in Piedmont ? or
does the cultivator do a statute labour in lieu of
rent as in Hungary, Poland, &c.
The labouring classes of all nations, Ancient
and Modern, European and Tropical, live, and mast
live, on the verge of subsistence, and will continue
so to live, until the luxuries of life are become by re-
finement in manners, necessaries, so as to compel
them to extra labour for their acquisition ; the
peasantry of the Highlands, and of Ireland, are
no exceptions to this rule : indeed their sufferings
are aggravated through the unequal application
of the Poor Laws to a part, only of the Union,
which raises the price of the necessaries of life
generally, without granting to them particularly,
the requisite relief in times of distress,—yet,
though their food is coarse, and their clothing
scanty, I appeal to all, whether their hearts are
less warm, their spirits less buoyant, whether
there is less family affection, less purity in the
daughters, less manhood and becoming dignity in
the sons.

. Then, why should they he forced into a com-
parison, which to thoSe that know them becomes

a contrast,—a comparison, which they would
treat with indignant contempt, a comparison they
have not, nor ever will deserve.

Your Lordship need not be told, that time
.he greatest of all innovators, is making an im.

portant change in the features of Colonial Policy.
The slave population is now one half, and in

. .
some Islands three-fourths, Creole born, increas-
ing daily in civilization, and intelligence, when
heretofore it consisted of native Africans from

different countries, whom it was cheaper to im-
port, and get the worth out of them, and then
re-supply from the same sources, than to induce
to increase by lenity and indulgence, or even
(as in the Amerian War, when it was calculated
by the Assembly of Jamaica, that 15,000 died of
famine,) protect at great expence, from a mor-
tality incident to want.—Great changes are like-
wise taking place in the neighbouring colonies
of other nations ; then why should your Lord-
ship, arid your Lorship's Colleagues, who are in

. _
trust, not only for the present, but the future well-
being of all his Majesty's subjects, be accused of

giving fanatical, enthusiastic, or unsound counsel,
that now in a time of profound peace, such mo-

difications of the system should be introduced,
as would convert possessions which are a ruinous

charge to the Kingdom in a time of peace, into
a self-defending bulwark in time of war : Posses-

lions, where the happiness of the hundred is no.

thing, and the property of the One is every thing;
where there is hardship in diminishing by enact-
ment the purchased property of one, and no
hardship in haring no property in one's own la-

hour, no property in the affectionate duty of
one's child or wife.

I by no means wish to excite the feelings of
the public against the possessors of such proper'
ty, who are as much the children of circum-
stances as ourselves; indeed, were there the or
tion between free and slave labour, the planters
would perhaps find their account in the former;
as we in Europe find labour by the piece cheaper
than by the day. Many calculate that three slaves
perform but the labour of one European ; these
three slaves, their maintenance, and interest of
money, at.ll/. to 121. per annum each, the ave-
rage expence would cost their master 331. to 361-
which would make the one European's labour
equal to 2s. 2d. or 2s. 4d. per day; when, in ad'
dition, is added the expence of overseers, the
unproductive occupation of the drivers, the di-
minished labour of the females, the charge Of
rearing the children, and the heavy loss of ca-
pital through mortality, added to these, the
want of occupation (on cotton estates particu-
larly), during some periods of the year, and the
misapplication of labour in instances where cat-
tle would be so much more serviceable, these
are sufficient reasons why the East Indian and
Chinese sugar and cotton, the production of fref—
men, should undersel that of our West Incille
Colonists.

In conclusion, I adjure your Lordship to los-.
ter the moral and just tone which the public ►s
adopting respecting this momentous subject, as
the dawn of a sound policy, in the full persuasion
that the calamities which, under Divine provi-
dence, befal nations, are to be ascribed to the
dereliction of national principle. The sycophant
Noblesse of the Court of Lewis XI V. little
thought, when abetting his persecution of his
Protestant subjects, that their grandsons would
be immolated to a godless populace, a populace
rendered atheistical, through the forced conver-
sions, and sham catholicism of their Hugonot
grandsires ; nor can we now calculate the influ..
enee this question may have, or even has, on the
future destinies of our beloved country.
That your Lordship's exertions for the public
weal might be defended from unjust calumnies,
is the earnest wish of

Your Lordship's obedient Servant,
DOULOS.

*** As the subject of the foregoing Letter i$
of the most important nature, and naturally at-
tracts the attention of all Europe, and as the cha-
racter of the West Indian Proprietors has been
attacked with all the rage of Party on the one
hand, and religious fascination on the other, we
hardly need say, that our Paper shall be open to
whatever may be urged in opposition to those
hasty reforms, which, if carried into immediate
operation, would tend to bring to total ruin,
or throw into other hands, some of the most Iry
luable dependencies of the British Empire. It IS
our anxious wish to maintain the honour, the
terest, and the integrity of the Empire, in all
parts, and to guard against the efforts of political
artifice or headlong enthusiasm.

DUEL.—A meeting took place on Tuesday, at
four o'clock, on Merrion-Strand, Dublin, between
Mr. A—K---N and a Mr. when an ex'
change of shots took place without effect, and
the parties were preparing for a second discharge;
but were prevented by the timely interference 01
the parish constable of Merrion, who took Mr-
S-------T and his friend into custody, and brought
them off to College-street Police-office, where
they entered into recognizances to keep the
peace.
