CARLIST PROCLAMATIONS.

ORDER OF THE DAY ADDRESSED BY
CABRERA TO HIS ARMY.
" FELLOW SOLDIERS I—The most premeditated and
frightful treason has just been consummated in the
country which first raised the cry of fidelity for our
lawful Sovereign. It commenced with assassinations,
which filled with grief the hearts 'of the Royalists, and
It finished by selling the noble cause we sustain under
the pretence of a peace which is impracticable. It de-
livers the persons of our august Princes to foreign
slavery, and it also immolates the Royal army, which
covered the country with glory, and was the admiration
of Europe.
" Shame be to the infamous soldier (vii soldado) who
has sold his honour at the price of gold ! Eternal dis-
grace to those who gratify their vanity by titles of Vic-
tory,' by such low and such dishonourable means!
" Navarre and the Basque provinces are reduced by
fallacious promises of the acknowledgment of the fueros.
The day will come when they will weep for their blind
confidence.

" The kingdom of 'Valencia, of Catalonia, all the co-
rona/a of Aragon, can aiso claim the fueros of which
they were deprived by the other war of succession.
" My sword shall not be restored to its scabbard
without having obtained them—without having secured
for my country true happiness, a protecting Govern-
ment, and an honourable peace, and one worthy of the
sons of the Cid and of Pelavo. Such are the un-
changeable sentiments of your 'General, and in their de-
fence he will shed the last drop of his blood. Viva !
Carlos Quint° ! Religion for ever ! Our local privileges
for ever !

(Signed) "Count of M °BELL A.
" Head-quarters of Chulilla, Sept. 12."
The Count d'Espagne in Catalonia has also issued
the annexed proclamation :
" Catalans !—The most infamous of any treason re-
corded by history has just been consummated by tho
apostate of legitimacy. Don Rafael Alaroto, of hateful
memory, after having usurped power, by casting at his
feet the dead bodies of the faithful chiefs whom he had
assassinated, has continued his intrigues by means of
terror, and, yielding to the revolutionists the territory
acquired by loyalty, conceived the perfidious notion of
delivering over to the enemy not only the army under his
orders, but also the sacred person of the King.
The treason advanced at gigantic stridee, and the
infernal policy of the apostate, in concert with
the chief of the enemy, brought to the brink of
the precipice the most holy cause ever defended by
any nation. But Providence, who watches over Cacho-
,.

lie Spain, whose inhabitants shed their blood for their
religion, our beloved King, and his Royal family, has
extended a hand to save our Sovereign and his army
from danger, and rendered the diabolical tricks of the
Masonic clubs useless. The impious revoiutionists
would seduce the credulous by publishing Espartero's
bulletins of pretended successes, and that a vital blow
has been given to our cause. Providence has, however,
saved our brave battalions who had followed a General
who bas shown himself in the face of Europe to be
without honour, probity, conscience, patriotism, gra-
titude, and without one even of those sentiments which
are found in the most debased souls.
" A despatch of General Harispe, dated Bayonne,
the 31st of August, announces that iloroto, after hav-
ing perpetrated his treason, remained with the enemy.
Catalans! your bravery has been hitherto admirable.
You will not retrogade. Believe not their impostures.
Shut your ears to their promises of union, of fraternity,
which they make ever by foreign missal' The
Royal Junta of the Principality will have neither
Peace, nor convention, nor compromise with the ene-
mies of God and our King. The motto of our Junta
18, the restoration of our religious and monarchical
Principles, the legitimate rights of our King to the
throne of his ancestors, and the mutual and indivi-
dual rights to result from a solid peace. Such are
the great objects demanded by our Sovereign, whose
free-will will be the guide of of the Junta, and to which
all true Spaniards must submit to obtain these precious
ends. Do not fear, brave Catalans ! The enemy knows
that it cannot sustain itself by ordinary means, and hence
it has recourse to intrigue, perfidy, and treason, which
are the vile instruments of the cowardly and desperate.
The constancy which characterises us will crown our
efforts, and God will bless them in granting to us the
most glorious and decisive triumph.
" Comte D'ESPAGNE, President ; JACINTO DE
ORTEU, Vice-President ; GASPAIt DIAZ
DE LABANDERO, BARTOLOME TORROBA-
DELLA, NARCISO FERRER, YGNACIO AN-
DREU 'I SAN, MATEOSAUPONS, MANUEL
MILLA, JOSE YGNACIO DALMAN, SAL-
VADOR VILLELLA.
" Avia, Sept. 10, 1839."
