IRISH SEDITIOUS.NIEETINGS 13ILL

On the House proceeding to the 3d rea,iing of
this

Sir S. ROMILLY said, his objections to the mea-
sure had not been removed: Though he object-
et! to this measure he hail no r!oubt that great out-
rages had been committed in Ir.eland, nod was tree
to own thc state of that country caNed•so urgCllt-
ly for their attention, that he thought the:l-lou';e
ought, however inconvenient it might be to pro-
long their sittings, to take it into consideation.,

eeu Mr. PEELS measure had iJ to
nounced when he" brought forward a former Iii!!.
He'liad on that occasion read a paper contai,in;..:
an oath Which had been taken in the disturbed
counties, by which persons had beep sworn to he
true to Buonaparte. 'On that paper six coneic.;
tions had taken place in the county of Westmeath.
The overthrow of Buonaparte in March last had
induced him to pause for a time, in the hope that
his fall would
.ptu an'end to the absurd SpecuNk-
tions which. these deluded persons had founded on
him. He had thought it his'duty to wait till new
proof were given, that such a spirit .of dkariection
was still in existence. This obtained, b.e-had felt
himself hound to originate the present Bill. Pt
was a measure called for by the people of Ireland.
with whom it originated, rather than with the
Executive Government. It was not made a party
question, for he hail received a docurieat_ from
Tipperary in favour of it, signed by 0 persons,
among whom were 1$ Magistrates, and the bro-
ther Of the Representative of the county (Lord
Landaff), was the first on the list.

me. J. P. GRANT 'admitted this was no party
measure.; hut contended it ought not to_be fram-
eit on the representations of the inhabitants of the

,Apri=rk-t4.1-__Z>o-P"'

elisturbed districts. They; tboagh as Avitness-!=,
i!lititled to 'eVer'v fr:tei!tif),.; ae.e to-4 it'nuch under
the in*iteifee 'of *the el.';Wiitstanco tli'e'rnselves
-,abk forM a con' i',..,A.tginent nit the sOject. lie
Lmented that a tc't.ereilent for slidh a measure had
been vs:tablishet4 180 T, but contended that the
rit Ilion of ii•elaud 'then W7lf3 very different from
'-ivhat it no‘vo'' ,At that ,time the venerable
thampion'for the libertiesonreland, ivho had 60
great:y- klistingaished himseif in :her- caase,'had
3-1 id fttiiig then in oppo.ition to •-111).nisters) that
,tas well informed th tt '.dayk and datlgerOn,;
tvreetin -i-ere held; which had for 'Their object
the. ori4-tniziltion of a French force in Irtland,
tIHs eowitry being at that tints engaged in a War
'With C.

e.4l;!' Fkl!: gave the Bill his stipPort, ant!
' tholit it iii;;lliAr that Gentlenten in that House
sliouLt know so. much better than the people_ of
Irei,smi-what slips were necessary to be taken in
1114 preseot situ:ll.4m of that conntry,
. Sir S. RomILLY ,and Mr. J:P. Ga'ANt severally
• eNtLiained.
Mr. BaRING thought it inpossible to doubt that
so.li-e such Meassure was necessary, hot thought,
stiliject 0117....1it to have been looked 4 deeper into
ti:an 'A-an-been thou lit neecoary .by the framet's of
•fiz.? Bill• ivi,bed• the sohject to be further
considered ; but was olopioi.n, when the people
ot any country were- in that stee in which the
Irish were'' at present, they' lutist be 'gradually
Itronglat back peaceaide habits, before- they
ermat enit,V Coe blessings of a constitution •like
that of England. •
. Air, WI LB FOR CO compared the political to the
flatland body ; if its habits ‘vere'had, gentle menus
shotthl be taken to improve it ; if it became sa6-
rut to•paroxysms, -these must be snupressed, and
it would be arsiog the •p!..ysieian hardiy, to say of
hinrth:it be was inattentive to the general state of
thi• 'oat irsit, because be applied hinisell to remove
the temporary and local evil in:the first instance.
He defended the course taken by the itirlat Hon.
Gentleman, iii keeping the measure bar{ till it
w is seen whether the late events in France would
pr rioce,any important change in Ireland.
asr ioln,icted it was proved that some-
ongfit to be Moue, but coot endeilthat Trial
by Jury onglit not to- hr suspended in Ireland till
every other means Of redressing the evil hail becil
[vii .
•

AI`TORNEY=GENERAL.I.I this measure was
spoken of as if it were one to enact that Trial by
Jt;t y should hencelot:th be univel sally discontr-
ritsed in Ireland. surprist.d to,be4r the
List speakei, Who had long heen a distinguished-
iThigisirate in England, use the langu e-e he had.
uttered'. Tin. present BM; except in one instance,
where it atithoriNefl ',A-an:spoliation for certain of-
fenc'es, without Trial by Jury, enabled the Mi-
gistrates' to do little more than the Han. Gentle-
man, himself had Juatty times done during the
Quarter Sessions; where arts, ot: vagraney, were.
proved to have been committed, without 'Fria.l by
Jd►v.

AA(',. a remark from Mr. P."MoonF. and Mr.
Bi7TERWORTLI, the clause wa§ agreed to, 'and the
Massed

Tit...-ol•powder. Removal Bill was read a second time, and
or-GI ed. r . committed to-in-rprro,.

Mr. i I,BEitf OaCE• presented a Petiti-ou agaipet the
Siavt. Trade; signea by 27,000 inhabitanth.of Westaiitotei.

SLANT T,IADE. •
111 r. Pr.Tsit imuirecl whether, afte►• all
hi •t..(ertimi. hi the cause of humanity, his

Lad fort,neil any loan to abolish slavery
?

Mr. Wtt,Brti•oncs ‘c•iKhed his Ifon.- Friend
'woul(i mtg. anv exnezliew he might have in
view, and lie Iv(w;:i i)f- hippy Esten to h:s pro-
ds. snlject 11:1:1 oce;tpled ~his

•
and he kid not introduced it into the;

k. because lie feared tn:s x.vas nut a t'Avo)n•-
