Made to us ? and cheers.) Do you expect that we
sheuld stand meeklyy,
and
speak
ofer roasisF aivoice in vindicationtto
of ourselves, whenmen be
kh!mmisunderstood, as if we were a body of Ibneinagnsguthaag:conuold with
ptinity be trampled upon ?—( Cheers.) The Hon. Baronet
W/snows it is otherwise. Ile has fought too long in our ranks
into know our spirit and determination. He has known us
many a victory before—may he live to see us achieve many
hereafter. Ireland had the advance of England upon the
question of Church-rates. The abolition of that obnoxious
Impost in Ireland had been extorted from the Noble Lord
(Lord Stanley) some years ago. On that occasion the Dis-
senters of England stood boldly and resolutely forward to
maintain the cause of Ireland; and they, the representatives
of Ireland, were now ready to give to the English Dissenters
all the aid in their power, in return for the good service they
had performed for Ireland. Personal interest in the question
then before the House they (the Irish Members) had none.
But they had more gratitude than the Hon. Baronet ascribed
to them ; and, acting upon that feeling of gratitude, he for
ene would not omit an opportunity to strike at every link of
the chain which marked and degraded the Dissenters, but
could no longer bind them.—( Cheers.) Church-rates having
been abolished in Ireland, it was only just and fair that the
!ante principle should be applied to England : that which re-
leased the Roman Catholics of Ireland from the payment of
an odious tax ought also to be applied to release the Dis-
senters of England. What was the policy upon which
Church-rates were abolished in Ireland ? They were abo-
lished in that country because millions of the people de-
Manded their abolition.—(Hear, hear, hear.) Thousands
upon thousands demanded their abolition in England, and if
theit were found expedient to yield to the wishes of the people
reland, upon what principle of fairness or justice could
.. wishes of so large a portion of the people of England be
armed? He would maintain the Churches, the sacred edifices
ported to by the majority of the people in England, in all
the nobleness and loftiness that became their sacred purposes,
but he would do it out of some other fund than that wrung out
of the reluctant hands of those who held no communion, with
the Establishment.—( Cheers')
Sir ROBERT INGL IS was for some time inaudible, in
consequence of the rush of Members who rose to leave the
House. When we first heard him lie was alluding to the
personal remarks which Mr. Shiel had nitde upon the con-
dhad uct of Sir Francis Burdett. That Hon. Baronet, he said,
recently been subjected to a trial, and by that trial
had bee, honourably acquitted ; and had it not been for that
trial and that honourable acquittal, he believed the House
Would not have been indulged with the speech of the Hon.
and Learned Member for Tipperary (Mr. Shiel)—(Laughter
and cheers.) For, with the exception of the last five minutes of
his speech, not one word had the Hon. and Learned Gentleman
said which had reference to the .question before the House.
All his observations had been confined to tht; conduct of the
Non. Baronet the Member for Westminster.—( Hear, hear.)
he
(Sir Robert Inglis) would not interrupt the progress of
tee debate by answering or attempting to answer the question
thwhich the lion. and Learned Gentleman had put to them, al-
ough he could well conceive, how strong and convincing an
answer might be given by some gentlemen in the House when
te Hon. and Learned Gentleman asked what the change of
Political affairs had been since the year 1834, which could
warrant the alleged change in the views and conduct. of tbe
Honourable Baronet the Member for Westminster.--( Hear,
hear.) That answer, however, he would leave for others to
sole give at another period of the debate. At that moment his
endeavour would be to confine himself to the question
telmediately at issue.—( Hear.) Every Gentleman who had pre-
ccded'bim in the debate had considered the question merely
i this point of view whether a sum, not apparently a large
one, should be taken from certain sums at present exclusively
441 jeable to the purposes of the Church. He confessed that
he considered it as a much more vital question than one of
Mere pounds, shillings, and pence; and he was content to look
the state of the public mind upon it. Ile believed that there
never was a question upon which the public opinion had been
expressed so disinterestedly, so explicitly, and so fully, as on
this question of Church-rates.—( Hear.) He hardly knew any
question, not even that of the abolition of negro slavery in the
West Indies, upon which so many petitions had been presented
to the House ' • and he was perfectly certain that no occasion had
ever occurred when the prayer of so many petitions had been to
(Hcontinue, not to abolish, the payment of any particular impost.--
tear.) The Hon. Baronet continued to address the House,
ot the noise was so incessant, that it was scarcely possible
collect the substance of a single sentence lie uttered. We
Eunderstood him to argue that the petitions of the people of
ngland in opposition to the ministerial measure were
founded in an apprehension that it would tend to destroy
tho church. The petitions from the dissenters of Scotland
;
favour of the ministerial plan were evidently grounded on
the belief that a successful attack on the Church of England
Would ultimately lead to the overthrow of the established
—"ref' in Scotland, while those who petitioned against
that plan were equally convinced that the defence of the
oChChurch of England was essential to the maintenance of the
urch of Scotland. He had heard it stated, not only from
°Pponents, but from some of his friends, that the present
system of Church-rates must be given up because of the
Very strong feeling that prevailed throughout the country
Very them. All that lie could say was, that he never
Would admit that resistance to the law was a sufficient
ground for its repeal. He would never consent to the
proposition that turbulence and almost rebellion was a fair
ground for the Legislature to adopt a measure which it
otherwise would not enact. The Chancellor of the Exche-
quer and the Noble Lord at the head of his Majesty's Govern-
thltlent had stated that they would not do any thing in favour of
e voluntary principle ; but if the present measure were car-
tied the voluntary principle would, pro tanlo, be established ;
rbeleause, after the fund proposed to be furnished by the presentlan should have been obtained, there would still remain a
arge sum to be supplied for the necessities of the Church ;
'4,(1 unless that sum should be contributed upon the voluntary
principle, the Church would in effect be impoverished and
deserted.
2sle, BROTHERTON here moved, amid loud cr'ee of
" Divide," that the debate be adjourned.
Thequestion of adjournment was then put and agreed to.
Public Works (Ireland) Bill was reported.
The other Orders of the Day were then disposed of, and the
liouse adjourned at One o'Clock.

PARLIAMENTARY PAPER.

A Dt, CHURCHES, IRELAND.
isc.TURN of ti,:o Sums of Money which, in the Years 1834,
i'B36' 1836: and 16,?7, have been appropriated by the Ecclesias-
-1141 Commissioners fol. Ireland to the Repair, Enlargemeut and
tebuilding of Churches it: Ireland ; distinguishing the sums ap-
:priated to the Repair from those appropriated to tke Enlarge
nt or Rebidding of Churches.
Itl, Repair. Enlargement. Rebuilding.
18Z ..... :.. X 15,000 0 0 Nil Nil
1.8.36 .... ••• 82,824 0 5 £1,656 910 Nil
1837 • ....... 74,287 2 11 Nil £2,289 17 4
•••••••••• 48,566 0 0 Nil Nil
Tot

1,1••.:220677 3 4 £1,656 910 £2,289 17 4
total sum appropriated
By order,

2, Rildare-street, May 1, 1837.

J. WILSON.

te
t4lllltan under the highest auspices and
lOe"i
" mostcy-dress fete,
attractive scale, is to be given at the Surrey Zoo-
vtgiech4l-attardens on the 17th of June, for the conducting of
the committee of noblemen and gentlemen is now forming,
tlittrreceeds
sed Hiof which are to be devoted to the relief of the
esghlanders and Islanders.
AIR Ir.
-IISRA ELI'S NEW ROMANCE.—In the
.age 2 f
tar, ° I Venetia" will be found shadowed forth, under the
left: Marmion Herbert, and Lord Cadzadis, two of thed
Syron and brightest poets of modern times—Shelley an
11 4' The most salient points of character and conduct are
st?„Pil.IY chosen, and are brought before the reader's eye. with
s
of pia'neg_ vividness and effect. . At the same time, such changes
niuch
07., and period, and circumstance, introduced—so
the the fictitious and the imaginative is embroidered.
lona
trace_ertual and the true—so much of the true is covered wihtolut
viol:lull veil
, that the whole possesses a poetical reality, wit
tibikityothrtogftlhteidsi,avcidreudainse._ss
mofoprrii,vinagtepliofes,t.or wounding the suseeP-
...-
Mr. Lov.v ° • e with
MORE. Our previous acquaintance
ante the Tales and Lyrics made us anxious fur the appear-
public
h • e work before us, when we saw it announced for
Its perusal has tended to establish the opinio.n
elltimad entertained as to the author's talent. He has laid fair
1%4 .ise a shre of the laurels hitherto worn by Lady Morg•an,
of fri,Tdgewortli, and one or two other felicitous delineationsd
di Pleksb I character. Mr• Lover wisely prefers the lighter. ,n
11,9ter duty of describing. national character to political
thetincji Ill."- Here he is excellent. Every Irishman must admit
hare, e,"ty of his sketches—nothing can be more true to na-
the eln he main story is well conceived, and worked out to
ever, -se by a chain ofprobable incidents, which bear, how-
Afte; all the charm andpnovelty of fiction. The illustration!,
eert4in number, are designed by the author himself, who is
appear Y a very gifted person in every respect. The.
.Muses
for we to have made him an object of their special solicitu .e,
l'istoriufind him successively in the character of novelist, poet,
, musician, and artist.—Sunday Times.
NILEMAN JACK, BY THE AUTHOR OF
lif e;"131"1." This new novel is a series of sketches of the
Poest.. tet naval officer, from the rank of midshipman to that of
4'l bettarein ; and a stirring life it is—full of feats of broil
411,,d shipwrecks, frolics, and the other chances of. love
(41 -d."11.. which are apparently the inseparable concomitants
sehool,.l,%°r'B life. The humours of a cockpit, that perpetual
eravep -°'eholiday, are admirably hit off, nor. are the te th Portions of the work unworthy to be perused, with profit
'ettleZstryea hy the higher members of the profession.
,8 the wrier a sailor-author speaks out so ably and so forcibly
`^P riter of Gentleman Jack."—Messenger.
41N:41, IN CHA MIER'S NEW WORK,
.THE
pti:,4"--Captain Chamier is certainly not inferior in ded-
eltarßet- Power in the have delineation of sea-manners an
existia and in the general skill of the novelist, to any
very ig writer of stories of naval life. The Arethusa" is. a
4Reeeetletedtovdeert:nehd very entertaining work;. but we find it so dif-
any fair example of the writer from his con-
that it Perratve, that we must be content in one word to say,
con-
so popularcrte of the best sea-novels which have lately become
IVj.-- 11 Literary Gazette.
it; ttir,,4.I.4IIRBINSON'S TRAVELS IN THE HOLY
on th n OTHER PARTS OF THE EAST...,—This work,. which
e eve of appearance will doubtless meet with no
s'lderst4 reception, on account of the peculiar nature (sei4
Dear h "d
te below' to it, according to the report of those
-R4ts,atre'Leielo the manuscript. Liekides exploring,t for three
g37pt th of Styria and Palestine, 4ititl Most interestingof Asia Minor,
e a parts Mr. govinsoli visited
ever 1,_," Complete and extensive tour of the Levant titan
been undertaken.
