MINORITIES ON MONDAY LAST.

LIST OF THE MINORITY
Of 73, who voted for Mr. Burge's Amendment on the Speaker's
leaving the Chair to go into Committee on the Sugar Refining
Ilill—" That a Sete, t Committee be appointed to examine and
report how far the Foreign Sugar Refining Act may be carried
into effect with a due regard to the West India Colonies."
Agnew, Sir A. Holdsworth, A. H. O'Connell, D.
Arbuthnot, General Holmes, Win. O'Connell, M.
Ashley, Hon. J. Houldsworth, T. Paget, T.
Barham, J. Hughes, H. Pelham, J. C.
Bateson, Sir R. Hume, Joseph Phipps, E.
Blair, W. Ingestre, Viscount Pigot, G. G. \V.
Blaney, C. James, NV. Pollington, Viscount
Brudenell, Lord Johnston, A. Praed, NV. M.
Bulwer, H. L. Kean;ley J. H. Prn.gle, A.
Burge, W. Kenyon, Hon. L. I'usey, F.
Cole, Lord Kerrison, Sir E. Rae, Sir W.
Conolly, C lonel Knight, J. L. Bickford, W.
Davidson, Duncan Lefroy, Br. T. Bohinson, Sir G.
Dick, Quintin Lefroy, A. Shaw, F.
Dixon, J. Lowther, J. H. Sinclair, G.
Douglas. Hon. C. Mackillop, J. Somerset, Lord G.
Fergusson, R. C. Mahon Viscount Stewart, P. M.
Ferguson, Sir It. 31,itland, A. Thompson, W.
Fitzroy, lion. 11. Mangles, J. Villiers, Lord
Freshfield, J. W. Marryatt, J. IVyvyan, Sir R.
Gordon, J. Marjoribanks, S. Wrangham, D. C.
Gordon, It. Miller, W. H. Young, John
Grimston, Lord Mount, W.
Hayes, Sir E. uutray, Sir G. TELLERS.
Herbert, EC. H. North, J. H. Clerk, Sir G.
Hodgson, John Douglas, NV. It, K.
For the Amendment, 73—Against it, 77—Majority, 4.

MINORITY
Of 21, who voted for putting oil' the Truck Bill for six months.
Chapman, M. L. Mullins, F. Shaw, F.
Colly, Colonel North J. H. Strutt, E.
Dinoxon, J. O'Conaor, Don 'Thompson, Vs.
Hay, Sir E. O'Connell, D. Villiers, Lord
Kearsley, J. H. O'Connell, M. Wranghtm, D. C.
Leader, N. P Perceval, Colonel Williamg, W. A.
Lefroy, Dr. T. Power, H. TELLERS.
Martha, John Pelham, C. Hume, Joseph
Musgrave, Sir R. Somerset, Lord (4. Paget, T.
The Majority for going into Committee on the Bill was 68.

Who voted i❑
Archdall, M.
Conolly, Colonel
Fitzroy, Captain
Maxwell,

MINORITY
Favour of Colonel Sibthorpe's Motion.
Perceval, Colonel I TELLERS.
Pollington, Lord Sibthorpe, C. D. I.
York, Joseph 11c,n. A,

FRENCH PAPERS.

CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES.-SErw. 10.

rETITIONS FOR INTERFERENCE IN FAVOUR OF POLAND

llet--Gentlemen, the Members of the Polish
Committee of the department of the Seine, in a petition
which has been subscribed by more than three hundred
people of Paris, pray that the Chamber may beseech the
throne for an official declaration of the nationality of Poland.
Shall we do nothing, say they, f r a nationwhich has always
been a faithful ally of France, and, for the la,t forty years,
shed her blood in her:cause? for a nation which, 4, reliance
upon our sympathies and frato-nity, k risen against op-
pression by our example—has done what we ourselves did,
and at this very moment, by fighting for our liberty, pre-
vents the execution of hostile projects against France
Not to treat Poland as a Government is to treat her as a
rebellious people ; and neglecting to declare the legality
of her resolution is to condemn our own. It is of the
greatest impo'rt to the honour of France, and also to her
peace and dignity with foreign relations, to recognize the
Independence of
The Polish Committee of Me% in a petition con-
taining more than 600 names, expresses the lime
sentiments.

In another petition, containing 300 signatures, the in-
habitants of Mons beg that Franc,- will recognize the Polish
Government, and assist them by all means in her power
to put an end to that struggle which they have imstaineil
for the last six months ; they set forth 4.at it interests the
security and future repose of Europe that some pOwerful
irrier should 'be raised to arrest the' invading progress of
nnssia, who would doubtles, be desirous of extending her
power and influence in all directions.

Lastly, there is a fourth petition reproduced five tunes
by the inhabitants of Paris, Dreux, Sales near Auby,
Menilhubert, Doturront, and Lohnee, that has been pre-

sented by Messrs. de la Mennais, de Montalembert, and
Lacordaire. They pray, in the name of the Catholics of
France, that the Chamber will beseech the King to inter-
fere in favour of Poland.
" Join us," say they " in our religious sentiments, to
its
honour." to Poland its independence and to France
honour." New representatives of New France, deputies
of a people who love nothing so well as liberty, if not
glory, do not be unfaithful to the double voice of glory and
of liberty.
M. Bignon—Some deplorable deeds have stained the
historic pages of Warsaw ; hut, gentlemen, you must feel
that the crimes of which that capital has been the theatre
are not the crimes of the heroic Polish nation. Shame
be to us if merely from these sad events we should leave
the Poles to their own despair—shame be to us if we pre-
tend to justify our Own inactivity by the reproach of cruelty
with which we charge them. In a previous discussion I
did not insist upon the recognition of Poland, not because
I thought it improper, but because I did not wish to engage
in an opposition to the Ministry. Besides, the amend-
ment supported by them after the vote on the address
made us believe that they would not shrink from the ne-
cessity. It is now high time to hasten the recognition of
Poland ; two circumstances fully persuade me of this
fact ; the happy chance which has brought our troops into
Belgium, and the cholera morbus. The Hon. Member
here began an attack upon the Ministry for the system of
conferences which they had adopted. He thought that the
interests of England, Prussia, &c. ought to be treated of se-
parately, and not in a Congress. He then endeavoured to shew
that the present was a very favourable moment to secure
Poland. Prussia and Austria would not find it to their
interest to oppose themselves, since, if they were desirous
of doing so, they were not able. The cholera morbus would
prevent them. Mark, gentlemen, if we do not take
measures to secure all the advantages which may be de-
rived from the present state of Europe, we surely cannot
do less than lend the ailing hand to Poland. It may,
perhaps, be said that such policy is any thing but
generous—but, gentlemen, a cabinet has no right to be
generous at the expense of the people. The plague ef-
fects against Europe at the present time what the winter
of 1612 did against Napoleon. Can we hesitate to take
back these advantages—can we refuse to make this
horrible scourge serve the purposes of humanity ?
Prussia would certainly tremble if we attacked her posses.
sions on the Rhine. Let us respect them, and let us be
generous—but let us exact that conduct on the shores o'
the Vistula which we shew to her possessions on the
Rhine. Let us make concessions, if it be desirable, but
remember that we are accountable for them. We are told
that a conduct more firm on our part in Belgium would
have overthrown the Grey Administration in England,
and replaced it by a Tory Cabinet. But with regard to
politics there is no fear of a change of Ministry in England.
I should not even regret there being a Tory Ministry, be-
cause the French Government would spew itself more ri-
gorous on account of it than towards a liberal Govern-
ment. A Tory Administration in England, at this mo-
ment, would cause that country a greal deal of embar-
rassment. Russia exhausts itself upon a soil which eluded
its grasp. Austria and Prussia know better than to run
the risk of a war which could not be otherwise than un-
happy for them. England, as well as ourselves, fears war,
but does not, like us, make a declaration to that effect in
pudic : what I ask of France is, that she will not fear
England. Why not at once make use of a firm, an ener-
getic declaration in favour of the Polish cause ? How
honourable and noble it would be for France to recognize
the independence of Poland at the moment when she is on
the point of a great catastrophe ; and if she should mira-
culously conquer, what happiness would there be in
having contributed to her triumph ! The Hon. Member
concluded by voting in favour of the reference proposed by
the Committee.

M. Selnastiani (Minister for Foreign Affairs)—l mean
not to oppose referring the petitions to the President of the
Council ; 1 mean only to submit to the Chamber a few ob-
servations. I confess that I cannot altogether comprehend
the speech of the orator whom I succeed in the tribune.
He wishes that we should take advantage of the events in
Belgium to effect the independence of Poland ; he remarks
that we make numerous concessions, and, in con-equence,
have a right to exact some ; he says that Europe has been
stricken to such a point that she is not at present in a state
to make war, and, consequently, that France may exact
her own conditions. Let us examine this allegation.—
From the events in Belgium to effect the independence of
Poland ! I confess that I can perceive no affinity between
these two ideas • and even the orator himself appears
dubious in relation thereto. That the affairs of Belgium '
are weighty ones is well known to the Chamber. The
orator says that it is an English question ; he should ha% e
expressed himself more correctly, and called it an Eu-
ropean one, for all questions of this nature are European
ones, involving the elements of peace and war. We male
concessions it seems—he ought at least to point them out.
We thought the independence of Belgium in danger,
and have hastened to its defence. I cannot perceive in
the conduct of the Ministry any concession whatever. The
question of Belgium is terminat, d, and, far from forming a
motive for rendering us arbiters of the affairs of the North,
ought to fix our attention upon those of our own country,
which are much connected with the concerns of another

.. -
not fifty leagues from our capital. I neither perceive in
the question of Belgium any means of effecting the inde-
pendence of Poland, nor any concession whatever, or, if
there have been concessiims, it certiinly has not been on
the side of France. We marched to Belgium at our own
instance ; Europe felt that this movement was in favour
of a general peace, and gave in its adhesion. We avow
that we are most hsppy on this account, because peace is
necessary to all nations, and the scourge of disease alluded
to by she orator is an additional motive for us to maintain
it ; for were we to break it, and our legions to advance
towards the Rhine, they would encounter other legiona
from the infected countries, and we should march to meet
the pestilence which has stricken all the re*t pf the Con.
Frame hag spared no
pa
tinent. Our sympathy with Poland has always been sin-
core,
t
so
at
the this moment. Frac
nationality of that country, and the
cs
system to and e
matb'at:nr Government•has pursued she will continue to
pursue, hut without compromising the real interests of the
country or of peace, and without encountering the scourge

. . -
of disease.
M. Lafayette—ln two directly similar case tlik conduct
of Government has certainly beep vet), different. In Italy
tian of Austria has been allowed. An amnesty and the
the Ministry has :-.llc.wn itself very weik. The interven-
liberation of prisoners kidnapped by Austria have beep.
obtained without force. In Belgium quite ;.ip opposite
system has been pursued. We lrlve spaen with energy,
and the first movement has been followed up. That con-
duct l'Pill'cad ;
but we should also maintain it in our
1 ,
other relations. The same language should be 110;1 ty.
Prussia. Prussia is the enemy of Poland, and her inter-
vention should be prevented la every vossible means ; for
it is not sufficivit to say we will nut consent if the dispo-
sition is not to effectually prevent it. You have heavd a
the unhappy events at Warsaw—but they, have been, it is
a;;ldcee:cteßsielsy, abnu; 't disposedlnvoetsh()ui
d k n
know
est.l,,uxieedis;eniti tpilli:lhh)uelfalgdgiNsv7plteer;ol;nounce our opinion. The Polish
cause is peculiarly French ; from the veterans of the 01;11
guard to the children of our school the whole of :France is
Polish.
'
sake. e
I hl) atlso that the Alt;stry is P:dish ; but, for
th2ra obese it by due energy.
•
9
••••••••....-.
Heavens
T heeference of the petitions was carried without on-
position.

The Gazette -4;ight contains the promo-
tion of Lard CLoticnaßY (Peer of Ireland) and Admiral
SAufaAaEz to the rank of Peers of the United I,;ingdom.
Supplement to the Gazette contains, the names of
several Generals and Adryiirals who are raised to the first
and sooLanil ranltts of the Qrder of the Bath. A Supple,
;rent to VridaY's Gazelle has also been published, which
contains a full and precise arecunt of the Coronation in all
its films,

This is tile fiftieth anniversary of the esta-
blishment of Sunday Schools by the philanthi,-;p4:
RAIKES. The day, as might be expetA, was observed as
a Jubilee. At au etrrly how the children educated in the
different 43h001s of
"The Union" proceeded from their
various estaldishinents, headed by their teachers and friie4dzry.
to Exeter Hall, wliere an interesting ce;;;aony took place.
The Rev. U. MORRlSON,ofß:•oitipton, was in the presi-
dential chair. stirrournled by several eminent characters,
iendly to these Christian institutions. Prince GEoac*
of Cy:stHERLANI? was expected, but had not arrived when
our reporter left. The number of children present was
about five thousand, all of them neatly attired, and pre.r
bented a truly gratifying spectacle tco the piiilAntbrOilic qe.

The LORD CHANCELLOR again put the question—
" That the words be taken down ;" and then observed,
that the Noble Baron had only repeated the words with a
view to exp'ain what he meant by them, and then the
Noble Marquis moved that they be taken down while the
Noble Baron was in the act of explanation. The Noble
Baron said, " I made use of the words, but if any Noble '
Lords were offended with them, I offer to explain in
what sense 1 used them, in order to show that the
Noble Lords had no reason to be offended with them."
Now, if the Noble Lord had said that this House had no
great character to lose as expressive of his own opinion
that the House deserved the imputation, and that it was
deservedly low in character, he should have thought that
that was disorderly. But he understood the Noble Baron
to use the words as lamenting, that there were persons in
this country with whom the House was in bad repute.
The Noble Baron meant to state it, as an argument, that
certaia persons, who were apt to detraot from the charac-
ter of toe House, would not be satisfied unless they did
so and so. But the Noble Baron made no attack on the
House in his own character, but mere►y said that there
were certain persons who, in a certain event, would take
the opportunity to attack it, right of wrong.
The Marquis of SALISBURY did not wish to press the
matter ag tinst the opinion of the House, but wottld wait
to see whether the words would be satisfactorily explained
or not, and then he would determine whether he should
persist in his motion that they 6 taken down or not. It
was clear that atrocitnis attempts were made to inflame
the tninds even of well-meaning men against that P,osse,
He would wait to hear the explanation,

Lord KING. —A motion 11as been made by a Noble
Marquis that the word, be taken down, and he was in-
formed that he was too late, as a Noble Baron had inter-
posed same observations. Ile (Lord King) then pro-
ceeded to explain, and with that view repeated the words ;
and another Noble Marquis moved that they be taken down,
thereby preventing that explan,:tion, which, if the Noble
Marquis had only permitted him to utter another sen-
tence, would have proved that there was no ground for any
such ;notion. He would nut repeat the words, as they ap-
eearecl to be so offensive to some of their Lordships ; hut
he bad used them because there were certain persons who,
in case their Lordships should reject the Reform Bill would
be very apt to assail the character of the House on that ac-
count ; and his object was to impress on that House the
importance of not affording them any such handle. It
was needless for their Lordships to attempt to conceal from
themselves th;;t there were many such persons in this
country. He might say that there were many persons who
thought that, on the questions of the Corn Laws, the
Game Laws, and of Reform, this House was indisposed to
consult the best interests; of the community ; and his ob-
servation was; that such persons would consider t 4 re-
jectipp 4 their Lordships of the Reform as ulanifesting
that indisposition, and they would hc,l,d nut that circum-

stance as a strong proof that th;y were deserving of the
character imputed t'. tz.tn. And he had mentioned tlikt
as a powerft r?asoo for their Lordships avoidini the pre-
t;i*y, which lay before them. He hope'.l their Lordships
would act prudent'y in this tw,ttef, and disappoint those
who were ill-affected tcovi.ids thew.

Lord WIAARNCLIFFE hoped that their Lordships
wo'Ald not suffer themselves to be influenced in their pro-
ceedings by popular clamour. He did out think that this
House stood on the brink of a precipice, as the Noble Lord
had stated. In the petit4a- there were some expressions
which appeared ntawarrantably to impute motiyex ,;.nd
opinicna t,a their Lordships which ought not 'so be im-
puted. If their Lordships should reiect the Bill, it would
not be because they were i\ctuated by a desire to retain
their influence in thc I.l,ouse of Commons, but because they
thought them was great danger to the Housn in this
11:,vt, Constitution, however much they might be disposed
to give way to the just and reasonable wishes of the people.
The Marquis of SALISIXRY thought himself 2,10;1.
fled, after the explanation which had been given, is with-
drawing tie motion, and he withdrew it a;cordingly.
The petition was then read it stated that the peti-
tioners had no wish to en;.roach on the proper privileges
of their Lordships, but only wished to maintain the pznpe,
rights of the people —lt was ordered to be laid cap the table.
The Ai clibishop of CANTERBURY, presented a peti-
tion against the Beer I 3 11,
The Duke of RICHMOND moved the second 1'0E4.14
of the Cr,ktne Bid, which was lead a secoicid time, and
~Ird,o.e to ba committed on Monday,
i
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY wished to ask the
Noble Earl (Grey) when the Portuguese pipers,
which had henpromised for a couiderable time,
tqould be laid upon the tatio of the House ; tibt
whether there would be any objection, to. lay the opiniut
of the Judge Advoc,ttte, respecting the seixore of the Purtu-
gueseshipshy the French, before the llouse. He would also
take this opportunity of asking the Noble Earl. where the
present English fleet was destined—whether to, the Tagus
to take what was left by the, French ?•
Earl GREY, sall
the N& le Murqu-1.4 was perfectly
aware that these papers cuald not be made out in
such (.; ray short time, but as soon as they

SLAVERY.
The Bishop of BATH and WELLS presented several
petitions from various places in Somerset, Dorset, Leicester,
Bedford, and other counties, against colonial slavery.
CANADA.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE presented a petition from
the Lower House of Assembly of Lower Canada, complain-
ing of various grievances, particularly in regard to the dis-
tribution of lands and the funds for education, to the !axes
imposed by the British Parliament, which were made per-
petual, whereas, as the petitioners thought, they should be
only temporary, and to the appointment of Judges and
Government Officers. His Noble Friend, the Colonial
Secretary, was engaged in paying that attention to the
affairs of Canada which the importance of the subject re-
quired; and he hoped that, with regard to most of the
grievances complained of, his Majesty's Mini-tees would be
enabled to make such alterations and improvements as
would be satisfactory to the petitioners ; but as to the ap-
pointment of Judges and Public Officers, he doubted
whether they could act without submitting a resolution
to Parliament. It was a most important subject, and due
attention would be paid to it.
His Loarasnir then presented a petition from Chippers-
ham, in Wilts, praying for the extension of the poor laws
to Ireland.
The Earl of SHREWSBURY presented six petitions
from various places in Ireland ; two of them in favour of
the Reform Bill, and the rest in favour of the Educ ttion
Grants, and the extension of the elective franchise to Ca-
tholics in the same manner as Pro•estants enjoyed it.
His Loansmr also presented s.-veral petitions praying
fir inquiry into the important affair at Newtownbarry ;
and fully concurred with the petitioners.
Petitions laid on the table.
PLURALITIES' BILL.
The Archbishop of CANTERBURY moved the com-
mittal of the Church Livings' Pluralities' Bill.
In the Committee, Lord WYNFORD, adverting to the
clause in the Bill restricting the holding of pluralities to
livings within thirty miles of each other, moved, as an
amendment, that the words forty-fire should he substi.
toted instead of thirty.
After some conversation between Lnrd Wynford, Lord
Harrowby, the Bishop of London, and Archbishop of Can-
terbury, the amendment was negatived without a division.
Upon the clause respecting the discretionary power of
the Archbishop of Canterbury in case of nun-repair of
residences,

Lord WYNFORD expres.ed his oppoAition to the chose.
The Earl of HARROWBY moved the clause to 1 e
postponed, in order to give time further to consider the word-
ing of it.

The LORD CHANCELLOR saw no reason for post-
poning the consideration of the clause. If there was to be
a discretionary power—and it seemed to him there must
ho---then he confessed be did not see that it could be ve,ted
in better hands than those of the Metropolitan.
After some verbal amendments had been introduced, the
clause was ackpted.
Other clauses were then gone through, and several
verbal amendments were introduced into ail of them.
The House resumed, and the repurt was ordered to be
received on Tuesday next.

BANKRUPTCY BILL.
Lord WYNFORD asked the Noble and Learned Lord
on the Woolsack at what time he intend. d to bring on the
discussion upon the Bankruptcy Bill ?
The LORD CHANCELLOR at first answered Thurs
day, hut finding that day likely to be innnvenient, he said
he would con-ider of the matter, and to-morrow let the
Noble and Learned Lord know at what time he intended to
bring on the discussion.
The House then adjourned.

110 USE OF COMMONS, SEPTEMBER 13.
The SPEAKER did not take his seat until Twenty
Minutes to Four o'clock.

On the motion of Viscount IscEsTam, a new writ was
ordered to issue for the county of Dorset, in the room of the
Rieht Hon. .I,,hn Ca'craft, deceased.

Mr. MAXWELL presented a petition, signed by 278
Protestants, and 312 R onan Catholics, in the county of
Kerry, in favour of the grant to the Kildare-street Society.
The lion. Member then moved an humble Address to his
Majesty, praying that there be laid before the House copies
of the depositions taken at Newtownharry before the
Coroner, on the bodies of the unfortunate individuals
killed there on the Bch of June. The Honourable
Member said that if the aalasits lie had produc-d en a
former evening were not sufficient to induce the House to
believe that what had been said respecting the death of
Mary Mulrooney, and the premature birth of her child, was
incorrect, he had now the affidavit of Mr. Boyce, a most
respectable practitioner, who attended the wocoan till her
death, and he swore that she had no other wound than
what was ordinarily caused by a bullet, that th-re was no
child protruding, and, in fact, that she was not pregnant.
On the motion of Mr. Ablerinin Wool) the petitions
which he had presented in favour of the Ste un-boats Re-
gulation MU on former occasions were referred to the
Steam nogulation Committee.
