NEGRO SLAVERY.

Lord LYNDHuRsT presented several petitions against
negro slavery.
REGISTRATION OF BURGESSES.
The Earl of HAREWOOD presented a petition from
the Mayor, Aldermen, and Council of Leeds, complaining of
the present registration of burgesses.
ENGLISH POOR-LAW BILL.

Viscount STRANGFORD presented a petition against
the bastardy clause in the English Poor-law Bill.
QUEEN'S BENCH SITTINGS BILL.
On the motion of Lord DENMAN, and after a short con-
versation, in which Lord BROUGHAM and Lord NV YN-
FORD expressed their opinions that the provisions of the
Bill should extend to th.i other Courts, the Queen's Bench
Sittings Bill was read a second time.
PRIVILEGES OF PARLIAMENT BILL.
Lord BROUGHAM put it to his Noble and Learned
Friend opposite, who had the charge of the Privileges of Par-
liameet Bill, vaictlier, as another Noble Friend of his had
postponed a Bill which stood for Thursday, for that day, his
Noble and Learned Friend would not consider it advisable to
postpone his Bill until that day ?
Lord L YNDH URST joined in (111 recommendation. In
the absence of her Majei,ty's Ministers, and of the Noble Duke
he trusted his Noble and Learned Friend would postpone the
further proceeding with a measure to which he ( Lord Lynd-
hurst) entertained several objections.
Lord WYNFORD would be very happy to postpone pro-
ceeding with the Bill if his Noble and Learned Friend would
state what were his objections to the measure.
Lord LYNDHURST said that i❑ live minutes he had dis-
covered four objectionable points in the Bill, and he had no
doubt that in ten minutes he could discover as many more.—
( A laugh.)
Lord WYNFORD then agreed to defer proceeding with
the Bill until Thursday.
THIRD REPORT ON CRIMINAL LAW.

The Earl of DE VON, in pursuance of his notice,
called the attention of the House to the third Report
on Criminal Law. In the course of his observations
on the subject, the Noble Earl dwelt on the expediency
of extending in certain cases the system of summary con-
viction. It appeared from the various reports on the
table, with respect to trials at quarter sessions, that two-
thirds, or even three-fourths, of the persons so tried suffered
more imprisonment before their trial than any judge would
have assigned to them for the commission of the offence. The
Noble Earl moved that the third report be referred to the
consileration of a Select Committee, with a view of pro-
viding by law for the summary conviction of certain offenders.
Lord DENMAN supported the motion; and thought the
subject one deserving the most serious attention. His Noble
Friend was perfectly correct in stating that under the existing
system many persona suffered longer imprisonment before trial
than, if they were convicted, was imposed upon them as a
punishment. In cases of ordinary larceny he did not see why
the Grand Juries should be troubled at all. A more frequent
gaol delivery was highly desirable. He thought the country
much indebted to his Noble Friend for his present proposition.
The LORD CHANCELLOR was quite satisfied as to
the extent of the existing evil,
but had some doubt if the pro-
posed plan would remedy it.
: Lord L YNDIIURST thought the subject worthy of more
deliberate inquiry,
of his Noble Friend.
The motion was then agreed o
and he should therefore support the motion
The Bills on the table were advanced a stage, and the
House adjourned.
t

HOUSE OF COMMONS, JUNI? 11.
The SPEAKER took the Chair at the usual hour.
Mr. BARNEBY brought up a Report from the Selec
Committee on Highways.
Mr. FR E S HFIE LD brought up a Report from the Corn.
mittee on Public Petitions.

Sir M. WOOD brought up the Report of the Committee
on the Metropolitan Suspension Bridge Bill; also the
of the Committee on the Royal Exchange Building Bill,
which was read a first time.
Mr. HANDLEY moved the third reading of the South
Holland Drainage Bill.
The Bill was read a third time and passed. Report
Mr. DENISTG UN brought up the Report of the Com-
mittee on the Garnkirk and Glasgow Railway Bill.
On the motion of Sir J. MORDAUNT, the Leamington
Priors Gas Bill was read a third time and passed.
Lord ALFORD brought up the Report of the Committee
on the Newton and St. Albans Road Bill.
On the motion of Mr. M'Lean, the Pulliam Inelosure Bill
was read a third time and passed.
On the motion of Mr. PRINGLE, the Ladykirk and
Norham (Tweed) Bridge Bill was read a third time and
passed.
On the motion of Mr. CRESWELL, the Liverpool Court
of Passage Bill was read a third time and passed.
On the motion of Mr. HALL, the Paddington Estates'
Bill was read a third time and passed.
GLASGOW WATER WORKS' BILL.
On the motion
as reoafd
a NI
third
dltNimDe and passed.
the Glasgow Water
Works 13i11 w

Sir R. INGLIS presented a petition against the London,
Birmingham, and Great Western Grand Junction Railway Bill.
CHURCH OF SCOTLAND.
Mr. WARD presented a petition from Sheffield against any
additional endowments to the Scotch Church.

BEER BILL.
presented a petition from the same place
againstir PARKERtheBe Beer
r Bill.

POSTAGE..

Mr. GA SKELL presented a petition from the Editor of a
Yorkshire Newspaper in favour of a uniform Penny postage.
Colonel VERNER presented a petition from the Apothe-
caries of Armagh and its vicinity against certain clauses in the
Medical Charities Bill, and ten petitions from the same county
praying for the restoration of the suppressed sees.
Mr. HALL presented a petition from Marylcbone, praying
that the St. Pancras Paving Bill be referred to a Select
Committee. . _

Colonel CONO L LY presented two petitions from Donegal,
praying for the abolition of Negro Apprenticeship.
Mr. COLQUHOUN presented three petitions, praying
for the suppression of ilindol Idolatry ; and a petition from
Forfar against any further endowment to the Church of Scot-
land.

Mr. WA RD said that, just before the adjournment for the holi-
days, he wishcd to obtain t he priority in giving, notice of a motion,
and for that purpose he complied with the forms of the House.
He put his name down the first on the paper, and W 713 in his
placr, at five. when the adjournment was msved. The Speaker
called his non,- the first on the paper, and he immediately
gave notice of a motion for Tuesday, the 19th of June. He
now found that hie notice was inserted second on the paper in-
stead of first, and as this was a point of so No interest to his
const:tuents he did not wish to give way if he was entitled to
tllo priority.
