nearly always, that in proportion to the number
of Magistrates in any district, is the extent of
abuses of the Poor Laws, demoralization of the
lower orders, crime and discontent. There can-
not be a greater curse in a country than a num-
ber cf idle people invested with authority to in-
terfere in their neighbours' matters. The pro-
per place for idlers is towns, where they can
spend their incomes without doing much mis-
chief to any but themselves. Mr. Brereton saw
the increase of crime keep pace with the in-
creased powers to Justices of Peace, and he ex-
pressed himself convinced that " a reformation
of morals, or a permanent amendment of the
administration of the Poor Laws, is impossible,
without a reformation of the present system of
provincial justice." " The following inquiry," he
continues, "in all its parts, has been directed
to this point from a firm conviction, that such a
reformation of the inferior Courts is the only
adequate remedy for the present gross maladies
in rural society. The great number of summary
convictions, the increase of crime Judges, Courts,
and decisions of spurious equity, discretion abused
into usurpation of power, nice and interested dis-
tinctions between questions of law and matters of
fact, which forbid all appeal to higher Courts,
loudly call for some reformation, or, at least,
for some regulation of the present system. It is
often very galling to the practical sensible men
of the country to find persons who areinca-
pable of managing a small patrimony or a
glebe, permitted, in virtue of their office, to dic-
tate in the management of their farms—to ad-
minister lectures and admonitions which school-
boys could not tolerate—to break down, by
the most whimsical jerks of authority, the subor-
dinations of society, and reduce whole districts
to an ill-connected mass. The Magistrates
seem to consider themselves in many cases dis-
pensators of bounty, rather than executors of
the law. These Courts are no longer Courts of
law and appeal, but of dictation and direction.
Some check must be applied to this case. A
Commission of Inquiry is appointed to examine
into the evils o hid] have, by the natural course
of everything human, accumulated in the Court
of Chancery, over which a most laborious,
learned, and upright Judge has for many years
presided ; but these spurious Courts of Equity,
which trample under foot the common law, and
scrutinize every man's private affairs, must not
be touched." The paper, with an extract from
which we commenced these observations, lately
mentioned that the borough of Lynn, with a
population of about 14,000, had had a maiden
Quarter Sessions, and that this was owing to the
population being all employed, and the care taken
to prevent the intrusion of vagrants. When we
see these effects ascribed to good management,
may we not infer that the incendiarisin must
have its origin in bad management ?
i• On coming to reside in this part of the country
(West Norfolk)" says Mr. Brereton, " it was impossible
not to observe the universal prevalence of pauperism and
its mischievous influence on the morals and habits of the

people. The first thing veNich led me to suspect the
nature of the disease was, not the burden of the poor rate,
but the small price at which the labr.uter sold, or rath.r
at which other parties so'd, their independence, interest,
and happiness. The corruption of manners, the number of
paupers, and the smallumount of poor rare, convinced me

that the labourers could be no gainers by the system. For
five-and-twenty pounds a year they were all reduced to
the condition of beggars and paupers. * They
are doomed by the Magistracy of the county to pauperism
as their privilege; it is represented to them that nothing
stands between them and destruction but the office of
Justice of the Peace or a Select Vestry. and an allowance
of halt instead of the whole of their wages. It is true,
they might obtain the half in idleness, and they could only
obtain the whole by industry. Many, no doubt, preferred
the half with poaching, smuggling, pilfering, and plund,r.
In the list of paupers, it appeared that many had been
seduced to part with their independence and happiness lot'
4 shilling or half-a-crown, in some particular week of the
year. That trifling sum was in many cases obtained by
fraud and perjury—by summons and orders—by the ut-
most stretch of power—by the reciprocal alienation of

master and servant, and even of father and child."

The result of all the inquiries we have made
into this subject, satisfies us that England has
'Pen more injured in the demoralization of the
labourers by Justices of the Peace, than by
all other causes put together, and that the
very first step towards a remedy must be the
taking from Justices of the Peace the exten-
sive discretionary powers of interference they
at present possess. We agree with the able
writer of the article on Dr. Chalmers in the
Edinburgh Review for October last, that upon
the whole the condition of the labouring people
is not deteriorated. Mr. Brereton says they live,
even in Norfolk, in better cottages than formerly,
and that they are better educated ; that is, are
more generally taught to read and write. It is
to be lamented that the natural tendency to im•
provement should have been contaminated by an
interference on the part of the Magistrates, pro-
ductive of the most demoralizing effects. We
have no doubt that the labourers who have now
been guilty of anon in Norfolk, have been led
to consider themselves wronged. It is the curse
of the system of interference that the labourer
attributes every inconvenience to which he may
be exposed to others.—Morning Chronicle.
If the difficulties in which at present our con-

tinental policy appears to be involved shall pass
off entirely to the satisfaction of the Statesmen
by whom they have been created—if King
Leopold shall make, before Christmas, his
triumphal entry into so much as may remain of

the town and citadel of Antwerp—if the hero of
Toulouse shall vaunt the new glories of the tri-
colour, and establish upon an immovable basis
the authority of the Juste Milieu—if Russia,
and Austria, and Prussia, shall strike no blow
with the swords they have raised, and apply no
match to the cannon they have pointed—if Lord
Palmerston shall succeed, by his bows and his
smiles, in obtaining from the new House of
Commons a grant of money for the expense of
this most iniquitous struggle, and a vote of ap-
proval for measures which posterity will brand
with an indelible censure—if our doubts and
dangers, our menaces awl entreaties, the thun-
ders of protocols and frigates, the labours of
Downing-street and the dock-yard, shall he ter-
minated by this delicious consummation—let us,
in the name of common sense, inquire what ob-
jects each of the three belligerent allies will have
gained by the chances of the game in which the
fates have made them partners. 'What will
France have gained by the war ? There is no

purpose which France for centuries has so con,
stantly kept in view as the annexation of Bel-
gium to her territory. Royalty and republican-
ism, the directory and the empire, Louis Capet
and Louis Philip, all have perceived, what their
neighbours till now have perceived no less dis-
tinctly, how flattering it would be to the vanity,
and how useful to the ambition, of France to
advance her boundary to tire Rhine. How far
such a design will be served by the promotion,
for the present, of the interests of the new Sove-
reignty of Belgium, let those who have watched
the movements of French diplomacy during the
last twelve months determine. Moreover, war,
for whatever object, is necessary to the French
nation. The unsettled Throne, the unstable

Ministry, the restless ambition of the people, all
I invite war. Except by war the King cannot
retain his Crown, nor the Ministers remain in
office, nor the populace be withheld from re-
bellion. What will Belgium have gained by
the war ? Her profit is obvious. She will
have secured to her subjects the passage of
the Scheldt on the payment of merely nominal
duties ; she will have confirmed to the use of
' her citizens the canals and roads which have
been made by Dutchmen at the expense of
Dutch purses ; she will have completed the
integrity of her territory by the accession
of Antwerp, to which she has as much right
as England could assert over Jericho or La-
: puta ; and, which is more than all, she will
have finally established the independence
of her soil ; and it will be undeniable that Bel-
gium is Belgian, until it shall please the Doc-
trinuaires or their successors to make her French.
But what will England have gained by the
war ? Anxious for peace, she will have been
hurried into an unnecessary strife ; loaded with
debt, she will have seen new burdens added to
those she already bore ; a free and a Protestant
country, she will have supported bigoted and
Popish Belgium against free and Protestant
Holland ; a producing and manufacturing coun-
try, she will have aggrandized the producers
and manufacturers of Belgium, and impoverished
the traders and purchasers of Holland ; she will
have opened to all nations the unrestrained navi-
gation of the Scheldt, in which Holland, for a
thousand reasons, would give her, if she could
give her, a preference ; and she will have guaran -
teed to Belgium that communication with the
Rhine by which Belgium may at any time throw
open to all nations the full advantages of the
German markets ; and, finally, she will have given
Antwerp to Belgium, and, in giving Antwerp to
Belgium, she will have given Antwerp to France.
We have uniformly condemned the injustice,
the tyranny, the perfidy of the Dutch war. If
the ends proposed to be gained were clear and
magnificent, we should yet repeat the condemna-
lion. Let us be convinced that our quarrel is
just, before we cdculate what we may win by its
prosecution. But, for the day, let us omit the
consideration of right and wrong. Are the
benefits to be won by the war sufficient to recom-
mend the pulling of a trigger? If they are not,
we say once more, this is not a party question :
it is not a matter on which the idle skir-
mishes of those who have or those who
want office should endanger the public
weal. We are embarked in a contest by the

result of which, however favourable that r- esu

may be, our commerce, our trade, our manufac-
tures, must suffer. If such a contest is to be

undertaken by this country, simply and solely
that the most profligate Statesman who ever sat
in an English Cabinet may be protected from
the blame which, by a pertinacious consistency of
obstinate mistake, he has richly deserved, our sons
will have to look to our ledgers and cash-books
for the moral of a very extraordinary tale.—
Morning Post.
The first actual demonstration of hostilities
against Holland, or rather of an attempt to com-
pel the Dutch King to comply with the requisi-
tions of France and England, has at length made
its appearance—in the shape of an embargo on
all British and Dutch vessels ; and our Tory
contemporaries are in a rage that either anything
of the kind should have taken place, or that the
English Government should not follow the
meek and mild resolution of the Dutch Sove-
reign, to dispense with all embargoes. The
question, however, is not one of pure recipro-
city. The Dutch King may very safely, for
the sake of popularity, say that he has too
much regard for the interests of commerce

to commence a war upon the owners of
private property ; but the question is a
very different one in the hands of the plaintiffs,
France and England, who have only one object
to pursue, and who cannot promote it more effi-
caciously than by adopting the most prompt mea-
sures. When war of any kind is commenced,
the sooner it is put an end to the better. While
it exists it furnishes a boundless extent of ex-
pense in blood and treasure, for which there is no
return, and the kindest act, in consequence, that
any one can confer upon an enemy is that of
putting him to his shifts at once—of shortening
the battle, and shortening the expense of blood
and treasure. The King of Holland has pre-
tended to be very kind and very liberal in his
conduct of the war—if war it may be called—be-
tween Holland and France and England ;but Lord
Palmerston has shown a judicious firmness in re-
sisting the example. He has justly determined
—no doubt with the consent of his colleagues
—that the briefer the period of war, the briefer
the injury to all parties concerned in it ; and we
are glad to see such decision manifested on the
part of the foreign department. It has given
time and space enough for repentance on the
part of the King of Holland ; and it was, as-
suredly, full time that it should vindicate its ho-
nour by the adoption of a very different line of
conduct. The obstinacy of the Dutch King,
which, however, we have reason to believe will
not be productive of any serious consequences,
is the sole and only cause of the war now about
to be waged, and not that of the British Cabi-
net, which have been anxious throughout, not
only for the preservation of the general peace,
but also for the security of all the rights and pri-
vileges justly belonging to the Dutch Sovereign.
—Morning Advertiser. 1

" GALT, who by-the-by we are happy to find,
is fast recov. ring irom his late severe indisposition,
h as
written a new Introilmtion and Notes to his inimitable
story of Lawrie Todd,' which forms the current volume
of the Standard Navel.' As a picture of the singular
life that opens to the adventurous settler in the back-
woods of America, the English languagt assuredly possesses
none that can be computed with the present production.
fhe Americans themselves have borne testimony to the
high merit of the work, which the emigrant will find of
rare value during his career in the New World, to say
nothing of the infinite a:nusement afforded to the general
reader by the jute' esting nature of the story and the rich
vein of humour pervading almost every page."—Morning
Chronicle.
SUBSTITUTE FOR PAPER HANGINGS.—
A substitute for paper hangings has been invented in
Manchester, and bids fair, as an article of upholstery, to
command an extensive, sale. Iu the spinning and tnanu •
f.cture of cotton it is well known that there are great
quantities of fine waste, commonly called ilyings. These
have been collected, and, by means of bytiraulic presses,
converted into a kind of thin cloth, which takes the stain
equally well with paper, and is found to be a good and
cheap substitute for that article on the walls of dwelling.
house..— Chester Chronicle.
LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, Nov.
The business done
in the cotton-market to-day is estimated
at 4,000 bales, chiefly in American descriptions, from 64d.
to '7ll
CAUTION TO CLERGYMEN.--On Sunday
ie,nnight a wedding took place at Iffley, near Oxford.
After the ceremony, on the fees being demanded, the
husband refused payment, and told the clergyman that he
had no money for him, and he might uninarry them if he
thought proper. A similar circumstance occurred a few
.nottths since at a church in Oxford, with the addition
that the man ordered breakfast at a public-house, and,
under pretence of going out to get change, decamped,
leaving the clergyman, clerk, and landlord unpaid.

RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION IN THE

WEST INDIES.

(Abridged ftom the Devizes Gazette.)
A very numerous and highly respectable meeting
of the friends of civil and religious liberty, was held
at the Assembly-rooms, in this town, on Tuesday
last, to consider the propriety of addressing the
Throne on the continued religious persecutions in
the West Indies. Among the company present
were, Sir J. D. Astley, Bart., M.P., Sir A. Maier,
Bart., the Hon. Capt. Bouverie, the Rev. Arch-
deacon Macdonald, Mr. Montague Gore, Mr. C. L.
Phipps, Mr. Scott, Admiral Dacres, Capt. Morgan,
Dr• Brabant, Rev. Mr. Vincent, Rev. J. H. Jobe-
son, Rev. J. Medlicott, and several other Clergy-
men of the Church of England, Dissenting Clergy-
men, &c. &c. The room was also graced by the
company of a large number of ladies : and a more
interesting meeting we have seldom witnessed; each
succeeding speaker appeared to rivet the attention
of the company, and to elicit repeated cheers. Sit
J. D. ASTLEY, Bart., was unanimously called to
the Chair.
The WORTHY BARONET, in stating the object of
the meeting, said, he took it for granted no one
would deny that every British subject was entitled
to the protection of the British laws. He then al-
luded to the recent outrages on the Missionaries in
the island of Jamaica—outrages, he observed,
highly disgraceful to those who committed them,
whilst those who suffered from them were in every re-
spect loyal and good subjects. It was for the pur-
pos.t of taking measures to prevent, if possible, a
continuance of the atrocities alluded to, that this dis-
tinguished assembly had been called together.
Sir A. MALET moved the first resolution :
" That this meeting desires to express their loyal and
devoted attachment to their revered Sovereign, William
the Fourth, and to the principles which seated his illus-
trious family on the throne of then • realms."
The Hon. Cap►. BOUVERIE said, it might per-
haps be sufficient fcr him to express his cord.al con-
currence in the object of the meeting; but as he
himself was one of a family whose first ancestor was
driven to this country from the Netherlands on ac-
count of his religious opinions, he should be little
deserving of the blessings he enjoyed, if he did nut
at all times raise his voice, and lend every assistance
in his power to protect his countrymen from similar
persecution. The gallant Captain said, it was be-
cause th it the Missionaries had sought to enlighten
the minds of the black population and to promote
their welfare here and hereafter, that they had pro-
ticked the of the planters; and from the
effects of this ill-will, it was the bounden duty of
every Englishman to protect the Missionaries.—
(Cheers.)
The Rev. W MONEY moved the 2d resolution:—
" That this meeting deeply deplores the violation of
the 13ritish Constitution by certain Magistrates and others,
in their recent persecution of Christian Ministers, and
their flocks in the Island of Jamrs'e 1."
Seconded by the Rev. J. BURCHELL.
Mr. MONTAGUE GORE then presented himself,
and was received with the loudest cheers. It may
tend to render more clear and distinct the observa-
tions I am about to address to you (said the Hon.
Gentleman) if I first read the resolution that I have
been requested to propose for the adoption of this
meeting.
" That an Address be presented to the Throne, humbly
praying hi• Majesty to adopt such measures as may speedily
correct these e• rtes"
What those evils are, has just been ire
timed to you, in a statement so full, so luminous
and able, that it can require no andition from me;
turd in asking you to address the Throne, requesting
its interference to prevent the continuance of such
evils, I request that to which I do not anticipate any
objection in a free and loyal country. For what
freeman would venture to defend such arbitrary acts
as have been ascribed to the colonists ? what loyal
man would hesitate to uphold the authority of Govern-
ment, and to reprobate the outrages that have been
offered against its authority in the West Indian
Islands ?—(Cheers.) If iL be desirable—and this I
apprehend no one in the present assembly, nor any
reflecting man in the kingdom will venture to gain-
say—if it be desirable that law should be respected
and upheld ; if, on the respect arid reverence paid
to it, depend the welfare and prosperity of states;
then I ask not, whether Church-of-England-man or

Sectarian, whether Englishman or Colonist be the
offending party ;—the principle of obedience to the

laws must be universally maintained—it must be as
much so in Jamaica as in Wiltshire, unless it is held
that law rests not on the fixed principles of justice,
but veers about with the every-varying notions of
political expediency. In proposing that you should
address the Throne on the present occasion, I only
request you to do that in behalf of the sectarians,
which you have often done on your own behalf.—
(Cheers.) When any attack has been made on
your own liberties—when any great measure has ap-
peared to be desirable—when any evil to this coun-
try has been dreaded, which it was in the power of
the Crown to avert—have you not supplicated the
father of his people, that he would stay the plague,
and avert from you the pestilence ? And will you
now hesitate to ask that for others, which you have
deemed of such inestimable advantage to yourselves ?
Shall it be said that Englishmen, could indeed feel
oppression when pracised on themselves, but that
their love of liberty rested on a selfish regard for
their own interests, and that they felt no sympathy for
freemen if they suffered in distant climes, nor enter-
tained any hatred against oppression if practised on
other shores ? Mr. Gore then read the following
extract from the Janzaica Courant, of February 29
and March 1.

" On an attentive reperusal of the Governor's speech to
the Legislature, we are sorry to remark that his Excellency
persists in his allusion to the machinations which have
been employed to seduce the slaves into " rebellion," talk-
ing of their " allegiance," and the" duty" they owe to their
masters. The Earl of Belmore has been long enough in
Jamaica to know, that the slaves owe no allegiance, and that
the contract between their owners and the Givetnment of
the other country, provides only for their " obedience to
their masters t" and we deprecate the idea of inculcating on
the neero mini the hare supposition, that the King has
any control whatever over him."

Now let me ask (said the Hon. Gentleman) can
any man of common sense and common candour

justify such conduct and such language ? What
must the state of society where so large a pro-
portion of the population are openly told that they
owe no allegiance to the King, and are not subject
to his control ? when they are plainly informed
that they may indeed be guilty of disobedience to
their masters, but cannot incur the guilt of rebel-
lion against a Government to which they owe no
allegiance? Is there an instance in ancient or mo-
dern history, when such a state of society has ex-
isted, that it has not been the fertile source of

tumults, disturbance, and horrors ? There is one
point which deserves attention on the present occa-
sion, and that is, how far the supremacy of the mo-
ther country over the colonial legislations extends.
The supremacy may, perchance be questioned, and
it may be said—" What ! do you Liberals—you who
profess such reverence for the exertions of Fox,
[Nuke, and their illustrious coadjutors in behalf of
American independence, now wish to stifle that of

the West Indian Legislature ?" But the question
of Amer►can independence rested on the simple
ground, that no people ought to be taxed except by
their representatives.—(Cheers.) " No taxation
w►thout representation," was the ground on which
he great men of their days took their stand as re-
•pected that question; but they never doubted the
supremacy of the mother country. In confirmation
of th►s, Mr. Gore read the opinion of the present
Lord Chancellor, with reference to the couduct of
Mr. Burke on that subject :
" Mr. Burke (lie slid) with his own band sketched the
hold outline of a code for the government al our sugar co-
lonies : with his own hand he filled up the details: with

his own hand, long after the American contest had termi-
nated—al er the controversy in Negro Slavery had begun,
aild when his own principles, touching the slave trade and
slavery, had bent before certain Wrst Indian prejudices,
communicated by the party of planters in Paris, with whom
he made common cause on revolutionary politics.—even
then instead of rejecting all idea of interference with the

rights of the colonial assemblies, he delivered over the plan
of a slave code to Mr. Dundas, the Secretary fur the co.
lonies, for the adoption anti patronage of Mr. Pitt and
himself: I offer this (said Lord Brougham) as a striking
oroof that it is worse than a jest, it is an unpirdonable de-
lusion to fancy that there ever has existed a doubt of the
right of Parliament to give the colonies laws."
Not only were these Mr. Burke's opinions (Mr.
Gore proceeded), but they appear also to have been
those of Mr. Dundas, who approved of the code
suggested by Mr. Burke, and fully agreed with him
as to the right of the mother country to interfere.
If then we err on this question, we err in common
with some of the ablest and best informed statesmen
hat ever graced the annals of this country. In an
assembly of Englishmen—in an assembly of the
lescentlants of those illustrious Britons who man-
fully shook off' the shackles of religious despotism—
vho fought, and bled, and died for conscience-sake
—who for it endured all ills, and braved all
dangers; no one, I should hope, would oppose any
resolution in behalf of religious liberty. If the
eulogies passed upon these great men who rose
against the Stuart dynasty, because they would be
tree; who brought over and supported King William,
because in so doing they saw a guarantee for the
preservation of religious liberty; if the exertions of
your forefathers on that occasion form the proudest
period in your history—then I am sure you will not
now grudge to the West Indian Isles those bless-
;ngs for which your ancestors made such sacrifices,
which they so highly valued, and for which they
have been so warmly arid so deservedly praised.—
(Loud Cheers.) As long as the sacred light
of martyrdom shall illumine the tombs of your
forefathers, who fell nobly, fighting for their faith;
as long as their names shall be cationzed in history,
so long shall that flame beacon on their descendants
to follow their glorious example, and to tread in
their foors'eps.—(Continued cheering.) You, Eng-
ashmen, have long since burst asunder your band ;
you live, each and all of you, in the fullest eujov-
merit of religious liberty ; and I would ask the
,00rest native of this isle, whether he would barter
is birthright as a Briton—whether he would ex-
change his inheritance of fieedom—whether, above
all, he would give up his r:ght to worship his Maker
recording to his conscience, for any advantages,
however tempting? There breathes rott, lam
sure, a true-hearted Englishman, who, if such an
offer were made to him, would not indignantly tram-
ple it under foot, and spurn its proposer from his
presence.—(Applause.) Justly proud are you of
y"ur ancestors, who so nobly maintained their rights,
and who, overcoming all the fences of despotism,
siood forth proudly pre-eminent, the foremost amid
free nations. But, forget not in your glory, might,
and power, that your forefathers were once slaves
as degraded, as ignorant as are now the hapless ne-
groes on the Indian Isles. In this now Christian
realm, heathenism once prevailed—heathen rites
were observed—heathen ceremonies were celebrated
—arid even at no great distance from this place,
heathen sacrifices were offered up. To your ances-
tors, however, was the Gospel preached; before its
holy rays the mists of Paganism vanished; and su-
perstition fell before the Cross of Christ ! And
will you now deny those blessings to the negroes ?
Will you refuse to them that religious knowledge
which is the surest foundation of social happiness
and political welfare ? Remember that these negroes
are men like yourselves; heirs of the same faith ;
crew ures of the same Maker; open to the same im-
oulses for good or ill, as they are well or ill treated;
and that for them, as well as for you, was the Gospel
preached ?—(Cheers.) Will you let future history
say, that Englishmen, who could so bravely assert
their own tights, had no regard for those of their
fellow-subjects in distant countries ? Even suppose
we admit, that the sectarians were the authors of
the late disturbances, still th's would not justify the
conduct pursued towards them.. If they promoted
he riots and tumults—if they did excite sedition,
let them be punished, but let their punishment be
according to law. In proposing this resolution for
your adoption, I ask you to defend, not to oppose,
the laws; and I call on you to support it as good
citizens, who would wish to see the laws alike re-
spected in est, ry part of the British dominions; as
humane men, who can feel for the woes of your fel-
lows; and as freemen who can appreciate the ad-
vantages to others of that religious liberty which
you yourselves enjoy.—(Loud cheers.)
Tne Rev. JOHN DYER, Secretary of the Baptist
Missionary Society, in seconding the resolution,
could not refrain from expressing the delight with
which he had listened to the constitutional senti-
ments uttered by the gentlemen who had already
spoken, and his gratification at the warm and ge-
nerous interest evidently felt on behalf of those who
had sustained such serious injuries. Mr. Deer then
went on to remaik that the object sought to be at-
tained by the proceedings of that day, was mere
justice. If the Missionaries had really been guilty
!of the crimes laid to their charge—if they had really
lent themselves to sanction and erocourage rebellion
and bloodshed—then they deserved punishment, and
the opposition they had encountered might, to It
certain extent, have been considered justifiable; but
since their innocence had been so triumphantly ma-
nifested, since all the keen investigation to which
!heir conduct had been subjected, only served to
render the utter futility of the charges brought
against them more conspicuous, he felt justified in
styling the treatment they had met with religious
persecution.—(Cheers.)
Several other gentlemen addressed the meetings
after which, thanks were voted to the Chairman, and
the meeting adjourned.

The residence of Sir FRANCIS SYKES, at
St. Leonard's, Hastings, has been robbed of plate, jewels,
and valuables, to the amount of nearly one thousand pounds.
Tile work of plunder has been going on fir some time,
and suspicion has fallen on some of the domestics.--•
Brighton Paper.

•
On Friday evening last, at about 6 o'clock, 3
dreadful fire broke out on the premises of Mr. J. CLOwEs)
of Neatished. The principal part of a large hay-stack
was destroyed, an entire harley stack, 16 yards long, and 3
large double barn filled with wheat and barley was burnt
to the ground. There is no doubt that this was the
diabolical deed of some incendiary. The buildings belong
to Lady PRESTON, and we understand are insured in the
Union-office. and the crops are insured in the Equitable.
—Norwich East Anglian.
Six months ago there existed in Prussia a
club of suicides, every member of which had taken an
oath to destroy himself within a give❑ period. Twelve
persons have been mad enough to 3,in this most singular
+ssociation, which, though the statutes enjoin them to en-
deavour to make pro-elytes to supply the place of those
who took themselves into another world, has become ex-
tinct ; the last member, faithful to his oath, having blown
out his brains. a

BIRTHS.
On the 6th inst. in Duke-street, Westminster, the lady of
William Webb Follett, Esq., of a daughter.
On the `..'2d ult. at Munich, the Hon. Mrs. Yeats Brown. of daughter.
On the sth inst. the lady of Robert Bell, Esq., of Gower street
of a daughter.

MARRIED.
On the 6th August, at Gibraltar, Lieut. John William C 1066!
of the Royal Rifles, son of the Hon. Sir John Cross, one of the
Judges of the Court of Review, to Maria Teresa Arengo, grand-
daugh
ter of the late John Arengo, the Austrian Consul at tua
place.
On the 3d inst. at St. Dunstan's, Stepney, Mr. W. J. Lonsdalej
of Dempsey-street, Commercial-road, to Elizabeth Mary, se"-
~
daughter of Mr. E. W. Bond, of Stepney.

On the 3d May, near Mampba-linEfoin, at Malacca, in the 191/1
year of his age, Ensign George Holford Walker, third son of
Joshua Walker, Esq., of Ivy Lodge, St. John's Wood. He .`f, snot through the heart whilst doing duty with the sth Naii„c.
Infantry, and died instantaneously. Although cut off at tut',
early age, his gallant bearing on a former occasion had been such
as to call forth the especial notice of Colonel Herbert, Co."
mandant of the Field Forces at Malacca in his official despatche:
On the 26th ult. in the College, Durham, Miss Anne OW
beth Colberg, aged 57.
On the 4th inst. at Ramsgate, Sir James Lake, Bart. On the 7th inst. in Cadogan.place, Sloane-street, Basil Fie'„,
land, Esq., late of St. Lucia, in the 76th year of his age.
On the 6th inst. in St. Martin's-lane, Thomas Gent, Esq. „r
On the 3d inst. at Coates, Fifeshire, Sir John Leslie, Profesi'
of Natural Philosophy in the University of Edinburgh.
On the sth inst. at Upper Clapton, after a long and severe
ness, Joseph Wheelwirght, Esq., in the 28th year of his age. A
On the sth inst. at Willesden, Mr. Augustus Nicholay, 3°,'"
:36, late of Oxford-street.
On the 3d inst. at Ussige, East Barnet, Herts, Thomas 1.A."
hert, Esq., aged 83, many years resident at opoi to.

PAINTED AND PUBLISHED DYMUROO VUUNIG, AT VAS
SUN OFFICE, 112, STRAND, LONDON.
