fc tr;rE PEE CENTS.

" Fridtly
" Ditto Ex. Div. - - - 66 f. 45 c.

" NUREMDERO, AUG. 29.—The Prince de
Hardenberg, who had been fruitlessly expected
for several days, has arrived uriexpectedly front
the Palatinate, gccompanied by several persons
attached to the Prussian Ministry. He has set
out for IClayence.

" Several Prussian Regiments have been put
on march from the Marche of Brandenburg to
Wittemberg and Torgati. It is understood that
they %ill proceed to the left Bank of the Rhine to
relieve other Prussian Regiments.
" Considerable quantities of grain have arrived
in Prussian Saxony from Russia. They have
been conveyed to the three great depens at fiaile,
Weissenfels, and Erfurt.

RHEIMS;."9VPT. 3.--,Tht Count de Ruppin
(King of Prussia)arrived here on the 31st ult.
preceded by the Duke de Reggio. The Prince of
Orange and the Duke of Wellington arrived soon
afterwards with numerous suites. The Count de
Ruppin -and the Duke of Wellington went to visit
the Cathedral ; at seven o'clock they dined to-
gethere

" The next day at six in the morningtb4
illustrious travellers took their departure.
" "BERLIN, AUG. 28.—The Count de Ziebh
Austrian Minister Plenipotentiary to our Cot
has returned here from Carlsbad.

HAGUE, AvG. 3l.—The Ministers of
United States ofAmerica, since their arrival ht
have had a long conference with the Direct',
General of Commerce and Colonies. The AV,
ter for Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of they
therlands, and the. greater part of the
of the Corps Dipl-matiTie, ale expected berg
the course of next week. The Austrian, Russ"
and Danish Ministers arrived here the day bet°
yesterday frenn Brussels."

A letter from Batavia, dated March 27,
Business is very dull at this place. Aweric
and European produce is not Borth bringing°
Coffee, sugar, and spiceS, tVIII not, after
the duties, pay 1 per Cent. Most of the
can vessels that come here are obliged to go
Canton or Calcutta for freight."

E7.TRACT OF A LETTER FROM OUR CORRE6POI.7O
AT LIVERPOOL, DATED SEPT. 7.
Arrived this evening the Rotlie,T.moa, from New Orles,
Arrived yesterday, the Caledonia, REED, from Montre*
cargo., 1250 barrels Flom-, 10 barrels Ashes, and 31j1311'
deed Staves.
Pallas, Bourn, from Nani, sailed August 7—care
Timber,

Cirgoes of Vessels arrived since my last :--
Orient, from lien• York-1899 barrels Flour 335 birrt'.
Ashes, 361 barrels Turpentine, 79 bales Cotton, 150 bundf''

Staves.

Fidelity, front Philadelphia-418 barrels Turpentine)
bags Cotton, 76 bags Wheat.
Concordia, from Sarannah-732 bales Cotton.
Weyinoui.b, from Virginia-1141 barrels Flour.
Hunter, from Quebec-2093 barrels Flour, 03 batr'
.Ashes, and 59 hundred Staves.
The Clarkson, WILSON, from hence fur Sarannah,
24th August, has this day put back with damage.
Our Corn-Market is exceedingly dull this day—Americo',
Flour, ‘its. to 495. per barrel; very little bought, and tt;
among dealers.—There are 5 ships that will sail for the Stay'
in the course of neat week.

Extract of a Letter from Rotterdam, date'
Ang. 29 :—" On the Anniversary of the BArt'4
of Algiers, the day before yesterday, the garris":
of this town was under Hulls, and the mariur
under command of Capt; ZiERVOGEL, who cog;
mantled one of the Dutch frigates in the action, 01'
the troops and volunteers Of Rotterdam, were drao°
on the parade. Rear-Admiral MAY, Director;
general and Commander of the Naval Departmeo
here, addressed them in a complimentary and appro;
priate speech. After the parade the Admiral -gat,
a grand dinner to the Military Commandant
this town, and the Naval Officers present. Ainotvi
the many toasts 'proposed, was the health of L01';
EXMOUTH, and who was denothinated the averte
of Christian slavery. and that his deeds may PS
acknowledged by all Europe,
.and his military ar
complishments serve as a beacon to other nation`'
The health of Vice-Admiral Van-De CAPELi:geh
and his brave Officers and crew, was also.draill‘,
with great enthusiasm by all the company."

THE PRINCE RrGHNT.—His Royal Highness
left town for Brighton in high health and spirits,
It is only an excursion for one week. Busintssf
it is said, will require the Great Personage's it'
tendance in town about Saturday next. In til:
week subsequent his Highness will proceed on.
tour:

Mr. Husxissori, we are happy to hear, is in ;
fair way of recevery.
It is &aid that his Majesty the. Kiug of SPAIt
has presented the Duke of WELLINGTO.N'with th,l
celebrated picture of Coetteocto, which bits fol.
sortie time been in his Grace's possession. These,'
iect is Christ in the Garden. This magical' picture
is of the cabinet size, and in the highest state as
preservation. It was carried off from Madrid frr
JOSEPH BUONIPARTE, and found `in his carriage,
.which he had abandoned on his retreaf.
The remairls of the Dowager Machionetsr ef
SLIGo Are e.xpeoted in England the latter end Of
this week ; they are to be interred in the family
vault in Herts.
The retnaii.s of the Baroness Hoy E Were 1W
terred yesterday afternoon in Twickenham CikurelVf
the same vault where the late Lord lies. Tia

cavalcade consisted of a hearse and si•x horses►
drol: by her Ladyship's own coachman, that be..
ing her request, tour mourning coaches and sit,
the deceased's chlriot and four, Mr. BYNG'S car-
riage and tour, and several other carriages of her
particular friends.

WATERLOO—The Scotch Grey3.---,The troops of
this gallant regiment are at present stationed NI
this city; some of them, who were engaged
" 'mid the din of arms" at the ever-to.be-rerneru-
here(' battle of Waterloo, relate the following
anecdote of the daring spirit of Captain CaPa,
who is at present quartered here with his troop
During the heat of the battle, and after his regi-
ment had been shockingly cut up, he, with a
boldness and intrepidity truly characteristic of
the spirit of Englishmen, resolutely charged a
large body of the enemy's cavalry, at the head of
only six men !—waving and cheering them on to
the attack, amid the file and smoke of an in-
furiated enemy.—(C'arlidle Journal.)
Last Tuesday a butcher, of the name of Cold.
well, sat in the stocks two hours in.the Shambles,
Huddersfield, for killing a beast on a Sunday.
FATAL EFFECTS OF EXCESSIVE .Joy.--A woman
at Hanley, in the Pottery, name Phebe Atkins,
who had a son in the army, from whom she had
not heard for several years, and supposed him
dead, a few days ago received a letter from him,
stating,that he was alive and well, and should
shortly be at homei; her joy at the intelligence of
her lost son was so excessive that she broke out
into alternate fits of laughter and weeping, and
in a fe►v bolus expired,.

1
