( o. 1 2,719.

IAiNDON, SA.TURDAY LE' V F;IN1 NG., RUNE,: 1.5, 1 R3:3.

CROWN LIFE-ASSURANCE
COMPANY,
83, BRIDGE- STREET, BLACKFRIARS, LONDON.
DIRECTORS.
GEORGE H. HOOPER, Esq. Chairman.
COLONEL MOODY, Deputy Chairman.
Sir Wm. Richard Cosway William P. Litt, Esq.
James Colquhoun, Esq. John Wells, Esq.
James Colvin, Esq. Sir F. Ommanney
Capt. J. W. D. Dundas, R.N. A. Stewart, Esq.
M.P. John Wilson, Esq.
James Farquhar, Esq. William Whitmore, Esq.
Thomas Harrison, Esq. William Nilson, Esq.
John Kirkland, Esq.
AUDITORS.—CharIes Chippindale, Esq., Jameson Hunter, Esq.,
Richard Nor ran, Esq.
PHYSICIAN.--Dr. James Johnson, Physician Extraordinary to the
King.
SuaGEON.—James Wardrop, Esq.
STANDING COUNSEL.—Charles Ellis, Esq.
SOLICITOR.—J. Haddan, Esq.
BANKERS.MeSSrS. Whitmore, Wells, and Whitmore, L .711-
bard-st reet.

IMPERIAL PAiLIAATENT.

--
HOUSE OF LORDS, Ju 14. •
The Earl of ELDON presented a petition from the
parish of all Saints, Poplar, praying that the East Imli
Company might he :Wowed the privilege of trading t.
India and China, along with the other merchants of the
country. Also a petition from the city of Dublin against
church reform.
Petitions against slavery were presented by Lord TEM.
PLEMORE ft places in Warwick, by Duke of Rico-
MOND front pariwies in Yorkshire, and by Lord BARnAm,
from several place in Kent.
The Bishop of BATH and WELLS presented peritioas
from the clergy of the archdeaconry of Wells attains'
slavery, from the clergy of the archtleaconry of Leominster
against the Jewish Emancipation Bill, and from the several
arehdeaconries in the diovese of Bath and Wells against
the Irish Church Reform 1311.
The Commissioners of Sgwers Bia went through Com-
mittee, and the report was ordered to be received on
Mond y.

ACTUARY.—J. M. Rainbow, Esq.
THE ADVANTAGES OF THIS OFFICE,
among others, are—
. . .

1. A participation septenniAlly in two-thirds of the
profits, which may be applied either in reduction of the
preminm or to augment the SW assured.
On a division of profits for the seven years terminating
on the 25th of March, 1832, Bonuses, amounting froq,
18s to 2/. 12s. per cent, per annum on the sums assured,
varying with the age, were assigned to all policies for the
whole continuance of life effected previously to the 16th
of May, 1829.

LIMITATION OF ACTIONS BILL.
On the question th it the House should resolve itself
nto a Committee on the Bill;
Lord LYNDHURST stated the nature of the Bill,
which had been sent ep to their Lordships from the other
House. As it would have the effect of altering, in a very
extensive degree, the existing law, lie thought it was ne-
cessary to state to their Lordships the grounds on which it
proceeded. I: was entitled "An Act for the limitations of
actions and suits relating to real property ; and for sim-
plifying the remedies for trying the rights thereto." It
was founded on a principle long recognised by the law of
England, which principle was, that a long period of ad•
verse possession gave an indefeasible right to the property
which had been so held. This principle applied in ad
cases except where the Crown claimed ; but there the
maxim nullum tempus occurrit regi interfered. This
principle had been adopted to prevent vexatious proceed-
ings against the holders of rt al property ; because, in the
course of time, evidence was lost, witnesses died, and a
title which was perfectly clear to-day it might be very
difficult, nay, impossible, to prove after a lapse of years.
From a very early petiod of the history of this country that
principle had been acted on, but not upon any precise and
defined system. The period of limitation in remote times
was taken from certain particular circumstances, was re-
ferred to certain stated eras—for ineanee, the return of
King John from Ireland—of Henry 111. from Norway—
or the coronation of Henry I. The period of limitation
was thereffire uncertain and, in consequence, the law
adopted another course, by confining the limitation to a
fixed number of years. He would not go through
all the Acts that had been passed on this eubjee,
het should confine himself to the notice of two—.
those of Janice I. and Henry VIII. By the Act of
James I. no re-entry could be made into lands after
an adverse possession of twenty years; so that an ad•
verse holding for that period gave a title which could not
be successfully impeached. But, in certain peculiar eases,
a remedy was given after a lapse of 50 or 60 years.
Under the Act of Henry VIII. a party might apply after
a lapse of that time, and turn out the possessor. That,
however, was a limited remedy, and did not apply to
property devised by will, or settlement, nor where tl.ere
was no seisin, nor to cases of dower, but only to cases of
descent. Their Lordships must therefore see the incon-
gruity of the law as it now stood. There was another
case of limitation,—he meant the limitation by fine. A
party holding an estate by fine, on payment of that fine
for five years was not liable to the restoration of the pro-
perty. That plan was devised by Henry VII., to quiet
and set at rest the cases of parties who had been engaged
in the civil ware between the houses of York and Lancaster.
It proceeded, however, on a fiction,—namely, that the
fine was so notorious that all the world knew of it. The ob-
ject of the law of England in these cases was to quiet titles,
but those different provisions did not comprehend all per-
sons and all properties, and the obj-et of the present Bill
was to quiet titles on one uniform and simple system. For
that purpose the Bill provided that, after a specified time,
the party having an adverse holding should remain in
possession. This would be beneficial in several respects :
—first, in quieting titles; secondly, and it was no imma-
terial advantage, in giving security to titles; and, thirdly,
in facilitating the making out of conveyances. The real
property commissioners were for a considerable time in
doubt as to what period of adverse holding should
give to an individual an indefeasible right to hold ;
they came at last to the decision that the period
should be twenty years. On that principle they had
gone, and recommended that after a holding of
20 years, a party should acquire a title, and should not be
liable to be expelled by law from the possession which he
had held for that time. In his opinion they had come to a
right conclusion with respect to the extent of time that
should confer permanent possession. They were at first
divided between 20 and 30 years. By the statute of
James 1., the period of limitation which debarred the
remedy of ejectment (which applied to the great majority
of titles in this country) was 20 years. Now, if that
were right in the reign of James 1., he thought, consi-
dering the present facility of communication, and the in-
creased intelligence of the country, that it might now be
applied with propriety to titles of all descriptions. Under
this Bill the expense of making out titles would be com-
paratively trifling. In making out titles of 60 years the
expense was enormous; but, in making out titles of 20
years, the abstract would be much contracted, and the
expense would be very little. Another advantage attached
to the Bill would be the trial of title by ejectment, which
was the most simple mode; and the abolition of numerous
forms of action, which were nearly obsolete, and were
very little understood even by the profession. By turn-
ing to page 13 of the Bill their Lordships would see that
the following processes were abolished :—" Writ of right
patent, writ of right quia dorninus remisit curiam, writ
of right in capite, writ of right in London, writ of right
close, writ of right de rationabile parte, writ of right of
advowson, writ of right upon disclaimer, writ de
rationabilibus divisis, writ of right of ward, writ de
consuetudinibus et servitiis, writ of cessavit, writ of
escheat, writ of quo jure, writ of secta ad molentii•
num, writ de essendo quietum de theolonio, writ of
ne injuste vexes, writ of mesne, writ of (pod permittat,
writ of formetion in descender, in remainder, or in re-
verter, writ of assize of novel disseisin, nuisance, darrein
presentment, euris utrurn, or mort d'ancestor, writ of
entry sur disseisin, in the quibus, in the per, in the per
and cui, or in the post, writ of entry sur intrusion, writ
of entry sur alienation, dune fuit non compos mentis, dune
fuit infra etatem, dual fuit in prisons, ad ccinmunem
legem, in casu proviso, in consimili case, cui in vita, sur
cui in vita, cui ante divortium, or sur cui ante divots-
time), writ of entry sur abatement, writ of entry quare
ejecit infra terminum, or ad terrain= qui preteriit, or
cause matrimonii preslocuti, welt of aiel, besaiel, tresaiel,
cosinage, or nuper obiit, welt of waste, writ of partition,
writ of disceit, writ of quod ei diforceat, writ of cove-
nant real, writ of warrantia chartae, writ of curia clau-
denda, and writ per gum servitia." The whole of these
writs would be abolished by the simple proceeding of
ejectment. Provision was made in the Bill for persons
under the disability of infancy, lunacy, coverture, or
being beyond seas. To those parties an additional period
of ten years was given, to enable them to claim their
rights. Provision was also made with respect to advowe
sons. It was quite obvious that the limitation of 20
years could not apply to that valuable species of property,
because the right to the advowson could not be contested
until a vacancy occurred. It was therefore provided that
no action should be brought for the recovery of any ad-
voweon after three incumbencies, if, taken together, they
amounted to the full period of 60 years; and if they did
not extend to that number, then, after the expiration of
such further time as, with the time occupied by the in-
cumbencies would make up a period of 60 years; and in
no case could an advowson, under the provisions of this
Bill, be recovered after 100 years. The Bill was founded
on an acknowledged principle of English law, which had
been acted on for 600 or 700 years, but had never been
r,duced to perfect consistency; and the object of the
measure, the outlines of which be had stated, was to cor-
rect the inconsistencies and anomalies which at present
pervaded the system,
Lord WYNFORD suggested, as this was a Bill of much
importance, that it should not be committed until Thurs-
day next.
The Earl of ELDON (who was scarcely audible) was
understood to say he would give the Bill his best conside-
ration. When he looked to the measures then before that
and the other House of Parliament, having for their ob-
ject most extensive alterations in the existing laws, it
appeared to him that professional men, if those measures
were carried, would have to begin their legal studies orcf

2. Premiums may be paid in a limited number of an-
nual sums, instead of by annual payment for the whole of
life; the policy continuing to participate in profits after
the payment of such premiums has ceased.
3. The Assurance or Premium Fund is not subject to
any charge for interest to Proprietors.
4. Permission to pass to Continental Ports between
Brest and the Elbe inclusive.

5. Parties (including Of of the Army, Navy, East
India Company, and Merchant Service) may he assured to
reside in cir proceed to all parts of the world, at premiums
calculated on real data.

6. Claims to be paid within three months.
7. The Assured may dispose of their Policies to the
Company.
8. No charge but for Policy Stamps.
The Prospectus, Tables of Rates, &e., to be had at the
Office in London, or of the Company's Agents.
T. G. CONYERS, Secretary.

0/.....,‘,)
_,.
/1...
---- . i,, •
./-Alq
4k):21-'''':- ‹.." 4111'' ./
.- . ..c
An)
4,-;.,
4:,.....4
__:.44&,,: -.4,...,,,,, , ,
--,-,111-.1, - 4. -,•••
R ..-,--
.„-- -...,:-,- —., ,
,----'slr ~ m-';‘,
-- ,- • —:-3 ' ...: .
~.4. -,0,-..,..--..„,,,,,z4
( 4
,t 4 ;,..„.... , ,:,,,, ,:, , ,N. -:7-,-ig 4-I ' 4P--,
•,,, tin4...,,,,,i___. ~ • 40,40„,„„, I, 144".
\ ' ''''.t.,:rsoilei
-0,
n..,' •2s. ...i.
'.'o:,' sg<-4 ....:}`,14,:-. -',.. ,z,,, , , •
~.4, . k t.
\ '.:., • „ --:. 1 j )t;ll,_ i ji, r Sir- ;"--- ''''.--..-:,--c-r,
-,'...---: ~- )$:
~,-.4. i_ ~.;- -
__,------<4,., t.. 44, ,• . -,.,,
.-.•,..21, -
.....-, -----„Ny.--_, -.7> &;;,' '''` ,''', •-• 0/7----
--.
~v,_.-----':.; A*; 11,i,-._21,,10t
..,4L k- .'•%,_ --,;:' 1,
c„ 1, N, ° liIlls,: 1/;l7‘
-----:.......› '-...:22-.''''-:•••••• .:;:t.,:.....-- - -‹_(-) - I l'('--1' '

Mr. W. WYNN was satisfied with the explanation
which had been given ; but he submitted whether, al_
though the House might safely excuse the return of the
offieer in the present insigne*, it would ■ot be advisable to

I D.)

again. Sa numerous were the alterations contemplate
with respect to landed property, that it would be son•
necessary, when a eendeman went to amuse himself n
his estate in Cie country, to take an expert solicitor and o
clever barrister with hint to inspect his title deeds, and
ascertain the validity of his rights. The Noble Lord made
some allusion to the proposed alteration in the law of
debtor and creditor, but his observation did not reach the
gallery.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said every opportunity
would he given for discussing this very important measure.
He contended that it was proper that some period of limi-
tation should be fixed, and there were abundant reasons for
confining that period to 20 years. Whateve► objection
could he alleged against the provisions of the Bill had itet.
ter, in his (Tinian, be discussed in Committee. He con!
assure his Noble and Learned Friend that the owners o
estates might still pursue their rural woo:serpents, without
any dread of their titles being affected by measures that
were in progress either in that House or elsewhere.
The present Bill would evidently have the effect of
making conveyances cheaper and titles more secure.
He would say one word in vindication of the proeeed-
logs of his Majesty's Goyermnent with reference to a
measure to which his Noble and Learned Friend had al-
ludad, and which had been recently introduced elsewhere.
The subject to which that Mil related was opened shortly
and generally by him to that House a year or two a; o
when he presented the report of the Cormnissioners on
whose me ramend.tion it proceeded. He had, indeed, di-
rected their Lordships' attention generally to the subject
ven before the report was pr. seated. The Bill, he ad.
!flitted, would affect a variety of important interests ; and,
therefore, he wished that it should be discussed, but not
passed through, this session. The report of the Comm's-
sinners, containing much important information, was now
before the community at large, but he feared that the
public had not paid sufficient attention to the subject, and
that it was not generally understood. He, therefore, was
desirous that it should be brought more clearly before the
public by di,:cussio❑ in Parliament. It was a measure that
interested debtors as well as creditors, hymen as well as
lawyers ; and he hoped, important as it was, that before
the next session of Parliament the public attention would
be effectually drawn towards it by the ample discussion
which it would undergo. His Noble and Learned Friend
seemed to think that the five Bills then before the House,
having for their objects certain alterations in the law,
were to be taken up all at once rather than individually.
No such thing was intended. One of them had been
opened that evening, and a few days hence another of
them would be detailed to their Lordships. They cer-
tainly would not be taken up in a mass.
After a few words front Lord LYNDHURST and the Earl
of ELDON,
Tire LORD CHANCELLOR said he understood some-
thing had taken place in the other House of Parli intent,
with reference to the Bill to which the Noble and Learned
Lord had referred, which be thought it necessary to men-
tion. He understood that the Learned Solicitor-General
had stated that it was not his wish to press the measure
in the present session ; but he was now informed, that,
as there appeared to be a concurrence of opinion in fa-
vour of his going o❑ with the Bill this session, his Hon.
and Learned Friend had, in some sort, agreed to take that
course. His ow❑ opinion, however, was that the Bill
had not undergone sufficient discussion, and that it would
be better if it were allowed so stand over.
The Limitation of Actions Bill was then ordered to be
committed on Thursday.

On the motion for going into Committee on the Pay
ment of Debts Bill,

Lord ELDON made several observations on that men.
sure, as well as on the Dower and Curtesy Bille, but
they were not beard in the gallery.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said it would be as well,
perhaps, to postpone this discussion. His Noble and
Learned Friend stated his opinion on those subjects, he-
cause he had not an opportunity of doing so in Court.
No man lamented more than he did that his Noble and
Learned Friend had not an opportunity of going into
Court at ten o'clock every morning, and hearing these ads
well as others equally amusing subjects discussed at length.
Lord LYNDHURST said it was absolutely necessary
that an alteration should be made in the law for recover-
ing debts on real property. A case had been tried before
him that morning in which the debt sued for was only
641., and the costs were 1,2001.
Committee postponed to Thursday.—Adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, JUNE 14.
The Se:cal:ea resumed his seat at five o'clock.
AIESSAGE FROM THE LORDS.
A message from the Lords announced that their Lord-
ships had agreed to several private B Ifs ; a request was
communicated from their Lordships that this House would
afford them a copy of the report of the Committee that
sat upon the Bank Charter last session, and also a copy of
the minutes of evidence taken before that Committee.
The messengers were informed that the House would
send an answer by messengers of their own.
Captain CHETWYND presented a petition from Staf-
ford, for the abolition of slavery.
Mr. KENNEDY gave notice, that next cession he
would move for have to bring in a Bill to alter the laws
relating, as we understood, to interest for the loan of
money ; also that, on the 271 h instant, he would move
for leave to hying in a Bill to regulate the election of ma-
gistrates in borouehs and corporate towns.
Mr. O'CONNELL wished to put a question to the
Right Hon. the Secretary for the Home Department, re•
lative to the case of a boy who was brought before a
magistrate. It was reported in the newspapers, that
the magistrate in question had stated, as ki,
reason for committing the boy to prison, that his
father had interfered in his behalf. That statement
had gone the round of the papers, and had been much
commented on. He thought that if it were true that the
Magistrate had so stated, it would be necessary to bring the
subject before the House.
Air. LAMB said he hail seen the statement in the news-
papers, and, in consequence, he had thought it his duty to
make some inquiry into it. The Magistrate informed
him that he had not used the language attributed to him;
but that all he observed was, that the lather would have
done better not to have supported his son in the course he
was pursuing.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. O'CONNELL said be had seen a statement in the
newspapers of what be said respecting an officer (Capt.
Lucas) who commanded at the affair of Middletown. He was
represented to have said that the soldiers had been ordered
to fire, not on the people near them but on those at a
distance, but he had since been informed that that gentle.
man had behaved with the greatest forbearance and
humanity, and that there was not the slightest reason to
impute anything of a contrary nature to him. The Hon.
and Learned Gentleman then begged to ask the Noble Lord
(Althorp) whether, when the Commission was appointed
to examine into the subject of poor laws for Ireland, he
would consent to have on that commission some persons
connected with Ireland—in fact to make it a mixed com-
mission of Englishmen and Irishmen.
Lord ALTHORP said, the Commission had not yet
been appointed, but it certainly was his intention that
some persons connected with Ireland should be on it,
and that the principal person on it should be con-
nected with that country.—(Hear,, hear.) He could assure
the Hon. and Learned Member that the only desire the
Government hid was that the inquiry should be per-
fectly impartial.—(Hear.)
Mr. HUME hoped that a proper record would he
kept of the proceedings of that Commission, and that the
places for their visits would not be selected as those for
visite of the factory commissioners had been.
C done! CONOLLY gave notice that in case the borough
of Carrickfergus should be disfranchised, he should move
to bring in a Bill to transfer the representation to Stra-
bane and Lifford, in the county of Tyrone.
Mr. LITTLETON hoped the House would permit him
to allude to the order which had been issued to require the
attendance of the Under Sheriff of the county of Stafford
at the bar of the House this evening. The writ was
properly in the custody of a gentleman named Keane,
who, be understood, intended to have been in town with
it on Monday morning, which was the proper time; but
being taken ill on Sunday, Mr. Keane did all that was in
his power, by foemarding it to his agent in town, and it
arrived too late to be lodged in proper time. Tbat he
(Mr. Littleton) understood to be the fact, and as far as he
was personally concerned he was satisfied.—(Hear.) He
therefore hoped that, under these circumstances, the House
would discharge the order for the attendance of the
Under Sheriff.
