HOP INTELLIGENCE.

SOUTHWARK, OCT. 7.—Our Hop Market has been rather
dull the last two or three days ; the best sa►nples support their
prices, but the middling sort (particularly Bags) are unsale-
able. FOr prices we refer to our last week's quotation.

VfIEOIIY OF TiIUNDEIC AND LlGHTNlNG.Phi-
losophers are now agreed that the cause of thunder is the same
with that which produces the ordinary phenomena of electricity.
So great indeed is their resemblance, that thunder and lightning
cannot be regarded as any other than a grand species of electri-
city naturally produced without the feeble eflOrts of art. This
fluid is, probably, at all times diffused through the whole at-
mosphere, either, in a greater or smaller degree, and is oc,
casionnally, rendered perceptible to our senses by a certain
concurrence of natural circumstances. A cloud in a thun-
der storm may be regarded as a great conductor, actually
insulated and electrified, and it may be supposed to
have the same effect upon the non-electrics which it
meets with in its course, as the common conductors have
upon such as are presented to them. If, then, a cloud
of this description meets with one which is either not elec-
trified or less so than itself, the electric matter flies off from all
parts towards this cloud. Hence proceed flashes of lightning
and the formidable report of thunder. Thunder-storms, says
Beccaria, generally happen when there is little or no wind, and
their first appearance is marked by one dense cloud or more, in-
creasing very fast in size, and rising into the higher regions of
the air ; the lower surface black and nearly level, but the upper
finely arched and well defined. Many of these clouds scent
frequently piled one upon another, all arched fn the same man,
ner ; but they keep continually uniting, swelling, and extending
their arches. While the thunder cloud is swelling and extend-
ing its branches over a large tract of country, the lightning is
seen to dart from one part of it to another, and often to illumi-
nate its whole mass. When the cloud has acquired a sufficient
extent, the lightning strikes between the cloud and the earth, in
two opposite places, the path of the lightning lying through the
whole body of the cloud and branches. The longer this light-
ning continues, the more rare the cloud grows, and the less dark
in its appearance, till at lenght it breaks in different places and
displays a clear sky. A wind always blows from the plac,e
whence a thunder cloud proceeds, and the wind is more or less
violent in proportion to the sudden appearance of the thunder
cloud, the rapidity of its expansion, and by the velocity with
which the adscititton of such a prodigious quantity of vapour is
occasioned, the air must be displaced and agitated on all sides,

'r II E LONDON JQURNALS.

EXTRACTS FROM THE DAILY MORNING PAPERS,.

October' 9, 1822.

[MORNING POST.]
At a'late hour last night we received by Ex-
press French Papers to the 7th inst. They are
totally silent respecting.the affairs of Greece; and
the Austrian Observer, instead of repeating its
confident assertions that the contest in the Morea
was at an end, or continuing to carp at the ac-
counts of Grecian victories now generally believed,
bad fotind it convenient, down to the 26th ult. to
discard the subject altogether. The Quotidienne
'asserts, on the authority of a private letter of the
!27th ult. from Vienna, that the Congress was to
open its sittings at Verona on the 18th inst. and
to close them on the 25th of November, and that
'the Emperor Alexander -would be back in his
capital on the 25th -of Dec. It adds, that Mr.
Gordon, the British Resident at Vienna, had been
sent to meet the Duke of Wellington at Munich,
And'to request his Grace to change the director
of his course, and to repair at once to Verona, as
the Allied Sovereigns would depart for that city
on the Ist of October. Lord Strartgford had
reached the Austrian capital from Constantinople
on the morning of the 27th ult. and had brought
strong assurances that the affairs of the East
(Turkey and Greece) were on the eve of com-
plete pacification. What his Lordship under-
stands by pacification is not explained ; but if he
means the peace that follows Turkish conquest, it
w ill be similar to that with which the Romans stand
charged by one of their own historians," Übi soli-
tudinem faciunt, pacem appellant,"—it will be
that of desolation and the grave, After communi-
cating these particulars, which are new and not
devoid of interest, the writer indulges in bne of
those Ultra anticipations, which it is the invari-
able policy of that party to give, not as the ex-
pression of a wish, but as the statement of a fact.
He says, 64 The situation of Spain seems parti-
cularly to attract the attention of the Sovereigns.
An unanimous accord exists on that point be-
tween all the Cabinets; but it is at Verona only
that the measures which will restore order and
tranquillity in that country are to be adopted."
We trust that a few weeks will shew, that an
" accord," the effect and object of which would
be, not to restore order, but to encourage insur-
rection and civil war,—not to revive tranquillity,
but to re-enthrone superstition and despotism,
has really no existence.

[MORNING CHRONICLE.]
It is currently reported that Lord Melville
has been actually appointed Governor-General
of India, while, on the other hand, it is also al-
leged that Lady Melville expresses much reluct-
ance to proceed to the East, and,that the Court
of Directors wait her Ladyship's final decision
before they publicly announce their choice. It
is, however, understood that Lord Melville's ap-
pointment would be very acceptable to the pre-
vailing interest in India affairs.

It is, we presume, in the recollection of fife
public, that the 41ast time the subject or West
Indian Piracies was brought before the House
of Commons, previous- -to the Prorogation,
the late Marquis of Londonderry stated,
that negociations were pending with Spain,
with a view to the adoption of such means as
might effectually put down the atrocious ma-
rauders who have been so disgracefully allowed
to ravage our-shipping in the West Indies, and
particularly in the neighbourhood of Cuba, We
MOW understand that the negociations have been
attended with the wished-for success, so much so,
indeed, that the Spanish Constitutional Govern-
ment has permitted us to take such steps in any
part of the territdry or possessions over which it
still claims sovereignty, as may be necessary for
the protection of our commerce, This circum-
stance, it is said, will serve to explain the follow-
ing article which we published i❑ our Ship News
on the Ist instant :

" FALMOUTH, SEPT. 28.—Arrived his Majesty's ships
:Medway and Seringapatam from Portsmouth ; and sailed again
on secret service, with sealed orders." _ _

• It will be found, we believe, that the " secret
service" on which these ships have been sent, is
no other than the extermination of the Pirates at
Cape St. Antonio, and that they are empowered
to take possession of all places which have become
the haunts of those freebooters in that quarter.—
We are also informed that Sir William Acourt's
mission to Madrid, and the friendship between
the two Courts which it indicates, are not uncon-
nected with the foregoing concession. In that
case it remains to be seen what arrangement has
been made with Spain respecting the recognition
of South American Independence ; for Ministers
certainly gave Parliament to understand that this
most important subject was included in the nego-
ciations already, noticed.---(lbid.)

[THE TIMES.]
We publish from an American Paper the ac-
count of a Meeting held at Boston—(See another
column of THE SuN)—the object of which is to
accelerate the suppression of the Slave Trade.—
The method proposed is that of colonization ; or,
in other words, the transmitting back to the coast
of Africa and there settling the redundant black
population of those States of the Union iu which
slavery is practised. We really do not understand
enough of the details of this plan, either to re-
commend or disapprove of its adoption ; bnt we
are sure that the more the subject of the slave
trade is discussed, the more widely will its atro-
city be understood, the more generally will
those engaged in it be subjected to odium, and,
of consequence, the more speedily will its ex-
tinction take place.

The Commander of the first moving column of
Lower Arragon had sent a courier to the Govern-
ment, announcing the complete defeat of 1,200
insurgents, commanded by gambla and Capape,
after a conflict of six hours. The battalions of
Galicia, Xeres, and of the Crawn, sailed on the
18th from Algesiras for Catalonia. News had
reached Madrid of Mina's departure from
Lerido on the 13th, with 4,000 infantry, 800
cavalry, and twelve pieces of artillery. It was
said that the members of the Regency were
making dispositions for retreating into France,—

The Baron cl'lrolles tad atttemted to introduce
a slight degree of discipline into the insurgent
force of Catalonia, but great numbers imme-
diately abandoned the colours of the Faith, and
dividing into small parties, delivered themselves
up to theft and pillage. On the part of the Go-
vernment at Madrid, great activity is apparent
in taking measures for suppressing the insurrec-
tion. Several Officers of the Staff 11'0 left Ma-
drid on the 22d, for the sth and 6th military,dis-
tricts, bearing peremptory orders to the Generals
commanding in those Provinces, that within 24
hours %OW troops should march from each of
them • for Catalonia. All the accounts received
in the capital portend the downfall of the insur-
rection. From Biscay, Navarre, Arragon, and
Catalonia, dispatches were daily arriving of the
successes of the Constitutionalists, though, as the
battles fought were frequently on an extremely
small scale, the Guerilla warfare being resorted
to by both parties, they led to nothing deci-
sive.----(lbid.)

[BRITISII PRESS.]
It is stated in a Paper of yesterday that the
attendance of -the Duke of Wellington at Con-
gress will be mere matter of etiquette ; that his
Grace will deliver a communication with which
he is charged ; but that he will take no part in
the conferences. This indeed would be letting
down the Great Captain of , the age with a ven.
geance ! An ordinary courier dispached to the
Marquis of Londonderry would answer the pur-
pose equally well. If it be meant that his Grace
will take no efficient or inUuential part in the
conferences, we acquiesce in the statement, be-
cause we believe the Sovereigns will have their
own way, and that it will be only for his Grace
to give his assent to their determination. We
are not aware that the late Marquess of London-
derry did more at the Congress of Vienna, and
we do not expect more from his successor at
Verona.

The new Constable Act, one of the legislative
measures of last Session for improving the inter-
nal state of Ireland, will soon be carried into
effect. Its operation will be confined to the
province of Munster, the scene of the present
outrages. Major Wilcocks has been placed at
the head of the Magistrates and Constables em-
ployed under the Act in that province. One of
the Papers asserts, that in the distribution of
place under it, Government has abandoned all
idea of patronage; and that merit will be the only
title admitted to an appointment of any rank
whatever. This promise at the outset will pro-
bably be fulfilled : we hope it may never be

[NEW TIMES.]
The approaCh of the period for holding the
Congress naturally awakens political specula-
tion and political intrigue; and we observe that
the occasion is laid hold of by some of our co,
temporaries to create a distrust in this country of
the present French Ministers. It is obscurely
thrown out that some of those Ministers are
for invading Spain, and that M, de Villele,
the President of the Council, with difficulty
resists this project—that England is not entirely
in accord with the French Government relative
to Spain—that the Duke of Wellington's in-
disposition is feigned, and that he uses this
artifice for the extraordinary purpose of obtain-
ing an interview with the Emperors of Austria
and Russia previously to holding any communi-
cation Ivith any one of the French P,lenipoten-
tiaries !—To add to this mystification, The Times,
the very Paper which contained the infamous
Private Correspondence of 1818, charging all M.
de Villele's friends with the most horrible trea-
son, now inserts a long and laboured article, in,
sidiously praising this same M; de Villele,

[MORNING fl FR AIM.]
It appears that some shocking outrages have
recently been committed in the south of Ireland.
The Irish Journals menace humanity with the
renewal of the system of horror and desperation
which lately prevailed in that ill-starred part of
the Empire ; and some of the Irish Magistrates—.
at least, some who figure under the title of Magis-
trates—as correspondents of the Newspapers,
talk of a renewed rebellion, We venture, how-
ever, to say, that „hese outrages are merely
deplorable in themselves, rather• than alarm-
ing as to the nature. The Irish are ac-
customed to magnify these things some
from a certain pomposity of language—others
from a desire to have some occasion to be
busy in the train of the Government, though
they merely trudge at its tail on foot, and in the
dirt. Accounts selected from such sources, and
gathered as they appear into a sort of bouquet
in the English Papers, naturally excite in the
mind of the English reader a feeling of alarm be-
yond reason, and a credulous confidence in the nar-
rators, who represent this repetition of outrage as
the result of systematic organization. W hen the
peculiar description of the crimes is considered,
their origin is easily perceived. The cases, in
which men's lives and dwellings have been at-
tacked, are so very few, that they do not ex-
ceed the melancholy but natural average, in an
extensive district, where the elements of so-
ciety are so disunited, and the sense of justice
and sanctions of law so imperfect and fee-
ble. The remaining—that is, the great ma-
jority of the outrages, are burnings chiefly of
tithe property, in the hands of the Clergy, or of
laymen who had purchased it. Now the simple
solution of this eruption of outrages, the result of
momentary exasperation, is, that the present is
the season, when the tithes in kind, or in money,
are delivered to the clergyman by his parish-
ioners. We are far from palliating the guilt of
the offenders ; we merely attribute it to its true
cause—the pressure of a grievance acknowledged
on all hands, by the Governments both of
this country and of Ireland. The latter, even last
Session, brought in a Bill on the subject of a
commutation, which unhappily was not carried
into a law. Some of the bigots in Ireland, either
really bigots, or, what is infinitely worse, assum-
ing the mark of bigot zeal, from sordid calcula-
tion, have raised a cry that the Irish peasantry
have formed a conspiracy against the Church, and
that these outrages are the commencement of its
execution.

SUPPRESSION' OF THE SLAVE TRADE.

BOSTON, SEPT. 7.—The Adjourned Meeting
on the subject of an Auxiliary Colonization Society, and of
a Society to aid in the Suppression of the Slaie Trade, was
held on Wednesday evening, George Blake, Esq. in the
Chair; Mr. Lewis Toppan, Secretary, in the absence of the
Rev. Mr. Frothingham, who acted as secretary at the previous
meeting. The following report was presented by the Com-
mittee and read, and after an interesting discussion of the whole
subject, was unanimously accepted :
The Committee appointed to consider the expediency of
forming a Society for the purpose of aiding the funds of the
American Colonization Society, or of assisting in the suppres-
sion of the Slave Trade, have paid such attention to the subject
referred to them as the time and their opportunities would per.
mit, and respectfully sumbit the following Report :
" The importance of providing some remedy for the evils
arising from the rapid relative increase of the black population
in some portions of our country is becoming every year more
serious. It is now well known, that where a slave-population
abounds, their ratio of increase is much greater than that of
the people among whom they live. Hence the time cannot be
far distant when their numbers in some of the States, and
their power, will predominate over that of those who hold them
in servitude, unless some mode is devised 'of diminishing their
numbers, or some provision made for removing the surplus
portion of them.
" It was in the expectation of furnishing in some measure a
remedy for these evils, or at least of diminishing their danger,
that the American Society for colonizing the free people of
colour of the United States was established. This society has
been in operation nearly six years, and its affairs appear to have
been conducted with much enterprise and zeal, and, as your
committee believe, in a spirit of enlightened Christian bene-
volence.

" Were the object of the Society extended no farther than to
the colonization of such people of colour in our country as are
already free, or who will become free in the ordinary course of
events, they would not in the view of the committee be such as
to excite that deep interest among us which is necessary to se-
cure a very active operation. It might indeed afford some
advantages to that unhappy people to remove them from their
present degraded state, to a condition more free from tempta-
tions to vice, and more favourable to moral mid intellectual
improvement ; and it would doubtless confer a benefit upoti
the community from which they are taken. And if through the
medium of a colony thus established, the arts of civilized life
and the blesssings of Christianity can be introduced among a
people who are ignorant of both, the good that may be done
may be greatly increased. But the accomplishment of the ob-
jects, valuable as they are, appears too remote and of too
difficult attainment to admit of their enlisting our feelings very
ardently in the cause. Other objects of benevolence press upon
us with more urgent solicitations and more immediate prospects
of usefulness.

" But if, while these purposes are accomplished," the colo-
nization of the free people of colour will aid effectually in the
suppression of the slave trade, so as to lead to the entire aboli-
tion of that detestable traffic, and 4 the same time afford such
encouragement to the emancipation of slaves as to prepare the
why for the gradual extermination of slavery, it would become
an object worthy the attention and assistance of the whole
Christian world.

" That such are the designs and expectations of those who
are most active in managing the concerns of the American Co-
lonization Society, the Committee have the fullest confidence.—
'The Committee are not prepared •to give an opinion how far
these expectations are likely to be realized. If a colony de-
cidedly and actively hostile to the slave-trade can be maintained
on the coast of Africa, and especially if several could be sup-
ported on different parts of that coast much might doubtless be
done to aid cruisers in the pursuit of slave ships, by furnishing
supplies, and by giving information of their places of rendez-
vous. We are also assured that there are proprietors of slaves
who are desirous of emancipating them, and that many will be
thus emancipated as soon as an asylum shall be suitably pre-
pared for them, and the means provided for transporting them
to it.

" We have no means of ascertaining how extensively such a
disposition prevails among the holders of slaves. But there is
reason to apprehend that it is at present limited to a very small
proportion of them. 'The events of the last two or three years
have furnished melancholy proof that the great body of the
people in the slave trade holding States are very little disposed
to.relinquish any of the advantages which their slaves afford
them. That there are exceptions to this feeling, we arefully
persuaded, and we hope there are many. it is only from the
belief, which the Committee very cordially entertain, that the
active members of the American Colonization Society are perfect-
ly disposed to frame their measures with reference to the entire
suppression of the slave trade, and to a gradual and prudent
but'complete emancipation of those now held in slavery, that we
can regard the Society as having any claim upon the sympathy
or assitance of the people of New England.
" At the same time there arc other modes by which assistance
can be given towards suppressing the slave trade, without losing
sight of the objects which have been mentioned.
A society is particularly needed to aid prosecuting those
who are concerned in carrying on this trade. By combining
the influence and exertions of its members, this purpose may
be accomplished much more effectually than it can be by indi-
viduals alone.

" The Committee would therefore respectfully recommend,
that a society be formed for the general purpose of assisting in
the suppression of the slave-trade,—that a subscription be
opened to provide funds for the proposed society,—and that
the government of the society be fully authorized to make such
a disposal of the funds as they shall judge most conducive'
to the object of its institution. If, on further attention to
the subject, the managers of the society shall be satisfied
that the operations of the American Colonization Society are
favourable to the suppression of the slave-trade, they will
be disposed to aid them as far as their finds will permit ; while
they will not neglect any other means that may present them,
selves of accomplishing -that object. As, however, there may
be some who are prepared to contribute at once to the funds of
the American Colonization Society, the committee would pro-
pose that the subscription should be so arranged as to leave it
to the option of each subscriber, either to appropriate the
amount of his subscription directly or indirectly to that object,
or commit it to the disposal of the government of the Society.
" E. HALE, Jun. per Order."

DUEL.—A meeting was appointed to take
place yesterday morning at six o'clock, in Hack-
ney-fields, between Mr. J. C—M, an eminent
builder, an Mr. C—LL, a Gentleman, residing in
the neighbourhood of Hackney. The dispute be-
tween the parties arose out of some building trans-
action, and Ai r. J. C—M feeling himself agrieved,
sent a challenge to Mr. C—LL. The bearer of
the message was informed by Mr. C—LL that
he accepted the challenge, and should be punc-
tual in his attendance, with *his second, at the
time and place appointed, Mr. J. C—at and his
friend cooled their heels yesterday morning from
a little before six till past seven o'clock, and
Mr. C—LL not making his appearance, Mr. J.
C---m fired his pistol in the air, and threatened
to horsewhip M. G—Lr. the first time he could
meet him !

EARTHQUAKE.—Wednesday night, the 3d of
April, about 20 minutes past 10 o'clock, an
earthquake was felt at Calcutta. There was no
violent shock, but the undulations lasted upwards
of two minutes, and agitated the oil in the wall
lamps considerably, and the motion of the earth
occasioned a similar dizziness to that produced
by the motion of a ship. The earthquake, in
was universally
fclielat'erntientlteg
the town.
w'n.of li'nhtreenesivtye'ry distinct shocks
were recognized, and the atmosphere was very
unusual for such awful visitations, the day being
cool, and the afternoon far from sultry. The
shock was also felt at Conullah, Berhampoor,
and Jessore, but no accident of any kind oc-
curred,
