REFORM IN PARLIAMEST.

The Friends of Reform jeste'rday dined toge-
ther at the City of London Tavern ; and a more
numerous company of gentlemen seldom met to-
gether on any former public occasion. Long be-
fore the hour at which it was announe.ed that
dinner would be placed upon the table, the room
was completely filled• and many individuals who
arrived late Were either obliged to -retire altoge-
ther, or to stand during the time that the rest of
the company were dining. At 6 o'clock the
Loan MAYOR entered the room amid consider-
able cheering, preceded 'by several of the
stewards. Ile was accompanied by the following
gentlemen :

J. G. Lambton, Esa., M.P.; S.C. Whitbread, Esq. ALP.;
Lord Bury, M.P.; Lord Nugent, M.P. ;- Sir R. Heron, M.P.;
T. Coke, Esq., M.P. ; Sir R. Fergussorl, M.P. ; Jon Gam
flobhouse, Esq., ALP. ; -H. Curwen, Esq. M.P. ; Fyshe Pa:-
mer, Esq., M.P. ; Joseph Hume, .Esq., ?M.P. ; Wyvill,
Esa., M.P.; R. Chaloner, Esq., M.P.; Dr. Lt:iihink,--ton,
Ar.P. ; Colonel . Davies, M.P. ; the. Hon. T. Duni:l/4s, ALP. ;
W. Honywood, Esq., M.P. ; J. Martin, Esq., M.P. ; a.
Sykes, Esq., M.P. ; James Scott, Esq., M.P. ;_ J. M. Barrett,
' Esq., M.P. • P. Moore, Eq... M.P. ; Edward Ellice, Esq.,
M.P.; W. James, Esq„ M:P, ; the Hon. H. Hutchinsor4
; D. Ricardo, Esq., M.P., and .his son ; J. B. Morck,
Esq., - M.P. ; Sir Robert Wilson, M.P. ' • Alderman Wood,
M.P. • W. Smith, Esq., M.P. ; Sir G. Robinson, ; the
Hon. br. Bennet, M.P. ; Sir C. Monc.k, Colonel Jones, Colonel
Johnson, Colonel Torrens Sfi. Petre,:Esq. ; J. S. Duncombl,
I
Esq. ; W. Maude, Esq., 11r. Sheriff Wait-I
-man.
The Loan MAyba was in the Chair.—After
7dinner,mas concluded, the..first toast 'that 'was
given was-7, .

" The Kin:6. and may he 'recolleit his own (.I:cla:4?.tiat. tlut
the Crown is 'held in trust for•the benefit of the pecpL."
Tune—" Hope told a flattering tale."
Toast-" The 'Queen,"- with three time thrze, wEid: wait
drunk with great applause.
Toast-" The People, the only. source of legitimate powar,"
was drank with similar marks of apprOhation.
.T he Cif. ,tfaAN said, it now became his duty
to propose a toast, which would bring him to the
.more immediate business 'of the day ; and in
doing so, be could not but regret:that some other
individual of more talent and ability than bier:se:l'
had not been called to the Chair. lie -felt con.
vinced that the country hart-arrived at a new era
in Reform, and he could not but congratulate the
friends of ~Parliamentary Reform, when he saw
around him a body of Gentlemen, of whom it
Might be truly said, that an assemblage more dis-
tinguished for rank and talent, had never yet
met under one roof.—(Applause.)—lt must be
Cheering to every heart which looked forward to
the period when reform might:at length be ex-
pected to take place to see ,it so supported on
the present occasion. He would pot attempt .to
go' nto the merits of the .great question upon
which they were assembled, or .of the censtik-
tional subjects connected with it„.because no men
Were better acquainted than..themselves, both
with the valne of the Constitution,..and the great
importance Of Parliamentary Reform. He would
venture only to make a very..feri. observations,
Which he felt to be necessary to the discharge of
the . duty which bad devolved npol him. He
believed it would be-acknowledged that the dif-
ference between a free and a ,despotic Govern-
! ment depended upon whether the people were
or .were not represented, and that in propor-
Mon, as the:people were represented, so far
might the. governMent under Which they -lived
be regarded as free. Our own :was a mixed
Government, and While' the peciple were .relne
sented in the
,Ileuse of, Commons,'and that body
acted , a constitutional che4„pon the other
branches of. the Legislature, so long it might. be
considered a free Qovernment. 1 t was because
they did not conceive that constitutional control
to be screffiFtent as it ought to be, that they called
for a Reform in the Representation of the pedple.
There were many instances, and some of A very
recent date, in which the opinions of the House
of Cornmons not only did not coincide with,-;but
were directly opposed to the opinions of the peo
pie. But even if those opinions should fora time
coincide with the sentiments of the people, wha,
security had they, without a Reform in Parlia-
ment, that they would continue to coincide
their) ? He felt it quite unnecessary. to address th-rn
at any length, when he considered their own in-
formation on this subject, and the abilities of those
gentlemen who now surrounded him, and wile
came to support the great cause of Reform with.
all that warmth and zeal, which gave the strook
est assuiaoce 'of its success.--(Applause.)--He
was about
,to propose the name of. an Honourable
Gentlemap, who would shortly Ilriag forward
this great-question in the House of Commons, and
from whose exertions they had .every thing to
hope that rank and talent, and an ardent Zeal for
the constitutional liberties of the. people could
afford., The' Right Honourable Chairman. con-
cluded by proposing the health of "George
larnbtOn, Esq. and a full, fair, and equal Repro-
sentation. of the People in the Cornmons!..Hotts?
of Parliament." The toast haviug been dram
with enthusiastic applause,
Mr. LAMBTON' rose to return thanks. lie as-
sured the Meeting, that if he twilled any iacen-
tive to the performance of the arduous and im-
portant task 'Which was ire poled upon h:m, and
to which allusion had been mule by the Rielt
lion. Chairman in much too tlattering terms, he
should have found it in the very favourable tes-
timonies of their approbation which he -had just
received. Conscious of his own. inadequacy to
discharge so important a duty, and to bring for-
ward a: question upon, which alone the future
happiness and prosperity of England depended,
he, could not but,feel grateful for any manifesta-
tion of public opinion, from which 'he derived the
cheering hope that .his efforts would be appre-
ciated by the motives which actuated them, and
not by any want of ability with which they might
be enforced. He Was sure that it was far from
his. wish to place himself conspicuously forward
on.this-question, when there were so many others
.better qualified on all accounts to fill that station
but when. he saw this great question neglected
.yeai after, year, when he saw no individual con-
nected with the party .with which he had the
happiness to act, come forward to assert the rights
of the people, when he saw every species of cor-
ruption unblushingly avowed and protected in
Parliament—above all, when he saw that atro-
cious massacre in Manchester—(Loud applause)
—passed over in utter and contemptuous silence
in that House, where the complaints of the peo-
ple ought to be solemnly registered, and their
wrongs redressed—when he saw the presecutions

which irere'afterwards carried on in Contempt
and defiance of the public opinion, and that the
ciniilille- , clasies which formed the sinews of so-
,
ciety, joined ill the general cry for that Reform,
ivithont which the country' could not be saved.—
lie'reSolved to propose • to Parliament and the
country a plan of Reform, which might in its
principle rneetyith the concurrence Of the friends
of Ifberty• and independence in every part
of 'the' country. -Whether his anticipations
would' be ftilfilled or_not, he could not tell ; but
he confessed he was'inclined. to agree with the
- Lord' Mayor that the present meeting afforded
the strongest hopes of that Unanimity and con-
cord among the friends of Reform; which it had
always been the great object df their enemies,
-1176 .corruptionists, to prevent. He was sure they
wanlii not call upon him to state particnlarly the
• cletaila Ofthe measure which it Was his intention
to.peopose—(Ct:ies of " No ! no ;")-Llle would
raer.ly state, that he proposed to extend the
elective franchise to all who contribUted to that
taxation .which supported the expenditure of the
country ; and he felt convinced that the effect
of .g:v:tg a vote to every housekeeper. would be
the complete abolition of the corrupt borough
system. By the addition of so large a number
of Constituents, everY. attempt on the part of the
owners of boroughs; or of Ministers to corrupt
them, would be cOtnpletely.defeatea—(Applause.)
—lt was his intention also to propose a more fre-
quent communication between the Representa-
tive and his Con;titnents by means of Triennial
Parliaments. He was aware that. there were
other Gentlenien who entertained sincere and
toit'scientiousdifferences of opinion, and who ad-
vOcated the propriety of a more extended change
, in the. system 'of representation. He attacked
not such opinions, but be 'could not acknowledge
their. force. He 'respected the goodness of -in-
tention by which those who entertained them
Were actuated, but he doubted._ whether they
could lead to any practical benefit. He wished
only for.such a Reform as was founded upon the
rights and privilegeS enjoyed by our, ancestors—
as was called. for by justice and expediency—as
was capable of a safe, efficient and practical ap-
plication—(Applause.)lre believed the neces-
kity of Reform became more apparent every day,
nay, every hour, to the people of this country.
Every day laid bare some-new corruption of the
}rouse of Commons, which converted even the
". blind bigotry of their supporters,-by making them
feel in their own persons and property the effects
of that system, which they were willing to sup-
port, as long as they themselves were-untouched.
The same spirit of inquiry and reformation, which
animated the people of this country, was strug-
' glimg to break through the dark bonds of slavery
on the Continent, though he feared the glorious
rays of intelligence were for a time intercepted
.bv the gloomy interposition of those Despots of
Europe, .who, assuming to themselves the name
and
_attributes of the Divinity, exercised the
-poWers, and Were. endowed with the malignant
feelings of the eternal enemy 'of mankind—( Loud
applause.)—This baseand odious conspiracy of the
Despots of the North might for a moment repress
the rising energies of continental intelligence, but
,te,would.appeal to the experience of history,
whether that system could be permanently
supported in which the living, animated, growing
intelligence of ages was attempted to be joined in
an unnatural alliance with the putrid and mould-
ring corpse of legitimate corruption.—(Continued
applause.)—Such a state of things could not con-
tinue ; submission purchased by force or treach-
ery was never lasting, and they might confident-
ly expect that the day of triumph would be
eventually enjoyed by the friends of liberty on
"tbe•Continent. He begged to return his sincere
thanks to the meeting for the Very flattering
manner in which his name had been Associated
with 'those of the best friends of Reform, and to
.assure them, before he sat down, that he felt it
to 1)e, one of the happiest and proudest moments
.of.his life, when he saw himself surrounded by
sich respectable, such intelligent, and such en-
.stic• friends of Refi;rm. The Honourable
Gentleman sat down amidst loud and continued
"chee'ring.
The Ctrayatarax then stated, that he had re-
ceived aletter from Mr. I3yng; alleging indispo-
sition as the cause .of his absence, and proposed
" The health of S. C. Whitbread, Esq. C. S. Le-
. fevre; Esq. and the Reformers of the County of
?vliddleses."
Mr. S. WHITaR.E.ID returned thanks. The Re-
forMers, he said, were frequently accused of
-wishing to make innovations in the Constitution.
`-!So.far, however was this charge from being well-
foniided; that• it was rather the wish of the Re-
forMers to correct those • innovations which bad
crespriUto the Constitution through the lapse of
time. They all knew what the people of Eng-
land- cotiftrdO. What one branch of the Legista-
tere cOulchrot dniand another branch of the Le-
. gislature would not do, the people of England
had done—(Applause).;—and he doubted riot
that if they used the same exertions in the cause
of fleforin, they would be followed by the same
results—(Applause). One good effect of the
plan proposed by his Hon. Friend the Member
fo'r Durham would be, that it would tend ma-
terially to diminish the expence of. elections.—
He trusted he should see the 'time when Mem-
her's. of ParliaMent might enter the House'of
• Commons as the Representatives of the people',
and •not the representatives of their own pockets.
lie begged leave to return his sincere thanks for
the honour which had been conferred 'upon him,
- of.-which ,he hoped they would judge. by 'any--
other test than the feeble words hr which 'they
••were conveyed.
Mr. LEFEVRE returned thanks for the honour
which had been conferred upon him in coupling
his name with those of the electors and friends
of reform in the County. of -Middlesex.
The CHAIRMAN next gave " Mr. Alderman
:Wood, Mr. Sheriff Waithman,And net:Leff:inners
ofthe City of London."
-Mr. Alderman' Woon, .in returning' thanks,
stated that he waf labouring. under severe indis:-
position, and' that nothing • could haie induced
him to leateffiS hoMe but his &sire to meet his
-independent fellow'cicizets • and friends on such
an'occasion.
Mr. Sheriff WAITHMAN assured the meeting

that this 'as one of the happiest days in his life;
for though he had, let out early in life as 'a friend
of Reform, he had never yet witnessed a meeting
comprehending so many distinguished indivi-
duals, all seeming desirous of- burying minute
differences of opinion, and directing• their atten-
tion to the great cause ,of Parliamentary Reform.
It had always been the great game of Administra-
tion to.fornent differences among the Reformers
themselves, and he had reason to believe that they
sometimes sent emissaries for the purpose of sow-
ing dissention among them. Such, however, was the
torrent of talent which had poured in upon the
cause of Pailiamentary Reform, and such was the
progress of the human intellect, that it was utterly
impossible that the present system of corruption
could be continued. We had seen a Govern-
ment supported entirely by corruption on the
one hand,.• and .a standing -army on the other :
a Government which, instead of listening to the
complaints and redressing the grievances of the
people, endeavoured to support its unconstitu-
tional doinination by holding the sword over the
heads of the peoPle.=—(Applause.)—lt was im-
possible, however, that this state of things could
go. on. was true, 'that legitimate Govern-
ment required support; its arm should be strong,
but strong in public opinion ;Fits power should be
founded, not in corruption and the sword, but in
the opinions and feelings of the. public. After
some:other observations, the worthy Sheriff con-
cluded by returning thanks for the honour which
had been conferred upon him.
The CHAIRMAN said he was about to propose
the name of a Gentleman who had for 40 years
been the friend Of Freedom and Reform. lie
begged to propose the health of ".Mr: Coke and
the Reformers of Norfolk,"
Mr. COKE rose amidst loud and enthusiastic
cheers. As a. steady and zealous friend of Parlia-
mentary Reform, he had done himself the honour,
he said, of attending this most respectable Meet-
ing. The Lord Mayor had said that he (Mr. C.)
had been in Parliament 40 years. He wished he
could say that he had not been thire much longer;
for he bad, iu fact, been in .Parliainent for up-
wards of 45 -years--(Applause).—He was in
Parliament at the earliest period of the American
War, and was then deemed a rebel for voting
against it--(Applause, and laughter).—He had
continued It reberever since, and many other ap-
pellations had been applied to him, which, he
doubted not, had also been applied to many
Gentlemen whom he had now the honour to ad-
dress. He came into Parliament with a strong
impression upon his mind of the necessity of Re-
form. He had always admired the talents of
Mr. Fox, and he believed that great man had
never had a more consistent supporter than him-
self. That he was a zealous advocate for Reform,
he believed no man could doubt who looked to
his political conduct for the last 45 years ; and,
certainly, the company he had kept in Parlia-
ment; during that time, bad not contributed to
alter his opinions—(much laughter, and ap-
plause).—lf he were in the House of -Commons,
instead of being among this respectable company,
he might perhaps- indulge himself in stating his
opinions somewhat more freely, but he did not
like to speak disrespectfully of people in their
absence, though he must confess he was a little
ashamed of the company he had kept. lie had
represented the county of Norfolk fora long time,
but, as he had often assurecj his constituents, it
was against his own inclinations. He had no
other object in life but the liberty of the people,
—(Applause.)—and if he could see that county
represented by a true Constitutional Whig, he
should r2tire with satisfaction to-that private life
which was most congenial to his feelings. He
had fought many battles in his earlier days for the
liberties and independence of the people, and he
trusted he was still young enough to fight ano-
ther.—(Applause.)—Nothing but. Reform could
save-the country, for the venality and corruption
of the House of Commons had arrived at such a
pass, that the fact could no longer be doubted
or denied, even -by those who were least willing
to admit it. The Hon. Member resumed his seat
amidst loud cheering. .
The CHAIRMAN said, he rose to propose the
health of a known and tried friend of Reform,
who would, have been present had it not been for
a verdict which had been pronounced against him
for writing ti letter to his constituents, in the
sentiments of which the great majority of the peo-
ple cordially conthrred. He had received a letter
from Sir.F. Burdett, which, the Secretary would
DOW read.

The following letter was then read, and
re-
ceived with great applause, mingled with frequent
laughter :=
. . „
Mr LORD, " King's Bench Priscin Aprd 4, 1821.
" You will not, I am sure, doubt the sincerity with which I
express my regret at being- unavoidably detained from the
meeting of this day. My heart is however amongst you, and
my mind altogether in the great cause which you are met to
promote. That rause has been supported by so,. much ability,
acute reasoning and 'profound learning; that it-baffles ingenuity
to offer anything importantly new upon the subject. Nor do I
now take up my pen with the vain hope of doing any thing
more than expressing my respect for the Gentlemen assembled.
Indeed, the question is itselt so plain, and has been so elabo-
rately• set forth and illustrated, that to use the slang of the
Honourable House, the people out of doors, the profane vulgar,
perfectly 'understand it: For in this enlightened age and coun.
try, no one is, I take it, so ignorant as net to know, that to
have is to have, which .4 the whole of the subject; that if what
accjilirei either by. good fortune or the sweat duly brow, ano-
ther can take from me without my own consent, it is not
.my
property, but his; that in that case I am tenant at will; and
that if any Man, or set of men, can make laws to imprison my
person, to which I have never consented, my person is as inse-
cure as my property, in other words,_ that Liberty and Pro-
perty,' the watch-word of our forefathers, are sounds as sense-
less and empty -as the beating of a drum—as
• Soundi
•ng brass-or a tinkling cymbal.'
•••• • * • •
Gentle Men, that Mr. Canning, I mention him as the champion
of the party, a part for the whole, should defend to the utmost
• a•systarn by,the hocutliocuS tricks by which he and his family
• get sainiich public money, can -cause neither me nor any man
suspicien or anger.
•
For 'tis their duty all the learned think,
To eSpodse the cause by which they eat and drink.'
DO I therefore say the House of Commont it corrupt ? Not
indeed,- even though );.should run no risk of being transported—
no such thing ; they are true to the interest of those who
'send theM. The ox knoweth his owner, arid the ass his
master's crib,7 and they at least equal the ox and the ass in
kno*ledge and virtue, and are; moreover, superior to the Jews,
for they do know their Maker. I will, however, boldly adduce
their example,-as proof undeniable, of benefits the people would
derive from appointing their own Representatives, seeing that
these- Gentlemen are ever true tcrtheir own and patron's' inte-
rest. This identity, of interest keeps all sthooth, and the public
may rest assured that the same cause will ever produce the same
effect, and that whenever the public shall-have the appointment
of their own House of Commons, the public expenditure will be
controlled, the public burdens diminished, the public money
applied to public purposes, and the public happiness and pros-

# ■

. .
perity; in other Words; • " Liberty and.Praperty" secured, and
not till then. In the mean time I take this opportunity of ex-
pressing my satisfaction at the cause being in such good hands,
and to add, that the Reformers may `Alwa3.rs command, such as
they are; -my services in-any way :dr situation which they can
'think useful. ...

•,
" I remain, Gentleinan,:pinr"nrost nEetlient,
" I'EANCIS -I3URDETT.I=
The CHAiRMAN: gave the • health of " Sir F.
Burdett; and' success' tO, hiSMotion for an inquiry
into the Manchesfer-,outrage."- The toast was
drank. with acclamations Of. applause.
The CHAIRMAN then proposed the health of
Cf.. C. Hobhouse, Esq." whiCh was drank with
loud and ,general applause. -
Mr. HouuousE said that he could not think it

necessary to echo the general congratulation
which had been expressed by the Gentleman who
had preceded him as to the object and character
of this Meeting.. But there was one topic upon
which he could not avoid uttering the language. of
congratulation, and that was, with respect to the
complete union of. the Reformers which he had
the happiness to witness upon. this occasion.
That union, marking as it did, a forgetfulness of
all minordifferences, and a..resolution to co-ope-
rate in the Purfspit of one important object, which
could only be.attained by unity of action, must
be a source of joy to every man whO sincerely
desired 'its ultithate triumph. l'arliamentary
.Re-
form.could only be obtained through the decisive
lexpression of public opinion, and therefore all its
'advocates must be anxioni to set that opinion in
motion, in order to produce a' due impresSion
upon the House of
,Com Mons; With respect to
his universally respected andesteeined•Colleague,
he wished that some one more Venerable in life,
Or more known to the people. than
.himself, had
stood forward to return thanks for the sense which
the 'Meeting had manifested of his merits. He
should only say, that he fully.participated in the
feelings which the warmest admirers of hiS Hon,
friend must enjoy, upon the manner in which
his health bad been drank.'; and he would
add, that what his Honourable Friend bad
done with his very eminent abilities, he. (Mr.
Ifobhouse) should endeavour to do to the Utmost
of his own.— (Cheers.)—ln pursuit of Reform, he
trusted that the people would never relak in
their exertions, -or be daunted in their determi-
nation. The' people might have been deceived
at times by the advocates of arbitrary power, but
they were very soon undeceived,and God knows,
that of late years something had occurred-almost
every, day to convince them of the absolute ne-
cessity of adopting . Reform. He rose under
considerable disadvantages after the Gentlemen
who had already addressed, the Meeting ; one of
those Gentlemen had been 45 years in the House
of Commons,. during which he stated, that he,
had
.been the uniform advocate
_of Reform, thus
challenging any man to contradict his statement.
No one could,.however, .possibly contradict that
very respectable Gentleman ; and what an im-
portant, advantage had any such veteran over
young politicians, or aspirants to public con-
fidenee, who had little more than 'professions and
promises .to make, too many of which were not
borne out by their subsequent conduct., • For
himself, 'however, he had only to express a hope
that the professionS which he had made to his
Constituents were not unsupported by his votes
in the House of Commons.—(Applause.)—He
had, indeed, followed the course pursued by
the Worthy Baronet with whom he had the ho-
nour to be associated, and his exertions were
mainly directed. to Reform. Of the attainment'
of that Reform he always entertained the.
most ardent IfdpA ; for he had found that cause,
equally triumphant over the hostility of, its pro-
-fessed enemies, and the treachery- of its professed
friends. Indeed, neither the enmity, of Burke,
nor the apostacy of Pitt, had been able to put it
down.. It was.still cherished in ' the hearts of
the people, and the .general; he -might almost
Say (excluding the ranks of corruption) the uni-
versal impression was, that without Reform 'there
was no security for the stability of the . throne,
or for the liberties of the people. But lest the
people should not retain this impression, the Mi-
nisters themselveS seemed to take, care to con-
vince them of the necessity of Reform; by put-
ting them in mind of the subserviency which they
determined to maintain in the House of Com-
mons. A signal instance of the sort 'had occur-
red within a few days, respeCting the dismissal
of a Lord of the Bedchamber, who thought pro-
per to vote' against the Malt Tax, in conformity
with his conscience, and the desires of his. con-
stituents. He (Mr. Ifobhouse) recollected, that
when the Speaker of the House Of Commons, in
1593, applied to the Lord Keeper for the privi-
lege of speech, the agent of Elizabeth answered
"-Yes, Sir, you may have the privilege of "saying
aye Or no." But it 'appeared from the case of the
Noble Lord to whom he referred, that in the pre-
sent days Ministers were not disposed to allow
even so much of privilege to the Members of the
House of Commons. Birta letter of the most
extraordinary character had lately been published
by the • Duke of Newcastle, in which his 'Grace
appeared rather more than a Radical Reformer,
for be stated, that if the Bill in favour of
Catholic Claims should be carried through both
Houses of Parliament,. the King should put his
veto upon it, and (referring rather awkwardly to
the reign of Charles.l.) should appeal to the
sense of the people against the decision of Par-
liament; the Noble Duke adding, that if both
Houses of Parliament should resist the will 'of
the King, he would support his Majesty against
them. The Hon. Member referred to the Motion
of Mr. Pitt in support of Reform, upon 'the 17th
of April, 178 i, and shewed the many additional
forcible arguments in favour of that measure at
the present day, from the -amount of our • Debt,
our Taxes, our Standing Army, as well as from
the increased restraints upon the Freedom of the
Press, and of Public Meetings. Since Mr. Pitt
brought forward his motion this nation had been
condemned to pay 140 millions a year in taxa-
tion, which was equal to half a million a day
upoPi every working day in the year. Surely'
then the Hon. Member for Durham had some-
what stronger arguments to adduce in favour of
Reform, on the 17th instant, than Mr. Pitt could.
bring forward in 1785. There was a 'book
about' to be .published of Lard I'Valdegrave's
Upon the Reign of George the Second, in which
the writer states, that his Majesty said to him

that the people:of. England were eternally
ing .of Constitution, 'Laws, and Liberty'. That
as to the Constitution, he defied any one to
produce a Single instance in which he - had
attempted to invade it—that as to Laws, Par-
liament passed one hundred laws every "Ses-
sion merely for the purpose of breaking them—
and as to Liberty, it was in itself commendable,
hut, that it was singular that the people who de-
sired that liberty, should chobse roher to be the
slaves and dependants ora Duke of Newcastle,
or any other Pswr, than to be the friends and
counsellors of their Sovetisigns. But he hoped
that the people of the present day had .a different
feeling, and were ready to become rather the
friends and counsellors of their King, than the
dependants of any lord ..or lords whatever, espe-
cially in the present state of Parliament. If they
would pursue, this course, aud resolutely go on
in Maintaining Reform, notwithstanding all their
present distress, he. agreed with Milton, that
when the. people engage in the solidest acid sub-
limest points of controverSy,it betakes us, not de-
generated, nor drooping to fatal decay, but cast-
ing offithe, old, wrinkled skin of corruption, to
outlive their pangs and grow young again.7--(Ap-
plausse.) .
Upon the health of cc Sir Robert Wilson and
the Reformers of Southwark" being drank,
Sir RoBEaT tookoccasion, in returning thanks,
to express a wish that the opponents of Reform,
and the defamers. of public meetings had been
present that evening to witness the conduct of
the respectable assembly whom he had the honour.
to address ; for if any thing could make an im-
pression upon their callous minds, such a scene
could not fail to do so. Adverting to the news
from Italy, which had so much surprised and dis-
appointed the friends of liberty, he bad sufficient
intelligencerrom that quarter to assure-him that
all that had been stated was by no means true.
But if this news were even true to the very letter,
that would be no reason with him to indulge
despondency as to the
,success of freedom either
upon the_ContinentOr atshome.. In consequence
of .some rumours. afloat, he thought it, necessary
to state that he had offered. his services. to the
Neapolitans when he heard that the Austrians
were about, to undertake a crusade against their
liberties, not as a Commander, as had been stated,
but in any capacity that might be assigned to
him. As to Reform, he felt it to be essentially
necessary, because; the House of Commons never-
yielded to the ,opinion or interest of the peo-
ple. The concession of Ministers, indeed, in
the case of the Queen, was not the effect of any
apprehension that the Commons would not adopt
the Bill, which they carried to the last stage in
the Lords, but because it was intimated to them,
that if they, pressed that measure, the people
were determined to bring the question to issue •
between the governors and the governed, and to
resort tosthat appea 'which, in cases of. extreme
oppression,theConstitution warranted.—(Cheers.)
Toast_" The formation of representative goyernments where
they do not exist, and the reformation of representative govern-
ment.;• where they do exist but imperfectly."—(Cheers.)
The air of " Scots wha hae with. Wallace bled, being
played
The Loan MAiOst said, this song naturally
-led him to a toast which he bad no doubt would
be Cordially received. The one was the health
of a gallant General, a lover of his country, the
next the health of a Gentleman, the faithful
watchman of the Constitution. lie should, there-
fore, propose—
" The health of Sir R.-Ferguson, Mr. Hume, and Lord A..
Hamilton.'.' _
Sir R.rFcadusbN returned thanks, and stated,
that nothing but indisposition could have pre-
vented his_ Noble. Friend (Lord A. Hamilton)
from being present.
. Mr. Husti, in returning thanks, went at consi-
derable length into the cause of Reform, and as-
sured the Meeting that. in him they would always
find a steady supporter of that great question.—
(Cheers.)
UpOn the. healtbs of " Lord Nugent, Messrs,
F. Palmer and. Monck, with-the Reformers of
Buckinghamshire and Berkshire," being drank,
Lard NIMENT expressed a confident hope of
the progress•of Reform in that county with which
he bad the honour to be connected, which boasted
the birth of Millon—wlich contained the grave
of Hampden—and which could never forget the
Barons of Runnymede. Against Reform many
objectionsswere urged ; but the most singular.
was that advanced by the Gentleman who was
called the Champion of the Anti-keformers.—
That Gentleman said, that •the present system
worked well. Yes, truly it worked well for the
corruptiouists-_-but it worked very ill for the
people; r and therefore he should say to this
Champion; in the language of Hamlet's Grave-
diggers," I like thy wit well--=the gallows works
we'll for those who work it works well
for thee."-L--(A laugh, and hear !)
The Loan MA Yon next proposed the " Hon.
Mr. G. Bettnet," wlio had- been so long- known
to the conipany as the friend of humanity and of
all who were distress.—(Shouts of applause.)
With him lie connected• Lord Ossttlston, Sir
Charles Monck, Mr. Curwen, Mr. Michael An-
gelo Taylor, and the Reformers of Cumberland,
Northumberland, and Durham.

Mr. BEST.NI.T felt very awkward in entering,
upon an'eXhansted question, for he found it very
difficult. to diScuss without an opponent, and to
enter into an argument without a debate. It was
his determination to continue. in the same course
'in which, he had acted during the ten years in
whicli-he- had:sat in "Parliament, and to support
every proposition which had for its object to
ameliorate the condition not only of the people
of this country, but of the species to which he be-
longed: For reform, he had given one of the first
votes he lead given in Parliament, together with
the father of. the friend on his right hand (Mr.
Whitbread), whose advice still rung in his ears.
From
,the present House of Commons they could
expect nothing good; as well might 'they expect'
" grapes from thorns, and figs from thistles."—
(Applause.)

I r. LUSITINGTON) upon his health being drank,
as
_it was with the fftmost enthusiasm, addressed
the Meeting in a very eloquent speech, in the
course orWhich he observed, that no good could
be done by any change ofMinisters,•unless a-Par-
liamentary Reform• were carried. Were 1.46 rd
Grey, indeed, who was the great hope of the

country, in.poNVer td7rrierrow, there would be no
alternative for him but to betray his duty or to
be immediately ejected from power.; For
jire-
fOrm, therefore, he was as he had always been, a
decided advocate. Without Reform, indeed, no
good could. be expected for. the country; for the
Corruption of the House of Commons Was notori-
ous, that corruption being so baneful in its infiu-
cube as to. generate co.treption even hi the, ad-
ministration of justice, or a distinguished Reformer
would not at that moment be condemned to a
prison.—(Loud cheers!).
Upon the healths of "Mr. Curwen and the Re-
formers of Cumberland" being drank, that Gen-
tleman expressed his opinion that no good could
result from any change of Ministers, unless Re-
form were granted ; but he could not hope for
Reform, unless the people spoke loudly and
firmly hilts favour; and he was-happy to state
that there was to be a Meeting in the County of
Cumberland this day, - for the purpose of pro-
moting this very desirable object.
Messrs. F. Palmer, Mona,. Honywood,- C.
Hutchinson, P. Moore, and W. Smith, . spoke in.
support of Reform in the course of the evepting-.
About twelve o'clock Mr. LA.muTo:4 proposed
the health of the " Lord Mayor,".who returned
thanks, and soon after the Meeting broke up.
L.M•1.1.77

DESTRUCTIVE FlRE.—Tuesday evenin, about
six o'clock, :the inhabitants of the Hamlet :of
Mile-end New Town were thrown into the'
greatest alarm and consternation in consequence
~
of a most dreadful conflagration which broke ou,t
at the sugar-houses of Messrs. Barnell mid Grice,
sugar-refiners,. in Church-street, which threaten-.
od destruction to the whole neighkourheod. The
extensive warehouses of Messrs. Hai-O n:lry and
Co.. the brewers, being. adjoining, .great appre-
hension was entertained for their safety, althouglk
protected by a strong party Wall: - About eleven
o'clock this wall-fell in upon them, and' did con-
siderable damage, .but the firemen, who still,
kept working the engines with the . greatest
alacrity, prevented the flames from cotnmunicat-.
ing With Hanbury's premises, and they also suc-
ceeded in saving the dwelling-house in - which.
Mr. Grice's family resided. Several reports aret
in circulation,.as;to the cause of the
.calainity
.but, as we cannot depend upon their accuracy;
we abstain from mentioning them. The pro,..
perty destroyed is estimated at 50,0004 ; but
We ate infOrMed the stock had been insured. in
one office; and the premises in another. The fire
*as not completely got under at ten o'clock yes-
terday..morninv.
• Thatcham House, Herts, in the occupation of
P. W. Stevenson, Esq. was destroyed by fire on
Tuesday, together with great part of the furni-
ture, the stabling, and a valuable horse.
EXTRAORDINARY aCCUItRENCE.—A few days
since a lady, apparently labouring under con,
siderable fatigue, called. at a cottage in the
d neighbobrho.of Turnham-green, '.and applied
for refreshment, for which she tendered a
bank-note. The: inhabitant; a. female, left the
house •for the pUrpose of. procuring . change,
and- 'on:: her:return, with great surprisei found
the',Strange:r• gone. On hearing, as• she be-
lieved; the cry of her infant; she hasten-
ed to its cradle, but to her- utter dismay,
discovered her OWfl had been taken away, and
another of a tawny colour placed in its steael.--7.
Cash to the amount of 1001. was fastened to its
breast. It is said the poor woman, influenced by
the pecuniary gift, has become reconciled to the
.event, and treats the child with maternal fondness.
STN 0- CLARFAcT, -.-On Wednesday week, as J. Johnson,
peatman, was levelling moss on the essate of Sir Robert Grier=
son,. of Roelchall, about three miles from -Dumfries, he turned
up the body of a pretty large adder, which he had fairly decap-,
tated befOre he was aware. This circumstance exciting a suspi-
cion that there were more adders. near the same spot, he dug a.
little deeper, when, at about eight inclieS below the surface, 11e
lighted upon a whole encampment of those noxious animals. In
-particular, he took out no fewer than. 40 adders, which he plaa.
eelin &box, and exhibited as a natural curiosity.. Nincteoy
of these appeared to be full grown, and Measured from 1.-1
inches to two feet; but in a short time they all died excepitinfi
two, although these were sufficiently -vivacious, and plai.,el`
themselves in an attitude of defenee the moment they were to‘'
lested. Rut what is Still more surprizing, in the same Tiol., there were found ten toads,- and an amazing. uundrr of 'man
'
brown lizards, of the species well known In Scotland by the
name of the Ask. This just is quite a novel fact, although its
authenticity can be established beyond the possibilityof 4aubt•
In this country it is no uncommon thing tadig up adders, even
of a larger size than any of these mentioned above : but we
never heard of such a number being found in one hole, and 5T2
such -strange company. The adder, the, toad, - and the ask,
are all cold-blooded reptiles, which become torpid when. ex-
posed to a IoW temperature; but their habits in other re-
spects are widely. difterent ; and how th6y happened to gather
thmiselves to the sante- spot, and otitshep the winter, appa-
rently in such good fellowship, is a point which we leave to be „4
solved by the proficientsin natural history. It has been re-
marked by some of these learned men, that so long as reptilo
of this kind are confined to a degree of heat inferior to 40 degrees,they will remain dorthant and healthy for an unlimited tune- :.
Spallanzani kept Itoes; lizards, and snakes, in this state in 311 !
ice-house three years and a half, and they readily revived when restored -to a
.warm atmosphere. This wonderful peculiaril
3..ay help to explain the anomaly of toads being so often tout
alive in the heart of solid rocks, and of trees which had rAallin4v'
them in their cavities till every vestige of a crevice had grrisca
up around thetn...-(Dunifries Courier.) i

•BIRTHS.
On. Monday, at Bath, the Lady of Captain Cavicn Roberts,
R. N, of a son. • '
• On lirednesclai last, at North Mewl- House, Siston, 616uces.
tershire; the. Lady of F. Trotman,,jun, Esq. of a son and heir-
On Tuesday last, in South Author-street, the Lady of,t-ie°'
:•-I.riclair, Esq. of 'a daughter. •

. ,
MARRIED.
i . .
On the 1'.7.: inst.-at St.. Georte's Church, Hanorcr.square, bi
the Rev. George •Shiffner, the Rev. Charles Edmund Beene,
Fellow of A Soul's College, Oxford, and Reettn'of Bucklan :
Surrey,..seCond son of Benjamin. Keene, Esq. of Wcstoe? Citnn
bridgeshire; to Rebecca Frances, second daughter of Sir ''''''..
Shill-11er' M.P. of Combo, in the County of SuSsex, Bart.
On the 4th ult. at the Palaceof Ca;iino, hear Rome (tile re-
sidence of Lucion Buonaparte), T. Wyse, ESq. jun; eldebit so'
of T. AVyse, Esq. of the. Menor of St. John, near Waterford,
•
Ireland, (a ROman Catholic family', of known antiquity, re-
spectability and property), to Letitia, daughter
parte, Prince of Canino, a young lady of much personal beauty"
accomplishments, and considerable fortinie. -
of I,..litiona-

• - DIED-.--
hiViscountesssimi:liiiy, relict of. Viscount Pery,.
Yesterday, at her house in Park-street, in her' Bth year,
Viscotintes.s Northland and the Hon. Mrs. Calvert.
Charles Bunbury, Bart. aged 81. 3
•On Saturday last, at Thornton Hall, near Bedale, aged 8 '
Frederick .D.ods*orth, D.D. Senior Canon of Windsor; Rector
Pall-mall, on Saturday last,: Sir Thomas
of Spenilthorne, and perpetual Curate of Cleasby, in the County
of I ork. , -
On of
the Right Honourable Sir James Alausfield, Knt. at his house,
TtieSday last, tidderily, Charlotte, second daughter
and mother to
. -
in so Russell-uare.'
i .
--

LONDON : Pripted by.T. B. CARSTA IRS. of No. 29,0reat
Ormond-street, Queen-square.; end published by W. -11.'
SCRIPPS ,of No. South Molten-strict, .at 'hit Sug
. Orryct, • No. 112, Strand; where Any tni:r tsN3rE
0 RE RS, No.
T TEUSi must be.addressea.

~~
