BOROUGH OF LANH3ETH.

MEETING OF THE ELECTORS OF THE

Yesterday evening one of the moat numerous and re-
.pectable meetings that perhaps ever touk place in any
twrough for a similar purpose, of the electors of the new))
enfranchised Metropolitan district of Lambeth, was as-
sembled at the Horns Tavern, Kennington, to meet Charle,

'Tennyson, Egg., the present Member of Parliament fot
Stamfnrd, who is a candidate for their suffrages at the
approaching general election.
Mr. Tennyson was accompanied, at the meeting, by
Joseph Hume, EN., M.P., Lord Nugent, M.P., Mr.
Warburton, M.P., Mr. E. L. Bulwer, M.P., and a num-

bet- of his Committee and other friends, in the borough of
Lambeth ; and we also observed Mr. Hunt, M.P., on the
platform.
Mr. WARRURTON, M.P., was unanimously voted to the
Chair. He did not come there as the partisan of any can-
didate, but to offer his advice to the electors, not to pledge
themselves to any candidate, but to suspend the promise of
their votes until they had clearly satisfied themselves that
those who offered themselves for their suffrages were de-
serving of them. He had considerable property in the
borough, and should therefore feel anxious as to the cha-
racter of its representatives ; and he hoped never to see any
returned for it that was not a true Reformer.—(Cheers.)
The CHAIRMAN then read the requisition calling the
meeting, after which—
Mr. SLAOx came forward to propose the first resolu-
tion. He was a firm Reformer at the time of the old
American war, and took up that great principle at the
sane time with M jor Cartwright.—(Cheers.) The
French nation had done much of late in the cause of li-
bel-Iy, hut unhappily their triumph was not unstained
with blood, whereas, our victory was gained by the force
of public opinion ; and this must go far to convince all
Europe—the world—that public opinion, when firmly
and honestly expressed, must be obeyed.—(Cheers.) This
conviction must yet strike home to the hearts of the peo-
ple of Germany, of Italy, aye, and of unfortunate, and
now prostrate, Poland.—(Cheers.) With reference to
the resolutirn which he was about to propose, introducing
his friend Mr. Tennyson to them as a candidate for their
suffrages, he had only to say, that he had lung known
and watched the conduct of that Right Hon. Gentleman
in Parliame.,t, and through public life, and he did not
believe a purer Reformer existed than be was, or a man
more ,fevotwlly attached to the true liberties of his coun-
t! y. ( Cheers. )
Mr. GOLDSMITH seconded the resolution. _

Mr. B.s.Err, in rising to address the meeting, should
wish to put two questions to Mr. Tennyson, and to those
questiuns he should require a specific answer, yes, or no.
He asked not for reasons or for motives ; but he asked for

a straightforward, manly answer. The first question he
would aak Mr. Tennyson was, did he or did he not, in his
character of a Privy Councillor, advise the King not to
create Peers, when he knew that the Reform Bill was in
danger.—(Cheers, and cries of He did not.) His second
question was, did Mr. Tennyson, directly, or indirectly,
communicate with the Duke of Wellington, or any of his
friends, with a view of supporting the Duke's administra-
tion, if he could form one after Lord Grey had resigned?
Another elector, whose name we could not learn, also
wished to ask Mr. Tennyso❑ what his sentiments were
upon the system of military togging?
Mr. TIENNYsom rose amidst great applause. With re-
spect to the questions asked of him, be should answer them
in the most full and explicit manner that it was possible
for him to do ; but they must all be aware that as regarded
the first question, he was incompetent to give an answer
directly to every part of it, in the shape in which it had
been put, because his oath as a Privy Councillor prevented
his doing so.—(Cheers.)— He had no doubt, however,
that although lie was sworn not to divulge what advice he
gave the Crown, he should be able to satisfy them as to
his own views as to the creation of Peers; and first he

would tell them what he had alre idy said in the House of
Commons when questioned on the same point by his Hon.
Friend Mr. Hume, and that was, he blamed the Govern-
ment when the first Reform Bill was rejected by the House
of Lords for not having immediately prorogued the Parlia-
ment for a few days, and created at once one hundred
Peers.—(Lund cheers.) And he thoug.it sincerely as
a reformer that Lerd Grey's Government acted un-
wisely in not having dome so, and laaving it to the nec,s-

city of creating at a subsequent period a fictitious legislation
for a particular purp .se, and which would have been indis-
pensable if other means bad not been afterwards found to
carry the Reform Bill. Those other means had been found,
add he did not see that he, as a reformer, had any right to
complain that it was by other means than the creation of
Peers. He had attained the great object he had in view,
although in the first instance, he would have created the
Peers.—(Cheers.) He was ao certain that those other
means would have been found, that he told the House of
Commons t•t wait a few days before they adopted any de-
cided measure, for that he had reason to believe the Bill
was safe.—(Cheers.) As regarded the second question
put to him, he really could not help alluding to it with a
smile, to know if the gentleman who proposed it was
serious or not. Was it necessary for him (Mr. Tennyson)
to disdain all intention of consulting with the Duke of
Wellington, or any of the Duke's friends, as to forming an
Administration ? Could he Lave done so without degra-
ding himself for ever as a public man ? He did not say
this out of the slightest disrespect to the Noble Duke, who
as an i lustrious warrior, he looked on with the pride and
gratitude that was due to him from his country; but who,
as a Minister, or a Statesman, or Politician, was the
very last man in the country he would uphold.—(Loud
cheers.) To this question then he would give distinctly and
flatly, but respectfully, a negative answer. He had held no
sort of communication, directly or indirectly, with the Noble
Duke or any of his party, on ,ny political subject at any
time.—(Cheers.) The third question, respecting flog-
ging in the army, he would answer by saying, that he
thought it a practice not only inhuman but disgraceful,
and tending to degrade the soldier who suffered and the
country that permitted it—(Cheers)—and he sincerely
wished it abolishe.l.—(Cheers.) Indeed it was only the
night before that in the House of Commons he took occa-
sion, on a motion of h;s friend (Mr. Hume), to express
his abhorrence of the practice, as exemplified in the atro-
cious case stated to the House by Mr. Hume—he alluded
to the case of the soldier Somerville. He had now, he
hoped, satisfactorily answered the three questions, and he
should tie hippy to answer, with equal candour, any other
that might be proposed by any of the electors ; indeed he
would thank them for a rigid inquiry into his whole po-
litical life.—(Cheers.)
Mr. HUME came forward and was loudly cheered. He
was very desirous of giving an explanation respecting Mr.
Tennyson, as to one of the questions put to that gentle.
man, he alluded to the creation of Peers. He (Nlr. Hume)
was aware that a report to the effect that had been con•
veyed in that question had gone abroad through some mis•
take of the newspapers, and he spoketo Mr. Tennyson at the
time on the subject, and the explanation of that gentleman
was so clear and satisfactory, that he (Mr. Hume) deter-
mined to give him an opportunity of giving the same ex-
planation in the House of Commons by putting a question
to him on the subject, and then, as now, Mr. Tennyson
convinced every one who heard him that there was not
the least foundation for the report that had gone abroad.
—(Cheers ) With respect to military flogging, Mr. Ten.
is son had only the night before given a proof in a most
able and eloquent speech, which had not been reported,
that he was strongly opposed to that cruel system of tor-
ture. In fact, viewing the whole of Mr. Tennyson's ca-
. eer since lie (illr. Hume) had bad an opportunity of
judging, he knew of no man who was a more uncompro-
mising enemy to oppression in every shape, or a more
steadfast friend to civil and religious liberty.—(Cheers.)
An ELECTOR, whose name was not announced, ad
dressed the meeting tor a short time, chiefly to observe that
although the borough of Lambeth would contain 28.000
voters under the new Reform Bill, not more than 5,000
would be qualified to go the poll at a contested election, as
not more than that number would be able to pay up their

rat s, &c.
Air. NEWLAND from all he had heard, and all he had
that day seen of Mr. Tennyson, believed that gentleman
would would and ought to succeed in his views as regarded
.e
in
borough of Lambeth. It was a strong circu.aeansdtuen;._e
his favour, to be accompanied by that stanch trhieets. K
) Still
form and the people, Mr. Joseph Hume. C
ThheeenshouldhadTennyson ut to
'0 anwill he vote fur
are his views as to the corn
jaVwasil.
li
e At
io
rt
.a advocatela
Tennyson
d ande te r n
sup_avlo—t
?ftohrleVtihaldleministration of jus-
their abolition ?—(Cheers. )h
sort and wish
dpi svuhot c A4t to
er him,
the Tennyson
totala n d
a theyi,tioi
,7:onenrs were
fet—rt these:—r; Nv i,l questionsvA I,
ar ;
uphold the liberty of the press,
Lice? And, finally,
ab,,lish all taxes upon knowledge?
Laadmvro.tTe
Est,yso
said,
that
eternal—
(Laughter)—abolition utghlealeervx):_ttflien:c
fbatoololrinyia:tiwooßnirleloftfir,,raetmittheeirn:
as to giving any pledges on
neral sulijects, such as the abolition of tithes and the
.je,;orn laws, they must be discussed in a deliberative asses.
dy. It would be inconsistent in him to do so, and he was
more such pledges would not be required of him—(Sonie dis-
approbation was here expressed in a part of the room, but it
,:aiounsesdushosmideedu.n)piHeaemonbtsersevnedsattliigent,wahnadt ll,lee hst u
just said hat.
Id
therefore
'ully explain himself on the subject of pledges, Ha
would at once say, then, that he deemed it improper in
any man who was going into a deliberate assembly, to hear
arguments and discussions, and to express his own and hi'
constituents' opinions upon watters of general state policy,

11/4

;10 there fettered or tied up by any previous positive
pledges on those matters that be intended to discuss. He
would not, therefore, he thus bound for any confederation,
hut he would pledge himself to this, that he would never
flinch from any public principle he had ever professed.
With respect to tithes : as to voting for the eternal aboli-
tion of them, he did not know how he could do that—(A
laugh)—but he would vote for their extinction or com-
mutation, and for the appropriation of the property of the
church to its proper uses—that was, the fairly paying those
who did the duty. He would support the abolition of
pluralities in the church ; but he would not vote to take
the tithes out of the pockets of the priest to put them into
his own as the landlord.—(Cheers.) Slavery he would
never support, but always hail supported the abolition of
slavery so far as it could be effected with any advantage to
the poor slaves themselves. As to the corn laws, perhaps
the meeting would look with some suspicion on any thing
he might say on that subject, when he told them he was a
landowner—(Laughter)—but notwithstanding that, they
should have his sentiments. He was of opinion, that
the present rate of averages, as to corn, was inju-
rious in its results,—both to the farmer and the
landlord, and he was satisfied that a fixed duty would lee
more advantageous to the landowner and the farmer, and
more agreeable to the people at large ; but he was not, in
the present state of the country, an advocate for the entire
abolition of the corn duties. With respect to a Reform in
the administration of justice, he considered it a crying evil
that a wan of moderate means could not assert his right
by the laws of his country without incurring an expense
that must ruin him, and be would therefore gladly support
any reformation that would redress such a wrong. The
liberty of the press he had also been asked if he would
support. What Reformer, what friend to the welfare
and liberties of his country, would not support the liberty
of the press? Without the freedom of the press, there
could be no good Government in any country, and with

it in none could there be a bad Government. No matter
what the form of the Government might be, let the people
only have the liberty of the press and they must be free.
Need he then say that in the fullest extent he was a sincere
and ardent advocate for the liberty of the press, and with
it an advocate also for removing all taxes upon knowledge,
so far as that could be done with safety to the revenue of
the country. Thus he hoped he had sufficiently answered
the questions put to him.—(Loud cheers.)
A Mr. GRADY addressed the meeting for a considerable

time, but the interruptions to his oration were so loud and
continuous, that we could hear nothing of what he said,
except that he had just received a letter from Mr. O'Con-
nell, which stated, that from all he (Mr. O'Connell) had
seen of Mr. Tennyson, he had no reason to think him
otherwise than a gentleman deserving the confidence of
Englishmen.

Mr. TENNYSON, in answer to other questions put to
him by several electors, had a very strong impression that
the ballot must ultimately be come to under the present
Reform Bill, which made so large a constituency amongst
small tenants, who must be under the control of their
landlords; but he was for giving the Bill, as it was, fair
play, before he would support the ballot. He was in
favour of the scot and lot franchise in boroughs, in pefer-
ence to the present mode of voting, and it was that he
proposed when he thought some years ago of having Bir-
mingham enfranchised ; and he was a decided advocate
for shortening the duration of Parliament, and three yeare
or four years he thought might be as good a time for them
to last as any other.—(Cheers.)
Mr. HUNT being called for, came forward, and said

that although he had some property in the district, he was
not yet an elector, but be should become one, and get
himself rated, and he would do what he never did in his
life before, give a vote at an election, for he would vote
for Mr. Tennyson.—(Cheers.) He believed Mr. Tenny—
aqn to he an honest representative of the people, and he
did not think that any pledge ought to be required of him,
a+ he had been already a tried man and well known as

the friend of the people and of civil and religious liberty.
Lord NUGENT also addressee the meeting, and passed a
warm eulogiutu on the character and public services of Mr.
Tennyson.

Mr. BULWER also addressed a few words to the meeting
on being called forward.
After which the CHAIRMAN put the resolutions seri-
atim, which were carried unanimously.
Thanks were then voted to the Chairman, who ad-
dressed the in« eting in return, and the meeting broke up
about ten o'clock.

The following are two of the resolutions:-
1. That it is due to the importance, and essential to
the public character of the Borough of Lambeth, that its
numerous, patriotic, and intelligent constituency, should
be represented in the first Reformed Parliament by per-
sons who have always advoc 'tell and shown themselves fa-
vourable to the great principle of a Reform in the Coal-
moos House of Pa•liament : and th it the Right Hon.
Charles Tennyson, having throughout his public career
evinced his attachment to this principle of Reform, and
contributed the most signal services towards accomplishing
its recent triumpti,—is a gentleman in every way eligible
to become one of the representatives for this borough.
Resolved 2. That the Right Honouratile Charles Ten-
nyson is further entitled to the distinction of being pro-
posed as one of the candidates for the representation of thin
borough ; by reason of the consistency of his public life ;
of his vigilant devotion to the great interests of civil and
religious liberty, of his sealous and eloquent denunciation
of the corruptio❑ of East Retford ; his enlightened exer-
tions to obtain the elective franchise for large unrepre-
sented communities, arid his brilliant stand at Stamford
against an oppressive boroughmongering domination ; and
that for these resons this meeting claim for him the moat
strenuous support of all those electors who are friendly to
the great public principles which he has ever advocated
