[MO RNING CHRONICLE.]

The affair of Irish Tithes was brought on last
night by Mr. Hume, on Mr. Daly consenting to
abandon the Motion of which he had given
witice.--Mr. Hume disclaimed all wish to de-
prive the Bishops or any of the Clergy, during
Their lives, of the property of which the existing
institutions bad put them in possession. But this
will not satisfy the pretended friends of the
Church. They contend that all interference
with Tithe is little better than sacrilege, and
that the Landowners have not a better title to

their estates than the Clergy have to the tenth
part of the fruits of them.—The foundation of
all right is the benefit of society. The reason
why certain persons are allowed to hold the
Soil of a country, to the exclusion of all
the rest of the community, is that the public
benefit is supposed to be thereby most effectu-
ally promoted. But there is this material dis-
tinction between property in land and tithes, that
while the former is' beneficial to the community,
the latter is injurious to it. The appropriation of
-land insures for it that degree of care which is
necessary to make it properly available. But the
argument of the tenth of the fruits of it can in no
way promote the benefit of society. So far from
benefiting society, it injures it most materially,
by raising the price of food to consumers, as the
cultivation of the ground must get from them the
amount of this tax, over and above the ordinary
profits of capital. If there were no tithe, the
price of food would be lower by all the amount
of it. As the population of a country increases,
inferior lands must be taken into cultivation, and
the natural price of food necessarily rises. This
is an inevitable evil, and therefore must be borne
with. But unfortunately tithe rises also with the
rise of the natural price of food, and the people
must suffer a continually augmenting impost in
this shape as their ability to bear it diminishes.

[MORNING POST.]

We would at present merely direct the notice
of our readers to the singular turn which the
proceedings took last night on the subject of
Irish Tithes. Mr. Daly, the Member for Gal-
way, whose motion to pledge Parliament that
this question should be taken into consideration
early next Session, with a view to adequate
relief, at the suggestion of Mr. Peel, and on a
satisfactory understanding from Mr. Goulburn,',,
that something would be done immediately
on Parliament meeting again, consented to
withdraw his motion for the present. A few
of the frish Members on the Opposition
side were adverse to this conduct, but Mr.
Hume felt the disappointment most. He had
come down to the House with an armful of in-
formation gratuitously supplied from the other
side of the Channel and every where else; and
to be under the necessity of carrying back so
perishable a commodity was not to be endured.
The Member for Aberdeen, therefore, watched
his moment, and forthwith emptied out the whole
reservoir of facts, assertions, and conjectures,
which he had been able to collect, in one jum-
ble of " confusion worse confounded." The
lion. Gentleman's object, it seems, was to get a
Committee on Irish tithes. Sir J. Newport
moved an amendment, distinctly pledging the
House to take up the subject early in the next
Session ; but to this Mr. Goulburn objected, on
the ground that such a step would be productive
of great mischief, and could not effect any useful
purpose. Ultimately, Mr. Hume withdrew his
motion ; but Sir John Newport persisting in his,
a division took place, when it was negatived by
a majority of 7'2 to 65. The House sat till near
three o'clock this morning.—ln the Lords, some

further progress was made in the discussion o
the clauses in the Marriage Act Amendmen
Bill; and the Committee is to sit again this day

[MORNING HERALD.]

In our Paper of yesterday we gave a report of
a dinner at Kennington. It was for the purpose
of celebrating Sir Robert Wilson's return as
Member of Parliament for Southwark. The title
of the Meeting was " Purity of Election Meet-
ing." As usual at Dinner Meetings, whether of
an aristocratical or of a democratical descrip-1
tion, the mutual congratulatory complimentary
speeches were made, in which, however, there
was nothing of novelty, though much of va-
riance. Sir Robert Wilson alluded to the Greeks,
and more than insinuated that our Government
should have interfered in their behalf. We
think that, in this business, the Government have
acted wisely ; for had they sent 100,000 men
under the command of Sir Robert, to rescue
that country from the tyranny ,of the Turks, it
might cost John Bull 100,000,0001. of money ;
and the Greeks might afterwards thank us as
little for our interference in the matter, as the
United States' people have thanked the Spa-
niards for their assistance in throwing off John
Bull's yoke. In another part of Sir Robert's
speech, he maintained that national faith should
be preserved ; but how can that be done,
if, for the sake of the Greeks and others, we
incur fresh debts, and consequently increase the
annual charge ? As it is, it is as much as the
Government can do to raise sufficient money
to pay the Government and debt charge's. Mr.
llobhou-se and other Gentlemen recommended a
reduction of taxation. If the present taxation be
scarcely sufficient to pay the expenditure of the
Army, Navy, &c. and the interest of the Na-
tional Debt (which latter it is necessary to ac-
complish, if Sir Robert's advice as to the Na-
tional Faith is to be taken), how would it be
possible to do justice to our brave defenders ;
preserve the national faith inviolate; and reduce
the taxes still further, agreeably to Mr. Hob-
house's recommendation ? We still, however,
leave these contradictions to Mr. llobhouse and
Sir Robert to settle.

SHOCKING MURDER.—A most horrible crime
was committed at St. Quentin-sur-Isere, in the
department of Isere, on the night of the Bth of
last month. A fine young woman, of irreproach-
able character and exemplary piety, was cut in
pieces after her bosom had been laid open and
torn out, and her bloody and quivering limbs
were scattered and thrown into the Isere and
different branches of that river, in the hope of
more easily avoiding the pursuit of justice. But
Providence, which seldom leaves great crimes
unpunished, so ordefed it, that one of the limbs
and the bust of the unfortunate victim were
thrown upon the banks of the Isere, from an at-
tentive examination of which by the officers of
health, further light has been thrown upon the
frightful circumstances which accompanied the
perpetration of the crime. Justice has already
raised the mysterious veil with which it was en-
veloped.—(French. Paper.)

FOR THE SUN.

LETTER XIII.

Ma. EDlTOR—Having, as stated in my last
letter, disbanded the Protestant militia, raised by
the Duke of ORMOND, and embodied one entirely
Popish, the next step of JAMES and his Lieuten-
ant was to summons a Parliament that would be
subservient to their views of establishing Popery,
and its concomitant, arbitrary power. Accord-
ingly, the titular Bishop of Clogher, a man in
every respect meet to be Secretary to Tyrconnel,
addressed circular letters to the Sheriffs of Coun-
ties, and heads of Corporations, all then Papists,
in which were inclosed the writ of election, with
a recommendation of the person he chose should
be returned ; so that four Protestants only were
elected for counties, cities, or boroughs. The
University, indeed, returned two Protestaffts,
Sir John Meade and Mr. Coghlan, barristers,
who in a short time discontinued their attend-
ance, finding they could not stem the torrent.—
Out of sixty-nine Protestant temporal Peers, four
or,five only remained in Ireland ; and, of twenty-
two spiritual Lords, only seven. Of these last,
three were incapacitated from attending by age
and infirmity, but the remaining four, Doctor
Dopping, Bishop of Meath, Doctor Otway,
Bishop of Ossory, Doctor Digby, Bishop of
Limerick, and Dr. Wettenball, Bishop of
Cork, " were obliged to appear upon their
writs directed to them ; and King James was
forced sometimes to make use of them to
moderate, by way of counterpoise, the madness
of his own party, when their votes displeased
him ; but in- general, they protested against most
of the Acts, and entered their dissent :" for it is
worthy of notice that, anxious as James was to
establish Popery under arbitrary Power, he com-
plained, that 44 they rammed many things down
his throat," inasmuch as it wil4 show our modern
Advocates of Popery, the impossibility of re-
straining a Faction, actuated by superstitious
fanaticism. " Of thirty-seven Papist Lords,
there appeared, besides the new created Lords,
twenty-four at times, of which fifteen were
under attainder by indictments or outlawries ;
two or three were under age ; and there re-
mained only six or seven capable of sitting and
acting." This packed Popish Parliament " sat
from the 7th May to the 20th July following
(1688) ; and in that short time entirely destroyed
the Settlement of Ireland, and outed both the
Protestant Clergy and Laity of their Freeholds
and Inheritances."
James having abdicated the Throne of Eng-
land, the first Act of this Parliament was to re-
cognize his title to the Crown of Ireland ; which,
by an Act, passed in the, reign of Henry VIII.,
had been annexed to that of England ; and they
very soon after repealed that Act. They next
repealed the Acts of Settlement and Explana-
tion; and the Bill for that purpose was hurried
through the House of Commons in three days,
theieby debarring those who would suffer from
it, from any opportunity of appealing for relief ;
but remonstrance against so great injustice and
cruelty would not have met with more attention
.from, a Parliament predetermined to crush the
Protestants, or to force them to abandon their
country, than that did from James, which had
been presented to him by the Earl of Granard.—
By this Act-of Repeal, the Preamble to which
fidly justffied the horrid and bloody Rebellion in
the year 1641, all persons who were in rebel-
lion in England, Scotland, or Ireland, against
King James, on the Ist of August, 1688, or who
had corresponded with rebels since that time,
forfeited their estates and properties. On that
part of this Act affecting those who had corres-
ponded with Rebels, Harris thus remarks, in his
Life of King William :—" By which clause al-
" most every Protestant in the Kingdom who
" could write had forfeited his estate ; for the
cc packets going constantly between Dublin and
" London, from August to March, 1689, few had
" friends in England or the North but corres-
" ponded with them. Every packet during that
" time was searched, and vast heaps of letters
" laid by, which were now produced in evidence
44 in the House of Commons, against such as ap-
" peared in behalf of their absent friends."
On his accession to the Throne, James 44 sent
" over the Lord Clarendon as Lord Lieutenant,
" in the year 1685, who arrived here Jana 10.—
"He gave him in charge to declare, that he would
44 preserve the Acts of Settlement and Explanation
" inviolable : and accordingly the Lord Claren-
c' don made this declaration in Council; and
" further gave it in charge to all the Judges, who
" solemnly declared on the Bench in their re-
" spective Circuits, the King's firm intentions to
" preserve those Acts, and in them the Protestant
" English interest in Ireland."
The provisions made by former Parliaments,
from the reign of Queen Elizabeth, for the Pro-
testant Clergy, .were repealed by this Popish
Parliament, and the arrears cut off. They also
re-enacted the writ " de heritico comburendo."
Finally, they passed an Act of Attainder against
one Duke, two Archbishops, seven Bishops,
seventeen Earls, seven Countesses, forty-six Vis-
counts and Barons, two Viscountesses, thirteen
Ld,dies, thirty'-four Baronets, fifty-one Knights,
eighty-three clergymen, and two thousand one
hundred and eighty-two Esquires and Gentle-
men, besides yeomen, and persons of inferior
rank. And we learn from Archbishop's King's
History-, that " when Sir Richard Nagle, Speaker
" of the House of Commons, presented that Bill
'" to King James for his Royal Assent, he told
" him that many were attainted in that Act by
" the House of Commons, upon such evidence as
" fully satisfied the House : the rest of them,
" he said, were attain ted upon Common Fame,"—a
speech so very brutish, observes the Archbishop,
"that I can hardly persuade myself that I shall
" gain credit to the relation ; but it is certainly
" true, the Houses of Lords and Commons, of
" their pretended Parliament, are. witnesses of
" it; and let the world judge what security Pro-
" testants could have of their, lives, when so
" considerable a lawyer as Sir Richard Nagle
" declares on so solemn an occasion, a4l King
" James with his Parliament approves, that
i '. CommonFameisa sufficient evidence to deprive
I" without hearing so many of the Gentry, Nobi-
-1
" My, and Clergy of their lives and fortunes,

" without possibility of pardon." The four
Bishops, already named, were not present when
this Act of. Attainder was passed ; nor were they
lallowed afterwards to enter their protest against
it. The speech, however, of the Bishop of
Meath, delivered in the House of Lords on the
4th of June, 1689," on the Bill of Repeal of
the Act of Settlement," is recommended to the
attention of those Legislators who are so desirous
of breaking down the bulwarks and fences
erected-by the wisdom of our ancestors, for the
preservation of our glorious Constitution in
Church and State; and the following passage
may he applied either to the insidious Bill now
pending in the House of Lords, or to that with
which we are threatened in the next Session.—
" Your Lordships have now under your consi-
" deration a Bill of great weight and import-
" ance : for the future prosperity or ruin of the
" King and Kingdom depends upon it :—a Bill
" that unsettles a former foundation (upon which
" this Kingdom's peace and flourishing was
" superstructed,) and designs to erect another in
"its stead, the success whereof is dubious and
cc uncertain."

" After so flagrant a breach of faith on the
" part of James, and after such tyranny, cruelty,
" oppression. and injustice, on the part of his
Popish Parliament, it is not to be wondered at
" that the Protestants, many of whom had wit-
" nessed, and all had heard of, the horrible re-
" hellion of 1641, should associate in defence of
" their religion, their liberty, and every thing
" dear to man, with the determination to resist
" the authority of a Prince who had thus violated
" his coronation oath. Add to this, the un-
" paralleled cruelty of one of James's Generals
" (Rosen,) in collecting the Protestant inhabi-
" iants of the county of Londonderry, without
" distinction of age or sex, under the walls of the
" City, at that time besieged by a Popish army,
" where the unhappy sufferers were slaughtered
" by the fire from their friends, as well as by
" that of their enemies. This instance of Popish
" mercy and forbearance, I say, naturally excited
" in the minds of our ancestors an apprehension
" that the dreadful scenes of 1641 would be re-
" acted in Ireland."—(Letters by a Protestant.)
Such were the tyranny, cruelty, oppression,
and injustice, from which King William 111., or
glorious memory, rescued the Protestants of Ire-
land ; and so sensible were they of the blessings
of religious and civil liberty, secured to them
by his means, that they held his name in the
utmost veneration ; and, until lately, and with
the exception of a few Apostates, whose minds
have been illumined by the new day-star in our
religious and political hemisphere,—their de-
Isceiidants have shewn every mark of respect and
gratitude to his memory. In the year 1710,
when a popish mob mutilated the equestrian
Statue, erected in College Green, in the City of
Dublin, the House of Commons, after resolving
" that all persons concerned in that barbarous

fact are guilty of the greatest intolerance, base-
ness and ingratitude," addressed the Viceroy,
praying his Excellency to issue a Proclamation
for discovering the authors of this " villainy ;"
and, in a prompt compliance with their request,
the Speaker, attended by the whole House, pre-
sented an address to his Excellency, in which

they declared that " his memory must ever be
" dear to all men, except those who desire to
" bring our religion, laws, liberties, and proper-
" ties, into the same danger again, from which
" his courage and conduct so bravely and season-
" ably rescued them. And such we, unani-
" tnously declare all those to be, who, on any
"pretence whatsoever, endeavour to reflect on
" the justice of the late happy Revolution,
64 the memory of God's great instrument
" in effecting it, or the necessary means made
" use of in bringing it about." And a pro-

clamation, issued by the Lord Lieutenant and
Privy Council, on the 21st of May, 1792, states,
" that seditious writings and persons had en-
" deavoured to vilify and bring into contempt
" the wise and wholesoMe provisions made at the
" time of the glorious Revolution." But it has
been reserved for a new era, that a Judge shall
gravely declare from the Bench that it is a
breach of the laws of the land to drink the
memory of " that great Prince who delivered
this nation from Popish superstition and French
slavery, and to whose reign we are indebted for
those inestimable laws which exclude all Popish
successors, and settle the Crown on the most
illustrious house of Hanover :"—that declaration
too, accompanied with a boast, that he had ad-
vised the Attorney General to file an ex officio
information against an Alderman of the City of
Dublin for having drank it, adding, " that, if
brought before him, he would strip him of his
aldermanic gown and borrowed plumes !!!"
Surely, Mr. Editor, if we believed in the trans-
migration of souls, we might think that that of
James's Chief Justice, Nugent, animated the
form of this Judge ; from whom, whatever I

might not have expected, I certainly would have
looked for more talent, as he was the only man
raised to the Bench by cc all the talents."
I beg it may be distinctly understood that any
remarks I have made or shall make, as to the
Romish Faith, are to be considered as regarding
it, in a political point of view, hostile and dan-
gerous to our religious and civil establishments.
1 am not an enemy to any man on account of his
religion ; and I would leave to every person the
liberty of worshipping God according to the dic-
tates of his own conscience : But I would guard,
with the most jealous care, the Protestant Re-
formed Church, established by law, and so in-
terwoven with our civil constitution, " that the
former cannot be endangered without hazarding
the safety of the latter "—alike against the open
attacks of her avowed enemies, and the insidious
and more dangerous wiles of her pretended friends,
who, according to military tactics, are endeavour-
ing to approach the citadel of the Constitution,
by sapping and mining the out-works,—those
acts enacted by the wisdom, and through the
dearly-bought experience of our ancestors. To
that Church I am most firmly attached—from
reason, reflection, and conviction ; and, in the
words of the Rev. Edward Cooper, I may say,
that " I love her less for her own sake, than for
" the sake of that noble army of martyrs and
C 4 confessors, by whose blood her foundations

cc were cemented, and in whose spirit her articles,
" homilies, and liturgy, were framed. I regard
" her as primitive in her institutions—evanget
" cal in her doctrines—and highly devotional anu
" spiritual in all her services. I look upon her as
" admirably designed and adapted for building
" up the invisible, Church of Christ ; and I be'
" lieve that, through her instrumentality, non/
" of her children attain to an elevation of cha'
" racter, and to a holiness of heart and life,
" which no other church can exceed."

Cork, June 4, 1822.

SIDNEY.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.

COURT OF KING'S BENCH, JUNE 19.
THE KING V. COLLINS AND OTHERS.
Mr. SCARLETT junior and the COMMON SERGEANT were
heard against the rule for a new trial.
The SOLICITOR-GENERAL also addressed the Court in.re"
ply, contending, that the venerable Magistrate, Mr. Collins,
had not been influenced by any corrupt or partial motive. „,
At ten o'clock Mr. Justice BEST left the Court, and the
Judges having to sit in the Exchequer Chamber, further pro'
ceedings in the cause were postponed till to-morrow.

PREROGATIVE COURT, JUNE 19. -
HIS LATE MAJESTY'S WILL.—IN RE OLIVE.
_1
This case being expected to come on, the Court was crowd `r
at an early hour. At ten o'clock Sir Join( Nrcnol.
his seat, and shortly after Dr. Dorrsox and Dr. Lusurl/m-'
TON, accompanied by General DESSEUX, soi-disant Cat—
FITZ STRATHERN, cousin of OLIVE, and others, entereule
Dr. DODSON addressed the Court, and observed, that on
previous occasions he considered that the Learned Advocaw
conceded certain points, inasmuch as they were not disputed.
Sir C. ROBINSON observed, that he never assumed even t°
make a concession, and from what he said on previous ocea"
sions it never ought to be thought that he attempted a comPZ
mise ; he then abstained from observations, because, in
stage, it might, in such a delicate question, be injurious to
parties.
Sir JOHN Nrcnor..—" As far as the Court is concerned,
was considered that on account of an arrangement between,...thare
parties, the hearing was postponed, but I really do not Y."'
which of the parties made the application."
Dr. Lusmrszuw orr—" The King's- Advocate at all events
acquieiced in any arrangement that was made." the
Dr. DODSON commenced an address, and contended that az
King of this realm had power to devise to any individual
property as belonged to his private purse, and that it toe.i,
be absurd to suppose that he should be denied the privilege "',3
lowed to his meanest subjects. The Learned Doctor cited
passages from Bland and Swinburne, the most remarkable sil;
thorities on the subject ; they had contended, and it never ht.",
been contradicted, that all persons not forbidden by law we'„
capable of making a bequest; the only exceptions being otali
ned women, infants, and lunatics; but the King of Englan....
was not one of the exceptions made by those learned writers.
It had been said that the document had been dormant 40 y ;
this was an argument in favour of the applicant, if the t
erm
of it were considered, and the royal and private acts of
benevo-
lence of his late Majesty were taken into account. Beside ecs:
this document was witnessed by three persons of high reap
tability, who were known at that time to be in the confidelibf
of the King.—The Learned Doctor concluded his address
co,:esnDTtanithen:HdtenitnAhtgGeoetfhwAhailintispthlnaewot motion
.oritehiaoajedneasiot
ybduegouphnret
otot ohpr
geobeuseant
ImhdneeeaddTs eiandierb:dsho.
:I,nuiadt e. —s
quotedt v
Lin
.a ns
tne
led
veral venerable authorities, which, he argued, demon
the power possessed by kings to bequeath their propertY,,ancateri,
was for the Learned. Advocate to shew that his Royal Na—the
or his predecessor,' was divested of that power.—Henry
Second had made two wills, and the will of Henry the fifth ere
been proved and probate granted, the witnesses to which Ilue
the Dukes of Bedford and. Gloucester and Earl Warwick.
then-referred to the Royal Marriage Act, which passed ohtla ;
immediately after the marriage of the Duke of Cumberlalst
he looked in vain for the explanation which militated
the validity of the document or the power of the Soverelf-u.
and if the law were silent, the .Court must look to Ordinal/
thorSirities.
C. ROBINSON rose to reply. He disclaNed any 01::
siou on his part ; he wished fair investigatioh, and not to Clio
mit any Act which by his interference would be injurious W et'ld
party. The learned Advocate contended that the Court cone,
not command the King to come and prove his own signatilirji
or the signature of his predecessors. He lamented that rs,
he
Learned Friends had cited so many passages from old write
to prove that a King could make a will ; he did not dispote,,tol
right. As his Learned Friends had closed their case, and ':ta,
no right to reply, he should endeavour to shew that their a
tions were not analagous to the present'case. , Ad'
Dr. DODsON—" I deny the assumption of the ICing.s,
vocate ; my Learned Friend (Dr. Lushington) has a rig,,D
reply.,,
Sir CCHRISTOPHER—" That is for the consideration of the
Court." He then contended that the paper would
been introduced by his Learned Friend, but for the PurPe'suee
making it a subject of a specific plea. He could intronca
something of an historical nature, as well as his 14e';o.
t..
Friend ; but his glossory would not be the same. After q
ing Blackstone, and several other writers, he concludedlg. 00
serving, that it was not in the power of the Court to decitweter
the remedy to be taken by the Princess in the delicate Ms'
before it.
Dr. ADAMS followed on the same, side. not lieroof

After a short reply from Dr LIT SHINGT tb
Sir JOHN NICHOL said he. should take time'to cousid
case, and give judgment on the next Court-day. ~„9 of
[The most remarkable circumstance in the proceears4ol
this day of was the appearance of Olive Princess Cull
wig
in tc"
herself Court. She came in a plain green carriage, 'f the
coachman and footman in rather tarnished liveries, but
Royal cut and colour. Iler Highness is a portly dame, `",,":yea
the phraseology of some women of the lower order who friar
on her, " a Royal looking Lady." She was brilliantlY "ftin*
reled in a bright crimson silk body and white draperies, °l;bite
large spreading white bonnet, surmounted by a hur,,,o
plume of feathers ; while her highly rouged am jovial-w" she
countenance vied with the colour of her crimson dress. witr,
was attended by a sort of Gentleman, or Chevalier
and was accommodated with a seat immediately behind Der;
the learned Counsel, who argued most vehemently afainspceriti
but her Highness did not appear at all abashed by use s-a 05°
of any of the remarks that were made upon the strange
picious circumstances of her case.]

Twelve journeymen coopers are lodger
Cork Jail for combination. Their assenwhi-ern
took place at Grant's Bog, and in taking trovis
to jail the High Constable received some
of stones.—(Dublin Correspondent, June 17.1
itt
A malignant fever has been very prevalenttbe
Paris, and a great increase of burials durioghave
present month. Many English families
quitted Paris in consequence. Ae Of
Baths, and even basins and cups, are raa",i are
the Dartmoor Granite : those manufactured from the r`:,boi
particularly beautiful. It is expected in October the
line of Rail road will be opened, and a large exportati°"
take place.—( iVestern Luminary.)

COAL-MARKET, JUNE 19.
Ships at Market. Ships sold
39.1 Newcastle - - 15
0 Sunderland
1 Yorkshire
1 Scotch Coal
1 Culm

Prietgi
31s Od to 0,1
-_s od to --r7
s Od to 3r4 vos
—s od to 32-0
Oct to te.

BIRTHS. tile
At Hopetoun-house, Scotland, on the 15th instant,
Countess of Hopetoun, of a daughter. stenli
On the lllthinstant, at Brentford-butts, the Lady of
Ronalds, M.D. of a daughter. 1.. f.'
On the llith instant, at Blackheath, the wife of C.
Combe, Esq. of a son.
___—i•

.
MARRIED. IP
On Tuesday, at Edmonton, by the Rev. T. Durhilter °I-
James R. Rumsey, of Southgate, to Eliza, eldest clang .
_....
George Marshall, Esq., of Eagle-hall, Southgate, --*"

DIED. ADri
On Wednesday, the 19th instant, at Leyton, Essex/ siilv
Anne, eldest daughter of Samuel Edenborough, Fisq"
street, Cheapside, aged 17. East
On the 15th of December last, at Barroda, in ,t-eervicel
Indies, in the 31st year of his age, and the .17th of ills %lent,
Captain John Brough, of the Bombay EarOpefin
.Reglope,
and commanding a division of the Poonah Auxiliary
eldest son of Captain Brough, County Carlow Militia.

Printed and Published for the PROPRIETQRS, at the Si'
Office; No. 112, Strand, by J. B. CARsTAtits*
