IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT

HOUSE OF LORDS, FEZ. 1.

The LORD CHANCELLOR took his seat at seven minutes past
five o'clock.
A very comical scene—a scene that has never occurred
before—took place, which was, that a circle was formed after
the Lord Chancellor took his seat, on the Tory side
of the House, composed of Lord Shaftesbury, Lord Ashburton,
Lord Aberdeen, Lord Beresford, the Marquis of Salisbury,
Lord Ellenborough, Lord Strangford, and Lord Redcsdale,
in the centre of which was Lord Brougham. This circle of
Noble individuals continued in conversation for rather more than
a quarter of an hour. Of course we did not hear or cannot
state what was said; but Lord Brougham evidently was the
spokesman on the occasion, and kept his audience listening with
the most earnest attention to what he stated. The Noble and
Learned Lord then withdrew from those by whom he had
been thus surrounded, left the Tory side of the House, and
took his usual seat.
The Marquis of Lansdowne then went to the N.blc and
Learned Lord, and these two Noble Lords continued in con-
versation nearly five minutes, during the whole of which time
no business was done.
CANADA.—MR. ROEBUCK.

Lord BROUG HAM presented a petition from J. A.
Roebuck, Esq., formerly Member fur Bath, and now agent—
as he had been for some years— of the House of As-
sembly of Lower Canada. The petition set forth the
circumstances which proved his agency— a correspond-
ence with the Colonial-office, in cv.hcli he was recognised
in the capacity of agent; but it did not set foal' that he had
been already heard in that capacity by the House of Com-
mons. The prayer of the petition was, that in accordance
with the established usage of that Right Honourable House
he might be heard at the bar against the passing
of the Canada Bill. The only question was, in what
stage of the proceedings Mr. Roebuck should be heard?
He intended to have presented his petition yesterday, but the
House did not sit a moment. Mr. Roebuck wished it to be
distinctly understood that he did not by his present application
wish to throw any vexatious opposition or delay in the way of the
Bill, or with the desire of postponing the second reading.
Lord L ANSDOWNE apprehended that there could not
be the least objection on the part cf the Government to hear
Mr. Roebuck, because, as he applied in the character of re-
presentative of the House of Assembly, they were bound
—on every principle of justice—to hear their agent on a
Bill which so materially affected their interests—the
only question was as to time. He did not consider it would
make any difference to Mr. Roebuck whether he was heard
on the second reading, or upon the House going into Com-
mittee.

Lord ABERDEEN said that for his part he had no objec-
tion to hear Mr. Roebuck ; but he should like to know in
what capacity it was he claimed to be heard at the bar of their
Lordships' House. If he appeared as the agent of the House
of Assembly, he should decidedly say that the House ought
not to hear him. Ile had some doubts as to the capacity in
which Mr. Roebuck was to be received.
Lord BROUGliAMwasaware that a rather nice discussion
had taken place iri the other House as to the capacity in
which Mr. Roebuck should be heard. Perhaps the best way
would be to let him be heard, without stating that he was to
be heard as agent.
Lord ABERDEEN said that Mr. Roebuck was rather pe-
culiarly situated in respect to the House of Assembly. Al-
though he could not be considered as an accredited agent to
17er Majesty's Ministers in this country, still, connected as Mr.
Roebuck was with the House of Assembly, he must be
considered as the representative of tat body. He wished to
guard against a precedent being, set by which any person
should assume his right to be heard.
The Marquis of L ANSDOWNE said that Mr. Roebuck
might be considered the natural representative of their senti-
ments, as he was undoubtedly able to state their opinions.

Lord ABE RD EEN s lid that as it was not intended that
Mr. Roebuck should he heard to-morrow, perhaps
Lord BROUGHAM—It would be better to let the matter
stan•:d over.

Lord ABERDEEN remarked that it was understood
the conversation would extend over till to-morrow.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH would much rather hest. a
Gentleman callo was the agent of the Canadians than one that
stated himself to be the Agent of the house of Assembly.
The subject then dropped.
Lord BROUGHAM presented a petition from the Baptist
congregation of Cupar in Fife, against any additional endow-
ment to the Church of Scotland. The Noble Lord also pre-
sented a petition from the inhabitants of Annan in favor of
the extension of the Suff.age, the abolition of all property
qualification, and the Vote by Ballo.. The Noble Lord al-o
presented a petition from the Magistrates and Town Coun-
cil of Dumbarton, praying that measures might be intro-
duced for the protection of the voters, and that they
might have the Vote by Ballot. Also from the Magis-
tracts and Town Council of Annan, in favour of the Vote
by B tllot, and an Extension of the Suffrage. Also
from the Magstrates and Town Council of Cupar7in-
Fife, praying for the re-introduction of the Scotch
Municipal Bill of last year ; one from the same body in favour
of the County Gaol Bill; also one from the Magistrates and
Council of Portsmouth, in favour of toleration, which had
been acted upon for soma yearn, and praying that their
Lordships would give to British-born Jews all the rights
and privileges that were enjoyed by their fellow,su'ijects.
tie then proceeded ; My Lords, it is always with pain that I have
to complain of any' misrepresentation, but in this case I have but
tittle to complain of. The complaint I have to make it!. against
:a respectable morning Journal—me vt Woh has geatly advanced
the amelioration of the law, and the abolition of Slavery. In
remarking upon what fell from me the other night with respczt
to slavery, they have fallen into a very great mistake ; they make
me admit that the Bill of 1833 had been a failure, and that
it was of no value whatever. Sow, my Lords, I never admitted
any such thing. I have always denied that it vas 3 failure : I
have sometimes said that ii hild not worked so well as it
was anticipated ; but I have never said that it was a failure,
My Lords, it is said in the same Tiarter that my I;:ilucation
Bill ought to bt universally oppused, because nobody who has
a clue regard for the morals, and religion, and the sound educa-
tion of the people of this country, can patronise a measi-e wh;c4
does not connect itself with s(7ipttical education. It does so
happen that that Bill is the least liable to the charge of sin
or error in that respect ; for • it has a direct clause pr,,
venting the possibility of any assistance being Sinn unles,s
upon condition of the !iolr Fjecipturgs being a part of the

reading in such school.--( Hear, hear.) My Lr.r.ls, I cugh
to add th;t this Bill will alter the 7aw a 3 it now stands, for
as the law now stand; the 20,0001. a-year may be given to any
s2houli from vaich the Bible is excluded. Now, according
to my Bill, the money never can be given to any school
that does not recognise the Scriptures as an integral and
essential part of education. He did not complain of any in-
tentional misrtprcsentation, but such things had been stated
for the purpose or misleading the public on very important
questions, and creating a pejudice which was quite urefoundecl
BURNING OF THE CAROLINE STEAMER.

Lord EL LENBOROUGH begged to ask the Noble
Lord whether her Majesty's Government had received, any in-
Ermation relative to the unfortunate occurrence whkh had
taken place in Canada?
The Marquis of L ANSD WN E replied in the negative.
The House then adjourned at a few minutes before Six
o'Clock.
