THE 8(1N, LONDON, FRIDAY, JUNE 5, 1840.

would become a desert unless it obtained a supply of la-
bourers. He said it would be the course of the most spu-
rious and inconsiderate humanity to think they did their
duty in preventing this altogether, and the question was
whether or not they would procure such regulations as
would ensure the benefit of both parties—to the Indians by
their labour a decent subsistence, and to the Mauritius
that labour without which the colony could not long subsist.
SirS. LUSHINGTON regretted that a question of such
importance should have been agitated in such a form as in-
cidentally tacked in a clause or two to the Colonial
Passengers Bill, and that his Noble Friend had unfortu-
nately appended to these clauses a disquisition to convince
us of the advantage of introducing into our great and
and numerous colonies a fresh importation of labourers.
He was under the necessity of departing from the subject-
matter of discussion, as it had been done by those who had
gone before him, and to state the principles he entertained
on the subject, and the manner in which he would have
them carried into effect. It was urged that those who
were against the emigration of the Hill Coolies were op-
posed to all emigration ; but no man could seriously en-
tertain such a proposition. Could they be insensible to
the present state of the sugar market and to the petitions
on the table from the consuming population, urging them
to adopt measures which woula give them a larger mea-
sure of subsistence. Under these circumstances be had no
hesitation in declaring his opinion that every man who
considered this subject would desire that all reasonable
means should be adopted for increasing the
production of sugar by augmenting the price
of labour.---( Hear, hear, he/tr.) But the attention of the
House was now directed simply to the question of the
Mauritius. His Hon. Friend who had spoken lest had
accused the Hon. Member for Bridport of a want of
knowledge of facts, but had given no one contradiction.
He had accused them of introducing into this question re-
venge in the place of justice, supporting that proposition
by no one fact or argument, and his assertions, therefore,
savoured more of rash presumption than examination
of the question.—( Hear, hear.) He did not mean
to keep his place in the House and be accused of
revenge in delivering his opinions, and he never would,
so long as he had a scat in the House, endure the accusa-
tion without replying to it. Now, with respect to these
clauses they were simply to enable the Government to
carry into effect the importation of Hill Coolies from the
East Indies to the Mauritius. So far so good. But he
wanted to know how they had made the experiment ? They
had tried the utmost force of the Government of India to
prevent abuses. From day to day, from hour to. hour,
men were driven, kidnapped, and sent away on false sug-
gestions and information. He knew that more than
250 individuals had become incapable of labour from disease.
He wished to know whether his Right Hon. Friend was
going to arm the Governor-General of India with greater
powers? He also wished to know what was in the report
about the Hill Coolies ? ,
Sir J. HOBHO US E— It has never arrived I
Sir S. LUSHINGTON—Oh I that is most extraordi-
nary, for I happen to have a copy of it here.—( Hear.)
Sir J. HOBHOUSE—There is another report.
Sir S. LUSHINGTON had in the papers before him a
statement that a Committee bad been appointed by the
Governor-General to inquire into the export of Hill
Coolies ; that Committee had made a report, but that
report had never been brought forward. Now, be wanted
first to see that the exportation was just, right, and con-
scientious, and if be was satisfied of those facts, he would
go with his Noble Friend heart and hand to the next
topic to be considered. He bad in his band a report of
a gentleman who well understood the subject, and he said
that the fraud was beyond conception.—(Hear, hear.)
Perhaps his Noble Friend would state how he bad con-
trived to adopt a system of exportation from the East
Indies so admirably guarded that little was known respect-
ing it.—( Hear, hear.) What, he would ask, was to be-
come of the exportation from those parts of the East
Indies that did not belong to this country ?
Sir J. H OBH 0 OSE—There is no appropriation now.
Sir S. LUSHINGTON—That was true, but there was
that system carrying on there against which there was no
safe guard. Now, what had happened in the middle pas-
sage, the importation into the Mauritius?—( Hear, hear.)
He asked his Noble Friend the question, and in ;doing so
he was not ashamed to go back to past experience.—
( Hear, hear.) What was the security for the enforcement
of any Order in Council that should be made ?—(Hear,
hear.) Now, with respect to that, he would just advert to
a few facts. In 1810 this country possed that colony. In
1814 it was myaeclaersa,
fcraopmita2ls,feolooontyot3oo,imoopoorfetisolnaiveess,haadndbeyeent
committed.—(Hear,
a few
hear.) Orders in Council were issued
that none of the Governors should deal in slaves, and yet
every one of them had bought and sold them, and that had
been proved from the securities they produced. There was
not a single officer, except Sir Lionel Smith, upon whom
they could place a shade of reliance.—( Hear, hear.) The
administration of justice was poisoned in the Island of the
Mauritius, and he had presented petitions from merchants
and commercial men, who stated that they could not carry
on their commercial transactions unless a better system of
justice was adopted there. Such was the state of things in
that Island, that the Government might make what ordi-
nances they pleased, but they would pay no attention to
them.—( Hear, hear.) By the blessing of God, however,
a gentleman had come from the Mauritius, who stated that
if they adopted his plan all these things would be put an
end to. Speaking of the Hill Coolies that gentleman said
they were all treated in the worst manner by being over-
worked, attd by the chastisement they received ; that their
lodgings were most filthy, or they had none at all, and
that in case of sickness advice was withheld from them alto-
gether.—( Hear.) Now if the Noble Lord would find him
a system that would provide against those evils—if they
would give him responsible, agents, he would not be op-
posed to voluntary emigration into the Mauritius.—( Hear,
hear.) But vihat was the state of that colony ? Why the
persons there were worked with police inspectors over
I them, and were, in fact, slaves to all intents and purposes.
Was this no slavery, he would ask ? It was a mockery of
the grant of twenty millions, and it was a mere fallacy to
suppose that those who went there were free labourers.--
(Hear.) He, for one, could not believe them to be so

when he looked at the documents he held in his hand.—
( Hear.) Look, then, to mortality. What was the state-
ment of Mr. Anderson upon that subject ? Why that it
amounted to no less than eight or nine per cent. per an-
num. Did they wish it to be greater ?—( Hear.) He, for
one, thought that the population would be worn out quite
sufficiently with that.—( Hear, hear.) At present the
system carried on there was brutal in the extreme. The
proportion of the sexes introduced there was extremely un,
equal—thirty men to one woman, and nothing was more
destructive to peace. The contract between the master and
the man was continually violated, and not a single case
could be shown where that compact had been set aside.
The whole number of the population was between
60,000 and 70.000, of which between 25,000 and 30,000
were imported into the Mauritius. What were the effects
of that? Why, there were 25,000 .slaves introduced into
so small a population, that it was a discouragement to per-
sons to do their duty. Where was the necessity, he would
ask, of preferring the Mauritius to all other colonies ?
Was it because the planters there had not labourers?
Just the reverse. Look to the increase of the products of
the Mauritius. In 1825 it was 93,000, while in the last
year it was 612,000, so that in fifteen years it doubled itself
six-fold. What he asked, and what he wanted from
his Noble Friend was not to discourage emigration--he
was in favour of it. But what he wanted was, that the
whole subject should be considered together. He wished
to see great rational regulat;ons propounded to the House,
and established by its authority, and the executory princi-
ple applied to them, and that they should not be a dead
letter, but be carried into every quarter of the globe in
which emigration had taken place. These were his views,
and he was sure his Noble Friend would not think that he
was raising an improper opposition in the course he was
adopting. His firm conviction was, diminished as the pro-
duct of the country was at present, he entertained no
doubt in declaring that that diminution would be less from
time to time.—( Hear, hear.) Did he, therefore, wish to
put a stop to the raising the productions ? No such
thing. He wished to extend to the people of that coun-
try the use of that produce, and he would not do any
thing to Out a stop to its being raised, provided its produc-
tion did not trample upon first principles.—( Hear, hear.) '
Time had been given to consider the past and present
state of the Mauritius, and also, considering whether there
was any individual in the country in whom confidence
could be placed. He had known something of the Mau-
ritius. He had known of Governors going out and com-
ing in, and he must confess that he knew of only one per-
son in that colony in whom any confidence could be placed.
Loud cries of " Hear, hear.") Under these circum-
stances it was difficult to know what line ought to be pursued.
with respect to the Bill. As to the clauses, there could
be no objection to them, but he was now called upon to
give his consent to them, upon the supposition that an
Order in Council would be founded upon them. Whether
that order would be i.sued or not, he would not pretend
to determine ; but all he could say was, that he trusted
his Noble Friend would give Hon. Members 30111 C little
time to consider the subject.—( Hear.) . .

Mr. MA CAULA Y said that he should not detain the
House many minutes, but he felt exceedingly unwilling
not to folloW his Right Hon. Friend who had just sat
down, Ile (Mr. Macaulay) entertained such high respect
for him, and he felt so much pain in differing from him,
that after the statement he had made he should feel un-
willing to give a vote without stating the ground
upon which he made it.--( Hear, hear.) With regard
to general principles, there was little difference
between his Right Hon. Friend and himself. He had
stated that it was most desirable that emigration should be
rrii
etdhr: b.t
that
atl
it feew(
wherever
Ir. cultivatorsi‘i,scl
aait,
Macaulay)
sr
tebecedd:bi
yei
it
with e:
was
haprejudicial.
a, suppliediniezci
gehs..t
encouraged, and. he knew how important it was that those
parts of the empire in which there were wide tracks of fen:
sHwtailiruetyhnl.talhanFabdrtoilwerlestrictions should be placed ongp wenmiciigoruast,i ownh.
when
(Hear, hear.) He always. considered. that to permit
while slavery existed, emigration to such places as:
HB act
thoughtbadoes and
it
was Guiana,
.lii
the
highestt.!o u l would
degree
r ehei
Nimialnuritias
the evil of slavery was eradicate?, to maintain the restric-
tions, which nothing but the existence of slavery could jus-
tify.—( Hear, bear, hear. ) If there was any part of the
• from which it appeared desirable to encourage empire
emi-
gration, that part was India;. if there was any part of the
gra-
teilo7irethaitnMauritius.—(Hear.)
as
.b7l e
(t o.i i c encouragear.)
a
the rate of wages in silver was six times the rate received
part
hit
in that part of the empire in which they were called on to
wasw Ma sa
udrei ts
protect the natives from emigration.—(Hear.) It was a
fact that at the very time the subject was under debate in
that House, and Gentlemen were resisting the emigration
of the Coolies, the Governor-General in his journey
through India was obliged to go out of the way to avoid
the thousands who were dying of famine.—(Cries of
" Hear, hear.") He understood his Right Hon. Friend
to agree to the general principle of free emigration, but
only to contend that in this case there were some circum-
stances to overbalance the difference between famine and
plenty—between Is. and 2d. a day. His Right Hon.
Friend was not present when his Noble Friend the Secre-
tary for the Colonies developed his scheme. His Right
Hon. Friend spoke in strung language, but not stronger
than the circumstances warranted, of the disparity of the
sexes. But his Noble Friend had stated that be had in
view a measure to obviate that evil,.—( Hear.) His Right

Hon. Friend spoke of the deceptions practised (in the
highest degree atrocious) by the agents of the planters,
when engaging the Coolies in Calcutta. But his Noble
Friend had stated that no agency would be allowed in
India, but that of agents authorised by the Government.
His Noble Friend had stated, in respect to the enslaved
condition of the Coolies, that the contracts were limited
to twelve months, and that every Coolie should be at
liberty to choose his master. With respect to the diffi.
culty which the Coolies found in obtaining redress,
through their ignorance of the language, his Right Hon.
Friend might have learned from the documents, that
there were in the Mauritius a considerable number of
civil servants of the East India Company, who were ac-
quainted with the language of the natives, and who felt
the deepest interest in their welfare. This circumstance
of itself made the greatest difference between the case of
the Mauritius and the West Indies. It was true that there
had been most lamentable instances in the history of the
Mauritius ; but without imputing revengeful feelings to his
Noble Frier:d, the Member for Bridport, he would say
that if the Mauritius carried on the Illicit slave trade after
it had been abandoned by the other colonies, that should
not be attributed to a disregard of the laws and wishes of
the mother country so much as to the greater proximity of
that colony to the slave market. He thought also that
the great evils which existed in the condition of the emi-
grant Coolies, did not partake of the character of the
slave trade, but were evils naturally incidental to unregu-
lated emigration. No one bad been more excited in
the contest about the abolition of slavery than himself,
but instead of having any vindictive feeling against the
former slave-owners, he desired the prosperity of those
colonies in which slat cry lately existed more than that of
any other portion of the empire. Because he was con-
vinced that if their prosperity declined, whilst that of the
slave colonies of other eountries increased, a great injury
would be done to humanity, by enabling the slave-holding
countries to point to the ruined state of our emancipated
colonies.—( Hear, hear.) He belieied that the Bill was
calculated to promote the. prosperity of those colonies,
which were formerly cultivated by slaves, and were hence-
forth to be cultic ated by freemen, and on that account, in
spite of all chances of misrepresentation, he would give the
Bill his most cordial support._( Hear, hear.)
Mr. IR VING had heard the speech of the Right Hon.
Gentleman with great satisfaction, and he assured the
great degree necessary:to
There was a great deficiency
of well as in the West Indies.
theH House
labour
cultivationse t hat
in the t
h oaftmeasure
Mauritius.c o ,
corny,
n wasa s isT l a
i
The production of sugar had greatly fallen off, and instead
of exporting that article as formerly, we had now scarcely
a sufficient supply for ourselves. The expense of labour
greatly exceeded the price of the article in the home
market. His Right Hon. Friend (Dr. Lushington)
had not examined the documents with his usual care, or
he would have found that the mortality of the Coolies was
no more that 2f or 3 per cent. ; that their condition was
by no means so bad as he described, but that, on the
contrary, their health was generally improved, and they
were, for the most part, contented with their masters.—
( Hear.) In fact, the evils that existed were only such
as were found in the labouring classes of every country in
the world, and from which this country was not exempt.—
( Hear.) To prevent the people of India from bringing
their labour from the market, in which they could get
only 2d. a-day, to that in which they would receive a
shilling, would be to impose on them the worst of all sla-
very, the slavery of the will. He agreed with the Right
Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Macaulay) that the West Indies
ought to be allowed to receive a supply of labour from
the same source as the Mauritius.
Mr. O'CONNELL said there could be no doubt that
the emigration of free labourers was a desirable thing, if it
were fred emigration. What he resisted was crimping,
and not emigration. Not one single part of the speech of
the Hon. and Learned Gentleman, the Member for the
Tower Hamlets, had been answered; and not one of the
defects in the means of guarding these emigrants, which
he had pointed out, had been replied to. It was admitted
by the Government that emigration could not continue ex-
cept under proper checks and guards, and they stated they
would begin the experiment in India, and appoint agents
there. The appointment of Government agents would give
him (Mr. O'Connell) no satisfaction at all, unless he knew
the details by which it was proposed t• be carried out. The
principle was good, but the practical working of
it would be bad. His object was to show that
these clauses ought to be postponed for the pre-
sent ; and, in the first place, he begged to state that
he objected to the House agreeing to the clauses until it
knew what the agency was to be, and how the machinery
was to be put in motion that was to protect the emigrants
in the Mauritius.—( Hear, hear.) Who were to be the
agents? The Right Hon. Secretary at War had stated
that he believed there would be plenty of invalids found
in the Mauritius who would be willing to take care of the
Hill Coolies. He (Mr. O'Connell) thought the invalids
would'have enough to do to take care of their own health ;
and the statement that invalids would be found to stop out
day and night to protect the Hill Coolies showed that the
Government plan was not matured.—(Hear, hear, and
laughter.) But did not the papers show that the mode in
which these wretched Hill Coolies were made to work was
under the dread of the police ; the police force was
used to compel them to work, and would any body say
that that was not slave-labour ?—( Hear, hear.) Then
again, none of the Hill Coolies could leave without a
written pass—and was not that slave-labour? But he
begged to ask would a Christian Legislature tolerate the
horror and abominations that must follow from the state of
a population in which there were thirty, or forty, or fifty
males to one female ? This was a subject of great im-
portance. The British empire had paid 20,000,000/. to
emancipate slaves, and it was deplorable to think that a
new slavery was growing up.. He bad no resentment
towards the planters of the Mauritius, but it. wings.
horror of their crimes. Of what use would an agency
be at Calcutta ?—(Hear, hear.) In those countries,
where there was little or no public opinion,
how easy would it be for the wealthy planters to have such
a communication with the agents as would induce them to
shut their eyes ? He (Mr. O'Connell) shuddered at the
attempt' to legalise a new slave trade. There ought to be
alpermanent tribunal of protectorship in the Mauritius, to
which persons should be appointed, whose sole duty it
would be to protect the emigrants. When a scheme of
that kind was laid before the House, he would not resist
the experiment being made; and he begged leave in con-
clusion, to move, as en amendment, that the consideration
of the clauses he postponed for six months.
Mr. EWA RT seconded the amendment.

Mr. VERNON SMITH would occupy the House but
a very short time. He must, however, state that the opi-
nions which the Hon. and Learned Gentleman who had
just sat down had expressed, and which he had always en-
tertained upon this subject, entitled him to a permanent
pre-eminence among those who sincerely advocated the
abolition of slavery instead of a silent extension.--(Loud
cheers from the Ministerial benches.) He (Mr. V. Smith),
however, would not have risen if many Hon. Gentlemen
now present had not been absent when his Noble Friend
the Secretary for the Colonies made his statement. The
Hon. and Learned Gentleman had stated that he only ob-
jected to crimping. The plan proposed would provide still
greater security against it. The Right Honourable and
Learned Member for the Tower Hamlets stated that
every means of preventing it had been tried already ; but
that Right Hon. Gentleman could not have considered the
Bill ; because he ( Mr. V. Smith) believed the means of
instructing labourers of the conditions on which they were
departing, and of compelling them to take females with
them, had never before been proposed. The question of
emigration to the West Indies, was one of the great ques-
tions that agitated the colonies ; in fact, it was the ques-
tion of the colonies. Since his Noble Friend (Lord J.
Russell) had been at the Colonial Office, great attention
had been paid to this subject, and the West Indian interest
had not been dissatisfied with the progress, although
not so quick as they wished, that had been made. Then
. .

,t bad been stated there was no prohibition against expor-
tation from other parts of India; but in answer to that he
would observe that the greater the number of people intro-
duced into the Mauritius the less danger would there be
of their being ill-treated. Then the Right Hon Gen.
tleman bad stated the Mauritius ought not to have been
separated from the other West Indian colonies, because
there was no colony that had so abused its powers as the
Mauritius. He (Mr. V. Smith) had not heard during the
three quarters of a year that be had been at the Colonial.
office of such gross complaints as the Right lion. Gentle-
man bad made against the authorities of the Mauritius; and
i nquiri nign i ntthoet hseumg.ar Tiemuhpleteni
vnatdhtiienugeßriuugifhnt
colony
oiLni
ueysarnoeemdr
if half of the charges the Right lion. Gentleman had made
was true, the House ought not to pause a minute without
Gentleman had asked whether there had been any de-
creasett eo
thatni a a cl
twhhee
at hh
seer
ntchee roef was aunt.
eyrs
Upon that subject, he begged
cease.
rocoalasupe p.
tehaeil
The
hoes
etihnz eicaeph aot pfleilruasuh,
.0 buyGr
Gentleman,
lgi
ecamhr
-aigtnr,wo ould be seen, that,
iwni ntgh
the course
likely f
histo
observations, had objected to the Bill, on the ground that
it was what he had beer pleased to call piece-meal legis-
lation ; but he ( Mr. Smith) would ask whether
it was not better to begin by degrees, and to
select oile place upon which the current of public opinion
might be set. As regarde I the choice of the Mauritius,
he thought nobody would deny, if one colony was to be
selected from all the others, that it ought to be that one
nearest to the place from which labourers were to be ex-
ported. In the present instance, that colony was the
Mauritius. In his opinion, the plan of the Noble Lord
was not subject to any of those objections which had been
urged against it, and it could not by any possibility be
said that he meant to return to the old system,
and not to introduce a new one.—(Hear, hear.)
One word as to the mode of the discussion. The House
would recollect that it was in answer to a question by the
Hon. Member for Pembroke, who wished the matter
should not be treated by an Order in Council, but be
brought before the House, that his Noble Friend bad pro-
posed to raise the discussion by introducing these clauses
into the present Bill,--( Hear, hear.) With regard to the
phrase, " vindictive justice," which had been attributed to
the Hon. and Learned Member for Liskeard, he must say
that lie did not believe that any
such feelings entered the
mind of his Right Hon. Friend the Member for the Tower
Hamlets. He trusted that the Act for the emancipation
of the slaves would be an Act of indemnity on both sides,
and an utter oblivion of all that had previously taken place.
Mr. O'CONNELL wished to know whether the motion
of the Noble Lord should not be in the nature of an in-
struction to the Committee.
Lord J. RUSSELL did not think it necessary.
Mr. O'CONNELL said the title of the Bill was to
extend to the British West Indian Colonies an Act passed
in the 3d and 4th William IV., and instead of doing that,
they hopper: over to the Mauritius ; there was not one word
about the West Indies in them.
The SPEAKER said it appeared to him that the
amendments were inconsistent with the title of the Bill.
Mr. MACKINNON hoped the Noble Lord would not
press his amendments, under these circumstances.
Lord J. RUSSELL certainly should press them, and
would rut,ve them by way of au instruction to the Com.
mittee.

Mr. O'CONNELL would meet the proposition with a
direct negative.
Mr• GLADSTONE did not think the present
discussion would decide the merits of the question,
as regarded the introduction of Hill Coolies into

the Mauritius, because the power and control which
the Goverment possessed over these territories would en-
able them to make arrangements for that purpose, without
corning to the House. It was said that in voting for the
present motion they would be giving their assent to the
plan of the Noble Lord. Now, it appeared to him that
the Ilouse should not be asked, with its present imperfect
knowledge of the subject, to give its assent to any plan.—
( Hear, hear.) He was glad of the tone the debate had
assumed, and that it had been admitted on all hands that
emigration into the colonies was necessary, not alone for
the interests of the planters, but the interests of humanity.
He was satisfied that it would be in vain to expect
any permanent prosperity in the Colonies unless steps were
taken to promote the immigration of free labourers. Under
these circumstances he regretted that any division should
take place, because the Noble Lord merely wished, by the
present discussion, to ascertain the feeling of the House
upon the subject. When the plan was adopted, the expe-
riment must be made upon the responsibility of the Noble
Lord himself. Numerous and grave were the difficulties
which beset the question. Not presuming to judge whe-
ther the Noble Lord was right in selecting the Mauritius
as the spot for the experiment, he differed from him in same
of the representations which he had given of this colony.
He was aware that in certain respects the Mauritius might
be the best field for the experiment, but it would not be very
difficult to mention others, in which it was; no less
fevourable.—( Hear, hear, hear.) He wished, there-
fore, to guard against expressing himself either the one
way or the other upon the question. But he cordially
thanked the house for the strong opinions which had been
expressed in fevour of providing by any unobjectionable means
for additional labour in the West Indies. Satisfied with
that general feeling, he would vote for the clauses, wish-
ing thereby only to give his assent to the general principle,
and to leave the experiment to he tried on the responsi-
bility of the Government.
Lord J. RUSSELL said the way in which he under-
stood the proposition was pretty nearly that expressed by
the Hon. Member for Newark. In consequence of cer.
tain Orders in Council, debates had taken place in Parlia-
ment, especially in the other House, from which it seemed
to he the general feeling that the emigration of 11111
Coolies Irem India to the Mauritius should not be al-
lowed, in the manner in which it was then pro-
ceeding. He was convinced that such emigration
might be desirable, but in the face of that feeling in Par-
liament he did not consider it proper to proceed with the
system till he had taken care to lay before Parliament his
opinions on the subject. When he had so done the Right
Hon. Baronet the Member for Pembroke suggested that
clauses carrying out those opinions should be introduced
into this Bill. Now if the House should agree to these
clauses they would not pledge themselves to the Govern-
ment plan nor approve of any plan at all, but so far agree
to general principles that he should then feel himself at
liberty to advise the Crown to use the power which was
now vested in it, and which he could have done before but
that he did not wish to proceed in opposition to the feeling
of Parliament. Should Parliament so far sanction the
general principle he would then introduce a plan matured
with the greatest consideration, and with every:information
he could obtain from the parties most practically enabled
to afford it ; and as far as possible designed to prevent the
abuses which had been found to exist.—( Hear, hear.)
It would then be competent for either House, of course, to
express its opinion on the subject. But supposing the
House agreed to these clauses, it would at least declare
that Parliament did not wish wholly and unconditionally
to prohibit the removal of Hill Coolies to the Mauritius.
Mr. MACKINNON said that as the Noble Lord con-
sidered he possessed the power sought to be conferred by
this Bill, it really looked as if the Noble Lord wanted to
fish a sort of pledge from the House. However, as the
Noble Lord stated that the House would not be pledged
by the clauses to any particular scheme, he should support
them.

Mr. WAKLEY said he trusted the House would not
proceed with the clauses till the Noble Lord produced
his plan.
Lord J. RUSSELL (interrupting) begged to state
that if these clauses were not agreed to, he would not
propose any plans to Parliament on the subject.
Mr. WAKLEY said, if the clauses were agreed to,
all that had been done for the two last Sessions on the
subject would be upset.—(Oh, oh.) The introduc-
tion of the Hill Coolies was now suspended. What was
the object of introducing them into the Mauritius ? Did
any body imagine that the Members of that House cared
anything about the welfare of the Hill Coolies ?—( Oh,
oh.) He knew that he would be met with those excla-
mations.—( A laugh.) But what tEd the House care
about the condition of labourers in this country.—(Re-
newed cries of " Oh, oh.") I'ropositions for the benefit
of that class were hardly ever successful. flow, for in-
stance was the Corn-law question treated ?—( Oh, oh.) He
knew all this was unpleasant to some Members.
But his conviction was, that this importation of
Hill Coolies was desired solely for the benefit of the pro-
prietors—that there was no wish to benefit the Indian la-
bourers. And he considered this proposal virtually cal-
culated to revive the odious slave traffic evils.--(0h, oh.)
Ile was sure the public would so regard No.) He,
at all events, advised the House not to proceed with these
clauses till the plan of the Noble Lord was before them,
that they might see what were the guards and checks pro-
posed, and judge how far they would be effectual to pre-
vent the cruelties and impositons that might otherwise be
practised ou the Indians. Surely there was no great haste
for the Bill ; and the delay of a single week would be
sufficient to arrange the whole plan.
Sir C. G Y was met by cries of " Oh, oh." He said
the knowledge he had of the Indian population mainly to be
affected by this Bill, induced him to say a few words.
It appeared to ii im that all the Noble Lord meant was to
....e.art.tits the sense of the House as to whether, if he could
devise a plan which would necessarily ensure the com-
fort of the Hill Coolies, in the event of their emigrating,
he would not be justified in relaxing the present restric-
tions. Ile did not, however, share in the fear expressed by
others of an inadequate supply of sugar, so as to render this
immigration neceesary ; and although India was densely po-
pulated, yet it had undeveloped resources to an immense
extent. It was, however, certain that there were many
persons out of employment in that country, and many
were Hill Coolies; and in settling Saugur Island at the
mouth of the Ganges, it was found that these Hill Coolies
formed the best settlers and most industrious labourers in
' the world. It was therefore desirable that they should be
enabled to emigrate to those countries where they could
obtain adequate wages for their labour. They were all
anxious for employment, and there would be no necessity
for using any coercion towards them to induce them to
come down to the coast. When they came down to Cal.
cutta they might, perhaps, be in danger of being cribbed,
but nothing was easier than for the Government to prevent
this by the exercise of the power they possessed. No ship
could possibly leave the port without being subjected to a
rigid examination. He did not believe it would be neces-
sary to extend the indulgeucc to any other part than Cal-
cutta, and he was satisfied that any danger there might be
obviated. He thought the Noble Lord had done wisely in
drawing the distinction he had done between the Mauritius
and the West Indies. They would not be liable to any
sudden change of climate, nor would they have to under-
take a long voyage in going to the Mauritius.--( Hear.)
Ile thought the Learned Judge the Member for the Tower
Hamlets,:had not done justice to the planters of the Mauri-
tlus. If that colony were the only one of the sugar colo-
nies in a prosperous state, and if that were the colony
where the greatest number of Hill Coolies were residing,
surely that was an argument for regulating, not for pro•
hibiting, the emigration to that island.
Mr. O'CONNELL wished to ask the Noble Lord if
he would have any objection to lay before the House the
ordinances by which he meant to regulate the trade in
sufficient time, previous to their being carried into effect,
to' enable Hon. Members to judge of the nature of those
ordinances.

Lord J. RUSSELL could make no engagement on
the subject.
The House then divided, when the numbers were—
For the motion
Against the motion
Majority
The Bill then went through Committee, and the seve-
ral clauses were agreed to without any discussion.
REGISTRATION OF VOTERS BILL.

Lord J. RUSSELL moved the Order of the Day for
the second reading of this Bill.
Sir T. FREMANTLE hoped the Noble Lord would
not then proceed with the Bill.

Lord JOHN RUSSELL said that the Bill was merely
taken in its turn among the Orders of the Day.
Sir CHARLES DOUGLAS and Mr. DARBY op_
posed the Bill being brought on, as it would be taking the
House by surprise, it having been generally understood
that it would not be brought on that evening. If the
Noble Lord persisted in bringing it on, they should op.
pose every form of the House to obstruct its progress.
After a few words from Sir THOMAS FRE•
MANTLE,

Lord JOHN RUSSELL said, as it appeared to be
the wish of the House, he would postpone the second
reading until Thursday next.
METROPOLITAN POLICE. COURTS BILL.
On the Order of the Day for the second reading of this
Bill being read,
Mr. H AWES said it appeared to him, if any amendment
of the Act of last year took place, it would be a breach of
faith, unless notice of it were given to the public. The
object of that Bill was not merely to increase the coercive
, powers of the Magistrates, but to give them a civil jurisdic-
tion for the redress of wrongs, for which there was none at
present without great expense of time and money. The
Committee stated they only recommended the augmentation
of these powers on. condition they should be exercised by
professional persons. But the House was now going. to disre-
gard the intention and recommendation of the Committee.
He did not believe the House would have consented to
the Bill but for its being founded on the recommenda-
tion of the Committee, and if it was to be amended, why
should it be amended imperfectly ? One great objection
he had to the Bill was, the Magistrates created by it
would not be required to make formal reports as other
Magistrates were, The Police Courts had been made ex-
ceedingly useful to the upper classes, but it would be nei-
ther useful nor popular with others so long as its powers
were so limited, and their exercise so expensive. The Go-
vernment were pledged to givo Civil Courts accessible to
the working classes, and he wished to know what was their
intention in that respect?
Mr. F. M A UL E was not surprised that his Honourable
Friend should be anxious to see a measure founded on the
recommendation of the Committee of which be had been
chairman. But his Honourable Friend was mistaken in
supposing that the Goverment bad raised the salaries of
the Magistrates to 1,2001. a-year, as the Bill of last year
enabled them. The salaries were only 1,000/. The ob-
ject of the Bill was to prepare for making the Police Courts
general throughout the country. One of the first steps
of his Noble Friend would be to carry out the provisions of
the Bill of last year, and he hoped his Hon. Friend would
not persevere in the course which be had intimated.
The Bill was read a second time, and ordered to be com•
milled on Thursday.
MENDICANCY (IRELAND) BILL.
Lord AIOR 1) ET H said that in consequence of commu-
nications he had received, it was not his intention to press
the Bill in the present Session. It had been suggeste
that a Bill for the suppression of mendicancy could not

ell be enfm c 'd until the Poor-laws were in full operation,
and that at least the measure ought not to be passed until
the. necessity for it had arisen. _He should therefore ;slow
the Bill to drop, and accordingly moved that the Order be
read for the purpose of being expunged.
The Order was accordingly expunged.
The House then went into Committee upon the Settled
Estates Drainage Bill.

Lord MORPETII asked whether the Hon. Member for
Berkshire intended that the Bill should extend to Ireland
and Scotland ?

Mr. PUSSY replied in the negative.
The Bill then passed through Committee, and was or-
dered to be reported on Thursday next.
The Inclosure Acts Amendment Bill went through
Committee pro ji)rma, and the report was received.
Mr. BROTIIERTON, upon being called upon to
make the motion that stood in his name upon the paper,
~aid—Sir, I move that the House do now adjourn.--
(Great laughter, and cries of " No, no.")
Mr. FOX MAUL E obtained leave to bring in a Bill to
facilitate the union of counties for the purposes of prisons
and to amend an Act of last Session of Parliament, in-
tituled, " An Art to Improve Prisons and Prison Disci-
pline in Scotland."

After a few words from Mr. Green, Sir William Rae,
and the Lord Advocate,

Mr. BAINES moved for a return of the number of
persons appointed as protectors of the aborigines in the
colonies and settlements of Great Britain ; return of the
amount of salary paid to each functionary so employed ;
also, copies or extracts from any despatches relating to the
kidnapping and sale of Indians by the persons called post-
holders in British Guiana in 1837, 1838, and 1839 ; also,
for copies, abstracts, or extracts of judicial proceedings in
all cases relating to such proceedings, with the result of
such proceedings.--Ordered.

Mr: MUTT nominated the follost ing Select Committee
on grinding corn in bond :—Mr. Hutt, Sir Robert Peel,
Lord Darlington, Lord Viscount Sandon, Sir .Lime
s
Graham, Mr. Miles, Sir Charles Douglas, Mr. Emerson
Tennent, Mr. Villiers, Mr. Hawes, Colonel Wood, Sir
Joim SPale, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Joseph Green, and
-Lord Worsley.

On Mr. k Ol MALTLE bringing in his Prison Di ci_
pline Bill,

An HON. MEMBER moved the House - be counted, and
there not being 40 Members present, the House adjourned
at a Quarter to One o'Clock.

GYPSIES.

TO THE EDITOR OP THE SUN.

Mr. Enrron,—Having, in your columns of to-day
(June 3), seen a statement as to the origin of that " in-
teresting" tribe, ycicped gypsies, in which you assert on
the authority of Lord Tcignmouth that they are of
Eastern origin, to strengthen his assertion I beg to give
you the following little anecdote :—Chance directed my
steps, about this time last year, to the goodly "ciudad"
of Seville, in the south of Spain. An inmate of the same
" fonda" as myself, was a character whom none could
decipher ; even his country was an enigma, which, from
his conversation, it was impossible to solve, for with
equal fluency could he talk English and French, Spanish
and Italian. He had an Albanian servant, with whom
he often held darksome discourse. In that he was a
Babel in himself—a very amalgamation of every tongue.
I was, as I before said, at the same " hostelrie" with
this mysterious unknown, in the course of things became
acquainted with hint, and we formed a party to visit the
interesting Roman ruins of Italica, at a short &stance
from the " rneraviglia" of cities, the fair Seville. Italica,
amongst many interesting remains, can boast of the ruins
of a fine amphitheatre, in the ruined cells of which a tribe
of gypsies had comfortably established themselves. Ac-
customed to their appearance in Andalusia, I was not
astonished at their coming to beg " la limosna" (alms),
but I certainly was rather taken aback when my com-
panion, addressing them in the llindee dialect, recalled
to my mind associations long since forgotten, nor were
his words lost on his audience. The old sybil of the
tribe, on hearing the magic sounds, cast herself at his
feet, with the greatest enthusiasm. I was dumb with
surprise, but could elicit nothing more from my myste-
rious companion than that he was talking a dialect he
had picked up in Moultan—that he owed his life more
than once to these itinerant tribes, and here he
ceased—So does your most obedient,
June 3.

E. N.

EVENIN9r EDITION•

SPIRIT of the PUBLIC JOURZiAL

--val. ---
FROM TFIE MORNING PAP Ets OF THIS DAT.
. (From the Monthly
.
, (Aronicle.)
..
After the 'torrents of abuse heat upon Alini“er 3 "
, . ,
their alleged design of sapping
and unseal 'tun
national Church, by a latitudinarian'
scheme of education, concocted in con cert with. r. Pi"'
Dissenters, and Infidels, it is certainly i tot a little extra
ordinary to find the leading organ of the party wi,.cse el
th 1. foundations o f th
nurciations arc still ringing from coup try Pa/
Exeter-hall platforms, coming forward with ..the iran
avowal that " never was a more foolish and: pete lant thin,
pits an
done than the refusal of the ministerial
tional purpose,, by the members of the Chur ch o f England
that inspector;
on account of the condition attached to L'',
eat of the
should be appointed to attest the propel emp:oYrn
grant." The fact seems to be that it is no lot ger pes-
- to use the education question as a party ."."P°ll,l
own.an
The time is past when Tory candidates could go £ gi•ant 'for eduea
alarm country constituencies with such monstrous fict,l"3
as that Government intended to banish the Bill to
'real
scho )Is. For a time the very audacity of these int, rep,fec:
sentations procured them some degree of credence. .up,
.0. or. u
spectable people living apart from the political
wilen they saw men of standing in society, and (11'31.1,11e
guished professional reputation, gravely declaring', lits,
\hr. Thesvier for instance, to tho electors of Neol":"
that the object of the Ministerial elcheme was to -cleriv.e
t,arents of the power of educating ti,eir children in their
own religious belief, naturally felt sorie reluctance to b
,ea -,
!ie.\ c that assertions so confidently 11
advao,ced and
support
•)y such high authority, were the most cratuitous, 0,11"
strous falsehoods (to use no harsher term),
to Which
t"
excitement of party spirit ever gave birth.

(From the Times ) which
A practice appears to be groping up ftPni arise*
ti e greatest dangers to the national interests 01.8).1abio.
and from which the worst (because the most irremetwa
consequences may very fairly be expected. Wh'eP
state the existence of a dangerous and mischievous Pr
tice, and add that it is one which prevails in a• o,,st
üblic department of the Melbourne Ministry, 111-0.
people no doubt are ready to exclaim, " And what of.the
Why trouble yourself with units, when myriads are betviis'
before you? We know, as well as you
do, •
tie,
gross malpractice pervades every branch stnd, se
eh
of the Government; what is this, then, ei ales
you complain?" The subject of our complaint origii:
with the Foreign-office, and the principal culprit is 710,
Palmerston. We recollect no instance of oifirist the
being sought for in either House of Parliament a9l the
state of our affairs with foreign Powers, whereto
most systematic and discouraging obstacles have 11°1 bee,
thrown in the way of all such inquiry ever ip:rhtey.in-
cession of the present Ministers. Whether the
terrogated be Lord Palmerston or Lord Melbourne hin3-
d, or
self, whether the scene of the application be 11°r-,i for
Commons, it is all alike—the most anxious &man" o°lcl
ulti
intelligence the most useful is met invariablyby the., be
4,
st
official rigmarole—viz., that such disclosures vvo
detrimental to the public service," and therefore "lilu
not be made."

(From the Morning Post.)
Unless we greatly mistake the character of the 7-1 or
people, it will not suffer the existence of institutions'
ero
submit to strokes of policy which treat religion 15 .6 ffter
popular foible, which it is expedient to indulge' -
whatever fashion the various sections of the people 10iIi;
prefer. Of this we believe the cunning Papists are
the
firmly convinced as we are, and if they encourage ith
liberal and atheistical policy of treating all religions i‘that
a contemptuous impartiality, it is because they ker.(' to
this will lead to revolution, and revolution mag.arleirs of
their supremacy. It is even more true in the o'•ad, to
religion than in those of civil polity, that anarchy I" riect
despotism, and poor human nature, tossed and yea
upon a sea of doubts, and disputations, and contradie!leca,
will take refuge in the most sternly-exclusive system t
find, as a haven of peace. Such is the Romanist aYste
encouragta
and if the Romanists of this empire now
liberalism in respect of religion, it is because theY be Pheave
gather in the spoil of the wreck when liberalism shall;-
done its work.

(From the Morning Herald.) by
In the House of Lords, last night, the presentation
yo
Earl Fitzwilliam, of certain anti—Corn-law petitions, 0.0
rise to an incidental discussion on the nature of the tae
now employed by the enemies of English
Earl Fitzwilliam having twaddled for some time, ifi„§
customary fashion, as to the importance of the petr.,'";;li,
entrusted to his care, was requested by the Duke of D''''re
mond to favour the house with a statement of thelletur,
of his Lordship's impending motion on the Corn.latei; °no
as his Grace jocularly observed, with a statement of the ter
of the motion which the House was to be called on to “11`
gative." No sooner had the Duke made use of the depit;
ciatory phrase, than up bounced Earl Fitzwilliam, !ft' va
a tone, and with an aspect from which Liston toigh'„a,.„
derived useful hints for the impersonation of 11.16,Ww"..
by ant ici patiob,
expatiated on the heinousness of disposing
of motions so important as those which he is rent to V ~
mit to the House. " Does the Noble Duke considet,
agricultubl,
exclaimed, in true conventicle fashion, the bead of th!
house of Wentworth, that the q uestion of the Corn-lava:
is a question affecting the food of thepeople ? Does 0
as
Noble Duke consider that it is a question of exports,
well as of imports?" &c. To these miserable platitudes,
the Duke of Richmond's reply was brief.

THE MARKETS.

COUNTRY MARKETS

Wheat. Barley. Oats. ' Bea..s. I"S'
_ • ___.---,-
l'er Quarter„ is. to s. s. s. s. to s. s: to 14.
Bath ....... ~... 68 80 26 46 j '26 35 44 56 -
...
Bland ford ....-... 70 76 30 40 28 29, 48 50 -,
Britiport «.,..,,.' - 68 .-- . -.-. - 7.4
Chard —.—..• 50 78 32 42 24 82 34 45 1 0 7,0
Gloucester...... '64 72 42 40 31 38 -48 50 37
Excer - -
G :-
uildford ....... - - 40 46 -1C 34 40 44 --...-
Newbury —. 11 82 20 42 24 34 38 4fil 3-8. 46
Reading ..........j 50 83 22 0 :6 35 45. s„°
Salisbury •........! 54 74, SI. 44 22 30 40 14
Slitrborne 63 72 30 44 .'22 28 42 5.2
Shepton Mallet' 52 ;6 30 46 26 32 48 rUxbridge .. -• ' -37 42 2.3 32 52 -
--* 52 _. ...
Warminster -.. 52 77 24 •. 46 27 33 48
.....
_. -
Winchester 164 76 - - .- 58 .....
t'eovil 161 70 32 42 24 32 34
Wheat, Norfolk . 535.. to 7"
York. and Lincoln. 60Ih.
Barley, Norfolk and Suffolk LaEhEaDs,SiffCbIOk,R6NOIbIVIARKET.-June 2.638
to
770 .....
3 Yorkshire and Lincolnshire
2S iss to 0 3
Grinding
45:. to 525. ;
Beans 63lb.
29. toe` 3.4:i one
y.
Oats, Potatoe
—Mealing, For. -d. to-d
Log. 16d. co 17d.load
Shelling
365 to 325. Peri
.. t:3 51
1.
. i
4

GUILDFORD MARKET. Os.
"lc 'l(e,atr 40,. `"
, Old (Per Load) 19/. to 20/. Vs.—New, 161. to 211. ,„ 441
Barley Qr.)
Oats
28 34 1 Rye 4O
Grey Pease, 425. to 448. • ,
DEVIZES CORN MARKET. A 8 • 'IA
Per Sack. S. d. s. d. Per Quarter. s• "' 34
First Wheat 'l5 0t037 0 Oats oto 0
415
Second
:Mini
00
234;
00
t.B,
le,ant
rs
((ppeerrls,:gc k).).::: 22 on 55 0
x .....-
Barley 27 0 35 0 Bread (per ga11.)... 1 '

. „
THE TOWER OF LONDON. By W. Li'',
Ainsworth, Esq. Illustrated by George Cruikehank. Part
tb.
—This is the best number that Mr. Ainsworth hay
duced, and we may hail it as a happy omen of the complete
cess of the work that its merit should increase as the et°l
and
vances. The author is now fully warmed by his stliklect'while
every chapter teems with Incidents of the deepest interest', or
new actors appear upon the scene to claim their share4ard
attention. Amongst these, the most prominent is r""41111
Courtenay, Earl of Devonshire, who figured so consPicu°9 lele
the early part of the reign of Queen Mary. The Queen:de ,
for this accomplished nobleman (an historical fact) is 111, not,
principal feature in the opening chapter of the preseuL in
and Mr. Ainsworth has shown great skill in the Inallninds
which he has represented the effects of the passion upon Itr°sele
constituted like those of Mary and her ambitious yetthe
lover. Courtcnay's character is well drawn ; it is full of
romance that makes the charm of fiction, and is yet
vv
uP-
feet accordance with historic truth. The scene in the and
cil Chamber is admirably described, nor with less vig°oP
animation is that of the duel between Courtenay and ;:trtf-
Renard. In the latter our little friend Xit mainlY "—The
mental in preventing a fatal issue to the encounter.-„05.
whimsical assumption of dignity in the dwarf is. most 1""
g"
to
ing, and this alternation of incident " from grave fro
is one of the numerous attractions of the work.. We Passceue
the palace garden to the Beauchamp Tower,—from a t the
of violence to one of a totally opposite nature, in which jet,'
admirable constancy, the fervid eloquence, and trusting Po,
of the unfortunate Lady Jane Grey, are vividly set bef°re the
In the conference between her and Bishop Gardinfrins-
beauty of her character is finely developed, and Mr. .":ost
worth has fully succeeded in painting a picture of thee oc,
perfect truth and interest. The last chapter reverts to th4ol/
titious personages of the romance, and Cuthbert Chollu°' ttir
appears again. The scene in the Stone Kitchen, and ilnres st
sequent adventures in the Develin Tower are told with
not
animation, and the local descriptions are marked frpo° otiet
perfect accuracy. We close the chapter with a fearful act_ -the
of the discovery of the dead body of Aleiia in a
Develin Tower. The mention of this remarkable cell le
are,
to speak, in their turn, of Cruikshank's illustrations, cso
indeed, excellent. How so many wood-cuts and etchObitiell
be completed in the short period allotted for their eltecv. is
passes our comprehension. One of the stipulated ntulaing
wanting this month, a fact which has only the effe.ct ofe7ibeir
our surprise at the many already given. Independent e„.l oils
high merit as works of art, the profusion of these 1110`—vioil Tic
is of itself sufficient !o make the " Tower of London" sledge
unique in price—a truth which the public will aeknaw, pee
when the whole work is laid before them. Meantiiiie, bm—alied
and pencil arc arduously engaged in retidering the win...,
every way worthy of the names associated in its producti°
Morning Herald. vault ods 0
—.NO!

PRIZE CUPS.—New and Second-hand SILZ
PRIZE CUPS are offered at very REDUCED PR1C',r",,,,,,'-'lOl
selection may be made from a great variety, both of Su--
Patterns, at .

. CORS, . • front
Goldsmith and WatT chma X SAV
ker, 47, C Oor Y'nhill (Seen Do.'"
Gracechurch-treet), London. ost
Drawings of Cups will be forwarded in answer to ILP
paid application.
It is deSirable Letters for Drawings should zn
that a either
t-
the size or about the price of the Cup or Cups ilt
required.

BIRTHS.
On the 3d inst., in Southampton-place, Mrs. Charles Barkers
of a son.
On the 3d inst., at the East India College, Haileybury, Her"'
the lady of the Rev. J. W. L. Heaviside, of a son. ins
On the 4th inst., Mrs. Chater, of Finsbury-circus, °' a -f
•
At Melville House, the Countess of Levtm and Melville, $
daughter.

NARRIED.
On the,2d inst., at Holy Trinity church, Brampton, Lieot:
T. L. Ilarington, sth Regiment Bengal Light Cavalry. second
sen of the late 11. H. Harington, Es q , formerly of Madras,
to Emil), Oetavia„ fourth
_daughter of Daniel Ball,'ENl7,o
Brampton-square.
At St. George's, Bloomsbury, Catain W. Elliott, Weather
9.d Life Guards, to Diana, widow of T. K. Walker, Esq., (4
Hampstead.

DIED.
On Tuesday, the 2d hist , at his house in Guildford street,
Francis Bacon, Esq., deeplY regretted by the numerous friends
who had the means of knowing his manly andain.

• -
London: Printed and Published by 111111tDO YOUNG, °f
No. 112, Strand, at The Sun Office, No. 112; Strard, is
the county, of Middlesex.—Friday, June 5, 1840.

.....
