LONDON, FRIDAY EVENING, JANUARY 31, 1834.

MR. HOOK'S NEW WORK.
Second Edition, in 3 vols. post Svo.,

THE PARSON'S DAUGHTER:
By the Author of " Sayings and Doings."
" This novel is sure to interest and amuse a very witti
circle of readers."—Atbenteum.

•" A love-at-first-sight story; the scenes of which si
full of interest."—Morning Herald.
" Detailed with wit, humour, and biting sarcasm." 4,
Morning Chronii•le.
Richard Bentley, New Burlington-street.

This day was published, in 3 vole. post Svo.,
rrHE BLACK WATCI-16
By the Author of " The Dominie's Legacy."
" An historical novel of great power, opening a portion
of Scottish story which escapei the Ariosto of the, North,"
—Atl te.

!` Displays very vigorons powers of descripion, a mas-
culine ardour of emotion, and an independent bold tone pr
thought, which is highly interesting. "—Morning iferald.l7`.:
" An attractive subject is here ably treated, arld scenes
of the deepest interest await the reader's atitnirikon.l--
Sunday Times.
Richard Bentley, New Borlington.strest.

In 3 vols. post Bvc., price only 40, per. volume, b!tund fil.
morocco cloth, forming the -WA -NuMber of COL-1
BURN'S MODERN NOVELISTS, a Collection of
the most celebrated Works of Living Authors, pub-
lishing Monthly,—at about one-third of the original
price,

THE CHELSEA PENSIONERS.
By the Author of the " Subaltern ;"

A Collection of Tales supposed to be related by a Club of
Retired Officers.
CONTENTS.

The Recruit Alaida
A Day in the Neutral Ground A Pyrenean Adventure
Saratoga The Rivals.
Published for H. Colburn, by R. Bentley. Sold by all
Booksellers.

EIGHT ENGRAVINGS FOR ONE SHILLING.
On the Ist of March will be published in Bvo., to be com-
pleted in Twelve Monthly Parts,
ILLUSTRATIONS OF THE BIBLE,
FROM ORIGINAL PAINTINGS.

Made Expressly for this Work,

By RICHARD WESTALL, E•q., R.A., and JOHN
MARTIN, the distinguished Painter of Belshazzar's
Feast.

PART I. WILL CONTAIN,

The Creation Martin. The Death of Abel Martin.
The Temptation
The Judgment Martin. The Assuaging of the
The Expulsion
Cain and Abel

Besides the Octavo, a Royal Quarto Edition will be
published, price 2s. 6d. The former is intended for
binding up with the Octavo, and all the smaller sizes of
the Bible; the latter will serve for all other sizes from the
Octavo to the largest Quarto.

New and Interesting Works lately Published by J.
HATCHARD and SON, 187, Piccadilly.
CHRIS'I: OUR EXAMPLE.
By the Author of " The Listener," " Scripture
Reader's Guide," &c. &c. Second Edition, 12mo, 6s. bds.
11. The ANNALS of MY VILLAGE. Being a Ca-
lendar of Nature for every Month in the Year. With
Illustrations. By the Author of " Select Female Bio•
graphy," " Conchologist's Companion," &c. Bvo., 125.,
bound in canvass.

111. SCENES in OFR PARISH. By a " Country
Parson's" Daughter. Second Edition, corrected. 12m0.,
as. boards.

By the same Author,
A Second Series. 12m0., ss. bds.
IV. ALICE SEYIIOUR. A Talv. 12m0., 48.6 d. bds.
V. MIRIAM, or the Power of Trutb. A Jewish Tale.
Third Edition, 12m0., 7s. 6d. bds.

VI. CONSISTENCY. By CHARLOTTE ELIZA-
BETH. Third Edition, IBmo., 2s. 61, boards.
VII. VICTORY. By Mrs. SHERWOOD. 12m0.,
4s. boards.

By the same Author,

I. The Little Morniere. ISmo., 3s. cloth.
2. The History of Henry Milner. 12mo. Part 111., 6s.
boards.

Part 11., ss.

Omnibuses have been started in Dublin, per-
forming from fifty to sixty trips each day, through the
most crowded thoroughfares in that city. In order to be
more easily distinguishable from other vehicles, they each
carry a small linen flag on the top. There will be no
plying on Sundays. The seats are six in number, sepa-
rated, so that each individual sits distinct, and the fare is
only twopence each for all or any part of the journey, with
the special proviso "to be paid on getting up !".. . .

. . .
INCEST AND .M URDER...--The Edinburgh
Papers give the result of a trial in the High Court of
Justiciary of two persons, named Thomas Braid and Mary
Braid, or Morrison, who were accused of incest and mu»
der, the victim being the fruit of their unnatural crime.
The female, who is about 42 years of age, was found
guilty of both charges. The male prisoner, who is some-
what younger than the other, was found guilty of incest
alone. The female was sentenced to be banged on Monday,
the 17th of February. The other was sentenced to trans-
portation for life. He behaved very callously, but the
female seemed to be in some degree sensible of her degra-
dation. The circumstances, as usual, are not published.

MURDER OF DAVIES, THE GAMEKEEPER.
—No fewer than five men, named John Evans, Richard
Addis, Edwin Smith, Allen Smith, and Charles Nash,
all resident in the neighbourhood where the murder was
committed, have been taken into custody, and the police
are in pursuit of another, who is said to have fled into
Waled. This, it is supposed, will complete the whole
gang. One of the prisoners has made an acknowledgment
which implicates a fellow prisoner, named Richard Addis,
as being the person who actually fired the fatal shot. It
is the brother of this man who is still at large, and a re-
ward of 101. is offered for his apprehension. The evidence
against some of the others is said to be conclusive. It is
curious that a small black dog, which appeared to follow
one of the poachers particularly, disappeared suddenly after
the murder, and could no where be found ; a person, how-
ever, happening to observe some mould newly turned up
in the wood where the murder was committed, made a
further examination, when the animal was found buried
with its throat cut, no doubt to prevent the circumstance
from being brought forward as evidence. A hat, which a
witness swore belonged to one of the prisoners, was also
found in the wood. Some fowling-pieces and pistols (two
of the former with percussion locks) have also been secured.
The deceased, who was a man of very athletic frame, and
went by the surname of Boulter, it is said was much
oo:ed for his pugilistic powers, which no doubt led to his
being employed in such a dangerous service, the gangs of
poachers in that neighbourhood having become truly for-
midable. It is evident the murder was fully premeditated,
the poor fellow having been shot whilst getting over the
hedge, and
before he had proceeded to take any of the
party into custody.—Hereford Journal.

PUBLIC DINNER AT TAUNTON.

(Abridged from the Sherborne Journal.)

The public dinner which has been advertised for the
preceding fortnight in our paper, was held at the London
Inn, on Friday, where more than 150 persons attended.
There was a singular mixture of politicians present, com-
prising the highest Totiee, the Whigs, the Ultra-Whigs,
and the Radicals. The following names will perhaps suf-
ficiently prove our assertion, for amongst the company
were E. A. Sanford, Esq., M.P., C. J. K. Tsnte, Esq.,
M.P., Sir Thomas Lethbridge, Bart., Dr. Blake, A.
Crosse, J. Ball, H. Hunt, Nair, Bunter, Cox,
H. Leigh, J. Penny, J. Stone, J. Credland, Poole,
Shillibeer, H. Lyddon, Jesse, B. Greenhill, H.
Warr, Abraham, Ivie, Combe, Ford,
Stocker, Kinglake, &c., Esqrs. ; Reeds. Thomas, Buller,
Templemon, a numerous company of the most respectable
agricultural gentlemen in the county, and a large party of
the highly respectable members of the trade of Taunton.
The room was too crowded to be comfortable, and the heat
at last became oppressive. The cloth being removed, the
Rev. Proctor Thomas said grace, and the chairman, A.
Crosse, Esq., proposed "The King, and may he never
forget the principles which placed his family on the
throne." Drank with the accustomed honours. " The
Queen, and the rest of the Royal Family" followed, and
was drank in the same spirit.
The next toast he (the Chairman) would propose was
"The People, the. source of all legititnate power ;" and
should they be permitted to enjoy a still greater share of
that power than they yet possessed, he trusted it would be
exercised with that integrity which ought to characterise
the people of the first nation in the world. Drank with
much applause. The next toast he bad to propose was
" The Army and Navy." Drank with the accustomed
honours. His next toast should be "Earl Grey and his
Majesty's Ministers ;" and here he could not avoid re-
marking that, although they had done much for the coun-
try, still they had not quite come up to the mark, they
had not quite accomplished that which the people ex-
pected of them—such was his opinion ; certain measures
had been adopted which, perhaps, for the benefit of the
country, had better have been left alone. The toast, Earl
Grey and his Majesty's Ministers, was then drank with
applause.
Mr. SAN,ORD rose amid tremendous and long-con.
tinued cheering. It may possibly be supposed that on an
occasion like the present, pledges as to future conduct
should be made by representatives, and excuses offered for
the past. If be had thought that apology were ne-
cessary for his conduct, he should not have felt inclined
to meet so respectable a body of gentlemen as was on that
day assembled. He should have been ashamed, could he
not have looked any man in the face, and stated with con-
fidence the motives by which his conduct had been influ-
enced. Let it therefore be understood between them (for
there was nothing like a proper understanding between a
representative and his constituents) that lie came there not
for the purpose of offering apologies for the past, nor tend-
ering pledges as to the future. He came amongst them to
state his reasons for the course he had pursued, by which
they might judge how far he was deserving a continuance
of the confidence they had hitherto reposed in him.—( Hear,
hear.) It was a striking and curious fact, that the first
proceeding of a reformed House of Commons was to do an
unconstitutional act ; it ts ill be so handed down in his-
tory; but he had no doubt that, when all party feeling
shall have subsided, it would be viewed as a measure of
equity and justice.—(No, no—Yes, yes.) Some gentle-
men say "No," and others say " Yes." He came there to
give them his reasons for supporting that Bill ; he conceived
it was improperly named a Coercive Bill ; it ought to have
been called a Bill for promoting the law and upholding good
government, and for maintaining in their rights the peace.
able and well-intentioned. Whatever difference of opinion
might exist amongst his fellow-countryinen on the question,
he had given his own honestly on that point. No man,
however, was infallible. Against one provision of the Bill,
as it originally stood, hs had strongly protested, and, but
..foe-its withdrawal, he should have felt himself called upon
to oppose the measure ; he alluded to that portion of it
which permitted the removal of offenders from one part of
Ireland to another, without their friends knowing whither
they were taken ; this provision be could- by no means
sanction, and he thought he could truly say, if one mea-
sure more than another had justified anticipated results, it
was the measure for the pacification of Ireland.—(Hear,
hear.) There was another question in which he confessed
he was much interested, and which formed a subject on
which he felt it necessary he should attempt to stand right
with his constituents ; it was with regard to his votes on
the reduction of the Malt Tax ; he had voted for a remis-
sion of half that duty on the Friday night ; on the Tues-
day night a motion was made for the abolition of the
House and Window Duties. This was met by an amend-
ment of Lord Althorp's of which he did not approve—he
could not support the motion for a repeal of the House and
Window Tax, because it would naturally have interfered with
the vote he bad given on the Malt Duty, as it would have been
impossible for the Government to have taken off both. He

therefore quitted the House without giving a vote ; most
unexpectedly, however, the subject of the malt tax was
again brought on that night, when a division took place,
and his absence from the House .on that occasion was
certainly an error. On the following morning he re-
ceived those melancholy tidings which compelled him to
leave London instantly, and prevented his attending the
House of Commons again for some time. He never
voted on any occasion without exercising considerable
caution, and after much reflection, having therefore once
given a vote, if he knew himself at all, and while he con-
sidered that vote correct, no power on earth should ever
induce him to rescind it. There was also another important
subject to which he would refer as having formed a por•
tion of the business of the last session—he meant the aboli-
tion of slavery. This was one of the occasions on which
he felt it his duty to oppose Ministers—(Hear, bear).—
and the circumstance occasioned him much distress ; it
was with great reluctance he did so, because he believed
in the honesty of their intentions.—(Hear, bear.) There
was still one subject on which he must address them, and
in doing so, he would beg to lay aside the character of
their representative, and speak to them as a brother elec-
tor, and in that capacity be would entreat them, he would
implore them, as they valued the importance of the re-
presentative character of the country, to de all in their
power to fortify the minds of their Members, by leaving
them perfectly free and unshackled in the discharge of
their duties.—(Great cheering.) If they did not, the
honest and the just would quit their service, and they
would be represented only by the subservient and the base
—(Heir, bear)—who would truckle to them for the
moment, and afterwards use them as the tool and instru-
ment of their own designs.—(Tremendous cheering.)
Their professions were pestiferous, and would infect the
whole spirit of freedom ; they would not even allow free-
dom to themselves.—(Hear, hear.) Depend on it, Gen-
tlemen, that the true freeman will himself be free.—(The
Hon. Member sat down amidst the most rapturous ap-
plause, which lasted for some time.)
Mr. C. J. KEMEYS TYNTE rose amidst loud cheering.
Gentlemen, said Mr. Tynte, when you did me the honour
to elect me one of your Representatives, you required no
pledges from me, and had you done so, I never would have
given them.--(Cheers.) You honoured me by reposing
confidence in me, and I have, to the utmost of my power,
acted, as I solemnly believe it to have been, for the inte-
rests of yourselves and the country at large.—(Cheers.)
But pledges I ever held no man ought to give. My Hon.
Colleague has given you his reasons for supporting the
Irish Coercion Bill ; I was one of the few English Mem-
bers who opposed it, and it grieved me sorely to be so early
in the session opposed to those Ministers whom, when I
entered the House of Commons, I had hoped to have sup-
ported in all their measures. My Hon. Colleague has
justly praised the acts of his Majesty's Ministers on many
occasions, and I fully concur with him ; be has also ex-
pressed the pain it was to him to vote against them ; I
also participate with him in those feelings, and so painful
to me was it, on the motion on the Military and Naval
Pensions, to show my want of confidence in Ministers by
voting against them, that, as I could not support the prin-
ciple of any sinecure, I did not vote on the question.
Gentlemen, I have always been and will be candid with
you; I believe this to be the only division of the slightest
importance that I was absent from.—(Cheers.) Mr.
Tynte proceeded to recur to his votes on the abolition of
colonial slavery. He had found it his duty to vote against
the grant of twenty millions, and he had also voted for
shortening the duration of the term of apprenticeship, and
it was honourable to the Government that they paid due
deference to the large minority upon that question, and
conceded a portion of the period of apprenticeship.—
(Cheers.) He had voted for the abolition of flogging in

the army, because he was convinced that as flogging de-
based and demoralized the soldier, so would its abolition
make him a better soldier and a better citizen.—(Applause.)
He had also voted for the abolition of impressment of sea-
men, and in favour of shortening the duration of Parlia-
ments.—(Cheers.) He had also voted against the grant
of 1,000,000 to the Irish tithe-holders, many of them
non-resident laymen, he considered it unjust to take that
million from the people of Ireland.—(Cheers.) On all
these questions, excepting the two first, he felt much sa-
tisfaction in having voted in unison with his Hon. Colleague.
He now came to a subject upon the expediency of which
Reformers were much divided, the Vote by Ballot; he h
never been favourable to the Ballot, until it was his lot to
sit upon the Hertford Election Committee. From the
evidence before that Committee, be felt convinced that the
ballot would tend much to check corruption in borough
elections.--(Cries of " No, no ; yes, yes.") He hid
voted for the repeal of the malt tax on all the division., and
he trusted it would be repealed during the next session.—
(Hear, hear.) He had also supported Mr. Ferguson's
motion respecting unhappy Poland. I will detain you no
longer, but conclude, in the memorable words of the
patriot Fox, " I will ever be the friend of liberty, the
enemy of corruption, and the firm defender of the weight
the people ought to have in the government of England."
Mr. Tynte concluded by proposing the health of the elec-
tors of the Western Division of Somerset, and sat down
amidst three rounds of applause.
Mr. Buttxa also addressed the meeting, and, in the
course of his observations, afforded the most melancholy
proof of how small a portion of the sweets of patronage
had fallen to the share of the naval service. He had known
Captains of twenty years standing, who bad been engaged
in some of the most important services of the late pro-
tracted war, and officers of a still higher grade, possessing
honourable distinction, as men of undaunted courage, and
great naval talent, who bad not now the means of extend.
ing towards a brother officer even the compliment of inviting
him to their tables. Mr. Buller, at the conclusion of.his
speech, proposed the health of their respected and worthy
chairman, in the true English style of three times three.
The CHAIRMAN returned thanks for the honour they
had done hint. _ _ _

Mr. TYNTE proposed the health of the Reformers of
Taunton, three times three. _ _

Dr. BLAKE, on behalf of the Reformers of Taunton,
begged to return thanks for the flattering manner in which
their healths had been proposed and drunk.
Sir T. LETHBRIDGE, in rising to return thanks, said be
did so, not in the character of a Taunton Reformer, but as
an elector of the Western Division of the county of So•
merset, and he thought he had every reason, as well as
themselves, to be gratified on the present occasion. S'r
Thomas went on to say that he had proposed his worthy
friend on his right hand, Mr. Tynte, at the last election,
and he thought the present would be a fitting occasion for
discussing some of the great public questions which were
likely to come on in the next session of Parliament. He
considered that the Members had done right, on being re-
lieved from their duties, in coming before their constitu-
ents, and hear the charges that may be brought against
them. But charges, did be say, that may be brought
against them ? Why, they had charged themselves ; they
had come before the company with chapter and verse, and
pretty accurately too ; for although he was not in the House
of Commons, he attended to what was going on there,
and generally read in the newspapers what fell from his two
worthy friends. He looked also to the list of votes, and he
found that they bad not always voted in the same way ; he
was glad of it, for it showed that they were not merely in-
fluenced by the wishes of the people, but they were men of
independent spirit, who would perform their duties ac-
cording to their own judgment. He had given a helping
hand in placing one of them in his present position—
(How about Mr. Miles?)—and he did all that he could to
support both the Members in Eastern Somerset at the last
election, but Mr. Miles he did not vote for. His name
was attached to the present requisition to Mr. Miles.—
(Hear, bear.) In doing so, be begged to say, that he ba,l
acted according to his own judgment, and he, knew not
that any man bad a right to find fault with him, and if any
man had that right, he should like to see him. With re-
gard to his name being placed to the requisition to Mr.
Miles, be begged to say that he had attended the Sessions
at Wells, in order to fulfil his duties as a magistrate of the
county. He read the requisition that had been prepared,
calling on Mr. Miles to come forward, and certainly he
saw nothing in it control), to his wishes; he then said,
before be put hie name to that requisition, he should like
to see Mr. Miles, and ask him a few questions. The
first that be put to him was—" Miles, are you a reformer ?"
He replied, certainly I am; and it was my intention.
Lethbridge, to have voted with you on Mr. Brougham's
motion for reform when we were in the House. Well,
said Sir Thomas, that's very good as far as it goes ; tut
tell me, Miles, are you for supporting a thorough church
reform.—Aye ? Are you for an alteration in the corn
laws—for a considerable reduction of taxes—and a com-
plete alteration of the present abominable tithe system ?
Mr. Miles replied that he was, and would support those
measures, and upon this information, Gentlemen, (said Sir
Thomas,) I certainly did sign the requisition.—(Hear,
hear, hear.) But, before he did so, be said, now I shall
have some pretty strong shafts fired at me for this, and
therefore only see what a true prophet I have been.—
(How will Mr. Miles like that ?) He could only tell
them that, if Mr. Miles did not come up to his professions,
he would not receive his (Sir Thomas's) support.—
(Well done, be is honest after all.—Laughter.) Tnie
brought him to another point : he had al ways endeavoured
to support those public questions which he considered
were for the benefit of his country ; be may have been
wrong, but he did not think so, and he believed that he
had a monitor within his breast which enabled him to
meet the attacks that had been so lavishly bestowed on
him.—(Cheers.) In speaking of Ministers, Sir Thomas
observed that he had every confidence in them, and was
disposed to believe that they would do all that teen
could for the benefit of their country.—(Hear, hear.)
After some observations on a commutation of tithes, Sir
Thomas touched upon the corn laws. All that he should
desire for the agriculturist was, the same protection which
was extended to trade. Let the manufacturers and agri-
culturists sail in the same boat; remove the duties on ar-
ticles and manufactures, and he should not fear to meet the
foreigner in the same market ; but, without this, we could
not compete with Prussia and Poland. There was one
more question on which he would offer an observation.
He would desire that Parliament would be alive to the re-
duction of taxes, though he maintained that they need not
do any thing to injure the public creditor. Sir Thomas
concluded his animating speech by thanking the company
for their patience and attention in hearing him, and sat
down amidst considerable applause.
Mr. BALL would give Ministers credit for sincerity, and
concluded that, as they were glad of the support of the people,
who returned them to power, and backed them in carrying
the great measure of reform, they would be equally
pleased with the support of the people on those great
questions which they never can carry but with the voice
of the people: one of these important questions was that
of the commutation of tithes. They may well pride them-
selves on the possession of representatives whose votes had
almost invariably been given in favour of reform, re-
trenchment, and economy. Mr. Tynte voted for triennial
Parliaments., so did Mr. Sanford. Mr. Tynte voted for
the ballot ; Mr. Sanford against it ; but he did not blame
him fur that vote ; for though he (Mr. Ball) was a decided
friend to the ballot, yet, seeing so many enlightened men
opposed to it, he would consent to differ with the Hon.
Member on that point, and leave it an open question.
With regard to triennial Parliaments—as long Parlia
ments had ever been the powerful engines of corruption,
so short ones were essential to the preservation of public
liberty. Triennial Parliaments had lasted 22 years, from
1694 to 1716. The question of shortening their duration
had been revived in 1794, and again in 1821, by Mr.
Lambton, now Lord Durham. The first triennial Par-
liament, after the peace of Ryswick, reduced the standing
army from 54,000 to 10,000 ; and under the influence
of triennial Parliaments William the Third gave his assent
to an Act, declaring a standing army and a foreign force
alike illegal. The next subject he would advert to was
the tithe question. The extent of the burden, and the
manner in which tithes were levied, rendered them doubly
odious, and injurious to the best interests of the country,
by their operating as a tax upon skill, capital, and industry.
Tithes were originally solicited as alms for the poor ; but
how different was their appropriation now ? And for
what were the enormous ecclesiastical revenues granted ?
Let the answer be given from sixteen contiguous parishes
in West Somerset, where there had not been a resident
minister within the memory of man. Let Lord Henley
reply, who says that, out of 10,533 livings in England

and Wales,. there are only 4,413 residents; that while
instances hire I e- • r per. n I.:Him! fifteen
pieces of prefertneir. tf.,•, :;te I ,;Z:.; curates doing the
labour, at stipends of between 50/. and 601. ter annum ;
and upwards of 200 at between 301. and 40/ per annum.
That, with revenues exceeding in amount the accumulated
total revenues of all the Christian world Lesidee, she has
so imperfectly fulfilled her duty ; that of all the popula-
tion who are under any religious instruction at all, shot t
two-thirds received it at the hands of the Dissenters—
(Hear, hear)—that with this enormous revenue, she
(the church) has received in addition, out of the taxes,
within the last 30 years, no less a sum than 1,600,0001.
for the relief of the poor clergy. However grievous this
national burden may be, however injurious to the country
in its operation, still he thought no change ought to be
made irrespective of existing life interests. The legisla-
ture tuust not do an act of necessary justice to the country
at the expense of justice to individuals.

Mr. HUNT had entered the room with the intention of
being a list,ner only, but having been all his life a radical
reformer it was impossible to hear all that he had beard
without attempting to defend himself. He had felt a great
inclination to rise after what had fallen from Sir Thomas
Lethbridge, but having overcome that feeling, be now
begged to say that it appeared to him that that honourable
gentleman (Mr. Ball) had no idea of what radical reform
meant.—(A laugh.) If he understood that gentfeeaM
aright, he said he hated and detested the radicals because
they were destructives--(No, no.—Yes, yes.) He had
been a radical reformer riot only in 1531, but 30 years
ago; and fur the advocacy of those principles he had the
honour of an introduction as a perpetual resident in their
county. Mr. Hunt then proceeded in a review of what he
conceived to be the political rights of the people, descant-
ing on his favourite topic, universal suffrage, &e. He (Mr.
Hunt) in conclusion would give them one word of advice
ora the subject of the house and window taxes, and °thee
such obnoxious imposts. He would advise them nut td
trust to the result of such meetings as that alone in laying
their grievances before the Government, for they woultir
not be heard ; he knew the practice well. Mr. Labouchere,
for instance, would probably be asked, "Well, Labouchere,
what do your constituents say about the house and windtit
taxes ?" " Oh," (says Mr. Labouchere)" 'twos all clamom'
once, but all is quiet enough now."—(Much laughter.)
The people should enforce their claims by great putyneki
meetings, for the efforts of their representatives would be
useless unless hacked by such a power ; without some such
public demonstration it would be useless to assemble there
and talk about it. He would detain them but a fe* minutes
longer, to give them a word of advice on the subject of
tithes. He would recommend the people of Suroerset
follow the example of those of Devon, and meet publicly
for the expression of their sentiments in favour of the
abolition of tithes ; it was folly to attempt their abolition
by any other means. He had prepared a requisition for
their adoption, which, by their leave, he would read.
(Mr. Hunt here read the document, which simply referred
to the object for which the meeting should be called ; but
in the course of the desultory conversation that followed;
the question went off without its being regularly put td
the meeting, and thus the affair ended.)
Mr. SANFORD, before he took leave of the present
meeting, could not avoid referring to the anxiety he felt
for the satisfactory settlement of the tithe question ; be
was himself a lay impropriator of tithes, and lie sincerely
wished for such a commutation as might put an end to all
existing differences.
Mr. TYNTIC expressed his concurrence in the sentiments
delivered by his Hon. Colleague, i❑ which, indeed, he felt
much interested. In conclusion, be begged to propose the
health of his friend Mr. Thomas.

Mr. P. THOMAS returned thanks ; and after having
briefly commented on the abuses attending the distribution
of Church patronage, remarked that the putting a stop td
the transfer of a Bishop from one see to another would bo
a desirable object; since it is now often rendered a mitt:it-
of political influence ; if, on the contrary, the -
.p ointment
were for life, the Rev. Prelate woitid lie induced to direct
his attention more exclusively to the religious instruction
of those under hi:. control.

The; ended the proceedings of a day characterised by a
degree of sobriety and good feeling seldom witnessed under
the excitement generally attendant on the occasion of a
political meeting.

LONDON CORPORATION INQUIRY, JAN.
30.—Several of the ward clerks were examined o-day
respecting the boundaries and precincts of their respec-
tive wards, and touching the modes of holding wardmotes
and electing the different ward officers. Like the evi-
dence of the three or four last days, that of to-day was
completely without any public interest. The inquiry, at
the usual hour, was adjourned to to-morrow (this)
morning.

NEW NAVAL AUTOBIOGRAPHY.—Lieut.
Bowers is one of those persons who, if they have not been
horn on, have been born for the sea. nom his boyhood
he yearns after marlin-spikes, maintops, and so forth, and
is always ready to take French leave of his p &rents dear.
to pursue adventures on the high seas, and in every port
from pole to pole. He consequently becomes a most ex-
perienced navigator, and, both in his Majesty's and the
merchant service, pursues an active and honourable career.
The greater part of his voyages were to South America,
at the time of her struggles for independence, and he be-
came familiar with many of the leading characters in Chili
and Peru. He appears to have been a persevering and
intelligent officer, and his book not only furnishes the
usual amusing matter of a Sailor's log, but much'infor-
(nation which might be of service to those who carry on
mercantile speculations with the Pacific States of South
Americ s.—Morning Herald.

LORD BRUDENELL'S SERVICE.—Cornet,
Bth Hussurs, May 6, 1824 ; Lieut. do., Jan. 13, 1625 ;
Captain do., June 9, 1826 ; Major do., Aug. 3, 1830 ;
Lieut.-Col. Unat., Dec. 3, 1830 ; Lieut.-Col. 15th Hus-.
ears, March 16, 1832. No officer, by the regulations,
can attain the rank of Captain till he has been two years
a subaltern. Lord Brudeneil was a subaltern two years
and one month. No officer can attain the rank of Major
till he has been six years in the service : Lord Brudenell
was in the service six years and three months. Colonel
John Hicks, late of the 32d regiment, was upwards of
40 years in that regiment, and, despairing of ever
attaining the command of the regiment, sold out as
Major--3,2001. for 40 years' service, and after being
engaged in at least fifteen general actions, with skirmishes,
&c. innumerable.—Dubli,s Paper.

ESCAPE OF PRISONERS.—John Hardie and
William Peebles or Thomson, alias Tyken Thompson,
made their escape from Forfar gaol, on the night of
the 20th, or early on the morning of the 21st current (it
is believed about three o'clock on the morning of the
21st). The manner in which they effected their escape
showed a considerable degree of ingenuity. Hardie, in
1831, was tried for murder at the Perth circuit and dis-
missed. He then enlisted in the 75th Regiment, and
afterwards deserted. Subsequent to his desertion he was
indicted and outlawed at last circuit for theft, committed
at Bogeide of Aylth. He was committed to tlrin gaol last
autumn for housebreaking and theft in the parish of
Airlie. He is about 26 years of age, middle-sized, and
stout made, a native of Cloister Bank, in the neighbour-
hood of Kerriemuir, where (at Cloister Bank) crimes of
almost every description are frequently committed. Peebles
forged a bond of caution in a Court of Session process, in
which he had an interest, and was committed to Brechin
gaol ; admitted to bail, he forged a bail bond, and got out
of gaol ere this forgery was discovered. He was again
taken up for the latter forgeries, and lodged in Forfar
gaol. He was of new admitted to bail, and of new forged
a bail bond, with two letters from law agents in Montrose
to a gentleman in this town; which forgeries, of course,
were detected. Peebles is nearly six feet high, 34 years
of age, and stout made. He is a native of Longfurgan,
but resided in Brechin. Peebles was apprehended in Mon-
trose on Wednesday, and re-committed to his former abode
next day. Caledonian Mercury.

LUDICROUS MISUNDERSTANDING.-IVIr.
Crabbe had, I presume, read very little about Scotland
before that excursion. It appeared to me that he con-
founded the Inchcolm of the Frith of Forth with the
Icolmkill of the Hebrides ; but John Kemble, I have
heard, did the same. I believe be really never bad known
until then that a language radically distinct from the Eng-
lish was still actually spoken within the island. And this
down
portly
itnlyto the
recalls a scene of high merriment which occurred the very
and Mr.
acfterarbhbies abrardivbael.foreWhlitmentlbveo
came
or
three
breakfast parlour, Sir Walter had not yet appeared there,
per-
sonages, all in the full Highland gall). These gentlemen,
arrayed in a costume so novel, were talking in a language
which he did nat understand, so he never doubted they
were foreigners. The Celts, on their part, conceived Mr.
Crabbe, dressed as he was in rather an old-fashioned style
of clerical propriety, with buckles in his shoes for instance,
to be some learned Abbe, who had come on a pilgrimage
to the shrine of Waverley; and the result was, that when,
a little afterwards, Sir Walter and his family entered the
room, they found your father and these worthy lairds
hammering away, with pain and labour, to make them-
',elves mutually uuder,tood in most execrable Fiet,ch.
Great was the relief, and potent the laughter, when the
lot interrupted their colloquy with his Wain English,
" Good morning."—Crabbe's Life, ly his Sm.
