PRICE or SUGAR.

The Average price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, computet9
from the Returns made in the week ending Dec, 7, is
per cwt., exclusive of theduticbofcustmusbraidorpayablethereon
en the Intportation thereolinto C teat Britain.

THE NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE.—Be•
*idol the important paper on the Irish Union, the Decem-
ber Number of the Nero Monthly Magazine contains an
article on the downfall of the live Ministry, which will be
read with considerable attention. The piper called
+1 Speakers' and Speeches in Parliament," brings before the
reader the leading actors in the great drama so recently
enacted in the grand theatre of the nation, describes the
style an] manner of performing, recites some of the most
striking and effective pissag, a from their several speeches',
and exhibits their portraits to the gaze of those who are so
deeply interestei in their doings. These, with paptre by
Mr. C4uPssur.r. on the present position of Africa; by Mr.
But.writt, on the "English Pour;" with lighter matter,
by the Auth"" of "Richelieu " and " Darnley," Mts.
tiftwatzs, Mr. POOLS, Mr. tw.,,r, the Hun. Mr-. Nou-
TON, &c. render the present Number extremely attractive.
Thu French Government have finally decided
upon niacin Paris in such a sttte of defence as may resist I
any aetaimplish
this, two
of n t
o.k
modeashansveemty from)epn proposed,rsit t.
upon
which the
opinions of the best military judges are at present divided.
One niommes a chain of permanent forts, the other only a
line of works to protect the troops who should be placed
hehind thorn to defend the approaches to the city. Tit:
objection to the forts is, that if once the enemy made a
lodgment in them, they would serve as safe points of ag•
gression upon the capital. This latter consideration ought
to be conclusive in favour of the storks. What most
strongly recommends the whole project is the smployenent
Aieb it would drord to thousands of labourers at this
mutt trying noon of the year.—Paris Paper.

HOUSE OF LORDS, Dec. 30.
CONSOLIDATED FUND.
The Royal Assent was given today by commission to
this Bill.
The Commissioners were the Loan Citexceaeon, the
Marquis of LANSDOWNaI, and Lord Duaneet.
NEGRO SLAVERY. '
Amiss!every petitions were. presented by the Marquis
of Tnoireen, the Marquis of LANSDOWNE, the Earl of
[tossers, and Lord Gaosvetrott.
PARLIAMENTARY REFORM.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE presented' petitions
Irian Arbroath', Ayr, Stirling, 'end Forfar, praeing for
Parliamentary Reform.
The Earl of RADNOR presented a petition, to the
same effect, from twelve thousand inhabitants of Perth.
The Noble Lord also presented a petition from the pa-
rish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, praying for
a reduction of the taxes, and especially those which
bore on the poorer classee. The Noble Lord had been in-
formed by a version residing in that parish that its poor
rates aniennted to no' less a bum than 31,000/. That
in the month ef June laseele.poverty end distress existing
in the parish was enormous, and such was the demnralie.-
tion, that no decent person could puss through on. Sundays
withotat being shocked at the scenes exhibited. Shop-
keepers, who had a few years since taken upwards of 20/. a
week, were not now taking as many shillings. In short,
the perish was distresses) beyond parelleh Noble
Lords would recollect that last Sesaiom twisty simile]
petitions had been presented to the House, calling
upon Ministers to alleviate the distresses under which
they laboured. To those petitions Ministers bad turned
a deaf ear. He thought the responsibility of Ministers was
a mere farce if such subjects as these were allowed to he
passed by with apathy.
The Duke of M ELL
INGTON was sure that the
Noble Lord would have the candour to admit, when hr
stated last night that he considered his Majesty's
Lie Ministers ought to he impeached, he did net ad-
vert to the distress of St. Leonard's, or any particular
parish. What the Noble Lord adverted to was that the
country was distresses!, that the late Adtninisteatiou bad
found it in that distress, that they were responsible for it,
and should be impeached. He (the Duke of Wellington)
then called on the Noble Lord to come forward with some
distinet charge against Ministers, and he would Meet hint
on that. The Noble Lerd had now made a state-
romt not from the petition, but from an anonymous
person. From that he argued the late Government were
responsible fur the situation in which St. Leonard's
was in the month of Jutse last. He (the Duke of
Wellington) could not possibly make himself responsible
for the acts of any one but himself. If the state of St.
Leonard's was ten times worse than it was, the King's
Ministers were not ieeponsible for that which belonged to
the duties of the parish officer. He was quite sure that the
Nub's Lords forming Isis Majesty's present Administration
would admit they could do nothing on such a subject.
The late Administration had done all it could.
Lord STANHOPE said numerous petitions were pre-
sewed to Parliatnent, praying for that redress which the
petitioners had a tight to expect, if not to demand. He
agreed with the last speaker, that it was not the province
of Ministers to interfere with the Poor Laws, but
eould it be supposed that the trementlone distress
of the country was attributable to the Poor Law*?
No, the doe of the present distress was to be found only
in the Measures of that House, and whielt that House only
could correct. It was the duty of their Lordships to
grant proper relief to the country.—(Hear, hear.)
Lord KlNG—Nobody bad said that the Noble Duke
ought to have superintended the athuinistration of the
Poor Laws of the country ; the charge against Lim and
his late colleagues was, that they had done Nothing to
affor.l timely relief. They had cummenced the Session by
the untoward expression in the Kinked Speech, that the
distress of the country was only partial, and they had
then ne intention whatever to sedum t saes ; they were
driven to reductions, :miens voleta, by the ir itation and
disgust excited on all sides by the assertion, that dietress
was only partial. He repeated, that nothing was farther
from the intention of the Noble Duke and hie colleagues
at the beginning- of the Session than to diminish the
taxution of the cuuntry. That they did so, was almost as
unexpected as the strange, uncalled-for, infatuated, and,
to the Noble Duke and his friends, fatal declaratiun against
Reform on the first night of the Session.
The Duke of WELLINGTON—The Noble Baron
was entirely mistaken on the subject of the reduction of
taxes. Taxes were repealed in consequence of reduction
of expenses during three consecutive Sessional, amounting
to nearly a million per annum in the interest of the Na-
tional Debt only. Until those reductions were complete,
it woo impossible for Government to declare that they
would repeal taxes ; it Was the duty of Ministers to he
silent until the moment came when they cou'd give the
people the bens tit of the decreased eiponses of the coun-
try. The Noble Baron wait never inure mistaken than
if he suppesed that Ministers, at ti e opening of the last
Session, disi not know the real ante of their finances, and
whether they should, or should not, be able to grunt relief.
Lord KING still believed that he was under ne mit.
take. It might be, and no doubt was, very true that
reductions in the expenditure had been previously made,
but he felt satisfied that no reduction in the taxes was ins
tended, bud not the Noble Duke and his friends been
drivsn to them : they were like other people, wbn above
all things loved what was called a large margin had the
'Noble Duke been able to keep that huge margin, it was
very doubtful whether what were termed the deplorable
events of last July would not have been merely looked at
by the Noble Duke. The proceedings in Frani'u had
been lamented as a %vele! example ; and had the British
Ministry possessed funds, they woud have endeavoured to
prevent its being set to thit rest of the mations of the world.
Tie Earl of ROSSLYN contended that it was con-
trary to the truth that Ministers do not mean to reduce
taxes, and ,everybody acquainted with the circumstances
ender which, they met Parliament, nuot know that they
had projected the relief they bad aftsrwerda andel
The Earl of WINCHILSEA agreed in the blame cast
npon the late 00Yertilriellti as fat' as regarded their denial
of the existence of and refusal to obtain bettor in.
formation. This conduct had justly exposed them to the
reprehension of every man ; for if a fair and impartial hie
vestigation had taken 'place a year ago, that distress would
neither have been so great um en general as at the present
moment. Ile would also behlly assert that the spirit of
dissatisfaction against the Legislature yaw prevailing in
consequence of its having turned aeleaf ear to the cries of
the people, would not lsays3 existed, at least to the sense
extent. The present Government was happily out pur-
suing the same 'course. They felt the full amount and
severe pressure of the distress, end they were willing to
inquire, and, if possible, to remedy. They had already
given great satisfaction by the appointment of the Ctun-
mitteeon the poor laws. If they had resisted the motion
of last night, they had done so for moons that were to
hint quite satisfactory,
Earl STANHOPE 'explained.
The Marquis CLANRICARDE o'seervesl that the yule
titan at issue last Session was the degree of dietress a point
asst now in &mete. It was found to he general, sod some
general remedy must, if possible, be Implied to it.
Lord RADNOR. adds sh that his itlajesty'e present Mild-
eters, admitting the distress, would bring ferwer4 thuds
remedy with ell speed ; but nothing could lie hoped front
a set of men who denied that any evil existed that re-
quited remedy. Ile intended to bring forward no charge
against the Noble Duke anti his colleagues, and leesit of all
in this House. The abject of such a charge would be the
removal of the Noble Duke from oilier, and that had
happily beeu accomplished by ditto-cm means.
The Duke. of WELLINGTON bad done all hi his
power to relieve the people, and had reduced taxes to the
emount of 3,900,0001, besidee the alteration of the BiterDuty, which was of itself eit great benefit. A change its
the Stager Duties, and a modilleation of those upon spirits,
had also been contemplated; and these facts were distinct
and known; for the Chancellor of the Exchequer had
etated them a month or six weeks before the usuel period
—a ciecumetenee for which Ile (the Doke tar 'Wellington)
took great Memo to isimeelf, as it was productive of most
Of the inconvenienets that followed. lie repeeted, that
he was ready to meet soy distinct charge, but Ousted- not
attempt to combat vague and general astertions, Its disi
not wish to take undue credit to hiss east tiovetmeent,
or to deprive the preseut Minh:terra of the applause due to
them ; but he must *nye, that even the COMlllittut ou

Lord NAPIER presented 3 petition against the coati-
nuenee of Negro Slavery; cud in doing ea, took the op-
portunity of refer' ing to the proposition he had made ..11
a formir eight, that a Committee of their Liwilaliipa sbererhi
go out to the West belie Islands, in order to furnish the
Home with the beat information upon 'the questioe of Nee
gro Slavery, before they uniletteik to legislature upon it.
Before he made that proposition he lied no communiention
whatever with anybody upon the subject. lie had no• West
Indian properly, he never bail any, end l e never expected
to have any ; but still he felt it wrested ikri
from the knowledge of the (Ninnies which his pi te'essional
life had given him. Since he inade the i roreisition to
which he now left rttil, he had had etitionunicatiena with
different gentlemen ronneeteth with thisee
,p!ttee,e and lie
found that they nevelt approved of his ;dare As there
were neeriil Noble Lords who etronely :supported 'the
titn.3 s Mot tif the Inetiumiision of slaves, told tie doubt, when-
ega:ieitrlgth,::setoaustitaryo:nalnleitillt:notflei:luttiiryutLie,%teinkneilit,l:ttilt.i.ryos;ef
ettlijert, they ivnuhi elbow their tierfeet reeilitieoi to obey
the. rail. Ile had never mice expreeeed his epiniert on the
-matter, but. ha would now do so, d
thou it, hie ruled slavery in ell iti breed,. ssee a
111141 a ilelVy vette; but low to real wiif
question which their leitdshipe could tweet keen to on-
xtvrr
prtvrtly in thie country Aloe,. Ile was iciely,
one, to lissome a Member of that C'luC,n intt'P ; its i i c W in
gatlntiecl, that when this' appeal wan omit to ti nee Vidlhi
fu#ward toil show tt eir t'earlinr•se to gh a their seer idea iu
favour‘ Of the eatoethey had to often etlerwettil, or, if they
did tint, they moat for ever after hold their peace c—( lieer,
and a laugh.)
Berl STANIIOPE did not rise to oppose the notion
fur laying this petition on the talile, •
•eut nwrely to make a
suggestion in aceordence with that thrown out by the
&hie Lord who had just taken his seat. The eneetatlon
wee, thut if the Ceumnittee taeutiotted by the Noble Lord
should 1* appointed the Nolile and Learned Lord on the
woo:sack was of all others the mast fi,ted to he suit out as
it, ehseenste.....(A laugh made that proposal bee
caw, if he renumbered rightly, that Noble and Learned
Lord, in the very first opeech he Made in that House, de-
clared meet solemnly, that one of the two queetions tabieh
he considered to be of paramount importaiitie was that re
the abolition of elavery. It was cot, therefore, impro.
liable that the Noble and Learned hind might cooeider the
Robing to the West Indies, in nadir to tosi-t in the ehtilition
of negro slavery, as one of the paratnotott duties. of
new office. The Noble and Learned total hail distinctly
' asserted the paradox which he (Earl Staehtipe) bed jeet
mentioned. lie would not enter into any argument at to
the trutlt of that paretlux, but would merely observe that it
Was like saying. when the houteetead wee ou fire it should
be considered a paffilnUntlt duty ou the pert of the tamer
to batten to extinguish the flamer, that threatened to buret
out in a clack in-a disteet part of the ternese...(lfeer.)
The LORD CHANCELLOR maid—l sin fully towhee
my Lords, as well front experience here as elsewhere, lone
very inconvenient a long, tiresome, anti somewhat irregular
dieuseion must always he,—and, in epitr, niy CVell
of the alarm of the Noble Earl's (Statiltope'e) e (Homer.
I cannot help regretting the tune we hags lot in the lens
discuetion. Your Lordships may he perfectly secure,
therefore, that 1 shall not give rise to another such, but
nun sure your Lordships will agree that I mold taut help
rising, after the very pointed allusion which the Noble
Earl had made to ow. The Noble Earl bee, in a very
goothbumoured mariner, alluded to what lie considers a
trent extraordinary paredex.—(lleer, hear, from Earl
Stanhope.)seetah, yes, my turtle, I am •perfeetly well
aware that the Nublu Earl will elwera stand for what he
has once laid down, and that, even after it has been proved
to be alisurd,--after every use has adtuittetl the absurdity
of ite.sthe Noble Earl will stand up for—aye, stand
up and speak fur if as afore its your torilabips
anti, perhepte, it little ufiener......(Laueliter.).....flowever, my
Lards, J have been stalled upon weep:alit a paradox sebieh
the Noble Earl oonsidete to be the meet estraordittery
poteilde, which he thinks to be tletwerving of the reprobus
tine of all wise meth—probably, because he feels that it is
deserving of his own reproliation.—(Laughter.).—The
Nubile Earl 'jays that I 1114111' &elated negro elevery to be
a subject of paranteuet imptietance to this country; anti
he says ilia to niche such a dechwation is as 411411100 N as
to say that we ought to go abroad in search of misery
when our house is on Are at hinue. Now, my Lords, it
is very possible that I may have been unfortunate lit the
choice of en expression ; that I may hive :selected an ex.
traordiuiry, an ill-adapted, an unneettserily strong.--nag,
an extravagant epithet ; but that, my Lurtle, is a mishap
that befalls all men at times, and especially when speaking
about subjects upon which their feeling,' anti their cons
vietiun are mod inning; nay, my Lords, this even hap.
pens satnetimes to the Noble Eettbintself, who, however
chaste his eloquence undoubtedly is—(Laughter)-41(we
sonaetimes indulge in the wet of epithet., which, if one
coneidera them very :closely, do nut idwayei appear the
most epptopriate.-es(Leughter.)--Ilowerer, my torch.,
what I meant when I said that ibis etilject teat one (it'
paramount importance to the country, way this,—l 'meant,
that let our distress be ever so great, let the dilate-twines
which previa' at home be ever so much to be deplored,
still it is the province of a wise, buil, permit me to add,
of a just Government, to fulfil the duty of juatice rather
than of mercy; and I call that a subject of paramount inn.
portance which involves the ftilfiltnent of the sacred duty
of justice---a duty that is never to be teethe!, null thetioti-
parfurments of which can never be excused by Any condi-
tion of unhuppinees, • matter how great at ht 1111.....
• (Cheera.)— Well, my Lords, so much for the twe of the
epithet whieliehae %outlasted the correct and eritival judge
meet of the „Notate Earl. Then, my Lents, the Noble
.
Earl went nit in a most -fiteetiotie utanuee to contend Out
1, and that I olds, ought to be Chairmen of n Conintittee -
which I have learnt tonight, for the first nice, that your
Lordships are about to appoint; and to deeper:lt upon it
voyage to the Wow India islands. illuto this Committee
is to he conetituted we have not heed/ I it, it in nut
to cotasiat of present Minions'', heir do I wish AO ill to the
Noble Lords Gear ester—the ExsAlinisterei—es to detire
that they amulet he sent on such 'a mission ; lint, My
Lords, if you will coke the autherity of the Noble Earl,
ba the Committee capotitoteil es it may, I ain the only fit
person to be Cliairinau of its Now, Lords, far be
It
from me to say dint trio ' mot (elite right in
this "attire. only your Lortishilii whit; I a'it aure, see that
it it toy duty to suggest to you' that It might be milord 'at
home. It is not enlikely, my Lords, that the loiter*
its
Chancery might object to the course proposed by the
Nubile Earl; they might be unweannahle.euough to think
that although their bosses would not he. net Are, yet they
might ho altogether dismantled while I voyaging
the Indies, and that. although they %retold stand in en
great degree of &otter is being burned, yet they might
happen to Puree during the shttnee Of the Lord Chenceller
on such an expeilitioip.--(Lattgliter.)—Thie, toy Lords,
might be the view which the Chtneery miters would eiho
of the matter; and, as it is olnrioue that there in nothing
WO, unremumehle for them ts be guilty of, after having
committed. the offence of sintering front the Noble Lett, it
i* tiot improbable that they may burrow fitint the Noble
Earl Immo)f those excellent olutervittions which the Noble
Earl has made to-night alto* pereihmes.-- (Laughter:)--,
However, if the Nettle Earl thinki that 1 stir %entity to
be consulted in the ifeetter,,—eife by whist hat hie laid, the
Noble Earl went to ask lay 4.;
011 411 tai the propriety
of tny hiring Chairman of such at Committee, I will
tell tam candidly that I rennet yet Retitle, 11411 Optima
that point -.Weedier Igo or may will depend very much upon why 4114 'to go' with me. I must inquire into that'
first ; and, to Ininelat me ask the Noble 1411 if he hie
to make gone of the party;---let tiie tiKk thud Nul~'et
hether he will go with tttr°,'cult#, If lie will, rift„nevi
I
arnitthlkunctelhastty:
calculate upon ' thug pursues of ht arinj; st'vt,rt +rt
eight opeeelles from him upon tmlieadeasnitieptequeit)jheeet:lletteiY.,
meet 'be upoe Cllll5 Whiffet...4l4 the space of tine-owe
ey shall (ill of theut 'ire as untertathlnp; 41.1
twenty Leery; end whether the Noble Earl will prothie
tat oil of a petition, hitt having no couneetion b„teeer
with else buldeet of that potitiou ?—,(Cheei Pit Miff eh
laugliter.)—el whit to knew, lwroie 1 4i, ride '
st-,0-tese
am to enjoy the pleasure of seek 11401 es-tit allele:Metes.
I with to know tvhether the Neble Petri eel; o:Le vete rti get liiteitalf embarked lit the game is IPPf that is esseutial—(Lugliter)-.sail I note Lee'de
ships will trees I wish to kue,w acid to be esseeet ee 04

these sets, and I therefore put it
.to the Noble Earl whe-
ther he is ready to give me seettrity•,--auch security as may
approved by two Masters in Chancery—and enter into
recognixances that hr will go in the same ship with me,
anal undertake to debate every thing that occurs tin the
voyage, or that does not occur on the voyage, hut may
happen to suggest itself to the Noble Earl—whether the
Noble Earl will thee debate, and whetheronoreover, he will
carry on that debate in that feeble voice of which be COM-.
plained last night.—(Loud and general laughter, and cries
of No, no," from Earl Stanhope.)--I beg the Noble Earl's
pardon ; he certainly said last night, that '• be raised his
feeble voice, And wished to express forcibly ;" such were
the Noble Earl's epithets; it is not for me to say whether
the Noble Earl, in his speech attended to that definition
which an eminent critic has given of &tie writing, and
which the Noble Earl will probably see, is equally appli•
cable to fine speaking,--namely, " apt words in apt
places :" it is not for me, my Lords, to say whether the
Noble Earl attended to this definition, or whether be put
the epithets in the wrong places, fixing " feeble" where
" forcible" ought to have been, and " forcible" where
" feeble" would have been more appropriate—(Much
laughter)—it is not, I say, my Lords, for me to pronounce
on this matter, but such were moat assuredly the epithets
of the Noble Earl ; and as he has been so hypercritical
upon one of my epithets, he cannot surely complain of
my turning critic in my turn upon his..-.(Cheers, and
laughter.)—Well, then, my Lords, as I was saying,—will
the Noble Earl give nee goes( and sufficient security that
he will embark himself in the same ship with myself,--I
will not insist upon his fixing his birth in the same cabin
.—(Laughter)—that he will speak during the voyage
such speeches as he speaks here, with the same iteration,
in the same feeble time, and with the same agreeable ab-
sence of reasoning and argument.—(Much laughter.)—
Will the Noble Earl, I say, seeure to me well and suffi-
ciently, and legally, these advantages,—all these advan-
tages, for I will not abate none of them.—(Laughter.)—lf
the Noble Lord will, and will inform me also who the
others are who are to go with us—how we are to vnyage,and
what we are to do when we reach the end of our voyage,
--then, and not till then, for then only thug I he in pot-
session of all the circumstances of the case,—then, I say I
will, like a good and just judge, decide whether I will go
or stay.—((sheers and much laughter.)-1 amsure your
LuCdships will see that I should ill become the high judi-
cial office which 1 fill, if I were to give judgment in such
Laura the Noble Earl has satisfied me on these
points, for until then I shall not have learned all the facts
of the matter before me, and, without being informed of
these, it is quite impossible that I can give a sound and sa-
tiafartory decision.—(Cheers and laughter.)
Here the conversation dropped.—Adjourned till Monday.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, Dec. 10.
Mr. Danvers presented an account of the bUltil Of
money paid to the creditors of the Nabob of Arcot.
.BOROUGHBRIDGE ELECTION.
Lord W. POWLETT brought up the report of the
Committee an this election, whieh declared that the Sit,
tiug Meinhelm were duly elected, but that the petition
spinet the remelt was neither frivolous nor vexatious.
Air. C. RUSSELL presented a petition from Reading,
Berke, praying for the establishment of Local Courts..
Petitions against Negro slavery were presented by dif-
ferent Members from various places in England and Ireland.
A Member took the oaths and his seat.
Colonel Si RTUORPE presented a petition from Lincoln,
in favour of the establishment of Local Courts, and another
petition un the sante place, praying for the abolition of
the Assessed Tara, lie entirely concurred in the prayer
of both petitions.
Sir W. INGILBY prey rated a petition from Lincoln in
favour of Parliamentary Reform, Vote by Ballot, awl an
equal distrilaition of taxatioe.
Mr. BEAUMONT presented a petition from North
Webb,' in Northumberland, ales praying fur Reform and
the it dint.
Mr. BELL objected to the petition being considered as
containing. the sentiments of the inhabitants of North
Shields, but only of those who had signed it. The pati,
Outlet's stated, that if Rehtrm were not granted to the
people peseeably, they would obtain it by violence.. Now
he denied that the people of North. Shields or Northum-
berland generally contemplated having recourse to violence.
Mr. BEAUMONT explained that the petition did not
assert that there wee any diaposition to violence in North-
timberland, hot they expressed an apprehoution that, ulti-
mately, the people of Englatedss4 Hear, beer)—might tee
tent to force hi order to ohtalts die WM. lie would ask
lie lione Friend (Mr. Bell) wars not the people of North
Shield* friendly to Reform • ,
Mr. HODGES pteseotettpetitiotts from Wroeltesce eat!
41;iier places in Kent, praying. toe a change of the Tithe
Syalittn, and fur itriigin in Parliament. Ile concurred in
their prayer, Mid he. Mit! ied that if the OM Ministry re-
deemed their pledgee ott the subject of Rariprm anti Re-
trenchment, there would he comparatively little difficulty
in putting an end to the outrages which haul unhappily
sliegrared shot country. !lad the change taken place some '
months sooner, thoseoptrages never would fume occurred.
--(IWO Many refused to be sworn in as special con-
st4WO'ishoring ilte-edistut Winces, avowing their distrust of
the Alas otere.
.Sir C. WETHERELL regretted that men should an far
forget their duty to their country in a time of peril from
such a cause. He hoped, however, that they would Pew
come forwerd, 1114 they proliessed confidence in the new
Adminietration. lie hoped, however, that the Hon,
(*jeroboam would not neglect his duty, if his constiteents
neglected theirs.
Mr. HODGES hoped that the prevent Ministry would
give satisfaction. But he considerett that the Magistrates.
of Kent weie ptstieed in this backwerdness, by the neglect
with which the late Government had treated a memorial
laid before them by some of those Magistrates before the
breaking out of the late outrages.
Mr. HODUES then presented . similar petitions from
Stapletno sr, Cranbrook, Peneedete and other places in
Kent, which were all tardered to be printed.
Mr. tkoeux Pottsoesir and another Member took the
oaths.
Mr. BEAUMONT presented a petition front the
watersten of North and South Shields, praying for relief.
They described themselves aa reduced to extreme distress
by the introduction of steam-boats.
Colonel SIIITHOUPE presented a petition from the
Mayor, Corporation, Merchants, and other Inhabitants of
Lincoln, in all 1272 meet respectable persons, praying fur
the Repeal of the Asseseed Tezee. He regretted not to see
the Chancellor of the Exchequer in his place, as be (Col.
Sihtliorpe) was desirous of hearing the opinion of that
Minister respecting the petition.
Mr. ELLICE explained, that the Chancellor of the
Eecheriurr was then attending a Cabinet Council.
IRISH EDUCATION SOCIETY.

O'CONNOR DON presented petitions from Meurer?,
the Union of St. John, Sligo, Kilmecroney, and other
places in Ireland,:complaining of the manner in which the
grant to the Kildare-street Society fur Promoting Educe-
tion in Ireland was applied.
Sir R. I3ATEBON defended the Society, and contra-
dieted the statements of the petitioners.
Sir R. FERGUSON observed, that it had been agreed
at the beginning of the Session that the time of the House
should nut he eccupitd in the distmeeion of petitions,
(Order.)
Mr. O'CONNELL aupported the allegations of the po.
tition. tie admitted that the Society was popular in the
county which the Dom Baronet repiegented, herniae the-
religious edueation ettOreed by the Society was in confor-
mity with the opinious of the Pleabyteriant, who eonsti.
lute a large part of the population of that County. lie
wished the Presbyterians to educate their children in vebut-
ever tenets of religion they preferred. arl be only desired
that the IMMO should he allowed to Catholic* and Prowl-
tants, Ile bad been a Member of the Kildare-street So-
ciety, but when he discovered the insincere and deceitful
mode in which they wore proceeding, he withdrew. Nor
was be alone, for the Puke, of Wrote, who was then
President, Lord Mowery, and irony other', withdraw
at
the scants time, end for the same reseente. The higttest
prelates of the Protestant Church in Irelatul disapproves!
of the Society. A Committee of this lbw, who had
rigidly etiunined the mode in which they profeseeti to can-
t:lite the people of Ireland, had recommended to Par-
liament to withdrew the grants end to edlitote the people
in the manner for which he and the Catholic clergy had
ineisted. • •

Mr. I.EFROY defended the society.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT said, that any observations
upon the subject of tbe Kildare-street Society. would be
best deferred until the grant caitiff formally under the eon-
sidsraiiou of the House. He objected as decidedly 411 soy
.one could to the exclusive, system pursued; that sistian
which Shut Catholics from the benefit of instruction,
toterely bersuse they would not read the nibk as a school
hook without outs or enroineut....The petitions were
ordsrog to lie on the table.
Mr. tpCONNOII, presented it petition from the parimit
of St. Ntellotas, Galway, preying for en eXte,l4o4of thr
Elective Franchise ; also a petition from the Freeholders
of Roscommon, praying or a repeal of the Legislative
Union.--Botli to lie on tt,e
nt, M rgtuis of !It ANIV0111) presented s. petition
front a'hutalred in the county or Norfolk, complaining
use prevailing distress a tils cooritrY• Laid on the table.
me
sane DionLe 14-1141) presented a petition trout 4 010*
ibe county of the town of .oa:way, preying for 411 g,_

tension a' the Elective Franchise. A petition from Long-
ford against Negrn Slavery, and one from Woodstock,
praying for Parliamentary Reform.—All to lie on the
t.He.

Mr. O'CONNELL presented a petition from Moses
Phillips, complaining that he was charged BiL in the pound
upon a rent ni a farm in Paddington, which was only 2601.
annually, and though the rate in question was charged far
Police there were no Police stationed in that place..

The same Mx. Mx3tuza, presented a petition from a
place in the parish of Saddleworth, in the county of York,
praying for Radical Reform.—Both laid on the table.
The House wee then summoned to the House of Peers
ley the Deputy Usher of the Black Rod, to hear the Royal
As-eiit given by Cotnmission to the Consolidated Fund Bill.
On the SPEAKER'S return, he informed the House
that they had been to the House of Peers, and heard the
Royal Assent given by Coniroission to the above men-
tioned Bill.

...
Mr. O'CONNELL presented petitions from the parish
of Knockmoy. in the county of Galway, and from Youg-
hal against the Irish Unioo. Petitions against the Kil-
d,tre-place Sriciety, from Ki!glass, Bansgh.r, and Bally-
heen; and a petition from the occupiers of land in the
Union of Middleton (Cork) against tithti.—Ml to lie on
the table.

Mr. O'CONNELL, took that oppottunity of giving
notice that he would, on the 10th of February, make a
motion, the object of which would be to effect a complete
Radical and rffetual.Reform of abuses in Parliament. He
likewise gave notice that in the Committee upon -the Mir.
cellatteous Estimates lie would move, that the practice of
'Crown. Cauntel in Ireland of examining witnesses out of
Court, was detrimental to the mule of justice and dero-
gatory to the character of the Irish Bar.
Mr. O'GORMAN MAHON presented a petition front
Richard Rochford Carew, of tae county of Cork, corm.
plaining of a certain Act of Parliament under which Ma-
gistrates were enabled, unnecessarily, to commit, without
the intervention of any other trilmnal, without appeal, and
without admitting of hail ; thus the petitioner contended
that the valusble privilege of Trial by Jury was impaired.
—The petition was laid upon the table. The lion. Mem-
ber said that as the petition was horn an individual, he
should not move that it be printed ; hut he gave notice
that, on an early day, he should make a motion having
14 its object to remedy the abuses of which the petitioner
complained.
The same liorr. MssinEn presented petitions from KU-
fenora, awl another place in the county of Clam, complain-
ing of the system of the Kildare-place Society.—Both to
re on the table.

The hour having arrived at which the presentation of
petitions terminates,
Lord ALTHORP said, that understanding that an
Heti.. and Learned Gentleman, who had been named on
the Committee appointed list night, wished to be excused
front serving, he begged to move that the name of Mr.
Robert Gordon be substitUted for that of the Hon. and
Learned Gentleman —Agreed to.
BANK CHARTER.

On the motion of Lord ALTHOHI', that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of Supply,
Sir HENRY PARNELL said be would take that op.
portiinity of asking the Noble Lord what was the inten-
tion of Government as to the renewal of the Bank Char•
ter, which tai uld shortly expire. He hoped a bargain
would not he made with the Bank first, and then applica
tion made to that House to take the subject into consi-
deration. It was a question that required the most se•
riuue considerutiitu ; fur it was the duty of Parliament
to pi event ttccurrAct s similar to those which had
taken place, anti to protect the public from a repetition of
loss like what they hut already sustained a sound and
g.,od system of banking ought to be established.
Lord ALTHORP calif it was intended to appoint a
Committee respecting the r naval of the flank Charter.
He did not know whether such a Committee would be ap-
pointed this Session or next, but he thought it might be
this.—(Hear.)—With respect to any bargain with the
Bank, he could assure the House that no such thing
would ever take place. Every negociation should be
submitted to Parliament.—(Hear.)—Gortornment had
not as yet made up their minds on the subject, but he
t.olt as much as any one the importance of the question.
It nas Most essential that the banking system of the
country should he placed on a firm and secure footing.—
(Cheers,)
