and ti)u'r.

Among these Gentlemen, wenbserved the following : IVri.
Mills, Mr., Plowden, Mr. Holroyd, Mr. Egan (Chairm n of
the County of Dublin SessiObs),‘Mr. Dcbrett, Mr. Hodgson,
Mr. Dillon, Mr. Waithman, Mr. Carberry, Mr. Graham,
Mr. Denis O'Brien, Col. Brune, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Wishart,,
Mr. Page, Mr. Mawman, Serjenas kunnington, Hey Wood,
and Lens, Mr. Gurney, Sadler, &c.
HOusehOld, in mourning coaches,
Five Gentlemen. of the tionSehold, with scarves, hatbands,
&c. in two mourning coaches, drawn by four horses each.
ve.G monis, and other infenor Servants of the Deceased,
In deep Mourning, • vlrith black crape hatbands, walking two
s-aitti two.
Physicians and ivledical Gentlemen,' •
With black silk scarves, hltbandi, &c. in two mouthing
coaches with six horses each. •
Eight Physicians-and Medical
,Gentlemen,'
• On foot, with black silk scarves,. hatbands, &c.
Among whom were— Dedors Vaughan and Moseley, and
SuigeOn
Divines in their Canonicals, &c.
Seven in their goWns, &e. with scarves, hatbands, &c. in two
• mounting-coaches,-drawn by six horses each ; among whom
wereDr.Parr, and Dr. Kaine, Master at the Charter. House
School.

Twenty Divines on foot, ..
' In scarves; hatbands, &c. two and two.
Singing Boys of the Chapel Royal,
Eighteen, in their full dress of scarlet and gold, witiltocked
hats, black silk 'scarves, hatbands, &c.
Two Mutes on Horseback,
Carrying-staves, covered with black silk, black cloaks, silk
hatbands, &c.
State Plurn6 of black.Ostricti Feathers, with Velvet Falls,
Carried by two men, with black silk scarves, hatbands, and
gloves; supported by two Pages, with black wands, with
gilt 'heads, scarves, hatbands, &c.

The Plume was one of the most mageificent we
hmie ever beheld, and more than double the ordi-
nary size. It was covered with the richest black
velvet, festooned round the edge, and• trimmed
with deep. black silk fringe; the top was covered
with plumes of the finest black,ostrich feathers, and
the falls were ornamented with escutcheons, repre-
senting the Arms and Crest of the deceased. . •

Two Mutes on horseback, carrying Staves, with scarves, Sic
as before.

Two men on horseback as Conchidors, in mourning cloaks,
- . with black silk hatbands, &c.
The Great Banner,
Carried by an Ofhcer of the .Herald-0 thee, supported by two
Gentlemen in mourning, with black silk scarves, hat-
bands,

This Banner represented the arms of the De,
ceased quartered with those of the Unite! King-
dom,' to denote that the Deceased was one of the
Chief Secretaries of State of His Majesty.

Two Horsemen in cloaks, tee. as before.
•
Two Bannerols,
Carried by Gentlemen on horseback, with black silk scarves,

hatbands,

These Bannerols were the Arms and Crest of the
DeceAsed, on a vhite ground, trimmed with black
anti white-fringe.

• rickrsernen,
•
•R ith cloaks, &C. as before,:
' Two lianuer6ls4
It: same aS before, with ver, little variathiti, tarried by
Gehtletncu as, berbte.
Two Hors :men
1. .. • - With cloaks, &c. as before:
"I he Crest of t
Carried on'a black velvet enslutm; by a centlettan of the
Hraltt's Office, On horseback, uncovered, led by two
G r(5-oins, in deep mourning; wit If black silk scarves, hat.
bands The horse coveted with black ve_lvettrap-
: pings, t.irtuned with deep black,frin;,•e, and ornamented
by escutcheons of the arms of the Deceaed.

THE BODY, -
In a. Coffin coveted with black velvet, richly mounted in gilt
furniture ; carried on a Hearse, drawn by six black horses,
led byG rooms of Noblemen, in deep mourning, with black
silk scarves, hatbands, &c.•attended- by six l'ages.on each
side, also in °lee') mourning, with truncheons, black silk
scarves, hat-bands, &c. - -
This Carriage was designed by Mr. JOUNSTON, of
Catherine-street, and principally, executed by, Mr.
'WRIGHT, foreman of-Messrs. MARst.riand,TATHAv,
and as much larger than that which conveyed the
heroic NELSON to St. Paul's. It was 27 feet in
height. • 'The shape was an oblong square, with the
platform about seven feafrom the gryund,and raised
towards the centre'by Ave steps,upou which the Body
was laid: The dome; of a semi-circularfortn, was,
supported by four pillars, the whole covered with,
the richest black velvet drapery, trimmed \vial
deep black fringe. The- drapery round the Plat-
form neatly touched the ground, so as to entirely
conceal the wheels ; this-was looped up by roses of
black velvet; fastened :by cords and rich, tassels.
The pillars were covered with black velvet drapery,
festooned in the most tasteful style, and looped by.
con', and tassels. The dome was covered with
a quantitypf.the.finest plumes of black ostrich fea-
thers. Near 500 yards of velVet have been used in
the decorations of this superb carriage, which re-
quired no superfluous ornaments. to 'add to, its gran-
deur.c and solemnity, and therefore all additional de-
corations of escutcheons, &c. were omitted ; iand the
died was doubly grand, awful, and solemn.

• • Six Noblemen,. Pall-bearers : '•
The. Lord Chancellor, the Duke of Norolk,' the Duke of
Devonshire,,the Earl of Thanes," the Earl of Carlisle, the
Earl of Albemarle, in full dress mourning, with black silk
scarves, hat-bands, &c. in two mourning coaches, drawn
by six state black horses each.
The Chief Mourner, Lord Holland, •
With a train cloak, supported by two Noblemen (the Earl
• Fitzwilliain and Vist. Howick), with black silk scarves,
hatbands, &c. in a mourning coach, with six state 'horses. ;
Train-bearer to the Chief Mourner, Mr. Trotter,
(Mr. FoX's Private Secretary; Nephew of the late Bishop of
• Down, a most intimate friend of the Deceased), •
With black silk scarf, hatband, &c. in a mournin,g coach with
loin. horses. ' , ;
The twenty Noblethen and Gentlemen Direaors,
Part in mounting coaches, and part walking twotanci two.
'Among who were, besides those already mentioned under
other heads—The Solicitor-General, the Master of tile.
Rolls in Ireland (the Right Hon. John Philput Curran),
Lord Win.. Raissell,•Earl Cowper, Lord R. Spencer, George
Bytig, Esq. Lord lona Townsend, Mr, Whitbread, Mr,
Adam, the Attorney. t, eneral, Mr. Sheridan, &c. &c.
A small Black Banner,
With the Arms of the Deceased, carried by a Gentleman on
foot; with black silk scarf, hatband, &c.
• Peet* Mourners,
f With black silk scarves, hatbands, &c. two and two.
Amongst whom were Marquisses l'ay.stock and'Heschort—
, Earls 4Besborough,lllailet, Carystort,Sulflk,Cliohnon.
deley. aud Jersey Viscounts I,l,leloourne, Sidinoutti,
- &c. &c.
• Sons of Peers, Mourners, • •
Earl PereY,' Lords Stanley, St. John, QSsulstoitc, G. Coven-
. dish,'Petre, four Ponsutibys, sons of Loll Ponsonby, &c.
&c. with scarves, &c. as before.
' . Nlembers of tire t louse of Commons,
With hl'ick silk scat v.:s;'llatbands, &c. two and two ; among
wlichn were, Sir John Aubrey, Sir Joint Throckinurton,
' and Mr. William Throckniorton,- Mr. :tierney, Sir C. V.
• Pole,'sir Win. Milner, Dr.' Lawrence Gen. Fitzpatrick,
Mr. North, Mr. Francis, Hon. Cavendish Bradshaw' Sir
Robert Barclay, Mr. Elliot, Mr. nouverie, Mr. Wilham
Wynne, Mr. Barnes, Mr. Gardiner, Mr.. Courtney., Mr.
Bytig, Mr. Wni. Smith, Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Martin,'Mr.
Giles, Mr. H. Addington, Mr. Lee, Mr. Morris, Mr: Fon-
blanque, Mi.G arrow, Mr. Jervoise, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Court,
•ney, Sit John Seabright,. Mr. E. B,ouverie, &c. &c. &c.
Banner of Eirtblems, •
Carried-by a Gentleman on horseback, with black scarf, hat.
bands, Sec. supported by two Gentlemen on foot, with,
. scarves, &c.

This Banner represented a figure of Britannia,
lamenting the loss of the deceased, with the Lion
and Shield at her,ti:et, shaded by a willow, well de-
signed, and painted on a white satin flag, bordered
With black and white fringe. .

• The Carriage of the Deceased,
Drawn by four itursds„with three Servants in deep mourn-
, . ing, scarves, hatbands, &c-.• -
State and other Carriages ; •
Lord Holland's, and tout servants in deep mourning, three
footmen. behind ; Lord I lenry Petty's, servants_ with black silk
hatbands, &c. ; Lord Ellenborough's, as before; Lord Gren7
as before 4. Url.Percy's, as before; Earl Fitzwilliant%
as before ; Earl Besborou.gh's, and six; with three foOtmen,
black silk hatbands, &c. in state liveries ; the Duke of De-
vonshire's, and six,
.Servants in mourning, &c. ; Duke of
Norfolk, as before Lord Villiers', as before ; Lord Chan-
cellor's, and four, as before ; Sir 101111 Aubrey's, as before ;
Sir lohn-Thruckinorton's, as -before Mr. Adarn's ; Lord
Moira's ; Earl Cowper's ; Earl ,lersey's ; Earl Thanet's ;
Lord William Russell's ; Earl litizwilliarn's ; Eat! Choi-
niondeley's ; Lord George Cavendish's.; Lord Furze's ;
Earl A lbentarle's ; Earl .Carlisles ; Earl Spencer's ; Vis-
count Sicimouth's ; Loki - John Townsend's ; Viscount
Howick's ; Mr. Whitbread's ; Mr. Sheridan's ; Mr. Alder:
man •Cooinbe's ; Mr. lervoisels; Mr. Holmes; Mr. Lang-
ley's ; Mr. Glover's ; •Mr.• • Lucie's ; Mr. E. Bouverie's.;
Mr. Ilouverie's ; the Marquis of Tavisrock's ;',Marquis of
Ileadfott's ; Lord Stanley's.; General Fitzpatrick's ; and Ld
Ellenoorough's—amounting to upwards of 4o carriages alto--
gaiter:- •

From the multitude of people who crowded about
,the Palace, a great number of Noblemen and Gen-
tlemen's carriages were not able to fall into the Pro-
cession, and, for the same reason, the carriages which
did join were obliged to take their places .promiscu-
ously, without regard to rank.

The Prdbession was a full hour in passing, from
first 1Q last. When the ProcesSion arrived at the
eastern end of Westminster Abbey, opposite the en-
trance to the House of Commons, the several Noble-
men and. Gentlemen; who were before in 'carriages,
alighted, 'and the body being removed from the
hearse, the whole Procession passed in regular or-
der, on foot, through he small passage between the
Abbey and St. Margaret's • Church, taking a sweep
through the. Sanctuary,' and entering at' the great
western gate, Where 'the Prebend and Clergy of
'Westminster, preceded by the Gentlemen of the.
Choir, attended to receive them.

Ai teri o'clock *the St. Margaret's and St. John's
Volunteers, amounting to 250; entered the Abbey.
They were•stationed on each side the principal Aisle
throtigh which the Procession was to pass, and
others were distributed in different parts of the
Cathedral, with a number of constables. The Dean's
pew' was filled, as wa§ the organ loft ; numbers
were Admitted' into the galleries over the grave.—L-
Amona them was Lady HOLLAND. The Gentlemen
of th;Church had the privilege of admitting 'their
friends into 'the body of the Church. Soon after
three o'clock the trumpets of the Westminster
Light Horse announced the approach of the solemn

PYd&§;673.;

d:

slered stria)), Riiheif 1'

four befoi-.3tl

; however; near;

:.Ran to enter-tlie West

door.; As soon aS the state plurne of ostrich
titers entered, the C.-'entlemen, of the enthedr,ll
into till'? proceSsi,.!;, black searve:.;to on t: eir
-
shoulders. Ea ri _ 1!:it t.l ALE and T:t N'ET,
the Lotto ~Loit,held up the right side of the
Pali Earl CAI:LISLE, the Dukes of DE, vOtsnittrand
NoRFoLK/beld up the left side ;- the latter Wore .i
irew'suit of black velvet upon: the occasion: Lord
HOLLAND followed the corpse of his departed Uncle,
as- Chief Mourner. Lordship ,was supported
by Earl FITZWILLIAM and .Lordship
Howrox. On
their entrance, the organ, and Mecsrs.'Nizi..o, GORE,
G 055, MAIIaUET, and the other Gentlemen of the
Choir; began Dr.. CROVeS Funeral ServiCe.---‘ I c
the resztrrec-tion
.and the life, saith the Lord.' The
Ftnieral'Serviee was read by the Rev. Dr, iIRELAN n,
one of the Prebends ; and at the gvave the Gentle-
trier) of •the Choir sang PlincELL:ii Burial Service--L
"'Man that is torn of a woman has tat 4 short tin ze
to

Although the v north aisle wtis extremely
crowded; the most solann silence prevailed. The
grave is eight feet deep, and is cy.aaly oppositP. the
Earl of CHATHAM'S monument. The Dean olleVest-,
minster 'did not ' attend, owing to his having the,
gout. After the: interment, the Organist played
The Dead March in Saul. The C:ofrin vas deposited
the silent grave about half-past four:

. .
sumptuous dinner„ teas given at the Royal 'Ma.;
rine Barracks,at Plymouth; on Tuesday lastO)y the
Officers of that Corps,, on the promotion of- Colonel
AiiiiEßsorr, late Second Cmninaodant of that Dili-
sion, to the chief Command at Chatham. Lieu-
tenant Colonel SMIT3 presided, and concluded. tilt'
entertainment with distinguished propriety. , After.
the King and the customary loyal toasts had been -
drank with enthusiasm, , the worthy PA:::;ident.gave •
'‘‘ Colonel ANDERSON." The esteem and atfettion
with which this amiable man and excellent 017icer-
is regarded, was fUlly evinced by the rapturous.ap= -
plause that followed thi,s toast." General CAMP..
BELL," and the Honourable Retired List."--By the •
Vice-7." The Four DiVisions Of Royal Marines;,
may there never be a division amongst them."—The
health of Major LEE, who was recontly promoted,
to the Chatham Division, was also drank.
The Royal Marine Band attended ; several ex'cel.,
lew songs were Sung; the utmost conviviality pre-
vailed ; and the Company.separated with regret at a
late hour.

Nearly too recruits have been ohtairked .for Sr
GEORGE PREVOST'S Battalion of tife-Zofll Regimen:
of German Conscripts 'frOm the Banks of the thine;
from' the prisoners lately captured in the four French
Frigates.

THE THEATRE.--MSS who made so
very promising a first appearance on Wednesday, at
Covent Garden Theatre, as Polly, in T&' Beggars'
Opera, resumed that Charaadr last night, and amply
Confirmed our impressions in her favour. She-had
more self-possession, arid sung with greater firm-
ness and fspirit. We_ are'persuaded; as rce before
observed, that she possesses. talents that may render
,her a pleasing and interesting ACtress, 'as well as
a vocal Performer of no inferior character. She re-
, ceived loud and reiterated plaudits froM a very nu-
, merous audience. The After-piece Was Vaiewine
and Orson. 'At the end of the first ACt, a Master
SMALLEY, who had been introduced in the dame
rrt antler the night before, caine forward and sung an
air composed &I-Shim by Mr. PAVY. The
.boy
possesses a fine voice, and this song was very well
calculated to bring forth its powers. The story of
this boy is interesting. He is, an orphan, and was
wholly friendless, obtaining a miserable subsistenceby-
singing in,a public--house. An account of his voice was
communicated to, the Chief Proprißof of Covent-
'Garden Theatre, who, with his CharaCteristic zeal
for merit, sent for him immediately, and findicg
the boy possessed vocal powers, which, with due
cultivation, might enable hith to obtain a com-
fortable subsistence, he has taken the little fugitive
into his-proteCtiOn,. and has placed him 'under the
dire&ion of :Mr.DAVY, from whom his talents will,
of course, derive every profeSsional advantage. ,

-It is somewhat curious that when M. 'DE KNO•
BELSDORF;the Prussian Minister at Paris, compl,ain-
ed of the abuse against his Country which appeared
in the Parisian Journals, he was answered that. it
was not inserted in the Mbniteur, and that, there-
fore, the. French .00`vcriatnent was not responsible
for it, since JournaliSts could not be restrained from
making remarks on political matters; This answer
is the height of mockery and insult from a Oovern7.
ment which holds the. Press in such abjeal slavery
that not an article must appear in it without.'expos-
ing the Writer-ind Printer to death or transpoi-ta-
tion. Nay, we seem the horrible fate •of the u-
fortunate and heroic PALM, the Bookseller, that the
French Despot is not content with the servile con-
dition'of the French Press, but wants to spread his
odiouS controul upon the Press of every other Coun-
try
_ _

. With what detestation and horror will the humane
and loyal people of this Country read an article in a
Foreign Journal, 'which states, that several litn•dral
.Neapolitan 'Prisoners of Warare expected at Antwerp-
to work, with a log at one foot, in the harbour. Yet
the only fault of these men is an attachment to their
lawful Sovereign, and a dutiful resistance of an odious
Usurper. Among these men are some perhaps of edu-
cation, and who, before their Legitimate Government
was overturned, were possessed of considerable pro=.
perty. .Such are the fruits of French fraternity,. and
such may every people expe& who are
,so weak
and so base as to 'give encouragement to French
principles. The degrading slavery .of the French

_
themselves affirds indeed a dteadful u'arning to the
people'of all other States. •
A young 'La.ly of respeßability, who resides at ,
Lambeth, put a period to her existence yesterk:
morning, -at the house of a friett;l at igdbank.—

The cause of her, conunitting the rash at is not
known. She Was apparently cheerful with her

companions until she absented herself abrubtly
from the 'room, and retired- to a bed=room, where
she seized a razor, with which she committed the

fatal aLa.

CORK, Our. 4.—The 50th and 82d Regiments
have received oiders to-embark, we b2lieve, tor the

Spanish Main, and are to be replaced in this Garri-
son by the 25th and 321sitegitnents.

GENERAL DUMO URIC R.

LETTER OF GENERAL DUMOURIZR, WRITTEN RIESE-

QUENT TO THE BATTLE OF AUSTERLITZ, TO A

GERMAN NOBLEMAN.

Troppao, Dec. 20, 1805,
Dear Baron—With a. heart penetrated with sor-'
row for the -piaure which I have before my eyes,
and a head filled with the conversations which tool*
place between us three days 'ago, I pass 'the nights
without sleep—l can find nri- rest—l dire6t- all my
facilities to one single objeet—the deliverance of Eu
rope ; and -t wish the same restlessness for So•
who are still more interested than thyself
in preventing the inevitable catastrophe .Which
pends, if the most extraordinary peace, not only di-
vides their power for the present, but deprives them
in future of all possibility of amain forming slich a
whole, such a strong military°tbree as they now
have in their hands, for the purpose of opposing the
stream that has incwased to such prodigious magni-
/

. _ .
A battle, fought against all the rules of prudence
and of art; has been lost. Ithis compelled the Em-
peror of Austria' to intreat the, Russian Emperor to
abandon him to his fate. -The want of provisions\
would likewise have obliged the Russians to leave
for a time the unfortunate theatre of she war. The
Russian troops ate .retreating by forced marches ;
they calculate only the last disaster, the compul-
sory abgudonment of an ally, whom, notwithstand-
•ing all the blood it has cost -them, they are unable
to rescue; the velocity of their retreatniagnities, in
their eves, the invincibility hf the conqueror ; and
When ;lief once get back to their country, they will
- perhaps be in no great haste to return.
The pubiic opinion, whiCh always inclines to the
side of_the strongest, is quite in favour of NAPO-
Lnotir The misfortunes of the ancient andpoWer-
ful House of Austria, the retreat
~of the Russians,
the tardiness of the King of Prussia, seem,' in the
cyos of many, to render Peace absolutely necessary.
A Very small number of persons are Of a different
opiniGn.
Before the defeat at Austerlitz a tolerable Peace
znitlrt haVe been concluded. The armed mediation
of the King of Prussia counterbalanced the great
successes of th-e Enemy, whose too widely extended
position, in consequence of the velocity of his con-
inests, in ruined countries, would alone have been
sutficient to inspire hint with moderation. His Ne-
gotiations 'will extricate him froth the dilernmarin
notwithstanding his apparently brilliant situa-
tion, be is. aatraliy placed.- The viCtories of his ca-
binet are produgive of tnore immediate and-decisive
results than'those of hi; armies..
Jr a certain Power 'Suffers the conqueror to dielate
Pe:gse.,,. she Wirl rarretider toihn all the resources of
the House of Austria.
In the hands "of such an &Clive leader, all the xe-
sources of the States which coMposed the House of
Austria will be developed; the energy of the, people
Will be revived as soon as it shall come to-this
point, to fight with a certain other Nation. Then
. will the formidable armies, which
,dissolved like
snow in the sun before the lucky star of NAPOLEON,
again' make their, appearance, and with these newlf-
created Ausirians he will attack another State.
The King of Prussia has indisputably a respeetable
Army, and two faithful Allies, Hesse and Sa::ony ;
because their,thtt is.closely connthed With his. The
Enemy would, however, attempt _to:carry the' war
into his dominions. . .
TO this reasoning it will be obje&ed—lf you con-
sider war With the French as dangerous, why do you
' wish a certain Monarch to abandon his system of
neutrality, and tochange his mediation into an attack,
:which would expose him to the dangers you de-
scribe, while -you, at Abe same' lithe, admit; that
dispirited Austria is no longer capable of. helping
'herself, but lies at the mercy of the Conqueror ?
I aIISWCI, for the very reason thaf Austria deserts
herself, the-march of the Russians should 'be stopped
before they have aCtuiilly. returned to their distant
Country, and they should beled back-to the Theatre
of War before the Austrian States, Italy,, Tyrol,
Saltzburgh, devolve, by to other masters ;
before nuugary and Bohemia receive a' new Con-
stitution ; before Poland is organized according to
certain principles ; in short, before all these inno-
vations are sanctioned by a Peace. At this moment.,
all Europe is armed how much might not be ef-
fected, under the present circumstances,- by a certaiii
Power !

As soon as Peace is signed, there will be no re-

medy.
Let us now examine the respetlive
,positions Of
the several Powers. On the one hand, NAeoLEoN
is Master of Italy, Tyrol,. Austria, Vienna, all
Moravia, and more than half of Bohemia. Hun-
gary is neutralized.
.The Revenues of all these Pro-
vinces furnish • him with Subsidies ; the imperial
Magazines supply him'ammunition, arms, clothes,
But his military position is nOt perfealy
la-
vourabie. •
The 'Austrian Eniperorl has'no longer any States 5,,
but has still an army, namely, the undiminished
army of the Archduke CiIiALLES, amounting to more
than 80,000 men-. It is. not yet dispirited, because
it has alwdys repulsed the enemy.
The two eorps in Bohemia and Moravia amount to
40,000 men, and are daily increasing-. The reserve

in Poland comprehends 30,000. Had the ncgotiations
for peace been soon broken off, the first appearance of
the Archduke CEttaiLEs in Hungary would have in-
stantly put an end to the neutrality 'of that nation,
which would have presently bqen in a state of insur-,
reaion. 'Thus it is possible to calculate on more than
200,000 Austrian soldiers, more than half of which
are excellent troops, who might be .armed, concen-
trated, and employed in-the re-conquest of Vienna:
The Emperor of Russia
..has no intention of de-
serting.th
Coalition. He is not more desirous of
Any thing than to return: His Army is not yet so
far distant, and before it reaches the: interior, it
may retain, refreshed by rep,,..!, .and joined by
reinforcements, stronger and its higher spirits than
ever. • -

Besidest -an unditninished Corps of 40,000 men,
under ,Gen: BENICIGSEN; iii "the King. of Prussia's

Dominions, has bad no share in the' t-nisfortunes of
Great Army, and is not affe6ted by the stipula-
tions of the truce Till the rupture of the Nego-
,tiatics, it must remain in the• Prussian Dominions;

emia any

and then it ma'Onain march into
rav‘ia, to cover Olmutz and Prague.
• ShotAlq, the Etnperor• ALExAraiBR afterWarsis re-
turn with his army, .the united force of both Empe-
rors might then be estimated at 300,000 men,which
are more than sufficient to as t on the otiensive.

Mere marches, an.d the skilful occupation Of posi-
tion 3 by another party,,' Might be of great import-
ance. For example—t will just mention the occu-
pation of the celebrated positidn of the Schellen-
_be;g, near Donauwerth, by the .army assembled on.
the frontiers of Franconia; while the army in Sile-
htanding in connexion with ,tho Upper Palati-
nate, should mask., or 'occupy, Ingolstadt, and a de-
tached corps from the right wing of the Austro-
•RusSinn-armv should mask; or occupy, Passau.
I am not here takin'g into the account the great
diversion of the Allied Army in Lower Saxony, on
the Rhine, in the Send) of Italy ; nor of the diver-
sion in Spain,- which I long ago proposed—which
I still recommend, and wish to be adopted.
It is time, Mv dear friend, to conclude this letter,
and to' shut up .my magazine of ideas. Unfortu-
nately I am oply a private individual, and far from
expecting thaemy advice Will be followed—l have
no-asYlum in the country for which I have sacrificed
my repose, which Lcanie to defend, and for which
I undertook a voyage in my 166th-j
--ear, and in the'
most dangerous season. I -trust conceal myself,
wandering from mountain to mountain, under an
assumed name, till I find a Prince _who (I may say
so without arrogance), on account of the interest
with. which I am capable of inspiring him, will affOrd
me public prote&ion and acknowledgment. •
Adieu, dear Baron—acquaint me, in my solitude;
with every interesting event- that occurs. I ern-
braCe you.

iNTEW. P.4.LENTS'FOR INVENTIONS, GRANTED Bl THE
. •
- EMPEROR, AT B, MBOUILLET, 21ST AUGUST
A Patent.for fifteen years to Relfuurt Sposor, ,for
a new corn mill.'
A Patent for ten years to Anthony,Barre, for
im-
provement in the machinery .for
A. Patent to Messrs. ,Fraud, for fifteen years, for
improvements of the harp. ,
A Patent, -*for fifteen years,. to Andr6..Favre, of
Toulon, for a portable horizontal preSs, intended' to
• press-all kinds of substances, particularly olives.
A Patent to Widow Garnest; of Paris, for ten
years, for a machine for Weaving combed wool.
To Pierre • Charles Boulay, for ten years, for a
method of fixing the colours' of a.great number of
metallic oxides.
A Patent tb Francois Bergeaud, torten years, for
an hydraiilic engine to • raise-water and other heavy
bodies.
A Patent to Firmin Didot, for ten years, for his
new invention in stereotype printing, being that of
giving, the letters in what is called the English'writ7
ten chara&er, being without any interruption be-
tween the letters.
A Patent, for five years, to Sieur Berlioz, for a
carriage which he calls the flying pinnace.
A Patent, for ten years; to M. De Groos, for the
manufa&ure of Royal Windsor soap.
A Patent to James :White, ;of Paris, for fifteen,
years, for•an hnproyement in weaving.
• A Patent, for fifteen years, to Francis Rotch, of
Bourdeaux, for improvethents in the construaion of,
whale-boats, and other light vessels.
A Patent to A. Argand, of Paris, for •sorne im-
provements upon -his celebrated lamp.
• A Palent for fifteen years. to Jean Baptiste Kol-
lerat, for a method of Making soda artificially.
• A Patent for five years to Pierre ,Daujon, for the
invention of a machine for enabling sick persons
to-
have their bed's made or changed without occasion-
ing pain or shaking. • .
A Patent ,to M. Seguin, for five years, for a lamp
with a double current of air..
- A -Patent for t 5 years to Pierre Jandeau,
"for irn-
provements in the stocking-loom. • V' - •
A Patent for ten years to Miss Honoree Anne
Elizabeth%Bascon, for an 'invention in distilling, by
which • a fotirth is gained by one operation or heat*
A Patent for filteen'years to Louis Jape, for a ma,-
chine to make screws, nails, pins; &C. _
A Fatetit for ten years to 'the Sieur Trelozier, for
an improvement in chimnies, stoves, and furnaces.
A Patent for fifteen years to the Sieur Cochui, for,
a machine to raise or lower water, earth, &c.
• A Patent for ten years to Pierre Koch, for a new
furnace for the carbonisation of wood.
A Patent to Isaac" Berard, for ten years, for a new
distilling apparatus.
A Patent, for five years, to the-Sieur Vantein, for
an engine to put in motion at once fifty looms for
the weaving of tissues. .
A Patent, for five years, to Claude.Rodier, for a
machine to clean cotton.
A Patent, for five years, to Pierre Gros, for a ma-
chine to bruise grain. •
A-Datent for five years to Henry Meunier, for the
invention of a means to make muslin of silk.
-4 Patent for five years to the Sieur Hadrot, for
-the invention of a filtering cofteelot without ebul-
lition.
' A Patent for five years to Francis Le Blanc, for
the improvement of a machine for shearing cloth.
A Patent for five years to John Stevenson, for the
invention of a process to paint all kinds of earthen-
ware. -

The horrible pra6lice -of assassination is as preva-
lent as ever in'the Italian States. A sanguinary ruf-
fian in NapleS had lately committed so many murders,
that the priests for a Yong time refused him absolu-
tion„ Barbarity and superstition'are frequently united.
The fellbw experienced for several weeks all the hor-
rors of a guilty conscience, from which, after great
intreaties, and probably some other modes of perstia-
sion, he was at length relieved by a charitable Father,
Who ventured to.pronoutice, a heavenly pardon for his
earthly crimes. C)verjoyed at having thus accom-
plished his objet, and grateful for the indulgence
which ;he- had received, he placed his hand on the
hilt of his stiletto, eyed his Confessor:with the most
significant eXpr;'ssion,-- and 'accosted him in. these
words--" Father! have you any enemies in Naples?"
A few -days 'ago, a woman named Pearson,' of
Heigilington. near Lincoln, who was much adchatd.
to intoxication, 'having found a-pint of brandy at the
house ,of a neighbour, swallowed the whole at one
draught, and was shortly after found dead in an ad-
joining lane.

LONDON': Printed by R CI-1A RI) HAR or Nci, 4, Martlnt-court, Bow-street; and.
.• the SIJIC-017i'ICE; No.'i w, Strand were ildverr'is2nienh', Orders
