STOCKS

ONE OCLOCK.
India Stock .............4V.... 0 _
i•
India Bonds
South Sea Stock .............
Old Annuities ...............
3 8 Pr
Ex. Bills
Ditto Small .................
Bank for Cons. Act. .........
India for Con. Acet. .... • . off
Cons. for Account ••

N BRIDGE TO-MORK0;"
I Evening, 30 minutes after

ir ?•

Greer

:eed iu"

• beta
ye

eieStit4

urgents?
301eril;
r port°

f SPal°t
nesdall

ar t° bed
trislsP
eceileci

:aster'
0 Faith.
on tile
AL4l)',;

je re-
Lituti's

,11 fr°(ll
cted

P
0 pc
Olt °
,ses Pr
i. otos'

trial of
harget-

aurourf
tows

r P‘'
at 4

prisoil
Joie'',
a t".
waY of

fried.

,rougot
b:
tioo
)0'
, his

AcC-
ntillt

t Strix)*
orle
001 613

thellee, after a short stay, to Vienna: How long his Majesty
will be absent is not known, and indeed seems not to be deter-
"ll, "L Count Lanp,eron, the Governor of New Russia, is
Going to the Baths. The place will be filled by Gen. Insgit;
Who is now also Governor of Bessarabia.'

The Eulogists of the Duke of lIAmILTox, for
the in(Jependence and intrepidity of his Grace's
Speech at the banquet given to the KING by the
City of Edinburgh, totally misunderstand the
grounds on which the propriety and prudence of
his Grace's language on that occasion have been
lqestioned. It is not so much the matter of the
speech that has been found fault with, as the
indecorousness of uttering such matter on such an
I His MAJESTY attended the banquet
tithe character of a visitor; and, even granting that
the sentiments of the Duke of HAMILTON were in
oeruselves constitutional and just, it is not the less
hvious that the opportunity taken for their utter-
412ce) was one which must have been avoided by
411 °lle under the influence of personal respect
° the KING, or who felt a due regard to the
,
etates of good breeding and common hospitality.

u°vERI AUG. 30.—Arrived the Arrow Steam
tilacket, with 163 passengers from Calais ; also
Hle Chichester sailing Packet, with his Royal
1 'l3llness the Duke of CAMBRIDGE,
who landed
}:I the "lay, and went to WRIGHT'S Hotel, where
sleeps.

The following Article is from a Liverpoo
4Per received this morning :
St. John's, Nenfouruiland, Aug. 3.
of iklietit ixx l 4447
ifB. COOPER BENSON, and Co.
—lt becomes my painful duty to inform you
hitil z o
f ti
packet ship Liverpool, under my command,
the sailed from New-York on the 16th July, for your po'rt ;
411IttnYdeParture from New-York on the 16th July, we had a
ie ..411 of nine days, crossing the banks, until the 25th, when
West" 43 degrees 45 minutes North, longitude 48 degrees
the Weather coming in extremely thick of fog, the
on i at the rate of seven miles per hour, she struck
4plit;:44_ nd of ice, which carried away the bowsprit, and
suet cut Cut water and stern, weather hove all aback and
-teeeded • .
nutei in disengaging her from the ice in about fifteen mi.
tpli,fteecit,eillaint,?eiien set both pumps going with great force for an hour;
214 sinking very fast in the water, the hold corn-
h m"thil and the water coming over the cabin deck, we
fe:+—teal'ed away and got out the boats; and after getting a
fin `,"ings to subsist on, together the passengers and crew
sohrleilialerarli...lthcojetnlyz•te)iysafillfeledy o,n board, I remained on the deck until
and fell over on her sides. I got up
the - 111401 plunged into the sea, and gained the boat ; we
the 70 alled Our course for the nearest land, and succeeded on
kr,l3fAugust in reaching this place in safety, with all my
—neva and crew,

CH
Tr aaLtsTows, Auo. 1.--Capt. Davrs,wbobearlroni
11 Turks Island, states that two vessels,
thtlrki.h:land, had lately been stolen by the Blacks,head and 150 of
th*4 it. 11144 e their escape to Port-au-Prince. thewh gang
ohad
eti r4rltitleatal servant of a Gentleman on the Island,of
llwbetz.lti°Yevi as Captain of a
emmefarsuomresthweeArentlkoernitibeys
:a—ot;e4 °f the slaves to demand them
L',o"-The Colombian Government has appointed RA-
(10.4 -h4I4)VQ4 to be their political agent tosideat Lomnr-.
It:. ..e ilae already passed to Europe, via Jamaica..
r''tx(l4,4
of considerable qualifications.
a Young man
The IN
last "Ike of SUSSEX was met on Wednesday
Pl'.., at hester-le-Street by all the Larnbton
b
4s;""trY.---there were upwards of a
histousand
i,Tlbled on the occasion. Yesterdayßoyal
4t IVless attended the Provincial Grand Lodge
Llntikirh,arll) and to-day he is expected to visit
eas-C1:11"d• On Monday he is to be at New-
Itlstit' to lay the foundation stone of the new
400tiOn5accompanied by the Provincial Grand
of / for accompanied by
by the Brethren
141-I,'e, "eighbOuring Lodges.
Which --Aitt, OF PORTSMOUTH.—The paragraph
rl"Pecr
aPPeared in THE SUN of Thursday last,
141.1 he Areill,,g this Nobleman, was taken by us from
`"e At 7iines, but it was inserted in most of
that s„°lPing Papers. We understand however,
4ihri ;Liar from his Lordship being, as stabteda,
.'"ll'it,, three
or four years ago attended
it,ic- "{flee') " at the instance of the liyon.
li
wT°N VELLOW ES, the brother of his Lordship,"tee
ticiti.ras then under the special care and pro
Ito! the father of the present Countes.ts.in
4,11 is aid
c.on-
-1 8 -••• that his MAJESTY has had 1
:.11artlpiltni°11 to take up his residence at Bucking-
-341 u:ktiBe• It is understood that Carlton house ''qn:-'," a bad state of repair, on account of
be
hlle-dsittlated so low,• that it must eitherom.
116 c down in a few years, or undergo a
fouticialteration,
Th4ti3l-I`----(Morning
and especially as it respects the
Paper.)
(itY :i "RI) ATA.Yon. has ordered out all the.
atics.c, at" barges and watermen to be in attle.nd. 11‘N ,%`l,,,uriday at Illackwall, in their state i.v.eal
attend-
°f his Lordshi will there await the arrival
ttletrohl‘oliA.JEsrY, and conduct him
1,11-• ns.back to the
till aft 4°1111) CHANCELLOR will not leave town
ti Alth°,,i' ;s MAJtsTy's arrival.
;"1,11'00q1,41P the circumstance has not transpired
.:,eatr ' the London Prints, we learn from an au-
j°l4,B°,urce) that the Duke of WELLINGTOIN,
; TA, by Lord CLANWILLIAM and 11i r.
l'or tlimr? !las left town, and is now on his route
'v be "34tiuent, to fill the station destined to
llolitteeu occupied by the lamented Lord LON-
,. Th0T.,.1.----( Kentish Gazette.)
'4l' ree ."truittee at the City of London Tavern,
..
4ssedetrviug subscriptions to relieve the (Ds-
t9lll:Pliu4trh4ell, and applying the su.tmbsathviueswobto-
tti
~..ojects _ most proper manner, with 01 thursdauf,the contributors, closed its sittings
pI3Co, . Y last.
3 canutee This step was not taken until
was fully satisfied that the pur-
411116:air which they were embodied had been
h4(l 35 a." their labours—happily for the
poorcalled
toilo)11
tto etiri!eugc
ip,ealt;ld
creditable,whomtleyNvere
tioti -""ccour - '...
beyond exPri's"
3 44tio_ irtstian benevolence of this gene-
longer no longer necessary.

THE KING.

EDINBURGH, AUGUST 28.
[Private Letter.]

The time of post rendered it impossible to send any other
than a mere skeleton account of the masonic procession of yes-
terday : if your masonic readers wish to have the outline filled,
it is as follows : the general order of the procession has been
already described :
At the Waterloo hotel, it was joined by the Commissioners
for the King. The Committee of Contributors, and the Lord
Provost, Sheriff, Magistrates and Council, attended by their
officers, moved round, and entered the site from the eastern
side of the hill. The Duke of Hamilton, acting Grand Master,
attended by the Duke of Argyll, Grand Master elect ; the Earl
of Rosslyn, officiating as Past Grand Master; William Inglis,
Esq. Substitute Grand Master ; J. E. Maconochie, Senior
Grand 'Warden ; Hon. General Duff, acting as Junior Grand
' Warden, and the Office-bearers of the Grand Lodge of Scot-
land, assisted by a number of Provincial Grand Masters.
The Grand Lodge having taken the place on the platform
prepared for them, and the Commissioners, Magistrates, and
Committee of Contributors, being placed on the opposite plat-
form, his Grace the Duke of Hamilton, as Grand Master, call-
ed on the band to play the King's Anthem. The Grand Mas-
ter then stated, that lie came there, at the desire of his Majesty,
to lay the foundation of the National Monument of Scotland,
and ha was glad to see the Commissioners of the King on the
opposite side.
The Duke of Atholl said his Majesty had executed a com-
mission in behalf of the Duke of Montrose, the Duke of Atholl,
the Earl of Roseberry, Earl of Hopetoun, Earl of Elgin, Vis-
count Melville, and Lord Lynedoch, (which his Grace read),
and stated, that he was sorry to be obliged to apologize for the
absence of the Duke of Montrose, Earl of Hopetoun, and Vis-
count Melville, who were unavoidably detained. In execution
of that commission, he craved of the Most Worshipful Grand
Master, Right Worshipful Grand Master Elect, Past Grand
Master, the assistance of Grand Wardens, and Brethren of the
Grand Lodge of Scotland, towards laying the foundation stone
of the National Monument—to remain to future ages a monu-
ment to the memory of those brave men, who had shed their
blood in the service of their country.
Duke of HAMILTON.—" As we have received his Majesty's
authority, it is our duty to proceed with the work."
The band played the Portuguese Hymn, which was followed
by a most impressive prayer from the grand chaplain, the Rev.
Dr. Lee, of Canongate. The Grand Treasurer and Secretary pro-
ceeded to examine and place the bottles, (which were hermeti-
cally sealed,) containing the coins, newspapers, &c. and other
platina plates, in their proper situations; a quantity of saw dust
was placed around them to prevent any moisture from injuring
them. The whole bed being covered with mortar, the founda-
tion stone was raised by a crane, and lowered down in its pro-
per position, the band playing " Great light will shine."—
The Senior Warden, by command of the Grand Master, ap-
plied the square, the Junior 'Warden the plumb line, the
Substitute Grand Master the level, and the Grand Master
the mallet,—(loud cheering,)—craving a benediction on the
work in nearly these words :—" May the Almighty Architect
crown the work with his blessing, and may it last as a monument
to future ages of the genius of art." The Grand Master then
emptied the cornucopia, containing the corn, and the cups with
the wine and oil, on the stone, saying, " May the Almighty
grant prosperity to the people, that they may long enjoy peace;
long may the people, living under just laws, revere their Sove-
reign, love their country, and be thankful for their-manifold
blessings."—(Loud cheering), and at that moment a signal gun
was fired from the Calton, and salutes were fired from the guns
on Salisbury Craigs, the Castle, the ships in Leith Roads, and
Leith Fort.
The Duke of HAMILTON said, that gratified as he was to
feel himself called on this occasion to perform a duty which he
could have wished had fallen into hands more able,though there
could be none more willing, if he looked around to either right
or left, he saw none but those, the sight of whom was of itself
a gratification. They had now laid the foundation of a struc-
ture, the model of which had been the admiration of the an-
cients—which had lasted for ages, and arrested even the unhal-
lowed band of the barbarian—which had survived the ravages
of time, but chiefly fallen under the rapacious assaults of
conquerors. 'With reference to the great object of the build-
ing, he thought there could be but one opinion—namely,
that warlike as Scotsmen were in the field, those of Greece
could hardly excel them. The site chosen was indeed a for-
tunate one—it was hallowed ground—it was near the spot
where the monument rose to the memory of a hero, who, after
having broken and vanquished the combined enemies of his
country, died as lie had lived in the arms of victory. He
was gratified to find himself in the presence of those whom the
King had appointed as his Commissioners, and graced with his
name, and in presence of Magistrates of the city, and other high
personages. As to the time chosen for this great ceremony, he
entirely concurred with them in thinking, that the arrival of
the King was an auspicious era—it had united and connected
him with Scotland—it gave the King an opportunity of seeing II
Scotchmen as they are, in whom he would find much to admire.
It would make the country sensible of the blessing of a consti-
tutional Monarch, under whose paternal care it was their hap-
piness to live. His Majesty had had the opportunity of see-
ing a people who were, he knew, sensible of the advantages
secured to them by a free constitution ; and his Majesty had
also the opportunity of seeing the real condition of that people,
and redressing whatever wrongs (if wrongs they had) belonged
to the system under which they lived. Surrounded as he was
by the Brethren, assembled in such numbers, and with such
anxiety as was manifest on this occasion, it was peculiarly gra-
tifying to him to have standing beside him the Grand Master
Elect, who was to fill his place as Grand Master Mason, of one
of whose ancestors the pages of history bore honourable record.
(This allusion to the Duke of Argyll was loudly applauded.)—
To the provincial masters and office-bearers of the Grand Lodge,
and the masonic brethren in general, he returned his warmest
thanks.—Three cheers were given in honour of the Grand
Master, and were re-echoed by the crowds assembled. '
The Duke of ATHOL, in the name of the King, returned
thanks to the Grand Master, Grand Wardens and Master
Masons, and worthy Brethren, for their attention. His Grace
said, he could not express himself better than by reading the
preamble of the Act of Parliament incorporating the contri-
butors, of which his Majesty was the Patron ; which was done
by his Grace. " Whereas it is expedient that a monument
should be erected in Scotland, in testimony of national gratitude
to Almighty God, for the signal successes of the British
arms, by sea and land, in the late eventful war; to per-
petuate the memory of those brave men whose exertions
contributed to the glorious result of that arduous and nio

Imentous contest, and to act as an incentive to others,
hereafter, to emulate their example in maintaining the ho-
nour and promoting the welfare of their country;" and con-
cluded by stating, that two remarkable events were connected
with this great undertaking—the ground was broke on the day
of the anniversary of his Majesty's birth ; and this day the
stone was laid, it being the anniversary of the abolition of
Christian slavery; for on this day, the fleet under the com-
mand of Lord Exmouth had laid low the walls of Algiers,
and set the captives free—" Rule Britannia."
The procession left the ground in reverse order, the bre-
thren halting opposite the Waterloo-hotel, and having opened
out to allow the Commissioners, the Committee, the Provost
and Magistrates, Sheriff and Constables, to pass between
the lines, and enter the hotel, the Lodges, with the Grand
Lodge in the rear, proceeded to Freemasons'-hall, where the
Grand Lodge, Masters and Wardens of the different Lodges,
entered. The chair was taken by the Duke of Hamilton.
Brothers J. Maconochie and Muir, Master of St. Mary's
Chapel, officiated as Wardens. His Grace was supported by
the Duke of Argyll, Grand Master Elect, on the right; the
Earl of Rosslyn on the left; by Sir John Majoribanks, Lord
Archibald Hamilton, &c. Before proceeding to close the Grand
Lodge, the Duke of Hamilton returned his wannest thanks to
his noble friends, artil to the brethren in general, for their at-
tendance ; he expressed his regret that it had not been in his
power to see them oftener; lie regretted this, as nothing gave him
greater pleasure than to have an opportunity of meeting them. His
Grace referred to the institution of a Masonic Charity School, and
pledged himself to afford it every assistance in his power. He
concluded, by again thanking the brethren for their kind
attendance.

Last night the King honoured the Theatre with his presence.
In the middle of the day the doors were besieged by appli.
cants for admission ; but the doors were not opened much before
the regular hour; the crush was then tremendous. The King
arrived at the Theatre a few minutes after 8 o'clock, and was
conducted to his box by Mr. Murray, the Manager. The loud-
est acclamations hailed the King's arrival. :The company rose,
and the gentlemen stood with their heads uncovered. His Ma-
jesty, who was dressed in a military uniform, was accompanied
by the Dukes of Montrose, Argyll, and Dorset, the Marquis
of Winchester, Earls Cathcart and Errol, Lords Glenlyon and
Bentinck, and several of his Majesty's Equerries and

Household. The orchestra and the whole of the performers
immediately struck up the anthem of God save the King,
(which was also repeated at the end of the performance.) Ibis
Majesty seemed to pay great attention to the performance,
parts of which he repeatedly applauded, and particularly Mrs.
H. Siddons, in the character of Diana Vernon, and also the
songs of Mr. Huckel. The King laughed heartily at some
of the peculiarities of Baillie Nichol Jarvie, (Mr. Mackay.)
Lord Lynedoch and several other Peers were cheered as
they entered their respective boxes. Soon after ten o'clock
the performance concluded. A scramble then took place,
as his Majesty was withdrawing, for the satin bill which was
provided for the King. Lord V. Conyngham, however, seized
it and presented it to a Lady in the adjoining box, who was en-
gaged in the previous unequal struggle of endeavouring to ob-
tain it. Some confusion took place on the departure of the com-
pany from the theatre, from the manner in which the dragoons
were placed, which blocked up the access of the ladies to their
carriages. It is said that the ICing is this day engaged in pay-
ing private visits, and will probably (in cog.) visit Edinburgh.
To-morrow he will honour the Earl of Hopetoun with his com-
pany at a dejeund a la fourchette, where the principal Nobility
will be entertained under marquees on the lawn. His Ma-
jesty will then embark at the Queensferry, on board the Royal
yacht ; but will not, it is said, sail down the Frith of Forth
until Friday morning.

, .... 7.,-:14,•-• •
• , • _ 11l
to
f&
tr.:-.. ), ~''' Av. ro- ....*- • . Pr% i_ke
~. s ',0i13-,--- . \s'444 ~,'.• ~Adv• ...40 -._ -741(f.,-,- ...7,..
• .7 -z', ,J '4l ',Z.?' or. „,..„"IP"L',lgirA'',..,-,.sfic') 1,;‘,.'&-- ,I,
15; #Ati, , 4V -.4".*—'",-r;s*itjr..\'",:lo*.:(S. :41/. - ') •F 4.
(!it , : •'`&.l;-,'"*.•11.-- c_-py r-, / i,"
;#1,,,
idt. ;,,
.DER OE fi'' 0
..A.,1
7
