%IRAIRERS RETURNED TO SERYE LN THIS PRESENT PARLIAMENT.

BOROUGH OF COLCHEITLR.--Wiltalß Mayhew, of Fenchurchs
street, London, and Coggeshall, In the county of /*Atm Esq..' ifi
thq rgtryiltAtiTy'err §pd.ttilWoode eleripn for the
said horoug , so far. a{ rclates to the said Andrew Spottisivood,
haying been, determine/to be i•o!4:
BOROUGH OF MALTON.—Francis Jeffrey,: Esq.,, in the room of
Si rJames Scarlett, Kilt., who has accepted the Chiltern Hundreds]

Whitehall, March M.
The Lord Chancellor has appointed Aichard ,Barnes, of Bar-
nard Castle, in the county of Durham, Gent. to be a Master Ex-
traordinary in the iligh Court of Chancery.

Whitehall April 7.
l'heKing has OCCIS pleased to grant unto henry Jelf, Esq., a
Captain in the Army, and to Clarissa-Amelia Sharp, of Kin-
rarroch7, in the Shire of Perth, in North Britain, spinster, his
Royal licence and authority that, from and after he solemniza-
tion of their intended marriage, they may assume, use, bear, and
constantly retain the surname of Sharp, in addition to arid after
that of. Jelf, and the designation of Kinearrochy ; and that the
std Henry, Jelf may also bear the arms of Sharp, quarterly with
those of Jelf.

War Office, April 12, 1831.
13th Regiment of Light Dragoons—Lieut. 'l'. E. Welby, from
the 96th Foot, to be Lieutenant, vice Neville, who exchanges,
October 14. _ _ _

3,1 Regiment of Foot Guards—Ensign and Lieut. B. B.
NPMahon to be Lieutehant , arid Captain, by vlet
Moll. who fe:lrea • .0. J H. CliisloW, Gent. to he Ensign and
Lieutenant, by purchase, vice M'Mahon, April 12.
Ist Regiment of Foot—Captain C. C. Coote, from the 49th
Foot, to be Captain, vice Pasley, who eXchariges, Oct. 14.
3d Foot-E. M. Clarke, Ge.ut. to be Ensign; without purchase,
vie,Ludbey, Mao resigns, Oct. 20.
13th Foot-Ensign H. Wade to be Lieutenant, withotit
Chase, vice Chambre deceased. To he -Ensigns—Ensign H. T.
Ilutehins, from 14th toot, vice Spread who exchanges, Oct. 28 ;
T. Sewell, Gent. vice White, whose appointment has not taken
place, April 12; G. King, Gent. vice Wade, promoted, April 13.
14th Foot-- Ensign R. D. Spread, from the 13th Foot, to be
Ensign, vice Hutchins, who exchanges, Oct. 213.
16th Foot—To be Lieutenants, without purchase— Ensign F.
Fairtlough, vice O'Dwylr, deceased, Aug, 21 • Ensign J. Bruce,
vice Whitaker, who retires, April ie. To be' knsigns, without
puithase-,-al: W. Ogilvie, tart , vice Urquhart, deceased, April
II ; W. R. L Bennett, Gent. vice Bruce, April 12.
26th Foot,--Lieut, P. P. Neville, from the 13th Light Dragoons,
to be Lieutenant, vice Welby, who exchanges, Oct. 14.
31st Foot—Ensign,T. Fender to be Lieutenant, without pur-
chase, vice Booth, deceased, Aug. l ; P. 'l': R. White, Gent. to
be Ensign, vice Fender, Aug. 1.
3:kl.Foot—Ensign G. A. V. Graham to be Lieutenant, by pur-
chase, vice Paterson, promoted, April 12.
35th Foot—Major G. Teulon to be Lieutenant-Colonel, by pur-
chase, vice Macdonald, who retires ; Captain H. Semple to be
Major, by purchase, vice Teulon, April 12.
40th Foot—J. S. Wood, Gent. to be Ensign, without purchase,
vice Alsop, deceased, April 12:
41st Foot—Nett P BroWil to be Captain, vice Dawson, de.
Ceased, Aug. 18.. To ht Lieutenants, without purchase—Ensign'
W. Morris, vide Boultbee, deceased, May 23; Ensign A. Fry,
vice Smith, deceased, Aug. 8; Ensign W. May, vice Browne,
promoted, Aug. 18. To be Ensigns, without purchase—J.
Lawrie, Gent. vice Morris, May ;G. Montizambert, Gent.
vice Fry, April 11; R. Butler, Gent. vice May, April 12. To be
Surgeon—Staff:Surgeon A. Hamilton, M.D. from the half-pay,
to be Surgeon, vice T. M. Perrott, who exchanges, April 12
' 44th Foot—Lieut. W. B. Scott to be Captain, without purchase,
vice Andrews, deceased, April l'2.
4.ith Foot—W. G White, Gent. to be Ensign, without pur-
chase, vice Campbell, anointed to the 49th Foot, April 12.
49th Foot—To be Captains—Captain G. Pasley, from the Ist
Foot, vice Coote, who exchanges, Oct. 14 ; W. Pitman,
from the 59th Foot, without purchase, vice Leith, deceased,
April 12. To be Lieutenants, without purchase—Ensign J. L.
Dennis, vice Fleming, deceased, Sept. 22 • Ensign J. Malcolm,
vice Mathew, deceased, Sept. 27. To be Lsigns, without pur-
chase—Ensign C. Campbell, from the 48th Foot, vice Dennis,
April 11 ; H. Rainey, Gent. vice Malcolm, April 12.
57th Foot—Major H. R. Hartley to be Lieutenant-Colonel, by
purchase, vice Shadforth, who retires ; Captain P. Aubin to be
Major, by purchase, vice Hartley ; Lieut. T. Shadforth to be
Captain, by purchase, vice Aubin ; Ensign W. Tranter to be
Lieutenant by purchase, vice Shadforth, April 12.
R)th Foot—Gentleman Cadet A. J. L Peebles, from the Royal
Military College, to be Ensign, without purchase, April 12.
60th Foot—Captain J. C. S. Slyfield to be Major, by purchase.,
vice Macpherson, who retires ; Lieut. F. Marlton to be Captain,
by purchase, vice Slyfield; Second Lieutenant C. 0. Leman to
be First Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Marlton; R. B. Levett,
Gent. to be Second Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Leman,
April 12.
61st Foot—Ensign H. Vicars to be Lieutenant, by purchase,
vice Heyland, promoted; C. F. Mayne, Gent. to be Ensign, by
purchase vice Vicars, April 12.
65th Foot—Quartermaster J. Elliott, from half-pay 43d Foot,
to be Quartermaster, vice Coleman, retired with a commuta-
tion allowance, April 12.
820 Foot—Captain E. G. Stokes, from the half-pay, to be
Captain, vice C. Mortimer, who exchanges, April 12.
87th Foot—Assistant-Surgeon J. Walsh, from the 89th Foot,
to be Assistant-Surgeon, April 12.
90th Foot—Bellingham G. F. Graham, Gent. to be Ensign,
by purchase, vice Hobart, who retires, April 12.
2d West India Regiment—R. Hunter, Gent. to be Ensign,
without purehaie, vice Crompton, deceased, Auril 12.
UNATTACHED.—Lieut. J. R. Heyland, from the alst Foot,
to be Captain of Infantry, by purchase, April 12.
MEMORANDA.—The Christian names of Ensign Elliot, of
the 79th Foot, are Edmund James, and not John, as formerly
stated.

Capt. E. Powell, upon half-pay Unattached, has been allowed
to retire from the service by the sale of an Unattached Commis-
sion, April 12. e
The appointment of Brevet Lieut. Col. It. Johns, from half-pay
Ist Garrison Battalion, to be Major in the 69th Foot, as stated in
the Gazette of the sth inst., has not taken place.

Commission by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Renfrew.
W. M. Fleming, Esq. to be Vice-Lieuteriant. April 2.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Lincoln.
Royal South Lincoln Militia.
C. Turner, Esq. to be Captain, -March 25; W. Torkington,
Esq. to be ditto, April 7.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Surrey.
R. K. Escott, Esq. to be Deputy-Lieutenant, March 8.
2d Regiment of Royal Surrey Militia.
A. Gardener, Gent. to be Ensign, vice Ramsey, resigned,
March 31.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Kent,
and City and County of the City of Canterbury.
W. M. Smith, Esq. to be Deputy-Lieutenant; J. Every, Esq.
to be ditto ; T. H. Longden, Esq. to be ditto, March 28; J. Bell,
Esq. to be ditto, March 29; F. Bradley, to be ditto; J.
Atkins, Esq. to be ditto, March 30 ; A. Akers, Esq., to be ditto,
March 31; (1. L. N. Collingwood, Esq. to be ditto, April 2; T. Pa-
pillon, Esq.: jun. to be ditto; R. W. Blencowe, Esq. to be ditto,
April 4.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Kent.
West Kent Regiment of Militia.
Sir T. H. Wilson, Bart to be Captain; J. Whitehead, Esq.
to be ditto, April 4; D. Woodgate (and not W. Woodgate,
as inserte.i in the Gazette for the Ist inst.) Gent. to be Lieutenant,
Feb. 26 ; - Butcher, Gent to be Ensign; G. Fetter, Gent. to be
ditto, April 4.
East Kent Regiment of Militia.
F. J. Cumming, Esq. to be Ensign, April 4.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Middlesex.
Uxbridge Yeomanry Cavalry.
C. N. Newdigate, Esq. to be First Captain ; H. De Burgh,
to be Captain, Jan. 6; A. Greville, Gent. to be Lieutenant; T.
Clark, Gent. 3 be ditto, Jan. 5 ; T. J. Hemming, Gent. to be
Cornet ; F. Cox, Gent. to be ditto.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County Palatine of
Lancaster.
'G. Boyer, Esq., to be Deputy Lieutenant, Feb. 15; S. H. Has-
lam, Esq:, to he ditto, March 30.
Ist Battalion of Royal Lancashire Militia.
W. Howitt, Gent., to be Ensign, March 23.
2d Battalion.
Ensign C. Jones to be Lieutenant, March 21 ; Ensign G. W.
Gurden to be ditto, March 22; W. Radcliffe, Gent., to be ditto,
March 23.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Somerset.
G. Emery, Esq., to be Deputy Lieutenant, March 9_, J. Wilt-
shire, jun., Esq., to be ditto, March 17; R. Baker, Esq., to be
ditto, March 19; C. A. Moody. Esq., to be ditto. March 19; Sir
A. Hood, Bart., to be ditto, March 21.
Ist Somerset Regiment of Militia.
E. 8. Bailv, E. to be Captain, March 19; A. Warre, Esq., to
be ditto, March 24 ; J. Wright, Gent., to be Ensign ; R. L. Cox,
Gent., to be ditto • F. B. Tench, Gent., to be ditto, March 21.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Norfolk.
The Hon. G. J. M. Major ; Sir .1. Astley, Bart. to be Captain ;
the Right Hon. Lord C. V. F. Townshend, to be ditto ; J. Scott,
Gent. to be Lieutenant; C. Loftus, Gent. to be ditto ; A. Gir.
ling, Gent. to be Cornet; B. Caldwell, Gent. to be ditto,
March 31.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Dorset.
Dorsetshire Regiment of Volunteer Yeomanry Cavalry.
Cornet S. Cox to be Lieutenant, March 23; J. Firth, Gent., to
be Adjutant, April 5; N. J. Trowbridge, Gent., to be Surgeon,
March 21
Charborough Troop of Yeomanry Cavalry.
J. S. W. S. E. Drax, Esq. to be Captain; H. B. Monro, Gent.
to be Lieutenant W. J, Maxwell, Gent. to be Cornet, March 23.
DECLARATION OF INSOLVENCY.
WILLIAM CLOSE, Goswell.street, apothecary. ,
BANKRUPTS.
REESPOWELL, Llangammarch, Breconshire, cattle-dealer,
to surrender April 26, 27, and May 24, at eleven, at the Castle
Hotel, Brecon. -Bicknell, Roberts, and Fineh, New.square, Lin-
coln's Inn_ Vaughan and Bevan, Brecon.
DANIEL and JOHN 13INGLEY ;SMITH, Liverpool, cotton.
spinners, April 21, 22, and May 24, at eleven, at the Bell Inn,
I Derby. Johnson and Wise,- Ashborne, ,Derbyshire; Barbor,
Fetter-lane.
WALTER MUIR, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, draper, April 19,
May 6, and 24, at eleven, at the Half Moon Inn, Newcastle-upon-
.-Tyne. Wilson, Newcastle-upon-Tyne ; Dunn, Raymond-build.ings, Gray's Inn. . .
JOHN LAP AGE, Leeds, merchant, and FREDERICK LA.
PAGE, Liverpool, merchant, May 2,3, and 24, at one, at the
Clarendon Rooms,- Liverpool.. Chester, Staple-inn, London;'
Davenport, Liverpool.
JOHN COLTM AN READ, Leicester, tailor, April 19, at
five,' 20, at twelve, at the Office of Mr. Richard 'roller,
Leicester, and May 24, at one, at the White Hart Hotel,
Leicester. Toiler, Gray's-inn-square, London ; Toller, Leicester.
JOHN GILDER SHACKLES, Kingston-upon-Hull, linen.
draper,
and May 24, at eleven, at the Kingston
Hotel, APril 20, 21,
Kingston-upon-Hull. Alderson, Chancery.lane, London ;
Johnson, Hull.
DIVIDENDS..
T. a Alger, Eton, miller, April 22, at three, - at the Court of
Commissioners-J. Lauriere, St. James's-street, jeweller, May 10,
at ten, at the Court of Coramissioners;-J. Stevens,. Deverell.
street:Warner-street, Great Dover-road, builder, May 3, at
twelve, at the Court of Commissioners--W. Wardle, and W. W.
Wink, Bath, silk-mercers, May 3, at eleven, at the Court of
Commissioners-R. Jefferson, Pickering,.Yorkshlre, haberdasher,
May 3, at eleven, at the Court of Commissioners-R. Kerr and
J. Little, Ipswich, tea-dealers, May 3, at twelve, at the Court of
Commissioners-M. D. and H. King, Falcon-street, wine-mer-
chants, May_3, at twelve, at the Court of Commissioners-T. C.
Williams, Norwich, tea-dealer, Slay 3, at ten, at the Court of
Commissioners-R. Burbery and G. J. Wigley, Coventry, ribbon-
manufacturers, May 10, at ten, at the Court of Commissioners-
R. Emmerson, Coleman-street packer May 3, at eleven, at the
Court of Commissioners-M. Miles, Sickville-street,
tailor, May 3, at twelve, at the Court of Commissioners-O.
Brown, May
EASCX, merchant, May 3, at -eleven, at the
court of Commissioners-N. Brown, Bristol, druggist, May 14,
at eleven, at the Commercial-rooms, Bristol-K 11. Waller,
Bristol, timber-merchant, May -14, at one, at the Bush Tavern,
Bristol-1- klarling, Chorley, Lancasffire, grocer, May 3, at
twelve, at the Bull Inn, Preston-E. and R. Lumsdon, Monk-
wearmouth Shore, Durham; chain-manufacturers; May 5; at one,
at the-Monkwearmouth Shore Hotel, Monkwearmouth Shore-
W., and C. Chadwick, Mumps, Oldham, Lancashire, ma-
ehine-makersi May 7,--at two, at tie Star Inn, Manchester-W.
Tr,vls and J. Stopford,-Audenshaw,'Lantashire, uf
tirers, May 7, at.ten, atthe Star Inn, Manchester-NV. Hudson,
Birmingham,, victualler, May 10, at twelve,,at, Wilday's Royal
Hotel, Birmingliaro. . • -
• - • *CERTIFICATES, MAY 3. .
- W. Grant, Gosport, Southampton, silversmith-T. Ball, Lich.
field-street, Westminster, dealer in fish-W. F. Bray, Liverpool-
street, New-road, St. Pancras' dealer-F. W. Storrs, York,
dealer-W. Williams, Manchester, merchant-7W. Landry, Lime
Regis, Dorsetsltixe, printer. ,
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
G. Berrey and J. C.- Burton; Nottingham, lace-manufacturers
•

'I. and H. 15. Burt, Devizea, NViltshire, ironmongers—J.
Bowers, St. Leonard's, and W. Rowe, Burton, Sussex, plaste-
rers—J. Boler and I'. Boddcy, Leeds, cabinet-makers—W. Izod
and B. Evans, Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire, lead mer-
chants—T. Filler and W. G. Hardlev, Strand, wine.merchants
T. Paliner, Great Sidrolk:straet Bea Vis. Barletuplace,
Crosby,•rt,3le, Ning+stteet, *.itithw'ark,,generak dealers4-.1.
laston and Perrin, Maiylebone-lane- Oxford-street, wine-
mci-chauts—J. Wood,and J. Itackhami Long-acre, coach-builders
—J. S. Harrison and H. Allwright, Bath, carvers—E., 8., I).,
an,thlitC.e.heßa, c
.dFriremp, soap-manufacturers--P. Ball and J.
Whitehead, urt, Milk-street, agents—A. W. Forbes
and Co., Glasgow, and W. A. Parker, Demerara, dealers—J.
Woodsand H. steel, Shelton, engraver's—S. B. and J. Bickerton,
Oswestq, ,Shropshire, druggists,-,J. Laing and J. Younghusbandi
South Shields, Durham, ship brokers--G. and E. Davis, Leeds,
opticians—R. Johnstone and J. Hunter, Chelmsford, tea-dealers
Ilellyer and NV. W. Coleman, Hyde, Isle of Wight, coal-
merchants—W. Whiteley and G. Wray, Hightown/and Mir-
field, Leeds, painters—J. Caudle and P. Drake, Brightheln?-
ston, chemists--B. Chapman and E. V. Southerner Leeds, mer.
Albion Mill, Birmingham, millers—R.
chants—R. Page and E. Blackrnore, Liverpool, corn commission-
agents—J.,'Bristol, haberdashers—A. Howden and
R., and H. Arrowsmith, Manchester, merchants—
wine-merchants—H. Dawson and T.
,GPr..oasNnsvdai
indHl ivg ee ngt Fowler,ap
n, i
Turner, London-wall, dealers in dry-saltery--T. Warham,
deceased, and J. Perkin, Potter Newton, 'Yorkshire, stone.mer-
chants—T. Barber, T. Walker, deceased, R. Cheslyn, and 'l'.
Barber and D. Frecth, S. Erect!), deceased, and J. Smith, It.
Cheslyn, T. Barber, D. Freeth, and J. Smith, and the said R.
Cheslyn and S. Campbell, Eastwood, Nottinghamshire.

SEC ON ) EDITION.
SUN OFFICE, Seven o' Clock.

1M PERI A L PA R JI ~
THIS EVENING.

lIOUSE OF LORDS.

Lord WYNFORD sat as Deputy Speaker, in the absence
of the Lord Chancellor.
Lord Hoon tank the oaths and his seat.
The Earl of HARDWICKE presented a petition from
Cambri geshire in favour of
,Reform.

Lord ROLLE presented a petition from Exe►er against
the Reform Bill. The Noble Lord concurred entirely
with the prayer of the petition, expressing his opinion
that the repeal of the assessed taxes and the malt duties
would have tended much more to the benefit of the people.
Lord SKELMERSDALE presented a petition front a
congregation in M inchester, against slavery.
Lord KING presented petitions from Spafields and
several other places to the same effect.

Lord FEVERSHAII presented a petition from Wig-
town, in favour of Reform.

Lord GOWER presented a petition from the Stafford-
shire Potteries, praying for the removal of the duty on
muriatic acid.

The Bills on the taiale were forwarded a stage, and the
House adjourned at Twenty Minutes before Six o'clock.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

The SPEAKER took the Chair precisely at Three o'clock.
Mr. LITTLETON moved for a new writ for the
county of Sussex, in the room of Mr. Walter Burrell, de-
ceased.—Ordered.

Several private Bills were forwarded a stage, and others
read a third time and passed.

A new Member took the oaths and his seat.

Mr. CALCRAFT presented a petition from the inha-
bitants of Wareham, praying that they may be allowed to
stnd a Member to Parliament.

The Marquis of CIIANDOS presented a petition from
an individual in the Isle of Wight against the Reform Bill,
and a similar one f►om a place in the county of Bucking-
ham, and also another to the same effect from Chipping
Wycombe.

The Noble Marquis then presented several petitions
from various places in the county of Buckingham, praying
for an alteration in the poor laws.
Mr. COOPER presented a petition from Sligo against
the Bill for Reform. The lion. Member said he fully
concurred in the prayer of the petitioners.
Mr. PRITTIE presented a petition from the High
Sheriff, Magistrates, and other inhabitants of the county
of Tipperary, complaining of the distress that existed, end
praying that .the House would pass an efficient Bill for a
Reform in the representation of the people.
Lord FRANCIS OSBORNE presented several peti-
tions from Cambridgeshire against negro slavery.
Mr. WESTERN said he had to present a petition frOm
the county of Essex, for Parliamentary Rerortn. The peti-
tion Was agreed to at a meeting regularly convened by the
Sheriff, and he (Mr. IV.) was of opinion that whatever
means might be made use of to get up petitions against it,
the sense of the people of England were decidedly in favour
of the measure. He was sorry to hear the Noble Lord
agree to make some alterations in the Bill. What he
wished for was, the Bill—the whole Bill, and nothing
but the Bill.--(Hear.)—He hoped Alernliers w..uld not
consent to make any, even the least alteration.—(Hear.)
Mr. TYRELL must bear witness to the unanimity of
sentiment that prevailed at the meeting in favour of Re-
fol m. Whatever opinions he might entertain
,towards
this Reform Bill, or he might say, from what passed last
night, this reformed Reform Bill—(Hear)—he should re-
frain from expressing until another opportunity.
Mr. WELLESLEY said he had never tried to influence
any one of his tenantry to take a part in favour of Reform
or against it. The feeling of the county of Essex had
been most unequivocally expressed in favour of this great
public measure. He bad already delivered his own opi-
nions on the subject, and trusted most sincerely to see the
Bill passed.
Mr. STANLEY said, he very much regretted that the
Paymaster of the Forces was not then present, as it ap-
peared from what he stated in the House last night, that
much misconception prevailed both in- the Hous.! and out
of it.—(Hear, hear.) He (Mr. Stanley) could positively
affirm, that it was not the intention of Ministers to de-
viate from a single principle of the Bill.—(Hear, hear.)
He would repeat, that it was not the intention of Ministers
to deviate from a single principle of the measure as at that
laid down.—(Hear.) It was a great misconception to
suppose that it was not the intention of Ministers to dis-
franChise boroughs 'not containing a certain population.
—( Hear, hear.) Not one of those boroughs whose popu-
lation did not extend to a certain amount would escape the
sentence of disfranchisement, or being in part disfranchised.
—(Hear, hear.) But all that was intended by his Noble
Friend was, that if it was the decided opinion of the House
that the number of its Members ought to be more than
those proposed by the Bill, such an augmentation would
not be taken from those boroughs pr,posed to be disfran-
chised, but from large and populous towns now unrepre-
sented.--( Heard
Sir E. B. SUGDEN said that the principle of the
measure was to be gathered from its details, and as the
Hon. Member (Mr. Stanley) had said if the Members of
that House were not to be decreased, that the Govern.
ment would take care not to restore say. of the
boroughs that were to be disfranchised, as ori-
ginally proposed, but would give these additional
Members to other great and populous towns, the prin-
ciple would be essentially changed. It was a new Bill to
be considered in its own details.

Mr. CAMPBELL said the principle of the Bill remained
untouched. Was the principle of the measure to reduce the
number of the House of Commons ? No ; it was to put
an end to the nomination of Members of the House—to
put an' end to rotten boroughs—to put an end.ter corrup-
tion—and that prineiple•icniainedlontoueired by any new
explariatione. According to the statements of the Noble
Paymaster, Schedules A. and B. remained entire, and if they
remained . entire, • the "principle of the measure was not
affected.—(Hear, hear, heat.) With regard to what had
been said about birth ,and servitude, the Noble Pay•
master had not said that they were permanently to be
retained, but that there was ground for an exception in
case of those who had acquired a title to the freedom of
the several corporations to which they belonged, and in
virtue. of :which during their lives they were
entitled to a share in the elective . franchise. With regard
to the popularity of the measure, although he might not
have had the experience of the Hon. Member for Preston, he
had yet visited various counties in England, and according to
his experience, persons of all ranks, the high and the low,
the rich and the poor, all exclaimed in fuvour of the Bill.
In the county of Shfford there was a meeting called by
a requisition, at the head of which were the names of ten
Peers, and which was attended not only by persons
of great opulence and, distinction, but also of the lowest
orders, who hailed the prospect of having speedily restored
to them what they justly esteemed the birthright of every
Englishman--a voice in the representation of their country.
Mr. O'CONNELL said the Hon. Member for Wey-
month had laboured much to show that the principle of
the Reform Bill .had been very much infringed and
altered. The principle of the Bill was not as that
Hon. Member had endeavoured to show, to create a
separation between the landed and . the manufacturing
interests; but of putting an end to the nomination to
boroughs, and to the entire system of odious traffic in
their purchase and sale. Now bow was this to be carried
into effect, if not by mcertaining.population ? The Noble
Paymaster of the Forces had proceeded upon the returns
of 1821. That was the only matter of detail, and the
only alteration now proposed was by reference to later
documents, to vary from that scale, when it was found
to be incorrect. "The principle of the Bill was to get rid
of, not 'the distinction between the manufacturing and
landed interests, but of the notorious system of the manu-
facturing of Members of that House, and of Members to the

other House as well, of getling Peerages by means of re
turns to that House—of getting rid of expences for elec-
tions out of the proceeds of future elections. There had
been men, and there were now men to lie found, who bed
trafficked for Peerages in this way, but that traffic would be
put an end to for ever by the operation of the Reform Bill.
It was on this account that there had bt4n lrritatiNt in
some places on the subject, .•because the Bill went to de-
stroy for ever the trade in boroughs, and leave men to
their own resources for the attainmentot station and dignity.
lie regretted to hear what the Honourable Member
for Preston had said in the House last night, but.
he could not believe that those Of whom he spoke
were the geniiins reformers of Englanch—CCheerai) The
gentine reformerS of Engdmil wire all deCidedly in favour
of this Bill. They knew, if the Bill pii6ed, pOpular men of
pepu'ar principle', and with disinterested views, Would he
likely to be returned to that House—men who would
ameliorate what wanted amelioration, but, at the same time
pre,erve as most sacretl the right of that House to
correct whatever it might observe to be necessary, not only
in that House—not only in oilier places, but in the House
of Lords, where it was necessary.
Lord VALLETORT could not be brought to believe
that the principle of the Bill would be advantageous to
the people of England. He had understood, from what
the Right Hon. Gentleman opposite bad stated, that
the sixty-twO Members, which it was proposed to reduce
the number, were to be added to towns, and none to
be given to counties.

Mr. STANLEY said, what lie meant to have stated
was that no Moab r should he given to those boroughs
that were originally intended to be disfranchised, and that
the Members would be given to large and respectable bodies
of constituents. -
Mr. NORTH wished to know, as the Bill was to
undergo great inedifieation, whether those modifications,.
or similar modifications, were afterwards to be extended to
the Scotch and Irish Bills, for it was only caleulated to
deceive the House to attempt to say that the principle of
all the Bills was not alike.
Mr. STANLEY said, that the modifications of the
Enlists Bill did not at all affect its principle, and could
have nothing to do with the other Bills. • '
Mr. HUNT said that the Hon. Me-tuber for Weymouth
quet-d him as a good authority on the present occa-
sion ; it was only about a week ago that the same Ho-
nourable Member had told the House that lie was no
authority at all, therefote he (Mr. II.) could not feel much
flattered by Mm compliment—(Laughter.) With regard
to what he had said last night, he was fully per-
suaded that he had then said nothing but what
was correct, and what he was prepared to substantiate.
He did not go into facts. • An Hon. and-Learned Member
opposite (Mr. Campbell) said -he had been travelling
about in various parts of the country, and had collected
what he considered to be the correct feeling of the people,
and that that feeling was in favour of the measure. He
(Mr. H.) thought the information he had collected quite
as much to he depended upon. He had travelled through
Staffordshire, Warwickshire, and also Lancashire, on' an
invitation to meet great bodies of his constituents, and
from them he had collected the information upon 'which
he had proceeded. He had this day received • from
his constituents a confirmation of what he stated yester-
day—that they had held a meeting since he was there, at
which they had agreed to a petition, praying, as they had
prayed, for an extension of the suffrage—a suffrage to al)
such as they enjoyed themselves-and -that
.was
universal suffrage in the extreme He was sorry ,ati
Honourable Member (Mr. O'Connell) should have
felt hurt at what he had said.—(Hear, hear.)—
He had often felt hurt to hear him speak.—(Laughter,)
And as to what had be en said about bartering for seats
in that House, on his side of the House, he had.
heard as much said about such conduct on the other
side of the House. When he was among his constituents
the first question he put to them was, whether they con-
sidered the Bill brought forward as likely to benefit
them? They said " No." The next question was, whether
they were satisfied—they not enjoying the right' of
voting in the return of Members for Parliamento
have that right delegated to those who paid.ten pounds
—and their answer was, decidedly not--those were
the very last persons whom they should wish 'to have to
choose representatives for them; they would rather have
persons in considerably higher an I more elevated stations ;
not boroughmongers, borough proprietors, or shopkeepers,
but persons of an entirely different character. As for
himself, he hoped he should always be allowed to
state what he considered to be right in that
House, because he " would rather be • a dog,. and
bay the moon," than till a seat there,- 'and not
state what he conscientiously believed to be the
truth. Every man who had lived in Preston, if
he ever slept in a hay-loft, hail a right to vote for
the return of a Member of Parliament, and they a,
wished the same universal suffrage 'to'be extended to MI.
deeply did he regret to find'that the Hon. Member fair
Waterford was so altered in 'his language--that Meats,
her who was returned on the express understanding
that he would advocate universal stiffiag4 and vote
by ballot. For his own part, if he . were about
to suffer on a scaffold, the last , thing he would
call for would be universal , suffrage and vote by
ballot. As' for the Honourable Member for Worcester
saying he (Mr. H.) was the worst enemy Reform hall—
he (Mr. Hunt) believed he was the worst enemy to that
sort of Reform that would satisfy the Hon. Member.
General GAS COYNE considered it absolutely necessary
that the House should distinctly know, before the motion
was made for going into a Committee,. what was to be
done with the number of Members who, by the preamble
of this Bill, were to be disfranchised. Fur his own park
he really did nut understand it.
Lord ALTHORP was not in the House when the •
Noble Lord who had brought forward thi's Measure made.
some observations upon the point raised by the Gallant ,
General. lie had no hesitation to state what the feeling
of the Government was upon it. On looking at the dif-
ferent schedules, and also at the different town, Minis- ,
ters had found that, consistently with the rule they
had laid down for theMselves some additions to the
numbers they had proposed would necessarily have to
be made. They did not intend to depart :in
the slightest degree from the principle of the Bill ;
but owing to the discovering little inaccuracies,
they found that they should have to increase the
number of Members to some little extent, though nothing
like that of 62. They had never considered the num-
hers an essential part of the Bill, though they were
determined, if they could, to carry the . proposition: of
reducing the numbers. Supposing, however, ft should
turn out to be the opinion• of the Honse that the
Members should not he diminished, undoubtedly his, Ma- •
jesty's Ministers would not think that so great an in-
road on the principle of the Bill as to cause them
to throw it up, but they should be prepared to submit
to the House such populous towns as in their judgment
ought to have the return of those Members given to
them. With respect to the rotten boroughs intended to
lie disfranchised, they woul.l think it an entire dereliction
of the principle•of the Bill, if any one Member should be
allowed to be returned from them, were from nomination
boroughs.

(LEFT SPEAKING.)

REFORM MEETING •IN SUPPORT OF
HIS MAJESTY'S. MINISTERS.

(From the Inverness Courier.)

A public meeting was held in the C•ourt-hoase
here this day (Wedneday), of freeholders,heritors,
and commissioners of supply; to consider of the.
Ministerial plan of Reform. The county. gentlemen
present were Sheriff Tvtler, Lovar, Mackintosh,
jun. of .Macliintosit, Culbockie, Olenmorriston.
Foyers, Inches, Aberarder, Abertarff, Bairain, CUl-
duthel, Finga.sk,'Eskdale, Colonel Rote, of Castle-
hill, Mr. Edwards, Sheriff-Substitute, and Mr.
Gollan, of Gollanfield. Aftersome' ..delay in the
expectation of a, fuller attendance-of heritors, the
meeting proceeded to elect a Preses, when T. A.
FRASER, EFI. of Loiat, Was unanimously called to
the• chair. A letter from Mr. Macdonald,.. of Clan-
lanald, was then .read, in which he ,states that " the
measure which will engage you pa Nyetinesday hai
my most zcalous and unconditional good wishes:"

BIRTHS. w_".—_ -_---
, the lady of T. Hill_
At his house in Gower-street, the lady of Mr. Serjeant Russell,
of a son. • .
On the 22(1 of March, at Seville, the wife of R. Ford, Esq.,
man,
tEshecFl,ltohf
ainssot.n aatn(Mi
hilolirW. all, Poplar,
of a son.
'of Edward WOod,'..sq.,
J. H. Fife, Esq., of Lo„ng-
MARRIED. , • ,
acre, to tt
oh e
Maryl 2 h
Ann,ins t. at
third St
dB:111;174,r
Montpelier. House, Kentish Town. • . . .
At St. Mark's, Kennington, C. Hall, Esq., of Ewell, Surtej,
to Ann Stevens, eldest dauFh,ter of Mrs. Tayler, of the Clap.
ham-road. ~. .
. , DIED. . • . On the 11th inst. Louisa, youngest daughter of Andrew Edge,
of; Essex-street. -
At Nantes, Mary Rose, relict of the late Benjamin
• ' Chart ' .
ery,
Esq.; of Bristol. • -• • . ' • - -. ', • • • .
- May-fair Cattierin 9
On the 11th inst. in Hertford-street, • e . o_
phia, wife of Captain the Hon. Get:lT&li
reulett,
,N.' and elde4
daughter of Sir G. Dallas, Bart.
-In •Wigmore-street, Cavendish-square, Mr-. 4. H. 1,101:d.. . ,

p1I,"0 Ayb 'LA; Ii2URDO YOUN(c At rTne
.St/N OFFICE, 112, STRAND, LONDON.

%.
-----

TO BF
A DE
pac
deetpetl of
beatitiful pit
bet Ween Itr
Manors well
the accuston
of five or six

To be vie
tower Court
May be had
Office, Uxbri

Extensive S

MEG
LI
accommorlat
&c., all in
the privilegi
of moors an
Ptarmigan,
Ile will alsii
of coble fish
river Lyon,

The Esta
Stirling, frc
45 miles, at
where a ste
the summer
Apply to
street, West
House, Abe
South Castl
Duncan
Estate, will

WHI

and grocer,
the 4th d
said Cherie
of 'the sam
of the Brii
the second
selves or thl
respectively
head of Cr
Price, of t
and efects
Price, thei
trust (after
and defrayir
Deed of As'
the creditor
execute the
July next en
said Cherie
eighth day
Thomas fli
and Edwari

And all I
Price, are
either •f th

Swan-hi

riLM.
.11Lj for
iron hurdle
steads, witl
useful, near
opposi
Gentry are
for ingpeeti
gantries, (la
proved wir
Banta, poull
Gentlemen
them exeeu

Vermin Tr

wM

best selects
GOODSi
the Society
the cottage
Parliament
Mechanics,
articles at
society pri
burial, an(
return sin(
iag Royalt
the Kingd
bestowed
by their
the same
terion by .1
Establishn
marked at
no abatent
fault appei
atarge.

warded by

71 Leader
