that province.

NUREMBERG, Nov. 11.—All the reports re-
specting some pretended political changes in
several Northern States are destitute of any

foundation.

Our politicians now say that the journey of
the King of England to Hanover had no political
object whatever.
It is asserted that the Persians have declared
war against the Ottoman Porte, and that hosti-
lities have already commenced. It is added that
one of the Schah's sons is at the head of 60,000
men, in the Environs of Bagdad.
T R I ESTE, No v. 2.—( Extract of a Private Letter.)
—A vessel has arrived here in eight days from
Corfu, bringing letters up to the 18th October,
from a most respectable merchant there, to the
Director of the Company of Assurance of this
City, giving the following information respecting
the Turkish fleet. It consisted of 53 ships of
war, with 37 empty vessels they had taken at
Galaxidi ; it was attacked by 28 Greek vessels,
be ;:!g the vanguard of their whole fleet, and en-
tirely dispersed, the Greeks recovering at the
same time the vessels taken from them. One
Turkish corvette was boarded and taken, and
seven other ships sunk ; another in the port of
Cheri, in the island of Zante, and four have not
been heard of yet ; the remaining forty took re-
fuge in Zante, four of the largest without masts :
a French corvette was present at this battle.—
They write from Zante, that the Islanders have
obliged the English Authorities there to send off
the 40 Turkish ships that had taken shelter in
their port, and that they had even killed four
British soldiers. We expect soon to hear of the
attack of the shattered remains of this Turkish
fleet, and then we hardly think there will be one
left to carry the news of the defeat to the sultan.
A small vessel of Spezzia attacked two Turkish
brigs, and sunk them.

CORFU, OCT. IC.

[PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE.]

Alre are told that a great number of Turkish
corps are marching against the Greeks. The
only troops which the Greeks have to dread are
the divisions composed of European Turks, espe-
cially those who are now contending with the in-
surgents for the soil of Greece ; but most of
them have perished in a great number of partial
conflicts, which have proved very fatal to the
Osmanlis of the country.

We have now certain intelligence of the cap-
ture of Tripolitza, the capital of*the Morea, of
which the following are particulars :
" Calamatta, Sept. 27.

" Tripolitza was taken by storm on the 23d
of this month. The Turks guarded carelessly a
part of the ramparts, which having been ob-
served by the Parganiote Colonel, Cephalas, he
resolved on taking advantage of it. He commu-
nicated his plan of attack to the other chiefs,
assembled his regiment, and after a short ad-
dress seized the labarum, and was the first
who ascended the enemy's ramparts. This
attack succeeded : the Colonel planted on the
walls with his own hands the Greek standard,
and followed by his men, dispersed the enemy,
and attacked an adjoining battery, of which he
The Ifydriot gunners, who

got possession.

served the besiegers' batteries, having joined this I
band, immediately turned the guns of this battery
against the town, and carried on a brisk fire : at
the same time, the soldiers were fighting with
the Turks, who were abandoning in every direc-
tion the ramparts, to retire into the square. Ge-
❑eral Peter Mavromichale, who commanded the
beseiging army on the opposite side of the
town, apprized of the successful attack by
the report of the cannon and the appear-
ance of the floating War= on the walls,
went also to the assault at the head of the
Mainotes. Colocotrone did the same on his
side ; and the battle which began at eleven
o'clock in the morning lasted until midnight.—
The Turks having been driven from all their
retrenchments, shut themselves up in several
houses, from which they continued to fire ou the
Greeks, and thus compelled the latter to
set fire to a number of houses. The next day
the Turks, who still held some strong positions
refused to surrender, notwithstanding the re-
peated summons they received, and the con-
querors were under the necessity of reducing
them by fire and artillery.

" Our Chiefs treated with distinction all the
Agas and other Turks of rank who were made
prisoners. The harems of two Pashas of the
Morea, who are now fighting under the orders
of Chousrid, Paella of Epirus, were also found
in this town ; and the women were treated with
all the respect and consideration due to their
sex and rank. Even the proud Kiaja-Bey of
Chousrid Pacha,who at the beginning of the insur-
rection overrun and sacked Argolis, burnt seve-
ral villages, massacred and led into slavery all
the inhabitants, was, notwithstanding these atro-
cities, treated by the Greeks with the modera-
tion enjoined by christianity to its disciples.
" The Archistrategos Demetrius Ypsilanti had
been absent for three days, and his Lieutenant
Peter Mavromichale, Prince of Maina, command-
ed in his place the day Tripolitza was taken.
The provisions found there were so abundant,
that the Turks might have passed the whole
winter in the town without inconvenience, if it
had not been thus taken. The Mainotes and all
the troops have obtained a great quantity of
booty."

(EXTRACT OF A LETTER.)--« LEGHORN, Nov.
.—The meeting of the Greek and Turkish fleets
took place on the 12th of October off the island
of Zante ; the inhabitants of the island were as-
sembled on the shore. The advantage appearing
to be on the side of the Greeks, as the Turkish
flag was struck in some of the ships, and the
banner of the Cross hoisted in stead, caused them
to express their joy by loud acclamations and
clapping of hands. The English perceiving this,
gave orders for the guns of the fortress to fire on
the Greek ships ; but while they were engaged
in this, the inhabitants revolted, and the English
were obliged to retire, and to shut themselves up
in the Castle. Troops have since arrived from'
Corfu, under the command of General Adams,
and we expect, with impatience, further parti-
culars."

li.tmauac fr, Nov. 13.--By the latest accounts
from St. Petersburgh we learn that trade was
very dull, and that the exchange had fallen a
little. The letters which we have received from
that city are, however, rather of a pacific, than of
a warlike complexion.
HAGUE, Nov. 14.—The First Chamber has
adopted the project of law passed by the Second
Chamber, respecting the continuation of the
Land Tax, &c. upon the same footing as in 1820
—lB2l.

A convention has been laid before the Second
Chamber, concluded between his Majesty the
king of the \etherlands and his Majesty the
King of France, for the reciprocal giving up of
deserters.

The ship Flora, Capt. Kirchhoff, from Malaga,
which was refused admittance at Cuxhaven, has
entered the port of ..Arendahl.

CITY BUSINESS.-The LORD MAvor, yester-
day held a Court of Aldermen, when his Lord.
ship laid before the Court the most gracious An.
swer of his Majesty to the Address presented on
Friday last, which was ordered to be entered on
the Journals. The Court unanimously voted
their Thanks to the late Lord Mayor for his
conduct throughout his Mayoralty, which was
ordered to be advertised, and also to be present-
ed to his Lordship in the usual manner.---The
Inquest of St. Dunstan's presented sundry ruinous
houses, upon which the Court directed the Act
of Parliament to be put in force. The Inquest
of Tower Ward presented a serious nuisance near
the Custom-house, which was referred to the
Alderman of the Ward. The Court, upon bear-
ing the Petition of Messrs. Calvert, ordered the
proceedings against them at the City's expense
to be stayed. Precepts were directed to be is-
sued for the Election of Common Councilmen,
and other Ward Officers, on St. Thomas's day
next. The Court were pleased unanimously to
vote an allowance to Mr. Wontner,in consequence
of the lamentable accident he met with in the
discharge of his duty.

X 30,000 MONEY IN SHARES BY c.tanotr..—
No. 11,486, drawn Yesterday a PRIZE of Tnyit-
TY THOUSAND POUNDS, was sold in Shares by
CARROLL, at his fortunate Offices, 19, Corn-
hill, and 26, Oxford-street. It will be recollect-
ed that CARROLL also sold the very Last k30;000
Consols ever drawn.
