LONDON, MONDAY EVENING, JANUARY 26, 1829.

boated Ancient Nations, &e. A New Edition, revised
rand improved, by W. C. TAYLOR, A.B. ; with Nine
Alps. I 2ion. Price ss. lionnd and lettered.
PINNOCK'S ELEMENTS of MODERN- GEO-
GRAPHY and GENERAL .HISTORY ; on a Plan eu-
.tir•ely new : containing an accurate and interesting De-
WriptiOn of all the Countries, States, &c. in the known
-World, with the Manners and Customs of the Inhabitants;
to which are added, Historical Notices of each Country,
and Questions for Examination. By G. ROBERTS.
A New Edition, revised and corrected to Christmas, 1826.
I2mo. with Maps, price6s. 6:1. bound and lettered.
• A COMPANION to the GLOBES: comprising the
various Problems that may be performed by the Globes,
preceded by the Subjects to which they refer ; and accom-
panied by more than One Thousand Examples and Reeapi-
tulatory Exercises, &c. &c. By T. LININGTON. Se-
cond Edition. 12in0.• Price 4s. 60. bound.

A KEY to the above, price 2s. stitched.
A CELESTIAL ATLAS, comprising Projections of

the Plmispheres, and Particular Constructions of the-Signs
of the Zodiac, and the Constellations in each Hemisphere,
exactly as they appear in the Heavens, in a Series of
Thirty beautifully-engraved Maps, which are illustrated by
scientific Descriptions of their Contents, and by Catalogues
of the stars, Astronomical Problems, and Exercises, stc.
&c. By ALEXANDER JAMIESON, LL.D. Dedi-
cated, by permission, to his Majesty. Royal 4t0., half.
bound, plain, price IL ss. ; and 1/. I Is. 6d. coloured.
An OUTLINE ATLAS of the HEAVENS, adapted
to the above, to be filled up by the Student. 4to. Price 369.
Also may be had Gratis, a COMPLETE CATA-
LOGUE of SCHOOL BOOKS. . „

THE MOST NOBLE THE MARCHIONESS WEL-.

LESLEY.

J
BELLE ASSEMBLEE, for February,
A will contain a splendid Portrait, from a very beau-

tiful Miniature by Robertson, of the Most Noble . the
MARCHIONESS WELLESLEY, which will be the 50th
of a Series of Illustrious Portraits of the Female Nobility,
now in course of publication in La Belle Assemblee—the
only work of the class extant. The Literary department
will consist of an Illustrative Memoir of the Marchioness
Wellesley. Contemporary Poets—Lord Porchester—Bog-
nor Rocks, by Miss Porter—Knowing and Having, by
Miss Hutton, author of the Miser Married, &c. &c. Wil-
liam Sullivan and Mary Kendall, a Village Tragedy,
by Dement Conway, &c. &c. Original Poetry—
Theatres, &c. &c. The four coloured Engravings of the
Ladies' Fashions are for style and beautyof exeention un-
rivalled by any other publication. Price Ss. 6d. ,
The Number for January contained a Portrait of her
Grace the DUCHESS of NORTHUMBERLAND.

Complete sets of the work, containing all the embellish-
ments, may now be had.
The forthcoming Numbers will be graced by the follow-
ing Portraits : —The Honourable Mrs. BARRINGTON—
LADY BELFAST—LADY NORMANBY— LADY
CHARLOTTE BURY—VISCOUNTESS KIRKi
WALL—Hon. Mrs. CHARLES LINDSAY—LADY
ANN RAMSAY—Hon. Mrs. CHARLES ARBUTH-
NOT—LADY ELLENBOROITGH, &c. &c.
Proofs of the Portraits to be had of Mr. Colmaglii, 23,
I...'ockspur-street.
Published by Whittaker, Treacher, end Arnot, Ave
Maria-lane and may be ordered of every Bookseller in the
Kingdom.

MURDERING OF SIXTY-TWO

CHILDREN.

It has been repeatedly remarked of late, that
the annals of crime do not furnish us with a
parallel to the atrocious deeds of Burke, Hare,
i\l'Dougal, and Co. The narration of the fol-
lowing horrible :ale, the truth of every particle of
which may be relied upon, will perhapa go far to
convince the readers 'of the Elgin Courier, that
the history of France in the seventeenth century,
contains one instance at least of a system of
murderS being regularly acted on, limier ciretnn-
stances of atrocity as great, if not greater, than
that pursued by the nefarious firm whose names
we have just mentioned :—ln the year 1673 a
midwife in Paris had by hei• superior knowledge.
of her profession, got into an extensive practice.
Knowing. that many of her employers were un-
married, and that consequently they would wish
their delivery to be as private as possible, she
conceived it would prove a :good specula-
tion to engage commodious premises for her-
self, and provide for those whose circumstances
could afford it the necessary accommodation at
her own house, at the time of their lying-in.—
The speculation was attended with eminent suc-
cess ; numbers of pregnant females took up a
temporary residence in this novel institution. It
was observed, however, by a gentleman who re-
sided directly opposite the midwife's house, that
notwithstanding the many pregnant women that
went in to be delivered, there were comparatively:
few children. that came out. It accordingly oc-
curred to him, as the most probable supposition
to.acconnt for-this, that a number cf the young
innocents trust 'have been murdered shortly after •
their entrance into the world: He intimaukl
his suspicions to several of his neighbours and -
the result was, that they applied to a magistrate
for a search warrant, under the pretension that
a quantity of silver-plate had been stolen: The
warrant was obtained, and the search commenced,
when to their indescribable horror, they' dis-
covered a secret place of the house, under ground,
in which which were deposited no less than the
bodies of sixty4wo children ! Some of them
were considerably decomposed ; but the great
majority of .them seemed to have been murdered
within two or three weeks of the time at which

the shocking discovery- was made. The in-
human monster was apprehended, imprisoned,
tried, and condemned .on the most conclusive
evidence,in conjunction with her own confession
of guilt. The atrocity of her guilt produced
such an impression on the public mind, that a
universal demand was made .for the infliction of
the punishment of death under the most tor-
turing of its forms. A most excruciating
mode of death was accordingly resorted. to. A
gibbet was erected, under which a fire was
lighted. The delinquent was then hung up in a
large iron cage, in company with sixteen wild
cats, which had been caught in the woods for
the purpose. When the heat of the fire had be-
come intolerable, the whole of the ferocious
animals flew on the woman as the cause of the
agonizing pains they experienced. In about a
quarter of an hour she presented a most shock-
ing spectacle,_ but continued to live for twenty
minutes longer,—imploring, but i❑ vain, some
of the spectators to despatch her at.once. Before
;she expired, twelve of the cats had died, and the
other four only lived about two minutes longer.
—Vain Courier...

On Saturday last the following gentletnen
were called to the Bar, by the Honourable Society of the
Middle Temple, viz. John Walter Hulme, Robert Wellbe-
byed, Thomas Henry, and William Glover, Esquires.
DISTRESSED STATE OF THE SILK
WEAVERS.-On Saturday last the Rev. Mr. Mayne ap-
peared (according to appointment) at the Mansion-house,
gjul made a communication to the Lord Mayor on the
subject of the Spitalfields weavers. llii Lordship ex-
pressed much regret at hearing of their distress, and re-
ferred Mr. Mayne to the Committee appointed fur manag,-
iqg the contributions of 1925, Whig will accordingly meet
t is dar on the subjeo,

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

HUNTING INTELLIGENCE.
A £TOINI uvNrs FOIL THIS wErK.

Lord Yarborough's Pounds, on Monday, at Aylesby
Viilage ; Wednesday, at•Fox-.Dales ; Friday, at Kettlehy
Thorp ; and Saturday, at Hendale Lodge—at eleven.
The 131ackr000r Ycde Bounds, o, Tuesday, at Stout ton
Inn; and Friday-,-at Stock-house—at ten.

Mr. Lester'a Harriers, on Wednesday, at the Shoulder
of Mutton ; and Saturday, .at Alderney Cottage—at ho:-
past ten.
The Brighton Harriers, on Monday, at Patcham ; Wed •
nesday, near the Race Course ; and Friday, at the Dyke-
-at half-past ten.
The Brookside
,Harriers will continue to meet every
Monday, at Newmarket ; WTudnesday, at the Lewes Race
Course ; and Friday, at Tellescomhe-Tye—at half-past ten.
The Somerset Subscription FoOiounds, on Tuesday, at
St. Audries ; and Friday, at Crocombe Park-gate.
The Cheshire Hounds, on Monday, at -Winsford ;
Wednesday, at Booth-lane Toll-bar-gate; Thursday, at
Minshull Guide-post; and Saturday, at Sandiway Head
—at half-past ten.
Mr. Price's Hounds, on Tuesday, at The Gint (Nant-
glyn) ; Thursday, at Cefit Llwyd-bridge ; and Saturday, at
Gwaenynog—at half-past teut •
' -The Westacre Stag-hounds, on Monday, at Swaffham
Race Course; and Friday, at Necton Tuns—at half-past
ten.

-General Wm. Fitzroy's Hounds, on Monday, at Mr.
Abbott's, Wicken Castle Acre ; Wednesday, at Beetly ;
and Friday, at West Lexhaw—at eleven.
The East Sussex Hounds, on Monday, at Fitly;
Thuisthty, at Chailey South Common ; and Saturday, at-
Hellinely—at a glarter before eleven.
The Dadswot th Fox-hounds, on Tuesday, at Badsworth-
ball ; Thursday, at Red-house--at half-past ten ; and Sa-
turdsy, at Acton, at haV-past eleven.
Lord Anson's Hounds, on Monday, at Shuckburgh-hill ;
Wednesday, at the Kennel, Dunelturch ; Thursday, at
Bourton 3 and Saturday, at Princethorpe Village—at half-
vast ten.

Mr. Meynell's Hounds, on Monday, at Egginton ; Thurs-
day, at Eton Wood; and Saturday, at BlitliSeld—at half-
past ten.
The Quorn Hounds, on Monday, at Bonney Park ;
Tuesday, at Cotes-turnpike ; Thursday, at Great Dalby ;
and Friday, at Martinshatv Wood—at half-past ten.
The Conock Harriers, on Monday, at Catterly Banks ;
and Friday, at Imber Furze—at eleven.
The GI ansden Hounds, on Monday and Fi play, at the
Kennel —at ten. _ _ _

Mr. King's Hounds, on Monday; at Holn-bridge ; and
Thursday, at Park—at ten.
The Whitehaven Harriers, on Monday, at Barrow
Mouth ; and Wednesday, at Moresly—at eight.
Mr. Dansev's Hounds, on Tuesday, at Westhide Vil-
lage; and Friday, at Credenhill—at ten.
Mr. G. Mute's Hounds, on Tuesday, at Stowlangtoft—
at half-past ten.
The Cumberland Fox-hounds, on Tuesday, at Galt ;
and Friday, at Middlescaugh Woods—at ten.
The Lambton Fox-hounds, on Monday, at Shotton ;
Tuesday, at Chester-le-street; Thursday, at Brandon ;
and Saturday, at Sunderland-bridge—at ten.
Sir G. Sitwell's Fox-hounds, on Tuesday, at Hardstaff
Common ; and Thursday, at Norton—at ten.
The Warwickshire Fox-hounds, on Monday, at Mitford-
bridge ; Wednesday, at Wainbody Wbod ; Friday, at Al-
veston Pasture; and Saturday, at Austey Wood—at half-
; past ten.

ODE TO HOPE.

BY AN IRISH CATHOLIC.

1.1.5.^/2 Z.XqFVI.

A WEHOI.

What youth that taketh his daily way
Twist Hyde•park corner and Cheapside,
But oft must see, in bonnet gay,
. Some sylph-like nymph before him glide,
Whose step, whose air his zeal provoke
To follow her, fast and breathless, on,
Till 10, he peepeth beneath her poke,
.And his dream of beauty all is gone
He finds the nymph who backward threw
Her Parthian arrows from waist and feet,
kirylpli, an angel, to pursue,
But—truth to tell—a devil to meet.

Thus, treavherous Hope, from morn to night,
From month to year, thou cheat'st the eye,—
Thy form, far off, a nymph of light, -
lint withering into a hag, when nigh !
Oh, not even Proten4' self e'er took
So many and strange relays of shape,
As thou can'st take, of name and look,
To shift like him—like him, escape.

Sometimes, a princely form thoult wear,
And, looking-, with Royal look, so wise,
Dost kindly bid us not despair,
When a certain sire or brother dies.
But, scarce that mournful hour we see,
When,—fast as a witch will scud, 'tis said,
If you mutter a " Benedicite"—
At the sound of an Oath, thou'rt gone and fled

In a Tory Premier's semblance, too,
Thou cam'st to puzzle, another day ;
But the charm was brief—the dream, untrue—
. And thy smile in ether died away !
Sometimes, thou bringest that anchoriuld,
Which ancient poets lent to thee,—
Which modern priests. would tip with gold,
And grave thereon " security."
Sometimes,—us an Opera Zephyr springs,
On tiptoe, tow'rds his gay beholders,—
Thou dancest forth, with a pair of Wings,
Of Dan's own making, on thy shoulders !
But, Hope, thy wardrobe's much destay'd ;
I doubt, if ev'n one rag remains
Of thy old and tawdry masquerade,
'To dazzle again poor Popish brains.
Thy reign, indeed, Lad well nigh pass' 1,
Thy pride, oh Hope, had sunk to zero,
When, fall'n, thou took'st thy perch at last
On the ominous head of a guard-room hero,—
A hero, not unlike that shade,t
Which mock'd the bold Rutilian's call,
And, though arrayed in helm and blade,
Was a brainless phantom, after all !
Go, go—thy spell is broke—away !
To the juggler's wand no more I bow ;
Thou bast fooled me many and many a. day,
Go, act thy farce for others now.
Go, teach less veteran dupes to think
That princely promises keep their words ;
That Priesthood's grasp or Slavery's link
Will ever be loosed by kings or lords ;
That reverend men would risk the tolls
They kindly take, on Heaven's highway,
To snatch from Erebus even the souls
Of the dearly beloved flocks who pay ;
That the march of Mind proceeds so fast,
There are hopes (God willing) its empire brigh
May dawn o'er conotry-squires, at last,
And tip even Kn—chh—l's brains with light ;.
In short, that Intellect's spreading rays
So fast will travel through all degrees,
That the spoon-fed idiots of future days
Will be wise as the Tory Dukes of these.
Go, teach these reveries, Hope, to all,
Who have seese enough to be also taught
That the canopied sky will, one day, 101,
And that then—there will plenty of larks be caught.
For me, who neither for King, or Pope,
Or Duke or Squire can henceforth eine,
lam sick—l am sick to the heart of Hope,
And, by way of a change, must try-,,Despair

* Vulgo, TUV.
t The military phantom, which, as Virgil tells us, the got!.
dess Juno fashioned and dressed up,' to deceive Turnus, and
which seems, from the following lines, to have possessed all the
requisites necessary for making a Prime Minister :
Dardani4 ornat tells; clypeumque jubaNue,
Divini assimulat capitis; dat masks
Dat sine mente-sonum.

Lord Dalhousie, thop. late -elovernor of the
Canada', ia making preparations for his approaching de-
parture for India, in which country he has received the
appointment of Commander of the Forces, vice Lord
Combermere.

PRICE 7D.

RUSSIAN CAMPAIGN IN TURKEY.

The following are extracts from the journal of a
volunteer engaged in the Russian army on the

Danube :

" The bravery of the Russ'an troops has been
long established, and when \veil commanded t here
are none who will longer withstand an enemy's attack
or more intrepidly support the murderous affair of a
well-pointed battery. At Silistria, Shumla, and
Varna, repeated proofs'have been given of the gal-
lantry of several corps when employed en masse, and
thet:e are also some brilliant examples of personal
bravery which have been scarcely noticed amongst
the noble achievements of the 3d, 4th, and 6th
corps d'armee during the campaign.
" Whilst I remained with my friend of the Impe-
rial Guards, 1 learned a few anecdotes which I think
deserve being mentioned, and I give them to you as
absolute facts.

" Before. Shumla, Lieut.-Colonel Readh had
shown great coolness and courage in exec uting the
orders of his Imperial Majesty, to whom he had
the honour of being one of "t he aides-de-camp; he
distinguished himself highly in performing the last
duty of danger to which he was exposed. He was
ordered to communicate with the commanding officer
of a detachment greatly galled by the Turkish bat-
teries, which ceased not for a moment their tre-
mendous fire, Readh advanced coolly through a
shower of shot, one of which unfortunately termi-
nated the career of this heroic officer. The Ear-
peror is said to greatly regret this loss, and as a
mark of his .esteem for his late aide-de-camp, has
appointed to the same situation his brother, already
a Colonel commanding a regiment of Hussars.
" Soon after the Russians had entered Moldavia,
a brigade of Lancers were on their march near
Gouja, under the orders of Lieutenant-General
Kreitz, when a report was made to him that the
Turks, well armed, had posted themselves in a monas-
tery, which, like all, other buildings of the-same kind
in the two principalities, was surrounded by a high
wall. The General proposed to the Chevalier Mer-
lini to make these Turks prisoners, and ordered a ,
gallant CosFack to aczompany him. Notwithstand-
ing the inequality of the parties, the brave Merlini
accepted the proposition, and advancing with intre-
pidity, summoned the Turks to surrender. They
immediately flew to their arms, and determined to
defend themselves, when, with admirable presence
of mind, Merlini called out to his Cossack, The
detachment is near; advance !' and then; making
the Turks- comprehend that they would be
put to death if they resisted, or saved if they
surrendered, the Turks gave up their arms, and
Merlini conveyed both arms and prisoners to his
companions of the detachment, who anxiously
waited the result of his prowess. FOr this act of
heroism, Merlini was advanced to the rank of cot-

net. It may not be amiss to say here, Ilia this
gentleman, born of a noble Polish family, is one of
the unfortunate victims of duelling. At the age of
25, by repeated acts of bravery during the last war,
and by continued good conduct, he bad been ad-
vanced to the distinguished rank of Lieut.-Colonel of
the Imperial Guards, and had been honoured with
nine orders or decorations of different nations. Hav-

ing been so unfortunate as to wound mortally his su-
perior officer,in a duel of no common nature(both being
wounded through the body), the severity of military
law was inflicted upon him ; and though suffering
severely, he was ordered into exile, degraded to the
rank of a common soldier, and deprived of all his
honourable decorations. Again, having recovered
the rank of an officer by. the above-mentioned gal-
lant conduct, he has distinguished himself through-
out the campaign, but particularly on the following
occasion :—Lieut.-General Roth, judging it neces-
sary to send an officer of distinguished loyalty,
courage,
.and address, on a reconnoitering party,
near Silistria, before he could expose his little army
to pass from Wallachia to the Turkish side of the
Danube, proposed the undertaking to Cornet Mer-
lini, who fearlessly plunged into the river with all
his accoutrements, and followed by ten Cossacks,
equally brave with their heroic leader, together with
all their horses, gained the opposite bank. Here
these champions remained two days, and having
during that time obtained all the information neces-
sary for them and their General, they again, with
their horses, threw themselves into the Danube,
compelling a Bulgarian prisoner to imitate their ex-
ample, and authenticate the report which Merlini had
to communicate. The importance of such an ex-
pedition at such a moment will be appreciated by
military men, and the dangers attending its execu-
tion by all, when it is known that the current of the
Danube is not less than four miles per hour, and its
breadth where these noble fellows crossed is wider

than at London-bridge. After such conduct, andafter
having supported with patience the punishment of
existing as a common soldier during ten long years, it
is expected th:.t the error of a moment which has so
heavily pressed upon the Chevalier Nierlini and
brought down the displeasure of his late Sovereign,
will be effaced by the generosity of the Emperor
Nicholas.
" I met with another brave in General Rissotow,
also one of the Emperor's aides.de-camp. lie was
the first person who in a small boat, which contained
only himself and his aide-de-camp, and at the head
of a regiment of Chasseurs, crossed the Danube im-
mediately before the fortress of Isachta, from whence
the cannon were incessantly directed against the
small, boat. Notwithstanding all danger, the Ge-
neral persevered, effected his landing, and the for-
tress was soon after compelled to surrender.
" Had I remained longer amongst these heroes, I

have no doubt that I should have collected many
more anecdotes of personal bravery ; but the k4r my
hawing abandoned Shumla, Silistria, and the l,3ulga.
rian bank of the Danube, has entered i►ta winter.
quarters, and we must wait the events of the spring,
which seem to be involved in great doubt and ob-
scurity."

In compliance :with the dying request of
Austrigilda, wife of Gmtram, King of Burgunfy, her two
physicians were put to death, and buried in the sAme vault
with her. These, renurks a facetious writ ,r, were pro-
bably the only two medical men wht w:a•e ever privileged
to lie in the tomb of Rings,

LEVEN.—The Burke and Hare system of
murde is at present the engrossing topic of conversat'on
with all classes from John O'Groat's house to tits Land's
End ; and such is the excited state of 0,19 public mind,
that marvels of the most horrid dev,7iption are circulated
and read, to the no small ore.lit of the penny publication
men and the venderwol Belfast and Aberdeen Altriasiacks,
while, in every village, strangers are viewed with
cion, qui with circumstances of the trust trivial nature,
which six months ago would not have been noticed, give
rise to reports of atrocities hitherto unheard of, and which
are speedily propagated and believtul An instance of this
took place no Friday night last. A young man belonging to
this pariah, having occasion-to go to a neighbouring village,
observed two persons of suspicious appearance lurking to
the road side, and, after passing, he saw them cte.z a fence,
and quickly. . follow, seemingly with th 2 liaterition of over-
taljing hint. Conceiving they were two of those human
Sends who delight in nAwider., and cater for the dissecting
table, he was Ural wiih the greatest consternation, except-
in.Cr nlr,V,ently to be " Barked ;" and terror lending speed
to his heels, he ran with the fleetness of a greyhound, fa:
mile, when, reaching some houses, he perceive) his pur-
suers retreating at no great ilistarit . lie now congra-
t .it't!s himself on .what he co,c,ivlers a providential f szape
from the plaiter of Aft.l3artkite and the scalpel of an anato-
mist : for, he. i.a quite sure, that-had his pursuers overtaken
lkim„ his hotly ere this,time would have bee:: cut into
(collops, or boiled into .a _Fife licral4,
•
•

DEVONPORT, JAN. ?4.—.Commissioner
Shield, of this Dock-; arid;_ haS 'been promoterho
the rank of Hear-AdmiO'it, on -tita retired.,lk, fOr,
his zealous and honour cipidn'et
period of service. He htlieikliis• rank on that f~
next to Rear-Admiral Atmdford ,Tutham, haoag
been made Captain in the same veir (1794..)
The Zebra, 1; Commander E. W. Gilbert, will
be paid-off this day, end` recommissioned if -is said,
for the East Ipdia station, by Commander IL PI id-
ham, of Plymouth, who, %% ill' Lients. O. L. A.
M'Murdo and J. Shhaeff, and Mein, Sorgco!!,
are appointed to that ship.
PORT2MOUTII, JAN. 24.—8 y the Plumper gun-
brig, Limit. Medley, which strived on Monday from
Sierra Leone, we have letters f.Orn rho Sybille fri-
gate, Commodore Collier, LB , dated Nov. fi.9.
The Sybille was then on the point of proceeding to
the Bight of Benin, in search of ress'els employed
in the slave trade, which were known to be actively
engaged in that cruel traflic. 'Whatever can be
achieved by-zeal xvith a view to intercept them, we
have the consolation of knowing is insured by the
high character for that quality brine by the gallant
Commodore. The squadron on the station, we we:
happy to remark, was healdiv, the Sybille particu-
larly so. She had lost only three men during a pe-
riod of two years: the death. of two having been
occasioned by accidents, and the third arising from
fever, communicated whilst on board a prize vessel.
Commander Turner, late Lieutenant of the Sybille,
who was promoted for his gallantry in the command
of the Black Joke, tender to that frigate, returned to
England in the Plumper, with forty pirates, taken
out of a vessel captured by him on the coast, of
whose atrocities, it is hoped, evidence will be ad-
duced sufficiently conclusive to bring there to pu-
nishment. Commander Turner has been presented
by the Officers of the Sybille
_with a sword, of the
value of two hundred guineas, in token of the high
estimation in which they held his courageous and
active conduct whilst in command of -the tender.-.---
This deserving young officer, during that command,
has rescued from slavery upwards of 2,000 of his
fellow-creatures.
The Madagascar; 46, Capt. Hon. Sir R. C.
Spencer, IC.I ;.H. was towed cm of harbour, on
Monday, and sailed on Wednesday for Malta..
The Cruiser, 18, Commander Griffith Colpoys,
willed on Sunday for the East Indies.
The Onyx, 10, Lieut. Boteler, with 10,0001. in
specie, sailed on Tuesday for Lisbon and Gibraltar.
The Sylvia cutter sailed on Monday on a cruise.
The Shannon, 46, Capt. Clement, went out of
harbour this afternoon. She will sail on Tuesday
for Jamaica.
The Proeris, 10, Commander ebarles Paget, ar-
rived at Falmouth on die 16th inst. from Cork.--,
She will proceed to this port when • the wind will
permit her, to be paid off and re-commissioned.
The Board of Admiralty, composed of Sir George
Cockburn, and Sir George Clerk, with Mr. Secre-
tary Croker, returned to London on Sunday morn-
ing, from their official visit to this port.
In consequence of the long continuance of Easbt
erly winds, which prevents arrivals from the West-
ward, the Commanders-in-Chief at Plymouth and
Cork have received instructions to send out any
vessels that may be disposable to the Chops of the
Channel, to afford supplies to the trade.
The Scout, revenue cutter, lately picked up 68
tubs of spirits, in Hosely Bay.
Lieutenant James Stuart Brisbane, late of the
Warspite, is promoted to the rank-of Commander ;
Mr. Richard L. Warren, late of the Dispatch, is pro-
moted to the rank of Lieutenant.
APPOINTMENTS.—Capt. Galloway, -11..M..t0 the
Warspite; Mr. J. Mein, to be Surgeon of the Ze-
bra ; Rev. Robert Whitehead, to be Chaplain of the
Dock-yard at Bermuda.
The free trader Palmyra, for Madras and Bengal,
is hourly expected at Spithead, to take passengers
on board.

THE LONDON WEEKLY It RVIEW.—WO
stated, some time since, that this esteemed Publication had
received a valuable editorial accession its the person of a
gentleman of high literary celebrity. The writer alluded
to is the Rev. George Croly, the talented Author of Salts-
thiel ; the Review of the -Life and Time of ArehbiShop
Laud, among others, in Saturday's Number, is understood
to be from his pen. The articles of permanent it:serest in.
this weekly publication, we observe, are in future to be re-
printed and published on the Ist of every month in an
octavo form, under the title of the London Monthly Review.
PROFESSORSHIP OF PRACTICAL ASTRO-
NOM Y.-Mr. Secretary Peel, in a letter which we have
had the satisfaction to pet use, has expressed his determi-
nation not to fill up the present vacancy in this Omit\
until it shall be maturely considered how the appointment
can be rendered most effectual for the cultivat7rott of this
branch of science.— Caledonian Mercury,

THE LATE LORD LONDONDERRY.--A
large party of lordlings and young M.P.'s had been sum-
mand one evening, under the direction of Mr. Arbuthnot,
of the Treasury, to attend the debate on an important
question brought forward by the Ministers, on which a
division was anticipated. After a long and very tedious
discussion, however, the opposition declined measuring
their strength ; upon which Lord Castlereagh, who had
observed all the while the restlessness and impatience of the
junior adherents of the Treasury moving to and fro under
the gallery, and scarce brooking the controulling nods of
their leader, leisurely walked up to them, and addressing
the latter, with a toothpick in his mouth, said), very
coolly, " Arbuthnot, we shall have no division to...night ;
send your boys house.",., Maly Review.

this day of the month, in 1773, an attempt
was. made in the Home of Commons to abolish th 2 observ-
ance of King Charles's martyrdom, which faikd.

It is said, that ono of tte principal objects of
the new colony on the Swan New Holland, will be
the breeding of horse for th', use of the British army in
India. The climate is 'Well adapted for this purpose ; and
the distance from t/..e Hindostanee ports will render their
transportation comparatively easy. Horses=at least,
good ones--are very dear in all parts of India. In the
islan. of Ceylon, Arabian horses sell as high as 125 or
150 guineas each. We understand a grant of 200,000
acres of land, on the Swan River, has been made to a
brother of Mr. Peel.—Morning Herald.

KING'S COLLEGE.—We have pleasure in
allaying the apprehensions of the inhabitants of and around
the Regent's Park, who petitioned against the introduc•
tion into the midst of them of the learning and population
of King's College, by stating, that in all probability flit!
eastern side of garnesset-house will be the site of th's stale-
tule. ttr. Smirke is actively employed in making de-
signs;, nod we trust to see this fine blinding speedily Com-,
plated for this excellent establishment. The situation is
central and good.—Literary Gazette, Jan. 24.

On Saturday morning whilst the church of
St. Mary's, Newington, was being cleaned by a woman
employed for that purpose, some thief or thieves intro-
duced then:saves and abstracted the rector's gown, surplice,
mssock, and canonical apparel, with which they got clear
off, though it was at first suspeeted tkey had remained hidden
in the church. The Communion plate is safe.
A favourite mare of Mr. Edward Jones, of

Kevingsuran, Radnorshire, brought, in June last, two foals
by !Spectre, one dead, the skull being broke; it was about
the size of a la►ub, and with long legs. The other grows
very fast, and is likely to make an excellent racer. • The
same mare has had eighteen foals in seven years, and only
one dead.

A young man named Bard, of Birdhatn, has,
for some time past, annoyed a daughter of Air. Fogden, at
the King's Head Inn, Chichester, with his addresses,
whech having been rejected, he, on Thursday morning,
bought a large clasp knife, and, going to the inn, called
for a pint of beer, when he took the opportunity, unper-
ceived by any one, of following the object of his affection
into a bed-room; where, seizing her by the throat, it wax
his evident intention to murder her. Miss F. was un-
able to scream, from the tightness of the madman's grasp ;
hut, providentially, one of her sisters, who s .1 in an ad-
joining room, famling, from the noise caused by her
strugOes, that die was ill, hastened to the door ; . when,
on finding it fastened, she gave au alarm, and it was
broken open. Amidst the consternation which ensued,
Bard contrived to Nff,ct, his escape ; but the police are in
pursuit of hint. Miss F., with the except:on of the dread
fill fright she experienced, via: unhurt..—Brighton Rcrad.
