FRENCH FiJNII3.-JUNE 7.

Five per Cents. :Oened - 83 f. sc.
Highest

Lowest B7 f. 90 c.

Closed at BB f. c.
Bank Stock
Neapolitan Stock .. 761. • •
Exchange on London—Ohe Month... 25 f. 85 c.
Three Months 25 f. 65 c.

We regret exceedingly to observe, from recent
proceedings in Parliament, that the new and
spurious theories in Political conomy are making
daily progress. We made some remarks the
other day on the unwise determination which
seems to have been formed for getting rid of the
Spitalfields Act, instead of extending the operation
of that Act over the whole of the Silk Manufac.
tare, and, if required, over every branch of
industry in the kingdom. SinCe then, the
" Reciprocity qf Duties Bill" has gone through
a Committee of the House of Commons, with
every appearance of being speedily passed into a
law, almost without opposition. As far as we can
understand from the debate respecting it (for we
have not yet seen the Bill itself), it would seem
that it is intended to place not only the ship-
ping, but the manufactures also, of this and other
countries on the same footing ! Last night, again,
the motion for granting a Committee to examine the
case of the Spitalfields Weavers, was negatived by a
majority of GS to 60, and the Bill for repealing the
Spitalfields Act was appointed to be read a third
time on Wednesday. We would earnestly implore
the House to pause even yet, before it accom-
plishes a measure which is most assuredly not
less fallacious in principle, notwithstanding the
confidence with which the contrary has been
maintained, than it will be found to be pernicious
in practice. We trust that the third reading of
the. Bill will be vigorously opposed, and either
that it will be thrown out for the present Ses-
sion, or that a Committee will still be obtained
for hearing evidence. As it is on principle
that the advocates of the Repeal Bill object to
a Committee, we can tell them that the
Weavers are prepared to prove, if reasonable
time .be allowed them, that the principle of the
existing law is correct,. and that on all sound
principles which will really bear investigation,
the present law ought to be continued. The
spurious reasonings of the fashionable Econo-
mists me really so weak and absurd, that we
are astonished that they impose for a single
day on Parliament or the country. Mr. Ri-
cAuno, for instance, says, us a sufficient

answer to the weavers, and as an inconf
trovertible proof of the soundness of his prin-
ciple, that, " no man has a right to come be,
tween the manufacturer and the labourer in order
to put an artificial price on labour."—Now, in
the first place, a price for labour is altogether
altogether the creature of
zation.—There is no NATURAL price for labour.
There is a natural 'reward for labour ; but
that consists of the whole of the amount pro,
duced
.by labour. Secondly, if we say to the
labourers that the legislature has no right to in-
terpose between them and their employers, thtf
labourers may retort, that in that case the legise
lature can have no right to interpose between
them and the possession
.of the land ! Mr. Rt-
c.tano will reply, that no principle can be more
sound than this, That property is entitled to the
protection of law 44 Very well," rejoins the
labourer, 44 my industry is my property,—is my
sole possession:—thee interests of myself fad of my
family,—our very existencey—demand that I shall
be fairly remunerated for the exertion of my
strength. On' your owns principle, I demand that the
protection of law be extended over my property, of
which, from the circumstances of society, in the
absence of such protection, it is possible for other
persons to deprive me without the return of a
just equivalent." Here, then, we find that the
principle of Mr. RICARDO is directly subversive
of the rights and laws of property, while the prin-
ciple of the poor weavers is precisely the same
with that on which the laws for the protection of
property are founded!

THE KING 7.). JOGLIFFE.-ThiS important case
came on'yesterday for argument in the Court of
King's Bench. The principal points were, Whe.
ther the Steward of the Court Leet, who is the
Judge of the Court, can legally nominate the
Leet Jury ? and, secondly, Whether, having so
nominated them, he can legally remain with
them during their deliberations, to assist and
direct them in forming their presentments ? and
the Court decided, that though the general prac-
tice was for the Bailiff of the Leet to nominate
and summon the Jury, the mem which had
been proved to exist in the Borough of Peters-

4ek tor the last twenty years sanctioned a de-
viation from it, and authorized the Steward, who
is appointed by the Lord of the Manor, to exer-
Oise this privilege, which involves the power, of
nominating the` Returning Officer at the election
of Members of Parliament for the Borough. -As
it is a question of very general importance, and
similar qtiestions In other boroughs depended
upon the issue of this case, we shall In the coarse
of a few days present our Readers with a full
report of the arguments; at present we abstain
from observation on the effect of the decision,
either in a legal or constitutional point of view,
hut refer our Readers to the discussions on
Scotch Juries, which were alluded to by the de-
fendant's Counsel in justification of the practice
at Petersfield. We pretend not to say how far
the cases are analogous, but as some analogy be-
tween them has been discovered, we trust that
when the system which has been so much com-
plained of in Scotland, and which has been in-.
troductory of so many inconveniences and gross
absurdities, comes under the review of the Legis-
lature, it will not be forgotten that it extends.
to English Boroughs, and is there used as the
principal means for obstructing the fair and legi-
timate exercise of the elective franchise. In the
mean time, we hope, and indeed we have no
doubt, that the present case will be carried into
the House of Lords, that the important questions
which it involves may be decided by the highest
Tribunal in the Country.

LORD COCHRANE'S FAREWELL- LE'T'TER

TO TUE CAPTAINS AND OFFICERS Ot:;,TliE NAVY OP

( A bs (ra et, )

GENTLEMEN—As I am now about to take my leave Or you,
at least for a time, I cannot refrain from expressing my satis.
faction at the cheerful manner hi. illicit the service has been
carried on, the unanimity which has prevailed, and the zeal
which on all trying occasions you have shewn. These have
compensated me for the difficulties which I have had to con-
tend with, and which, I am confident, have been such as never
presented themselves in any other service. Your patience and
perseverance under privations of all kinds are such as Chili had
no right to expect, and such as no other country experiences,
even from its own subjects. In all maritime states the strictest
attention to the necessities of officers and men, regularity. of
pay, and adequate rewards for services, are deemed neces-
sary as incitements to perseverance and the achievement of
effective heroic exploits ; but your exertions and performances
have been independent of all these inducements. Gentlemen,,
by our united exertions, the naval power of the enemy in thde
seas, though superior to our own, has been annihilated ! and
the commerce of the Pacific is every where carried on under
the protection of the Independent flag. To me it is highly
gratifying to reflect that those services have not been sullied by
an act of illegality or impropriety on our part t and that, while
you have asserted the rights of Chili, and maintained and
confirmed her Independence, you have so conducted yourselves
as uniformly to preserve the stricte.st harmony and goO44.llow-
ship with officers of the ships tit war of all neutraratates.
The services which you have rendered to Chili will,lloW6ver,
be better appreciated at a future period, when the passions
which now actuate individuals shall cease to influence, and when
your honourable motives shall no longer be felt as a reproach by
those whose selfishness has withheld the rewards of your
fidelity, and whose jealousy has denied you even the official
expression of public approbation. In taking my leave of you
and them, I have only to add, that if I have not been able to
evince my gratitude so fully as I plight, it has not been owing
to any deficiency of zeal, but to circtunstances over which I had
no con troul.
Valparaiso, Jan. 10, 1023. COCIIRANE.

THE KlNG.—(Windsor, June 9.)-111S
JESTY, attended by Sir WILLIAM KNIGHTON,
arrived at the Royal Lodge in Windsor Great
Park, at a quarter before eight o'clock on Satur-
day evening ; and, we are happy to state, in much
better health than could have been anticipated
from such a ride after so serious an indisposition.
The KING'S arrival was celebrated in Windsor,
Egham, &c. by the ringing of the bells and illu-
minations.

His Majesty's yachts the Royal George and
Prince Regent, Captains CAPEL and Sir MzcitA EL
SEYMOUR, are ordered to be fitted at Portsmouth
for sea.service.

The Princess AUGUSTA is now on her return to
England by way of Homburgh and Ludwigs-
burg. The Duke of CAMBRIDGE accompanies
her to Gottingen.
Yesterday afternoon the Duke of YORK left
town for Frogmore, the residence of her Royal
Highness the Princess AUGUSTA, where his !Loyal
Highness will remain during the Ascot Races,
and will entertain a numerous party of friends,
the same as his Royal Highness was in the habit
of doing at Oatlandr.
Yesterday afternoon, at half-past two o'clock,
Prince LEOPOLD, accompanied by Sir ltonEwr
GARDINER and Sir HENRY SETON, left town for
Claremont.

DEATH of JUDGE FLETcima.—The venerable
Judge FLETCHER died ut his house in Merrion-
square, Dublin, at six o'clock on Friday last. It
is thought Sergeant TORRENS will be his succes-
sor. Sergeant LLOYD IS also spoken of. Judge
14%mi-um was elevated to the Bench in the year
1806, by the Duke of BEDFORDI who was then
Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.

ARGYLL Rooms.—Mr. PISTRUCCI last night
repeated the exhibition of his extraordinary
power of Improvisation. His subjects were well
chosen, and his transitions from one to another
were so rapid, and yet so well arranged, that no
description would do justice to his judgment,
talents, and taste. He allowed live or six
persons each to select a subject, and to
write according to his dictation. When ail were
prepared he commenced his theme, in which he
contrived to interweave all the different subjects,
and when the whole was finished, each part per
se formed a complete theme. The final effort
was an admirable Impromptu on Sympathy.—
The audience testified the warmest applause,
which was but a due tribute to the merit of this
surprising Performer.
Hoantacc OUTRAGC—Last night an armed
party attacked the house of litcuAan Cnorrs,
Esq. (father of the Sheriff elect of this city) si-
tuated near Ballybeg Glyn, and on the high
Mail-Ccach Road between Mallow and Butte-
vent. Mr. CROFTS, not having any arms, was
obliged to admit them, and, on their demanding
101. in money, which he refused to give, alleging
that he had it not, one of the ruffians fired at
him, the shot took effect, and we deeply regret
to kat*, that he was con;idered in imminent
danger at the time the messenger left him. He
was a most respectable gentleman, of mild and
amiable manners, and, we have heard, remark-
ably popular among' the lower classes.—Who
then can reckon himself safe in this crusade
against life and property ?—Cork Mercantile
Chronicle) June

• . A.IxPEAt,
TO THE `PEOPLE OF GREAT

- - - --
• I haVe arrived from Spain, and I come only to
plead, the cause of my country before a great and generous
..
people, among whom liberty and independence have always
found and always will find a firm support. Not that this sacred
cause can have avowed enemies in England ; not that the Eng-
lish People can be cold spectators` of the contest in which we
are engaged ; but in the midst of that interest *which the cause
of Spain, nspirea amongst Englishmen, it may, perhaps, still
be demonatrated to them how important to themselves and to
the general -Collie of liberty, at the head of which they are
placed, are the questions enveloped in the great question of the
day, Perhaps they are not sufficiently aware of the danger
with 'Which they themselves ire menaced. Notwithstanding
the solidity of their Constitution, and .the immense pros-
perity which tlsey enjoy, perhaps the eftbrts of the French
police to distort facts, to weaken the interest which our
situation inspires, and to alienate the minds of others from
us, may at length be crowned with some success in England.
'Dins we :may have enemies that neither Mina, Morino, nor
Ballasteros can combat, and so much. the more dangerous be-
cause their progress is more tortuous, and their conduct more
perfidious. Let us endeavour to beat down these obstacles
which prevent the frank, energetic, and active cOoperation of
the people of Great Britain in the cause of the. Peninsula--a
cooperation which that people oWe to their glory-rto the rank
which they occupy amongst civilized nations, and to the basis
on which Is founded their own immortal Constitution I
It is not the restitution of :Ferdinand to a throne, -on which
he cannot maintain himself, but by the excesses of despotism
And the
.phantoms of superstition—it is not the defence of reli-
gion, which the Spaniards have not ceased to revere—it is not
the repelling an attack trade upon them withOtit any just
ground, which have excited against the Spanish people the
sanguinary fnry of the monarchs of Europe. It is the re•esta-
blianent of the great principle of the sovereignty of the people
---a principle to which they o e their crowns, preserved to them
by the Spaniards in 1814, bu a principle which they regard as
a most horrible attack upm their -chimerical legitimacy, and
which has put in motion so limy Congresses, so many notes,
so many diplomatic intrigue which has setin action $0 many
passions, and the destructionv of which is nevi regarded in the
Cafiinets as the rise quo noniof royalty
In this
so much strength, so much happiness, they see nothing but
the general rising of the weak against the strong, the .universal
conspiracy of general interesttagainst, the interests of a small ,
number of families, the approaching ruin of a power which I
can only be sustained .through the blindness of large masses
of people, the termination of
.all the abuses on which the
two Colossi of -absolute power and fiinatieism are founded,
and the 'restitution of nations:ollldr ancient dignity, which
is utterly. incompatible with 7that false dignity with which
it is wished r 4 enviroq thrones, and the high ranks that
.surround them. They endeaVOured not only to put in motion
all the passions, but to sustain them out of the substance of
. the people. These passions'ivere simultaneously awakened
in those resorts of degraded linings which are called 'Courts.—
They wafted every where the spirit of' vengeance, and lifted
fire axe of the executioner. Fear magnified in the eyes of thOSe
,Whose interests were menaced—the objects of their indignation.
"They fulminated an anathema against all nations, because all
had wrongs to avenge and rights to defend—they saw every
where secret understandings, mysterious correspondence, poig-
tiaras raised against the hearts ',of the powerful—they decided
to lay the axe . to the root, and the destruction of Spain was
sanctioned by the unanimous consent of the oppressors of man. l'
kind. By diplomatic transactions, of which they scarcely took
the trouble to veil the odious character, they pretended to con-
vert this. immense conspiracy into a private quarrel between a
foreign King and an inoffensive Nation. Spain was to he sa-
crificed in hecatothb before the throne of Louis XVIII., whilst
the real idol extended from the banks of the Tiber to the vici-
nage of the Pole. It was undoubtedly a heavy load of prosti.
tution and of vice to lay upqn so execrable a Ministry ; but
there was an abundance of dualities that Were all a Monarch
could desire.

Now that the most infamous perfidy has been exhausted to
give to this aggression a colour of justice and necessity, now
that foreign armies have invaded the territory of an innocent
nation, now that all the train Of despotism is in motion to
strike that blow on which it stakes its existence and its pre.
servation, it remains to fix the point where this criminal en-
terprise shall be stopped. Lo4king to ourselves we know to
what we shall be led ; we knew perfectly well the fate 'which
awaits us, should we be capable of retrograding , in the
,ioad,of honour. The Inquisition, with all the refinements
of ila'barbarous cruelty, privileges with all the depredations
which accompany then), absolute power, with all dm ragkof
its recriminations, and all. the absurdity of its caprices,
the degradation of slavery, the inevitable blind ilsnorance
of a Jesuitical and lijgotted o,zeatian, the infernal al.
liance of -French Ultraiint with otir""ehrtating Monarchism,
executions for the most innocent thought, espionage, de-
nunciations; such is doubtless the civil and political existence
destined for us. But shall we be the only objects of the frehzied
vengeance of the Bourbons of France ? W ill they return the
sword to its scabbard, after they have torn the pact which con.
netts together .all our interests, and in which our existence as a
nation is based ? No, they will still go on, they are opposed
not only to the Spanish Constitution; but to all Constitutions,
because every Constitution suPPoaes, if not the generaliwill,
at least a certain respect for the general interests, whilst
they look to no other interests than those of their decrepid
dynasty, and those of absolute power, with which the exist.
ence of that dynasty is identified. Wherever in the pro-
gress of human reason, the germs of independence, and of
Elm love of country have been developed, the Bourbons of
France would find eneinies whose destruction would be in-
sought to be established, the
dispentible to their preservation wherever the truth was
Bourbons
of France would
hasten to extinguish its light in torrents of human blood ;
—wherever there was hatred of Jesuits, the Bourbons of
France would fly to the aid of their allies ; wherever the words
justice, truth, and economy were -pronounced with respect, the
Bourbons of France would gorge the scaffolds, and regard such
nations as associations Of criminals' or as the resorts of wild beasts.
And this abhorred dogma of the sovereignty of the people,
what will they not do to efface it from the remembrance at
? The abolition of all the acts which emanate from it,
hostility against all the ideas resulting from it, such are the
means which must be carried into operation to assuage the
anger excited in the upholders of despotism by this principle of
the common law lumPe, which is nothing in itself but a
Very simple rule of sound reason. The Constitutions of Ger-
many and the Netherlands would disappear, without leav-
ing the least trace of their existence. France would drink
to the last dregs that cufg of ignominy and degradation,
of which it is now ng large draughts, under the
illusory regime of a violated charter ; and you, also, English.
men, you whose arms and treasure
have replaced on their
throne that race, which,
happily for mankind, is about to be
extinguished in obsurity and debasement, you alsowould be..come the objects of its fury, and of all it vengeance.
Amongst you the principle of the sovereigmty of the people
has been sanctioned in an unassailable manner.,--by the results
of yew. glorious Revolution—by the choice of the Dynasty to
whom you have confided the reins of Gevernment—by the tin.
mense prosperity which you enjoy—by the solidity of your
rights—and by the moral influence which you exercise over all
the nations of the world. q'his Is therefore a crime for which
you will never be pardoned in the .t.tr Chamber of the Pay
villon Menu, and no effort will be spared to make you
pay, dear for the triumph of a political theory to which yon
owe such a mass of happiness. Undoubtedly your maritime
and territorial powers place you beyond the reach of any
attack. Undoubtedly a breath would suffice you to reduce
that throne which you erected against the general opinion of
the civilized world ; but do you believe that the enemies of
liberty have no other arms than.swords and cannon ? Do you
believe that they would combat fate to face that Colossus of
power which you have founded upon liberal ideas? No, the
persecutors of liberty are also the corruptors of public morals.
They knew how to dissever, by means of seduction, ties which
they dare not break. Their influence is a subtle poison which
introduces itself every where, which corrupts all, and against
which it is impossible to guard. You have morals, you have
a firm Government, you have Representatives who watch over
your interests and your happiness ; but are these obstacles to
that which respects no barrier; and the whole of the morality of
which lies in individual expediency P Let them destroy, liberty
on the Continent, and they would then destroy your influence,
which is so much the more energetic, in proportion us the na-
tions with whom you are allied are more free and more en-
lightened. Let them annihilate the doctrine of the sovereignty •
of the people, and they would soon not acknowledge you as a
sovereign people, who have freed yourselves from unworthy
tutelage, and placed on the throne a dynasty of yOur choice.
Let them exterminate liberty of conscience and the freedom of
the press, and they would regards nur island where these va-
luable guarantees would be prnal as an immense focus
of revolution and of anarchy. Let them destroy the Cram.
stitution of Spain, and the other .Constitutions, or 'mita-
tions of Constitutions, which exist in Europe t• they would
soon think it very astonishing that you should have a
Constitution, and they would direct against you that ha_
tied which you would find not More inveterate than ex-
tensive. The general blockade, the Continental plan would
then he carried into effect, not by bayonets, or the diplomacy
of Napoleon, but by spies and inquisitors, by Monks and
executioners. They would make upon you a war of fanati-
cism and intolerance; they would direct against you the hatred
of superstition', and the dark machinations of the polite. You

would have to combat against a new age of barbaris ni-ragainet
the interests of all the social supenonties—against the thun-
ders of Rome, launched by the hands of Cossack -etegainst the
invisible action of an inquisitoriel diplomacy—sagainst Europe,
combined under the yoke of, despotism, degraded by Slavery,
led astray by fanatical ideas, and made to avenge the wrongs
of its iniquitous oppressors, It is with Spain that this anti-
social system has conimeneed. Ni'ho shall say where it will
terminate—who Can mark out the line Where its influence Wilt'
be stopped ?
The cause:of Spain is, therefore, the cause of all nations,
which have not renounced all sense of their dignity—.-it j still
shore the cantle of England, which naturally places it:lel?, both
by its priority in the road of liberty, and by the empire which
it exercises, founded in liberal ideas, at the head of all nations,
Who Jovethem, anti who expect through their menus a long
career of prosperity.
It iv not, therefore, as a humble mendicant, Englishmen,
that Spain presents herself befbre you, to implore your benevo-
lence, but as a sister who spews to you her wounds, inflicted
on her by an enemy who is also your's, and as a friend who
claims your co-operation in defence- of rights similar to your
own. hlie,itnot abandoned and left without resource; she has
on her side her love for liberty, her invincible courage, her vir-
tues-but youi decision in her favour twist sanction the dis.
avowal which you have made of the oppression of which it is
sought to render her the victim ; and you must let the whole
world see that her Cause is no other than your's—the enemies
of liberty must recognize in you its advanced posts, its most
jealous defenders, its most ardent friends. Liberty is one ;
the blows aimed at it on the Banks of the Tagus will be felt on
the Banks of the Thames. Repel these base attacks—pronounce
from the height of your power a terrible anathema—strike at
those ridiculous individuals who, perhaps, reckon upon your
silence andyour inactivity. let them see that you know how
to act and to conduct yourselves, when you find compromised
the general interests of humanity—demonstrate to them that
they cannot attack with impunity the sacred soil upon which
you have founded that vast edifice of your prosperity, your
morals, and your laws.
Your silence under these circumstances would be the t ienach
of aristocratical principles which the Bourbons of Fraoce and
their protectors, the tyrants of the North, would erect in the
place of that public reason, which repels the ideas of feudal
tyranny and oppression. Your silence would encourage all the
enterprises which may henceforth be directed against the poll.
deal existence of nations. Youir silence would afflict, and fill
with apprehension all free and virtuous men. Your silence, in
fillort, would be a tacit abdication of the superiority which you
exercise over the political state of Europe. For this influence,
of Which you are justly proud, because it is the result of your
wise Constitution,—this influence, which your wealth, your
industry, and your maritime power give yqu—is a blessing
for all mankind, if it serve as a barrier to the ambitious
views of the despots, and to their sanguinary vengeance ;
but it becomes a scourge, and a public calamity, if at aban-
dons itself to a criminal repose, *lien all the foundations
of morality are shaken, when social existence is about to be
merged in the depth of despotism, when the nations which have
shared danger and glory with you, are exposed to the attacks
of a ferocious violence, which is preparing for them chains more
degrading than those which at another period excited your in-
dignation, and impelled you to take arms with a noble enthu_
siasm which will ever reflect honour on the generosity of year
sentiments. The oppressors regard you still more attentively
than the oppressed i they study your Movements; they wateh
your conduct. Remain tranquil; be mute spectators of
the struggle in the Peninsula, and you will see what in-
fernal joy will appear in their writings and their language.
But if .proud of your name and of the recollections connected
with yoUr history, you take the only attitude which be-
comes you; if 'the names of Talavera and Vittdria are not
effaced irons your nunnory ; if public opinion, of which the in-
fluence is so powerful in your country, 'wires that noble cou-
rage which has already been crowned with samany laurels in
my native land, then you will witness the destruction of that ins.
menso machinery which has been elevated without your parti.
ciliation, to erect the tomb of liberty; then you will make those
tyrants tremble on their thrones, who never believe them
'trolly established, but when they ere connected by slavery anti
carnage i then hymns of gratitude will be addressed to you
from all quarters of the earth, by all whose feelings are not de-
graded by a debasing eubjection. But if we must descend from
these high considerations to others which are intimately con-
nected with your interests, it, would be easy to demonstrate
how much those interests arc endangered, hciw much the sources
of your prosperity arc compromised if Continental. Despotism
can indulge without restraint in all its rash desires. And if we
turn our eyes towards Portugal, and' title of Its future condition,
if the French armies should triumph in the rest of the Penin-
.sula, do you imagine that the Bourbons of Fiance would respect
the assurances of peace and godd.will they have lavished towards
the Cabinet of Lisbon ? Del you believe that this Cabinet
would obtain a secure and independent existencee as a come'
pensation for the inconceivable apathy with which it regards
the cause of Spain ? Do you believe, in short, that you would
be permitted to exercise over Portugal that unbounned influ-
ence, which his been for ages one of the essential foundations
of your policy ? Know better the serpents, which you have
generously warmed in your bosom. Once masters of Spain,
the Bourbons would recompence, by the subjection of Portugal,
by the total abolition of their new institutions, the unaccount-
able deference which they have °fit:tined from the present Mi-
nisters at Lisbon. ,Enemitis of the English name, and of F.ng.
lish commerce, would fill the poets and towns: They would
persecute in English influence, and in all the relations with
England the dissemination of enlightened and liberal ideas:
This conjecture is not chimerical. Comiider the spring which
sets in motion the force of France. Look at Russia, half civi-
lized, Russia, without finances, without soy inherent than that
Which a Banker of London len& her ; see her working in
secret to • obeein fresh aggrandieetnent; view her effort*: to ex-
tend lice powev to those southern regions from which the first
sparks of liberal ideas burst forth, and say if you believe her to
be so discreet in her views, so moderate in her plane as to re-
nounce the advantages which she might derive from time triumph
of the French Armies in die Peninsula. For who can be ignorant
that the present Government of Franc .1 is only a blind Instru.
ment of the policy of the Cabinet of' St Peterehurgh ? And where
will the seal of the Valdes and the Chateaubriands stop, when
they see themselves supported and emboldened by a power
which makes slavery the essential basis of its existence Now,
all these ideas of passive obedience, of blind devotion to those
who rule, are diametrically opposed to, and absolutely ineom.
patible with the liberal spirit of your institutions, with which
your civil and commercial relations are impregnated. Russia
and France will never think their system consolidated as long
as a corner of Continental Europe shall remain under the in.
fluence of England. In 1814 your Ministry required from Fer-
dinand that the blood of the Liberals should not be spilt; and
do you believe that the Bourbons would wish to see themselves
exposed to receive a similar invitation, so contrary to their
diameter and to their views ? And do you believe that they
will not make every imaginable effort to put it out of your
power to do so ?
And see how they labour already to discourage the public
spirit in England with reference to the cause of Spain. Their
ridiculous lies, their false reports,. circulate every day, In your
public jouenals, while whole months elapse without any intelli-
gence from Spain appearing in theni. At length these daily
impressions influence the general opinion, and for my. own part
I can assuro you that nothing equalled my surprise on landing
in England, to obs ave the false notions which prevail in many
of your political circles, with respect to the situation of Spain.
I have heard of discouragement, of failure of. resources, of I
know not what dispositions on the part of the new Ministers and
of the Cortes to subunit to the views of Franee. Permit me to
pause a little on there Important points, and to subMit some
facts to you, insteiulof those vague ideas with which the chinion
of the people of England is poisoned. Spain presents at Present
many points of resistance and of attack. Catalonia is de•
fended by the heroic Mina at the head of 22,001 Y veterans, the
number of which he has not chosen to augment; in his rear
the battalions of the brave Cantina's, well disciplined, excellent
marksmen, and jealous as they el says have been of their in-
dependence, occupy the mountains, and make incursions in the
pietas, intercepting every where the convoys anti communica-
tions and continually barrissing the detached corps of the
enemy. All those operations are made in unison with the
brave Ballasteros, who occupies. the ancient kingdom of Va.
lentia, a country fruitful in resources of every kind, where he
is organizing the army which is to fall on' the left wing of the
French, if they should advance towards .Andalusia. The
strong places of time Northern province a:e in our possession,
and are to be considered as so many strong points Warp:a
to the Guerillas that occupy these provinces. Galicia conies
next with her inaccessible mountains ; with her ierious,
devoted, and warlike population. There Morello yrepares
those bold strokes, those unexpected movements, Which have
placed him at the head of the best Generals of modern times.—
On his right, in the beautiful forest Eetreinatiura, are the can-
tonments of the army of Abisbal, an army which, whatever may
become of its Chief, will never abandon the cause of Liberty,.
for the troops which compose it have signaliied more than once
their courage anti their enthusiasm, which the French them-
selves have been compelled to admit, when desirous of stating
as certain the defection of that Chief, Which is not yet ascer-
tained, they declared that he. was abandoned by his troops.—
Andalusia, that vast focus of patriotism and love of liberty, la- .
vishet her resources on the brave Villactunpa, charged with the
honourable task of defending to thelitst extremitythe asylurn of
the King and of the National Congress,' In ,the interior of
Spain, the ancient Chiefs of the Guerillas have eciumed Omir
influence and their
.positicirise The Empecinado acts Old
Castile, and Chalicom La Mancha. Numerous armed Anti wella
disciplined bands have gone forth from Madrid and other an.
portant towns. ,Among them we see a considerable number of
men who have declared openly for the cause- of Liberty,

•
and who will not forfeit their principles, and remain at luime
exposed to the rage of the factious. Eighty thousand raw re-
cruits, discouraged by the prospect of a national ware—eighty
thousand men commanded by a Prince, and by Generals with-
out talents, have been rashly thrown into the midst of these
numerous elements of destruction: And yet we are told of the
discouragement of those who see themselves so superior ! And
iris attempted to persuade us that thoie who have resisted all
the power of Europe, will yield to a handful of slaves !
The Cetus, who have frustrated the plani or inteige.rs by
their retreat in Andalusia; the Cones, who shortly before their
deparuire for Madrid, declared in so ndble and energetic a
manner their firm attachment to the Contitution ; the tortes,
who see thernselveS surrounded by an Cnithusiarttic population,
by a brave and numerous army ; the Cones are to sully their
glorious Career by a 'mite desertion of those principles which
they have promulenited in the face of all Europe ! The Cortes,
who see the Spanish arms triumphant in every part of the Pen-
insula; are gratuitously to go and offer an Ignominious homage
to the foreigners whom they. see ready to be Oterwhelined by
the explosion of the patriotism of the nation and the army !
Men do not act in this way ; such conduct is contrary to all
that we know of the human heart. It is never the conqueror
who submits to the conditions of the Conquered ; it is never
• the stronger who listenes to the imperious dictates of their
weaker antagonists. •
With respect to the new Ministry, it is enough'io merge' Cae
tmva and Tantliola, to be assured that men whirefteate suffered
long and cruel perse,cutidn' for the Constitution, cannot be
disposed to throw it away, merely becaue& it so pleases a Go-
vernment, which can only maintain Welt by the terror of arms;
and the infamies of its police.
Thus vanish the chimeras with which it is attempted to delude
, .
the people of England, to paralyse the noble enrhusiasni of
their generosity' and to disincline thein more anti More front
a cause which they ought to regard as their own, and to defend
as they would defend the basis ef their own political exist'.
ence. In vain is it attempted to give a ludicrous aspect to the-
interest which you take in our catuie, and to compare your,aid
and succour to that which it affbrded to mendicants. One of
Those .Journals which disgrace the press by their prostitution tO,
power, has attempted this unworthy cipedition to. Check you',
zeal, and arrest your activity. Hitt under this appearance of
ridicule is concealed i'real fear of seeing yoii stretch a friend
towards us ; of seeing you come to our aid and defence,; for
they well know that there i§ no moral force in the world cont.:
pitiable to that which the people of England eiereise, not only
ovtr their own GoVernment, MA over all the civilized nations
of Europe, and they well know, too, And the nations in general
do not yield td the limited VieWi of a gloomy policy—to the
puerile intrigues of Cribineesto die ineitlions nuteceuvree
of diplomacy ; that great moral ideas, the general interests of
humanity, and the crimes Of ambition can aldne put them in
motion ; and that when once roused from their hahithal apathy
by these powerful leverse every thing yields to their just wrath.
Ihe power of conquerors eatushei like a breath of wind; and
the assuming dexterity of negociations and congresses stems
only the impotent efibrt of a puerile ambition.
You have proved these truths by an example ever memorable
-.-when, by a general and spontaneous movement, you flew to
our aid ; you were prodial of blood and your treasure
wLen the policy of Napoleon would have subjected you to his
vittorious car. You then saw nothing but the enormity of the
crime, and you.• knew that it belonged to you to punish it anal
at env. the .offence cduanitted against all the nations of the
earth. And can we compere the war in 1088 with that of the
pie sent period ? Then, at least, the Gothicism of our institu:
tionl----the absurd arbitrary power Which weighed Upon out
heads—the dissensions in the Royal Family, gave tome spe-
cious pretexts to the astonishing man who mine to restore
public tranquility and cement social happiness ip a neigh's
bouring nation; but what do the Bourbons of Franc: seek,
except to plunge us into barbarism, and establish amongst
us that fantastic divine eightthat inconceivable legitimacy,
under the shadow of which they think that every thing is per..
witted to them, and that every thing belongs to them. Under
what pretext can it be sought to destroy the institutions of 'a
people who seek to create them by the force of their will
end by the unanimous consent of all individual's ? anti bow can
a Government meddle in the affairs of a neighbouring people,
when it htis violated all the pacts entered into with that which
it governs--when it hash drawn upon it more and more their
execration; and when it only rules by overburdening than
with onerous taxes—by destroying, the natural representation,
anti covering the unfortunate soil with scaffolds and dentin.;
ciators ? Such is the dreadful state of circumstances, caused
by Princes imbued with fatal maxims, who will tints pre-
cipitate their *nasty from that Throne M which they
Were restored by A deplorable policy ; and such is the per.:
spective which they oiler to that noble and generous Spain.
who has signalised in all ages, and by so many striking
amplest her love for hidependenEe. No, such a scandal will
not be afforded in this age of intelligence, and when we see
fizure at the head of European policy a magnanimoui
.people,
whose wise institutions are founded precisely upon principlesincompatible with the sacrilegious policy of the French Govern-
ment. No, England will not tranquilly witness this sane
guinery contest, in which her cause is attacked and her into=
tests nienatied. The impulse has been given in the capital ; is
will be followed throughout the English territories.
It is by this splendid act Of your will and your power that
you will put down at a single blow the rash and melancholy'
system of the Monarchs of the North—aft is, thus thiti 1-6 ti will
felegate to dui ice of the Pole the base slavery with which all
the nations of the Continent are menaced—it is thus that you
will preserve your superiority, anti that you will enlarge the
sphere of your Influence, accompanying it by all the bitsaingi
which arc the necessary consequence of toleration, pinlosephy,
liberty, knowledge, and independence..
JOSEPH JOACIIIM DE 1110 BA.
London, June 8, 1823.
