[MORNING HERA LD.)

We are glad to see so many Petitions against
the Catholic Claims now pouring into both
Houses—not hut that we would open the-door
to the Catholics, so far as civil offices were con-
cerned ; but we do not like the idea of taking
into our pay another Clerical Establishment,espe-
cially when the hulk of the people are already
sufficiently discontented at being compelled to
pay tithes to their own clergy. Under such cir-
cumstances we think the Irish part of the Minis-
try must be a little beside themselves to pro-
pose such a wing as the clerical wing, to accom-.
pauy the Bill for the removal of the Catholic dis-
abilities. What are the Methodists, the Baptists,
the Presbyterians, the Quakers, the Shakers,
the Dippers, the Anti-Dipper;„ and all the other
Sects of Christians about, that they do not send
Bills to Lord Cower, for the purpose of being
relieved from the payment of their respective
clergy, and for putting the latter upon the State
books ? Surely, if the Priests of Anti-Christ are
to be paid, why should not the Priests be paid
who oppose Anti-Christ ? If the Anti-Christ wing
should -pass into a law, what will become of
Mr. Hume's hobby with respect to looking into
the revenues of the Protestant Church ? Have
Messrs. Canning, Plunkett, and Croker contriv-
ed this wing in order to knock Mr. Hume's
hobby from under him ? Have they also contriv-
ed it in order to relieve the Rev. Mr. Wilson
from the opposition of widows to the payment of
City tithes ? Have they also brought in this wing
to pay the Priests of Anti-Christ, in order to
stop the mouths of Messrs. Hurcombe, Galloway,
and the other part and parcel of Civic Patriotism?
For if provision is to be made for the priests of
Anti-Christ, how can that portion of Civic wis-
dom ever after find fault witty Protestant Pastors
for receiving 2s. 9d. in the pound, under the
Act of that summary reformer of the Church,
Ife-nry VIII:? We little thought that a
,wing for the payment of the Priests of
the unreformed Church would have accom-
-1 partied the proposition for removing the
civil disabilities of the Catholics, or we never
Would have written a single word in favour of
the '.latter proirosition. Bot we cannot help
thinking that it is a Ministerial -manoeuvre alto 7
gether7-a second edition Of the Aoti-slavery
nneStion. We hope the "Lord Chancellor and
Mr. • Peel will continue to set their faces against
this Catholic EMancipation measure, so long as
the wing to pay the priests. of sticki
to it. They "may *rely upon it, that the, secret
voice Of•the people is with them. Meso;s. CrOker,
Plunkett, and Canning may 'have humbugged Sir
and the patriotic
poriiOn of -the Civic body, but they have not
la-rod-Winked John Bull at large. iStor yet have.
tbe Irish De oration .befooled the great bulk
of -ifie.:opie of GC...at griCaii,. :jA. pretty,
indeed, that before we
:reCeilie, Irish
Gatlinliglhiaiiks lea)) he Parliament, or give
then) -silk piiiiA,..-(r_arid al 'the ye.ry time Iheragree-
'meta is 'going for.ii/ard for Such purposes, they

should stipulate for us to take into our pay their
priesthood!—this is commencing Emancipation,
with a vengeance. But if before the Irish Bar,
gets into Parliament, or gets silk gowns, it shows
us what it would be at, what will it not do when
it has got into Parliament, and has its silk gowns
on ?—" Give an inch and take an ell," is the old
adage : now, if, in the first instance, we give
250,0001. a year to the Priests of Anti-Christ,.
before their disciples get silk gowns, or sit in
Parliament, and if their disciples stipulate that
we shall give this quarter of a million, what
would be the next thing that they would want,
when the Catholic big-wigs are in Parliament,
and have power ?

[THE PUBLIC LEDGER.]
It is always with pleasure that we turn away
from the cant, hypocrisy; and sordid selfishness
of the political School of the Old World, to con-
template the fresh, vigorous, and unalloyed im-
pulses to action that now prevail upon the
theatre of the New. The actors resemble youth
in their generous unsuspecting confidence, as
well as in their disinterested views. They
have also the enthusiasm of that happy age ;
and to make men happy and moral is their
never-ceasing aim, and a stimulus to re-
newed exertions. Alas ! this period .of bright
visions and noble aspirings will pass away ; and
the New World will become the counter part of
the Old. Cunning will then. pass for wisdom,
selfishness for patriotism, and praise be subtract-
ed from the good, to be lavished upon the worth-
less. Then the Statesman, or Minister, who
never loved any thing but himself, will be cried
up as one of the most immaculate and the wisest
of 'politicians ; and in proportion as he undermin-
ed the happiness and liberties of his country,
would he be lauded for his enlightened zeal
in favour of both. As yet Colombia is a
stranger to these base arts ; and it is with inex-
pressible satisfaction, therefore, that we look at
the picture of her affairs. What can be more
admirable than the portrait of Bolivar ! Such dis-
interestedness,-such generous ardour, and yet so
much prudence and firmness ; that the more we
gaze at it, the more our admiration increases. In
the 01(1 World he would be treated as a danger-
ous visionary ; whilst ❑►en that cannot boast of a
single good quality, and never felt a generous im-
pulse in their lives, would accumulate in their own
persons the chief honours and emoluments of the
State, whilst he languished, perhaps, in inaction,
and pined in neglect. But, enough of this • the
new States present, in a commercial point of
view, an inexhaustible source of interest; and,
as they consolidate their independence, will the
benefits of their intercourse acquire expansion
and consistency. At present England is the fa-
voured nation, and as long as she retains her
reputation for liberal policy, her friendship will
be cherished in preference to that of every other
Power in the vast regions of America.

[TUE TI M ES.]
We have just concluded the painful task of
reading through a correspondence on the Slave
Trade, recently published by order of the House
of Commons. The result of that perusal upon
our judgment—(for of its effect upon our feelings
we will not speak)—is, that after all the labours
of this country, and of its most virtuous and dis-
tinguished citizens, for abolishing the above un-
natural and unholy traffic, we have gone thus
far—we have washed the blood from our own
consciences, we have withdrawn from the dread-
ful partnership, and have set an upright and hu-
mane example to mankind ; but.we have not dimi-
nished by one jot the mass of human guilt or of
human suffering. The slave trade flourishes with
as much horrible activity as at any former
period. England is clear of the pollution, it
is certain ; but somebody must have nerves to
declare the melancholy and mortifying truth--
from which all Englishmen of all parties are too
ready, if not to withhold their belief, at least to
turn aside their attention that the amount of 'A f-
rican misery has not been reduced a single par-
ticle : it has, on the contrary, if any thing, been
aggravated by the abolition of the 13ritish slave

trade. If the flag of England be no longer em-
ployed to cover this abomination, there is scarcely
another flag in Europe, or, with the exception
of the United States, out of Europe, by which
it is not masked from the researches of our,
men-of-war, or shielded from their forcible inter-
ference. France, Spain, Portugal, Holland, and
Brazil, all have been, and are apparently to this
hour, disgraced by the subserviency of their
national colours to the avarice of dealers in
Negro blood, and by the atrocious diligenCe of
their subject's in the work of desolation through-
out Africa. The evidence before us is not to be
questioned that wars are perpetually instigated
for the supply of slaves, who are furnished in
such abundance, that the price to the slave-
merchant varies only from half a dollar to between'
two and three dollars a piece. What, then, be-
comes of the beings thus wrested almost out of
the keeping of.their Maker ? They are crammed—
we might say potted—into the hold of a vessel,
where space is assigned to them, and for a voy-
age, be it remembered, across the Atlantic, in
the following proportions :—The ship Minerva,
of 270 tons, had a passport from the Emperor of
Brazil for 675 slaves, a little more than one-
third of a ton for each ! The brig Cerqueira, of
204 tons, was licensed for 761 slaves ! The
schooner A rola, 108 tuns, TIO slaves! Such is the
art of potting Negroes for use.

[Nrw Timcs."l
We have received letters and Papers from
Ilayti to the 26th of February. The leading
persons in that Island seem to feel great mortifi-
cation that their Independence, which has now
existed de facto two and twenty years, should not
be recognised by England, while that of several
South American States, which have been
scarcely a twelvemonth free, is acknow-
ledged by the sending of English Consuls and
agents to them. They attribute the different
conduct pursued in the two cases solely to
the difference of colour; the're are, however,
Some political causes which doubtless have
weight. As WP used every effort to induce the King
'of Spain to take the lead in recognising the inde-

pendence of his former possessions, so it would
doubtless be desirable that the King of France
should be. the first to acknowledge Hayti as an
independent power. We have _before us the
official documents published by the President
Boyer, illustrative of the late negociation. The
outline of them is within the recollection of our
readers; but we. will just notice a few particu-
lars. On the 28th April 1824, the President
delivered instructions to Messrs. Larose and
Rouanez . to proceed to France for the pur-
pose of negotiating a treaty for the recog-.
nition of Haytian Independence. They sail-
ed on the Ist of May following, and ar-
rived at Havre on the 14th of June, and
proceeded to St. Germain, from whence they
were summoned to Paris. At this time (7th
July) M. Esmaugart who was.charged to conduct
the negociation with them on the part of France,
gave them hopes that the independence of Hayti
would be formally recognised by a Royal Ordon-
nance. He made some difficulty about the amount
of the pecuniary indemnity which the Haytian Go-
vernment was to pay to the ancient Colonists, but
this was not considered as a serious obstacle. A
greater difficulty arose on the subject of the
Eastern (formerly Spanish) part of St. Domingo ;
and the French Government urged (with some
reason) that it could not stipulate for the King
of Spain. On the 31st of July the Deputies had
a conference with the Minister of -Marine,
M. de Clermont-Tonnerre, who for the
first time told them that the Ordonnan.ce re-
cognisiutr, the Independence, reserved to the
King of France the exterior Sovereignty. It
may easily be believed that the Haytian Deputies
protested against this principle. On the 3d of
August the French Government put an end to the
negotiations on a pretext that the powers of the
Deputies were insufficient to treat, and they ac-
cordingly returned to Hayti. It appears that

the inhabitants of that Island entertain serious
apprehensions of another French invasion. We
believe their fears are quite chimerical: never-
theless, it is right they should let the world know,
that they are prepared to encounter such a dan-
ger, if it should ever arrive. The knowledge of
this fact may go a great way towards preventing
so mad an attempt.

THE ROYAL NAVY.
