COALS.

Mr. LAMBTON gave notice of a motion for next Session,
fora Committee to consider of equalizing duties on •coals
carried by canals or coastwise.

BANK OF SCOTLAND.

Mr. F. DOUGLAS moved for au account, with the list of
Proprietors of the Scotch Royal Bank, since April sty speci-
fying particulars of stock.—Ordered.

REFORM IN PARLIAMENT.

Sir F. Butstoarr then rose to bring forward his
motion on this subject, and observed, that the
Resolution which he held in his hand was, in his
opinion, so consistent with the Constitution, and
the source from which he had drawn it so high,
that he thought it never could be objected to.—
He bad founded his Resolution on what had fallen
from the highest authority in the country, even
the Throne itself. And, indeed, he had always
considered the interests of the Throne and the
People so closely united, that they could not be
separated ; and therefore that jealousy of the
Throne was unfounded. His Resolution would
be long, but he trusted the 1-louse would not
consider it as too long, when the importance of
the subject was considered. Souse time ago,when
this subject was brought forward, it was oppoaed,
as being founded on new-fangled doctrines, suh-,
versive of the Constitution. Yet the doctrines
were those which our ancestors had for ages acted
upon, namely, Annual Parliaments, and what was
called Universal Suffrage. On that occasion
:he
load proposed to extend the right of voting4o.all
who paid direct taxes to the King, the• Church,
and the Poor. Since that time, the subject liatl.heen
fully discussed and considered ; and the further
we go up into the practices of our ancestors, and
the more we inquired into their practice, we
should find the Constitution founded onfreedom
of Election ; and that Eleetions and Parliaments
were held three times a-year, Easter, Michaelmas,
and Christmas. The Constitution was e,stablished
by the Saxon Kings; and when William 1. was
advanced to the Throne of this country, he swore
to govern by those laws. His descendants had
sworn to do the same ; and although they had
more than once departed from their oaths, it
surely would not be said that their perjury had
deprived us of our rights. He would now des-
cend to the time when Magna Charta was wrested
from the Crown, in which the rights of the
people were again recognized and acknowledged.
He was aware that many well-informed persons
had construed the laws passed at that time as giv-
ing to the King a power of retaining one Parliament
through a whole Reign, proroguing it from time to
time. But this could not be since the King was
to call his Parliament together annually; and the
speech from the Throne always stated, that the
Parliament was called together to make known to
the King the wishes of the people. Neither
could it be supposed that Parliament was to be a
permanent body, since a seat its Parliament was a
heavy charge on him who had it, and not a source
of profit, as at present it was. So with respect
to suffrage. Perhaps there was no better way of
proving what was the Constitution of the coun-
try, than by looking at the old maxims of law ;
and as far back as the reign of Edward 11. Lord
Chancellor. Fortescue said, ‘` No plan should- be

taxed without his own consent." This was repeat-
ed in the prosperous and gloi ions reign of Edward
111. and no reign was ever more prosperous or glo-
rious. And in the reign of Charles I. the maxim
was—Safety of Person and. Property ; but Charles
1. having adopted a 'different course, and impri-
soned persons and seized property—encouraged to
do so by corrupt and arbitrary Judges, and that
withuisconVening anz Parliament; when Pal lik7'
,i ea,l wits, assembled, it, wat tkat:nral they<BWoukl
complain,-and a remonstrance and claim of rights
was made by the Parliament. The Monarch pro-
mised, but that unfortunate King forgot his pro-
mise, and the people had recourse to their old
Constitutional rights—those of resisting oppres-
sions. Violenc*followed, and Liberty and the
Constitution flid not again look up till the resto-
ration of Charles 11. At this time the Act of Ha-
beas Corpus was passed ; but the Acts of Parlia-
ment were mere artificial bulwarks of security to
the Public, which could be set aside by the Crown
and its Ministers at any time. With the Revolu-
tion came the Bill of Rights ; this contained some
protection for the people, but not what was con-
templated. Many of the rights contemplated by
our ancestors were unfortunately not enacted into
laws, which circumstance gave rise to an obser.,
vation made by Mr. Walter Fawkes, on reading
the bill of fare, who exclaimed—" An excellent
bill of fare, but no dinner !" And even all the
advantages of the Bill of Rights was rendered
null by six little words inserted in it, namely,
that these provisions should not be set aside—
" except with the consent Of Parliament ;" this,
like the touch of a talismanic wand, caused the
whole to vanish in air-
- " And, like the baseless fabric of a vision,

" Leave not a rack behind."
What did it signify whether perpetual taxes were
' imposed, or a standing army was kept up by the
prerogative of the Crown, or by the consent of a
Parliament subject to the influence of the Throne ?
' lie would, indeed, rather he without a Parliament
than have one which covered such a mockery.—
For this evil there was no cure, but to restore
the Parliament to the people, whose right it was.
There ought to be such a system of Representa-
tion in the House as should protect the Rights of
the People. Now, as to whom were to be the
Electors of Members of Parliament, the King, in
his coronation oath, gives that privilege to the
commonalty. And by the statute of Henry IV. it
was said, that persons duly summoned by the Sheriff
to his Court, and others, should proceed to the
election. This, the Hon. Baronet contended, could
only be construed into Universal Suffrage. This
was a statute passed in the prosperous reign of
Henry the Fourth ; but in the weak reign of his
grandson, the weak Henry the Sixth, the first
restrictive statute was passed, which confined the
right of suffrage to persons possessing a free-
hold of 40s. a year, and upwards ; and it was said,
as a reason for passing this statute, that persons
possessing no property assembled at elections to
vote, and might, not did, create riot and disturb-
ance. Now, in the present day, how was it—we
had one instance of extended suffrage, and that was
in the city of Westminster; yet here elections
were conducted without riot or confusion, and
with no greater interruption than usually attended
a parish Vestry. The Hon. Baronet then advert-
ed to certain Resolutions adopted at a Meeting
at which Mr. Fox was Chairman, and in those
Resolutions, signed by Mr. Fox, it was stated
that Annual Parliaments were the constitutional
form of Government in this country. He bad
been told that this was not Mr. Fox's opi-
nion, but that he only signed those Reso-
lutions as Chairman of the Meeting. Bo
this he was certain of, Mr. Fox would never have
put his name to Resolutions which he considered
as mischievous to his country. The Hon. Member
next adverted to the letter of the Duke of Rich-
mond to Col. Shearman, in which the Duke de-
clared himself in favour of Annual Parliaments ;
and in a debate on Parliamentary Reform in 1797,
Mr. Fox declared himself in favour of extended-.
suffrage, observing, that the best form of election
would undoubtedly he that under wbicli. the
greatest number of independent votes could be
obtained. By the present systeetlie majority of
the House were electediiilbose who bad no in-
dependent votesk,f,The majority of the House
were returned by the influence of those who at
the beginning of every Session it was declared
coo)d not interfere in elections without a gross
breach of the privileges of the house. The Mem-
bers were elected by those alone who ought to be
excluded from voting. If suffrage were extended
as it ought to be, each Member would be returned
by upwards of five thousand votes—a number too
numerous to be bribed; and if it were possible to
bribe them, making Parliaments annual would
do away the temptation, since the Treasury
Bench could not in a year make it worth while
for a Member to bribe such a number. Such a
system of voting might also be adopted as would
preventany bustle and confusion, and so as to
prevent those feuds which were so prevalent in
this country, and which had their origin in the
seven years contests for seats in tke House of
Commons ; and an election for seven years was
indeed a subject worth contending for, since it
not only rendered a man an important individual
during that time, but it also gave him a valuable
commodity which he might at all times take to
an advantageous market—the Treasury Bench, if
so inclined. The Hon. Baronet then adverted to
the motion made by an lion. Baronet (Sir R.
Heron) for repealing the Septennial Act, and the
impolicy, not to say injustice, of continuing that
Act, which passed in the reign -of Queen Anne.
He contended that elections ought to be free as de-
clared in the statute of Westminster ; and nothing
short of embracing the whole population, conse-
quently of following prudence and reason, would
produce Reform, and conduce to the benefit of the
State. Alluding to the election of Officers to fill
the highest situations in the Government, he no-
ticed the opinions of Machiavel,who, in reference
to such elections, produced the example of ancient
Rome, and declared, that fewer instances of cor-
ruption had occurred by electing persons from
among the great body of the people to fill those
offices. The Hon. Baronet observed, that it was
necessary that those who contributed to the ser-
vice of the State should have a voice in the Se-
nate, and have the controul not only of it but of
the public parse. The opinion of Judge Black.

stone went in confirmation c-,f Lis opinionor°• •lips
present about 6000 paupers, with a few na,
Proprietors, had the disposal of the whole p. to
perty of the nation. All that was asked wasi_o,
allow the population at least to see how their al
ney was about to be-squandered. The
mankind proved, that rdstpreportion as -,rl) • itlopt
ence of the petple pretiorti-Aetrovkr the ael
vvas
of the Goyetoment,s,kes'starion pourolseB ant not
were
into
happi Ott-`,tite- buirtrary, iviteee they
permitted to have any voice, States had fallen
,„
decay. The people of- England alesiretomvJjo;
preserve themselves. He concluded by re„e--of
twenty•six separate propositions-in the soartr-o.
resolutions, followed by six declaratory
coos>
tetl
tions. The 26 declaratory propositions
almost entirely of extracts from. the "rose,
speeches delivered to Parliament from their,tif6,lo-
- with King James 1., down to t4e.„15.113
sent day, to prove that Royal Authority 1",410
favour of Annual Parliaments—and extracts 1•
writs and other documents as authorities I°oo
your of Universal Suffrage. They also irLe toe,
a statement of various Resolutions of the "°„-tiie
of
and quotations from various authorities ss ha,
necessity of Reform, and a diminution rite
5i
fluence of the Crown.—The substance of tbe
concluding declaratory Resolutions, was dr—
lei,
Ist. For Universal Suffrage, excepting only lona—
is
fants, and persons insane. o°°l
2d. That the territory of Great Britain and Ireiana,,iti4°_,'
be divided into 658 Election Districts, equal in pornlvo_,""
of which each should return one representative, and -bet
3d. That to prevent disorders, the Elections shaniube
gun and completed in one day,. which day ought t°
same for all the Districts. ►
4th. That the Election Districts should he
sub-districts, for the more convenient reception nt
sth. That the mode of voting should be by t
6th. That Parliaments should be Annual, saving cc' ,'
s
Crown the prerogative of dissolving them at any tii°;ol•
summoning a fresh Parliament after the necessary “4."
Lord COCHHANR seconded the Resolutiol/:04
After what had passed in this House on 111,',301-1
casions, be had little hopes that much goeui
arise from
forthe exertions of his Hon. Frier', Lit 0,
was not im to say what this House rolgt boa
influenced to do ; but if he referred to wbs.,,, it
been done by the degenerate Senate of it°'-t„
would be seen that they bad been guilty "iece°
grossest corruption. In the course of the. OS
years in which be bad retained a seat to,Ptiiet
House, be had not lent himself to any aetgaeo
pressed on the liberties of the people. ces is
not mean to impute any .unworthy nOttoottsti
passing these acts ; but he put it to the • Ili;
whether 'the trade had not seffered tnatell6,„oo
and he was convinced that nothing short of g Sar;
would better the condition of the Nation- (be
he was, that the petitions of the people nee,„,e eed'
been, nor world be, attended to ; he recooipte
eel the adoption of some measures to c 0 of tot
the affections and' secure the confidence -„titilf,
people. It grieved him to think that his
country mustbecome the
diettheat of tile;str,
which he foresbaw. He warne is I‘silis 00_
Ministers to pause in their career. 1r vytiilotel
1
,'
his intention to trespass further upon the 'dle
the House; but he could not conclude Wiacioo,
expressing his strongest gratitude to the 'I be
of Westminster, for the honour which °lit,
sle
repeatedly conferred upon him by choosing de,
represent them. It bad always been his e
your to discharge his duties towards they)* ant °I
had in some instances failed, it was froul
power, and not from want of good will. gaps
been the victim of a foul conspiracy, by rot
which he had been involved almost in tot6tteotil
All the persecutions of which he had. keel! yeas'
ject he had borne with patience nig it reorrgsog
The men who had so persecuted .him be I°lol°f,
and be hoped, before they went to their g
they would be able to forglire themseiveS'se, hui
was foreign to the subject before the 1-1,113 Salo
he trusted they VvOttlil forgive him. P'els, ao ht
not trespass uppn their time longer sl°11;t: Pic
never agaitt!on any subject. He hoped t toot%
Alajesty'li-Ministers would take conseiero. Pit
int* Consideration what be bad now 'sal Soci
did not say it with any feelings of hostilitled the'
feelings had now left him ; but be trlisteootti;
would take his warning, and save the c°
it
by abandoning the present system before 140815
too late.—(The Noble Lord was most deePi;7o
tated ; his voice was low and broken, 811(1 et
frequently interrupted by his tears.) edi, of
Mr. BROUGHAM was anxious to state s—aes-0
13a
ence of opinion which he entertained in resit-let „
the sentiments delivered by the 'Hon• r°,ltie'e
the subject of Reform, He felt great dif6c of (i
the subject, because a very great porri°,l,tilieerfie
people were friendly to the doctrine 01..11;1,04h
Suffrage : they possibly had been misle", 1411,4
ings not best calculated to benefit the Sta-pee.ti
respect to Parliamentary Reform, lie*ll-eto Pi
at
observe that those who were most adver„,s,Btes :se
form now, were once the greatest o,lvs—oe c.ise
the system. This bad been evidenced i" sio to
of Ireland. One of the greatest change vei°o:
government of that country was tbet ,10:1)6
but which had subsequently turned to the
To recur, however, more immediate o'sed, #
question : in the Resolutions just Pl.°,P self ("lie
Honourable Baronet had confined h'el/er in le
r,
species of authority which ranked I°Wny atlipr
scale of constitutional authority dial' :Ile testis.
Without advertin to the statutes tieett,
Magna Chorea, &c. lie had quoted t'be;re`;'g
tions from the Throne. Now . it*musl,eirl°l.o'
lected, that they cared little about " t"„ for 11.1
subjects" or "the interests of the peoPle'praesio,
stance, what was the general conduct °f affe,etei.
In truth, they only used these pledges bey ou`;‘,l,
0
when they wanted money. Though .ei.5101
these declarations, they respected' titilsheil;,t,l.
frage very little. He was. rather.ast°Toold
among the multitude of speeches. he 's
omitted the speech of the present Alcaflta-rect a Yd
he came to the Throne—" Born antl,:‘,
ton,"—and the declaration—" if i 5 Pei,pl6 4
pride to be the first Citizen of a free Ptbit;
This declaration, if it was worth any togetl
worth all the other King's speeelles*Pthfiert f
With respect to Reform, .as it went t° visit
versa' Suffrage, it might be the m°9 coollgela
scheme in existence. For it was n°tncient,Vl.l,
say, that it was only returning to all Ll'-se a 111,‘
of things. Supposing -hewas proP!ery,946
to the ancient state of vassalage or slavet pf tit
he not be deemed a visionary 1 andthYos for:00
some visionaries would wish to go CP'
na
would contend, that zefetTing togq

lei 11'
'Ol3-
eiltfdik
POil
roi elf
ottlube

• •fite
I"
„A.
lot.
r3O
al.
lit
1

applii°c
atl•te to the present time, in many of its pro-
01d?9., was idle and nugatory. To say that the
bilit'44' was so, was no argument for its applica-
isY °Ow ; and yet one of the most celebrated
mit;
e°f his time (Fletcher, of Salroun) had 'sub-
equal. a Proposition to the Scottish Parliament of
l•
ueongruity. He proposed a return to the do-
slavery of Greece and Rome. It was clear,
liseh-t'ore, that the most visionary schemes might
proltol?o.sed, equally absurd and inconsistent as the
tl,psltion of theflon.Bart.Witbrespect to, the au-
' tie tiltY quoted-on the subjectof Universal Stith age,
l'enied that the words " All Freeholders sum-
Vo,"d to the Courts, and others, should have
ille:!,s," implied Universal Suffrage. Ile corn-
eda", on the construction given to these words,
s„-;111' insisting that the authorities quoted could
41;1`ta Construed into a recognition of the rif.,,ht
iii People to sit in the House of Commons.—
di; °Pinion of Mr. Fox was uniformly inimical to
loptlaestion of universal suffrage. With respect
thin po• lar' election, he was one of those tvho did
- that it were better that a little ebullition
4, Riven to the popular feeling ;—it was the old
teeatitutional principle, and so much the better to
El Withered to. He therefore could not agree, that
theiecti,°aa, as in Westminster, might be carried on
to t.i.` 'a a vestry meeting. Ile, for one,was friendly
feti,"e 01d mode of Election as pursued by our fore-
tirilr3. The return of the Noble Lord •(Coch-
ts;ei t° Westminster, at the moment of his last re-
iti-110 in his opinion did honour to the electors. Ile
41)'auderl the motive,which was this: t hey ret urned
\101)1e Lord because he was oppressed by the
111,,1,r,"as sentence of the pillory,- and therefore
) '1
were not disposed to add to. the injuries so
(.7411Y inflicted on him. The Hon. and Learned
~ia)leman then analyzed the plan of the Right
1):,; Raronet, in respect to the age at which the
is:Ph:e should have the right of voting ; contend-
Nit ° ist to leave out those under the age of 21 was
%hit unjust ard unwise, for the most eminent
tirk,t,taell and the most eminent warriors had dis-
444tslied themselves in . the Senate and in the
Beer before they had attained the age of 21. He
rett to the doctrines promulgated by Mr.
ltsi"arn, which were, rather the result of. a
ttish"arY theorist that; a man aqquainted with
a person gathering his knowledge
Ills,°°oks, and not from man. He contended
the w,ts necessary to make a stand against
s.„ ,netrines of these wild. speculatists, ..who
45:44 one day demand one thing, and the next day
to4,,l'er• and if all that was demanded was not
Itttt'`,led to them, this House would have to re•
rti:at they had acted against wise and.
Tilth,l4a• As to his own opinions respecting
bs!stC4llentaty Reform, he preferred triennial Par-
, Itlts to annual ones. In this he thought•
4s4to-ent pike far enough. The Honourable
]teed had talked of the Revolution, and re-
R the old joke of the Member for Yorkshire,
ittit:tad called the Revolution " a bill.of fare
lts;nt a dinner." %Vas it nothing, he would
144! hare driven out that bigot James 11. and
,
secured the religion of the State ? These
latlenthe consequences of the Revolution ; but,
the Reform that was wanted was that
"katt.l"le one which went to benefit the
gif
tithe not to sweep away the best principles
Piste '4unstitution, 'lbis was what our ancestors
tt% red at the Revolution—wisely, no doubt—and
*lOl haae, was grateful. They were satisfied
t4rthe:Thig done what was requisite for the safety
the,,'tate• He concluded with expressing his
ot,,:stietion, that the Resolutions of the Hon,
d'tta Were not calculated to produce the object.
„tilt NatiELL rose to deliver his opinion ; but
meitti °llse was not inclined to attend to the Hon.
ht(11744"• He appeared to defend the line pur-
-11 y the HOO. Baronet.
!tit it; CANNING, in rising to move the Order of
sei,-,-aYs expressed the high gratification ivbiCh
,11sZttt)erienced at having found such an ally as
I •
and Learned Gentleman, with whom,
• tl. he did not agree in many points. He
11/tZted to moderate Reform, because it would lead
,tit'sigtees to the very object which Iv
4es now pro-
Ni the House. Every intermediate step oh-
4ib Would be used as a stepping-stone to
dithat end. Vas the House to begin by
:ttsrkting that the present system was faulty, and
reform ? Then there were two modes of
,414-7tlg it : first, by bringing it back to the
who it la(
I been originally cast; se-
kaldd re•constructing it altogether. lie
44t410de- ask the 'Reformers which of these two
4 they PrOPOSed ?—lf the first, then let them
ti
e
jrperiod 'Which they chose as their critPletie-
'
•
tfthe second, let them explain their prin-
-1144 tt "e Hon. Baronet had mixed a little of
A;1
tte asvi).tt)Rether, and lie .(Mr. C.) would take
+l5 ground; anti ask him at what period
bt had been constructed in a' better man-
t
tulett7:l at present ?. When it sat annually, if it
%el.'. its functions, as well as the whole face
tkistedtetY• were very different front what now
oißeerßs What national interests or individual
)ith brought before this House, w n ere.‘ t
. the , net only with the deepest attention, but
4 e most enlightened views and abilities .
stiettl• Bart. thought that the will of the. people
st.4,ves„ aufficiently direct on the measures of the
11,;11, at,4l.ierit ; but Government was not a matter of
h,lett whole machinery of monarchy had
tlitlesturittle.!edir,to prevent that direct influence
ski,tue, o, isaronet advocated. lf, to our
assembly
ts, Int u we bad found a popular
I, nder the direct controul of the people
‘,l,itv-a t)a obey its will, and liable to be dismissed
etj'seta
euthority, it would hare been the duty of
,j
4ee lators to diminish that overbearing influ-
01'stutld 10 substitute in its place 'a deliberative
y,sed , instead of this, it were again pro-
(e , ,
pro-
of tall the duration of Parliament, he
l'atend that it would increase instead
11;/111daielsh the evils of which the Reformers
t pre'!" ; for more frequent elections, with
tote:lent limited Constituents, would give
autsit h0'..0 advantage to those who sat for
tbe sp rt
liglaS over those who stood for open
gtte kis ‘l'ar places. He felt much gratitude to
aba k!aronet for having at last brought the
th 11.etst Parliamentary Reform in a tangible
reie Pt) "we the
House, for it would then be in
1,411 ‘‘,„l all to judge whether the present sys-
ere %%, notot
Preferable to all the plans proposed,
as nu danger , • anger in this. The only danger

was in tlime vague and general discussions about
Reform. It was said that the House did not suf-
ficiently represent the people. If the House re-
presented the people as it was understood, and
the will of the people was the rule of Govern-
ment. then King and Lords would be nuisances
and excrescences. Let the- House look at the
last year, of the reign of Charles the First, and
it would find in its own Journals resolutions taken

by the long Parliament, and containing a correct
exposition of the Honourable Baronet's theory.—
They would read that it was resolved, First,
That the people, tinder God, were the original of
all just Government ; 2dly, That the Commons
of England in Parliament assembled, chosen by
and representing the people, had the supreme
power in these kingdoms; and 3dly, That what
had been enacted or declared for law; by the
Commons of England in Parliament assembled,
had the force of law, and the people were bound
by it, although the consent of the King and the
Lords had not been had thereto. These Resolu-
tions had been followed by a vote, declaring the
House of Lords no longer useful, and soon after
by another, dethroning the King, and taking
away his life. Yet could it be denied that the
theory of the Honourable Baronet was contained.
in these Resolutions ? Whoever said that this
ought to be the principle of our system, spoke of
a pure democracy, and not of a monarchy. But
the House and the Country would be contented
to rest under the shelter of the Constitution as
it had been established at the Revolution, for
it bad been found sufficient for the prosperity and
the glory of the nation. He thought the Hon.
Baronet had discussed the question very fairly,
and therefore, instead of meeting it with a direct
negative, should only move the Order of the Day.
Mr. LAMBS opposed the motion principally on
the grounds taken by the Hon. and Learned Gen-
tleman. He deprecated the idea of short Parlia-
meents, and the language of the Petitioners on the
subject of Reform generally. The Hon. 'Wern-
her was persuaded that the Hon. Baronet, in
bringing forward this motion, acted from pure
motives, and from a persuasion that its adoption
would be for the benefit of the country ; but he
was fully convinced that there were others who
acted from far different motives ; they looked for-
ward to the adoption of the Hon. Baronet's pro-
position as the first step for overturning the Con-
stitution, on the ruin of which they expected to
step to domination : persuaded of this he should
give the motion his most determined opposition.
Mr. W. SMITH was also against the Motion of
the Hon. Baronet ; but, at the same time, he
could not agree with his Hon. Friend who spoke
last, as to the motives of those who supported the
Hon. Baronet's doctrine, and urged him to Wing
it forward ; he believed the majority of those per-
sons, like the Hon. Baronet, were actuated by a
sincere conviction that the adoption of it would be
most advantageous to the country.
Sir F. BURDETT, in reply, stated, that he was
much satisfied with the fair and argumentative
manner in which thcßight Hon. Gentleman op-
posite bad treated the question. He hoped all
who preferred liberty to misrule would make up
their minds to effect such a Reform as should pro-
duce this desirable object.
The House then divided on the previous ques.
lion—

Ayes
Nues

106
0!!!

A Message from the Lords announced their
Lordships' assent to several Public and Private
Bills, and to the Poor Education Bill with some
Amendments.

The House went into a Committee on the Re-
gency Bill, after which the Bill was read a third
time and passed.
MR. COBBETT.

Lord COCHRANE presented a Petition from W.
Cobbett, praying for Annual Parliaments and
Universal Suffrage.
The Clerk had proceeded for some time in the
reading of this Petition, when
_ .

Mr.FAiAKERLET moved that the Douse should
be counted ; and there not being 40 Members
present, the House was adjourned.

Front the LONDON GAZETTE, JUNE 2.

The Gazette contains the formal account of the
Marriage Ceremony between the Duke end
Duchess of Cambridge, on Mondy. evening. It
also contains a notice of a Levee at Carlton-house
on Friday next.

BANKRUPTCY ENLARGED.
J. S. Rains,Wapping-wall, merchant, ftom June 2, to June 23.

BANKRUPTCIES SUPERSEDED.
W. Minot, Lime-street, merchant.
L. Rourke, Rosemary-lane, victualler.

BANKRUPTS.

G. Peacock, Aldersgate-street, baker, to surrender June 6,
16, July 14, at Guildhall. Attorney, Mr. M'Michael,
South Sea-Chambers, Threadneedle-street.
T. Shillitne, Doncaster, innkeeper, June 19, 20, at the New
Angel-inn, Doncaster, July 14, at the Castle, York. At-
torney, Mr. Blakelock, Serjeant's-inn.
W. Nev;ison, North Shields, draper, June 24, 25, July 14, at
the Commercial Hotel, North Shields. Attornies, Mesrss:
Robinson and Burrows, Austin-friars.
J. Mayman, Dewsbury, Yorkshire, innkeeper, June 24, 25,
at the Sessions-house, Wakefield, July 14, at the Castle of
York. Attornies, Messrs. Wiglesworth and Crosley, Gray's-
n-square.
S. Cook and E. Gording, Little Aiie-street, Goodinan's-fields,
upholders, June t, 16, July 14, at Guildhall. Attorney.
Mr. Wars and, Chinch-row, Fenchurch-street.
