he should give him precedence of all Government bne;ne•s
Mr. COURTENAY a.,,ked when the Wine Duties
should be brought before the House ?
Lord ALTHORP stated that he should bring that sub-
ject forward on Monday nest.

(.LEFT SPEAKING.)

HOUSE OF LORDS.

In the absence of the Loan CIIAT7CELLOR, Lord
TENTERDEN took his seat on the WoolsaiA at a Quarter
hefoie Pive o'clock.

Mr: GRVENE and others from the Commons brought up
:he Candle Duties Repeal 131111 and two private Bills.

Mr. Crayford, from the Treasury, brought up the the
returns ordered of the amount of British goads shipped to
France within the last three years.
Mr. J, hnson, from the office of the Chief Secretary for
Ireland, brought up the papers connected with the late pro-
secution of Mr. O'Connell and others, as ordered.

Earl GROSVENOR presented a petition from an
indiVidual, which stated that he had been to India
and back since the Reform Bill was introduced, and
that he was much surprised on his return to find it
still before the House of Commons. He prayed that their
Lordships would pass it without delay as soon as it came
before them. The Noble Earl also presented three peti-
tions, praying for the abolition of negro slavery.
The BISHOP OF LONDON presented a petition
from the parish of St. Mary's, Paddington, against a
clause in the New Beer Bill. _ _

Earl- GREY moved the third reading of the disembo-
died Milit.a Bill—which was read accordingly and passed.

. _
On the motion of Lord TENTERDEN, the Arbitra-
tion Bill and the Twerpleader Bill were read a second time,
and ordered to be commit,ed to-morrow.
Viscount STRANGFORD said, he did not wish to in.
convenience the Noble Earl opposite (Grey) but he felt it
would be a great convenience to him, as well as to many of
their Lordship, if the Noble Earl would now give an an-
swer to a question which he (Lord Strangfot d) put to him
on a former occasion. Ile would now repeat it, and
begged to ask if the Noble E4l had yet received his Ala-
jesty's commands respecting the conducting of the ceremony
of the coronation, and whether it was yet settled in what
manner the homage of the Peers was to he pad to his
sy. Another question he wished to have answered
was whether the Peereses were to be deprived of their
right to a procession on the occasi,.n, he hoped not, and
that before it was decide d upon the case would re-
ceive that attention and consideration to which he con-
sidered it entitled. The Noble Earl (Grey) on a
former occasion had found fault with his expression of un-
seemly curtailments in speaking of this ceremony, but be
must say, that in his opinion the measures of the
Government deserved the appellation, for the country
would not be put to much expence, and what it had to bear
would be made up in the increased activity it would cause in
the manufacturing towns. He thought the economy paltry
on these grounds,— that it would only save the pockets of
the rich, and that the Peers miph: like it, but the manu-
facturers cmild not.

Earl GREY said he bad not yet received his Majesty's
commands on the subj,ct, and must decline answering
farther. He would, however, merely st its to their Lord-
ships, that the ceremony of paying homage to his Majesty
would he couducted in tl:e same manlier as on the occa-
sion of the coronation of Geroge the Third.

The Marquis of LONDONDERRY was very
glad to have such an as•urance from the Noble
Earl, and he hoped that he would take into
hi- consideration what had been stated by his Noble Friend
behind him (Lord Strangfurd), with respect to the pro-
cession of peerages.
Lord KENYON postponed his motion for the appoint-
ment of a Committee on the Agricultural Labourers' Bill
until Monday.
On the motion of Lord NlEr.eourtNE, the House went
into a Committee on the Beer Act Amendments' Bill.
The Duke of WELLINGTON asked, whether the
Not•le Lord had introduced a clause to limit the hours of
selling beer in the houses, under this Act.
Lord MELBOURNE replied, he thought there
was a great difficulty in having their houses closed
sooner than they were at pre-ent. In the country
he did not see so much objection to the hours being shorter.
and a clause might be introduced that they might be closed
earlier than tho-e in towns ; but the hours mention-
ed by the Noble Duke, say four o'clock for instance,
were much too early, in his (Lord M.'s) opinion, for
where were poor men then to get their beer for
supper, except they went to public houses, which would
render these new houses, and of course this Act, totally
useless.

(LEFT SITTING.)

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION-HO USE.

A young man named Hammond was brought before
the LORD MaYoe., charged with having assisted a swind-
ler named Elverston, who has a counting-house at No. 21,
Lawrence Pountney-lane, in defrauding tradesmen in the
city.
It appeared, and some mirth waa occasioned by the cir-
cumstance, that the Lord Mayor was himself amonest
those who were defrauded. Hammond was stated to have
received the goods which were ordered by Elverston, and
to have told the tradespeople who expected to get the va-
lue upon delivery, that his master had just stepped o t
to the London Docks about a pipe of wine, and would
pay upon his return. When Hammond found that he had
got into a hobble, he offered to disclose all he knew, and
it was agreed to take his evidence, and to apprehend El-
verston, respecting whom innumerable inquiries had been
made at Lawrence Pountney-lane. Elverston had ordered
two plated tea-pots at the shop of Mr. Jones, the silver-
smith, of Cheapside. The articles had been left at Elver-
Aton's counting-haute by the porter, who was told that
payment would be sent in an hour, but no money was sent,
and when the messenger was ordered to call again, the
counting-house was found locked up, and not a creature
was to be seen except a number of tradesmen, who were
waiting for the amount of their bills.
Elverston was afterwards apprehended by Roe, the
officer, and charged with having stolen the tea-pots, but
he said that he had no idea of any thing of the kind, and
was ready to produce the articles, which it was his inten-
tion to pay for if they happened to be such as would suit
him. The tea-pots were forthcoming, and Roe brought
them, along with Elverston, to the Justice-room, where
they were claimed by Mr. Jones.
Hammond said that he had been engaged by the pri-
soner at a guinea a-week, to take in messages and goods ;
that many tradespeople had called at the counting-house,
and that all he had ever received from Elverston was one
half-crown for his services.
11 The Loan MAYOR—Was any money found upon El-
verston ? Roe—Yes, my Lord ; I found upon searching
him two farthings.
The Loan MAYOR—Prisoner, you have not found this
swindling as productive as you expected. What are you?--
Overston said, that he was a merchant, and never meant
any thing but what was honour dale ; the strongest proof
of which was, that the tea-pots were given up by him at
once, and had never been pawned or offered for sale.
He really meant to do every thing in a regular mercantile
sort of way.
The Loan MAYOR—Oh, you did, did you ? I think I
had the pleasure of being favoured with your custom
once?—(A laugh.) Elveraton-1 don't recollect, my
Lord. I don't think you and I did business together.
The Loan MAYoR—We certainly did, although not
with my wish or knowledge. Don't you recollect calling
at my warehouse in Ai church-lane, about a quantity of
pap-r which you was going to ship ? Elverston—Ab-
ciao ch-lane ? No, Ido not think I did, my Lord. I
believe I did not. Let tee see; no, I believe you will
find that I did not.
The Loan MAYOR—Oh, yes; you called, and said vou
had a large shipment of stationery to make, and you re-
quested, in my absence, that samples should be sent to
Lawrence-Pountney-lane. The samples were sent, but
we never heard more about you till this affitir brought
you before me. Elverston—l am really not aware of it,
my Lord ; nor can I charge my memory with such a
transaction.
The LORD MAYOR-.-1 remember that when I was told
of the immense shipping order, I said a shark was at work,
and I was confirmed in my opinion upon sending to your
counting-house, for it was besieged by tradespeople. Is
there any laody else here who has been de ding with Mr.
Elverston ?—A young man named Barrett, the shopman
of Mr. Simpson, the linen-draper, stated, that Elverston
had on Saturday ordered a piece of linen which was to be
paid for on delivery. The linen was by mistake left by
the messenger at the counting-house, and the messenger
told to call again; but neither linen nor money had been
seen since by the shopkeeper.
Roe, the officer, said he had found the duplicate of a
piece of linen upon Elveraton's person.
The Loan MAYOR—Is there any body else here with a
charge against Mr. Elverston ?—Elveraton looked round
him, and said, " No, my Lord, these are the only things
that can be breathed against me, and these I am able to
answer. It was never my intention to do anything wrong."
Roe said he believed if the case were postponed to Sa-
turday, a good many customers would wear. The (wont-
