seems that there must haws been some treachery.

Nothing is said nrthe resistance of the Greeks.
The loss is, at all events, very great for the
Greeks, and every friend of humanity may de.
plore it, for it will per►nit the Turks to work a
great deal of ovil.

The Journal des Debar, commenting on a letter which ap-
peared in an Evening Paper on the sth, stating that the French

at Cadiz were full of gloomy speculations on the expected
coming of the yellow fever, says, " We hope the French, in
spite of the Spanish and Englisb Doctors, will stop the yellow
fever as they stopped the plague in Egypt. It is at least cer•
lain that they make no gloomy speculations."

[From the Conetitutionnei.
PA rats, Aug. 9.—The Bishop of Montauban has
arrived lit his Diocese, where he was received very

affectionately by Protestnuts,as well as Catholics.
This Prelate resided during the whole of the Re-
volution in America, and occupied the See of

Roston. In his reply to an Athiruss or the Pro-
testant Consistory, he said, " That he had the

happiness, during his residence in a country
where different religions were followed, to live

on good terms with the Ministers of those (lir-
carried with him
ferent communions ; that htt

their regrets ; and that he should wish to live or
friendly terms raith the Members of this Con,
sistory."
A vomitus, Ava. 3.—We learn from Alexon

dria, under date June 13, that an English vessel
had arrived there, and brought orders forbidding
the English to transport, on account of the Turks,
under the English flag, arms, amimmition, or
troops, to 'aux mie of the insurgent provinces. In
consequence, three vessels which were loaded on
the Viceroy's account, were immediately un-
loaded. The vessels of other European nntiont
are to follow this example, which makes it pro-
bable that they have heard of the Proclamation
of the Greek Government.
AFFAIRS Or GREECE.
The nine first numbers of the Greek Telegraph,
a journal printed at Missolonghi in Italian, con-
tains some curious facts upon the state of the
country. The Greeks perceive betimes that
good education alone cnu assure them the main—
tenance of liberty ; and they hasten, before every-
thing, to form schools. Lord Guildford, in the
lonian Islands, advances foremost with them,
and seems to he anxious to give an example of
all the good that can be done. It is wall known
what has been done for the University of Ctirfn.
At Argostoli, in the island of Cefalonin, a school
is about to be formed under the direction of able
professors. The discourses delivered by the
professors at the opening of this Institute disco.
cover the most elevated sentiments and the mos'
enlightened zeal.
One of the numbers contains the following le

ter from General Odysseus to the venerable Cu
ray :
Respectable Patriot, thou bast passed the greatest part of thy
life in exile far from thy country, because thou couldet not bear
to see it beneath the barbarous yoke of the Turks. Thou het
transported thyself to civilised people, not to lead an easy life,
but to learn to repress thy passions and to gather, like a bee,
lessons roost necessary fur the regeneration of unfortunate
Greece. Thy labours have cot been useless; from the mo-
ment thou heganst to recommend in our language, the benefits
which industry affords tho world ; from that instant thy country.
men began to raise their souls ►o the sal►litnest doctrines, and to
know their political 'situation. it is only a few years since the
liberal sentiments of the Greeks began to awaken ; and the
prefaces to thy editions of our classics at well as thy learned
commentaries, hare filled the souls of the Greeks with the
seeds of the magnanimity and virtues of their ancestors. All
the literary men of our country have, at thy example, has.

toned to propagate the same truths; and the efforts which
the Greeks now make to obtain their independence and their
liberty, are the fruit)) of their philosophical and patriotic
works. But we have trio grand obstacles to overcome,—
barbarism on the one hand, and, on the other, the Vices
which our long slavery has infected us. Civilization is
yet with us a fragile and delicate plant, and the revolution
itself lout raised with it two very pernicious sentiments—the
love of power and of riches. These two fatal sentiments
arrested the first progress of the nation, and in the two
tint assemblies, at Epitinurtts and at Astros, they have
repressed and frequently" neutralized the efforts of the most
loyal patriots. Such disorders should not excite our surprise ;
but to remedy them for the feture, the greater part of our most
enlightened countrynien are of opinion, that it is expedient to
take the advice of such of our countrymen as are alma expe-
rienced and best acquainted with human afiltirs, in order to pro-
ceed under such guidance, in die firmest manner, in the course
of our ditlicult career. itut the counsels at present necessary '
for Greece are quite different from these laid down in books of
antiquity. Placed between the necessity of perishing or of este-
Wishing firmly our independence and our liberty, the coun-
sels we ought to receive should be subservient to circumstances,
and our advisers should be aware of the political virtues neces-
sary to them, in order that their advice might have a successful
issue. It is one thing to see, and another thing to understand,
and the ear is inure correct than the eye. It is necessary that
our advisers should see with their own eyes, and then they will
be able without fear or error to guide the nation in an advan-
tageous course. Thy counsels are dear to me as well as to
many others, who call for thy presence in this country as a
thing of necessity. After having for so many years ap-
plied thyself to the instruction of thy fellow countrymen,
though at a distance from thee, is it not right that thou shoiddst
now come in pereen,.to assist In perfecting the independence of
Greece ? Wrillet at a distance from us, thoti hest composed the
most sublime works, and whilst future generations shall pay
suitable honours to thy illustrious labours, what fruit wilt
thou have reaped from them ? or what solid glory wilt
thou have derived, should
Greece fall again under the yoke
of barbarians ? -Greece has need of thee and of thy illustrioue
offitpring bring with thee, then, all those whom thou canat
bring, arid hasten to co-operate with thy brethren in the most
just and the roost legitimate of all enterprises. We fight for
the religion of the Greeks and for the rights of man. Many
friends, sincerely interested in our happiness, have already
come, and are continuing to conic to our aid. We hope that
thou wilt bring with thee all those friends of the rights of ma-
t tions who feel themselves excited to toil in the amelioration of
our holy country, which has for so many years and ages groan-
ed under the most barbarous of all yokes, and which is on the
point of becoming the victim of bad passions.
Astroe.

Thy Son,
ULYSSES (ODYSSEUS) ANDILIZZO,

PRENCII FUNDS.

PArttm, AllO. O.—Five per Cents. opened at 10K tiOc. ;
closed at lOU. Ve.—Bank Stuck, 1902 r. M)e. Islvapolitan i per
Cents. in ducats, 07i. Royal Spanish Loan, 11123, b7.--Ex-
change on London—One month, 25f. Three months,
2.11. 94c.—( C'ours duthontique, Auz. 9.)
