AGGREGATE MEETING.

(From the Dublin Morning Register of Thursday.)

There was held, yesterday, in the Church of
Theresa, Clarendon-street, an Aggregate Meeting
of the friends of civil and religious liberty, con-
vened for the purpose of taking into consideration
the recent rejection of Mr. O'Connell by the House
of Commons—to make arrangements to support,
with increased energy and affection, that honest,
long-tried but still aggrieved patriot, and also to
allocate a portion of the Old Catholic Rent to de-
fray the expenses of his re-election for the County
of Clare. The meeting was one of the most nu-
merous and respectable assemblages we ever wit-
nessed.

Shortly after two o'clock Mr. O'Connell, accom-
panied by a number of gentlemen, members of the
Committee, entered the meeting, and was welcomed
with the most enthusiastic acclamation.
Mr. DILLON took the Chair.

Mr. N. MARKEY moved the first resolution, which
was an• expression of gratitude to his Majesty for
recommending to the Legislature the consideration
of the Catholic question, and to the Parliament who
passed the Relief Bill.
Mr. FlTzstmoN said, a resolution had been put
into his hands, to which every Catholic—every
Irishman—every friend of civil and religious free-
doom, must cordially agree, for it was a declaration
that the principle of civil equalization contained in
the Relief Bill merited, as it had received, unquali-
fied approval.
Mr. O'DowD seconded the resolution, which was
adopted.
At this moment Mr. Sheil entered, and was
greeted with repeated cheers.
Mr. FINN rose to propose the next resolution,
which he said, related to a class of men to whom
the country was deeply indebted, but who had been
robbed of their rights, because they had exercised
them with honesty and fearlessness. They had
been disfranchised, and the people of Ireland should'
remonstrate against the injustice--from every parish
a petition should proceed, not alone for the restora-
tion of their rights, but for an extension of the pri-
vilege of voting, which would be in accordance with
the spirit of the Constitution.—(Applause.)
The Resolution being seconded by Mr. J. A.
Curran, was adopted unanimously.
Mr. CONWAY moved the next Resolution, calling
upon the freeholders of Clare to re-elect Mr.
O'Connell.

Mr. SHaIL seconded Mr. CONWAY'S Resolution and
said—lf Daniel O'Connell be the great author, the chief
creator of your liberty, what should be his recompense?
What should be given in exchange for freedom? What is
it worth ?—(Lead cheers. )_Let there be an account of
debtor and creditor instituted between Daniel O'Connell
and his country. Liberty stands as the first item against
you. What shall be writ down to your credit? It re.

quires some large equivalent to balance the account. Ca-
tholics of Ireland, not so much for the sake of Mr. O'Con-
nell as for your own, in order that it may not be said that
slavery had so debased you, that you were not grateful for
its extinction, come forward, and if you cannot wholly li-
quidate this national debt, still give a proof that for your
freedom, and for that of your children, you have the virtue
ea,rneke no mean insignificant return.—(Loud cheers.)
Let it not ter fin a moment thought that this country is
making a donation to Mr. O'Connell. Thirty years of
public service, thirty years of indefatigable labour, of in-
domitable energy, and of unquenchable zeal ; thirty years
of exertion, which has at length been crowned with the
consummations of a surpassing success ; thirty years, in
which he has dedicated his fortune, his faculties, and all
his large and ample heart to his country, give him a title
which it is impossible for patriotism to dispute. But it
is not only with reference to the past, it is in anticipa-
tion of the future, that you should furnish him with the
means of continuing his career of national utility.—(Loud
cheers. )—You want him still ; and how can you ex-
pect that he shall be able to substract himself from his pro-
fession, and deprive his family and himself of its vast emo-
luments, unless lie finds some compensation, not in the
country, but in the justice and wisdom of his country. I
repeat it—you want him still, and you must needs know
that the field in which your rights are to be asserted by
him is changed, and that it is in the House of Commons
that Mr. O'Connell, at an immense loss to himself, will
have henceforward to bear your standard.—(Hear, hear.)
—Shall Daniel O'Connell be Member for Clare ? Aye.—
(Loud cheers.)—lf there be one touch of good emotion—
one throb of generous feeling—one pulse of gratitude left
in the heart of Ireland. For this, (an object in which
the interest and the honour of every Roman Catholic is
involved), every thing that devoted zeal, that united
energy, and that the enthusiasm of seven millions of the
people can effect, shall be accomplished. But shall the
Catholic rent be applied for this purpose? How should the
Catholic rent be applied ? In my judgment, after the dis-
charge of the incumbrances upon it, after payment of what
is due to that excellent establishment " the Model School,"
it should be laid out in the advancement of national edu-
cation, in controuling the efforts of injudicious proselytisni,
in the endowment of the Catholic University of Maynooth,
in the building of houses of worship, for the decent per-
formance of the rites of religion, and in making a provision
for the thousands of wretches whom the Disfranchisement
Bill and the Sub-letting Act have thrown upon the world.
There are thirteen thousand pounds of the Catholic rent
remaining, and, after the payment of our debts, there
will be a residue of about ten thousand, and yet with that
som, comparatively insignificant, all that I have men-
tioned may be accomplished. Put into Parliament the
men who will dedicate all their faculties to the attainment
of these objects, and you will thus have taken the most
effectual means for their achievement.—(Loud and conti-
nued cheering.)
The resolution was adopted.
The Rev. Mr. L'ESTRANCE moved the next resolution,
that the sum of 5,000/. from the fund known by the name
of the Old Catholic Rent should be placed at the disposal
of the Committee already formed for conducting Mr.
O'Connell's election in Clare.—(Cheers.)
Mr. NELSON (of Kilkenny) had listened to the proceed-
ings of the day with no ordinary degree of interest and
gratification, and he was proud to find that the ensuing
election would be prosecuted with the same energy which
characterised the former glorious effort. The county of
Clare was now the point to which universal attention
should be directed.—(Loud cheers.)
Mr. H. G. CURRAN said that the question before the
Meeting was the appropriation of a portion of the old Ca-
tholic rent to defray the expences of the Clare election.—
With his learned and talented friend who seconded the mo-
tion, he acquiesced in the expediency and paramount nee
cessity of placing Mr. O'Connell in Parliament, because,
much as he had done for Ireland, much more remains to
be done, and he well knew the great powers of Mr.
O'Connell, and the unalloyed purity of his public character.
With this observation lie should dismiss that part of the
case, and come to the immediate question. He held in
his hand the report of a Committee, according to which
the rent was originally organised. It comprised five spe-
cific heads, which were enumerated, and, as be took it, the
report was a species of contract with the people of Ireland,
who contributed, as to the specific modes of expenditure.
Under these heads he could not discern any thing which
could sanction this Meeting in appropriating the sums pro-
posed. The first related to the forwarding of petitions to
Parliament on the subject of Catholic emancipation, and
also respecting redress of grievances, arising out of peculiar
causes. The second was to obtain legal redress for Ca-
tholics, the victims of Orange violence. The third was to
support a liberal and enlightened press. The fourth re-
garded schools. The fifth was to aid Catholics in Ame-
rica and other places in obtaining Catholic Pastors. In
these heads of allocation he was unable to discover, *aiy
sanction for the proposed grant.—(Loud cries of hear,
hear.)—He could now briefly refer to the second item--
the providing of legal redress for aggrieved Catholics by
Orange aggression ; and he would say that the money from
which the grant was to be drawn was the poor man's fund.
The item for the protection of the poor man was the hist
in the heads of allocation, and the taking away of 'this
bulwark between him and his oppressor would be a viola-
tion of public faith, whilst the nation had ample means of
vindicating its honour from its own resources.—( Hisses, and
cries of hear, hear.)—Was Ireland to plead poverty—were
ber coffers entirely gleaner ? Could she not send Mr.
O'Connell into Parliament without robbing the poor man?
—(Loud hissing, and cries of hear.)
After a few words from Mr. BARRETT,

Mr. D. RONA YNE said, he trusted that in this or any
other assembly of Irishmen an insinuation that Mr.
O'Connell was ancillary to the robbing of the poor man,
would never be tolerated.—(Loud cheers.)—His past
public life gave the lie to such an insinuation.—(Cheers.)
—Mr. Curran had adverted to Orange aggressions, and the
necessity of retaining the fund for injured Catholics who
might suffer by them. He thanked God that Orange violence
would no longer exist, because the Orange faction was now
rendered powerless. For this they were indebted to Mr.
O'Connell mainly, and to those men who were the fancied
objects of Mr. Curran's charity.—(Hear.)—What para-
amount advantages could be expected from 10,0001.,
doled out in sixpences? What immense national advan-
tages would result from 5,0001., when its expenditure
would assist in effecting the restoration of Mr. O'Connell
to the station in which he had been placed by the unpur-
chased votes of an honest constituency.—(Long continued
cheering.)

A Young Gentleman, whose name we could not learn,
said he was a contributor to the rent, and that he con-
curred in the sentiments put forward by Mr. Curran.
Mr. O'CONNELL rose, and was received with tremen-
dous cheerings. Silence was not obtained for several mi-
nutes. When, however, a healing was effected, he pro-
ceeded to the following effect :—Davy M'Cleary, I assure
you, Gentlemen, is no longer my master.—(A laugh.)—
Since my late extraordinary growth, I positively am as
big, as tall a man as little Davy. What a comfort to
think that I am as tall as little Davy.—(A buret of laugh-
ter.)—This late act, too, has given me an elevation so as
that I cannot be looked down upon by the great and won-
derful Sir Aby Baby King. Is it not something to have
lived to see the day when Ahy Baby can no longer
say that the Constitution has given him port and dimen-
sions superior to mine ?--(Loud laughter.)—lt must be
fairly allowed that we are both of us now on the same
stool, and that being the case, I will allow the illustrious
Baby to abuse me for the remainder of his life for no-
thing,—that is, without the cost of a reply on my part.—
(Laughter.)—Placed en one stool, I never shall seek the
benefit of a reply to the King's stationer ; I shall be con-
tented to be allowed the liberty merely of laughing at him.
—(Great applause and laughter.)—To be placed on a
footing with such renowned personages as Davy M'Cleary
and his brother Brunswicker, Sir Aby Baby, is a great
thing; but I own it has not half the value of the
relief we have got from the patronage of my Lord
Kingston and his like. —(Hear, hear. )—Many things
annoyed and galled me in the struggle, but nothing went
so near to setting me out of my wits as the patronage of
the Kingston tribe. Patronage, inequality, and all have
been shaken off! The load we have got rid of ought to
be equivalent to new leases of our lives; and how have we
relieved ourselves and saved the country ? By union, firm-
ness, perseverance, and subordination. I chaLenge the
whole tribe of proscribers—l challenge the base Orange
press to shew that we have purchased our victory by the
expense of one violation of the laws of God or man.—
(Hear, hear. )—The worst things of us came out in the
publication of the memorable correspondence between the
Duke of Wellington and the Most Noble (these last words
were very emphatically pronounced by Mr. O'Connell, and
enthusiastically cheered by the meeting)—the Most Noble
the Marquis of Anglesea. And what did that correspon-
dence disclose? Just that we were all most scrupulous
observers of the law ; and secondly, that a Protestant
Viceroy drank claret and eat venison, or something else, at
the house of a Protestant Nobleman.—(Great laughter.)
There were no other counts in the indictment.—(Hear.)
.—A revolution has occurred in our affairs certainly the
most decisive and important that had happened since the
revolt of the American Colonies. It has already produced
benefits incalculable, and will, no doubt, be the fountain of
new, and probably unthought- of benefits for Ireland. And
what brought about this glorious revolution ? Did it
arise from any "nett light" thrown in upon the

minds of his Majesty's Counsellors—were these the
workings of any " new reformation to which we are

to attribute this altered state of things? Upon this
subject let the language of Mr. Peel, in the Lower
House, inform the nations! He was so far from acknow-
_

ledging " new light," or " second reformation," that he
positively avowed his mind to he totally unaltered, and de-
clared his assent to the emancipating act to be the result
of necessity. alone. The Duke talked about the former
_ .

state of his mind, but avowed plainly enough that he
took a course that was forced upon him by circumstances.
He said the Irish agitators had amongst them lawyers,
who kept them out of harm's way.—(Laughter.)—He
asked whether noble Brunswickers had any notion that he
should go to war, and answered that if they had, he could
tell them there were no persons upon whom war could be
made.—(Hear, hear.)—He in short, admitted, as freely
as his colleague in the other House, that he was moved by
the force of circumstances, and that he found them resist.
less.—(Loud cheers.)—The payers of the Catholic Rent
gave freedom to Ireland.—(Tremendous cheering. )—I do
not, however, pretend to-say that the Duke had not much
merit. The hilt of his sword manifestly came into combat
with the thick skulls and lordly intolerants in a way the
most edifying and beneficial. There were 45 against us
one year, and 104 in favour of us the next. The argu-
ments, the logic, the reasoning, the equity, the justice were
the same in the two years, but the result was so very different
that the minority swelled t) a majority more remarkable
than any recorded in the annals even of the two Houses.—

(Hear, hear. )—The hilt of the sword or its sharp edge when
unsheathed must have been applied to some purpose to
dull and heretofore impenetrable noddles to produce a me-
tamorphosis so extraordinary.—(Great cheering.)__
Amongst the phenomena of the times must be reckoned
the fact that ten Bishops were amongst the majority of 104..
There is not a rent payer to the extent of one shilling a
year in all Ireland that had not his share in producing
the miracle which was clearly wrought on the ten Bishops.
—(Roars of laughter.)—Mr. O'Connell now proceeded to
remark at considerable length upon the Association Sup-
pression Act, and the law for the disfranchisement of the
forty shilling freeholders. Speaking of the Disfranchise-
ment Bill, he acquitted himself of all blame regarding it,
and declared that his greatest happiness would he to have
an opportunity in ParliaMent of seeking the repeal of both
Acts. We have only 100 Members. They were the
representatives at the Union of the forty-shilling free-
holders amongst others. In their regard and in other re-
spects the Union compact was declared to be final and
irrevocable. It is now broken in part, and I shall dis-
charge the most gratifying duty of my life in demanding
in my place in Parliament why it should not be abro-
gated altogether.—(Loud cheering.)—Mr. O'Connell now
proceeded to animadvert on the Relief Bill. He remarked
that it emancipated all other Catholics, but enacted a new
penal law specially applicable to himself. Though this was
the case, there were gentlemen ready to vow to God that no
unkindness was intended to him.—(A laugh.l—Mr. Peel
was amongst the number of these gentlemen, and in prov-
ing this proposition he made a most whimsical distinction
between personal and individual. He said, the thing was
not personal, though it clearly affected the individual.—
(A laugh.)—Mr. O'Connell remarked upon the things
called securities which were introduced into the Act—
securities against the introduction of the judge's wig and
the corporator's mace into the Catholic chapel, though the
thing that wears the wig and flourishes the mace, may
enter without the least peril to Church or State. The
whole solicitude, he said, is about the wig and the mace;
so they are kept from the contamination of the chapel all is
supposed to besafe.—(Laughter.)—This, he said, was Leslie
Foster's part of the act, and it is for this, he supposed, that
the determination was formed to put a judge's wig on his
own sconce.—(Laughter.)—Another part of the Bill re-
lated to the suppression of the monasteries, and the gradual
extermination of the friars. An attempt had been already
made in Ireland to destroy these moral and excellent men,
but from the blood of the martyrs a fresh generation had
arisen. The Jesuits were punished unheard. Should I
be in the House of Commons, at least it should be known
how unjust they were punished. The Irish want an ad-
vocate who can feel that he is pleading his own cause.--
-(Hear, hear.)—ls the situation of the people of Ireland
at the present moment such as it ought to be ? No.—
(Hear.)—They should have a poor rate, to be levied off
the property of the absentees.—(Hear and cheers.)—Who
is there that thinks that I would rob the poor of Ireland ?
—(Hear, hear.)—l would indeed rob them by being the
advocate of a just poor rate.—(Hear and cheers.)—Much
more yet remains to be done for Ireland. From this altar
I speak to the Protestants of Ireland—from this altar 1
address them, and say, do you wish to see Ireland as
as she ought to he—do you wish to see a resident Par-
liament in Dublin.—(Loud cheering.)—l tell you the
Parliament of • England is incompetent to legislate for
this country ;_they have too much business of their
own to do, and the fact is, that to the Parliament being
situated in London, we are to attribute the impoverishment
and degradation which is justly attributable to absenteeism.
We have had a Parliament in Ireland before now. I hope
I may be allowed to say that 1 have already made one great
step towards attaining the liberty of Ireland ; let the Pro-
testants of Ireland now join me, and we shall have our Par-
liament again.—(Cheers.)—I wish it to be distinctly un-
derstood that as Catholics we shall not seek for a repeal of
the Union—it would not become us to do so ; for now,
for the first time, have the Catholics experienced the
slightest benefit from that Union. But here is one Ca-
tholic, who, if a Protestant will join with him for the
purpose, will struggle for the repeal of that measure.
Mr. O'Connell sat down amid the most enthusiastic cheer-
ing from all parts of the meeting.
Mr. Fuca proposed a resolution of thanks to the most
Noble the Marquis of Anglesea.

Thanks were then voted to the Rev. Mr. L'Estrange, and
:he meeting adjourned.

GERMAN PAPERS.

BUCHAREST, MAY 12.--Reports have been in circula-
tion for a few days of a considerable action said to have
taken place at the beginning of this month (or as some say
on the fi9th or 30th April) on the right bank of the
Danube, between Hircbova and Silistria. There are va-
rious accounts of the affair. The first is, that General
Diebitsch himself went from Kalarasch to Hirchova,
where be crossed the Danube with a corps of troops; that
the Turks came from Silistria to meet it, and repulsed it
with considerable loss both in prisoners and artillery.—
This story seems to deserve no credit, because, according
to all the accounts that we have received, neither the
bridge at Hircheva, nor any other of the bridges which
the Russians intend to lay across the Danube, is ready. It
seems more probable that the Russian corps which win-
tered nn the right bank of the Danube, at Hirchova,
Ciernavado, Rassova, &c. had received orders to advance
towards Silistria, in order to support the operations
to be undertaken against that fortress from Kale-
rasch, and that the Turkish garrison of Silistria attacked
that corps, and, as it is said, drove it back
to Hirchova. A third account alleges that the Russians
are making a movement towards Silistria, and had indeed
suffered considerable loss, especially in prisoners (the
Russian officers here speak of 2,000 men) ; but that they
had taken a large quantity of cattle and corn intended for
Silistria. That something important has taken place
seems certain. We must wait a few days for the details.
VIENNA, MAY 25.—Metalliques 98 5-16. Bank
Shares, 1,109.

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TwRLVE o' CLOCK.

Consols, which left off yesterday at 881 for the Ac-
count, opened this morning at the same price, and at
present may be quoted 88i 1, but the business doing is of
minor importance.

The Foreign market is in the same state of stagnation.
The well informed in the City state that our Govern-
ment are determined to maintain peace, and that the late
orders sent out to Admiral Malcolm are not to:involve him-
self in any act of hostility.
A New York Journal of Commerce has been received
at the North and South American Coffee-house, of the Ist
of May, which brings accounts from St. Thomas's of the
13th of May, stating that Captain Anderson, of the
schooner Virginia, of Norfolk, confined on suspicion of
piracy, had been tried and convicted. It was said he de-
clared, in presence of several American Captains, that he
had taken two prizes, which he left to the windward, which
was generally believed, although he was intoxicated when
he made the above confession. The Senate have concurred
in the resolution to adjourn on the sth May. F. oin Liver-
pool they write, of the 3d inst., that a brig and three
schooners, inward bound, were off Holyhead, and two
brigs, inward bound, off Point Lynas.
TWO O'CLOCK.
Consols for the Account have been at 88k, alternately
buyers and sellers, during the morning.

FOUR O'CLOCK.—CLOSING PRICES.
Danish
Greek, 1825
Mexican, 1825
Peruvian
Russian 961
Spanish

Consols
Do. for Ac. 88fr
Brazilian Bonds 56}
Buenos Ayres
Chilian Do. --
Columbian, 1824
