1

I

I

Mr. WM. IllYiVNE.said that there was a great
difference beNteen popular .clamour and public 'opi-
nion. His mind was made up -on the subject; he
wished no furt her evidence. He thought the evi-
dence of Carolina acid the Barbadoes Assemby more
than sufficient.
Mr. HUGHAN spoke from local knoWledge.—
He had been ten years a resident in one of the
largest of the West.lndia Islands, and maintained,
from his own personal experience, that all the sto-
riesof cruelty to the Negroes were idle tales, whol-
ly unfounded or grossly exaggerated. The Honour-
ble Gentleman then recapitulated the different argu-
ments already urged against the, Bill. He dwelt
much upon the incurable slavery of Africa. -Mr.
Park had stated the proportion of slaves to freemen
as. 1 to. _3 but it appeared that when the King of
Bambarra took 900. prisoners, there were found
.among them but 70 freemen.
Mr. BROW NE followed on' the same side. He
thought
,the Slave Trade a political evil, but an un-
avoidable one, interwoven with the interests and
prosperity of Great Britain. He argued on the in-
adequacy of the Bill unless all the other Powers con-
curred in the abolition; as Great. Britain shared. but
one fifth of the trade • and insisted upon the ruin of
the Colonies by the failure of the continued supply
Of Negroes necessary to their cultivation.
Mr. BARHAM,. from his own experience, was
not U'arranted in supposing that the Negro population
could be kept up in the Colonies. He had not, on
his plantation, neglected any• means that humanity
or prudence could suggest to keep up his stock, to
Which be had determined for years back, not to add•
a single newly purchased slave, and yet he-had not
been able to succeed. IV any- means could be de-
vised fOr so desirable an end, he would be very hap•
py to make the experiment ; but he much feared
that none such was likely to offer. Still he was
•determined; upon the principles of humanity, to sup-
pm the Abolition,--regretting merely that it h'ad so
long continued—but deprecating any reproach on
the Merchants and Planters concerned in it. For
of any guilt that attached to this trade they were at
most but partners with the Parliament which tole-
rated it, and the country which profited so much
friorn it. These Planters, therefore, ought not now,
in his opinion, to be dismissed with censure, or
without that fair and honourable compensation to
Which they were entitled.
• Mr. COURTENAY spoke in favour of the Aboli-
tion, and eulogized, in glowing terms,.those distin •
guished per Sons who had so long struggled for its
attainment.
Sir RAIiIrMILBANKE and Mr. MONTAGUE spoke
•
-on the 'same side.
Mr. BAT4URST was for a' Gradual Abolition, and
questioned the practicability of an immediate Abo-
lition.
A Member, whose-name we could not learn; con-,'
tended that:the Abolition itself would furnish ample
.compensation to-the Planters; as it must naturally
tend to enhance-the value of their present Negroes
end Plantations, while he argued that a .Continuance
of this traffic -would, by operating to increase the
mans of cultivation, 'serve to extmd the produce,
• which was already superabundant, and thus lead to
the ruin of the Planters more immediately and
effectively than Could, by any calculation, be appre-
4ended from an immediate abolition.
Amidst a loud cry of question !' question !.
Mr. IFINDH4M rose, and said, that from the
lateness of the hoifir and the eagerness which •the
House very naturally felt to go into the Committee,
he should 'reserve the, •sentiments which he -enter-
tained upon this important subject, for another stage
'of this Bill., Differing, as he did upon this question,
from many of those whom he most respected and
es:Cemed, he was naturally, desirous-for an opportu-
nity of stating the grounds which appeared to his
Mind to justify this difference. With all the rever-
ence which he felt for the principles of justice and
humanity, still he confessed that he had not courage
to come to the decision which the advocates. of this
measure proposed ; contemplating, as he did, the
effects which its adoption threatened to produce ;
apprehending from if; and 'at no very distant period
too, no-less than the ruin of the country. He most
fervently wished that these apprehensions would
prove to be unfounded ; but yet they had made such
an impression on his mind, that considering the
tfeceasity for the passing of this Bill was not on the
score of morality so overruling as to leave no Option,
he could fiot,forbear, consistently .with his sense of
duty, to. resist it. As. those Gentlemen who sup-
ported the Bill were anxious to wash their hands of
the guilt which appeared to them to attach to the
tiaffie it proposed to abolish, so he was equally
anxious to. wash his hands of the consequences which
that abolition in his judgment threatened-to produce.
Mr. IP MTBR.EAD rose about one o'clock, and
in one of the moat, interesting, argumentative, and
impressive speeelTs .we have heard Upon the sub-
kat, entered:fully into ita.merits.• He began by ex-
pressht his astonishment and regret; considering
the Mind and feelings, of his
,Right Hon.. Friend
wh had just sat doWn, that he should be found 'to
abandon the' sentiments which he originally held
and's° ably' maintained upon this question—a sen-
timent indeed which was grounded npon conviaion,
so strong, that he once stated the justice and ne-
cessity which called for the Abolition Of this odious
traffic- to be perfea 'IY for.
After hearing
his Right
or any man, so directly con-
tradia that opinion, he could not refrain from rising
adherence to the ()Pinion
to express 'his decided-
which be had before declared upon this important
topic. As to' thOse who . expressed a wish for Gra-
dual' Abolition, he could not help considering them
as any other than Anti-Abolitionists ; for they held,
the same language several .years ago.; and in point
ofifaa, according to their mode of reasoning, the
time for immediate Abolition would never come.*
Eat the Most singular arguments of the opponents
of this measure, who pleaded for a Gradual Aboli-
tion, proceeded from those who maintained-that the
pppulation could nOt at all 'be-kept up in the Co,
lollies, and still they. told the HOuse to wait until
means could he found to keep up that population,
acid then they would_ not object to the .Abolition'.
With regard to the, assertion, that language had
been -u-ed wtieh served only to excite the passions,
he should.loniy observe, that his sutri,e. was to find
the debate so cool. What ! 'that the friends of this ,
Thu should b 7! engaged in a caieulat ion between .Eng-,
and ~Atistcan blood ; that they shOuttl be
, . •
.•7' :t
:no profit TOTill--tirdcrWed-frOrn-
.. . is thAn r)bbory „and near-

der; and that is order to persuade the trilitli,Par-,
liament to give up the pursuit, it should be necessary
to shew that no pecuniary loss. could arise-to the
country ! The idea was degrading, as intolerable ;
but still the proof had been given, and long since
too by. Mr. Pitt : and after all this, the trade was
persisted in. With regard to the assertion of one of
the adversaries,Of this Bill, that one English labourer
did more work than ten Negroes, he conceived:that
a strong argument in favour of the measure. For
what did it prove ? Why, that all the influence of
arbitrary power, coercion, and torture,
.could not
extort from a slave one-tenth .as. much labour, as
could be voluntarily obtained from one -freeman.—
The Honourable Member, after deprecating the idea
of arguing this question merely upon the grounds
of policy and expediency, concluded with declaring.
his decided opposition to the principle of compen-
sation in the first instance ; for if the door were.,
opened to such a principle, it was impossible to cal
culate to what it would lead—perhaps to an extent
Which the English Treasury would be Insufticitmt
to satisfy. He could not conceive any, principle
of compensation the Planters could now assert,
unless that of a claim for prospective profits ; and
where could such a claim terminate ? If a case
of critical loss should hereafter be made. out, it
Would then be time enough for the House to con-
sider it.

Mr. FULLER opposed the Bill ; and Mr. HER-
BERT, of Kerry, supported it:
Lord Howtcx stated, that at that hour he
would not enter fully into his reply but should re-
serve himself for the period when his Right -Ho-
nourable Friend (Mr. Windham) should deliver hi 3
sentiments at large upon the subject. At present
he would merely move that the Speaker should leave
the Chair, the Blanks be filled up, and the Amend-
ments introduced pro forma. • . •
These. Motions were- accordingly put and carried,
the House 'resumed, the Report was received, and
ordered to be re-committed on Wednesday next, it
being understood that there will be no objection to
the Speaker's leaving the Chair on that occasion.
Adjourned to Monday.

MAILS.
Aitatvzp—z Gibraltar and Malta, t Dublin, t Waterford.
Dus—; Gottenburgh, t Lisbon, t Dublin, t Waterford.

PRICE OF STOCKS
TDIS DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Consols

THE SUN.

lIOLLM QUIS DICIRE I.A;itIM AUDEIL7I?

2, D 0 N,

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1607.

Tn E Cornwallis Packet has arrived at Falmouth
with the Mails from Malta and Gibraltar. Lord
CowNoWoou's Fleet before Cadiz, were all well,
and iu expeetation that the Combined Fleet would
venture out; but we fear that .that expeaation will
be disappointed. The Packet sailed from Gibraltar
itt company with the
,lia/cyon Sloop .of War, 'and
about ict MerchaniMen,:Under her Convoy for Eng-
land. . •

WE yesterday stated the terms upon which the
Loan for the service of the year is to be Cont6oed
for, but we were prevented, by the lateness of the.
hour at which the Meeting took place between Lord
GRENVILLE and the Gentlemen who wished to cOn-
tra&for the Loan, 'from detailing. the substance of
the conversation, which took plaCe. The awount of
the Loan is to be, for Great Britain, 12,000,0001.
and .a Supplementary Loan of 20040001. ; and for Ire-
land 2,0c0,0001. His Lordship also informed the Gen-,
tlemen that a further Loanof i,504,0001. would be re=
q 4ired for the Service oflreland,which it was proposed
to raise in England, and to make the Interest payable
at the Bank of England, and also that Government,.
reserve to itself the,Option of a Vote of Credit for
Three Millions, to be raised by Exchequer Bills.—
One of the Gentlemen who attended asked Lord
GkEwv-tit.z whether it was intended to pay off any
part of the Loyalty Loan this year ? His Lordship re-.:
plied it was intended to pay Off 800,0001. this year.,
The Contraors then wished to obtain some in-
formation upon the, subjeit of Subsidies ; but Lord
GRENVILLE said that Government could not pledge
itself upon that subje&, but must be left at liberty
to a& according to Circumstances.
The Parties who attended were,

Messrs. Gotnsm ID and Co.
Messrs. BARNES, RICARDO, and CO.
Messrs. BARING, arid Co.
Messrs. ROBARTS, CURTIS, and Co.

YESTERDAY afternoon a Gottenturgh Mail ar—
rived i it-contains nothing but a confirmation of the
intelligence which reached this Country several days
ago, of the investment of Stralsund by the French.

THEIR MAJESTIES did not stir out of Windsor
Castle yesterday, owing to the coldness of the
Weather.

•
Yesterday the 11INCESSES, accompanied by the
Dtrkc of CU:',.IBERLAND, with their usual attendants,
rode out for about two hours.

•
.Lieuterant-Geheral SIMON FRASER goes out as
Commander in Chief, with a Star}, to Nova Scotia,
in place of General GARDINER, deceased. , -
tHE ORATORIO.- ThiS Entertainment is so ably
brought forward at Covent Garden Theatre; that it
. inereqes every night iri attraaion. The Seleaion of
last night was admirable. BRA'II,AM was most warm-
ly applauded Conte if ye Dai-e,". and in " Gentle
"firs ;," in the latter of which he was most delight-
fully accompanied by. Ms, C: ASIILEY the
". The- Battle Naida," was,' as ilium],
-;-verrsuccessful. The ChorusEes, were full, corre6l,
and itnpr;..ssive. - -
