STATE OF THE POLLS.

Newcastle-under-Line, Jan. 5. I Hertford, Jan. 5.
Peel
Miller
Willoughby 232i110n.W. Cowper 255
Tewkesbury, Jan. 5. i Sudbury, Jan. 5.
Martin
Tracey 169 Smith
Dowdeswell 165 Barnes 246
St. Albans, Jan. 5. Stevens
Grimston .. - 84 Dudley, Jan. 5.
Ward
Beresford 66 Forbes

322
• 215

ELECTIONS FIXED.

METROPOLIS.
County of Middlesex-Monday, Jan. 12.
Borough of Finsbury-Wednesday, Jan. 7.
Tower Hamlets-Wednesday, Jan. 7.
Marylebone-Wednesday, Jan. 7.
Lambeth--Friday, Jan. 9.
COUNTIES.
Anglesea-Jan. 14. No opposition
Bedford-Jan. 13.
Berks-Jan. 19.
Bitekingharnshire-Jan. 10.
Cambridgeshire-Jan. 12.
Carmarthen-Jan. 16.
Cumberland, West Division-Jan. 17.
Derby, Southern Division-Jan. 20.
Durham, North Division-Jan. 12.
Edinburgh-Jan. 13.
Essex, Northern Division-Saturday, Jan, 10. Southern Divi-
sion--Monday, Jan. 12.
Glamorganshire-No opposition expected to Mr. Talbot.
Hants, North Division-Jsn, 12. South Division, Jan. 16.
Hereford-Jan 12.
Hertford-Jan. 14.
Huntingdon, Northern Division-Jan. 12. Southern Division-
Jan.
13.
Isle of Ely-Jan. 15.
Kent, Western Division-Jan, 19.
Lancashire, South Division-Jan. 20.
Leicester, North Division-Jan. 10. South Division-Jan. 15.
Lincolnshire, Part of Lindsey-Jan. 19.
Monmouth-Jan. 15.
Norfolk, West Division-Jan. 12. East Division--Jan. 20.
Northampton, South Division-January 10. Northern Division-
January 15. •

Northumberland, South Division, Jan. 12. North Division—
Jan. 14.
Nottingham, East Division—Jan. 12. South Division, Jan. 12.
Pembroke—Jan. 13—No opposition to Sir John Owen.
Radlior—Jan. 13.
Rutland—Jan. 10.
Stafford, Northern Division—Jan. 10. Southern Division—
Ja.A. 12.
Suffolk, East Division—Jan. 13. Western Division—Jan. 15.
Somersetshire, Eastern Division—Jan. 15.
Surrey, Western Division—Monday, Jan. 12, at Guildford,
Eastern Division—Jan. 14, at Croydon.
Wiltshire, Northern Division—Jan. 12. Southern Division,
Jan. 14.
Worcestershire, Eastern Division—Jan. 12.
Warwick, North Division—Jan. 13.
Yorkshire, North Riding—Jan. 14. West Riding—Jan, 20,
CITIES.
Gloucest•:7, Jan. 7. •
I.l`:lttield, Jan. 7.
'Norwich, Jan. 6.
Winchester, Jan. 8.

Bath, Jan. 7.
Bristol, Jan. 7.
Canterbury, Jan. 9.
Chichester, Jan. 6.
Edinburgh, Jan. 12,

UNIVERSITY.
Cambridge—Monday, Jan. 7.
No opposition to the late Alembers expected.

Ashton, Jan. 8.
Beaumaris, Jan. 8.
Bedford, Jan. 9.
Berwick, Jan. 6.
Birmingham, Jan. 9.
Blackburn, Jan. 8.
Bolton, Jan. 6.
Brighton, Jan. 8.
Bury St. Edmunds, Jan. 8.
Bridport, Jan. 6.
Cambridge, Jan. 7.
Carnarvon, Jan. 8.
Chatham, Jan. 7.
Coekermouth, Jan. 6.
Colchester, Jan. 6.
Cricklade, Jan. 9.
Derby, Jan. 6.
Devizes, Jan. 6.
Devonport, Jan. 7.
Dover, Jan. 6.
Droitwich, Jan. 7.
Evesham, Jan. 6.
Grantham, Jan. 6.
Grimsby, Great, Jan. 6.
Guildford, Jan. 6.
Harwich, Jan. 6.
Hastings, Jan. 6.
Haverfordwest, Jan. 8.
Honiton, Jan. 6.
Hull, Jan. 6.
Huntingdon, Jan. 7.
Kidderminster, Jan. 7.
Leicester, Jan. 6.
Leith, Jan. 14.
Lewes, Jan. 6.
Liverpool, Jah 6.
Lymington, Jan. 6.

THE SUN, LON DON, VIPS DAY, JANUARY 6,183 N

cries of " No.") That bill asserted thel at Abe,
YoHt01.1&.! !TIP there were not more than 960
persons assembled, and that of these not more than 300
were electors. He knew not how this gentleman could tell
whether they were electors or not—perhaps he could tell by
the cut of their coat, or by their phrsiognerny—( Laughter
and cheers)—but he had the ,Itarditio;id 3.0 ftS!-lert tlifft there
were not nwts: ttan 'three hundred electors present. He also
asserted that there was no unanimity at the meeting ; but who
were the dissentients? One, a man who never paid rent nor
taxes, and the other, a gentleman from Wigmore-street, whom
he was sorry to see in such company.—( Laughter and cheers.)
Thus there were only three dissentients, although there were
more than 2,090 persont tagSenibled there. Anothth' candidate
came forward et it ettadjtaot.' tO Ste Williaiii Horne, he rileant
Mr. Young. That gentleman was put forward by a clique
meeting in Edward-street. Some time ago, an eminent lecturer
residing not one hundred miles from Langham-place, had ad-
dressed a meeting with respect to a national system of educa-
tion, and it was a curious coincidence. that the meeting in Ed-
ward-street applauded the ttatetilerit that the CdaiilatiOn df the
working vb_tes.had gone too far—that the bricklayer and
mason were better employed in attending to their tools—that,
in short, the working classes were sufficiently or over-edu-
cated.—( Uproar.) He would not take up more of their.time ;
he only wished to show what the feeling of these trip eandi-
dates were, and what etedefilliih they brought forward.
Would they Wend ill= into the House of Commons ?—( Cries
of No, no.) The question was, whether they would see the
people triumphant, or public opinion put dawn by the sword.
If they selected the two men to whom he had alluded they
would find that their opinions would change according to the
circumstances in which they were placed: There must be no
division among Consistent anti liberal reformers.—( Cheers.)
One word more and he had done. Let there be no mistake
—let the votes of every sincere reformer be in favour of Whal-
ley and Bulwer.—( Loud cheers.) There were no hirelings
among the friends of those gentlemen, and they would scorn
to take the gold of a rich candidate. They were sinoerei
nest, and faithfiel, afid he wa§ gatiAed that they would per
their duty ably and do honour to the borough of Maryle-
bene.___( Loud cheering.)
Mr. HOVENDEN came forward to propose to
,them, as a gep-
tlemen well qualified to represent them hi earliarriciit, Atr.
Henry Lytton Iltiltner. Ile had ventured to do so, although
he beltmged to that despised body the vestrymen of this parish.
They were aware that the dignity of salary was not attached
to this laborious offipe7—they get.te gilaiaitously
to their felltn.V parishioners, and if by their exertions
they had saved the poor rate payers the sum of 70,0001. an-
nually, he begged to know, what great man of the parish was
better qualified to come forward and recommend a. CRntlidEsteto
their notice than one or the despised vestrymen ?_( Loud
sharing.) He would merely observe upon the utter disin-
genuousness of those persons who, not being born idiots, ven-
tured not to draw the distinction between recommending and
dictating.—( Hear, hear.) He would be glad to know what
objection there could be to A. Ve§lqn-lati t.'er•Tirnnietictliig
candidate ?—; Loud cheers:) the Mating of
i% 'S 140 vestry-
men, which had !letyle the rump, (and he would be glad
to know velt!-; Were the head) had recommended two candidates
to their notice, and a public meeting of 2,000 electors had
confirmed that recommendation. The man who 010. iilhitj
were only 300 electors, psnetilt 't lied
th 'in his teeth."—(Tre-
men's chiselling.. ) He would say no more upon that paltry
tebject. The true question was to make a comparison be-
tween the candidates recommended to that meeting' and those
by whom they were opposed, tltheti-t Sir W. Ildfne),
who had been theie hale Metiab6i', hilt tie trusted would not be
Re ofes,‘ahl,. La told them that if he was again returned he would
be what TIC hitherto had been. He was a man of honour, and
he ( Mr. H.) believed him. Sir William would be precisely
what he had been A friend of his (Mr. IL) behind him in-
tended to diestset Ir William Horne's political conduct.
Without interfering with that gentleman's surgical
tics, he would tell them what was the subjeef of the dISL
section briefly.—( Hear, hear.) Nta had tikk6u out sixty-
four votes neon li'fiii'jn'tani questions during the last
session, itha how many of those did they imagine had Sir W.
Horne recorded his opinion upon ?—( A voice in the crowd
cried out Three.) No, let them do him justice, he had voted
upon four of those Ruestiongs----4 Orertt On Ili(e8
of those peeesir.i 110 had Voted against the popular rights. )
(A Intitl in the crowd who had been very conspicuous in en-
deavouring to interrupt the speaker was here laid hold of by
several of the persons aroundlinn, who knocked off his hat and
endeavoured to force him awayfrom the hustings: )
Mr. Hevrrqql!: rqii(Med they would not ill treat the man,
e ti i'.;-•del• was again restored. He would advise so many as had
an opportunity to read a very useful book, entitled ,‘ The •
Electors' Book of the Reformed Parliament." Sir William
Horne was, he admitted, a very able inani but, at the same
time, was very ludoknt, and wliether they elected him or not,
It VeU their duty to decide. He feared that his talents would
not counteract his indolence. Sir William had stated, that
he did not think it his business to attend party meetings, al-
though composed of thousands of electors. He (Mr. H.) ad-
mitted that private petty meetings It was not his business to
attend, but all great public questions were now discussed at
party meetings. What was their last great meeting but a
party meeting, to deliberate upon the dismissal of his Ma-
jesty's Ministers ? but, forsooth Sir Horne did not think
it his duty to amend the Mating, and instruct the electors.
On those tiro grounds, his improper Parliamentary conduct,
and his contempt of the electors, he (Mr. H.) opposed him ;
and if they returned-him, they deserved (to use Sir William's
own mild and dignified language), " to be spurned like foot-
balls."—(Great disapprobation and uproar.) There were,
however, some broad shoulders among theM, and the work
might be as unpleasant as it was ungentlemanly. Of Mr. Young
he would my but little; he was a very amiable man,
but either lie estimated the qualities of a senator much lower
than he ( Mr. H.) did, or he possessed them in a higher de-
gree than lie (Mr. H.) gave him credit for, He might be
the eighth wonder of the world, but his life had hitherto been
hid under a bushel.—(Laughter and cheers.) Would they
send an untried man into Parliament at that important crisis.
—(Cries of " No.") Let them contrast him with Mr. H. L.
Bulwer. He (Mr. H.) would not say what he would do, but
he would refer them to what he had done. For several years
he had advocated the extension of the suffrage, triennial par-
liaments, the repeal of the window tax, vote by ballot, and on
every other occasion when the rights of the people were con-
cerned he had been on the right side.—( A voice in the crowd,
" The pension list.") He thanked that elector, for Mr.
Bulwer voted against the abominable pension list.
Was that the sort of man they wanted ?—( Cheering, and cries
of " Yes, yes.") Then let them send him to Parliament.—
(Great applause.) Let them not make the borough'of Mary-
lebone an easy chair for such indolent men as Sir W. Horne,
or a go-cart for sucking statesmen.—(Great laughter and
cheers.) For a series of years Mr. Bulwer had been exerting
himself on the part of the people. He would conclude by
calling on them to do credit to themselves, and at the same
time consult the best interests of the country, by returning
as one of the representatives H. Lytton Bulwer.—(Tremen-
dous cheerincr.)

Dr. FELLOWES said that the battle on the present occasion
was about to be fought between the Whigs and the Tories—
between the liberal and the servile—between the friends and
the enemies of civil and religious liberty. He was an old Re-
former, and he came forward on the present occasion to support
that cause. The question to be decided was, whether the
frien s of liberty were to be triumphant, or whether they
should again sink into that oligarchical abyss from which
they had just emerged ?—(loud cheers)--whether they
preferred good government to bad, or liberty to slavery—
(cheers)—whether they preferred a Government without a
long list of titled paupers, or one that had that disgraceful
and abominable appendage attached to it. If their sentiments
were so, they must send a true, honest, and unflinching Re-
former to Parliament. With respect to Sir Samuel Whalley,
enough, but not too much, had already been said of him.
With respect to Mr. Bulwer, he was not a lawyer who would
speak on both sides without caring on which.—( Cheers and
hooting.) He was not a young sappling, for he had the sturdy
oak of English liberty in his heart. In him they would always
find the bold assertor of their rights, and the champion of their
liberties. lie would neither seek nor fear the smiles of the
Court —( Continued cheering.) This was the man to
whom their liberties could be best confided, and by whose
exertions the greatest benefits could be conferred. The pre-
sent Ministry was too like that of France, the principle of
which had been resistance to the extention of all popular rights
—to the enlargement of the franchise—to the vote by ballot,
and to all the other great securities of their liberties. It had
been said—" Try the present Ministry."' They had been
already tried, and had been found wanting. They had been
tried during more than half a century of bad government, mis-
rule, and pressure on the industry of the lower classes, which had
never been witnessed among any of the nations of the earth.
It had been said " Try the Duke, he is a Refermer—he has
only waited for the present opportunity to show his love of
Reform—( Groans, and loud disapprobation.) He (Dr. F.)
would say try the wolf—let him into the fold, he is a gentle
animal, and will not worry the sheep, he will only fondle the
lambs—( Laughter, and great cheering.) He (Dr. F.) would
say that the wolf was an animal fond of blood, and on the
same principle lie would say that he must be an eloquent man
who would convince him (Dr. F.) that the Duke of
Wellington did not hate liberty—(Loud cheers.) Mr. Bulwer
was a gentleman whose mind was accomplished in the highest
degree by intense study, by travel, and by every thing that
can adorn the man, and befit him for such a station as he
trusted they would place him in.--( Cheers.) He would con-
clude by requesting that as they valued their rights, and all
that was dear to them, they would place those two gentlemen
as their Representatives in Parliament. (Loud cheering.)
[A PLACARD was here brought forward, and placed in front
of the hustings, announcing that the Reformers were about
two hundred a-head of their opponents on the poll at the City
election. The appearance of the placard was hailed with the
most enthusiastic cheering and waving of hats by the meeting.]
Mr. SHAW observed that lie would first congratulate them
on the state of the poll at the city election: He was quite
sure that the reformers of Marylebone would do their duty as
well as those of the city. It was gratifying that no Tory—
no advocate of the present Administration, had dared to show
his face in their borough.--( Great cheering.) They had
several candidates, but they were all opposed to the present
Administration. He had great satisfaction in nominating a
gentleman who, if returned by them, would advocate all the
great cardinal points on which their liberties hinged.
His conduct would be that of an unflinching advocate
of the ballot—of triennial Parliaments, and of all their rights
and liberties. He was determined that the present ministry
should not stand—that would be his first and principle object,
and he would use all his efforts to vote these men out of office.
Mr. Young had not had an opportunity of presenting himself
to them before—( Hisses and great uproar)—but if he was re
turned he was satisfied that the electors of Marylebone would
have no reason to repent of their choice.—( Cheers and disap-
probation.)
Mr. BRIDGMAN said that a great charge had been brought

against. Mr. Young-that he had not been in the habit of at-
tenaiti pude fetitttfig. l,kt ftip do pe° was, that they had re-
fused to hear him.., The old Engll 1 t lobo Pod }fool to hear
both sides and then judge. If they did not hear Min
he must-how to it. He now begged to second the nomina-
tion of Mr. ..Young---( Uproar. . and disapprobation)—and he
t 6.11 thOtti thd.getiutids *limn whieh he did so: He was
a. gentleman' of independent character air of tt»blemished
-private character. It. had been said that Mr. Young was
Tory, but would he be a Tory when he advocated the exten-
sion of suffrage, and the shortening of Parliaments—Reform
in the Church, and a dissolution of the Irish Church—( Cheers
and hissing.) Mr. Young hdd pledged himself to maintain
thege principles, and he would not flinch from them without tOr-.
felting atiify dlaith to honour.- It was not his intention to trespass
long upon their tiffie. Arridog th,q four candidates there was
not one better entitled to their suftrageg Plan Mr. c, ,Youn.—
( Groaning and some cheering.) It had been said that Ili ttas
unknown—let the electors try him, and then they, would know
him-4 Disapprobation)—public clamour had never favoured
the datiga cit thi3 ,etiple; attd wytsyitintanding their diSinclination
to hear him, he was satisfied Mr. Young iViitild'ittaintain a re-
spectable position in the poll. An anonymous placard had
been 'circulated among the electors, and he (Mr. B.) had been
charged with being the author of it, but that he most distinctly
denied;--,-( Cries of " Names': 0111 " Who is," and great uproar. )
The meetings were held in the vestrprooill, tho address
printed by the parish printer, on parish paper, signed-by the
vestry-clerk, and circulated by the parish beadle:

The meetinfr here became .impatient, and called out repeat-
edly " Olt, off," and

Sir ;WILLIAM HORNE, on presenting himself, was greeted
*ith laughter hisses, groans, and a few cheers. As men of
honour he had fiti tvould,sive.him a hearing, for he
intended to say but a few words. Of himself td paopoeed to
say nothing. In answer 'to a very loud speaker he would say,
he was mistaken in supposing there was any coalition or
conjunction between him and any other candidate.
'He date foral'ard Hai **vat§ ago; and they returned him from
his known conduct in `Parliament and lilt altdehment to Re-
form. He was a Member of the two preceding Parliarneaig,
In 1830 he struggled for their rights—he missed no debate—
qp division—but dev9ted his whole time to that struggle.
That Parliament Was eig;slVted itch Ito reform could not then
be carried, and he was re-elected, and purstnid Ills .erne
course until he obtained for them the triumph of Reform.
He had nqt changed, his policy nor his opinions ; but
had ever been doti;isfelit. He we, one of those who
had voted for their good, and in support d tneif privileges,
without wasting the public time by idle speaking. If heal
not done all that was practicable for their benefit, let them re-
jeet him: He did !Mt triudc in poreslarity, but his sole object
was to promote the progress of Reforiii. The work of the
candidates was over, but the work of the electors was now be,
ginning ; and he being one of those who obtained for them
their elective franchise, put it to them whether their duty
Wag tiOt tai /eturn him: He never submitted to any
Pinta, and he might he unlifpttlar heeattse he did
not bring a letter of recommendation from the parish authorl-
ties.—(lncreased clamour.) He left them to decide whether
he was wrong or not:—( A paper here exhibited with the ques-
tioil"lVhri is Ite ?"). Ildisvould answer that in good humour :
tie woutu praise to librisdif, 116 wits ap honest amen
as any in the kingdom, and his conduct in reference td the
house and window taxes proved him to be friendly to the people.
—( Great uproar.) As they would not hear him, he would
detln them no longer, but conclude by asking them for their
Siiffragg, with the Most eernest desire to sertie them faithfully,
and as an honest man might 614/ islY, that he felt no diffidence
as to the justice and success of his cause.—< drag tipfoar, )
Sir SAMUEL WHALLEY, on coming forward, -was unilferSally
cheered. Appearing as he did with great diffidence, as he
must do at their kindness and silence,—when he looked back
uponthe exercise of the trust reposed in him, involving not
Only,, their libeyties hitt that of all their fellow-subjects, he was
hilpreaSed with daid lest he should hate failed in his duty,
but he had the satisfaction of knowing that, froin one end of'
this great borough to the other, no one had lodged a complaint
against him. He had served them at least faithfully, if not
so effectively as he could have desired.—( Hear, and cheers. )
fn tinies of domestic peace, when the trade of England was
felliVizig, add did pooptd Otte settling down into quiet indus-
try, the King, in the exercise of his prerogative, thought fit
to dismiss the constitutional advisers of the Crown, and
to dissolve the Reformed Parlian ent.—( Hear, hear.)
Whatever might have been the faults of that Parliament,
its adtiertaties honoured it by dissolving it, because thereby
they inscribed on its tomb that it could net be corrupted, and
turned against the people-4 Cheers.) He did net impugn
the prerogative of the King, but his new advisers had per-
suaded his Majesty to exercise it unnecessarily. They had
bad the presumption almost to declare that the King had
dissolved the late Parliament, for the purpose of advancing
their ambition, and strengthening their party.—( Laughter. )
Was it not rather the consequence of Court influence ?—( Hear,
hear.) I think (continued Sir S. Whalley) we need not go
far to know the materials of which the Court is composed when
we recollect the feeble and unwilling defence the late Minis-
ters made in behalf of the Pension List.—( Hear.) 'We can-
not wonder if those butterfly courtiers and plaguing old women
by which the Court is beset took the alarm, and tried to per-
suade the King that his people were equally apprehensive of
those coming Reforms which we were all preparing to hail
with shouts of approbation.—( Hear, hear.) Does it not
occur to your minds that soon after the last qUarter-day, when
those said pensionists at some convivial meeting, while over
their cups and drinking prosperity to the Pension List, or
perhaps while drinking your healths out of whose pockets the
pensions are paid—(Laughter)--Ldoes it not occur that while
raising such a toast with three times three, the thought might
flash upon their minds that three tinies three was the identical
number by which the odious Pension List was on one occasion
saved from destruction ?—( Hear, hear.) Need we go much
farther to ask for the reasons which caused the dissolution of
the late Parliament ? No. We know that various unjust
grounds have been alleged, but the true reason is that the
Representatives of the people were dismissed because it was
known they would be the-people's Representatives. The late
Parliament was dissolved, because it had been well ascertained
that it would do its duty to the country..--( Hear, hear.) Will
the country, then, submit to be thus insulted and mocked ?
Will it be, or are you willing to elect, a House of Commons
which is expected not to be a House of Commons ?—(Hear,
hear.) I should shame to acknowledge myself a Briton, if I
could for one moment believe the present movement will ter-
minate in such a result.—( Hear, hear.) But can you not
easily believe that our King, who was hourly teased by inte-
rested parties, and constantly told people were dissatisfied—
may we not, I say, believe, that in pursuanee of that dis-
position which three years ago he evinced to comply with the
wishes of his people, he dismissed his Ministers, and appealed
to the people again? May we not conclude that, as he wished
to know the sense of the people on the expediency of Re-
form, so now does he wish to know the expediency of proceed-
ing upon the principles of Reform, and of carrying into effect
a purification and renovation of all our existing institutions—
or of retiring back again to the reign of Tory misrule, bigotry,
extravagance, and corruption ?—( Hear, hear,) Should, how-
ever, such a dire alternative be the result of the present
elections I shall rejoice that the ports of China and the eastern
world are open to the enterprise of British merchants. I shall
find comfort in the reflection, that by the repeal of taxes, par-
ticularly the House-tax, we have lessened the means of cor-
ruption. And I thank God that we have set the captive free,
and that no man hereafter shall fetter the chains of slavery.—
( Cheers.) But no such result will follow the present elec-
tions. I would not, for a moment, believe my countrymen
will be false and treacherous to themselves, or so
unwise as to be lulled into defensive security, or
be led away by those more general professions of Reform
which mean anything or nothing.—( Hear, hear.) When I
appeared before you first, I told you I belonged to no party.
I knew not how to class myself—l was neither a Whig, Tory,
or Radical ; but I avowed my only party to be the party of
the people.----( Cheers.) In coming forward to represent this
borough, I looked only to the independent spirit of the elec-
tors, and threw myself with confidence upon it, and I found
it to be a rock which supported me against every opposition,
and it carried me into Parliament by a triumphant majority
of 812 votes. —( Cheers.) When I entered that House I
gave my allegiance, as I was in duty bound to do,
to those who sent me there ; I attached myself to no party ;
I was as often found opposing the measures of the Whigs, as
in opposition to the designs of the Tories : and when I made
that promise,- I told you, I would look to measures and not to
men, and I was bound in honour to act upon that principle, I
had the pleasure to support good and sound measures of the
Whigs, and very excellent measures introduced by inde-
pendent members, I here declare before you, in the face of
day, I never had a single opportunity of supporting any
measure brought forward by the Tories.—(Cheers and
laughter.) If, therefore, they never gave me an opportunity
of giving them a single vote, am I fool enough, now, to sup-
pose they ever will ?—( Hear, hear.) I promised I would not
become a partizan of the late Government, and I will now make
you another promise, I will never cease from determined oppo-
sition to the, present Government.—(Loud cheers.) Do I
speak this as a party man ? Of all men present I think I
am the least subject to such an accusation. I have judged of
the late Administration out of their own mouth. I have mea-
sured them by their own standard, and find them wanting—
Knatchbull is too short—Stormont is too long—at least his
body is too long, but his head is short enough. Baring is too
changeable—Goulbourn is too bigoted.—( Laughter.) Wel-
lington is too despotic—(loud groans)—Peel is too jesuitical
—.(repeated laughter)—and to sum them all up, they are all
" too bad."—( Great laughter, and cheers.) I know Peel avows
himself a Reformer, but not of the stamp that I can support.
He says he will give Municipal Corporations his consideration.
I fancy that not only this constituency, but every other, will
soon afford him a more serious matter for consideration, and
relieve him from the necessity of bestowing any consideration
on Corporation Reforms.—( Cheers.) Remember there is no
mistake about the men. We know them, and that the
success of their measures would be the downfall of all
that is valuable to us—it would be the destruction of the
hopes of the Dissenters—it would carry consternation to
the aspirants for liberty from one end of the known world
to the other. It would raise the hopes of the advocates of
corruption, and the legitimacy of despotism ; and it would, I
believe, from my heart, destroy the prosperity of the country,
—injure the public peace—weaken all the institu-
tions we hold valuable—( Hear, hear)--=and undermine
the stability of the Throne itself.-=( Loud cries of hear, hear !
and cheers.) Now to you I would say, discard all personal
considerations—judge of your candidates by their past conduct,
and I have no doubt that your conduct will do good to the ge-
neral cause of the people. Be resolute, active, and early at
your post. We have now to win the last battle—for the
more glorious the victory on this occasion, the less
likely are we again to be summoned 'to the field.
Go forward, then, united heart and hand, and I shall be a
traitor to your cause if I could for a single moment
doubt that the most signal success will crown your efforts.—

(Loud Chem ) A noble example has been mentioned to you,
and another is IMO' held out the reformers of the City.
Already they have read a lesson to the Tories._( Great
ttheering.) They did contrive last election to insinuate one
member Of their own class; but they now lost laini.—(Laugh'
ther and cheers.) The lowest reform candidate stands 218
above the highest Tory.—( Loud cheers.) This has been ef-
fected in the short space of two hours—and I have no doubt
dial before the day is out they will make the majority
two thousand.._-( Great cheering.) I don't know that I ever
publicly asked a favour of you before, but you will confer a
signal favour upon me now if you will give me a majority of
two thousand.—(Laughter.) The Hon. Gentleman retired
amidst loud cheering.
M. nuLwan presented himself amidst cheers. Appearing,
he said, for the first time, before the constituency of Maryle-
bone, I take upon myself, in the outset, to say, as the Hoe'
Gentleman who lately addressed them did, that I am also your
tried Fereesentative. I say that, gentlemen, because in repre-
senting the d if,' of Coventri, I represented the district of
Marylebone, exactly as If you return me for the Borough 0f
Marylebone, as I sec you will—(Laughterj--I shall still con-,
tine; Gentlemen, to represent the English peopiC-7( A cry cc
" And the Irish, too")—aye, and the Irish, too. Gen-
tlemen, my opinion upon these occasions is, that the
shorter and the clearer a candidate can make himself
in what he has to state, the better; and I think you will all
agree 'filth me, that on such a cold day as this, in particular,
a glass of wine would be worth a ton of water.--( Hear, hear,
and laughter.) I shall proceed then, distinctly and directly,
to state to you what my conduct has been—what, when I Ann
be .your Representative, it shall be, arid to give you my rel."
sons for the part I have taken in public affairs in time paste
and which you' and God willing, I shall continue to pursue.
Gentlemen, I am, in the first place, in favour of these tiv ee
constitutional postscripts,which we wish to put to the bill of Re"
form—l am for shortening the duration of Parliaments—l am'
for adopting the system of voting by ballot, and lam for an
extension of the suffrage.—( Cries of " Bravo, bravo.") Nelf
why ? lam for shortening the duration of Parliaments, gen-
tlemen, because, in the first place, I have implicit confidence
in the judgment of the English people. Formerly, when some
old tree was asked here, or some rotten wall was asked there,
who were fit persons to represent the people in Parliament, to
me it was a matter of perfect indifference how often the peePla
Were not represented, but misrepresented, within the wall I
of St. Stephen's--(loud and continued cheering)—but
being one to declare, that the people of England have
a sacred and sound judgment, which can he safely relict'
upon. lam anxious to refer to that judgment as often as
is coiliStent with the practice of public affairs---(loudebeers.)
13m for an extension of the suffrage, the more especially o 0
this point, that at the present moment there is a clause in the
Reform Bib which punishes you, particularl, for Writ
having paid your taxes—(hear, bear ; ) when, at the same
time, the law is perfectly sufficient to compel the pay'
ment of those taxes (cheers.) I am for the vote
by ballot, fel. this reason—if you are to return Members
to represent you in Parliament oftener than they do, it is rnod
essentially nett cary that the system of electing members should
be better than it is at present. lam anxious that if the voice
of the people should be appealed to, that voice should he.
correctly taken. lam anxious that the poor man should 001'
speak through the rich man—that no one should come to hies
and tell him he will lose his business if he does not sacrifice
his opinions.—( Cheers.) That he shall not purchase his bread
if he does not sell his conscience. Against such an abuse
I consider the ballot at the present moment to be the best
protection. I am, therefore, on the best rules of practice, 11;
favour of that change in the system of election.—(Log
cheers.) An Hon. Friend near me called my attention to the
Corn Laws.—(Hear.) Now, in reviewing my past political
conduct, I have to say I voted for a repeal of the Corn Lowe
as I voted for a purgation of the Pension List—and by those
two votes I think I give you the best testimony that I was nov
anxious to sacrifice the industrious and active and working
class of the community, to the more idle, to the more extrava-
gant, and to those who, without performing service to the publics
were living on the public purse. But, gentlemen, Wb
I say I am against pensions, I am sure there is no one sol°
hears me who, if a person had really done service, would net
be willing to reward him.—( Cheers.) • Gentlemen, we pa'
sion off our servants—we turn out our old horses, but I sal
we ought to turn adrift our old asses—(lmmense cheering
and laughter) and that they have no right to expect,
when they are unwilling to work, or unfit for em"
ployment, that we should place a large binn of provender
befo .e them. I think there are three points to which at pre-:,
sent we should most especially direct attention : the first r
consider to be the state of the English and Irish Church.--'
(Cries of hear.) I consider this, Gentlemen, because Id°
say it is ashame there should be one man residing there in the
recei?t of 20001. per annum for doing nothing, and that there,
should be a man residing here doing his duty at the pittance 01
1001. per annum. I say, in respect to the Irish Chnrch, that
that requires amendment, because I can never belie'
that the God of Peace can be satisfied with the.
sacrifice of human victims.—( Enthusiastic cheering.)
I never can believe that the pastor should be sent among his
flock not with a crook, but with a sword and a bayonet.---
( Renewed unanimous cheering.) lam also anxious*, refer'
ence to the unjust grievances under which labour the dissent'
ing class of my brethern—l am anxious that they should enjoy
the blessings of education, which I have prollited from. I are
anxious that the doors of our Universities should be open to
our children, and I ain not for forcing them to pay for the
building of a church which they cannot conscientiously enter
These, gentlemen, strike me to be the most important questions
at the present moment connected with public affairs, there i 5
one which is undoubtedly intimately connected with them--
viz., the present Administration.—(Cheers.) I say, gentle-
men, like my hon. friend who has just addressed you, that to
that Administration I am uncompromisingly opposed.' I sal
this, gentlemen, because they come forward at the present
time declaring themselves to be Reformers--(hear, hear)-1:
dcearing themselves anxious to do all that we vas'
to be done, while, at the same time, professiog
our opinions and calling themselves Reformers, they designs
us destructives.—( Hear, hear.) If, Gentlemen, they el°
sincere in their opinions now—if those opinions have long
been entertained and maturely arrived at—is this the first time
that Sir Robert Peel and the Duke of Wellington were in
office ? Have they not had their opportunities, if these are,
their real opinions, of carrying their sentiments into practice,'
—( Cheers.) If, Gentlemen, these opinions were maturely
obtained, I say they have acted dishonestly in not carrycl
them into effect sooner. If those opinions are just now arriv
at, what confidence can I place in the judgment of men Who
at 65 years of age, like the Duke of Wellington, just find om
the political course in which they ought to steer.—(Hear •.)
I can place no faith in their honesty, nor confidence in the'i,
judgment ; neither, therefore, in the one case nor in the other;
shall they have any confidencesor support from me--( Cheers.)
Well, I think I have now Ye6emed my promise—l have state('
what my conduct has been, and I trust I have done this shortly
and explicitly. I have only to say that Ido not Niel
forward now with any new coin of my opinions, stamPe',
and cast for the occasion, sucb a o'ne as I should not
have adhered to yesterday, or which I should not stand by
to-morrow, but which I think may just Laepen to suit the po;
litical currency of the moment—(cheers.) I am no political
Janus, the one moment winking to the Whigs,, and the other
smiling to the Conservatives—(hear, hear.) The opinions.
which I now profess have long been mine—the vote I prouliei
to you now have already been given, and in the view take „°r
public affairs I shall continue without leering to the Tories va
looking too lovingly towards the Whigs, to keep truly' Pal
straight-forwardly with my mind fixed' upon that, which
consider to be my country's welfare—( Immense applause.)„,„,
Mr. YOUNG came forward amidst cheers and hisses. ri;
had frequently been before the electors of Marylebone, but hour
never made an appeal to them without obtaining ahearing. This
was a matter of greater importance to the electors than it ilB
to him. They were to determine who were to be their repre-
sentatives.—(" You are not," and laughter.) They had met
there to day to determine which of the candidates then bells.;
them--( A cry of " Whalley and Bulwer are the men")—wernj
best calculated to represent their rights in the House "
Commons.-( A voice from the crowd called out—,swhy do Ye„
oppose the men we choose ?) He would tell them if they
would only give him time. It was impossible they could de-
termine this question of vital importance to themselves utiles!
at their various public meetings they gave their public cle`a
fair and candid hearings. —( A cry, " Butyouhave turce,
your coat I") There was no man, hoever hi‘rh,";
his station, or highly gifted in talent, he 114.:i.
b ewho would not highly appreciate the honour of represePj
ing the borough of Marylebone. It was upon that groceit
alone he aspired to be their representative, and he thought
fair now to state why he had appeared before the'f;
At the last election he had a much larger number of Tete-A
who signed in favour of Murray, who opposed the Tories, at
he would not by any means divide the interest against Murray
(Cheers and groans, and much confusion.)
The Returning Officer came forward to entreat a fair bear-
ing for all parties.
Mr. YOUNG resumed. He agreed with those who distrusted!
the Ministry, and though he differed from Sir Salt%
Whalley--( Great uproar, which lasted several minutes)-:-.74
he would not shew any factious opposition ; if he brouglt
forward any thing good he would support it; but if bads
should meet with his opposition.
[Here the Returning Officer again came forward to allay
tire uproar which still prevailed.]
Mr. YOUNG, finding he could not be heard, spoke to those
nearest to him. As a junta of the Vestry had proposed arl°t;
ther candidate, he would endeavour to oppose him to the °.-s
most of his power. He had endeavoured, as far as he w,ie
able, to state his opinions and principles, with which
electors were well acquainted, and upon being asked, he ht,
always frankly stated them. He then retired amidst Venice'
ous confusion.
Mr. MURPHY then came forward to address the assembly
behalf of Sir S. Whalley and Mr. Bulwer. He thought
necessary to challenge Sir W. Home to give satisfactory 111;
swers to his observations. Had Sir W. Horne done his lie
to them in the last Parliament ?—( Cries of " No, no.")
eh
C.
(Mr. Murphy) had opposed Sir S. Whalley at the last elle a
tion, but would not oppose him now, as he considered he,
done his duty in the late Parliament.—( Cheers.) Sir ipst
Horne had challenged any one to bring an accusation ageliecl
his Parliamentary conduct. He (Mr. Murphy) had searc.„o
the records of the House, and out of sixty mate
for the benefit of the people, he had not voted be
more than four. As to the Pension List, which sea
did not wish to see destroyed, Sir W. Horne had °Pl39e
all inquiry on the subject. If the great people choose
t 0 bs
upon charity, they should not be so cruel as to take the cfun for
from them.—( Hear and laughter.) Mr. Tennyson's motion est
the repeal of the Septennial Act, Sir William Horce'-100
strenuously opposed. He voted for the Irish ener-blic
Bill. He had stated that he had never received the Pulari
money. Was he not paid out of the public money his Sa lag
as Attorney-General ? He appeared on those hustings

d to you,
c City.
Great
sate ene
'Laugh'
nds 218
been ef-
-10 doubt
majority
Lt I ever
confer a
jority of
a retired

pearing,
Maryle-
l'e Hon•
ilso your
in repre-
istrict of
rough of
till eon-
A cry of

onet--•

n refer-
dissent-
Id enj°l

I 01
open t°
for the

rhea.

a
trust°
sumac
o_l et
)rotio .t
bad, 1"

o allay

) those
d nO'
the 'lt'
he wag
ch the
be hada
