HOUSE OF COMMONS, JULY 17.

The House resumed at a quarter past five o'clock.
Papers were presented from the East India House and
from the Bank of England.
➢lr. FITZSIMON moved for a retur❑ of the amounts
of the County Cess, House Tax, &e., for the last six years,
for a certain barony in the county of Dublin.

Sir THOMAS TROUBRIDGE moved that the Com-
mittee on Sea Ports be permitted to sit on Friday.
Mr. WYNN was of opinion that if so many public
Committees sat during the meeting of the House, either
the business of those Committees, or that of the House
must be neglected.
Sir THOMAS FREMANTLE then brought up the
report of the Stafford Committee, and gave notice of his
intention, on the 6th of August, to bring in a Bill for the
disfranchisement of the borough of Stafford.—(Cheers.)

DECCAN PRIZE MONEY.
On the questio❑ that the House resolve itself into a
Committee on the East India Company's Charter,
Mr. WARBURTON took the opportunity of asking
the Noble Lord (Althorp), in case it should appear that
the Lords of the Privy Council have recommended to his
'Majesty to leave the whole question of the distribution to
the Lords of the Treasury, and that his Majesty has con-
firmed that recommendation, whether he (Lord Althorp)
was prepared to state, on the part of the Lords of the
Treasury, that they would, before the final distribution,
give the parties an opportunity of having their case re-
he .rd, in the manner contemplated by Parliament ? The
greatest irregularity and injustice, in his opinion, had
taken place kith respect to the distribution of the Deccan
booty; bat he would not enter into the details unless the
answei• of the Noble Lord should render it necessary.
Load ALTHORP, after a few remarks in explanation
of his former votes and speeches upo❑ the subject, pro-
ceeded to remark, that the Hon. Member seemed to assume
what was the decision of the Privy Council ; but he
(Lord Althorp) .lid not believe that that decision was yet
known. He (Mr. Warburton) had then asked what his
decision would be i❑ case a certain decision had been come
to by the Privy Council. He could not pretend to say
what his decision would be about what was not yet offi-
cially before him, for he did not happen to have been pre-
sent at the Privy Council. He should, however, be the
vainest of men if be thought that his decision could be of
any weight after that of a Privy Council, at which the
Lord Chancellor, the Master of the Rolls, and the Vice-
Chancellor had assisted. It was quite impossible for him
to ~pledge himself with regard to the cours'.2 which he
should pursue.

Mr. WARBURTON then proceeded to say that the ad-
judication of the question had taken place upon the faith
of a letter which had been substituted instead of another
of an earlier date. He should, therefore, move an humble
address to his Majesty, for a copy of the original letter,
and minutes of the Treasury in question.
Lord G. SOMERSET protested against the injustice
if the aspersions upon the Judges in this case. An in-
quiry was necessary.

- Mr. SPRING RICE suggested that the Hon. Member
should withdraw his amendment, and afterwards bring it
forward as an original motion.

Mr. O'CONNELL had not understood the Hon.
Member for Bridport of accusing the Government of
withholding any documents. He was of opinion that the
warmth of his expressions were justified by facts.
Sir F. BURDETT expressed his hope that no step
would be taken until the matter had been regularly
determined upon.

Mr. HUAIE urged the Noble Lord opposite to state
what course it was his intention to pursue on the subject.

Lord ALTHORP said that until he knew what had
been the decision of the Privy Council, it was impossibie
for him to give any positive pledge on the subject.
A AIEmBER, whose name we could not learn, observed
that Sir Lionel Smith and other parties hid not been
heard at all.

Colonel EVANS remarked, that the greater part of the
captors were dead. He humbly hoped that his Majesty's
Government would come to a resolution to terminate the
business without further delay.
Air. W. HARVEY said, that the money was on the
point of distribution when the case was referred to the
Lords of the Privy Council. Now, it appeared to him
that what the Hon. Member for Bridport wished to know
was, whether, in the event of the question standing as n
lid before the reference to the Lords of the Privy Council,
the parties were to have a hearing before the money was
distributed. .

Mr. BARING protested against the imputations

irruption thrown out by the lion. Member for Bridport
~;rinst persons who wcr•y li,r.v.ver, far too high in cha-
Lotter to be affected by them. He (11r. Baring) con-
; -stied, that of all the Courts in the country, that before
hick he should be most sorry for any question i❑ which
I, was interested to come, was the House of Commons ;
ifluenced in its decisions, as it continually was, by loose
eclamatio❑ and personal canvass. He hid seen more
ijustice perpetrated by that House than probably by all
t:ke other tribunals in the country. If he had a bad case,
be should be very anxious to bring it before the House of
(;ommons ; if a good one, it was the last place into which
lie should wish to introduce it.
Mr. W. BROUGHAM hope.l his Noble Friend would
Le induced to say that he would do his best to prevent the
distribution until the parties had been heard. That would
iot amount to a pledge on the part of his Noble Friend to
procure them a hearing.
Lord ALTHORP must persevere in declining to give
any pledge upon a subject, on the law or merits of which
!ie was at present ignorant.
Mr. WARBURTON, in explanation, denied having
attributed corrupt motives, but only irregularities and
enormities to the parties adverted to by the Hon. Member
!or Essex.

EAST INDIA COMPANY'S CHARTER BILL.
The House then resolved into Committee on the
Nt India Company's Charter Bill.
Clauses from 58 to 74 were agreed to, with a few verhst
amendments.
The 75th clause was postponed.

. .
On the 76th being proposed, Mr. WYNN suggested
chat for the future a certain number of cadetships should
given to the officers of the Company. The clause was
then agreed to, as were the 77th and 7Sth.
On the 79th being read, Mr. HUME expressed s hope
that come means would be devised of punishing persons in
England who might have been guilty of peculation in, mkt
had fled away from, our India possessions.
Mr. MACAULAY said several clauses had been framed
with the view of meeting the suggestion of the Hon.
lernber ; but from the expense, and other evils which
they would occasion, they had since been abandoned.
The clause was agreed to.
The 80th clause having been read,
Mr. BUCKINGHAM expressed his great regret that.
there should be any restraint at all in the admission of
Europeans into India.
Mr. R. GRANT said the restrictions had been imposed
from the fear of injury to the natives themselves; but he
hoped, by the cautious experiments now proposed, that
they would be able gradually to adopt such measures as
would safely allow them to do away with all limitation
whatever.

Mr. CUTLAR FERGUSSON approved of the clause,
because he thought it would be dangerous at present to
allow the free intercourse of Europeans with the nations
of the upper part of India.
Mr. HUME differed with the Hon. Gentleman, and
moved a❑ amendment which would have the effect of taking
off all restraints upon intercourse with India, subject to a
due obedience to the law. If a police were necessary it
should be established.

After a somewhat desultory discussion, the gallery was
cleared `'or division, when there appeared_

For the Amendment
Against it
Majority ..-91

On our re-admission to the gallery, we found
Mr. O'DWYER suggesting an amendment to the effect
that barristers and physicians properly qualified to act in
England should be permitted to practice in India without
a license.

Mr. C. GRANT said that under the present Bill there
was full liberty for professional men to practice in India.
Mr. O'CONNELL suggested that the English and Irish
bar should be put on the same footing with respect to
employment in the colonies.
Mr. C. GRANT was not aware that any difference
existed of the nature hinted at; but if it did, he should
have no objection to remedying it, on bringing up the report.
All the clauses up to clause 87 inclusive, were then
agreed to, with some unimportant amendments.
On the 88th clause being read,

Mr. C. GRANT proposed an amendment, to the effect
that the Governor-General should have a right to frame
laws for the abolition of slavery, paying due regard to the
rights of fathers of families, and to the laws of marriage ;
that the said Governor-General should, before the Ist of
January, 1835, report the progress which he bad made in
the abolition of slavery ; and that, in fourteen days after•
such report, or if Parliament should not be assembled,
then i❑ fourtee❑ days after the meeting of Parliament,
such report should be laid before both Houses.
After a long discussion, the 88th clause, as amended,
was agreed to.
On proposing the 89th clause, relating to the Eccle-
siastical Government of India,
Mr. O'CONNELL opposed the clause, because it went
to establish a State religion in India.
Mr. R. GRANT said the present means for the eccle-
siastical Government of India were inadequate ; and there-
fore his Majesty's Government has thought it necessary to
appoint two additional Bishops, at salaries of 2,5001.
each. He hoped that there would
,be no additional ex-
pense arising from the appointment of another Bishop.
The expense would continue at 11,0001. a year. There
would only be a different allocation of it.
Mr. HUME said it would probably be better to leave
the Church Establishment as it stood at present, in case
any wish to change it should produce a stronger opposi-
tion than was expected.
Mr. MACAULAY was much astonished at the oppo-
sition made to this clause, and he maintained that it was
absurd to object to a moderate establishment for the
Church of England being appropriated from the revenues
of the State, when several millions were expended upon
the support of Pagan and Mahomedan superstitions.

Mr. O'CONNELL moved that the Chairman report
progress, and ask leave to sit again.
Sir R. INGLIS hoped he would not persevere in the
motion, and said he con,idered the provision for the esta-
blishment insufficient; but he would support it, as he
thought he was not likely to get anything better.
Mr. SINCLAIR must take the liberty to protest
against the doctrine of his Hon. Friend, that the religion
of the Church of England was the religion of the empire.
In England it was the religion of the law, and of a ma-
jority of the people ; in Ireland it was the religion of the
law ; in Scotland it was not the religion either of the law
or of the people. In Scotland there was another esta.-
blishment, as efficient, though more poor ; and if his
Hon. Friend visited Scotland, he would find himself a Dis-
senter there, and would attend the ministrations of a Bishop
who enjoyed no income from the national purse. He did
not by any means undervalue the deserts of the sister
church ; but as India was divided into four Presidencies,
he should be glad to see in one of them a fair trial given
to the development of Presbyterian energy and zeal. Give
to the Church of Scotland half the sum allotted to episco-
pacy in a district of similar extent ; with this, they would
send out three times the number of Christian Ministers,
and accomplish ten times as much good. If it should
prove otherwise, after an experiment of a few years, he
would cheerfully consent to see the grant withdrawn. As
to the Pagan and Mahome►an establishments, we had not
introduced, but found them there, and could not abolish
those rites which the natives had so long adhered to, and
would not relinquish. He thought it was an anomaly to
place the new Prelates under the jurisdiction of the
Bishops of Calcutta ; he believed that it was at least snore
usual that they should all be placed directly under a Me-
tropolitan. The Finance Committee had recommended
the withdrawal of public aid from ministers of the Pres-
byterian Church ; and if the friends of that establishment
should be called upon to support the clergy of their own
denomination in India, the same rule might surely apply
to the richer members of the sister Church. He hoped,
however, that attention would be paid to both objects; and
in that case he should not oppose the new arrangement of
the existing revenues being appropriated to episcopal pur-
poses, though he should have certainly resisted their aug-
mentation.

Mr. R. GRANT opposed the motion.
Mr. SHELL observed, that the question now before
them was, whether they should Lepert progress, a point
which seemed to be lost sight of. Mr. Lushington had
asserted that the extension of the expiscopal establishment
would not be beneficial to India.

Mr. O'CONNELL would consent to proceed with the
other clauses of the Bill, provided the House would agree
to postpone the clause now before them.

Mr. WARBURTON made a few remarks.
Then Hou,e then divided—
For the adjournment 37
Against it
Majority -93

When we re-entered the gallery, we found Mr.PRYME
on his legs, commenting upon the remarks of those who
asserted that the Established Church had done no good in
India.
After some further conversation, Mr. C. BULLER
,noved the adjournment of the debate.
The House divided upon the motion, when there ap.
peired— 36
For the adjournment
1•24
Against it
Majority
the gallery, Mr. WAR—BUI;i ON
va(s)anihoiurers:ien-genttheerinflgouse. Tlle Hon. sai ', he
.bought his friends bad a lopted a prui,er course niuv.
ng the postvonemeut of the Bill, considering that they

Triad proposed to allow the other clauses to be discussed,
passing over this. If the two new twin bishops were al-
lowed to be appointed, the consequence would be, that
in a short time a message would be sent down, stating the
inadequacy of their income, and they would be saddled
gradually with further expenses.
Mr, O'DWYER hoped the House would now see the
necessity of adjourning the debate.
Lord SANDON thought it unfair to proceed by a suc-
cession of vexatious motions for adjournment. He might
have hoped that the Opposition would not follow the ex-
ample of the Tories on the Reform Bill. They had begun
their attacks at a quarter past eleven.
Mr. O'CONNELL thought it his duty to press his
motion. The discussion had been calm and temperate till
the Noble Lord introduced his own acrimony into it.
Mr. STANLEY said that the debate bad been calmly
and temperately conducted until the two divisions were
forced upon the House by the Hon. and Learned Member's
friends. It was not surprising. that some acrimony should
arise when, at a quarter past eleven o'clock, the question
of postponement was ir.troduced. If they bad taken up
their time in the fair discussion of the question, they
would have made much greater progress.
Mr. CHARLF,S GRANT admitted the cahntaes of
the discussion. If Hon. Gentlemen were not inclined to
proceed, lie would not press the immediate consideration
of the cla:ase ; but he put it to them again, whether
they sho'ald not postpone their objections till the discus-
sion Tipon the report.
AGLIONBY said, admitting that there might he
4 vexatious movement for an adjournment, there might
%lso be a vexatious opposition to that adjournment.—.
(Hear, hear.) It was not with any motive of getting rid
of the Bill that he had voted for the postponement.__
(Great clamour.) He objected, therefore, to the use of
the words " vexatious opposition."
Mr. STANLEY said, that so far from meaning any
'personal offence to the Hon. Member, he was not eve❑
aware that he was in the House.

The question was then put, that they should report
progress, and ask leave to sit again, which was agreed to.
The Committee appointed for Friday next.
Mr. MURRAY gave notice of a motion for leave to
bring in a Bill for the repeal of the Foreign Enlistment
Act.

Mr. WARBURTON moved for the returns alludelto in
the early part of the evening, relative to the Deccan prize-
money.—Ordered. Adjourned at two o'clock.

PRICES OF STOCKS THIS HA 1' AT ON, O'CI.O.:E•
Uank Stock
3 per Cent. Red. R9% 5i % India Stock
3:per Cent. Cons 8878 N Ti 89 'Ditto Bonds 33 35 pm.
3% per Cent. 96%56 South Sea Stock qS
Ditto Red 9634% Old Annuities —
New 356 per Cent. ...9514%%7/8 New Ditto B6li
3 per Cent. Ann. 17.16....
4 per Cent. 1826
, 03% 3 ; Ex. Bills, .Cl,OOO ...... 56 57 pm.
Bank Long Ann. to expire Ditto 500...... 56 57 pm.
Jan. 5, 186" 17% 3-16 j Ditto Small
Oct. 10, 1859 l7 1-16 Ditto Commercial pm.
Jan. 5, 1860 — 'Ditto Advertised — pm.
Jan. 5, 1880 — Bank for Account —
April 5, 1880 — India for Account
Jan. 5, 1870 — Cons. for Opening 9OV, 94

PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE 0 CLOCK.
Austrian Bonds 964 i Peruvian Bonds 2Ol,
Belgian Bonds 91314 Portuguese Bonds 7l 214
Ditto Account 9514 i Ditto Account... 704 24 521
Brazilian Bonds 7O , Regency Scrip 44 6444 6 a pm.
Ditto Account.-- .... '704 70, Ditto Account 461 644 pm,
Buenos Ayres Bonds 22 (Prussian Bonds —
Ditto Account 23 I Ditto Bonds, 1929 10334
Chilian Bonds 25% 5 ;Russian Bonds, 1822... 105 416
Ditto Account 25 [ Ditto Account 10414
Columbian Bonds 921% ( New Loan 9831
Ditto Account ,Spanish Bonds, 1821 2014
Ditto Bonds, 1824 23% I Ditto Account 193,4 20
Ditto Account 2334 , Ditto Bonds, 1823 174
Danish Bon i
Ditto Accent — French Bentes, sp. c. —f. —c.
Greek Bonds 1214 Exchange —f —c.
Ditto Bonds, 18:25. 58!,4 --.3 per cent. —f —c.
Ditto Account —; Exchange —f --c-
Mexican Bonds, 5 per cent. 30% , Dutch, 21 p. c. 487, 9
Ditto Account — Ditto Account 481,2 9%
Ditto, 6 per cent 3914 40; Ditto, sp. c 03%14
Ditto Account 40 41, , Ditto Account T. 93 4
Neapolitan 9914 ' French Scrip 41.; pm•

PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAT AT ONE O'CLOCB.
Paid. Pcr share,
Anglo Mex. Min. Co. (iss. at 5/. pm.) £lOO 1334
Bolanos Mining Company £l5O 137%
Brazilian Imp. Min. Co. (iss. at 5/. pm.) £2O 59%
Ditto National 17% Mli.
Ditto St. John Del Rey
Ditto Cocaes 5 15s.
British Iron Mining Company £5O 19
Columhirn Mining Co. (iss. at 5/. pm.) 50 18,4
English Mining Company 12% i:614
General Minn,' Association l2 Eii,i
Mexican Mining Co
__. . .... £4B
_lO%

tipal dcl Monte Mining C 0...., — 40 39 ,I
lnited Mex. Min. Co. (iss. at 21. pm.) 40 13.54
Ditto New Scrip 5 164
Alliance Fire Insurance Comp lO 1014
Protector Insurance Comp.
Australian Co.
Canada Company
General Steam Navigation Co. ......
National Provincial Bank of England 5 4%
Provincial Bank of Ireland 25 3534

PRICES CF IRISH STOCKS, DUBLIN, JULY 15,
Bank Stock
Consols, 2 net* cent
Gov. Stock, :A', per cent 951 i,/ational Ditto
Ditto, New
I per Cent !Hibernian Bank
Gov. rich. 214 percent.... 87% Provincial Ditto
R iyal Canal Stock - Royal Irish Mine
Grand Canal Stock lmperial Mine
C tv Deb. 4 per cent
Ballast Office Deb. 4D. C. - Cninmercial Buildings

DUTCH FUNDS—AMSTERDAM, JULY 16.
Actual Debt, 2% per cent 4B to 48
A mort Syndic, 4% per cent 8534 to 86
Ditto, ditto, 332 per cent.
Voluntary Loan, 1831, 6 per cent 99 to 9954
Ditto, 1832 5 per Cent.
• Ditto, 183.3, 5 per Cent.
Exchange on London
Two months
Dutch Papers, July 17.
