CHURCH-RATES.

TO THE EDITOR OF OF THE SUN.
SIR,—I wish to ask your advice respecting a seizure m( de
upon me for the Church-rate. My house is rated at 30/. per
annum. Three years ego they brought me in a rate on 351. per
annum. I appealed against it, and they reduced it to 30/.
The following year they brought me in the rate of 35/. again.
I objected to the payment on account of its being rated 5L
more than just, but have never made any further appeal ; th( y
have seized upon me for two years' arrears, at 35/ , whiut
makes 3s. 4d. more than due, with ss. 6d. broker's expencir.
I feel it very loud as a working man to be oblige l to lose
one day every year in making an appeal against au unjust rate,
and I request your advice as to what step I can take to obtain
any kind of redress, or whether I must pay the over rate aed
cxpences.

I remain, &c.
lIODGKINSON.
35, Wakefield-street, St. Pancras,
Feb. 10, 1833.
[ We fear there is not much chance of redress for our corre-
spondent. Allowing the church authorities to have acted im-
properly, a lawsuit with them, in such a case, would be a
remedy worse than the disease. He must, therefore, make up
his mind either to pay the demand made upon him, or to let
the goods seized be sold. The house may have been built
since the last general valuation of the parish, and in that case,
we apprehend, the Churchwardens have a' discretionary power
to rate. If it is rated higher than other houses of the same
class in the neighbourhood, an appeal to the Sessions is the
proper course for redress ; but it is attended with trouble and
loss of time, more than equivalent to the differeace in the
amount of the two rates.]

'HE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

2, Verulam-buildings, Gray's-inn,
Feb. 14, 1838.
should feel extremely obliged by your correcting
the error into which your reporter has, I am quite sure, unin-
tentionally fallen, in the report which you have given in The
Sun newspaper of last evening, where you state that in the
cause of Savaze v. Smith, tried yesterday in the Sheriff of
Middlesex's Office, the plaintiff was nonsuited from the ab-
sence of a maternal witness, who was rot called (as is usual)
upon his subpoena, in consequence of the plaintiff's attorney
having accidentally omitted to bring with him the original
writ of subpoena.- Such I can assure you is not the case, the
witness having been called three times upon his subpoena,
which was duly in Court. This statement cen be verified by
Mr. Mountain, the Crier of the Court, if you require it. I
should feel much obliged if you would correct this uninten-
tional error as soon as possible, such a statement being, as no -
doubt you sec, prejudicial to my professional character.
I remain, Sir, yours very obediently,
EDWARD RICE, Plaintiff's Attorney.

MODE OF SECURING WATER-PIPES AGAINST
FROST.-During the late frost, almost every family in England
has suffered from an evil which might have been very nearly
if not entirely prevented by a very simple precaution, and at
very inconsiderable cost. I refer to the freezing of water in
pipes. On the return of mild weather, the pipes in most
cases have burst, and great injury has been done to property
and health. If the water-pipes• had been inclosei in pipes or.
case:, and surrounded two inches, or even one inch, by saw-
dust, coal-ashes, or, better still, powdered charcoal, (v hick is
one of the best non-conductors we know,) the water in the
pipes would have retained its temperature, and the inconve-
nience complained of could not have taken place. There
would also be this additional advantage, that is summer the
water would not be (as most of the London water is) tepid
when drawn from the pipe. I have been greatly surprised to
find that in houses built with the utmost care, at very great
expense, and by the most eminent architects, such an obvious
and simple preventative against so general and serious an evil
should have been so generally overlooked.—London, Feb. 13.
SOUTH AMERICA AND THE PACIFIC.—TWO
volumes under this title have been just publiAied ; they con.
tain a very interesting account of a journey across the Pam-
pas and the Andes, from Buenos Ayres to Valparaiso, Lima,
and Panama, performed by the lion. P. C. Scarlett, and they
abound with anecdotes and descriptions which will afford both
information and amusement to almost all classes of readers.
The most important part of the work, however, consists in
observations on the possibility of establishing a communica-
tion between the eastern and western coasts of the American
continent, and in plans and statements for establishing steam
navigatio❑ on the Pacific. This portion of the work is ex-
tremely valuable. The writer has brought into one point of
view the arguments in support of the possibility of forming the
proposed communication, has discussed the objections to the
plan with fairness, and has furnished the inquirer with statisti-
cal tables, collected with great industry, and arranged with
accuracy and care. The whole of the work will be read
with pleasure ; but the gr, at comme7cial and political interests
connected with the statements in this division of it require
the public attention particularly to be drawn to its considera-
tion.— Times.

CQLBURN'S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINC AND
HUMOrRIST.—EDITED fly THEODORE HOOIC, ESQ.—PVC must
again express our gratificition at the amusing nature of this
Nlagazine, and the seirit and ability with which its character
is maintained. The " Guerney Papers" this month contain
more histories of the perplexities of poor Gilbert. " Some
Passages in the Life of Major Gahagan," is a sort of Munchausen
story, m
ith all the raciness of the Baron about it, but in better
taste. " The Female Portrait Gallery, No. 2--Constance"—
by L. E, L., is an excellent critique on Marmon. " Trade-
itional Confessions—the Pawnbroker," is full of curious
matter. " The Manager's Note Book, No. 4," concludes the
life of Mathews, and gives us a good account of Mrs. Abing-
don, a:id a funny sketch of a bespeak in a country town.
" The Phantom Ship" c;lrries us through the wreck by fire,
which is succeeded by another by reeks. " Little Pedlington
in a Pucker" communicates the results of the publication of
Nix's Memoirs, which set the whole town in an uproar. To
conclude, the Nall Monthly is decidedly the best periodical of
its own kind now published.—. Tyne Mercury.

LONDON :
THURSDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY 15, 1833.

We are obliged to the Times for enforcing on her
MAJESTY'S Ministers the arguments which we have
on two late occasions addressed to them on the subject
of the Ballot. Our Contemporary urges the Conser-
vatives this morning, in the following paragraph, to
muster with all their force and oppose the motion for
the Ballot :

It ought to be recollected by Conservative Members of the
House of Commons, that the strongest possible attendance in
their places this evening is a duty of the very highest moment.
Mr. Grote brings on his annual absurdity—the Ballot. The
gang of Radicals have been boasting loudly that the Ballot
question spreads like wildfire through tlse realm, and that
proofs of its growth will be afforded hourly by increased ma-
jorities out of doors, and increased minorities within doors.
Now, it is desirable to quash one at least of such false-
hoods, by presenting within the walls of Parliament increased
majorities against Mr. Grote and his Ballot, as compared
with those of former years. To those of the Ministers who are
not yet altogether pros rate before the Radical throne, it would
be wi a to give encouragement, by showing them that there
is still salva-ion for them beyond the pale of Warburton
Grote, and Behtharn —that to keep their seats they need not
plu!lgs headlong into the snares laid for them by men who
hate the Constitution—and that ante is maintainable on less
desperate tertits than disgrace to themselses and ruin to the
Monarchy. Lord Melbourne ought to be confirmed in his
antipathy to revolution by proofs that the revolutionary fac-
tion is not so well able to assault the State as is the Conser-
vative power to protect it. But it is with the Conservatives
to furnish such demonstration or to withhold it—to muster
their whole strength, and support Lord Melbourne against
the quackery of Mr. Grote, or, by leaving the Minister in the
hands of the ballottnonger, excuse him to his own conscience
for surrendering to democracy at discretion. We earnestly,
therefore, entreat the Conservative Members to go down and
abate this periodical nuisance of the Ballot.

The Ministers are to be bribed, then, to act against
their own friends, by
,the promise of being kept in
office by Conservative support. But after they have
voted with the Tories for a Tory principle, and against
their own supporters in the House and out of the
House on a principle of Reform, how long can they
expect to keep their places ? Whenever they have
sufficiently offended the great body of the electors,
who almost all demand the Ballot, to lose their support,
what will Lord MELBOURNE, Lord PALMERSTON,
and Lord Jon N RUSSELL be ? Nothing but private
individuals or the vassals of Sir ROBERT PEEL.
They arc Ministers only by the support of the Re-
formers. On such a question as the Ballot they are
at liberty yet to entertain doubt, and vote accordingly,
but they we not at liberty to employ the power which
is bestowed on them by the confidence of the Re-
forners to crush Reform. It would be striking their
own friends, who made and who keep them Ministers.
The observations of the Times must convince them
that, as party men, to pit the Cabinet against the Bal-
lot is to com►nit political suicide.
These arguments rest oh the assumed fact that the
Ballot has spread like wildfire, and if the majorities in
the House or out of the House disprove that assump-
tion, we shall admit the Times to be right and the
Ministers at liberty to resist the Ballot. We can, how-
ever, state on good authority, that the number of
Members who will support the motion will be consi-
derably greater than last year. The motion of Mr.
GROTE was then supported by 153 votes—on the
present occasion probably nearly 200 Members will
side with him. It is expected that the House will not
come to a division to-night, but that the debate will
be adjourned.

From the manceuvres of the Tories in the House of
Comtnons, on Friday night, when the Report of the
Parliamentary Electors' Bill was brought up, we are

not disposed to entertain any very sanguine expecta
tions of the ultimate success of the measure. Assuming
the conduct of the patty in the Lower Hou9e to be a
pretty correct index to show how the wind blows in the
upper region, we fear their Lordships will not give
their consent to a Bill, one effect of which would be to
add considerably to the numbers of that class of electors
which they think too numerous already. The boon to the
freemen they will willingly grant ; but when they are
asked to couple with this a shni!ar one to the
ten-pounders, they will say—" No ; we stand
upon the Reform Bill. That Bill was passed
on the express understanding that it was to be a final
measure ; and we will not consent to its being tam-
pered with, in so important a matter as the electoral
qualification." This, or something to this effect, win
be the language of the Tory Lords, who will probably
do in this case, as they did in that of the Irish Tithe
Bill—separate the Bill into two parts, adopting the one,
and rejecting the other. Flad Mr. JERVIS'S amendment,
engrafting the repeal of the enactment in the Reform
Bill, which requirei the payment of a shilling from
each elector on his being registered, been carried—and
no thanks to certain Liberals that it was not—their
Lordships would have found their task easier, and
perhaps not quite so unpopular. They would have
been able to urge against the measure, that it altered
two enactments of the Reform Bill, instead of one.
It is, however, but justice to the hereditary portion of
the Legislature to say, that, in opposing the pro-
posed alteration of the rate-paying clause, their Lord-
ships will act with due regard to their own consistency.
In their mouths, the finality of the Reform Bill is in-
telligible and appropriate language. .It is a doctrine
which they have uniformly maintained as a cardinal
point of their political faith, and we ought not to be
surprised if they cling to it more pertinaciously than ever,
now that they have been taught by experience how
adm.'rably the Bill may be made to work in their favour.
Had the proposed relaxation of the rate-paying clause
even been calculated to give the cause of Toryism a
little advantage, we doubt whether they would not
have rejected it, rather than sanction:a precedent for
what they call violating the integrity of the Reform
Bill. But they are clear-sighted enough to discern
that the balance of profit is, hi this case, greatly
against them.

There are ten pound voters in all the cities, towns
and boroughs in England that send representatives to
Parliament, but in a great many of these there are
no freemen. These gentry nestle in a comparatively
few select retreats. We shall only add, that it will
give us the most sincere pleasure to find our fore-
bodings respecting the fate of this measure in the
House of Lords falsified by the event.

On Monday we gave Lord BROUGHAM'S Speech on
the Slave Trade at full length, and as revised by his
Lordship, in order that we might lend our humble as-
sistance in carrying into every corner of the kingdom,
and into every family, the new and astounding facts
with which it abounds. To the people of this
country, with a few exceptions, it was news to hear,
after the British Slave Trade had been abolished for
thirty years, after the American Slave Trade had been
abolished for a longer period, and the greatest and
most influential kingdom on the Continent had fol-
lowed their example, that in the year 1837 it was
carried on to a greater extent, and in a form more
hideous than it was when WELLESLEY and WILBER-
FORCE began their denunciations against it in Parlia-
ment. It was humiliating, too, to learn that this
trade was carried on chiefly by two countries, where
the reigning families and the friends of freedom owe
everything to England and France ; and that, though
we could drive usurpers from the throne, and establish
a new form of government, we could not prevail upon
them to put down a nefarious traffic which enriches
only a few individuals, the most debased of mankind,
and affixes an infamous mark of distinction to the
Spanish and Portuguese names. These two
nations, and their descendants in the New
World, are the greatest, and, indeed, almost
the only criminals engaged in this guilty traffic.
We are most intimately connected with them by com-
mercial and political ties. They are the most help-
less of all the nations of the earth, and can the least
resist the united wishes of France and England ; and
though the people of this country are more interested
in the cause than ever—though they cheerfully gave an
enormous sum to let 800,000 slaves free, and would
support any energetic measure to make these allies
Act like Christians, our Government goes on, and is
likely to go on, in lingering negociation, not only
without prospect of success, but with the conviction
that all we have hitherto clone has only increased the
evil. In 1835, eighty slave ships sailed from the
Havannah, and returned with above 28,000 slaves ;
and in the month of December of the same year, be-
tween 4,000 and 5,000 were landed at the port of lt:o.
Thus, above 40,000 human beings, taking into account
chose that died on the passage, were torn from their
native country in one year, many of them sepa-
rated from their wives and children, to whom they are
Sfeetionately attached—many of them expiring under
their sufferings, and many sinking under despair, when
they find themselves shackled and denied even the
consolation of a voluntary death—and all these
horrible cruelties permitted by civilized Europe,
and sanctioned by Sovereigns whom the Head
of the Catholic Church dignifies with the title
rt. " Most Faithful and most Catholic !" What a
iisgrace to Christianity ! Great blame attaches to
this country and France. They have the influence, if
they choose to exert it, to make the Governments of
these slave-trading countries join with them in making
the crime a felony. Force would not be required ; but
even force would be justifiable in such a cause : and
what nation would take part with men so criminal and
so debased ?

The great remedy, however, is emancipation ; and
every friend of humanity will rejoice to learn that a
leading member of the French Chamber of Deputies
has introduced a measure to that effect for the French
colonies, and that it has been favourably received. M.
PASSY proposed that all children horn after a certain
day should be declared free, and that slaves should
have greater facility than at present in purchasing
their freedom. The proposition was accepted by seven
out of nine bureaus, or committees. This augurs
well, and leads us to hope that the effects of Lord
BrtouGuAm's remarkable speech will not be confined
to this country, but extend an unextinguishable
hatred of slavery to every portion of the civilized world.

The alarming frequency of fires, by which not only
are many human lives sacrificed, but (which is nearly as
bad,) such a destruction of property as to produce ruin
And wretchedness during the remainder of life, force us
to the inquiry, whether all that can be done is done to
avert or lessen the latter evil. During the he;ght of
nocturnal incendiarism, when the isle was " frighted
from its propriety," the primary cause was grappled
with by a change of Ministers ; but very influential
secondary causes, arising chiefly from the bad feeling
of labourers towards their employers, still remained ;
and these were met by a practical measure, which in
I very short time effectually abated this dreadful evil.
To Mr. H. HANDLEY, the Member for Lincoln-
shire, the praise is due, of moving and pressing, till
he compelled the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
to give way, the abolition of the duty on the insurance
of farming stock. Now a Member on the other
side, Colonel SIBTHORP, has a notice on the books
for the abolition of the duty on fire insurances alto-

gQther. We know that the CHANCELLOR of the
EXCHEQUER will say, that in the present state of the
revenue, he cannot afford to repeal any tax. That, how-
ever, is no answer—let him devise another of lesser
evil to supply the deficiency. The duty on insurances
against fir:: is a tax upon prudence, most calamitous in its
consequences. Every human being burnt out of his
house and home, and driven to sudden and irremediable
destitution, is at once a witness and a victim, speaking,
trumpet-tongued, the horrors and iniquity of this tax.
Expediency and humanity alike demand its repeal.
Who but the most profligate and reckless of Ministers
would think of creating or continuing a tax of two
hundred per cent. upon prudence? Or who but those
who ish to give the landed interest a preference in all
things, would think of freeing the inhabitants of vil-
lages from a tax which they perpetuate upon the in-
habitants of towns ? Is it wise (we need not ask is it
just) to keep alive this odious distinction ? Let those
who think it is not—those who behold or who read of

the fires that arc nightly taking place—who see or ima-
gine the misery they produce to the wretched indivi-
duals, who, in a moment, are dispossessed of their all/
join us, in calling upon Parliament to agree to Colonel
SIBTIfORP'S motion.

It seems to be an unanimous opinion that the differences
which have grown up between the United States and
Gi eat Britain in consequence of the insurrection in Canada,
IA ill be peacefully accomodated. " The affair of the Caro-
line," says the Times, "it is obvious, can lead to no misun-
derstanding with the Cabinet of Washington." "We are
bound to say," it adds—agreeing, we believe, with all ob-
sersing men, " that throughout the whole of the official
corresponden.ce now published, the tone of conciliation, con-
fidence, and kindness, which marks every sentence pro-
ceeding from Mr. Fox on one side and Mr. FORSYTH on the
other, is such as to inspire us with the most cheering hope that
nothing will he done or permitted by either Government
unfavourable to the continuance of the strictest and
closest harmony between the two kindred nations." Such
a passage, descriptive of the negotiations on two such oc-
currences as the assisting the Canadian insurgents, on the
one side, and the destruction of the Caroline in an Ame-
rican port, costing the life of at last one American citizen,
on the other, is a striking proof of a great improve-
ment in the mode of managing international affairs.
It seems only necessary to remind the reader of the very
different termination to the disputes as to the right of
search during the French war, and of the very different
spirit in which the war was carried on by the Tory Govern-
ment,'to convince him that Governments, notwithstanding
the calumnies of their opponents, have participated in the
march of civilization, and have become far less irritable,
quarrelsome, and mischievous than formerly. We must
remind our Tory opponents that this improvement, for the
record of which we thank them, has become strongly
marked under a Reform Administration at home,
and in negotiation with a Republic abroad. Nor
is it difficult to trace the improvement in this case
up to the influence over the respective Governments of
those Democratic or Reform principles which it is the
pride of the Tories to crush. Had any such occurrences as
those we have referred to taken place between Russia and
France, the principle of personal honour, instead of public
utility would have been acted on, and the two nations
would have been impelled into a war. Each Sovereign
would have felt that the act of the subjects of the other was
like giving him the lie or striking him a blow, and was not
to be reasoned about but revenged. The President of
the United States, however, and the English Reform
Ministers are both made, by their dependence on popular
support, to consult the public interest ; and the numerous
commercial ramifications which exist betwixt the two
countries being infinitely powerful compared to the personal
feelings of the President or the Reform Ministers, they
are compelled, by the influence of the people connected
with those interests, to use that language of conciliation,
confide nce, and kindness which all parties deservedly praise.
To the influence of the democratic principle, then, over the
Governments of both countries, shall we now be indebted
for the continuation of " international harmony."

The appointment of Mr. SHELL to the office of Commis-
sioner of Greenwich Hospital, is quite a godsend to the
Tories. So little have they to find fault with, that a gift
which is quite in course, is commentea on as a suhicet of
severe censure. We are aware, indeed, that it is hunger
for office which stimulates their anger. Every such ap-
pointment by the Whigs, is something abstracted from that
which they regard as their provender ; and, being now
almost famished, they set up a howl like a batch of raven-
ous wolves. Fer our parts, we shall admit that we should
have preferred Mr. Sill:IL in another place. His legal
education, and his skill both as an advocate and a debater,
seem to us to rtcommPnd him to a h'gher post than a Com-
missionership. If he bad been appointed Solicitor-
General, or even Secretary for Ireland, on the first vacancy,
it would not have been above his merits ; and would
have been an additional evidence to his admiring country-
men of the disposition of the present Ministers to do justice
to Ireland. But for the 'Furies to censure Lo:d MEL-
BOURNE for giving one of the most conspicuous orators of
the House of Commons, and one of the warmest and most
strenuous supporters .of the Government, the Commis-
si.inership of Greenwich Hospital, is to condemn the
whole conduct of all previous Tory Governments,, every
Tory Minister, has made similar but less worthy aP-
poimments. The previous Tory Governments. Es cry
Tory Minister hes done similar things. We read, in-
deed, a multitude of remarks about veterans, who have
poured out their blood fur the country, and who
ought to haze received the appointment. These ve-
terans must really deserve the name, for they seen'
almost eternal. It is now twenty-three years since
we had any thing like a war, and the generation which has
grown up in our navy since the year 1815, have had most
pleasant and easy times of it, enjoying the parade and
pomp of war, with all the security of peace. Those who
fought our battles are pretty well all provided for, and
have, most of them, been enjoying the rewards of their
hard service for twenty-three years, in idleness and ease.
V,.,make no objection to the principle of rewarding mili-
tary services, but let us not at the same time detract front
the merit of civilians. As for the outcry of the Tories, it
is merely absurd. They insist on the Government being
carried on as formerly ; they will allow no departures from
ancient practiee.s ; they resist all Reforms ; and when the
Ministers, out el an impossibility of carrying
out improve-
ments, continue the old system, the Tories ove.flow with
anathemas. The secret of their virtuous indignation is, that
they are desperately hungry for those good things of office
which are all given to their opponents.

By the arrival cf the New York packet-ship, Sheffield,
a
slet,l::vstE.;l7tavbee.,r
Extracts:cfe
oi
u%
reaftyNmseLtv
itieYermot:hkacipot
lat,fipteernirjs
journals
igornttaihil
the
et4ctLehiiluvr
,trip,:i.no.
r
intelligence of the evacuation of Navy Island by the rebels
on the night of the 14th, will be found in another part of
The Sun. We are happy to observe on all sides an in-
creasing anxiety to prevent a rupture between the Go-
vernments of England and the United States ; and, indeed,
from what we can at present judge, one of the best effects
of the revolt will be to inspire Great Britain, and the Alo-
nare:iical Governments of. Europe generally, with the
fullest confidence in the good faith and strict inter-
national integrity of that powerful Republic. The
readiness with which the President acquiesced in the
necessity of rendering more stringent tile laws for en-
forcing neu?rality—the zeal with which Congress seconded
the views' of the Executive—and the determination evinced
by the authorities ordered to the frontier to deprive the
tebels of all succour, will go a great way towards making
the people of England more tolerant of Itepubleau ideas
and institutions. Brother JONATHAN Inis risen filly per
cent. in JoHN BuLe's opinion Ly this display of good.
sense, good feeling, and good faith.
Among the documents received or minor impo tance are
addresses from the Legislative Council and the House of
Assembly of Upper Canada, toSir.Fitaricis BOND HEAD,
dated the Ist ult., in answer to the GOVERNOR'S Speech
on opening the Session ; his Excellency's replies ; and a
tong Report of the Executive Committee of the
Constitutional Association of Montreal. The Ad-
d:esses being merely echoes of the Speech from the Throl.
Sir FitANcis B. HEAD figures in them as that exquisite
ninny which lie proved himself' at the opening of the Ses-
sion. '}'his speech, with Lord anountiases caustic com-
mentary upon it, having appeared in our columns, it is need-
less to trouble our readers with the Legislative Council and
.he House of Assembly's concurrence in the truth of every
word of it. The Report of the Committee of the Mon-
treal Loyal Association recommends, as a panacea for every

il, the re-union of the provinces—.a proposal,in the sound
wisdom of which we entirely concur, provided it could be
accomplished with the consent of the Canadians of French

Our readers will see by the accounts in our City
Article, that the disturbances at Bahia have been brought
to a conclusion.

The Paris Journals of Tuesday have been received.
They state, on the authority of letters from Africa, that
Marshal VALLEF. has reported that a regular army of
48,000 men, well supplied with stores and provisions, will
be requisite to the maintenance of the French authority
within the limits of its present conquests. The advices
from Madrid are of the sth instant, but they are confined
to a pompous report of ESPARTERO'S movements in the
vicinity of Balmaceda. The following is the only official
news received from the Spanish frontier on Tuesday by
the French Government : _

" PERPIGNAN, FEB. 12.-It is said that Baron de Meer,
after having revictualled Cordova, had retired to Manrers.
Nothing certain about the Borella since it was taken by the

" On the 29th Oraa entered Benicarlo, which had been
evacuated by Cabrera, after having taken possession of the
provisions and ammunition."

FRENCH FUNDS—PARTS, Fee. 13.
Five per Cents.. mot 45c. 2sc. 4 c.
Four and a Half per Cents. 105 f. .50c.
Four per Cents., 104 f.
l'hree per Cents.. 79f. 55c. 5Cc.
Bank Actions, 9,695 f.
Rente de Naples, 9Sf. 9.5 c. 99f.
Roman Five per Cents., 191 X%.
Spanish Actives, 15X.
Belgian Loan, 104
Belgian Bank, 1,52.5 f. 1,520 f. 1,521 f. 50c. 1,550 f.
Portuguese Loan, Three per Cents 17%.
Haytian Loan, 3S3f.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, 2.5 f. 47;4c.; money, 25f. 47;4c.
Three months, paper, 2.5 f. Mc.; money, 25f. 32;4c.
LAST PRICES.
Five per Cents. 100 f. 47:e.
Three per Cents., 99f. 65e.
Bank Actions, 2,0351.
Romans, 101 X.
Belgian Loan, 10114.
Belgian Bank, 1,5C0f.
Spanish Actives, 19X.
Haytlan Loan, 3551.

Brussels and German papers of the latest dates have
been received. A letter from Frankfort, of the 2d inst.,
states that five-franc pieces, bearing the effigy, and coined
in the name of the Duke DE BORDEAUX, as HENRY V. of
France, have been for somo time in circulation in that city.
We were not previously aware that the guardians of the
Duke were such madmen as to advise an exile to assume
the exercise of a function which can of right only belong
to a de facto Sovereign. A letter from Munich of the
7th states that considerable destruction has been done by
a great fire in that city. Fortunately the loss is not irre-
mediable as the property destroyed consisted in merchan-
dize, and not partly in valuable pictures, as was first ru-
moured. The following account of a shock of earthquake
felt at Odessi, Jassy, and Cronstadt, onlthe 23d ult., is
copied from the correspondent of a Frankfort journal :
OnEssa, JAN. 26.—0 n the 23d of this month, at eleven
minutes past nine in the evening, we had a very smart shock
of an earthquake, which lasted sixty-seven seconds, the direc-
tion N. W. to S.E. The mercury in the barometer rose from
28. 3. 10. to 28. 4. 5. There were two shocks, the first ver-
tical, the second horizontal ; the thermometer 17% below
Zero. Many houses were damaged, but no accidents of con-
sequence took place. The alarm was general, as it was feared
that a more violent shock might follow.
VIENNA, Faa. 6.—We learn from Jassy and Cronstadt that
a violent earthquake was felt there on the 23d of January (at
Jassy.) It was at Bh. 55 min. in the evening, and lasted 55
seconds, without doing much damage. The churches of St.
Spiridion and Kuretaro suffered the most; the thermometer
was 14. above Zero. At Cronstadt the earthquake began at
21 minutes past eight, and lasted 63 seconds. The houses
shook, walls were rent, and some hundred chimneys fell. In
five minutes all the elements were calm. At Tartlan the
Church steeple is said to have fallen. At Alt- Oriowa scarcely
a house escaped undamaged. Some persons affirm that the
earthquake was felt at Vienna on the 23d, in the evening.
BELGIAN I. UNDS—BaussEr.s, Fan 13.
Actual Debt, per Cent.
ltothschild's Loan, 5 per Cent. lO2
Loan of Thirty Millions... 9314
Loan of City, 1932, 4 per Cent 99
Society of Commerce, per Cent 137
Bank of Belgium, b per Cent 1461'
National Society .
—Brussels Papers, Feb. 13.
DUTCH FUNDS.—ANNTRIIDAIV, FEB. 12.
Actual Debt, 26 per Cent.
Do du. 5 per Cent.
Amort Syndic 4!,4 per Cent.,
Do. do. 3!.i per Cent.
• Commercial Company, 4k, per Cent 1791/4
Now ditto
AUSTRIAN FUNDS.—Vir.xxa, Fes. 6.
live per Cents. Matalliques
Foal* per Cents.
ThrLe per Cents.
Bonk Shares
—Allgemeine,Zeitung, Feb. 11.

ROXBURGR ELECTION COMMIT-

TEE..-(TINS DAY.)

The Committee met at eleven o'clock this morning, but was obliged to
adjourn, in consequence of the illness of Mr. Duff, one of its members.
A medical gentl2man was in attendance with the usual certificate, and
was•dirtcted by the Chairman to be in waiting at the House at four
o'clock, to be examined, if necessary, as to the facts.

IPSWICH ELECTION COMMITTEE
(THIS DAY.)

The scrutiny sti.l continues, on the samo ground of objection, change
of residence.

Messrs. Kelly and Tuflbell were, at the close of yesterday's pro-
ceedingo, on an equality.
The Liberals objected to the vote of Charles Burns, but the Com.
mittee did not consider the objection established, and the vote was
retained.

BELFAST ELECTION COMMITTEE

(THIS DAY.)

The Committee sat at eleven o'cicck, Mr. HALPOURD in the Chair.
Mr. 11:.A8IGER stated the case for the petitioners. In the first
place, I.e objected to Mr. Gibson's qualification as insufficient,
on the ground that the property from which the alleged quali-
fication was derived was he'd upon lease for lives renew-
able on certain terms, his, Mr. Gibson's own life, not being
one of them. Further, Mr. Thessiger objected that Mr. Gibson had
not complied with the order of the year 1717, which required that,
when the return of any Irish Member was petitioned against, that Mem-
ber was bound to give notice to the petitioners in writing, setting forth in
full all the particulars of his qualification. If these two objections, or either
of them were established, there would be an end of the case as regarded
Mr. Gibson, and the question would be beta een Lord Belfast and the
petitioners. With respect to the Noble Lord, he (Mr. Thessiger) was
prepared to establish against him cases of bribery upon an extensive
scale. But as the investigation of such cases was always painful, he
scrutiny, as
t go into them on this occasion, if he should succeed in the
uhtoipnedo,
rtdoesrtrtiokeeofrft:eat sufficient, number nzstbercoomf voteseto ttoireseaotfttehie
petitioners.,
contested question of opening the registers to review the decisions of
the Revising Barristers—a power which he hoped the House of Com-
mons would always reserve to itself. Ile would now produee the poll_
books. He called
Solomon Darkus, Clerk of the Peace of the county of Antrim, who
produced the poll-books of the late election. He had always received
the pall books into his custody from the Sovereign of the borough after
elections for Belfast since the passing of the Reform Bill. Ile now pro-
duced also the affidavit of the Sovereign, verifying the books.
Mr. Ileartisom objected to the affidavit, on the ground that the date
had been supplied after the affidavit was sworn, and interlineations also
had been introduced after the swearing.—Objection over-ruled.
Mr. Arspanws now objected to the poll.books, as not being produced
by the proper officer. They ought to have beets in custody of the Town
Clerk of Belfast, who was keeper of the Records of the Borough,' and
not in that of the Clerk of the Peace of the county of Antrim—Objec-
tion over.ruled.
_ _

A discussion was then raised as to whether Mr. Murray (for Lord
Belfast) could put a question to the witness (Darkus) respecting the
statement of a Poll-clerk named Kennedy, that there were erasures in
the books. The question was disallowed, after which the poll.books
were opened, and the scrutiny commenced.
The numbers at the close of the poll were stated to have been—
For the Sitting Members :
Gibson
For the Tories :
Tennant 9Ol I Dunbar
Mr. HAURISON said that at this stage it was for him to show that
neither Tennant nor Dunbar were qualified ; and, therefore, although
titioners, the petition in their favour could not be pro-
they were not p
e
ceeded with.
