ROYAL SURREY THEATRE.

The production of Ainsworth's " Jack Sheppard," has attracted
complete overflows, and 'been pronounced to be the greatest
achievement ever yet attempted, it will consequently be
acted every Evening.
THIS EVENING, Dv.. 4,
FOR THE BENEFIT OF MR. E. F. SAVILLE.
Will be acted, Ainsworth's celebrated Drama of
JACK SHEPPARD.
Illustrating all Cruikshanks' inimitable Tableaux Vivant.
Characters by Messrs. Saville, Dale, Heslop, Laws, Smith,
Ross, Neville ; Mrs. Vining, Mrs. Daly, Miss Martin, Miss
Grant Dice. Laws, &c.

With a variety of Singing and Dancing.
To conclude with,
TIIE MERCHANT OF VENICE.

TO CORRESPONDENTS.

We cannot find room for " Ab Gomer'a " second corn-
munication, which is left as desired.
The letter of " M. Viettinghoff" is left for him in the
Office.

HIGH.WATER AT LONDDINI BRIDGE TO. ORRO W.
Morning l5 minutes after 1 t Evening 40 minutes atter 1

LONDON :
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1839.

The Editor of The Sun is much gratified by the
communication from Leicester, and assures the nu-
merous body of gentlemen who have honoured
him with their approbation, that they will ever find
him ready and willing to labour with them in aid
of that great and good cause—the cause of Civil
and Religious Liberty.

The real sentiments of the Tories having been
betrayed by the blundering of Mr. BRADSHAW,
the abuse of Mr. ROBY, and the ranting of the
priests, their journals have found it necessary to
to make great professions of loyalty, and to boast of
their party as exclusively devoted to the SOVE-
REIGN. Certainly as long as he was the sign and
symbol of arbitrary power the Tories were loyal,
but whenever the Sovereign became liberal,
whenever he was the sign and symbol of political
improvement, of mercy, kindness, and justice, then
the Tories, true to their abominable faith of ruling
by terror, of governing by cruelty, of coercing
the bulk of the people by force, turned against the
Sovereign and became distinguished for their
disloyalty. This feature stands out prominently
through the latter periods of our history.
The High Church friends of CHARLES 1., such
as Archbishop LAUD and his followers, urged that
unfortunate Monarch on in his guilty career ; pro-
voked a corresponding violence in an opposite party,
and hurried him to the block. ' They were true
Tories. So the friends of JAMES 11. belonged to
the same party, and of the Liberal WILLIAM 111.,
the friend and protector of Protestantism and free-
dom, the Tories were the enemies. All the glories
of ANNE'S reign in opposing the ambition of
France were won by the Whigs ; the Tories to By the arrival of her MAJESTY'S packet inert
gain their end of re-establishing an arbitary Prince :rom the West Indies, we have received Jamaica
on the throne, sacrificed even the glory of the Papers to the 29th ult. On the 22d his Excellency
country. Nothing was too base for them to attempt Sir CHARLES METCALFE, who has succeeded
in order to re-establish High Church and Tory prin• the negro's friend, Sir LIoNEL SMITH, as Governor
ciples in power, and it required the greatest of that island, opened the Provincial Parliament in
promptness and decision in the Whigs to preven a long speech, well described by the St. Jago Ga-
them from placing the son of JAMES 11. on the zetle as " breathing from beginning to end a spirit
throne. Through the whole of the reign of the of reconciliation and good feeling, with an earnest
first GEORGE, and the greatest part of the reign of desire to assist the House heartfully in carrying out
his successor, while STANHOPE and WALPOLF. every measure that may benefit the island, and re-
were extending religious freedom, and encouraging pair the breaches between the parties for some time
peace, the mischevious, factious, and scoundrel 'Tories past so ruthlessly and so injuriously opposed to
were fomenting all kinds of plots, stirring up all each other." The task which the new Governor
sorts of riots and seditious, and exhibiting their proposes to accomplish is certainly a most difficult
loyalty to their Sovereign, and their attachment to one, and if he succeed will entitle him to the
their country, by endeavouring to dethrone the gratitude of his country and the favour of his
former, and by exposing the latter to all the Sovereign. Hitherto Jamaica has more resembled
horrors of a civil war. For the best part a republic, like that of Venice in her worst days,
of half a century, were they intriguing with governed by an overbearing, rapacious, and cruel
the Pretender, inviting the French and Spaniards oligarchy, than the colony of a constitutional mo-
to invade England, and exerting themselves narchy. Under the tyrannical slave system, every
to the utmost to embroil the country at petty planter and overseer exercised the supreme
home, and degrade it abroad. A more despicable power of a sovereign prince. From trampling with
and a meaner faction, thwarting at all times the impunity upon the rights of the poor African, he
progress of society by the most odious means, for insensibly acquired a feeling of co-ordinate juris-
the mere purpose of seizing office, and degrading diction and authority with the Government, and
the people, than were the Tories during the greater heece he was prepared to treat its mandates with
disappearne
part of the reigns of the two first GEORGES, never contempt, if opposed to what
inierest. But, with the abolition of slavery, must
lie regarded as his
disgraced a civilized country. -
When GEORGE 111., a narrow-minded, at bi-
be mevi
l s
attempted
by
trary Prince, who only wanted talents to be a despot, state of society so demoralising; and this is the
ascended the Throne, and exercised his power to arduous to
task the
w so praise-worthily
check the expansion of liberty, first in the United Sir CHARLES METCALFE. The following is a
States, and afterwards on the Continent of Europe, copy of his Excellency's Message, which was re-
lic found ready auxiliaries in the Tories. The ferred to a Select Committee—being the courteous
High Churchmen became loyalists. The country mode of treating it, according to the forms of the
gentlemen and the SACHEVERELL parsons forgot House of Assembly. We may premise that Mr.
their enmity to the House of a —ANOVER, arid par- PA NTON was elected Speaker; a gentleman better
doned the constrained liberality of his predecessors, qualified by his knowledge of legislative forms,
who were, from their ignorance of our country, than by his past political career, for that honour-
little better than tools in the hands of the Whigs, able office :
for the sake of the bigotry of the third GEORGE. " Gentlemen of the Council,
He was a King after the Tories' own hearts, and " Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the Assembly,
" I hail our coming together with erect pleasure, in
his love of tyranny converted the Tories into loyal men. i
te e hope and belief that we shall proceed to discharge
They cannot, however, shake off their inherent cha- our respective duties with hearty good will, and by our
meter. It was by mistake that one part of them,
iunited
tein, ()Iseeaysoeurrysf,eebse
wiienabled,ieit
thein somestatee
t degree,the
island
t ?pe r-
immediately after they had shown their abhorrence demands.
of even a semblance of liberality by their treatment .. Ir. was my wish, on my arrival, to meet you at the
of Mr. CANNING, passed the Catholic Ernanci-
oeaf rltiehsatt pdoesssiibrele pbeeri inogd , i but
rtlnepaostitiolantedththe gratification
me
pation Act, and that mistake, the whole faction has
ttou'd be generally the most convenient rorresteh
et
etn
tn -
ever since, by their united efforts, endeavoured to mencement of the Session.
rectify. As soon as they were driven from power, " Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the House of
Assembly,
which they had in vain sacrificed their principles to e You will, I have no doubt, grant the supplies re-
keep, their innate character shone forth in all its quired for the exigiencies of the public service, "a
ith due
angry glare, regard to efficiency and economy.
" I am so satisfied of your readiness
Ever since 1830 have these factious, mischievous,. troaldoeelvferythhing
necessary and practicable for th
politicians, kept the country in a state of excitement it is ohly in compliance with estaehlig;_enpe
h d cuwstomaret,htataft
by their resistance to most necessary reforms. To
functions,
you with any application on this part of your
them it is of no consequence that the principles
srvieclytiotnos,thweirseelyeresetrvted byf theh Constitution exclu-
they lay down are impracticable, and, if practicable, " Gentlemen of the Cvoeusnoeil,t e people.
would be eminently mischievous. They serve the " Mr. Speaker, and Gentlemen of the House of •
Message from. the Governor_emer in Council with return to
writs of election of 'NI embers s for the parishes ot St
purpose of creating a prejudice, and are convenient
~ M Assebly,h
James and Manchester, in the room of the late H •
ast differences should B. Liarrett and Curtisl Philip
to stir up animosity. The Tories now oppose reform
signed ytoanoxbi ri tv)iotn , aetaaulslesp
Inc, to advert to thembe cog-
Berry, by whic it ::)-. and improvement just as in the reigns of the exceeding reluctance ; but I am, on the whole, of pears,, twhearteArertthurueredo John Foster and Thomas Wheatle,
two first GeonGEs they excited a High Church opinion, that a frank and unreserved reference to our trlu"ced, took the oaths and
dein in attendance, were in-
and Jacobitical commotion to keep alive tyranny, actual position will be the best mode of di charging my The Speaker acquainted the their
seats.
duty towards you on this occasion, and the most like] ' i letter House that lie had re-
During that time, they were the authors of method of meeting your wishes and ex .cta
p tions. Y ceii\elec a
Leslie sctlftredsignation from Capt. Darling,
two rebellions, supported by aid from abroad, " I shall have to lay before you an Act Lot the Impe- cii
vvr..
Hyslop, Leg
,tahcrat. he held in his hand a petition.
tending to degrade England into a vassal of France. deemed
Legislatured ofour Mother Country, which was ling. Subsequently'
theal pt
Petition
return of Capt. Dar-
Now they are accused, and we believe justly, of i passede.mn by the unavoidable,in
, consequence of Ilesolutions and a Committee of Scrue is n was introduced,read,
Douse of tl.s.sembly in the three last mean time lists my to be appointed. In the
having patronised and fostered the chartist out- sessiona of the Legislature of this island. Ido not Leave of absence to to be exchanged.
break, as they encouraged the invasion of the Soots think it requisite to call your attention to the particular Hamilton, G sence granted to Dr. Whittaker, Duncan
of that enact e t be
provisions
in 1715 and 1745, without having the courage to
that there will he All) neeesstty for carrying them into , The s i , . appear openly in the field. This at least is certain, effect,peititer naving reported the Governor's speech,
. and the same. h •
that their language and their conduct have been , " you are naturally anxious that your Coratitutiop, .0, , having ben read, some discussion arose
0i t.qi,ner it should be referred to a special committee to
. .

,pit. V:4., ) :
'Alt% .., • Si! 4'.:6: 41111 "‘ r .ti . ,

TAR .------uvc.
