LONDON, THURSDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 6, 1828.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

ANSION-HOUSE.

The Justice-room was crowded to excess yester-
day, the- final examination 'of Mary Ann Walters,
who stands charged"with a robbery, and upon whose
evidence a young woman, named Ann Crawley, now
in the Penitentiary, was convicted at the Old
:Bailey, having been expected.
Th.c prisoner being put to the bar, seemed to
Suffer great anguish of mind.
Mrs. Eaton, of the Elephant public-house, in
Fenchurch-street, and her daughter, gave evidence,
as did Mr. Bamford, the loss of whose umbrella led
to the detection of Mary Walters as a thief
with respect to that property, as well as to Miss
Eaton's trinkets, which were found pledged at the
shop of Mr. Barker, the pawnbroker, in the same
name as that in which the umbrella was pawned.

The case of Ann Crawley was, it appears, tried
by Mr. Serjeant Arabin. The Lord Mayor was
yesterday furnished with a copy of the Sessions
Paper, contalaing the report of the trial, the leading
features of which will be read with no small degree
of surprise. Mr. Phillips was Counsel for the un-
fortunate prisoner, arid so strong was his relioce
upon her innocence, tliat'he declared frequently in
the progress of the case, that she knew nothing of
the robbery. He was at length reproved by the
Learned Judge, who summed up as if the evidence
impressed his Lordship with an idea that the pri-
soner was certainly guilty.
The Sessions Paper stated that Ann Crawley was
indicted for having stolen a ring, the property of
Miss Eaton, &c.; that Drinkwater, the officer, had
been employed to search the prisoner'S boxes, which
were at her brother's hOuse, and that he found, but
not till the second search, a handkerchief and the
ring in question. .

This Officer, in cross-examination, says—The pri-
soner was in the Compter when I searched the
boxes. Mary Ann Walters and a young woman
were present, and the prisoner's brother. I did not
find them on the first search. - The prisoner surren-
dered voluntarily.

Mr. Phillips called. Ralph Sherwin, of No. 7,
-Holywell-row, ShOreditch, who said, the pri-
soner's brother lodges with me. I was present
when the officer came to search. He brought keys
with him, and searched the boxes minutely. He
took out every thing and shook them. If the ring
had been there I must have seen it. On the second
search Mary Am, Walters searched the boxes while
the officer was -sitting in a chair, and she up with
her hands and said," I have got the very thing will
do her." I said " What• is to do her ?" The
officer then showed the ring. I thought to myself
it could not be there'when the search was made be-
fore; I asked the prisoner's brother, and he said
the young woman herself had taken it from the box,
The prisoner had plenty of opportunity to go up to
the box, but did net. -I am sure the ring was not
in the box, for every thing was shook out, and.the
ring was in a red ease. I could not help seeing it
if it was there.

The prisoner was convicted and sentenced to
transportation for seven years. One of the gentle-
men of the grand jury before whom the evidence for
the prosecution was heard, waited Aipon the Lord
Mayor yesterday, and informed.. him that they had
found a true bill against Ann Crawley, not upon the
~evidence of Mary Ain Walters, but upon that of the
vidficer, and that they had such an opinion of Wal-
ters"that they would not find that the prisoner had
taken any of the property which she described is her
own.
IWV. Stevens, of BisLopsgate, said that a subset*:
"tion was set on foot for the unfortunate Ann Craw-
ley, and stated that the greatest anxiety prevailed
that an immediate application should be made to the
Secretary .of State.
The prisoner was leaning on The bar, with her
face on her hands, while these statements were
made. •

Her solicitor advised her not to say a word. She
acquiesced.
It is believed that -a Man with Whom she is con-
nected, prevailed upon her.to• conic* the offence, of
which she appeared to be the ready accuser of an
innocent person.- _
_- •

The. conduct of Mrs. Eaton and her daughter re-
flected the greatest credit upon them. Nothing
could exceed their anxiety' that Ann Crawley should
be released from her unmerited imprisonment.
Mary Ann Walters was fully committed for trial,

Henry Thomas, the young man whom Mr. 4nnis,
the pawnbroker of the Minories, employed confiden-
tially, and by whom he was robbed (by the pri-
soner's own confession) of property to a large
amount, was brought up for final examination.
Mr. Hobler, jolt., who appeared for the prosecu-
tion, stated to the Lord Mayor that the witness to
whoM the prisoner had made voluntary confession
of gUilt, was unable, in consequence of severe illness,
to attend, but he (Mr. Hobler, jun.) pledged him-
self, if the Grand Jury should find 'a true bill, and
the witness should be so far recovered as to be able
to give evidence, to produce him at the proper time.
The LORD MA Yon asked, whether pawnbrokers
were in the habit of allowing their shopmen to wear,
or of wearing themselves, any articles left with them
in pledge. To this a direct negative was given.
" The practice then," said his Lordship,
changed. I remember some years ago a friend of
mine, Deputy B—, who kept a pawnbroker's shop,
went with me and a party up the Thames on a Sa-
turday, and as the day was fine, and we were all
very pleasant, we proposed to stay out until Sunday
or Monday. All consented to stay out except the
worthy deputy, who happened to have a nice new
wig upon him. We pressed him for his motive for
refusing, and, at length, he consented to tell us.
You see this wig upon me,' says he. Well,
this was pawned with me on Monday last, and I am
sure my customer will want it to-morrow- to go to
church with.' " (Loud laughter.). Committed.

n
were brought from James'sSt.
charge. Magistrate,a
uponteli-hot tht see
follow-
ing thfo
Mr. Aldous, a pawnbroker, residing in Berwick-
Mr. DYER, e sitting
street, Soho, stated, that about eight o'clock on the.
previous evening the two prisoners came into his
shop together, and offered for pawn the five volumes
of books now produced, and he (Mr. Aldous) ob-
serving by a printed label on each volume that they
belonged to the circulating library of Mr. Hodgson,
. a bookseller, in Marylebone-street, he questioned the
prisoners as to how they came into possession of the
books; and their reply was, that Mr. Hodgson.him-
self had sent them with:the books to pawn. Not,
however, --believing one word of this assertion, he
questioned the .prisoners still more clesely on the
subject,_when they said that the Mr. Hodgson they,
meant •was a man whom they met in Oxford-street,
and who gave them the books to pledge for him.
Being as little satisfied with this account as with the-
other, Mr. Aldous said he sent for a constable, and
had the prisoners lodged in the watch-house.
Mr. Hodgson, who attended, said that he kneW
nothing whatever of the prisoners, not having
to his knowledge, ever seen them in his life before,
but the books produced certainly belonged to him,
and he perfectly recollected that they were safe on,
his counter in the shop, for he saw them there so
late as seven. o'clock the evening before, so that
how they could have come into the possession of
the prisoners, he was quite at a loss to imagine.
.The prisoners who both described themselVes to
the- Magistrate as, apprentices to Mr. Maberly, .the
coachmaker in Great Queen-street, Lincoln's Inn-
fields, persisted in their story, that a man, who said
his name was tiodgson, and that the books belonged
to him, gave the Ave volumes to them in Oxford-
street, and desired them to go and pledge the books
at Mr. Aldous's shop, and he was waiting for them
to return when they were detained; but where this
man lived, or who he really was, they could not tell.
Buckland, one of the beadles belonging to St.
James's parish, said that he could scarcely believe
the prisoners to be, as they said, apprentices in so
respectable an establishment as that of Mr. Maberly,
because lie (Buckland) kneW both the prisoners for.
a considerable time to be in the habit of frequenting
a well=known flash public-house, called the Maiden-
head, in Berwick-street, the constant resort of
thieves and prostitutes, kept by a man named Pens
ninger.
The prisoners re-asserted that they were the ap-
prentices of Mr. Mabewly, and denied that they were
in the habit of frequenting the house in question;
but Buckland and another constable declared
that they had often seen them there.
To ascertain the fact of whether they really are
the apprentices of Mr. Maberly, and to have some
other inquiries. Made, the prisoners were remanded
until Saturday next.. . .
The drivers of the hackney-coaches numbered
1,057, 568, 485, 732, f 364, and 909, appeared under
summonses to show cause why they should not be
convicted in a penalty of 10s. each (the highest laid
down by the Act of Parliament, the 30th Geo. 111.
cap. 50, one Of the local acts for the regulation of
St. James's parish, Westminster), for standing with'
their coaches longer than was necessary to set down
or take up a fare in that part of Piccadilly extending
from/ the eastern side of Church-passage to the
westfrn side of Saciville-street, and there plying: for
hire, contrary to the said act. It appears that by this
Act of 'Parliament all hackney-coaches are expressly
forbidden from being stationed in this part of Picca-
dilly with a view to prevent any interruption at any
time of the day to the performance of divine worship
in St. James's church, which is opposite.
A witness proved that all the defendants, except
the driver of 485,'were stationed with their coaches
on the forbidden spot on the 30th of last.month ;
and upon this proof they were all, with the above
exception, convicted in the penalty of ss. and 4s.
6d. costs ; and every one ,of them being a defaulter
in the payment of the same, they were all locked up.
The, whole of the defendants pleaded total igno-
rance of the existence of this,Act at all; and they
moreover said, as an excuse for not paying thepe-
nettles, that they were all most miserably poor; for
that hackney-coach-driving . was now become the.
very worst trade going in London, and was, in fact,
entirely knocked up since the introduction of
" them ere French cabs as now gets all the trade ;"
and it was a very great shame, they said, for the
King, or whoever does it, to be licensing such a
number of wehickles that there is no getting a
living out of them, and they are ready. to eat one
another up.

A man named James Pepper was charged en
suspicion of stealing- a large quantity of harness-
buckles, the property of Mr. Green, a saddler's iron-
monger, in Lisle-street, Leicester-square.
Mr. Green stated, that on that morning a man
came into his shop, and offered him for sale the Ib
dozen of harness-buckles now produced, and he (Mr.
Green) had no sooner looked at them than he re-
cognized them as part of a great deal of property
that he had been robbed of some months ago, and
the man who offered them for sale immediately told
him that he was sent by the prisoner to dispose of
the buckles.

The prisoner, who is himself a harness-maker,
and .is in the service of Mr. Horne, the proprietor
of the Golden-cross, Charing-cross, coach-owner,
said that he had purchased the buckles about five
months ago, of a man named Charles Hunt, who
then worked at one of the wharfs, but where that
Charles Hunt is to be found now, he could not tell,
nor did he think he should be able to find him. The
price -he gave Hunt,. he said, for the buckles was
s.
_6d. per dozen.

Mr. Green said, that the prisoner must have
known very well that Is. 6d. was not one third of
the value of the buckles, as they were worth ss.
a dozen.
..

The prisoner said, that a small part of the buckles
he got from his brother, and the larger part from
Hunt.

The prisoner's brother, who was present, de-
clared that he never sold the prisoner any of the
buckles, nor did he ever possess any of this kind in
his life.

A person, who was accidentally present in the
office, said, that the Charles Hunt, of whom the
prisoner spoke •as having worked at one of the
xvharfs, was dead, and had been buried about a month
tigo.
The prisoner said that lie was ignorant of this
fact : but he was remanded to produce something
wore satisfactory than his bare assertion that he
bought the buckles at all of Hunt.

UNION-HALL.

Yesterday morning a gentleman named Cook at-
tended before Mr. CHAMBERS for the purpose of so-
liciting his advice as to the best mode of getting
back a runaway daughter. The applicant proceeded
to state, that four day ago his daughter, a young
creature 16 years of age, absconded from home
without giving any member of the family the
slightest intimation of her intention. At first, when
she was missed, serious fears were entertained for
her safety, until within the last few hours applicant
ascertained that she had eloped with a man at whose
house, in the Dover-road, she was then staying. On
discovery of her retreat, applicant proceeded thither,
,iecompanied by a friend, fur the purpose of demand-
ing hack his lust daughter, hut the individual with
whom she eloped refused to deliver her up, or even
to allow an interview. Under these circumstances,
the applicant had still some apprehensions that the

EX PORITD.
Previous-
ly this
year.
Bags, &c. Bags, &c.
199 19,516
1,490 43,034
1,647
65,535.
68,8 ii.

IM POUTED.
Same pc.
• This riod lest
. year. year.
Bags, &e. Bags, &c.
Liverpool M6,475 689,161
London 62,100 0,762
Glaspiw 39,9'27 14286
Total exported in 1824

Same veiiod 182'7 ,

EMANCIPATION OF A SLAVE IN ORKNEY.
—An interesting question came lately before the Justices
of Peace at Stromness, upon an application for W. 31.
LA NSDOWN, formerly a slave in Jamaica, who bad come to
Stromness on board the brig Traveller of Aberdeen, hound
for that island, and of which vessel he had been steward.
The point for decision was, whether this individual who
came lately to Britain, and lived a short time in Aberdeen,
could be obliged, contrary to his present inclinations, to re-
turn to a place where he might be claimed by his master,
and again subjected to slavery. The Justices found, that
Larisnowrr was entitled to the liberty lie claimed ; and in
respect of his exposure to slavery should be return to the
West Indies, and also in consequence of his net having
signed the ship's articles of agreement, found that he could
not be compelled to proceed thither without his own
consent. He was accordingly discharged.—Caledonian
Mercury.

CHANGES WHICH TAKE PLACE IN THE
DOMESTIC ANIMALS OF EUROPE, WIEN 'TRANSPORTED TO
Astenica.—The mammiferous animals transported from
the Old to the New World are the hog, the sheep, the
goat, the ass, the horse, the cow, and the dog.—lst. The
Hog. This animal, in the hot valleys of South America,
where he wanders whole days in the woods, living chiefly
upon wild fruits, loses speedily the marks of domestication,
and partakes largely of the nature of the wild boar. The
year 1493 was the date of his first introduction into the
New World ; and now he is found established from
25 degrees north latitude, to 45 degrees south, and
everywhere breeds as plentifully as in Europe.-
2d. The Cow. Animals of this species appear to require a
considerable quantity of salt, as a part of their nourish-
ment. Wl:en salt is placed where they feed, they return
punctually to seek it; but when this duty is neglected by
their masters, the flock disperses and becomes wild. There
is also a difference in the size of the udder, particularly in
Columbia, where the milk is not reckoned of the same
importance as in Europe.--3d. The Ass.. The ass
caredltw his foeri'v i IlLea
suffers hardly any alteration either in his form. or
habits. In some places where he is overworked, and little
does he
animal : he finds chesnuts in the woods, and speedily pre-
_me:thd.efoTrthneedkbrsuet.
,ents one of the distinctions of wild animals--a sameness
of colour, which with him is aloittet binvtahT
tyo chrenut.thiseinleadVo)ifamrao..;
true, thatwith
Not
lion : and it is no less remarkable than the
tlhheey aamccbolrediistigtliym breedpaee lunPos ttheaidrwhirorses nowherehei
og suffers no change.-6th, The
• te climates, breeds as freely as
trbeheirparmer plains, they. are more dif-
ficult in tempera
In
with our's.---5
and never shows any inclination to escape from the dumi_
present race the amble is the natural pare, jest as
itnheEntrrootreit:
mpservatiarne on. The wool grows slower; but if
.
snfilcii.ounta i-toaof
ft
the proper time, presents nothing remarkable.
If, on the other hand, this time is allowed to pass, it is
detached by the shears of nature ; and instead of a new
crop growing,, as in other cases, a short, smooth, shining
hair presents itself, resembling that of the goat of the same
climate.-7th. The Goat, although with us a moun-
taineer, suits better the low 'mum valleys of South Ame-
rica, than the more eleeated.parts of the Cordilleras. The
only change it undergoes is similar to that of the Cow.—
' London Weekly Ream.
