THE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY

Extracts from the Morning Papers, June 27.

[MORNING TILITALD.]

The following is an extract from a Letter
which we received last night Though no
telegraph has yet announced it, M. Chateau-
briand says that he has certain information of
the King 'of Spain's Deposition. His Majesty
was forced into his carriage, witl► a guard on
each -side of him, and surrounded by 300 chosen
troops, tsith orders to puffer no person to ap.
proach, and thus carried off to Cadiz." Our
corespondent says nothing of the King having
been restored to his functions in Cadiz, and
indeed his boing accompanied by the Regency
of three, would seem to indicate that no such in-
tention was entertained by tl►e. Cortes.

We received last *night the Paris Papers of
Tuesday. They give no additional details con.
corning the late events at Seville, nor do they
announce, in an authentic' manner, the arrival of
the King and Gortes at Cadiz. In a Proclama.
tion issued by the'Provisional Juhta at Cordova,
after the stone of the Constitution was thrown
down there, we meet with the following aster-
tiOUS The National Representation was sold
to intriguers, was composed of heterogenous
'twits, nourished in its bosom hateful passions,
was incapable of conceiving one idea useful to
the country, or of forming a system of-finance.
General bankruptcy threatened every family in
the nation with ruin. Everywhere was per.,
ceivuble the absence of Christian morality. Re.
ligion was attacked with all the weapons of im.:
piety. Disorder constuned` fhe social body,
already approaching to its dissolution, and
rendered necessary legions of invisible spiis
anti informers—means odious, but indispen.
sable to' a Government without strength or
steadiness. Justice was no more than a word;
pa t. riotimu a disguise, liberty a phantom, and
virtue a lie." It concludes thus Dearly be-,
loved Ferdinand! at the end of thrde years of
revolution, misfortune, and slavery,, under the
disgraceful yoke of treason and tyranny, we de-
posit in your hands the sovereign authority. We
hope that, on your part, you will answer to our
confidence by the means which you will employ'
for the prosperity of the State." This address
needs no comment. Cordova was esteemed one
of the most Constitutional cities in the South ;
and it is matter of regret to find that it does not
retain sufficient spirit, while blaming the excesses
of thee past, to trace out some securities for the
future, 'besides those of throwing themselves un-
conditionally into the hands of the King. From
Bayonne it Is said that the unimpeded and sue.
cessful 'passage of the French army over the
Sierra Morena had excited astonishment amongst
the most incredulous. Well it aright; for, by
abandoning that pass without a struggle, Pla.
cencia betrayed the cause %Odell ho affected to
support. rt is said, from the sante quarter, that
St. Sebastian's was becoming discontented, and
that it already felt a want of the first necessaries
of life. 'This, howeirer, we have been told for
tame time: The Quotidienne labours hard to
show, that, in consequence of, the events at Se.
yule, Great 'Britain wilt withdraw her Minister,

istousaNG POST.]
Without pledging ourselves to approve the
conduct of the. Cortes of Spain, in the very de-
licate and difficult circumstances in which they
•
were placed by the refusal of the King to pro-
seed to Cadiz, we may be permitted to express
our astonishment at the hardihood of certala
writers, who pretend to find in the whole trans-
action a proof of the justice and policy of the
Spanish invasion. That the King of Spain had
ceased to be a free agent and was subjected
to the most absolute and degrading coercion,
lies been the unvaried apology for this
aggression, flom the moment when it was
first meditatid. And now, with a shame-
less effrontery, oee single instance in which
coercion has been applied, is seized, not as
a justification of future interference in the af-
fairs of this independent nation, but as a proof
that the assertions on svhich it was defended
three or four months ago, were at that time
well founded. The vote of the Cortes that the
King of Spain hid become incompetent to the
diacherge of the Regal duties, may have been
founded uPOn a fiction suggested by the
pressieg emergency of the moment, or it
may have been strictly acmdant , with the
fact. In the' 'latter' case, the question re-
specting- tlie"Justice or the injustice of the
invasion is in no degree affected. In the former,
and perhaPs the- more probable case, is it not
clear th ihe' assertion of the King's previous
iikiresse is completely negatived ? Ily what con-
eeivablo motive could the Cortes, if it already
held the Mng and Royal Family captive, be
actuated, when they promulgated to the world a
falsehood so entirely unnecessary and useless ?
This vote, calcUlated as it is to suggest suspicion
and to attract calumny, must of necessity have
been extorted from the reluctant Cortes by the
consciousness that in no other way could it ac-
quire that absolute dominion over the Royal
person, rliich for months has been ascribed to it
by the enemies of Spanish independence.

[MORNING CHRONICLE.]
Extract of a Letter from General Pope, dated
Lisbon, May 30.—" You, will be surprised to
learq, tbat the Prince D.Mignel, son of the King,
reyelto at the. bead two regiments. Yester-
day, beneral 3epillv9da went over witli another
regiment. The Provinces are in complete revolt.
I am in the midst of treachery anti infamy. How-
ever, this 'Morning the national guards came to
aettiaptling that I shotrld put myself at their
bead. What a contrast between their conduct
sing that
~of o'e adds , I shall remain in this
eity so long as there is a breath of Portuguese
liberty.—The 30/h in the evening. I resume
