3 shed. It could not be said of Sir R. Peel as of a monarch of
hrious memory, "thee he never said a foolish thing, and never
id a wise one," for be had indeed said a foolish thing in de-
-laming the Wesleyan. body, and he (Mr. Iliffe) was convinced
that, when the pet:a ins were handed round to the Methodists,
every local preacher,. steward, trustee, and leader, (with the
single exception or one between a boy and man,) would
eagerly sign them. Be had great pleasure in calling their
attention to Mother: Church, (for so he supposed he might
term her, though sirs had proved a very cruel step-mother to
to many of them,) in the Hall where, but a few years ago—in
the high and. palmy clays of Toryism—its staunch supporters,
its choicest specimens, raised their voices for Church and
King until they had not a leg to stand on, the height of their
zeal, or tbe depth of their potations in the holy cause having
quite overcome thean.—( Laughter.) Mr. Iliffe then proceeded
to remark on the high ground hitherto assumed by the liberal
Churchynen, saying that they were too often more familiar with
the terms Atheist, S6einian, &c. &c. than with their own
creed., and concluded his speech by remarking that, whenever
they was an election for Members of Parliament, Town
euncillors, or any other important office, there was no single
rieass in the town who could bring forward a greater number of
`honest, unbiased, independent, liberal voters than the Leices-
ter Wesleyan Methodists. Having seconded Mr. Hassall's
Motion, it was carried unanimously.
The CHAIRMAN here read the following letter
Dear Sire-ain consequence of being engaged in our
quarterly meeting, I and most of our official members are de-
barred the privilege of being present at your meeting. How-
ever, please to accept of our hearty good wishes and deter-
mined concurrence in your opposition to that uuscriptural and
odious impost, called " Church-rates." And permit us, as a
younger section of Methodism, to petition Parliament with you
as followers of the venerable Wesley; so shall Sir R. Peel
and the Biehops be convinced that tens of thousands of Metho-
dists are not with them in their unhallowed crusade against
Disseaters and religious liberty. In this town, we have about
400 Members in society ; and confident we are, that 309 of this
number are decidedly opposed to Church-rates. In the united
kingdom we are above 62,000 Members in society; and be as-
sured we are nearly to a man with you in this matter.
" Your's, on behalf of the quarterly meeting of the Primi-
tive Methodist Societies in the Leicester Circuit,
" THOMAS MORGAN.
" George-street Chapel, Monday afternoon; half-past six
o'clock."
Mr- BAGGERLEY (local-preacher)—The body ought to be
grateful to Sir R. Peel for affording them so good an oppor-
tunity of expressing their opinions, being assured that if the
I 3 shops and the Tories could reckon on the support of the
NVesleyans that they would, without hesitation, annihilate the
Bill at once, they having had two opportunities of becoming
acquainted with their great power, once as regarded the
Bill to abolish village preaching (the petitions against which
were so numerous as almost to paralize the Right Rev.
Bench, and induced them to abandon it forthwith), and once
when they stirred themselves in favour of the abolition of
slavery. In the whole of his career, he had never met but
one Wesleyan who was in favour of Church-rates, and that
was a woman. He was totally opposed to the principle of
Church-rates, Easter offerings, and all similarly unjust ex-
action% and he begged to say that, though repeatedle
applied to and repeatedly threatened, he never had pall
them and he never would.—(Loud cheers.) If they had
remained quiet any longer, they would have laid themselves
open to the charge of santioning a system which was infi-
nitely worse than highway robbery, for the ruffian who
stopped a citizen on the highway had not only to run the
chance of being knocked down, hut was also amenable to
the law, while the law took from them the straightforward
means of defending themselves against Church-rate rubbers.
Ile had great pleasure in moving that the petition to the
House of Commons be presented by Colonel Thompson, he
beige the con of a local preacher.—(Cheers)
Mr. LONG, (local-preacher), said that, though he could
no', with the preceding speaker, say that he had never paid
Church-rates, yet he could say that he he I never paid them
willingly. Ile was much pleased at the manner in which the
subject had been treated, and rejoiced that the time was come
when the neseehere of their numerous and inflneatial body ha I
publicly declared thet they would-submit to the despoiling
their geeds nil the incarceration of their persons, rather than
.:administer to Ole avarieioes desires of the parsoes of the Esta-
blishment. II icing apologised for his inability to treat the
subject as its importance merited, saying that he ails only
in Iticed to exert his feeble powers, from the consciousness that
it was the duty of every one to biatir himself in his respective
snhere, he concluded by secendhie the motion.
Mr. 1LIFI:E having moved a vote of thanks to the Chairman,

th..; incetiog separnied

COURT CIRCULAR.

WEDNESDAY.—The Princess Augusta visited the I)&
(>f Sussex 3 ester clay, at his residence in Kensington Paine,

A Cal)inot C:,uncil wad held at two o'clock yesterd.l
afteracon, in the Foreign 0111 c-e. It IV:13 attended b
Viscount Alelhout-it, the Marquis or Lanslowiv, Viscoun
Dine Innen, Lord John Russell, Viscount Palmerstor
Lord Gknel7, CiLineellor of the Exchequer, Sir Jo!::
1-lohhouq., Lorri Poukut Thorni,m, an.
Viscount lioNick. Toe Council sat till hall past thrc
Air. Ste.renson, the Anrirican 'Minister, and Mr. Wale:
the Belgian Cn.trge X.\ ffiirez, transactA business yeste

t o'.ll

I\lr. Stow.at I.letzrolzie (Governor of Ceylon), a:
7,.lessrs. Crane and Wdmot, front Now Di-unslvie'L,
an interview vv:,th Lord Glenelg yesterday, at the Col.

n al 0 !rit

L,A-A,lvecite of Scotland had an interview w

Vis,!o,lnt M;sitm:irne vestera3,-.

,rveth had an interview with the Chanc;Alor
the Exe'wciner yesterday, in Dawning-street. _ _ _

trquis nog Al.trehioness of Linsdoxpe and 1..1,1y
Lou'sa e:ttne to town yesterdiy, from thei:.

r 11,4;:ituon,1

ir 1 N S

t\J:111, INlAjesty continues to tali.:
ii:s earriaze drives every day, so►r.:aimes twice in the day.
and fre.:erally in tie direction of the Great Park and the

Fovvst.

Ws Majesty took an airing. this afLernoon. The Goren
is reet,vernig trans her cold. The King goes to town tc-

morrow Inermt,g.

Tor! ;',otint Roalanzotl, who is Grand Chancellor a
t I‘;.Tipire, his SeerAary, and suite, left Miv,rt'g
H etc. o 1 for 13. th.
Ear: ani Countess of Sefton had a gran
din xr par:y Tacsday eveaing, at the'r re ido.ice is Artiagton-
street.

Tlte r arl a:1:1 C:)1111..e53 of Brecknock arrived o
T.:evily in ArEn:von-itrect, from the Wiiderne3;, in /cont.

E tri and Countess of Burlington lilve arrive
in Bciarave-cinar,. Lord 1..n-esoa and the Hon Georg,
Clvendish It.e also arrived ii town.

The rent tins of the Marcriis of Bath were removed
on Tuesday from Grosvenor-street, for Wilts. The cortege eon-
aiite.l of a hearse, drawn by six horns, two mourning- coaches
a•el four, tollowvd by the private carriages attic. Duke of Bac-
clench, Dowager Countess of Cawclor,Lady Louisa Laseelles,
Lady Caro Thymic, and Lads Edward Thy nne. to Ken.
sing-ton-gate. The interment is to iake place on Friday,
the family vault at Longleat, nesr Warminster.
Despatches were received on Tuesday at the Foreigo
D.3partment from Lord Ponsoni,y, the British Ambassador a
Constantinople.

The Prince and Princess Polic,mac awl suite tool;
their d.iparture from England on Tuesday, on board one of his
Majesty's packets at Dover, for Ostend.
By accounts from Munich of the 27th ultimo, we
learn that Prince Poliguac purposes to take up his residence
in that city, where he intends purchasing some estates.
Major-General Lord Fitzroy Somerset, K. C. 8.,
as Military Secretary to General Lord Hill, Commanding-
in-Chief, saw Officers on Tuesday, at his Office Li the Horse-
Gu trds.

The Bon Sens says that the Marquis of London-
derry recently had a narrow escape from assassination at War-
saw, where he attended in the dress of an English General
Officer at a grand review which took place in commemoration
of the capture of that city by the Russians. A pistol was fired
at him, but without eff.2ct.

- ,
A paragraph having appeared in several papers,
from which it might be inferred that the late Mrs. Fitzher-
bort was abandoned by her relatives and friends during her
last moments, it is proper to state, that Mr. and the Hon. Mrs.
Darner had been residing for some time at Mrs. Fitzherbert's
previous to her decease ; and that her niece, the Hon. Mrs.
Jerning,bam, who was at Paris when the news reached her of
Mrs. Fitzherbert's alarming illness, instantly left that town,
but had the grief of learning at Dover that all was over.
The Duke of Buckingham has announced for sale
800 noble oaks which adorn Avington-park, and between 40
ald 50 of its splendid elms.
•
A READY REC KONER.--A cockney wishing to
sport his wit at the expense of a " Yorkshire yokel" accosted
him with—" If one pound of cheese cost two pounds of butter,
what will a cart load of paving stones come to ?"—" Two wag-
gon loads of cockneys," replied the yokel.
. .

Leicester is taking a most active part in tne system
of passive resistance to Church-rates. Disgusted and sickened
by the contemptible and absolutely loathsome conduct of the
Churchwardens of St. Martin's parish, and blushing for the
degradation with which the Vicar is covered by his associa-
tion with them, a great number of parishioners have recently
refused to pay a tax to support the flagrant abominations of
the Church. From 7,000 to 8,000 of persons from the town
and county assembled on Thursday last, in the Market-place.
to witness the sale of the stolen goods with which the de-
graded Churchwardens pledged themselves not to meddle.
Popular indignation was at its height; and five minutes be-
fore the time fixed for the sale, a highly respectable Church-
man of the town privitely satisfied the entire demand of
the Churchwardens from his own purse, on the express con-
dition that such proceedings should not again be adopted in
that parish against the present recusants. This circumstance
was publicly notified by the auctioneer to the assembly, of
whom, to do him justice, we must say, that he accepted the of-
fice with the greatest reluctance, and showed by his whole de-
meanour how heartily he wassehamed of it. Can Churchmen
blush? Can anything, more thoroughly complete the disgrace
of lazy mendicant pauperism under which the Church of Eng-
land lies than this fact? How truly may we adopt the language
which we once heard from one of the. most distinguished men
of the present day :—" Oh ! this infernal Church l this infer-
nal Church ! It stinks to Heaven and only pleases the nose of
the Prince of the Air !"—Leicester Mercury.
