Aartivzo—zlimburgb, 3 Gottnlyarel, 7. Dublin,
Duz—li I)ublir►, 4 Waterford.

PRICE OF_STOCKS,
Tstr PAY AT TuftLyil o'cLucx.
Consols

ssa3

THE SUN.

/OLIVA QUIS DICSRIL IFALSIII4 AUDtAT ?

L ON D 0 N.

WRIDAY, NOVfMBFit 16, iBo4.

Tat liambxrgl, Mails which arrived yesterday,
brought the important intelligence of the departure
of the French Ambassador, Gun. BRUNS, from Con.
At antinople. All the efforts and intrigues of the French,
Piave been insufficient to prevail upon the GRAND
StigNIOR, to acknowledge BONAPARTR Emperor of
i:cance. That the pride of the Corsican must be
deeply hurt by this refusal, there can be no doubt; but
it Mtn alto be a subjeel of uneasiness to him in ano.
thee point of view : it must convince him of the
preponderance of the Russian influence in the Coun.
cils of the Porte ; and as the passage of the Darda.
nelles will now of ccurse be open to the Rus.
sians, the alarm which he has always felt for
the security of Italy must be considerably in-
creased.
We think it by no means improbable
that the French will immediately take possession
of the Continental Dominions of . the KING Of
NAPLCS, fur the purpose of proteaing them against
the attacks of the English arid Russians.
Some of the Foteign Papers under the influence of
France have industriously circulated reports that the
English have taken possession of the Fortresses of
Naples, Messiga, &c. and we have no doubt but
that the Invasion of Naples by the French will be
represented as a proof of the kindness of BONAPAkTiI
to His Neapolitan Majesty,. by saving him the
trouble of defending his Dominions, or-of collect.

ing his Revenues.
It is to be ardently hoped that the refusal of the
GRAND SE IGNIOa to acknowledge the Corsican
Usurper as Emperor cif France may be considered
as the signal of a determi nation, among the se.
veral States who have been injured and insulted
by that Usurper, to set bounds to his arrogance (Ind
ambition, Vont to assist the French in overthrowing
the authority of such a detestable Tyrant. There
never can be a better time for making such an attempt.
The. People of France are held in the most oppressive
bondage ; and, to add to their mortification and
misery, they see the trappings of usurpation pre.
paring with the most extravagant magnificence,
and none but apostates, ruffians, and regicides,
set over them, in order to confirm their abjeet
slavery. They see, too, that the other Powers of
Europe arc irritated by the unbounded insolence
and injustice of their Tyrant ; that nothing but
the meanest pusillanimity of many of those Powers
have prevented France from being involved in
a general War ; and that, if other States should
at last be roused to a sense of their own dig.
pity, and a convktion of what is due to insulted
Europeo Frenchmen may be forced into the field
to support the usurpation of a Foreigner who has
proves! himself to be one of the most flagitious Of
mankind, The world is at length sick of the pride
and atrocity 41116 mass ; and Frenchmen in par ti.
Cular, we conceive, amidst all the homage which
they a►re obliged to pay to him, must siglt for the
return of , their rightful Manarch, an evert that
would at least relieve them from a wretched de.
ptasienca on the will of an Usurper, who is the
scourge end detestation of all surrounding States.

Tr as Cortenbarti aids arrived this morning.
They only bring this following Letter, which gives
an account of a dreadful calamity having Imppenca
t Pottenborgh :
GOTTSti4tl4ofci Nov. 2.—Yesterdity morning,
about auto o'clock, a dreadful Fire brokls ,out here,
which continued to horn with unrimitting fury till
ten otelock, during which time, the houses being
chiefly of wood, it consumed the whole S.W. part of
the Cityi the large Barrarks which were htlilt with
!wick anti cost 40,0001. two Royal Ma:
gnaincs with grain, the Post.ofi,e, the episcopal
(louse, the Free.moons' Charity School, 'together
with between 2 and 30Q private !looses were entirely,
riestroyed. The distress of the sufFerers,,particu-
larly of the poor, at this inclement seasonl is very
great j but eyery =act} 4i,e taken to alleviate
The rich and patriotic, Merchant, Mr. Jinx
fint4,, has, with a humane zeal whith always
oisti„pioes will, opened his spacious house and
premises for as nymy as it will contain, and
has given uis his private Theatre to the .use of
the free.masonst Charity Children. Several °theta
have followed his example, It is ascertained that
the Fire has dislodged mote than 7000 people, and
has sadly deformed one of the handsomest Cities in
the North of Europe.
