COURT OF COMMON COUNCIL.

Yesterday an adjourned Couit was held for the
despatch of such business as had not been completed
on the preceding day.
Almost the entire day being taken up in discus-
sing some regulations relating to the library, and
other private matters,
Mr. SAVAGE rose to bring forward a motion to
this efft ct :—" That the order of the Calm of the
15th March last, for closing Farringdon-market from
twelve o'clock on Saturday evening to the same
hour on Sunday night, be rescinded, and that the
market be kept open on Sunday morning until a
quarter before eleven o'clock."
Mr. DEATH supported the motion.
Mr. HARMER followed on the same side.

Mr. SLADE deprecated the false show of religion
that was creeping fast through this country. In Ca-
tholic Fiance, where the Sabbath was not so rigidly
observed, there was not one half the amount of capital
crime tls here.

Mr. THORNHILL opposed the motion. lie did
not think it would redound much to the credit of
the Corporation of London to encourage the pro-
fanation of the Lord's day. He could not consider
it a restriction of liberty that Sunday should be de-
voted to religion and rest ; if it were not so devoted
the poor would be consigned to hopeless unrespited
slavery. Mr. Savage perhaps would wish the
people—
" To be as free as Nature first made man,
" Ere the vile laws of servitude began,
" When wild in woods the noble Savage ran."
(Great cheers and laughter.)
Mr. RICHARD TAYLOR was glad to hear the argu-
ments and eloquence of the last speaker, because he,
on the last occasion on which this subject was
brought forward, heard him give all the weight of
his talents to the other side. In Protestant and
Catholic states on the continent,where this pharisaical
rigour was not enforced, there was a much smaller
amount of crime than in England. He was opposed
-16=ifirs species of Judaism, as unworthy of an en-
lightened age, and pregnant with evil. The Bishop
of Exeter, the other night in his place in Parliament,
took it on himself, while opposing the King's Mi-
nisters and the wishes of the people from whom he
derived his vast revenues, to lecture the Archbishop
of Dublin on his want of true Protestantism.

The LORD MAYOR rose to order. The speaker
was travelling into foreign matter.
Mr. TAYLOR said that his object was to show
that a man may make a great parade of religion,
and practice little of itr doctrines; for he had heard
it stated that that very Bishop spent the following
Sunday night in a club-house.---(Hear, hear.) He
supported the motion.
After a long and stormy debate the motion was
lost by a large majority.
The -Court then broke up at six o'clock.

M. CASSIMIR PERIER.

( From the Morning Chronicle.)

M. Casimir Perier is seriously ill. his health
has been gradually declining. Ile who was once so
athletic and vigorous, has now become weak and
emaciated, and his fine manly limbs are shrunk up
by disease and decay. The attack under which he
now immediately suffers has been declared to be one
of cholera morbus, but of this there are some doubts.
Some three years since he was a sufferer from a
similar disorder. M. Perier is prematurely old—worn
our, and exists only by false excitetrent and artificial
means. The violence of his passions destroys his men-
tal repose—his body, which is feeble, sympathizes
with his mind—his liver is diseased—he is frequently
subject to diarrhoea—and the irritability of his tem-
per interferes with his sleep, and the ordinary re-
freshments of nature. The illness of M. Perier at
the present moment is by no means surprising to his
friends or his family. He has held up a long while
—he has postponed, with great care and attention,
all that could disturb his health; but at length fa-
tigue, anxiety, the knowledge that all the friends of
his youth and maturer years reproach him, and sepa-
rate themselves from him ; and above all, the con-
sciousness that his political system must expire with
him, for there is no one to take it up, and the nation is
opposed to it; all these circumstances have pressed
him down; and as his stomach is his feeblest organ,the
malady has there attacked him. M. Perier cannot
for some time, even should his recovery be rapid,
hope to resume the duties of President of the
Council. The illness of M. Perier has greatly
annoyed and rendered sad
,arid anxious Louis-Philippe
atid all his family. When first the King was ap-
prised of the danger of M. Perier, he struck his
forehead, and exclaimed, " Ah, mon Diett ! it ne
nous manquerait plus que eels." He has been since
then continually agitated—affected even to tears—
and has kept himself solitary, and refused all visits
and pleasures. Poor Louis-Philippe ! a good honest
bourgeois, who loved his money and his family, ease
and prosperity—and who undertook to govern
France as a shopkeeper governs his apprentices
and his establishment ! Money, peace, ease arid com-
mercial prosperity—these are the idols of the citizen
King. M. Perier has the same sentiments—the
passions—the same desires; and Louis-Philippe, found
in him riot only a faithful Minister, but a friend
having the same views and wishes. It has been a
deplorable alliance for France—for Poland—for Bel-
gium—for Italy—for Spain—and for Germany ! But
Louis-Philippe would feel himself alone in the world
if he were deprived of M. Perier--for they have
the same object constantly in view—to raise the
Funds, and to purchase peace.—O. P. Q.

The Earl of iVlulgrave's new book to be
called " The Contrast" will, we understand, be before the
public in a few days. From what has transpired of the nature
of the story, it might be supposed to be founded on that re-
markable fact in the annals of the house of Exeter, connected
with the marriage of the late Marquess to the daughter of a
person in humble life, who did not know, till after the wedding,
to what a dignity she had been elevated. The circumstances
attendant on the alliance of the hero of Lord Mulgrave's tale
differ, however, essentially from those which marked the life
of the late excellent Marchioness of Exeter. .

The Moniteur contains a Royal ordinance, which
publishes the law adopted by the Chambers for the
exclusion from the soil of France of Charles X., h s
descendants, and the wives of his descendants. I
also contains another of yesterday's date, signed by
Marshal Soult, by which Count Bourrnont, as no!
having taken the oaths required by the charter, was
declared to have resigned the grades he held of
Marshal, &c.
The Journal des Debats says, that the statement
published by several French and foreign journals of
the approaching collision between Belgium and
Holland, by the Dutch Monarch's commencing the
attack are without foundation. It sates, in continu-
ation, thus—" We know not what are the other pre-
jects of the King of Holland, but certainly lie doe.
not wish to attack Belgium. Never was peace wore
probable—we may even say more certain."
In the Chamber of Deputies yesterday, the re-
tort of the commission appointed to examine the du-
. .1 falcation of Kesner was brought up. This report

vhich is of great lem2th, entered into a detailed
,istoty of M Kesner's life, dwelling particularly on
the well-earned repu.ation which he had enjoyed up
the moment of his disappearance. It then re-
lated, equally in detail, all the circumstances of his
light and attempted suicide, and proceeded to state
the amount of property recovered to be 1,730,0001
leaving a deficiency due to Government of about
t,500,000r. His private
,deht;,',(sevetal of which
are to different members of his family) athoiint to
upwards of 3,000,000 f., and are of course wholly
improvided for. The report censured in strong terms
the blind system of cotifi knee by which a cashier
could be enabled to pursue without detection so ex-
tensive a system of peculation, and recommended
that means should be immediately taken to prevent
the recurrence of a similar event ; at the same time
it stated, that the blame must attach wholly to the
Villele Administration, by which M. Kesner was
appointed without suffitient guarantees, since Baron
otii,
the present Minister of Finance, only adopted
the confidence in M. Reiner bequeathed to hitt br
his predecessors. When the evil was discovered,
every possible means were taken to remedy
it, and secure the person and property of the
defaulter, and it was impossible for an instant to re-
fuse to recognize the perfect good faith and purity of
intention of the Minister of Finances.
The Chamber afterwards proceeded to vote the
ways and means prior to the prorogation.
In the Chamber of Peers the Duke de Noailles,
in bringing up the report of a petition of General
Lambot, lately aide-de-camp to the Duke de Bour-
bon, praying for an inquiry before the Chamber into
the circumstances a'tendmg the death of the Duke
de Bourbon, entered into a full history of the pro-
ceedings, and concluded by stating, that although he
was bound to propose the older of the day on the
petition, because it would be inconsistent with the
rules of the Chamber to take up an inquiry not
commenced by it in the first instance, but already
disposed of elsewhere, he must, in the mune of 'the
Committee, render homage to the virtues of the
last of the Conches, and rope', with all his energy,
the idea of suicide, which was an insult to the me-
mory of the Duke.

The Keeper of the Seals referred to an observa-
tion made by the Noble Duke in the course of the
proceedings, which implied that M. de Huproie,
Corteiller de la Cour Royale, who had reported to
the Court on the case, had been removed, in order
to prevent his supporting the conclusions of that
report at the trial, and stated that in fact M. de la
Huproie had himself solicited permission to retire,
with the usual pension, after 33 years' service.
The Chamber passed to the order of the day on
the petition.
The Gazette of Augsburg, of the 7th instant, states
that the Pope has consented to allow the French
troops to occupy Ancona for some time longer, but
their number is to be diminished. The Italians have
begun to use the stiletto there. A PaFal officer has
been assassinated there.

Dun Manuel de Camara, Chamberlain to Donna
Maria, has arrived from Terceira with despatches,
which are said to be of an old date.
The Prus•ian Government has established a qua-
rantine of five days for persons going from Paris into
the It:ettatte provinces.
The news from Madrid states that the troops
that lately left that capital, and at first halted some
leagues from it, have continued their march towards
the Portuguese frontiers. They consist of seven
battalions of infantry, a regiment of cuirassiers, and
thirteen pieces of cannon.
Don Tadeo Calomarde, the favourite Minister of
Ferdinand, well known for his support of absolute
principles, has received throe titles. The Queen of
Naples has procured for him from her son the title
of Duke of Elizabeth, as he has been the great
means of having two of her daughters married into
the Royal Spatti,ll family. am Miguel has given
him the title of Marquess d'Almeida, and Ferdinand
has added the title of Conde de Tarascon. Calomarde
has his will made, by which he leaves all his
.fortune
to the King, Ferdinand, if he survive him, or to his
succe,sors.
The French" funds Nitre been stationary to-day.
FRENCII Ft:NOS.-PARIS, APRIL li.-Five per Cents. 96f 30c.
35c. 50c. 40c. 45c. 30c. 25c. 20c. 25c. 96f. 20c. 25c. 30c. 40c.. 35c.
40c. 50c. ' • Four per Cents. 82f. ; Three per Cents. Mt 70c. 65c.
60c. 55c. 50c. 45c. 40c. 20c. 35c. 69f. 40c. 45c. 50c. 55c. 50c. 55c.
60c. -6.5 c. ' • Bank Actions, 1,6501: I,ksf. I )650f. ; Rente de Naples,
701. 70c. 80f. BIT. 20c.; Roman 5 per Cents., 79; Royal Spanish
Loan, 794; Rente Perpetuelle d'Espagne, 56Y2 5656% ;
Haytian Loan, 2151. Exchange on London, one month, paper,
251.65 c. ; money, 25f. 65c. ; three months, paper, 25f. 50c. ; money,
25f. 50c.-Ours Authentique.

As John Rogers, quarryman, and another
person, who were at work at St. Vincent's rocks, near Bristol,
were preparing to blast a rock, they heard the rock crack, and
apprehending danger, Rogers gave the ramming bar to the
other man, and told him to get out of the way ; but, betore he
could himself move off, the rock, upwards of forty tons, fell
and crushed him to death.—Bath Gazette. •

A letter from Strasburg!) states that an epi- •
demic disease of the eyes, called the hemerapolie, has become
prevalent at Belfort (Haut Rhin). It has this peculiar cha-
racter, that those who are affected by it lose their sight from
the setting to the rising of the sun. Some symptoms of this
singular complaint have been felt at Strasburg, but have hi-
therto yielded to the treatment adopted.
The Treasurer of the County of Hants has
resigned his office, on account of the remuneration being al-
together inadequate to the trouble and responsibility attached to
k.—Morning Herald.

By a recent decision of the Committee of
Privileges in the House of Lords, the Earl of Shrewsbury has
been confirmed in all his Irish honours, and is now, as Earl of
Waterford, Premier Earl of Ireland, and also hereditary Lord
High Steward of that kingdom. Whenever the Sovereign
visits the Irish portion of his dominions, Lord Shrewsbury will
now be entitled to discharge in the household of the King the
same high functions in Ireland which the hereditary Lord High
Steward of England performs on occasions of ceremony.--.
Derby Mercury.
LORD MULGRAVE AND MR. LISTER.--"
We are requested to state that the Court Journal of Saturday
will contain, in addition to its usual variety of original matter
connected with fashion and high life, copious extracts from the
new novels, at present unpublished, of the above named dis-
tinguished writers.

The Rev. Mr. Campbell, the head of the Row
heresy, has been holding forth this week in Greenock at the
Methodist Chapel. One of the gifted sisters attended his field
meeting on Sunday night, and addressed the brethren, several
of whom departed the instant she commenced.
THE WOOL TRADE.—The attention of the
manufacturers and others interested in the wool trade was
drawn yesterday and on Wednesday to sales of Van Diemen's
Land, New South Wales, German, Odessa, and other wools.
There was a pretty full attendance at the sales, and the bid-
dings were brisk. In all, above 300 bales were declared for
sale. Yesterday afternoon Van Diemen's Land and Australia',
wools went off from Is. 3d. to Is. &I. per lb. Some Odessa
wools fetched from Is. 6d. to Is. Sd. per Ib:, and the German
wools from 10d. to Is. 4!h d. per lb. A few bales of good Nevi
South Wales wools obtained Is. 94d. per lb. The result of
those sales is that New South \Vales maintain their value,
while other sorts are a shade lower. Further sales are about
to take place. The arrivals of wools from Van Diemen's Lana
and New South Wales during the present year are expected to
be very great.

Ir
TALES OF THE EARLY AGES.—The
Wor
just published under this title, furnishes fresh testimony to the
genius and research of Mr. Horace Smith, the popular Author
of Brambletye House. It may be read with advantage by the,
religious and reflective, for the spirited illustrations it gives of
the struggles and advances of Christianity; by the lover of
history, for the animated portraitures it exhibits of those whose
characters he has delighted to contemplate in graver page°
and, by the general reader, for its romantic episodes, and the
rich variety of scenes and subjects it places before him. i‘
large share of popularity may be anticipated for a production
which addresses its attractions to so many tastes.
ASSIZE MEMORANDA.—LITERARY CHA‘
RACTER.— At the assizes at Wisbeach, last week, during the
trial of the worse than' brutal affair at Tid St. Giles, a witness
(Samuel Eglington) being called upon to speak to the precise
day, said he knew it, because he afterwards looked over Moore,
Alinanack,—for nothing, however, particular, and lie could not
tell why.--The Judge, appearing to doubt his capacity to reads
ordered an Almanack to be placed in his hand, and directed
him to read its title. It was not, he said, like his own holt'
ever, upon examination, he deliberately, and with due ea.
phases pronounced it to be " The, Englishman's Altna'
nack." " Quite correct," said his Lordship; " now read me
any passage from the inside that may meet your eye..,—The
witness turned over the leaves, aud: at length read clearly and
slowly from the remarks upon the weather,--` A. great ,d,ea,
.;
of snow in Jan-u.a.ry pro-mi.ses a fer-tile year. A great Oe'''
of rain ----" That will do very well," quoth the Judgel
(Laughter.) " Now, Sir," said Mr. Flanagan, the Coflose
for the prisoners, "you may go down, after such an Ordeal Your
character for literature is established for ever I" Another
.
witness in the same cause (Thomas Button) knew that the
fence took place on the 12th of February, because he went to
church on't,iat morning. [The day of tfie month was e'll
nounced, of course, by the clergyman. in giving cut the
psal°.
NcuLs. •

I .
I israsr------am
India Stock Cent. Rot. eassms-
p..,,,k ESIC OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Stock
195; 34 ';ew 5 per Cent.
3 per
9.01 3 forbid Poland, even to dream that she was once 1 BOW-STREET.—(THIS DAY.)
ES
___..........--
This day seven smugglers were charged with being
3 per Cent.
Cent Cons. ..- ...... ..83•X 4 Ditto Bonds
9li per
93 concerned in the murder of two of the preventive service-
-1 Dkito Rol 00%ti Old Annuities — now forbids France to budge an inch in the men, named Wicks, and Watts, at Haatings, on the night
kNew Nine,' Cent 9134 lA% New Ditto ...... ......- ing concerned in
3 per Cent. Ann. 1726 .... 3 per Cent. Ann. 1751 .... -- Calllie Of justice—of common sense—of hu-
t fatal affray while running contraband goods at Westfort,
4 per Cent. IIAI 90N% Ex. Bills, £l,OOO l2 13 err.
Bank Long Ann to expire Ditto 500...... 12 13 pi, inanity ! Out upon such sickening cant !Itis in Sussex, on the Ist of February last. The prisoners
Jan. 5. IS6' ' 16 7-16 hi—% Ditto Small ,,;.....,.. 13;,m. bad been apprehended by Stevens, a principal officer (11:
Oct. 10, ;,•1:,!t)
In. 5, :350 ' w-street, in different parts of Sussex.
Jan. 5, IPrso — Bank for Account pm. humanity itself. For further particulars respect-
- Mr. Langham, the Solicitor, attended on behalf of
April 5, 1880 — India for Account.
Jan. 5. 1870 — Cons. for May2.l ...... ..S3%—l-c
ing the late difference (now it seems adjusted) so-me of the prisoners, and Mr. Isaacs for one of them
named Coke.
PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK. between the French and Russian Cabinets, we
Mr. Thackar l • attended from the office of the Solicitor of
Austrian Bonds — Peruvian Bonds IN refer our readers to the article from the Allge- the Customs, for the prosecution.
Belgian Bonds Ditto Account —
Ditto Scrip
Ditto Account par 1 dis. Ditto Account t,
, bar without the least indication of concern as to their
Brazilian Bonds 43N% Regency Scrip FgOsi THE BUssIAN FitoNTTEfts, MARCH 24.—za
Ditto Account Ditto Account ...[O!iN dis. change in the movements of the Russian army, was, fora situations.
Buenos Ayres Bonds 22 1 Prussian Bonds 99. . Mr. Langan asked what evidence there was against his
Ditto Account — Ditto Account • moment, resolved upon, but it was given up. The troops
bent, and requested it might be read.
Chilian Bonds l6 Ditto Bonds, 1822 .. which had received orders to halt, are again proceeding
Ditto Account — Russian Winds, 1822 Mr. Thacker y said the evidence affected others not in
Columbian Bonds 91 Ditto Account 97% on their march to the interior provinces. It is said that
u
cstody, and its publicity in the present state of the pro-
Ditto Arcbunt -• • • ,- New Loan 0214 the news of the forcible occupation of Ancona, at first Dltti•i Bonds, 1924 ll7 Ditto Account — caused an opinion to be entertained at St. Petersburgh, ceedings would defeat the ends of justice.
Danish Bonds 66 Spanish Bonds, 1921 After some conversation the clerk was allowed to read
Ditto Account — Ditto Account 13% that it was necessary to have a greater number of troops
the charges against the prisoners, and they were removed
Greek Bonds 2314 Ditto Bonds, 1623
Ditto Bonds, 1825
....e
—c: might the sooner reach the Rhine ; but as it was found
Ditto Account 29 Exchange t
Mexican Bonds, 5 per cent. —— 3 per cent.' —f —c. the affair might be settled by diplomatic arrangement, it
Ditto Account Exchange...... —f —c. was resolved to abide by the first intention of spreading CHOLERA MORBUS, OFFICIAL REPORT.
Ditto, 6 per cent — Dutch Scrip 43!5!.4
Ditto Account 3l 30y4N Ditto Account 4334 the troops snore widely, as it would be much more ..______.„o,..._____
CENTRAL BOARD OF HEALTH.
Neapolitan —(French Scrip easy to provide for their subsistence. It is affirmed
COUNCIL OFFICE, WHITEHALL.—(THIS DAY.)
that great indignation is felt at St. Petersburgh, at DAILY REPORT of CHOLERA CASES.
CONTRACTS FOR DUCK CLOTH, BLANKETS, the conduct of the French towards the Papal See, and ____
'''' . ,•• ---.
FLANNEL WAISTCOATS, &c. that at first war was thought to be inevitable. It is also e,sot, ,z,
1 .2' •`,l E ;',
VICTUALLING OFFICE, APRIL 13, 1832. staid that Count Pozzo di Borgo was instructed not only to -9. ''," E
~s 0❑ o o
Places and Dates. sii V, r..) . ;''. .74 '-''•-' .E.• L.) E
THE Commissioners for Victualling his express, without reserve, the displeasure of the Emperor, '-g.; li E l=mgl
Majesty's Navy, &c., do hereby give notice, that:on at a proceeding so contrary to the law of nations, but also to mo ,es;,4 c-• tz•• E..,,!.-
,o,z
.--4 "
TUESDAY, the Ist of lay next, they will be ready to re- call the attention of the French Cabinet to the come- ____ _
____ I_____:
eeive Tenders in writing (sealed up), and treat far the quences that might ensue if the satisfaction required by the Richmansworth,April 12. 0 13 2 0 11 i 13 1 2
Ely, Cambr. April 10 33 '2 1 4 30 115 41
supply of the following Articles, to be delivered into the Pope were not given him. It seem., however, that
Portobello, April 10.-
V ctualling Stores at Deptford, viz. despatches have since been received from Paris and Duddingstone, Aprillo 1 0 1 0 0 12 4
Article. Quantity. Period of delivery. Vienna, which place the matter in a less offen- Ed‘',,,inburgh,eAit-ri, I
I; ',e 'l 10 Itti 3 1 10
96'17 V'
One-half of each sive light, and it is believed that no serious mis- Water ofL ' pri -15 DUCK CLOTH 300,0'0 Yardsi article by the 15th i . . . Greenock, April 10 1 662 13 107 56
FLANNEL WAISTCOATS 10,000 No. of August next, un erstanding will take place. The energetic largusge Paisley, April 10 ll 1 2 1 9 345 193
FLANNEL DRAWERS 5,000 Pair and the remain- of the Russian Ambassador must have convinced the Busby,l,o April 10 . 4 1 0 0 5 15 8
BLANKETS lO,OOO No. der by the 15th Cabinet at Paris, that th tt of St. Petersburgh will it kshaws, April 9
Larrert, April 10 4 4 2 0 6 25 14
12 3 3 2 10 49 20
CAPS for BOATS' CREWS... 1,500 No. September fol-
lowing. energetically support the just demands of the Pope, and Bothkenner, April 10 0 4 0 0 4 12 5
HESSEN '. may depend on being seconded by the other Continental Falkirk, April 10 40'20'2 I 46 24
BUTTONS 2,0n0 Yards the 15th of Au- Calder Iron Works, Ap9 7 3 2 5 3 52 15
THREAD 31,,,,,,,5430 i(bisr.oss By
next. Powers. The French Cabinet cou'd not but be convinced, Perth, April 10.
that it would give occasion to a most powerful coalition
'Tenders will not be received for a less quantity than Total ll5 1501 31 17 1171 1051 530
50,000 yards of Duck Cloth. against itself, if it did not act in this matter according Total from places where the disease has ceased'
Samples of each of the above-mentioned articles and .to justice. Hitherto the apprehension of a war has really and from which no return have been this day!!
the Conditions of the Contracts may be seen at thiskeptFrance w,
ithin the bounds of moderation ;it is there- received 6737 12127
Office.
fore highly desirable for France, torn by parties at home,
and threatened from abroad ; and it is likewise to be ex- Grand Total
.____—.oll.—_
and be delivered before One o'clock on the day appointed; 7788 2657
Each Tender must specify the price in words at length,
pected that the moderation hitherto shown by its Ministry LONDON.—APRIL 12, FIVE P. 151.1
11 be continued, and that the rash proceeding at Ancona
and the Person who makes the Tender, or some Person w' • , ,• ~,
will be suitably repaired.—Allgemeine Zeitung, April 6. •• e.B g -:-.:4.a;
on hie behalf, must attend to answer when called for. co 8 4, i...' ~,E. li g V., Fs s•
FRANKFORT, APRIL s.—Their Royal Highnesses the c. „
M. WALLER CLIFTON. Districts. 'E ci c.., . ...' .ii-3 7..) :..) ic..., c.)
Crown Prince and Princess of Prussia arrived on the 30th ..•., '-:, E 3 7.IE',AE
•. -
of March at Dresden, and have appartments in the Royal :S1 7: z 4 r. - 4 4 .2. 4.9.. c'
,L,.; 2. g
ir
....,......, ~, ~,,, .....„.
palace.
k--"";•:-:-/':V !----:•'ss, iai-,cE. -t!'i' '1417. an. at Dresden. i 4, :-. 4,,,,
.. .0 J.'.
x---
LOND 0 N , adsenb.y mistake that Countess Plater was said to be City
She died on the estate of Mr. A--, in
Poland, on the 15th of February, this year.
The Spires Gazette of April 2, states that the Afloat
ll}
oouns
e the River
Bromley
Poplar
Prussian postmaster at Kreutznasch, has given notice to 4-30eu7g,ovnadrce,
3 1 0 I 3 27 1 13
17 I 0 1 17 110 I 46
3 0 0 0 3 36 23
1 0 0 I 0 4 3
0 0 0 0 2 24 12
ilB 3 1 2 18 199 89
16 1 1 I 3 13 846 410
FRIDAY EVENING, APRIL 13, 1832. the Bavarian post-office at Spires, that the New Gazette Newington Butts . ...... - Camberwell
• - 4 1 1 1 0 4 1 158 1 116
The debate on the Reform Bill comes on ant, Rosenski, one of the eighteen ensigns, who on the Christchurch
29th of November, 1822, forced their way into the palace Westminster... 3 0 I 0 0 3 67 37
..,.;Stt.. George's, Hanover-sq. 1 0 0 0 1, 16 10
again this evening in the House of Lords. of the Belvidere, blest/ out his brains at Ulm, on the 24th
3020 1 9 1 6
There is little doubt that the second reading will of March. He was nineteen years of age.—Frankfort Chelsea
1 0 o I 0 1 I 32 123
Journal, April 6. Paddington Canal. .....
be carried : this seems to be the general impres- St. Pancras 2 1 I 0 2 I 19 I 15
--------- -- -- - Marvlebone
St. Giles's
ston ; but opinions differ materially respecting VICE-CHANCERY COURT.—(THIS DAY.) 7 4 0 0 11 94 51
Whitechapel lO 0 2 1 7 I 85 53
the number of votes by which it will be carried. ________._. St. George's East 5 2 0 0 7 55 29
This being the First Seal previous to Easter Term, St. Botolph Aldgate
The more sanguine among the Reformers anti-
his Honour the Vice-Chancellor sat at Lincoln's Inn, Brentfordßethnal tireen
711 12 42
1"1 0 (1) I gI 12
II '''/ 1"
.
eipate a majority of from fifteen to twenty ; the and took motions to-day. The Court was occupied the Coldbath-fields BOl 0 1
..,
more observant and experienced think that it greater part of the morning with the case of " Houghton Deptford
will not exceed four or five. Truth, probably, tvhe
.Fielding," in which the Solicitor-General, on behalf of Total 139 19 10 II 1130 11 44 li_
221161
defendant, moved the Court for the dissolution of an Cases from places before reported l3B ' 100
1" this, as in most other cases, lies in injunction granted by his Honour, retraining the de-
th. ...._ . . . s•-• ••• fsedartt fee,••• 5...0.c...- -....-:. . ......6 ...e •t,.. • TN., Grand Total 2392 1261

Th© debate on the Reform Bill comes on
again this evening in the House of Lords.
There is little doubt that the second reading will
be carried : this seems to be the general impres-
sion ; but opinions differ materially respecting
the number of votes by which it will be carried.
The more sanguine among the Reformers anti-
cipate a majority of from fifteen to twenty ; the
more observant and experienced think that it
will not exceed four or five. Truth, probably,
1" this, as in most other cases, lies in
the mean between the two calculations. Public
anxiety meantime is more actively awake than
ever. Nothing is thought of, nothing talked of,
but the approaching momentous division. The
Ultras, from all we can learn, are in the lowest
state of prostration—in a collapse of moral
cholera—and the Nlinisteriat party is more con-
fident than ever. It is not expected that the
division will take place till six or seven o'clock
to-morrow morning.

It is:currently reported in the political circles,
that the Charles-street Club have been eery much
dissatisfied with the conduct of the Duke of
WELLINGTON on Wednesday night, in ad-
mitting indirectly to Earl GREY the probability
of the Reform Bill going into Committee. The
more bigoted among the Ultras think that such
an admission is a sort of betrayal of their cause,
and have even gone the length, it is added, of
Passing a vote of censure on his Grace.

The Paris Express is full of statements
respecting the progress of the cholera in that
capital. By these statements it would seem
that the epidemic, though its features still con-
tinue to be of a most alarming character, has
diminished in intensity within the last few days.
It is hoped, therefore, that the worst is over. The
latest official bulletin respecting the health of the
President of the Council, announces that he
" continuesto grow better and better." The death
of M. CASIMIR PERIER at this moment would
have an immediate and startling effect on
European policy, the result of which no one
could foresee. He is the heart and head, the
very sun and centre of the juste milieu system,
which, without him, could not exist in France
another month. It was originated by him—
fostered by him—matured by him—and will in-
evitably expire with him. His dissolution would
be the triumph of the movement party, who have
pledged themselves, over and over again to the
regeneration of Italy and Poland—a consumma-
tion devoutly to be wished, but which yet can-
not be achieved, without lighting up the flames
of war throughout the continent.

This being the First Seal previous to Easter Term,
his Honour the Vice-Chancellor sat at Lincoln's Inn,
and took motions to-day.
,The Court was occupied the
greater part of the morning with the case of " Houghton
v. Fielding," in which the Solicitor-General, on behalf of
the defendant, moved the Court for the dissolution of an
injunction granted by his Honour, retraining the de-
fendant from building a weir across part of the river Dar-
went. The case, however, possessed no point of any
interest except to the parties.
A notice was put up in his Honour's Court, stating that
the Lord Chancellor would not sit before Term.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-( THIS DAY.)

FROM LLOYD'S

DEAL, APRIL 12.—Wind N.E.—Arrived and remain
the Childe Harolde, Leach, from Singapore; the Nereid,
Rowe, from Bengal.
PLYMOUTH, APRIL 11.-Wind E.N.E.—Arrived off
port, the Rapid, from Messina, and the Juno, Swellman,
from St. Übe's.

FALMOUTH, APRIL H.—Sailed his Majesty's ship
Recruit, for Halifax and Bermuda, with mails.

CORK, APRIL 11.—Arrived:1the African steam pac-
ket, from the Mediterranean and Falmouth.

MARGATE, APRIL 12.—The John Stewart, Reming-
ton, from Demerara, got on shore on Margate Sande
yesterday afternoon, and beat off her rudder. She was
assisted off with the loss of her anchor and chain, windlass
disabled and leaky ; and this morning, after slipping an-
other anchor and chain, proceeded to the river in tow
of a steam-boat, accompanied with a smack and logger.
RIGA, MAacit 12.—The Maria Alexandrina, Sever,
from hence to Stettin, was totally lost at Domenese, ith
inst.

POOLE, APRIL 11.—Arrived the Emeline, Tucker,
from Oporto.

BRISTOL, Aram 12.—Arrived the Maria, Candy, from
Demerara.

HOLYHEAD, APRIL 11.—Arrived the Ch!veland, -
from Oporto.
LIVERPOOL, APRIL 11.—Arrived the Nelson Village,
Kean, from New Orleans; Fame, Chace, from Savannah;
Charles, Hart, from Marseilles; St. Jean, Perrard, from
Cherente. Off port, the Sarah, Smitb, from Mobile;
Nahant, Patkec, from Wilmington, and Olive, Bishop,
from Sierra Leone.

(Signed)

GREENOCK, APRIL 10.—Arrived the Isabella, APKel-
lar, from Trinidad.

SHIELDS, APRIL 11.—Arrived the Cyrus, Ridley,
from Archangel and Norway.

:ACL]

WEAN, Secretary.

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, T IVELVE 0' CLOCK
We have no arrivals this morning, with the exception of
the estafette from Paris, and the French mail By the
former the French Funds come rather higher, 69f. 6:3c.
Great hopes are entertained of the speedy recovery of M.
Perier.

The cholera seems to have rather abated at Paris. The
official bulletin of Monday names 96,3 attacks--died 356 ;-
total from the commencement of the disease, from the 26th
ult. to the 10th inst.—attacks 5,908, dead 2,235. This
number only relates to those within the walls of Paris, but
we are afraid the ravages by this disease will be great in
the interior of the country, and will also communicate to
the neighbouring States. At Brussels they are already
preparing hospitals, fearing its visitation.
By the French mail this morning we have received ac-
counts from Brussels, stating that the Dutch have with-
drawn their troops from the left side of the Scheldt, and
indeed we have every reason to imagine that the Dutch
and Belgians may be compared to the dog who was
frightened with his own shadow, and we are still of a firm
opinion that no hostilities will take place.
By the accounts from Hamburg we are informed that
the Emperor Nicholas, previous to his new organization of
Poland, advised the different great Powers of his inten-
tions, and to which they gave their consent.
Accounts from Constantinople state that a report was
current there of the restitution by France of Algiers to the
Porte, and it was assured that negotiations were going on
on that subject. The grand Ottoman fleet had not left
the port.

The information from Italy says that a strong Austrian
column was passing through Tuscany, and proceeding to
cover Civita Veccia.

The Britannia, hound to America, was towed back with
loss of mainmast.
The Hawk, Alf Entire, of Belfast, was lost on the coast
of Wexford, on the Bth inst., and the master drowned.

According to the Allge?neine Zeitung, the
Emperor of all the Russias has condescended
to be in a terrible passion with the French, for
their conduct towards the Papal See, which he
declared, through his Ambassador, Count Pozzo
DI BORGO, " was contrary to the law of nations.''
Of all laws, we know of none so puzzling—so
indefinite—so wholly and hopelessly myste-
rious as this. The "Enigma of the Sphynx is a
joke to it. The " law of nations," as it is ab-
surdly called, allows a Russian despot, it seems,
to enslave Poland, even to blot it out from the
map of nations, but forbids the French to stir
one step
ence of Ital.
to advance the partial independ-
over the weayk It permits the strong to tyrannise
, might to trample upon right, but
will not 4110 w right to make any effort in return,
except with its hands and arms bound, and its
mouth gagged. We have no patience with this
catb
cases outout the " law of nations." In nine
the
cases it has but one reading—one
meaning
—_,„e
clear, explicit, interpretation—
namely, that despots,
whether
to t Russian„,kus-
rian, Spanish, or Portuguese, have a right do " what
they will with their own,"
and chtim as their legitimate right, the high at-
tributes of omnipotence, omnipresence, and om-
niscience- The law of nations has enslaved
Italy—the law of nations has bound Spain and I

~~
