REDUCTION

TAMP DUT

OPINIONS OF THE COUNTRY PRESS.

The opinions of the provincial Press relative to the re.;
duction of the Newspaper Stamp Duty may be gathered
from the following brief extracts from the columns of
some of its members. It will be seen that the Tory
papers, faithful to their vocation, are all opposed to that
diffusion of intelligence through the medium of Newspapers
which a reduction in the taxes on knowledge must effect.
Those journalists, on the contrary, who advocate the cause of
the people, are desirous of extending to them the great and
paramount advantages of a free, unfettered, untaxed Press.
We may here observe that the Irish papers, one and all,
loudly protest against the proposed assimilation of duties. The
Fentimencs of the Wate;ford Chronicle on this point, from
which paper we give the following paragraph, are in unison
with those of the Irish Newspaper Press generally:—
If this reduction, so salutary to the English press, be not
extended in an equal ratio to the Irish press, we have no hesi-
tation in affirming that a flagrant injustice is meditated to-
wards the reading portion of this country. If England,
with its wealth and population, has a reduction of three pence
extended towards its press, will any government be prepared
to assert that Ireland, with its poverty, should be satisfied with
a reduction of three farthings? It is time for the Irish press
to be up and stirring ; it should not defer an hour in defending
its own rights, and in awakening► the public to a sense of the
grievous wrong which it must sustain, if a separate enactment
be not extended to Ireland. Already with a stamp duty of
four pence, the English press, from the immense sphere of
wealth and intelligence through which it circulates, can almost
compete with Irish newspapers in cheapness, although the
latter is subject to not more than one half the same amount.
Unless equal justice be announced in the proposal of the
Chancellor, all the Irish members should at once be memo-
rialised on the subject.—Waterford Chronicle.

It is, to say the least of it, a most mistaken boon—
which confers no benefit whatever upon those for whose relief

it is professedly intended. There. has been, and is a tax,
which acts as a voluntary restraint upon persons whose will
to do mischief is greater than their means—a check upon the
dissemination of seditious principles, in a shape to which per-
sons are accustomed, and which, therefore, does not appear
suspicious—but. "taxes on knowledge," again we say there
are none.—Hull Packet.
It will not satisfy the legion of knaves and blockheads who
complain of the " taxes on knowledge ;" it will not correct
the evils in the post-office transit of papers ; and it will fail in
putting a stop to the Roebucks and the other dabblers in the
contraband trade, while the respectable portion of the press
do not thank him for the reduction, and concern themselves
but little about the matter.—Liverpool Standard.
We have in two articles shewn cause against this relaxation
of what we believe to be a comparatively unfelt impost, in
preference to the Assessed Taxes, grievous both for the trou-
ble, vexation, and expense they bring along with them, and
the perjury by which they are often repelled. We believe
also the Stamp on Newspapers to be unfelt compared with
the taxes on many necessaries and articles of prime use and
comfort.—Norwich Mercury.
The most strenuous attempts have lately been made by un-
principled violators of the stamp laws to excite the country,
and it is certain that a more complete failure was never wit-
nessed. What we are apprehensive of is, that the same want
of principle which induced this class of writers to rob the re-
venue of 41d., will induce them, just for the sake of a case
or two of " persecution," or some worse motive, to resist the
penny impost. It is enough for us to say, that at present we
do not think the Chancellor of the Exchequer has introduced
a measure that is free from serious or even insurmountable
objections and difficulties.—Bath Herald. _ . •

Great errors prevail on this point, but we think we are jus-
tified in asserting that the proposed reduction of the duty will
meet the general approval of proprietors of newspapers. Whe-
ther the consequent increase of political discussions and agi-
tations will tend to the stability and happiness of social life,
is not quite so palpable, but we will hope for the best.—De-
vonport Telegraph.
The real people of England—the wealth and respectability
of every class, in fact, have had nothing to do with the demand
for it. It is a concession to the clamour and agitation of a
certain party, and that a veryinsignifisant party, for which his
Majesty's time-serving, Whig-Radical Ministers may thank
their own pusillanimity and want of decision.—Newcastle

Journal.
To the justice or common sense of the Chancellor of the
Exchequer, it is useless to appeal ; but we do ask our Conser-
vative Members of Parliament (if they cannot command a ma-
jority to continue a tax, not complained of by any body but Joe
Hume, Babylon Bowring, the executioner of Thistlewood, and
their disciples, while the malt tax, the window tax, that on
soap, and numerous others, the abolition of which would be a
real benefit to society, continues,) to do us common justice,
and insist on the remaining penny being taken off. The whole
advantage of the
,heavy tax is taken away, and a revenue of
several hundreds a-year is to be exacted from every paper of
respectable circulation without the shadow of a reason. If the
penny is demanded for postage, let it he collected by the post-
man who delivers the paper. Have persons who do not send
letters, to share the expense with those who do_? Then why
charge it on newspapers which do not pass through the post.—
Hampshire Advertiser.
We regret that the duty is not totally repealed, for we much
fear that the diminution will be attended by a still more vigo-
rous crusade against the unstamped, and we feel perfectly con-
vinced that no power of the law can now suppress that class of
publications. A few years ago, such a concession would have
been hailed as the greatest boon in the cause of political infor-
mation, and the then infant condition of the unstamped would
not have presented any formidable opposition ; but now it has
obtained a complete ascendancy, and public opinion is so far
aroused in its favor, as to leave no doubt of the result. It can
only be considered as a temporary arrangement, made perhaps
for a single year, as a transition from the high taxed to the
untaxed commodity, but it is essential to the cause of freedom
that the exertions of all reformers should be unceasingly used
to obtain the complete annihilation of their badge of political
slavery. The question of the Newspaper Stamp Duty of
course excited the chief interest for the moment, on this occa-
sion. It will be seen that this is to be reduced from four
pence, to one penny ; and after admitting all the force of the
arguments in favour of a total repeal, we are bound also to ac-
knowledge that there is considerable weight in the reasons
urged for still retaining a small amount of duty. The con-
venience which is afforded to the public by the prompt con-
veyance of Newspapers to all parts of the empire through the
Post-office, is at once apparent. If the Stamp Duty were
wholly repealed, this convenience must be purchased in some
other shape, which in all proability would involve consider-
able complexity, and perhaps a good deal of litigation. —Co.
ventry Herald.
Another boon will be given to the country by the present
Ministry.—Shrewsbury Chronicle.
We may, at length, congratulate our readers on the ac-
complishment of that great national object, in furtherance of
which we have vied in honest zeal with the most earnest of our
provincial contemporaries. Fair play will at last be given to
opinion, and that kind of information which has become so
essential to every man in the present political circumstances of
this country will now be placed within the reach of all. The
Newspaper monopoly is at an end, and literary men will no
longer be the mere hacks and tools of unprincipled capitalists.
An immense force of intellect, labouring conscientiously and
for its own sake will now be brought into the field, and in the
war of argument notning that is erroneous or corrupt will
escape. No subject will be permitted to stand by the mere
sanction of authority ; established opinions will be thoroughly
sifted ; and new truths will find a ready vent, and a safe testi
—Devonrort Independent.
The Bristol Mercury intimates satisfaction with the re-
duced duty.
This will, indeed, be a great boon ; but the retaining of the
penny stamp will still be felt as a drawback upon the general
d.ffusion of Newspapers. In the price of them it will make a
difference as between twopence and fourpence. We arc not
blind to the difficulties of circulating papers on which a post-
age duty would be to charge by the Post-office, nor to the
door which it would open to fraud ; but these might have been
overcome. It is a good instalment, and we may get the re-
mainder by and by.— Carlisle Journal.
The advocates of a free press will be glad to learn that
ministers have determined to reduce the present newspaper
stamp, which is 4d., subject to a discount of twenty pet- cent.
to one penny. The total repeal of the tax would have beets
a boon to the country papers at the expense of the London
press ; as in that case the London papers must have been
subjected to postage. On this account the entire repeal of
the Stamp Duty would be strenuously opposed by the leading
papers of all parties , the privilege of sending their publica-
tions by post, free of expense, is to them of more importance
than the proposed duty. We shall have the greatest pleasure
in reducing the price of our journal, and propose to ourselves,
in consequence, an extended field of usefulness. The Stamp
Duty has pressed heavily on a large portion of society, which
it is absurd policy to keep in ignorance of public events ; we
hail the determination of Government to reduce the duty as
an indication of their wish to impart political knowledge to
the masses, and of their alit resolution to pursue such au
impartial and enlightened py, as will bear the test of public
opinion.—Derby Reporter.
We arc happy to announce that the Newspaper Stampis
to be reduced from 4d. to a penny; this will be very satisfac-
tory. —Sherbourne Journal.
Every real friend to the difftv,ion of knowledge, will be
glad to learn that it is contemplated by Government to re-
duce the Newspaper Tax front four pence to one penny—we
say every real friend, becay.se we are sure that with a very
little reflection, all must arrive at the conclusion, thath they
Newspapers are to be ellowed to circulate free__t.hro_utgis t
post office, the penny stamp will be no tax at all. I
able t towns,
turaily to be expected that those persons
hewin, live in
and, therefore, possess the advantage
for the benefit of others who live in the country, but thee.
pur-
chase thesr newspapers next door, are averse to being taxed
persons cannot be so frien to t
y 1 here . edis not one town of ally
be diffusion of knowledge a
y affords considerable fa-
they would wish to appeadr,lYif they would benefit the few! at:
the expense of the
what already idnuction of the tax will increase in a tenfold ratio..
poorergd°m 1 nb aunt-
classes a obtaining newspaper reading,
sizeic,ihl fa-
cilities eiiisn
tthoe thet
the
The same advantage, although in a lesser idegree, will be its
effect in agricultural distuiets ; but remove the tax altogether,
and levy a postage instead, ana great risk will be incurred
d;
of placing a stronger bar to the dissemination of kno vvledge.
than exists at the present moment. It is asserted that the agri-
cultural classes are most in want of political informal ion, and
yet the same parties would compel them to pay perhe ps double
the amount for their information, than those whose s ,ecessities
are admitted not to be so urgent'l There is anothe c obstacle
in the way of postage, which we deem iusurntellnt4 ale, unless

pamphlets and all printed circulars are allowed to circulate on
the same terms, viz.—that it would be impossible for the post-
masters to ascertain what were newspapers and what were not,
which passed in to their hands, without examining each packet
separately, and the loss of time in the delivery, and the extra
trouble and expense occasioned thereby, would not be com-
pensated for by the loss of the penny stamp to the revenue, or
the gain of it to the public. Looking to the subject in a fi-
nancial point of view, and regarding it still more highly as a
means of public utility, we do think that the plan proposed is
the best that could have been chosen, and ought to give gene-
ral satisfaction.—Suffolk Chronicle. ' -
The only interesting event of the week is the ftlitrOduction,
by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, of a measure for the
consolidating of the Stamp Laws. It is a measure based on
comprehensive and liberal principles, and abolishes an immense
mass of injustice. The leading principle in so far as relates
to wills and contracts, is to tax in proportion to the amount.
At presont the duty on small transactions is out of proportion
burthensome. The most interesting feature is the proposed
lowering of the duties on Newspapers to one penny .net. This
will give all but universal satisfaction to all classes, for with
all classes have newspapers become a necessary of intellectual
life. We think it is an infinitely better plan than taking the
duty off altogether and imposing a postage which would act
extremely partially and irregularly. Perhaps the duty might
be lowered to three farthings with advantage, so as to enable
Newspapers to'be sold at fourpence. An important improve-
ment, we think, would be to transfer this department of the
stamps to the excise, so as to let the paper come stamped from
the manufactory, and not necessitate the sending of it up to
London. This would be a great relief, both to the country
Newspapers, and the paper manufacturers.— lVhitehaven
Herald.
The measure appears to be judicious, inasmuch as if there
were no tax, a postage would probably be substituted, which
would materially obstruct the circulation of those best sources
of information—the Metropolitan Journals.—Carnarvon Her.
We hail the high-minded determination of the British
Ministry to reduce the Stamp Duties on Newspapers from
fourpence to one penny, with the proud feeling of love for our
country, of exultation, and of loyalty to our institutions, per-
sonal as well as official—causing feelings very different to any
selfish anticipations. Now we shall have no serious restric-
tions on the freedom of publication; the vigorous intellects of
Britain will have free scope for action, and will undoubtedly
press for every justifiable freedom that can be honestly claimed
by a free country.—Lincobi Gazette.
We congratulate our readers on the determination adopted
by Government of reducing the Newspaper Stamp to one
penny. The proposed change affords us sincere satisfaction,
not so much for the prospect it holds out of advantage to
journalists, as for -the good it must effect in bringing political
instruction within the reach of a large class who have hitherto
been kept in comparative ignorance, by the oppressive tax
upon knowledge. Indeed, were we to look only to our own
selfish interests, we should be sparing in our recommenda-
tions of a measure which must affect us so nearly ; for al-
though we have good reason to believe that, as far as the
Herald is concerned, the reduction of the duty will be at-
tended with not oily an increase of circulation, but a conside-
rable addition to our profits, we are bound to keep in view that
the kindness of the public has already afforded us such a de-
gree of support as should make us cantious in approving any
change which may have the slightest chance of placing us in
worse circumstances ; and there can be no doubt that the
reduction of the duty will open up a wider field of competi-
tion, and deprive established journals of much of the advan-
tage they derive from the amount of capital which has hi-
therto been found necessary for carrying on a newspaper
concern. But we doubt not the measure will, in the end, be as
highly advantageous to honest journalists as it must prove to
the public. It is true that its first effect will be to decrease
the actual amount of profit on each paper-3d. 4-sth being the
actual price charged at present for paper, labour, and profit ;
and 31 being the sum which will remain, for the sante pur-
poses, after paying the stamp, when the new arrangement is
eat tied into effect. But this decrease will, we trust, be fully
counterbalanced by the increase of circulation which must
result from the price of a newspaper being reduced from seven-
pence to fourpence. The liberal journals will, assuredly,
reap most advantage from the reduction ; fur, as is well known
to all who are acquainted with the opinions of the people
generaliv, more than four-fifths of the new class who still be
enabled to hue newspapers—either individually or in clubs—
are decided Reformers. While, theref,re, Tory newspapers
wiil receive a considerable accession of sabscribers, we may
calculate to a certainty that the increase to the liberal jour-
nals will, as compared with theh• Tory contemporaries, be as
four to one. This will become known to advertisers. and the
papers with large circulation will soon, also, have the greatest
number of advertisements. It is thus we anticipate our in-
terests will be affected. We are happy to say that, even with
the present stamp oar prospects of soon being placed on a par
with our elder contemporary the Jourrid are not en far dis-
tant, as, from the length of time that paper has been esta-
blished, we might be led to expect ; and, now that the duty
is to be reduced, we hope to find the liberal opinions of the
new class of readers a fair counterbalance to the advertising
monopoly of our Conservative contemporaey. In whatever
way the change is to affect the interests of newspaper proprie-
tors, it is sure to prove advantageous to the cause of freedom.
There is no foe to tyranny, either civil or ecclesiastical, half
so formidable as knowledge.—Aberdeen Herald.
There has of late been much idle clamour on the subject ;
petitions have been got up in favour of a total abolition of the
tax—but this, we presume, will not be conceded. The en-
forcement of the la.w they cannot carry into effect, in consis-
tency with their former principles and declarations ; and, there-
fore, as they have denounced the iniquity of the tax, matters
are now brought to this bearing that a great reduction must be
made, or the fair dealer who pays the tax will devise means in
self-defence for setting the law at defiance. The present state
of things, in respect to the press, can no longer be tolerated.—
Aberdeen Observer.
The Government has at length conceded this important
point to the public ; and we doubt not that the effect of the
concession will be beneficial to all parties. It is proposed to
reduce the present stamp duty of fourpence, with a discount
of twenty per cent., to one penny, without any discount. This
is exactly what we have always contended for, though we
think that it would certainly enhance the boon to the public
if the Chancellor of the Exchequer were also to concede
twenty per cent. discount on the penny, which would then
enable publishers to sell their newspapers at fourpence. For
our own part, we are perfectly satisfied with the reduction, as
already proposed, to a penny.—Scots Times.
Our contemporary, The Sun, agrees with us, that the re-
tention of a portion of the tax, to cover the postage of news-
papers, would be more beneficial than an entire abolition, with
a charge for carriage by mail.—Greenock Advertiser.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer has annouced his inten-
tion of reducing the newspaper stamp to one penny. He is,
however, opposed to the total abolition of that tax, and contends
that the portion of it which is still to be retained ought to be
regarded as a postage duty, rather than as a revenue tax. Mr.
Wakley has postponed his motion for the total abolition of the
newspaper stamp ; but he has very properly intimated his in-
tention of bringing it forward on a future day, and dividing
the House upon it, if the Chancellor of the Exchequer shall
persist in his refusal to concede the total repeal of the obnox-
ious knowledge tax. In the mean time the friends of cheap
information ought not to relax in their efforts. Every consti-
tuency should request its representative to support Mr. \Yak-
ley when he brings forward his motion ; and petitions ought
still to be poured in upon Parliament, that the true state of the
public feeling upon the subject may be fully known by our le-
gislators before the trial of strength between the abolitionists
and the advocates of a partial reduction comes on. Much
has been gained already—let the people persevere in their
exertions a little longer, and every vestige of the barbarous
impost will be swept away.—Greenock lntelligencer.
" The people (said Mr. Wakley) thought that the goings
on in the House were such that the tax was imposed to pre-
vent them from coming to the knowledge of them." We
could scarcely believe, were we not assured of the accuracy of
the report, that such topics should be seriously addressed to
any intelligent assembly. But the truth is, that those projec-
tors have no case ; their whole stock of argument consists in
vague irrelevant declamation about the importance of moral
improvement, which no one doubts. The question is, how far
the means which they suggest are adapted to the proposed
end, on which point they seem to be bold in assertion, in pro-
portion as they fail in argument.—Edinburgh Courant.

MILITARY FLOGGING.—TO put a restraint on
the officers is the first step towards abolishing the odious system
of flogging the men.—Brighton Guardian.
The clear gain at the Olympic Theatre this season,
after deduction of every expense, is within a few pounds of
5,0001. This is, perhaps, the largest amount ever cleared in
a theatre of such limited dimensions as the Olympic.
The Correctional Tribunal of Nantes has recently
sentenced to five years' imprisonment and two years' surveil-
lance two rogues, who appear to have been in the habit of
stupifying and sending their victims to sleep before they plun-
dered them. When it was their intention to commit a rob-
bery, they began their proceeding by administering a glass of
bishop, in which were infused the seeds of the herb stramo-
nium, known amongst the country people under the name of
magician and sorcerer's weed. This custom, which was much
in practice in the seventeenth century by the class known
under the name of Endormens, has thus been revived in Dau-
phiny. An individual, named Mortinon, living near Grenoble,
has died in consequence of a narcotic drink- administered to
him.
ALLEGED MURDER.—On Sunday night, a man
named Pritchard, who lives in a house in Portland-street, was
heard by the neighbours, during the night, frequently beating
his wife, so much so that they became alarmed and sent for a
policeman. Early yesterday morning a policeman went to
the house, and found the door and shutters fast, and he then
heard that the woman had died from the ill-usage she had re-
ceived. The house was then broken into ; the husband was
out, and the body of his wife, which it is supposed had been
dead two or three hours, and upon which were visible marks of
violence, was found. The constables immediately went in
search of the monster, and succeeded in taking him into cus-
tody. An inquest will be held on the body to-day.—Liver-
pool Standard of Tuesday.
We have to record the unfortunate and early death
of Captain George Keen' commanding the brig Lady Char-
lotte, of Liverpool. This promising young man left Whampoa
in his ship's long-boat to proceed to Canton. The boat, being
under sail, upset below the Dutch Folly, in a very crowded
part of the river, and Captain Keen and One of his crew were
drowned. One of the survivingm the
oenwas assisted by the native
.crew into a Chinese boat, ;
but
vert
neitihelertwo were repulsed in
thei elicleVours to enter
scrambleenibbard, and were saved. The last
they managed to
set were
Ihnard from' Captain Keen were—" Help me, e
' wenti dov°P( lno nof the crew), I am sinking!" He immediately
_ Neftl2,7r Of the bodies had been found.

_
Ifio 3J0,1/0,-
