THE MARI.BOROUO/1 ELECTION.

The petitioner.' in this case are Sir Alexander Malltt
and Mr. Mirrhonse.

Mr. HARUISON, in open;ng the case, observed that,
according to the census made in 1821, the population of
this borough exceeded 3,000, and the number of house
holders amounted to 500, yet, at the last election, the
number who, according to the government of the town,
were competent to vote, did not exceed 11, all of whom
were tenants of a Nobleman who resided in that neigh-
bourhood (the Marquis of Aylesbury.) The borough was
entirely under the controul of an attorney, who acted as
Viceroy, to the Noble Marquis, and who, in that capacity,
could return any Member whom he thought proper to re-
present it in Parliament. The Learned Counsel then pro-
ceeded to observe that this was a borough in ancient de•
meow, and, as such, that all the inhabitants paying scot
and lot were entitled to vote at elections. In his opinion
the best way to meet the cry for a wild radical reform
in the representative system was, that Committees,
when ouch cases as this came before them, should
restore those rights of the franchise where they should
appear to be usurped. A Committee had decided,
in 1717, that the right of election in this horoulm was
vested in the Myor and burgesses ; both parties felt
bound by this decision ; but he (Mr. Harrison) contended
that the word burgesses implied an inhabitant paying scot
and lot; whereas it was insisted on the other aide that a
burgess was a person duly admitted into the Corporation.
The only question for the decision of the Committee was,
what was the meaning of the word Intros.
The Learned Counsel having concluded a learned mitt.
meat in support of his position, called a witness to esta-
blish his case.

Mr. ADAII objected on the ground that the decision of
1717 was conclusive on that point.
Sir R. l'szt. (the Chairman) observed that, in his ap-
prehension, it was competent for the petitioners to produce
evidence to chow that householders paying scot and lot
were admitted to vote at elections previous to 1716.
After some desultory observations between Members of
the Committee and Counsel, the room was cleared ; and
the Committee, having deliberated fora short time, de-
cided that the petitioners might proceed to establish their
case.

Several ancient documents and charters having been
read, the Committee adjourned at four o'clock, until ten
to-morrow (this day.)

LORD' BROUGHA Nt..-This nobleman was
born in the year 1779, and is descended froM a respectable
Cumberland family, who, 60 or 70 years ago, first settled
in Westmoreland, in which is situate. Broughsm-hall (in
the parish of Brougham), called by a celebrated touri,t
" the Windsor of the North." llis mother war the sister

of Professor lton►tnTxort, the historian, and is *till in the
enjoyment of a gmen old age. He has three brothers—
JAMES, And WILLIAM. The former resides with
his mother in the hall : he is in Parliament. The latter
is at the bar. Jolts W 45 twiny years a wine-merchant
in Edinburgh, where be lately failed. The Learned
Lord first took his seat in the Commons for Camelford,

having been returned by the Duke of Hauronn ; he subse
quently eat fur Winelielsea, under the Marquis of Ct.sva.
LAND ; then for Knaresborougli; lastly, as we all know,
far Yorkshire. In early life he was an admirer of Mr,

Par; hut lived long enough to declare himself ambitious
of being known to posterity as that statesman's greatest
enemy—politically of course. In early life, too, he wrote
a work on colonial policy, in which he held the doctrine
that the African was so inferior to the European as
scarcely to belong to the same species : but he lived to
pronounce himself the champion of that injured race, and
the advocate of the instant abolition of colonial slavery.
Ilia contests for Westmoreland—his unsurpassed oratorical
powers, whether in the senate or at the bar—his vari►d
talents and acquirements—his criticisms—political tracts
—unwearied industry—are all too well known to be
dwelt upon here. A few years ago, he married the widow
of the late JOHN SLADIC, Esq., of llill•street (now Lady
Motto tuts), by whom he acquired &considerable property.
By this lady, he has, we believe, only one daughter, who
is about eight years of age...—Leeds Interligencer.
REroam.—We inform the friends of this
great healing measure that meetings have been held in a
number of places, to which our limits will not admit of
even an allusion. It deserves however to be mentioned,

that on Thursday. last a numerous and highly resfieetatile
meeting of the parish of Armagh was held is the Market-
house, for the purpose of presenting a loyal and dutiful
address to his MAJZSTY, on his aeoession to the throne of

these kingdoms, and taking into consideration the pro-
priety of petitioning Parliament to change the present
system of open voting to that of voting by ballot. The
westing was addressed by a number of good speakers, but
the speech of Mr. WAVC4I was 'clearly the best. He made
a happy use of the celebrated memorial of Earl GamT,
presented to Parliament in May, 1798. It reprobated
with energy and indignation a system which allows 399
Peers, sitting in Parliament, and their families, to receive
2,754,3361. ; and 209 Peers, not sitting in Parliament,
and their families, 978,0001. ; which makes 3,732,386/.
out of the taxes paid by an impoverished people. la
mentioning the burdens with which the newspaper press
in this country is borne to the earth, he said, on inatitut•

ing a comparison between the Press of
.thin and ether
countries, it has been found that in France, where the
duty is only lid., and the price of a paper to the sub-
!
scriber 21d., the circulation is considerably greater than
in this country ; while in America, where there is no stamp
duty, the circulation is five times greater. The resolu-
tions were unanimously passed, and the prayer of the peti-
tion adopted was, 44 that your liontorrable House enact a
law that will compel every voter of the United Kingdoth
to vete by Ballot, and thus give the freedom of choice in
reality to the Electors ; protect them from those who can
injure, and deprive the venal of the power of bartering
their suffrages for their individual advantage, without re-
gard to the public weal.".—Seotsnian.

Our coltirmis are filled with the sad details of
the dreadful outrages perpetrated by desperate men and
by some deliberate villains upon farming property in
various parts of the country, and even within 20 or 25
miles of this city. Whatever may be the sufferings of the
agricultural
tenant e, is not an
earth,thehipmeiats,:ingtirtyt: he
AtleillltiriguicittyioncoLitlfluerfriuncitisesofautle
expedient that can either remove or
mitigate them, and awful example* should be made of
thbse who shall he deteete I in such Atrotioui attempts.
The only effectual mode of permaneney providing fur the
Maintenance of this useful class of men, and of emitting
trout. them a respect fur the laws and general good con.
duct, is to give them a home Ant/ a bit of land. Build
cottages, apportion a rood or two of ground, and you may,
iu process of time, revive the race of honest yeomen, We-
-I;rndent in character and respectable in conduct, whom
Urge firma and rapacious Ilindlorifis have citified to di,oP"
pear front the face of this once smiling country.—Bade
Herald,

WHAT IS THE U-TV% OF NOTTINGHAM

IN RESPECT TO MR. !OMAN?

(Frem the Nottingham Review.)
, \re kfive re 1101111 t tit come! of one readers will be in-
;clines! tit differ with hi the opinion we may advance, as
in Mr. Deno-utie re-election fe7 Nottingham, now that
he haw di:;,:epted the office of Attorncy Ilentral; hut ad-
vocating as the Itarf; ever done, the doctrine of the molt
extensive suffrage, and rot' solTrage by ballot, as the only
rarlieal reform, we still &We've that the great body
of refor:Sie armild be acting inconaistemir in encourag-
ing any opposif:ok pia }%fr. Denm tn. It I, w'elY known
that he has never been ,t fflislength Endive! reforthime (at
feat as far as one, essential point gtftsf ; • his declaration in
the House of Commons, on Monday evoning en pre.
senting the miles' reform petition from Nottlrigham,
and leis adlress in again sAiciting the suffrages of
the eicatortli ietti4l the principle of reform in extent
quite as far tt4 hr his e,,,er advocated that measure. It
will he recolletred that a dit? itiOninatien on the nOth of
,fitly', kit teur months e3nce, Mr. l rothari twirl, " during
'he whole time he hail been in Parlianonti lid had nut
given ori•Votl.! which sanctioned the imposing of a singes
penny of unnecessary t doliti»? mr had I,e, at their repro-
'emotive, ever lest a single opporttiaii of urging retrench-
merit and economy. He also avowed hirnsolti A friend to
,eform ; these two great measures, so necessary to the hen-
/deem of the people, must go together, for there wottld
he nu r, dl a Menial economy without reform; it was a
subatantial radical reform that he advocated, the calling
firth the mind of the whole people, so that it should be
heard end respect-d in the councils of the nation." These
Were Mr. Delmar-11i sentiments at the election, and his
language Anew he joined the new Administration
haw been the 110710. If the electors of Nottingham were
satisfied with their repreiait alvee' political creed, when
tiny returned them to Patti tment at the late general elec-
tion, they cannot now with any degree of; consistency, in
our opinion, refuse to recognise, in the very commence-
ment of the first Session, the same principles to which
they two recently assented. The only topic on which Mr.
Denman has avowed hitnselli as differing from the ma-
jority of his constituents, is that of the ballot, and this he
hers done all along; we know that the men of Notting.
ham are not such imitators of the Duke of Newcastle as
to require the prostration of the right of private judgment
before their ; he recognises their opinion as of great
influence with 'him, and sufficient to make him doubt of
the solidity of the grounds on,which his opinion is formed,
• am! he has expressed his readinesi so far to acquiesce in
their decision, as to support the measure, though uncon-
vinced. More than this cannot reasonably be asked.
Another reason for a unanimous support of Mr. Den-
' man we ground on the fact of the necessity of union. The
friends of Reform in Nottingham have hitherto been
always united—they have mutually conceded minor points
of belief to the general principle ; now that an Adminis-
tration is formed on a degree of that measure for which
they have been .so.lon; contending, will they now divide
among themselves, and afford an opportunity to the ene-
ones of Reform to triumph ? Without union, we are
nothing. We cannot anticipate that any opposition will
be offered ; and we expect that this will be the first eleo
tion for many years, in which the people of Nottingham
have not been engaged in a e ontorit.

LIVERPOOL ELECTION.

THIRD DAY-THURSDAY.

The polling commenced at the usual hour this morning,
and continued with great spirit until four o'clock in the
afternoon. The numbers then stood thus:—
Mr. Denison 930
Ewsrt 9lB

Each candidate, both yesterday and to,day, polled the
same number of votes. The most shameless bribery and
corruption, it is said, prevdiled. The sum of 100 sme•
reigns was, we are told, given for rank' of 10 voters,
whilst some individual voters got not less than 10 sove-
reigns for a single vote. If the contest goes on at the
same rate, 60,0001. will be expended by Messrs. Denison
and Ewer%

IMPORTANT MEETING at M ANCIIESTEZ

(nom OUR. MANCIIVIIVER COMLICNPONDIXST.)

FRIDAY, NOV. 26.

Yesterday, pursuant to a requiaitiou most respectably
signed, and addressed to the lloroughreeve and Constables,
a meeting of the merchants, manufacturer's, and others,
took place at the Town-ball, fur the purpose of consider•
ing of the propriety of supporting the application of the
printers, far the repeal of the excise on printed calicoes.
The Boroughreeve (James Ruler), E.q. was UDATII•
tnaUttly Canfrl.to the,Chair.
,The Meeting was addressed by several gentlemen of the
greatest respectability connected with the cotton trade,
who Showed the impolicy of fettering in soy way a prin.
dim' branch of the cotton trade, by the int-rference of the
excise ; and that a tax levied on a return of 00000/ ,
and producing only a decreasing income nf 350,0001.
yeatly, and causing by its operation the loss of an equal
amount, must he injurious to the general elmmercial inte-
rest of the country. The impoliey of the duty wee noticed
from its restricting the operations of a branch of
trade which furnishes employment to one-tenth of
the population of Lancashire. and upwards of bO,OOO
hands in the neighbouring counties. In con-
sequence of a duty of sit per cent. on cotton, and an
average of ten lel cent. on almost every description of
drug used by the printer, it would be found that this trade
pays four times greater duty than either the woollen, silk,
or any ether trade; independent of the print duty.
The duty frequently was three-fourths of the amount
that was turned over by many of the printers of low
goods, and thus furnished a temptation to over-trading
and unnatural competition. It was notorious that the
duty has become a source of income In the dishonest
trader to the injury of the honest man. The impolicy of
the tax was further urged from the impossibility of fairly
charging
.the duties. Variations existed of a charge on the
same goods from ten to fifteen per cent. on the amount of
duty. Some !muses in the trade were on leniently charged
es to make a difference of direct profit in theif favour,
often umounting to several thousands per annum. The
expense, of collecting the tax, owing to the immense sums
raised, and afterwards on drawbacks for exported goods,
amounted to about 1'77,000/. ! The hardship of the tax,
and even its cruelty, Was 'shown by the manner in which
the duty is charged. The low priced goods, principally worn
by the working classes, on account of the duty tieing paid
on the superficial square yard, without any retrence to
the value, are taxed from seventy per cent. downwards, in
a ratio actually diminishing in amount on the most
valuable, till it becomes not more than seven and a half
per cent. on the highest Fisted gawk It time happens,
that while the wife or daughter of the labourer is paying
only one-half the value of her gown in texas, the femelee
in the higher rank* of life do not pay the tenth of the
amount. It WAS contended, that if the duty were repealed,
the impetus given to the trade, by &tiny put on a fair
/Wang with all other*, would give such an inereased
consumption to imported produce paying duties, as would
snore than replace the sum given up. and would give ern-
ployment to many thousand additional Ninths. The total
amount of duties paid an printed calicoes in England and
Scotland, for the year coding January b, 1890, was
1,942,9181 Hs. Gd. ; the net revenue to the kingdom was
652,9831. I 9s. 2d., from which deduct a chsrge of 177,0001.
The hardships to which calico-printers were subjected by
the present system were clearly and ably stated, and the
loss to the Revenue, by the oppressive tax put upon them,
was fully demonstrated. Many instances of extreme op-1
pression, and consequent pecuniary losses were stated and
proved by documents, as the concomitants of a system
which offers a source of fraudulent profit to the dishonest,
but renews remunerative profit to the honest man and the
man of real capital. A Committee, consisting of tome
of the moat infitiential gentlemen in Manchester and its
vicinity was (twined to carry into effect the resolutions of
the meeting, with power to send a deputation to London,
to wait upon Ministers on this momentous business*. A
petition to Parliament was also agreed upon arid nume-
rously signed in the course of the day. The thanks of the
meeting having been voted to the worthy Chairman, the
Iloroughreeve, the meeting. atljonrned, - sine die.

" Dr. Thomson's History of (7homistry,"
which forms the third volume of the Nstioual Library, 'is,
perhaps, the most comprehensive and 'popular account of
that science extant. The progreos' of Chemistry is traced
from the earliest ages, and -through all nationst awl
while the writer conveys the witutilest information, he Is
never dry or shstruse, but, oh the, contrary, so amusing
as to fix the attention even of the most artless reader.
his biogrophical sketches too, of distinguished profes-
sors, are to the lad degree interesting, not only as in.
eolving ninth which it :is. important that the scientific
enquirer should know, 'nut+ at the discovery of new
facts, and the coasequent establishment of new theories,
Sse.—but as presenting pictmeo of human nature iu its
finest aspect, as shewn in the quiet carter of intellectval
man distributing anions his fellow creatures the inestima-
bly Illessings ot, his .tinorinits researches. " ThAt History
chirory'_' front Slit psi of 0, P. 11. .laases, Esq.
.. auttoi of " L'Orme, '" D anley," 'lke, is to form tin,
subject ot4the fourth Number, which we understand will
siva lip kw tkyes.

COVET CIRCULAR.

E4tl Oast- h. 4 w Indium' pater 'ity of Woo Xiitot •t
Lir Palace in St. hunts's.

fler Royal Highness the Duchess of Kaxv, attended by
Lady CATiIthISZ JENEINSOW, Prince Leorotn, and the
Doke of Duvossatrar, dined with their itlanattott on
Thu' inlay.
The Duelieu of ICBXT end the Mehra* of CUISSIN.•
t Man v.si 4rl the Qualm yesterday at the Palace at St.
J %Mil's, and partook of a dejettnif with her MAJESTY.
The whole of the Foreign Ambassadors and Ministers
irsident at this Court, paid their respects to Viscount
L-ArAignstOn yesterday afternoon at the Foreign Office, on
Slw occasion of the Noble Viscount eater ng on the duties
nf t, ice, se his lacrasTy's principal Secretary of State
for r•reigit Affairs. Their Excellencies canto in full
C..firt dress, wearing the stars and ribande of the several
rirders of which they are Knights, and were severally in-
(induced to his Lordship. There were present—the
Austrian, Firorh, and Netherlands Ambassadors; the
Russian, Prussian, Spanish, Swedish, Neapolitan, Sar-
dinian, American, Bavarian, Mexican, and Wartemberg
Ministers; the Danish and Brasilian Charges d'Affaires.

A CAWnet Council was held at four o'clock yesterday
uf ernoon at the Foreign Office, which was attended by
Earl GRIT, the Marquis of LAKSDOWNIt, Lord DUIWAU,
Viscount Psi.srsittcrox, Viscount, Gunmen, Viscount
filstsounstr, Viscount ALTlllOltr, Lord lior,Lemn, the
Mlle of Mamoru), the Earl of Csatast.a, and the Right
lion. GRANT.

The Ifitibners :retrained in deliberatio■ till a quarter
past five o'clock.
The Ambassador front the Netherlands held a conference
with Earl GRIT yesterday.
ffir .1. SHas has been appointed one of the Untler.Serre-
ttries of State for Foreign Affairs, iu the roam of Lord
DUXULJ►6.

EAST KENT SPECIAL SESSION.

(Continued from ywatfrei.o.) •
TRIAL OP THE MACHINE BREAKERS.

CANTERIVIkTi' rattur ArtitWOON.
The Court, est thierisevaing it half pact eighaeolock.
Business teas eutmendeti last night at desks •
John, Stannard, wows Siam* and William
Deveseht, were severally charged with feloniously .breek-
ing and destroying a threshing machine, at Ash, next
Sandwich, the property of Richard Souther.
The principal feature in the shove mei was the examine-
sion of the Rev. Mr. Gleig, author of the Subaltern. He
deposed as follows;--I saw the prisoners hi the early part
of the day at Westmount; they were assembled armed
with sticks, saws, Sec. I persuaded them to disperse and
go home. Siddtrs was partienlarly active in forcing other
men. Saw them afterwards, at Ash-street. They agreed
to go home. I saw no more of them that day. I did not
see them break any machines. ,They told me their wages
were too Muff and remonstrated with me on my, interfe-
rence. I was present when the men threatened to break
Mr. Southee's machine. Stallard, in that case, was
active. I did not see the machine broke, but I heard after-
wards that they bad destroyed it.
The hey returned a verdict, that Stemma and Stone
were Guilty; sidders Not Gailty. .
William Stone, William Bidders, Stephen Prier,
Stephen Pitcher, and William Madden, were then ar-
raigned one similar charge. The offence, as stated in the
indictment, was, for breaking a threshiag-mitehine at
Stourinouth, the property of JiOnell Moeller.
The Rev. Mr. Gleig examined—Sew the prisoners on
the morning of the 25th ; they had hammers, but he slid
not see them do any thing.
After further 'eidetic* had been ashineed, the Jury re-
turned a verdict, finding hilsdiett,,, filcher. end Sidders,
Guilty; and. Stephen Price. Not Guilty..-. Pries hurt wife
and eight children., •
Sveen other priestlier*, amongst whom was Taylor.
styled in *rime of the. Evening Papers " the incendiary,"
' were then placed at ibt bee on a charge of, breath% a
threshing. machine, at Ilrekesbourne, the roptrty of !John
Friday. -Verdict—Guilty. ,
( room OUR co it it ear° ST..••IIICOMPTIUSII;449;I44O. )
SENTENCE ON TNT
CAnT*lll4nrp rA/rl/.1. !tour.
About four o'clock this afternoon the vahuh,i of the Ma-
gistrates again catered the Coed, the. trials having all
terminated, after an alonmee of mute ,than art hour en-
gaged in the consideration of the wenteneis which they
should pass upon the prisoners.
The Chairman, Sir EDWAnn KNASCHSOLI, having re-
sumed hie seat, the moot breathless anxiety prevailed.
Previous to hisssing their matinee he addressed tleepri-
swept, who had been again placed at tholanr. flearke
as follows Prhtorteres yoe stand convictesi uffrfsOilS
against the .)AMS. of your toiletry, and the, trsrditit
raided iga'net you have Mrs .313'11 yid IMP"-
fish Jury. sad all who have heard Use evident* front:Whist;
they have arrived at their sionelusions momeotieer opi-
nion with them, that they bad done their deitY, and derided
yaccording to the evidence before them.'" The. Curt,
continued, Sir E. Knaishbuill, On a formerometaiop, When
several men stood before him convicted of *hailer offences,
had taken them, being the first seen, into their salient'
consideration, and had hoped that the extension of indul-
gence to them would have tended to moors the tranquil-
lity of the county. Although the sentences pissed on
them had been of the most lenient kind, unlawful and
riotous assemblages continued to be held, sod not only this
Court, hut the public in general, who looked attentively
t k the result of their lenitive judgment, had been di.ap-
pointed in their expectatioss, He had now to Morin
them, that the Court had endeaveared as far as Fallible,
consistent with the sleds of jastica, to aimed' to every
thing suited in favour of the wiseacre where they bed ob-
tained characters for general good suminet, But he had
.01 a painful duty to perform. Standing before them, as
the organ of that Court he was retry to inform thern,thet
his duty was indeed a pitiful one. He mot remand the
prisoners that they had offended against the laws 'of their
country, and the sentences which the Court at -Irwin
instructed him to past were of a peculiar nature, and dif-
ferent from those passed on the former occasion. 'The
sentences then passed had not, he repeated, put a step to
these lawless proceedings, the mercy shown was found of
rio avail. The laws of the lead had exhibited their mercy,
it now became a painfol deity imposed on him to vindicate
their justice.
The following sentences were then passed :--
Thomas Read, aged2s, for breaking a machine on the
premises of Sarah Matson, Wingham, to be transported
air life. lit had been previously convicted of stealing
lead. The prisoner's wife, who had been standing in
Ceurt the two days of the sessions, fainted On hettring"the
sentence.

John Stannard, 96, William Sidarn alias William
Dsvison, 26, Thomas Stroud, 19, Henry Andrew*, 9,
and Henry Hullos, ft, merral of whom bad been non-
victed on two or thrre mtlictments for niachins.breaklng,
were each sentenced to ttsnspottatinn far wen PO*.
Stephen Pitcher, 22; Abraham Clarjushold, 20, law.
Mutter, 91., Daniel irselor (shoemaker), 30, Thomas
Cobb, 46, and Richard Stiskell, 26, tivolve months' im-
prisonment each, Cobb bad hard for mercy, laid he
had four children, anti a wife in bad health, all wholly de.
pendent on him. ltet had, he said, never been in trouble
before.

Thorne' Stour, 34, one yeer's imprisonment, William
42, six months', and hard labour, The choir-
man said, this light sentence had been pewit on account
of bit priciest good ChllteCttl. John kiineb, Ses Hint
months" imprisonment ; Cherita Terry, la, sin menthe'
imprisonment; °tarp Ford, ad, flirt* months' impri-
sonment; Jame' Bright, 33, four Months; Henry Stash,
fi4, and Thomas Gamin-ill, 31, three month,* imprietin-
mune each ; Faulkner Harding, 33, fourteen days, and
Santurl Junes, 83, one morith's insprisooment. They had
all been convicted of riotous mersublage, Ind brooking
threshing machine*,
The woeful*, particularly on those who are to be
transported, ekcarifisd the whole Court, sod have been
the subject of Ctltleelibethat tiPtCO among the, immense
crowds of country people collected in this oilX_.llll (14. Y.
The CIIAIIIMAD, in discharginA the Fetty
,Jory,
thanked them for their great Attention to the important
business which come befirre thetas, Ile ba4 newer, he
said, since be had had the honour of prreitling an that
bench, discharged s Jury to WhOlti the Court and the
whole county stood so watch indebted,

Yi yeaa Cmprunibla in &scribe 114 was ootoido
guotino's wilest tile OPUS .100. 1101,41114
islet% fothero,imil Motives iti. iite 814100 d distreme ooroirl,
they them, " tho,hord.haarted itfogi..orotoo" fur
ionding their fricode obit of tilt eoostry for oadoitrouriss
In earn their broAd sod get goof! way%

It liott74,—On Friday a requisition respect.
ably ijratcl wits preeented to the Prevost of 11additttollt
requesting him to cell a mottling to petition fee bittMrstioo
With a litierelity and frmiknese 'Which dui hint helliP44
tit. ihNLor at once complied with the proposal. ..awl, the
meeting; is to be held te-morrow. Will utr(0100.44/:
trait slow the 11144 defy to the
hope, be will. At any rate he *ill tOitnifiall;s
are sow, taking io call a 'public ttieeti*littioii, tilt
and we think we ran. promo**, that. thri ailat
exhibit eoinethiag gam onpritredeilletl
elispd, rt. *town.,

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

It must he acknowledged by friend and foe, that
the new, Athninistration has accedeil to office, at a
time of titieoinnfini difficulty., We are sincerely re-

loctant ter increase that difficulty by urging Mini,
tent too irrittetuou.ly forward towards the discharge
of duties, however manifest, or towards the fulfil-

Anent of their undisputed and solemn pledges; F., till
less' would we throw obstacles in the way of either:
but,. distressing ua is the state of the Coittttryy and
in ionic respects alarming, tt must tht4ver help to
smooth' and facilitate .the course tot which they are
about to enter, if the suggest to his Mhjesty's
Mi-
r+isters the means best TrActilated to fix for thou-

solve* a favourable prepossession in the tiiitadt of
the people of England, and a WittfIVICSS in an:
public to give them credit for• honourable intentions
'on every point,—by artieg honourably, provided it
bespeedily, on 01/C. H m
eyond all doubt the les-
n for n reform of Parliament its the Main and
prime neeessity under which this country labours.
ifoot all, the abuses and grievances which
hayteliorne down upon the nation for ages past may
botriticed essentially to the want of virteravg inde-
pendence in the great controlling river. The few
having tee much voice in the melting of laws, or in
the *eleetion of rulers,,and the many too little, has
throWn the double weight of sword and purse into
the smile of the oligarchy, and made that pith people
kick the brain. It is a long while sittre CM, truth
was distovered,end displayed tecrgeticelly in speech
and writing by intelligent men throughout the ern-
pire; but it ia not very long-since the people to,:gers
to entertain hopes of acting successfully upon that
kuowledge,.beestute the facility of communication
through the press,' and' that of co-operation by
means of meetings and varieties, had not yet been
50 far matured as to teach the people that they need
bet unite to be irresistible. The erescrit Parliament
was elected by a nation bent resolutely on reform of
Parliament. The late Minister was at once hurled
bora his sear, from the moment in which he be•
• trayed a spirit inimical to that vast object on which
England had become decided end unanitriclm The
existing Ministers owe to their promise of a Reform
the sole chance which croaks there of being able to
carry on public business without a dissolution of
Parliament,---e measure which, besides endangering
the public peace, might grievously oppress errs
bermes the representatives of counties in all parte of
the. Kingdom, anti, under the present Anti-
, union, pbrenzy among the • Irish, might inflame
that demagogue-ridden race to open insurrection.
On the fulfilment, then, in due season -I y his Mal.
jetty's Ministere, of their pledge of Piebitmentury
reform, we rest as confidently as oft the continuance
of the Monarchy itself. The single point of hesi-
tation ii,—hew to bring it forward with the roost
resesonable prospett of an easy triumph within the
walls of Parliiment itself; and the best 'certainty,
when attained, of its proving it future benefit
to the nation. It is therefore :indispensable to
the practical success of any scheme of Parliamen-
tary Reform, that it should be calmly, steadily, dill.
gently, and deeply meditated, before it be exposed
to the' inspectiors of friends or enemies. If we
were invited , to counsel statesman--much
more a dosen statesmen tIO this most vital question
—.We should say, let them propose at the eat lit et day
to Parliament, a resolution emhoicieg some broad
and unequivocal principle of Reform in the House of
Commons, from which neither they nor /heir semi-
sort could afterwards flare to flinch ; but let not tlei
tails of any kind be forced on precipitately, lest they
might trot bear a deliberate and serotinizing examine-
tints. By too soots recomteviding a complete system of
Parliamentary Reform, rite ponciple„itselfmight be
brought int* discredit ;'beceuse the 41)4 and the
Legiilitture would have to setesideor elter that which
Ilimistershadgot up in haste. As cordial frientli,
'therefari to that great principle,we iyould begin with a
steely. of ameooretioownicn must operate powerfully
era remove oltjettleinsagulest a Reform of Poliement
in the bream 'of., thnse who now resist ;hat
principle as much from mercenary and sordid, ns
(rem arbitrary or:aristocratic motives. Begin with
ofoonomieol Refera#,....cut away the pabulum of
fold ambition, the prey of rapacity, the stimulus
to corruption, anti half your Work as Parliamen-
tary reformers is already done. We shall touch
bite briefly on the various heads of retrenchment
which must offer themselves to a bold and, patriotic
Statesman, and leave our hints to fight their owe
Wiry With
.the community,. Ministers ought to cut
down their own large salaries at the outset. The.
Lord Lieutenency atireland ought to be got rid of
expeditiously us! the forms and intricacies of
:•public businestrwilL permit.' The Duke of North-
' -,;ismberland some time since mode a liberal sacrifice
'of lit least. One-fourth of the income of that un-
wieldy office ;.and' by' wily of illustration of the
'view which we; have above. brought (inward, the
extinction of whole will be in so far facilitated,
es the piece of /Aril Lieutenant must be henceforth
touch less an ebiret of desire to needy Noblemen,
larld of contention among the different interests which
a CShinet.has to consider and conciliate. We have
heard, but cannot Arm positively, that Lord An.
glesea 'will be the last Lord Lieutenant, arid that
his'appointment is but a preliminary to the almost
immediate abolition of that 'ancient but worn-out
rat& bee been alleged on respectable autho-
rity, that the Vice-Treusurerahip of Ireland bad
been improved by the Duke of Wellington
into st place of considerable labour and efficiency ;
Pt least we have beets told that its late possessor,
the Knight of Kerry, neither found it a sine-

cure -noi made it :7e-o. If, however, the busi-
ness can be doeit through clerks, without the cost of
a salary of 2,5001., per annum, the public has en un-
doubted right to the benefit. of such 4 Sevin* The
public boards are kept up at en enormous and need-
less expense. The puke of Wellington tried his
hand at them, and dittisomething, but not. half
enough. Instead of being what the lively audacity of
Mr. Canning's imagination represented them, so
many cradles for infant 'Stateemen, they are, in too
many cases, but easy chairs for decrepitude, or
• pillows whereon helpless and high-born beggary
raay indulge its contempt for those an whose bread
it fattens. Ler& of the Admiralty—of the Treasury
......ComMiesioneri of the India Board, of which the
?Ade boKibitie* is dime by the' Chief.; Commie*ionet
alimeComeniesioners of Excise and Customs, and
Stemps, and Noy Board, and V Board, and
Woods sod Voreete, and Ilisekney 'Coaches —all
might be diminished by at least two.thirds'oitheir
number. So the diplomatic, serviee, pruned, us it
‘v its, and to a considerable' *Went, by Lord Abet- ,
deem, will admit of a much greater retrenehinent,
and the public business be incomparably better
executed than at present. What, du such men
tes Sir Charles Begot end 1,40 Burghersh
do ua an equivalent for their prodigious salaries ?
• The dignity of Great Britain it not: hi* upheld,by
tine; laced licoriee, nor her diameter by fashionable
manners; nor are her rights endieterests best un-
derstood or defended by ignorant, feeble, frivolous,
or arrogant personages, because they may happen
to be the expensive tiepin:we, !Wolters, or toad of
courtiers. Again, was there ever such a nest for vo•
racious vermin us the Royal Household, treks several
ramifications of complex and barbarous, stipettluity ?
What use ha 4 the King of
.linghind
,fore *et of
Lords, by way of menial servants, 11140 u;
reditaty legislators, judges, over a frete•people—Yet
domestics of a limited monarch, at so many thou-
_ltalia each per Annum, for wearing out their lives in
ifiumme yawning attendence on, a, King' who' reels
oppressed by their .contiguity to his person. Theo-
' 0,0 have the bitchy of Lsecatter, with a huge
ithitio—niust 'that- abuse of the Oldie 'resonate
continued ? The Lieutenant-Crefieral of the Ord
metres, conderimed' not twelve months ago, Ity the'
''whets liberel:oppositioe'•in Parhament,whet be-
•voitnoe of that P! To change to another brunch, for
many, of the extravagance visible in
ell our institutions the eateries of the Judges—
sie they professed to be, on et:count of the
'high prices of an widos of consumption, Ought
they not to be lowered after the fell in prke o
every thing that was tha laticiA o todO or purdno4oo
