THE SUN, LONDON, MONDAY, DECEMBER 2 0:;9.

130 Shares Girard Trust
5 do. Schuylkill Bank:
50 do. Vicksburg Bank C. and P 274
17 do. Camden and Amboy
1 do. Mechanics' Bank
10 do. U. S. Bank 824
14 do. Girard Bank
SECOND BOARD—YESTERDAY
30 shares U. S. Bank cash 83
2 do. Girard Bank
2 do. Lehigh (new)
50 do. Bank of Kentucky.... s o 60ds 74

These accounts speak for themselves. Among
he following extracts will be found all the miscel-
laneous news in these Journals :

PROSPECT OF A ROW ALL ROUND,

coerce have received Valparaiso papers to the 27th of
July.
A tremendous gale was experienced on the 24th and
25th of July, during which the Chilian ship of war
Monteagudo drifted from her anchors, and subsequently
became a total wreck. The crew were rescued by the
heroic efforts of Lieutenant Craven of the United States
navy, Lieutenant Collinson, of the British frigate Pre-
sident, and a number of British sailors who put off to
the wreck at the eminent peril of their lives.
Several Chilian vessels with which the Monteagudo
came in collision, sustained considerable damage.

(From the Courier and Enquirer.)
Extracts of letters received from Officers of the
Exploring Expedition, received by H.M. Ship Imogene,
arrived at Rio Janeiro, the 19th September.
" Valparaiso, 7th April, 1839.
DEAR SIRS We arrived here on the '?.oth ult., in
the Peacock, and expect in a few days to leave for Cal-
lao. The Relief left here for Callao last week, and we
are expecting daily the schooners Enterprize and Sea
Gull. The Vincennes and Porpoise arrived to-day.
The Relief experienced a heavy gale off the Straits of
Magellan, and had to repair to this place with loss of
all her anchors and chain cables ; the gale lasted 22
days. The store ship Marapose, Captain Hale, from
New York, arrived here on the 16th April with our
stores, and has proceeded to discharge them. • • .
The officers and crew of the of this ship arc well."

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.
Bristol, Nov. 30, 1839.
have the pleasure to communicato to you that
the Great Western left New York on the 16th, at 15
minutes past 12 o'clock, and passed the Outer Bar Buoy
at half-past 2 r. sa., and arrived here this day, at half-past
8 o'clock A. U.

The following are some particulars of the voyage :
Nov. 17. Wind variable, lat. 40. 12, lon. 69. 50, dis-
tance 192 miles; light variable winds and cloudy, showers.
lit. Wind north-westerly, lat. 40. 44, lon. 65. 18 ;
209 ; strong breezes and cloudy fresh gales and squally sea
rising fast.
19. Wind ♦ariable, lat. 41. 50, lon. 60. 22 ; 230;
light variable winds and cloudy, westerly swell.
20. Wind variable and north-easterly, lat. 55. 42,
lon. 43. 20; 212 ; squally rain, disagreeable weather, at
times blowing a gale, heavy south-westerly swell.
21. Wind south-westerly, variable, lat. 44. 48, lon.
51. 40 ; 192 ; ditto weather, moderating.
- !2. Wind easterly, lat. 46. 10, lon. 47. 33 ; 192 ;
fresh breezes, thick hazy weather with rain, S. W. swell.
23. Wind south-westerly and westerly, let. 47. 49,
lon. 42. 25; 232 ; fresh gales and squally sea from S. W.,
rain at times.

24. Wind north-westerly and northerly, lat. 49. 21,
36. 5l ; 240 ; fresh breezes, increasing to flesh gales,
sleet and rain, north-westerly sea.
25. Wind north-westerly, lat. 50. 30, lon. 30. 56 ;
248 ; moderate gales and squally with showers, heavy sea
from S. W. at times.

26. Wind north-westerly and northerly, lat. 51. 36,
lon. 24. 4 ; 259; strong gales and heavy squalls, heavy
rain, heavy northerly sea.
27. Wind north-easterly and easterly, lat. 50. 48,
lon. 18. 4:; 228 ; hazy squalls with heavy rain, high
northerly sea.
28. Wind easterly, lat. 50. 28, lon. 12. 25; 216 ;
moderate and cloudy with squalls and showers, high
northerly swell.

29. Wind north easterly, lat. 51. 2, lon. 6. 26; 230 ;
strong breezes, squalls with rain.

Nov. 16. Passed the barque Flora of Boston, and the
ship Leone, off Sandy Hook, bound to New York, and
the ship Rhone, bound to Havre. _ .

20. Spoke the barque Ann of Plymouth, from Brig
tol to St. John's, out 65 days, mainyard sprung, all well
in lat. 23, lon. 55. 40.

23. At I. 30 A. M. , in lat. 45. 80, ion. 49.30, passed
a steamer about two miles to the northward, standing to
the westward; we burnt two blue lights, but no notice
taken of them.

24. Passed the barque Lady Kinnaird, from New
York to Liverpool, in lat. 51, lon. 30. 40.
28. Spoke the ship St. Lawrence, 21 days from
New New York to Liverpool, in lat. 50. 30, lon. 11. 50.

LIST OF TILE THIRTY-FOUR PASSENGERS.

Messrs. Elwes, Hay, A. F. Farewell, Ackroyd, and
Mrs. Ackroyd, Messrs. S. Shute, Plate, and L. Tripp,
Rev. M. Mason, Messrs. Lawrence, T. Schwann, Bradey,
T. Guis, Patterson, Coleman, Snook, Shaw, and Welles,
Miss Smith, Mr. Wainwright, Dr. Emerson, Messrs. S.
Still, Rigby, and J. W. Pommy ; Sir Lionel Smith ;
Major Warren ; Messrs. Smith, Gayane, Cuthbertson,
Roehler, Bouch ; John Rose, servant; Charles Carruel.
I am, Sir, your obedient servant,
JAMES HOSKEN.

The unanimity with which Churchmen of every
clime and every religious creed inveigh against po-
pular education, proves most conclusively that igno-
rance is supposed by divines the best bulwark of a•
modern Church Establishment. Besides Bishop
PHILPOTTS in England, and Bishop M‘HALE in
Ireland, we have Bishop TEGNER in Sweden,
shouting against the diffusion of all knowledge not
impregnated with the spirit of prelatical sectarianism.
For some time past the necessity of a general sys-
tem of popular education began to be felt in every
part of Sweden. Enlightened and far-seeing poli-
ticians discovered that ignorance was no protection
against treason nor the spread of popular disaffec-
tion to the Government, and that, although it
riveted the chains of the priest, it retarded the pro-
gress of national improvement, and abso!utely pre-
scribed the bounds of civilization. They like-
wise became aware that men might be
good subjects and good citizens without believing
in the Apostolical succession of Bishops, or re-
garding tithes as other than an iniquitous impost
perpetuated by Priests for purposes totally uncon-
nected with the diffusion of the knowledge of
Christ's kingdom. The question was at length
regularly brought before the last Swedish Diet, when
that Assembly recommended to the Government
the establishment of regular schools as one of the
first steps towards the complete amelioration of the
condition of the Swedish people. Of course the
men who had, from generation to generation, fleeced
the people for the alleged purpose of teaching them
all knowledge necessary for their temporal and
eternal happiness, were the first consulted about
the proposal of the Diet. The Bishops and their
Consistories were appealed to by the Government,
as if the wretched ignorance of their flocks, did not
render such an appeal not only preposterous, but
an insult to the common sense of man-
kind. Well, the German papers, received on
Friday night, brought us a specimen of the Episco-
pal views upon the subject, which we published in
The Sun of Saturday. But as it is possible that the
paragraph containing the deliberate opinion of
Bishop TEGNER and the Consistory of his diocese
may have been overlooked by the bulk of our
readers, we have no doubt that we shall gratify
them by quoting it again. Bishop TEGNER is not a
scribbler of virulent political pamphlets and charges,
like Bishop PIIILPOTTS ; nor of dull, prosy, rig-
marole letters to Ministers of State, like Bishop
M'HALE. Bishop TEGNER is a poet, and a man
of genius, and therefore well selected to prove the
crooked, contracting, and pernicious influence of
the clerical spirit upon the most lofty minds.
Hear, not the world-enlightening poet, but the
light-fearing Bishops', address to the Swedish Go,
vernment

" The Consistory is of opinion that the education of the
working classes should be essentially religious. Other
knowledge may not only be dispensed with, but often be
considered as injurious. Half knowledge converts the
peasant into a reader of newspapers, a country politician,
which is the worst that a peasant can become in the Diet.
That half knowledge tends to make the peasant a grum-
bler and a malcontent. It is melancholy to see in the Diet
how the Swedish peasant is altered, who in the days of his
glory looked upon it as his destination to love and to
honour God and the King. The Abendblatt is his Bible,
and talking-
politics his favourite occupation. I-k has
hardly any regard for his own business, and if he returns to
it it is only to complain of his burdens. He can talk all
kind of rigmarole about the rights of man, constitutional
liberty, and the due balance of the powers of the State,
which he has picked up from the newspapers and the jour-
nalists, who are his paid patrons. No epidemic is so
contagious as the democratic ; and those who remain at
home listen with pleasure to the liberal declamations of the
enlightened. Thus the class which ought to form the
soundest part of the nation is gradually demo ralised. To
educate and form the whole of the working classes for
such constitutional discussions in the Diet by new and
enlarged popular schools, seems to be designed by the
strange claims on
the Young Sweden now everywhere make. The Con.
popular schools which the founders of
sistory pities any society the members of which are edu •
cated from their youth in such a spirit, and have means to
maintain it."

The good Prelate's dread of half-knowledge is
amusing. He takes it for granted that no peasant,
knowing how to read, would touch a Bible, while
he could find a newspaper. But why stop at the
half-knowledge point in the education of the pea-
sant ? Why not teach him those lessons of mo-
rality, which so influence the pious lives of the
priesthood ? But the Bishop's meaning is not so
well disguised, that we cannot discover it at a
glance. By half-knowledge, he means learning
without pelf—a sense of evils which neither the
clergy nor the aristocracy are prepared to remedy,
and which an enlightened peopie Cull4tl imeitwer be

persuaded nor compelled to tolerate. The Bishop's
objections are substantially as follow :—lf you
want to maintain the present order of things,
keep the people as they are. The sum of
their duties must ever consist in toiling, pay-
ing taxes, and saying their prayers, if you wish to
maintain an army of priests for explaining a book
which every man is bound to study and explain for
himself ; and for acknowledging in you powers
and prerogatives whieh, did they comprehend them,
they would derive from themselves, instead of al-
lowing you to claim them immediately from heaven.
Educate the people, and you open their eyes to the
oppressions under which they groan ; you expose
before them the countless evils of tyranny, and you
supply them with strength to shake off their fet-
ters. As our respective orders can only exist by
the oppression of the multitude, and as the multi-
tude will only endure oppression when ignorant of
their power and their rights, leave the education of
the people to those who have so adroitly conducted
it in all ages and nations for your benefit and their
own—the Established Clergy I This is without
disguise the doctrine of Bishop TEGNER, and
the doctrine of the whole of the Ecclesi-
astical faction, Protestant and Popish, throughout
the world. To a certain extent they judge cor-
rectly. But as we neither apprehend popular de-
moralization, the decrease of Gospel knowledge,
nor the weakening of well organized systems of Re-
presentative Governments, from a decrease in the
number of Lordly Prelates consequent upon the
general enlightenment of the people, we share not
in the terrors of the Episcopal Bench.

The communication inserted in another part of
the paper was not required to convince the unpre-
judiced of the wickedness and folly of certain par-
ties in stigmatising the meeting at Exeter Hall, as
composed of " indirect enemies of Poland." The
names of Colonel STANHOPE, of the brave and
distinguished patriot DwERNICKI, and of many
others present, are a sufficient guarantee that
they would not betray such a sacred cause. It
is to be feared, however, that the great enemy
of Poland has agents at work to sow dissen-
sions among the exiles, and to make them
fight with each other, as their ancestors did
when the Three Powers dismembered the king-
dom, in order to prove to France and Eng-
land that they are still the same quarrelsome and
divided people. It therefore becomes every Pole to
guard against the snare, and to prove, as is well and
kindly expressed in the resolutions, that " there
is in reality and substance no difference
among the Poles as regards their attachment
to their cause, and their views of the rights
and prospects of the Polish people." That cer-
tainly is not to be accomplished by allying them-
selves to any political party in this country. They
are alike cherished and protected by Whigs, Tories,
and Radicals ; and every real friend of Poland must
regard it as an act of madness or something worse,
to diminish the sympathy of the public by mixing
themselves up with English politics. We cannot
imagine any of them so base and so treacherous as
to sell themselves to the man who slaughtered their
brave companions in arms—destroyed their na-
tionality—and treated their wives and daughters
worse than slaves, yet it cannot be denied that by
taking a violent part, either with Chartists or any
other political sect, they injure the sacred cause ns
effectually as by the basest treachery.
We have received a letter on the subject from a
Polish refugee, who gives his name, but we must de-
cline publishing it or any of a similar character.
It would only add fuel to the flame.

Madrid Journals of the 23d ult. were received
this morning. The Cabinet were carrying all before
them. They had removed the Captains-General of
New Castile, Andalusia, and Granada, and re-
placed them by creatures of their own, prepared to
support the retrogade and anti-constitutional system
of the Government. Bribery, threats, promises—
every engine of corrupt despotism was put in mo-
tion to secure a majority in the Cortes at the
ensuing election. In the mean time, while fear and
apprehension reigned in the capital, the state of
the army was truly deplorable. ESPARTERO'S
troops were without food, and the General himself
was compelled to retire from Las Parras to Las
Matas to obtain some supply of provisions. Th,,
troops commanded by Generals O'DONNELL anti
LEON were in a similar state of wretched destitu-
tion. But what care the miserable drivellers at
the head of the Spanish Government about the
fate of the army or of Spain ? Absolutely nothing,
provided they can maintain themselves in office, and
enjoy the fat emoluments of place.

By the arrival of the Braganza steamer at Fal-
mouth on Saturday, we have received Lisbon papers
of the 25th of November, but their contents are
unimportant. Arrived on the 24th, at Lisbon, the
Braganza, steam packet, from Gibraltar and Ca-
diz, at 7, P.m. ; the Liverpool steam packet from
London and Falmouth with the mail of the 16th
inst.. having during her passage experienced ex-
ceedingly boisterous weather, and lost two of her
crew, who fell from the yard and were killed. Bri-
tish ships of war in the Tagus—Donegal, Espoir,
and Blenheim, the latter at anchor in Paco de
Arcos Bay, for general exercise.

Exchange upon London at 30 days' sight, 56
to 56:1 pence per milrei--discount on ex-paper
money, 60 per cent.

The French Journals of Wednesday, Thursday,
Friday, and Saturday, have all been received this
morning. The Journals of Thursday and Friday,
which ought to have reached us early or. Saturday,
were delayed in consequence of the fog. The ex-
plosion of another infernal machine in Paris on
Thursday evening, fortunately without injury to
hnman life, has excited a great stir in the previ-
ously dull capital of the fashionable and excitement-
loving world. We copy the details of this affair
from the Journals before us
ANOTHER INFERNAL MACHINE.
(From the Moniteur of Saturday.)
On Thursday evening, about eight o'clock, a loud
explosion was heard in the Palais Royal ; it was found
to be occasioned by a huge cartridge, containing a large
number of bullets, which had just exploded in the Rue
Montpensier, before the Passage Potier. Several win-
dows of the neighbouring houses were broken, and a
wall was thrown down.

—Upwards of 50 bullets were picked up in the street,
and a large sheet of paper, which probably contained
the powder. By a most fortunate chance, no person
happened to be passing at the moment through this
usually frequented spot, and this new infernal machine
did not attain the murderous object of its diabolical
constructor. The author of this abominable attempt
still remains undiscovered.

(From the Gazette des Tribunaux.)
The cartridges are thus constructed : I lb. of powder
is strongly wrapped up and bound round with string
and thick paper. Round this packed is then wound a
coat of tarred hemp, in which is placed a large number
of bullets ; this is again tarred all over and placed in a
canvass bag. A match communicating with the powder,
which is in the middle of the cartridge, protrudes
through the orifice of the sack, which is strongly
fastened.

Experiments which have been made on these
cartridges have been, as we said before, attended with
results simi.ar to those experienced in the Rue Mont-
pensier.

M. Zangiacomi, Juge d'lnstruction, and one of the
substitutes of the Procureur du Roi, has minutely in-
spected the premises, but at present no discovery has
been made.

(From the Conzmerce.)
The diabolical petard, whose explosion has made. so
much noise in Paris, has left no traces of its manufac-
turers.

A woman declares that she saw a man of about thirty
years of age, decently dressed, walking up and down
before the place, as if watching for a favourable oppor-
tunity to carry his dangerous design into execution. At
length she saw him go through the passage leading to
the Cafe des Mille Colonne, and the explosion took
place almost instantly. • _

lu audition to this ailair ul the ififetnai

THE FUNDS.
The Great Western steamer which has been an-
xiously looked for, has arrived from New York, sailed
on the 16th ult. The mercantile accounts she brings are
of a more favourable nature than was anticipated. The
United States Bank Shares have improved to 70,
they had previously reached 73. The New York Bank,
and that of Boston continued specie payments ; it Was
also expected that several other banks in the
United States would resume specie payments.
The Exchange on England was from 8 to Bi. The
only disappointment to the merchants is that she has
not brought any specie, but plenty of bills, some of
which are on France and Holland, which will have an
effect on the Foreign Exchanges to-morrow, when, no
doubt, they will be negotiated. For further particulars
and extracts from the American papers we refer our
readers to another part of the paper.
Consols opened this morning at 901 -I. for Money,
and 911 i for the Account, with little doing as yet.
Exchequer Bills, 4 2 dis. ; Bank Stock, 178 179 ;
Spanish Active, 24i i ; Portuguese, 32. i ; Three per
Cents., 221 ; Brazilian, 701 ;11 ; Belgian. 1001 101 i ;
Colombian, 291
2 30 ; Mexican,
and-a-Half per Cents., 521 ~r. i Fic,tv9e-ip.e.ir ; Belgian.
h9sTiv;-.
PRICES OF STOCKS Tlirs D AY AT ONE O'CLOCN.
Bank Stock... ; 952%
3 per Cent. Red. . . •''''''''''''
170' ind.;a Stock '' ................ .. -
..,
3 per Cent. Cons. ................ 9(1% Di" - °l'. 5t0ck............
3!i, per Cent ......... As - 9U‘ , SGuth St..' *5........
Ditto Red, .................... ....- Old Annul, le ..........
New :34 per d ....... ............ ‘'it 8% New Ditto ...
New 5 per Cent 99%% 3 per Cent. Ann. ‘ .
Bank LongAnnuitie- t ' Exch. Bills, .£l,oou. „,
Jan. $, 1860 b °expire Ditto 5°Cl ""
13% 11-16 Ditto Small
Oct. 1(1, 1859 ••
Ditto Commercial -
hu. 5, 1590 - ? Ditto Advertised ...... -
J3tl. 5, 18140. - , f 3,1.1.: Stock for Account . , -
A prit 5, 114,10 . ---- T.'.:,., St-,,..k. ior ,N,,',.,-;:.:! „. ---. !
Jas. 5. 1870 --I Conies for Account...," 011 i% 1

000000000000000000 --
,ities. 1751 --
' 4 2 dis.
4 5 dis.
2 die.

4,4 •
1,,-)11iON
N
1 14\
Ur

PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE Lam'A
nstriati I:onus — Peruvian Bonds., .............
Belgian roads
Ditto Account
.. .32%
Drazinan Bends

-.1 v.

Ditto A.cconot - ---
-
Ditto Account
Buensi's Ayes Bones
Ditto ..;.;',Vi in
Chilian Bonds • Prussian Bonds ...............
D.tto Account ... — Russian bonds, Pit: ....... ...
Columbian Bonds
Dim, Account ...... . — Ditto Metallic... .......... .- .. 5
Columbi,l Thlrls, 1.2-1..
In Account .... `.!i4li, •''' Ditto Account ... :2,1.4 54% %;
Danish i3oz.ilL
Ditto Account
Greek Bonds— - : French, 5 per cent....... —f. —c.
Thar; Bonds, P:O5 '— —4, per cent. ...... —f. —c.
Ditto Account - , 3 per cent. ...... --f. —r.
Mexican Bonds, 1.)
5 per Cant. 0% - Exchange. ...... * ^—c.
Ditto :,ccotint
Ditto, #i per Cent.
qo Account
Neapolitan ---. Ditto Accaunt......... ...... 98%
Di
- Ditto, 5 per cent ...... ..98%,,ri li
eIiIOES OF
l'a;e.,N Per Sbare.
_
Great Western Pailway Company... ......... ..... i'tE.
ti ' 13'
Ditto New
.... ..
Brighton Railway
Londrin and 131,tck
.-.wa,l n.anw.4 7 —
13 ' 11
' 16
National Ban of Ireland . 17%
HALF. PAS. 7 ONE:
The Braganza steamer Ittn•s arrived with the Lisbc e
mail, left Gibraltar on the 2!st ult., Cadiz 22d ult.,
Lisbon 25th ult. The intelligence from Lisbon states;
that two more notes had passed between Lord Howara'
tie Walden and the Baron Sabrcoa, the former states
that the British Government had not confirmed the
convention entered into in regard to th,c Slave Trade,
by Lieutenant Miller, who commanded (In the coast of
Africa, and the Governor-General of Aogol on the
29th of May last. The Baron in his repiy confirmed
that convention as a proof of their desire to dt.,
all i n t
power for the abolition of slavery, renews that protheeir
st
made by the Portuguese Minister in London against
the right claimed by England to capture par.
tuguese vessels, by virtue of an Act of the Bri-
c°
tish Parliament. In other respects the intellige
from Lisbon is not of impGrtance, although tb
Portuguese Stock has improved t.liis morning, owing to
a report that a change in the Ministry is expected to
take place.
Consols have improved since the early part of th e
morning, and have reached 91 for Money, at pre-
sent 90i ; for the Account they remain steady. at
9li- 41, with little doing ; Exchequer Bills,
Bank S;.ock, 179 ; India Stock, 2524,
In the Foreign Market, the chief business doing is
in Spanish and Portuguese Stocks ; the former basal'!"
proved to 25, and the latter to 33 ; Three per Cents,
22,1 ; Brazilian nothing done ; Colombian, s°l ;
Mexican, 2311- ; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per
Cents.,
nothing done ; Five per Cents., 981.
No further arrivals or reports to communicate.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)
CORN EXCHANGE.
The supply of English eat was moderate this morning, an
the condition generally affect& by the damp weather, whitth pre-
vented our realising prices cpite equal to last Mondays a"
rency. Old English and free fo:eign are unaltered
but the sales of the latter are t,o a limited extent.
Pje
malting barley is ls. dearer, other sorts remain the same.
of all sorts are without alteration in value. New beans ore '-
and old is to 2s cheaper. Old oats sal on about the onni
terms. New Irish are ls. lower.
ARRIVALS O' GRAIN IN LONDON DURING LAST viral"
Wheat. Barley. • ' ors
English ..... 4,1346 qrs. 4,777 ~rs. 4 6P7,:ts 5,10 $
Irish
Foreign
3,150 6,0'
SMITHFIELMT.
There was an average supply of A
CattleßKEat Market, butane
unsettled state of the weather occasioned the trade to be
with a general decline in pricesof about 2d. per stone. Mutton
fully maintained last Monday's prices, with a fair trade. veal
and Pork in less request. Price per stone of 81b. sinking
ss• • Veal,
offal :-Beef, 3s. 2d. to 4s. 4d. ; Mutton, 4s. to • ' t
4s. 2d. to ss. 2d. ; Pork, 4s. to 4s. 10d. Head of Cat::
Market :-Beasts 4,013, Sheep 22,670, Calves 97, Pigs
BILLINGSGATE MARKET. , much
The supplies were good and the demand brisk : Cod 2s. 6d.
iC E-
the same as on Saturday. Turbot ss. to .205. ;A pr
to 3s. 64. ;
to 12s. ; Soles 6d. to 3s. per pair ; Lobsters 9-- d and
Oysters 12s. to 40s. per bushel; Whiting
sd. to 10 • ;
Haddocks 6d. to ls. 6d.
PROVISION MARKET. rket.
There was a great amount of business done in this maßacon
and prices for the most part were as last quoted. Irish
525. and 555. for good sizes' middles ; Irish Butter, 885. t°
945. ; Lard merely nominal. In other commodities nothing
particular to notice.
HOP MARKET.
Prices were fully supported, and the ma rket -was brisk. The
official duty having proved so much less t ban expected, there
is more amfidenee in the trade. Kent poe.kets .58s.
Choice ditt-o, 84s. to 1255. ;Sussex pockets 50s. to 60s. per
cwt.
SEED MARKET.
The arrivals haVe been but moderate, both of English
Foreign. Nothing done in any description wor th notice. Lin-
seed was quoted at 3;35. to 425. per quarter, and Rape Seed
at 301. per last.
TALLOW MARKET.
This description of busine.'s was quiet, and the price was 475.
6d. to 475. 9d. per cwt. for Y. C. _ The Stock is 32,000 eks•

TEA SALE
At the London Commercial Sale-rooms,
monthly public sale of Tea commenced. Th e amount There
oars
consisted of 3,588,0151b5. of various des( •riptions. r.
was not only a good attendance of the trade, but numberlfil
persons in other departments of commerce were present. .
Market was in a feverish state, and higher pr. lees were ob-
tained. tained. No certain quotations can be given owi, tlg to soroo
the holders not being willing to sell it at any of the prices
ready quoted, and very little has been sold. Zincing" lane, the
T

CHANCERY COURT.-•(THIS PA'Y•

FAULKNER V. DANIEL.
The LORD CHANCELLOR was occupied the whole
morning with an appeal motion in this ease. 4hich re-
f
lated to accounts of certain mortgages. The facts o
the case did not possess the slightest interest.

VICE-CHANCERY.--(THIS DA Y.)

. _
-e.
This being the first teal alter Michaelmas Teri% the
Court took motions to-day.

NEWLAND 2/. HOLMES.
Mr. JACOB (with whom was)lr. Bethel') applied in
this case to dissolve an injunction which his Honour
granted the other day ex parte, upon the application
of
Mr. James Russell. The injunction granted ret drained
the defndant from taking out execution upon certain
household furniture and other property belonring to
the wife of the plaintiff. The lady, under her fa-
ther's will, previous to marrying the plainr
tiff, became possessed of certain leasehold ,houses
in West-square, together with the furnitut e in
one of them, and also to a sum of 6,0001. in the fonds.
On her marriage with the plaintiff, in 1833, they took
up their residence in one of the houses belonging to the
lady, and the defendant, Mr. Holmes, also resided 10
West-square. Sometime since the plaintiff, conceiving"
that a stable in the occupation of the defendant was
port of the property devised to his wife by the father's
will, proceeded to take possession of it, by
taking off the roof. The defendant for this
brough t an action of trespass against him, and ob-
tained 2eo/. damages ; to recover which the defendant.
threatened to take out execution against the g
the wife, andoods ot
object of the
to restrain him from duing which was t?e
solved. The Lea.-ned Counse; contended that the
mustis
.inction that was now sought to be d.
junction could not stand, inasmuch as the PrVer.tY h
be considered to be that:. of the husband, the wife se.
ing by her marriage given the whole•
to him. ithout calling
that she possess d

His Honour thr VICE-CHANCELLOR r
upon Mr. K. Bruce and Mr. James St-ussemil:thi: anro
peared to support the injunctiou, ordered tl:‘e4issolve the
be dismissed with costs, thereby refusing to

injunction.
Injunction continued.
.)
ROLLS' COURT.—(THIS DJ'- '
s
--ie.--
The MASTER of the ROLLS resumed sitt, ngd
his
this morning in the Rolls' Court, Chancery-lane' aki
heard motions.

BURRELL V. CAREW•
The bill in this case was filed by
Sir Chas. ho
for an account against the defendant. Mr. Carew, I'
had been in the employ of the late Earl of Egremant•
The case merely came before the Court upon a al'
tion by Mr. PEMBERTON, on behalf of the pla►ntiff be
the production of certain documents admitted by the
defendant in his answer to be in his poi-session• .ff
As the defendant did not appear, told the plaint',
produced an affidavit of service, the order was Burrell,
according to the terms of the notice of illation.
grata'

Mr. PEMBERTON moved •that the defendant, MITCHELL V. WOOLLETT.
might be ordered to ply into Court the suns of 7Ti.l;
being the balance of his purchase-money for the prop
mentioned. in the pleadings. The bill was filed for ,tl3e
ale performance of an agreement entered into by t'fe
defendant with the plaintiff for the purchase of cortal:
eopyhold property West Ham. The property:cll.
put up for auction, but was not sold on that occasiella
and on the 30th July, 1838, the defendant contracts
for
.the purchase of it at the sum of 8001., and paid a de'
posit of 1001., accordii.g to the terms of the agreeme.ot•
An abstract of the title was furnished to him ; °Nee"
tions were made to the title which were answered by
the plaintiff, and the defendant ultimately took es'
session of the property, and still continued in possession!,
Woollett,
but the plaintiff was unable to procure the balance of
the purchase-money.—Order granted.

SUICIDE.—This morning, between one and two
o'clock, Henry Herbert, a young man of respectable
connections, and who was assistant to Mr. Marsh
et
all,
the proprietor of the Rising Sun Tavern, Somers-plec
New-road, St. Pancras, expired at University College
Hospital, from the effects of having discharged a pocket
pistol loaded wiLli ball into his mouth, which he did
with the intention of terminating his existence. It ap-
pears that the deceased had been in a low and despond:
ins state of mind for some time past, in consequence ot
his being rejected as a suitor by a female in a better
station of life than himself.
DETENTION OF THE MAILS.—This morning,
the principal part of the western and northern mails did
not arrive at the General Post Office, for nearly four
hours beyond their usual time; the detention was occa-
sioned by the immense floods, and dangerous travelling.
FIRE.--Early on Saturday morning, the pre..
mises of Mr. Child, a tallow chandler, at Earl's-court,
T` rnr fof the dr: iog-room ig
K destroyed.Teilnygte
