DENNIS LAMBERT R&M'OitrD.

BARON GEOROP, previou. to pimping Aentence an
Reit/P.6'd, addressed the: Prisoner to the following

D nnis Lambert -Red 'ond, the ease of High
Treason on which you have been tried, has been
established against you by evidence the• most saris.
factory. Indeed your own declaration at this mo-
ment :thews that you were. guilty of the offzuce of
which you stand convicted. You have admitted
(hat ytiii were in the employment of-the Provisional
Government, having, Ahrown down the allegiance
,vhich you owed to your King and Country.- It is
highly Lonentable, thae,before you entered esn an en.
terprize destruCtive and so daring, that you did
not. ref t& A little on the consequences I that you
did not take into consideration all the horrid gristles
which must have been committed before your hopes
could be realised; crimes of all, others the most
odious in the sight of God, and of all God's crea.
tures. .Nor think that you can make any distine.
tion favourable to yourself in the division of of.
fence ; fur every. crime committed on' the, dreadful
night of the z3d of July last, must lie upon the
heads of the Provisional Government, whoever they
are, and upon the heads pf -those agents who. enter.
ed into their wicked services. And could any thing
shew more, clearly the anger of Providence, than the
circumstances attending :your escape from justice,
and your apprehension ? You embarked in a ves.
eel to leave the Country, but He, whom- the winds
and seas obey, forbad your flight, and brought you
back to those shores where,.your crime was corn.
mitred, and where atonement was doe. •Was there
ever a case since the beginning of the ororld wherein
the interference of Divioe Providence was =lye
palpable ? What was the design of the Provisional
Government i To declare Ireland an Independent
Republic, and to sever it from Great Britain I If,
' indeed, they sincerely entertained such a notion,
• they must be fools, and entirely insensible to the
difficulties anti disadvantages of such a scheme.—
Surely, there is no man of common understanding,
anti at all acquainted with the excellency of the Brt.
tish constitution, who dues not know that, it fir
surpasses any Republic, or any simple form of Go-
vernment in the world. 2,Every man who asserts
the reverse has been again and again-refuted fifty
times over ; and any man with i knowledge of
history, and who has had a liberal education, which
appears not to, have been your good fortune, would
never compare the British Constitution with that
of-Any other country. Bin what monstrous igno.
rance and infituation must possess the man who is
able to read a newspaper, and could believe that
Ireland, separsted from. England, could retain her
independence ? If once severed front- that land of
freedom, and that race of freemen, mint she nut of
necessity become subjugated to the most abandoned
and abjedt slavery that ever disgraced the human
form ?- In Turkey, or any of the Eastern. Countues,
where can there be found 'slave* so degraded as in
France.? And could any but madmen, for a'single
moment entertain the projea of relinquishing Bri-
'44! freedom and British connexion for so vile and
hard a destiny ? Could the practicability of such
a measure have seriously entered the heads of any
set of men, low could they have abandoned them.
selves to .the base eteaion, or their couurry to the
miserable fate of separating from the freest and
happiest people that ever illustrated the dignity of
human nature, to conned themselves with the
slaves of a Corsican Usurper? How could reason
so err 1 But though you could have brilken that
protul and honourable connexion, which Y trust in
GA, will continue, indissoluble, until men, and na.
:ions, and time-shall be no more, see what dread.
ful means you must have used .what- arrogance, in
design- .what cruelty and horrid crime in -the exc.
cution I No attempt is matte by argument to con.
vinee the reason and induce the co-operation of
sots Countrymen ; but a number of weapons are
secretly hoarded up—ldund is the first thing in the
contemplation of your purpose---the rabbit., of the
country are invites! to take arms, and to fall with
savage rage upon the civilized, informed, and vir.
mons part of society. Was ever-such .wicktdeess,
such abandoned and sanguinary wickedness, heard
ol ? How could freedom, or any principle condueive
to the happiness of man, spring orit of such means ?
Had your schemes been even fornied by wisdom,
and calculated for the most salutary operation on
the happineis and prosperity' of your country, what
right• has arty man to arm himself against. the life
of Isis fellow..citizen, because the latter prefers in
live under an established and rational Government;,
dispensing blessings to him and to hie fellow-sub.
jr:ts ? What unaccountable arrogance, cruelty, anti
injustice in the individital, and what unspeakable
calamity to the public, ,if every, visionary in pH_
tics is to start up at pleasure and prescribe his form
of Government by force of arms I Was -any thing
ever heard so horribly revoking to the feelings of
humanity and the didatei of reason ? Whatevei
your education may Lave been, your own reason
must have ,hewn you that the vengeance.olCiod
must beparticolarly denounced against, conspiracy,
because of the magnitude of those crimes which it
necessarily embraces. You must have counted on
thousands of murders before you could have of tried
your purpose—and the most dreadful inassaeres—the
most indiscriminate havoc of their quiet and Una..
fending countrymen must have been consequences
familiar to the minds of those who could form a plan
of this kind

so .Young man, you have•now been a long time
in gaol—you -have had much dine for ratcetion
during the period you have been in the handl vii
the law, many unliappy'vietims have fallen beneath.
its justice; you!have heard them going out to eke-
cotton, .wieh the general consent of the Public—
riut uvular regret attending their fate,,bot
son, vsttutt, and religion deriving oofidesice arid
security from •their punishment you witnessed all
skin examples passing under your eyes--e voice
of justice', vindicating the hapeinesa of 'Society,;
was every, moment reaching, your tats-.yet only,
.think, :young man, how wrongly you have cop.
fitted yourself. • The law allowed.you pens, ini:4
and paper, to instruit your. Counsel,. and that poi
might derive eviery fair assistance from their 4,l„ke'ii:
