HAMBURGH, Nov. i :.—A Nlilitar) Commission,
established at Cuxhaven, uy the order Gs the King of
Westphalia, has tried five persons acctl?.ed of crimp-
ing for the English. Two have been condemned to
deal), and three acquittid.
The spouse of Prince Christian of Denmark,
daughter of the reigning Duke of Mecklenborgh
Schwerin, has arrived at Aitona from Copenhagen,
accompanied by some Ladies of her Court, and the
Count de Holstein, her Chamberlain. It is sad
that this Princess will retire to Mecklenburgh.

The private property of the late King orSweden,
comprehending the Castle of Hag', is valued at
900,000 rix-dollars.
STUTGARD, NoN. 13.--Gen. Lagrange having in-
formed Lieui.-Gen de Kosevitz that the Voralberg
has entirely submitted, with the exception of a small
band that wanders on Mount Adterberg, the King of
Wurtemburgh has given orders to his troops to eva-
cuate that country, and to return to their ordinary
garrisons.

GEROLSA.—(FROM THE MaNITEUR.)
PARIS, Nov. 18,—Gerona had prolonged its re-
sistance with an obstinacy that fanaticism alone could
inspire, even up to the moment when our artillery
could begin to establish batteries in breach against
the body of the place. At this period there was rea-
son to hope that the last obstacles would be speedily
overcome, and that a few days would be sufficient for
penetrating into the city itself, where famine was
already severely felt. This last circumstance alone

would have been able to bring back the greater part
of the inhabitants to sentiments of moderatiOn— It
was desitable to have been able to avert from this

unfortunate city the inevitable horrors of a general
assault, and every effort was wade to render the
blockade straiter every day, when General Blake,
commanding the insurgents in Catalonia, attempted
to convey supplies into the place. It being out of his
poWer to hazard a battle for the fo; cible deliverance
of Gerona, he made use of a stratagem, and at last
found means to accomplish his object. General St.
Cyr commanding the corps of observation destined
to coer the siege; on the 30th of August he was
attacked by troops which advanced from Brunnola
against the division of Suuliatu. This attack, though,
repulsed, having been supported by fresh troops,
General St. Cyr supposed that the enemy designed

to hazard a battle, and thought it necessary to
strengthen hiinseif with all his disposable troops.
He colletted fur this purpose even those that were

. .
conducting the siege, leaving loose only that were
indispensable for protecting the works, and General
Verdier put himseit in line with the aitny of General
St. Cyr. During these transactions 4000 of the
enemy's in!antry, with 500 horse, under the orders
of General Garcia Conde, escorting a convoy of 1000
or 1500 mules, Wreded their march towards the

fortress ; and meeting, in their advance, only a
weak corps of Neapolitan troops of the division
Lechi, it was not difficult for the convoy to make
good its entrance into Gerona, the garrison of Which,
reinforced in men, provisions, and warlike stores,
found itself in a situation to contend with advantage
against troops fatigued, diMinished by disease, and
suffering from the want of subsistence, in a country
absolutely ruined. The operations of the siege. were ,
from that time carried on but feebly, and it . was at
last resolved to change it into a blockade. Sodn
after General Gouvion St. Cyr, who must have felt
that his position became every day more difficult,
by the advantages which his false mantr,uvres had
given the enemy, solicited his recall, which the bad
state of his health had rendered doubly necessary.
He was replaced in the command of the 7th corps
by the Marshal Duke of Castiglione, who made-no
delay in adopting all the necessary measures for re-
suming the otlensive against the.* enemy.—.—
General Blake was encamped on the heights of
Brunnola, when the Duke resolved to.al tack him on

the 49th of October ; but Blake having decamped
on the night of the 28th, took up 'a position on the
heights of Santa Coloma and Santa Hasia. Gen.
Souharn then received orders to attack him in this
position; and the 'following is the account of the re-
sult of that affair, which the General gives to the
Duke of Castiglione :--
CAMP AT- BASCANO, NOV. 1.--,-COUfOralably to
the orders of your Excellency, I set out this morn-
ing at four o'clock, with eight battalions, and three
squadrons, to attack the enemy's division of 3000
men, and 400 horse, of-the corps of Blake, all of
them Walloon Guards, regiments, or ,grena-
diers. I found the enemy, entrenched in St. Colotim,
where they bad tortified.all the houses. They had
also troops posted upon the -heights behind a large
ravine. I ordered Espert to pass the bank, with a
battalion of the 42d regiment, between Ricu de
Reims, and the pOsition of the insurgents, for the
purpose of turtling their right, and gaining • the
heights, while the third battalion of the same regi-
ment, and the fourth of the third light infantry,
mattlied to cro*s'the ravine at the height of Farnes,
to endeavour to turn the enemy by his left. Geo.
Durnoulin'tiad orders to carry Santa Coloma by the
bayonet, With three battalions of the first ligh: in-
fantry, supported by three squadrons. of dragoons.-=-
All these orders hay, been well executed; after
three hours of very brisk fire of musketry, the ene-
; tny was dislodged from all his positions, and com-
pletely put to the rout.
This corps has only owed its preservation to the
insurmountable. difficulties presented; by the moun-
tains, in which they .took refuge. All its camps
were burned, its baggage taken ; IGO horses, of its
cavalry have been ,taken or killed; 300 prisoners
have been taken, ot which there are three Lieute-
nant-Colonels; in short, there have been more than
2000 men killed and wounded, and they retreated
in the greatest disorder towards St. Hilari, where
the remains of Blake's corps are.
The bravery of the troops in this altir is beyond
all eulogium—Generals, Officers, and soldiers, all
have rivalled each other in courage, and have co-
vered themselves with glory; I beg Your Excel-
lency will have the goodness to. recommend them to
the favour of his Majesty.
(Signed)

SOUIIAM.

The expedition lately fitted out by the Dutch at
Batavia, against the coast. of Borneo, has miscarried.
Several of the transports with troops were sunk
among the rocks, on approaching the shore, and the
men on board others pnly escaped the fury of the
waves to fall into the hands of the enemy, by whom
they have.been rut into slavery.

MALAGA, OCT. 31.—A Gentlernan, yesterday ar-
rived from Vinavos, states, that on the 25th instant,
a Courier passed through test place on his way to
Valencia, with the pleasing intelligence that Gyi
being reduced to the utmost extremity f of
provisions, 3000 men of the garrison r. o 1 rci to
leave the place, with a firm determination to attack
the enemy ; and, being joined by 8000 men .4 Ge-
neral Blake's army, they obtained the most glorious
triumph ; defeated and dispersed the enemi in such
a manner, that the remains of the besieging army
were compelled to take refuge in St. Ferdinabdo ;
in consequence of which, abundant supplies were
thrown into the town.

The army of La Mancha is stated to amount in
the whole to 50,000 foot, and 8000 horse. On

the 18th, at night, General Coupigny joined that

army ; and it is said that he is to' assume the com-
mand Mehiet.
From the movements and dispositions which are
.observed in both armies, it would appear that a ge-
neral attack will soon take place. The enemy, how-

ever may not perhaps expect an engagement and his
numerous marches, counter-marches, and evolutions,
may not perhaps have any other objet, than to
cloak and cover a general retreat.
CoßDov A, Nov. 30.—Our army of La Mancha
is advancing against the enemy without meeting
with any opposition ; the advanced parties are al-

ready in Damiel. Extraordinary movernenti are al-
reedy observed in the French army ; and every thing

seems to announce, that we are on the eve of

portant events.

TRuxmLo, Nov. 9.—A Courier, who yesterday
passed through this place from 'La Mancha, brought
intelligence that the head-quarters of the army of
that province have been transferred to Damiel, where
they still were on the above du.
CADiZ, Nov. 7.—The latest accounts from Ma-
drid induce us to believe, that it is the emerny's

tention to colleel a considerable force in 'Valladolid,

in order to render the exertions of the rinny of the

Duke del Parque useless. They write from Estra-
madura, that Mortier is with 6000 men in Talavera;
and Soult is at Oropesa, from whose division 4000
foot have lately been detached to Castile, with eight
pieces of ordnance.
ENVIRONS OF GERONA, OCT. f22.—We are fight-
ing at all points. Hitherto complete success has at-
tended our efforts, and we hope it will continue.
The French have been completely defeated, and
a great number of Poles and Napolitans have de-
serted over to our banners.

Vices, OCT. 24.—The day before yesterday ar-
rived in this city 80 French prisoners, taken in the
late actions which took place iti Janqueira, in which
our armed peasants, under the command of Claros,
and- Rovina, behaved with great spirit and gallantry,
and pursued the enemy within cannon shot of Belle.
garde. •

LISBON, Nov. 20.—The Spanish Papers received
yesterday, do not contain any accounts of advantages
obtained either by the Spanish or French armies;
nor do they mention any military movements from
which decisive results might be expected. Marshal
Beresford has ordered all the Officers absent on leave
immediately to rejoin their different corpa.
The following is a brief abstraet of the last ac-
counts received.from Spain. The army of La Man.
cha is advancing towards the Tagus, and near Ye-
rencia General Ft-ere attacked and defeated a corps of
French horse. Ten thousand French troops have left
Madrid for 'Old Castile, and with this reinforcement
they advanced against Salamanca, from which place
the Doke' .del Parqne fell back on the sth of this
month, for the purpose of making, a diversion in
favour. of the Spanish army of La Mancha and of the
corpS commanded by General Garcia, who is threa-
tening Leon from the North, and with a view of
taking.up a mere advantageous position. The Duke
of Albuquerque commands the army of Estrema-
dura. Marshal General Wellesley returned to Ba-
dajoz on the 12th inst. King Joseph has proceeded
to Valladolid.
LOON, OCT: 23.—D01l Francisco de Heria, Co-
106e1 of the regiment of infantry of Castile, in a
dispatch to Brigadier General Don Juan Dian Per-
tier, dated the 21st, states, that having advanced
with his regiment, on the 14th, to the town of Gra-
dales, 130 French dragoons presented themselves,
Who-were entirely defeated, and pursued to the dis-
tance of two leagues by two companies, under the
commandof the said Colonel ; and having, to
--prove his
his position, passed to . the village of Nava,
chitant about . a quarter of a league tram the said
town; The enemy appeared again on the 15th,
16th, and tt in parties of 200, 350, and even
400 dragoons, but 'were always bravely repulsed by
various prties of his corps, and of the company of
cavalry of Captain Don Bartolome Amor. The
enemy not presenting theinSeives on the I sth, as he
knew there •was a few of tln in the town of Man-
silla de las Mulas, he resolved to attack them, and
for that purpose sent in the night 200 men under the
command of Don Nicholas skrquellas'; - but having
learned; when he had proceed half way, that the
French who left Mansilla had returned thither, they
stopped'at Rueda till the 9th, in the morning, when
the enemy, making their appearance, were defeated
and .put to flight. The loss of the enemy in these
affairs was, as we have been assured by some of the
inhabitants of Mansilla, two Officers and nine dia-
goorts killed, 28 wounded, and 50 horses rendered
useless.

Two persons were executed last month at Bam-
berg, for having attempted, a short time since, to
assassinate the Duke of Abrantes, while passing
through That city. The Duke had, it is said, se-
duced the wife of the one, and the sister of the ether.
Saturday as
.Mr. Ward, horse-dealer, was exer-
cising four young horses in his sociable-break, near
St. James's-Street,'They suddenly took fright ; nei-
ther the skill. nor :The power of the driver could
check them. , They ran the carriage against the post
at the corner with "such 'violence, that the hind
wheel was shattered to pieces; they then caught the
post at the corner of Arlington-street. The -shock.
"was so tremendous, that Mr. Ward was thrown from
the box, and his leg broken. Five of his children in
the sociable were dashed up(tl the stones with such
violence, that their instant des; ruaion was appre:
hended by.every speaator. One was taken up ap-
parently lifeless, the others most seriously hurt. Toe
whole of the carriage was broken to atoms; even
• the iron-work was torn from the wheels.

BOW-STREET.—On Saturday mornirw the young
man who was taken out of the-pit of Covent-garden
1 ieatre, on 'riday ni;ht, to Covent-garden watQ.-
house, was from thence in custody of the
cw,stable of the:n ght. He cot-binned noddin.,„
winking, end from the time of his entering
the office .611 he left it. The following curious ex-
arnit;?.l:on took placr..!
The Clerk to t h P;isoner—" What is your name"
Prisoner—" 'awes Mummy."
Cierk—" W1;111 are you ?"
Prsbner—" That 4'o° matter."
Mr. GRAHAM, the Sitting Magistrate, ) Pri,o-
ner—" Do you not consider yourself in toe pit of
Covent-garden Theatre ?"
Prisoner—" I do no:."
Clerk —" Where do you live ?"
Prisoner—" Here."
Clerk—" Where do you reside ?"
Prisoner—" I did live in Argyle-street."
Mr. GRA.HAN---" Do not tell us where you riid :e-
-side, but where your resicler‘ce is now."
Prisoner---" 1 do not not think it a fair question,
therefore shall not answer it."
Clerk—" What are you i"
Prisoner—" A man l"
Clerk—" You are a very rude man."
Mr. GRAHAM.----" You are touch mistaken. ]f) t u
think this kind of rude behaviour can do pro y
good:"

Prisoner—" I am not rude."
Mr. GRAHAM dire6ted the Clerk to take the ta: me
he had given, and to enter that ho bad re theu to
tell who he was, what he was, or where he iive
The examination then proceeded.
Mr. James Brandon said, that on Friday night,
during the performance of the fourth att of the play,
he observed the Prisoner in the pit oX Covent-gar-
den Theatre, standing upon one of the benches,
hooting, hissing, brandishing a large stick, a •d in-
sulting the corriply in the boxes by words and qci-
lions, but be was not near enough to hear what ho
sold. ~it continued :that conduct for some time,
which tended to exci:e a great disturbance in the pit,
previous to which the audience had remained quiet.
At the back part •of his hat he had a square piece of
paper—there appeared to be SOMelhiug written on it,
but what ii was he could not di,Aner, but he be-
lieved it to be 0. P. It had the etfi.tCt 0: greatly in-
creasing the noise and disturbance, ‘A hen he desired
Taunton and Smith, the patrole, to take i
into
custody, and he was taken to the wa(ch-tiouse..
Tire prisoner cross-examined Mr. Brandon.
He asked him how he knew he was hooting and
hissing, as he was not near him ?'
Mr. Brandon replied, he had no.doubt of it from
the motion of his mouth, and his attit nde.
He asked Mr. Brandon how he knew he was in-
sulting the company in the boxes ?
Mr. Brandon said, he could see he was talking to
the company in the boxes., and he had no doubty.
from his conclud, but he Was insulting them.
.. He asked if Mr. Brandon could see what he said ?

To which Mr. Bi'andon made no repiy.

William Smith, one
.of the parole said, that by
desire of Mr. Brandon he went into the pit of Co-
Vent-garden on Friday night, during the perform-
ance of the last aCt of the play, at which tune there
was a great.noise nd diSturbance there. He found
the Prisoner standing upon two seats, brandishing a
large stick, wilich he took hum him. At that time
the Prisoner bad an 0. P. piper in the front of his
hat, which he took from him, and another paper in
the back of his hat. He took hen into custo:l, and
conveyed him out of the pit.
The Prisoner ackno'cledged having, an 0. P. in
in his hat, and said it was made of pasteboard. He
denied brandishing his stick in a menacing way, but
said, that the attitude he held it in was a mere mat-
ter of chance. .
William Galiffe, of Duke-street, St. James's con-
firmed Mr. Brandon's statement and said, that he
observed the Prisoner particularly active in the dis-
turbances last Monday night, in the pit of Covent-
garden theatre, by exhibiting several placards, blan-
dishing his stick as he stood upon the seats, and ex-
citing, and risking a great noise and tumul: in van
rious ways.
The Prisoner denied being at the Theatre on
Mon&y.
Mr. GaAHAm told him, he .had heard the charge
against him, and he should call him tor
The Prisoner denied time charge, so far ai retied
to making a disturbance. He asked what ball
would be required.
Mr. GRAHAM told him, lie should expett two
very good bail, but unless he told who and what he
was, he would not take bail.

UNION-HALL. Saturday a .respeBable looking
man was charged with assaulting the waiter at an
inn, in High•:street in the Borough. It was stated,
in evidence, that the Defendant went to the inn late
on Friday evening to enquire. for a bed, and-desired
to be shewn to his room. .It appeared, that he had
-been making large libations to Bacchus during the
evening, and no sooner did the Defendant behold
the face of Betty! the chambermaid, a beautiful vir-
gin on the wrong- side of fif4y, than he proceeded to
declare his love for her in terms, the violence of
which left occ'alar proofs of the strength of his pas-
sion on poor Betty's. person. Betty, however, rot
approving the strong marks of at Lion which the
Defendant bestowed upon her, called loudly for ,ome
valorous champion to assist -her; one speedily ap-
peared in the person of the Plamtiff, who, though
not until he had received several grievous wounds on
the face, which appeared in the likeness of scratches,
succeeded in vanquishing the defendant: This un-
• fortunate vi6tim of love and wine was conveyed to
the watch4house, and finally was brought before the
Magistrate, when he was ordered to had bail to an-
swer the complaint at the Sessions.

On Saturday morning early the house of Messrs.
MILLER, SETTLE, and GARMESON, wholesale jew-
ellers, in Wine-Office-court, Fleet-street, was broken
open, and robbed of property to a very consickrable
amount. The villains contrived to cut a hole in the
kitchen window, by which means they got access
l® the warehouse, which they plundered of all the
pearls, gold-dust, and jewellery. _None of the
plated articles were taken. They likewise found a
pocket-book, out of which they took ail the Bank
notes, but left the hills. The firm had received
gold-dust the preceding day to the amount of 200!.
half of which they had fortunately sent away.
