FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

.P_A 111 S, Jut.g 31.—The public attention is
interested in the most. lively manner with respect
to tho New Congress. It at length appears that
it wiil be assembled at Verona. It was along
time doubtful whether the Emperor. Alexander
would. be present', but it is believed that he has •
440, on this occasion, yielded to the wishes of
Austria, wbose'Cabinet directs the politics of the
Holy Alliance, from
.the time that it was deter-
Mined to isolate _Greece,. and to paralyse the
powerful arm which seemed to cover her with
,protection:;. -, 1 t if we may believe,the current
reports iittlie,:saloons of the ancient ,regime, at
the Cotigtess of Verona that the affairs of Italy
_atkl Greec'e milk be finally decided, and . that
.sortie decisive measure will be adopted with re-
.gard to those of Spain. As to Italy, her con-
dition will be ameliorated. Naples, Turin and
Palerino are to remain under the protection of
Austria, and it will be diplomatically proved that
this arrangement must conduce to the happiness
of both people and Kings. Greece, according
to the doctrine of men self-styled religious, is to
be abandoned to her unhappy fate, because, for-,
sooth, she is rebellious, and rebellious, too, to-
• :viirds her legitimate Sovereign! Russia will con-
sent, in conformity with the' interests of the.
,-French Aristocracy, to protect neither Moldavia,!
.• Wallachia, nor Greece, and she will allow her-
self to be' persuaded that she ought not rather to'
- exterminate the last of her sainted partners, than
-to avoid taking a bold and respectable attitude,
or even Commencing a war, which would cover
..her Sovereign with immortal glory. The happi-
..ness '-01. restoring seven - millions of men to
liberty, of bestowing freedom on the country of
Thernistocles; and of Pericles, of re-kindling in
. the East the light of letters and of civilisation—
are such things to be balanced by the interests or
-,the, vaniths of
.some families of the West, by
.the support or renovation of mouldering privileges,
:the re-establishment of substihttions and the right
of prornogeniture, and, in fine, the resurrection
of monastic orders from the Jesuits to the Ca-
puchins.—(ConstitutionneL)
...Letters from Misolonglii announce the capture
•of Patras by Colocotrone, on the 31St of May.
This'event renders time Greeks absolute masters
, of the Peninsula.L--(/bid.)

CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES, Junv 31. .
On the vete of two millions (of francs) for the Chamber of
Peers,
' M. Benjamin Constant recalled the often reiterated promises
to organise by law the funds allotted to the Chamber of Peers,:
As these promises had not been kept,'the only constitutional
course was to refuse the supply. He opposed their allocation, he-
s cause they are not applied to their legitimate destination, which
was merely for retired servants, and because they are applied to
'an illegal destination; in effect, salaries are given to Peers who
were not formerly Senators, which they have no right to receive.
These salaries are anti-constitutional and dangerous; they destroy
the independence of the House of Peers, whether as part of the
• Legislative Power or as a Court of Justice. This abuse, mis-
chievous in all times; ls, still more so now when the GoVernment
favours, or at least receives, all inventions of pretended con-
spiracies (Murmurs on the right.)-Lconspiracies- of which it
is possible that the Chamber of Peers may be judges, in which
the Government collects all informations,' in which the agents
of' power get together, as in the Arabian Nights, the most
absurd stories, the testimony of the d ead, that of fugitives
—hearsays, to compose histories that prove nothing, and which
are only deserving of pity.
M. Rsv terse-ERE—Have we not the tribune? What need is
there of other proofs ?
M. B. CONsTANT—M. Reveliere says, " Have we not the
• tribune ? What need is there of other proofs?" Of course he
. can cite the speeches he alludes to. I request him immediately
to ascend the tribune, and to shew, either by his speech or
other Wise, the proofs of these conspiracies, to the Government,
to the public, and to ourselves. 'if he does not, I shall be
forced to tell him that his assertions resemble very closely Ca-
lumny, and that it is very sericus before this assembly.—[M. Re-
• veliere remains immoveable.—After a long pause, M. Constant,
continues.]—lt concerns M. Reveliere's honour not to support'
this name of calumniator, which shall regret to give him; if
he does not prove the conspiracy.--[DI. Reveliere does. not seirs] •
• After this forced 'digression, continues M. Constant, I-return to
my subject, for the seriousness of these conspiracies scarcely en-
, gages ire. I have only spoken of them as an additional argu-
ment for making the Chamber of Peers independent. When
the depositaries-of power have conceived the plan of attacking
public liberty, they have always sought to influence the tribu-
nals. For my own part, I think that the Ministers (and as you
call us factious and conspirators, we also have a right to speak
Cot),, I think the, Ministers proceed as directly as they can to
the destruction of public liberty.
After M. CONsTANT had concluded,
M. REVELIERE ascendedthe tribune, and said—This is the
second time that several Members of this Chamber are impli-
cated in conspiracies, the details of which have resounded
through France. 'lt concerns their honour and that of the
Chamber to know, whether there is nny connection between the
Members of this Chamber and the conspirators.
The PRESIDE err—That is not the question—[violent rnur-
rniirs on the left, speak,. speak
M. REVELIERE quits the Tribune [general movement on
- the left, many voices, "it is odious; let him justify himself !"]
The PitEsrnEts—r said, the question under discussion was
the vote for the Chamber of Peers. After much confusion,
M. Cassecia PERIER appealed to the rule of ordea` which
allows that a Member shall be heard whenever he requests a
hearing on a personal fact.
The PRESIDENT said, if M.-REVELIERE had demanded a
heating on a _personal fact, he should have heard him, but as
he had announced a proposition foreign to the question, it had
been necessary to call him to order [M. REVELIERE did de-
mand% hearing on a personal fact, from many voices.]
The PRESIDEITT—If M. REVELIERE had demanded a
hearing on such a fact, I would have heard him.
The left side—Go then, M. REVELIERE. •
M. REVELIELIE—I demanded a hearing on a personal fact.
It was that which led toa development of the proposition I
made. Since the President thinks I cannot do so now, t will
hereafter [general hootings from the left side. " Calumniator"
echoed from all sides].
M. REVELIERE—It is for the Chamber to judge whether I
am a calumniator [yes, yes, yes !].
• LAPITTE demands a hearing on a personal fact. M.
REVELIERE has said that conspiracies were formed in this
tribunal. I do not suppose that it was to me that he alluded ;
neither will I occupy myself with the opinion uttered by I
know not what journal; hut further lengths have been at-
' tempted; the names of several of my friends and mine have
been cited. We must knisw, in fine, whether the Deputies of
France are under the axe of the executioner. [All the left
side—" Yes, yes, we must have an end of these atrocities."]
The question here does not relate to the opinion of this or that
part of the Chamber, nor to the declaration of a few puffing men ;
r or to the misconduct of some agent of power : it is a Magistrate,
it is a Pros.ureur dn. Roi,' who, in an act of accusation pub-
lished in the JWonitcer, gives the. names of four Deputies, and
• points them out as accomplices, as heads of a revolt. If this
imputation is true,, the trial will prove it. As for myself, I re-
pel it with indignation and horror. But if it is false, as in my
case it is; if it is only founded on the hireddepositions-of some
vile agents of the police, and of the men who were the pur-
‘ veers of the executioner; in the bloody days of 1793, and who
now begin to raise their heads, it is the duty; the honour of the
Chamber, to order an inquiry, to examine into the conduct of
the procurcur du Rai.
• The KEEPER oft the SEALS—M. Lafitte must have seen that
the names of the Members of this Chamber have only bean
• cited in the act of accusation, because they had also been cited,
I am convinced, without their consent and participation, by
witnesses, by some of the accused themselves, whose conduct
has here been .attempted to he justified. 'What, Gentlemen
men are brought before the tribunals under the:weight of the
most serious accusation, drawn up in the most solemn forms !
in what times do we.live ? Of what men is this Chamber com-
posed ? Is it a qUestion of obscure enterprises, of unknown
acts ? It was a question ,of ,an armed revolt—of surprising
cities ; it was a question of much. more—it was an, attempt to
establish a Government de facto; to attack with arms fortresses
• belongingto France and to the Government of the King. And
e'sthese are factitious conspiracies.! Let me be permitted to pros

nounce the name of a man whom I must not call guilty—but
.who at least is strongly suspected. Was Berton an agent of
the Government to excite conspiracies ? Cease then to, insult
public feelings.—(Brairos on the right.)—A crowd of witnesses,
and of the accused them.serves, deposed that Berton declared a
Provisional Government existed, and named the men of whom
he pretended it waszomposed. Bow could a Magistrate abstain
from stating these facts
,This sort of discussion was continued for some time longer.
It dosed in the following violent and tumultuary manner :—]
On the right—" Close the-debate ! close the debate 1"
M. DE ST. AULAIRE and 31. CASIMIR PERIER are at the
tribune. •
The PRESIDENT—I am going to put the closing of the de-
bate to the vote.
M. CASIMIR PERIER—I demand to be heard against the
cloSing.
The PRESIDENT—It has been already spoken against.
M. CASIMIR PERIER-It isinfamous ! it is an assassination !
'On the right—" Order, order !"
M. CASIMIR PERIER, addressing himself alternately' to the
right and to the President--It is an assassination ! it is an
atrocity !
M. LAFITTE—You are cowards ! you wish to murder us,
and you dare not listen to us !
The PRESIDEN,T—It is not your turn to speak.
M. Cas I min rt at En —Thanks to you ! it is an abominable
tr6ason ! • •
The President put the article of the Budget to the vote amidst
the most violent tumult.
The Chamber divided. The two sides interrupted each other
with violence.
M. LAFITTE stopped before the first bench on the right, and
addressed to the Gentlemen who occupied it the most lively
gestures and exclamations.
The Sitting broke up at half-past.six.

, ROYAL COURT OF POITIERS.
ACT OF ACCUSATION AGAINST GENERAL BERTON

AND 111 S ACCOMPLICES.

The,number of the persons accused•of conspiracy is 56, of
whom 18 have fled. General Berton, and 37 others, are in
custody. •
The following is the substance of the indictment :
A conspiracy, the object of which was to destroy the King's
Government, and to excite civil wax, broke out in the month of
February last, in the departments of the Deux-Sevres, .and'of
Maine-et-Loire; the head-quarters of this conspiracy were the
towns of Saumur, Thouars, and-Parthenay. The leader of the
enterprise was the Ex-General Berton and his Auxiliaries,
Members of a secret society, called the Society of the Chevaliers
tic la Liberter, or Carbonari, formed for the purpose of over-
throwing the Government of the King,
The crimes which have given occasion to the indictment were
concerted and committed long ago. Meetings were held at
Saumur, in the house of one of th accused, named Calle, fer-
nierly a surgeon-major, and in the house of Gauchais, formerly
a chief of battalion, who has fled. The conspirators also as-
sembled.at yartlipay, at the house of Moreau, a half-pay. of-
ficer' and at the house of Dufresnes, another of the accused,
who have both fled. The conspiracy extended to the depart-
ments of Ille et.Vilaine, and Loire Inferieure ; at least four of
the conspirators belonged to those departments. '
When the plot was considered sufficiently ripe, Gen. Berton
arrived at Seumur. Ile had left Paris in the beginning of
January. lie pretended that his only object was to pay a visit
to his son, a sub-lieutceant of Dragoons in garrison at Poritivy.
He 'proceeded, -however, directly to Brest, where he had been
preceded by Colonel Alix, one of the accused. Colonel Alix is
the agent of a faction which wishes to subvert the Government.
Every thing announces that his mission to Brest had for its ob-
ject to seduce the officers from the army, and to prepare them
to assist Gen. Berton in his enterprise. Alix left Brest on the
Bth, was at Rennes oe the oth, and re-appeared suddenly at
Brest on the 11th ; and on the same day had a meeting with
Gen. Berton, who left Brest on the 15th for Rennes. General
Berton acknowledges that he learned in Rennes that the Cheva-
liers de la Libertc wished to make a movement in favour of the
charter, that he yielded to the solicitations of several persons to
place himself at their head, and that the object of the insurrec-
tion was to take possession of the town of Saumur. The con-
spirators of Saumur sent to Gen. Berton to come to them, and
he arrived in that town on the 18th or 19th of February. Gen.
Berton then proceeded to Thouars, where he had conferences
with several of the accused conspirators.
• • Moreau, who had been at Thouars to meet General Berton
.on his return to Parthenay, had conferences with Fradin, a
physician and adjutant to the mayor ; -.Ledem,' a physician ;
and Rique, a surgeon. -He informed them of what had passed,
made them acquainted with the intention to march on to Sau-
mur, and communicated to them the proclamations intended
to be published by the General. These three joined the plot.
After describing the manner in which several other persons had
been- induced-to take part in the conspiraey, the act of accusa-
tion states that at four in the morning General Berton appeared
in full uniform at the house of one of the accused, named Poin-
has, in Thouars. A. number of persons assembled there were
told that the government of the King was . overturned, that a
provisional governmentevas established, and that it was neces-
sary to render themselves masters of the gendarmerie. Imme-
diately cartouches were distributed, the tri-coloured cockade
was mounted, and they marched off: Delon, already con-
demned to death,- and who appears to have arrived at Thouars
-at the same period as Bertefeeput himself at the head Of the in-
surgents. One Of the-gendarmerie, heard the bell ritig at the
door of_the barracks. On his opening it, armed men rushed
upon him and commanded -silence ; othersevent to the rooms of
• the different-gendarmes and compelled them to go down stairs.
All.the.brigade, being thus made prisoners, were conducted to
,the house inhabited by Pombas.
The tocsin was soon rung ; the generate was beat ; the curate
was arrested in ,his bed by men ivho called themselves soldiers
of liberty ; a judge of the Tribunal of Bressure was arrested in
.the street, and a member-of the municipal council,' at the house
of the mayoralty; whither-the insurgents-went to substitute the
tri-coloured standard for the white flag, and to insult the bust
of the .King. Horses and carriages were seized. The insur-
gents then eiroceeded to the house of an armourer, named
Uaspy,-and took possession of the arms they found there. Sen-
tinels were placed at .the gates of the town. Cries of " Vive
la iiberte !" " Viva les peuples" were heard. A provisional
government was Stated to he-established. General Foy, Keratry,
Voyerel'Argenson, the Marquis de Lafayette, and. Benjamin
Constant were said to be the members. This was believed.
The authorities, struck with stupor, assembled at the town
house. -General Berton repaired thither, accompanied by
several armed men. He declared to the Mayor that the move.
merit at Thouars extended through the whole of France, and
that its object was to recover public liberty. He repeated to
the Mayor, that a provisional goyernment was established, and
that he authorized him to continue his functions. Berton then
proceeded to La Place Saint-Meilard, where a person, named
Heureux, who described himself as the deputy of the town of
Nantes, read the two proclamations, which Moreae had shown
to the physician Fradin. One was addressed " The People."
It announced the overthrow of the King's Govertment, by
which the purchases of national property would bet secured,
and the indirect contributions suppressed. The othele proclae
mation was in the follteving terms :

‘.‘ TO THE FRENCH ARMY.

" Soldiers,—France has risen to recover her independeßce.
The friends of honour are all ranged under the sacred standard
of the country. Our veteran warriors are arriving from all
parts, and uniting with your fathers, your brothers, and your
friends ; the present is the moment of reward and the fulfil.
ment of glory ! You will answer the summons. You are
Frenchmen. _

" Soldiers, do not deceive yourselves ! trust not to the false
promises bf those of your chiefs who wish to retain you in order
to throw you into slavery ; they caress you because they need
your aid ; should they prove victorious, they would soon betray
you in your dearest affections—those of independence and li-
berty. Promotion, honour, fortune, would be reserved for them.
Your lot would be to remain for ever slaves in the lowest ranks
of the army. Experience has already taught you this ; you
every day see your old companions in arms dismissed and dis-
banded ; the honourable wounds with which they are covered,
the laurels which they have gathered in fields of glory, are
now converted into marks of proscription : the same fate awaits
you.
" French soldiers, the standard of freedom—that noble
standard which has shone and conquered in a hundred battles—
is once more unfurled. Fiance claims you ; your relatives ad-
vance to you and summon you. To fight against them would
he high treason against your country : to triumph with them is
a national virtue : such is your situation, make your choice !
Vive la France ! Vive la liberte.

44 THE GENERAL COMMANDING THE NATIONAL

ARMY OF ,THE WEST."

After reading this proclamation, the Provisional Government
was proclaimed, and the Marquis de Lafayette was declared
Generalissimo of the armies: Berton and Heureux stated, that
the most distinguished Members of the left side, and particu-
larly Baron Demarcay, were well informed of hat was going
on. Berton then made several new appointments., and re-
organized the authorities. After these arrangements were com-
pleted, a column consisting of about 15 men on horseback and
120 on foot, marehed off with drums beating, and the standard
of revolt flying, towards Saumur. •
The conspirators of Saumur made preparations for receiving
the column. The enemy had arrived at Montreuil; only three
leagues distant, and yet the authorities of Saumur were ignorant
of their approach. At three o'clock Berton and his band en-
tered Montreuil, with cries of Vive le psuple ! Vive la Janie!
Vive NapJleun•ll. Berton passed through Montreuil. Seve-
ral emissaries came from Saumur to meethirn, but in the mean

time the Brigadier oldie Gendarmes of Montreuil had sent for- s
ward one of his men'to Saumur to give notice of the approach
of the insurgents, and measures were taken to prevent his enter-
in.; the town. A party of the cavalry of the school of Saumnr
proceeded to meet them. Berton informed-the officer who com-
manded this party that all rtsistance was useless, that hii corps
was only -the advanced guard of 20,000 men, who were proceed-
ing to Saumur. " You see," he added, " that the national
guard and the gendarmerie are marching with me. Patthenay,
Loudun, Niort, Thouars, Chinon, Bauge, are all in a state
of insurrection.: The cuirassiers ef'Orleans (in garrison at
Niort) make common cause with us. •The legion which is
atAngers is for us also. At. Rennes, Nantes, Bourdeaux—
in all the great towns of France= the same movement has be-
gun. Be advised, avoid the effusion of blood." -The command-
ant replied, that he did not know Berton ; that, he had no com-
mand in the department, and that having received orders to op-
pose his march, he should oppose it. However,-he made his
detachment take a half-circuit and fixed his position behind the
bridge Fouchard. Berton and his band followed him ; they
reached the bridge and passed it. A new detachinent of the
school of equitation -now joined the former one. Delon ar-
ranged the troops ; but the officer who commanded the first de-
tachment which had =relied to meet the insurgents declared
that he should not enter ; on which Delon replied that he might
answer for the blood that was shed. The Mayor of Sauniur
advanced, accompanied by a single national guard ; he sought
General Berton, and was surrounded by the rebels, without
knowing it. Though,the night was dark (it was s ven in the
evening), he was known by his white. scarf, and Berton ad-
dressing him observed that he bad seen him in Paris • he said
he had come in the name of Liberty. The Mayor replied that
'he was a rebel and a blockhead, and that he must retire. Ber-
ton disconcerted, ordered Moreau to withdraw the troop be-
yond the bridge. While this movement was taking place, aim
was taken at the Mayen. : someone of the. party pointed fire arms
at his breast. He succeeded. in escaping ; the bridge was evacu-
ated, and the national guard began to form themselves in order of
battle. The insurgents, on their part, blocked up the road with
carriages, and established posts in order that they might not be,
surprised 'by the troops of the town. Things remained in this
state for several hours. The Mayor and Berton had a confe-
rence. The authorities of Saumurheld a council of war, in
which it was decided to charge the enemy at day-break. Berton
kept his position till midnight, when being informed of the de-
termination of the council, he ordered a retreat. •
• It is proper to state the considerations which induced him to
adopt this course. His object and that of his accomplices was
to take the town of Saumur And its chateau. He relied on ex-
citing an insurrection there similar to that which had taken
place at Thoitars. Chauvet had endeavoured to excite it by
running through the streets with a tri-coloured cockade, and
crying " Viva la liberte !" but the plan completely failed.—
The Mayor took possession of the keys of the church and the
insurgents could not ring the tocsin. Berton,- as has been said,
gave the signal for retreat. He accomplished it- in good order,
displaying a calmness which can only be explained by the con-
fidence he felt in consequence of the inactivity of forces a hun-
dred fold greater than his own. His intention was to fall. back
on Thouars, which is defended by a wall and a river, and where
he would have been protected from a surprise ; but measures
had alreadyheen taken for preventing his return. It Was now
necessary to. disperse. Several of the chiefs fled.. Berton wan-
dered about:in the department of the Deus Sevres and la Cha-
•rente-Inferieure. He was arrested at the moment when he was
preparing, with the assistance of some Carbonari, to embark in
new attempts. •
The act of accusation afterwards states that there existed a
secret society, the object of which was to overthrow the Govern-
ment.. This society was directed by a committee sitting at
Paris, and Berton was the principal agent in the departments of
the west. He confesses in his interrogatory that it was Grand-
menille who came to seek him at Rennes- in the month of
February to.conduct.hhn to Saumur. This Grandmenille made
frequent journies to Paris. He has stated that he had inter-
course with the Generals Foy and Lafayette, and with the
Deputies Lafitte and Benjamin Constant. It is under the tri-
coloured flag, with cries of " Vice la liberte Vice Napoleon
17," and with the title of the General-in-Chief of the Army of
the West, that Berton marched, with a band which he had
raised, upon Saumur, with the intention of taking it. The act
of accusation then enters into details.of the charges imputed to
the other 55 individuals accused of .conspiracy : but the most
important of these charges are connected with the facts stated
above.

COURT OF ASSIZES AT COLMAR.
SITTING OF JULY n.
TWelve witnesses were (examined fi-orni the
to the .59. d inclosive) who. deposed to no-
thing of the slightest importance.

N-UREMBERGII, JULY 24.—1 t must not be be-
lieved, that at Vienna people are not interested
in the fate of the Greeks, and that they do, not
hold in horror, as in the other parts of Germany,
the cruelties which have been practised against
that people. We are assured that many mem-
bers of the Imperial Family take the most lively.
interest in the destiny of the unfortiinate Rajas..
Our Cabinet, although its regard for the stability
of things caused it not to countenance the re-
volution in. Turkey, could have no objection to
the deliverance of the Greeks from the yoke of
the Mussulmans7 if it could take place without
the participation of auy other great Power. It
was to prevent such a combination that all the
efforts of our Cabinet have, from the beginning,
been exerted.

It appears, by- all the reports of the Inter
nuncio, that the Porte did not wish for war witl
Russia, but she did not dread its occurrence i
it had been inevitable.

On the other side, Russia, in assembling con-
siderable bodies of troops on the frontier, as-
sumed a still more menacing attitude towards
Turkey, and all the measures appeared to be
taken with a view to deciding, by an armed force
if necessary, the differences which M. Strogonoff
was unable, to terniioate. This was precisely
what the European Diplomatists proposed' to
themselVes to prevent ;. and it is generally consi-
dered here as a triumph of the policy of our Ca-
binet that we succeeded by wisely conducted
negociations in attaining this end. If hostilities
had broken out, and the Russian arms had been
victorious, as it was easy to perceive would be
the case, from the critical situation in which the
Porte was placed, and though the European Ca-
binets judged better than she (Russia) in her
pride could do, still it would have been difficult
to avoid the aggrandizement of Russia on the
side of Turkey, even though it should have been
but as an indemnity for the expellees of the war.
Those causes of disquietude are at present dissi-
pated ; the united efforts of the Cabinets have
succeeded in bringing the difference to the point
at which it was before M. Strogonoff departed
from Bujukdere.
There has been gained a sort of restitutio in
integrum by this mode of proceeding. The
Court of St. Petersburgh having renounced all
direct negociations with the Porte, it is with the
latter that will Dow depend all arrangements
with the former. The inquietude arising from a
feeling that the equilibrium and peace of Europe
would be disturbed being thus dissipated, we are
permitted to take into consideration the affairs of
the Greeks, without any motive of self-interest.
But a strict neutrality in this contest is the only
end. proposed. This system will, it is said, be
confirmed by the Congress, which, it is expected,
will assemble in Autumn. If the Greeks were
strong enough to deliver themselves from the
dominion of, the Turks, and that fortune favoured
their enterprise, they would not have to fear teat
the. European Powers would intermeddle in their
affairs, or oppose any obstacle to the establish'

• It appears to us that this absolute neutrality with respect
to the Greeks, would be as opposed to the sentiments of huma-
nity, as to a sound political system. In withdrawing her arms,
and in consenting to send a new Ambassador to Constantinople,
Russia would afford. the Turks the opportunity of turning all
their forces against Greece, and of taking from Greece all
chance and all hopes of success. But let any one figure to
himself the massacre of a Christian people—the immediate con-
sequence of this revolution ! What a scene for the people of
,Europe ! Is it not to be feared that all political reasonings
will be, overpowered by an irresistible and universal sentiment?
If, on the other hand, the Holy Alliance would assure to the
Greeks a national existence in Peloponnesus, Attica and Crete
(an, event which could be accomplished without a war, by an
unanimous display of the forces of Europe assisted by a mari-
time demonstration), the people of Europe would see then pro-
',per respect paid to justice and to humanity ; they would say
that Sovereigns •hated tyranny as much as revolution; they
would learn to value the noble and sacred principles proclaim-
ed by this great Alliance ; they would recognise the palladium
of civilisation and of real liberty.—(Note of the Editor of the
.1-wrnal des Debats.)
