TH E SUN, LONDON, WEDNESDAY, JULY 22, 1835.

VISIT OE LORD BROUGMA.3I TO

LIVERPOOL.

THE NEW MECHANI S INSTITUTION.
(From the Liverpool Times of Thesday.)
The foundation stone of the New Mechanics' Institution,
about to be erected in Mount-street, in this town, was laid
yesterday by Lord Brougham, in the presence of the Com-
mittee, of numerous friends of education, and a vast concourse
of spectators. -
His Lordship ar-;--
EtliwaY
abe•-"
fit A.l),Orbti tAiiiit;!;`,:ti :ay the Corn-
S Esq.,aeOiniphaonmi accompanied
Esq., and
other Gentlemen. The gates of the Crown-street station
had been closed to exclude the thousands who had been Booth,
as-
sembled to greet his Lordship, but the moment that he ap-
peared in the carriage he was received with cordial cheers
by Henry
from his friends. When the gates were thrown open, the
cheering was renewed, and his Lordship proceeded through
Crown-street, Abercromby-square, and Rodney-street, up
Mount-street, to the site of the new building, accompanied by
thousands of persons, and amidst repeated marks of public re-
spect. A kind of platform had been erected there, on which his
Lordship ascended, accompanied by a great concourse of gen-
tlemen, amongst whom we noticed Charles Tayleur, William
Brown, Hardman Earle, G. W. Wood, Henry Booth, James
Drencher, Lawrence Hcyworth, Theodore Rathbone, Joseph
Yates and Richard Yates, Christopher Rawdon, J. D.
Thornely, Enoch Harvey, Thomas Blackburne, and James
Mulleneux, Esquires ; Captain Bracken, the ReVerend Doctor
Raffles, Doctor Rutter, the Reverend Edward Stanley, of
Alderley, and many others. The concourse of persons assem-
bled to witness the ceremony, and to hear his Lordship, was
immense, extending from the top of Mount-street to the bot-
tom, and covering the open ground. The wir lows were also
crowded with ladies and gentlemen.
Mr. JAMES MULLENEUX, after a brief but appropriate speech,
in which he expressed his hope that the building about to be
commenced would be productive of great and permanent ad-
vantages, not only to Liverpool, but to the country at large,
presented the trowel to Lord Brougham, which bore the fol-
lowing inscription :
" Presented by the Directors to the Right Hon. Henry Lord
Brougham, &c., on laying the First Stone of the Liverpool Mecha-
nic's Institution, on the 20th day of July, 1835."
Lord BROITGIIAM then 'went through the ceremony of laying
the stone with the usual formalities. A glass bottle con-
taining a number of documents, was deposited in the cen-
tre of the stone, and covered with a brass plate, bearing the
following inscription :
" THIS FIRST STONE of an Edifice to be erected fora ME-
CHANICS' INSTITUTION, was laid on the 20th day of July,
M.DCCC.XXXV., in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His Ma-
jesty William IV., by the RIGHT HON. HENRY LORD
BROUGHAM and VAUX. The Subscription for its Erection
was opened on the 15th day of October, 1832."
The ceremony having been performed, Lord Brougham
ascended the platform, amidst the enthusiastic cheering of the
assembled multitude. Silence having been procured,
Lord BROUGHAM spoke to the following effect :—" 'Gentle-
men, I consider, and I don't disguise, upon any occasion, my
fixed opinion, that political meetings arc the right, and the
privilege, and the duty of Englishmen.—(Cheers.) Never-
theless, as long as men are men, they will take different
views of the same subject, and in proportion as the subject
interests them, they will be apt to differ warmly and
strongly in their opinions. The consequence is, that upon
political subjects men have great differences, and they arc
split into parties and shades of opinion, which the more
intensely and more conscientiously they are held, the
more difficult it will be either to compromise or surrender
them. I have my own opinions, and many others, for
whom I have the most sincere respect, having their opi-
nions, we differ from one another, and as I do not expect
them to give up their opinions, they cannot expect me to
abandon mine.—( Cheers.) The consequence of all which
is that when I have met my fellow-citizens of Liverpool,
on former occasions, I met only a part of the community,
and cnly that part of it which agreed with me in their po-
litical sentiments. But gentlemen, happily the present oc-
casion is one which allows of no difference of opinion at
all—(Cheers.)—and Whig and Tory, Churchman and Dis-
senter, Priest and Layman, Catholic and Protestant, Eng-
lish, Scotch, and Irish, Radical and Constitutional, men
moderate and violent—( A laugh)—all agree in favour of
- Popular Education.—( Cheers.) This it is which gives me
most sincere satisfaction in seeing you here assembled on
the present occasion. I meet you upon neutral ground ;
upon ground which knows no difference of opinion ; and I
meet all my fellow-citizens, without any distinction of party
or any jealousies; or any animosities whatever.—( Loud cheers.)
Nothing, Gentlemen, can exceed the importance of the
pursuit in which we are now engaged. It is to diffuse the
blessings of knowledge, and to extend the means of instruc-
tion in the most useful arts to by far the most useful members
of this community.--( Loud cheers.) The establishment
of a Mechanic's Institution in Liverpool, as elsewhere,
is one of the most important eras in the history of this
place ;—to lay that foundation from which may be expected
the greatest improvements in the arts and the sciences them-
selves, and the happiest results from the diffusion of the most
important knowledge among the people.—( Cheers.) One
thing only need be remarked to illustrute the truth of what
I have said ; and it is this. During the last hour and a half
I have travelled from Manchester to Liverpool, the only
thought that presented itself at every step of the way, and,
indeed, about the only subject which the immense velocity of
our motion left one time to think about was, to whom and
to what do we owe that extraordinary power, that mighty
revolution of man's position on the globe, in their distances
from, end yet their intercourse with each other, so that Man-,
cheater is, as if by magic, brought within one-fifth of the
distance it was ten years ago, and within one-tenth part of
what it was a century before.—( Loud cheers.) What is it
that has made this extraordinary revolution, which has given
to man the wings of the dove, and which enables him to per-
form his various public and private duties, and to participate
in the pleasures, the amusements, and the enjoyments of life,
a dozen times in the course of a single day, and at distances
so far asunder as would have taken him, in former times, a
week to accomplish ? What is it that makes the distance be-
tween Manchester and Liverpool seem as nothing, and which
will soon make the distance between Liverpool and Brumma-
gem—( A laugh),—and Brummagem and Lunnan--( A laugh)
—take little more than the short space of ten hours to travel?
—what is that which annihilates the space between different
communities of men, and, walking on the waves themselves
"like a thing of life," brings countries buried in the heart
of America in proximity with the coasts of that mighty con-
tinent, and civilizes nations of savages by bringing them in
close and regular intercourse with nations of civilized.men ? Why,
it is to :team, which, generated by the power of nature, has been
subjected to the uses of man, and made as docile, and a thousand
times more powerful, than any domestic animal, instead of being a
source of terror and dismay by its explosion.--(Loud cheers. )
And who subjected it to the use of man ? A common working
mechanic--James Watt, whose namo ought to live, not merely in
the history of his country, but of mankind.—(Cheers.) This
common, working mechanic, although lie sprung from and was one
of the people, possessed good conduct, genius, virtue, invention
and knowledge, which a man may acquire, if he chooses, whether
he springs from a peasant or a dike ' • and to this man, the working
mechanic of Greenock, is the world indebted for the mighty dis-
covery of the gigantic power of steara.—( Cheers.) Now, there
is not one mechanic who shall be taugi t at this institution, the
foundation-stone of which has just been laid, that may not expect
in after times to add to the discoveries of Watt, to extend the rowers
of his species. to increase the resources of his country, and to be-
nefit all mankind by the application of his knowledge to the great-
est, the most useful of all pursuits in which mankind can be en-
gaged—l mean his triumph over the inert power and forces of mat-
ter.—(Loud cheering.) Having, for the first time, travelled on
the railway, I could not see what I have seen this day, without at-
tempting to give expression to the emotions which arose ih my
mind whilst surveying the triumph of human art, as displayed in
that splendid specimen of mechanical ingenuity.—(Cheers. )
1,..rd Brougham and a number of gentlemen then proceeded to
the House of Mr. Thornely, M.P., where they partook of a cold
collation.

The multitude then dispersed.
During the day his Lordship visited the Commercial Clerks' In-
stitution, St. Anne-street, the docks, and various other objects of
curiosity in the town. On his visit to the Clarence Dock, his
Lordship went on board the Robert Napier steam-packet, and was
much pleased with all the arrangements.

which cannot rest on any basis to good AS the foundation of good
scientific, moral-, and religious education—(Cheers)—and I name
these three branches in the inverse order of their importance.—
(Cheers.) And, moreover, we are celebrating a festival iIN3 Of
peace and good will towards mankind—( Loud and long continued
cheering)—the promotion of the arts of peaces OontrHistip-
guished from and rising proudly aboe the ArtS of the seditious, the
incendiary, the destructive ; and the greatest blessing after internal
peace, I mean recce with \ --ace Anv?-

zetilightetti.sd, rat; ft eti ffoiilB fir Pi'afie6
si—t teheese;l--peaee.. Ireland—( Cheers)—peace with the great
(Great eljeieiillo-:.--otii. iricle,tfteroerisS, so, far
as even our interests arc ci)nuerileci, our best eusteiner zest best
market, if nations were wise, and their government and ours could
leans that their custern and curs was most profitable to each other.
—(Loud cheers.) This is the kind of festival we are met to C,c-
lebrate. ; to which must be added, rot only the cause of education,
but, as a ceeellary frtme that, the cause of civil and religious li-
bcrty.—(Great cheering.) Met; therefore, tin such an occasion,
I would only remind these present thea, there ie ate- more sa-
cred, none which presses More Mt vier atteritiorn Or which better
deserves your strict performance of it, at this time, than to thief
your hearty and increasing encouragement to the great institution
which has this merning beets commenced. An admirable begin-
ning has been newte this day, ley eti dilentriteite friend who bears
the signature of the three last letters of the alphabet,and %vitt; like
sent a donation to the new bui.ding of 1001.—(Cheers.) And
now, gentlemen, I might take my leave of you—( Cries of " No,")
—and having called your attention to the principal subject of this
evening's consideration. I have now one or two other things
to allude to, with your permission. When I came here, by the
rail-road, for the first time, to-day—that stupendous work which
literally unites Manchester and Liverpool—which has overcome the
distance of space and time—which connects Manchester to this
' great outlet to the commerce of the world—when I performed that
short ;journey of a long distance, I with pleasure remembered that
the mechanic had removed alt the obstacles which lay in the way—
that the proper application of the principles of science had led to
the improvements of the arts, by which this wonderful work had
been performed. I saw the difficulties of space overcome—mosses
pierced through which, a few years ago, were scarcely stable be-
neath the foot of man or beast, and on which now were waggons
laden with riches, bulk, weight—the valleys spanned by bridges—
the steam carriages travelling over the water—rocks cut through—
it was impossible to avoid admiration of the skill which had accom-
. plished all this, and the reflection presented itself, that all this—
save the melancholy event which cost me a friend and you a repre-
sentative—that this, so fruitful in praise and the benefits it con-
ferred upon the whole family of man, had been accomplished with-
out the least loss of life—without one drop of blood.—( Applause.)
At what a trifling expense had this prodigious work been accom-
, plislied—at what" a small price has this triumph of utility- been
, gained ! Fifteen hundred millions of money have been squan-
dered in bloodshed—in war—(Hear)—in naturalizing barbarism
over the world! In war, the curse of the human race—in war,
which, thank God, can never again arise to such an extent, for the
increased intelligence of man must utterly frustrate all future at-
tempts to control or destroy the liberty of the people.—(The im-
mense audience here simultaneously arose, and gave three times
' three cheers.) Believe me, I look back with shame, regret, and
indignation at the course which our rulers pursued, which the
people are too well informed to allow them ever again to pursue.—
(Cheers. )—One hundred of those fifteen hundred millions, if em-
ployed in the arts of peace, would have made this country fruitful in
blessings.—(Loud cheering.) As it is, I look back with disgust on
what I speak of—we may see the day when, as it now is hateful to
speak of, it may then be too incredible for belief. These wars in-
volved us in a present debt of eight hundred millions, having spent
seven hundred more, ready cash, to keep it up before they went
into debt. If, as I say, one hundred of these millions had been
spent in such works, and if peace had been preserved during the
thirty years in which we were at war with the world, how different
would England have been ?—( Applause.) Gentlemen, besides
the railway—on which I travelled for the first time to-day—l have
seen Liverpool, which I never have visited without always finding
it improved.—(Cheers.) I saw your magnificent docks—all Eu-
rope cannot present such another spectacle of that line, from the
new dock to the great graving docks, all of which have been added
since I was last here. And I must say that they are worthy the
trade of this port, in which there is no gambling speculation as in
other towns, London not excepted, and which is more healthy, if
with less profits.—(Applause.) I witnessed another improvement.
I was taken to a vessel lying in the dock. It is now a trader, and
had once been a slave ship, captured by an American cruiser in the
South American Seas. It had been filled with a crew of pirates,
and I grieve to say, that three of them were Englishmen. The
Captain was killed, and met his fate with a courage worthy of a
better cause. In this vessel of 300 tons, there was a cargo of 750
slaves, besides a piratical crew of 75 ruffians. The three English-
men are now in a dungeon, about to suffer the capital punishment
which the law has awarded.—(Cheers.) Gentlemen, thirty or
forty years ago, I might as well have my right hand cut off or my
. tongue burned out of my head, as have uttered of that ship and her
hellish trade what I utter now.--( Great applause.) Gentlemen,
nations have gradually improved in laws, morals, or manners—this
they have done in the course of years, but I will say, that Liver-
pool is the only community which within such a short space
as I have mentioned, effected this moral miracle of
being shamed out of this guilty trade.—(Loud cheers.) Perhaps
I should apologize for the length to which these remarks have run.
—(Cries of " No, no—we are not tired yet.") I thank you for
the kind reception I have received from you to-day : peilaps I
would have felt it more if I had less expected it, and your kindness
lecvuxascreedde exceeds any
magnoeyicntpgornawyb• eorfueltuhtobaweiece
iottotitzndetenrs cribe my feelings.—( Cheers.) I
am confident I do not degrade the station I hold, when I come for-
ward
accidentally, I attended only ysol na(setApPyoPel political dinner cl)diinnnnl eerrh ianv partiese-
Scotlandbe 7 eaxc
that exception was a dinner to my friend Mr. Bannerman, at Aber-
deen, and thither I did go, of my own free will. But, voluntarily,
I attended none other. I come to the ridiculous falsehoods—the
absurd reports--for absurd and ridiculous they are—that Lord
Althorp and myself had endeavoured to turn Lord Grey out of the
Government. I say, I have two letters from Lord Grey whi,ch
acquit me—but do you think we would be so ridiculous as to cut
our own throats ? Lord Grey sent me two letters in which he
admits that none gave him such assistance as Lord Althorp and
myself. But, although I had these letters, I was constrained to
dine with him at Edinburgh, because, if I had not gone to meet
him, the reports in currency would have seemed to be true.—
(Applause.) But, say those who carp at me, only think of a
Chancellor travelling through and dining in Scotland—(Laughter)
—not only a Chancellor, but a Lord High Chancellor.—(Loud
laughter.) Gentlemen, I should not wonder were they to say
next that a Lord High Chancellor should not dine at all.e—(Loud
laughter.) But the charge is a serious one, and I must de-
fend "my order."—(Renewed cheers and laughter.) I am a-
ccusedlwilghaerevneeof going to public dinners.—Gentlemen, your late repre-
sentative, Mr. Huskisson, never flinched from meeting his fellow-
citizens in public.—(Loud applause.) He went among them not
merely when they dined together, but when there was no dinner.
T
hwheiamscatnAmleywreoCourandnid: to
naling, also your representative : I supported
Mr. Canning's government. I opposed the man, personally, for
years, because his opinions were not liberal and mine were :
smupypPorrtin. ciPllesrr—efuwshed enheca
office,
ae understanding
that what support I could render him he heartily had. Gentle-
men,liberal, Mr. Canning was not ashamed to dine with his fellow-
citizens.—{Applause.)n
more
Then there was the late r. Pitt. No
mlamented than M
than I do the course that Minister latterly
took, owing to some alarmists about the Court,—and in the same
quarter the same efforts are now making.—( Cheers.) Gentlemen,
I would not heed those alarmists, and therefore have the satisfac-
tion of being out of office instead of in it.—(Cheers.) But Mr.
Pitt was a great Minister : he sacrificed much to ambition, and
much to love of place, which, with him, was not love of power—
for he continued in office without that power which every Minister
must have, if he wishes to act wisely and honestly. To the po-
litics of his early life I adhere—he started as a Reformer, and un-
fortunately permitted himself to be seduced from it. But he was a
great and distinguished man, and I am defending Pitt when I de-
fend myself. Mr. Pitt, gentlemen, attended political meetings.
When Napoleon became Emperor of France and King of Italy
—made so by himself—he denounced our ships, colonies, and
commerce. Mr. Pitt made a counter manifesto,—not sa-
tisfied with the victory gained at Trafaliar, by Lord Nelson,
over the combined fleets of Spain and }ranee, he issued this
counter manifesto at a dinner in London. The battle was fought
on the 21st October, and on the 9th of November, at the Lord
Mayor's dinner, he gave the toast " Ships, colonies and com-
merce."—(Applause.) But Mr. Pitt was only a Chancellor of the
Exchequer.—(Laughter.) Well, I must even defend my vene-
rable predecessor, Lord Eldon, from whom I never received any-
thing but the greatest personal kindness ; whom, as a lawyer, I
respect as a pure fountain of equity, the principles of whose court
I have studied—he was twenty-five years in office, and I was only
four ; but I must defend him, for he was a Lord High Chancellor,
and he attended public dinners, year after year, while Mr. Pitt
lived, and after his decease knew no better way by which to testify
his respect for the person and principles of that great man, than to
annually attend the dinner given on the anniversary of his birth.—
( Applause.) Thus, gentlemen, it is not unexampled for even a
Lord Chancellor to attend public dinners. Nay, it is not merely
the right of public men to meet the people, but it is the privilege
of the people to meet public men, and no one would intrude on that
privilege unless they wish to have the people more easily led- or
misled—governed or misgoverned.—(Applause.) It is said,
Gentlemen, that I hold opinions out of office different from
what I held in office,—that I now magnify the power and
raise the hopes of the people, and that while in office I
shunned them. During the two years succeeding the passing
of the Reform Bill, the Ministry opened the trade to the
East—abolished slavery in the West Indies—renewed the Bank
Charter—destroyed the monopoly of the East India Company—
opened the trade to China—amended the Penal Code—reformed
the Poor Laws—and improved the practice of the Court of Chan-
cery.—(Great applause.) I asked was this doing little ?' I hold
the same opinions now. I apply to the present state of the Govern-
ment, and ask—have I not given constant proof of acting in 1835 as
I acted in 1834?—(Cheers.) If any measures lay next my heart,
they were Bills which I actually had in print—one for instituting
Local Courts, to bring justice to every man's door at a cheap rate,
and the other was to abolish pluralities and the non-residence of the
Clergy.—(Great applause.) I have abstained from bringing these
Bills forward—l have not said a word to urge Government to take
them up—albeit, they are neaaest my heart—besides, I considered
that the all-important' measures, from which nothing should divert
them, were a Reform in the Municipal Corporations, and what, I
uesbe.e)ginlnidnog nnfotßweisfohrmthettthoe gloriOnh farther or faster(Tiemtheann-
should not be precipitate—and when the people see that honest men
is prudent. I say they should digest their measures well—they
hold the helm of the State, and that important measures are in pro-
(tirettitsst ,ap isp
applause.)
ah
+shall vigilant—if they flinch or flag, I shall not—cannot
too; be
pro-
gress, they will rest satisfied' that all is going on well.—(Cheers.) I
support them, but while they continue to act well and wisely, I
shall be one of their humblest, and perhaps not quite superfluous '
supporters in a house where they have not overmuch support.—
(Load cheering.) In a country where lam so well acquainted,
I shall support them in doors and out of doors, until they force me
to leave them, and then not alone shall I leave them, but the peo-
ple.— ( Applause. ) And this will be—if it should be—if they leave
the people, I shall not delay to ask the question, will the people
then go with me or them ?—( Tremendous applause.) Gentlemen,
this is not a party meeting, and it has been named that I must not
mention politics.—(No, no.) I grudge his opinions to no man—l
turn not my back on those who were our adversaries and are willing.
to be our friends. If a Grey, a Russell, a Melbourne, a Welling-
ton, or a Peel were against us, and change their bad opinions, and
do not change them to bolster up a falling column or a political
them as friends.—( Cheers.) I supported Mr.
he changedand introduced
isaelteleinptistry whenhis opinions,
principles into his foreign and domestic policy. In 1831 I
(ipcibia(aerinrtthaynilenlg-same by Lord Melbourne, Glenelg, Goderich, Richmond,
and Palmerston, (all of whom supported Castlereagh's Six
Acts) when they became Reformers. In one Cabinet,
besides these Noblemen, there were Lords Grey, Al-
thorp, Russell, and myself. We had always been Reformers—the
others had not—but when they became so, I said let us all work
together.—( Applause. ) Gentlemen, it is said that the dupes of
Liverpool are the only ones who would invite me to a public dinner.
I do not know why they should ; / never bribe—/ never treated.
) When I came from Scotland, I had numerous in-
vitations from Yorkshire and Lancashire to dine. I reside -in
Westminster; did my fellow-citizens of London send-a deputation

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, JULY 22, 1835.

In another part of The Sun will be found some in-
teresting particulars respecting Lord BROUGHAM'S
visit to Liverpool. -His Lordship arrived in that
town early on Monday last, by the rail-way from
Manchester, for the purpose of laying the foundation-
stone of a Mechanic's Institution ; and in the evening:,
he was entertained at: a public dinner by the Liver-
pool Reformers, whom he addressed at some length in
a speech which produced a deep impression on all who
had the good fortune to hear it. His Lordship com-
menced by some graceful and pertinent remarks on
" the good effects that would result from the adoption
of a system of general education ;" and then proceeded
to observe that " no man could feel more anxious than
he did, for the preservation of that great blessing,
peace—peace with all nations ; peace with America,
peace in Ireland, peace with the enlightened, the great
people of France, our nearest neighbours, and therefore,
as our sordid interests are concerned, our best customers."
By furthering the cause of general education, and doing his
best to raise the people from the state of gross, contented
ignorance, in which the Tories, for obvious reasons, so long
allowed them to slumber, Lord BROUGHAM is taking the
most effectual means to ensure the continuance of that
peace, on which he sets so proper a value. National edu-
cation is the best—indeed the only sure—guarantee for na-
tional tranquillity. Instruct the people, and you at once
rid them of a hOst of prejudices and caprices ; and furnish
them with means by which to arrest the schemes of any
ambitious, unprincipled party who might desire, from mo-
tives of self-interest, to precipitate them into continental
wars. Why has England so often, and so disastrously,
mixed herself up with the European contests ? Because
the mass of her population were incapable of thinking
rightly for themselves. Why is it that she is now so de-
sirous to cultivate friendly connections with all the great
continental Powers ? Because that same population, once
so ignorant, has now become so generally enlightened—
though not yet to the extent that could be desired—as to
see and feel that war is an expensive luxury, in which,
though the few may be gainers, the majority are sure to be
losers. To the magnificent exertions of Lord BROUGHAM,
it is, that this national improvement is in a great degree
owing. He it was who, in a season of doubt and diffi-
culty, when a despotic oligarchy was at the helm,
and when to be the people's friend, was to lose caste
with the Aristocracy, and to be virtually excluded
from the circles over whom their opinions had influence,
persevered in his patriotic career, unmoved by the flat-
teries, undismayed by the threats, to each of which
the Tories• alternately had recourse. Let us not, then,
while now reaping the harvest of knowledge, forget
that it was he who sowed the seeds. He is worthy of our
highest praise—of our undying gratitude ; and this the
more, because vulgar, interested calumny, to which the
greatest benefactors of the human race
.have ever been the
most subject, are now stirring heaven and earth (but in
vain) to lower him in the estimation of his countrymen.
His Lordship's defence of his frequent, familiar intercourse
with that class from which he sprang, and from which he
boasts that he has sprung, and which he may possibly re-
gret that he ever left, was triumphant in the highest de-
gree. But though triumphant, assuredly it was super-
fluous ; and the same may be said of his reply to the trite
accusation that he had intrigued to procure the dismissal
of Lord GREY, to which no man in his senses ever gave
the slightest credit.

Sir „ItoBERT PEEL'S long meditated attack upon the
Irish Church Reform Bill, was made last night,—and al-
though we were confident that the measure was in no dan-
ger-from such artillery as he could bring to bear upon

-
it, we did expect a much more vigorous and effective effort
from the Right Hon. Leader of his Majesty's Oppo-
sition. Of all the speeches of Sir R. PEEL which it
has been our fate to peruse, that delivered last night is,
in our opinion, the least creditable to his talents, either as
as a statesman or a debater. In this long and laboured
affair, we can find nothing that rises above the tamest
mediocrity. No enlarged views of policy, no striking illus-
trations, no happy display of argumentative power, inter
rupt the dull monotony of that common-place verbiage and
official phraseology which generally constitute the chief in-
gredients in the Right Hon. Baronet's oratory.
The sole object of the speaker being to misrepresent the
character of the measure in question, and to throw dis-
credit on the motives of those with whom it has originated,
every puny artifice is resorted to by which its apparent de-
fects may be exaggerated, and its excellencies diminished.
The dreadful injustice of openinf, up tithe compositions,
which may have been fraudulently entered into, is dWele
upon with much pathos, while not a word is said about- the
compulsion which the Right. Honourable Baronet's own
tithe measure proposed to exercise upon the landlords
by transrerring, to them the whole burden of the tithes—
the greatest stride in legislation as affecting property that
perhaps ever was made. Again it is proved, logically
enough, that there will be no surplus ; but then Sir Ro-
➢EnT takes upon himself to fix 2001. as the 171i1111111int
stipend for.every clergyman in Ireland I And he
instances the stipends of the Scottish clergy as enforeing his
argnment,—taKing care not to mention that in the deltic
districts of Scotland, where:the population is widely scat-
tered, there fig many regularly-educated Ministers of the
Church located, under the name of. Missionaries, with sti-
pends of 601. or 701.- b. year, whose duties are far more
laborious than those of any Parochial Minister either in
Ireland or Scotland!

We are sorry that we have not room at present to notice
the Speech of the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER in
reply, in which the misrepresentations of the Right Hon.
Bart. are exposed, and the Bill defended in a masterly
ntmner.

The whole of the Paris Papers of Monday have been
received. The following telegraphic dispatch, dated Bay-
onne, July 19, was posted up on the Bourse at three o'clock
on Monday :

" GENERAL HABISPE To THE MINISTER OF THE INTERIOR,

"As I foresaw, a battle has taken place on the 16th inst. The
Carlists were driven back upon Estella, and hotly pursued thither
until nightfall. Their artillery took the direction of Le?.umbery.
No details are yet known, but that a battle took place apptars to
be certain. It is said that the three Castilian battalions, formal of
Christine prisoners, have gone over to the Queen's troops."
The insurgents in Catalonia have been defeated, wherever
they have been encountered. The Governor of Berga has
killed many of their men. Four bands, under the supe-
rior command of SAMS°, have vainly endeavoured to oc-
cupy the position of LA POLLA. The garrison of that place
has repulsed them with loss. They have not been more
successful at Gassols, where they have also been repulsed
by the Urban Militia :

'Extract of a letter from St. Sebastian of the 12th instant
" Fighting has commenced since the morning at the end of the
bridge of the Bidassoa. Two Carlist battalions, under the com-
mand of Sagastibelza and Ottamendey, arrived from Oyarstin,
commenced the attack. The Urbans vigorously sustained their fire.
It is believed that the Carlists will retire this day in the evening,
notwithstanding their great anxiety to obtain possession of this point
in Spain."
A letter from Bahobie says—" It is reported that the English
cruiser stationed before St. Ander has captured a small vessel,
richly laden, which was attempting, under cover of the night, to
effect a landing on the coast of Spain. It is affirmed that the crew
consisted of five sailors, that there were on board two persons ex-
tremely well dressed, and two ladies. At a time when so many
adventurous enterprises are talked of, this arrest cannot fail to give
rise to many conjectures." .
FIU FUNDS —PARIS, Aux 20.
Five per Cents., IC9f. 10:. sc. 108 f, 95c.
Four per Cents., 99r. 2 !c.
Three per Cents., 79f We. 15e.10e. •
Bank Actions, 2,05( f
Rente de Naples, 97f. 25c 35c. 30c. 25c.
Roman Five per Cents., JOE •
Ilente d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 40.
Route d'Espagne, Three per Cents., 26%..
Royal Spanish Loan, 44
Rente Pcrpet. d'Espagne, Five per Cent., 4134 %
Belgian Loan, Five per Cents, 10134.
Portuguese Loan, Five per Cents., 91.
Portuguese Loan, Three per Cents, 60N.
Dutch Two and a Half per Cents., 561.50 c.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
o.le month, paper, —l' —c. ; money, 25r. 47;4c.
Three months, paper, 25f. ; money, 251. 32c
' —Cn orsAutientivue.

QUARTER TO FOUR. Five per Cents., 1091. loc.;
Three per Cents., 791. 10c. ; Five per Cents. Spanish, 41. ;
Three per Cents., Spanish, 264; Cortes, 40; Coupons, 22. ;
Guebhards, 44 ; Differes, 16i ; New Loan, 50k; Definitivet,
—; Certificates, ; Actives, 481 ; Passives, 14 ; Ducats,
97 30 • Romans, 101; Belgians. 1014-; Pedros, 91; Miguels.
25 ; Dutch, —; Haytian, —; Brabant Bank, 13i.

Despatches from Lisbon to the 11th inst. have been re-
ceived at the Foreign Office. Their contents have not
transpired; but it is supposed that they relate to the second
marriage of Queen DONNA MARIA.

Dutch, German, and Belgian Papers have been received.
Their contents are unimportant.
•
DUTCH FUNDS—AwrEnnam, JULY 20
Money. Rills.
Actual Debt, 2)4 per Cent. ' 5550 55%
• A mort Syndic, 4 !.;, per cent 94', 95
Ditto, ditto, 316 per cent. 79% 80
Loan (19•30) 5 per cent.
Ditto (1622 and 1533) 5 per • cent.
Commercial Company, 4',, per cent lfBt 10' •
New ditto ...101•% 102.):')
Exchange on London, One m0nth............ 12 23i .
Two months
SPANISH FUNDS .;
Cortes at Amsterdam, 5 per Cent 4oii to 414 ,
Ditto, ditto, 3 per Cent 26 to 26!,i
Loan. London (1512; 5 per Cent.
Cortes Coupons
Cortes Deferred Debt
Dutch Papers, July 21.
