SCOTCH BURGHS. -

Lord A. HAmwros brought up the Report of
the Committee 'on Scotch Burghs. The Noble
Lord said, that although as Chairman of the Com-
mittee he presented the Report, he did not assent
to its contents. As they were at variance with
the prayer of the numerous Petitions which had
been presented on the subject, ,he could. not
allow the Report to be read without offering a
few words to the house. He complained that a
majority of the Committee. had not obeyed the
orders of the House, inasmuch as they had not
gone into a fair and full investigation of the sub-
ject. They had given a more convenient turn to
the qUestioti by offering their own opinions. If
the House would order the production of the
Minutes, of the proceedings taken before the
Committee, it would then be seen he had not pre-
ferred a groundless complaint. In- fact, several
of the Committee had retired, because they could
not approve of the general proceedings: The
Mouse would be surprised to learn, that the Re-
port had been prepared during an absence of ten
days' leave, which he had obtained from the
House. When the subject of the Report should
come before the House, he would examine it in
detail, but at present he should confine himself
to moving. that the Report be read.

Lord BINNING said he had no intention to
oppose, the production of the Minutes. They
would; he thought, be harmless and perfectly
useless. Had the Noble Lord confined himself
to expressing his dissent from the Report; he
should have had- nothing to say on the subject ;
but as the Noble Lord had arraigned the con-
duct of the Committee, the House would allow
him to say a few words. The Report was the
Report of the Committee, and not of the Chair-
man. He was aware that courtesy allowed the
Chairman to prepare the Report, but it was, on
the other hand, not very usual for a Chairma❑ to
absent himself for a fortnight at the most import-
ant part of the proceedings. There was no de-
sire to take the Noble Lord by surprise, or to
hurry the Report, but the Committee was not
bound to wait for the return of the Noble Lord.
When the Noble Lord moved the appointment
of the Committee, he (Lord B.) had opposed it,
and his conduct in the Committee had- been in
accordance with his first opinion. The Commit-
tee had concluded its labours, and he trusted the
question would not be revived, as the Report
pointed out a complete and practical remedy for
every real abuse which had been the subject of
any Petition.

Mr. ABERGROMBY said, it appeared from the
statement of the Noble Lord (Binning) himself,
that the prayer of the Petitioners had not been
complied with. He said that the minutes would
.be harmless and useless. This (said Mr. A.)
was because the Committee had taken care to
shut out every thing which could be 'useful. The
usual courtesy of a Committee towards its Chair-
man had been violated, and it was impGS3ible,
under all the circumstances, to say that it had
acted with fairness.

Lord BINNIV'G explained. He had said that
the minutes would be harmless and useless, be-
cause all the evidence was incorporated in the
Report.

[A Message from the Lords here announced
their Lordships' assent to several Bills.]
Sir GEORGE CLERK said, it appeared that the
Hon. and Learned Member (Mr. Abercromby)
had fallen into a mistake, because he was not
aware that the minutes applied for by the Noble
Lord conveyed little or no information, while all
the real information was brought into the Report.
The Committee was willing to meet every obser-
vation which might be made upon its conduct
at a proper time. At present the Report had
not been read, and it was therefore impossible to
say whether the Committee 'had acted fairly or
not. The supposed want of courtesy to the
Noble Lord was explained, from the circum-
stance of the advanced period of the Session, and
the necessity for the Committee making an early
Report.
Sir it. FEacusso-Nr said, he was one of the
Members who thought it 'their duty to withdraw
frdm the Committee. The Members who had
taken a particular view of the subject no doubt
had acted consistently, for they invat!eilY re-
sisted inquiry into every abuse.
Mr. K. DouoLts regretted the Noble Lord
(A. Hamilton) had taken the present opportunity
of charging the Committee with having neglected
their duty. He (Mr. I).) thought, that, if the
suggestions of the Report were acceded to, every
real abuse would be removed.

Air. HualE thought the complaint of his Noble
Friend (Lord A. Hamilton) as to a want of cour-
tesy, was perft,ctly well founded. He (Mr. Ti.)
had attended the meetings of the Committee;
but he was so accustomed to be in a minority,
that he was not surprised to find himself always
in a minority in the Committee. The Petitioners
complained of the practice of self-election, and
the Committee decided that no change should
take place. The consequence wasp, that men
convicted of the grossest abuses were still com-
petent to hold their situations. He regretted
that the majority of the Committee had invariably
patronized abuse, and had his Noble Friend
taken his (Mr. IL's) advice, he would not have
gone into a Committee Ishii predetermined
Members.

• Mr. DUNDAS hoped the House would pause until it should
be in possession of the minutes, the production of which was
not resisted.

The Report was then read, and ordered to lie on the table.
On the motion that it should be printed,
Lord A. HAMILTON explained. • When he asked a Mem-
ber of the Committee whether the Report was trete, he was an-
swered that it was both true and false. He left the House to
judge from this circumstance on the fairness of the Report.
The Report was then ordered to be printed.
Mr. J. PEARSE presented a Petition from Devizes in fa-
vour of the Bill to prevent the ill treatment of Horses and other
Animals.---Ordered to lie upon the table.
Mr. CALCRAFT presented a Petition from t! -.e parish of
St. George's in the Fields, against the Poor Relief Bill. He

did not see his Hon. and Learned Friend in his place, or he
should ask him whether the Bill was to come on that night, and
if not, when it was to be discussed fully by. the House.
The Woollen- Stamp Duties Bill was passed.
Lord MILTON seeing an Hon. Member, the Chairman of
the Agricultural Committee, in his place, which he had not
often the honour of doing, he wishe§t,t4k him, whether the
Report of that Committee was likely made in the present
Session ?
Mr. GOAH said, t t the Report mill 114(made as soon&
as iosrible, He must erve, that the ioZ:o e Lord, had al:Ni\:",
wiyochoseri to pu„t this cpg ticii whet', he (Mr. '.) was out of •
\
the House, although he might lie found lum present at any
other time.

Lord MILTON could assure the Hon. Member, that he had
looked with all his eyes to find him, and it was therefore not
right to sex that he had chosen the when he was absent.
Mr. GOOCII.—" It is a matter• of fact."
Mr. DICKENSON presented -a-Petition-from:Walcott, in
the County of Somerset (as we understood) against the Poor
Relief Bill.--OrAered to be printed.
A 'Petition was presented from - Battersea, in favour of the
Bill for.preventing the ill-treatment of flcrse'.
Mr. Serjermt ONSLOW presente'd a Petition from the
Parish of St. Mary's, Newington, to the same effect.
Each Petition to be printed.
WATER COMPANIES.
Mr. FREEMANTLE said, he held in- his' hand , a
Bill for regulating the supply of Water to tiie
Metropolis. The Hon. Member entered into an
explanation of the proceedings which had taken
place before the Committee, and stated. that the
Bill was in strict conformity' to its opinions.
From the advanced state of the Session he could
not hope that the Bill would be carried through
all its stages, but he*wished to introduce it in
order that the House might become acquainted-.
with its objects, with a view to its being carried
into. effect
.upon a future occasion. There was
one circumstance to, WhiCh be must allude, name-
ly, a notice -which stood upon the paper from the
Hon. Member for Aberdeen of a motion for
printing the minutes of the evidence taken before
the Committee. He condemned such a course,
as being inexpedient, as well on` account of the
voluminous extent of the evidence, as the expense-
which it would give rise.to..*

After a few words from Mr. ScART.ETT and Mr.
HUME, leave was given to bring in the Bill.

P 0011• RELIEr BILL.
MrScAnt.-Err moved the Order of the Dayfor
the further consideration of the Report upon the.
Poor Relief Bill be now read, for the purpose of
postpOning it to Wednesday next —Postpon,ed
accordingly..

Mr. FREEMANTLE brought in his Bill for regu-
lating the Supply of Watei. to that part of Lon-
don and Middlesex north of the Thames; which,
after a few words from Mr. Alderman Bridges,
was read a first thrte, and ordered for a second
reading this day fortnight. -

-EVIDEI:CE OF ''i'llE-COMMITTEE.
Mr. Humt: rose 'to submit a motion- to o.e.
House, for'having the evidence upon which this.
Bill wns founded printed and laid before the
House. The lion. Member read various parts
of the Report of the Committee, and eondemnedi
the Bill as not being consistent with that Report.
ft stated that the 317ater companies had
.acted-
contrary to the spirit of the Acts of Parliament.
by which they were incorporated. He sbould
therefore have expected that a Bill would have
been introduced for the protection of the public
against thorn., rather than one for granting them
further advantages. . The Committee ought to
have compared the- rates of Islo, taking into
consideration the iiigh price of labour at that
time, and 'all other cirnmstances, with acne of
the preso.it period,- and .they would have found
that the establishment of a Water Company might
be kept up at less expence now than in the first-
mentioned year, yet that the rates were nnw to
be considerably higher. The Hon. Memberco
tended, that there was, not a greater quantity Or
water supplied to tit Metropolis now than at
any preceding periods. The evidence upon this.
subject was of the most contradictory nature,
and no one ought to support the Bill without the•
whole being before the Honse. He should there-
fore move that it belaid before the House, with
a view to its. being printed.
Mr. lionHousE seconded the motion, and ex-.
pressed his:concurrence in :what had fallen from
his Hon. Friend.

Mr. WirmoT supported the Bill. The Hon.
Member_coUld not Have read the Report of the
Committee with attention, or he would not have
stated that it deciarecrtheVitrater Companies to have
acted contrary to the spirit, of the acts by which
they were chartered. The passage to which the
Hon. Member alluded could bear no such con-
struction. The present Bill ought only to be'..
considered as a temporary measure, and one to
protect the Public until the House should he in
a situation to legislate some permanent maxico
for regulating the supply of water. lie should,
not oppose the motion, but he hoped the Hon-
Member would consent to the re-appointment or
the Committee, in order to select such part of
the evidence as was
.admissrole or useful to tl:
purposes of conveying information to the Houol
upon the subject in question.—(Hear.)
Mr. Alderman BitinGEs defended the conduct
of the Water Companies; and said he was anxious
for the printing of the evidence, as it would giS'
satisfaction to all parties.

Mr. HumE- expressed his willingness to We.
the Committee appointed for the purpose recoll"/
mended by the. lion. Gentle Man opposite
Wilmot).---The motion was-then agreed to.
AGRICULTURAL fIORSE .TAX.
Mr. CunwEN said, that in rising' to call 01°
attention of the House to the important subject
of which he had given notice, he extremely rep
gretted the lateness of the.period in the SessioP
which rendered it imperative on him to procee"
notwithstanding the absence. of, the Noble M
guess. He • the more regretted this, be6lo9;'
when the subject was last before the House, ti"'
Noble Marquess had earnestly intreated hitt) I,°
wait until the termination of the inquiry 1-)Yr
Committee on Agricultural Distress, pled,''
himself to support the proposition, should theri.):
suit of that inquiry be to recommend I. V.Yt
that requestbe (Mr. Curwen) had complie"' ht
Right Hon. Chancellor of the Exc
hequer hacl
also said, That. any such recommendation on
the
part of the Agricultural Committee w"id 11
be
strong; inducement with him to comply'with tbe
proposition. The object which lie had in viegr.
was one most material to the interest's 01
Agriculture: The -Tax had always been un-
just in principle, and oppivssive in practice.
But the question .now wore a very different
aspect from that which it assumed whok
he had formerly brought it under the ccaf

;

sideration of the House. Formerly he had
felt it to be his duty to propose some substitute
to supply the deficiency which the Repeal of the
Tax in question was calculated to occasion in the
Revenue. But things were now in a different
'state. The Right Hon. Gentleman had since
had abundant opportunities of obviating the evil.
Not only must the Right Hon. Gentleman have
been well aware of the extent of the existing
agricultural distress, but he must have well
k,ll°wn what had passed in the Committee appoint-
-eu to investigate the causes of that agricultural
untress, which every one acknowledged to be
recedented in extent. The result of the in-
.quiries of that Committee had been, that although
there had existed a variety of opinions in it on other
parts of the subject, on that of the agricultural
distress, and of the necessity of affording speedy
.relief to that distress, the Committee came to an
unanimous resolution that the distress of the
country
tion was fully proved. With such a resolu-
(whatever difference of opinion might exist
on other subjects), what would be the impres-
sion on the country if it should turn out that
'Parliament the whole Session had abstained from
taking a single earthly step to afford the relief
acknowledged -- wiedged to be indispensable ?(llear !)
To the vote of that night, therefore, the country
would look, that they might estimate what they
alight expect from Parliament; for, it was evi-
dent, that if the Report of the Committee
were to be made in the. present Session,
It was too late to found any measure upon
it• Ile put it, therefore, to the House, what an-
swer they would make to his constituents, if they
were asked why they did not adopt the proposi-
tion_ which lie was about to submit to them
Would it be becoming in them to say, that be-
cause they found they could not give all, they
therefore refused to give any thing ? He must
again express his regret that the Noble Marquess
'Was not present, because he felt it his duty to say
that, in his opinion,- the present Administration
did not show the feeling which they ought for
agriculture. At the opening of the present Ses-
spion there was not a word in the Speech from the
"I,lvie on the subject of the distress of agri-
euttore. His Majesty's Ministers appeared, there-
frTre, either to be ignorant of the extent of that,
ress, or indifferent to it. It was with him
a matter of no doubt, that there never could be
any description of prosperity in this country,
thile agriculture remained in a distressed state.
i,
heßt.lion. the Chancellor of the Exchequer had,
',luring the last two months, been repeatedly in-
,,,treated to reconsider his estimates. He (Mr.
aurwen, ) was persuaded that if the Session were
1::w to recommence, the majority would declare
17" these estimates ought to be reduced. Go-
;ernrnent ought not to have trusted to any Corn-
mittees ; hut, taking a view of the state of the
OUtitry, have made those retrenchments which
would have enabled the House to sacrifice to the
agriculturists this boon, Trifling 'as it was, it
I"utdi be received with gratitude, and would have
a. most advantageous effect. In the course of the
discussions in the Committee, a Resolution was
agreed to, to instruct the Chairman to move for
the repeal of this tax ; though, subsequently, it
was decided not to do so until the Report was
~_
nde. This circumstance had occasioned the
thlay in his motion. He confidently anticipated
;,,,at the present decision of the House would be
44-,, to begin that work which they must after-
at -rliS ‘arry to a much greater length—(Hear!)—
ah"s most onjust to call on the Agriculturists
e at'e to make .acrifices ; let them be made
"ally by all classes of the community. Was it
Pass Illy
that nearly one hall of the whole income
of
the country could continue to be collected in
t
baikation ? In his opinion, it was utterly anpassi-
e• Unless some permanent protection could be
granted to the Agriculturist, the only alternative
was to cut down the txpences of our establish-
ent at home and abroad, from the King to the
,()west Officer in the State (hear, hear!) But
1?d any disposition been evinced thus to relieve
re burdens of the people ? None whatever. I t
:Lad been stated by some Honourable Gentlemen,
Olin;
the Tax under consideration was a very
Olin; one ; on the light soil it was not much,
cut on the heavy "soilS it amounted to three per
lent. on the rent. It was a Tax the principle of
Which 'was most unjust, being a Tax on the
th"ough, and fell Most heavily on those who were
P least able to bear it; the Tax not only bore
ata..rdi but exposed the farmer to endless vex-
thi°ns ; for, contrary' to the law of the land,
tie Tax Office pronounced every man guilty
b 1' was proved innocent, and the num-
er °f surcharges was in consequence enor-
ti
ol°118) having been no fewer than 139,000 in
he
e Year.' If a farmer once crossed a horse,
was charged with a piCasure-horse, and his
PloughmanShe
was charged as a groom. These were
shxations which ought to be corrected. To
Ni:(l%. how vexatiously the assessed taxes were le-
the d' he instanced the case of a poor woman in
six neighbourhood of Berwick, who having paid
xrasuetice to a man to prune a favourite fruit-tree,
Iler sUrcharged with an occasional gardener, and
(4 goods were actually sold to pay the tax.—
sarear, hear !)—Some persons thought it neces-
vatar the inferior grounds should go out of culti-
thevation; that he expressly denied. Every acre in
ro. that
ought to be brought into cultivation;
"..What was the evil which the Country at pre-
set endured above any other but want of em- '
dent ? And was that evil to be aggra-
. instead of diminished ? If there were
of Increase of employment, an increased price
io the necemaries of life would be of little '
at°,inent. Cheap bread without work would '
length, he was convinced, be found to be
4great evil, as destructive of our manufactures '
1; of our agriculture. The repeal of the Malt
afforded
(although he voted for it) would not have
so great a relief to the farmer as the
:Peal of the Agricultural Horse Tax. The
r'°,nntry had a right to demand some sacrifices to
'U!ii!ve it. This was the only remaining oppor-
t ity to effect such an object, and he called
,Pon the House, therefore, to concur in his pro-
position, which was for leave to bring in a Bill
r repeal so much of the 43d and .52d of Geo. 111.
"3 related to the Duty on Horses employed in
Agriculture.
Mr. Goocn said, that the Committee which

' sat On the Petitions of the Agriculturists came to
a decision that he, as Chairman, should move the
repeal of this tax. The Hon. Gentleman (Mr.
Curweti) in, consequence of this gave way. The
Committee, however, subsequently altered their
minds : for which reason he submitted no propo-
sition on the subject. He was thus placed in
rather a disagreeable situation ; he should, how-
ever, by his vote that night, prove the sense he
entertained of the tax on agricultural horses.
If ever there was an oppressive tax, this was one.
They had now to decide whether they would re-
peal the tax at present, or leave it to repeal it-
self, which must eventually be the case, from the
inability of the agriculturists to pay.—(Hear !)
He saw no remedy in the present situation of the
country but to lower their expenditure, if they
could not raise their means to meet it.—(llear !)
—lt was absolutely impossible for the agricul-
turists to pay the taxes. He hoped, therefore,
those Hon. Gentlemen with whom he was in the
habit of acting'wonld consider this as a great-na-
tional question, as one of the highest importance
to the most valuable class of the community.—
Some objected to the repeal of the tax as being
small, and therefore not affording means of any
thing like effectual relief. However, if they
could not get all they wished, they must get all
they can. Much as he differed in opinions and
politics from the Hon. Member for Aberdeen (Mr.
Hume), he must say, that by his exertions and
industry he had done great service this Session.
He (Mr. G.) could not go back to his constitu-
ents without publicly sheaving that when the in-
terests of the country were at stake, he dared
to do his duty, and therefore he would second
the motion.

Mr. DA,VENPORT supported the motion. With
the exception' of the tax upon salt---(A laugh.)—
he thought that on agricultural horses the most
oppressive. it was a direct tax on the imple-
ments of husbandry. He hoped, therefore, the
agriculturists would obtain this boon before the
House separated.

Mi.. COKE supported the motion. He fully
concurred in what had fallen from the Hon. Gen-
tleman opposite (Mr. Gooch) respecting the ser-
vices of the Hon. Member for Aberdeen. He
had been many years in that House, and he never
saw a more laborious and industrious Member of
Parliament. For his part he would vote lot only
for the repeal of this tax, but of every other that
should be proposed. The ruin and distress of
the country was solely owing to the oppressive
load of taxation.

Mr. Grfirs said that he would support the mo-
tion because he thought the tax ought to be 're-
pealed, and he had before proposed a substitute
for it, namely, a.tax upon the transfer of stock.—
He had since discovered that such a tax could not
have been levied, as the Loan Bill of 1813 would
prevent it. He was not of opinion, however, that
funded property ought to bear the same weight of
taxes with that of land. He believed the
country at large were now convinced that the
low price of corn was ruinous.—(Hear, hear.)
—He -would repeat it, that it was his opinion
even the labouring classes would be better satis-
fied to see the farm produce at a' higher price.
—He thought the Corn Bill, at the'time it pass-
ed, was an exceedingly good measure, hut an
improvement might be made on that system;. it
would, in his opinion, be attended with the most.
beneficial effects, if the importation price of wheat
were reduced from 10s. per bushel to Bs. a bushel,
and then a protective duty of 3s. a bushel to be
laid on----- .
Mr. BARING rose to order. He begged to remind the
Hon. Member that the question was not on the Corn Law.
The SPEAKER said, it was for the lion. Member to say
how' his observations applied to the question before the House.
Mr. IPPS—Adverting -to the tax under consideration, he
would say, that if the House could do no more, the Agricul-
turist would receive the repeal .9f it with gratitude as a great
benefit.

Mr. BARING was in a situation directly oppo-
siteto that of the three members who had spoken
on the Ministerial side of the. House. He had
voted in favour of every measure of retrenchment,
but unfortunately without success ; but the
House having voted the extravagant supplies
called for by Government, he could hot now con-
sent to diminish the taxes. He could not but
express astonishment that any Hon. Gentleman
should think he could return to his constituents
with a good grace, because after voting for every
species of extravagance through the Session, he
had last opposed a tax, the repeal of which was
more immediately connected with his own pecu-
niary interest (if he might say so) than any other.
The Hon. Member for Aberdeen, to whom a late
tribute of applause was now rendered, otit of all
the divisions which he had caused, had never in
a single instance had the advantage of a vote
from those who now sounded his praise. Those
Gentlemen who had now lectured Government
on their want of economy, would soon have an
opportunity of proving their sincerity by the vote
they might give on a general motion in favour of
economy, which an Hon. Friend of his intended
shortly to bring forward. If those Gentlemen
would neither vote for retrenchment in detail,
nor in the aggregate, he did not see that
they had a right to look for that ap-
plause on . returning to their Constituents
which some of them seemed to anticipate.
The expense which the House thought proper to
incur must be met, and if the Gentlemen oppo-
site who wished to relieve the landed interest
could suggest no means of doing this, but by re-
fusing to pay those who had lent them money to
carry on the war, he was quite satisfied that such
an expedient would at once be scouted by the
common sense of the country. Had any thing oc-
curred in the Committee to favour the repeal of the
tax under consideration, it would not have failed
of gaining insertion in their minutes. One Gen-
tleman who had been asked if the repeal of this
tax would afford the landed interest much relief,
had said that the relief thus afforded must
be so trifling that it would- be hardly worth
mentioning. It was, however, thought prudent
not to insert this in the minutes. From what
he had said, it would be seen, that the au-
thority of the Committee might be regarded as'
going against the repeal of the Agricultural Horse
Tax. Convinced as he was of the distress of the
agricultural classes, no man could feel more
anxious than he did to supply a remedy, if a re-
medy could by possibility be supplied ; but the

impression on his mind was, that for the present
the evil must remedy itself. He pointed out the
necessity of keeping up a clear Sinking Fund,
and shelved the importance of preserting the
public credit inviolate, that the Government of
the country might be able to meet any emer-
gency that might be calculated to arise, and con-
cluded, declaring that under all the circumstances
of the case, he could not vote for the motion.
Sir W. W. WYNN E spoke in favour of the md-
tion, and set forth the impottance of , relieving
the lauded interest.

Mr. BENETT (of Wiltshire) spoke against the
Agricultural Horse Tax, considering it to be' an
impost on the implements 'of labour, and most
unjust and oppressive. He wondered how those
could support such a tax who were in favour of
cheap bread and opposed to a Corn Bill. He
had, in the last Session of Parliament, presented
a petition signed by 8000 weavers, who had been
thrown out of employment. They ascribed their
distress to the introduction of machinery, and
wished him to submit a motion to the House for
imposing a duty on machinery. 'Would not any
person acquainted with the first principles of piri.;
litical economy have thought him (Mr. Benett)
insane to have made such a motion ? If, then,
no man would dare to submit such a motion to
the House, in a case where eight thousand men
had been thrown out of work, with what face
Could any' support a tax on horses used in agri-
cultural pursuits ? Measures must be taken for'
the relief of the landed interest. He
,hoped the
honesty of the House would arrays make them
anxious to keep faith with the public creditor ;
but there was a vulgar adage—" we cannot rob
a naked man ofa shi-rt," which 'might be applied
to the case, and the House would' feel that the
interest of the National*Debt could not be paid,
when the means were exhausted. The.agricul-
tural classes, he would repeat it, must be relieved,
and he hoped the House would begin by granting
the boon now solicited.

Mr. W. BURRELL supported the motion, and
considered the tax unjust and oppressive, as its
pressure was most severe on inferior lands. It
was clear that Government did not mean to do
any thing for the relief of the landed interest,
and it was therefore time that they should make
a stand for themselves, repeal the tax now under
consideration, and endeavour for the future to
cut down the expenditure of the country. Re-
marks were made on those who had hitherto sup-
ported Government for the course they now took
in opposing this tax. He had entered that House
when the war was at its height, and had sup-
ported the measures of Government to obtain a.
peace. When peace came, they had been told
that the burdens of war would be removed, but
what was the fact ? All the War Taxes were
continued, with the exception of the Property
Tax, which Government had also endeavoured
to retain. He appealed to the House if any thing
like relief had been afforded in the present Ses-
sion. The 10,000 men had beeicreduced who
were called out when the manufacturers were
reported to be in a state of insurrection, but
these ought to have been returned to their homes
(having been called out for a specific purpose)
the moment tranquillity was restored. The
landed interest ought now to make their stand—
he called them_to make an effectual exe:tion hi
the cause of economy. The salaries which had
been augmented within his memory, on account
of high prices, ought now to be reduced. In
justice to the farmer the Agricultural Horse Tax
ought to be repealed. He would vote for the
present motion, and for any similar motion that
might be brought before the House.
Lord MILTON was amused by the language
held by Members on the Ministerial side of the
House on this occasion. The Hon. Member who
had just •sat down called on the landed interest
to take their stand against the measures of Go-
vernment. He (Lord Milton) would extend the
call to the whole country, whose representatives
they were, to do the same. He hoped the House
would insist on a reduction of the existing esta-
blishments, or ,grant relief by taking off those
taxes which were most obnoxious to the common
eye. He submitted to his Honourable Friend
the Member for Taunton, that, for the security
of the public creditor himself, the Present
grinding taxation should not he continued.
—He proceeded to point out the injus-
tice of the Agricultural Horse Tax, which
he shewed pressed with the greatest seve-
rity on the cultivators of inferior soils. At
the same time that they were about to take
off this tax from the agricultural part of the
population, he would call upon the House to con-
sider whether there were not other taxes from
which the manufacturing and other interests
ought to be relieved ? He did not think there
could be any thing more wise than to relieve the
raw material from the burdens which pressed
upon it. Without the enterprise of the commer-
cial part of the kingdom, the' rents could not be
paid. The shaft of the column might be repre-
sented as the manufactures of the kingdom, the
base as the agriculture, and the capital as the
commerce of the kingdom. Take away the shaft
and the capital, the base became useless. He
voted for the removal of the agricultural horse
tax, because he thought it bore particularly hard
upon the farmer, and that he thought its produce
went to support that extravagance in the present
Administration, which nothing but reducing
their means would induce them to retrench. If
this tax had been taken off a few days back,
he was convinced that they should not have
seen the Hon. Members opposite proposing
the payment of certain arrears which they had
ately been called upon to vote. If his Hon.
Friend (Mr. Curwen) brought his Bill to a se-
cond reading, he should move that it be an in-
struction to the Committee to introduce a clause
for the repeal of the,wool tax. It would be well,
as he before said, to consider on the propriety of re-
pealing, as far as possible, all imports upon raw ma-
terial. He could not do better on this 'subject
than refer them to the speech delivered from the
Throne in the year 1821, recommending them to
pursue a similar.system of policy. Ile should
support the present motion, because he thought
the tax it proposed to repeal was inexpedient,
and because it offered an opportunity for propos-
ing the repeal of others.

The CHANCELLOR of the ExclitQUEß said; that
as this -was not a motion calculated klely for the
removal of one tax, but went to introduce pro-
positions for the, repeal of all others, of whatever
description,which might happen to press on the con-
stituents of the particular Hon. Members who were
inclined to propose them,and as he was of opinion
that no Government requiring, as this, and every
othei must, a financial establishment, could go on
without taxes, he could not vote for this motion.
With respect to the individual motion itself; he
could not be called on to accede to it in obedience
to the general wish of the House; for all whO had
as yet spoken on it differed from each other.—
One thought this tax was not so bad as the Malt
Tax ; others thought that the repeal of the tax
on Salt would be more beneficial, and so on to
the end of the chapter. A financial system, so
complicated as ours necessarily was, could no t
be kept together without great and constant
care, and the firm, and he would say, rnagnani-
inous resolution of Parliament to support pub-
lic credit; and without taxes, he confessed
that he should despair of ever being able
to accomplish these great objects, and he thought
no reasonable man would undertake it. He re-
gretted that they had not the benefit of the Re-
port of the Agricultural Committee to guide
them on this subject. He would appeal to facts
to determine whether his Majesty's Ministers had
been regardless of economy in their arrange-
ments. It was not true, as had been asserted,
that Government had paid no attention to eco-
nomy, and he could assure Hon. Members, that
if this motion were intended to produce economy,
it would not have that effect. With respect to ,
this particular tax, Hon. Members should bear in
mind7the cheapness of provender, &c. for horses,
which if this tax did not exist might not be the
case. If the Agricultural Committee proposed
the repeal of this tax,they would be obliged to
propose some other in its stead. This accumu-
lation of taxes, so much complained of, was
owing to causes' which had not been in the con-
trod of the Ministers of the Crown, and a return
from our present state in that respect was only to
be accomplished gradually, and in the mean time
Ministers were ready to listen to any proposals
tendiirg to effect that desirable object. He did
not think that the repeal of this tax was calcu-
lated to restore that degree of prosperity to the
agricultural interests which it was so much to be
wished they should enjoy. The Right Hon.
Gentleman concluded by moving the previous
question.

Mr. SCARLETT thought that the Right Hon.
Gentleman who bad just spoken had given no
answer to the Hon. Member for Cumberland, or
those who had supported his motion. The ques-
tion' was not whether taxes were necessary to
support their financial system, but whether the
present system, of taxation, which was felt to
bear so hard and so unequally, was to be changed.
The Right Hon. Gentleman said, that although
this tax pressed upon the farmer, it ought to be
remembered that provender was cheap ; that
oats, which the farmer sold, were at a low price.
This was as much as saying, in plain English,
that the farmer was more able to bear the taxes,
in proportion as his. means were diminished.
He did not attempt to answer any of the
arguments tigainst this tax in particular.
He had nothing to say upon the argument against
it, because it fell upon those who, from having
poor lands, were obliged to employ a number of
horses, and their land being less productive, ren-
dered them less able to support it. In short, no
attempt had been made to refute any of the spe-
cific arguments adduced in support of the motion,
in favour of which he (Mr. S.) should vote, princi-
pally because he was of opinion that the only way
to force Ministers to economise, was by taking from
them the means of extravagance. Instead of
four millions being applied to 'a fallacious sink-
ing fund, he thought that sum would be much',
better remitted from the taxes which bore so
hard upon the people. Ile hailed the return of
some Hon. Members who were in the habit of
supporting the Ministers in that House, to a
sense of their duty to the country, and he hoped
they would continue constant to their. present re-
solutions, and that their good example would
operate beneficially upon others. Let them re-
member that economy was necessary in the pre-
sent state of the country, and above all that
economy was public credit.
Mr. HusmssoN was ready to go along with his
llon. and Learned Friend in saying that econo-
my was desirable in the present situation of the
country, and also that economy was public cre-
dit, but he could not agree with him in all the
propositions which he and his llonourable Friend
made to effect that object. Honourable Gentle-
men opposite did not assist them by pointing
out the expediency of repealing one tax, but
called upon them to repeal almost every tax from
which the revenue was derived. One proposed the;
repeal of the wool tax, another of the salt tax,
and others on the window and malt taxes. With
respect to this particular tax, he confessed he
would be ready to waive all considerations and
vote for its repeal, if he could be brought to
think that it was likely to relieve the agricultu-
rists in an equivalent degree. He would alSo be
ready to give a similar vote, even if the agricul-
turists themselves thought it was likely to re-
lieve them. He had made it a point of duty to
look into all the one hundred and twelve Peti-
tions which had been referred to the Agricultural
Committee, and out of all of them the most sen-
sible reason offered for the repeal of the Agri-
cultural Horse Tax, was to be found in a Peti-
tion from Parkenoe, in Leicestershire, which
stated that they were in that part of the county
much employed in frame-knitting, and being in
great distress, prayed for the repeal of this tax.--
(A Hon. and Learned Friend who
spoke last proposed that they should employ the
four millions devoted to the Sinking Fund dif-
ferently from what they did. His (Mr. Hus-
kisson's) opinion was, that when people were
in debt, they should try to get out of it as soon
as possible ; but above all, that they should
guard against plunging deeper into embarrass-
ment. If they pursued a different line of con-
duct, and became in the end faithless to the
public creditor, how could they again apply
for relief in their exigencies ? They Could

not follow a different course consistently with
their honour in peace, or their safety in war. If
they drove away the capital of the country by
errurs in legislation, or by over-taxation, to other.
countries, they would then be in the situation of
a country which had lost its stay, its hope, and
its support. That being the case with respect to
taxation, he was not desirous- of concealing the
importance of that question. He could not, how-
ever; think that thin country, compared with
other countries, was Over-taxed, calculating frOrn
the extent of population, and amount of capital,
by which all these questions ought to be judged.
He. thought that Ireland afforded an instance of
heavier taxation in proportion with its-popula-
tion than this country. Hon. Members had not
suggested any substitute for the tax they pro-
posed to repeal. Ile could not entertain as a
subStitute ttkat absurd system put, forth lately, by
which the country was to rely entirely upon
itself, eonsuming, its own productions. Ile
regretted they had not before them the
Report of the Agricultural Committee; but
he felt perSuaded they would not recommend
the repeal of this tax. The time for the
consideration of this question, he thought, wag
premature, the Report of the Agricultural Com-
mittee not being Made. For this reason -he
thought his Right Hon. Friend right in prOposing
the previous question. He was as desirous as
any of the Hon. Members he then held in his
eye, to see the burdens on the agriculturist re,
moved. Convinced as he was that the repeal of
this tax would operate as a delusion, and be less
beneficial than almost the repeal of any other, he
could not support the motion of the Hon. Mem-
ber for Cumberland. If Hon. Members went on
and succeeded in their course of forcing the re-
peal of all the taxes they had mentioned, the day
would come when they would rue the loss of

those resources by which Great Britain was ena-
bled to sway the naval sceptre of the world, and
maintain its ascendancy over all other nations of
the earth. He called upon all those Hon. Mem-
bers who had supported the imposition of three
millions of new taxes not long since; to oppose
the present motion.
L-rd Mivrox Mr. W. BURRELL, and Mr. J. BENETi',
severally_ explained_ _

Sir J. NEWPORT was glad to find that the Right Honour.
able Gentleman opposite (Mr. Huskisson) saw the state of Ire-
land in its true light, when he thought it was taxed more hea-
vily in proportion to its population than was this country. It
was true that country had no agricultural horse tax, and yet its
agriculture was in a depressed state, but it had many other
things to contend with. The Honourable Baronet complained
of the protraction of the Report of the Agri: ultural Commit-
tee, and declared his intention to support the original Motion.
• Sir C. BURRELL -contended that the albwance made upon
the Schedule of 1816, with respect to - husbandry horses, was
not so mush as the Right Hon. Member had stated. He re-
quest:A the Act might be read.----flt was accordingly read by
the Clerk at the table.]—The reduction appeared-to be from
•17s. 6d. to 10s. 6d. He opposed the •tax on the ground that it
was odious and oppressive.
Mr. CALCRAFT admitted that the subject had been suffi-
ciently discussed; yet he could not suffer the debate to end
without adverting to the manner in which the Right Honour.
able Gentleman
.had spoken of the 112 petitions presented by
the people. He considered the ridicule and censure cast upon
those petitions most improper.
Jr.A HUSKISSON, in explanation, complained of misre-
presentation on the part of the Hon. Member. He gtated that•
out of the whole mass of Petitions sent to the Agricultural
Committee, he had found but ' one in which this relief of the
tax upon husbandry horses was mentioned.
Mr. MABERLY said, lie did not see the economy whiSer
had been expected from the Right Hon. Gentleman.
Mr. BROUGHAM observed, -that. the Petitioners did not
state the relief they expected from the tax on husbandry horses,
becau-se- they lag it to the House to discover the means of xi-
dress. - The tax was not- supported -by any of the principl,:s
which. justify taxation. He opposed it because it was a tax on
the implements of .husbandry. It fell unequally, inasmuch as
it affected land that could least afford to pay.the tax. -
Mr. CURWEN replied..
The House then divided-- . •
For the Motion - - - 141'
For the Amendment • - - - - 11;3
Majority for the Motion
Mr. CURWEN then brought, in the. Bill, which was read
the first time.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER express:d a.
wish to have the second reading fixed for Monday:
Mr. CURWEN said, he was not prepared to• expect any op-
position to the Bill.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, he could
not consider the question decided that night. _ _ _

Mr. CURWEN then c.bserved, that he should press the Eia
to the seend reaehg tomorrow. _ _

Mr. BROUGHAM suggested that the qUestion might be
decided at the next stage of the Bill.
Mr. BARING said those-Gentlemen who did not agree t...)
cut down the finances ought to-havcs at opportunity of deliver-
ing their opinions.
. .
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER stated. that
his object *as to bring the question fairly under discussion.
• Sir C. BURRELL considered the opposition vexatious,. and
recommended his Hon. Friend to. bring the question forward
again as early as possible. . • . • .
Mr. HUSKISSON had never heard more extraordinary lan-
guage than • the term, vexatious opposition. The expression
was applied at a moment when the pleasure, before the HbuS,
was open to discussion. It was not regularly before.the House.
Lord MILTON could not adinit that the measure was not
before the House. After the discussion of that night, • and the
notice iven, every Member
,must have a • knowledge..of the
principle of the Bill.

Mr. CURIVEN declared his intention to bring on the second
reading to-morrow.

Mr..IIRIGHT asked if the Hon. 31ember had any intention
to introduce a substitute for the tax to be repealed ?
Sir W. IV: WYNN hoped the House would repeal the tax,
which he considered most unjust and odious. It was the duty
of his Majesty's Ministers to propose new taxes, not the Hon.
Gentleman who introduced the fill.

• The Bill was then ordered to be printed, and read a second
time to-morrow.

Lord MILTON gave notice, that when the Bill came into
the Committee, he should move a clause to repeal the tax on
foreign wool.

Mr. C RIVEN said, he should feel it his _duty to oppos?
such a clause. He should be the last man to propose any thing
that might affect eti credit of the country. For the measure
proposed in this instance, the Chancellor of the Exchequer
might readily find a substitute.
Mr. MARTIN, of Galway, moved the second reading
of the Amendments on the Bill 'for preventing Cruelty to
Animals.
Mr. GOULBURN moved as an Amendment that they be
read a second time that day six months.
A division took place, when there appeared—
For the B.!cond Reading - - 28
For the Amendment - - - .26
The SPEAKEIL gaVe the casting vote in favour of the Amend-
ment.

The Report of the Committee on the East India Sugaribri.
ties Bill was brought up.
On the question that it be received, Mr.. FORBES opposed
it, and a division took place, when there appeared— . .
For the Motion - ' - - 34
Against it - - - - 1 -
Majority ' - - - - -
The other Orders of the Day were then disposed of, hnd the
House adjourned at Two o'Ctoox this morning.

The Treaty concluded by the. British Agent,
Captain Beuce, at Mocha, inspired confidence
and restored the usual intercourse to its foirne'r
f*.ee footing. The commercial .adiices state, thit
in consequence of the surrender of Mocha, con-
siderable quantities of coffee (for whkli that
part of Arabia is so celebrated) had been broUght
up the. ited Sea to Suez, Which thence finding
their Way to Cairo and Alex,andria, had caused
the markets to be filled with that commodity.

PRICE 01
THIS DAY AT TV
per Cent. Red.,
:! pee Cent. Cons.
per Cent.
4 per Cent 94 933
per Cent. Nary Ann.... shut

... shut

N BRIDGE TO-MORROW,
' Evening, 57 minutes after 2.

F STOCKS

Bank Long Ann.... 19 1-111th
Imp. 3 per Cen ts. -
India Bonds.. • sos.
Excheq. Bills par 2 pr.
Cons. for Opening

HIGH WATER AT LONDth
Morning, 37 minutes after 2. 1

TH ft-47, S

SOLEM QUIS nrcrazli FA LStiM

LONDON,
FRIDAY, JUNE 15, 1821.

We received this morning the Paris Papers of
Monday and Tuesday. They contain no addi-
tional intelligence respecting the progress of the
Greek Insurgents, but confirm several reports
•
concerning their successful operations, which had
previously reached us. The Archbishop of
SEaacs, in Transaxian Macedonia, with a corps
t f 5000 men, has formed a junction with another
corps under the command of the A rchbishop of
TDESSALIAN MAGNESIA, and their united forces
attacked the town of Larissa, which was carried
by storm. All the Turks in the town were put
to death. Thessalia and Cisaxian Macedonia have
entered into an alliance with the Servians, and we
hare 'every reason to believe that the opposition
to the Ottomans from this quarter will be of a
formidable character. It appears that the
Turkish squadron, which fell into the hands of
the Hydriots, consists of two frigates, two cor-
vettes, and four brigs. Their crews were chiefly
composed of Greeks, who mutinied, and deli-
vered the ships over to their countrymen, with
about 900 Turkish soldiers who happened to be
on board them, These troops were sent pri-
soners to the Isle of Milo, but as soon as the bar-
barous murder of the Patriarch of. Constantinople
was 'known among the Greeks, the whole of these
soldiers were put to death.
The accounts from Constantinople are as late
as the 12th of last month. The city had been,
during the three preceding days, in a state of
great agitation and disorder. The Janissaries
-were, it is said, in open rebellion, and demanded
the heads of WILLI', the Grand Seignior's favour-
ite, and of BERBU BACID, his barber. The ware-
houses and shops were shut, and every per-
son found it necessary
.to barricade his house.
—When the messenger left Constantinople,
the Porte had succeeded in restoring tranquil-
lity, but it was apprehended that the storm
would break out again with increased vio-
lence. M. Ii NUT, the principal partner in the
house of. A. PAPPA, SON, and Co. has been im-
prisoned by order of the Government, on suspicidn
of being connected with the rebels, and several
more Greeks had been executed. The total
defeat of the Turkish army in Albania was
known in the Ottoman capital, and the re-
ceipt of this intelligence had thrown the Divan
into great consternation. Orders had been
issued for the formation of an army 'at Sa-
lonica to be employed in the Morea, but the
slow organization of a Turkish army is so
11701 known that we entertain strong hopes the
-Greeks may be enabled to obtain possession
of the fortified towns and castles in the Morea
remaining in the power of the Turks before this
' -army can be brought into the field. It is added,
that the lonian Government has issued a Procla-
mation, announcing that the Captain Bey, corn-
panding the Ottoman fleet in the lonian Sea, has
communicated to them, that the Porte has declared
-all the ports and coasts of the Morea to be in a
-state of blockade, except the ports of Patras,
Naupaeto, Navarino, Modena, Caron, and Alo-
membasia.
The King of NAPLES has appointed a tempo-
rary Junto to concert with his MAJESTY such
measures as may insure the repose and tranquil-
lity of his Kingdom, in furtherance of the royal
promise contained in his MAJESTY'S Letter of
-the 28th of January last to the Duke of CALABRIA.
The Emperors of AUSTRIA and RUSSIA have
addressed letters to Count LATOUR, expres-
sive of their high approbation of his conduct
during the late Revolution in Piedmont. The
Emperor FRANCIS has conferred on him the
Grand Cross of the Order of Leopold, and the
Emperor ALEXANDER that of the Order of St
Alexander Newskv.

equally and reciprocally entitled to the same
advantages, enjoy the same rights, and be
eligible to all public employments, both in
Spain and in America. The annual con-
tributions to be paid to the Mother Country
by tl:e respective sections, is also regulat-
ed ; and the Viceroys and other public func-
tionaries are required to take an oath, on entering
office, to maintain the Constitution of the Spanish
Monarchy,,and to execute, and cause to be exe-
cuted, the present law.
The Diet of Norway has abolished the Here-
ditary Nobility of that Kingdom ; and their de-
cision has given great dissatisfaction to the King,
CJL JHN, who has sent them a message to
suspend this affair.

FRENCH FUNDS.

June 11, Five per Cents
Bank Stock

86 f. 80 c.
)590' f. e.

Its con-

A Flandei§ Mail arrived this day.
tents our Readers will find below:—
FRANKFORT, JUNE 4.—According to the latest
accounts from Vienna, a report is in general cir-
culation there that a Congress is to meet in that
city during the course of the summer; the sub-
ject of its deliberations will be the affairs of
Turkey, which daily assume a more serious
aspect. It appears, by the last letter from
Scullin that several districts of Servia have taken
up arms to support the insurrection of the Greeks
and Moldavians.
" JUNE 6.—A mercantile letter from Constan-
tinople of May 10, says, Last week there was
a great fermentation among the Janissaries, in
which they came to blows; many Greek churches
have been entirely destroyed, and others pillag•
ed. The Government, by its firmness, has averted
the storm that threatened it.• Every day this capi-
tal of the Ottoman Empire is terrified by bloody
executions. The Greek Merchants fly or conceal
themselves, and all business is at a stand.'
" VIENNA, JUNE 1.-.111 consequence of the
happy termination of the war in Italy, and the
restoration of amicable relations, the Government
has annulled the measures prescribed by the
Ordinance of the Bth of April last, respecting
the recruiting of the army.
" The accounts from the different provinces of
Turkey slim that the prediction, that the atro-
cities committed at Constantinople would still
more exasperate the. Greeks, has beeu realized.
The news has spread with astonishing rapidity
through Servia, Bulgaria, and Wallachia, and
has raised up a host of new enemies to the Porte.
The submission of Moldavia and Wallachia,
which had been already spoken of, has not been
effected, because the Porte has refused all the
proposals of the Provincial Government. It
seems that the intervention of the Russian Am-
bassador at Constantinople has not had the least
effect. Wallachia was destined to be the theatre
of war. Several Turkish corps had passed the
Danube, but hearing the defeat of their principal
corps by Theodore, they have retired. Ypsi-
lanti had not yet moved ; he was employed in
giving a better organization to his army, which
has lately been considerably reinforced, princi-
pally with Greeks coming from Bessarabia. But
it is Theodore who plays the principal part in
Wallachia. his plan is to advance towards Ser-
via, there to reinforce his army, then to advance
towards Bosnia.

" With respect to Constantinople itself, the
situation of the Greeks is dreadful. All the
magazines and shops are shut, and every body
confines himself to his own house. Those who
are able to find means seek their safety in flight.
Commerce is totally at a stand.—M. Danut,
Chief of the house of Pappa (brothers), is ac-
cused of corresponding with the insurgents, and
for that reason arrested. The Russian Ambas-
sador has in vain exerted himself to obtain his
liberty. The European Ambassadors neglect
nothing to protect the Franks.

" A ship, which left Smyrna on the sth May,
touched at several Islafuls in the Archipelago,
and Juts arrived at Trieste, brings the news, that
two Turkish fri;;ates, two corvettes, and four
brigs, which sailed from Constantinople to sup-
port the troops which are collecting near Salo-
nichi, to act against the Morea, have fallen, by
the treachery of the Greek sailors, into the
hands of the insurgents : it added, that the
Turks on board, to the amount of 900 men, were
at first taken as prisoners to Milo, but afterwards,
on receipt of "the news of the execution of the
Patriarch, were all put to death. These ac-

counts, however, give neither dates nor further
details,

From Madrid we learn that the Curate ME-
RINO and his bands are daily becoming more
formidable. He now possesses 400 horsemen
well mounted, and occupies a part of Old Cas-
tile. The country appears so well affected to
his cause, that, the columns sent in pursuit of him
know not what direction to take, or are misled
by false intelligence. In the night of the
31St of last month the Prior of the Convent of
Dominicans Of Atocha was arrested, on a charge
of:being the author of a counter-revolutionary
plot, and sent ' to the same prison in which the
unfortunate VINUESA was confined. The KIN°
• DECLARATION
is said to have a private chapel in this Convent, „,,,. „. ././ F , F„
~,i/
AciNiirsy3AlllE_R.
oo3riicEl4l‘,Lt.
LMEA TT AO
lA.
IN;
ED
which his MAJESTY visits frequently. The trial THE co3nAN'tf)E'lt.rt 1
of General Er.to commenced at Valencia, on GOVERNMENTS OF EUROPE.
the 26th ultimo, before the tribunal of the " For above a century the Peleponnesus has groaned under
First Instance, and- on the 2Sth he was found the tyranny of the Turks. ' This tyranny has grown daily more
guilty, and received sentence of death. It
oppressive, and has at length so bowed us down, that we hardly
is generally believed this sentence will be retained strength enough to tatter our sighs. Despair has seized
confirmed by -the KING, as it is feared that us, and we have, with one accord, taken up arms to throw off
if his life were spared fresh disturbances the yoke of slavery. Immediately all the seeds of dissention
would break ont in Valencia, where the rage which despotism constantly cherished among us were destroyed
of the • populace against ELIO is still at its by the glorious influence of freedom. Our 'arms already reach
'height. The Committee appOinted to draw up a ' Barbarianstuf.lecoidn l o whon(i
,ah a
by
loadedexor exorbitant
ttahnetml, withur
i?ohraoi nos;
lords,
oOrdusr feet,no v,
form of Government for the Spanish Provinces tread the path of honyouryt.o regain our rights. Our heads, long.
of South America, have finished their labours, bent beneath an iron yoke, are again raised and supported, and
and presented -their report to • the Government notencouragedovenbeit?2; thee our nattiyoratsfeeling.
except Otou re
xmroeustsh s,
humble which dared
which will be submitted without delay to the plaints, now make the air resound with the express
of ' Liberty !'
'Cortes. It is proposed to divide Spanish Ame- " This Liberty, the blessings of which we already begin to
rica into three sections, each of which is towas a
cuss
possess sta‘t'eve willrll he maintain or perish with it.
Never ;use, more Just, more holy, than ours ; we
a 4eparate Cortes, and to be governed by a Vice- fight for our sacred religion, for our lives, for our honour, for
roy, to be named by the KING. There is also to be ou piroperty,dwhic our oppressors have never respected. This
in each . section a Minister of the Interior, virtu
soil,
virtues
nor.
our
hc h alas the'
with
forefathers,retioy renowned
d heroes,lybyuhnocslers,ota;oldnigngbaenend
of Finance, of Justice, and of the War and Ma- bedewed with our tears, this soil belongs to us ; it is our pa-
Tine ; a Supreme Court of Justice, and a Cmincil
46-4` nil A EuropeD is indebted to it ibr its arts, its sciences, its
of State.—The commerce between America and knowledge, and all its blessings of:civilization. Enlightened
the Mother Country is to he unrestricted,. and Nation ! Enlightened Governments! the time is come to pay
the
Spaniards of the two hemispheres Shall be our debts to Greece' OUT country. We ask of you only corn.
sel, arms; and pecuniary assistance, and will gratefully return

" BRUSSELS, JUNE 10.—The herring fishery of
Embden returns to the Netherlands. The old
Company is dissolved, leaving to the creditors
effects to the value of 323,000 florins ; and a new
Company has been immediately established at
Erukhuyseu, which will begin the fishing this
year.—(Brussels Papers, 12th June.)

A Dutch Mail arrived last night, with Papers
o Wedikesday last. The following are ex-
Tac ts

MOREA, MAY 10.
