NEGRO EMANCIPATION.

MEETING OF DELEGATES

(THIS DAY.)

The Delegates again assembled this morning at ten o'clock, at Brown's
Hotel; Mr. BLAIR in the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN said, one of the first duties which devolved upon the
Delegates this morning was to record some expression of their feelings
on the result of the debate of last night; and as it was desirable that
any resolutions to which they might come should appear in The Sun of
this evening, he would suggest that no time should be lost in proceed-
ing to business. He then read a sketch of some resolutions which he
had drawn up, and proposed to submit them to a Committee for revision.
I`,lr. :'I•AS;SFIP.I.D, of Belfast, thought the present Ministry entirely un-
worthy of regard, but at the same time he considered the leaders of the
opposition to be equally so, and there was no hope of justice from either
party.—(Hear, hear.) The Christian portion of the community knew
not to which party to give their support. They could not expect
anything at the hands of those who were now scrambling for office.—
(Hear hear.) And it was a still more grievous thing to be disappointed
by those who had been borne into power by public opinion.—(Hear,
hear.) He trusted there would be something emphatic in the resolutions.
Mr. BOULTBEE concurred with the Chairman as to the appointment
of a Committee for the purpose of drawing up the necessary resolutions)
This was a most momentous crisis, and the repressntatives of the people
were called upon to express their opinions freely. It was a
lamentable thing to see the planters so infatuated with their own trade
and mystery as to be anxious to keep the negroes in bondage; but it was
still more mortifying that they should have been so unsuccessful with
the Government, who had submitted to be the abject slaves of a small
body of planters, who, as a body, had nothing to recommend them but
avarice, oppression, injustice, and murder, and every thing that could
disgrace mankind.—(Hear, hear.) The planters were smeared with the
blood of their fellow-creatures from head to foot. If there was one
thing more painful to his mind than another, it was that a member of the
house of Russell should be the most conspicuous, daring, and infatuated
man who had stood forward as the leader of these atrocities. He could
hardly imagine that infatuated man to be a descendant of that noble
house, and almost thought that, in the time of infancy, the real heir had
been takenfrom his cradle, and this unhappy man substituted--(Laughter)
—because a man with the blood of Russell in his veins would scarcely
have adopted the disgraceful and horrible conduct which Lord John
Russell had done—(Cheers)—and this, too, when the public opinion had
been expressed more strongly on this subject than on any other. This
opposition to the voice of the people was very bad policy, so far as re-
spected the continuance of the Ministry in office. When Lord Grey
and his party were turned out the people raised their voice as one man,
and drove the Great Captain of the Age, with the cunningest politician
for his aid-de-camp, from the ground they had taker, in about the
same time that the said Great Captain drove Napoleon from Waterloo,
and would do the same again if they considered it worth while.
He would now say a few words as to the consequences. It seemed clear
that if one-half the negroes were emancipated on the Ist of August, it
would be impossible to continue to hold the other half in slavery; and
in this opinion he was confirmed by everything which he heard from the
colonies. The black population was to the white as 15 to 1 ; and if
they determined to adopt a passive resistanccl, they must either succeed or
lead to a rebellion, and then the probability was that the planters would
lose not only their incomes but their property also.—(Hear, hear.) He
could not conceive why men should so set themselves forward in defiance
of all the dictates of religion and morality, as the majority of the House
of Commons had done ; and his opinion was that a public declaration
should now be agreed to by the delegates, stating that they would use
all their influence against them, and on no, account support them when
they should again appeal for the suffrages of the people.—(Hear.) If
there had been at this time any probability of a change in the Adminis-
tration, instead of a minority of 72, there would have been a majority
of three times that amount on the division which took place last night.—
(Hear.) Another question to which he wished to advert was the subject
of the sugar bounties. There had been a great clamour about the twenty
millions, but that was a mere drop in the ocean, compared with the sugar
bounties. The interest on the twenty millions, at five per cent., would
be one million; but colonial produce taxed the country to the amount of
four millions—so that we were taxed to the amount of one hundred
millions, and net twenty millions, by this unprincipled system.—(Hear.)
If there was no combination to support the West Indians against fair
and open trade, the demand for our manufactures would be such as to
give employment to not less than than a million families in the country,
at the rate of 464 a year, whilst many were now starving on the miser-
ableallowance of only ss. per week. There was nothing which would
so much benefit the poorer classes in this country as a step of this kind.
—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. G. THOMPSON said the first question to be considered by the as-
sembled delegates was, what was the precise nature of their position,
and next what was the course which their present circumstances dic-
tated tobe taken, for the purpose of still advancing that cause in which
they had certainly sustained a Parliamentary -defeat, but in which it
should be recollected they were daily achieving great conquests. lie
agreed with the gentleman who had just sat down, that the several ques-
tions which lie had brought under their notice should be laid fairly be-
fore the public, in connection with the question of immediate emanci-
pation. There were several things which were requisite to be done un-
der the present aspect of affairs. A Bill was at present before the Upper
House for the immediate extinction of the system. It was their duty
to support that Bill which Lord Brougham would lay before the House,
by petitions; and on that occasion ample scope would be given for the
full discussion of the question, for Lord Brougham was not a man to be
dismayed by anything which had taken place in the other House.—
(Cheers.) If there had been a general election in prospect, the dele-
gates could have made converts by hundreds. They need not then have
appealed to judgment, and conscience, and reason and principle, which
would have been all out of the quesiion. They would only have had to
gently hint that in a short time they would be called on to make ano-
ther House of Commons, and then every man would have spoken and
voted in the prospect of hundreds around the hustings who were as-
sembled either to bring him into Parliament, or some other man who
would act more in conformity with the dictates of honesty and truth.
The House of Commons now presented one of the most pitiable spectacles
that he had ever witnessed.—(Hear, hear.) He could not contrast the
treatment which the assembled Delegates had received, with the treat-
ment which some six, or twelve, or twenty West Indians received,
without blushing for the House of Commons, and especially for. her
Majesty's Ministers, who had been rescued from destruction by the
interposition of another party, who, hating them and their principles,
amt banded to oppose them whenever they appeared to be the friends of
the human race, had come to their rescue simply because they were
opposed to the Christian principle and feeling of an enlightened and
holy-minded people.—(Cheers.) Under these circumstances what
were they to do? lie said let the country be appealed to, to call on
every man who had voted contrary to the views of his constituents to
resign his seat.—(Loud cheering.) As they had been beaten
by the West Indians in Parliament, he did not see why they should
be called upon to pay their money ignorantly, and he, therefore,
recommended that efforts should be directed to enlighten the public mind
on the system of fraud which was pursued by the planters, who were
taking the money out of the pockets of the people with one hand, and
with the other wielding the cat. o'-nine-tails over the unfortunate slaves.
—(Hear, hear.) There was one circumstance which ought to yield some
encouragement, and that was that they had not during the last six
months laboured in vain—they had achieved enough to recompenie them
a thousand times over for the sacrifices they had made; and it was
cheering to find that even the West Indies were going ahead of her
Majesty's Ministers.—( Applause.) Let it go to the world that the de-
feat sustained last night was effected by a wicked union of the great
parties in the House of Commons—(Cheers)—for the purpose of over-
throwing the will and wish of the country. Let Ministers boast of
their triumph ; their triumph was stained. It was to them no triumph.
They had been saved by their enemies.—(Hear, hear.) They had been
plucked from the jaws of destruction as a Ministry by the interposition
of those who cherished towards linens upon political matters a deadly
and irreconcilable hatry—they stood on the pedestal which they now
occupied sustained not by the people, but by their enemies. Let their
enemies withdraw their help, and they would fall into that infamy which
this act at least deserved, if they were not redeemed from irreclaimable
censure and destruction by the nobler deeds which stood recorded in
their favour .—(Cheers.) Mr. 'Thompson concluded by moving the
appointment of a Committee to draw the resolutions necessary to be sub•
mated to the meeting.

After a few remarks from Mr. Srtioss, the resolution was iman
mously agreed to.

Mr. HAWA RD said that much had already been gained by the agita-
tion. Complete manumission was now certain in some of the islands
at least ; and th4r great object would be gained, unless the planters suc-
ceeded in provoking some kind of insurrection.—(Hear, hear.) All
their efforts, therefore, should be exerted to induce the negroes to yield
a patient submission to the laws —(Hear, hear.)
Mr. STANFIELD, Delegate from Cork, said that an Irish Member,_who
had withheld his vote from the emancipationists on former occasions,
voted for them last night, because he fat convinced that if the present
system were persisted in, after the decision upon Sir E. Wilmot's motion,
reached the colonies, blood and slaughter would be the consequence,
especially if the-Government lent the aid of the military to coerce the
negroes.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. 13aisms was satisfied that great good had been achieved by the
friends of the negro, and that there was no ground for discouragement.
The Government said that they had been for years endeavouring to
obtain from the Colonial Legislatures competent enactments to provide
for the condition of the negro after the termination of the apprentice-
ship. But it was only within a few days that any thing had
been done ; and that was done by the friends of the negro--
not by the Government, which had by its own confession so
long striven in vain to effect such measures. Surely, then, they
have reason to be consoled for their defeat.—(Hear, hear.) They had
also secured, at all events, the rights and freedom of 300,000 persons.—
(Hear.) They had also carried the Order in Council to be sent out to
the Crown colonies, by which the allowance of food was raised from a
pint and a half of flour to three pints daily. That alterations would
never have been heard of, had they not pointed out to the Government
the wrong which was done.—(Hear.) Therefore, their agitation had
done much good. Although there was only a smaller body of 300 or
400 Delegates, yet that delegation had stretched its arm across the At-
lantic, and in so many instances placed a sufficient meal upon the
negro's platter.—(Hear, hear.) The Hon. Member concluded by en-
_

couraging and exhorting the Delegates to persevere, and not to be dis-
couraged by the defeat of last night.
Mr. GILBERT from Nottingham, said that the conduct of those who
voted with the Government yesterday, was opposed to truth and justice.

It was disgusting to hear the hypocritical professions of compassion for
the negroes, which were put forth by these Honourable Gentlemen, as
he supposed they called themselves.—(Hear, hear.) The arguments
which were used by them, shewed that they must be either the most
ignorant of men or the most unworthy of trust.—(hear,. hear.)
He knew very well that Irish Gentlemen were afraid to lose the
present Ministry, and so far as Ireland was concerned, the loss would be
to be regretted—but he did not care a straw for them, for all the good they
did to England—(Hear, hear)—and if they should go out, he would very
cheerfully bid " good bye " to them.—(Hear, and a laugh.) They had
lost all confidence by their disregard of the principles of morality and
justice; and by supporting a system of complicated robbery and torture.
They talked of planters who had carried into effect the enactments
of the Abolition Act—but they had never pointed to a single instance
in proof that any planters had done so. They had nothing but
purr imaginings to show against the immense mass of facts which were
produced,
to prove to what an extent the Act had been violated.—
(Hear, hear.) He had seen in a newspaper a letter from Mr. Smith,
endeavouring to prove that the arguments of Mr. Bulwer were contra-
dictory; because Mr. Bulwer said that the planters were responsible for
the acts of the Colonial Legislatures, who represented them; and at
the same time declared, that the people of England were opposed to the
Government on this question, and were not responsible for the acts of
the Parliament, in which their feelings were not represented. But
the fact was, the voice of the people of Great Britain and Ire.
land had proclaimed that the Parliament did not, on this ques-
tion, of" Hear, hear.") But was this
ttliien, Pr
carseeienseJnatmtahieciar fe,lleali'rb' adoes, or British Guiana 2—(Hear, hear )
There was nothing connected with the present state of the question
Y more than the alleged necessity for vagrant
laws, after
ftexecrittic,de
theirs iemanoxfapprenticeship expired.—(Hear, hear.) He re_
membered what vagrant laws were at the Cape—(Hear, hear)—and feared
that they would be made in the West Indies an instrument of robbing
the ncgro of his liberty after 1840 as much as before,—(Hear, hear.)
As to the Ministers, it was said that they had gained for themselves im-
mortal honour by passing the Reform Bill, and by emancipating the
negroes ; but, in fact, they had done every thing in their power to mar
the good effects of those measures.—(Hear, hear,)
Mr. STANFIELD (delegate from Cork) said that as an Irishman he
had hitherto been a supporter of the Government, but he should cease
to do so, when they arrayed themselves on the side of the pinker.
(Hear, hear.) He was told of some " o,ll:zatY bones,"
which was to start up in their ta4h.). Wit he was not the
