WEYMOUTH, OCT. 12.

This delightful watering place continues still fall of
fashionable*, notwithstauding the lateness of the season ;
nor has Weyntonth been so (Toward with fashionable coat-
piny since our late revered Montrch George 111. used to
visit us. Mt. Bytig, the Member for Middlesex, is on a
visit here with Lord and Lady Thynne. John Denis
Browne, Esq., a nett relative of the Marquis of :Sligo, is
still here, and is residing at Charlotte-row, the bow
the M.P. for Arundel occupied. The Marquis of Bath is
:itoong our latest arrivals. The Duchess of Buccleugh is
also exepected here.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE

EPSOM RACES.

This meeting will take place to-morrow and Friday
We subjoin the following entries

FIRST DAY, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14.

The Metropolitan Stakes of 10 any.. each, with 15 added
from the Racing Fund ; for three yr-olds, Tat. ; four,
Bet. 411,. ; five, B.t. 111 b. ; sir, 94. 21b. ; aged, Ost.
41b. Mares, ke. allowed Sib. The winner to be sold
for 2001.—Derby Course.
Mr. T. W. Goodlake's Jeffrey Crayon, 4 yrs
Mr. Luntley's Weirton, 5 yrs
Mr. Dickenson's The Unfortunate Youth, 2 yts
Mr. Brown's Watchman, 4 yrs
Mr. Messer's Blinker, 4 yrs.
The Epsom Stakes of 10 any.. each, with 15 added from
the Fund; two yr-olds, Get. 7th. ; three, Bet. 10Ib.
Three-quarters of a mile.
Mr. Lumley's Antigone, 2 yrs
Mr. Sc Harmony, 3 yrs
Mr. Clarke's Taglioni, 3 yrs
Mr. Yeashy's b. 1. by Bustard—Mist Witch, 2 yrs
Mr. Arnold's The Pilgrim, 2 yrs
The Burgundy Stakes of 10 nova. each, with 15 added
from the Fund ; three yr-olds, fist. 71b. ; four, Bet. ;
five, Bst. Sib. ; six, 9st. ; aged, 9st. 21b. ; mares, kn.
allowed 31b. ; winners in 1830, once 31b., twice 51h.,
and three times, 71b. extra ; those that have started in
1830, and not won, allowed 71b.
Mr. T. W. Goodlake's Jeffrey Crayon, 1. yrs
Mr. Lumley's ch. h. by Middleton—Nanine, 3 yrs
Mr. Dundits's b. e. by Permits—finish's damn, 3 yrs
Mr. Brown's Watchman, 4 yrs.
Sweepstakes of five toys. each, with 20 added, for horses
of all ages. Heats, one ►rile.

SECOND DAY, IMIDAY.

A Sweepstake. of 20 WIN. each, h. ft. ; for three yr.oldir,
colts Bst. ilb., fillies Bst. 41b. The Craven Course.
Did not fill.
The Wellington Stakes (a Free Handicap) of 25 sour.
each, 10 ft., with 10 added from the Fund. Derby
Course,
Mr. Theobald's ilohadilla, 5 yrs, Hat. 41b.
Mr. Shakel's Watchman, 4 yrs, tat. 10Ib.
Ciptain Ilulkeley's Bustle, 3 yrs, tie. 121 h.
Mr. Maberly's ch. c. by Middleton—Nanine, 3 yrs, feather.
Sweepstakes of 25 says. each, 1U ft ; for two yr•uld cults
•-•-

Sat. 711., fillira, Brt. 111), 'Woodcut Course.
11Ir. Yeasby's b. 1. by llostArd—Miss Witch
Mr. Cates's b. 1. by Little John—Vulcan's thou
Mr. A. It. Arnold's The Pilgrim, by Don Cossack's dam.
The Ewell Stakes of 10 sous. each, with 10 added, for
horses to be handicapped the evening before running.
Sweepstakes of five sovs, each, with 20 add ed, for horses

of all ages. Heats, one mile.

LANDER'S EXPEDITION TO AFitteit.---Le

tent have reached England announcing the fact that Lax-
flex, accompanied his brother, had passed surely
through the Badagry dominions, and had proceeded on-
wards into the interior. The next accounts, it is hoped,
will bring further particulars of the eucceseful progress of
these bold adventurers. Just previous to his departure
the elder LANDIIR published his " Wanderings in Africa."
detailing the perilous expedition in which Captain Cr.ar.
PILLION died. LANDICR, it will be recollected, attended
that amiable traveller in his dying moments. Perhaps
there are few more touching recitals, or narratives of more
intense intern., than hie detail of this melancholy event,
and of his own forluru condition afterwards given in his
.4 Wanderings." LANDXL was the only survivor ti that
unfortunate expedition.
CHARGE OF FOROP.ItYOH THE EASTINDIA
COStrANV.—A young man of respectable appearance was
this day brought before the LORD MAYOR, at the Mansion
House, charged with having presented a forged warrant for
0141. at the Bank for payment, in the name of the East India
Company. Mr. Motivates', Treasurer of the Company,
produced a cheque for 014/. He was acquainted with the
signatures of Mr. MULL and other Directors. He could
decidedly say that the signatures to the warrant were not
those of Mr. ASTXLL and others. The cheque would not
have been passed without witness's signature. The psi•
saner was employed, but not permanently, in the Accoun-
tant General's Office. Witness's signature was forged.—
Mr. EVANS stated the course adopted by the prisoner on
presenting the cheque at the Bank. Witness believed the
warrant to be incorrect. When he told the prisoner it
was a forgery, he said he hoped witness would not expose
him.—The prisoner did not say anything in his defence,
and was fully committed.

A Rev. Doctor in the city, who has mani-
fested a great taste for tithes, and whose parishioners have
the pleasure of paying two and ninepence in the posed,
not content with a splendid income, takes from his Cu
rate, to whom he gives what can hardly be considered
good wages by a journeyman mechanic, any little compli-
ment which persons may be disposed to snake at wed-
dings or christenings, even though the partial should be
his own personal friends, A gentleman some Sims ago,
informed of this amiable trait, determined, on the occa•
lion of his marriage, to be a match fir the Doctor. A
week before the happy day a dozen of wine made its ap-
pearance as a present to the Curate, who did not think the
bridegroom particularly shabby, though at the last he gave
to the Rector his duos, and not sue farthing more.—
Sunday Times.

It is calculated that there are upwards of
12,000 deer in Windsor Forest. Many of them are ex-
ceedingly tame, and will remain unmoved near the roads,
or deliberately cross them on the approach of coaches,
stages, &c. The pulling down of " the Cottage," the late
littra's residence in the forest, and the removal of the
gates and post.; which guarded the approoches to it, have
somewhat disturbed the deer, as many had collected in the
thick- wood surrounding the cottage; and now not fewer
than 2,000 at a time may ace isinmally be seen in a delight-
ful valley on the other side of the public road.—Morning
deartiscr.

THE SEPARATION.---A contemporary thus
notices Lady Cuantorre Buny's new work under this
title. " This new production of the most elegant of our
female writers, is not only the best of her works, but one
of the most interesting taloa offered to the public during
the present season. Without entering more particularly
into the connection between the novel and the living cha.
Teeters who are supposed to have Altoiled some of its most
striking features, we may venture to observe, that its ally-
lions are pretty generally traced to the domestic history of
a Sco►tish Nobleman. Hut regarding the tale of
Se-
paration' simply as a romantic fiction, we venture to assert
that few of our modern novels will be found more replete
with incident, pathos, and purity of moral feeling."

One of the largest and most respectable
meetings we ever reeolleet in this town was held on
Thursday last, fur the purpose of proposing the adoption of
a petition to Parliament in favour of the instant ameliora-
tion, and speedy, but gradual, abolition, of British colo-
nial slavery.—Cheltenhain Paper.

We are sorry to hear it reported that a clergy-
man of the Established Church, in a watering place on
the coast, committed suicide on Monday night in the most
determined mintier.. it is said that after inflicting a severe
wound in his throat with a raaor, but by which he failed
in his object, he stabbed himself to the heart with a pen.
knife.— Glasgow Chronic

AFFAIR or floNoutt I—We are requested
to state that a Second Edition of the Court Journal, of
Saturday last, October 9 (No. 76), containing the whole
of the Correspondence between Lord ilt Nona 7kl Colonel
and Major FilltaltALV, 01101101 ERZ EbTA NUR, Lieut.
Batman, ?cc., is now ready for delivery. The same
number contains, among other interesting original papers,
an article on the New Court, anti its influence on society,
tic. The Court Journal is regularly published every
Saturday, and supplied, free of postage, be all Booksellers
and Newsvenders.—The Office is at No. 19, Catherine-
street, Strand.

A good deal of excitement took place here
on Saturday, from a report having been circulated that a
ship bad entered this port with the! plague raging among
her crew.—The pilot and three other officers who went
aboard were not allowed to leave her. The medical ga,..
tlefnetu who went to ascertain the fact, we are happy to
say, declares that though there less been a good deal of
Moms, and one poor fellow died, yet it was not any such
dreadful affliction as the plague.-1103tort Gazette.

SPIRIT OF THE PUBtla
Some of our contemporarielltave Dublin Co
respondents, who seem -to be- haurited• bY serious
fears fur the tranquillity of Ireland on the ApprOeoh
of the November term, not from nightly outrages by
ltibendmen or Rockites, but from by
" men of all creeds and parties, who have ,set their
hearts" upon the repeal of the Union, mid who are
likely " to agitate that subject with much energy
and (lett ratination—not as a secretion, but as u na-
tional and all-important question." We con scarcely
ing ourselves to believe all this. Mr. O'Connell it
indeed to arrive in Dublin, and is about to orgunizo
it new confederacy for " the redress of legislative
grievances ;" meaning, thereby, the retirees or aboli-
tion of the Uniou. Nothing is more likely than the
formation of such a project ; nor, judging from pre-
sent circumstances, few things less likely than the
success of it, through arty co-operation which cult be
looked for between " men of all creeds and pettier."
The single party from which, as we understand,
touch zeal is to be anticipated in such a cause,
is that of Mr. O'Connell himself, together with
the knot of professional agitators, who them-
selves constitute rt " grievance" requiring greatly
" to be redressed." The shopkeepers of Dublin
may be considered the elective body of which Mr.
O'Connell and Co. are fit representatives on the
Union question. Dublin, of course, has lost in one
respect by the Union, which draw to other quarters
the Irish aristocracy and their profese expenditure;
but we do not know that the country at large has
*offered from the same cause, ut least in any thing
like the same proportion. That the late disturbances
in Belgium, with their unhappy results, would afford,
a rude material for the fancy of Irish demegogees
to work upon, and be converted into a topte
eiteraent, leading, if possible, and in due season, to
insurrection agatiost the British Goverment, few
persons who have watched the manoeuvrings of lac-
lion in Ireland could entertain a doubt. Before a se—
paration oftheNetherlands flout 11011 and Was dreamed
of—because long before the overthrow of the Frenrh
Bourbon Government---Mr. O'Connell bad "orga-
nized" his measures for stirring up the people of Ire.
land to clamour for a repeal of the Union. This was
indeed very shortly after the repeal of the Catholic
disabilities had been accelerated (and in saying so
we mean no reproach) by the same instrument
of clamour. The case of Belgium, therefore, has
not been the original moving power in this ill.
omened enterprise. It has been a subsequent " God-
send"—that is But what analogy does there
exist between the condition of Ireland and Belgium
Belgium is alleged by the Committee of Grievances
to !we paid more taxes under the Dutch sway than
she needed to have raised if self-governed; and the
utiministration of her affairs has been utmost ex
elusively confided to Dutchmen, more favoured by
the King than were, generally, his Flemish subjects.
Is it the fact that Ireland contributes an undue pro-
portion to the payment of interest on the national
debt of Englund, or to support the Goveru-
meta of the latter country ? Is it not notori-
()tidy the reverse ?. The expenses of Ireland areas
disproportionally paid by the people of .Etightod,
whose whole system of taxation has been loaded
with items, from which residents in Ireland are ex-
erupt. If Ireland were left to herself to-morrow,
he must be a dexterous financier who could extract
from her the mean* of supporting a separate Go-
vernment, or of sutisfyieg the claims of the public
creditor existing befnee the Union. Is it true that
the offices under the King's Government are
filled in Ireleutl by Englishmen, in preference of,
and to the exclusion of, natives ? The reverse
again of this position is the fact. Few place.
men are furnished to Ireland from this hide
of the water. Whole colonies of Irishmen are este-
blished here, and are found in every department of
the State throughout England, among its highest
tn'! most lucrative orders. And how are the sales
of Irish commodities affected by the Union with
Great Britain ? Irish corn is freely imported hither,
while that of every other soil on earth is (unjustly)
excluded by law. The mile of Ireland, her second
• staple, are brought freely to the British merket, and
the Intent; and distilled liquors of Ireland enjoy
like preference to others. Ilow would theim pro-
ductions of Irish industry fere, if once the consuries -
should be separated ? But the " counset of the.
Clown" was to be maintained I Fudge! The
same interest which brought about the trouble of

Belgium—the influence of a Catholic priesthood,
subsequently overridden and superseded by the re-
publicans--would make short work with a Pro-
testant Crown. At present, we repeat, there hi
little to dread, however much to censure, iu these
wild efforts for subverting the Constitution of the
United kingdom, although the spirit, and its gradual
fermentations, must be watched vigilantly by all
honest men. We apprehend, nevertheless, but little
risk of any Irish party, of even moderate iiitlnence,
aiming at a French connexion—the only result of
the Belgic troubles which (improbable, we admit)
there would be much reason to deprecate,—Thnes.
The clamours against the wine-duties in France
had become so loud and so general, that the
nistry have been obliged to introduce a bill for their
modification and reduction. In some places this ex-
isting taxes could not be levied from the poverty of
the people, and in others the tax-gatherer hes been
repulsed by their violence. For three years past
the owners of vineyards or manufacturers of wiry,
have been suffering the greatest distress for want of
a market, while the consumer has been prevented
from deriving a proportional advantage from the
superabundance of their cellars and the lowness of
their prices, by the pressure of Government imposts,
or the restraints of fiscal laws. During the Murtig.
nac Administration, the proprietors of vineyards
memorialized the Government and petitioned the
Chamber to obtain a consideration of their case, and
a redress of their grievances. Their Committee,
sitting at Paris, took every method to enlighten both
the Legislature and the nation on the extent of the
privations which the wine-growers endured, and the
impohey ofrestticting the consumption of so necessary,
an article by oppressive taxes. They represented in
their memorials that the quantity of wine annually
produced in the kingdom amounted to upwards of
40,000,000 of hectolitres, or 8,000,000 of pipes;
that its value amounted, in ordinary years, to more
than 30,000,0001. sterling; and that 3,000,000 of
people, or about a tenth part of the nation, de.
petaled for their subsistence on the employment
which its production afforded. From various causes
—the chief of which was the pressure of taxetion—,
the consumption had been diminished. The pro-
prietors, in consequence, complained Out the capital
laid out on the improvement of their, lands had been ,
rendered unproductive; that the accumulation of
years lay ou their hands; and that prices had COOse.
quently fallen so low that a pipe of wine was of less
value than an empty risk. The memorialists further
complained, that while oppressed by taxes at home,
s
m preventedarks fromby a
tiottilliins,talludptivo::Eolniiitttnii,ciorylalyi rtligtoettinh,
olotmfus
com-
mercial ittltleyforweeigrne
begun as soup ors
es
prohibitions. They therefore pra) ell
that the Government imposts might be re,
duced, and the system of foreign trade modified,
Had the Martignite Cabinet continued in power)
there is no doubt something would have been done
to silence complaints, to tooth irritation, and to elii„
mate trade. The Miniver! administration only
ied with the task of
cif
liviafeteeylvilerieieptnolgft
oitltotitilattiolehtmetlelogCucoicauttilihsaasiernttoi.ilocii:clapeiruaisrr,pls together to d►smlss them, mstd
ot
the national liberties to think of the "„„1
re,,
l industry. Meanness, the cir~
vement, rind the new (:=ovcrn-
cumstunces of the country have shown no eymptoma
o it
etwoojuibll:el Istiloo444#Plrteorapovroysedaosln changes,
teletiiere
in ode of c)oulltercutlii otnu!wnaie~tl in France :sq*oe:liii preseive. Their produce umoueted wily to about
100,000,000 of francs, or 4..000,0001 -
whereas, the taxes levied on English maltr.liquars
alone,e l bBe,foooreo:ohoewr.espleearlli
itee
.4,1..iu:oty1:011011:vo.uron
tei
ng,
duty, about 400,0004 for hop duty, and 3,400,0004

for beer duty, without including the licence duties
of brewers and maltsters. This amazing revenue
(be it remembered): is levied in England on a
community of 13,000,000 or 14,000,000 of inhabi-
tants, the higher ranks of whom consume little
beer; while the 4,000,0004 of wine duties in France
are levied on a population of 32;000,000, whose
chief beverage is wine through all claasse. But if
the people of England had reason to complain of
the regulations for securing the highest amount of
revenue from malt and beer, the Freneh wine-

grower had much better reason for struggling
Against the impolitic restrictions to whichihe was
subjected in order that the Treasury might share
in the produce of his vineyard, or interpose its rapa-
cious hand between him and the consumer; Wine
was made the subject of four different kinds of im-
posts, under the names of duties of detail, of circula-
tion, of entry, and of licences ; the first yielding
58,000,0001., the second 9,000,000 C, the third
17,500,000 f., and the lust 3,000,000 f. The ex.
ciseman, iii order to levy one class or. other of
these duties, kept the wine-grower, the wine-
dealer, and publican, under perpetual surveillance,
and interposed every where between them and
the consumer. The juice was no sooner ex.
pressed from the grape than the revenue officer
took it under his care, and it could not pale
from one cellar to another without his permission.
In order to circulate in the country, or enter a
town for consumption, it must pay duties and ob-
WEI permits. The consequence was, that wine was
often raised 300 or 400 per cent. above its prime
cost, before it reached the consumer. There is no
wonder, then, that the exciseman has been treated
with little ceremony in places where the people lull
plenty of wine, but were not allowed to drink it
without paying duties which they could not com-
mand, The Bill introduced by the Minister of
Pittance on Wednesday lost (this day isc:nnight) will
have the effect of tranquillizing the people in some
of the disturbed districts, both by reducing the
duties anti, changing the mode of their collection.
The drafts de circulation (about 9,000,000 L) and
of detail or exercise (58,000,000 f.) ate 'suppressed,
and a less vexatious way of levying the rest is re-
commended. Still the proprietors of vineyards are
dissatisfied, and demand a total abolition of the
duties on wino.— Times.

We have a sort of second edition of the Memoirs
of. P. P,, Parish Clerk, showing the importance of
a man to himself, in a laboured -vindication of Mr.
Cartwright, the Secretary of the British Embassy
to the Nether Jamie, end his principal, Sir Charles
Begot, which appeared in a Morning Contemporary
(the Thies) of yesterday. The following is the
communication to which we allude:---
o Ilaussses, Orr. 0.--Among the many instances of
absurdity exhibited in this distracted town, I may notice
an attempt to throw blame on the conduct of the British
Embassy during the progress of the late events. A few
mischievous malcontents among our countrymen, at the
head or whom figures a creek brained travelling tutor,
known by a recent work on Portugal, leave been endea-
vouring to get up a meeting, to pairs a vote of censure on
Sir Charles Bagot—for what specific cause T cannot well
explain, for no ono of the least respectability being found
to support the proposal, it fell innoxious to the ground.
It would be not worth alluding to, were it not well to
inark with reprobation its pitiful authors, and' to set the
better class of English in the Netherlands right on a sub-
ject which has been pretty widely thierepresented.
Shortly after the French revolution of July last, and
during the revolt here, two paragraphs went the round
of the English and Paris papers, stating that Lord Stuart
tie Robley on the one hand advised the British residents
to quit France ; and Sir Charles Begot on the other
recommended them to remain in Brussels, Nobody who
knows enything of the ditty of diplomatists believed a word
of either report. The drift of such inventions could be
divined without witchcraft.
" The fact was, with respect to this country, that Sir
Charles Ilagot replied generally to some applications for
passports (called for under fears of en attack against the
city by the Prince of Orange, in the latterend of August
sod beginning of September), that he saw no reasons for
the Reel& quitting the place beyond those arising from
the inconvenience of its "Ousted internal state. The Am-
bassador, no doubt, knew the pacific and conciliatory inten-
tithe' of the King and his aim, and went even beyond the line
of hie strict obligations, fromlhe with of sparing the trouble
of a removal to nervous or timid applicants. It is,
however, certain, that when symptoms of anarchy became
evident, Sir Charles Begot matte no secret of his opinion,
that those who could with convenience remove would be
wise in doing so ; and instances might be cited of his offer-
ing assistance to those who, in the embarrassments of such
a time, might require it.
" Bet his opinions were only those of an individual re-
siding at the Hague, 100 miles from the scene, and by no
means so well able to judge of the actual state of things as
those on the spot, who, aa it now appears, expected froth
him a sharpness and length of vision proportioned to their
own purblind ignorance. When Prince Ftederiek`e at-
tempted entrance, on the invitation of many of the eiti-
seat, tame round, few English had wilfully remained to
witness the perilous attempt, A Proclamation announc..-
ing an attack in ease of resistance was universally known
within the city two days before It was made; and although
Mr, Cartwright, the Secretary, occupied the Hotel of the
Embassy, it certainly was not his business to sound an
alarm, in addition to so manifest a warning.
" In short, the Radical Pitman who, by the bye, fled
from the place during the attack, and the few others who
now join his cry, if they do not' quite follow his example
of flaunting about with a bunch of rebel rib:lndy at their
breast and a revolutionary cap on their head, met one and
all he told, that had Sir Charles Begot or Mr. Cartwright
given the notice to quit,' which is new retrospectively
rlsmoured for, they wouhl have been guilty of
gross dereliction of duty. An Ambassador shouhEeer-
taialy warn his fellow-countrymen if a declaration of war
or au act of hostility is about to he committed by his own
Government against that to which lie is accredited. Were
he to do so in any other ease, be would he but giving a
fable impression of foreign interference, and probably
compromise the best interests of the country he repre-
sents. In the late events, both King and- Prince, and
Ambassadors, were deceived and taken by surprise.. They
all believed the Royal army would be received as liberators,
and march in in triumph ; but even, had our Ambassador
known the contrary, it was his bounden duty not officially
to deism his knowledge.
" Let this explanation suffice to silence the little knot
of grumblers, and he a warning to those who take their
cue of complaint frum obscure adventurers, the secret of
whose censuree is to be found in the contemptiona neglect
which the King's Representatives at foreign Courts are so
often obliged to deal out."
Mr. Cartwright, no doubt, appears a very import-
ant personage in the eyes of Mr. Cartwright, and as
he naturelly.enough imagines that the attention of
ell Europe is fixed on hint at the present noneent,
and, like other great personages, feels an anxiety
that the pot which be has acted should, at on 'lin-
portant crisis, be faithfully handed down to poste.
Illy, he has taken upon himself the task—which do
ono else would ever have thought or—of doing it*.
tics to his own merits. Many persons here been in
the habit of grumbling at the enormous cox pence of
our diplomatic reletions with the Netherlands. Our
Embassy costs us about 'AWN. a year, while we
believe the United States do not expend on their
Minister to the Netherlands above 60011 a year, and
the King of the Netholunde, who, Eke a prudent
Dutchman, was too fond of tilling his Oivtl pocket,
to allow much money to find its way into the
pockets of his servants, did not, we suppose, pay
more for diplomatic services at this Court. It is
difficult to conceive a more agreeable office than that
of Ambassador to the Netherlends, remunerated ns
be is in 44 princely a manner ; and as the dissohe
tient of this new kingdom moist have suggested
some rather awkward reductions in the way of emo.
lament, both to Sir Charles and Mr. Cartwright,
it is little to be wondered at, that from the first Of
the disturbances they should have displayed suck
praiseworthy anxiety to enable the 'British public,
through the columns of our Ministerial content.
priraries, to have fair and impartial accounts of the
proceedings -in. Belgiurn. The • Dublin Evening
Peet wonders that sonic of the correspondents of
the Time* Journal ohoold, tx lay the least of it, be
so very Much' misinformed in pretending that the
Belgictis had no real causes of complaint,"itod gives
a letter from Cieneral Cockburn, who Visited Bely
glum four years ago, mid Made noes on his journey
in corroboration of his own views. Genera. Cock..
burn does not, Weed, appear to Lave looked at
Peigium through Mr. Cettwfigkee specteeles; he
