hUPLIIIOR ADvice.

T is Of_ the first consequence to ascertain on
whose talent and interity a firm reliance maybe placed
in affliction. Mesire; CURRIE: and Co. Surgeons oVeinf.
nence, and high professional attainments, Metuboss of the
Royal Colleges of London and Falinbltruk, present toThe
Public the result of 30 rears experience in the Cure of
VfPI-111.ITIC CONIPLXINTS; 'and' those Debilities -svbiell
not unfroptently embitter life. In the vigrous gradations,
from recent infection tit confirmed Lues, their treatttlent
Vraltnaatts very often a speedy and always& radical cute. In
iltiliions eases, their long: and well arranged experience giv4l
them a proniptitudef of 4ittisiottthat secures- the patient troll*
being mcrcortalized out of existence, or having_hisconniin-
tion rindcrinined, and the vital principal destroyed by* latent,
but insidious disease, or a blind and fatal confidence shallow
'pretenders. In Nervous-Debility', Vascular relaxation, nod
,honey of the. Organs, arising from iininiencie,, insalubrious
climates, or solitary :ettsuality, the practice gives new life and
energy to the system, inArvery ease. Strictures**d isther de
rangetnents of the Urethra they remove in a Mildand.effectital
manner. Slight and recent cases of infection sire cured in
the slum, perttui of two days,' and in those of the inmost in-
veteracy a proper perieteratice in their 'plan of treatment,
insures to-the patient a permanent and radical Cure.
„Patients treated with candour, and invinlahle secrecy.
,I.lli:nrs. Curt ic"and Co. may beconsulted evriy day, at 'their
House, 107, Hatton-gardel. -Letters (rent the Cininttr.
stating minutely the cute, noida of, licing,sike. end enclosing
.tymittinice fqs Advice and Medicines, will irtatt.d with
'studious atteutivo.o.lo,,

• The morning of the 27th of August; 1816, pre
sented to the view of the combined squadron- rite
city of Algiers about 4 leagues on the weather bow.
Anxiety to combat vt as depictured on every coun-
tenance, and every bosotit throbbed high to cover
themselves with! honour, and rescue their fellow.
Christians from ignominious slavery. Evyrysaii
was crowded with alacrity, and each ship of the
-combined stradrona cleared for action. At 7 oh-
,. ~
served n !.frigate standing out of the bay under
French colouiS. At 9, the Severn went in with
a flag of truce, the fleets beating to windward
with light variable airs, , under all possible sail.
At,ll, 30, the Admiral made the signal lor diil-
ner, to :which We piped accordtegly,'' and at 12,'
25, P. ss we beat to ltiartcrtt, ont"..witic boats and
manned and armed them, eased the anchors down
for letting go, &C.', the-Admiral havbig matte the
signal to prepare to anottor And engage the ene-
my. At 21 we bore up in the following order of
battle': Queen Charlotte ; literon sloop as tender ;
'Superb.; Britomart tender ; IMpregnable ; Mu-

tine tender ; Minden ;. Cornelia tender ; Albion ; Ii
Leander; Glasgow ; Granicus ; Setern ; He*
brus, and. Promethe,us, At 2, 50, the. Admiral ;
•
anchored, and moored head and stern about sixty
yards off the Mole Head. ,At ,3, 10, being
cable's length froM the Admiraj, and,close un-,
der the batteries, we cletredrup the topsails tri the
mast...head, and let go two,hower and twOstkoan-%
chors, when the enemy fined a, shot, supposed to be,
eitberat us or theQUeen Charlotte: The Admiral in-
itatitly return'ed it, with a broadside, and a most
tremendous fire commenced from the whole of the
batteries, the ships nacho] lug in succession and
entering into a general 'action, with, their star-

board broadsides, except the Dutch ships which
engaged on the larboard! side. The Superb and,
Granicus were opposed to a battery of I g*.and."32'-
• . . .
pound-tit; 'shout...Oa nuttitriff, tft:t 4we Oise tv v d
that our shot made a considerable IRil)i't'S3iAtt On
the Works, that they flinched itt thetr tipper tier,'
and had a great. '.many guns disabled,. ~.At.D.4),nt
'erved the battery,a-heatn. ceasit4firing -their up.-
l'er tie,r, their gUas' het' ; disinqunten ; :but the i!
enemy stilt annoyed its fronilt)teirower tiers aaurl
will, musketry, with as mach fierceness as
At 6, 50, the -whole of the enemy's flotilla, con-.
sistiug of five frigates, six . corvettes,„ brigs,
sehointers, gnu and rowboats, &c..were in one
Ethic, and the Queen Charlotte, to avoid danger*
as they drifted out,'. was obliged to shift bettbirth
northivatd;- The-tipper tiers were now altogether
silenced, and the lower much slackened, tbe tfli9')Y
!rallying at their guns at:intervals,. and [ening tis,
.wit li 'initiketry front their embrasures. About- 8,,
30,from keeping tip such a- brisk m
and
cotint!
•flre, we !found our powder getting rather short.
Orders, therefore. were given to flte only
at these embrasures, which continued the,
action, and to spell some of our —guns.—
Dnring ell this time the bombs and: gun !mut
.rOcket-boats had performed their ditty ,on 01:
4nerny's town and works, with visible effect. Ai
;eleven our Captain, first, third, and seventh Lieut.
tenttiitit being wounded, and the Admiral, sending,.
4twat for ships disabled,to be taken in tow, we,
slipped our cables, anti OitY Shattered state only
allowing us to set our Mizen main top-
Mast and sprit sulk were towed. out of
gun‘shot by theJtritomatt, at-the rate of about
half a, knot an hour, e*posed ti it the other data,
to a rakinti'flrelCain'tWo y guns. On get-
ting out '01'1;60'11e' range, we found our three
loweriiiiiits 'and bon -sirs it, hilt-masts, lower and
top-sail yaards,< driver boom, sand gaff, jib boom-,
'cm. very Sevetelrinjured, the' riOink!!ilkaiifnify
cut up, our ►bairn nine largeiltot through
the heat of :it, liesictes being-otherwise much cut
Up with grape and langridge. nine shot het ween
Wind and water, independent of many hi the'
anti ours lass in kille&andwoUnded.neariy }ta—
me appearance of titer, fleet standing out, with
the glare of the enemy's burning ships and arsenal
an their shattered masts" and' sail's!, added to heart'
peali df thunder and vivid :flashes, ot• lightning,
together with torrents of rain, combined altnge-:
titer to form a scene awful' and sublime bey-anti
deScription. t seemed as if Heaven 'itself 0,4-
deo-Mined to pour down its, vengeance and,
terminate these savage:- barbarians. At 1, 30,
, A we anchored, with our only reinaining.an-
yhtl, the rest being left behind; and lifter giving
our wetiiied lark a few hours reit, we turned them
hp to clear. the decks and repair damages. in
the morning the Admkralsent in
,a flap; 01 truct,
and the Dev returned word, by the Stittedish Con-
sul, that he would comply With any irm9. Tire
day lo.fnte he had told his principal trtiVet-S that
be would hate us to whitewash his wails iaa less
titan halt au bout atter the cOmmencent of the an-
iStlt what could Withstand a squadron len
•

The enemy were not very nice in their use of
missiles. Broken giasi, old nails, spikes, and
other articles of a similar nature, were fired in
profusion, and did no little mischief. ,The number
of the enemy's guns amounted to 1,001, of dif-
ferent calibres, one of them with seven bores on
the Mble Gateway, while that of the attacking
sqtradron, exclusive of six Dutch frigates, lour
bombs and five gun-boats, was only 702.,
idquiries.as- to the amount of loss on the
part, of the Algerints, it appeared; ithar iu killed
only, 5000 Janissaries. and trtith 5 to 6001) Arabs
fell, besides'women and children, A shell thrown
Front one of the bombs burst itf' a house, where
nine children were assembled, and unhappily
killed the whole ; and there was scarcely a house
in the city but' what had suffered more or less in-.
jury from the bombardment.
