AMERICAN PRIVATEERS.

. . Liverpmit,.sept, IS.
Me. Enitoß,—An idea has struck me, which
may po.sibly be improved upon, and rendered of
utility in the protecti6p of our trade from the ra-
vages of the enemy's privateers. As his Majesty's
shins, frOm their construction, are incapable of
yielding_the necessary protection against the light,
swift-sailing vessels of the enemy; and as the in-
trodu4ion of .a similar class, of vessels into the
Royal- Navy may he liable _to many objections ;
suppose the cries of London and BriStol,-and the
pprt oiLiverpool, aided by the other commercial
places of'the 'kingdom,' were to fit out a squadriin
of private ships .of war, :for the express purpose of
'cruizing during the winter on the infested coasts :
Such squadron miot consist of six or eight of
the finest American schooners already in our pos-
session, fitted out.in a veyy superior and improved
manner, with batteries on the Congreve principle;
if applicable, manned by Volunteers, 01l English,
A. B.'s, and officered-by men of tried courage and
known skill amid 'perseverance, (of which, thank
'God ! there -are
,plenty still to be found in Great
Britain,) am) under the direction of a Committee
of the most respeetableMerchants, possessing nau-
tical knoWlege, chosen from the different sub-
scribing places. A squadron of this description
might be bought, and completely fitted for a six
month's cruise, at an expence, (if expence upon
such an occasion is an object) of less than a lain-.
dred thousand pounds; and the first.oufld be the
only eXpence, as the crews would sail on shares ;
so that if they made no captures, they would get
no re:mut:ration : a bounty might. he given upon
entry, which could be deducted from the prizes,
or,„ at the end of the cruize, made.a present of
to the crews, if they behaved, as they doubtless
would, in a manner deserving the -approbation of
their*Mployers.• The men should also be assured
some: provision for themselves, in case of being.
wounded, and for their 'families, in the event of
-being killed in action. All this might be accom-
plished by public Subscription, and of the effects
none need,doubt : Even as a stimulus to the Navy,
its value cannot he sufficiently appreciated.
In .the event of capturing an enemy's privateer,
head-money shotild be allowed,, the same as to•
the King's ships, with the 'additional advantage
of the :expetie of condemnation 'being defrayed
by the Commi . Amongst the Officers different
.grades of rank nd seniority should be establish-
ed, as iii the King's service, and.conducted,:with'
regard to subordination, upon -precisely the same
principles.7-71f this suggestion is worthy of a place
in your respecable paper, by inserting it you will
oblige,
' Sept. 21, 1814. . A CONSTANT nADER.

ANSWER FRO! THE ADMIRALTY
TO TnE MEMOEUAD OF THE BiIISTOL MERCHANTS.

• Admil'altv-OfFree, Sept. 16, 1814.
SIR,---Ihave.-received and laid before my Lords
Commissioners of the Admiraly., your letter of
yesterdays date, with the Memorial from -the
TMerchas and Ship-owners of Bristol which ac-
companied it ; and 1 ant commanded •hy their
Lorckhips to uccittaint you, that the several points
adverted to in the Memorial have not failed to en-
gage their serious attention ; but that, however de-
sirous they may be of affording•adequate protection
traac of the memorialistS, and although a con -
siderable force has been, and is now employed on
the stations to-which the memorialists particularly
advert,,their Lordshlps, not only do not concur in
the proposition that a number of cruizers can af-
ford complete protectiOn. against the occasional
.attempts of privateers, but they are
.satisfied, on
the contrary, front the experience of all former
periods of War, and particularly in the instance of
the -coasting track in the English Channel, that
nothing hut a
,systew of convoy will afford the
desired. protection-.

Their Lordships have commanded
,me further
to state, that though they have no power by .law
to compel the adoption of convoys for the trade
betweetrone port i.ndanother of the 'United Kii►g=
d►i►il, they. are' nevertheless ilesirouss,of makink
such arrangements .for that purpose, as, upon
communication with.the merchants of Bristol, or
of any 0(116' pOrt,i may he 'deemed koper and
,
necesS.ary;

Their Lordships take this opportunity of stat-
ing to you, for the information of .the membria:
lists; that from the accounts which their Lordships
haVe received - of the lescription of -vessels which
haVe formed the largest proportion of the recent
captures in the Irish and Bristol Channels, it ap-
pears, that if their masters had :availed themselves
of, the convoys • appointed lot their, protection
from foreign ports, or had not, in other instances,
deserted from the convoys under.whose protection
theyllad.siiiled, before the final conclusion of the
voyage; many of the captures would not have been
mak: his their Lordships' detertnination, as far
as they may be enabled, to bring to punishment,
the parties who- may have been guilty of such ille-
gal acts, and ,which are attended with such in-
jurious conerpteticeS to the trade of the•couittry.
. To the observation made in the Memorial as to
the couilse .ot c.ornmunication which the merchants
of Bristol have adopted, my Lords command me
to reply, that they are always happy. to pay to the
representations of so respectable a body as the
merchants of Bristol, every attention in their
power.

With regard to the observation in your letter,
relating to the fitting out Of privateers in the
F each ports, I. am to state that this matter has
been long since made the subject of a commanics-
tioo, through the Secretary of State fir Foreign
Afairs, to, the French 'Government, Nrhich has
been answered by' that Government on satisfac-
tory principles, 1 am, Sir,
Yolit'" Most humble Servant,
J.. Fowler, Esq. AlkiyOr of Ilristol. J. W. CROKER.

A steam engitte* is said to have been recently
sent frotwthis country, for the purpose Of drain-
iog the 'trines of Paseto; in Peru, which had for
some tirne past been reaered wholly unproductive
by intrivratiOsi9, The engine was accompanied
by some ',Skilful mineralogists, many intelligent
miners from Cornwall, by mechanics of every de,.
scriptibu -versed in the erection and employment.
of the machinery,: and: by triple sets of all the
impleinents and utensils necessary to it.

EAST INDIA SHIPPING.,

The following Outwarti.boand Ships_ were, on
the I.6th :March, in LA 31. 50. S. Lon.g. 27 S. W.

Elphinstone, Bombay, Calabria, Lady itlelrillc, Nept:
and Scaleby Castie.

The Royal George and thifinell were, on the
4th ins.t. in Lat. 42. 30. Long. 1,3. W.

FATAL DULL.

• -On Saturday week, an unfortnnate duel took
place at-Newcastle. Emlyn, Carmarthensh-: ire
appears that, a Mr. Hisi.op, gentletnan•of re-
spectable family, went to Newcastle to view an es-
tate which was abont'to be sold, and was invited
by Mr. B--, of that place, to ,!4-1,,e,
day. The foriner, however, behaved in an un-
becoming manner, and used i?npruper language,
for which- -he-was reprimanded ; he then quitted
the house, and challenged Mr. B. to meet him in
the morning. Mr. B. hoping thatpassion, would
subside, replied, that he was engaged on. the Fri-
day, but if he demanded it, would meet Mr. U.
on the Saturday. According) y, on Saturday the
parties met, accompanied by their seconds ;
and on the word " preSent" being given, Mr, IL
requested Mr. B. to " stop." Mr. B. according;
ly dropped 'the point of his pistol, and. Mr.
then said, Now, make yeaffy." ..This .vas done,
and the*ball from Mr. M.'s pistol shot Mr. 1.1.
through the body, and he died almost immediately.
Mr. 13.7 s pistol did not go. off, -in consequence, it
is supposed, of the flint being
_too low-, had this
not been the case, it is probabFe that both the
combatants would have fallen. A Coroner's Jury
returned a verdict of Wilfii/ Mutderagainst sonic
person or persons unknown. We lave given the
above partieulars, he&use it has been currently
reported that the affair took place at .AberYstw'yth,
and persons in that ton have been mentioned as.
the principals.—(Shrewsbury ,Pronicle, Sept. 23.)

INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT, SEPT. 23.

John Kennedy Ilicalaspn was brought up for
li-
beration under the cessio bo3ornm Act, when Mr.
P. SMITH argued for his liberation, which was-
opposed on the ground of his haviig, within the
last five years, taken the benefit of a former gene-
ral insolvent Act, which constituted a bar, even
under former general Acts, insomuch that even
,the.benefit' of. the., Lords' Act, 32i1 of George IT.
was frequently deemed a bar. •.

Mr. P. SMITH cited a case from. his-own book,
decided in a superior Court, to the effect of shew-
ing, that on solemn argument it was ruled, 014
the Lords' Act:Jlid not.bar p.prisoner under forMef
Insolvent Ac-ts, and a fortiori,,. lle present
.Act
being universal, could not be impeded by any
forthet',.even general Act.
'Mr Pot,Loci( combated the authority of the
learned_book..
i!lr,Serjeant PALmF.R_ was of opinion 'xifith:the
Author and his.hook in tbiS instance.—The pgiso-
ner was liberated,

Captain heron, a.French Gentler.?an, was op-
posed on the ground of being a; alien, anti '.neat
giving an assignment of his..half-pay• to his credi-
tors. The Captain ,stated, that 'he had heen
twenty-seven years in England, of which twenty
years had been spent in the King's, service as eta
,Officer in the 15th..regintent2of Light -DragdOns.
Mr. Serjeatit l'Augnit observed., that, he should •
extend the benefit of this Act toforeigners in. cf•r-
taidcases, of which this was one ; nor could the
half-pay be given up,, as it was to support his
dignity, and to entitle the King to, his service if
wanted. lie was discharged.

few nights ago the large Flgor-
,
Bv~
Manufactory
—A
of Messrs. WEAVER and
Im-
3IER, of the Lower Road, Islington, was broken
anti -several pieces of oil Hoor cloth, and a
cashLbox, containing several bills, &e. feloniously
taken away. •

Partly in a farmer's shed, and partly in a field
of corn, about six miles north from Perth., Mr.
MAtcotm, 'Excise Supervisor of the District,
seized, On Thursday _last, forty ankers of High-
_land Whiskey, valua—at nearly 5001. sterling.—
, Sixty-four ankers more, belonging to the•same
band, escaped, towards Dundee ; after . which..so
strict a search i„,s,mmle, that we hope the Officers
of Government Will succeed in capturing it.
Monday afternoon, about three o'clock, a most
alarming and -destructive fire broke out in the •
Cross Keys' Passage, Cheltenham, which com-
pletely destroyed.fire small tenements, and con-
siderably Injneed tWootherS. It was occasioned
by a fiery soot 'falling amongst some lOose straw •
in the lead gutter 'of an adjoin lug cottage.
On Satur,lay se'nnight, as Mr. Edward Board-
ley, of llestbarik, and 'his wife, were returning
from LancaSter market, in a cart, near Beanmonn .
turnpike, in attempting to recover the reins, he
'fell, and Was killed on the spot. The deteased
had a very narrow escape from MMth some years
ago ; he 'fell over the
,battlementS of the Old
Bridge, and the tide being out, he' alighted upon
one of. the piers, receiving 'but a trifling injury.
Gentlemen, and others who, 'laving 'passed 'a
• life of gaiety, are'about to olitaio•the doniestic
comforts, of a conSpgal state, will do well to con-
CO„ Surgeons, of Char-
salt Messrs,•CoorEii and
lotte,street, Blackfriars-road pre viols thereto.—
Few persons arc aware how too Often the latent
seeds of an' Infections Disorder have luiked in the
system, and never manifested themsek es, but
through the finer cartilegps of their little Unfortu-
nate and-unoffending offspring, the various affec-
tions of which are too often the result of an ill-
cured contagion in the unsuspecting parent.—
•Snrgeon CooPEM, and Co, profess
to eradieate
every atom of the Miasthata, thereby rendering
the constitution perfectly sound; and those whose
system are beconie eithe. frimi juvenile
indiscretions Or improper treatment, need not des-
pair ; and those whom distanee: or delicacy, may
prevent from making personal applkation, may
be advised by, letter, and perfectly.relieved, on
statiwg candidly their cases, enclosiug a fee, di-
rected to Coacra and Co; Surgeons, Charlotte-
street, Blackfriars-road. They also pledge_them-
selves to eufe the Piles :and.ristula, however in-
veterate or Complicated.

~DOM OF HAY I.

EXTRACT OF A LETTER saH. to FROM THE MINT-
-STER SECRETARY OF STATE YOR FOREIGN APtAIRS

OF THE KINGDOM OF HAYTT•

Pal'ace of Fan-s S-(mte, Jzine IC,th, 1814,
11th year of Independence.

8111,-111e details which you give us of the,great
events that lieve place in 'Europe; and.`pate.
ticelarly iii I'rance, has afforded the King ranch
satistek. ciion. The King, w o had Attentively ob-
S'\erved the train of events which took piece
after the retreat of Napoleon front Moscow,
and successively - those of Germany, bad con-
cluded that Napoleon, without the entire sup-
port of the French people,: by a levy en maw,
could never make head against his numerous ate-
ivies, who were so :Hoch the more formidable,
beemise they ''ere instructed by experience; be-
cause they bad long-standing quarrels to revenge;
because the safety and the honour of thrones
were at stake ; because they felt the necessity of
uniting, to form a Mass of active force which no-
thing could withstand. His Majesty, calculating'
the immense losses sustained by the French, and
the new sacrifices which it would have been ne-
cessary to make, foresaw that if Napoleon was
not seconded by the people, be would inevitably
sink. His Majesty thought, besides, that if -Na-
poleon fell, he would not fail to bury himself un-
der the ruins ; but his Majesty-count never have
divined that he wood( have dosed his career in a
manner so little worthy of a soldier. Ilis Ma-
jesty's prognostics have,been partly verified in cite
subjugation of theiniplacable enemy of the world;
but the repose of the Ailorld will never be secure
while Napoleon lives.
In the return to philanthropic. principles, which
the Governments of EtirOpe appear desirous of
adopting, his Majesty, perceives new means of
security to his leiagdoin. His Majesty, however,
since the expulsion of the satellites of Napoleon
front the soil of Hayti, has never ceased preparing
himself for year, and for the most obstinate re-
sistance, in the event of an invasion of his king-
dom. His preparations have been still farther
"augmented by the complete organization of his
troeese the provisioning of his fortresses, and
other means of defence which hate been recently
takea since the first overtures for peacebetween
Napole n: and England throngh the mydiation of
'Att.;. in, which we learned here from the news-
papers.
if,
_on theone hand, the policy of his Majesty
has led him to measures of prodeece requited by
bisssafety, he lies' not, on the other, neglectedto
-
,
Cause cultivation to flourish, aS-you will be con.
winced "by the enniitinusquantity of colonial pro-
_
duce which isSites'ircitn the ports of his kingdom.
You must have seen -from various-acts of his'
Majesty's GoVernMent,' since his accession to the'
ehrone, that his" Majesty has never confounded
-the'Freneh people With 'the Governments which
oppressed them. To peaceable merchants lie has,
always offered security, protection, and commerce,
at the same time that he' was determined to repel
every kind Of enemy who should attempt to re-
duce its to' slavery. •
troll may declare,'Sir, as you are now autho-
rised to do, that his Majesty will with pleasure
receive the vessels of French merchants which
shall be'legally cleared ditt.for the parts of Hayti;
they shall he protected and treatedlike the sub-
jects of other friendly Powers who trade' pcaceubly
with Hayti, provided they punctually conform to
the slawS of the kingdom.
-A new order of things, arises; his Majesty- em-
braces the consoling hope of finding a Just and
philantbropieGovernment, which, convinced that
force is powerless to reditce us to subjection, will
uotlorget among our eteims, that of having com-
bated its most implacable enemy front the com-
mencement of his reign to his-_ fall, and never
having listened to any of those proposals which
his agents from ail countries have made us. His
'Majesty flatters' himself- that find humane
sentiments in a Sovereign instructed by misfinr; one.

In our state-of uncertainty as to theineasures
of the *new- Sovereign of Yrance, with regard to
ns, We cannot take nnv, direct course or,step, as
• •
you invited ,us, until we are positively informed
as to his intentions;
(Signeti).

g%'TRACT "01.' A LETTER.

" Port au Pince, Aug, 1, 1814.

" The present is to give you some idea of our
situation and prospects since the late-great change
-of affairs on the Continent. s I really anticipate
with feelings of
.horior the scenes of bloodshed
'and massacre that 'must talie place rhiS
in the event of the French attacking it. -The'people
of this island, according to their present feeling,
could not hear %I'll'
,patience- any proposal from
France inconsistent 'with principles of independence.:
1 have been on inti Mate. terms ‘vith President Pe-
tionfor years,. "and-can assure you a more virtuous
and amiable Man I never knew. `lle 'is -the-idol
of the people,. and their confidence hi him is itn7.
bounded :* but even he' would 'be 'reinoVed from
po,yer, were *he suppOsed 'capable of a wish to
transfer this-Colony to rrance. Our information
leads us to expect an attack about December. It .
has been officially notified by.Govethment, that
on-the first appearance of the enemy fire will be
communicated to all the buildings in the cities,
and every thing deStr.)yed. With this informa-
tion we have the ,consoling promise, that. when-
ever the enemy is driven out, and t'lle• finances put
order, we shall all be paid our debts and
hisses.

" It-is, indeed,. a sight that 'makes httmanity,
-shudder> to see the preparations making for' the-
tiesttnetion 6,f the cities, and every thing in them
nat porttekie to the nip:lnt:tins. The arsenals are
filled with torches wady
to be lighted. If a .sug,
iT.estiott whiNeted at the Government-housei
.nucsd,raing the policy., the reply is,
look at Mos-
icoW ; adding, tlllll had Motów. not been de
strbved, Nit9oleon wooltl l'ertitairt the Despot
of Eoroi)e.
" iconfess the itasoniiig appears Sound. Tor,
qtr; olYll',3ilrt:. I hope I .shali so .far close my RI.—
lairs, that I shall not 'be . an eye-witness to the
tragical' scenes that must take place here. The
two parties, those of Petion and Christophe, • can
bring i;ito. the field upwards of 60,000 fighting
in cu., in the event of a krench invasion avd the

soldiers are innred to fatigue incl danger. Fa
truth, I have witnessed, in the late siege of this
city, acts of bravery in whole regiments, that
would do honour to the finest troops in Europe.
all their forts aud strong- places ill the mountains.
ate filling with cared ratisions of the country, and
ammunition. Such is the present state Of Hayti,
and such the preparations making for human de,.
struction, and all wide,. the itlininistration of an
enlightened virtuotti, apui. My soul sinks within
rne when l contemplate it. The indigenous part
of the priptilatiith is calculated at 320,000 souls ;
thAidea of destrOying sO many human beings, is
neither chAritahle in eonc-eptiOn;niiris it eitsy
in exceuthm."- few months will decide, whe-
ther the finest cokmtry in__ the- Western .World is
to beci)nre a dreary-desert, or a flourishing state."

WELL j51t.:1.N1-ti C EIARACTER
