zo Alpo AT, J4NU4RY 15.! !sop

THS Dt/Ics of CANDRIDOt left Frankfort on
the sorh ult. O his, return to Hanover.
Their CATHOLIC MAIESTIES, With the King
and Queen of Faxtra lA, Set out from Valence for
Carthagena on ~,he r3thirit. on the z6th the latter
proposed to embark for Leghorn..
Madame BounrAwra had an Assembly on Wed.
nealay betutight, at which a great number of
Foreigners of tii.,tinelion were present, amongst
other, the Dutchess of I)ottsrr, the Durchesi of
Goknow, Lady CgoßtllNA.Gottoo'st, and Lady
CtIOLMONDEMEY. Lord WHITWORTH wont to
'Saint Cloud the same day, in at magnificent carriage
drawn by his hcautiftil set of Ireys.

Yesterday a Conn cif Dire ors was held. at'the
East India House, when it appearing that the ships
Lord Castlereagh, Hugh Inglis and Cafruits:, were
Pot wanted to.carry Iroops iron► the Capc to India,
they were permitted to remain at Gravesend thirty
instead' of twenty dayh. The ship building by Mr.
Mltt,Llsn, destined to St, Helena and Bengal, was
stationed to Madras and' Bengal, and the Lord
Caitlerta till, to Coast and flay, instead of Bengal;
as was the Wr.Vidrd for Coast and china,. instead
of China direct.

• The' Ganges,
..r;oo tons, Captain Al. v,a /OD ER
GRAy, and Alfred, ll9B tons, Capt. JAMES FAR.
QUHARSQW, were taken up for China direct.
The Court adjourned at five o'clock till Wednes-
day next.
Colonel Bmtaow who know gone out ,to take
the command of the British Settlement at Honduras,
is tile same Officer who, in the year 1798, with
Car. Moss, .of the Navy, since, dead, repelled a
very formidable attack of the Spaniards under Gen.
O'NFts.,, consisting of a. numerous land force, and a
flotilla of boats. But this armament was compelled
to retreat with considerable loss. In consequence
of this success,' the Btitish Boundaries were consi-
derably extended ; their extension indeed was per.
fettly necessary, fur we had so cleared the.country
in our possession of log-Wood, that any more which
we wanted to pnieure was
,got at so great an ex.
pence,,ap account of its distance from the coast,
that. it enhanced its cost -silmost beyond what it
would bear.

Under the. Ministry of Sir 'Re, Rs. War.rot,e,
.4pd of—the Earl of CsA.iHIM, thc bay of finnanras
proved the source of considerable discussion, and
we were, in vain rcluired; to.. surrender the ad.
vantages with which it ,applied ()Ur 'Trade. Until
17153, we were ebtisiderecl and treated by .Spain as
ets,roachera and u:,urpere, and it W 39 only by our
trect!,ses in the War which led to the Treaty of
that year, that we 'were enabled to exact from the
Cabinet of Madrid, its explicit conaent to allow
these the existence of a British Settlement. For
twenty ylws afterwards, we continued in the
j( frleilt of the concession, which was folly con.
'fi?ined by the Definitive Treaty of 1783 ; and in
178.6 another Convention, both extended the limits •
• cat tie Settlement, and gave to us the right I
rutting, .not, only logwond, :hut mahogany, and
other kinds of wood. VVe were even privileged
to carry away the produce of the,country, lubjeft,
however, to particular oiccptions, and, tinder an
engagetrient.not to establish coffee and sugar plan.
utions, Parliament considered,. the Settlement ref
Inch importance, that an Mi was snon after
tee last Convention) to extend to it allithe privi.
lege* of a British Colony.

Letters arc received from ifiexattetria and from
G;brahar. 'fhe former, which are,dated the loth
of (Moiler, state, that the Turks and Mamelukes
carry on a moot bloody war, in which neither party
gives any quarter.—The Mamelukes arc well sup.
pli,!tl with ammunition, are always viaorinui, and
will, it is believed, succeed to expellipg the Turks
entirely from Egypt. Our moil in that country
are heartily tired of it.
The letters from Gibraltar, which come down to
the zoth December, mention a dreadful storm the
precediug morning, whicb did considerable damage
the tsayi and that the lightning had set fire to the
Royal Mittety on the summit of .the rock, construCt
ed of ship timber, and lined with old cables and
junk. It was impossible to/extinguish the fire, and
this battery, which did most mjschief to the
Spaniards tinting the siege, is entirely destroyed.

The two Brigs presented by the_ Fi s Crosou
to the PQrs, artkeil at Civita Vecchia on the Ist
o:,e of them is named St. Peor, which capita
usni, aCtl the other St. Paid, which has Mr—
hey w'ete formaily delivered to the Pontifica)
,J,:trinterit on the next day, when the !WAIL% was
.h.isred on them; on which occasion there was a dis.
diage of too pieces of cabman.
The ei.devolt Fiend' Academy is, it h-said, to
be re..cbtablbilied. Tilt Members already named
arc the three; Consuls, just PH aml LUC UN BONA.
?Arta., LAHARPE, DELILLI) GARAT the Senator,
Songh, FUN*ANvs, and Ctif.tilik.

From the z2(i of December to the stit of January,
fi z Packet 13 +at& !hive entered CrlbliS with Lto
Kistogers, and (luring the SailiC period 17 have left
Cal4ivfor Dover with isi Passengers.
The Portuguese Pikers who were made prisoners
b' the ttlgerines on hoard the Frigate 24 C:ypie,
ate, colittertmed to slavery and continual labour.
It is s.tid that Portugal iv in consequence preparing
a Stluadron in order to blockade Algiers.

111 V,l N TV S.
,PLY MOurn,
.1,11.,

ARRIVED the Elizabeth, in ballast, from Havie-
de-Grace, bound to Whitby. She was driven out
of the Downs a few days since, in a gale of wind.
Arrived also the Dempster, CElit. COCHRANE,
friim Faro ; -and the Otiver,tvack, Capt. TANotit,
from St. Ander°, hound to Havre-de-Grace.
Sailed the 'Prince of, Woks. Troapprt, with a
Company of Aitillery on board for Gibraltar.
