aes V
ulted
) .he I
,r 0 lif

e tru;
Orel
t be 111.
.

tP,
able

e Wou
bribe

nn

;d ca
hey

tl
up

Jut °it
to

f rah'
le
ifs(
p 0 1,1
jeS

a COQ
prod'
anti*
infer
It C
Jelin

the
fear

iceoEi
obert.j

;,

be 1
mo•

e

t, the
i'f°sol,l

chew
~p of

It li
)f the
she
; ,

cle
lie
he(

rilllPPosed in courtesy to contain his think-
4tult:es,--was the only Member who spoke
ensured upon an assertion which bore the
'it'4l.lce of an argument against the motion.

jeisii°l3. Gentleman who brought forward the
!
A:e"arge4 the agriculturists with being the cause of
4", hut he admitted that the manufacturers
nte children in their factories 16 hours a day."
tore It not for the peculiar quality of the
entleman's upper member we have al-
alloded to, we should doubt the possibility
truth ru „t the reports which attribute this
ice to him. Every one else must see
thatchildren, or men, work sixteen hours
h is for the purpose of procuring food,
iit is the scarcity of food, caused by
eelc of the Hon. Member and his friends
ct high rents, which compels them
Work, It is not the manufac-
,ho regUlate the rate of wages (that
l'Olain English, the giving so much
1;80 touch labour), but the landlords who
11,7 monopoly of the supply of food. The
Woos has thrown up falls, therefore,
4111:8 own head—certainly an event from
e has little treed to apprehend any very
results.

presume that the question cannot be
igtated this session ; but the monopolists
t upon it that it is not " settled."

Perceive that Sir ANDREW AGNEW SUc-

'4
4 obtaining leave to bring in a Bill to
kthe laws relating to the observance
iiSabbath in Scotland. The Bill will
iee time to pass this session, and
Ywe shall not regret it. Public opinion
iteProper regulator in this matter, and it
With sufficient force in Scotland to

that ought to be done by Act of
dent. The only thing worthy of
61114 the conversation which took place
: to leave being given to bring in the
14 aid by Mr. ESTCOURT, a friend of Sir
Pv's. He observed that it would "be
h;1313n the Hon. Baronet, who had applied
loviPowers of his mind to this subject, not
1%, him to bring in the Bill." A bitter

'tare authorized to say shat there is no
ih
the statement of an Irish Paper, that
;411:tbent have compelled half-pay officers to
„,te their half-pay for arbitrary sums fixed
tar-office. With the view of reducing
tw
.tbanent charge for the half-pay list, every
made to promote commutation on terms
Ole to the Government, but there has
icompulsion. The amount offered is
Y much beneath what any reasonable man
accept ; and if Ministers seriously con-
' the reduction of the annual charge, we
h; em to be a little more liberal in
rs.

'44 and Brussels Papers contain no news
Public interest.

Istßi AL PA RLIANI ENT
PHIS DAY, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 19.

$O USE OF COMMONS.
,"EAKaa took his seat at a few minutes after twelve

'44 ORGE'S STEAM PACKET COMPANY.
LSANDON, in moving the third reading of the
Rge's Steam Packet Company's Bill, stated, that in
4114 Bill there were some clauses to which objec-
we made, as they gave a power to that Cot:U.-
r several others; but as the Bill stood at present,
bnaPly to enable the Company- to sue and be sued,
312ke some other regulations, for the management
_ _

"'merits. The only reasonable objection that could
144 to it was that it placed the Company in corn-
With others ; but in his (Lord Sdndon's) opi-
ki far from its giving the Company greater
It.l_llll others were invested with—it in fact, con-

lira provisions to that purport than other compa-
!w' It would be a new line of policy if the legi,-
I*!te to discourage the formation of joint stock
1111, but he would wait until he heard what objec-
(e to be offered against the Bill before he pre-
bp at any greater length into the subject.
k ,ALLACE said the object of the Bill throughout
th" the St. George's Steam-packet Company the
.‘ll increase their capital to an immense
14°,0 was not yet subscribed. It had for
4, object to obtain a monopoly of the
thOu of goods and passengers a, ross the Channel.
ndtd that the preamble, which stated them to be
p
l, company, was not roved. They claimed
' °jab company, but on reference to the list of
t„ he found the balance as nearly as possible bt-
i"Vand and Ireland, for he found that eighty-seven
If scribers belonged to Ireland and seventy-four to
It could not therefore be called an Irish com-
-1
ct could not be said that his objections were made
lh,biew of protecting Scotch interests, for he found
•oglish subscribers belonged chiefly to the western
th'' from Cornwall round to Liverpool, so that
fiery natural that the inhabitants on that
itt
'tiding Wales, would not offer any objections to
The Company claimed the power of chartering
',,:essels that professed to go on the same line as
"Id easels, and therefore a monopoly would be este-
' bY which they might charge what prices they
ii, A more predetermined system of monopoly was
''''d of; It was a frequent ground of complaint
IZleouraging the accumulation of large masses of
, 1 any one company ; but the present Bill would
\tee effect of enabling the Company to ac-
'lo very great wealth, as it would enable
I increase their capital by 30,0001., aad to
L 1 .

. .
1)°;', sinking fund horn various seurces of
iti• ' and that, too, in the face of the standing orders
I,lZTent, which required a certain sum to be already
Ilthq• It would act as an exceedingly bard measure
t other Companies, if, indeed, it did not entirely
hose Companies' vessels from navigating altoge•
y
M 'the St. George's steam-packet Company was
t,! Very powerful Company. He had no doubt of the
,t'''ility of the subscribers, who were—ladies as well as
N'l'tn••—to the number of 161 ; hut he felt bound to
tc,,1,L1, Bill, c ,nceiving it to be an injurious monopoly.
/,,lik eluded by moving that it be read a third time this
'44pionths.
ttil' O'CONNOR declared that the Bill came
~,r ' Committee. originally in the most exception-
,4lll, such as must have convinced any man of the
t:l‘the promoters. The Hon. Memb:r stated the
141:' derived by competition since the original
'lti 'i'nt of strain packets between Liverpool, Bristol,
.„, ,
' b ark, arid other places in that channel. It was
Ot:'t said, that the Bill was intended to facilitate
1:5..", but this could not be the case when the effect
,;14polies already existing was to keep the f eight of
pt,';'uce to this country, of pigs in particular, as high as
4 ton. The Noble Lord who moved the third
leai •
the Bill had said that it asked fur no immunities
'ls 4' were possessed by other companies ; but V is
hi4l:ument, as the House was not bound to follow a
e'Ple, and that too just at the time when the
lidia! doing away with other corporations. This
11l fact, go to establish a corporation on the high
1/4:4%k
~ p NDON—It is a joint stock company. .
N it,' O'CONNOR rejoined that whatever it was
lti ..4" in effect a corporation. Although much al-
-1 the ,
Lto Committee, it was still, in its present form, as
:ei4„ sbe of as much injury es in its original
itilsri,u,a he should therefore second the amendment of
VVlrrinber f,r Greenock.
llki' PATTEN asked what monopoly the Bill
Ave vehicle was not enjoyed by the Company al-
t% ti;'s to the by-laws read by the Hon. Member op-
Ntitit, 'le would not be at all affected by the passing or
1,,,1t ,„'''f the Bill, the provisions of which merely
V, "titpany the power of cueing and being sued as
it4led "'e would admit that several petitions bad been
boo
against the Bill, but the clauses of which these
iill's tit"lelained had been expunged; and he could
dtjlll:(l3jection to the motion of the Noble Lord, tha
r• A tread a third time. t
‘LFROY objected to the Bill as giving to the

Company a much greater capital, and consequently re-
ducing the scope for competition, by which alone the
public could be beneStted. From Waterford and other
places petitions had been presented against the Bill, which
objected to it as a whole, as tvtll as to certain clauses
which had been expunged.
An HON. MEMBER considered that, although the Bill
only asked for an increase of 30,0001. to the capital cr
the Company, it was still most objectionable in principle.
As far as the Bill went, it was pro tanto a monopoly; for
the provision for suing and being sued was a privilege beyond
the common law. Not a single public ground had been
adduced in support of the Bill, upon which alone it should
be cranted. The object and the practice of the Company
had been to throw out every competitor, and the partied
now came to Parliament to enable them to perpetuate
the system. He drew a marked distinction between Bills
fir steam packet companies, and those for railways ;—in
the former, all parties could ploug4 the ocean without
hindrance,—in the latter, it was necessary that the sanc-
tion of the Legislature should be given before the grounds
of private individuals could be cut through.
Major BEAUCLERK supported the amendment. Every
one would see that the consequence of giving a monopoly
to this Company would be, that they would run down
all smaller companies ; and it appeared to him extraordi-
nary, that this Bill should now be pressed forward, at a
time when the House was engaged with doing an ay with
all monopolies. He therefore hoped that Hon. Members
who were oppoving monopolies would not give their
sanction to this Bill.

Mr. JERVIS said the House should protect the public,
and take care the public shou d have as cheap and expeditious
a conveyance from one part of the county to another as
possible. It had been said that what the Company were
seeking to do by this Bill they could do without ;
but their coming to this House fur powers
which they could not do without proved quite the
reverse.—(Hear, hear.) In his (Mr. J.'s) opinion, this
Company ought not to be,countenanced in keeping up
their unnatural coalition, which would have the power of
ruining other companies, and prevent the public from
having a cheap, and, what was more material, a safe, con.
veyance. In his t pinion no sufficient reason had been given
why they should have a competition which they conic' not
have without the assistance of the House. But it bad
been said this company was composed of different persons
who had subscribed their money to keep up the
concern.—(Hear.) It vas merely in effect this—that
certain persons, who had been proprietors of vessels,
were willing to contribute their vessels to keep up the
competition, and to that extent, and to that extent only,
they were willing to become shareholders. These indivi-
duals wished to have the assistance of the House to carry
on their coalition, and that being the case he should cer-
tainly give his support to the amendment.
Dr. BALDWIN felt it his duty to oppose the third
reading of this Bill, because it would have the effect of
completely putting down all sailing vessels trading be-
tween England and Leland.
Mr. BARRON thought that no man, after reading the
resolutions of the Company itself, could doubt that their
object was monopoly, and that they would, as a matter
of course, do away with ail minor companies, by which
the public would be exceedingly injured ; and not merely
the public, but all the great out ports of the United King-
dom ; and that this Company would charge whatever
price they pleated. Ile should, therefore, support the
amendment.

Mr. Cobhett, Mr. J. Hardy, Mr. Godson, and Mr.
Maxwell opposed the Bill.
Lord SANDON, in reply, hoped the House would not
be led away by the vague cry of monopoly, which in no
way whatever had been proved as to this Bill. The
all had been subjected to the adverse investigation
of a scrutinizing committee for many days ; and the Com-
pany did not claim a limited liability. On the contrary,
every proprietor would be liable to the whole amount of
his property.
Colonel TORRENS could not see how the charge of
monopoly could apply in the present instance.
Strangers were then ordered to withdraw, and the gal-
lery was cleared for a division, when there appeared,
_ _

For the third reading - -
Against it
Majority against the third reading —M
ENGLISH CLAIMS ON DENMARK.

The want of space prevented the possibility of our no-
ticing yesterday the presentation of a petition by Mr.
Parker, from the cutlers of Hallamshire, calling the at•
tension of the House to the long neglected claims of Eng
lish merchants upon the kingdom of Denmark, for the
seizure and confiscation of their property 27 years ago,
and praying the House to interfere in order to obtain a
speedy adjustment of them. It gave rise to a debate which
lasted until the Speaker left the chair; and to-day it was
resumed.

Mr. GROTE to day said, he had some time ago pre-
sented a petition upon the same subject from some claim-
ants in the city of London. He thought that a clearer
case had never been established by the petitioners.
The claims arose from the confiscation and sequestration
of the property and book debts of the British merchants
by the Danish Government,, which sequestration was
resorted to in consequence of a prior act of seizure of
Danish property in British ports by the British Govern-
ment. Immediately afterwards, the British merchants
made a representation of their case to the British
Government, and were told that their claims should
be duly considered in the event of a treaty of peace
being concluded.—(Hear, hear.) In 1814, however,
wheu that treaty was made, so far from those claims being
provided for, it actually legal'zed the confiscations of the
property by the Danish Government. The British Go-
vernment had declared that the original sentence of confis
cation was wholly at variance with the law of nations, and
bad urged in 1809 as a reason for not then
pressing on the Danish Government the necessity of pay-
ing the claimants, that the treaty of peace had not been
concluded ; and yet when that treaty was signed, not a
word was inserted even to recognize the claims, and all
succeeding Ministers had neglected co obtain their settle-
ment.

Lord MORPETH regretted that no member of the Go-
vernment was present. He could bear testimony to the ur-
gency with which the petitioners had pressed their claims on
the attention of Government. Considering, however, th•
present state of the finances of the country, he did not
think the present the most auspicious period to bring for-
ward any further demand upon them; but he was con-
vinced that a nation, bearing the high character that ours
did, would hardly fail to do justice, when a case
had been made out so fully and so satisfactorily. He hoped
that the intimations which bad so frequently been made,
both by the petitioners and by Members of the House,
would induce the Government to take up the subject;
otherwise, he thought that before another session of Par-
liament would commence, some other means would be
taken of enforcing a due consideration of the claims.
An Hob'. MEMBER trusted the Government would take
the ease of the petitioners into its most serious considera-
tion, and make that provision for them to which they
were so justly entitled.

Col. L. HAY believed that there never was a case
brought before the House in which the merchants of this
country had been treated with greater injustice than the
petitioners. In his opinion, although the present Go-
vernment was not identified with the transactions that
occasioned the claims of the petitioners, it was
their imperative duty specifically to p: dorm the terms of
the contract which had been entered into. Tl:ere never
was a class of his Majesty's subjects who bad been treated
in a more unworthy manner for the last 25 years, with
the exception of the petitioners.
Mr. M. PHILLIPS, as a commercial man, felt called
upon to support the prayer of the petition. When helooked
to the fact thatl,2oo,ooo had been received by his Majesty's
Government for the settlement of the Danish claims, and
when he recollected the small amount of those claims, he
could not help thinking that they ought to have been
settled lung ago. In his opinion the petitioners had
Ewen most grossly treated, and if no previous administra-
tion had thought the subject worthy of consideration, he
hoped the present would, ❑ot taking into consideration the
statute of limitations.

Air. WARBURTON thought that no lapse of time would
justify Ministers in not eranting to the petitioners that
justice to which they were so deservedly entitled.

Mr. STRICKLAND was old enough to recollect the
circumstances which gave rise to this claim, and that o❑
that occasion what was called the law of nations was
stretched too far. It was considered by the Danish
Government to have been an act of enormity ;
and he considered that the British Government, after
hiving received 1,200,0001. by the confiscation of
Danish property, was bound no see that no act of injus-
tice was committed, in consequence of that confiscation,
to British merchants. Government was simply called
upon to pay about a tenth of what bad been received; and
he thought the inord maxim was as applicable to nations as
to individuals, that " Honesty is the best policy."
Mr. COBRETT protested against the principle of the
people of this country, or of any ocher, being called upon
to make good the losses of merchants, whether arising
from a state of war or otherwise. If, as stated by the
Hon. Member fin. Bridporr, the money received from the
sale of the Danish property went to the members of a
certain family as droits of the Admiralty, he (Mr. C.)
would say that such members of the Royal Family as bad

received the money should be called upon to meet the
claims of those British merchants.

Hr. TENNYSON had understood that, in consequence
of a long negotiation on the subject between the British
and Danish Governments, the former were bound to in-
demnify the present claimants. The British Government
was called upon to satisfy those claims upon every prin-
ciple of justice ; and when the question came regularly
before the House, he should feel himself called upon to
vote for the liquidation of these long out-standing debts.
He thought this discussion would be entirely lost unless
his Hon. Friend, the Member for the City of London,
gave notice that he would move for a Select Committee,
or bring forward some precise motion on the subject which
had now been hanging over for several years, far he
thought public justice required that some inquiry into the
subject should tike place, and he was sure his Majesty's
Government would give every opportunity for such a dis-
cussion.

Mr. PRYME hoped the Member for the City of Lon-
don would feel inclined to bring forward some specific
motion on the subject.
Mr. MARSHALL said it appeared to him this was
not merely a case of great hardship, but of gross in-
justice ; and he had yet to learn that any Government
could deny that these claims were just.—(Hear,
hear.) He bad heard no one as yet state
that they were otherwise than perfectly just,
and if that were so, be felt confident, such claims being
just, the House would see that they were amply satisfieo.
The country, whatever may have been the way in which
it had distributed the Droits of the Admiralty, it
had by Act of Parliament disposed of tbern.—(Hear.)
The country was in possession of the fund out
of which their claims ought to be satisfied, and he hoped
that some Hon. Gentleman would, in the early pArt of
next session, bring for ward the question whether, aye or
no, these claims were to be satisfied.

Mr. DENISON thought theme claims were just against
the Government, against the country, and against the
Parliament ; and he thought it but an act of justice, that
they should be speedily satisfied.
Mr. GROTE explained.

Mr. PARKER intimated that if Government did not,
during the recess, take some step in this matter, it would
be brought before Parliament in a substantive and specific
form next session.

Mr. HAWES presented a petition from certain medical
practitioners, against the rep,al of the Apothecaries Act.
Colonel BU ILER gave notice of his intention to move
next session for the appointment of a Committee to inquire
into the actual value of the Church lands in Ireland in
order to ascertain whether they were let at their real
value and adequate to the support of the clergy of
the Established Church, and also for the purpose of
affording a reasonable compensation to the holders of im-
propriate tithes.
Mr. PRYME presented a petition from Canterbury,
complaining of the misapplication of corporate funds. Also,
a petition from the town of Huntingdon, relative to cor-
poration abuses. Both petitions referred to the
Corporation Committee. The Hon. Member also pre-
sented a rtition relative to the rating of tenements under
a certain value.

Captain YORKE presented a petition from the com-
missioners of the Bedfiird Level, relative to the tithe com—
mutation Act, and another from two merchants of Dover
on the subject of the Danish claims.
Mr. HARLAND presented a petition from Durham
against the inhabited house duty. The petitioners com-
plained not only of the grievances of that impost, but of
the number of surcharges to which they were subject.
Mr. COBBETT said if the lion. Member would
move for an investigation into the abuses created
by those surcharges, he would do a great deal
towards the repeal of the tax complained of.—(Hear.)
The House would never be thought of until that
tax was repealed, and the refusal of the Ministry
to repeal it had done that Ministry more harm in the
opinion of the people than all the other taxes together
—except indeed their rescinding (he did not like the term)
—of the resolution for the repeal of half the malt tax.
Mr. PRICE presented a petition from Waterford for
an amendment of the criminal code, and another against
colonial slavery.
Mr. COLLIER presented a petition from the merchants
shipowners, and master-mariners of the port of Plymouth,
praying that merchant seamen might be exempted from the
payment of sixpence per month to Greenwich Hospital ;
and that the money now payable to that purpose might
f,r the future be applied to the maintenance of merchant
seamen's hospitals, and to the benefit of their widows and
children.

After the presentation of several other petittons the
Speaker left the Chair.

EAST INDIA HOUSE-(TI-HS DAY.)

A Quarterly General Court was held at the above
place to-day.
C. MARJORIBANKS, Esq., took the chair at twelve
o'clock, and laid upon the table certain returns of
the allowances and remunerations granted by
the Company during the last year ; also a pros-
pective account of the revenues of India for the next
year, and accounts relative to the trade with India and
China. He also informed the Court that the Directors
had agreed to recommend that a dividend of 51
per cent., on the Company's capital, should be
paid for the half year ending sth July next.
A motion to that effect was put and carried.
Mr. TWINING presented a report from the Committee
appointed to consider the by-laws. They reported that
they had been duly observed during the last year.
The same Hon. Gentlemen were then re-appointed on
the Committee.

The CHAIRMAN laid upon the table resolutions of the
House of Commons, relative to the East India charter,
which were read.

A PROPRIETOR had been present, and heard the ad-
mirable address made on that occasion by Mr. Grant,
and found that there were one or two alterations suggested
by him; one of which was the formation of a new pre-
sidency. He wished to know whether that had formed
any part of the discussion between the Court of Directors
and Government, as it had not been alluded to in the re-
cent discussions in that Court.

The CHAIRMAN said, everything that had passed be-
tween the Court of Directors and the President of the
Board of Control, had been laid before the Court of
Proprietors.
The same Proprietor then gave notice that he would
move a resolution at the next Court upon the subject.
He did not think that the Company bad been well treated
by Government in having had such a communication with-
held from them.

The CHAIRMAN said, that in all probability there would
be a Bill founded on those resolutions introduce d into the
House, and then would be the time to exercise their right
of petition.
Mr. POYNDER moved that a copy of the letter of the
Directors to the Bengal Government respecting the pil-
grim tax should be printed.—Agreed to.
Captain Go WA N rose to move for a return of the mimes
of the ambassadors, envoys, charges d'affaires, &c., that
had been appointed to the Court of Perris during the last
thirty years, with a❑ account of the expenses that had
been thereby incurred. He said the embassies, if ❑eces-
sary at all, might be executed at a very small cost, com-
pared with what at present was paid. He would further
argue, that if they were necessary, the East India Com-
pany should not he saddled with all the expense, as the
objects were national.
Dr. GILCHRIST seconded the motion, which was agreed
to unanimously.
Dr. GILCHRIST then moved a resolution to the
effect, that as for as it was consistent with the
safety of the Indian army, an end might be put
to flogging and cruel capital punishment, especially
to the blowing of native soldiers from the mouths of
cannon, and that schools might be instituted for the educa-
tion of Seapoys.
The CHAIRMAN read an order sent out to the Bmgal
Government, embracing the points in question, which
might render the motion unnecessary.
Dr. GILCII RI,T said the order embraced only Bengal,
and did not include Madras and Bombay. The Learned
Doctor spoke at ra .nsiderabk, length in support of his mo-
tion, but, from want of room, we are obliged to omit his
arguments.
- • -

After a discussion, in which Colonel Stanhope, Captai❑
Gowan, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Poynder, and the Chairman,
took part, the motion was withdrawn.
Mr. lIUTCUINSON then rose to move for papers rela-
tive to the business at Travancore, and was left speaking.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)

CORN EXCHANGE.

The arrivals of alt kinds of Grain this week are moderate,
except of Oats, of which their is a plentiful supply. The
Wheat trade remains very dull at Monday's prices. Barley,
Beans, pease, and Oats as last noted, with a heavy sale. The
Flour trade remains the same as recently noticed, and the top
price remains unaltered.

ARRIVALS.
Wheat. Barley.
3,080 qrs. 1,350 qrs.
100 I --

English
Irish
Foreign

Oats. Flour.
,7961qr5. I 4,790 sad.
4,790

COURT OP KING'S BENCH-(THIS DAY)

LEVINE V. WATTS.

This was an action btought by the plaintiff, a shoemaker,
occupying a small cottage in Swinton place, Gray's-inn-
lane, to recover compensation in damages from the defen-
dant, who was his lan&ord, for assaulting him.

Mr. DUNBAR and Mr. MawsELL conducted the case for
the plaintiff, and Mr. SAUNDERS that for the defendant.
It appeared that the plaintiff had brought two actions,
one of which was against Lb-, defendant, and Mr. Hayes,
a broker, for disturbing him in the rssession of his
house; and upon the trial of that - action he obtained a
verdict, with 40s. damages. The present action was
against the defendant only, for assaulting the plaintiff on
that occasion. In both actions the plaintiff sued in
forma pauperis.
From the evidence of the principal witness on this oc-
casion, it seemed that the defendant, in making the dis-
tress, assaulted and knocked down the plaintiff. In cross-
examination the witness admitted that he was subsequently
indicted at the Middlesex Sessions, for assaulting the de-
fendant, and was convicted. On re-examination, how-
ever, he swore that he did not assault the defendant, and
that the indictment was preferred in order to keep him
out of the way.

The Jury found a verdict for the plaintiff. Damages,
One Farthing. Costs, One Farthing.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.)

FR OM LLOYD'S.

DEAL, JUNE 18.—Wind W. S. W.
PORTSM3UTH, JUNE 18.—Wind W.—Arrived his
Majessy's ship Belvidera, from the Mediterranean, with
Lady Hotham on board. Stiled the Hope transport, for
Chatham ; and the o,ient, White, for Madras and Bengal.
PLYMOUTH, JUNE 17. —Wind W. to S., fresh gales.
—Arrived from London the Morley, Douglas, for Ceylon.
FAL:nom', JUNE 17.—Wind W.S.W, fresh gales and
squally.—Arrived the George Bentinek, M Kenny, from
Buenos Ayres.
DOVER, JUNE N.—Arrive,: off port the James
M'Queen, M•Goll, from Trinidad.

BRISTOL, JUNE 18.—Arrived the Cosmo, Thompson,
rrom New York.

LivEaroot, JUNE 17.—Arrived the Collins, Smart,
from Antieua ; Isabel, Griffiths, from Barbadoes; St. Jo-
sephine, Talaver, from Valencia ; and Thomas Dempsey,
Cozen, from Monte Vol, I. Off port the Valiant, Bragg,
from Jamaica ; and Sheffield, Haskstaff, from New York.
DUBLIN, JUNE 17 —Arrived the Monarch, Mondel,
from St. Lucia ; and Elizabeth, Miller, from Trinidad.
HULL, JUNE 17.—Arrived the Pallas, Terry, from
Riga; and Percival, Muirhead, and Fortitude, Bornby,
from Wyburg.
HUMBER, JUNE 17.—Arrived the Ranger, from Sierra
Leone.

The Crown, Hopper, from London to Quebec, was lost
in the ice on the Grand Bank, April 20—crew saved.
Arrivals at Quebec.—The Ottaiva, DAnglas, from
Kingston ; Crouch and Canadian, Morgan, from London ;
Marntion, Hopper, from Portsmouth; Artinus, Sparks,
John Welsh, Woodhousa, Dry ope, Hamilton, Latona and
Sophia, Easton, from Liverpool; and Euphrosyne, from
Bridgewater.
The Fly of Sunderland is sunk on the Lincolnshire coast.

The Raikes, Bacon, from Liverpool to R• stigenche, was
lost in Conception Bay, Newfoundl Ind, about the 19th ult.
The Martha, from Liverpool to Newfoundland, was stove
by the ice on the- 10th ult., and went down—crew saved.
The Wellington, Blythe, for Quebec, was wrecked in
the ice on the Banks of Newfoundland—crew saved.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

NEWCASTLE RACES.

MONDAY.—A Produce Stakes of 50 sovs. each, h. ft., for
the produce of mares, covered in 1829, for colts and
fillies. Two milcs. 13 sups.
Lord Kelburne's br. f. by Jerry ...(Nelson) 1
Mr. Stephenson's Rousseau, by Blacklock... 2
Mr. Attwood's b. f. by his Grey Arabian ... 3

The Tyro Stakes of 25 sous. each, p.p., for 2-yr-old colts
and fillies. T. Y.C. Three-quarters of a mile. 8 sub..

Sir J. Boswell's General Chasse (Nicholson) 1
Mr. Metcalf's Monitor
Duke of Cleveland's br. c. by Longwaist
Mr. Jaques's ch. c. by Wanton
Mr. Salvin's Isabella, by Lottery

Mr. Ramsay's Hampton
The Newcastle Stakes of 10 sous. each, p.p , with 25
sous. added by the town, for horses, &c., of all ages.
One mile. The second to save his stake. 6 subs.
Mr. Morley's Palmtiower, by Jerry, 3 yrs. 1
Orde's The Dancing Master, 3 yrs
Mr. Ramsay's Mr. Bish, by Lottery, 5 yrs 3
Mr. Jaques's Pantomime, 3 yrs 4

- -
THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

Montreal p3pers to the 21st May, and Quebec to the
IPth May, have been received at the North and South
American Coffee-house. _

(From the Montreal Papers.)
The Newfoundland papers contain an account of a dif.
ference between the two branches of the Legislature, on
the subject of a Revenue Bill. As far as can be collected
from the address of the Assembly, and the Governor's
reply, the case is as follows :—The Executive wants
money for the business of Government, to raise which the
Assembly imposes a tax on luxuries, in the shape of a
duty on wines, spirits, &c. This all Colonial Assemblies
have done before. The Bill in question, however, does
not appear to have been any thing beyond an ordinary
Revenue Bill, con,equently his Excellency Sir Thomas
Cochrane would have at once given it the royal assent;
but it was not permitted him to have a voice in the ques-
tion, the Council having rejected the Bill set forth in the
address. Their motives in thus embarrassing the Go-
vernment have not transpired.

IMPORTANT TO SETTLERS —A hand-bill has been
printed for circulation, signed by A. C. Buchannan, chief
agent for settlers, which contains the following :—.4 All
emigrants who reach York, and may require it, will be
employed by Government."—Quebec Mercury.
It is rumoured in- town that Sir Jahn Colburne, lieu-
tenant-Governor of Upper Canada, is recalled, and that
his Excellency Lord Aylmer is instructed to discounts•
nance all attempts to foster national distinction. He is
to conform himself fur the future according to the will
of the majority.
About 1,100 shares Stock of the City Bank were tak(n
yesterday.
(From the Quebec Papers.)

The Halifax p tpi-rs mention that on the 20th March
his Honour the President prorogued the Parliament of
Nova Scotia, in a speech which confers the highest testi-
mony to the industry of the Members.
The Upper Canada papers leave very little doubt that a
complete change is taking pl .ce in the Executive Govern-
ment of Upper Canada. The present Executive Council
is to he suppressed altogether.
By the New York papers received, to the 25th of May,
we learn by accounts from Mexico, that the late Minister,
AldTan, Secretary of State, and Farir, late Minister of
War, have absconded or secreted themselves; and that
Manguine,l,te Minister of Finance, is in confinement.
A circular has been issued to all commanders of the ports,
to prevent their escape—hut gold does wonders.
