COTTON TRADE.

Since our last weekly report, we hear that upwarab Jr 3,000 bales of
Cotton have changed hands. A better feeling pervades our market
since the last news from Europe, on the principle that drowning men
catch at straws. It is well known that if we continue to sell our staples
to the English without buying in return, a re-action must come. The
prices for the last few days have ranged from 7 to 12 cents.
At New Orleans, on the 10th, the market was quiet—the sales being
in small quantities, from 7i to 10i cents. The enormous discounts on
up-country money prevent purchases, and the heavy charges fur freights
hinder shipments.

Strong in the goodness of their course and the rectitude of
their intentions, the negro emancipationists are neither to be
deterred by difficulties nor disheartened by delays in the prose-
cution of the great and holy design upon which they have entered
—namely, the physical and moral redemption of the coloured
branch of the human family. It is one of the prerogatives of
a virtuous resolution that the zeal to realize it increases in pro-
portion to the number and magnitude of the unforeseen ob-
stacles that suddenly arise to prevent its pursuit. The interest
which attaches to purely political questions is generally of brief
duration—it disappears altogether with a new modification of po-
litical circumstances ; and posterity is often left to wonder how
such a mole-hill could possibly have produced such hurricanes of
party contention. But the very contrary is the case with re-
gard to the interest attached to questions involving great
moral and religious principles. It increases with the increase
of national intelligence—it grows with the growth of enlight-
ened public opinion. It has its root in the human heart—
but deepest in the heart nurtured by studious inquiry,
and softened and purified by the sacred influences of
Christianity. Of such questions, that of the unqualified
abolition of slavery, not only in the West Indies, but through-
out the world, is undoubtedly the most momentous. We are,
therefore, not surprised to find the citizens of Bristol as reso-
lutely bent upon breaking the last fetter that binds the
limbs of the poor negro, as their fellow-countrymen of
London, Liverpool, Birmingham, Manchester, Dublin, Edin-
burgh, and Glasgow. Past exertions are only re►nem-
bered as stimulants to more strenuous action—not as
justificatory pleas for future relaxation. The generous
cry throughout the country is, " While anything remains
to be accomplished for the slave—while his limbs are dis-
honoured with the chain of the oppressor—there must be no
respite from exertion—no folding of the arms on the part
of the Emancipationists." The Meeting at Bristol yester-
day, and the speeches thereat delivered, reflect great credit
upon the MAYOR and all who took a part in it. We hare
neither space nor time to give here a summary of these
speeches ; but this is the less to be regretted, as there
are few of our readers who will pass them over with-
out notice. When the MAYOR of Bristol justly de-
scribed the people of England as a " just people—a loyal
people—a proud people—a grateful people"—and we will take
the liberty of adding—a humane people—an intelligent people
—and a pious people—be described a nation incapable of
of tolerating the longer continuance of so henious a crime as
that of slavery.

The Paris Papers of Monday are more than usually barren
of intelligence. Of idle speculation there is no lack,
but of authentic news of any interest there is not a syllable.
Don FRANCISCO DE PAULA had arrived with his family at
Bayonne, where he intends to remain, if such was the pleasure
of Louis PHILIPPE. A letter in the Swabian Mercury of
the 11th, states that the PORTE has signified to the foreign
Ambassadors that infractions of the law by foreigners are
henceforth to be punished according to the judicial code o
the Moslems. This notification has caused some stir among
the diplomatists at Constantinople.

SPAIN.
(Private Correspondence of the ConstilutiomzeL)

LOGRONO, MAIL- 7.—Espartero has returned to Miranda; his troops
resume their positions on the Ebro. Iriarte, with 7,000 men, will go
to reinforce the army of the centre, which will amount to 25,000 men ;
Espeletta, with 1,800 men, Is at Onma ; this corps will alt. against
Merino. The prisoners taken from Negri have arrived at Burgos. This
chief, who is flying with 200 lame horses, has been overtaken by a re-
giment of Oraa's, which took some prisoners. This defeat has filled the
Castillian Carlists with dismay. Espartero has now 30,000 men under
his command,: besides the divisions of La ltibera and the corps of Pam.
peluna, amounting to 14,000 men. Guerque has retired from the en-
virons of Balmaseda."

ESTELLA, MAT 8.-Munagorri has caused much alarm at the Court
of Don Carlos; his confidential adherents do not dissemble that many
proselytes are made. The proceedings against the persons in confine.
men t are prosecuted with the greatest secrecy.
The accounts brought from Germany by the Baron de Los Valles are
not very satisfactory. The following is the substance of them :-If
Don Carlos gain ground, the German Powers will support him; other-
wise, they will abandon him. Don Carlos purposes to march towards
Cantavieja ; his project is to take possession of some posts on the Medi-
terranean. This is the execution of the advice given him last year by
the agents of the Czar.
FRENCH FUNDS.-PARIS, MAT 14.
Five per Cents., 109 f. 25c. 10c. sc. 15c.
Four per Cents., 102 f.
Three per Cents., 81f. 15c. 10c. 20c, 15c.
Bank Actions, '2,710f.
ilente de Naples, 100 f. 80c.
Roman Five per Cents., 101j64%.
Spanish Actives, 21 Ti 22.
Spanish Passives, 4%. •
Spanish Differes, 8.
Belgian Loan, 1031,4
Belgian Bank, 1,440 f.
Portuguese Loan, Three per Cents. 23% 24%.
Eitytian Loan, 435 f. 48. f.
EXCIIANOR ON LONDON.
Ore month, paper, 25E 42!7c.; money, 25r. 4214 c.
Three months, paper, 2.5 r. 30 . ; roonaY, 25f.
LATEST PRICES.
Five per Cents. 109 f. 15e.
Three per Cents., 81f. 15c.
Bank Actions, 2,710 f.
Romans, 101}(i.
Belgian Loan, 103 W.
Belgian Bank, 1,440 f.
Portuguese Three per Cents., 24%.
Spanish Actives, 22.
Spanish Passives. 41i.
Spanish Differes, 8.
haytian Loan, 480 f.

Letters and papers from Madrid to the 7th inst. have been
received. They announce the incarceration of Mr. GEORGE
BARROW, Agent of the British and Foreign Bible Society,
under the authority of a warrant of the Political Chief of
Madrid, for selling copies of the Scriptures printed at Gib-
raltor —there being no means for having them printed without
a license in any town or city of Spain. This event has roused
the indignation of Sir GEORGE VILLIERS, who was treated
with gross disrespect by the authorities upon complaining of
the perpetration of such an outrage against the liberty of a
British subject. His Excellency's notes relative to this affair
so alarmed Count OFALIA, that an order for the liberation of
Mr. BARROW was made ou" at a Cabinet Council ; but that
gentleman declined leaving the prison before receiving satis-
faction for the injury he had sustained. The Clergy, as might
be expected, are up in arms against Mr. BARROW, whom they
regard with a horror as intense as do our own priesthood the
Irish Chureh appropriation clause. Like the Ephesian arti-
ficers they tremble for the interests of the craft. A report of
the death of General NARVAEZ, at Jaen, reached Madrid on
the 6th, and created great uneasiness. It was likewise ru.
moured that the Government had ordered the arrest of
General FLINTER on a charge of treason, but that the brave
deliverer of Almaden has escaped to Portugal. We have no
account of the movements of the army.

LAST NIGHT'S DIVISION.

PAIRE

OFF.

AGAINST.
Plumptre, John P.—East Kent
Hope, James—LinlithgowKsgire
Tollemache, llon. F.—Grantham
Christopher, R. A.—Lincolnshire
Alexander, Viscount—Tyrone
Tyrrell, Sir J. T.—North Essex
Dungannon, Lord —Durham
Campbell, Sir H.—Berwickshire
Cooper, E. J.—Sligo Co.
:NT.

RI TOES.
Ileathcote, G. J.—Lincolnshire
Ileathcote, Sir G.—Rutllnd
Jones, Wilson—Denbigh
Lennox, Lord J. G.--West Sussex
Lennox, Lord A.—Chichester
Long, W.—North Wiltshire
Mackinnon, W. A.—Lymington
Noel, William M.—Rutland

300
319

Int
