NOVEMBER 29, 1834
N 1 SATTTraiy,

_ ',limy of which he (Mr. Muntz)
Heard. He would not attach that name to the
transaction which it merited ; but he knew what he—and
he should think every man of common feeling—would call
it. Again, in 1832, when the Duke of Wellington was on
the point of coming into office—indeed, when he was ae-
tually in power—the King of Hawed' was the first td sigh
a most oppreselee declaration of the German Diet for en-
tirely destroying the freedom and liberty of the press. He
(Mr. Muntz) left the meeting to infer from the fact what
they pleased. His inference was, that the King of Hanover
signed that document with the knowledge of the Duke of
Wellington, and that he would have resorted to a similar
proceeding here, if he had dared. He abstained, however,
not because he did not wish it, but because he could not
carry it into execution in this country.—(Cheers.) There
were many other little circumstances which recommended
the Duke to their especial favour. One was his declara-
tion, that every public_ meeting was a "farce." It was
farcical enough to say so, and he believed some public meet-
ings had taken place in the course of that and the previous
week, which the Duke of Wellington would consider by no
means farcical.—(Cheers.) In addition to this, he had de-
clared that the old constitution was so perfect, that were he
called upon to make a fresh one, he could not improve it.—
(Cheers.) Now could it be supposed that this man would
so completely—be would say, so shamefully—depart from
all his public principles and practice, as to set himself up at
this time of day as a Reformer ?—(Cheers.) The Duke of
Wellington was to preside over a great commercial country.
He (Mr. Muntz) would give them an idea of the Duke's
knowledge of commerce. A few years ago a motion on
the state of the country was brought before Parliament, in
which he took part. He acknowledged there existed some
distress, but, said he, " the merchants ought not to com-
plain, because the price of timber indemnifies them for all
their losses." Very well. A few sententes further he ac-
knowledged that the shipping interest was in a state of
great distress, but he said they ought to consider—what ?
That they were indemnified for their losses by the low price
of timber.—(Great laughter and cheering.) In addition
to his other titles, the Duke was Chancellor of the Univer-
sity of Oxford—that was almost enough for them.—(A
laugh.) They knew what that meant, and what Oxford
men were ; they knew very well that he would never have
been elected but for a particular purpose, and to be at the
beck and call of that University. Last of all, he had sup-
ported the Poor Law Bill—(Cheers)—about which he
(Mr. Muntz) knew there were conflicting opinions, though
he thought it a robbery of the poor for the protection of
the rich—(A cheer)—and he knew nothing whatever of
the commercial interests of the country. In his opinion,
the best thing the Duke of Wellington bad ever done or
said was his declaration that be should be a simpleton if he
ever took office at all.—(Laughter and great cheering.)
Did he want fame ? He had enough already. He was a
great soldier, and he had been greatly rewarded.—(Hear.)
The account stood equally balanced ; he had done his duty
to his country in that capacity, and his country had done
its duty to him. He wished not only for the Duke's sake,
but all their sakes, that he had notmoved out of his proper
sphere of action.—(Cheers.) There was a trite and well-
known line with which he would conclude—
" England expects that every man this day will do his duty."
—(lireat cheering.)
The resolution was then put and carried unanimously
amidst a tumult of applause.
The Rev. Mr. M'DONNELL (a Catholic Priest) rose to
move the second resolution. Their object was to express
their firm, their deliberate, and their unalterable determi-
nation to resist to the utmost the measures now in contem-
plation in higher quarters.—(Loud cheers.) If the late
Administration had given dissatisfaction to these spirits of
iniquity in high places, it was because they had not been
specially hostile to the people ; while they, on the other
hand, felt that the, had not been so well treated by them,
as they expected andj ought to have been. Ile believed that
a great lesson had been taught to the late Ministry, and
that they would come to know it some time. He believed
they would find that they ought to have sought for the sup-
port and assistance of the people, and not to have depended
for rest on the rotten reed of aristocratic support. He
thought that the political banquet which had been re-
cently served up was wanting in mie essential requisite—
he meant the Durham mustard, which would have rendered
it wholesome. [This allusion was received with protracted
cheers.] He trusted its flavour would be communicated to
the next banquet on the political table. The "bloody old
Times," to use the expression which had been already quoted,
had lately told the people that the Duke promised to act
on Reform principles. Now they knew that no man had
so resolutely opposed every principle of Reform as the Duke
of Wellington.--(Cheers.) They were now told that he
and his party would adopt those very principles, and put
them in practice. Were they to suppose that these men,
from mere lust of power, were prepared to do that which
they had so often contended would compass the destruc-
tion and degradation of the country? Could it be be-
lieved that they held their principles so light as to
sacrifice them for the possession of power, or that the
people—the English people—were so besotted as to en-
trust power into the hands of men who openly avowed that
;hey would sacrifice every pr;nciplc ,ot their political lives
,for their own personal age'randisemeaf—(Cheers.) He
was satisfied that he should receive such an emphatic an-
swer as they had just given him. He had not forgotten
those old voices that had shouted the enemy back in his
corruption, and sent him to his original dirty obscurity,
from whence he did not dare to come forth until the battle
had been fought and won.—(Renewed cheering.) The
Duke of Wellington had held that public meetings—those
opportunities for the ebullition of angry feelings and moody
discontent, which might otherwise terminate in bloodshed
—were farces ; in short, he considered the people as
the mere tools of aristocratic despotism. There was a
little anecdote which was current some time since,
which he would recal to their recollection, as bearing
in some degree on the present question. When the
present King, then Duke of Clarence, waited on
his brother the late King, on being required to re-
sign the office of Lord High Admiral, the Duke of
Wellington was present. His present Majesty was re-
ported to have said to his brother, " The Duke only wants
one more thing, namely—that you would be pleased to
resign yourself."—(Cheers.) He (Mr. M'Donnell) was
sorry his Majesty should since have called that individual to
his councils ; for the question now really came to this, whe-
ther the King should resign, or the Duke of Wellington.
(Partial cheering) ! He (Mr. M'Donnell) should regret
if that remark were misconstrued, because his political
principles were decidedly hostile to any other opinion than
that which he would now express. He stood up there,
he ventured to say, in the name of the people of England,
on behalf of the King of England. He wished them to
rally round the throne ; he wished the affections of the
people to surround his Majesty : he was desirous to prove
to him that he had been ill-advised, and that if he wished
to secure the stability of his threne, and the political in-
stitutions of the country, he must call to his aid the friends
of the people—(Great cheering. A voice in the room,
" Yes, but it is necessary his Majesty should be made ac-
quainted with his foolishness"). They heard a great deal
about "measures not men." Now he (Mr. M'Donnell)
considered that it was full time to speak out, and to declare
to every one whom it concerned, that the people of
England would not be trifled with. They were told that
they ought to allow the Duke and his party time. Time !
What for ? To prepare their nets ; to draw them quietly
round the people of England, and secure them beyond all
hope of escape ?—(Cheers.) Let them remember the IRELAND.—DUBLIN, THURSDAY, Nov. 27.
fable. The farmer was foolish enough to cherish a snake (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.)
in his bosom; he gave it time to warm and expand ; and it FOURTH MEETING OF THE IRISH ANTI-TORY
bit him for his folly.—(Cheers.) What the people wanted ASSOCIATION.
to do was to stifle the snake in its infancy. They were to Tbis Society held its fourth sitting at the usual place of'
wait, he supposed, until the return of Sir Robert Peel. He rendezvous, the late Catholic Association Rooms, at the
hoped the people of England would hail his arrival with so Corn Exchange.
loud a voice as to repeal him, and the Duke too.—(Cheers Among the new faces at this day's convocation, I observed
and laughter.) He trusted that the people of England Lord Tynham, and in the fashionable array of rank and beauty
which graced the gallery, Lady Tynham occupied a promi-
wouldcome forward, as one man, and show that they were
determined not to submit to such vile degradation and position.nenotethemtion of Mr. FINN, E. S. R slavery—that they would go to his Majesty and offer to
for the city of Dub lin, was called to the chair.UTHVEN, Esq M. P.
protect him against his disguised, but his worst enemies.—
Mr. FINN, M.P. announced to the meeting that an English
(Cheers.) He (Mr. M'Donnell) knew that he was ad- nobleman, who had always supported the people in the House
dressing an assembly that understood not only the principles of Lords, was at present amongst them. The exertions of
of civil, but those of religious liberty. Were they to be told that nobleman in resisting the infamous Coercion Act would
that the Chancellor of the University of Oxford, who had ex- not be forgotten by the people of Ireland ; and it was only
y erted himself to exclude Dissenters from the Universit and necessary for him to mention the name of Lord Tynham in
prevent their completing their education, was the man'who
order to elicit their feelings of respect for so able and honest a
would throw open the gates of the colleges and seminaries nobleman.—(Cheers.)
of learning.—(Cheers.) He (Mr. M'Donnell) would,.
,be The Ceautstaefly
ashamed and afraid to enter one of the universities, if he that Mr. O'Connellbrie was
detained by professional business in
saw the Duke of Wellington at the gate invitingbein him in. closed its labours.
—(Renewed cheering.) He would say no more of religious Several gentlemen were then proposed as Members of the
differences. In that meeting, and be believed he might Anti-Tory Association, and admitted. Among them were
add, throughout the country, there was no such thing as Lord Tynham, Sir William Brabazon, William Sherman
Church of Englandism, or any other ism but Unitarianism. Crawford, Esq., Joseph Dennis Mullin, Esq., Power,
—(Great cheering.) The national creed consisted of but Esq., P. Barian, Esq., &c.
one article, and that article was, that " Britons never would Mr. O'CONNELL having by this time entered the room, rose
be slaves."—(lmmense cheering. He was glad to hear and said he was prepared to report from the Election Commit-
their) they had to discharge was,
voices once again ; he should now be enabled to tell tee.
The duty which
evewthbeierb return of Reformers in theto devise the
event of a
thouht inevitable. At present
dictator, holding in
his
the hero of Ireland, when he wrote to him, that the people
best me
of Birmingham did not deserve his reproaches. The slight- dissolution,an s
to
an securentf
Wellington was
ef
est breeze would dispel the mist that overspread the fair the
Duke an absolute
own hands all the great offices State, and for this act he
face of heaven. The lion was difficult to rouse, but the had no hesitation in saying that the Duke of Wellington ought
lion of Birmingham was now up, and would drive before to be impeached. In a free country a dictator ought not to
him all those inferior and dirty brutes that had made— be endured. In the dominions of Russia such an instrument
not only England, but Ireland, their prey.—(Loud might be tolerated, and he supposed the Emperor Nicholas
cheers.) Had they forgotten the Duke's insult to Ire- had some such instrument as the Duke of Wellington. The
land, which he seemed to have forgotten was his native Emperor of Austria had a Metternich. Louis Philip would
land? Had they forgotten his declaration, in answer to
be very glad to use Talleyrand in carrying his tyrannical edicts
effect. The Duke knows full well the position in which
millions of her people to be admitted to the rights of free into
k, is placed, and he is already,if the Pilot of that day could
that Ireland had been won by the sword, and that by be- relied on,
the Kin shift the blame of the late
the sw.,rd she must be maintained ?He (Mr. M'Donnell ) changes upon King. The paper which contained the
would have
that man to know that there were more swords charge, challenged the Wellington portion of the press to con-
than his own. .He would have him to know that it was not tradict it, and until time had been afforded to those papers to
he, but the united 7' iergies of Englishmen, Scotchmen, and do so, he should defer the observations which he had to

" MAY IT PLEASE YOUR MAJESTY,
" We, your Majesty's loyal subjects, the inhabitants of the
Borough of Gateshead, in public meeting assembled, feel that
we should be wanting in duty as faithful subjects of the British
Crown, did we hesitate one moment to express to your Majesty
our sorrow and indignation at the restoration to power of a
faction which has for generations fattened upon our industry,
trampled upon our rights, and laughed to scorn every effort,
even those of King and people united, to restore to the Com-
mons of the empire that salutary power and influence in the
state which their ancestors bequeathed to them, as the best
safeguard of the throne, and the surest guarantee of national
contentment.

" When we call to mind those memorable assurances by your
Majesty, in your Majesty's speeches in Parliament, of your
Royal desire to see pursued and perfected those reforms in the
various institutions and general affairs of the State, which your
Majesty's faithful people have so eagerly, yet patiently ex-
pected as the consequences of the Reform Bill, we should in-
deed ill requite your Majesty were we to attribute the recall to
power of your Majesty's and the people's enemies to any other
cause than the temporary success of Court intrigue, no less
insulting to the Monarch than odious and abominable to the
people.

" Yielding to no portion of our fellow-subjects in attach-
ment and devotion to the Monarchical Government of our
country, we declare to your Majesty, in the language best
befitting a free people towards a constitutional King, that no
Minister of the British Crown can possess The confidence of
the nation, who will not, by carrying into effect those measures
of Reform which have been so long demanded, and so faith-
fully promised, show his determined resistance to the Tory
principles of extravagance, self-aggrandizement, and misrule.
" We, therefore, humbly but most earnestly entreat .our
Majesty to call to your Majesty's councils those only who are
pledged to act in accordance with the promises of your Ma-
jesty and the expectation of your people ; and we pray that
your Majesty may long reign over us, as the protector and
asserter of those constitutional principles which placed your
Majesty's family on the throne of these kingdoms."

Irishmen, that conquered on the plains of Waterloo ; that
it was their swords that made him a hero ; and that their
swords could unmake him, if he drove them too far.—(Tre-
mendous cheers.) The Reverend Gentleman concluded by
moving.the second resolution—" That the following gentle-
men form a committee, with power to add to their number,
for the purposes stated in the foregoing resolution." [Here
follow the names of the committee.]
Mr. WILLIAM BEALE had great pleasure in seconding it.
The Duke of Wellington had said on a memorable occasion
that there should be no mistake. He should have no mis-
take from him (Mr. Beale). He now told him, fearlessly
and honestly, looking to his actions and the whole of his
past life, that he was not the man for the people of Eng-
land.—(Laughter and cheers.)
The resolution was agreed to amidst loud plaudits ; only
one hand being raised against it.
Mr. EDMONDS was on the point of reading a letter
which he had received from Mr. Thomas Attwood, in his
unavoidable absence, containing an address to his consti-
tuents, when

The CHAIRMAN said, that in his own vindication, he
might, perhaps, be permitted to inform the meeting that he
should, under any other circumstances, have opposed the
reading of correspondence from any individuals, however
respectable ; but as Mr. Attwood held the important si-
tuation of Representative of that great borough ; as he
had it not in his power to attend the meeting ; and as he
had taken the trouble to write a letter—he (the Chairman)
had acquiesced in the propriety of its being read.
Mr. EDMONDS thanked the Chairman for his permission,
and proceeded to read the letter. An allusion which it
_

contained to Lord Durham, as the fittest person to be
called to his Majesty's Councils, was hailed with the -most
enthusiastic cheering we ever heard. After a few obser-
vations, Mr. Edmonds moved the third resolution, "That
the proceedings of this meeting be inserted in the three
Birmingham papers, the Courier, and the Morning Chronicle."
Mr. JAMES JAMES seconded the motion. The follow-
ing Resolution was ultimately unanimously agreed to :
" That the resolutions of this day be inserted in the three
Birmingham papers, the Morning Chronicle, Courier, Globe,
The Sun, and such' other papers as the committee may
think fit."

Three cheers were then given for Mr. Scholefield : and
thanks having been voted to the Chairman, and duly ac-
knowledged, the meeting separated about half-past two
o'clock.

GATESHEAD ANTI,TORY MEETING.
On Wednesday last, pursuant to a requisition signed by a
number of the most respectable and influential inhabitants of
the spirited and newly enfranchised borough of Gatesheatl, a
public meeting was held in the large assembly-room at the
White Horse, in that town, to take into consideration and to
adopt the measures necessary in the present important crisis of
public affairs. The requisition was headed, " Alarming Crisis
—the boroughmongers Again in Power !!"
The room began to fill shortly after twelve o'clock, and
when the different speakers entered a little before one,
it was crowded. On the motion of Mr. Kell, C. RIPPON,
Esq., the Member for the Borough, was called to the
Chair, amidst the. greatest applause. In opening the business
of the meeting, he re-Vetted that he had been selected for the
important post, but in detailing the alarming situation of the
country, assured them that it required their utmost energies to
repel the machinations of their Tory enemies; he was per-
suaded that nothing short of the consolidated union of Whig
and Tory would ever accomplish that object. A number of
speakers followed—amongst whom were T. Doubleday, Esq.,
Mr. Kell, Mr. Reveley, and Mr. W. L. Harle. From the
latter gentleman's long and eloquent speech we quote the fol-
lowing passages :—He said, " If ever there was need of a
noble glow of enthusiasm—if ever there was need of a bitter
and lasting detestation of tyranny—if ever the heart should be
bold, and the brow undaunted—if ever all minor considerations
should be merged and forgotten in one mighty effort
to preserve our common country from eternal shame
and a hateful faction—‘ Now's the time and now's the
hour.'—(Great applause.) If the people would not shame
their lineage and breeding as Britons—if they would not belie
the character they had won from the Indus to the Pole—if
they did not blush for the cheers and acclamations with which
they rent the air when Polignac was driven from the Councils
of France, they would rise, Whigs and Radicals, as one man,
and with one hope, animating all, they would demand with
one voice the dismissal of his Grace of Wellington from the
government of this country." The meeting, throughout, was
conducted with the highest spirit and decorum, and the fol-
lowing Resolutions and Address to his Majesty were agreed to :
" Ist. That this meeting has seen with feelings of sorrow,
indignation, and alarm, the restoration to power of that odious
and despotic faction, which for generations has fattened on the
spoils and trampled upon the liberties of the British people :
That an administration composed of Members of such faction
can never enjoy the confidence of the country : That the safety
of the Throne and the stability of all our most valuable insti-
tutions require its immediate removal : and that an Address to
his Majesty to that effect be immediately transmitted to the
Secretary of State for presentation.
" 2. That the following Address be signed by the Chair.
man, on behalf of the Meeting, and transmitted accordingly.
3. That the thanks of this Meeting be given to the Earl
of Durham, for his manly and intrepid declaration in favour of
the popular and constitutional principles of Household Suf-
frage, Triennial Parliaments, and Vcte by Ballot.
" 4. That an Association be immediately formed, and that
this Meeting do constitute the same, to be called the Gateshead
Anti-Tory A.ssociation fa securing the return of libt.-ral members
to Parliament, and that every person, on subscribing his name to
a declaration expressive of his readiness to unite in effecting
so desirable an object, be considered as a member.
"5. That a Chairman and Secretary be appointed for such
Association, by a majority of the members.
"6. That the thanks of this meeting be given to Mr. Rip-
pon for his conduct in Parliament, and that he be requested to
use every exertion to further the objects of this meeting
" TO THE KING'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY.

(From the French Papers of Thursday.)
M. Humann, Minister of the Finances, has arrived at Paris.
Mr. Ellice, ate Secretary at War, has arrived at Paris, on
his way to Italy.
Marshal Clausel has returned to Paris.
Lieutenant-General the Count de la Ferriere, Commander-
in Chief of the National Horse Guards, died yesterday.
The Court of Peers assembled again yesterday, when M.
Girod do l'Ain continued the reading of his report. It gave
the names of the foreigners who appear to have held command
among the rebels at Lyons. The loss of the military on the
9th, 10th, 11th, 12th, 13th, and 14th -April, amounted to 129
killed, and 200 wounded; the number killed on the side of the
insurgents, including the innocent persons was 200. There
were eight houses blown up by petards, and two were des-
troyed by cannon. Having finished with Lyons, the report
proceeds to give an account of the events at St. Etienne, Gre-
noble, Chalons-sur- Saone, and Arbois ; and at length comes
to Paris. On hearing the head, Affaire de la Rue Transno-
nain, the attention of the Peers appeared to redouble. It
stated that officers and soldiers of the 35th Regiment were ex-
amined. Orders had been issued not to give quarter to per-
sons presumed to form part of the rebellion. The re-
port represents impartially the dispositions of the as-
sailants and the relations of the victims, between which
there prevail numerous contradictions. The following
is a summary of the killed and wounded in this affair :
National Guards, 1 killed, 6 wounded; troops of the line,
10 killed, 18 wounded ; Municipal Guard, 3 killed, 24
wounded ; insurgents, 14 killed. The report states that
three regiments of cavalry, in garrison at Luneville, were
ready to assemble at the voice of their non-commissioned offi-
cers to march to Paris, and would have been joined on the
road by men from the garrisons of Metz and Nancy, where
they had many associates. 24 non-commissioned officers of
cavalry were in the conspiracy, and 14 are included in the
prosecution. Observations on the association called "La
Liberte de la Presse," at Perpignan, complete the general
facts. A very long correspondence between this association
and the mother society was read. The reporter then pro-
ceeded to particular facts, commencing with the Precurseur of
Lyons, and its principal Director M. Petetin, and its other
editor, M. Got. The articles incriminated are dated from the
sth oJanuary to the day on which the riots commenced.
The other journals cited were the Dauphinois and the Peuple
Souvarain of Marseilles.
The elections for the members of the Council-General of
the Departnient of the Seine continued yesterday, when six
other members were chosen, but seven still remain to be
elected..;
Intelligence of Sir Robert Peel's acceptance of the Pre-
miership has arrived in Paris.—Temps. We believe this to
be a mistake.—Gdignani's Messenger.
The Courrier Francais says—" The position of the Mini-
stry has so changed since the address, that a new speech from
the throne is considered indispensable by certain members of
the Council, but others, including the President de facto, are
of a different opinion. He alleges that foreign affairs 'have
become so embarassing since the fall of the Whig Ministry,
that it is almost impossible to touch upon them even in the
most vague manner. The Doctrinaires, however, do not carry
their views abroad, but look only at what surrounds them.
They know how much they arc the object of antipathy in the
Chamber, and the intentions of the Tiers parti regarding
them, and they wish, by a few words delivered from the throne,
to shelter themselves behind the inviolability of the Monarch,
or at least see the whole Cabinet compromised together. There
have been several discussions on this subject in the presence of
the King, and as M. Humann has arrived, it will probably be
decided on to-day."
The Constitutionnel says---" Ministers have written to the
prefects to urge the deputies upon whose support they can
rely to take their seats on the day the session opens, while to
those about whom they are in doubt they have caused it to be
insinuated that the first part of the session will be occupied
with unimportant subjects. Let, however, the imposing majo-
rity that carried the address be at their post to defend it."
The Augsburg Gazette of the 23d instant quotes the funds
at Vienna on the 18th__Metallics, 5 per Cents., 994 ditto,
4 per Cents., 911; Bank. Actions, 1,282.
The Prussian State Gazette of the 21st instant announces
the arrival at Berlin of Prince George of Hesse-Cassel, from
Frankfort-on-the-Oder. The Prussian funds on the 20th were,
cash, 993-; paper, 100.
A letter of the 22d inst. from Bayonne says, that the Car-
list Junta which were at Aranza have been taken. Nineteen
individuals, as well principal members as subaltern persons,
fell into the hands of the peseteros of Elisondo, who were in
pursuit of them, under the command of General Oraa. I
have conversed with several persons who saw them conducted
to Pampeluna to be tried and executed. The surprise was so
well concerted, that the President of the Junta was quietly
performing mass when hands were laid upon him.
The Emperor of Russia went from St. Petersburgh to Ber-
lin in three days and four nights. The postilion, who did not
know him, continued to whip his horses after he arrived at the
Palace, but Nicholas ordered him to stop, threw 15 double
louis into his hat, and was recog;nized by this act of generosity.
The Crown Prince of Sweden is expected at Berlin.
The Count de Bourmont lately arrived at Civita Vecchia,
and was received with the greatest distinction by the Pontifical
authorities. The local Government invited him to a splendid
banquet.
The Russian Government has awarded a gold medal to
Conrad Staff, a colonist of Catharinestadt, in Saratoff, for
having succeeded in promoting the culture of American tobacco
in the four colonies of Resanowka, Lucerne, Zug, and Soleure.
In six years the produce was 16,355 poods, which, at the mean
price of seven rubles a-pood, produced 114,485 rubles..
The- German Courier of Wurternberg gives the following of
the 19th instant from Frankfort :—" The accession of Frank-
fort to the union of the customs is evidently at hand, as the
preliminary negotions with Darmstadt and Nassau are con-
cluded, and our two representatives will set out on Friday for
Berlin. The merchants who deal largely in English and
French goods look with anxiety to the consequences of the
accession. Frankfort must lose considerably by the union, for
it is impossible to calculate any profit she can hope to derive
from it. The working classes alone will gain by it."
PARIS, Nov. 25.--The troops of the Queen of Spain have
everywhere resumed offensive operations. Generals Oraa,
Lorenzo, Iriarte, &c., have received reinforcements, and are
pursuing the insurgents without intermission. The first of
these Generals attacked the Carlists, on the 18th, in the Val-
ley of Besa. He has 7,000 men, devoted to the cause, under
him. From the firing of the musketry and the cannonade,
the affair seems to be serious. We expect the details.
A courier, who had arrived at Bayonne, has just affirmed
that Mina and Zumalacarreguy were in face of each other be-
fore Stella. An important action was expected on the 20th.
—lndicateur.
Twelve thousand Urbanos (civic guard) have arrived at
Saragossa ; 3,000 of them have been detached to Logrono.
The forces which have very recently arrived in those provinces,
including the Urbanos and the volunteers who are assembling
under Mina, are estimated at 25,000 or 26,000 men ; this,
added to 42,000 regular troops, will make upwards of 60,000
men, which will suffice to subdue the insurgents.—lndicateur.
Corps of volunteers are organising in the Queen's cause, to
harrass the .Carlists on the mountains. It is the only manner
of making war upon them with success.—Phare.
PARIS, Nov. 27.—News of the morning.—M. Humann has
kept his word. He arrived at Paris yesterday evening, the
26th.

The Constitutionnel says---" It is now known that a very
pressing message has been sent to Lord Lowther, who, like
Sir R. Peel, is now in Italy."
Mr. Ellice, Secretary of War in the dissolved Whig Mi-
nistry, has arrived at Paris on his way to Italy.
The Echo de la Frontiere was mistaken in stating that Lord
Grey had passed through Valenciennes : it was Viscount
Northland. A similar error has been committed by another

reques

.G_EANT.LEMEN'S.
MORNING(FromntRhEessG. Gentlemen's Magazine of Fa,sh,i°l2.)at, /fihtils
blue morning
seven gilt buttons on each la el which is narrow twig of
collar of velvet -
with square ends. This coat has n°_,,osertt,
the
skirts are broad at the waist and tail ; Cossack Pi;oovb
fawn coloured diagonal k •ed Irate al '
erseymere, and plait
~,,ro s'
band. These trousers are cut 14 inchesat top
, k JO
and 9at knee and bottom. ,rh eletd
lappelieuartop; top
WALKING DRESS AND TRAVELLING CLOAK.---i 6 'lt
silk laventine, except the fronts, which are faced fur fa°
the same colour as the cloth; the collar of sable
011
broad and long. hazi breic
A NEW FASHIONED FROCK COAT.—This is a - the5 the
frock coat made plain ; double or sin gle breasted ; , , t`'°
sewed plain across the waist, the back skirt plaited Irers' er
collar narrow and flat. The trousers of French grei s
hioll
mere, cut moderately wide.
went
fas•A of
ADDITIONAL PARTICULARS.—Now that the %In.,— OP,
are in full activity, we can give some account of We, ts .;
great-coats and cloaks that will be worn. Great ciath too
much in request ; they are made double-breasted, woys v
rows of buttons ; the pockets of some arc placed bias:nal o..l'ij;
front ; some great-coats have the pockets cut in the 0.- 0
at each side ; the flaps narrow, cut in three points., oftb,
plush is used to line great-coats, and we have seen some ' gres
collars and lappels made of the same material. Fe"
f
coats are made with rolling collars. Cloaks are also
neje ve.ti,
; they are of four descriptions ; the.first 15 Inv SC 111
-, with a large cape ; they arc suitable for those gaited i',l
m throw them over the shoulders ; the second is Ply tlsir
round, and is not made to pass over the shouldcrs;7loor-
is the carrik—the fourth is the round cloak, wade Wit
