PROTEST AGAINST ULTERIOR MEASURES.
The SEcRETARYread the following protest signed by

Messrs. Sankey and Cleave.
" Feeling perfectly convinced that according to the
expressed object for which the Convention of the indus-
trious classes has been constituted, London is the
proper place for this Convention to sit, so long as it
continues to superintend the presenting the petition—
we hereby enter our protest against removing its sit-
tings to Birmingham, having voted against the same,
and disclaim being considered as a party to any pro-
ceedings that may there take place place ; and further,
being convinced that the ulterior measures proposed, are,
under present circumstances, unwise, and impolitic,—
and that the only proper course to pursue, consistent
with the best interests of the country, and to insure the
success of the cause is still to continue peaceable agita-
tion, by exercising the constitutional right of petition-
ing ; must intimate our resolution not to accompany
the Convention to Birmingham, but to return to our
constituents ; and request this protest to be inserted on
the minutes. 11th May, 1637."
Upon its being read a short discussion ensued on the
propriety of entering the protest on the minutes.
Mr. O'CoNNoR would move that it be not entered
on the minutes. The value of protests were well known
to every person. Through this protest it would appear
that the persons who protested were anticipating a judg-
ment on the future actions of the Convention, which
they had no right to do.—(Hear.)
Mr. DONALDSON agreed with Mr. O'Connor.
Mr. DEEGAN said, of all men in the Convention, Mr.
Cleave should refrain from entering his name on such a
protest.
Mr. RICHARDSON and Mr. CARPENTER were opposed
to its being entered on the minutes.
Mr. WooratousE supported Mr. O'Connor.
Mr. SANKEY withdrew his name from the protest
amid the cheers of the meeting.
Mr. CLEAVE said he was not so timid as to do so.
Upon which the CHAIRMAN put the question on Mr.
O'Connor's resolution, which was carried.
FINANCIAL.

Mr. Sankey's name being withdrawn,
Mr. PITKEITIILEY protested against a money vote of
the previous part of the day; the protest was also signed
by Dr. Taylor and Mr. Mills.
Reasons for protesting against a vote of the Conven-
tion of Saturday on the mode by which payment was to
be mad• to Delegates appointed to attend simultaneous
meetings to be held in Whitsun-week, Sze. :
" We protest Ist—Against the arguments laid down by
certain Delegates, wherein they claimed to be paid cer-
tain expenses out of the national rent, because (forsooth)
they were not paid by their own constituents, and be-
cause our principles being opposed, while our rules deny
the right to act upon any such principle ; and further,
because it admits not only a very dangerous but a des-
tructive principle, by opening a door to our enemies to
send any number of Delegates to vote away our funds—
vote against our principles, and send us home (if we
dare face them) to our constituents in order to explain
that we have been befooled by our and their tyrants
and oppressors, and enable them to leave us without
funds ; and that, of course, our occupation's gone and
their cause lost
" We protest 2,d—Against the generally admitted
principle, that one constituency can be called upon to
pay the Delegates of another constituency ; and further
protest, on behalf of our poor and very numerous con-
stituency, against the right of this Convention to apply
fund; subscribed by them for general purposes, to the
payment of Delegates from a comparatively rich consti-
tuency, nor the Delegates of even a poor constituency,
" L. PITKEITIILEY.
JAMES TAYLOR.
JAMES MILLS."

Upon the motion of Mr. SMART a Committee of
three Delegates was ordered to remain in London to
superintend the presentation of the petition, and to dis-
charge any other duties imposed on them by the Con-

vention.
Mr. O'CONNOR seconded the motion.
The Committee are Messrs. Hetherington, Rogers,
and Cleave.
Upon the motion of Mr. CARPENTER a vote of
thanks was passed to Mr. Beck, for his courteous con-
duct during the sitting of the Convention at his house.
A vote of thanks was passed with acclamation to Mr.
Lovett, for his zealous and judicious conduct on all oc-
casions as Secretary to the Convention.

THE QUEEN'S PROCLAMATION.
After a short discussion on the case of the thirteen
arrested Chartists,
Dr. TAYLOR stated that he attended a public meet-
ing at Blackhorse-fields, on Friday. In consequence
of the Queen's proclamation he was determined to go
to all the public meetings in the neighbourhood of
London to show that he did not regard it. The meet-
ing where he assisted at on Friday was very numerous,
and zealously attached to the Chartist principles. There
were a large body of the pollee present, but no dis-
turbance occurred.—( Hear, and cheers.)
Mr. O'CoNNoa. gave notice for appointing Bailie
Craig permanent Chairman of the Convention in Bir-
iningh am.
Upon the usual thanks b,,ing given to the Chairman
the Convention finally dissolved.

SOCIETY FOR THE PROTEC-
'I lON OF RELIGIOUS LIBERTY.

THE SUN, LONDON, MONDAY, MAY 13, 1839.

circumstances perpetually arise which demand the exist-
ence and interposition of this Society for the protection
and defence of the injured and oppressed."
Mr. BAINES, M.P.—The principles of that So-
ciety were those which had placed the illustrious
House of Brunswick upon the throne—(Cheers)—viz.,
civil and religious liberty, and those were the principles
which would maintain the family, upon throne and in the
hearts of the people.—(Cheers.) Undoubtedly they
had much reason to feel gratified at having ob-
tained so much in so short a time as had
elapsed since the establishment of the Society—
as more reforms had been got since then than had ever
before been obtained—surely that was encouragement
for them to persevere. The agitation against Church-
rates was gaining strength year by year—of course he
would not give his countenance to any breach of the
law, but he confessed he was not sorry, nay, he was
glad to see passive resistance to the payment of Church-
rates.—(Cheers.) The case of the poor shoemaker in
Chelmsford, as well as that of the poor man in Wales
who was put in prison because he could not work a
miracle—(Laughter)—it was so, because he was
punished for not procuring the sacramental bread and
wine after the parish had refused to give him money for
the purpose—and the case of the other poor man, who
because he would not attend Church was sent to prison
—all these cases were assisting the objects of the Society,
and would tend greatly to advance the end of so tyran-
nical a system.—(Cheers.) He would not give advice
that any one should violate the law, but he could not but
give his humble meed of praise to those persons who
paid no attention to the communications of the Ecclesi-
astical Courts for such matters.—(Cheers.) Atrocious
attempts had been made to revive the Test and Corpo-
ration Acts. A Lord Lieutenant in Nottingham
had had the audacity, notwithstanding the repeal ,
of those Acts, to say that so long as he had any
power, no Dissenter should ever be elevated to the
Bench, and he was most properly removed.—(Loud
cheers.) Was it not a glory to the late Ministry, if
they yet deserved that title—was it not a credit to
them that that man was no longer in power ?—(Cheers.)
It was their duty to support such men—(Loud cheer-
ing)—and if no other Member moved for the produc-
tion of the correspondence upon the subject, he would
do so himself.—(Cheers.) Supposing they were to
have the friends of that Noble Duke in power, what
prospects would there be for any amelioration in the
present condition of the Dissenters, or rather would
there not be an attempt to re-impose upon them some
of those badges of slavery which they had of late
happily got rid of? It was the duty, therefore, of every
Dissenter to rally round the Throne.—(Great cheering.)
The attempt to controul the Qneen had been made—
the Tories were anxious to remove from her presence
those with whom she had been brought up, and who
had instilled those principles of liberty into her mind
that she had given proof of.—(Loud cheers.) Was
it to be endured that any Tory was to come between
the highest personage in the land and her loving sub-
jects? - He begged, with all due deference and humility,
to question the law of his Learned Friend Dr. Browne—
( A laugh)—because the had the opinion of the Learned
Attorney-General upon the same point, and he
was against the opinion of the Learned Doctor. He
would, however, advise them to do as the Dissenters
did in Leeds. They were called upon yearly for a
Church-rate, but as regularly the meeting was ad-
journed for a year, and the churchwardens had never
attempted to impose a rate upon them. He hoped the
Dissenters generally would adopt the same plan, and
they would soon remove the burden. No doubt, if Sir
Robert Peel were to come in, he would at once abolish
Church-rates, but it would be on the plan of the Lon-
don pickpocket. He would say at once that he would
be very glad to abolish them in name, but he would
put them upon the Consolidated Fund, according to the
plan of Lord Althorp, which would render them more
firm than they at present were. There was a very old
adage used in his part of the country—that no one
should whistle until they were out of the wood. Now,
they might have Sir Robert Peel after all.—(Cries of
No, no.) It was not yet safe, and he called upon them
to be firm and unanimous in carrying out and advancing
the objects of the Society.
The Resolution was then unanimously adopted.
Mr. HATFIELD of Manchester then moved—
" 4. That observation and the experience of another
year, during which an unparalleled number of applications
have been made for advice and redress, confirm this Meet-
ing in their judgment that unabated and even augmented
endeavours should be made—
" To effect a final and complete abolition of Church-
rates.

.‘ To avert clerical persecution.
" To insure an improved and national Christian edca
tion on terms perfectly equal and just.
" To frustrate new pecuniary grants to the Established
Church and new chaplains to the parish unions.
" To protect the inhabitants of poor houses from the
infraction of their religious rights.
" To annihilate harsh, protracted and costly proceed-
ings in Ecclesiastical Courts, and,
" To obtain decisive redress for the many debasing and
intolerant grievances of which Dissenters and Methodists
have too long and but ineffectually complained ;
" And that they trust not only will their Committee
make renewed and extended exertions—but that all con-
genial institutions and local societies, and the liberal and
enlightened in every part of the world, will co-operate to
extend those triumphs of religious liberty which are
founded on eternal justice and truth."
Mr. GAWTHORN seconded it, and it also was unani-
mously adopted.
The following resolution was also passed :
" 5. That to James Baldwin Brown, Esq., LL. D., the
Treasurer; to John Wilks, Esq., Honorary Secretary;
and to the Members of the Committee—the thanks of this
Meeting be presented for their unwearied and honourable
labours, and for the wisdom and energy, activity, and pru-
dence they have displayed, and that the following ministers
and gentlemen be appointed the Committee for the en-
suing year:—
" Mr. Edward Ashby, J. B. Brown, Esq., LL.D.,
Rev. George Collison, A. M., Rev. W. B. Collyer,
D. D., F. A. S., Rev. F. A. Cox, LL.D., James Es-
daile, Esq., Rev. Alexander Fletcher, A. M., John
Homes, Esq., Rev. Thomas Jackson, Rev. Thomas
Lewis John Mellore, Esq., Rev. John Morison, D. D.,
Martin Prior, Esq., Rev Thomas Russell, A.M., Rev.
John Styles, D. D., John Wilks, Esq., Thomas Wilson,
Esq., Sir Matthew Wood, Bart., Alderman, M.P., and
mes Young, Esq."
JoHN WILKS, Esq., moved a resolution expressing
the gratitude of the Society to the Marquis of Lans-
downe, Lord Holland, Lord J. Russell, Lord Ebring-
ton, and others, who had given their sanction to the
Society, expressing also a hope that they would con-
tinue to act up to -the great nrinciples of civil and reli-
gious liberty which they had hitherto supported, thereby
gaining the respect and admiration of the country.
Dr. WARDLAW was loudly called upon to address
the meeting. The Rev. Doctor appeared quite unpre-
pared for such a summons, but, coming forward, was
received with loud cheering. He said, in allusion to his
late lectures on Church Establishments, that he trusted
the sentiments he then expressed met with the appro-
bation of the meeting.—(Loud cheers.) He cordially
concurred in the resolution, which was passed unani-

mously.
The following resolution was also unanimously
passed :
That this meeting feel it difficult to record the pecu-
liar and unequalled delight with which they have enjoyed
the distinguished favour and honour of the presence of his
Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex to preside on this
occasion, and after an interval of twenty-one years has
elapsed since that illustrious person conferred on this Insti-
tution a similar distinction ; but that they from their hearts
assure him of the cordial consolation they derive under all
circumstances from his countenance and support, and of
their devout aspirations that Providence will lowg prosper
and preserve a life that has been dedicated to the noblest
purposes, and to promote the best and greatest glory of his
native land."—( Loud cheers.)
His Royal Highness the Duke of SUSSEX, on rising to
return thanks was received with long continued cheering.
We regret exceedingly, that the densely crowded state
of the room, and of all the avenues thereto, prevented us
from approaching near enough to collect with
accuracy most of what fell from his Royal High-
ness—added to which, the rush made towards the
platform for the purpose of hearing him, and
the low tone of voice in which he spoke, especially at the
close of his sentences, rendered it extremely difficult for
us tohear. We however understood his Royal Highness
to speak as follows. It gives me great pleasure to be
with you on this occasion—and to hear the sentiments
which have been expressed—though my deafness pre-
cluded my hearing all that was said. I confess that I
had some anxiety about attending the meeting, and I
own that the motive which induced me to come was
the idea that the sanction of some person of weight and
influence in the State would be advantageous to those
great principles on which you are agreed.—(Loud
cheers.) Among those things which have given me pe-
culiar pleasure, I may mention the manner in which you
received the name of her Most Gracious Majesty.
—(Tremendous cheering.) I was present at her birth
—I have ever since looked to her with intense interest
and affection. How gratifying it is to me to find
that her name now excites that feeling of loyalty
and attachment in the breasts of her subjects, which
a sovereign who acts on right principles ought ever
to inspire.--(Renewed cheers.) Then with reference
to her late Majesty's Ministers—( Cheers)—you will of
course perceive, that in my situation, I could not say
much on this subject.—(Hear, hear.) But I think
I may say, it is with pleasure we find, that instead
of a stronger and harsher expression of our opinion
—we can congratulate ourselves upon the recal of the
Liberal Ministry to power.—(Loud and long continued
cheering.) And of this I am sure, that if they act
manfull upon the great principles which they profess—
they will secure the support and affection of the nation.
—(Renewed cheering.) But there must be no shuffling.
—(Tremendous cheering.) They must go on steadily,
but slowly and surely—we want no galloping.—(Con.
firmed eheerimr.) As to the Jamaica Bid, on which
they went out, I do in my conscience believe, that if it
does not pass, we shall have to do over again the work
of Negro emancipation.—(Loud cheering.) With re-
spect to the great subject of education, I know that
the world cannot go on without .rel.gion—( Hear)—
and I also know that the only true standard of religion
is the Bibb.—(Cheers.) I can easily conceive that
' persons of different religious creeds should wish their
