IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, MAY 7.
Earl SHAFTESBURY took his seat on the Woolsack as Deputy
Speak er at Five o'clock.
The Earl of STRADBROKE presented a petition from Stockport,
praying for Post-office Reform.
Earl GREY presented a petition from Tynemouth, praying for the
immediate abolition of the system of Negro-apprenticeship. He could
not concur in the prayer of the petition, though he agreed in the re-
probation of slavery. The Noble Earl presented several petitions from
congregations to the same effect.
The Bishop of DURHAM presented a petition, signed by 24, 0 0 0
inhabitants of Manchester, praying for the establishment of a system of
National Education.

Earl WICKLOW presented a petition from Ballyshannon, against
the Irish Poor-law Bill, and praying that relief might be confined to
the impotent and blind. He understood that Mr. Nichols had made a
report, which was of much importance, and he wished to know if it
would be laid before their Lordships.
Earl FITZ WILLI AM wanted to know what were the grounds upon
which Mr. Nichols had come to big conclusions.

Vicount MELBOURNE said he did not believe that Mr.
Nichols had visited Ireland at the request of the Secretary for
the Home Department; nor was he aware that he had made any report.
If he had, he would have no objection to lay it on the table.
The Marquis of DO WNSHIRE presented petitions from the
Grand Jury and the Sheriff of the
.County Down against the Irish
Poor-law Bill.

The Marquis of LONDONDERRY supported the prayer of the
petition.

The Marquis of SLIGO prewentcd numerous petitions praying for
the immediate abolition of the system of Negro apprenticeship.

The Bishop of DERRY presented a petition from the diocese of
Raphoe against the system of National Education in Ireland.

The Earl of WICKLOW supported the petition.

The Bishop of EXETER gave notice that on the 25th instant he
would call the attention of the House to the Report of the Committee,
which sat upon the system during last session.
Lord DENMAN presented a petition from the Friends of North
Shields and other places, praying for the immediate abolition of Negro
apprenticeship in the West Indies.
The Marquis of CLA 'NRICARDE presented petitions to the same
effect from Youghall, and places in Yorkshire, Lancaster, and Northum.
berland ; also from Dunbar, praying for Postage Reform.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY had seen it stated in the
public newspapers, that the Queen's name had been used against the
appointment of a celebrated individual as ambassador from France to
this country upon an interesting occasion, which would soon
come on. He had seen it stated that the Queen had requested
that some other person should be appointed, and that the for-
mer appointment had been cancelled, and another appointment made.
He trusted that the Noble Lord at the head of the Government would
be enabled to deny the accusation, and prove that the Government
had not interfered in the matter.

Viscount MELBOURNE w•as certainly in a situation to give
such an answer as was anticipated by the Noble Marquis.—
(Hear, hear.) The Government had taken no share whatever either
in the appointment, or the cancelling of any appointment, made by the
French Government.
