the improved intellects or judgments of people in
the higher ranks; or to speak less invidiously, from
the general advance of knowledge; but fear may
do what ream' cannot ; salutary punishment, if it
cannot force the unthinking to be less credulous,
may deter the audacious from at least pernicious at-
tempts to mislead. We still thir', and we see the
Jury thought so too, that much of the late inquiry
was irrelevant. We are not unaware of the talent,
and skill, anal experience of the Counsel for Mr.
Long: he knew much better than we could tell him,
that the points in issue were the wound
made by Mr. Long occasion Miss Cashin's death ?
Was that wound such an one as ought to have been
inflicted on a healthy subject to prevent a non-existing
disease? Ile knew better than we, that to establish
the negative of the first point, and the affirmative of
the second, he ought to have called eminent mem-
bers of the medical and surgical branches of the art
of healing. This he would no doubt have done
had be expected favourable answers, but in the
absence of such expectation, he did the next best
thing for his client, which, however, we are glad to
see did not divert the attention ,of the Jury from
the real merits of the case : he produced an inn-
posing array of respectable and amiable people of
the middle and higher ranks, but whose respecta-
bility qualified them to decide a medical or surgical
question, just us much as it would to discover the
longitude or the north-west passage. The Jury
have acted, as with few exceptions English Juries
always nets—they have discharged their duly ac-
cording to the principles of common sense and plain
integrity. Their verdict will be quoted as a striking
proof of the steady and rational resistance of con-
scientious men to the charms of eloquent declama-
tion, to the force of multiplied and skilfully arranged
counter-statements, nod the overbearing pretensions
of high rank and acknowledged fashion.—Times.
There is, evidently, great alarm excited by the
recent revolution in France among the despotic Go-
Veinments of the Continent. They have great cause
for it. They have governed more by terror than
affection. They have relied more upon 'unitary
force than on moral influence. They have resisted
improveMent, amid are conscious of having violated
the promises which they made to their subjects
when they required and obtained the energetic as-
sistance of their people to overthrow the gigantic
empire of Napoleon. Tln of Prussia has been
among the foiemost to upbraid the ill-fated Charles
X. with the violation of his oath, although he
thereby passes a sentence of severe condemnation on
himself. When the tide of conquest turned against
the modern Hannibal, after the disastrous Russian
campaigii, and the Kings who had been his vassals
confederated against their master in regal rebellion,
he induced his people to devote themselves enthu-
siastically to the liberation of the Crown and coun-
try from foreign thraldom by pledging his Royal
word to give them a constitutional system of Govern-
ment. But he amid his brethren found themselves
so secure by the destruction of Napoleon's power,
that it was not thought necessary to fulfil promise.,
in favour of their subjects which were given under
circumstances that bad ceased to exist. Their libe-
rality was the emanation of terror, and vanished
with the danger that had produced it. A greater
poWer than that of Napoleon is now abroad ; and
Kings, who considered themselves exempt from
moral and religious obligatione, will find it their in-
terest to adopt a sounder line of policy than that
which is founded on resistance to enlightened opi-
nion and on the violation of good faith. It is likely
the, King of Prussia will now recollect that the
people performed their part of the contract for which
the establishment of a constitutional system was to
be the consideration—unless be and his Ministers
should be actuated by that " fatal courage" which
M. de Martignac described as the inspiring prin-
ciple of the last subversive measures of Charles X.
The alarm of Austria is also very great. Her Italian
dependeticies are in a moat precarious condition,
arid she knows it. She already pours reinforce-
menu' into the Milanese and the Venetian territories
—she says such steps are necessary to preserve peace
and good order. She means they are requisite to up-
hold her iron despotism—that despotism which
crushes mind wherever its power is felt—that
despotism which has reduced the fair and fertile
provinces of Italy to a state of the most deplorable
wretchedness, and withers the energies of man on
that soil which bad been rendered glorious by
tteman intellect and virtue ! It it not, however,
military but moral reinforcements that her tottering
dominion requires. Amelioration of Government,
and improvements in political institutions, might
prolong an authority which an obstinate perseverance
in, the logic of force will lead rapidly to its fall.
Dominion which is not founded on justice has at all
times but a frail foundation. The age of mili-
tary Governments is passing away. Fifteen years
had the policy of Metternich been at work in
the devising of various contrivances to extinguish
mind, 'oppress opinion, and perpetuate the slavery
and degradation of Continental Europe. For
this purpose was that regal conspiracy against,
constitutional liberty, called the " Holy Alliance;
founded. How short a time has sufficed to make
that vain and presumptuous confederacy feel its
own feebleness, and tremble for its very existence
They who advise despotic Kings to make reason-
able concession 4 to their people, and to identify their
own power with the public improvement, are their
true friends ;—they advise them to adopt reform, in
order to prevent, sooner or later, the shock of revo-
lution. If, rejecting such salutary counsel, Prussia
should interfere to put down the spirit of revolt in
the Belgic provinces, and Austria should continue
to try the endurance of her Italian subjects by in-
creasing the severity of her military Government,
the example of the fate of Charles X. will have
been lost upon both those Powers, and history will
have to record, fur the instruction of after-times,
the melancholy consequences of their infatuation.—
Even Ferdinand of Spain, it is said, seems to be
aware that be cannot retain his throne without re-
storing to his subjects their ancient Cortes. So far
has Charles X. been a benefactor to' mankind
I---
Morning Herald.

COMMISSION OF LUNACY, Avu. 31.

(Continued from our Paper of yexterday.)

. , On Mr. ',hurls having retired, Mr. AUSTIN sub-
mitted that the witness, in his eross-examination,
bad contradicted. in many material points the evi-
dence of several of .the other witnesses ; his (Mr.
Austin's) object in obtaining the courtesy (for he
did not consider he had any right to demand the
witness's re-examinat ion) of the witness being recalled,
was for the purpose of shaking his credibility,
Thu Cittla, COMMOSIONEIL .thought Mr. Austin
had DO right .Whatever. to adopt such a course; if
there were any discrepancy between the evidence
given by the different witnesses, that was a question
simply for the consideration of the Jury. At all
events, he considered that Mr.l Brand had an un-
doubted right to cross-examine any witness who
might be recalled.
AtiTrtts said he had not the least objection
to Mr. Brand doing so.

The points not— being pressed by Mr. Brand,
however, _ _

Mrs. Harris was re-called and re-examined by the
Calf', COMMISSIONIM-411111 said on her former
examination that Air. Alderman Wood bud expressed
a wish that a keeper should be put in the house.
Mr. Alderman Wood made this proposition twice.
Believed Dr. Paris was present on both occasions;
did not think Mr. Page was present. Witness was
not present when the proposition was made in the
parlour. Returned the same answer in both instances.
Mr. Page appeared angry on the subject. Told Mr.
Alderman Wood that Mr. Brand drank about a
bottle of wine per diem; bad nut told him that he
never drank less than .two bottles and sometimes
three bottles a day. Witness declared most solemnly
that she Nut never on any occasion made a statement
en this effect to Mr. Alderman Wood. Mr. Alder-
elan Wood advised the razors to be put away;
wit-
ness removed them before he (Mr. Alderman Wood)
left the house. Did not think she told Mr. Alder-
