POLICE INTELLIG ENCE.

. Al.mthitowitrott•STurtl.--Several dress:makers the
%Veit End of the Town were fined in thit,:gatted pen:o44,m-
-terday for having French urticlei of venom: kinth in thili
hottites.

.
aum.rmAL—
L.'rwo lowans were ehrkrige d haying
atttsmptecl to tome an unfortunate young ;;it or tht town into
the epttern at the corm :v. of Willett's-hunt:ll4pi tlolhurn. iter
cries attracted the attention of the watchmen, anti the fellows
were taken into custody. They are to he prosecuted at, the
expme of the City, and, as it appeared that the girl had hen
reduced by disties to her present situation, had been in it only
four months, and as she oTressed'her -oirtett to tie res.,
cued 'from it, every eithrt will tt matte to ?wore her to her
friends.

11kyrrns-11aaDON..-:.A rather singular case ear'ne .be..
fore the Nlagistrates at this office yesterday. A re!4pcitrible
looking woman, who turned out to be a widow or good cha-
racter, residing in Whitschapel, was charged'by a publiean in
Bream's-buildings, Chancery-lane, with owing him 4s. fld, for
dinner, beer, spirits, &c. had by her in compahy with u ilea-
tlenian. The woman stated that she met with the gchtletrtan-
in the street, anti after much persuasion was induced by hitn
to go to this house to take some porter, as he said he had left,
it box there. The parlour being .full, they sat in the bar with
the landlord and his wife, who treated the gentlentan as art ai-
9ustincance, and he mentioned itendirig for his box in the 'even-
mg. After some time this ge:ntiernatt Weot.away unobserved,
and the widow not supposing ' that, she was to rio, tic
going off also, when the landlord had her ettippeth and tufa
into custody. 'The AlagiStrate told the publican, Out/ he bed
acted very unproperly, and that he h 44 noright. o tkrain'tiellet-
-43
of the parties, as, when the" articles of, food, ct. Siti,lo44 -lir
him were not paid for osi delivery, the stun due tee** 4 .4414.;
and be had no right to protect' in irk stimiri/f2n/. 58.
was subject to an action for lithe im_p,riptq°s%,,, 1 !.....1...r"f..14fe
rained the prisoner. who anise be ferbVln ail v
~,ib7 , 4p
li)tr;e3Bn..,tB't2gteV(l"ll"ltiddbaCC4if.ts,°:,f":ti:c.t.i'aittl vitt,jll3°oll:!:Cattlitlite.
box left by the genitrirtan was o weneet,
..nittl.,#, fil,l'aiik,l4attitlVl)
tan) a Bible and some other ho a, rorr,' 't,t , t, ~,v ocr T'
14
wiprt,a,,,,,,h,iai,:,,,,olisutttioul!,.tlue
ner7,44144.4
ings againgit the landlord.

iViysTrntovs Arr.tra.—A_lmtkt four oic.'lnv..L. ent
the morning of TootlaY Itot a Person OrPillYelapptariti)tattas
fauna dead, on the sea wall betwet'n Sneernesti snd
rough cin the siclewf the wall ncat.lhe wateei with twu wounds
on hit forehead : he was seen AO leave Queenborottgb for Shaer-
RAMS about. 10 o'clock the preceding etenitfitte, 11)14 lutte
sober.- The decctused was fitran4er S Tacos,, where he
bad been about a week, during which time e ;resided tit the
Ship Inn : he it a tall athletic man, appareatty mittile-aged.

PARLIAMENT,

HOUSE -OF LORDS, JULY 11.

- -
The Royal Assent, by commission, was given to the follow-
ing Bills :—The English Customs' Duties Bill, the Irish
Ossitmas' Duties Bill, the Malicious Injuries (Ireland) Bill,
•the East India Half--pay Bill, and the lAA Court of Exche-
quer Bill. The Commissioners were, the Lord Chancellor, the
,Earl of 'Shaftesbury, and Lord Colchester.
The following Bills were brought up from the liouse of
-Commons :—'llls Foreign Marriages Bill, with amendments,
,the New South Wales Jurisdiction Bill, the Scottish Place of
Worship . Regulation Bill, and the Bill for appointing Com-
'inissioners to inquire into the state of Courts of Justice in

CHURCHES IN IRELAND.
On the motion for reading this Bill a second timei
. The Marquis of. LANST)OWN objected; that in Ireland,
which was so mach burdened already, parishes should be put
to the.expence, of building churches which had, in point of fact,
no Protestant population.
The Bishop of DOWN said, the great distress in Ireland
grew, not nut of the tithe system, but out Of the system of ab-
.sentees. The clergy spent their incomes in the country.
After a few words front the Earl of LIVERPOOL, Earl
OnosvENniti Lora CLIFDEN, and Lord Itu,
rnsnar.E, the-
second teadingul the Bill was postponed until Monday.
LIMERICK CORPORATION BILL
The Earl of CLARE'moved that this Bill should be read a
second time.
The LORD CHANCELLOR had not been able to go
through . the evidence upon the Bin. He thought the mea-
-Isare contemPlated a very important and a very delicate one,
and wished that the Bill should he 'postponed to Alonday.
Lord lU'.DESDALE opposed the principle of the Bill. lle
Said that the House was called upon (and upon a private Bill,
-too) to take on itself wither a charter which had been granted
ity the Crown.
The Marquis of LANSDOWN objected to any postpone.
tent of the Bill ; and took It to be a measure most important
to the benefit of Ireland. The Bill, bad it come before an
Irish Parliament, would have been a Public Bill ; it was made
private One, only in compliande with the forms of the Eng-
lish Haim of Commons.
The Earl of WESTMORLAND was for postponing the
Bill, to dive time for considering the evidence.
Thelarl of LIVERPOOL would not Oppose the reading
of the Bill; hut wished rather to postpone it for the conve•
nience of the Noble Lord on the Woolsacit.
The Earl of SHAFTESBURY said that he bad not seen
the 'evidence.
The Earl of LIMERICK opposed the postponement.
The Bill was then postponed till Monday.

SCOTCH. JURIES BILL.
. The Earl of LAUDERDALE moved .the second reading o.
,this Bill.
• -Lord MELVILLE said he would give his decided opp.osi,
Lion to the Bill, on the ground that no practical evil had arisen
the present mode of striking Juries in the Courts of Scot.
land. lie therefore moved that it be read a-second time that
,day two months.
I'he Earl of ROSSIXN supported the Bill.
The Earl of ABERDEEN denied that there existed any
urgent necessity for this measure.
I'he Earl of LAUDERDALE replied ; and their Lordships
divided, when there appeared—
Contents
.Not-Content . .
Majority for the Amendment
The Bill was consequently lost.
Mr. llttoonEN and other. Members from the Commons
brought up the East India Mutiny Bill, and the Millbank Pe-
nitentiary Bill, which were several}, read a first time.
The lush Tithes Commutation Bill passed through a Com-
mittee, and was reported without amendment. •
1 bLEGA OATHS (IRELAND) LAN D) BILL.
The Li ouse next resolved itself into a Committee on the above
Bill.

9
20
- 11

The Duke of LEINSTER moved the insertion of a clause,
'the object of which was to exclude the Society of Freemasons in
'lreland from the operation of the Bill.
The Earl of LIVEKPOOL said, he felt it his duty to op-
pose the introduction of the clause. Ile thought that the opera-
tion of the bill ought to he universal. If an exception were al.
lowed in favour of any dues of his Majesty's subjects, however
resectable, it would afford other, societies ground of complaint.
Thu question on the adoption of the clause was then plat and
-.decided in the negative, and the bill was reported without
isrnenaltnent.—Adjourried to Monday.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
The SPEAKEIL attended in the Lords, and on his return read
the titles of the Bills that had received the Royal Assent by
• Gmun ismion.
31r. WI briERFORCE presented a petition from the Mi.
.nisters and Elders of the separate Church of Selkirk, for the
Abolition of Slavery.

NEW WRIT.
On the motion of Mr. W. lionTosr, a new writ was ordered
for Neweastie-under-Lyme, in the room of W. Khmersley,

E sq. deceased. e
On the motion of Mr. MummaTow, a return was ordered •
-of the names of all Members of the House .of Commons in the
first Parliament of Gm I. and (lea. IL holding offices.
Tht,pport of the Committee on the Sessional Addresses '
was ttCireglit up and agreed to.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved an
44drees to the Crown to confer some dignity in the Church on
• Oil Rev. Frederick Bayley, Chaplain of the House ; also that
the House, at its rising, do adjourn to Wednesday next--
Ordered.
LEATHER-TAX.
Mr. CALCRAFT gave notice, that early in the next Ses-
sien he would propose the repeal of the Dutynn Leather.
NEW SOUTH WALES.'
On the question that the New South Wales Jurisdiction Bill
be read a third time,
Mr. DENMAN asked whether it would not be possible to
introduce the Improvement he had hinted at the other night, of
making the return of the Jury rest with some known othcer,
the Sheriff; or Provost Marshal, rather than with the Clover-
noe of New South Wales ?
Wile W. HORTON answered, that in the present state of the
• Oniony, justice would be more fairly administered if the return
were made by the Governor.
l'hei Bill was read a third time and passed.
EAST INDIA MUTINY BILL.
Mr. W. 'WYNN mend the third reading of the East India
utiny BM.
Mr. R. SMITH, after One remarks, moved that the clause
he °mimed empowering the Governor of Bombay to issue war-
rants for summoning general Courts-martial.
W. WYNN supported the clause.
Mr. HUME thought that there should be time given to con-
sider the objection of his lion, and Learned Friend. •
Sir H. EAST and Mr. MONEY supported the clause.
14r. DF,'NMAN supported the amendment.
Lord PALMERSTON supported the dense. After which
• the House divided upon the amendment, when the numbers
'Acre--
For the clause, .40T Agairen it, I 3 I Majority, 27.
The Bill was then passed.
The Millieank Penitentiary Bill was read a third time and
paieesde after a few observations from Mr. Hobhouse,
Gordon, Sir C. Long, Mr. Gurney, and Mr. Lockhart.
The Foreign Marriage 11111 went through a Committee, was:
recut a third,tone, and •passil.
SLAVES AT 110 N. DURAS.
Mr. WILIIIIRFORCE rose for the purpose of submitting
a twiloo relative to the Slaves 'and Free 'lndians at Honduras.
Ile turd tuttilkrts from 4 repgyt by Colonel Arthur, Vela..
tivei to the treatment of the" Slaves. lie did' not mean • tai,
dvny that they received a sort of rough humanity from the
• hands of, their matitere; they were provided with food and
clothing, hut, owing to the pule regard *Web was paid to '
them In other respects, they were often exposed to great
cruelty. ',De Honourable Member mentioned an Instance
in winch is female Slave of a Dr. Bohun had been very
cruelly used, for which, when that person was tried, he had
been acquitted. 'The injustice which was practised towards the
' free Indians was still greater, because it wee contrary to all
law. The Indians of .the continent-of America could by no
, means become the property of any owners ; they Were free by
birth, and nothing could legally deprive them of this freedoni ;
but they were still held in slavery at Honduran. The Hen.
Gentleman concluded by moving-- That a Select Committee
be appointed to inquire into the condition of the slaves and
free Indiana In Honduras,. and to report their observations
thereon to the House."
Mr. W. SMITH stated his conviction, that if laetrile-
thens were sent out by Government to Honduras, it would
strengthen the bands of the authorities there, and enablethem
to put an end to the cruelties which were complained'of.
Mr.- W. HORTON suggested the propriety of withdrawing
the motion until the next session, as the subject was now under
consideration, and a measure would be introduced for the relief
of the slaves.
Pr, LUSHINGTON said, if his Majesty's Government
devised any measure in accordance with the wishes of his
lionourabie"Priend (Mr. Wilberforce), it would meet with the
*beat support from that House, and, he was convinced, from the
nation at large. •
. 14r. F. BUX`VON enforced most strongly the necessity of
',interfering In belialf of theee.nnfortunato creatures. To prove
. .
