s 4

~~~~--.

EAST INDIA RUNE, .TAlmAnv 26, 1881.
THE. COURT of, DIRECTORS of the
UNITED COMPANY of MERCHANTS of
ENGLAND, TRADING to the EAST INDIES, do
hereby give notice,
That a GENERAL COURT of the said COMPANY
will be held at their House in Leadenhall-street, on WED-
NESDAY, the ISth April next, from Nine o'clock in the
Morning until Six in the Evening., for the ELECTION
of SIX DIRECTORS of the said Company for Four
Years.

PETER AUBER, Secretary.

TO THE FREEHOLDERS OF THE COUNTY OF
SUSSEX.

GENTLEMEN,
N consequence of the lamented Death of
-11- your late excellent Member Mr. BURRELL, lam
induced to offer myself as a Candidate for the honour of
succeeding him, and I do so with feelings of no ordinary
confidence, arising from the numerous and fl:ttering as-
surances of active support which I receive from all parts
of the County.

Having .for many years had a seat in Parliament, my
public conduct and principles cannot be altogether un-
known 10 you. Still, however, I feel that you have a right
to expect an explicit avowal of the grounds upon which I
rest my pretensions to your favour.
I shall not indulge in extravagant professions, but of
this you may 'rest aaured—that I shall always be found a
steady and determined advocate fur every poSsible Retrench-
ment in the Public Expenditure, and an uncompromising
enemy of abuses of whatever hind, and proceeding from
whatever quarter.
I am a sincere friend to the agriculturist, but at the same
time I shall always bear in mind what is due to other
great interests.

I abhor slavery, and shall be ever ready to lend my
best assistance towards ameliorating the condition of the
unfortunate Negro.
Although I have very lately expressed before many of
you my sentiments on the plan of Reform which the
Alinisters of the CraWn have submitted to Parliament, I
am nevertheless sensible that on an occasion like the pre-
sent I ought not to pass over silently so important a topic.
No one can approve of that great measure more than I do.
It has already received, and will continue to receive,
my most zealous support. I consider it a measure of
conservation, and I am satisfied that, should it happily
become a law, it will raise the character :if the Hou'e of
Commons—promote harmony and good will among the
different orders of the State—and give stab:lity to the
Throne itself.

I shall only add that, should I by your kindness be
honoured with the high trust to which I aspire, you shall
not find me deficient in zeal—however humble my abili-
ties—either in discharging the general duties itf a Member
of Parliament, or in promoting the particular interests of
the County.

I have the honour to be, Gentlemen,
With every sentiment of respect,
Your very faithful and obedient servant,
JOHN GEORGE LENNOX
Albion Hotel, Brighton, April 9, 1831.

NEW NOVEL BY THE AUTHOR OF " MAR-
RIAGE" AND "TILE INHERITANCE."
This (lay was published, in 3 vols. small Bvo. 11. I Is. 611.
DESTINY; or, The Chief's Daughter.
• A Tale.
By the Author of "Marriage," and "The Inheritance."
" What's in a name ?"-.SIIAKSPEARE.
Printed fur Robert Cadell, Edinburgh; and Whittaker
and Co., Linden.

Who have just published,
FRAGMENTS of VOYAGES and TRAVELS
including Anecdotes of a Naval Life, chiefly for the use
of Young Persons. By Captain BASIL HALL, R.N.
F.R.S. 3 small vols. I. boards.

SIR JOHN WALSII'S NEW PAMPHLET.
This illy were puldi.bed, Second Edition, price 2s. 6,1.
OBSERVATIONS on the MINISTE,
RIAL PLAN of REFORM.

Sir JOHN WALSH, Bart. M.P.

CoNTENTs.—lntroduction Remarks on Arguments in
support of the Bill—Defects of the Census of 1821, as a
Basis of the Plan of Reform—Views and Position of the
Ministry—Will the proposed Plan of Reform satisfy the
People?—Will the proposed Plan of Reform secure the
remaining Institutions of the Country ?—lreland—The
state of Europe—Conclusion. - •
Also, by the same Author,
1. POPULAR OPINIONS on REFORM CONSI-
DERED. Fifth Edition, with Additions and a Postscript
to the Ballot. 34.

" Sir John Walsh has produced a mild, temperate, well-
weighed-disquisition, which will outlive the bustle of its
eccasion."—Quarterly Review, No. 88.
2. SIR JOHN WALSH, Bart. M.P. on POOR
LAWS for IRELAND. Third Edition, 31.
James Ridgway, 169, Piccadilly ; and of every Bookseller.

This day was published, with Five Engravings, Quarto,
India Paper, prooli, IL ss. Royal Octavo, 12s. 6d.
UNDER THE IMMEDIATE PATRONAGE AND

SANCTION OF HIS MAJESTY,
Part I. of
THE GALLERY OF GREENWICH
HOSPITAL, comprising PORTRAITS of cele,
orated Naval Commanders, and VIEWS of their most
Memorable Actions, engraved from Pietur:,s in the Gal-
lery at Greenwich Hospital, and illustrated wi,h BIO-
GRAPHICAL and HISTORICAL MEMOIRS.
By EDWARD HAWKE LOCKER, Esq., F. R. S.,F. S.A.
One of the Commissioners of the Institution.
" The present publication, while it records the achieve-
ments of that gallant profession, of which. our beloved
Monarch is an illustrious ornament, will make the bumble
middy pant for opportunities to emulate Nelson and Tra-
falgar."—Literary Gazette. '
SPECINIENS of the WORK may be inspected at every
Bookseller's in the Kingdom, and a Prospectus obtained
gratis.

Published by Hardin; and Levird, Pall Mall East,
London ; to whom the Names of Subscribers are to be ad-
dresed. •
RICK CLOTHS.
DENJAMIN EDGINGTON respectfully
-11-. informs the NOBILITY and AGRICULTURISTS
in general, he has a few remaining SECOND HAND
CLOTHS to Sell, EQUAL TO NEW, having been used
only a few days at a late Fete. Early application is recom-
mended. •
Likewise NEW RICK CLOTHS of superior quality,
MARQUEES, TENTS, and improved DRESSED
CLOTHS, NETTING and BUNTING for Fruit Trees,
tcc.—Orders per post duly attended to.
Observe.—The Christian name is BENJAMIN, and
the No. 5, on the Water-side of the Street.—BENJAMIN
EDGINGTON has no other place of business except his
stand on the LONDON CORN EXCHANGE.

CABINET MAKERS' SOCIETY,
71, LE i.DENHALL.STREET.
WM. THURNELL solicits the Nobility,
Gentry, and Public, to inspect the largest and
beat selected Stock of CABINET and UPHOLSTERY
GOODS in England, warranted of the best Materials of
the Society's workmanship, (suitable for all purposes, from
the cottage to the mansion,) enrolled agreeably to Act of
Parliament, and is founded for the support of industrious
Mechanics, who all combine to produce only the very best
articles at the lowest possible prices. The Funds of the
Society provide for its members in sickness and old age,
hiarial, and for survivors at death. The Society beg to
return sincere thanks to their numerous Patrons, includ-
ing Royalty, Nobility, and many of the first Families in
the Kingdom, kr the extensive and generous patronage
bestowed en them during the last fourteen years, and hope
by their humble endeavours to merit future favours; at
the same time earnestly solicit a trial, as the only cri-
terion by which the merits and decided advantages of this
Establishment can be fairly estimated. Every article is
marked at the lowest ready money price, and from which
no abatements are made, they aro all warranted, and if a
fault appears exchange within twelve months, free from
uharee. A painted list of articles and prices will be for-
warded by letter, post-paid only.
By Order of the Trustees,
71 Leadenhall-street. THOS. HASLER, Secretary.

113UfCGEWs-----/Ew SAUCE or general
purposes having given such great approbation, and
the demand for it continuing to inereas., JOHN BUR-
GESS and SON beg most respectfully to offer this their
best acknowledgment to the public for their liberal patronage
of the same; its utility and great convenience in all climates
has recommended it to the most distinguished foreign con-
nections, who have all spoken highly in its recommonda-
tion.—lt is prepared by them Only ; and for preventing
disappointment to Families, all possible care has been re-
sorted to by each bottle being sealed upon the cork with
their firm and address, as well as each Libel having their
signature, without which it cannot be genuine.
JOHN BULIGESS and SON'S long established and
Much-esteemed ESSENCE of ANCHOVIES, continues
to be prepared by them alter-the same manner that has
giVen the greatest satisfaction for many years.
Warehouse, 107, Strand, corner of the Savoy steps,
Lo: don. The original Fish•sauce Warehouse,

THE PR ENT I E R.—' So able, aid we may add,
.0 extraordinary a work, as the one bearing this title,
seldom comes under our notice in this novel-writing age.
That it is the production of a high, as well as of an able
hand, is manifest. The author has touched his portraits
with the pencil of a mater ; and lac deepened the
shades and broadened the likenesses with a boldness and
skill which enable the reader to decide at once the in-
dividuality of every sketch. The pages of The
Premier' may be designated a literary picture gallery ;
cast your eye where you will, and it fails on some
familiar face.' What politician could mistake the
masterly delineation of LivF.apoot, WELLINGTON, CAN-
NING, PEEL, BROUGHAM, HLME, or many others, in
these highly-wrought volumes ?" United Kingdom.

RIPON.—The LORD CHANCELLOR, after
leaving. York on Thursday, proceeded through this place
on his way to Studley-park, on a visit to Afro. Lawnr:NcE.

his Lordship was letiriily greeted as he entered the mar-
ket-place by the assembled people, all anxious to catch a
glimpse of }din with whose name and character all have
latterly become so familiar. The Vice-Chanedlor (Sir
LAUNCELOT SHADWELL), together, with Sir THOMAS
DExmfor and Sir WILLIAM HORNE, are also at Studley ;
likewise the two Members fir this borough, who are
Chancery barristers ; so that there is, indeed, a constel-
lation of the luminaries of the Jaw sojourning in this
neighbourhood. It will be remembered that the Members
fur the borough voted for the Reform Bill. A brief, but
highly complimentary address to the LORD CHANCELLOR
has been framed, and has received the signatures of nearly
the whole of the corporation, and of a great number of
the most respectable inhabitants. The address was drawn
up by a spirited individual, and handed atm* for signa-
ture.—Leeds Mercury.

The sum to be laid out this quarter for the
Sinking Fund, as announced in the Gazette, is 722,415/.
but it is understood that the whole of this sum is not to be
applied to the purchase of stock in the usual manner in the
open market. Some pot tion of it will go to the diminu-
tion of the Government debt to the Bank, by withdrawing
Exchequer bills lodged there,—a mod.. of application which
is sanctioned‘by the last act of Parliament fur regulating
the redemption of the national debt. The same took place
we believe, in the latter end of the last quarter, and a re-
ference to dates will show that the Ministry lost no time,
after entering into office, in commencing, so far as circum-
stances permitted, the reduction of a debt which imposes
so awkward a responsibility on the Government, when
at,out to take into consideration the renewal of the Bank
charter.. Untortunately, with so small a sinking fund, the
regress made is necessarily very slow, but the principle
is good, and the reducing it to practice so far will obtain
for them the approbation of the monied interest. It is
estimated that about 200,000/. in each quarter has been
applied to such redemption of the Exchequer bills.
The private letters received yesterday by the
Hamburg steam-boat front various parts of Poland, Russia,
and Prussia, fully bear out the successes of the Poles. The
progress of the revolution in Lithuania would appear to
be even more rapid than is to beinferred from the accounts
in the German papers. A letter from Memel of the
Ist instant states the overthrow of the Russian authority at
\Vilna to be complete. The first impulse to the popular
movement was given by the priests, who carried their en-
thusiasm to the extent of exhorting from the pulpittla
people to rise against their oppressors. Nearly all
persons
in Lithuania holding authority under the Eatreaon had
been displaced, and scarcely any troops existed to offer
opposition, as the greater part had been drafted off for the
invasion of •Warsaw. About two hundred Russian troops
had arrived in Memel as fugitive-, in a most destitute con.
dition. The insurgent, were directing their march in con-
siderable force towards Polangen, where a depot of aroma
and of valuable property existed. Some letters say that
symptoms of disaffection have been manifested in Finland
also, and t'..at the fidelity of the troops stationed in that
province was doubted. In addition to the accounts in the
Polish Gazette, the private information front Hamburg
states that the battle of the 31st was renewed on the
Ist instant, and terminated in a brilliant victory, the
Russians having lost twelve thousand prisoners, twenty--
three pieces of artillery, five stand of colours,
mursa,ammullitio
nearly
the whole of their arms, bigg:.ge, and
Among the prisoners is sai'tlott()
igseemsbne
a left fo
Russian
Generaleraland
his four aides-de-camp. Nh
Dienrrson, according to the Hamburg accounts, but a
speedy retreat, and that under circumstances so difficult as
to call into action all the known energy and • resources of
his character. It is impossible to describe the delight
which these glorious efforts of the brave Poles have catolai
qn the Exchange of London. They are the theme of 'uni-
versal admiration.
