PORTER.

A Comparative Statement of the Porter brewed by the
following Houses, in the years ending sth July, 1827,
anti stll July, 1828.

1927.
Barrels.
311,330
203,532
191,328
114,476
125,534
100,339
95,159
61,688
64,0(13
52,204

1829.
Barrels.
305,937
205,655
180,843
170,432
114;795
90,088
90,239
65,050
68,381
50,239

Barclay, Perkins, and Co.
Truman, Hanbury, Buxton, and C 0...
Whitbread and Co.
Reid and Co.
Combe, Delafield, and Co
Calvert and Co.

-Henry Meux and Co.
Taylor and Co
Hoare and Co

Elliott and Co.

ALE.

A Statement of the Quantity of Ale brewed in London,
by the Six principal Houses, from the sth of July,
1827, to the sth July, 1828.
Bang's.
Goding and Broadwood 30,104
Charrington and Co.
Goding, Thomas 18,280
Wyatt and Co. . 18,035
Ball and Co. 15,343
Hale and Co. • 7,805

MR. WILBERFORCE.--ItiS much to be re-
gretted that the friends of this distinguished individual in
this city, will not have a public opportunity of expressing
their admiration of his talents and virtues. In aletter to
the Secretary of the Society for the mitigation and ulti-
mate, abolition of '.Negro Slavery,, dated the sth instant,
Mr. WILBERIVRCE says—" 1 am much honoured by the
kindness which has prompted the wish of the Society to
receive we to a public dinner; but when my health de-
dined so much about three years ago, I was under the ne-
cessity of making it a rule to decline all public dinners ;
and though, I thank God, my health is much restored, I
could not,..epjoy the pleaspre of meeting my Edinburgh
friends in that way. without giving just offence to those
whoseiki4dinvitoions of a similar sort, even in my own
native town, I have been tinder the necessity of declining."
—Caledonian Mercury.

ANOTHER FIRE'IN RED LION-STREET,
HoimaN.—About twelve o'clock last night, a fire broke
in the back part of the house of Mr. Lovzcr, plumber
and glacier, in Red Lion-street, near Red Lion passage,
Holborn, which burnt with great fury, and, from the part
of the premises where it first appeared, threatened the safety
of the valuable houses in the rear towards Red Lion-square.
The speedy arrival of the engines, with the active exer-
tions of the firemen and a great number of individcals, who
were timely on the spot, confined the devouring element to
the house where it broke out, but which is now completely
gutted.

SERIOUS ACCIDENT.—On the afternoon of
Saturday' sennight? a man -of the name of STEPHEN
BERTRAM, nn old sailor, met with an accident 'which has.
put his life in great danger. A cow-feeder left his horse
standing under the Regent Bridge, for a considerable time,
while he was drinking in a neighbouring tippling house.
When be came out it was necessary to "turn ttnind his
horse, hut instead of taking the common and humane way
of gently round, he struck him a violent
blow e the head with the shaft of the whip.
earoi n gnt
sai gently
Maddened by the effects of the pain, the horse gallopped off at
a furious 'rate. A number of children were amusing them-
selves at the time, at the foot of Leith Wynd, and observing
the imminent peril to which they were exposed, the gallant
tar, in order to save their lives, hazarded his own. As
the horse passed he made a grasp at the bridle ; but frona
his furious pace, he missed his aim, was struck in the
back under the left shoulder, and knocked down by one of
the trams, and one of the wheels passing ever his body,
broke three or four of his ribs, and he was otherwiie so
bruised and injured that his recovery is still problematical.
--BERTRAM entered the Navy in 1795, and fought in the
ship next to the intrepid NELSON, at the memorable battle
of Trafalgar. It is pleasing to be able' to add, that a-hu-
mane surgeon is attending him gratis, and that a spirited
writer to the signet has commenced legal proceedings, in
order to procure for the poor sailor such damages as the
Judges of the law are pleased to award.—Edinburgh
Courant.

On Thursday a Meeting of the SharehOlders of
this Insurance Office was held at their house, in
Regent-street,
- Earl FERRERS in the Chair. • •
- The Noble CflatomaN•said, •that he was desirous
of calling the -attention of the Meeting to what had
taken.place in the Court of King's• Bench, relative
to. Mn Barber Beaumont, who would himself address
them on the subject.
Mr. BARBER BEAUMONT then spoke nearly as` fol-
lows :—The accusations raised against the County
Fire Office, in May 1825, by Mr. Godfrey Sykes,
• with the assistance of Mr. (now Lord) Wallace, have
engaged so much of your attention and that of the
public, that it will be unnecessary for me to trespass
on your time by detailing them anew. I must,
`however, recall to your recollection the meeting
was, held here in December,. , At that
ibeetfrig, is at present; all persons interested in the
011 ice were invited, the insured as well as share-
holders. We then explained to you the unavailing
efforts we had made to obtain legal redress, we ex-
hibited before you affidavits from accountants ofskill
and character, proving the falsehood of the charges
published against us, and after a full discussion, Re-
solutions were came to, vindicatory of the conduct •
of the Direttors of the County Fire Office. In con-
formity with these Resolutions, a petition was frani-
ed, and was signed by 1,598 shareholders and per-
sons insured in the Office, and in due course was
presented by the Member for this city, Mr. Hob-
house, who took extraordinary pains with our case.
He was powerfully supported by Sir F. Burdett,
Mr. Hume, Mr. Curwen, Sir Robert 'Wilson, and
Colonel. Sibthorpe—the latter of whom, from the
same bench with Mr. 'Wallace, emphatically pro-
nounced the proceeding" to be en act of moral assas-
sination." A strong impression was made upon the
HouSe; Mr. Wallace seemed to feel it, and it was
expected be would say something in apology for his
conduct ; but instead of that, he re-asserted some of
the worst imputations, and pledged himself for their
,•truth. Mr. Wallace had endeavoured to make it
appear that the presenting the petition was a con-
trivance to bespeak a favourable impression on a trial
for the alleged frauds, which it was pretended was
then in process against us. Mr. Wallace also said,'
that his Commission of Inquiry was to be forthwith
closed. These considerations induced our friends
not to press for a Committee en our •petition ; but
neither of the statements was correct. There was
no prosecution pending or in progress, and Mr. Viral
lace's inqUisition was not on the eve of dissoltition,
for it 'is still kept on,. and yields its profits to this
day. After presenting our petition, we continued to
investigate our books, and traced all the different
items• in the defaulter's accounts during the eighteen
years, which Mr. Wallace, in the House of Com-
mons, pledged himself were every one of them a
fraud, but we found that -they were generally right
mid proper; that there were a few errors, as might
be expected, but that the balance of those errors was-
to the loss of the County Fire Office,- anti to the
gain of the Stamp Office, and; therefore, could not
nave been made to defraud the Stamp Office. The
details of these olio:4s_, of our • own discovering, we
• sent to the LordsOf tke Treasury, and stated to them.
the injury that was done to the Office by the threat
of _lteio
.prosecuted, for fraud, and the injustice of
continuing to hold that threat over without giv-
ing it effect; and we called upon the Government
either to prosecute us as threatened, or to acknow-
ledge they kad-no groundfor it. • We also sent to the
Lords of the Treasury affidavits proving the false
evidence- of Mr. Sykes's informer, • and we called
upon their Lordships either to prosecute a man who
had so acted, or to place us.in a condition to prose-
cute him. This appeal Was opposed by a repre-
sentation, from the Commissioners of Revenue In-
quiry, requiring the Government to defend- the man,
instead of prosecuting him ; for if he were punished,
they could not get informers to come forward. To
our latter applications we had got no answer; we
had, for two years, suffered under the calumnies and
threats of Messrs. Sykes and Wallace : and all legal,
Parliamentary and Treasury redress seemed hopeless,
when I wrote that private letter to Mr. Wallace,
which, has been made by him a subject of an ax-
officio information. I shall defer my observations on
that letter, to pursue the order of my narrative
Immediately after its being sent, we received letters
from the. Treasury, notifying- that they had empower
ed the Commissioners of Revenue Inquiry to furnish
us -with the means of indicting the informer for per-
jury, and had also given directions for the Commis-
sioners of Stamps' to prosecute us, as we desired,
without further delay, or to abandon their threat of
doing so. Not a moment waa now lost in claiming
the form of oath which we had been Waiting for, to
complete the. indictment against the informer, when,
lo! - the Commissioners, who had been- excusing
themselves from giving it, for nearly a year, at length
confessed that there was no
-such thing in existence
—they had not sworn him at all. Myself and the
honest clerks had been strictly examined upon oath,
but thC-base informer, who had been, encouraged to
malign us, was kept free from that responsibility.
Sir James Scarlett, in his speech, in aggravation of
punishment, at the last hour, and when there was no
opening for reply; asserted, in excuse for this seem,
ing act of injustice,, that the Com Missioners had
doubts whether they were empowered to examine
upon oath, persona who were not in some way em-
ployed in the Revenue—that I might be considered
to be so concerned, and was accordingly sworn, but
that the discharged' clerk was not so employed, and
was therefore not sworn. But what comes of
this distinction, when we see that the accusatory
evidence of the other informer, Mr. Godfrey Sykes,
although he is a regular Revenue Officer, was also
taken free from the responsibility of an oath; The
real distinction is,. that persons brought forward with
matter of accusation of any kind ,were to be allowed
free vent to all, the calumnies they might be disposed
to utters might be encouraged to say, free from
all
legal r
e andponsibility but that those who were ac-
cused, if called on to say any thing for their defence,
were to be subject to the penalties of perjury; thus
trs
reversing all roles of evidence. • This was bad
enough; but it is only one trait of the vices of this
Court of Inquisition. Here we have had Mr. Wal-
lace and three or four other Commissioners, em-
powered to seize the persons and papers of honour-
able and unoffending men, to publish fictitious
charges against them, and calumniate and threaten
them with prosecutions, and harass and disgrace
them, free from all legal restraint and responsibility.
The mode of getting up the evidence for the public
eye, under this Commission, is abominable. In-
formers are led on to say what is wanted, without
being sworn, 'rad details are minuted in due form, to
make
prima
,facie case. All this is done
in a
the accused is then hithself subjected
to- examination upon oath, some hints of accusa-
tion are threvrn out to him, • and his explana-
tion is required. But he is kept in the dark as to the
specific facts alleged, and the names of Iris accusers.
His explanations,"therefore, do not meet the specific
facts alleged, they wander to other points and arc
no defence, although if .be were allowed to knoW
the specific -facts he might confute them in an
instant. But these two sets of examinations—those
of the irresponsible informers, and those of thehood-
winked, but sworn defendant--are published in the
guise of evidence for the accusation, and for the de-
fence; and the Commissioners make such remarks

. „
on the insufficiency of the defence as they,. in their
candour and justice, think fit. All this seems ac-
cording to judicial course to the cursory reader, but
a more shameless mockery of the forms of justice it
is impossible to conceive. The first hint a man may
thus receive, who his accuser is, and what the accu-
sation is, he probably gets from a published Report
in the newspapers, in which he finds limself already
morally tried, cast, and condemned. Now for car-
rying on this unconstitutional commission for four
or five years, Mr. Wallace and his colleagues, I am
told, have received nearly 60,0001.
,of the public
money; with what purity, impartiality, and public
objects he has carried it on, remains to be seen.—
Some .Fire Offices had evaded the payment of duty
to a large amomit—spme Lad become insolvent, and
unable to pay—all, except the County Fire Office,
had got into a way of deferring the payment of duty
beyond the period limited by law, but not a breath
of censure is passed on any one, of these. The
County Fire Office alono—an establishment infefior
in the tank and opulence of its members to none in
the kingdom—an Association of 50,900 persons of
property, comprising a fifteenth part of the persons;
of property in the kingdom—who had done more to
comply with the law, and in favour of the revenue,
than any other Fire Office—who had never been a
shilling in arrear, are reviled and treated as though
they were a nest of .swindlers; and their, paying
promptly, according to law, is sneered at in the
Report, as done to look well with the public ! What
public service could be promoted by this • conduct ?
By causing us to adopt the deferred mode
.of pay-,
ment of duty, there was an immediate loss of 500/.
a year to the Crown in the value of interest, and a say-
ing of that sum has accrued to the County Fire Office.
Had our modeofpayingnot been requited with a sneer,
and the other Offices had been ordered to: pay as
promptly as we did, and as the law requires, there
would have been an improvement in the Revenue
to the extent of 6 or 7,000/, a year in the. value of
interest. Again, what public service or. moral good
could be furthered by attacking the County Fire
Office with such an unprecedented tirade of abuse
and false and irrational accusations ? I can imagine
none; but certain private reasons for the employ-
ment of this privileged artillery are conceivable
enough. A pretence was thus raised for getting
rid of Mr. Sedgwick, for which objects attempts had
been made for three years before in vain. A fine
opportunity of slandering down and threatening
down the County Fire Office, under the protection
of privilege, was then gained by the Stamp Office
people, the enemies of Mr. Sedgwick, who were
enriching themselves out of the squandered funds of
the Beacon Bubble. Then the opening it gave for
showing off the activity and utility of the Commis-
sioners, of which some M.P.'s had doubts. In an
essay on Criminal Jurisprudence, which I wrote
some years since, I took occasion to advise caution in
receiving the accusations,of public informers," These
people," I said, " must find out crimes, or •their oc-
cupation is gone ; if crimes are not ready-made
to their hands, they must invite people to commit
them, or falsely accuse them of • having committed
. them." Now, Mr. Godfrey 'Sykes and Mr. Wal-•
lace are public informers ; they have more comely
Official designations, it is true; but " that which we
call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet,"
and that which we call an informer must, under any
other name, smell as •rank. Informers they are to
all intents and purposes. One celebrated performer
of this tribe, Mr. Oliver, adopted the
\line of inciting
men to commit crimes, and he was rewarded-with a
good place at the Cape of Good Hope, Mr. Wallace
has not been idle in the false accusation line, and he
has got a large slice of the 60,000/. information
money, and a peerage. Mr. Godfrey Sykes has
already done pretty well, I am told, and as he has
lately set up for a saint, and distributes religious
tracts as well as false informations, be is likely to
advance in faVour and in worldly gain. I must now
tell you what has been done by the Stamp-office, in
consequence of directions from the Treasury at our
request, either to prosecute us without more delay,
or publicly to withdraw their threat. Instead of
doing either, in the month of July last year we had
notice from Mr. Godfrey Sykes that a third investi-
gation of our.books would be entered upon, and this
was forthwith done. Three .accountants from the

Stamp•office took up their quarters in this house;
they ransacked our books and accounts from the be-
ginning of the office—a period of twenty years—and
worked most diligently for six weeks, extracting
every thing which, under the assistance of our dis-
charged clerks, might be moulded into matter of sus-
picion, if not of accusation. Now this was equal to
a confession that up to that time they had no case
to support their imputations, and that the assertions
about a prosecution being begun and in progress
were all as false as the imputations themselves. But
it showed also a determination to make out an error
against vs ef
,some kind or other, if it were possible,
and, as according to Lord Wallace's declaration of
sentiment, " the great object is to throw dust into
the eyes of the persons on whom an appointment
depends;" it might be expected, that if a conviction
could be got on any one thing, however trifling, it
might he made appear to prove the truth of their

accusations, although a totally different thing, and in
that way throw dust in the eyes of the House, and
of the public. " The oppressiveness of this third
experiment on the County Fire Office, to fish out
matter for accusation, after the failure of two former
attempts, was most galling. Our clerks were pushed
from their stools to make room for the three inquisi-
tors, our old books were taken from their shelves,
and the floor of the office, and the desks, were co,
vered with them ; our business was impeded—the
orderly and respectable appearance of the office was
changed—the County Fire Office looked like a bank-
rupt merchant establishment with strange men seis-
ing the books, and taking inventories of the stock.
Our friends, were alarmed. " What, are the Stamp-
Office at you again ? Who are these strangers
Sheriff's Offieers, Is this an ENelipqner proceed-
ing ?" were the sort of inquiries we were doomed to
hear, and answer. I must nowconfess an act of weak-
ness—the irritation I felt at this new insult and out-
rage, and which 1 dared not resent, struck me with a
severe and dangerous illness, and so affected my nerves,
that they have not yet recovered their tone and
I believe never will. This third attack failed
more completely than the manor, for hue the evi-
dence was from figures. Those witnesses could not
ywfasrommafahee
be made to lie. Deprived of false witnesses, our
persecutors could not advance one step, and one 1
the Accountants, on winding up his labotr4 Ir.
leaving the office, shook his head and *aidt.
has been a sorry buiness, indeed, you
ersecutor
nfarThnio°
more of it." But these gentlemen were
acquainted with the pugnacity t_l
Qf ',C)t- eg'Voll or three
principal. After a breathing tune
cfinp:slriu:thi,veecicuileengtiotel-Idi
constant
Exchequer, In this the /
e ee
esdixin lgv months'
sp.r erse
r»cied but 1
we were
haPdo.u3l d Since
the
was at length formally disc 01
questions
monorul tst: s
i,
ni in
the November
shape of last
a a
Bill fourth bo_uf:tisico attack
vDiscovery
on 1170
re-
quired to answer
labour, to the eternal shame of our
me up for judgment may be Considered
the affidavits
ptloteliictieosu.r pTerisliesci:vtoers have been silent, unless their
give us more trouble we are not unprepared for
them. The interference of Parliament may not be
solicited in vain; but if it be, I shall be prepared
to submit to you a plan of emancipation which
will at once relieve us from the toil and slavery of
being collectors on compulsion for the Crown;
part(h bringingela nd
parcel extracts
f from
tlei di
elaborate
pf

' )
i e: Z
Ps
from 211 ft;rtgietitiit Witle*Vl Mr. Godfrey Sykes' fa-
bricated accusations, and from the horrors of the
Irish Inquisition..' • I have considered the matter well,
and I have no doubt that policies may be issued
from the opposite coast of the Continent, contain-
ing so solid and as :satisfactory an indemnity for
property in this, country, as policies issued here.
Such policies issued from abroad: would be free
from the English duty of three shillings per 1001.
insured. By suck means the benefit of insurance
might .he 'enjoyed by the inhabitants of Great Britain
at a half or a third of the cost they are now put to
for premium and duty. The duty being on' first
class risks double the price of the premium, It is
the nature of tyranny and oppression to drive trade
away, and it is_ not at all unlikely that the oppres-
siveness of the English tax on Insurance, and the
injustice of Messrs. Sykes and. Wallace, may drive
the business of Fire Insurance from England alto-
gether. A word Now on my letter to Mr. Wallace.
That latter, and the cause of it, have been hilly
before the public, who will form their own opinion
on it.. But no .one can judge adequately upon that
letter sinless he have read the Report and Evidenee,
and 'consichired the scandalousness of both. It nniSt
be borne in mind that the letter was not written
request—ofevery entire disproof of the calumnies
—of l
m
means of expostulation—of de-
ferential
to procure legal redress—of Parlia-
mentary been' tried and opposed by
puferniniteviit ar
eajagatfiette.e Mr.peal—htid
(now Lord) Wallace had most un—
justly caltunniated -the office and me—he had done
this deliberately, , and , after Warning against, add
disproofs of
.the, slanders, he persisted in publish-
ing. All ofNinl, appeals proving a mere waste a
exertion, I appealed to his feelings as a man-1
tried to touch his conscience, and rouse him to do
an act of justice. .1 described his acts in severe
terms of reproach, it is true, because in no other
would they bear deSciiption; but I did not call
him out—l did not visit hitn with that manual
retribution which his conduct richly deserved--L,
I did not post his name with the three distinc-
tive epithets which characterize persons who
have acted as lie has done, because I knew he was
a man 'placed above the laws—that,. "•he lived a
charmed life." Guarded, however as I thought the
letter was, and subdued as I thought my expression
of detestation of Mr. Wallace's conduct was, a Jury
has said it was written to incite Mr. 'Wallace to a
breach of the peace, although under strong feelingF,
of irritation; and to that qualified verdict I must
subMit. It is right, however, that you should know
that no judgmeht would have been recorded,. nor
would any trial have taken place, if I would hare
submitted to retract, and to say a word ist favour of
Lord Wallace's character. At the commencement
of the trial an offer was,inade to me to withdraw•it

if I would say I regretted having written the letter,
and acquitted Lord Wallace of bad motives. I
would not. ' In last Hilary Term I was called tip
for judgment; the same offer was repeated to me, lo
a modified form; I could not conscientiously do to,
and I refused. The notice for calling me ,up was
then withdrawn. In Trinity Term 1 had a fresh.
notice; a day was fixed, and again postponed.. I
was a third time ordered up, and the submission was
again asked of me, but I preferred encountering the
full measure of Lord Wallace's official influence and
vengeance to retracting our complaints, in order to
save my purse or person. Thus, after having failed
in all his accusations and threats. against the County
Fire Office, and egainst me, lie has, however, su.c_
ceeded in getting me fined 500/. for asking him to do
an act of justice, and refusing to say a word to his
credit. • He is welcome to all the glory with which ,
be has covered himself by this exploit. To his share
of the 60,000/. information money, and to his Peerage,
he is also welcome ; but his breast must ever remain
a stranger-to those consolations which have sustained.
me under his persecutions; and will- sustain me,
although he may suffer under the frowns of, honour-
-able men and the stings of the silent monitor, I
have little to add; we have left no means, unem-
ployed to bring our accusers to the proof; but in
vain. But in our endeavour§ to bring the_ conspirtt,-
tors treirtice;:we- have not ileokateeessftt.l, for thi's
plain reason—the accusers are placed above O,
reach of the law. No men ought to be above the
reach of the law. Men in power ought to be within
its reach, as well as simple citizens. Does the pos-
session of power purge men's minds of bums',
frailties ? Do we find the love of truth and justice ts.,
increase in the breasts of men exercising power, that
we may safely 'trust our property and character to the,
disposal of their uncontrolled wills ? No men ought,
to be exempt from the salutary controul of the laws,
I repeat; and least of all, that tribe of men who are
employed as public informers. All Jurisconsults are
agreed that great caution ought to be used with this
tribe. Not one word should we have heard of Mr.
Sykes's 'pretended hearsays, and pretended sus,
lere one his inn
picions, and false charges, had not ho been let loose
from the controul of the law. Mr. Sykes would not
haVe dared to breathe a syllable. of his foul slandors,
but for the impunity with which Mr. Wallace's eom-
mission clothed him. He says, naively enough,
knowing the powers of Mr. Wallace's Commission,
" I conferred with him,". &c. They,then agreed
upon this course of proceeding. We, the Conntv
Fire-office, an Association of 50,000 persons ci
property, have been absolutely prostrated to
the wills of these persons ; we have been treated
as outlaw's in respect to them, and they as absolute
rin o voo underremateiro n
be , equal
tin
ole laws.nsh
i
rulers in respect to us, Lawyers may say that there
s7ott:
gain of
is no wrong without a remedy : what remedy have
without
public P livefwe received for our wrongs ? Punishment for com-
plaining.Tcaal
li
lei They
g v 7
aashyo a y t
any we
i
dered, falsely proclaims au opulent and honourable
kssociation a set of swindlers ; he publishes this to
all the world; and no law will touch him. One of
his victims complains of this wrong to his :private
ear only, and asks for reparation, and he is fined
5004 Lawyers further say; that " complainants
must conic into Court with clean hands," here the
complainants' hands were black as ink, but they
were not the less acceptable in Court, and I suffered
a heavy fine because I would not whitewash then 4„
There is a sympathy between persons in power
which is carried much too far. "We must support
public officers" is a very good rule while they adhere
to their duty, but not when they misuse their power
for selfish objects and acts of oppression. A certain
class of politicians are not satisfied with saying that.
the people have nothing to do with the laws but to
obey them; but they would take away the laws, and
exact the same submissiveness to their own wills, or,
as they call them, their discretionary powers.
:TC:iese
discretionary powers are. absolute powers—lawless
powers; Licensing Justices—Commissioners of cue
sortanother; and frequentlyne
sort 'and ' Select Vestries
enjoythese unconstitutional
enjoy, , powers. I have long
exercised these powers myself, and know
enough of
l
them 0 wan' al people from enduring.
theca, if they
pardonable 6j With this fraternity
un as thatof . so o.ffence is so
calling in ouestaon
of o man in power. 4' l for -
theacts
si9ea s simple justice must
be put dow:ii,frm , *
down, . 1 ned down, plotted down, slan-
deredpunished down, But I trust that our
case will prove to these terrorists that they may call
too largely
t
eharaVtev and h
men and Gentlemeii who, on the present, as well us
on former occasions, have discountenanced the pro-
ceedings in quostion, forbid the hackneyed taunt of
diSafferaion, and should instruct the terrorist politi-
cians that the best and firmest supporters of Govern-
ment are still friends to justice, and will not lend
themselves to support false accusations, conspiracies
to defame, and vindictive proceedings.

Mr. Scutains proposed the first Resolution, and
spoke highly in praise of the conduct of Mr.' Barber
Beaumont, expressing his satisfaction in finding that
the County Fire Office had at least one champiodtu
fight its battles.
The Motion being seconded, was carrieduarta-
nimously. .‘

Sir G. DUCKET, on the Resohalm) for gising
Mr. Beaumont 5001., took occasion to obser‘'(;, tfmr.
he thought it better that that sum should he vi vt
for the general services of that Gentleman, a►nd ►►ot
