the Noble Lora has

:

every lime 'Ffenchnien have' helf;
tliftn life ; the_ incontestible facts we liave
dueed prove we have not degenerated ; and th;11
our officers. were, for a considerable
yoked by example, before they followed it
here is;the difference between the paSt and
present—it was a moment of giddineSs in WI:x:1
Angloinarlia had inVaded. all France: At fiat
.epoch our military men Would., as at .present,
have shed their blood- for their. country and their
Prince ; but led away by a dangerous enthusiasm;
kept carefully up by men who knew how to-proL
fit by it, they had not at heart that love for the.
country, that legitithate pride; that iiist_latre.i
for our enemies, which now forms the thar..eer
of the nation ; then scarcely any p&Son, nei-
ther the Monarch, the Court, not the People,
had:an idea of the foree of France; nor.forsesa-w
the grandeur of her destinies. NOW Frencli;;“4.:
are thmoughly worthy of that name ;- they are
proud of it, and we no longer find gidd'y -young,
then to. praise in
_frivolous societies the tactio,
courage, and success of our enemies.
In the same diStussion,, the same Minister,
forgetting all the reproaches merited by his coml
trymcn, upon the subject' even of his complaints;
dtired
„to threaten the French prisoners with a
more severe condition. What are•the fresh bar-
harities'Which the Noble Lord promises us ?
" According to an authentie Convention, signe4
at naylen, it' was decreed that 12,000 French
should evacuate Spain, preserving their arms, on
condition of not serving till exchanged. Scarcely
had they arrived at Cadiz, when it Was notified
to them, in the name. of England, that the Capi-
tulation would not be curried into execution, and
that they were prisoners of war. Not a soldier.,
not any English General had appotred -upon the
fteld of battle ; we had not treated with them
under no pretence whatever could the English GO.
vei.nment interfere to prevent the execution of a
Capitulation signed between the two belligerent
parties.
_ _

But

". After such a violation of laws "observed in war
by civilised nations, all..the.Yrench had a rignt to
escape from the hands of thei►• -enemies,. As they
have done, after a-detention of more than a year;
Generals _Exulmans and Lagrange were demand-
ed by the English Causnl, and sent prisoners to
London : but 12,000 men could not have this
happiness : besides, the cruelty of the English
Agents had provided every thing to enchain their
victims.

A Captain-General of a severe and just cha-;.
racter, obliged all Andalusia to obey his orders
and respect the prisoners. The English, whom he
would not receive at Cadiz, had him changed ; a
Minister worthy of them, .and at their direction
succeeded the Captain-General. From that time
the lives of tie prisoners were incessantly expos-
ed. Scenes of horror passed in all their canton-
ments ; "but the French Army having quickly re-
sumed.the Offensive, fear seized upon the Junta •
and English Agent, and they threw the prisoners
into floating prisons ; au inventi4worthy of the
humanity of our enemies: '
At this epoch, Lieutenant-Colonel Vottur,
of the Marines'of the Imperial Guard, and other
Officers of the Marine, succeeded in escaping from
the prison-ship of the Fortune, and landed in
Africa. We recollect with what barbarity the
enemies fired upon those unhappy fugitives, who
only used a sacred right, and of-whom many pe,,
rished in the water. •
" Here may be seen the extremities to which
the English Government reduced 'brave soldiers,
who .4 ere not their prisoners. • ' .
We will spare our readers all the sufferings
of our unfortunate countrymen in their frightful
prisons ; water was even ref Used them, and mato;
died of hunger and thirstwithin sight of an Eitr.
fish squadron, -provided- with every thing, and
which .commande'd-the port. The enemy came to'
a resolution to send a great part of our pris;fliers
to the Balearic islands, escorted by the 11117,11d:1
ships of the line, Bombay and Nord, and Am-
buscade frigate. The Spaniards were not then to
blame for. the bad treatment:; the English Cap-
tains were still more barbarous if that was pussi• •
ble. Always at the bottom of the hold without
suffering a single hatch to be open, the prisoners
wanted every thing which could soften their fate.
An American Captain, the Commander of the ship
Sally; alone shewed,himself full of humanity and
worthy of that generous nation which now with •
such a noble audacity attacks a Government al-
ways ready to proudly, boast of its civilization,
Whilst it imitates the bad faith of barbarous
nations.

Let us add, to, terminate this distressing
picture; ,that after haling embarked the French
under pretence of an exchange, for which an
English frigate brought a counter order, they
landed them on the• almost desert island of Ca-
p
bera.

" Stich is the treatment to which England sub-
jects, or allows to experience, those whom she
considers' as her prisoners. Lord Castlereagh,
having dared to raise your voice,restore teFrance
the IZOOO men from Baylen—punish the atro-
cious 'agents who have for ever dishonoured the
Eligtish name, at Cadiz, Palma, Cabrera, and who
have established among our brave soldiers the re-
putation of cannibals.
• " You, perhaps, will answer, that these ex-
cesses are exceptions ;• that_ you have no know-
ledge of them. Y.ou knew the French were not
your prisoners; and you detained them in violation
of a capitulation in. which you were not a c!on-
tracting party. You knew that the French were
protected in Andalusia by a brave, a generous
man, and it
.was •at the itiOnynt that you had a ,
man in that country devoted to you that the
sacres commenced. Your agents are charged
with them, or rather yOu gave directions to:heap
up the French; over whom you had no right, in
prisons, where they suffered all kinds of tortures.
'You have had them transported to deserts, instead
of restoring them to their country.
"'the blood of those liho have perished, ,tbe
cries of 'grief and despair which each of them
raised towards Heaven, will fall upon the exe-
cutors of your cruel me%sures. N‘ hat can be tl.e
cause of such barbarity % Ask all the nations of
the Continent, Tartars, Russians, Swedes, Aus-
trians, English, Spaniards, answer you:
that. they have been treated by us with the
must attentive humanity ; not only have they al-

mOst •all obtained asistance, acl.miriistered 'with a
nwile liberality, but they have even enjoyed their
liberty._ Have they a ,trade, a talent,' they*in..-
crease it in peace, and- thus by a legitimate gain,
add to the happiness of their existence.. We pd-
ink thein into our 'manufactories, they follow,
without obstruct ;on ,- husbandry ,fr`received into
the kouse of the countryman, they form part of
his fathily, so much so, that when the municipal
officer cones. to verify their presence, tie cannot
&ten distinguish the stranger from the Frenchman.
How many, gained by the softness of oneinanners,
Ifave married in France andadopted it fostiteir coun-
try. Andyou,friendsofhumanity,yousliatPrench-
‘ men iri floating prisons. Are you afraid that un-
armed men should conquer 'the , three .kingdoms
A GOvernment so wisely prudent,-a Government
which will by itself make head against Europe,
cash it not restrain an handful Of men ? To de-
fend-itself, must it dishonour-itself by refinementi
on barbarity ? 'for, if You- have not the safety of
the state as a pretext, what name do nu expect
. will be given to your: conduct towards our.pri-
sellers ? What would you saytifithe French GO-
vernment should use. reprisals-7-if You have prison
ships, has she not fortresys, casemates at' iitche
and Luxembourg ? Will it be obliged, in order
to, bring you back to humanity; to shut up, far
- from day, and from contact with the living, the
prisoners which are in its bands I._ That is, ne-
vertheless, to what you expose yeurselves ; but
an experience of several ages has taught you that
France cannot violate certain principles. Your
unfortunate countryiben have in its national cha-
racter a too certain gtarau'tee, and it is that which
emboldens you ; fear, nevertheless, to weary the
patience' and generosity of- a great people ! fear'
to 'make it resemble you for a moment." •
BERLIN, JULY 25.—0 n the 20th of this tronth
arrived here his Excellency M. Baron De Hum-
boldt, our Minister, at the 'Courts of Austria, from
Vienna ; and the General of Division Count Dc
Cavaiguac, from Naples..
In consequence of the orlmance.of the 13th
Dec.l-809, concerning forigners, the Directors of
the Police have renewed the publication of the
following articles :
;Art. 1. Foreigners shall, on their arrival in this
residence, give in information thereof tb the Com-
missary of the Police for that quarter, by a, note
signed by the proprietor of the house where he
. .
2. Whoever receives a stranger into his house,
there to sleep or lodge, under whatever denomi-
nation it may be, and-who keeps no house here,
nor
.helongs to any family; and who is not a part
of any body or of any at thority in this residence
shall within two hours at the furthest from the
time of the stranger's, having entered his house,
give his declaration concerning such matter to
the commissary of the police, _ and in like man-
ner announce his' 4cpartul'e at least two hours
before it shall take place. • If the foreigner
s .all change his lodgings, be shall likewise
give notice thereof to the commissary of the
police, as well as of the new lodgings that he
has taken.

3.. No person can lodge a stranger twenty-four
bours, if he be. not provided with a domiciliary

card.

4. Those who have permissions or passports for
a year are exempted from the obligation of hav-
ing) domiciliary cards, but, they must announce'
their arrival and their departure. Whoever shall
•disobey one or other of these dispositions, which
are of su.eh great importance for the security of
persons and: property, shall pay a Ape of from five
to six crowns.
The considerable military transports Which take
/lace through" this city, having power to demand
c:raughtahorses, and will probably previously like-j
r• wise render necessary a requisition for saddle-
' horses. the Commissioner General, charged with
.the board "and lodging of the troops, in order as
Inuch as possible_ to diminish the loss which may
result to the proprietors or lenders of horses of
luxury from these requisitions, has permitted
company to he formed, who will charge them-
selves with furnishing the needful horses,, on be-.
.
paid a contribution of fourteen dollars per
year for each draught or saddle-horse, to be paid
by the proprietor;

WILNA,.JuLy 20.
PROCLAMATION OF,THE RUSSIANS,

FOUND AT THE ADVANC2D ' POSTS UPON
,THE
DWINA, JULY 17.
Anch Soldiers !---You 4;re 'again forced to
- march to a new war. They eudeavour to: persuade
you, that it is because the Russians do not do
justice..to your valour ; •you will see• so on the
day of battle. Consider that one ariny, if neces-
sary, will Succeed another, and that you are four
hundred leagues from your reinforcements. Do
not let yourselves be deceived by our first 1-move-
ments ; you know the Russians too well to be-1
hove that they fly before you. They will stand
the combat, and your retre4• witl be difficcdt.
They speak to you as comrades. -Return to your
. homes in a body •; trust not tho,t,e perfidious' words,
that you r.re fighting for peace. No; you Are
'fighting for the insatiable ambition ofa.
who v, idles not for ,peace ; had it not, hee.a for
that, heinight hr had it-long ago, but he sports
with the blood of his- brace soldiers., Return to
your homes ; or, if you prefer having an asyeam
in Russia, you will. there t'orget.the-pdious v, orris
C inscription, Levy, Ban aud Rear Ban, and all
elat .military tyranny which does not leave you
aatoment to:extricate yourselves from the yoke."
- ANSWER OF A FRENCH GRENADViR.

.therefore th's does not dztoriigil us. -13 v Ili; ru ;',17
dexterous wanceuvres your armies are divided and
separated froin one another; your column§ wan-
der at-rancku without any object o 4 direction; all
your entrenellments are abandoned ; your im-
mense 'magazines have fallen into our hands, or
hare been destroyed ; :the capital of Russian Po-
/land is in bur power,
,and six millions of Litinia
,nian- Poles confederated with five millions Of Poles

of the Duchy ,of WarsaW take up arms to assert
their rightcs! Already more than six thousand of
those generous Poles haVe,deserted your tamp and
jo;ned us.
You-foresee our retreat ! where have we ever
retreated..tiefore you you -have the same arro-
gance-of language tl:at you had twenty year. ago.
Every:thing is now ehanged.• Let the result de7
- termine ! We koow ourselves.

" You speak of the in§atiable. avarice of our
Sovereign-. Who is the most ambitious, the So-
vereign;‘ whO, after victory, gives up iriMIETISC
Provirxes, thtoUgh a love of peace, or he who,
after being beaten and defeated, unites, tiotwith,-

standing; Finland, Moldavia, and Wallachia to
his States, heiidei; parts* of Eastern' Prus;;ia and
6allkia, and thus feeds-ilis ambition with what
he takes from. the Swedes, his allies, from the
Prussians and Austrians Where" would he, then,

have stepped, had he been victorious'?
" You advise us to desert'! The bak
vise basenesS; We will not give you such advice;
we despise. desertion. • We will address ourselves
only to the. unfortunate Poles. We Will say, to
them that their country is restored. Let them
quit the ranks of their oppressors ;• let them come
(and, in fact, they are corning every day, and will
come every day still more). Let them conic and
range thernselve4 under the White Eagle of Po-
land, which led their ancestors in the wars of
Muscovy! We will say to"them, that the hour
Of resurrection is arrived foitheir.Country ! that
the-Confederation of Poland, under the great Mar-
shal Czartoryski, calls on them to leave the
of -Russia, and that both honour and religion bid
them concur in the great work of there-establish-
:Anent of their country I
" You offer us 'an asylum in Russia ! What !
Should we leave our fine and beautiful Country for
your frightful and barbarous climates ? Shuuld,
we- quit zhe-tutelary laws of a civilized people, for
froien snows and slavery ? are men-, mid will
not become beasts of burden ? :And what would
you give ,us ?- Is, all .your :Empire put together
worth one of our Provinces alone ?
You tell us of conseriptiOn—of military ty-
ranny ! conscription is a lair. , From sistl, mil-
lions of citizens arc easily raised and recruited for
our armies. We march because the law com-
mands ; but• you are selected by your masters,
whose property, you are. You are there for life,
Without knowing why, and only for the good
pleasure of your Lords. You are delivered up
by them to reernit the armies, as they deliver
horses and oxen Military tyranny, say you ?
Tyranny is with yourselves, .who are cudgelled,
and never obtain ,any rank—with you, where/fear
is the stimulus of discipline, and not honour !
Perhaps the time is not far distant, when we shall
give liberty to your brethren—when we shall abo
lish slavery in the Russian Empire, and establish
you in your rights. Every peasant will then be a
citizen of the State He will be master of his
work, and his time, and no longer • the property
of his Lord, like an ox, or a horse ; then we shall
also invite you to desert—We shall say to you,
that we are contending- for your rights, and your
families;, and that you . require our assistance
against sour oppressors. Slavery is against the
rights enci religion of men. _
" We conclude by thanking you for the Cam-
muhiqation you have sent us of your" plan of the
campaign. You say you retire to draw us on :
we acknoWledge your generosity in giving this
notice—continue to inform us of your intentions,
by the noble mean§ you have adopted; we shall
continue to turn it to our advantage."
.• _ _

CONSTANTINOPLE; JUNE 2:):—The old Mufti
-
Savnanizade, above 80 years of age, has received
permission to retire, and that high office of the
Empire has been entrusted to Dunizade. A'few
days after.,•lstambol Effendi, Kadisles.ka ofitome-
lia, and several other legal authorities, invested
with public employments,' were deposed, on'ac-
count, as, it is said, of corruption. Some have
also been banished. The.Gmnd Signior has had

the mortilication to ldse his .second son, the
Prince Sultan Bajazet, who•lately died.
JULY expect every moment the arrival
of COunt Andreossy, the French Ambassador.—
The Porte, when informed of his entrance into
the Ottoman territory, sent to him a Miheman-
der, with a numerous suite. The Porte has or-

Russian Sohliel,s !—You arc the slaves, whom
they compel to march, -in spite of your inclina-
tions, and who 'are reluctantly led oa by stripes
a nd brows 5 the French soldier, free, plieys only
the calls of honour and the law.
‘‘. Yon have never been .told that you sec no
value on inir-yoour; that wonlcl he tdo libsard.—
Atteritadt, Hollbrual, Austerlitz, Pultusk, Eylan,
and Friedland, are recollections too recent. We
have-seen to-day' what we have always seen : we
have;seen you fly before us ! You fled from S.w. it-
7.erland; you tled afterwards froth Austerlitz,
(happy to regain your own -countr:;) ; you Con-
tinued afterwar4 toffy from Friedland, and you
are flying now ! We expected as ninth, and

dered.thSt the, honours be every where paid to him
that are due to his character.

On Sunday lamming early, a boy, was defrauded
of a large quantity of valnable clean linen, which
he was taking horn to MaddiFon's SithseiThtiork-
House, in Piccadilly, by a fellow 'standing at the
door of Mat house, respec,tably dressed, who be
gan scolding the boy for being so. tate, and took
the bundle from him. The boy saw the fellow go
into\ thehOuse, but it- turned out that when .he
got in he pretended that he had mistaken it for
Fraflcls linrdett's. • .

A-a laquisition.was tAc.,a on the body of a yowlg
.liAoman, unknown, on Friday afternoon, before
S. Shelton, Esq. Coroner for the City division,- and
a respec.table Jury, when it appeared in evidence.
that the deceased fell dol,vn iii a fit on Tuesday
.in Holborn, and was immediately conveyed
to the workhouse; on where she,con-
tinuedin a state of insensibility until the followings
morning, when she died:, She was in a state of
pregnancy, and had a quantity of silver tokens
about Lief. The Jury, after, a short deliberation,
returned a verdict of—Died by the visitation of God.
Mr. Wallis,. Surgeon, of Lon, borough, near
Nottingham, was munmoned to attend a Lady.. in
,labour, at two o'clock in ti, morning, on the Gth
inst. On entering the door where this pretended
Lady was, a villain met him, and discharged a
nista at, his head. s Fortunately the' sli.ot
im \VALLI s had received a letter threaten-:
ing to deprive him of lis" life, ",some time since,
but paid no regard to it. .Three Hundree. Guineas
..are offered as a reward, to discover the perpetrator.

, THE VALI": OF

Extracted from the Account given hr Mr. CzArrr, i i iis
Natcral History of that place, r.:eutly published.

fr:That part of t:he.county of Leicester cillecl
the Vale of Be;Noir, lies to the north, north-weft,
and south-west 9f Belvoii.Castle, wit-how, any-
definable limit ; and under this name are 4ompre7
handed a part-of Nottinghamshire, and a fevrpa-
tishes in the. county of Lincoln.
".The sail, .as well as the first appearatite; is
uniform, with very little divevsity of wood er
Water. •

Viewed frorn'the Castle, on the hill of:Del-
voir, the whole country app cars fiat, and the
prospect rather extensive than ,agreeable yet,. it
grows 'interesting upon 'further examination,
and gains in fertility what itloses in v:trietv.
" The natural history of such a conotry,may
seem of little importance, and contind to a few
objects.; but whatever niay be the case with the
common observer,. .or the admirer of general
views, the natttralkt will certainly incet with
much .to engage his attention, andpay his re-
searches.

"This is more particularly true in the depart-
ment of natural history- which relates -to
logy, and especially the division of petrifactions :
in the higher classes, of the three lingdouis (the
Tria Regna Nature 4 of Liunc)_, little can' be ex-.
pected. Our beasts, 'Aids, reptiles, and- fishes,
are already described ; and few or none of them
can be considered as local curiosities'. Our in-
sects arc numerous,. more local, anci defined
with more uncertainty.' Tire ve:-Er,es or an inland
count+ can ttut little en gap our attention ; and
in.the vegetable race, the botanist will scarcely
expect snore than the places or growth of some
particular plants, and a: description of one or two
individuals ; the 'minerals and fossils will there-
fore engage us longer than any other 01-kt-,is of
natural history ; and of these sonic account shall
tie giyen of all the genera, 'with few of the spe-
cies, and mention shall be 'made of certain va-:

_ •
" Mammalia of the Vale of .13eIvoir are not
perhaps safnciently.distiliguishedby any form or
property to merit'a p',2culiar description. The la-
bouring horses are large and heavy, and theirpre-
vailing colour i 3 bltek. The cows are of the tad&
die size, and of the horned breed: The
_sheep are
.1.0.5 than those of Lincolnshire ; yet large, and
yearly improving from the breed introduced by
Mr. Bakewell, of Dishley, a gentleman who it
much celebrated for his attention to this part of
ruiltl economy. _
" The chace deer belonging to the Duke of
Rutland range in considerable .numberi over the
Vale and the adjacent parts of the hill country ;
yet, through the liberality-of the family, and their
regard to the interests of the farmer, they are few-
er than in former times; when the tillage of the
soil was loaded with the heavy. 'expence of night-
ly watchmen, for the' preservation of their
crops.
" The remaining animals, which, being ferze
naturm, are, yet not considered as common right,
are hares and iabbits ; the forther are found plen-
tifully in most parts of the Vale ; and the latter,
of a very fine kind, at the foot, and .long the de-
clivity' of the bill which leads from the-Castle to
the parish of Stathern.
" This and the neighbouring hill country are
celebrated for bunting, and many foxes are found
here; a few years since, two beautiful ones, of
the black kind, were turned off from Crostoti Park
by the Duke of Rutland, with a view to their as-
sociating with the common kind and they did so ;
but it does not appear to have added any thing, to
the variety or pleasure Of the chace.
" In the river Devon is sometimes found' the
°VAT, but tbii happens ;rarely ; and badgers have
been taken, but no often;in the woods of Boos-
ton and Stathern..
The fitchel, or pole-cat, makes'lts usual de-
vastation in this country, and, with -the weasel.
and ermine, may be frequently Met with.
The eream-seoloured mole, a variety of the
common kind, )vhich is.mentioned by Mr.Ternidne
as inhabiting' hiS lands near Downing, is also found
in the.southern part of tile Vale, but softener
th parish of Dalby, it particularly possesses
one inelosurt;, front which it has altno,;t exchided
the black kind, and Made them, though in all the
neighbourhood very plentiful, the. scarcer animal
in that- meadow.
" The smaller quadrupeds in the order of the
manimalia, called glires by Linne, which are com-
mon-throughout the kingdom, .need not be no-.
tired as inhabitants of a particular part of it, as
they!tare neither found in great numbers, nor are
totally strangers.
" ;The birds. in this neighbourhood will not
long engage our attention. The kite is very com-
mon in the woods between Beivoir and Stathern,
amid is almost at all times gliding over the burrows..
of the rabbitk. Of the pie lind:,.woodpeckers and
'jays are numerous. Time hooded crow is seldom
seen, and the hoop is totally a stranger. The
kingfisher is more frequent in the southern 'part
of the Vale than might be Supposed from its , in-
land situation, and the smallness of its streams.
• The' gallinaceons tribe (exclusive ofdomestic birds)
affords only partridges and quails ; pheasants' have
been liberated in the woods about Belvbir but do
not; increase there. ,
- " The divisions of nneeres and gralla.:, the wa-
ter birds of ornithologilts;give us few-species,
May be imagined from the situation of 'the coun-
try,' and its want. of lakes and rivers of alay consi-
derable magnitude.. ET,1.1 in the numerous order
of pas Seres., or satall birds, what is remarkable is
rather the absence of the common kinds than the
presence of the scarce. The pightjugft4.. is seldom
heard ; and the melody of these woods v(ants the
addition of, many little warblers, who gladden
other groves, awl meliorate the notes of their more
harsh and dissonant iiihnbitants. -
It bas Leon remarked by some attentive Oh;
servers for ninny years, that the swallows which
visit the Vale of rielvoir enter it front the north-
east, and commonly assemble- and rest ti few days
about the parish of Foston, in Lincolnshire, be-
fore their, dispersion through the adjacent coun-
try. . _
" Of Reptiles. The Vale of Belvoir possesses

, • PRICE OF STOC
•nwili 2.1c1
Nosy 5 per Celli.
Iri3ll 5 per Cent. .
4 pv Cent.
11t'1' Cent. 1te11•,.
ziiper Cent. Cons. 566 57 sGli
13a,:1i L. Ann. 15 - lit hs
WU a Stoci:, 16,3 i 164 •

. . .
LONDON: Printed by THOMAS WOOD, of No. F-5, Maian-lane, Covant-garden; and PuNisho by WILLIAM ARMIGER SCRIPPS, Soutb Moßon-street, Grosvenor-square,
At tisv Sin( OrNeu, No. 112 6thrtid, whece Advertigenivits, Orders. fir I' (Ter, , Lettqs for the Editor, &c., host paid), Ait.ist b. addressed. •
P

the corrtzon frog ariJ toa-,.1, the scaly snd
ivatcr newt.„ Iht. green iizard; a Airiety of tke
ficaiy, has also been,fwand in the turfty pastures
belt— BariOn WoiJd ; it differ'i in no respect but
cc.l-,;mr f: u! tie cOmModkind the length is ge-
21r:rally -about tiix inches', and the scales are of a .';•
p-2 `c hlue,gret:-:),
_without any variation.
No'..erpents at found in this part-or Leices
tershire, or, any, T.2!I'V few. A person who has
frequently searehvdthe country for every object of
ne.tund history for six year past has never met
with eifl.er the viper, snake, or bliud worm, all •
which are co;nmon in the warm and sandy }yank
and hedges,,4n nianv Dart's of England.
The di v•iion• ofrantes- contains no species W ,
be met with in the fresh -waters of this king-
. • don).
• " Fishes are the next division of the animal
system.- •Of these, the little streams which rutf.
•!--,•o ,s the Vale into the Trent afford but few.—
The dace,the-roach, the .gudgeon-, and the eel, are
the most common: Some -pike arc found liere
with a fey.; perch. The bearded loche [Pendent]
inhal:its a few cle:k and rapid brooks,' anti the
trout ,are occa,ionally caught (but are not indige-;
noun) in the stony parvof the river Devon. If td
these be adled the minow, the- stickleback, anti .
the aruphiA:ena agnatica- of Bertrusius, Albertus,
&, . or the gordius ,equaticus. of Untie, this part
of the nattuid history 'of the Vale will be sufii-
eieutly noticed. • -
Insects are , divided 'by Linne inter seven
:

i. Coleoptcra; beetles. 2. Hemiptera,, grass-
hoppers,- bugs, &c. 3. Lepidoptera, butterflies ••
and moths. y 4. Neuroptera, dragou4lies„. ephe.t. ',-;'',
mera, &c. 5. Hymenoptera; bees, wasps, .&e.
6. DiPtera; common flies and two-viriged insects.
7. Aptcra, insects without wings.
"The number of spetif;s in each of these classes, ,
and more e-41ecially in the first, third, and sixth,
is Very large in every part of the kingdom : con-
tinual additions are made to our knowledge, and
every yta;.' produces the discovery of some new
species.: a collector of insects will in train search
the writings of Unite, ScopOli, De Geer, Fabri--
cius, and even the authors of our own country; for
many which' he will find in the Vale of 'Belvoir ;
he will, however, by this Means see their affinity,-
and the place they hold among thOse already de-
eribed.

`1 Of these 'non-descripts it is not intended to
give here a particular account, as that belongs to
a work purely entomological, but to mention cir-
cumstances only which seem appropriate to the
country.
" Coleopterous insects, of the most common
kind in many other quarters of the kingdom-, are
here very .scarce; and others, are frequently met
with which are considered as uncommon both in
the north and south of England; even the scant:-
bmxis Melclontha (the common cockchafer) in
some years is scarcely .to be met with without
particular search, when they are numerous in al-
most every other country.
"In the year I*/87 the oaks shove- Doncaster
were entirely' stripped by them, while those in
the woods' of Statbery and Banton had none
about them, but were spoiled in an almost equal
degree by the larva of the phalena
small green oak moth, which frequent these\ ivi.-)ads
in number truly astonishing.

A number of boys were, apprehended -on Sun-.
day Morning last, in the fields' about Islingtoa,
found.by the officers gambling.' Their masters or
parents- attended in their behalf, promised the
Magistrates to watch their morals and prevent
their.being guilty. of similar offences in future'
'They were accordingly dismissed.
It is. not a little surprising, considering our ve-
aeration for, Irish Atitignities, that-- no notice'
'should Le taken .of the skeleton recently disin'
fel-red at'Leix.lip. This' extraordinary monument
of gigantic human stature, was found by two lA'
bowlers in Leixlip Church-yard, on 'Friday, the
10th ult. when making a kind of sewer; near the
leap, for
_conveying water, brMr. Haigh
orders. It appeared to have belonged to a man 9'
no; L•3s than ten feet in height 1. It is believed to
bethe sAtac mentiOned by Beating—Phel'sl
huri,ed in Leis.lip Church-yard, near. tIO
Stlinton Leap, 12.1;2 years ago. In the same.pleo
wuF: fenind to Len lari'4e linger ring of pure
The!:e was no inscription or characers or any,kin'.-t
upon it, a circumstance to be lamented, as It
cliPar light upon this ..interestin.b.
subject. Our Correspondent.saw one of the teetui -
Which v: as as large as an ordinary fore finger !---re
(Freeman's Journal) ''•
A large fish, of the sun-fish species, about seve°
feet 10: g; and weithing between 5 and 7, c''ct'
was taLen in Mount's Bay, iia7st week, by 5(.71:1`2"r
fishermen, who fOUnd it basking on the. surface'
the water.

BIRTHS. ,
Ra Stroday morning Inst,.MTs. Robert Abraham, of 1:cP"
4,-;t1-,t7; et, P.r,sold73quare,, of A 6crl. ..
On tte,9th init. Mrs. &:•-,rnpki.asn, -.7ife. Of the Rer. .3-",:es
Simrikinson., of a I,alighter. - .
-
2.sterclay alurnin.:4,- tho-La,..; of F. E. Gray; Ess. cf Drartc•
v.-kk-.:.nlare, of a .Dailglit.f.li.

MARRIET).
0c S'aturda'y last, Mr. alward•Lewis, of Sher%curne, St:7-
geon, 1:o Miss Holbrook, of Deal.
- On Monday last, ,triJ not befOce, by special licens'.e,
Ec:dfordo.lire,
.by the itev. Fre,ierick. _-eve, rl.".
Wald:472:lre, 'oro,ther of Lord AValde,,ravei to
bctlz, the
.c:lo:_vt dall;-Lter et Sa!Duel Whitbread, Ls q.

On the Ist inst. John P. 2,l•anle, second son of Johu
le Esq. • •
Qn the 6thace,l. 23, J G ohn rant P_anhen, Eiq. tb6
Hon. Fast-insiia cotryi.:.ny's•Servict... + of
O_r fire Bth salt. at Qiiiton., Richanisen, d.:+.7.lzh,eC
tir.htke John iticii,trdsati, 1 sq. 91 Unity uole-st(
al-
Qn Saturd'ay sz-uidthly, at ,her father's hou:ie
wits of the Rev. C' •
Pritchett, of the chlrter-Elo;.:,se.

YESTERDAY.
7s. elis•
1.:.,114,1.13;11,31d•
dis. par
Ditto,.3id. per dav, ii• S' 55.
pr
pr:
liacac fur .1,,,4u5t.::13
('cues. for osfh inst. 57MS

TGH VJ ATET. AT LONDON ERZDGE ~~0- :i~i~~~o 1~•B,
Mur:iiug, 43 siiiutttes after 5. f I:tes~isl3, 1Q iiit:te~°rte
