ST. BAn,TifoLoniEws nosPITAL.

CORONER'S INc,ICEHT.
On Tuesday 4.7.4.114)5,r, at a quarter past seven
o'clock, Twos. SHELTON, Esq. tile Coroner for London, and
a respectable Jury, assembled in the Committee-room of St.
Bartholomew's Hospital, to inquire into the death of Mrs.
Alary Alcock, aged 87, who carne by het death, under the
following extraordinary circumstances
Mr. William Alcock, the husband Of the deceased, stated,
that he was a watch-hand maker, and resided in Moneyer-
Street, Roston New-town. • On last Sunday ten weeks, he
went out about three o'clock in the afternoon, leaving his wife
in good health and spirits at home. He returned home about
ten at night, and on going into the foam, he found the deceased
sitting on a chair by the tire, upon which was a saucepan, and
her head resting on the bar of the stove. He instantly ran to
her assistance, and raised her lit the chair, and on examining
the side of her head, he found the cap and hair a little singed,
but could perceive no Wound in the head. He niade the bed,
and she went to bed quite sensible, and witness took nti
ther notice till the next morning, when she eciniplained of pains
in the part that was injured, and then he called in a doctor, who
prescribed proper applications, and she remained
,at home for
three weeks, doing very well ; when on one day, finding she did
not come house, he became unease', And on inquiring for her,
he found she had got ketself admitted into the Hospital, and,
said the witness, " I am Very sorry she o'er did, it was against
my inclination, for I am sure it has been the Cause of her death."
Coroner.—How—been the cause of your wife's death ? Ex-
plain yourseM You neglected her by not sending for surgical
advice sooner than feu did.
Witness.--I did not consider the injury she had sustained
was of any consequence, which was the reason I did not call in
a (lector the same night the accident happened.
Coroner.Aut why do you say, that by your wife being ad-
mined into this Hospital it caused her death ?
IVitness—Because the young boys that Walk the Hospital tic:
tually cut her scull open, and examined the Cements of the head
whilst she was living, and she only lived one day after. I went
to see her on Friday, and I was retused admission for two horirs,
and when I went into the ward where my poor wife was lying,
(here he butst into a flood of tears), I found her insensible
from agony ; she attempted to speak to me, tuft bet tongue had
ceased to act ; she squeezed tuy hand, and her countenance
indicated that she had something she wished to Communi-
tate. tier head had been cut in half, and the aawinga of her
scull were to be seen on the bed clothes ; and to appearance
it seemed as if some carpenter had been sawing a plank.__.
The operators was standing about her with their blue aprons
and sleeves, and witness was so shocked at the sight that he
could scarcely remain in the room. In addition td mangling
her whilst living, they have mutilated the bode Since death ;
and when I get the corpse away, I will certainly cause an in-
vestigation into the affair. I say again, lam sure they have
caused her death.
Coroner.—l hive no doubt but the surgeons trapanned the
skull, in hopes that it would prove beneficial to the patient.
%Vitness.—lt could not prove very beneficial to sever the head
in half whilst the patient lived. The object was to explore
the contents of the skull before life was extinct. lam sure that
It caused her death---1 am sure of it. lam certain her days
were shortened by her coming here.
Coronet—lt was the surgeons' duty to trepan the skull, and
no doubt they were of opinion it would' be the means of saving
her life. DO you know how your wife came to be in the situ*.
don you found her in
Witneas—She told me idle fell forward In a tit. She had an
apoplectic fit some time before that.
• Mr. Lawrence Joseph, one of the house surgeons of the hos.
Tina, was next examined. Ile stated that the deceased was
brought into the house on the 30th January last; he examined
'her, and.found she had experienced some severe injuries on
the right side of the bead ; all the soft part was destroyed, and
the bone also to a considerable extent, perhaps two-thirds of
the right side. She was quite sensible ; she went on fairly
well for some time, but witness never entertained hopes of her
rer
b vital. te.
powersevrey. Shn tti yee
ulacomplatstil et
ed of pains in t
fromd, and on uliteurlemiyiii
nis letlitbeetflleyeannagt,
etnhiggothilett
e
insensible, and at night she died.
Coroner.—Did you inquire the cause of the accident of the
patient herself ?

Surgeon.—l can't exactly recollect. J might or I might
not—in nil probability 1 did.
Coroner (in anger).—You might or you might not : in all
probability yotm did 1 What do you Mean by that ? Is goo
a proper manner to give evidence ? You may have a deal of
conceit of yourself; but I tell you that--.
Surgeon.—l must tell you, Mt. CorOrmet, that lam not cOn-
ceited., and you have no right to—
Coroner.-1 have a right, and I still shy, if you are not Very
Onceited, you have a had memory. It is a Very extraordinary
thing that yoU did not inquire of the patient the cause of the
accident. It is pert of your duty, Sir, Xi one di' the house
surgeons of this institution, to make such inquiries, so that
you may be able to facilitate inquiry should the unfortunate
being die under the roof of the Hospital.
Surgeon.--I have no doubt the inquiry wag Made ; but I
cannot call to mind whether it was or nut.
Coroner.—Then you have a bad memory, Sit
Surgeon.—That Is Merely your opinion, Sit.
Coroner.—Ay, and I think it is the Opinion of the Gentle-
men of the Jury as well as myself, although you are so very
flippant. •
;surgeon.--I say lam not flippant, and you have no right to
make such an assertion.
Juror.—lt is most singular, Itlr. Joteph, that you did not
inquire how the accident iteppened. I have seen a great theny
burns, bitt I never saw such a one as that which is the subject
of this inquiry.
Coroner.--I shall inquire further into this business. I have
often had occasion to complain of the manner in which you
young men give your evidence ; and for time Ilmture I will have
the attendance of the surgeons themselves—l mean the princi-
pal men, if I can't get proper evidence from the house-sur-
geons. Who dressed tire wound ?
Surgeon—l don't know.
Coroner—When an accident is brought in at night, who sees
the sul4rer first P
Surgeon—The titesser, whoever he May be, in rotation.
Coroner—And then ohoso care is the patient wider ?
Surgeon,- It is the duty of the dresser to send for one of the
house surgeons;- and after they have seen them, they temain
Under the care of the dresser.
Coroner—Then who wail the dresser wlio first saw the de-
ceased ?

Surgeon—Mr. Robarta, I believe.
Coroner.-Then Itobarta, ihould have' been here, and
not you. 1w he to be found ?

Surgeon —He is not in the hospital, but the sister of the
ward, no doubt, will he able to prove the fact required.
The Pilot was then called and exitthineti ; she protett hem,
trig the deceased city frequently that she had fallen on' the fire
whilst in a tit.

they,lied askedbe tt
Thee!) surgeonunnra
andtl) er ebay-
swohn;
htmtet i•
weskau:::/ki:get"L:l:lL:ol7,itiahati:ieo ttit:lie,°,;iillteeranieliiirli.nVineen t performed th o opera.
tion and it was done in consequence of its being sdpposui that
sorbetwog had formed on the brain, anti therefore the Skull
Was trepanned to aid its escape.
Coroner.-4lad the operation not been performed by such
an able man as Mr. Vincent, I would have seen further into
it. I know the routine of the Hospital duties as well ha these
sent),,t ogast:irgie surgeons; tortifVethbeeetin::::rnaonr(tiolot‘hrlte)ynssyjatelnat:rsit.:neainordtvaictim:
tine of the house committee. The body moat certainly
Naiad not have been opened 'after death without the ebtl-
treasurer ; and he would while the husband to make a Corn. plaint to the committee, who would inquire into the business
,lillic:ltntiltui
jAdivp'B,ll
tiltieW:elicludlibaer
otliirrettihneisJtautiryc6
of the
ewe.
In
his
'opinion, there was no doubt but the woman fell, into the Ere
by acuicnt.
The Jury returned a' verdict to dud effect, and 31r. Alcock
declared he would make a complaint to the Treasurer of the
Hospital.

II"RING!! I'Al'llit4.
(Fran the koilet-dated TO4iiay, 414reh 14.)
CwirraNTINOPLE, Fcu.lo.—A report has bean
spread here for the three weeks; Abel( the
Greeks. had retaken Tripolitia; but this news
seems to be entirely destitute Of faUrtdOtioft.
Things are still iu the same state at Missolonghii
except, that the operations of the Siege tin the
land Side Have been interrupted by the ket. sy
rains.
The new English Ambassador, Mr. Cattnin i.
who has stopped two days at llydra and gpesitai
nut yet arrived here. We learn that after a
violent tempest he arrived la the Dardanelles,
where he embarked on board a brig{ but that he
is detained by the constant north wind. Count,
Guilleminot, the French Ambassador; lies taken
leate of the Ptirte, and Oill return to Pala. by
short, stages, passing through Vienna. TheHin;.
habitants of our city were alarmed last night by
three violent shocks of air earthquake; Which,
however, have done do damage: The Marti has
ordered Public prayers.
Coition, Feu. tis uftrinetilhat thereltit,
been a naval action in 016 Gulf of Naas, tuttli4l
news is confirmed by the destruction not only ota!
Turkish frigate, but of a Turkish corvette 'Which
Was burnt. The .aocothits adtk that d brig end
several tire-ships were taken by • hoarding,. and
that the garrison of Missolongbi has made k fresh
sally, %Odell is stated to have been very fatal to
the army of Ibrahim We learn also that
the two persons who lately arrived from Con-
stantinople at the camp of the Seraskier, and
Whose arrival made the latter utteasyi were pie-
nipoientiaries commissioned to negociate with the
inhabitants of Missolonghi; Who refused torlisten
to titetri:

FEBRUARY 7'.-..--NOtWilliSninding the advan•
tage which the Greek fleet hui gained over the
Turks, it seems that the action was not general,
and that the Greeks did not surceediii *holly
blockading Missolonghi, which is very closely in.
vested by fotir welisarmed frigates, which ttuffet
nothing to enter or quit that place. it evert risers
, that the garrisnit has not been supplied With prq.
visions, as was said, by the Greek fleet but that,
on the contrary, it is in the greatest distress for
subsistence, which places it under the necessity
of making a desperate effort, the fatal Louse.
qUetiCeS of which are apprehended. The fact is,
that the most distinguished persons of the nobi.
lity of this country have set on foot a stibscrip.
lion, to afford the most proMpt assistance to the
inhabitants of that town. Four boalsiladen with
biscuit, are gone thither two
,vessels,
ler cargoes, are waiting at Cephalonia tnr,a
vourable moment to. sail,.ft ia
,atilros4', that
''Cauaris Is commissioned to protect, , thenton their
haSSfige by etery ineastirein his:puwer.,.A Stearn.
eat, which is expected nit tile "101 k, is to depart
immediately for Ancona, to bring hither a Person
of importance.
MAttot 13.—The :Wail° di itteirri
pounces, after a letter confirming:the ne'Ws Of She
advantages obtained by the Greeks before Misso.
looghi, that the Government at Nap Oil di Ito.
mania had declared to M.Stralfoid,Cainiing, that
no proposal for an accommodutioh will be accept.
ed from the Porte unless it has for haste the in. of Greece. '

The official part of the itforkikdi of 'Monday
contains a report of the Xing, by the Miniiter of
the Marine, on' the means of ameliorating the
situation of the naval officers and seamen by an
increase of their pensions and half-pay, followed
by a Royal Ordinance for carrying into effect
the plan proposed by the 'Minister.
From Me Courier Prdueeit.)
ROMAN ExEctitoss..--tieveral individualsi
among whom were Prince Spada and other disJ
tinguished persotingesi haiing been accused of
I carbonarism, were Condemned, the notilenten to
imprisonment, and the other to death. It is
usual at Rome to wait till sunset helnit,, confess.;
ing the criminals ; but it seems they hadoiot so
much patience with the carbonnii who ,having
behaved with extraordinary . resolution, were
executed at mitl-day in the Piazza del Po*
polo, much to the surprize of those who have
any knowledge of the Roman practice in such
cases. Bikt another execution soon after produced
a more profound sensation. The criminal in this(
Case was one of those prelates who are nut priests'
and are called Monsignori. lie was conducted to
the Pisvto del Popolo,- and suffered there a- pu.
nishment which seeMS tO have been inspired
by a scruple similar- to that of the Bishop of •
Beauvais, who carried no weapon in battle but a
club, because the church, as he said, abhorred
the thoughts of blood. lle was knocked down
at inid-day on the Plaiza del Popolo, at the most
frequented entrance of Rome, while a great mint,
ber of strangers were Arriving every instant.
Thne executioner, observing that the' unfortunate
man Who had fallen under his club still breathed,
opened an artery in his
,neck ,quartered his body)
and sent the palpitating liMbs to be exposed to
the f,41Z1. of the multitude.. - Can such a scene;
d#l4,..ta hie eten in the most barbarouv ages, hr
hill), liOrtliitii'd to take plait! in the tivetrent"
century
Ceittls ,
F itr NCH FuNne—PAftls; likien ia..—Five , 0),,L
9111. 70c.--Three per ilents,, Of. 40v—Bank 6 L'il A yti.a 4,
114 n te dt NaPie(47W..Boc,,-RopilSpaniiiti Lintel, till ~,e,,n 50,2.4
Loan, 744t—t.sch.ingt• t,ti 'London, one work +t',
thfee taitniths, 26r.-25t% - !Cum's .44,04ntivk• ! •
•
. . if 011; iti)ici fhb
7gr
the grelit pittto of !-41,—,
~, ,
merchants of tialonica
,Ittrii"irtri'dwi'.6ll:(!::o'. t'oeis.,,t
priucipal eNpor.fs tt!-,e`,„")
~ .
tains three hoirdrerWVodg", Iti thickly .stets
log,thet that, whir' Viewed from Wl* icpS of 0,,,,,,
,orrouriiiiiig motollai"6, ureic "Pilearailee maletAvi
hies that of uric treat city.

,

PA ItL I A ME NT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, MARCO 15.

On the motion of the Earl of LtmEntex, further pro.
ceedings on the Lismore Divorce Bill were postponed till
Monday.
Petitions for the Abolition Slavery were presented, by the
Bishop of litnitrtzLn„ from a ,placein the county of St
Lord
afford ;
by the Earl of Sitar-el:snotty, from Lancaster ; and y
Kam* from Belton.
'nth Duke of MONTROSE preiented a petition. from the
Royal Burgh of Stirling, praying that no alteration may be
mads.m the System of Banking in Scotland
~,Nr.IIIIOODEN and others from the Commons brought
*tithe- Mutiny Bill, the Marine 'Mutiny Billw, and
read a first
the Bill
for Facilitating Advances by the Bank,
,which ere
time.
The Scotch Jurors Bill, tiie",Lttriatic Asylum, and the Irish
Prison Improvement Billmere read-a seCond time.
1.4111 $l-I FYI ELM., tiespairing ,of having-a better opportu.
of calling their Lordship's attention to a petition with
Vibicli'lie,had been intrusted, he should submit it to them now.
i..'/X,WattlPetitiDl3 ayairsit the (Same Lima from the Magistrates i
,Sif.Norfoilt. Coining from each a body, and such a county, it
*ati Well entitled to consideration. There was at present no
Sill before Parliament, as there had been' last session, on this
~Tobject. .H aa there been such a Bill, he
would have kept the
l ,etiuon still longer in his possession;but. as there was no ex.
.peetation of a Bill of that kind being brought forward, he had
resolved to-present it. The petition was signed by only one
ittClvitlual ; but it, was agreed to by all the Magistrates of the
county assembled at Quarter Sessions.
, • 'The Promissory Note Bill was committed and reported.—
: Adjourned.

citor) proposed to pursue." If such were the uniform practice I
of the Bank, he must be permitted to say, that it was an uni-
form
practice, which.was ettceetlingly unjust. For an indivi-
dual might be deprived of his stock under it, and might not be
permitted to see the warrant of attorney by which he was de-
frauded, unless he first gave the Bank of England. an engage-
pent that he would release it, from all liabillty. Such a prac-
, die, he thought, ought to be stopped immediately, if not by the
Bank itself, at least by the House, which was bound to protect
to the uttermost the public creditors. He then moved that the
petitiorr be brought up.
Mr. PEA lISE was inaudible in the gallery, ieicept in one or
two unconnected remarks. We understood him to Say that he
.had no knowledge whatever of this transaction, and to defend
the course adopted by the Bank towards similar applicants.
Mr. GRENFEI4L could not understand the principle upon
which the Bank acted in giving such an answer as it had given

to this: Petitioner. . , .
On the petition being brought up,
Mr. BE IiCROMBY said, that the explanation of • his
lion. Friend (Mr. Pearme) had convinced him that the case was
ht itself a great Hardship, and that the principle oa which the
Bank had acted was wholly erroneous. If Ans. Hon. Friend
knew the distress of this poor woman, witemas maintained by
the parish, he thought that the refusal to permit- her solicitor to
inspect the power of attorney would not be persisted in.
After, a few words from Mr. Pt:aural, which were inaudible,
the petition was read and ordered to lie on the-table.
Mr. GRENFELIi hoped that some means would be devised
to pyevent the recurrence, or such cases.
Mr. SYKES presented a • petition,form Our freeholders of
Hull, praying that the power of voting in the election of mem-
bers for the county of York might be extended to them. He
thought that the principle ought. to ,he extended to the free.
holders of all towns, and inteutled to submit a Dill to the House

for thakpurpose. - • . '
ELLICE. supported the petition: .
Mr. SYli ES presented petitions from Wilton, .Hornsea, and
Market Weighum' •against negro slavery.
Sir GEORGE IVA BRE NDE it'presented petitions from
Jedhurgh and North Berwick, against any alteration in the
banking systeM of Scoditud.
EXPENCES OF COMMISSIONERS OF BANKRUPT
• ~ • IN THE COUNTRY.
Sir ROBERT WILSON.:rose au. ssubmit a motion to the
House respecting an abuse whichiprevailed in the practice un-
der commissions or bankruptcy irralserountry. lie had been
informed that when thesevommissioners met, they were in.the
habit of partaking of refreshments of various kinds, the ex-
pellees of which were afterwards charged to the creditors under
the commission. Under the Act recently, passed. respecting
bankrupts, this practice Mail decidedly illegal:- The returns
under the motion which he was About to make would show the
extent to which the practice prevailed, and there could .be no
question that a remedy'wouhl be:easily found' when the House
was once im possession.of the Etats. -Ile apprehended there
would be no difficulty in_carrying it into execution.. The se-
cretary of bankrupts must he,acquainted. with the names of
•the commissioners anti solicitors under • all r the commissions of
bankruptcy which were issued- It. would,- therefore, only be
necessary-to order him to write to the solicitors, and. to require
them to extract from their bills of costs all the auras which-had
been paid on account of tavern expellees.. ile.therefore moved
that there be laid beforii the House a return of -all the tavern
expenses incurred by commissioners of 'bankrupts, under all
commissions executed in the country during the last three
The SOLICITOR-OENERAL thought it would lte ex-
tremelycliffeult to procure the returns required by the Hon.
and Gallant General. It would be easy to' procure all the In-
formation-which the Secretary of. Bankrupts could give, but ho
did not know how itwas to be carried farther. • •
Mr. A BERCROMBY .said, there could-benadouht that
the practice alluded to existed. The- Hon. and Learned Gen-
tleman read some items front a bill of arsine the whole amount
of which was 2,000/., under a comornisSion of bankrupt, where
several large sums had been paid for tavern expences, There
could be no doubt that this—was an. abuse.• It ;was ttrue that
the Commissioners who partook of these expenses were dis-
qualified fronracting, hut then it war also true that the bills
were-taxed by the 'same Commissioners. He saw no difficulty
in obtaining the returns. - . •
Mr. BA NK ES, jun. said, that the Act as it stood provided-
& remedy for any abuses which might exist. It the Commis- •
sioners partook of these entertainments; they were guilty of.
perjury. He apprehended the difficulty of obtaining the re.
turn was insuperable. '
Mr. IiUME said, that his experience convinced him that a
elause.in an Act of Parliament was tia remedy against abuse.—
By returns laid on the table two. years No, it appeared that
224,0001. had been spent by the:Commimenoners. of the Lund-
tax In London and Middlesex, in the veryteeth of five Acts of
Parliament. In two or three wards of the city, a sum of 180/.
was charged for trips to Blackheath, and a ball in the winter.
Mr. CROK ER thought it would be impossible to procure
,the returns. The House might' command: the Secretary of
Bankrupts, but the would be at the mercy of the Solicitors.
It would be much better to state some individual case by 'way
of beginning, and then proceed uptin it. ' • •
The SPEAKER said the Monet would misunderstand its
poWer if it should be diverted front requiring the returns which
had been moved for under an idea that they could not 'enforce
them. Upon the return made by the Secretary of Bankrupts,
the order would be served by the proper officer,, and parties
refusing to obey would be in the same situation as others who
should presume to neglect the commands of the lieuee.
Mr. S. BOURNE recommended that the motion'ishOuld he
confined to one year. There could be no questiOn that the
alleged abuse war n most gross one, end he should be the last
person to interfere to prevent a remedy,, or to suffer time parties
offending to go unpunished. Time gryat :difficulty appeared to
him to be, that these parties were called upon to furnish cvi.
'dense against. themselves, on which they were afterwards to be
prosecuted.
Mr. C. WYNN objected to the form' otthe motion. Ile
thought the :case wits already sufficiently provided for by
law as it stood., If a true return should be made to the mo-
tion,. it would render the party liable to a prosecution. the evi-
'deice on which he would himself have furnished. He pat it
to the lion. and Gallant General whether this could be ad-
visable.
Sir nom:lmm bsoN to confine his mo.
'lion to the commencement of time last Bankrupt Act.
Mr. PEEL suggested that. it would be advisable to shorten
time time still further; for •in consequence of the difficulty of
making returns to Orders of the House, clerks in public ofhccs
Were really hardly, able to execute the ordinary business of
their departments(flear i) •
Sir it, WILSON then said, that he would not carry the
motion further haat than May, 1024
The motion, thus amended, was.agreed to. •
Mr. HUM E moved for a return of the number of Crown
Debtor! at present confined in the jails of the United Kingdom,
stating- the day on which their confinement commenced, their
names, and specifying whether they had paid any and what
partof their debts,--(hear I) • . •
On the motion of Mr. LITTLETON, the adjourned de-
bate on the Private Bill Committees was further adjourned to
Wednesday mat.. • • •
Mr. II UN g, moved :for a leturn of time .number of Midship-
men promoted to he Lieutenants in the Royal Navy ; the
number cif lieutenants ,:promoted to be .Commanders ; the
number of Comm:mama promoted to- be. Captains, km from
the let of January,. 18V4 to the Ist of January, 111.26. The
Honourable Memiter :moved for a similar ,return with re.
spect to the Royal Marines.--Both returntrwere ordered to 'be
produced.
Mr. HUME next moved for a return ofthe amount of money
issued since the peace, for the clothing of the Itit and 2d regi-
ments of Life eluards,the Horse Guards, the Foot Guards; the
Infantry-of the Liue, and theMilitis..-.Ortlered. • -
The:Hon. Member gave notice?that he would :to-morrow
move for a return of all sums reteiv,d by-the Heats and Chapter
of Westminster, front persons visiting the _Abbey, • during the
asp five years.
Mr. CARUS WILSON presented a petition from Preston
praying for the Abolition of Slavery, which was ordered to be;
minted.
The House then adjourned at Half-past Six o'Clock.

Termini Wosicri of quality are great eques.
trians ; but when they meet a stranger on the road
they cause their horses to be led, aside, und, so
placed that their backs may be turned to him,
lest they should be profaned by his beholding;
the only part of their faces visible through their
thick veils—their eyes.

•
fir wid~nitl{; the 'road from Colchester to 14
- on-
41on at Lexden MI, the workmen- have. lately,
dug up a grcat variety of• Roman tirnsk I.ll°Bl of
Allem 111 a intliiiiited state, containing a quantity of
harm hotiel heti fidleS ; also, two small but curious
gold ringsLiN4cll bearing a very rninute and irre
golarr device ; hoth of w Ilicll,.togethet.with somc
othet ltounlu reliques discovered .at the Piffle
place, are 110 W. in, the possessionof;the,l4ey. 08(''
Preston, of Lexdoti.

ASSIZE INTELLIGENCE.
KINGSTON, MAR= 15.
TIM NINON ON Tux PROSECUTION OF WM. ICENRICIC,

Esq. V. cuawroaD, ESQ.
This was au indictpaent against the defendant, a Magistrate
of the county of Surrey, for assaulting William Kenrick, Esq.
also a Magistrate of the same county, and one II jetWelfh,

Judges. The defendant " pleaded Not Guilty." This was a

case of considerable excitement in the county.

Belpre ,the case was opened, Mr. Baron GRAHAM kindly
proposed sonic mode of compromising the prosecution by pri-
vate arrangement, 'but without success.

Mr. Bo LLAND (with whom was Mr. Guttruev) Stated the
case for the prosecution. From ,t he Learned Counsel's opening,
it appeared that there had, been some disputes between M.
Kenyick and Mr. Crawford, respecting the right of shooting
over a manoraf: which the former claimed to be the Lord. Into

these disputes he declined entering, wishing to confine the at-

tention of the Jury to the assault which was the subject of the
ind ictment. Mr. Crawford having filed certain informations
on the game laws against a person named James Beale, who

had been appointed by Mr. Kenrick as his gamekeeper, the in.
formations came on to be heard before Mr. Burgess, at the
Petty Sessions holden at Dorking on the 9th of November last,
When the transaction now in question took place. The Learn-
ed Counsel, after giving a general outline of the circumstances
Uf the case, called the following witnesses :
Wm. leenrick, Esq., examined.—l am a magistrate of this
county. On the Oth of November I attended before Mr. Bor.
grss, a mitgistrete, and chairman of the Reigate division, for
the purpose of hearing certain informations on the game laws,
lodged by Mr., Crawford against my servant, -lames Beale,
for killing game without a qualification. The Petty Sessions
were held at Dorking. When the first information was called
on, I requested that the summons might be proved before
Beale was called upon to appear. Mr. Burgess said, " Why
ao ?—you did not requirealus to be done on a former day,:" To
which I " that the occasion did not then require it;
but it does now." Mr. Crawford then said, " Why quibble
—why give thiaarouble ?" I believe those were the words.
My answer then was, " Your summonses were then in time .
but they are now out of time, and that is the objection," Mr.
Crawford then said, " Never mind, I'll prove the summons:"
and added, a pretty lawyer-like objection," and I believed he
used the word pettifogger. Thetiummons was then proved, and
the objection was over-ruled by .Mr. Burgess. Tho examina-
tion of the witnesses then proceeded, and I think the next cause
of irritation arose-from my asking whether Mr. Crawford had
any property in. the parish or manor of Broom. Mr; Ciawford
objected to thitsonestion,, but Mr. Bergess allowed it to be put.
Theobject of my question was to prove the character of the in-
.formation ; and observed, that as I Considered Mr. Crawford
had no property in the parish, I thought his interference was
most impertinent arid officious: He had laid six intotinations
against Beale and another person. 'lllr. Crawford desired the
to make an apology for the use of the word "impertinent." On
a former day I had used the same word, and had apologized for
it; but I reltised apologizing for it how, stating as my reason
for the refusal, that I had proved he- had no property within
the parish or manor, and not 20 acres within the county, as the
witness then went under examination had stated, and as I be.
lieved. Mr. Crawford then stated to •Mr. Burgess, that he
Crawford) had net been treated like a gentleman.--a.
I think Mr. Burgess made no reply, but I am not sure. I
told Mr. Crawford, that he was *there -as an informer, and
as an informer I should treat him. " lie then anpealed
again to Mr. Burgess for protection." Mr. Burgess ad-
dressing himself to me said, " Mr. Crawford is styled
Esquire in the informations." To this 1 replied, ". That if
gentlemen descended from their stations, and assume other cha.
racters, they must be. treated in the character they assume.—
If Mr. Cr4wford assumes another character, I shall treat him
in the chtu'acter he assumes." I instanced several persons who
had assumed the characters of coachmen and the keepers of
gaining-hausei. I believe I inemioned other characters, but
Ido not immediately recollect: I said" Mr. Crawf.ml has
laid six informations"—he is here as an informer, anti as an in-
former I shall treat him." Mr. Crawford • again applied to
Mr. Burgess for protection, and said Hite did not protect him
he should take the law into his own hands, which he knew how
to do ; and added. words which I distinctly understood to amount
to a challenge. That was the impression the words made on
my mind. 1 made no reply et nli—at least Ido not recollect
that I did. Mr. Crawford then asked me if I meant to apply
to him the characters -I had before mentioned. said I did
not. lie repeated his question two or three times; I said,
" You put it on, not!.. If you take what I say to yourself, yoit
put it on,.not I." I don't recollect any thing to irritate either
of us for some little time after thit. There Might have been.;
if there was, I don't recollect it. Anothek witness wait exa-
mined by Mr. Crawford, and when [miss...examined bins, he
proved that he saw Mr. Crawford shooting ovet his farm, and rid.
ing through his standing corn. Mr. Crawford Said this was not
the fact. I told hint he was contradicting his own witness, and
that I could not permit him to do so, for lid well kneW that I
had seen him myself on my mending corn, and over Mr.-How-
ard's also. He then mild it was not so. I said I hail seen him
myself two or three diffrent times, and that nine of my work.
men had informed me of the same thing. He then said,." ])o
you mean to contradict me I said I did. I had just goinp
from toy chair at that time, and went to another corner of
the room. As 1 turned round, he threatened to turn me out of
the room; to which Usaid," Hear, hear I" or something ofthat
kind, lie then caught up the poker in his hand, and 1 thought
he was going to strike me with it. I said, " Take care ;• be on
your guard what you are about." I think he again threatened
to tarn use out of the room ; but lam not sure of that. I then
said I.should not be bullied by him or any other bully. I added
some other expression which I don't recollect. I have been
since told that I said in addition, "or by the spawn of a gaming-
house." Ido not believe that I made use of that expression.
My reason for thinking so is, because I ant conscious of the
impropriety of reflecting upon any man's birth or parentage.
I have no doubt whatever that I did make use of some other
offensive expression, but not that. I don't recollect any thing
farther till atter the trial of the first information, winchavas
dismissed. The hearing of the second information did not
proceed immediately. Nothing irritating proceeded from the
one side or the other for about an hour or two. - The whole
proceeding lasted from seven until half-past four. ' When
the second information was called on, I did not wish to
putt: any thing which Mr. Crawford could prove. On that
information a conviction took place. As soon 43 the business
was over, I when out to WI for my carriage. When 1 re-
turned I found Alr. BUrgese proceeding on information
for an assault against Nome third. person. I offered to
silt. 1%)
eI
kw.
tmßeurhguenstsireidn. the hearing,
ahieteadri
tr about ten Miriutds or a, as I wits a Magistrate
t.
quarter of an hour, but the parties did not appear. 1 was' net
aware that Mr. Crawford was iii the room at this timei until he
entranced towards me from the window to the fir St-place, where
was standing. lie then told me he wished to have 'seine
conversation with mein ',terins'of conciliation. 'l7o this I an-
swered, that I wished to-have no conversation with him of any
kind, whatever. lie then said, that in consequence of what
had lamed that day, a friend -of his must wait upon me; and
woulda. allow him to do so at my house? 1 repliedi If I
ani to understand you mean to challenge me. I shall take no
notice of it, but refer you to the' Court of King's Itekh." pie
then struck Me a violent blow on the face, which 'knocked me
completely ilown,-iat least so far as the wall would let me falli
and.: said, Take that, you coWard !" and ran out orthe 'room.
He was brought back and bound over to the last assizes, anti I
was bound over to prosecute. •
Crossaexamined by Mr. Sergeant T ADDY —1 have. been at
the bar; I ain hlagistrate of this county, and one of hie Ma-
jesty's Jnstices for North Wales. 1 did not attend Were Mr.
-Burgess 'us Conned, nor as a gentleman, nor in any judicial
capacity. was aware thathr proceedinge before Justices Mole
were. allowed to be present but the parties, anti I asked Mr.
Burgesa leave to attend before him to assist Beale as my sera
vent. I believe Mr. Crawford asked me If I would be his
counsel. 1 said I had left the bar, and I could not; was
attending principally to assist" Beale as rny servant; 1. was not
attending judicially, nor did I consider myself'. as his counsel.
' lwas attending merely to
or lawyer-
protect my-own servant, and to give
!Om every assistance in my power. lleale was my gamekeeper;
lilt I don't think he was out more than four times during the
positive certaintyaa to Ole time
evaeodacvsaootenl.::l
ndlidigcnal'intt,retttillelltiedet,ot claiming to be beard as British ad -
wlitetitlieard us an advocete, but not as
(I,iukceuni
obrij.e.cit
ands objections;"
use
a British advocate; nor did-I' make use of the word* Welch
when Mr. Crawford Weil the words " pettifoing
word " impertinent," and ex-
ford that I
but on this
after the case was one into upon the merits. On a former
planted my meaning to be that what was steo
utfbethebest of my recollection it
was
said watt irrelevant
used the word in- its liediLdest and most extensive sense.
Mr. Crawfoid claimed Mr. Burgess .° protection two or three
occasion adroit r told Mr. Craw
tidies. • The last time I said to. Mr. Crawford, a That the
spoor: of a-gambling-house is to be treated as the spawn of a
gainbling-hou,a and is not to be Ireated.as a gentleman.
will not epee 2
tuahe Magistrates for protection; I will apply
elsewhere.
.ttaing the words " epawn of.tt gambling.
added the words, " the keno or the boar of -a
gambling-house," and that the bully of a gambling-house is

to he treated as the bully of a gambling-house. I said to Mr.
Crawford, " You are here, not as a gentleman,,but as an in-
former, and as such I will-treat Toil. If the cap;fits you, pat
it on." j' In Instancing the different characters,•':Which some
gentlemen assurned, I did not allude personally to Mr. Craw-
ford ; but when-I called him the bully or bravo of a gambling-
house, I did use those expressions personally, because I had
beak infortned,and believed, and do now believe, that bej_bad
beeffaLthat situation ! ;
k,
Mr, argon Grvitax interpose d, wit time expressions
mqf aittAbaisbllent,sitedahe witness t C reall ant,,to allude'
peisoltilly To Alra*Alvford (a.rettle4.apptag ahte in the
county) when he applied theaerins "bully or bravo of a gam-
bling.houser-
Mr. Kenrick repeated that he certainly did, and meant now
to say that lie had been the bully or bravo of a gambling house.
He had heard so, and believed the information he had received.
tittr.:Clawford started with aotne intlignatiati,-and showed, by
his manner, that the stateinent was incorrect.!
Cresa-examination resumed-=I know that Air. Crawford is a
mighterute afahe county, and has been so for many years. I
tlitlamot groan at Mr:' Crawfbrd, nor bark at him like'a dog. I
did•not say to him " Bowl wow ! wow haie not the
least recollection of it. • Very, likely I Might haye said so., I
will not ifWearthat Mr:' Crawford did not threaten to turn me
out of'the ream, until be had appealed three• dines to Mr.
Burgess for protection. I did net'appear earns, a witness, for, Beale.
Verosi-examined the whiles-Bes: •• I did not say that 1 would
apply tiara mandamus against Alt. Crawford: ..L said I meant
toapply for a,c,riminat information. When 11r. Crawford left
the room, after striking Me, I desired a' constable to take him •
into custody. He immediately said, " come back wil-
lingly.:" He said to me, ," Don't come near me," and put
himself in a lighting attitude: lie squared his arms, but was
then at a distance from me. 'To the best of my recollection I
did not cry out, when Alr. Crawford was leaving the room,
" Stop that. Headley-heath. informer." I might -have said,
" Stop - that blackguard infornier." but I did not say
" Headley-heath." I ' don't recollect calling him a . base
informer. I did call him an "impertinent Officious informer,"
and I did not say, " You are here, William Crawfurd, qui
tam." The expression qui tam was used, I believe, in the
course of the day: I have no recollection of .Mr. Burgess
having interfered in -any way; and I confess I was surprised
he did not. I have, no recollection of his having desired me
not to insult Mr. Crawford. I don't recollect Mr: CraWford
taking up his bat and saying, I am treated in this way,
I must leave the room." I never saw him attempt or offer to
leave the room.
111 r. George Morrison, clerk to the 'magistrates, said he was
present on the day in question. As soon as the information
'was read, Mr. Crawford addressed the presiding magistrate,
and said,.. that some , personal altercation having taken. place
between Mr. Kenrick And-himself on a 'former exarnination,
he should on this occasion carefully abstain from saying any
thing personally towards Mr. 'Keurick, and he hoped that
Mr. Kenrick would act in the same manner towards him.
self. The businesti :then 'prodeeiled. In the course of the
examination, Mr. Kenrick invariably 'peke of Mr. Craw-
ford as " the informer." Mr. Kenrick objected to the
Justices hearing the information until it was shown that
the summons was served within three months from
the -clay when the offence was laid. The Magistrates over-
ruled the objection. Mr. Crawford looked at witness, and,
smiling, said to witness; " Never Mind, we will prove the
summons; it is a pettifbgging-laWyer objection. .This was
certainly said in Mr. Kenrick's hearing. ' After some time had
elapsed, Mr,. Crawford complained to the Justices that. Mr.
Kenrick did not treat him like a gentleman, and lie rose with
jan intention of leaving time room. Mr. Kenrick said, " The
spawn of a gambling-house is to be treated like the spawn of
a gambling-house--a gentleman-is to be treated like-a gentle-
man. You are %Villitint- Crawford, qui tam, and as such I
will treat you." Mr. Crawford was very much agitated, and
asked Alr. ,Kenrick if he, -meant to apply that personally to
him? j Mr. ..Kenrick said, ".If the cap fits you, put it on."
repeated this. Mr..Kenrick said—" 1 don t apply. it
•to you, but if the _cap fits, you may put it on." -The Ma-
gistrate observed that such ailiuSioni must not be made, but
that the' business must proceed. No conviction took place
on the first . information. Diming the second, the proceed-
ings were not conducted very. quietly. 'the business did
not finish till peat: five. Twd hours intervened between the
hearing of the first and the second informations. After time
business was over,: Mr: Kenrick 'went_ out of the room to
look for his servant, and came. back again, anti began put-
ting
then entered
his `papers. Mr. Crawford, wholiatl also been out,
then entered the rooniattain,' and *walked up to Mr. Kenrick,
and spoke to WWI in a aeactone of, voice. Witnessavas then
writing, and .heard Mr. henrick.use the word " impertinent"
to Mr. Crawford rimon which Mr. Crawford said. " Then
take that, yeti, c,owartl, :and with his fist struck Mi. Kenrick a
blow on theaide of the face. lie fell back against the-chimney-
piece. 111r.Crawford- left the room-nimbly, but came back
again directly, and said to Mr. Burgess," 1 am quite at your
dispose', Sir,"
Cross-exernined. by -Mr: Trigs-min.—Mr. Crawford is an
acting Magistrate ibr the County of Surrey, and resides on his
,estate near Reigate; -throughout. the whole proceeding there
was great warmth on Mr. Kenriek's part; Mr. Crawford acted
with great forbearaimett alifaughout the whole proceeding.—
When AI r. Kenrick was addressing Mr. Burgess, the 'defend- j
ant irregularly interrupted the former, who immediately turned
round to Mr. Crawford, and. said, " Bow, wow, wow
Mr. Crawford never said that if. the Magistrate did not inter-
fere,' he, would take the law into his own--hands. lie did say
that if the Magistrate did not interfere, he :would net be an-
swerable fbr_ the consequences.. When Mr. Kenrick spoke of
Mr. Crawford cum thespawn of a gambling-house, the latter-at-
tempted to take hold of the poker, but he aid not take it up.--
Witness really expected that he would take it up, the expres-
sions used being most particularly offensive to his feelings: This
Was after M r. Kenrick-had called him the spawn of a gambling
house. When MIS Cra*ford left the room, Mr. Kernick called
out" Stop the informer ! stop the informer I"
This wait the case for the prosecution.
Mr. Sergeant Tammy addressed the Jury for the defendant,
and observed, that some: persons were subjected to what lie
called " eclipses of the mind," and to derelictions of Intel-
lect. Such must have been the situation of Mr. Kenrick when
he preferred this prosecution. For what purposes he brought
forward this proceeding, or what advantages he expected to de-
rive tioni its success, was beyond- conpreliension, Mr. Ken-
rick was presently proceeding as a Judge to bold the Great
Session for. North 'd ales, and he (Mr. Sergeant Teddy) hoped
that in the .course of die journey he would forget what
had taken place in this Court;- for if he did not, he would not
be in a fit state of mind to administer justice in that part of
his Majesty's. dominions. Mr. Kenriek's situation before die
Magistrates on the occasion iii question was certainly very am-
biguous. He disclaimed acting as counsel or as judge ; and
he denied that' he- appeared .there 'as a gentle Man. Probably
few who had heard this case would think that he appeared in
the latter. character. Aceardbig to his own allowing; his inter-
ference in the business was officious and improper, inasmuch
as hedisclaimed all characters in which he had a right to inter.
fere. The Learned Counsel- then went through the facts of
the casai and- contended, that the conduct of Mr. Kenrick
tnroughout the transaction was offensive, provoking, and
highly insulting; whilst that of Mr. Crawford was the reverse.
Onerof our poets or versifiers, at the close of the American war,
had composed this couplet : •
" .Burgoype; Clinton, Cornwallis, and Howe, •
13ow, wow, wow." (Much laughter.)
This couplet was justly epplieable to the present indictment, ,
which from first to last was all " Bow; wow, wow." (Consider-
able laughter.).-111 r. Kenrick: had conducted himself in a man-
ner .towards time defendant that no man of any feeling could
bear with common patience. The terms " spawn of a gambling-
liouse,";alle " bravo and bully of a gambling-house,' were the
terms which Mr. Kenrick had repeatedly' applied' to genllc-
man descended from an ancient and noble family in Scotland,
and Who had had the houndi of serving his Majesty in India.
The conduct of Mr. Crawford, on the other hand, was gentle-,
manly and forbearing throughout. Mr. Ketirick affbcted
say that he did not mean in apply these expressions personally
to Mr. Crawford. This _reminded him of the young girl,
who, sitting by the side of her grandmother' and the eat, sattl,
"I wish one of us was dead : I don't Mart you, puss, nor of:
course myself.”—(Alaugh.)—'There could be no doubt, there.
fore, whist Mr...Keiiiick's meaning was. The Learned Sergeant
.put it forcibly to the Jury, whether Mr. Kenriek's sole object
,was not to provoke Mr. Crawford to ii breach of the peace, in
order that he might take advantage of that indignation which
be had roosed.. If the Jury should be of his opinion, he sub:.
misted that the.defendant would be excused of all responaibi-
lity for the act of violence which Mr. Kenrick had
The,prosecutor did not complain of any personal Injury. At
the utmost, the blow was' only an insult; but after the -tiesilij
of insulting conduct which Mr. Kenrick had pertrayed on the
occasion in question, he had no just reason to complain of that
which he had provoked.
111 r. Baron Gitaitase charged the Jury, that in point of lair
they ought to find a verdict against the defendant; althoegh
he confessed that the provocation which the defendant had re-
ceived
wehJaimcuhr;uh,le'atite!td4ed'rACll7l4l:berWetaba'illYaelihdae.isliiaitatit°ionn' ',l°froutnhde atchte"devfienidenaictet
Tu
then addressed the defendant, and eX
p°l:reAlsilsriedphars regn aretit'ittlifeAtmhe should
have
,occasion
to treat a gen-
tlenum, of his known character and respectability as a magis-.
trate, like a criminal. He must say, heweyer, that the provo-
cationhe had received greatly excused 'the breach of 'the public
peace of which he had been fouad guilty. Taking all, the elm.
turomumees-of the Case into contilleratien,' the Court adjudged
should pay to the-Xing a fine of rive' Panos, and
4b' Tha
be then be
adisch

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

BOW-STREET.
Niiiit •
STEALING DEAD BODIES.—Yesterday Thomas Watkins,
alias Williams, Thos. Coles, and Richard Napp, were brought
up for examination before Sir R. BiltNIE and Mr. Misrsuur.r.,
charged on suspicionof stealing the dead body of a man unknown.
It appeared from the statement of son and Guy, two of
the patrol of tilts establishment, t t a little before eight
o'clock on Tuesday eilping, they w e on dufr in Picca.
'dilly, when.' they saw a larti in which Vere the%ttrft prig I,
goners, stop near the White-horse Cell , and' themisoner
Watkins get out and call a hackney-coach. When the coach
drew up to the pavement, Watkins had a hamper handed to
him from the cart, and endeavoured to it: get into the coach,
but the door was not wide enough, and he returned it back to
tiw cart. The officers thought all this suspicious, and conceiv-
Mg that the hamper contained stolen property, Wilson accosted
Watkins, and asked him what lie had got there ? Watkins,
at first, . evaded the question, bnt upon Wilson saying that
he must examine the hamper, he said at once that he Juld got
" a subject." which he had been employed to procure for sir
‘Nstley. .Cooper,,to whom lie, was then going to take it in the
Borbugh. The officers then took the three into custody, and
on examining the hamper, found it to contain the dead•body .
of a man apparently 80 years of age. at, least. The owe
.guite,naked, and smelt very offensively. The cart haod
the name of the prisoner Coke, who stated to the officers that
Ile had been hired by Watkins and :Kapp-to bring the hamper
to town, from Hammersmith; that he• was to, have 6s. for his
job, and that he knew nothing at all about its contents.
Sir It. BIRNIE—And pray, Mr. Watkins, its you call your.
self, how long have you one by. that,name?, •
Watkins-01i ! a long time.
Sir R. Brustz —You have gone by another name, I think,
have you not ? • . ' •.. :. ... ..
Watkins—No, I believe not.
Sir R. BtaxiE—Yes, you have—have you not gone by
another name, beginning with a IV—William, I mean ?
Watkins.—l believe I did once go by that name..
Sir R. litaNtx.—Ay, that was the last time you were here,
you know.
Upon reference to one of' the journals of the office, it was
found that the prisoner wall committed on the 23001, of March
last, for stealing a dead body, and aftex,wartle convieted, and
sentenced to six months' imprisonment. He then passed in the
name of Williams.
Vatkins, when 'asked if he had any thing to say, stiste(l„
that he was employed by two gentlemen of the faculty to pro-
cure this particular subject, and it would be folly today. it.
Napp said that he was a carrier, and that on:AKIO:14n
Rhea
ing, about six o'clock, he was coming through Slough, whe
he saw the prisoner Watkins sitting on the humors by theroau
side.. The latter .asked him what he would bring .it towar,tls
town as far as he came for, and he replied "
htf--crow' '—
This was agreed upon, any he (Napp) broug the hamper as
far as Hammersmith, where his horse and cart stopped,- slut at
the desire of Watkins he applied to _Coles, who also owned so
horse and cart,. to.bring it the remainder oldie distance.
e..
Coles told the same story as far as he was concerned. Ile d
elated he- was as innocent as a baby. For his part; he lit
the hamper contained wine, .
Wilson, the constable, said he thongbt it very improbable
that either of the prisoners could be ignorant of the contents 'cif
the hamper, as the smell from the body was extremely strong.
Mr. Miami u Lt. said, he would, at all events, teach NsPP
and Coles that it was necessary to be extremely cautious InS tat
What:they took up on the road. They must find bail. As to
Watkins, he must find sureties for his appearance at: the set
sions, himself in 1001., and two other persons in 501. each, soa.
give 24 hours notice. -- -
- MA RYI.EBONE-OVEICE.
CostronTs or Mawnistory.--Yesterday Sarah White,
a miserable-looking woman, was charged. by her husband with
robbing him of h'* watch and eight sovereigns.' The .cisin•
plainant, although reminded by the Magistrate that the law
slid not recognizeany such offence as that of a wife robbing
her husband, persisted in relating his story. •Ile stated -the
.prisoner had frequently. left his house without any cause witst-
ever, and at each time she carried away with her whatever she
could lay her hands Upon ; and this delinquency, he was
sorry to say, originated in an unfortunate propensity or drink.
ing, which she indulged in to such excess that she was ofteli
seen in the most beastly state of:intoxication in the street; in
short, she did every thing to render his life miserable, and on
Sunday week Jest she absconded with his watch and. eight
Sovereigns, and he never saw her until Tuesday evening, wite3ree
she was exceedingly shabby and filthy; and had only- thd.--'
sovereigns left. The. watch she admitted having pawne
The complainant had scarcely concluded his statement -w.ibto,'
she exclaimed in a shrill and harsh voice, " You may sok FY
tob—ht-:-luie.
l. Yea c.rtn't touch me. I know the law, if I den 4
The Magistrate.regretted that he could not afibrd Mtn s..AnY
assistance. The three sovereigns were returned, and he (11-14"'
the office with a heavy sigh. .
Another instance of the COAIFORTS of MATItIatOSTY fol.`
lOwed.immediately.ifter.. ;A fernele named Ralph
named Kenyon; who by the way had been, dew:eat:lY hell'it
were brought by the husband. of Ralph to this office, chola, e.,_
charged with having improperly obtruded himself into nts
(Ralph's) apartment. an entire
Ralph, in it-violent rage, stated that Kenyon one ,„. to hie,
stranger to him, and on Tuesday evening he can "6"w—hen• sr
lodgings? in 'Warren-street, rather earlier than usual,
...ith his
found him Oiling in his room upon very Tod relied, w
"Ulf t
wife. He asked him what he wanted there"? Digit. Die wit.
I only called for some books I lent .to Mrs.- en on was
nest, having heard of his wife's infidelity. and that
in the haltitof visiting her when lie was absent, he imme
___,
attacked hint, thinking he was justified in inflicting sumra,-4
punishment. He was co vtred with bruises.: -Witness I's
and a man,
them both 'in charge to the watchman.
Mrs. Simpson, a lodger in the house, proved that she 1144
seen,peculisir familiarities between die prisoners.
Kenyon complained Of the beating he had received,
nied having gone there for any other purpose than that of Tea
ceiving his lasiks. and
TM
Ralph produced the books, (a volume of The Non). a
Ilistory of the dog's. Meat Man.)
His wife said nothing..
Mr. Gerry. rrus told Kenyon he richly deserved the beating
he had received, and conuuitted him in default of bail Or lOs
unlawful intrusion. .
Tile woman was discharge&—Lltalph declared he would iltis
fora divorce. and de.

MARLBOROUGH-STREET.
A qarctt.Ecrte RELlC.—Xesterday an old woman, of the.
name of Austin; was brought up on suspicion of having stoln'
a superb horse pistol, richly inlaid with massy silver, stales'
embossed, and whish, from an inscription, was soPlo
to belong formerly to the Emperor Nepoleon.
The officers stated, that on Tuesday evening, s.S 00' sere
passing clown Stanhope-street( they observed the_ feinitio. sand,
ing at the door of W. Peel, Esq., and" showing from '7'l37'
her cloke the muzalaof ttzr.tperl, pistol to two gentletnen.-o'eterfr.
sidering that she could not be the right possessor .of thOlitctl.
induced to go and search her, azid, front the opposiion
she made, to detain her. They afterwards made intpriri" 150,
neighbourhood, when they found that ut one•plaeosbe "De-
guineas for it, and at another place.only 23 guineas.
cc
it lert44 .thAeups itto, itn.r 0
niet lisliyi:.t
no
rtylt,eac h u r charms
pawnbroker.old tihna tsst.hisiletlriitalt.(eutzr.f
lane, to sell; and she would inform the .'stagits history :—During the periOd. when the Emperor Iscali
poleon and the Bing of Prussia were bound to each
other by alliance, his Prussian Majesty made a Pre:4 .4
oast*
'a memento.
i.tit4qtiieasdtioitn
with
hNhaipm:Anetotith,ewho kept the Poiw'
and upon his exile-to St. Helena it formed abpalL:teouffgPlecirlill
private property. Previous to his death the Emperor tinstiew
present of it to one.of his attendants, who afterwards gave
tt
an English gentleman, at the time resident on the island; fruP;
whom it passed to Mr. Dry, of St. Alartin's-lane. The Istita
gentleman not setting it particular value On the relic, appoint _
her tn dispose of it, end she had accordingly been to a nurtibe_i_
of noblemen and gentletnen with it, to endeavour to find a ',Tr_
should have
hilainlvi"tehrtilti‘otv.c.ptier °ornifl the
e‘ was the Dvoiutfik!lar°glipfuiDniehasegetY:nnirlit,jaidrselitree'twtiPellit
•
whilst
3.sbPleeerc:itrifnbegretluilt:i3atc,heaa,:tititakaheigthfliwteeraso. ohtf4eirikti,rlinsghwet°w"last:s7dOFi'itin:
reign for her
Ir.'CoN'Aivr. troub
exlepressea his .s surprise that arr. should
authorise her to sell so valuable an article as dte late ErilP.`
for
Nripoleciree p son'
istol ; and to be satisfied on this point he at.
Mr. Dry. :shout one o'clock a gentleman from Mr. Moo
wteitildeehd,a
htahadtbrothueghptistforol
.front
tsidt,. ireleon.°4l,laneragslllLch:
forMerly beloogegt to Napolt,:on, Mr. Dry reCCiVtihn ex
for 'a variety of articles. sway
The PiAtOl N/LI9 now produced, which the "nAttstio•
said' was the same article which had been given to Mrs.
observed
Unfortunately, however, a slight mistake, which! turf °,:ortielo
Upon the Oistal, caused us to doubt as to the.authenticitYl,"rioja'a
unit which certainly, went to prove that the King ff,,,,,:%-natiley:'
engraver had not been lathe habit of spelling NoPme-- weir
as upon a plate, of silver_ gilt was eniquved.....4ll.lll, •
Nepolean,"7 " )
Pei) t,t)
Mr. CaITANT observed that he was perfectly iiat,is
Mrs.. Austin had not come dinestly. by the ortit:te, thot
t tie
would therefore discharge her at the same thus .0* oleo,
that if another measure tbr, the sale of the article:WO
it would be eetially.as welt." ' • tit: Pawn"
The relic ot the late Emperor was then given up to -
broker, and the parties left the office,

1

MASONIC NOTICES FOR NEXT WEEK.

ENGLAND.

llouday, 31arc1i 20, LONDON. Nos. 1, 8,15,22, 75,104,
47, 284, 293, 308, 319.
Co UNTR.V. Nos. 20, 72, 97; 102, 219,
• 238, 311, 368, 423, 425,
437, 455, 509, 510, 521,
•
524, 541, 552; 553, 558,
583, 643, 710.
Tuesday, - 21, Loarnox. Nos. 42, 266,. 281, 285,
r 309, 316, 477,, 592.
Cot:N.I.IIY . Nos. 127, 151, 167, 170,
184, 199, 385,;471,' 407,
501, 528,' 532,1544,, 551,
579, 649.
\Wednesday, -.22, Log DON. No. 2.
Court's:a*. NOR. 54, 84, 121, 126,
129, 164, 215, 291, 314,
400, 414, 440, 442, 468,
472, 478, 537; 548, 563,
577, 600, 661, 690, 705.
Thursday, 23, , 1 ONDOW. Nos. 82, 92, 142, 150,
• ' 216, 481: House Corn.
Pens. Sch. at 11.
CouNTnY. Nos. 45. 48, 51, 57, 70,
153, 178, 243, 269, 394,
420, 461, 483, 506, 518,
545, 556, 560, 586, 587,
670 679 717.
rritlay, ---. 24, iVAIDox.
.
• •

uN rn Y. NOS. 283, 533.
25, LOIDON. • • •
CouNTRy. Nos. 358, 412, 482,

PARLIAMENTARY PROCEEDINGS.

nousE car, QpiviONs.—,crnis DAY).

NOTIVS OF MOTIONS.
1. Mr. Goulburn—Bill'toNmend the Laws relating to Manor
Courts in Ireland.
Lord Archibald Hamilton—Motion for Copy of the Crown
• Wairant in the case of the Burgh of Pittenweem.
3. Mt. Wynn—:Bill to suspend so much of the At 53 Geo. 111.
C. 155, as requires persons going to India as Writeis to have
kept ?our, Terms at College.
4..31r. Martin (of Ualway)—Bill to authorise, under certain.
circumstances, the Judge before whom any perion cnnvicted
of Forgery shall have been tried, to substitute the sentence
therein mentioned, instead of the sentence of death.
5. Sir John Newport--St.tte of the First Fruit Fund (Ireland),
with a view to render it more effectual.
6. Jr. Chancellor of the Exchequer—Select Committee to in.
quire into the Banking Systems of Scotland and Ireland, And
the expediency of extending' the 'Principle of the Promissory
' Notes Bill to Scotland and Ireland. •
7. Mr. liume,....Returns from the Dean and Chapter of AVest-
tuinster of Sums collected from Visitors, and the Number of
Visitnrildmitted, during the fait five years, to see West-
minster Abbey. •

ORDERS OF THE DAY.
1. Cruel Treatment of Cattle Bill—Second reading.
2. Silk Duties Act (Geo. IV. c.'3.)—RePort.thereupon.
Debtor and Creditor Arrangement Bill--Further considers-
•ticut of Report. •
4. Bank Charter Amendment Bill--7Conomittee.
a. King's Inns (Dublin) Bill—Report.
6. Supply—Report.
_7. Fisheries Bill—Report.
Prison ExpenCes•(lreland)—Report thereupon.
J. Relief of Insolvent Debtor* Bill—Second reading. '

lattlCE OF STOCKS TIIIS
1-' flank Stock
' 3 per Cent. Red.
q
. per Cent. Cuns.
44 per Cent.
ei. ‘Ditto Red. shut
% 4 I)er Cent. New 951 i 8i 51.6
11. Hank bong Annt„r„.
India Stock ~.. shut
Ditto Bonds, 4p. c. 2 g. pm.
South Sea Stock

t)4 V AT ON;E:
Old' Annuities
New Ditto 7B
Ex.llills 10001. 2d.... 5 4 pm.
Ditto 500/.2d. i (I pm.
Ditto Small 2d.
Ditto. Advertised
Bank for Acct.
India for Acct.
Cons. for Atct: 78 7i 8i 7i a

pittcrs OF FOREIGN pi
Austrian' Bda, b per cent
-11raailian Lids
Buenos Ayres Bds
lids 6 per cent —
Colointlian Bits
Do. 1824 47iii 8 743
Danish, 3 per cent 5441
Greek Rds
Do. 180
(3uatitnala
51 exican Ilds. 5 p. c.
1)o. NO, 6 p. c.

Will AT ONE o'cLocK.
Neapiditan, 182.4
Peruvian Minds s "32
Portuguese Bonds'
Prummian, A per cent.
Ditto Ne*
itussiali, New, bp.c .. 781 i
Spanish MI. p.
64
French Itentes, 3'p. —c.
Exchange —e.
3 p. C.
7y,xchinge

PRICES OE SILARES A r ONE O'CLOCK. ,
Per Share.

Anigialifaxican Mining Company
British Iron company •
Tlalptixahtta Mining Company •••
United Mexican Mining Company
Ditto New
Canal Gas Engine Company • •

ro n VIGN MAILS.

Guernsey and Jersey
Gottenburgh
Prince

MIRIVED.

13. 14
6 60
, 10
'l3, I
••

110 r.
0
0

1(111 IVA TER AT LON DON 111t1D0 ra• TO-5101111 0 W.
""ruing. 42-minutes after 7. I Evening, 13 minutes after 8.

riniE SUN.

"OLEN QUIS DICERE F4LSUM,I(II)I 47.2

LONDON,
THURSDAY .ITVp7N,ING, MARC!! IF►. 1026.

It is said that letters from St. Petersburgh are
in town, hi which it: is asserted that the Emperor
NICHOLAS having come to a resolution of main-
•
taming peace, had already begun to reduce the
military establishment. Some Regiments of
Cavitlfy are said to have been already disbanded.

The fillgoneine Zeitung of the 9th instant,
received this morning, contains an interesting
communication from Elberfeldt, on' the sub.
jact of the Rhenish West Indio. Com.
-Tally, whose affairs are represented to be
•=eminently prosperous. There has been an in-
ie!reaso of both capital, and dividend. Oue thou-
-sand additional shares were taken off at par, tin-

mediate!), ou,their being offered 'to the public,
end a further-number of 1000, subsequently
-offered, at a premium of 5 per Cent. It is stated,
that in. consequence of the decided preference
conceded to France by, Hayti, the Company
No come to the resolution of relinquishing
the establishment at Port au Prince. The
Partiality thus manifested to France, will
materially retard that expansion of commerce,
Which from her productions and position, Hayti
.is BO admirably calculated to obtain under a sys.
lenl Of Free Trade ; anti it' will not excite Bur-
rise if, et no very remote period, a more. Übe,
sal species of commercial intercourse should,
lu spite of the late' treety, be insisted upon

by the Baytieo Government. 181exico ap-
pears to •be the point which now principally
attracts the attention of this Company,
from the greatly.increased consumption of Ger-
man manufactures, that, has been felt since the

arrival of numerous bodies of German Millers in

. .
that couptry,, An establishment has been formed
by the Company at Hamburg!), from whence a

vessel is about to be dispatched ‘,4 ith a car4o of

German manufactures for Sincapore, tlestinutl far

the. markets of India and China., The importance

of this comparatively new settlement, appears to
be fully appreciated. Sincapore otters a splen-

did instance of what may be atchieved by

commerce, when freed frOm all restraint. 10 1819

the establishment was founded, with a population

not exceeding 150 inhabitants. In the short space

of even three mouths, it rose to 3,000; in 18c20,

it had increased to 5,000; in 1821, to 10,000 ; iii

18'24, te 30,000 ; and 18'25 it had attained a popu-
lation of 50,000 souls—an increase, perhaps, un-

parallel(' in the records of civilization.

Th'ut

its commerce has egperienced a proportionate
increase, will not be doubted, for com-
merce could alone produce so marvellous an
increase of population. In 1824, the aggregate
of commodities in transit at Sincupere, amounted

to no less than twenty millions of dollars

Concurring' in opinion with the Author of this

StAtement, that " the trade with the East is int.
menu)," we cannot refrain from noticing the

inflexible and pertinacious obstinacy with which
our East India Company so long resisted the
participation of our Merchants, h► a trade which

opens the most valuable source of r.unyuuiption
for British manufactures, tl►at has yet been
known. The populatiou, of Asia, surpashing as it

does, that of any other part of the globe, is mani-
festly a resource, but for which, the vfork.o/01)s
of Great Pritain „mid not. find ,conswriptios for

their hourly increasing productiong.

VIXNNA, MARCH .1.

It is understood that his Royal Highness Prince Leopold of
Sicily will leave this city on the 4th April, with his consort the
Archduchess Clementine, to return to Naples.
Metalliqucs, 811. 9-10.—Bank Shares, 1077.
ELnxitrEta), l' Ell. 25.
Yesterday was the Meeting. of ,the Board of Pinftpre of the
Rhenish. W India Company, in which the `Sub-Director,
.111. Becker, Laid before the Meeting a very long statement of
the affairs of the Company. The following are Some of the
most interesting facts contained in this statement. To a fund
ofa million of dollars, which the Company possessed in 1825, for
the sale of 2000 Shares, is tocbe added a surplus'of 25,000 dol.

lara,after
.payment
,of ;ill the expeheea wit.l interest ;' whiel

25,000 dollars the Ward propose to employ as follows, viz.
20,000 dollars for an extra dividend of 2 per cent., and 5,000
to form a reserve fund,' which is to be increased in the 'pro-,
portion of future dividends, and is intended to toyer possible
losses. The consignments of the Company increase every
year ; last year the value of goods exported war nearly double
what it was the preceding year, and amoumea on the whole to
1,737,1360 Prussian dollars._ The solidity of the Company be-
ing now publicly recognised, it is to be hoped that Itencefor-

ward consignments will be made to it in preft;rence. The
increase of the capital was, therefore, necessary, and was an
well approved of by the first shareholders, that the 1,000 shares
offered them at par were immediately disposed of, and many
of the fourth and last 1,000 were taken at a premium of .5 per
cent.. The increase of the' business of the Company has in-
duced them to open an establishthent at liamburgh. By the
treaty between France and Ilayti such great advantages are
secured to the French trade, that the Germans will not be able
to compete with Prance, and it is therefore resolved to give up
the Company's establishment at Port-au-Prince. The last
accounts from Mexico are more favourable than any be-
fore received. The internal affairs of the Country are
becoming more settled, civilization and the fret deve-
lopment of its immense resources, make' a rapid pro-
gress. The consumption of German manufactures has
_gained extremely by the arrival of mining operations in
Mexico, ,and the intercourse with that interesting country be-
comes daily more important and Valuable. The news front
Buenos Ayres is to 21st November. War with Brazil had;
broken out, and Buenos Ayres was threatened with a blockade..
The Company's two ships,-. on their voyage to'that port, are'
however insured against all risk; and it is hoped that peace!
will soon be restored, as England and North America arc so
much interested in it,: The deliverance of Peru has had a fa.'
vourable effect on trade, and it is intended to have an establish.
ment at Lima. On the Ist May a vessel of the Company's will
sail from Ilamburgh with .a cargo of German produce
and manufactures for India and China. Its immediate destina-
tion is Sincapore, the free port of which has prospered in an un-
paralleled manner. 'ln 1819, when it wits established, there
were only 150 inhabitants: in three months there were 3,000 ;
in 1820, 5,000; in .1821, 10,000 ; in 1824, 30,000 ; and in
1025, 50,000. The commerce, according tti official statements,
has increased in proportion : the value of it was, in 1821, eight
millions and u half of dollars; and, in 1024, 20 millions. The
trade with the. East is indeed immense. Thus England an-
nually imports into the port of Canton alone woollen goods to
the value of about seven millions of dollars;•Germany requires
a greater market for its manufactures beyond 'sea, and
the, Company's exertions will be constantly directed ti,
it. Every, million that foreign countries pay for Ger-
man goods, employs, on a moderate estimate, 3,000
workmen all the year round, and this gives support to 20,000
souls; a sufficient proof that the thousand's of dollars put into
circulation by the dealings in the manufactures and produce of
the country, are productive of more good to the country than
the millions circulated in Stock.jobbing.—f Adgenzoinc 'Zei-
lung, March 9.) •

The Duke of WELLINaToN arrived at Riga on
the 27th ult. He was proceeding to the Russian
Capital, where he was expected on the td inst.
Ills MAI ESTII !►us been graciously pleased to
appoint Rontur Hottsrotto, Esq., of the Middle
Temple, to be his Majpsty's Solicitor and Pm.
curator-General for the Islands of Antigua and
Montserrat.

THE -FUNDS.
Consols Closed yesterday
, `ll fter thQ. Close_

"ii

This morning opened

M •

• An opinion prevails, that the Bank, of England,
so far from being in present want of cash, is noW
labouring under a plethora of the precious metalP,
from the geld and silver daily landed in the poitt
of Londdn.
Confidence, it would seem, is so far suspended
on the Continent, that there is a scarcity of Bills,
and remittances can, therefore, be made only in
Coin, or Bullion.
The market opened this morning; with Con-
sols at 78, and shortly afterwards they were done
at 774. The pikes then advanced. to 78,!'/
buyers, and 110(1141 business was effected at 78:.

•At o,clock 'the price had receded to 78--
buyers. It' is supposed, that as the Bank toe not
pressing with Government for -repayment of
their advances on Exchequer Bills, the Loan
will not come out till Julie.
3 per Cent. Consols (Money)
Ditto (Account)

711.
- 7U.
a WG.
- 2-3 pin. .

New 4 per Cent,
India Bonds .
Exchequer Bills, £lOOO-5 4,pm.
• .C5Oll-6 6 pm.
.4100-8 4 pm.

FORF,ION.
Very little business in the Foreign Market, but
prices a shade better than yesterday.

Colombian (189,4),474; Mexican 6 per Cent.,
63-4-; Danish, 5.14 ; Greek, 18; Peruvian, 32;
Spanish, 101 ; Russian Bonds, 78.
