PICTLI4L4ING-OF.FICZ.

)stn. 27, 1809.
Ii E COMMISSIOIVERSfor riCTUALLING'
ilis 111.47ESTY's NAVY do hereby give Notice, That
on Thursday, the gib of Fehr "tiny next, at eleven o'cloe4. pree;tety
In the forenoon, they will he ready to tell, to the highest, ilddet,
at hit Woo's, "Walling Premises, at Deptford, aundly L. '
0,1'1.6e/441441,g Provixions and Pielaalling Store:, viz. Bread,
Bread Dust, Flour, Flour Sweepings, Raisins, currants,
Rico, Pease, Pease Screenings, Oatmeal, Oatmeal Sweep,
ings, 13akehonse Sweepings, Dull, Calasances, Stock ,
Bags and Rags, Rice Bags, Corn Sacks, Corn Bags, Beet;
Suet, Pork, Packing and other Scraps, Sweepings, Tierces,
New Board and Douplet Nods, Iron Hoops, broken, bent and
in faggots, Worn-out Coopers Tools, a quantity a Vire
IVood, Rivpt 13ags, ,Butter,, Butter Crease;
Slush and Scrapings, Cheese, damaged Sugar, 'White ltopr,
Worn-out and Tarred Rope, tying in his Majesty's 1/41galling
Premise: at Deptford. •

:., A Deptu'it: of zq. itrr rest. h to be made spots tie axt:tr~tt of
taco 1.4 at the ; and 1/ the tmaindft•-cf'ils. wpm"
be not paid, and the particklarr taken away, w;tbia twenty work.
ittg dot afitrWards, D:posit will le jojeited,,and t/.e Uonds
remain tbe prpprfy of din 0'62441.4 , .

The other Conditirmt may he teen. #nd Pt holed Catalagues may
he had at the &treaty's Vier.

,OFFIG•E OF ORDAVANCR,

ran, z;, Igc 9.
T' PRINCIPAL OFFICERS sf' 41,411.'
.YESTY's ORD
.N.4,NGili do -hereby give Nolice,
Propotalt will 6e received at their Office, in, Pali Nail, o't or be.
fete IPednetelly the 15th Day of Fehruaty next, from such l'rr.
ton; at may he willing to undertake the supply of lIAI ft
lIROOIIIS, lIRUSIi ES, acid MOPS, for rervic4ql 11,4 M.,.
',ailment, for a period of Three Years, thlugh Tendert fer the
en taing Six llionthr only will he considered.

Patton: of the Articles may he viewed upset 4Pplication at the
• Principal Storekeeper's Office in tie Tower, "shoe further parti-
cular:, together with the Term* and Conditions of the Contrail,
may be known, and also at the Secretaty'r Office, in
aforesaid, my Day baween the hours of 7'en and Four o'Cloei,whers
alto the Proposals must he delivered, sealed op and indorsed,'
••• Proposals for Hair Brooms, &c." but no &local can .ie
adth'ited after the sail I stir Day of February, at Twelve o'Cioeh
at moon of th,.. same day ; neither lola any Tender he noticed unless
`the Party making it, or an Agent in bit behalf, shall attend.
By Order of the Board,
..•
•R. H. CREW, .S'etretary.

MISS HILL'S NOVEL.
This Day was published.
• In Three V olumes, price tis in boards.
,TTiE FOREST of COMALVA.r..A. NOVEL.
Containing Sketches of Portugal and Spain, and Part
of France. •
Printed for It. Phillips, Na. 6, Bridge-street,•Blackfriars,
London.

THE MONTHLY ARMY LIST.
Price only One Shilling,
THE Army nod the Public are respeeleullY in-
formed, that the MONTHLY ARMY LIST Whicrt
was ot,t,ii)hed on the ist instant, will as iitapl, alaexclu,
Lively. contain the., exii6l Quarters of the whale Army at
flame and Abroad. together with a correct flan of the Hat.
hour of Continue and the Scitc of the late P.pgaquients.
After the wretched Mislay matte by %gine Clerks in
the War Mice to divert the patronage it tine Army and tie
Public from an old established and universally recognised
Wort:,, it would be trifling to insist formaliy oti the untival.
led pretensions of this original publicLtion. 'Every person
who, has compared the two Lists must have beet, struck with
the countless errors and palpable blunders contained in a
Work pretending to an °Metal charaaer, end whiCh eerteinty
Nusestieg jp) (Alm claim to the notice uf the Public than fto;ii
,
its having impudently .piritted the exact Title 1'..44 :wit
kin) of an origtoril and independent %York.
Tne genuine and original Menthly i List in .v ths
month be distinguished trout the sit:Mous on by its i'lan of
emuniii, and at all tiirrzs by its colitaitiaig the entire
exact. QttAitati Of the whole Army; a future of A Monthly
Arniy List which constitutes its chief
London, an. xer, 1809..

SCRIPTURE BIOCR4PHY.,
Two New
Tlik Day were published', two E`EttioriS, one printed in Svo.
in a laKii And clear Ty pe, lilt Families, price Ll*.
and lettered, and another Maio. With plates, tot tile ii*e
. c,r school*, price es. hothicl,
SC:RIF/141E t3TOGIIAPIVt; or, Lives cd the
Principal 'SACRED CtiARACI ERS r.eyordert iif t:na
Id and New Testament, ihleilper*o.l wire) mood di),4
gious Observations and 'Reflections,
by the Rev. jUIIN..WATKI NS, LLD.
A tailor at the Biographical Diclion.iry, stic.
The rapid s.,te of a way bye edition this work, ti e
general approbiktiou with whtOt it has been honoured, ond
lIS intr Auction into many consiticuible scholia, have 111(.144C4
the Author tu, print the tiew itditiort in two stats,, to artiarge
and improve it and t, ndd the idditiohal charac.
tern of the AlR:talcs Peter and Paul.
Printed for Richard Phillips, 6, ItriJge.street; sold, by ty,
Petty,- and Bryce alai Co. Ldi Iburgh ; try M, 4tene, Dalia
lin, anti hy all other lloOks 16444.

Of whbal tray be hot, by the SA,TIC Author,
-,rhe Universal Llivarilisof Art fusty: Dittnanary priest
AA. in

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF COIyMOAS:
64TURDAY, FEB. 4.

The.SacarrAmr r WAR presented the Letter
from Mr. Pearse, the army clothier, moved for some
days ago by Mr. H. THORNTON'.
Mr. WHARTON brotight 9p the Report of the
Committee of Supply of yesterday, which wasp
agreed to, and the Committee ordered to sit again
on Monday.

Mr.. HUSKISSON gave notice that he should, in 3
Committee of 'Ways and Means, on Monday, move
for the usual Annual EstimateS.

On the motion of Mr. Husxtss6N, it was ordered
that Nlr. Pugh and Colonel Tamer do- attend the
Conutittee of the whole House, on Monday, to give
evidence on the charges exhibited against his Royal
Highness the Duke of York.—Adjourned. ,

MAT LS.
Aitutctct►:c Dublin, 3 Waterford. Dort— to Gottenburpfb,
t Watertord.

PRICE OF STOCKS
THIS DAY AT rweLv r. O'CLOCK.
CoI,AL, • • • 66 a ltcd. Ann. - 67

TIT E SUN.

IiOLSA4 QUtS DICRRR FALSUM AUDZAT?

LONDON,
AIONDAY, rEliituAitY 6, 1809.

We regret that we are still linable to communicate
to our Readers any intelligence of a recent date from
the South of Spain, .but we have every reason to
believe that the reports' w hich have been so industri-
otisly circulated, that the Government of this Coun-
try, considering the Spanish cause as hopeless, did not
intend to send any furtherassistance to the Spaniards,
are totally destitute of foundation. A very consider-
able number of troops were embarked. at Plymouth
last week; but the' weather became so tempestuous,
that it was found absolutely necessary to suspend the
embarkation.

It has also been stated, but without anyautho-
rity, that the Transports which lately returned from
Spain have been all discharged. We have no doubt
that it is the intention of Ministers, as it certainly
is the wish of the Country, that every possible as-
sistance should ' be given to the glorious cause in
which the Spaniards are'engaged, as long as there
remains any hope of ittultiri,ate success.
Our Readers will find in our Latter from Cork,' an
account of the ar6yl of two of the Transports that
hailed with Gen. SITEIMOKE'S Expedition. We have
received no further accounts respecting the remainder
of the Expedition.

A vessel has arrived at Plymouth,' from Lisbon,
which place she left on the 28th ult. at which time
there had bet.n no account of the entrance of the.
French into Poriugll.'

. Wi thii morning, received Gibraltar Papers to
the 14th ult. The 101104 log are their contents
Don JUAN ANTONIO •DETIVALLER, Marquis of
Villel, Count de Darmos, Member of the Supreme
'Bard of Government of the Kingdoms of Spain and
the Indies, ,&c. &c. &c. has issued the following
rioclatnation

" Inhabitants of Cadi4, your safety and defence
have called for the whole attention of Government.
.treachorous and corrupt Commapder. wanted to.
101 and deliver up the Kingdom to the Enemy, but
the vigilance of Oat' gnprerne &gird ot.Government
of the Kingdom has averted that Calamity, and his
perfdious rnachindtiont have only served to make ,
the traitor known, and to sink him into the mire .

of his infamy.
" Be without uneasiness,, loyal inhabitants of
Cadiz, . Gut'ernment watches over you—Chiefs of
tindaunted patriotiim at`your head, and a Member
of the Supreme Board incessantly 'occupied in pro..
trioting your welfare and happiness, are the gua-
rantees which his Majesty offers you against the
intrigues of the atrocious' N10'014161. What re
mains for you to. do, inhabitants of Cadiz ?---No-
thing but to cooperate with the sound intentions of
Government. Your zeal, in favour of the State has
Ili all time been conspicuous c in adverse as in pros.
p2rous circumstances, the Merchants of Cadiz have

er been the first to display their generosity, what.
May, not, therefore, be., expe&ed from • thebe mer.
chants at the critical moment when their own exist-
ence is endangered ?
" Nobody knows better than you that freedom is
the soul of. mercantile industry. Turn your-eyes to
France, compare what she is to what she was, and
infer' the fate 'that awaits you, if the desttudive
genius should sneceed in subduing Spain. Itiliabi-
tants.of Cadiz, this beautiful city, the emporium of
commerce and opulen'ce, You 'would see converted
into a deserted Vitl-age.• To the evira With which every
ether town is threatened, you would see plunder and
the harshest treatment superadded. Your harbours
be left Without shipping, and your store-
houses without goods;' your merchants would de-
sert their houses, and the tears of despair would
prove yourtytly resource. Hesitate not, therefore.

to make fresh sacrifices to your security ; they can •
never be excessive," when it is the independence of
the country that requires them. Let us be free, and
speedily will the rapid flight of commerce, that
spring of public opulence, amplylndemnify you for
the Sacrifices which you Shall gave 'made to the

general defence.—Cadiz, .5111 Jpnuary, 1809.
__ (Signed) " THE MARO,yI VILLFL,
" COUNT pa DARIKUS,"

VALENCIA, Dec. 30..--His Excellency the -Duke
del INIUNTADO has transmitted to the superior Board
of Government a most'satisfaEtory account of a skir-
,
mish between froM 90 to 100 royal carabineers,
and 150 French horse, near Castellejo. The whole
of the enemy's detachment was destroyed, seventeen
men excepted,: whom our brave soldiers brought to
head-quarters in the distri6ls of Catalonia and Cas-
tile, which have been occupied by the French'. All
the men capable of bearing arms have been bound or
manacled, and conclu&ed to the frontier, thence to
be sent to the armies in the North : those modern
Scythians thus adding the Mint horrid slavery to the
barbarops treatment, WhiCh• they iuflid upon their
viaitns.r..(Vaiencia Gazelle.)

Yesterday morning his MasrtsTY, Princesses AU-
GUSTA, SOPHIA, AMELIA, arid MARY, accompanied
by Lady ELY, Generals CARTWRIGHT, and Frrz-
Roy, and Colonel TAYLOR, rode to St. George's
Chapel, and heard Diving Service.
Their MAJESTIES and PRINCESSES are expetled' in
town this day, if the roads are passable; hut it is
probable that they will not, as the waters are again
rising, unless they go, through Ashford, the same
road the Duke of CAMBRIDGE went, on Saturday.
Saturday the Duke of YORK waited on the KING,
and transa6tpd business with him, and in, the.after-
noon returned to Lotidon

We inadvertently copied an extra& from a Morn-
ing Paper of Friday, stating Abet a sufficient quan, ,
tity of ,spherical case-shot, commonly called Shrap-
nell-shot,
had not heea sent with the army into
Spain. This statement we,find to be wholly incor-
reel, and we take, with pleasure, the earliest oppor-
tunity of stating, that a very ample quantity of that
species of ammunition was sent with all the field-
artillery, which accompanied the British armies both
to Spain and Portugal.
Government have received advices from Admiral
COCHRAI,.I2 of a
.gallant attack male on two French
armed letters of marque laden with coloniAl pro
duce, lying • under tl;e
.batteries of .Bay
Guadaloupe, by the barge, boats and pinnace of
.I-Es Majesty's sloop lieureux, commanded by Cap.
lain Corneae, on the 29th of November, at eleven,
The attack was led by Captain Coomm:
who, 'in storming outer and inward forts, which
were, soon carried by the bayonet, unfortunately fell
by a cannon shot. The cans of the batteries were
,spitied, and the two letters of marque taken posses-
sion of by Lieutenant D. LAURENCH, on whom the
command devolved, and who was wounded' in the
ario by a muket ball. tlnfoltunately, for want of a
pilot, the captured vessels grounded as they were
towing oat, On seeing, this, the enemy brought.
down their field:pieces, the heavy tire of which .eoin-
pelled the captors to abandon their prizes. Our loss
was only two_ omen killed, and. Rvo wounded; the
enemy suffered severely. The set Vice has, however,
on. this occasion, to lament the loss of an able and
gallant Commander, in the fall of Captain Coomna.'
Private letters 'from America mention, that an
armed toice, connisting of 601)0 men, under Gene-
ral WILKINSON, with two •Frigates and forty Gun-
boats to co-Operate, had been -stationed at New
Orleans. The ostensible reason assigned for this
assemblement is, that the Spaniards had ipdicated
an
.intention to recover back Louisiana; but there is
some reason' to appielknd, that a revolutionary
position had been Iwo ile,s.ted on the borders nf the
Mississippi, which stgionsly threatened the disinrw-
tion.of that part of tri'EAntetieati Union.—Anorh er
account states the above force to have been assem-
bled in consequence of its being rep:med that Sir G.
PIIEV66V6' EXPOIO6II was 19 enter the Mississippi,
the navigation of that river being, by the Bth article
of the Treaty of Peace, declared to be free and open,
to the slabjecis of Great &oak).

The Warren Hastings,• True Briton, Satleby Car
tle, Lord Melville, Cumberland and Aeptuae East.
li-idiot-nen, mill sail from Portsmouth as soon as they
have repaired their damages, under convoy of the
Siiius, Captain Pvst.,—The Cidhiells, for St, Hele-
na, `l3encoolen, and China, . will Sail under convoy'
of the Nassau, 64, Captain CAMPBI4I4., as far .as
St. Helena.. The Clorinile, Captain liatoos, with
Commissioner SHIELD, for the Cape ; and Commis-
sioner INbIAN, for Madras, iit ordered to sail alone;
the"moment she is ready.
The Leviathan, 74, Capt. HARVEY ; and Bom-
bay, 74, Capt. CVNING, for Cadiz; Boadicea,
Capt. HATLEY, for Lisbon and the Cape of Good
Hope;. Maws, Hon, Copt. WALARGRAVII, with
a convoy for the Mediterranean; and the Jasper,
CaPt. DANIEL, With a convqy for the coast of Por-
tugal-all at,Portsmouth, are prevented from sailing
by foul. winds.---The ficadicea is to take of i Mr.
JEFVEtiY, Consul at LiNhon. -

At St. Domingo the French garrison Was, accord-.
ing to the last acounts, •in possession of• about four
months'provision, and was determined to maintain
its post 'to the last extremity against: the Spaniards.
The fa uccesug:of General FeattAND, it is added, had
deelared, that, in the event of 'being compelled to
yield, he would surrender to the English. •
The imogen Brig of War is arrived,from the Dar-
danelles, with clispt4es from Mr. ADAIR, who re-
mained in good health at Constantinople, subsequent
to the late revolutions. She bring also accounts
from Naha to.the Kith of Deceit3ber. The Hydra,
Lethaidar, and Pretlayante, hadirnrived there, With
par! 'a. their. A:int v Oy, front 'England. Oif Sardinia
the Fleet was dispersed in a gale,of wind.
BIRTII.--Yestet day, in Upper Bedford-place, tle
wile or t4tiliU J. }harm, a Son. .
EttiTit.---YCStet day Ate Right Hon. Lady oa,t7s-
-711A132) Daughter. •

• NAVAL NEWS.

&am the LONDON GZZETTE, Fefr. 4, 1839.

Admiralty-Office, Feb. 4, 1809.
Copy of a Letter from Rtar. A diniral the Hon. Sir Alexander
Cochr.lne, K.. B. Commander in Chief of his Majesty's
.Ships,2nd Vessels at the Leeward Islands, to the Hon.
W, Pole,_ dated on board the Neptune, at Barbactoes,
Dec. 19, OW.
SIR,
I inclose, for the information of the Lords Com-
missioners of the Admiralty,' the Copy of a letter
which I have received from Captain Collier, of his
Majesty's ship Circe, the senior officer of the block-
ading squadron stationed from the Dianiond to the
Pearl 'Rocks, Martinique, giving an account of the
dest ruaion, of the French Corvette Le Cygne, which
-had sailed from Cherbourg on the 12th of Novem-
ber, with the Papillon, another Corvette, and La
Verrus, La Junon, and L'Arnphitritc Frigates.
In performing this service I am sorry to send the
inclosed report orthe loss which has been sustained
by the several, vessels engaged, owing to the Cor-
vette having been supported by the batteries, field-
pieces, and musketry frona the shore, in her at-
tempt to reach St. Pierre's; but the object is luny
accomplished, as she is bilged in such a situa-
tion as to render it impossible to recover the vessel
or the flour with which she was loaded. One of
the Schooners in company with her was burnt, and
the other drove on shore and destroyed ; each of
them also having been loaded with flour and pro-
visions. .

Captain Collier deserves great praise for his per-
severance in overcoming the obstacles which the
enemy presented by the numerous batteries which
lined the shore in that part of the coast; and he
speaks in the highest terms of Captain Brenton
of the Amaranthe, as well as of the gallantry and
good concur of Lieutenant 'Wright, and a party
of , the Royal York Rangers, who were serving.as
marines.

I have the honour to be, &c. ' •
(Signed) ALEX; COCHBANE.
His Majesty's Ship Circe, off St. Pierre's,
* SIR, Martinique, Dec. :4, Igo&
On Monday; at eleven A. M. his Majesty's Brig
Morne Fortunee informed me, by . signal, that an
enemy's-Brig and two Schooners were at anchor off
the Pearl. I immediately recalled the look-out ves-
sels named as per margin*, and made all sail towards
the enemy. On our nearing St. Pierre's, I -per-,
ceived'a large French Schooner towing along.'shore„,
under cover of a nun3'oer of troops. The Schooner
finding it impoSsible to get between St. Pierre's and
the Circe, the Stork closing fast, theyrun her on
shore under a battery of four guns, 'flanked by two
smaller ones, andk the beach lined with troops. The
signal was then made to close, with the enemy, and
engage in succession, the Circe leading, followed, by
the Stork and Morns Fortuntse ; being within pistol-
shot the sntill batteries were _soon silenced, 'and the
troops driven from theßeach.. 'Seeing the Brig and
Schooner unloading, I directed thelMorne Fortue6e
to watch the Schooner in shore,. and to give, similar
orders to the Epervier on her coming up. We then
made sail towards the Brig and the other Schooner,
which were lying well to w Ind ward close to the Bench,
under cover of tour batteries. and an immense num-
ber of troops and field-pieces, which they had'
brciught down on the beach to protect her. Having
placed the barge and two cutters under the command
of Lieut. Crook, Mr. Coltman, Purser, Mr. Smith,
Mailer, and Mr. Thomas ,Carpenter, who handsome.
ly.volunteered with 68 then to'bring the Brig out, I
then Made sail with the Stork and Express towards
her, and diretied the boats to lay off until the Brig's
fire slackened. It getting late, the Vessels lying close
in with the rocks, and haying no Pilot on board, I
stood in, and was handsomely seconded by Captain
Le Geyt of the Stork. The Ships .did not com-
mence a6ti'ou until our men were wounded from
the beach with tuusquetry. We then bore up under
a heavy fire of great guns and small arms, Hav-
ing Massed the batteries and Brig, the Citces boats
.not 'Waiting for .theStotk's to come up, boarded in
the most gallant manner ; and it is with tAtretne
.concern I have to add, that their gallantry digit not
Meet with its reward ; they were beat back with
dreadful slaeghter ; one boat taken and one s;lnk,
the other entirely disabled. Our loss the boats
are killed, wounded, and missing, ;i6. By this
thou it ,Las dark; I stood off until-daylight, deter-
ruining to persevere and destroy -the Brig if posittle."
In the evening I was joined by' the Amaranths, Wh o
watched the Brig during the
' At eight. A. M. we perceived site had weighed;
Captain Brenton, in the must handsoMe
volunteering to bring her out,• she was then towing
and
,sweeping close in shore towards St. Pierre's;
the Boats, of the Circe and Stork, and men froth
the Express, were sent to tow the Amaranthe up,
who.was at this time sweeping and using every ex-
ertion to close with the enemy. • At ten, the
French Brig grounded near several batteries, to the
Northward of St. Pierre's; the Amaranths tacked
and worked in under a heavy fire from the batte- •
• ries and Brig, from which she suffered considerably,
' having one killed and five wounded, followed by
the Circe, the. rest of the Squadron engaging the
batteries to leeward. Front the Antaranthes well
directed fire, she • soon • obliged them to quit the
Brig. • Lieutenant Hay, of the Amaranthe, on this
service distinguished himself Very much, and speaks
of the gallantry Of Messrs. Brooke and Rig Maiden,
of the same Slettp;' in very hendsoMe:tertifs, Who,
with the.-boots of the Circe, Amaranthe, and Stork,
boarded her under a heavy fire from the batteries,
• and troops on sliore Lieutenant Hay; 'finding her
bilged and impossible to get her off, effettually, de-
stroyed her in the Evening. Captain Brentan,again
volunteered to destroy the Schooner then on shore ;
.1 ordered Lieutenant George.Robintbn,. Second of
the Atuaranthe, but /Wing First of the' Circe, with
my order,' on this occasion, to folloW the direaions
of Captain. Brenton. At nine o'clock 1 had the
pleasure to see her on fire, and burps to ,the water's
edge. lam sorry to add,: that on this service, Mr.
Jones, Master of. the' Amaranthe, was wounded.;
[ and one seaman killed, and three wounded, be-
! longing to the Express.

, he-Captains, Officers, and crews , of the squa-
dron you did me the honour to place under. my
command, behaved with that coolness and intre,
-pidity inherent in ,British seamen, particularly the
Aruaranthe, whose gallant conduit was noticed by

the whole squadron. From the troops of the Royal ,
York Rangers, under the command of Lieutenant
Wright, doing !duty as marines, I received every
assistance. Lieutenant Crook who commanded the
boats, I am sorry to say, is severely wounded in
four places; the loss of this gallant young man's
services are severely felt on hoard the Circe. I am,
likewise sorry to add, that. Mr. Coleman, Purser, is'
among the number that is dangerously wounded ;
his condutt on this, and other ocdasions, deserves
ywarmest approbation..
On boarding, we discovered the brig destro Yed was
the La Cygnei•of 18 guns and 140 men, with flour,
guns, and cartridge-paper, for the, relief of Marti-
nique. Tlie two schooners had likewise Rour, and"-,
were armed ; I have not yet learnt their force o'r
names ; lam happy to say, that the one left off'
the Pearl is on shore,bilged.
In the performance of this .service, our loss is'
killed and wounded, I `am sorry to say, has b..wn
very great ; but I have the consolation to think,
that it was in the execution of an indispensable duty;
and the grand objet of cutting otT the supplies of
the enemy, will, I trust, justify the means which I
have adopted, if not afford a small consolatidn to "
the relatives of those'who fell.
I ha*,e the honour to be, &c.
(Sigeed) F. A. COLLIER..
Rear-Admital Sir A:, Cochrane,

&c. &c. &c.

A List of Killed and Wounded on board the'SqUalron
der the Command of 1. rancis A. Collier, Lq. in a6tion
with the Enemy oil Martinique, the 12111 and 13th day of
Dec. iSoB.
Circe—g killed, 21 wounded, 26 missing-56.
Amaranthe—t killed, 6 wounded.-7.
Stork--; killed, I wounded.—z.
Express—; killed, 3 wounded,-4.
Epervier—None killed or wounded.
Morne Fortunee—None killed or wounded.
Total-12 killed, 31 wounded, 26 missing.--6g.
(Signed) F. A. CoLLIER, Captain,
