THE SUN, LONDON, THURSDAY, MARCH 26. 'so),

driven into the arms of the United States. Toe 1
priesthood, ever alive to pelf and power, by the aid 1
of the Tories, are to oppose the Bill which has
been sent from Canada, appropriating a part of the
clergy reserves to other purposes than the uses of
the priests of the Anglican Church. In the colony,
as well as in the mother- country, contention is to
be kept alive by the avarice of the priesthood of
what Mr. iVPNEILE described as an inefficient
Church. To those who have endeavoured to make
the clerical demagogue a tool, he will be found in-
deed a dangerous man.

Lord ASHBURTON was again anxious on Tues.
day night to exhibit his new-born landowner's zeal,
in favour of the starvation laws. The Noble Lord
had acquired, by diligence in Parliament, the re-
spect of his countrymen. His long, and in many
cases, able advocacy of free trade principles had
even won for him much admiration. He was by
far the most popular teacher of those doctrines, to
be found in the whole empire, between 1815 and
1828. Many young men imbibed them from his
speeches, and he is in no small degree respon-
sible for much of the fierceness with which
the starvation law is now attacked. Though
he may have changed, they adhere to his
maxims, and see with regret and vexation their
teacher forsaking the truth he had taught for a
profitable error.
We can conceive no more humiliating spectacle
than an old gentleman sacrificing the respect and
esteem of society for the gratification of sordid ava-
rice. For a man beginning life we may find some
excuse. His advocacy of plundering the poor by
a bread-tax may supply him with the fruits of en-
joyment for many years ; but when the day of en-
joyment must be almost gone, for an aged man
wilfully to forfeit the public regard and pass his
last days amidst the just execrations of his former
admirers, seems like the fatuity which sometimes
precedes dissolution. Poor old man, whom it
would be eruel to notice, were not his different
conduct as a merchant and a landowner an
excellent illustration of those personal interests
which are suffered to usurp the important
functions of legislation. If the breeches pocket may
be thought to have inspired the merchant With his
ideas of free trade, it is quite palpable that the
breeches pocket has inspired the landowner with his
affection for a law which Mr. BARING demon-
strated was passed to keep up rent by men who
made itender rt,bias in their own favour.
Amongst our legislators there is another ex-
ample of breeches-pocket influence. Sir ROBERT
PEEL, the father, was a cotton-spinner, and an op-
ponent of Corn-laws. Sir ROBERT PEEL, the son, is
a landowner, and an advocate of them. Every body
supposes that the breeches pocket is the source of
the contrast, and that if the present Baronet's property
were yet all in cotton mills, he would be as staunch
an advocate for the repeal as he now is for the reten-
tion of the Corn-laws.
If it be said that many of the opponents of the
Corn-laws are also influenced by the breeches
pocket, we will not deny it ; but what an impure
source is that of laws which are to preside for
ages over the destiny of the nation ! That the
great body of the Peers, who live on rent, when they
are not pensioners, have a strong breeches-pocket
influence in keeping on the bread tax, cannot
be denied. That the greater number of
the representatives of the people act under
the same sinister and selfish interest is also
certain ; and if it be averred that those who
seek the abolition of the law, are prompted by simi-
lar motives, what other conclusion can be drawn
than this—that every existing source of legislation
is impure and vicious ? If that be so, to what other
conclusion are we driven but this, that the in-
terest of no one class or description of persons
ought to have more influence than that of another
in making laws, and that the only way to secure
just and honest laws, is an unlimited compe-
tition of ail classes in making them. Breeches-
pocket legislation will certainly force on Universal
Suffrage.

man race.
But we are travelling out of our record. Al-
though on the subject of missions, we have much
to say in connection with the question of African civi-
lization, we intend at present to confine ourselves to a
review of the leading facts set forth in Mr. FOWaLL
BUXTON'S excellent Treatise. Experience for
which the nation has paid so dearly, cannot be too
extensively circulated. We shall, therefore, revert
to this question from time to time, till we have ex-
hausted such details as are requisite to place it in a
clear light before the country. One appalling fact,
it may not be out of place to conclude with,—
namely, that after a most careful calculation, Mr.
BUXTON reckons the victims of the African Slave
Trade at one thousand daily I

It will be seen from an article in another part of
the Paper, as well as from a Bill which has been
read a second time in the House of Lords, that
some alterations are to be made in the obnoxious
clauses of the Police Act. It is high time cer-
tainly for something to be done to remove the odium
which the HOME SECRETARY labours under on
account of the absurd enactments embodied in this
Act, with regard to the powers which it gives to in-
formers, and still more to the Police Cotntnissionets.
These Commissioners have actually shut up public-
houses during the Sunday afternoon at Hampstead,
Highgate, and other rural districts, which the bald-
working tradesman and his family had been in the
habit of resorting to for fresh air from time imme-
morial ; they have broken up clubs of long stand-
ing in London, or caused the landlords to be fined
large sums ; and for five hours each Sunday they
stop public thoroughfares, and divert all public and
private carriages into unusual routes, as it
were to disturb the quietude of persons who,
from bad health, are unable to attend Church.
The power assumed by the Commissioners,
hacked, fortunately, by only a few of the Police
Magistrates, has caused the greatest irregularities,
end, consequently, tended to bring the law into
COineillpt. Even Sir ANDREW AGNEW was not
so bad as the legislator who framed this ,tyrannical
Bill, which applies exclusively to the middle and
lower classes. Sir ANDREW, when he shut up the
public-houses, would also have shut up the clubs
and the parks, and closed the toll-gates ; but the
framer of this Bill, as interpreted by some of the
, Magistrates, leaves all the wealthy class out, and
directs the whole force of the law against hard
working tradesmen and poor artizans, who have j
only Saturday night and Sunday to refresh
themselves after the toils of the week. It is only
astonishing that Chartism is not more general,
and that the middle and lower classes do not com-
bine to put down this invidious and selfish class
legislation. We have not seen Lord NoRNIANBY'S
amended Bill ; but, knowing his impartiality in
Ireland, and the well-earned-popularity which he
obtained in that country for his regard to the rights
of those who had none to help them, we confidently
trust that he has removed those anomalies and,ab-
surd penalties which disgraced the original Bill.
This is the more necessary, because the public will
now place Mr. HAWES and every other Member
out of view, and lay the whole blame or merit on
Lord NORMANBY. It is now a Government
measure. _

We are glad to see that the Dissenters are be.
coming alive to the humiliating position in which
they are at this moment placed—chiefly, if not
entirely, by the supineness which they have exhi-
bited when they should have displayed decision anti
energy. They have found out at last—what we
should have thought it required no very great depth
of sagacity to discover—that a timid, subservient
course of action invites contempt and encroachment
that those who bend and crawl, when they ought
to standerect,
on
must lay
when theyytheiraccmouignhtt have with
been .
respected and feared. being
kicked andtrampled
What are the insulting airs which have been
lately played off in the House of Commons on the
Church-rate question—the unmitigated and brutal
persecution of the martyr for conscience sake, JOHN
THOROGOOD—the insolent claim set up by the
State Church to the undivided education of the
people—the impudent attempt now making by the
same Church to extort, by clamour, from the Le-
gislature large sums of the public money for ex-
tending its baneful influence—what are all these
things but the natural consequence of that luke-
warm and pusillanimous policy which the Dissen-
ters have been for some time past pursuint, ?
We trust, for the interests of civil and religious
liberty, that this disgraceful apathy is now at an
end, and that such an impulse has been given to
the spirit of the Dissenting community, as
may not only repair the mischief which has
been done, but lead to the speedy removal of the
many grievances which still distinguish the Non-
conformist from the professor of the State creed.
In another part of The Sun appears a document
which inspires us with good hopes. It is a series
of resolutions pass!Al at a late special meeting of
a once-powerful, and still highly respectable body—
the Protestant Dissenting Ministers. of the Three
(more properly Two) Denominations in and about
the Cities of London and Westminster. e hail,
as a good omen, the appearance—late as it is—of
this body in the field, and although their resolu-
tions might perhaps have been expressed in
stronger language, we are quit© sure that they
will produce a deep impression on the minds of the
Dissenters throughout the kingdom.

Inteiligtmce from AiBiers, dated the.

says" that, in increased efforts at sea, and in reducing the following 1,
Portug,al to the tit:ces-,ity of executing I-LT es,qat.- 14t1; inst. :
Sioce the clepr rture of :he Pbw,eton with doii,atelLt.i from
with ,-irctLitereined‘.—,va, tc, . of
and that little more than these would be required tt.. GOVh,a7or tor
aii.ie iThnistee or
coWar.ll,- ni.ovei.itete (itz
for the gratification of the ardent desire felt b) the •
British nation for the abolition of the Slave Trade. i°o°,oPrisary ar the-a n 12ot r Btoneff.:riC'ti,
hi&l it quilted on Wednesday light. P The Camp of
But a closer scrutiny into the facts of the case has Boutigrich Bledah and Coital, have furnished the 22d and
24 h li,gim,-,ntsuf the lsr Ii giatetit of Light
conducted me to a dill;,rent conclusiw,. There
14antry, commanded by Colonel Ciinga! wiser, the
G
are, I now think, reasonable grounds for believing luavys, and the Sharpsi;noters of Africa ; the two laver
that we should still be disappointed, although we corps Were assembled at Coleah, under the command of
were to double our naval force engaged in that the brave Lamoricicre, Colonel of the Regiment of
branch of service, and although it were' resolved to Guuaves. At this moment, therefore, all is in motion in
this place ; troops from the camps nearest to Algiers are
take the most peremptory measures with Portugal."
,ne to Bouffarich, Btedah, and Coleah, to take the place
Is this monstrous evil, then, without a remedy ? g‘of those that are gone to Ch. rcheil.
Mr. BUXTON, and the Society for the Extinction The occupation of Cherchell is resolved upon—this
of the Slave Trade, do not think so. While Mr. place, to which the grand expedition may go to revictual.
is going to be put in a state of defence. Three merchant-
BUXTON is not disposed to relax mit
, men, ;he St. Jean Baptiste. the Marie Angelique, and the
jot of the activity at present employed by the Louisa hired by the Govererevit, have just sailed for that
British Government to suppress the inhuman with cannon, ammunition. &c. Cherchell will, there-
traffic, while he maintains the right and the tore, be one of the bases of the great military operations
justice of seizing all Portuguese slavers, and sub- which are going to be commenced shortly in our province.
Accommodation will, likewise, be prepared for the. sick
jetting the crews to the severest secondary punish- and wounded of the great expedition.
.There will be,
likewise, ment, he is for opening extensive commercial at Cbe:chell a depot of provisions and ammu-
relations with Africa, and the propagation of union.
Christianity there, as the only effectual means of Very few troops remain in the city. An order of the
uttin Marshal Governor-General expressly forbids civilians from
p g
an end both to the Slave Trade and to do-
mestic slavery. The interior of Africa abounds in g oing, to Cherchell by land accompanying the expedition,
or by sea. This order has very much discontented a num-
produce more profitable for exportation than human her of amateurs and some merchants.—Le Constitutionnel.
flesh, and Mr. BUXTON is for creating in Europe
a demand and a market for this produce, ade-
quate to the supply of the wants of the
African race. In a few years he expects
that we will be able to look to the West
Indies for an invaluable body of native Mission-
aries, and thus Providence will make them institi-
mental in repaying us for the sacrifice of twenty
millions sterling made to obtain their freedom. To
do away with all international jealousies, Mr
FOWELL BUXTON propoies that in our ne406,1,-
tions for obtaining a freedom of trade with the lode-
', pendent kingdoms of Africa, we shall include with
ourselves all other Christian States choosing to
carry on such tifide, and otherwise to co-operate
with us in the civilization of that great continent.
We are ourselves inclined to think that a great
deal might be done through the instrumentality of
Missionaries from the West Indies ; and since we
began first to turn our attention to this important
subject we have frequently been struck with
surprise, that the friends of African freedom and
civilization never appear to have thought of
founding a college in London, for the education of
Blacks for the African Mission. The expense of
an establishment, which, after a lapse of five years,
would be capable of sending out ten young Mis-
sionaries annually, would he a mere trifle compared
with the enormous sums now wasted in an inefficient
coast blockade. These Missionaries might be all,
in addition to a proper course of religious instruc-
tion, taught the elements of surgery and physic,
practical husbandry, and, when sent out, supplied
with the requisite tools and implements for
tilling the earth, as well as with books for
inculcating religious and scientific knowledge.
Perhaps, in the whole world, a class of men are
not to be found less calculated to promote the
object for which they are selected than the persons
usually appointed by British and American So-
cieties for Heathen missions. Being for the most
part narrow-minded intolerant bigots, brought up
in ignorance of the world, and inacquainted with
the application of the leading doctrines of Chris-
tianity in ameliorating .the physical condition of
man, they rarely do more than inculcate a jargon
of sounds, substituting as food for the heathen the
husks instead of the rich and nutritive grain of the
Gospel. Even in their journals they effect a mys-
ticism of speech, which only the initiated can under-
stand, thus manifesting their utter incapacity to give
a true expression to principles and doctrines meant
to combine in amicable fellowship the whole hu,

Cancow.—Mr. John Ellis (Newry) gave notice, that
in consequence of the discussion relative to the present
state, political and commercial, of the City of Cracow,
still occupied by foreign troops, having been last night
unavoidably postponed upon important grounds of public
policy, he should decidedly bring that question under
the consideration of Parliament early after Easter.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)
HUNGERFORD AIMIKET.
The market thioly atten !ed, and prices were mostly on tbe
adv •nee. Beef, 74d. to 84a. ; AluttOn, 74d. to 84d ; Veal,
8d to 9d. ; Pork, 74d. to 84d. per lb. Vegetables scarce and
dear. Turbot, 7s. to 215.; Cod, 3s. to 12s. ; Soles, Is. (id.
to ss. per pair; Lobsters, Is. 6d. to ss. ; and Salmon, 35.
per lb.

BILLINGSGATE MARKET.
supplies not very abund,nt ; trade good ; prices rather high.
Tin but, 6s. to 205. ;• Cod, 2s. 6d. to 125.; Soles, Is. 6d. to
ss. per pair ; Salmon, 23. 6d. to 33. per lb. ; Oysters, 245.
to 4,03 per bushel ; Lobsters, Is. 6d. to 4s. 6d; Smelts, 40s.
per 100; and Mackerel, sd. to 10d.
HAY MARKETS.
The supplies were moderate, but the demand was good.
Very good Hay was Si. and higher ; good Clover, 1103. to
120 s. per load ; Straw, 365. to 445. per load. Prices are lo,k-
ing up for all kinds of dry provender.
TALLOW MARKET.

This department was very languid, and prices were merely
nominal.

TEA MARKET.
The market was very flat indeed, and what little was doing
was for cash only. Company's Congous 2s. 9.4(1., and free trade
Congous 2s. lid. cash.
COLONIAL MARKET.
This market was very flat indeed. British Plantation Sugar
sold to a liin ted extent at last-quoted prices. About 6,000
bagh Mauritius were sold at 625. to 68s. for good
qualitie
No other Sugar in the market, and no Coffee, nor any other
kind of Colonial produce. By private contract there was very
little done indeed.

MONEY and CONIMERCIAL NEWS

CITY, 7'IVEL TAE O'CLOCK
Our arrivals this rfljl fling arc tho French and Jamaica
mails, the latter by the Star—sailed from St. Thomas's
Feb. 13, and Cape Henry Feb 18 No ship let ers.
th, above conveyance we have received Jamaica
Papers to February 9.
SIR CHARLES METCALFE.— Ili4 Excellency left this
city fur Spanish Town at 11 o'dock yesterday forenoon.
We understand he was quite del,gieted with his reception
at the ball on Thursday night.
Our north side Papers by toe Post do not contain a
single paragraph which we can extract, as conveying any
intelligence that is new or interesting
We mentioned yesterday the arival and location in St.
Ann's of 140 emigrants from Ireland, procured and sent
out at the instance of Miss Mitchels.
‘Ve stated in our last that his Excellency the Governor
had determined upon visiting the several parishes of this
island, for the purpose of making himself acquainted with
their localities, and the state of things generally ; since
then we have ascertained that his Excellency's intention-is
to proceed by land.
Ton WINDWARD ISLANDS.--We have already laid be-
fore our readers such items of intelligence from Barbadocs
and Trinidad as promised to inform or interest them. The
Antigua Papers do not furnish a single paragraph by which
we can judge of the state of affairs in that colony.
D7MINICA.—In this island a Bill to authorize the sus-
pension of the Militia Law, and -their revival when occa-
sion requires, has passed the Legislature, and been pro-

claimed,
Her Majcsty'i brig Ringdove came into port yesterday •
with a slave vessel, her prise, having, we are informed, a
great number of unfortunate negroes on board.
It is, we imagine, unknown to the majority of the inhabi-
tants of this city that General Merino is at present a
resi-
dent amongst us.
By her Majesty's steamer Heels, which arrived on Sa-
turday afternoon, we arc in receipt of copious Wes of Bri-
tish par,rs from Lmdon. Their dates are to the 16th
ult. in the evening.
W, have received Demerara papers to the 2ith January.
TRINIDAD.-260 snore emigrants have arrived, 42 ‘l3.)s
from Havre, in the barque La Jeune, France ; 121 emi-
grants arrived on Satin-thy in the French barque Sultan.
The meat of them have found employment.
From Dominica we learn that the most favourable ac-
counts of the orderly canduct of the labourers, And of their
general industry, continues to be received. Those from
the windward districts are the most encouraging. The
negroes there are said to have entered into an engagement
to secure the permanent residence among them of a medical
gentleman, by a moderate poll contribution.
We have received Trinidad papers to the 29th January.
They do not contain any news of consequence.
We have also received Barhadoes papers to the 30th
January ; they aro void of interest.

The Batavior Dutch steamer has arrived with Dutch
papers of the 24th March.
Prices from Amsterdam, March 23.—Two-rnd-a- Half
per Cents., 52a; Five per Cents., 981 to i; Ardoin's
Spanish, 2öi to 3-16.
The above pap .rs do not contain any particular intelli-
gence worth noticing.

Our only arrivals this morni,;g are from the West In-
dies by the Jamaica mail, by which we have received seve-
ral files of papers from fIIOAt parts of our possessions in
that quarter, and the only news of consequence they con-
tain is the con. inued tranquillity and good working of the
labourers in the various islands.

TILE ruril)s

The British Marketcontit:u(: inactive, and Consols
opened this morning at the leaving off quotations of yes.
901 for Money ; and 901 for the Account;
Exchequer Bills. 16 18 prem ; India Bonds. par 3 prem. ;
Bank Stock, 178 179; India Stock, '248 249. Money
continues in th, house at yesterday's rate, 5} to 6 per cent.
In the Foreign Market Spanish Active remains heavy,
owing to the uncertainty of Thiers's Administration colt-
tnuing- for any length of time. The decision of the de
bate in the Chamber is anxiously looked for by the Spanish
Bondholders. Spanish, which left off 274 1, may be
quoted at 271 3 ; Deferred, 13 4 ; Passive,7l ; Portu-
uncse same is they closed 331 344 ; Three per Cents..
23:11 241 ; Columbian, 244 25 ; Mexican 28. k ; Brazilian
78i ; Dutch Two-and-a• Ralf per Cents. 53ii ; Five per
Cents, 101} 102.
ruck:a oF STOCKS THIS DAY ATONE O'CLOCK.
