eSult.

LONDON,
MONDAY EVENING, OCTOBER 30, 1826.

We have received since our last, the Paris Papers
of Thursday and Friday, and the 'Etoile of Saturday
morning. Their contents are not devoid of interest,
although they do not contain any'political, news of im-
portance. Extracts from them will be found in another
Column.

By Letters from Vienna it appears that an alarming
fire broke out at three o'clock in the morning of the
18th inst., in the apartments of the Archduke Louis,
which communicated to those which have been occupied
at different times by the Emperor ALEXANDER and the
Kings of BAVARIA and WURTEMBERG, and to
those now occupied by the Archduke PALATINE and
his Consort. The fire continued several hours, so
that the interior of these magnificent apartments be-
came entirely a prey to the flames. The Archduke
PALATINE and his consort escaped in their night-
clothes, into the apartments of the Archduke
CHARLES. Their children were carried out in the
arms of the noble guard. When the fire broke out,
the Archduke Louis went to the apartments of his
august brother, where all the other members of the
Imperial family, awakened by the noise, gradually as-
sembled. No lives were lost, but the loss in furniture
and other damage was considerable.
By accounts from Madrid we learn that the King of
SPAIN continues to suffer under the lethargic symp-
toms before described. A notice from the Archbishop
of SEVILLE refers to the circulation of printed papers
in favour of the new Institutions of Portugal, and
charges all Ecclesiastics to oppose these writings by
every means in their power. His Eminence appears
to feel the greatest apprehension for the consequences
of any news being made known to the people.
The treaty of occupation of Spain by French troops
up to 1827 begins also to give rise to frequent discuq-
sions. The French Minister is said to have demand-
ed payment of the interest of the' Sixty-eight Millions
which Spain owes to France ; and as he must well
know that Spain is absolutely without the means of
paying a shilling of it, his intention must no doubt be
to obtain some other object, in compensation for the
sum due.

The French Funds continue about the same price.

FKENOII FUNDS..-.PARIS, OcT. 27.-5, per Cents. 99f. 50e.
100. bc. 15c.—S per Cents., 681 55c. 50c. 45c.—Bank Actions,
2042 f. 50e.—Naples 'lento, 75f. 25c. 30c..—Cortes Bonds,
Itif•—Boyal ditto, 48f. 47 if. &thole on LoadoM.—One
Months 26f. 60e.-•-'Three Months, 25f. 40c.

German Papers of the 21st inst. have, been received.
The Austrian Observer, on the authority of letters
from Constantinople of the 29th September, repeats
the accounts which had reached us from other quarters,
of an engagement having taking place between, the
Greek fleet and part of the Turkish fleet, on the 9th,
10th, and 11th September, in which the former sus-
tained a defeat, having had three vessels burnt, one
sunk, and six brigs damaged.
vigasA, OCT. 16,-.-Aletalliques, 90 ; Bank Shares, 1077.

Singapore Chronicles to the 11th May, were re-
ceived last night at the North and South American
Coffee-house. This interesting and important settle.
ment appears to be progressively increasing. We Sub-
join some extracts

(From the Singapore Chronicle of May 4.)
Since the formation of our settlement, its harbour has
not been so crowded, from Bankok and Amoy, as since the
commencement of the
present time present year. There are at this
upwards of 70 sail in the roads, all engaged
in discharging or taking in cargoes. We have also three
vessels for the first tune from the Province of Quang
Tong. The number of emigrants which have arrived by
them and other vessels, exceeds considerably that of former
seasons. There are from
Tokien, JAS.—About 3,000
Quang Tong, 4,418; and from
of the whole number are
ascertained to have distributed themselves in Rhio and
the neighbouring parts ;
and those who have remained at
Singapore are chiefly agriculturists. The Chinese mer-
chants are showing great spirit in the extension of the
commerce of this settlement with China.
Several projects are on foot for the improvement of the
Colony, the meat important of which, in a commercial
point of view, is the erection of light-houses, two of

which have been already authorised by the Supreme Go-
vernment. A lottery for the improvement of the town
and river has also been sanctioned; and the licences
granted to individuals for clearing and cultivating ground,
and for building in the town, are confirmed.

The amount of quit rent payabk:to the Goverament
will bi extremely moderate. ".
.lArb have also commenced a new branch of trade with
the Mauritius, a vessel with beech de nter having arrived;
and we may expect that a regular and profitable intercourse
will be established between the Colonies.

gilkaAPOith, MA 11.—We have much pleasure in no-
ticing the progressive increase of turOpean dwelling-
houses in the settlement. Much improVement has taken
place in their construction : the taste for building in the
country is becoming more prevalent, and•:he rapid increase
of inhabitants renders this most necessary. On the road
to New Harbour several fine properties have been perfectly
cleared of wood, and neatly laid out for the construction of
eountry-houses.
The supplies of Opium have been very trifling, and
prices have been maintained; a few chests of Patna have
been sold at 1,380 dollars, and some Maliva at 1,000 to
1,030 dollars; the stock, in the first hands, is now very,
small.

The importations of produce have been very limited for
some time, past; of peppers the arrivals are unusually
small, and prices are rather higher, 7,1• dollars having been
paid ; sugar is held at 71 to 71 dollars ; tin sells at 211 to
21i dollars ; several parcels of speltre have arrived, which
are offered at 10 dollars.

The Scorpion and Cornwallis have sailed for London.—
The Sir Godfrey Webster and Fortitude are both loading,
and will take their departure shortly, for the same desti-
nation.

The junk Which the King of Siam sends annually to
China with presents for the Emperor, has this year been
lost off the bar of Siam. Captam Burney was at Bankok,
and had succeeded in obtaining the release of 570 of the
Burman prisoners taken from Mergui and Tavoi. These
had been sent across the country to Penang.

We received this morning the Allgemeine Zeitung
of the 23d inst. Its contents relate to Russian affairs
of older dates than those previously received. Great
preparations were making in the capital for celebrating
the return of their IMPERIAL MAJESTIES. A num-
ber of officers who bad fallen into disgrace, and, were
reduced in rank, were ordered to join the Army in
the Caucasus, where, if they distinguish themselves,
they will be restored to their rank and privileges :

•
The Russian province of Kachetin, situated in the Cau-
casus, which at the instigation of Abbas Mirza, the fugitive
Georgian Prince Alexander was to induce to revolt, is a
fine tract of countrymatered by the Alason, and certainly
one of the most fertile provinces in the Empire • the har-
vest yields fifty-fold, and it abounds in wine, silk, and fine
fruits. Daghestan, which Abbas Mirza also endaavoured,
but in vain, to induce to revolt, is bounded by Georgia,
the Caspian Sea, the Koisi, the snowy mountains of
Khalabar, and to the south by Schirwan; it abounds
in corn, wine, cotton, saffron, silk, and naphta.. The
district of Akouscha, the inhabitants of which now
show themselves so attached to Russia, in giving
up to General Yermaloff the inflammatory procla-
mation of Abbas Mirza, lies also in the territory of the
Caucasus, and has 18,000 families Settled in 34 villages ;
each village has its elder, who is the chief of all theinha-
bitants. The people of Akouscha do not follow agricul-
ture in a considerable degree, but they have large flocks
of sheep, the wool of which they themselves manufacture
into cloth. This short sketch shows bow rich in natural
productions these our frontier provinces are, which the
perfidious Pekstans now endeavour to obtain possession of in
the most unjust manner ; and it is also evident how import-
ant it must be for the Russians on many accounts to leep
possession of them.

Frankfort Pipers to the 24th inst. have also bean
received this morning. The Trieste Observer, on
authority of letters from Zante, says that the Acropolis
at Athens had surrendered to the Seraskier. If we
are to credit these papers, the greatest tranquillity
reigns in Constantinople ;—the rumours of disorders
were only the fables of interested persons :

TRII3iTE, OCT. 14.

The Observer of this date gives the nova, on the autho-
rity of letters from 7,ante of the 4th inst. that the Acropolis
of Athens has surrendered to the Serdskier.

At Florence a great deal of corn is purchased for Eng.
land, which has caused the prices to rise.

SMYRNA, SEPT. 15.
The Oriental Spectator speaks of the false accounts
spread with such profusion by almost all the Paris journals
respecting the critical situation of Constantinople, and the
troubles and reaction which have taken place since the
dissolution of the Corps of the Janissaries. These
false statements have so alarmed ninny houses in
Europe, that they have ordered their correspondents
at Smyrna and Constantinople to realise their pro-
perty at any sacrifice. It is our duty, says the Specta-
tor, to warn the merchants against a trick which was suc-
cessfully employed in 1821 at the commencement of the
Greek Revolution, when the French and German Jour-
nals several times announced the burning and pillage of
Smyrna, with details 'Which had all the appearance of
truth. The news was generally believed in the European
markets, except by the Greek houses, which made con-
signments of colonial produce and manufactured goods,
from which they derived large profits. The urns measure
now employed to inspire fear;and prevent competition, by
the accounts given in the Paris Journals of the state of
Constantinople, are so many fables invented by interested
persons. The truth is, that there never was greater tran-
quillity in the capital and in this city than at present : the
zeal of the police deserves the greatest praise, and every
body follows his business with a degree of liberty which
does not exist in many civilized countries.

The Liverpool Commercial Chronicle of Saturday
published, amidst some intelligence from Greece of
rather an old date, the following address, said to have
been put forth by Lord COCHRANE. Thie document
has no date, and bears no
particular feature by which
we recognize it to be an authentic 'address from the
person whose name it bears. The paper in which it
appears precedes it indeed by the following paragraph :
able to convey. to our readers early
lseuabajeedetof
that
Glre
re eeaild
though our present communications are not of the
journal
c We have, on more than one occasion, alluded to the
probability of our being
medium for their
most
and authentic informatisottitilotari tehep
favourable nature, we
publication."
Whether it be genuine or not, it is not, in our opi-
should have been *elected as the original
nion, a production of talent, and its utility, under any
circumstances, would, we think, have been small :

:To his countrym" eLnOßwito(X)chCoisiellAthNeliprofession of arms
abroad,
heiassinA of theo
are free to promote
the ends of humanity and justice—Hail I Foreign Enlist-
, companions and Friends !—The vast possessions of
ienbedA,
etpr;ev andio us
to to
allt
others,
Spain and Portugal being delivered from the colonial yoke
—the former raised to the rank oflndependent States, the
n
latter to the tide of an Empire.—nothing further can be

done by you in that quarter, to better the condition o
man. The basis of freedom and prosperity being laid
time, intercourse with other nations, experience to be ac
•cuired by the rulers, and knowledge by the people, co
alone confer the blessing of enlightened Governments, am
national security, from the administration of just laws.
" Your labozirs, then, having terminated in the No
World, let us turn our eyes towards a people, whose pre.
sent condition, compazzd with their former greatness, Mb
the heart with grief. Let as hasten to complete our tssi
in assisting the oppressed descendants of the once free
illustrious Greks, now struggling under the galling yak,
of slavery, rendered insupportable by the most atrociou!
cruelties, and by the sad consider3tion that the oppressiet
under which they groan, is actively upheld, or unfeelinFl
sanctioned, by those whose duty it is Opromote the on
lization and welfare of mankind.
" In this humane and glorious enterprise we a b'
joined, from all countries by multitudes who, like ourselfeg
have no penalties to dread. The result is sure, both witi
regard to those who you will assist, and yourselves; f°,l
the Grecian eople, like the wise Government of Norti
America, wills eceive, as brethren and friends, every
who, by his .talent, his inchistry, his capital, or bis strengdi
shall add to the welfare, richer, or secunty of the State.
'" To notice to you the contiguity of Ureece to you
own homes, its central position ,amidst the nations
Europe, the amenity of its climate,
the fertility
the richness of its productions, .the diversity and beauty 1
edition
scenery, or ha aptitude fur commerce,. Vrtre 511 P
But to remind you that a new field will there at ones 1
thrown open for manufactures and the arts---that Mu
tenths of this bor.' lilt region, and of :thoSe once ferti
lands, lie deseel.„ and abandoned—that flocks arid herd
and the soil itse4 within a fortnight's sail of the North
Europe, are worthless in the absence of cultivators in
consumers—is a duty which is due to Greece, and to Y°
" Hasten, then, torhsi relief of this sufferiPg PeoPl'
rest satisfied that you wilibe received with open arms, i
citizent And as friends, and. that no dititi 5411 fail to Mel
, of its so)
the just reverd of his labour id this Christian and gletiot
undertaking. - ,
" Adieul—Un3te at the Island of Salamis (the thean
It
of:immortal deeds ,in former days); there again the erorit'
of victory awaits; those who advocate the falleil of G
and Liberty !

(sped)

" COCHRANE."

Letters from Bahia of che Bth August stare th'
the Emperor of BRAZIL was going to ota
an
blis
his Court at Bahia in September or October;
these letters also repeat the rumour that the Ebfrilv
was about to proceed to Europe to reside with
it
father.

Letters from Madrid, under date of the 16th 10
state that the Minister of Finance has bean daily occi
pied in endeavouring to collect a sum of money for tl
11
payment of the Algerine tribute, to get rid of
cruizers belonging to the DEY, which are infatiog tl
coast of Catalonia, and occasioning great anxicsi
the Spanish Government. But at the date of th'
letters the Minister had been unable to raise t
necessary sum.
Two French officers arrived on the 13th at l‘'fadi
with despatches, supposed to be of
they were immediately forwarded to the KiwG
Aranjuez. The reports were still in circulart
Madrid that British troops were to be landed f°
with at Lisbon. importance,

welhiaavtiePgha'
closures which have
that
neighbours.dassoV' Thesein'evceo littlerbdeii
mea
1717$:u!f-'-:
se.k:eistr:::i3ullriole v:toiteirratYinrcileortlt,trli,f:i
gentlemen who pretend to more
11
powerful principle than that of country, oil in
the love of self was, with them, 11 91°11 In°
d
gratification of this passion, they have not hesitste
onfattinohluder ccolluarsctentriesr:
cpeoplenour
theirwhichirr
ecountry's
oo theyunnnt tl.
inflict &disgrace on their country' which will form 54
bl
very professors of patriotism, the champions oil"'
silt,,
shown themselves to be destitute of tlot girt'
have shown
and the dauntless reformePrsatrcoi:fitilcpslitijniebtlic ebuge
if Will
iisilbiyt bocurbeolycie.nve, atilb: 11
rytaffh.eseycretueprdug:te.d:iooandnv?ooteahetwers,,itlloanitar,eqt:uoirbeessyteFies'ili,
gdoittetdenothhatt tinhaexMimesmhbeerhfuorsoMoLtrose
tishorslidalid...o4ovitaentii,
the House of Commons, and meanly, ifYrot '.-4 1,
prdeiriienneeicvi received
fe from
ed
Greek
eekCr
cos
Btm;omnwidthtsei e;
which
hthee
Alas l toodit t t
yo ft, ice
ie el °llv
1 h. gt '4
been proved to be a humbug, and that too WI herz;
zealous, persevering, and
vporotarfeissiesomnuostfiiiintkmtuostthneopwrogpoeroluevtioifoffeehithe::„...A'
flinsimesori
having,
deeply
disgrace
etßp But however
u grieve hr oowfcet
hoieea
ntraionds little
deta
Continental
otanrl
eelmegdahtyhbpafoeatu
ret
tlrhsi sur tot
Patriots,
,itigle u 0 1h '
adnudatthheenraetpiountaatpicnhaorafuric esn"°scol
mno nortu
illealtye under the pretence
n el. igiunsagtrdiellPir eriel:ti leciclleui:u .1
:al 1::1
c ti England
subj e
.e.nderpreset,aewinphl
Englishmen
e, raised a loan to which foreigners se 60
subscribed, but of which 11 ttt
reacheduf its promised destination ? And will rails
that money-lenders,
occupation towards unfortunate indl,oo f
ha
whichn their securities were given ? Hon' °ln pie
ourselves from such imputations ? ones"" ton
the. spotless honour of Englishmen in pe It 1,
actions ? In conscious shame of our countrrei c: i
etehdastobeeinhcitrairn:3l.sll%;:
must submit to their taunts, and blush tuna Pit of
the. disgrace which the professed. Patriots) P""
immaculate reformers, have brought upon us' deser,
_ Let us, then, expose these quacks se tll,l „„inic
Let us drive them from the station in rou'4;nlini
which they have too long usurped, and tit US ..-
I)if
hear no boastings of virtue, purisy, and public Sly
which are too often the proof only of the obsenc
those qualities. oipt
We may look at this question also in another r. .
view. The proceedings of the persons eoncerneu,l'hie
ministering the affairs of Greece, both there rinuAtti
will serve to display to advantage the benefits re!‘..o
from established Governments. It 'fill tes.o ins
kind that useful lesson, that the introduction °I
change of Government byforeign aid, is °11,,,„1/IPal
tence to plunder, a screen to hide the %view- b
• t
abominable designs of the averieious and coil,' t,
such changes are not always followed by regeverstii
councils, and that it most commonly happen,' 1
the professions of the liberals out of office are 01-
eedoifmth7etraegretiengceatetihore°:coattirrtile:Patuotsthfrivasse°t:9"-v,icalf„,°,,'

into the anctrines of tyraral and submission when
entrusted with the public sway. The whole course of
the Greek revolution has been marked by fraud, ra-
pine, and deceit, and thus a cause as holy and as
righteous as ever people maintained against the odious
and barbarous tyranny of their conquerors, is brought
into scandal and disgrace ; made to appear no-
thing but the struggles of a set of wretches to
enrich themselves at any expense of public property,
public benefit, or public character. The disasters of
the Turkish army were exaggerated into signal de-
feats, whilst the smallest successes of the Greeks were
magnified into important victories ; and even the very
grossest falsehoods were invented to cover the designs
of their worthless instigators, and to keep alive the
enthusiasm of the public. The defence of Mis-
solonghi was extolled to the skies, as unparalleled in
the annals of history, and the by-gone heroes of
ancient Greece were raked from the grave to serve as
comparisons for her modern captains. It was not
sufficient in the eyes of these Loan Contractors, that
the Greeks should be successful, they must be emi-
nently victorious ; that the Turks should be worsted,
they must be sivally defeated ; until at last the real
friends of the creeks were ashamed to talk of their
successes, because when the truth was known, in corn-
parison to the inflated accounts, they became apparent
of but little value. ,„
The late exposures, lict%Ser, that hays, taken place
in reference to the Greeklnayawithdrawn the
masks from the faces of these preisended friends of free-
dom, and display them befosa the world in all the na-
'five hideousness of narrow-minded money brokers and
public disturbers. It shows the advantage of the
Greeks, and the restoration of their liberties, were but
11,eeobdary objects inithe minds of these men, and that
these expressions were adopted only as a kind of
stalking horse by which they might the more readily
Pillage the public. How successfully these abominable
artifices have been practised, the before-mentioned ex-
osures but too plainly evince. Every day adds to the
lists of the fraud already known, and new names are
hourly brought to light, as participating in the plun-
der of the unhappy Greeks ; and we find amongst
these names those of persons whose actions in another
place, however perplexing, we had hoped proceeded
from principles of public spirit and unimpeachable
integrity of character. How grievous is it to England
to find her senators amongst the spoilers of the strug-
glers for liberty, to see them twisting and turning
through the mazes of fraud, prostituting their charac-
ters as representatives of the people of Eng-
land, and sanctioning, by their presence and names,
s every species of the most outrageous dishonesty and
unmitigated falsehood ? With what face can such
Neo appear in their scats in the Legislative Council,
Protesting airm •
st the extravagance of the public ex-
Penditure, raising their voices against the taxation of
the people, and almost impug,ning the honesty of
every member of the KING'S Administration ? With
what face, we ask, can these men appear in such places
'for such purposes, when thus stigmatized with fraud,
and marked as the sons of meanness and of rapine ?
These exposures, however will furnish subject for
deep consideration to the friends of rational liberty and
established governments, and we trust a hint or two
Islay be taken from these events to keep down that
revolutionary spirit which seems to be the characteristic
of the age. One really would have supposed that,
with liberality on their tongues and liberty in their
speech, something approaching to ordinary honesty
r_l_tlght have been expected in the dealings and actions
n. 1114 leaders of the national revolt ; a little disregard
of self 1d antipathy to gain, and a arstat di...1
Piltri°"B4l evinced by the haters of despotism, the op-
posers of the oppressor, and these noble minded
I°Yers of common liberty. How lamentably then
roust we he disappointed, when we find the very
reverse of all this, the only remarkable feature
ilt their actions and minds ; when all their
the
boasted liberality evaporates in pocked
}?refits of the loans raised for the establishment of public
`"rth diverting the money from the purposes in-
tended, arid in the case of Greece, the very unhappy
and noble-minded descendants of the heroes of past
itgeel left to shift for themselves, a prey to that desola-
tor of towns and spoiler of the fatherless, the ruthless
tlartAillm, or the haughty domineering of the barbarous
",ULTAN of the Turks. Unhappy Greeks, indeed,
t,ne7 may well be called, when thus preyed upon by
their friends, and alike an object of spoil to their
governors and their self-styled protectors.
. We are here taught to perceive that if abuses exist
ut established Governments, still greater ones are per-
"litted beneath the councils of a Revolutionary Junta.
de if, indeed, a mixture of public virtue with public
delinquency is to be found in the long annals of an-
' "lit monarchies, that the brief history of the govern-
tnent of the men of a revolution is marked with quite
'le Much vice, and but a very sparing portion of that
Public virtue and public spirit, the supposed posses,-
':111 of which bath set these men in the high places.
;vs rejoice at these disclosures, and hope it may serve
° tehn a portion of that wild enthusiasm in the Greek
5 stiati with which this and other countries are affected;
an enthusiasm which has confounded facts and circum-
d ntlees, which even still hoodwink the judgment and
ec!ive the understanding.
Not in Greece alone this degenerated spirit to
ha
found, eve'' 111 the newlsßepublics of South Ame-
rico it may be traced
' leading to a breach of the public
faith, and a total nattention to the fulfilment of en-
gageaments solemnly contracted in an hour of fearful
; engagements the mom sacred as being made
under circumstances which might have led to a total
advanced for the advantage
loss of the vast property
of these Republics. We need but look to 'N't
and Colombia for this, and if an example of ag.7rlecs'o
Ilion is desired, the war between Buenos Ayres
-and
Brazil for the possession of the province of the Banda
Oriental, is at hand to answer the demand. The pro.
*ince indeed by right belongs to neither power. But
of the two, Brazil is without doubt possessed of the
luster claim. Buenos Ayres has no right, nor even
the shadow of right, except the principle of public ex.
Pediency.
Although we have found it our dutythus to express
°Ur opinion of the Ifevolutionary Governments at pre-
sent existing, we mean nevertheless to avow that our
sentiments are no less strong in favour of General
14iherty, than those of the more boisterous and undis-
t'uguishing assertors of the rights of men ; and we beg t
leave to add, that hating oppression as we do from the
very bottom of our souls, we, in like manner, detest
then Political
sm. hypocrite, and the senseless jargon of mo-
, ne liberi

A King's Messenger arrived at the Foreign Office
1511 Bfttutday morning, with despatches from Mr. Se-
"%,,tarY Canning, This Messenger also left despatches
rialtier Castle, Kent, for the Earl of Liverpool,
!ini Secretary Canning,
