I

a
I
~.
~- P 7.
,;= ~,,...,..- (1)-&'
...A.,7,,,,,,,,, • • . NI, ;wit
ir. 440,,-* is IT*
-' - - :: I.WC'ilit ~t „
,i' -.'",,L eigig
AI 8 1-1 ' 8 NEW LOTTERY OFFICE is
..
..o..ux--, •--., ---...rrr-.......0"
'---.... i 'l\ °lb, . ~',,,,,..-fi•., -,--- -,i-• ;,, -4,,
N
-"."77"\,..e . •
tro„, ~ °. 138, REGENT• STREET, about 20 doors
7
u. the Q f
- ~- ''l' - -
:. '' Ili' i'd't N-„ ' 111111#7., i ~t
f ' i"%# ° ''.4 `,\\‘' „.-f---_7 Asitik
Nio. 4, ;ilia rant. BISH'S OLD Established Office is
.. ..,. .......
..
ul 1611.
,
, .- ,-,..
" Ck 'u "I!, "#. . ., -------
lei' Lot
'4
''''.
.
. •
r
A,. • ~ 7
~;7,3, r "';'f;-• ,if , .. 4;. 0 '''''.\,''''/Zi. ''.' ' '''
' .
- . •
,7J ,
4
Y. ' Draws 17th of this 11Ionth.
i --:',
~..t- ~ . . .
- -
. . ,
• ---- .....,....,
' ,
..
. ti)
3'4 *.-
'isi.
15 . • ~14...... N 0... -if - ' S • " J) - fft.-
r ,LiCi,
\ 'l,-I.' . , 4'r
,
1.
01' !
-,:!':-7:,,' - &' /, 4 it 0 z ~ . -8-78:
)-I - a 10141.,
_Nro \ Ii 1 _ ° 1. T .11,4 ',
f Err'
''',llbsv--51
0
Each: , ~,,,, . fi, --,1,,.
for PI.

ER
per
alter
nce

VINE PASSOVER RUM. .
OLD JAMAICA RUM, genuine
teal imPorted, for the Feast of Passover, by spe-
dsanetion 5° the Jewish Rabbi, and under the s!ipßeruinin-
tili"" of Person from the Synagogue. This
is
not cFrnsiderahly upwards of 30 per cent. over proof,
85.%1‘,40.,ii without dilution.
1 in sealed bottles, with the Hebrew inscription,
Post ' "eh, or at 20s. per Imperial Gallon.-Orders by
Inincithily executed.
IiENRY BRETT, Wine and Brandy Merchant,
109, Drury- I me.
prill'iriEn,GENEß Al, STEAM NAVIGA-
-at liA:4-"" COMPANY'S PACKETS leave LONDON
1..- alld-ZPIG, with his Majesty's Mails, every Wednesday
"11,7trtlItzvarly 1 nitihe
Majesty's
. Mails, every Wednes-
%' ().Sl_:','(l„Sattilrtia'''itt'ortiiisng,at Seven o'clock precisely.
t CAL,xIo, every Saturday Morning.
takin 8.---The Packets of the Company will run, tonCeasdlaaiys:
for
,an,,,,,gill'assengers and Merchandise, every Wednesday,
4iliNts,`,ATtsengersNrly, everyy ut tlaY-
da aSndlSaturday Morning, a,!
Poe xlNii,f;Pf44t N'ineever4locekdnperseciSely, from St. Katharine
44114'
Thursday, at
1, Nine ,yrE, every Sunday, Tuesday, and
°4ll3gt,,°clock precfsely, from St. arite:NN'harfl
Per pr7rll.Tolsi to DIEPPE, every Saturdays
_oMorning....,.a.
tetlane ~,'Rhl, apply to Mr. Norman, Agent,. N -. 1, "
f441,,,•1 "Wen•street; and fur Berths at this Office. In -
N.ja May also be had at 56, Haymarket. ,
e
(lb Pa'ene,.rs going H ambur are requesteu
p:ward early on Tuesdayto and Friday y Evenings
qe . .
to o
etild Steam- p.ekeis for Towing and Excursions.
41al st_ CHARLES BESSELL, Secretary.
eani Navigaiion Company's Office,
EE Cil 69, Lombard-street.
'()HSURANCE COMPANY.
'IRE, LIVES, AND ANNUITIES,
PALL-MALL AND cortmuLL.
cApi,
Established 1803.
1:1414 ii iAL ONE MILLION STERLING, the whroel,e.
as ittiP alld inVested, thereby affording to the Astql
osti
4tt4i4.iliate available fund f x the payment of the m
'l4ea, without any liability 01 partnership.
tbWAT.,SIIOMAS COLES, E-q., Chairman.
Pail2' GOLDSMID, Esq., Deputy Chairman.
Ilatet tt'nZ Stock Insured generally on the Farni.
;,,t4.liie lia.ilid Conditions of Fire and Life Insurance,
ffiue.a
' Lord i'l °I. the Compiny's Agents, and at the 0
,Lid day '
Amp 4 Al: n'
die4l° whose Insurances with this Company be-
't ' hpt' lofthe reYneral arethereof
are now ready for delivery
t'''eAl)4.'P'fly's Offices, and in the hands of their respec-
-1114"t‘ in the c
th.., Nue_ oun. ry.
v `ll of " uue at Lady' must be paid on or before
‘.., April.
Nie.
i LIFE INSURANCE.
'114°4 ''s
4°lltd for the whole term of Life will be pur-
re,t,,t "a tete,,, t h
the
C'4l');t4'3,ld. tl4 be adesirous of surrendering them to
i''„l444 oa, Ijr°l-1N CHARLES DENHAM, Secretary.
i7')140.,1 ''arch 28, 1833.
'I°hIe'PAIIIN:, WHEATLEY, OXFORDSHIRE.
vll4tero,l,le."inn of Pain•ings by themorn.stas.e,is,teeesmeerd.
(et of p 'nee Library of Books, elegant
l' ; l'te, about five thousand ounces, handsome
d0,,n4"0 dinner and dessert sets, rare old ornamentallted
4:lo`i'P-ndid , ffects of various descriptions, selected
• 4fitts,°'iderable judgment and research, and unlimited
TO, BE SOLD BY AUCTION,
(~,!IY Mr. JOSEPH ROBINS,
At „ k,,,``'' Warwick-house, Regent-street,)
5t4,)4,-11...°f the late Mr. JOHN ROBINS,
i'o'ltsh4l:"o, Holton Park, Wheatley, near Oxford, on
bay,` evena of /61, 1833, and Four follow-
of
the
lie l4' e o'clock.
Bi By direction of the Ex-
tia?e Elisha spae, Esq.
c
,titi,, ~.,„okit_entline exceedingly fine
whichapp are justly
tiViiit to the
end Y, 4,1 llation of cabinet of the highest
by qt,ter!'ingst which may be enumeratedem a Village Fete
eft, •' keri:°".,;by__D avid Teniers ; also several valuablueattao:
lend No 'l'. Wouwermans, Swanevelt, Both,
ki sad ''l"' Ruy.dael, and many others of great execaedl...
Ret, Rit, -oe 'A• rare occurrence to th h
akN •ofhauoruing a
s„GolibleihiePictoral art to add to their cabinets. T e
e,,7( ofi.' choice LIBRARY of BOOKS!embracing every
'f."'!e% fr:Patation, both British and Foreign, several pure
Z"°°,a, 'i the presses of Harry Stephens,.. Aldus, Elziver,
4g,,li'ili k4lterville and Buttner, richly stored in early.
14°"°?' l 4 ' e ' d County Histories, very curious
-c, Otk ~',,4,i'C18 an missals of exquisite beauty,
gine • tip richly painted .
" a 'hat service of massive PLATE, about five
4.14°1e 44"", in soupand sauce turreens, oval dishes,
some e„ Nees., -
Waitt eerkee4 set. ditto, four
Pla ',l' drink? enttly rich chased salvers, tea trays and
dint! ‘ll 11,ng Cups and tankards, tea urns, antique.,inagiilut
tee-e4r, dessert' sideboard dishes, &c., valuablecl
lbt4l'hiri4e!l) and tea and coffee sets, fine old. orna-
tie.,:l be :.'0 jars, beakers, cabinet cups, &c.
sale (Sunday
td Wed . iewc:itlaitcligrizs daaty s preceding the (Sunday
two shillings each, to be. had
t
t-I,lt,f°,d,l4,liaa; at- the principal Inns and Libraril‘eisan.
C,f;, trill.,"'iogliam, Cheltenham,
.GloucesGter,r,raway,s
1144.bliasg"t°n, and Gagliani's. Rills ; at
l''.t)ll''`) rit,eand of Mr. Joseph Robins, 170, Regent-
-1-1()01'he Noble lal,nsion, with Park, gcc.,. to he Leit..
ilthlvas:lll (-3. r. COUGH Cured wit, hout n
'''v 4. E5l 'cane, by the use of ROC. HE S ROYAL
kiI'AttIi,74IIROCATION. This is the only
Idistceor:
i" tl"iiblia4athPerfe..ct cure, without.. administering n
'NI k l'order e difficulty and inconvenience of which,
'3l (‘,l,l'"‘an , ° Particularly incident to Children, are too
°F t 414 1 r'eed any comment. The amazing number
:A°Pth: itio,"'iplt;:frall dal! victims to the dreadful ravages
%Li ka%, :Di ietach liee„
' I'4'
' '-"ugh, must distress every parent beyond
ring no remedy was before knownf
la: c's %li'," ', cote lnventor and Proprtetor
Atli: 'l'4t •°,,,at'',l can withpleasure and satisfaction de-
Nt41.41 't.)"r'altitarY effects have been so universally "'E-
ta, l'alisi-lt °Lighten the three kingdoms, as to have
t
Plea,i'ler ef;t° eredit as the most easy, safe,. and
t°
P 4 t"r" to the public. The Proprietor perfect
the
414'4111N t4;4ti31., of be n at liberty to give !efereneeds.
l'e't 5 i'''a).-.„,.tLe first distinction and respectability,. an
inR
l'eltiedY t'l the Futile who have pronou.nced it the
care 'lloola ::: Produced, Faculty,
recommended it to Board.
1-tat:i a% the' --:, 'll who !Im children committed to.. theirut
10 et'4 tif :171 known safe and perfect cure, without 04 th:44e, "'et or use of medicine internally.
Nijaw,tape,,e" this Medicine be Genuine unless signed
'Ne' ' 0y ji:r;,." J. ROCHE."
41' ' at 4 tdevards, 67, St. Paul's Churchyard ; in
ll'o l'Y
Ns ' and Family Bottles at 225. each. Sold
N Ndlin
%‘,, ' 150, g, oya Exchange Gates, Cornball;
oI4ET and Chandler, '76, Oxford.etreet.
14
MAKERs' SOCIETY, '7l,
11 1,,,,, HALL-STREET. LEADEN-
Ik`ao,4.ll\l h.ii URNEL L respectfully solicits the
',no to °,-4ity and Gentry to inspect the largest and
4.se-d'od t:" Stock of Cabinet and Upholster Goods7iln,
41, :bhi t the CABINET-MAKERS' SOCIETY,
1Y
'5
41174._te City, which Society is enrolled agree-
-14'")4 4lf Parliament, and founded for the support
/114,t4 p44N,nent of industrious Mechanics, who all corp-
m'el'etatZtle,e onlythe very best Articles, pro..vide fo.r its
'ttll' .4'ekoess, old age, and burial, and ter survivors
By order of the Trustees,
tk,4 ,
THUS. HASLER, Secretary, .
11,,„:tt4Aho„
71, Leadenhall-street, City.
I)ii-vtqta,,,tarly four Servants' chest of£2 2 0
I)(tkithi:ltlr',.Z ::::::: 4. 7 15 RlMadirrg•aenrsy
Pembroke
1 16
pal, I.„,t,ttnytt,le ...... 315 0' table ,
dining table... 3 3 0
440,_ 4,,,.„,,:4attre5s Mahogany
,r14,16t,1444,,,, .......... 1 1 ,Eight mahogany chairs... 11?)
1D,144`4 r:!. •' 1 rat .•• 1 1 0 Ditto sofa to match t-otir :-41.'i"..'-' fro-.
,Cellaret sideboard 6 10 0
10 10 0
1.21411117443ihfi4:17'rn•• 10 01Pedestal ditto
Inll tltit an, tly„.. tied 2 12 o,Setof.tour feet mahogany
7,1'; req.,4...,:1., t `44ttesos 9. 10 0, dining tables, 11 feet
14 10 0
6 long
414' iailkitto'k 11 .. " ... ' 3 3 0 Small ditto, patent ...... . 1 _ „
an %It •,a,;
.ett• No'-‘,tij'! ...... :o Music stootlr,ainy morocco 1
80
00
~.,,, J4t,x,, In, i,„
~.t. 1 10 OiSandwtch
0 10 0
1.).--le. ''tityi" ...... 11, IButler,s,ddto
(;,I,tl,in ti:,,i;.... tlry,;:i.,,, .. 1 6 OiEishtdlrar,ayfianlgg.ar chairs 10 10 0
room, each 0 18 0
.1)ittcri4,'4,,i',144'4';,",1 ........ 0 16 011id•Ming room couch..... 5 ',.,!
Ishteelha,-Ijy° .
‘,..• C')... 0 16 0' Best horse-hair cushion 0 5 r,
litany ,011,
~T,'.)l .... .. 08 0 Common ditto
k"atje t4`kcett 11,',',',•,;: 0 8 0 Rosewood tables, t 1
19 0 0
x dra°,,lrqo'4oittZ" ..... . 2 19 01DiTtri; 'd it t o ‘l 10 0
-40gaT.. ... Ng; .. .. •_7 316 o:Elegant drawing-room
6 6 0
I)Ptieneo niii; .. ....... w. ' 0 _ ; curtains
bittt,,,,
witi;
....... co,1,•• 1..) oRo_sewood, caddies, of
ilitto '!rietth'ee ;;t: ....... 1 4 OlinitadnaCjioNnvood
liN., ditto 44'1,41A -.. 1 12 0! bury
tb°' . ............ ! .(,
60' Mahogany ddiit'ttttoor7C aril
I..aitt: 3ora t; ...... .... 1 12 0
Ste. tre- 1
.f4ol'.3,,t!'_litiZ?lea,t, ' 10 i larinniirdr rosewood chit'
2 10 0
tiZ,,lclett 7'leatt; ' tPli 3 8 OlDito ditto
live r teni .. ....... 3.' Lady's wotk table,
~,.'e rnms'o',tehal• .• 2 2 0 hogany ma-
ail 15 0
ViC,,,,,,and 1,44,f0n,: 1 12 0 Ditto, silk and fringed 3 3 0
k-;;l;ifitltraptriniture Large winged wardrobes 0
... es ,44
6 0
All 1 ...... Japanned book shelves-
aother);,4..., .14
. 8,,,,, 14 0, illsetwares i!t(tnopwards) 6 0 0
6 - Old it;rrante,. free from,dust and smell.
I thitUre taken in exchange

(No. 12,6.56.)

ph.)
ndauntedi
er
he Curley,
.4
Helen i 00
Id be
i won

TO ADVERTISERS.-EDINBURGH
REVIEW.—ADVERTISEMENTS for insertion
in No. 1 lb, are requested to be sent to Longman and Co's.,
39, Paternoster-Row, by WEDNESDAY, April 10 ; and
PROSPECTUSES, BILLS, &c., to be stitched in the
Number, a week later.

IMPERIALPARLIAMEAT

THIS DAY, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 3.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

The SPEAKER took his seat shortly after twelve o'clock.
LONDON AND BIRMINGHAM RAILWAY.

911-IE QUARTERLY REVIEW,
No. XCVII., will be published on SATURDAY.

7ebr ary,
oe for Pio
:eeded t Teri
The,
• Per'
Gannet,
I, from -
th of '4l°l'

Sir E. SCOTT moved the order of the day for the
third reading of the London and Birmingham Railway Bill.
The order of the day having been read,
Sir E. SCOTT proposed several new clauses from A to
I inclusive, by way of riders.
Clause A was to enable the Surveyor General of the
Duchy of Cornwall to contract with the Company for the
sale of certain Duchy Lands in the county of Hertford,
of which the trustees of the Duke of Bridgewater were
the lessees. Clauses B, C, I), E, F, and G, related to the
m ?nner in which the price of such lands was to be as-
sessed, and how paid for, &c. They were all read a first,
second, and third time, and ordered to be added to the
Bill by way of riders.
Clause H was to enable the Company to provide loco-
motive engines or other power for conveying persons,
goods, cattle, &c., along the railroad.
On the motion that it he read a third time,

CONTENTS.
I. GIFFORD'S EDITION of the DRAMATICAVORKS of
SHIRLEY.
11. LE VASSEUR'S APOLOGY for ROBESPIERRE.
111. LIFE and DEATH of FELIX NEFF, PASTOR in the
HIGH ALPS.
IV. POEMS, by ALFRED TENNYSON.
V. SIR H. HALFORD'S ESSAYS—DEATH and MAD-
NESS.
VI. MAD. D'ARBLAYS REMINISCENCES.
VII. 'MISS MARTINEAU'S MONTHLY NOVELS.
VIII. LORD JOHN RUSSELL on the CAUSES of the
FRENCH REVOLUTION.
IX. CURL of the DRY ROT.
X. The CHAPERON, Edited by Lady DACRE—Mrs.
SHERIDAN'S " AIMS and ENDS."
XI. PIOZZIANA.
XII. STEAM NAVIGATION to INDIA.
XIII. The CHURCH and the LANDLORDS. Dr.
D P. A LTRY.
XIV. PAST and PRESENT PARLIAMENT.

ling, s,,ith
00-
l the 4"' tl
'ra, the Cp(l.o;s
urge 'be ard
net the Gr
The °ll'.
a ict LA —e
and
Heroine by
off Bee
rise
fay,
i,
and sole

John Murray, Alhemarle- street.

NEW BOOKS ABOUT TO BE PUBLISHED.
I.
QUARTERLY REVIEW, No. XCVII.
on SATURDAY NEXT.

Mr. STRICKLAND observed that the meaning of the
clause w is, that a separate power should be given to the
Company to contract with any family who wished to en-
gage a vehicle to themselves, and not only to charge the
usual toll, but to contract for any sum for which the par-
ties might agree.
The SPEAKER having requested to look at the clause
in order to ascertain that that object would be Effectually
attained,

arne• (set,
eauclere' `Ft
srF,
e Ith j3°l3

for Li.lnej st
!ket arris'-atb,
rom one
from the

EXCURSION to.ANTWERP during the SIEGE of
the CITADEL. With Illustrations, &c. By Captain the
the Honourable C. S. W.
Nearly ready,

NORTHCOTE'S FABLES. Second Series. With
280 Engravings on Wood by the first Artists. Post Bvo.
18s.

The clause was read again, and ordered to be added to
the Bill by way of rider.
Sir E. SCOTT then proposed clause I, which was to
enable the Company to hire any locomotive engine from
any other person.
Agreed to, and ordered to be added to the Bill.

arrlo 033,
a new c3rPhars'
red, on

'''
,9 Paid °1 o°
te,m-velthol
marines()
owing (111‘ et
le
of the ot
rd in the 0
be laid al'

LIFE of Sir JOHN MOORE. By JAMES CAR-
RICK MOORE. 2 vols. Svo. with Portrait.
V.
LYELL'S PRINCIPLES of GEOLOGY. Vol. 111.
and Last. With many Illustrations. Svo. 18s.
John Murray, Albernatle•street.

On the motion that the Bill do now pass,
Mr. LITTLETON asked the Hon. thronet, if he in-
tended to propose the clause which had yesterday been
spoken of to prevent shareholders from being liable after
they had transferred their shares?
Sir E. SCOTT said he did not.

POOR LAWS.

Just published, i❑ a closely printed Bvo. volume, price 4s.

bound in cloth.
EXTRACTS from the Information received
by hie MAJESTY'S COMMISSIONERS, as
to the ADMINISTRATION and OPERATION of the
POOR-LAWS.

Mr. LITTLETON said it would be wholly unneces-
sary, though be was aware that it was wished by some to
have such a clause introduced. He apprehended that
the liability of a persim ceased in point of law, on the
assignment or transfer of his shares.—(Hear, hear,
hear.) Indeed, the case had alreidy been so de-
cided in matters of joint stock companies. It had
been decided by Lord Mansfield that the original
holders of shares could only be called upon to pry the
amounts due upon those shares up to the time of their
being assigned over to any other parties, and it was not
necessary, t3erefore, to ask Parliament for that which was
already established by law. In such a country as this,
commercial men should, of all others, be encouraged to
enter into public works of this sort.
Mr. TOOKE was exceedingly glad ro hear the opinion
that had been expressed by the Hon. Member for Staf-
fordshire, and the case to which he had alluded. It had
also been determined by Lord Kenyon, that the original
subscribers could not be held liable for any calls made
subsequent to the date of their assigning their shares to
other persons. Indeed this was no more than an equita-
ble decision, for by it no injury could occur to the interests
of the proprietors, or to that of the public. The intro-
duction of a clause to the same effect, would only be an
act of supererogation.

e 1110;4;11;
it Wedrieos,

L Ile
ir s 11 3S' iste
ate of the
t of succe°'.

ew daVs' ll"
powager,,,os
ife of 111".
•
and cer
't
too 0135t4

, frors
i letter !es'
has bee-tber
I in the 000 d
been 1°) of
e died eiltst„
p; and i°

ntertained
LaDsda
at Lo,
were
,:r
tidlf
'I"LE,a

PUBLISHED BY AUTHORITY.
B. Feßowes, Ludgate-street: sold also by every book-
seller in the United Kingdom.

In 8 vols. Svo.,F4/. 14s. 6d. ; or in 10 vols. royal 18mo.,

3/. 3..,

FAMILY SHAKSP'EARE ; with the
Omission of the objectionable Words and Expres-

Just published, in Bvo. Third Edition, 14s. boards,
SACRED HISTORY of the WORLD,
from the Creation to the Deluge: attempted to be
Philosophically considered. In a Series of Letters to a
Soo.

By SHARON TURNER. F.S.A. and R.A.S.L.
London Longman, Rees, Orme, Brown, Green, and
Longman.

By the same Author,

HISTORY of ENGLAND, from the Earliest Period
:o the D.ath of Elizabeth. 12 vols. Svo. Si. Ss.

The same may b« had in +eparate portions, viz.

HISTORY of the ANGLO SAXONS. 3 vols. 21. ss.

HISTORY of ENGLAND (luring the MIDDLE
AGES ; from William I. to the Accession of Henry VIII.
5 vols. 3/.
HISTORY of the REIGN of HENRY VIII. 2 vols.
26+.

REIGNS of EDWARD VI., MARY, and ELIZA-
BETH. 2 vols., 325.

NEW AND POPULAR NOVELS AND ROMANCES.
This nay was published, New Edition, in 3 vols. post Svo.,
qui H E B U C C A N E E R.
By the Author of " Sketches of Irish Character."
" An admirable historical romance—full of interest."—Au-
thor of " Pelham."

The 60LICITOR-GENERAL confirmed the opinion
that when a shareholder assigned his shares to another
party, be could no longer be held liable for any subsequent
calls upon the shares. The Bib, with the amendments
and riders, was then read a third time and passed.
Mr. SANDFORD brought up the report of the Com-
mittee on the Exeter Water-Works Bill.—Ordered to lie
on the table.

Mr. TENNYSON brought up the amendments on the
Camberwell Poor Bill.—Bill and amendments ordered to
be engrossed.

On the motion of Mr. DENISON, the Oakley and
Wart-ham Ro,d Bill was read a second time, and ordered
to be committed.

On the motion of Mr. DUNCONIBE, the Tadcaster
Road Bill was read a second tune, and ordered to be
committed.

The Earl of BELFAST presented a petition from
James Coige, of Carricklergus, against the Dublin Steam-
packet Company Amendment Act, and praying that he
might be heard by Counsel against the Bill.
Mr. TOOKE presented a petition from the ferry and
boatmen of Greenwich, most numerously signed, praying
that they might he heard by counsel against the London
and Greenwich Railway Bill.—Referred to a Committee.
Mr. BYNG brought up the r, port of the Committee on
the Middlesex Sessions Bill. The Committee reported
that the standing orders had not been complied with.—Re•
ferred to the Committee on the Standing Orders.
Lord LINCOLN presented petitions from Nottingham
in favour of the Factories Bill, and from Bridgenorth, the
parish of St. James, Nottingham, Burtonjoyce, and
Sheltord, in favour of the better onservance of the Sabbath.
Air. HUTT presented a petition, most numerously
signed, from the seamen of Kingston-upon-Hull, complain.
ing of having been deprived of their franchise either by the
decision of the revising barrister, or by a defect in the
Reform Bill, and praying the House to take the case into
their serious consideration.

The ATTORNEY-GENERAL stated it to be his
opinion that, under the section of the Aet as it at present
existed, the seamen of Hull were clearly entitled to the en-
joyment of the elective franchise.
111 r. WILKS considered that the revising barrister
of this district had made a great mistake in his interpreta-
tion of the section of the Act.—(Hear, hear.) If
the opinion of that Learned Gentleman were a sound
one, some of the boldest and most able men in
the kingdom would be excluded from the exercise of their
undoubted rights. If there was any doubt whatever en-
tertained about the clause it ought to be instantly
corrected.

The SOLICITOR-GENERAL concurred entirely
with what had fallen from his Learned Friend the At-
torney General, that the petitioners were clearly residents
within the meaning of the Reform Act. They had houses
in the town—thy were residents in the place—they
paid taxes, and in short did everything which entitled
them to the enjoyment of the elective franchise. He felt
no doubt in his own mind that the revising barristers
had fallen into a mistake which he sincerely hoped and
trusted other revising barristers would not follow.

Mr. MAURICE- O'CONNELL presented petitions
from Tralee and Killegalie, against the present
tithe system. The Honourable Member also pre-
sented a petition from the fishermen of Holl, complain-
ing of the present pernicious system of fishing adopted in
that harbour, and praying the House to pass an Act for
remedying the grievance.
Lord ALTHORP expressed his belief that the fisher-
men in Ireland enjoyed the same protection as those on
the English coast.
Mr. RUTHYEN supported the prayer of the petition,
and described absenteeism as the great cause of the pre-
val-nt misery and distress in Ireland.
Mr. MAURICE O'CONNELL then presented a peti-
tion from a person named John Dillon, for an inquiry
into the distribution of a sum of 49,4901., the amount
of a seizure, which had been effected by his driving the
Peru, an American smuggler, into the port of Kinsale,
on the coast of Ireland, in February, 1822, being
vented by contrary winds from capturing her, and praying
that the House would award him such compensation as
the nature of his public services should, in the estimation
of the House, demand. The Hon. and Learned Member
supported the prayer of the /nation.
Mr. F. NORTH presented a petition from the inhabi-
tant householders of Hastings, in the county of Su,sex,
for the repeal of the inhabited house duties and un
equalization of the window tax. Also a petition from the
hundred of Guestley, relative to the Beer Act.
Mr. ASHLEY WARRE supported the prayer of the
petition, and expressed his hope that Government would
take the subject of the former patition into their earliest
and most serious consideration.
Mr. E. DENISON presented a petition from the in-
habitant householders GI Godalming, in the county of
Surrey, praying for the immediate and total abolition of
slavery.

STIRLINGREE'S CUBEBS, WITH SARSA-
&c.

THE most safe, certain, and speedy remedy
ever discovered for the Cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets,
Strictures, Seminal Weakness, Pains of the Loins,
Kidneys, Irritation of the Bladder and Urethra, Gravel,
and other Disorders of the Urinary Passages, frequently
performing a cure in the short space of three or four days.
It contains all the efficacious parts of the Cubeb, combined
with the Salt of Sarsaparilla, and other choice ingredients,
which makes it valuable for the removal of Secondary
Symptoms, Pains of the Bones, and all Diseases arising
from an impure state of the fluids. In cases of Debility,
a perseverance in its use has been found to give strength
and increase of health to the whole System. The most
delicate female may take it with perfect safety.

Prepared only by J. W. Stirling Chemist, 86, White_
chapel, from whom it can be sent to any part of the world
(upon enclosing the amount), in bottles, at 4s. 6d., 10s.
and 20s.
Caution—As there is a spurious imitation, be sure "J.
W. Stirling" is written on the stamp.
Agents—Sanger, 150, Oxford-street ; Prout, 226,
Strand ; Barclay, Farringdon-street ; Gilbert and Co.,
27, Newcastle-street, Strand ; Harvey, 68, Great Sur-
rey-road, Blackfriars ; Johnstone, 68, Cornhill ; Nix-
Royal Exchange ; Heudebourk, 326, Middle-row, Hol-
born ; Norton and Turner, 309, High Holborn ; Wil-
mot, Through; Souther, Canterbury; Tandy and Bailey,
We' erhampton ; King, Market place, Bath ; Bulkley,
Staveley, Derbyshire ; Wimble, Week-street, Maidston ;
Hammond, High-street, Dartford ; Manhood, South John-
street, Liverpool ; and all the principal Medicine Venders
in Town and Country.

Mr. PLUMPIRE presenterla petition from Canterbury,
praying for tht abolition of negro slavery, and one from
the parish of Wingham, praying for the better observance
of the Sabbith. He trusted that, notwithstanding the
clamour that had been raised against the Bill introduced

(I() P/0 ild7(/
k --Wkk /1 J
\ ri...

LONDON, 'WEDNESDAY EVENING, APRIL 3, 1833.

I.y an Hon. Baronet, both in and out of that House, i.
would be pe.severed in, and passed into a law.
Mr. EWING presented a petition from Glasgow to th.
same effect, signed by 11,904. persons. He stated tba,
hat p•tition was agreed to at a public meeting, when
persons of every denomination of Christians attended.
He must, however, say, that the Bill now upon the tall
of the H..use went much further than he expected, co
could support. Also one from the same city, signed
upwards of 8,000 persons, praying for the abolition.
of church patronage in Scotland. The petitioners stated
that the present system was an innovation upon the old
ecclesiastical system of Scotland, and was tie cause of much
f the dissent which existed in that country ; and on.
from the same city, praying for the abolition of imprison-
ment for debt, when the sum did not exceed Si. The)
stated that, in the year 1832, out of four hun Ired
ind thirty-seven incarcerations two-thirds were under
81. Also a petition from the De►n and Faculty
of procurators of Glasgow, praying for relief from the
many duties they were obliged to pay on their admission ;
also one from the cotton and woollen manufacturers o,
Bury, in Lancashire, praying that a commission of in-
quit), might be sent down, to inquire into the factory
system before the Bill was passed upon that subject ; and
one from Rye, praying for the better observance of tht
Sabbath.

Mr. WILKS had a number of petitions to present from
Yorkshire and L incashire. The first class was from
Dissenters, and they prayed to be relieved from being
obliged to contribute towards the repair of churches, and
the means of carrying on the worship in them, from
which they derived no benefit. The second class was from
the same description of persons, complaining of fac-
tious attempts which bad been made to enforce the
payment of poor rates upon their chapels, and
schools. The third class complained of the present corn-
pu,soiy system by which Dissenters were obliged to be
married in churches ; end the fourth was in favour of a
national system of registration. In the prayer of the pe-
titions he entirely concurred, and intended shortly to in-
troduce a ;Bill which be hoped would give universal
satisfaction in the House, viz. a Bill to exempt
chapels and schools from being rated to the pour or
otherwise. As to the registration, he was glad that it
had been taken up by the Learned Solicitor-General, and
hoped it would be pressed forward. The lion Gentleman
then presented petitions which were from Kirkheaton,
Staleybridge, Todmorden, 'Mottram, Lindley, and other
places. lie had also a petition to present from the in-
habitants of Ashburton and the parishes adjacent, signed by
the portreeve, the clergyman, all the Dissenting Ministers,
and most of the respectable inhabitants, in favour of a Bill
for the better observance of the Sabbath. The next pe-
ti:ion was to the same effect from the town of :Market
Deacon, in the county of Lincoln, in which it was stated
that that was a large market town, situated in the centre
of a great agricultural district; that in consequence of the
farmers not paying their servants' wages until tile Sunday
morning the town during that day had more the appearance
of a fair, and that there were frequent disorders in conse-
quence. His next petition was from the tninistere, elders,
and members of the Welch C ilvinist Methodists of Lon.
don, to the same effect. In supporting the prayer or
those petitions, he concurred in the remarks which had
been made by the Hon. Member fur Kent, in regretting
that after both the Universities, the Archbishop of Dublin,
and persons of all ranks in society, had expressed an deep
a solicitude upon this subject, a Bill had been introduced
which must disappoint all their expectations
(Hear, hear, hear.) He hoped, however, that that Bill
would be allowed to be read a second time and th, n re•
ferred to a Select Corainittee, in order to make such altera-

tions in it as would promote public morals, without the
introduction of a tyrannous system which would only cre-
ate the deepest distrust.
SUGAR DUTIES.

Mr. CLAY presented a petition from persons interested
in the sugar refining trade in London, stating that many
large establishments were now in a state of inactivity, and
that out or 226 hands in the port of London, only 61 were
employed at this moment. The signatures, with one or
two exceptions, were those of every person engaged in the
sugar refining trade in London ; and they represented a
capital of between two and three millions. It was the
conviction of all parties in that trade that it was in a
course of progress, and by no means a slow progress, of ab-
solute ruin. He need not state to the Noble Lord (Althorp)
hut he would state to the House, that in 1828 an Act was
pissed to allow foreign sugars to he refined here, duty free,
which Act was renewed in 1829, and again in 1830. It

had, however, expired, and had not bee❑ renewed
since ; and the consequence was, that a most valu-
able branch of our manufactures was leaving—indeed
had nearly left—the country, and was transferred
to foreign ports.—(Hear.) The refiners were consequently
unable to afford employment to the number of persons
whom they had formerly employed, and not only was their
trade in a state of gteat suffering, but every trade con-
nected with it was also in a state of distress. Without
pressing unnecessarily on his Majesty's Ministi,rs, it would
gratifyini, to him to learn from the Noble Lord whether
anything was likely to be done towards relie♦ ng the peti-

( PRICE in.)

•
oplo-Trent, praying for relief from the church rates. an d
for an impovement in the mode of parochial registra,ion
The Honourable Member then presented petitions from th
Protestant Dissenters of Lane-end, near Stoke-upon-Trent
from the Protestant Dissenters assembling in Caroline-

,rreet Chapel; and from those assembling in Mount
lion Chapel, praying also for relief from church rates.
and that marriages might be performed by dissentine
ministers in the forms of the established church,
ind that they might perform the funeral service
in the parochial burying grounds; and praying

tioners. The China trade was about to be thrown
upon the trade of the country generally, and the con-
sequence of thus depriving the port of London of a
trade it had hitherto exclusively enjoyed, would be
that it must suffer greatly. He did not mean to sty
that it was not right that other ports should participate in
the advantages of this trade, but the injury it would do
to the port of London, was an additional reason for
pressing upon his Majesty's Ministers the importance of
giving every possible encouragement to this important
branch of the manufactures of the metropolis. Heals° pre-
sented petitions from St. John's, Hackney, in favour of the
repeal of the house and window tax, and from Daniel
Wilton, the keeper of a beer•sh,ip in Whitehorse-street,
Stepney, in favour of putting beer-shops on the same

dso, for an improved system of parochial registra
tion ; and the Hon. Member presented a petition from
Longton Liberty, praying for the better observance of the
Sabbath.

Colonel WILLIAMS presented a petition from Ad-
dinghain, against the Irish Coercive Bill ; and from
the operatives of Preston, in favour of the Factory Bill.
Mr. AIACLEOD presented a petition from the herirn"
of Nairn, for the better observance of the Sabbath, mid
praying that if the House intended to legislate, it would
allow ample time for the discussion of the measure. The
Hon. Member also presented a petition from the borough
of Nairn, against slavery.
Colonel LYGON presented a petition from Kidder-
tninster against the s.•er Bill.

footing as public houses.
Mr. EWART, with respect to the petition from the
port of Landon, relative to the refining of foreign sugars,
said he had been requested by his constituents to support
its prayer. The merchants of Liverpool were conside-
rable sufferers by the present state of the law on this point,
as limiting their imports of sugar, and the exports
of manufactures. The House had the satisfaction of
he iring from the Noble Lord the other night, that he
thought the best way of affording relief to the people,
was to give them employment, and what manufactures
were there which afforded such a prospect of giving
employment as this ? If the restrictions which now exist. d
on the sugar trade had formerly existed on the cotton trade,
and foreign cotton bad been excluded from our ports, where
would have been that enormous manufacture,—where the
power and consideration it gave us all over the world ?
This was a question not merely of interest to the sugar
trade, but to abnost every trade in the country, so that it
was really a national question.
Mr. MORRISON said that be had no doubt the ad-
vantages we enjoyed for refining sugars were senciently
great to enable us to supply the whole world with refined
sugars, if it were not for the difficulties we ourselves
placed upon the manufacture.
Mr. O'CONNELL said, that before the Union there
were a number of sugar refineries in Ireland. In Dublin
alone there were eleven, but now there was not one. The
manufacture in Ireland having been annihilated by bad
laws, they ought is take care that bad laws did not pro-
duce its annihilation here.
Lord ALTIIORP said that he rose not so much in the
expectation of being able to say anything that would
satisfy the gentlemen who had supported the petition, as
in show that he bad not been inattentive to its prayer.
He was well aware, that the trade, as at present regu-
hated, did not furnish the refiners with a sufficient
quantity of sugar to refine throughout the year, but only
for a part of the year. This was certainly a situation in
which a trade ought not to be.
Mr. O'CONNELL presented a petition from Galen,
against the Irish Coercive Bill. Also a petition from the
operative tailors of Dublin, in favour of the repeal of the
Union.

Sir SAMUEL WHALLEY presented a petition. from
the borough of Marylebone, signed by upwards of 6,000
persons, praying for the repeal of the house and window
duties. The Hon. Member also resented a petition
from the Protestant Dissenters of Mosely, in Lancashire,
p raying for the removal of their disabilities.
Mr. W. FIELDEN presented a petiiton from
a Dissenting congregation in Wells-street, London,
and another from a congregation in Hinde-street, for the
better observance of the Sabbath. The Hon. Member also
presented petitions from the parish of St. Mary, Padding-
ton, for the repeal of that clause in the Beer Act whirl
allows beer to be drank on the premises.—(Hear.)
Mr. CUTLAR FERGUSSON presented two petitions
from parishes in Kir cudbright, for the better observance
of the Sabbath. Also a petition from the parish of Urr, in
the same county, against the system of lay patronage
in Scotland. The present practice was clearly an infringe
went both upon the law and the rights of the people. Up to
the time of the revolution almost, the people elected their
own pastors, and after the revolution an Act of Parlinment
was passed depriving the patrons of their patronage,
and giving them compensation for it. In spite of this,
however, on Act was afterwards passed in the reign of
Queen Anne restoring patronage, but that Act was passed
for the express purpose of creating discontent in Scotland,
and facilitating the return of the House of Stuart to th,
throne. His opinion was that the system of patronage had
done more than any thing else to alienate the affection
of the people of Scotland from the Established
Church of Scotland.—(Hear, hear, from Mr. Wallace.)
There was no difference between the two in point of
doctrine or church government, the cause of dis-
satisfaction, which had created secession to the amount
of one-fourth of the whole population—(Hear, hear)
had been the right insisted on by the patrons of presenta-
tion, without consulting the wishes of the patishioners.
The Hun. Member said that any plan which might be
introduced for the purpose of effacing that scandal from
the Church of Scotland, would have his most cordial
support.
Mr. O'CONNELL presented two petitions against the
Irish Coercive Bill, from the inhabitants and tanners of
the city o. Dublin. Also petitions to the saws effect,
from places in the county of Meath ; from Rosquite, in
the county of Wexford ; from the parish of Clow, in Wex-
ford ; from the operative shoemakers of Dublin ; from the
parish of St. Peter, Dublin ; from a manor in
the county of Antrim; from the inhabitants of
the county and city of Dublin; from St. James',
in the parish of Shelbon; from a parish in
the county of Suffolk ; from Gotbill, in the West Riding
of Yorkshire ; from the members of the political union
of the city of London ; from the Irish trades' political
union ; from the inhabitants of Lochray, in the
county of Galway; front a person named Henry Davis;
the parishes of Thilcolernan and Roben, Kiog's court
political union, from an individual in Portsea named
William Lincoln, from another individual named
James Templar, and from the parish of Kilbeny. Also
petitions for the repeal of the Union, from Kilhy, in
Yorkshire; from Grange Gormon ; from the plasterers
of Dublin, alas two parishes in the County of Wexford.
For the abolition of tythes from Duncannon, and from the
Trades Political Union of Dublin, praying for an alteration
in the Irish Reform Bill.

Mr. E. J. S I'ANLEY presented a petition from
Staleybridge, praying for a commission of inquiry into the
factory system, and one to the same t fleet from Hyde.
He concurred in the prayer of the petitions.

. .
Mr. R. WALKER presented a petit on from certain
Methodis,s, for the removal of the disabilities under which
Dissenters laboured.

Lord CAVENDISH presented a petition from Bake-
well, for an inquiry into the state of the currency, and for
a repeal of the taxes on malt. The Noble Lord slid, un-
less he saw very goad reason to alter his opinion, be
should vote against the motion of which notice had
been give❑ respecting the currency.—(Hear, hear.)
He also presented petitions from the same phce, for an
alteration in the Beer Bill, and from Eckington against
the small note currency.
Mr. L. WATKINS presented three petitions from
Brentnor (we believe) against c lonial slavery.
Mr. BARROW presented a petition from Totness,
praying that the expense of repairing turnpike-roads may
be defrayed by tolls and not by imposing Statute-duty
upon the inhabitants of the line of the road..
Mr LLOYD presented a petition from Stockport against
the Beer Law.

Lord JERNIYN presented a petition from Bury St,
Edmund's, in fivour of the Factories Bill.

Mr. WALLACE presented petitions from the Politi-
cal Union of Markinch, in favour of vote by bal-
lot, annual Parliaments, and universal suffrage;
a petition from the same parties against the Irish
Coercive Bill. He also presented petitions from the
handloom weavers of Renfrew, praying for an
_

. .
Inquiry into their trade, and from Greenock, relative to the
East Indian Cha►ter, and from a notary in Paisley con-
cerning conveyances.
Mr. THROGMORTON presented a petition from
Maryborough, respecting corporate abuses.
An Holt. MEMBER pmtponed his motion respecting
church patronage to the 4th of June.
HER ['FORD ELECTION.

The Clerk of the Committee brought up the minutes
of evidence on the Hertford election.

The S PEAKER at three o'clock left the chair.

STANFIELD has been engaged by the Mar-
quis of LANspowNa to produce a series of pictures, which
are to be placed on pannels in a new room built by the
Nohle Marquis, purposely to receive them. STANFIELD
has just finished the first of the series, which is a ♦iew
of Venice.

DEATH FROM THE BITE OF A Fox.—A very
unusual circumstance occurred in January last, on the
lower Glanmire road, about a mile from Cork. A labour-
ing man was going to work in the morning, when, as he
passed one of the sewers for carrying off the water, a fox
ran out and leaped at him as high as the face ; the man
pushed him off, and the fox made another rush at him,
but was repuls,il in the same way. In making a third
attempt, however, the man having turned a little round,
the fox caught him by the ear, and bit it, causing it to
bleed. The man then hallooed, and the fox ran back
to the sewer. The man then proceeded to his work; but
about a month since be was taken very ill, and continued
so until Friday last, when he died with the most violent
symptoms of hydrophobia.—Cork Chronicle.
BARON BAYLEY AND GAME PRESERVES.
—At the Flint Assizes, Baron BAYLEY, after alluding to
the numerous serious cases of poaching which had come
before the judges, said he could wish that gentlemen of
property and influence would consider whether they were
making the best use of the blessings and favours which
Providence had intrusted to their care by accumulating
game in such quantities upon their land as to afford an al-
most irresistible temptation to the lower orders for the com
mission of crime. WI was aware that it would be a great
sacrifice on the part of many gentlemen to reduce their
game, but he must submit to their consideration the im-
portant benefits which might accrue to the country if s
less quantity were reared upon their lands. He really
thought the amazing prolusion of game which was known
to exist a great inducement to successful poaching among
ignorant and thoughtless youths, who too often termi-
nated a career thus commtn.led by the commission of a
much graver offence.

Mr. NIORGAN O'CONNELL presented a petition from a
place in King's County, against the Irish Disturbances Bill.
Mr. FREDERICK HOWARD had a petition to pre-
sent from the borough of Murpeth, signed by all the
clergy and magistrates, and by most of the respectable
inhabitants of the town. Its prayer was for the better
observance of the Sabbath. He (Mr. H.) was certainly
not prepared to support the Bill brought in by the Hon.
Baronet, for the better observance of the Sabbath, but he
concurred in the principle of there being some new regu-
lations necessary for the purpose. He presented two
similar petitions from religious bodies meeting in the town
of Morpeth.

_ .
Mr. E. BULLER presented a petition from the Me-
thodists assembling for the purpose of worship at Stoke-
