NOTICE TO ADVERTISERS.

SUN OFFICE, JAN. 7, 1836.
From this day Advertisements will be received at
THE SUN Of/ice up to Two o'Clock, and in-
serted without any extra charge. The extraor-
dinary speed of our Machinery, which prints at the
rate of One Hundred Sheets per Minute, enables
us to delay going to Press much later than other'
Papers ; and this extension of time will, we trust,
he found occasionally very convenient for those
who may be delayed in getting Advertisements
ready for the usual time of the Evening Papers
going to Press.

NOTICE TO SUBSCRIBERS.
Those who wish to obtain the latest Parliamentary
News, should give orders, 'without delay, to their
respective News-agents, to insure SECOND EDI-
TIONS OF TIIE SUN. A Second Edition will be
given every Night during Parliament, containing the
Debates in both Houses up to the Hour of Post;
and upon all extraordinary occasions, EXPRESS
Editions will, as usual, be forwarded all over the
Kingdom. The circulation of TIrE SUN has
breathy increased during the last year, upwards of
Two HUNDRED THOUSAND Copies having been
sold more than during the previous year.

The publication of THE SUN NEWSY.% PER commenced this day
at 10 minntes past Three o' Clock.

04-3.
. .
- , =

71. be

LONDON,
THURSDAY EVENING, JANUARY 7, 1836.

Madrid journals to the 29th of December have been
received, from which copious extracts are given in
another part of The Sun. Their contents arc very
important, and most gratifying to the friends of Con-
stitutional liberty. It will he seen that the project of
law, voting confidence in the MENDIZABAL Admi-
nistration, received the sanction of a majority of the
Committee ; and from the language of the opposition
in the debate which took place upon it in the Chamber
of Deputies on the 28tli ult., we are justified in pre-
suming that it will pass into a law without any alte-
ration, as far as regards the principle of the measure.
M. MENDIZABAL is every day more and more a fa-
vourite with the inhabitants of Madrid. Even the
Clergy begin.. to perceive the necessity of supporting
him, and of warning their flocks against title dangers
of Carlist conspiracies.

The intelligence from the North of Spain commu-
nicated in the Madrid journals just received is most
cheering. The Carlists have suffered severely from
the stormy state of the weather, and the want
of clothing and provisions. Desertions among them
are becoming very frequent ; not of individuals only,
but of entire organized bodies. In fact, their condi-
tion is desperate. Without food, shelter, clothing, or
protection from the law, and obliged to witness, the
awful effects of famine in their little families, it is
morally impossible that they should hold out in de-
fence of a principle, which .even if just they are too
ignorant to comprehend.
The family of the unfortunate RIEGo have ad-
dressed a declaration to the QUEEN-REGENT, thanking
her in the most grateful terms for the Royal decree of
the 31st of October, by which the heirs of that illus-
trious Chief had their former rank, honours, and pro-
perty, restored to them.

We have received the Annual Report of the Com-
mittee of Deputies of the Protestant Dissenters to the
General Meeting. We should have been happy, had
our limits allowed us, to insert it entire, but, though
drawn up with great conciseness, it is too long for the
space which we can at present afford.
The Report gives a succinct and interesting detail of
the proceedings which have been adopted by the Com-
mittee during the past year, arising out of those poli-
tical events which more particularly affected Dissenting
interests. The proposed grant of money from the
Consolidated Fund for the purpose of building and
endowing churches in Scotland, is mentioned in terms
of strong condemnation, and the Deputies are reminded

that " the time will soon arrive when the Dissenters of
England and Scotland will expect them to redeem the
pledge given to aid them, by evely constitutional means,:
in opposing the impolitic scheme." The principle on
which the grant is opposed is well expressed in the
following resolution, which is one of a series passed by
the Deputies at the time the question. was brought for-
ward in the House of Commons, and quoted in the
Report before us :—" That whilst they would continue
to manifest such liberality and zeal (in promoting reli-
gious objects), they are bound by their principles to
disapprove and oppose the appropriation of the public
revenue, and the consequent imposition of taxes in '
favour of any particular seer or religious denomination,.
because such grants and taxation infringe that perfect'
religious equality among all the members of the com-
munity which should ever exist, and to the violation of
which they attribute the many and unjust grievances.
of which they have vet to complain."
The death of Mr. SMITH, the fearless and consis-
tent advocate of civil and religious liberty, during a
long and active public life, is next alluded to. We
ur.ite our sincere belief to that of the enlightened body
over which he so long and so honourably presided,
" that his name will long and justly be cherished as
the persevering and dauntless enemy of ignorance,
slavery, and war ; and as the advocate of liberal edu-
cation, of religious liberty, of popular rights, and Public
Reform."

After referring to the attack made upon the Dis-
senting body by the savage treatment of Mr. CHILDS
of Bungay, who, our readers will recollect, was con-
fined among felons in Ipswich gaol, for not appearing
in the Ecclesiastical Court to state why he demurred
to the payment of a 17s. 6d. church-rate, the Com-
mittee express the satisfaction they have in being able
" to inform the Meeting that his Majesty's Ministers
are about to redeem their pledge, by early bringing
before Parliament measures for their relief. They are
now preparing two Bills, one for the Registration of
Births, Marriages, and Deaths, and another for the
Marriage of Dissenters, the contents of which will be
communicated to the United Committee before their
introduction into the House of Commons."
The observations which the Committee make on the
Marriage Bill, which Sir ROBERT PEEL threw as a
sop to disarm the hostility of the Dissenters, are not
very flattering to the clap-trap Administration :
" As the acknowledgment of a wrong and the concession
of a remedy by a party which has uniformly opposed both,
it must produce some practical advantage. But, fortunately
for the interests of our cause, the authors of this measure
were not in power long enough to enable them to carry or
complete it."
Contrast this language with the expression of confi-
dence contained in the resolution-passed by the Body
to whom the Report we have been considering was
presented.
" At the Meeting of the Deputation to whom the fore-
going Report was submitted, the following Resolution was
unanimously adopted :--c That this Deputation entertain
cordial confidence in the present Administration, whom they
believe to be really devoted to the cause of Religious Li-
berty and Constitutional Reform ; and have no doubt that
they will fulfil their promise, early in the next Session of
Parliament, to bring forward measures for the relief of Dis-
senters, from several of the many and great grievances they
yet endure. But this meeting are of opinion, that to encou-
rage his Majesty's Ministers in their proceedings, and to
promote their efforts, it is desirable that Congregational
Petitions to Parliament should be soon renewed from the
metropolis, and all parts of England and Wales, urging the
general relief of Dissenters ; and especially the enactment,
without delay, of Bills, for a National Civil Registration of
Blrtlas* ana,1:0410401--for amending the Marriage
Laws as to Dissenters—and for the removal of Church
Rates :—and that they also recommend Local Committees
to correspond with Members of Parliament and obtain their
support."

This Resolution, coming as it does from the Re-
presentatives of the Dissenters, cannot fail to produce
a most beneficial effect. It must be highly satisfactory
and encouraging to his MAJESTY'S Ministers to see
that, notwithstanding all the malignant attempts of the
Tories to place them in an equivocal position with
respect to the Dissenters, they stand as high as ever
in the esteem and confidence of that great and influen-
tial portion of the community. Nor must we omit to
bestow our warmest praise on the wisdom of the course
which our dissenting brethren have pursued during the
year that has closed ; as well as of that which is now
recommended to their adoption by the Committee.

We have just received a pamphlet, published by
RIDGWAY, entitled " Create," which is in the form
of a letter to the KING, and recommends the creation
of not less than a hundred Peers, as being the safest
and most practicable mode of carrying Reform into the
House of Lords. The pamphlet is well written, by
one who is evidently a sincere friend to Ministers, but,
at the same time, no sycophant. Speaking of the pre-
sent Government, the author sensibly observes, " it is
of course the fate of every Ministry to be violently
attacked ; but there never perhaps was any so easily
defended as the present, and for this reason—that all
the opposition with which it is assailed, has concen-
trated itself into one loud brawl against the so-called alli-
ance with O'CONNELL; the coarse sound can really only
claim attention by duration; its authors are not ambi-
tious men, they have been brought up with the homely
encouragement, that all natural deficiency may be com-
pensated by industrious exertion ; that the finest ala-
baster may be perforated by the dropping of muddy
water ; that the strongest cause may be undermined
by the incessant application of the most feeble intel-
lects." This is forcibly put, though the allusion was
scarcely worth making ; for even the Tories themselves
arc becoming ashamed of their late vulgar clamour about
the coalition of Ministers with O'CONNELL. The
common-sense of the people has scared them into
silence ; and having exhausted, for the present, their
stock in trade of falsehoods, they arc now beginning,
for want of better occupation, to bandy hard words with
each other. The political character of the people is
admirably hit off in this pamphlet ; and the title which
the author bestows on the Tory majority of the House
of Lords, namely, that they are the " Conscript
Fathers of Crockford's," is a classical allusion applied
in an apt, sarcastic spirit, worthy of Junius.

The Paris papers of Tuesday convey to us the satis-
factory intelligence, that there is virtually an end to
all differences between the Governments of the Tuil-
leries and Washington. The KING is entirely satisfied
with the Message of the PRESIDENT. MM. TIIIERS,
GUIZOT, and DE BROGLIE are likewise delighted
with the explanations which the PRESIDENT gave of
the offensive passages in his Message of the preceding
year. We must do M. TIMERS the justice to admit
that his views, on all questions of foreign policy, have
been unexceptionable since his accession to office. He
certainly gave the RING some sound advice ; but, un-
fortunately for himself and others, he is
deficient in
the art of giving good advice in the only way in which
it can be acceptable to men of rank. He is too much
of a pedant and a dancing-master, assumes too many
offensive airs, and indulges in too many ridiculous
grimaces, to communicate even the best views in such
a way as to impress others of his own sincerity and
,their importance. Thus, we happen to know that he
'disapproved of the supine indifference of France with
respect to the movements of Russia, both in the East,
and in Poland ; that he remonstrated against the
silence of France and England, when NICHOLAS
ordered the most illustrious of the Poles into exile ;
that he recommended an active intervention in Spain,
and advised the KING to march a regular army into
Navarre, with a view to crush the insurrection of the

Carlists, before it could &cyclone itself ; and that at
this moment nothing would give him more real pleasure
than a war with Russia, having for its object the
re-establishment of the nationality of Poland. Nor is
this a secret at St. Petersburg. In fact, NESSELRODE.
regards THIERS as the writer of the Articles in the
Journal dos Debats, which gave such offence to the
Autocrat, and this simply is the reason why such no-

tice has been taken of them. TRIERS, with all his
apparent levity, and real coxcombry, is a man of great
information, and of generally sound political views.
His greatest fault is that his vanity is stronger than his
love of principle ; and hence, to retain his place at
Court, he is ever read;• to make any sacrifice that the
KING may demand of him.
The French Chambers have not concluded the dis-
cussions on the addresses in answer to the Royal
Speech on opening the session. We have the autho-
rity of Lord JOHN HAY, for stating that the Govern-
ment no longer winks at the left-handed assistance
which the smugglers on the frontier gave to the
Spanish insurgents.

PARIS, JAN. s.—lt is announced that the Government
will present the Budget for 1837 immediately after the vote
on the Address.

The following seem to be the principal laws that the
Chamber of Deputies will have to discuss during the Ses-
sion :—The Municipal and Departmental Law ; Law on
the Organisation of the Council of State ; Law on the new
Organisation of the Court of Justice ; Law on Bounties
and Lotteries ; Law on Secondary Instruction ; Law on
the Responsibility of Ministers ; Law to regulate the
mode of executing the Law on the Jury ; Law on the
Duties of Customs.

The question of the nationality of Poland has frequently
been talked of, but now the following rather curious reports
are circulated among the friends of the Ministeri. It
appears that according to their usual tactics, the Ministry
believing that it will not be possible to prevent something
about Poland being said in the Address, and knowing be-
sides that the Chamber would never pass to the Order of
the Day on the petition of the Poles, will not make the
smallest opposition to the Chamber's inserting a phrase in
the Address ; it has even been remarked that some Minis-

terial Deputies have spoken to this effect in the Bureaux.
—Tenzps.
It was reported that the very pacific harangue of Count
Appony in the name of the Diplomatic Body, had not
been concocted between all the Ambassadors, and that it
had even been disavowed by one of them. It is likely
that this is not correct : immemorial usage, when the senior
Ambassador at Paris is obliged to speak in the name of the
Diplomatic Body, requires that he shall invite his col,
leagues to a dinner ; there the note is drawn up in concert
when it is approved by all the Ambassadors ; there never is
any opposition, because all have been concerned in drawing
up a document, which in the eye of the Diplomatist is oftne
something more than a mere matter of etiquette.—Messa-
ger, Jan. 5.

FRENCH FUNDS.—PARIS JANUARY 5.
Five per Cents., 108 f. 75c. 80c. Vic. 8.1;c.
Four per Cents., 99f. 75c. 80c. 85c.
Three per Cents. 81f. 35c. 40c. 20c; 35c.
Bank Actions, 2,150 f.
Route de Naples, 98f. 45c. 50c.
Roman Five per Cents., 102 1021 A.
Spanish Actives, 50%
Spanish Differes, 25%,4%.
Passives, 634 %,%.
Belgian Loan, rive per Cents., 102 102,..2
Portuguese Luau, Five per Cents., 85 84%.
Portuguese Loan, Three per Cents, 55% 55.
Haytian Loan, 410 f. 412 f. 50c.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, —f. —c. •, money, 25f 52;4c.
Three months, paper, 25f. 37 jqc. ; money, —f. —c.
—Coors Authenlique.
BOURSE, THREE o'Cnocx.—The market looked very steady
at the opening, but very little business was doing, on account
of the anxiety which prevails for the payments of to-morrow.
There are several defaulters, but very few are declared ; they
are endeavouring to settle matters in the best way. Prices
have, however, given way, and the Three per Cents. have de-
clined to 81f. 45c. sellers. The Spanish stocks are not in
demand, and the prices are worse than yesterday. No news
nor reports.
QUARTER TO FOUR.—Five per Cents., 109 f. 15c. ; Three
per Cents., 81f. 55c. ; Five per Cents. Spanish, —; Three
per Cents. Spanish, —; Cortes, —; Coupons, :251 ; Ouch-
hards, —; Differes, 19 ; New Loan, —; Actives, 501 ;
Passives, 161; Ducats, 98 75; Romans, ]O•4 ; Pedros, 84y ;
Belgians, 1021; Dutch, ---.f. ---e. ; Haytians, 4101. ;
Miguels, —; Brabant Bank, —; Belgian Bank, _; Con-
tinuation, —c. ; New Differes, 251 ; Five per Cent. Pet-pe-
tuelles,

The German Papers received this morning contain
an article from the Maine, dated the 29th ult., sneer-
ing at the efforts of the Liberals in every part of Ger-
many. This party, which, immediately after the French
Revolution of 1830, presented a rather appalling spec-
tacle to the most illustrious and most potent Kinglings,
PrincelinO, and Dukelings, who possess territories of
some two or more dozens of acres in Germany, is now
assailed with the most virulent rancour by the literary
confessors and chaplains of these Lilliputian Sove-
reigns. The article from the Maine is appropriately
followed by this announcement :
" The booksellers and publishers, as well as the dealers
in second-hand books, have lately received a prohibition to
sell the lately printed works : The Revolution,' by
Schafer, Mannheim, 1835, published by Hof ; The Mani-
festo of Reason, a Voice of the Times, in Letters to a
Fair Mystic,' by Clement, published by Hamrnerick, Al-
tona, 1836 ; Contributions to the History of the Church
in the 19th Century,' published by Holmann, Augsburg,
1836."

Weshall not give ourselves the trouble of commenting
upon these petty doings of the German Princes. Of
themselves they are nothing, and can do nothing.
They are the Punch and Judy of Russia and Prussia.
By advices from Berlin we learn that various ob-
stacles have been thrown in the way of the Railway
Companies by coach-contractors and others, much to
the annoyance of the Government.
The Brussels Papers state that the navigation of
the Scheldt has been stopped in consequence of the
thickness of the ice.

BRUTALIZING.—The Hull Observer notices the
gorge of a fellow known in Caistor by the nickname of
Rumpsteaks. It appears that " a (respectable ?) miller
engaged the man to kill a large fat pig, computed to
to weigh 85 stones. On opening the animal a display of
good things betokened as plain as could be a happy new
year to the owner. Sammy Rumpsteak, being observed
greedily to survey, and then to handle the kidney, which
he thought weighed a pound, the natural sharpness of the
owner judged he wanted to beg, and therefore gave it to
him. Sammy rejoiced exceedingly thereat, and begged the
favour of some pepper and salt, a little bread, and a pint
of ale, with which he was readily supplied ; and, to the
great surprise of a select party, for the trifling sum of six-
pence, he devoured the whole in its warm raw stale with
canine rapacity in less than ten minutes ! In the course
of the • day, his young companions raised a subscrip-
tion, and backed him to eat a quarter of a stone of raw
bulqbeef, which Rumpsteak has consented to do ; and
it is confidently reported in the town, that he has volun-
teered after the repast of the beef, to worry half a yard of
tripe in less time than a dog, called Nero, can do ! These
performances are expected to take place on the first day of
April next ensuing. There will be no collection." [We
are a little surprised that our respected Contemporary
should notice acts so brutalizing, without holding up the
cannibal and his supporters to execration.]

Some French boats, recently arrived at Alderney
from Cherbourg, bring the news that on Sunday night,
the 20th ult., a large French ship, of five hundred tons,
was lost on a ridge of rocks about one mile to the eastward
of a small island, near Cherbourg, called Pake, and all
hands on board perished, with th exception of a sailor, a
passenger, who swam to the aforesaid island, and thereby
saved his life. The vessel in question belonged to the firm
of Messrs. Manger and Co., of Cherbourg, and, melan-
choly to relate, Mr. Manger himself was on board at the
time, and perished with the crew. The vessel had just
been purchased at Havre-de-Grace, and was on her pas-
sage to Cherbourg._Comet.
We regret to announce the loss of the brig Eliza-
beth, Captain Fielding, in the Bay of Jaspe. _The crew
have most fortunately been saved.--Jersey Argus.

It is with regret we have to announce the unexpected
death of the Rev. Thomas Bedford, which took place
during the night of Thursday last. The Rev. gentleman
had at his usual hour retired to rest, apparently in good
health, but Mrs. Bedford, on awaking in the morning, re-
ccived'the agonizing shock of finding that her beloved hus-
band was a corpse.—Worcester Guardian.
Yesterday, as Lieutenant Russell, of his Majesty's
ship Dce, was conversing with some brother officers, at the
door of Harty's Hotel, he was suddenly seized by a strong
insensibleconvu l
eonfitthe steps.
(brought
Had he fallen in the street, it is
probable that the consequences would have been fatal. He
on by a coup de soled), and fell
was immediately carried into the tavern, where the most
prompt and humane assistance was rendered him, and be
is now out pf drneT,-r-janialca Herald, Nov. 27.

SHIPPING.-(THIS DAY.)
(FROM LLOYD'S.)
DEAL, JAN. 6.—Wind S.W., hazy.—Arrived the Corin-
thian, Griffin, from Virginia; lert, Torrington, from Cadiz :
and Jane, Anderson. from Oporto. Arrived from the river
and remain the Bruce, Heller, for Sierra Leone ; William and
Thomas, Hicks, for Portsmouth ; Water Witch, Henry, for
Malta ; and Nancy, --, for Southampton. Put hack and
remain with others outward-bound the Brilliant, Harmony, and
Choctaw.

PORTS3IOUTII, JAN. 6.—Wind W. to S. S. E.
PLYNIOUTII, JAN. s.—Wind S. S.W., fine weather.—The
Sir Charles Malcolm, freight ship, went out of harbour this
morning, her repairs haring been completed. It will be re-
membered that she put in here on the 11th ult., on her way
from Cork to Ceylon, being leaky under her bows. She has
on board four Service companies of the 90th regiment, 450
privates, besides women and children, and the following
officers :—Lieutenant- Colonel Arbuthnot, Major AP Slade ;
Captains Egerton and Wilson ; Lieutenants Caldwell, Ery-
tort, Galway, and Webb; Ensigns Lord H. J. Chichester,
Lord T. Beresford, C. B. Chester. D. F. Mackworth, 'F. E.
I'hackwell, 11. Fane, and E. H. Rey ; Adjutant I'. H. Cot-
ton ; and Paymaster H. S. Eager. This ship will sail hence
for her destination, Ceylon, the first fair wind. Arrived the
Sealark, Cuthbertson, out 70 days, from Zante, with currants;
Perlen, Neilson, from Salona, with nuts ; and Fly, Soper,
from Greece—she encountered heavy weather, and was obliged
to throw a quarter of her cargo overboard.
STANGATK CREEK, JAN. 6.—Arrived the Rousseau, Park,
from Ibrail.

POOLE, JAN. 6.—Arrived the Montagu, Claus, from New-
foundland ; and Fendon, Forster, from Liverpool, bore up
from long. 60., with foremast sprung, bound to St. Andrew's.
SWANAGE, JAN. s.—Arrived off port the Adrianople, San-
son, from Archangel.
LIVERPOOL, JAN. s.—Arrived the Kirkella, Brown, from
St. John's, New Brunswick ; Wellington, Fisher, from Cape
Breton ; Elizabeth, Smith, from Quebec ; and Ellen, German,
from LisLon.

The following letter has been received at Lloyds' this morn-
ing, from their agent at Peterhead, respecting the vessels
beset in the ice at Davis' Straits, dated Jan. 3

" Sir—l am happy to state that the Grenville Bay, one
of the whalers that was beset in the middle ice, is now off
here. I have seen Captain Taylor, who was on shore getting
some fresh provisions, and making arrangements for sending
home those of his crew belonging to Orkney. He also has
on board sixteen men, part of the crews of the ships Dordon,
Mary Frances, and Lee. He reports that he got clear the
16th December, and that the Norfolk, of Berwick, got free
three days previously, which vessel he expects is now in Ork-
ney. He drifted down 691 degress in Davis' Straits, and was
driven into Hudson's Straits by the current on the North side,
and was again driven out by the current on the South side,
round Bullon's Island, as far as 90 degrees on the Lab: adore
Coast, where he got clear. At the time when he was re-
leased, be was driving S. E., and at a rate of twenty miles a
day. He has been driven upwards of 600 miles inclosed in
the ice. He last saw the Lady Jane on the 15th of Decem-
ber, in latitude 59 degrees, about five or six miles to the S.W.
of the Grenville Bay, surrounded at the time by a deal of ice.
When he last skv the Abram she was in lat. 62, bearing S. S. E.
The Grenville Bay had about a month's provisions in full al-
lowance left. Captain Taylor got the half of the provisions
of the Dordon, and agreed to take on board half the crew, but
a less portion came to his ship. The Abram got a share of
the provisions of the Dordon, and Captain Taylor thinks she
has on board, including part of the crews of the lost vessels,
about 100 men. I found it quite correct that the provisions of
the Mary Frances were burnt along with the ship. The prac-
tice of setting fire to a ship on being lost or abandoned, ap-
pears to be very improper ; and surely the wilful destruction of
provisions, if such custom exists, cannot be too severely repro-
bated, nor too soon put a stop to. Captain T. hopes that the
Lady Jane and Abram would be liberated, but from the un-
certainty of the current, and the changing of ice, no accurate
opinion could be formed how or when. I believe that the
Grenville Bay has 3 fish, about 70 tons."
