IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, MAT S.

The Earl Of SHAFTESBURY at On the Woolsack in Ihr
iirieore of the LORD CHANCELL.R.
A comber of Private Bills were brought ap front the
Commons by Lord O'SSORY, Mr. Velt.)osN, and Mr.

FINN 1 ILA.
Lord DACRE presented peAtivos from Hemel Hemp
4tead and St. Alban's, ins ‘avour of the immediate aboht.on
of slavery, and several in favour of the principles of Mr.
Sadler's Factory Bill.
A potion was presented from the Presbytery of (ial-
Pmway against the new system of education in Irelsnd, by
:noble Lord whose name w.s not known,
The Duke of RICHMOND presented a pettitloh kom
the Political Union of Lewes, praying OA% tbAeir Ltd-
ships would pass the Reform Bill with Ont mutilation or
delay.
The Earl of ABERDEEN 'presented a petition from
Presbytery of &hen),
- - en, aga:nit the new system of
education in Ireland.

Lord KING r,,esented a great number of petitions frT.sn
places in E",gland and Ireland, against tith.s, and one
:r m Tull more, against the punishment of death for a.,),
other btfence than murder.

The Bishop of BRISTOL presented a petition from
Saffron Walden, against cruelty to animate.
The Duke of WELLINGTON presented a petition
from the Corporation of Warwick, against the Reform Bill.
The Earl of HAREWOOD presented a petition from a
plate in Yorkshire, praying., that if the Reform Bill rinsed
into a law, t►at coonty might not be divided.
Lord MELBOURNE postponed tte committal of the
Irish Tithe Bill oa account of the number of amendments
which required consideration.
The Archbishop of ARMAGH hoped that until a de-
cision was come to, the clergy would be assisted, as :tarty
of them in the disturbed districts were setrering great dis-
tress. The most Rev. Prelate bete entered into a long
history of the opposition to tithes.

The Earl of WICKLOW *aught some day ought to he
appointed for going ire^ t. Committee on this 11‘11, whi
was one of the great irriportanee.
Lord lIELBOrtiNE fixed it for Friday next.
The Hon,t then adjourned till to .morrow,
