(FROM OUR PRIVATE SORRESPONDENT.
DUBLIN, APRIL 21.
ANTI-SLAVERY MEETING.
This day an important Meeting of the friends of Negro
Emancipation was held at the Rotunda. At one o'clock the
Chair was taken by the LORD MAYOR.
The SECRETARY said he had received letters from the Re-
corder, Mr. Litton, M. P., D. Uwick, and others, apologising
for non-attendance.
Mr. PYRRY moved the first resolution, which was to the
effect that the abolition of slavery was a matter of right, sod
regarded by them as totally distinct from party politics.
Mr. O'HACIAN, Editor of the Newry Examiner, seconded
the resolution in a very eloquent speech of considerable
length.

The resolution was unanimously adopted.
Mr. ArimsraoNo proposed a resolution, regretting the con-
duct of those Irish Members who had voted against Sir
George Strickland's motion, and expressive of gratitude to
those who supported it.
Mr. PETER PURCELL seconded the motion, and it was unani-
mously carried.
Mr. JONES M'CuLtAait moved the next resolution, declar-
ing the necessity of joining the Scotch and English in their
exertions for immediate abolition of the apprenticeship.
Mr. DILLON seconded the resolution. It was adopted with-
out dissent.

Mr. O'CONNELL, in a very able and eloquent speech, in the
delivery of which he was repeatedly and loudly cheered, ex-
posed the fallaciousness of the arguments advanced in fa-
vour of the continuance of the apprenticeship system. He
painted in glowing colours the sufferings of the slave,
and called upon all classes and creeds to join him in his
endeavours to set them free. He concluded by moving a re-
solution calling on the people to petition for the immediate
abolition of slavery.
Mr. JAMES HA UGIITON seconded the resolution.
adopted.
A vote of thanks to the Marquis of Sligo and the other
slaveowners who have declared it to be their determination to
liberate all their slaves in August was passed.
It was next resolved that the petition should be present to
the Commons by Mr. O'Connell, and to the Lords by the
Marquis of Sligo.
The Lord Mayor was then moved from the chair, and
Peter Purcell, Esq., called thereto. After the usual vote of
thanks the meeting separated.

It was

It is confidentlicalCulated that the effect of this meeting
will be an unanimous movement in favour of abolition,
throughout this country. Though the speeches were forcible
and argumentative, the subject has been so thoroughly ex-
hausted, that an outline of the proceedings is as much as
could be interesting to your readers. The Quakers and Uni-
tarians have been the principal movers in the abolition agita-
tion in Ireland.

KILKENNY CORPORATION.—An assembly of Darien Hun-
dred, of the mayor and citizens of Kilkenny, was held upon
Thursday, to repeal further bye-laws of the Corporation.
After a lengthened discussion; Ib was finally agreed that a
Committee of the citizens should be al; pointed to confer with
the Aldermen relative to an amicable settlornent of the diffe-
rences between that body and the citizens a: large. The
meeting then adjourned to the 3d of May, upon wLich day it
is determined not only to repeal the old laws, but proceEd with
the first reading of some new and more liberal enactments re-
cognising the right of popular controul.
Tun PROJECTED CONTROVERSY. —The final arrangements
for the controversy between the Rev. Thomas Maguire, and
the Rev. Mr. Gregg, upon the relative claims of the Esta-
blished and Catholic Churches to superiority, were yesterday
entered into. The Rotunda has been procured at a cost of
lot a-day for the discussion, which will take place on the last
Tuesday in May, and several succeeding days. It is ru-
moured, however, that a meeting of the Protestant citizens
is about to be held, to protest against the merits of the Esta-
blished
Church being tried by the testimony of Mr. Gregg.
Several of the evangelical organs have taken this view of the
matter already.
CENTRALBOARD OF REGISTRATION.-The new Society has out-
grown its childhood. A large number of members have joined
it, and arrangements have been entered into under the direc-
tion of Mr. O'Connell to make it exceedingly effective. A
Managing Committee has been appointed in Dublin, and Sub-
Committees for each of the Circuits. The Managing Com-
mittee is to meet at the Corn Exchange each Monday and
Wednesday, and the General Board on the first Tuesday of
each month.

MILITARY INQUIRY.—The military inquiry in Kilkenny has
terminated ; the result is not yet known, but the Kilkenny
Journal, which made the charge against the officers, expr,:sses
itself satisfied with the conduct of the Court Martial.
A NEW SYSTEM OF BOOK-KEEPING.—The following adver-
tisement appears in the Newry Examiner:—" To Book-
keepers.—_ anted several odd volumes of different works
(including music), lent at sundry times to various persons.
Any information where they may be recovered will be thank-
fully received at Ivy Lodge, near Newry."
Mr. O'Connell will sail for Holyhead to-morrow. He will
be accompanied by his son Morgan O'Connell, Esq., M. P.
for Meath : Maurice, the Member for Tralee, is about to be
entertained at a public dinner by his constituents, and will
follow soon after. The Report of the Poor-law Committee
will be brought before a meeting after Mr. O'Connell's
departure.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

NEWMARKET CRAVEN MEETING-CONCLUDED.

SATURDAY.

Match, 200, h. ft. D.M.—The Duke of Portland's c. by Taurus,
out of Thebes, reeeired from Lord Lichfield's c. Tableau, by Eman-
cipation, out of Sister to Portrait, Bst. 71b. each.
_ .

Match, 200, h.ft.—The Duke of Portland's f. by Terisias, out
of Souvenir, received from Lord Lichfield's c. by Emilius, out of
Seamevr, Bst. 71b. each.

Match, 200, h. ft. R.M.—Lord Lichfield's c. H. 8., by Bedla-
mite, out of Terry Alt's dam, received from the Duke of Portland's
c. by Priam, out of Manto, Bst. 71b. each.

The meeting on the whole was well attended, but the weather
was exceedingly unfavourable, and the sport not by any means so
good as the list led us to anticipate. Many of the stakes and matches
went off in forfeits, several were badly contested, and not one had
any serious effect on the Derby betting. The latter remark does
riot apply to the Oaks, for which Unique and Barcarolle have been
sent to the right about, Callisto driven back several points, and
Acacia brought into great favour.
The First Spring Meeting commences on Monday week, has a
good list, and is likely to attract a very full attendance to witness
the race for the 2,000 Guineas Stakes.

(FURTHER PARTICULARS OF FRIDAY'S RACES.)
Fifty Sovs. Stakes.—The favourite (Unique) took the lead at a
middling pace, Barcarolle waiting on her to the bushes, where they
changed places, and the latter seemed to be winning easy ; Robinson,
however, making the same use of his mare that proved so suecessful
on Tuesday, nursed her to the end, where he went to her, made
his push al-evr strides from the post, and won cleverly by a length.
Previous to the race Unique had been backed for the Oaks at. 7 to 1.
The Port Stakes.—Troilus made running, followed by Caravan,
the others lying up. At the ditch Caravan took up the work, and
at the new ground the pace had been good enough to take the " go"
out of both Lord Exeter's horses. Shortly after Scott called on
Epirus and headed Caravan, and at a distance from home Rat• trap
was running alongside on the waiting side, the three being now
several lengths a-head of Troilus and Dardanelles. At the ropes
Rat-trap quitted his companions, and won in a canter by three
lengths, to the astonishment of every person on the course. It is
clear either that he was never in his right form last year after the
Newmarket Stakes, or that he has improved to an extent almost
without precedent. We did not hear of a sixpence laid out upon
him. Caravan was beaten rather more than a length from Epirus.
Plate.—Scamander made the running to the new ground, where
Grand Cairo was beaten off. The Shakspeare colt came at the
cords, and won by a length easy.
Handicap.-5 to 2 agst St-akspeare colt, 3to 1 agst Captain
Rock, 3 to 1 agst Quicksilver, and 7to 2 agst Allerston. The
Captain cut out the work, followed by the Shakspeara colt, Quick-
silver joining them two distances from home ; a severe race between
the last two ended in a dead heat. After the dead heat 4t04 on
Quicksilver, who made all the play, and won by a length, easy.

1100 RACES, SAM, RadY.
The Two-Year-Old Stakes of 25 sovs. each; colts, Bst. 71b ; fillies
Bst. 21b. T. Y. C. 3 Subs. ,
Mr. Webber's b. g. St. Paul (own brother to Adelaide) walked over.
The Hunters' Sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, h. ft., bona fide the
property of members of the Herta Club (once round and a distance ;
four years, lOst. 71b; five, list. 2lb ; six, list. 71b • and aged,
I Ist. 91b., Gentlemen riders (4 Subs. ), were wen by kr. Bevan's
br. g. Scotsfoot, 5 yrs.
Match, 50 sovs., 12st. each. Last three quarters of a mile.—Mr.
Brand's b. g. Tarvey beat Mr. D. Radcliffe's b. g. Cricketer.
The Farmers' Purse, given by the Gentlemen of the Ilerts Hunt
Club, for horses the owners of which occupy net less than sixty
acres of land, Ste. 19st. each. A winner of this stake any pre-
ceding year 51b. extra. Heats, once round and a distance. 11
Subs.

Mr. Nightingale's b. m. Adie, 5 yrs
Mr. J. Hill's b. h. Dupont, aged 2 0 0
Mr. G. Webb's eh. m. Rosebud
Sweepstakes of 5 sows. each, with 20 added by the Club, for horses
bona fide the property of the members of the Club. Mile heats.
Mr. D. Radcliffe's gr. f. Evergreen, 3 yrs, I Oat Owner 1
Mr. Webber's bik. g. Othello, by Barytes, Adelaide's d, 3 yrs 2
Wou by a neck.

Match, 50 sovs., catch 3l;:Barclay's b. g. Sparrow
beat Mr. Bevan's b. g. Contract.

CATTERICK BRIDGE RACES, THURSDAY.
The Champagne Stakes of 20 sovs. each, p.p., with 20 sovs. added
from the Club Fund, for two-years-old ; colts, Bst. 31b ; fillies,
Bst. Three quarters of a mile. 10 Subs. •
Mr. Bell's b. f. La Sage Femme, by Physician, or Gainsborough 1
Mr. Fox's b. 1. by Langar, out of Lady of the Tees 2
Duke of Leeds's b. c. by Waverley, dam Rhodocantlia 3
Mr. Carter's b. f. No. 3, by Jerry, out of Gin, by Juniper 4
Mr. Peirce's b. f. sister to Elizabeth, by Waverley
Lord Egliuton's ch. c. Zoroaster, by Priam bolted
A good race.
Sweepstakes of 25 sovs. each, h. ft., for the produce of mares
covered in 1834 ; colts, Bst. 31b ; fillies, Bst. Two miles. 5 Subs.
Duke of Leeds's ch. c. Arcturus, by Actaeon Templeman 1
Mr. Chilton's br. c. Peter the Great, by Voltaire 2
Won easy.
The Filly Stakes of 25 sovs. each, 10 ft., for three-yrs-old fillies,
Bst. each. Mile and a half. 4 Subs.
Hon. T. Dundas's b. f. Siberia, by Brutandorf

walked over
