FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

PARIS, JUNE eB.—Our Madrid Correspond-
ence is to the 17th inst. The Cortes tranquilly
continued their labours ; and the insurgents who
'had re-appeared upon some points, were every
where taken or dispersed.--(Constitutionnel.)
A 11 the troops which were in garrison at Tou-
louse marched the 22d inst. upon Bayonne ; Gen.
Leeier Rellair set out the day before for the
same destination. It is stated that this General
'has the inspection in chief of the Cordon Sani-

staire.—(l4lem.) '
General Berton is stated to have been subject-
ed to several interrogatories at Poitiers.
The Duke Decazes returned to Paris on 'Mon-
day evening ; the state of health of the Duchess
.does not permit him to take the journey which
has been spoken of.
A hater from Poitiers states, that General
-Berton arrived there- the 22d instant, at eight in
the evening. The numerous escort which guard-
-ea him are to form a part of the garrison there
-till the end of the trial of him and his accinn-

The Journal de Nantes states, that papers and
-letters were found on Berton at the time of his

arrest.
It was Some time since stated in all the Jour•
nals, that the Commissary-General of .Police at
Payonne had been summoned to Paris, to render
an account of his conduct. The motives which
dictated this measure have given rise to the most
extraordinary reports. They are of such a na-
ture that it is impossible for us to state them, be-
cause, in matters so delicate, we wish and we ought
to state only certain facts. One means of putting
a stop to all conjectures and reports would be,
to explain the reasons that have dictated the mea-
sure of severity, which the Government has
thought it its duty to adopt against its Commis-
sary ; but these explanations the Ministry alone
can give, and its habitual organs maintain in this
-respect a silence which has no other result than
- to induce a-belief in all the lamentable reports
that are in circalation.—(Constitutionne/.)
Letters from Bayonne of the 20th instant state,,
that 4,500 men of the troops composing the cor-
don had received orders to march immediately,
partly upon Saint Jean Pied de Port and partly
upon Oleron ; twelve pieces of artillery from Ba-
yonne were on the road for these destinations.—
(Idem.)
[PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE.]
" VIENNA, JUNE 16.—1 t is stated, that M. de
Tatitscheff expected to have learnt on his arrival
here, that all the preliminary articles of the
verbal arrangement made at Constantinople had
been fulfilled, and that it only remained to fix
-the place foz ulterior negociations. None of the
-articles agreed upon, however, have yet been
:-executed. It is stated, that a Courier has in
-.consequence been sent from hence to Constanti-
. -ample with instructions to M.de LUtzow, the ob-
ject of which is to bring about a result that may
:no longer leave the negociations in,uncertainty.
The report is circulated that an assurance has
'been given by M. de Tatitscheff, that his Sove-
reign will come to a Congress, the assembling of
which was determined upon at the close of the
-Congress. of Laybach, but it is stated that the
Emperor of Russia is desirous the new Congress
,may be held in a town less distant from Russia.
.It is possible the Congress may be held here.-
- The Greeks have armed their whole marine ;
they have now 200 vessels at sea, and there is
-.some disquietude at Constantinople respecting
the fleet of the Capitan Pacha. A second fleet
is equipping in the Dardanelles, and the Janis-
saries have made an offer to serve at sea, which
'has been accepted. We know nothing respect-
ing the Morea. Napoli di Romana, Modon,
•Coron, and Patras still hold out. In Macedonia,
the insurrection displays the same ferocious cha-
-meter as in the islands. The . Paella of Sa-
- lonica has entirely destroyed the town of
Nianska ; five thousand families were im-
,molated to the fury of the Turks. Jaffi-
' -saki, the. Greek Chief, before retiring, killed
:the women and children, to save them from
Turkish slavery. The 23d of May dispatches
were ;received at Constantinople from Janina,
-sent by Chourshid Pacha, 12 Deputies from the
Morea were then in his camp. It is said, that
-they had made a proposition for areconciliation,
but -this appears improbable. The massacre at
'Scie of. the 86 Primates, including 3 Archbishops
and 4 Bishops, has excited a very strong sensa-
, tion at St Petersburgh."
VIENNA, JUNE 17.—Two ,Russian Nobles in-
vested with high functions have fought with
-pistols in the environs of that capital. It is said
that one of them received a wound which is
thoughtto be mortal.-,--The Count Golowkin, the
Russian Minister to our Court, set out to-day on
leave of absence. He proceeds first to Dresden :
he will be provisionally replaced by M. de Ta-
tischeff.—For three or four days the Funds have
-fallen a little. The Metalliques, which were on
the 14th at 80 5-20, are to-day at 79 7-20.
SEMLIN, JUNE 9.—According to the report of
travellers who arrived yesterday from Janina at
'Belgrade.in twelve days, Chourschid Pacha, un-
able to effect his junction with the Paella. of Sa-
loniclia, near Veria, had been defeated by the
Greeks, near Nova Castor', and repulsed to with-
_in three leagues of Janina. If this intelligence
is confirmed, it will have much influence on the
;future prospects of the Greeks.--Advises from
Salonica state, that all the hostages who had been
taken, had been put to death either at Constan-
tinople or on the road. According to other re-
:ports, Haleb Effendi had summoned the Boyars
of Moldavia and Wallachia, who live in the Ca-
pital under a severe surveillance, in order to con-
vert them to Islamism, but all these accounts re-
quire confirmation. "
NUREMBERG, JUNE I.—A.ccording. to advices
received- from Turkey, the Reis Effendi had de-
-dared, that in the space of two months the Morea
"would be subjected, and in one month the islands.
:if this be true, the icorte•will not, before that
-period, come to any determination in its rela.
_lions with Russia. ,

[Extract of
,a Private Letter.l
, AUGSBURG, JUNE 2l.—Extract of a letter from a Corre-
spondent at Vienna:—" The accounts from the frontiers of
...Turkey are not of so satisfactory a nature as the preceding ones.
