LOCAL TITKNPIKE ACTS.
Mr. FOX MA LTLE obtained leave to bring ;n a Bill to
continue for a limited time the Lec.l Turnpike Acts for Eng-
land and Wales, which expire with this or tl:e ensuing session
of Parliament.

PARISH OF ST. JAMES, WESTMINSTER.
On the rnAion of Sr DE LACY EVANS (the consen
of the Crown being signified by Mr. E. J. S,anley) a Com-
mittee was appoint d '• to inquire into and report upon Via
claims of the paving Committoe of the paCs'a of St. James,
Westminstor, for the gum of 7,000 L, said to be due to them,
and unpaid, by the Commissioners under the Ncw-stre,t
Act :—Sir De Lacy Evanq, Mr. E. J. Stanley, Mr. Leads r,
Lord Viscount Lowther, Mr. Robert Gordon, Mr. Hawes,
Mr. Brarnston, Mr. George Byng, Mr. Gorge
Mr. Wilson Poten. Mr. Binnerman, Mr. Hume, Mr. Robert
Steuart. Mr. Lawelles. alai Captain Ellive."
MUNICIPAL CORPORATIONS (IRELAND) BILL,

1 .336.
Ga the motion of Lord JOHN RUSSELL, this 1111 was
order' d to be reprinted as it elnie down ;mended fro tt the
House of Lords. He consiel. red it would l.e useful to Hon
Members of that House to b, in possession of t.tis Bill when
the Bill now before their Lordships carve down to that Nous.%
CUSTOMS ACTS.
.Mr. P. THOMSON gave notice that nn Thursday next
he should move that the House do resolve itself into Commit-
tee on the Customs Acts. •

TITHES.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL pstpned the co%sidor.ition of
the resolution of the Committee on Tithes from to-morrow till
Thursday.
The other Orders of the Day were di.iposel of, and the
House adjourned at One o'Clock.

preparation would only serve t: engender bad blood between tre :Mauritius from the other colonies, that the termination of
the slaves and their masters, and the consequence would he the apprenticeship system of the non-predials was six months
Oat that which would be perfectly safe in 1888 would be let, rtlan in other places; that was, that it commenced on
pregnant with danger in 1840. This was the opinion of the the Ist of February, instead of the Ist of August. He cn-
more intelligent planters themsslves, and this was the cpitti.n. tertained no doubt in his own mind that in this island the re
of the noble Governor of Jamaica himself, as dictated in a suit w.,uld be that which they anxiously desired; but in Ile..
soeech to the Assembly, which conclud 'd with the memorahl, thie.e gr.-at Crown colonies in the West Indies, he had not the
statement that it would be physically impossible to reasntain Aighte-t doubt that two out of the three would at once accom-
the apdrenticesleip with any hope of a sueees,ful agriculture pl;s11 the vyork, and most probably the example would be fol_
It was, then, for the planters as well as for the slaves that I e 'owed by the third. By this means the question would be
(Lord Brougham) appeared as counsel before their Lordship, said, din a moat saeisfactory manner, and it would render un-
He turned to Jamaica with the language of hearty conerattna eccessery tle painful alternative. He did not know that lie
tion and with the warmest admiration. —( Hear ) J,maica had had ant thing more to state, as all that he presumed that his
saved herself from all those dark evils which were to be appre_ Noble Fiend required was a simple statement of the affeirs of
hended in the unchartered colonies, unless the present rnotioi, he colonies at present. lie would then only add that he had
were agreed to. He heartily congratulated toat great colony, little doubt but that before the rext session his Noble Friend thet owing to the true exercise of her legislative power, she heo would see a complete termination of the apprenticeship system
no longer to dread the awful and tempestuous night of negro in all the colonies.
insubordination. It was for the Pat liament of this couatss to Lord BROUGHAM wished to know whether in the in-
do th :t for he unchartered colonies wills:: fie sat.t of a lm•a1 oruction't that had been sent out to the Govern ors of the
legislstute rendered them unable t , do for tie inselves___ to Crown colonies any time was specified for recommending the
protect them, and to rescue tile life and property wit'iin thsrn tr ratination of the apprenticeship system ? l'e also wished to
front the sword and fire and horrors of negro itisuir, ction. by know whether, in case the Cow tof Policy in Guiana passed an
t mely action. Time now was every thing; a day's delay Act which had not received the sanction of the Government
would be mischievous; a month's delay might be ruinous; e at home, it wculd be binding in the colony? The Isl,:ble
half year's fatal. In conclusion, he called upon their Lord- Lord argued the case as if the same independent powerexisted
ship's, by every consideration of justice and mercy—by the in this colony as in Jamaica.
character which this country had of fortitude in -war, and Lord GLENELG, in answer to these question, read some
courtesy and kindness in peace—by its character for genero- extracts from the communications from the Celonial-office to
sit}, for religion, for Christian religion—by the groans of the several Governors of the colonies, but in such an indistinct
myriads of bondsmen, he called on them t ) assent to his mo- tone of voice as to have been almost inaudible to the reporters.
tion. The motion which the Noble and Learned Lord then Lord BROUGHAM said that he was much surprised and
proposed was That an humble address Le pr .sented to her gratified at the communication that had been made by his
Majesty, praying that her Majesty would be graciously pleased Noble Friend. He entertained some doubts, however, who-
to cause an Order in Council to be issued putting a period, ther the Governor and Council of the Mauritius and other
under proper provisions and regulations, to negro apprentice- Crown colonies, without the direct interposition of the Crown
ship in the unchartered colonies of the Crown." could pass such a law as would be requisite. The situation
Lord GLEN EL G observed that the Noble and Learned of these Crown colonies was very different from that of the
Lord in the commencement of his speech had expressed likt chartered colonies. He would, therefore, recommend that ape-
congratulations at the news received that day from the West cial dispatches should be sent out to each of tl.ese colonies,
Indies. He (Lord Glenelg) joined most cordially in the authorising the Governor in taking the necessary steps.
feeling of general satisfaction which that news must have Lord GLENELG thought that it would turn out that the
inspired in the mind of all who took an interest in this great doubt could easily be resolved, but there could be no possible
question.—( Hear.) The Noble and Learned Lord must not objection to send out such dispatches as had been suggested
suppose that those who resisted the earlier close of appl en- by his Noble Friend.
tieeship felt less for the interests of the negro population and Lord BROUGHAM was very well satisfied with the ex_
lanation of the Noble Lord. At the same time he thought
for the interests of the colonies that the Noble and Learned I'
Lord himself did when he moved for the intervention of the that it might be well to frame the Order in Council for the
imperial authority on the subject. He ( Lord Glenelg) and Governor of the Mauritius to use, if he fourd that the Coun-
those who acted with him had always maintained that the ail or Legislature refused to enact a law for the termination of
objection was to the intervention of that imperial authority the system of apprenticeship. This would at least save five
in cases where it was not required, where it was opposed by months, if that body did not pass this measure. This dis-
a great principle, and where the result might much suasion had come to a more satisfactory termination than any
more effectively, more satisfactorily, and more per- other debate that had occurred on the same subject for a long
manently he obtained by acts of the local legislatures
expressed
mood i] e
as had
to alludedthe conduct theof
the
time. He could not help feeling that the Noble Lord was
themselves. They had always felt and avowed that an very sanguine as to the result of this plan, and in this san-
earlier termination than in 1840 of the apprenticeship ghu
feelingsloealofasdsoeumbbtliweshiienholice
was desirable, if that object curdy be obtained by Acts ad in
of the local legislatures themselves. This was the senti- West Indies; and he had no hesitation in saying that if there
ment which he had repeatedly expressed in the course of was any one thing that he was clear about it
was that but for
last year in dispatches to the various Governors of the the inter'', rence of the friends of Emancipation in this country
Windward and Leeward Islands. Indeed he might say, that they would not that day have had the dispatch front the Govern-
the movement in Bat badges was originated by a dispatch ors of J.. males and the other Colonies of such a satisfactory and
from himself in which this sentiment was stated. The objec- triumi hant nature. The Noble Lord seemed to claim credit for
tion to the proposition of the Noble and Learned Lord had all that had taken place in the West Indies hating occurred with-
been
this, that there existed a compact binding the two parties out inteeerenee on the psrt of this country, and not being effected
which England could not corsi•tently infringe upons The local by agita'ion. Now, all the letters which his Noble Friend had
Legislatures, however, had themselves now solved the sent to the Governors of tine colonies in the West Indies, urg-
question, by taking the course which the Government bare ing them to recommend to their respective legislatures the
had often pointed out to them as advisable, but which Govern- taking immediate steps for the emancipation of the apprentices
went had en•irely left it within the decision of the local legisla- were dated April, 1838, whereas the agitation at the public
tures to act upon. It had always been considered by the Go- meetings—at one of which he presided, and at which upwards
so nment here that any such measures would be far more sue- of 8,000 persons were present, and at another, of the county
cessfully and more safely carried into effect by the local palatine of Durham, his Noble Friend (the Duke of Cleve-
authorities. It would have been highly prejudicial to the ob land) was present—took place in the months of March and
jest, it would, indeed, have been very dangerous, to have April. He was of opinion, under all the circumstances of the
sought to effect this object without the previous sanction and case, that the labour had not been thrown away which the
hearty co operation of the local authorities.. To have done good and wise men who had been engaged in advocating
otherwise would have only been to sow the seeds of such ex. the cause of the negro had bestowed in rousing the feeling
asperation and such suspicion among those authorities as ia which had been obtained on this subject all over England.'
a material degree would have tainted the value and en- He gave honour to whom honour was due, namely, to those
dangered the success of the experiment. With re- men who had been the objects of calumny without regarding
gard to the question of policy there had been a difference it ;of suspicion, which they despised ; and of vituperation,
between himself and his Noble and Learned Friend. which they allowed to pass by as any other storm of empty
What had resulted from the proceedings which they had taken? air. He alluded to such men as Joseph Sturge, Josiah Con-
His Noble Friend had said that he could not expect any sue- der, and William Allen, and other most eloquent and gallant
seas from the course taken, but tl:e Government said that men—one of whom was a man of as great eloquence as he had
they did expect a successful result. He said, trust the local ever heard in or out of Parliamenthe meant the high-minded
legislatures in this matter, and they would be induced to yield and upright and able George Thompson, who not only had
to the wishes of this country ; but his Noble Friend said, trust exerted himself in the cause of humanity in this country, but
not the local legislatures, as they would do nothing to advance had repeatedly risked his life in America in the publication of
this question. Did not the result show that it was better not those doctrines which he believed were founded on truth
to exact too much from them when aid was so desirable for With th se disin crested men he had been a most humble but
the successful working out of the object in view, and that it zealous advocate in the cause of the negro, and he gave the
was better to show that you had confidence in them, than to honour of the success of the cause to them, for ha was satis-
take those steps which would only have the result of driving fled but for them the present day would never have dawned'on
them to despair, and who might then pursue a course which them. He sincerely hoped that the expectations of the Noble
would impede a great degree the success of this measure ? Lord would be realised, and also that in the Mauritius they
He had said throughout the discussions on this subject would not allow ajust cause to be thwarted. He trusted that
that it would be better to let the local legislatures per- the L gislature w, uld keep a constantly vigilant eye on the
form their duty ; and this result had proved to be correct, proceedings of the color is s, and that they would not, under
notwithstanding the repeated precautions of the Noble Lord aity pretext, suffer enactments to exist which would continue
to the contrary. His Noble Friend now said that the crown slavery in another form. If he found that under the name of the
colonies had neither the power nor the inclination to-perform Vagrant Act, or Police Act, or Poor•law Act, it was endea.
th&r duty, and follow the example set them by the chartered soured to frame enactments to'petpetuate slavery under ano-
colonies. If his Noble Friend was not strictly accurate tiler name, while the law would not suffer it to continue under
as to what he said with regard to the proceedings of the its own odious and disgusting appellation, he should not be want-
legislatures of the chartered colonies he ( Lord Glenelg) tag in his place in Parliament to bring before them those
would also state that be would not be more accurate as to most fl igitiout violators of the law. Before he sat down he
the proceedings of the Legislatures of the Crown colonies, begged to express his concurrence as to what had fallen from
Exactly the same ground applied to the crown colonies as to the Noble Duke (the Duke of Wellington), with respect to
the chartered colonies. Similar ins.ructions to those sent the Hill Coolies lie trusted that a complete stop would be
out to the chartered colonic, had been forwarded to the put to this new slave trade. Since he had last whin ssed the
crown colonies, awl he had no doubt tin y would be acted House on the subj et Inc had reod a circular which had been
upon by the local authorities and legislatures in the same issued by a mercantile house at Calcutta in the transfer of the
spirit in the latter case as ire the former. His Noble unfortunate inhabitants of India to the Colonies in the Western
Friend said that the Legislatures of the Crown colonies were Ocean. These persons, in their address or prospectus, held
of somewhat an anomalous character, and that they could themselves out to be most accemelished man stealers ; and
not deal with the subject as the legislatures of the chartered they stated that they had supplied ti 000 of these unfortunate
colonies. The fact, however, was, that although the legis- Hill Coolies to the Mauritius at the expeace of 101 per head,
letive bodies in the crown colonies did not possess powers to including the expellee of freight, food, and water, for the
the same extent as those in the chartered colonies, still voyage of four months. Tie-se uofo tunate persons were to
they were d i eependent legislatures. His Noble Friend be paid wages at the rate of five rupes month that -e a; wax as
said that in tine Crown colonies, the Governor in Council cm-- near as possible threepence a day, arid that in places where
responded to the executive cr legislative council in the the werage rate of wages was three shillings a day. lie ha:l
other colonies. It was true that the legislature was carried also reason to believe, from slur he had learned, that these
on by the goy -rnor and council, or the court of policy as it Hill Coolies had been kidnapped to the Mauritius under the
was called in Guiana and other places, but this body pos. impression that they were only going to work at one of the
sassed all the Power of legislation for the internal affairs of villages belonging to the East !Ala Company. The system
the colony, for the levying local taxes and other purposes, as which had been attempted to be e-tab!ished was nothing-
much as the legislative bodies in the chartered colonies, more nor less than an attempt to revive the slave trade; and
this Joey in tee Crown colonies exercised the it was a most monstrous anamoly, and lie trusted that the ad
He repeated, bodyl
functions he had stated, and carried on all the legislation, vice of the Noble Duke would not he thrown away on the
and controlled the taxation, and superintended the law- Government. lie had just read an account of the voyage of
making; for the colony. This Legislature, however, was re- 150 of these unfortunate creatures to Ttinli'ad, and the pro_
.v. however,stricted in one te'pect : itwas subject to the approbation of motors of the plan, v ith the most extraordinary self-compla-
the Queen in Council, in the same degree and in a similar cency, stated that the mortality during the voyage was only
manner as the acts of the Legislative Assemblies of the :24, which for such a voyage was monstrously large, and at the
chartered colonies required that sanction to become laws. rate of 15 per cent. on the whole number. This, indeed,
The legislatures of the Crown colonies, however, were as would have been considered a sweeping mortality dun ing; the
competent to legislate on this subject as the legislatures of middle passage of the horrid African slave trade.
the chartered colonies, as they had nearly the same powers Lord GLENELG denied that he had said anything to
of internal legislation. Ile appealed, then, to any Noble detract in any way from the merits of the persons engaged
Lord whether it was expedient under these circumstances to in advocating the cause alluded to his Noble Friend. He
interfere by means of an order of the Queen in Council, and did not intent to arrogate to the Government more credit
SS.; ether it would not be more wise and prudent that the that he really thought that it deserved for the course they
same forbearance and moderation that was pursued towards had taken on this subject; he would not, however, dwell
the chartered col :Mess should also be followed with regard to on it. He bareved that all would agree in the policy that
the legislatures of the Crown colonies. He believed that in all the colonies all the non-predials should be under
Noble Lords would agree with him that that right and one system, and that as nearly as possible the apprentice
poser which the Qu to possessed over the acts and pro- shid system sh mid terminate at the same period. With
ccedings of the legislature sof the colonies should only be respect to the letters which he had sent out to the We- t
adopted and acted on in cases of necessity, and in such cases Indies on the sulject of terminating the period of the appren-
where Parliament would interfere with its authority. He ticeship of the negroes in the colonies, he begged to inform
thought that this argument must have its due weight ; that Lis Noble Friend that he would find in the printed papers on
the acts of the legislatures of the Crow-n (Armies were only the table one dated so far back as September last. He re-
subject t> the apprehation of the Queen in Council, as was posted that he did not intend to deteriorate front the claims
tire case with the laws of the chartered colonies ; and they of the gentlemen alluded to by the Noble Lord, and he was
did not come within any act of authority of any other body. certainly far from denying that the strong opinion of the
Ile was happy in being able to state, that in fact the Legisla people of this country on this subject had bad a powerful
tures of the Crown colonies had followed the example set effect on the conduct of the West Indien Legislatures.
them by the Legislatures of the chartered colonies. te addi_ Lord COLCHESTER regretted that he was not in his
tien to the information which had been alluded by the Noble place a few months back when the Noble and Learned L.,rd
Lord as having been received from Jamaica, he could also was pleased to make an attack upon a number of captain; of
state that similar sat:slactory accounts had lately been re- ships employed on the coast of Africa to put down the slave
ceived from Greaada, and also from the Bahamas, which had trade, and stated that they neglected their duty, inasmuch as
arrived within the last few days ; and he had good reason to they abstained from securing the slave ships until they had
believe that within a short time from the dates of his commu• taken in their cargoes, so that head-money might be obtained
nications measures would be originated in these colonies simi- f r the service. lied he been present he should have availed
lar to those that had been carried in other chartered col toles. himself of the occasion to rebut that accusation. As it was
In addition, however, to this he was happy in being able to he begged to give novice that he should on Thursday next,
state that in some of the Crown colonies the Governors in- on the motion for the second 'reading of the Slave Vessels
tended to submit to the legislative bodies similar Acts to those Captured Bill, take an opportunity of vindicating the officers
which had been earl had in other places, and no doubt was of her Majesty 'a ism y who had been engaged in this branch of,
entertained of their success. This had arisen in cense.. the service.
q .ce of the instructions sent out to the Governors d the Lend BROUGHAM said that Thursday
Noble would be a day
uer ,
colonies. He was happy to find that in the Crown cold- exceedingly inconvenient to him, and he wished the _
tries the Legislatures did not find themselves more fettered Lord would consent to take the discussion which he alluded
than in the chartered colonies. Special letters had been to at some other stage of the Bill.
4 STER in
sent out to the Governors of the various colonies, stating After some observations from Lord COLCHESTER
that the home Government was anxious to press on the atten- explanation,
tion of the Governors and the Legislatures of the Crown co- Lord 13RO UG HAM said that he had one observation to
10114.3 the question of the termination of the system of make to their Lordships in reference to the slave trade bring.
negro split% nticeship. lie would now shortly proceed to carried on by Russian ships. He had recently received a_
state what had occurred in ame of tire Crown colonies. In letter from a person in Havarti:ale who stated that on the 13th
Trinidad the legislative body had been cotevened for the par- of March a Russian vessel had lauded 354 slaves in that colony,
pose of taking the subject into consideration, and on the clay and thst four other vessels of a similar character were daily
the mail came away a message was sent from the Governor to expected to arrive. He merely mentioned this to show the
the legislative body, and it was ordered to be taken into con- extent to which this dreadful traffic was carried on under the
sideration the day after the mail came away. From St. Lu- flag of Russia.
cia information had been received that the Governor intended BENEFICES PLURALITY BILL.
propose measure to the Council, and no doubt was felt as The House then went into Committee on this Bill.
to a
to its receiving the sanotien of that body. Again, in Guiana Clause 2 was agreed to with slate verbal amendments.
a similar proceeding had taken place ; although no official ac- Clause 3.
count had been received of this, still within the last fortnight Lord WHA RNCLIFFE thought the Bill begun at tine
letter; had been received from some most iesretable owners wrong end of the question, and that before it proceeded to
of property in that colony, in which it was stated that the Go. provide fur the extinction of pluralities it should provide
vet oar had submitted the subject to tine consideration of the means by which every clergyman should be provided with
Court of Policy, and no doubt whatever was entertained as to sufficient to support him. He admitted that this complaint
that body sanctioning; a plan for the termination of the Sys- was not universal, but it had arisen in many instances, lie
tem of negro apprentceship. The probability was, that be- moved, therefore, that this clause should be amended to
fore the present period all the Legislatures of the Crown meet this view by the introduction of words to confine its
Colonies would have accomplished the anxious desires of the operation to livings of one yearly value of more than 1001.
ofthis country, and followed the example set them by T Archbishop of CANTERBURY could not concur in
people
eyn the amendmentproposed the chartered colonies. From Mauritius there had not h by the N.,bie Lord. Such provisions
of had been re •
time to obtain aey certain information, in consequence. commended by her Majesty's Commissioners ~5
, existed would be likely to reinedgrievance complained of whet
its d,stance ; Lut the Fame legislative authority . _ y the
the West they should be carried into effect.
in that colony as in the Crown colonies in
The
,ml,,nd
. . .
Indies, and Inc had no reason to doubt that the advice of ment was ut and neatived without a division.
,„.. Lord PORI'MAN then moved in lieu ofthe the Government of this c,iuntry, embodied in a recommi hat
"situated %vitt •a
elation from the Governor, would be received in the same man- .
s thereto"u' the distance of ten miles," the words "sou
in places. Indeed Inccould not help saying that
nor as other • . tigu"would should be in acted in the clause. This, he
contended, produce the nearest approach to the com-
the sebject had attracted so much attention in this country__
~ ,
!etc ribs: nee of pluralities, which was most sincerely to be de-
that it muss e,onarnand the serious consideration of the colonies. p
lie should have 9104* that there was this peculiarity in sired ; and although he did not mean to conteed that a cler-
.

gyalan would be able to do the duties of two parishes bccaas •
they were contiguous, yet the amendment which he proposed
would be most likely to secure the greatest amount of attention
to be plid to each. He conceived the amendment of so much
.importance thA he should take the sense of the House npon,
the subject.
The Archbishop of CANTERBURY said that the clause
was agreed upon eter the most.anxiou; deliberation and Con-
sicier,tion of all the circumstances of the case, by the Coin-
mis‘ioners who had inquired into the subject, and they thorolt
that a medium course should be tal:en between the absolLte
removal of all pluralities. and leasing the law as it now slued
11 ! must therelo.e opcse the amendment.
Lord WYNFORD ditTred from the Most Rev. Primate.
Any alteration in the existing law ought to be to put an end
to pluralities, but it was admitted that this Bill would not
have that effect It was a measure which was not intellieildre
sod no man could understand why any alteration should be
made in the law, except on the ground takes the Noble Loral
opposite.
The Archbishop of C ANTE R IT R Y would merely say,
that the principle adopted in the Bill was that of easy in-
spection.
The Eal of HARROWBY was of opinion that provision
should be made for the poorer classes of the clergy, by a more
equal distribution of Church property. He thought that some
amendment was necessary to correct the anomalies now exist-
ing, one of which was, that there was no proportion between
the population to be superintended by the clergyman and the
pay ; and he wished their Lordships to take the Bill as it came
from the Common; as an experiment.
The Bishop of LINCOLN thought that the effect of the
clause would he to limit pluralities more than one half; and as
this was a matter of experiment, the Bill went as far as could
be expected.
The Bishop of SALISBURY said that it would have been
possible to have framed amendments on some principle, but he
could see none in the amendment of the Noble Lord, under
which benefices might be held together, although the distance
between church and church might be greater than under the
present Bill.
The Bishop of GLOUCESTER said that under a system
of pluralities, how ever objectionable on principle, benefits
had been experienced from the- employment which they
afforded to persons entering the Church as curates. Having
seen the statement referred to by the Noble and Learned Lord,
as to the number of pluralities within the distance affected by
this Bill, and tint knowing on what authority that statement
had been founded, he had made inquiries in his own diocese, i
,nd he found that out of 500 benefices only thirty pluralities
would be legalised by this Bill, and these would be entirely
unobjectionable.
Lord HATHERTON supported the amendment as esta-
blishing a wholesome system of superintendence, and the Rigle
Reverend Prelate's objection; might be removed by some en-
actment that in large livings curates should be employed.
The House then divided--
Contents for the original clause
Non-contents
Majority for the original clause
The clause was then agreed to, as were a!l the clauses up
to clause 12.
On clause 13 being proposed,
The Earl of CAW DO R moved as an amendment that the
words " with or without cure of souls" should be inserted
with the view of extending the operation of the 1,11 to sine-
cure benefices.
The Archbishop of CANTERBURY suggested that the
amendments of the Noble Lord should be w rthdraain for the
present, and introduced in a future stage of the Bill, when
they could he considered with advantage.
The Earl of CA WD OR consented to withdraw the amend-
ment for the present.
The clause was then agreed to, as were the other clauses to
30 inclusive.
On clause 31 beinc. proposed,
The Bishop of CHICHESTER moved an exemption in
favour of the principal of the King's College, London.
The Archbishop of CAN rERBURf objected to the ex-
emption, as it might also be claimed by others, if acceded to
in this instance.
Lord PORTA,' AN would rather strike out the exemption
extended to the Warden of Durham than add to the number
of exemptions.
The I3ishop of GLOUCESTER said he could not under-
stand why the Professor of the East India College should bt
exempted, when other Professors were not, and he therefor,
moved to exclud.? the Professor of the East India College.
The Bishop of CHICHESTER thought that these Pre-
lessors having taken their places with the understanding that
they should be exempted, it would be a hardship to disap
point them.
The Bishop of GLOUCESTER said that the 34th clause
would be funnel to protect sufficiently the vested interests of
all persons holding (Aces of the kind alluded to.
The amendment was then agreed to, and the objectionable
words struck out accordingly.
Clause 32 was verbally amended, and clauses from 33 to 55
inclusive were passed without amendment.
Ott clause 56 being, proposed,
Lord PO RTM AN moved its omission altogether, as a novel
and quite unnecessary one. This clause, he said, gave a
ppwer to the Bishop, on the avoidance of a benefice in which
there existed no house fit for the residence of the incumbent,
to sequestrate such living till such place of residence should be
built or repaired. Be complained that many an incumbent of
small means—suppose 150/. a-year—_would be utterly unable
to fulfil this imposition ; and also that the clause rendered it
imperative on the Bishop to take the harsh step of sequestra-
tion, instead of leaving it to his discretioa to report to her
Majesty in Council.

WEST INDIES-ABOLI'T'ION OF

THE APPRENTICESHIP SYSTEM

By her Majesty's ship Pigeon we have received the Wes
India mail, bringing dates from Barbadoes of June the 6th
Jamaica of the 9th, and St. Thomas's of the 16th. Oa
5h of June his Excellency the Govern of Jamaica (
Lional Smith) opened the Legislative Ses,ion, upon rvli:c;.
occasion he delivered the following speech :----
" Gentlemen of the Council, Mr. Speake:r, and G.,ntleu:er:
of the Assembly,--I have called you together at an uun-u
seas:at to take into your consideration the state of the i,late
unier the laws of apprenticeship for the labourkg population.
" I need not refer you to the agitation ou this subject
throughout the British empire, or to the discussions upon it ir,
Parliament, where the honourable efforts of the Ministry were
barely found sufficient to preserve the original duration of the
law as an obligation of the national faith.
" I shall lay before you some dispatches on th's sobj.,ct.
" General agitation and Parliamentary interieren. e bay,
not, I am afraid, yet terminated.
" A corresponding excitement has been long going on
among the apprentices themselves; but still they have rested
in sober and quiet hopes, relying on your generosity that you
will extend to them that boon which has been granted to their
class in other colonies.
" Ili this posture of affairs, it is my duty to declare my s'n-
timents, and distinctly to recommend to you the early and
equal abolition of apprenticeship for all classes. Idoso in
confidence that the apprentices will be found worthy of free-
dom, and that it will operate as a double blessing, by securing
also the future interests of the planters.
" I am commanded, however, to inform you, that her Ma-
jesty's Ministers will not entertain any question of further
compensation. But should your views be oppased to the
policy I recommend, I would intreat you to consider well
how impracticable it will become to carry on coercive la-
bour : always difficult, it would in future be in peril of
constant comparison with other colonies made free, and
with those estates in this island made free by individual
proprietors.

As Governor, under these circumstances (and I never
shrink from any of my responsibilities) I pronounce it phy-
sically impossible to maintain the apprenticeship with any hope
of successful agriculture.
"Jame:ea is in your hands; she requires repose, by the re-
moval of a law which has equally tormented the labourer
and disappointed the planter-_a law by which man still con-
strains man in unnatural servitude. 'llia is her first exi-
gency. For her future welfare she appeals to your wisdom
to legislate in the spirit of the times, with liberality and be
nevolence towards all classes."
A Committee, consisting of Messrs. Grey, Lowndep, Ha.
milton, Frater, Fairweather, Gordon, and Grossett, was ap.
pointed to predare and bring in a Bill terminating the appren.
ticeship of the predial labourers on the Ist of August next.
On Thursday, June 7, the Bill was brought,in by Mr. Grey,
and having gone through the preliminary stages, it was com-
mitted, and the three first clauses were agreed to. The fist
clause declares the apprenticeship at an end on the Ist of
August next; the second repeals all acts relating to the ap-
prenticeship ; the third re-enacts the clause in the Supple.
mental Bill of last session, authorising proprietors to serve re-
tices on labourers to quit.
After two days' discussion the Bill was passed ; clauses
being inserted to provide for the aged and indigent negroes,
as well as to prevent their ejectment from their domiciles
without three months' notice. Afterwards a Committee of
five was appointed to prepare a petition, a memorial, and a
protest to her Majesty the Queen, on the subject of the abo-
lition of the apprenticeship and further compensation.
The following is the address of the Council, in answer to
the Governor's speech:—
" TO HIS EXCELLENCY SIT( LIONEL SMITH, &c.
" May it please your Excellency—We, the Council of Ja-
maica, beg leave to thank your Excellency for the speech with
which you have been pleased to open the present session.
" We feel grateful to your Excellency for having called us
together for the purpose of taking it,to our consideration the
state of the island, under the laws of apprenticeship, for the
labouring population.
" Being aware of the agitation on this subject throughout
the British empire, and of the discussions on it in Parliament,
we duly appreciate the honourable efforts of her Majesty's Mi-
nisters to preserve the original duration of the law as an oblige.
Lion of national faith.
" We feel confident that the hopes of the apprentices will
not be disappointed, and that the wisdom and generosity of
the legislature of Jamaica will not hesitate to extend to
them that boon which has been granted, to their class in the
other colonies.
" We cordially concur in your Excellency's wise and
humane recommendation of an early and equal abolition of
the apprenticeship of all classes, and feel pleasure in recording
our perfect conviction that the apprentices will be found
worthy of freedom in every respect, and will so conduct them
selves in their altered condition as to insure the future interests
of the planters.
" Coercive labour has at all times been obtained with diffi-
culty; but under the present peculiar circumstances of this
island, we fear it might be impossible to maintain the appren-
tic,?ship with any hope of successful agriculture.
" Jamaica does, indeed, require repose, and we are san-
guine in the expectation that, under Divine Providence, st:ch
laws will be passed by her Legislature as will evinco their
desire to act with liberality and benevolence towards all
classes."

Dispatches were received yesterday at the Colonial-office
from Grenada, Trinidad, St. Lucia, arid the Bahamas ; and we
are happy to have to announce the prospect of the immediate
emancipation of the ar prentices in these colonies.
The dispatches from St. Thomas's arc of the 15t of June.
The Governor writes that he hid convened the Asremb'y ;
that the Bill for emancipation had passed, after some debate
in the Legislative Council, and that he hoped by the next
packet to convey the news that it would be immediately carried
into execution.
From Grenada the dates are of the sth June ; the Bill
formed on the Antigua Bill had been passed, and was to come
into effect on the Ist of August.
The Governor of Trinidad (sth June) had met with
some opposition in the Legislative Council, but states that
there is a general disposition in favour of emancipation in the
island.

The Bishop of GLOUCESTER said that this clause would
be one of the most beneficial in the Bill. The great evil in
so many of our parishes was the want of a proper house to in-
sure the residence of the incumbent, and this appeared to be
the only mode of remedying it.
After a short conversation, in which the Duke of Richmond,
Lord Wharncliire, the Esrl of Harrowby. Lord Wrottcsley,
the Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Bishop of Gloucester.
took part, the clause was carried pro forma, on the understand-
ing that it would he amended on br:nging up the report.
Clauses to 61 inclusive were then agreed to.
seco extending
churchrcl
On clause 62 b2ing put,
The Bishop of SALISBURY proposed an amendment, to
the effect of giving h
curate.e r ot
o any n
of
tby a,ppeo Bistilniogp
a a "
‘l in a hamlet or district not less than two
miles distant front the mother church, containing 400 souls.
tni
The amendment was agreed to without opposition.
accommodation,ia a parish situate
Clause 63 was rejected.
Clauses 64 to 65 were agreed to.
The remaining clauses of the Bill were then agreed to, and
the Report ordered to be received on Friday next.
CHURCH DISCIPLINE BILL.
The LORD CHANCELLOR moved the second reading
of this Bill.
Lord
session.
WYNFORD suggested its postponement for the
prevent The Archbishop of CANTERBURY defended the mea-
sure on the ground that it was necessary for regulation or
the conduct of the clergy. He hoped that it would be passed
without further delay.
The Bill was then read a second time. To be committed
on Friday.
The Sheriffs' Court Bill was read a second time.
The other Bills on the table were forwarded a stage, and
their Lordships adjourned at Twelve o'Clock.

At St. Lucia the Executive Council were unanimous in
favour of the measure. In the Legislative Council it had
been carried by a majority of six to tour, and passed in con-
sequence.
The Lieutenant-Governor of the Bahamas writes that he
convened the Assembly for the 6th, when he intended to bring
the measure forward ; it will most probably pass, although
there may be certain restrictions preventing the predial la-
bourers from leasing the Colony with,ut the consent of the
Governor and Council.

At.Barbadocs psibiic meetings have been held to fix a scale
of labour and rate of wages to be adopted under the &oz. system.
There was a report prevalent at Barbadoes that the Governor
of that island was to remove to that of Jamaica, vice Sir
Lionel Smith, resigned.

ROYAL EXCHANGE REBUILDING BILL.
(From the Votes and Proceedings of the House of COMMOTIJ.)
MONDAY, JULY 16.
Order for Third Reading read ; Motion made, and Question
proposed, " That the Bill be now read the third time "-_Amend-
ment: 'to leave out the word " now," and at the end of
t e Question
to add the words " upon this day three months :"
—Questionop ospelu t
That the word ' now' stand part of the Ques-
tion : "—The house divided :
r c

Nottinghamshire
MAJORITY--AYES, S, :::
lames,
Ulnas—Cumberland
A rchbol I, Robert 1,11 are innes, Su W. C.—Kingston on-Mill
Itail'ie, 11 D.—lloniton .idly, Litzro,—lpswich.
Baines, Edward —Leeds
Labouchere, Right lion. Henry—
Blair,hireTaunton
J.--. wigt.l4,
Alsavr.
ratt,haw, James—Canterbury L ttigdale, Hon .C.—Knaresborouult
irrainston, T. W.—Essex South L‘seelles, Hon, NV. S.— Wakefield
W. H. L.—Bath Lefroy, Rt. Hon. T.—Dublin U •
Bruges,
ni..
Sir J Yarde—Devonshire versify
n.—Surrey
Bar,,ard, E. G... Greenwich
Buller, J.
Callaghan. D.—Cdfk City Lockhart, A. AL—Lanarkshire
ralllp ,
1
t ell 9 W. F.—Argyles lire F.IIC4S, Edward—Monazhan
Clunana
nt Aaron— Whitby Mackenzie, Thomas—ltess.shire
Chute, W. L. W.— W'est Norfolk .sPraggart, John—Wigton, ice.
Clay, W.—Tower Hamlets Miles, 1 'hap W. Sk)tiner—liristol
Clive, Edward B.—Hereford 111,,rpeth, Lord—Yorkshire
Cotlrington, Sir 11—Devonport thirray, Right Hon. J. A.—Liitli
Copeland, \V. I'. —Stoke.upun-Trent , i'lerrall, Richard M.—Kildare
Crawford, W.—London Paget, Lord Alfred—Lichfield
Duchy, t;corge—East Sussex Pakington, J. S.—Droitwich
lie Horsey, S H.—Newcastle-under Pahner, George—Essex
I,prie Parker, John—Sheffield
l'arker, IL T.—froston
PAten, J. Wilson—Lancashire
Pattison, James--London
reel, Right Hun. Sir IL—Tamworts
Pendart es, E. W.—NV, Cornwall
Phil Ipotts John-- Gloirc,ster
Praed, W. T.--t. Ives
l'rotheroe, Edward—Halifax
Itedington, T. N.—Dundalk
Rice, Right Hon. 'l'. S.—Cambridge
Richards, Richard—Merionethshire
Ruslibrooke, Colonel—Suffulk
Russell, Lord John—Stroud
Sanford, E. A.—Somersetshite
Sinclair, S,r George—Caithness
•tanley, Lord—North Lancashire
Stanstield, NV. It C.—Huddersfield
Steuart, Robert—Haddington, 414...
Stewart, James—Honiton
Sturt, Henry Charles—D,vrsetshire
Sagdeii, Sir E.—Ripon
Te gnmouth, Lord—M.r)lebene
l'horoely, Thos.—Wolverhampton
Troubridge, Sir 'f. E.—San.lwich
Vivian, John Henry—Swansta
Westenra, Hon. J. C.—King's I ci•
Wilmot, Sir J. E.--N,Vat wickshire
Wood, Charles—Halifax
Yates, J. Ashton .Carlow
Young, John—Cavan

onintin-Maidon
Di vett, Edward-Exeter
Dongla,, Sir C E - Warwick
Eastnor, Viscount -Iteigate
Ebrington, Viscount-N, Devon
Estcourt, T. Junior -Dtvizes
Ferguson, Sir It. A.-_I ondondetty
Ferguson, Robert -Krlta ity
Fre,litield, James Willittni-Pcnryti
Gordon, Robert-11 indsor
Goulburn, Right Hon. 11.-Cam.
bridge University
Graham, Right lion Sir J. It. et.
Bt.--Pembroke ,
Grant, lion. Colonel-Elginshire
Grey, Sir George-Devoopott
Grimsditch,
Haste, Archibald-Paisley
Hawkes, Thomas -Dutile3ll
Hawkins, J. 11.- Newport, . Wight
Hayter, V. G.-Wells
Heatlicote, G. J.-Lincoinshire
Hillsborough. Earl of-Down
Ilobhouse, Right lion. Sir J. Cain
Nottingham
Hodges, I' L.-West Kent
Hodgson, Frederick-Barnstaple
Holmes, W.-terwick-onTweA
Hope, Charles- Linlithgowshire
Howard, P. 11.-Carlisle
Hurst, It. H -Horsham
Hurt, Erancls-South Derby
Hutton, Bobert-Dublin
Inglis, Sir R. 11. -Gx Cord University

TELLERS.
Wood, Sir Matthew—London
rote, George—London

MINORITY-
Aglionby, H. A.—Cockermouth
Atwood, W.—arcenwich
Attwood, M.—Whitehaveu
Bridgman, Hewitt—F.nnis
Bryan, Maj. Geo.—Kilkenny Co.
Chandos, Marquis of—Bucks
Clements, Vise.—Leitrim Co.
Collins, W —Warwick
Denison, W. 3. ,vest Sussex
Evans, Sir G.DeLaey—Westminstei
Finch, F.—Walsall
Fremantle, Sir Thomas -Bucks
Gibson, '1 bonus—lpswich
Harvey, D. W.—Southwark
Hawes, Benjianin—Limbeth
Hodgson, ltd.—Berwick-on. Tweed
Howick, Northumberland
Loch, James--Kirkwall
Morris, D.—Carmarthen
Muskert, George A.—St. Alban's

-NOES, 39.
0 Brien, W. S.—Limerick Co.
O'Coi.nell, Daniel Dublin
Ord, W.—Newcastle-upon-Tyne
Rieke, C. W,—Leitio,ter, South
eeehell, Captain—Brighton
Philips, Mark—Manchestor
eraed, W. M.—A} lesbury
eryine, George—Cambritli3
Salwcy, Licut,Col, -Ludlow
iomerset, Lord 0. Moninfutbsi,ire
S imerville, Sir W.—Drogliedu
Style, Sir Cliar'es—Scarborough
Warburton, 11.—B1 idport
Ward, H. G.—She(l-Ma
White, Androw —Sunder) .nd
Williaiu—Coventry
Wood, Thomas—Middlesex

TELLERS,
Hall, Sir 13mjargin.-Marylebone
111-inei JoNh--Kilkenui
