SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

MANCFIESTER, FRIDAY' EVENINIG.
The attention of several of our leading turf gentlemen seems
exclusively given to the approaching great coursing meeting at
Chatsworth. The noble patron of the club is expected to be
present. Ile nominates a dog in the principal prize. WO to
11 is offered on the field for the CheSter Cup ; 100 to 8, bar
Cowboy. The field will yet be backed against nine.
THE DERBY.-We have not seen any business since oar last
remarks.

JAILOR NOT TAILOR.—A man of the name
of Marshall was some time ago incarcerated in the gaol of
Perth, on a criminal complaint, at the instance of Mr. Bally,
'procurator-fiscal of Dumblane. An application was presented
to the sheriff for the liberation of Ma?shall on his finding bail.
The prayer of the petition was granted, and a copy of the peti-
tion and warrant of liberation, certified by the sheriff-clerk, was
on the .2.6 th December last addressed to " Mr. William Hut-
chison, jailor, Perth." There happening to be a tailor of the
same name here, the document so addressed was delivered by
the letter carrier to him in mistake, and he, thinking it to be a
farther attention to its.t7freSio.i;ee days after
pwa-aids sent to Perth by the sheriff-clerk at Du '
ahnooatxh,ernelevtetrer
blane, addressed as formetly to Mr. Hutchinson, jailor m.
ex-
pressing the greatest surprise that Marshall had not been libe-
rated, but still, unfortunately, this letter was also delivered to
Mr. Hutchinson, tailor, who still considered it a's a hoax. In
tabs-el:ix!
,ltee
tehlnioe
si
consequence of the mistake, Marshall was not liberated till
Saturday the 11th January,
ought to hive had his
unnecessary
26thiltnibieltriisyononmetillitefor
th oolfleDrioedeeomf
that a correspondence has been instituted with the Lord Advo-
cate on the subject. The twoto documents Ali were delivered up by
Tuesday night, which
Mr. Hutchison, the tailor, .. Hutchison, the jailor, on
THE HAG. ur, JAN. 29.
clearly exculpates the latter from all
blame. --Perth Paper.
Helder of the 2-ITtoho,iosysthat his .Majes terdam, Capt. Aty'sleftrtiegratef,rothnel Rtchte.
, bound . fel. the East Indies, which is
lying in the Texel, very
_narrowly escaped shipwreck in the
storm which raged on the night of the 90th having lost three
anchors ; had the or:iy remaining anchor been lost, the ship,
with tile crew of 279 men would, in all probability, have proved
a total wreck. The fury of the storm was such that the guns
which were fired as signals of distress were not heard. At day-
break, h owever, they were perceived, and three pilot-boats pat out
to its assistance; and it being conjectured what was the matter,
took out two anchors with chains and cables. The conduct
of the Captain is highly extolled by the crew, who ascribe
their deliverance, next to God, to his judgment and exertion.
HANOVER, JAN. 23.—Professor Blumenbach
died yesterday evening, in the BSth year of his age. In 1826
he celebrated the fiftieth anniversary of his Professorship. He
was far more than fifty years one of the ornaments of the Uni-
versity, but has for some•years been dead to science, so that the
University now loses only his illustrious name.
LUSUS NA TURit.—A perfect case of " Sia-
mese" twins recently occurred at Forants in this county. This
lulus vaturce consists of twin females, united by a cartilagi-
nous band in the legion of the chest. They were not born
alive. The bodies have been sent to a London hospital to be
prepared for preservation. —Dorset County Chronicle.

EVENING E D 'MON.

GREAT MEETING OF THE sO-
CIALISTS OF MANCHESTER.

' A meeting of the body called Socialists, was convened
in Carpenters' Hall, Manchester, on Thuisday evening
3 lase, to petition Parliament to " Enter into a full, fair, and
• open investigation of the principles, practices, objects
; (and the means proposed for the accomplishment of these
• objects) of the' Universal Community Society of Rational
Religionists,' and also that Parliament will be pleased to
examine the venerable philanthropist and philosopher Ro-
bert Owen, Esq., formerly of New Lanark, and the
huthorized Missionaries and Agents of the Society there-
upon." The meeting was densely crowded, the immense
Hall being crammed almost to suffocation both in the area
tn,.i(a)rt
li
had.
ot he below and in the gallery.
Mr. ABEL Hevwcoo was unanimously called to the
Char, when he read a placard explanatory of the object
1.
tmoifoonrtseh crop
ramrotepi cei.uing. .), Her
tegheebdno, dwife callednti s t,n to say,l that he con-
sidered this meeting- was of a very important nature, but
ei s ths is t o rPye or sf
ctchui s
country, and the history of other countries where Chris-
-
tianity bad been introduced—persecution had raged from
the commencement of that system called Christianity,
sometimes violently, at other times seemingly at a
eoyr
read
itail
stand still, but at all times its only influence bad
been to extend the very opinions which were perse-
cuted.—( Cheers.) They were now, he supposed, going
back again to those days when it raged with considerable
violence throughout this country. lit 1824, or about that
time, Mr. Carlile and his followers were persecuted for
the publication and sale of works which were in opposition
to the legally recognied religion in the land. He did not
suppose that when Mr. Carlde had beaten the Govern-
ment, had completely put the energy mil force of the Ge-
vernrn. ent at defiance—be did not suppose that in twenty
years, or less than that, a similar attempt would be made
to put down br force, the body called " Socialists."--
(Hear, hear.) -Mr. Carlile therefore et that time achieved
considerable good ; he established the right of free discus-
sion, the right of printing and publishing papers and tracts
which-were obnoxious to the acknowledged religion of the
land. He had established these rights which had gone on
without interruption from that time to this either from the
Government or from individuals.—(Cheers.) The attack
of the Bishop of Exeter in the House of Lords was one of
the most extraordinary statements that ever isseed even
from the mouth cf a Bishop.—(Laughter.) He should
put it to that meeting, which he considered friendly to the
principles of Socialise, whether they individually did not
think themselves a match for a 13ishoie—(Cheers)—
and he should put in this way; all those who thought
they were not a match fora Bishop hold up their hands.—
(Nut one was held up.) Now all those un the other hand
who did think themselves a match for one of those mitred
gentlemen hold up their hands.—( Here every hand in the
assembly was held up, which was followed by loud cherre.)
He was sure then that with ' such heads and such hearts
they would beat all the Bishoes in the world if it came to
a fair trial.—(Cheers.) There was no fear of the spirit
of persecution—( Hear)—they bad no occasion to antici-
pate that they would be persecuted, so long as they were
determined-to stand by each other in defence of their par-
ticular opinions. The Bishops must not suppose that they
could throw off their. opinions at any time—that theycould
act the part of " Jim Crow," and " wheel about and turn.
about," just to suit their pleasure.—(Hear, hear.) No;
they would find that their principles would become deeply
rooted in their minds from the conviction that those prig
ciples which they advocated were founded in truth.—
(Cheers.) He was aatisfied that when a body—no matter
how small that body might be, took up certain principles
which they considered to be truths, all the persecutions
that could be invented could never put that body down.—
(Cheers. ) Attempts had been made in various countries
to stifle and put down pu .lic opinion by persecution ; but
in all cases of which any record remained, those efforts,
though they might succeed for a time, had, in the end,
most signally failed--( Hear, hear.) To show them that
the Bishop's attempts would fail, that they must fail, and
that they could not do otherwise than fail, he would lust •
read them a portion of v letter which he had received from
Newcastle-upon-Tyne that day : _ . _

" Newcastle, Jan. 2&
" Sta-.-We will be much obliged if you will forward us
a catalogue of all the books you have printed on Socialism,
or that you may have on hand, with the prices, as we have
no doubt that there will be a much greater demand for
them owing to the late remarks reported in the newspapers
to have been made by the Bishop of Exeter in the House
of Lords."
He had received another letter from Edinburgh, similar
in its request, and, for anything he knew, he might, the
next day, expect one from " John O'Groat's," so that the
Bishop had actually become the best advertising medium
which they could have in order to inform this and all other
countries that such a system as that called Socialism did
actually exist.—( Cheers.) They ought, therefore, to feel
proud that the Bishop bad honoured them with his especial
notice; and when Socialism became the law of thy
land and the Bishops were ousted from their fat
livings, they would, no doubt, remember the good se'rvicea
of the Bishop of Exeter, and make him a Bishop in the
" New Moral Wcrld."—( Chem, and laugloter.) He
hoped they would then recollect him, fur he bad done
them more honour, aed conferred upon them more real
good, than all the rest of the Bishops and the clergy
put together.—( Cheers.) He would not detain them
longer, but would at once introduce the speaker who was
to move the first resolntion.—( Cheers. )
Mr. JAMES SMITH was then called upon to move the
first resolution. lie said the resolution he was called upon
to move ran thus :
" That this 'Meeting, being deeply impressed with the con-
viction that the principles, objects, and practices of the Univer-
sal Community Society of Rational Religionists have been
grossly misrepresented by the Bishop of Exeter in the House of
Lords, last Friday evening, as a rretext for institutingpersecu-
tion and coercion, to put down principles, which, if erroneoas,
should be met by fair argument and persuasion, instead of aio-
hence and intimidation, are of ()Onion that there can be no li-
berty of conscience, no practical feeedom of opinion, if this fla-
grant and partial attempt succeed, and will opposesuch proceed-
ings by every legal and constitutional means in their power.
There was n 1t the least doubt that the Bishop of Exeter
bad been imposed upon by some individual or individuals
as to the nature and principles of Socialism. Those in-
dividuals, whoever they were, were doubtless very re-
ligious persons. They had the " fear of God before their
eyes ;" aye, more than " the fear cf God," for they had
the slavery of the great mess of the people in their hearts.
--(Hear, hear.) Having those objects in view, they had
made use of the Bishop of Exeter as a tool in
the House of Lords to instieatc the Ministers of
the day to persecute a small body of men called Social-.
ists. Suppose that they proceeded with their perecution
what would be the result of it? When did persecution
ever succeed in putting down the party persecuted?
Never. At one time the Quakers were persecuted, per-
haps more than any other body of men in the world; and
what had been the result? The Government had perse-
cuted them, fined thern, imprisoned them, and sold their
property until they were actually ashamed of their own
misconduct ; and what were the Quakers now ? A wealthy,
intelligent, and numerous body, and almost independent of
the Government.—( Cheers.) As had been observed, they
also persecuted Mr. Carlile, end the consequence of that
persecution was, that thousands were made acquainted with
Paine's " Age cf Reason," and other works, which they
would never have known but for this persecution.—
( Cheers.) Persecution, therefore, could not succeed. And
why ? Because it enlisted the sympathies of all classes in fa-
vour of the party persecuted,whether they were in the right or
whether they wero in the wrong. All Governments ought
to have but one object in view, and that object was to pro-
tect the rights and liberties of all classes of the community.
Then so long as they obeyed the law of the land, there was
no necessity for any apprehension as to persecution; but
when they trespassed upon the laws persecution would come
and in such case what would be the consequence? Instead
of having the sympathies of all classes they would have the
sympathy of no class ; but, on the contrary, they would
have the disapprobation of all, because they had in that
case, instigated to violence. Their course, therefore, was
clearly marked out to them, and it was to be peaceful
but firm. Their objects were objects of peace and charity
to all men, no matter what might be their religious creed.
—( Cheers.) What had been the object of the Bishop of
Exeter and the high dominant Church party in all ages?
It had been persecution. Who was it that persecuted
Galileo ? It was the high Church party in Spain. And
who persecuted what were called heretics in this country?
Who was it that now wished to persecute the Socialists?
It was the High Church party, with the Bishop of Exeter
and their Robys, and Stowells, and M'Nciles, and such like
'men at their head.—( Hear, hear.) Those men were our
enemies now, and what was the reason ? because the So-
cialists wished to see peace, morality, and virtue spread
over the land; and that being the case there would be no
nnresycteospafseri
nitonytn: fpoclr\elva eshwsiytoh;
auenlard: Bishops,dbvie Because
would ra el ibgni onls
ts
religion-
ists of
hinavtewtonulGd
nbde, thaenidr
trheleiigriopnrn? Its
nt
of
that love wonld be loving his creatores.—( Hear, hear.)
This was the only true worship of the Divine Being.
Where was the use of pretending to love God, and it the
sae time tamely seeing his creatures steeped to the lips
in vice, poverty, misery, and crime, and instead of relieving
them when we had the means of doing so, praying to God
to do that which was an incumbent duty imposed upon our-
selves.—( Hear, hear, and applause.) And was it for at-
tempting to accomplish these objects, for wishing well to
their fellow-creatures, that they were thus to be perse-
cuted ?—( Hear, hear.) But the Bishop had said that the
Socialists decried all marriage. If it were true that they
did this, why then he would say that they deserved to be
persecuted. And, for that very reason, that, if those state-
ments were true, instead of being promoters of peace, mo-
rality, and virtue, they would be the promoters of vice,
misery, and crime.—( Hear, hear.) Now he would appeal
to them whether they bad been the advocates of vice and
crime ?—(No, no.) For what purpose did they stand
there? Why it was to put down vice and crime. How did
they originate ? In poverty and a bad education—( Hear, •
hear)—and their objects were to educate the rising gene-
ration, and to surround them with those circumstances
which would make them good and virtuous characters.
--(Loud checers.) Then were they the advocates of vice
and crime? By no means. There were too many
advocates of imincrality under better guises in the
different towns of our kingdom, and such in many in-
stances was the direct influence of many of our established
institutions.—( Hear, hear.) What was the licensing of
public houses for the retailing of ardent spirits? Look
at the vice and crime that bad grown out of this practice
It was too enormous even, to think of. There had been
more vice and crime committed through intemperance end
drunkenness, and bad education, than from all other sources
put together. Why, therefore, should the Socialists be
charged with advocating vice and Crime ? They were the
enemies of vice, and they would oppose it, in whatever •
form it appeared, let the Bishop of Exeter say and do wha
he would. Tien did he think they were to be put down
because a fsw men chose to malign and misrepresent them
No; they would vend by their principles; and their ene-
mies, and the enemies of mankind, might persecute til
they were tired.—( Cheers.) What could they do ? The,-
might bring them to the bar of their country? and if they
did so, they would have to convict them upon tine testi-
mony
.
be found o
to
of gooccloahnvdiahtohneenslt? men. h
They ratcwvher viereclutled thedm
