THE MARKETS.

CORN-EXCHANGE, JAN. 12.
The quantities of Corn last week accumulated greatly, and
this morning the fresh supplies of Wheat, Barley, Beans, and
Peas, from Essex, Kent, and Suffolk, were considerable, with
a good arrival of Oats from the Northern Ports. There have
been considerable sales of 'Wheat made this morning, which
has made a great impression on the quantities at market, and
the prices of last Monday have bees fully maintained, hut the
trade afterwards became more heavy; Barley has found buyers
on the same terms as this day se'imight ; Beans also support
the prices ; Peas of both descriptions go off' at the rates last
quoted; as most of our Oat Buyers arc out of stocks they are
compelled to purchase freely, and this article rather exceeds the
currency of last Monday. In Flour no further alteration.
•TtRIVALS LAST WEEK.
English Wheat, 15,35 I —ll arley, 11,665—Ma1t 10.932—0at5,
22,164—Rye, o—Beans, 4311—Peas, 3184—Foreign Wheat, 0
Irish Oats, I,o3s—English Flour, 20,174 sacks.

AVNIAIIII PRICE CT CORN IN ENGLAND AND WALES,
IN THE WEEK ENDING JANUARY 3.
Wheat, .555. 2d. ; Barley, 2is. 4d. ; Oats, 20s. 10d.; Rye,
395. sd. ; Beans, 355. 4d. ; Peas, 355. ed.
The Average
ur Price of Brown or Muscovado Sug
from ar, twnputed
the Retns made in the Week ending the 7th day of
January, 1824, is 34e. Sid. per cwt.

SMITHFIELD MARKET, JAN, 12.
The market was well supplied this morning with all descrip-
tions of cattle; hut, in consequence of the cold weather, higher
prices were demanded for prime Oxen, amongst which there
were a number of good quality, aiid which were sought after.
In Mutton the price is also higher.
To sink the Offal, per stone of Dab.
Beef 's 4d to 4s 4(11 Veal
Mutton 3s 4d to 4s 6d i Pork 4s Od to tis Ud
Lamb Os Od to Os Oil.
-- • --

HAY AND STRAW, PER LOAD.
£4 Os to X 3 (k j Clover
Straw .L 1 l fss to £2 2s.

When at Lincoln, Monsieur A LExANntIE, the
ventriloquist discharged one of his servants, a Cambridgeshire
man, of the name of Alice, for gross misconduct. At the iolicit.-
tioa of mome gentlemen he had consented to ~gain take the ninn
into his service; nut his conduct ou Monday morning, 29th ult.,
was so improper, that bl. Alexandre, who is now at Nottingham,
discharged him a second time. The man was afterwards found
at his master's lodgings, with a quantity of arsenic in his po
session, some of which he had mixed up with milk ; and ac-
cording to the testimoly of the child, was about to give to one
of his master's children, when fortunately another person en-
tered the room, and the design was frustrated. The man was
of course taken into custody, and is now in confinement, but it
is feared the tender age of the child will prevent the ends of
1 justice, as no other person was present when the noxious draught
was offered.—(Lincoln _Mercury.)
Bow-STREET.—('rins DA .)--That terror of
the hundreds of Drury, yclipt Kilt Baker, a cy-
prian who is scarcely a week together out of
custody, was again brought up, charged with as-
saulting, &c. a gentleman named Matthews,
on Sunday evening. In the present instance
Kitt had not been so violent as usual, and it ap-
pearing that she had only left the Treadmill on
Friday, the Magistrate said he would in this
instance try the effect of mildness, and thus save
the country the expence of maintaining her for
some time, which it had done for the last few
years with very little exception.

THE LONDON JOURNALS.

DA I IX
Eall'llet.3 from the Morning Papers,, Jun. 12.

[MORNING . cnttonicr.E.]
One of the first and most evident effects pro-
duced by the late re,action in Spain, has been the
entire ascendancy of Russia in the councils of
king. Fesdinand. At the present moment, no- •
thing is done in Madrid or any great political_ im-
portatice,‘ that is not: previously recommended or
sok:dolled .by the . agents of Alexander.- :The
new Minister, M. Paez de la Cadena, appointed
to tl►i3. country,.owes his nomination entirely to
.Russian influence ; and that intimate and good
.enderstanding, and cordial friendship- which up
to the revolution in 1820 existed between the
Emperor Alexander and King Ferdinand, as
evinced by their CerreSPondence, published in
. our columns a few weeks ago, is now completely
re-established. All this is dsie' to the extraor-
dinary exertions of M. Pozzo di Borgo,
.and the great interest his master took in
urging. the French to advance into Spain—
a _service which •the grateful Ferdinand pro-
tests he can never forget, and which he is de-
sirens of acknowledging by every means in his
rower. By watching the policy of Spain on
many of the important questions in which the
Government of that country is now engaged,
titre may discover the sentiments of the Russian
Cabinet respecting them, as • the Spanish Mo-
Larch is determined to take no btep of any con-
sequence, without first receiving the approbation
of his old and faithful Ally, and it is whispered
that the Amnesty Decree, so long promised and
expected, has not hitherto been published in
Madrid, owing to the distance to St. Petersburgh,
and the delaya_with which • a communication be-
ween the capitals. of the Southern and Northern
extremities of Europe is attended.

[MORNING POST.]

French Papers to the 10th init. and the Etoile
Saturday reached us to a late hour last night
by Express. The Journal des Dibats continues
to seize every opportunity of declaring that
peace will be maintained, and that there is no
foundation for the fears which have bean enter.
tained of an attack on the independence of South
America. It becomes every day more evident,
however, that this determination to abstain from
.attempting by force of arms to reduce the late
Colonies of Spain to their former state of slavery
and degradation would not have been taken, had
not the recognition cf the New States by Eng-
land and the American Congress convinced the
European Powers that the enterprize could not
Possibly succeed. The French Ministry will not
of coarse own this openly, but the truth pierces
.chrough the lightness of tone with which it affects
to treat the reported coalition of England and
the tJtaited States to protect South America.— ,
The. latest intelligence from Rome states,.
that the recovery of the new Pope Ochs consi-
dered hopeless. His Holiness is said to have
become so supicious, as to refuse all medicines
'and potions prepared by his physicians, and to
take only those which he was able to make him-
self.—The Amateur contains three Royal Ordi-
nances, dated the 7th instant ; the first of
which nominates the Viscount de Chateaubriand
Knight Commander of the King's Orders:"
the second confers the same distinction upon the
Dukes de Doudeauville and de Dumas ; and
the third appoints the Baron de Vitrolles a
nister of State, and Member of the Privy Council.

[THE TIMES.]
By the 'Madrid accounts in the French jour-
nals, we find that Ferdinand and his advisers
are busied in the preparation of certain measures,
which may be described as just so many dif-
ferent modes of trifling with their own situation
and with that of Spain. The Duke of Infantado
has reported to the King relative to a re-organiz-
ation of the Royal Guard. It is easy to form
plans on paper, but where is the substratum for
a good military body in the interest of the monks,
and of a denationalized grandees ? Where are
the officers ? How are the troops to be paid ?
And without respectable officers, and regular
pay, through what medium are they to be disci-
plined, or what degree of confidence can they be
considered worthy, should any crisis arise to
bring these new regiments into collision with
their countrymen ? The same remark may be
applied to the whole army, which there is, it
seems, a talk of re-creating. The difficulties will
be greatly aggravated by the resolution taken to
disband the Constitutional army, which embraces
undoubtedly the hest material for a military force
throughout the Peninsula, but which, being thus
consigned to fight or perish, will be driven into'
a state of unavoidable hostility to the Govern-
ment, and of constant readiness for every scheme
of revolt. The character and efficiency of the
Hew royal army may be guessed at from the
pledge given is the Madrid Papers, to supply it
with officers from among those who have " taken
'' up arms fur the King, and sacrificed them-
" selves for the good cause." These are the offi-
cers of the Faith, we take for granted, of whom
the world knows enough to be assured, that if
Mina were to send one of his boots from London,
little more would be necessary to annihilate
them, Frovided. the French troops were once
at .their own.side of the Pyrenees. The " am-
nesty," from .what appears of the numberless
conditions to be.anneOed to it, bids fair to turn
out neither more nor less than a solemn register
of those persons and actions which. are not to be
forgiven, but,punished—a record of vengeance,
not of grace. Ferdinand himself may one day
deplore the applicability of this Royal precednnt
to crimes and criminals which were not in the
contemplation of its author.
