11R1711fll HEST

_TIM importance of our Colonial Possessions must
be evident to every man who is capable of reile6ting
on the national interest ; and the result of the en-
quiries made by the Committee appointed to take
into consideration the Commercial State of the West
fodta Colonies, and to report their Proceedings from
time to time. to the House of Commons, • liar given
a peculiar interest to the tubjea, at the present criti-
cal rnotbent. 4 Work on this subject, recently
brought forward by Mr. LowE, a Gentleman who
has investigated it with 'diligence, catiJour, and
Judgment„ contains so much inforination as7to en-
title it to the particular notice of the Public at large..
We shall at present submit the foll Owing Extra&
from this intelligent 'Work to
.our Readers, and re-
sume our attention to it as opportunity may allow.
Few subjeOs are less accurately Inglerstood-by
the public, than the real situation of the West-India'
trade. The number of ships which it employs, the
Tatitity and value of the merchandise which they
transport, suggest, to common observation, the idea
of a traffic as lucrativeto individuals, as it is import-
ant to the country. Impressed with the recollection,
of the splendid fortunes of which this commerce was
once the 'source, and dazzled by its surprising extent,
the world still associates prosperity and i•litience
with the name of West-India planter. A more
attentive inquiry, however, will speedily dispel The
illusion, It will teach us that, by conquering.and
Improving di:, colonies of our enemies, we Oitve•ill'
calculably depreciated our ovvii ; that with an an-
.nual importation, nearly double. our
preheat annual
*cauwirligioni and more Li•an dutibl. our nuportation
twenty years ago, we have failed, to adapt to 'this air*
tended supply a correspondent system of financial
segulation L and that, while our manufactures3Ni
our public treasury cieriv:° an ample revenue hum'
this branch,'Of our commerce; the individuals Mune= ,
diately engaged. •in it eßerience only disvpoint-
.lndot nod loss. This inquiry will also shew, , that
the taxes. imposed on sugar, at the roost flourishing.
period of the trade, have, not only been continued
during, itwdepression, but progressively increased ;
that'. these, taxes, which the Legislature intended
should be bnrite;,by t .e consoimr; have fallen wholly,
r
upon iiie,plantei and that l)y sijigui,t atlil
cho;y coincidence, their amount has been augment•
ed' exa.ily iii proportion as the planter's pearls oft
payment have dinunished.
" The origin of these evils is' to bo fonncl'ir;
the
mistaken policy of the country during last
deutialion oist..bumipgo, and the insurreeliorill
Grenoth and St. Vincent's, by abridging the impor-
tation, had cariged sugar, in 1797 and 1798, to
price which" trade the nation believe that
.ewe could,
continue to,rnonopfilie the supply of -,Fitripe. Aa
:.itteillp!,tvas therefore made to Oblige foreigners tat •
pay a part of the duty, instead of drawing the whole
back; as fortierty, on exportation. This impolitic
regul.ition paved the way to the importation of sugar
by Neutrals into the Continental markets; and Of
extended cultivation of the Spanish, as welfas of the
French Colonies, provides these rivals with aini9
'cargoes ; they can transport the produCe of Amori.ca.
'to Euror, during war,' at halt the expellee of the
Britiib Merchants, both in freight and i ,i,orance ;
and even when we are willing it) make a giekkt Sae
cruse, and to sell 'our produce on, the C.'otiti;,
Dent- as low as; Neutrals, our: 11CCeSS to thill
market is thwarted by we prohibitory decrees of
France.. YL r, 'while we are impeded our fo•
'reign intercourse, . alOng the whole line of Oast/
from Metbtel to Trieste, and condneci, almost solely,
to our own consiaription, we are obliged w inipoit
annually a quantity of sugar nearly douule the ex•
tent of that consomption. - Every charge must cow!
tinne to-be paid,vfilli the same rigour as it the val.!
tic were produtlive.;,and the result of this accumw
lation of v;ls is,. that of the ;rice paid tOr blVf
by:,the ',public, not one tarthing ves.as 1:1:orit to the
piati;er. What industry chu sup,,ort, these discus'
;•_;egeinots, or -what'lapital'tan Wilbsuipd such
• CotTiplicatlon bdrdens
The question, th,,rt‘ibre, is' redOced to 111'51
'ilie-Cotirirty it either essentially moanedthe 'lia
dition.uf the Oer,ons 'engaged inf Weqt.P'
trade,' er renounce that trade- forever.
" The inquiry on with:6 We.are auout (1) enter
-TS ititerestingzio' every Class 'of :subjetS' in Abe 0t11:,
hire, and to 11one:1)10re-titan to/. those who tiiin't
thetpselyeStitiqutie.4ed:With.the fate of 'OO 'Wes
Indies. A numlier of G,:iitleinen...Of landed pr°,7
perty.pre.. said_to...tuterlaiu hes:: send ;news. 1.),u,'
Oils Cua proceed,mix, trout iwitiqtsylit views of (";
4
elg,oCtii * * Instilled n .ani_icipatingotbali ‘),11
a ,:I,4l)older
unit
-Pfigitil-C`)lfris"l"'"`li'lle will Pell:el% e, tliat 1:11eY ci
y
in t;m aL. liars ut that navy which gu'r
-a .11s—O I. t. Uleil i which, in the'event.ot,tne ruin •
these Colonies, must fall, with_ double pressure,
on the landed interest ut Great Britain."

I§,sail9nkssitp as CAT4LArn Are ell..
gage&fer. the Ora House next season.. If this rot
port betrue, diet utter who haveabaled in her CIO'.
manas.,-`for:iillierwise it se ih itii iossible t
..pfapertyoualihve,ritiplorteil..the expence of en-
gaging. both.
ANllot4ol.olt Ilk wit as keen 11,5
.a razor, wrote. over his . door " Bard remora('
without cutting, errors ercepled." A few Dwyer,
*Wlio was pitsiug by, the Barber was right ill
adding a shaving ciwise, while, a bullying N~rt~ ter
swore, that no harbNr should ever get him into
Illy
seems to have derivco
the manic of his diverting- new Comedy frinn this
ludicrous incident,
The Windsor Theatre is now under the manage-
client of Mr. MuDiE, faihvr of toe little fetliAit'
-Roscius who has so much distinguished herself.'
Mrs. MoDis, is une of his' chief props, but 'he QC'
casionally increases his company with other per-
formers at well known merit. Mrs. STSP",S.
.ItibNißLE had Plkle and Yarico, with The Agreeutle
Surprise, for her benefit there, on 1 tiesdaY
and the following day set off ,‘UI, her husband for
Cheltenham:
Nye understand that the flight to Bald, by the
.11
weighty gentlemen Of `Furriliam-grt.tei), terinioavie
favour at 2vlr. CLOUD, V 1,1)..?, Oil rii., arm iyal
b-raugh, had telleai,as antaitonist _len wile
in
rear., Mr. LINGARD proceeded no nirtiier
VIZ S, , The dutch vvas for fou guineas, half

lIIG ATE VIDE

We stated on Thursda,. that we had received the t‘ilo first
Nox Taper!. ilroited -rt Monte Video. Thdfoliow,ing is the
Address to tn• Spanish Inhabitauts-ofSouth Attlerica.
. . . •

To our Spanish, fellow,subjeets we Also speak.
The present situation of affairs is witlo;ut doubt felt
severely. -yQU rlO "Sr perhaps experietke Met-invent-
.enceS, 'which ciretuuslances :render Mevitable. That
necessity, however, cannot always, continue, atAil
time will ameliocate what now seem distresses. The:
English' Government earnestfy 'desire your feliCitY,::
and feel interested in the welfare of every citizen.,
They come not to conquer, but to protect. . They:
WWI to emancipate you from the slavery of .preju-
dice, and restore you the liberty to which you .have
a right,
Cast your eyes for a moment 'towards the other
hemisphere, and behold the state of the Spanish
`Monarchy; degraded to a province of the French:
Empire, and almost blotted from the map of Europe.
That kingdom, Whose *power was once so mighty,
and whose fame extended to 'the. remotest nations,'
now weak and miserable, is hastening to.dissolutiou..
Under the absolute dominion of an upstart Mini4ter,
the tool and creature of a foreign despot, and the'
betrayer of his country, Spain at the present hour is
a pidure of disgrace, Wretchedness, and huMilia-
tion ; extensive, "yet powerless and feeble; the re-
mains of her former grandeur are alMost obliterated,
and she seems now like the mouldering skeleton of
a giant.
What then is the situation of her provinces ? un-
able to support themselves, to whom can they look
for protection ? Their mother country exhausted of
her revenues, destitute of ships, of men, and of mo-
ney, can afford but feeble aid. Will you seek.sup-!
port from that nation whose ambition has drained •

your treasures;
,who has plundered your churches,
and insulted your religion ?..Who has overturned
your altars, and trampled on all drvine and huntan '
institutions ?—No recourse,,no refug e remains,, but
to throw yourselves into the arms ofEngland.
The basis of the English Constitution is liberty.
Her laws are founded on justice and equity. The
rights of her sons are sacred. No despot camsacri-
lice to his. caprice the lives of his subjeCts. -No
petty tyrant to satiate his malice or gratify revenge,
can involve a family in ruin, or crush in misery his
'poor depondents. The lowly peasant,•whose labour
gains him a hard-earned pittance,.stands with respea
to liberty on a level with his Prince. He feels a
confidence in the justice of his country, and,. his
.• breast burns with the pride of independence. Riches
can neither screen-villainy from the arm of the law,
itor can power clothe guilt with impunity. • .
• In an absolute monarchy, like that of Spain,. the
liberty, property, and lite of the subje& rests on a
tyrant's nod. The King of Great Britain .is the
father of his people. His power is founded in love
~and not in tear. The goodness of his heart and cha-,
rataer, the mildness of his Government, and his skill
in the choice of his Ministprs, has raised, our Em—
..pite.in his long- and..glorious reign to the pinnacle of

power.
. In submitting to
,the English sceptre, you will
partake the same rights and privileges as English-
,men; Your commerce free from enormous imposi-
.tions and oppressive monopolies, will become more
• prosperous and flourishing than ever. The admini-
- *ration _of• justice will. be stri&ly impartial. The
gates of the Forum will be open alike to the Spaniard
.and the Englishman. There are men among you,
'designing, self-interested, and envious men, who
,would persuade yiou to view with hatred and abhor-
rence the English nation : who brand us with. the
name of oppressors, who misrepresent our intentions,
and stigmatize us as heretical . tyrants ;
,but the
-brightness of truth will dissipate „those clouds of
prejudice and error.. You.will judge from our cob-
dud of the honourable sentiments .of Englishmen,
And of the nature of the English laws, ' The splen-
dour and brightness which 'encircle the genius of
Liberty will penetrate . the mist .which. envelopes
,your sight. Be no longer blind to your own happi-
mess and interest.. Ask yourselves, it it is better to
bend under an ignominious and slavish yoke,. to be
subjea to a powerless, decayed, and tottering throne,
than to partake the blessings we offer, and be en-
`rolled in the catalogue of Freemen. Shake off your
ictl'artsT, and exercise thai reason you have received
front God. Are you afraid that your religious. privi-
leges tviil be invaded ? You are deceived;.- tolerance'
is the principle which a&uates our Government.Do -:-.
you wish on example of our lenity and mild-,
ness Toro your eyes to the island of Trinidad.—
' Paltry and Unimportant under the dominion of Spain,
it has now increased in prosperity and risen into
consequence. £heir laws and religion remain un-
molested and secure. They sutler no inconvenience
.or ill from being governed by a Protestant
Protestants ore Christians as well as yourselves. Ex-
. cept in a few not essential points our reiigion is alike.
`.:We both believe in the same God,rand,in a Saviour
who died lbr us on. the CrotS.

..• . • .
canah another L.l,t,ince of out instice and aqui.
:ty; "The. coricpiesti of France present a different
.pidure.---The footsteps of her.arinies are marked by
devastation and hl:: dshed : by cruelty, pillago, and
oppression.- Wherever they. have gone they have
deliveredlip cities to plunder, they have disregarded
The property of individuals to enrich themselves. The
possessions of the clergy they have not spared. The
ornament's of the ehorche, the decor itions of her
altars, have been seized by the rapacity oilier Gene-
rals, and sacrificed at the shrine of avarice.
England, in her conOests, pursues a different
course,-.-Her vi&ories',are bloodle,s and
She eomes as the messenger of peace, and in her
. train follow Toleranee,. Libetly, and Justice. Her
Generals are not beasts of prey like the French Com-
manders. They are nOt worthless and needy vice-
roys, ruined in reputation and broken in fortunes,
the creatures of an upstart favourite sent to repair
by extortion their decayed estates, and to wrest the
earnings of industrious tabour. • - -
Our EtigliSh Generals . are men of honour, and
Gentlemen; and Cavaliers. Under the government
of. our late Comminder, you have witnessed impan;
condescension and equity. He has respeded
your rights; he has listened with benignity and at-
tention to yotir claims, and allowed the free exercise
of your ancient institutions.—From the choice made
4:ty our Sovereign of the present Chief, you will judge
of the interest he has in your. wellfare, and'of his
Wishes to conciliate your affection. We congratu-
late you on the arrival` of such a man among you.—
krom his high rank, his long and meritorious

vices, from his known talents, at.,l from hi, •-#,II/4-rvli 1 ,
leputation and well-earned Thine, we taut' tAp-clt t
suc:ess of his enitrprizes, the prosperity of Ifs 1.;o-
-vernment, anct.tikeYhappiness of the People.
• VEIIII: A S

13,03CING.—The sports .of Liy"did not.
elude at Lowfield, as wa'sexp'e.-t 1, 1.))A,11-1-,.
.mg. manifested a. deteri hiniseii with
the laurels nivilory lntbre 1-,:t
1. he hatAing originally been loo1;,,i as a
ordinary profasSOr. :(Yrf his way i„ rAnd,l2, ha
dropped in at the Cricketers at Rai-
&ite, where heloiul, moit of the,Prop.sm-y oft/ie.
Fist who shad hotmiirt:llllt:',
with tbei*i• presence, and al-110111.4 whom kVai
Jack •Ward, the son,io4:,th,! vety'an 11:.:1 Ward,
trot, been, -1,"“); his tier-'
flier enterprizes. ,),lessrs. Dockartv and
Ward were talking over their perfeaions' in die
bruising art,. each alternately suspected his reputa-
tion was at stake, and this inittiral feeling produced
high words. The heroes were for bruising,_ and
after having disturbed the heuse for a' con,iderable
time, they Went into the road ancriet:h. If glory
was to be obtained by D‘KkartY in beating Dick
Hall and sack Ward in about threii hours, he be-
came laden With it, hut sortie impertinent fellow had
the assurance _to tell poekar.ty, attar he had beaten
Ward; that he had acquired uo 'fresh laurels. This
1, battle in the road lasted ten rounds,- when young
without a great deal of trouble, Was left. on
the ground bleeding asa %:anquislied hero. DockartY
has, as we observed Yesterdax,*iinproVed-a good deal
in boxing, but he is yet scarcely competent_ to be
'conle one on the liSfof pugilists;—/ielcher kept his
`bed yesterdaY; but Sam was 'walking about • the
streets.

RESPITE AND ExEcuTiox—in consequence °ran
application to Sir.Stmos. LE I.lt.mscv, on. the..behalf
of Gully, one of the oten convieled lit:fore him at
the last Ward,ick Assimis, of ;vending forged Bank.
of 'England Notes, and who'waS to have,been exe-
cuted on -Friclay, a respite was received from his
Lordship on Wednesday,- staying the execution until
further orders. On Friday, about iwelve o'clock,
William Frizncis, aged 30, and Thomas Mei.edith.,
alias Big liaker, aged 45, convicted at the last
Assizes of uttering, in Birminiltam, 72 forged Bank
of pgland',Notes, were executed in front of ,the
Connty Gabl, in Warwick. Baker advanded to
the extremity of the drop, and addressed the spec-
tators. lie admonished them to be frugal, sober,
'and industrious,' to avoid.all vicious:habits,: and take
warning by
.the fatal example they
,beheld in him.
But, above said he, " avoid loose company,
for by frequenting' bad company, you are liable to
be punished along with the guilty. It was bang in
my conipany which brought: that unfortunate man,
now in the gaol (meaning Gully, who oval to have
saffered with them), • into his dreadful.situatinn,
I-fe then declared, as well as Francis, as they hoped
for salvation and forgiveness from God, that Gully
was innocent, and signed a declaration to that etiett
in the presence of several rcspeelable witnesses.
Lancaster ASsizes Comtueoced,on Saturday, the.
B,th inst. The Hen. Sir At CiISMIIIiE presided
in the Crown Court, beWre wham 37 hisoners
took their trial.; ; 16 were acquitted, and 21 were
fdcind guilty : their seritenes were to be pronounced
on Saturday. Sir GEO'RGE Woon presided in the
Nisi Prius Court, where 13,4 causes were entered
for, trial. At the 'breaking up of the Court on Friday
there remained 49 to be tried.
At the last AsSizes at Warwick, James Malian, of
0 FillonaleY in that CauntY, carpenter, was tried be-
.
fore "qr. Justice BLANC, upon
.an indidtivmt
'preferred.againsfliim at the Summer Assizes, 1806,
on .the prosecution of Mr: William Cooke, for
ail datiglifer, then under the age of sixteen
~year;, without Ins consent, andlo,oq
,gcti4y; but the
:;;entence was respired till the 'nex,t Assizes, This
.proseCiition. Was lottncled open a Very Vitary thou.%
ancient Aft of Parliament, thiae2'fin` the protedion
and security, of thringhtics.s and unsuspeaing ft:males.'
' •

Yesterday -e'nnight there was tempeit
.at Harleston, Norfolk) the rain fell:veryt heavily for
more than balfan hour, and ivait sUcceeded.by loud
and .awful. claps of and ,:thd vivid
lashes:of lightning, coutinue:il with, little in-
tertnission for many hours, About seven o'clock, a'
tretuendousolapof-thunderGwas heard,l,and, at that
.instant, a large o3k pollard, on, the. preinisq.of Mr.
Fresltfield, a quarter of. a mite from Ahe. toNti,,was
rent from top to bottom, rtearly hall of it:, was:sPlia-
, tered, and the branches burtedlin ditfereut dire },ions;
one of which,. of more than, cwt; Was carried t 4
yards from the. base of the tree.
Same morning * thunder-storm took. 4)lace over
Norwich and its neighbourhood, avcompanied. by
one of the heaviest fails- of rain • ever: remembered
fig a series.of years., This: tremendons. conflia of
the elements conunencrAi fret .veen one nod two
o'clock, and the,piteliY darkness occasioned by _the
torrents that descended from the clouds i:codered
the incitisant flashes, of- lightning }peculiarly
ritic. U.ter about two hours eoutintranee the rtorrrt'
subsided ; but at six.o'clock it began again, and
lasted with nearlrequal violence till eight. At Pul-
ham a small farmer, who keeps four horses, had the
best thereof, worth 401, killed by the lightning. At
Acle, a tree was struck-and entirely split down.
The riding horse 9t a Gentleman at 'ilourniugthorpc
was also struck de:ht by the lightning,
The following letter from our Correspondent. in
Itothsay, dated tenth inst. contains tome other parti-
cular, of the thunder storm on the 13th

,4 On Thursday, the Judi inst. abnut•3 o'clock,
P.M. there was of e of the most violent thunder
storms here, = ever witnessed in the recolleclion of
any person ;. the rain poured down in torrents, ac-
companicd by frequent flas►Jtes of lightning', anti
loud peals of thunder.. one of which broke with a
tremendous crash on a house above the Cross, and
rent the door post, and broke some slates on the
roof; one woman was struck motionless, and .seve-
ral people felt severely the electric shock, and the
town bell, for a few seconds, was set a ringing.—
The woman has recovered, and though ,math}► people
were greatly alarmed, no farther injury has been
susta►ned. The shower must have been in a great
measure local, as there was not a drop of rain at the
time them 'Miles to this westward,"

,The Theatre Frainaise has sustained a new less in
the person of Mademoiselle Desnoziges, one oldie
.first-rate Mtresseq at that Theatre. She died of a
decline, on the gth instant, in the 31st year tat' iliac
ate.
