coIITES.

FROM .1 SPANISH PAPER.

• ,
nrscnuash PlioNotncciip BY SENOR:DON 1. MIGUEL
GoltDoA, PRESIDENT .01, C,ENBRALANI) ,EX-
TRAORDINARY CoRTES ON Tit E. I..AST DAY
THEIR SHEsIONs, scrr. 14, 1813. . . ,

SENOI;7I--Antid the acclamations c) the most
generous people upon earth, theseA4eneral eNtra- .
ordinary Cortes were installed, soul now they conic.
to.givel4h9nks to God, the author end supreme
legislator:of society, for paving granted them to
arrive sit the close of their lahonrs, after having '
laid the ckner;'stottes. of the sumptuons edifice
which is about-to- be raised, 9f the prospenty mid
glory of the Spanish Empire Sunk in atlisgrace-
-1.61 'shimbee humbled to the dust, rent and sold by
Own children, and dispersed and insulted by fo-
:reigners, deprived of till her strength, and ‘l,poil-
ed of her royal :robt.,s,, .wretched tintLettsiaved,
lay the sii.,-crcig,p mis Cress of an hundred
the provinces,
Queen. which gave laws to the two worlds,—
.Ntrhat.had.'becoine of her-first intitittions What
of !ter lcictis trhiclt eOritahled, improved,, the w1,.-
dom of all antiquity, sod which screed its a.model
for the codes of modern natious % 11.7 hat Ise-
' come of her:ancient liberties and privileges?' What
of her valour, her constancy., acid verity of
her 4ii tiles ? The very iveght of her grandenr,
the power. of her hlughty Kings ivhitt'li conti-
nually, although Slowly, extended its liliiita, the
ambition of, the.poiYerAd, the
,corruption of men
produced hy. riches, 1111..,eo4trilnittql to canse the
laws to be forgotten nrul.eootencoetl, find topro-
duce the moral tliSsolution'of the State. Then
Eingit, misled by evil'advisers, .coannittod *very
:innovation on the liberties of the people, none
wire forward to resist them, nod to et,mplain
w:ls considered as a crime against- the Stute,--•
6vemin_our clays, cnid -under_ onr eyes, a::.i;teri-
legions hand clared. to tone!, and tear, Awny the
racred deposit Of thc,olliwnce cif tbe peopie
PiitieF*4. this deplorable (Oily
•I hose who sleep did•not par-
ceiVe-, w
the evilf.hicit t hrvateneti ns. But
thcs'e. in .whomllie noble -Spanisif pride, nus .tiot
yet extinguisbed, tho:i-e; who Id:nifor,y4arsAtinorn-
c(, in'reervr tint•late of their 'Country, jaw thut a
fortunate .s)srant sidistittited -the law .of the
sword for the law -of nations. The Aesola ring r-
inption of our peilittlions'neighbours.vai iiit event .
.ineektable.frotWtheir Arenth,. and ottrwcalolis
fronli their exaltation,. and oar .tlegradation. :The
PtOoo, .oPpressed foreign"' force„ and by, do•
mesAc despotiAn, cried, out at once for liberty,
atithfor :Ow laws, Torrents of blood. flowed Oil
evelt side,„ and our perjured enetnie.; extended
o:4•corignests; V.pheineral tove;T,oot -sueceecled,
04s4lkother,,,oid the condition. of
~tAte people was,
not audended.-. The common. misery united 'all
minds and all wishes in. one, and .this
,general wish
.was for the,Cortes. !The Cortes then appeared as,
the only anchor which. could save the vessel' of
thu State, in the midst of tlwperilons shunt. The
Cortes, in hue, were instilled,. and under' the
• auspices of Divine Proeidener, foul the happy
satisfaction of bestowing npop the people
so:nuxiouslyasked-7-hovs and liberty.
TO attain this end the Cortes encountered acid
overcame diffitnltjes of every
,Wliich unlit
have proved insupportable to who had been
:minuted by less love '“) their country; less firm-
ness in.resisting its enendostaud.less constancy in
advosity. The Tyrant of the Continent had then.
subju-Ated the whole of it,. it all administered to
his ambition ,cyteept the virtuons and constant Spa-
nish nation. Therfimperor
quit in the knowleilgeof .his.power, or, his noble,
elthidid soul, deceived by the rub able adv an
tages of nentbdity, or what may be more Cl-ily
believed, mot being informed of the extraut,di,..
nary eventS of the Peninsida, did nothing for the
general independence, nor fOr its town threat-
cited indepentlimee. Austria, through neces-
sity, hall,aishort time before formed with tho
.13arharirnic, Mot . invaded and n this bled , her
at his pleasure, an alliance so fatal. to the
'lnman,, race; Airbieb be demanded and dentands
with more .ardour in the. pre,Sept erit,irt, hits.
tens taco-operate in the .worit of vow mon liberty,
in which conjointlypowernd nations act, and to
clothe herself with .Tier ancient grandeur and
dignity, by at once ..lecalting the bonds, which,
without advantage or lionourto her, daily More
confine her. Sweden and Prussia scarcely gave
signs of political eNi,tence, and, in general, the
mAlevolcut influence which reign* over the French
to their. opprohrhoo nod dkp,Titee; stock. all the
Princes of Europe into lethargy, or ;into slavery,•
f.r into time most ominous indolence. The King
of Naples and Sicilywas, tis he -now is,, our, ally
and &kit& but despoiled .of a gre?.t. port of his
people, and obliged! to direct all,his.resonrecs to
prserve the. inter'or and exterior minquility
of his States, couldl not lend ug.any aid, which
he' himself wanted.- Our friend Portugal, in-
volved in the same contest, saw her , lute ,ie-
pend outs ; but was not in a conditioo
attetttl.!n any other thing than the Mewle of her
Quern soil. Mnittianimote; Enghto,l contiotted the
efficaciotti generous- co7operaticwl r high she
Dent 'is from the beginning of the conic. 41, hilt it
was neither stillicient to impe,k, nor del ti:n the
torrent; of destroction To the vt.rv-toes of Ca-
diz.; and Nvlio is he that can des,rile -without
indignatiwi and witJtour the ,ituatinn
the cohot in 1810 ? This orphan -nation,
divarnwd. and needy, ',teas oblig.cd to (Atter intno
tear without any oilier. '4ltiltiwrt. 111;',n that ddr
Coil, the protector .of intoteence,,und ;is ow,„0
valour ; btu the- ways of ProvidetKe arc
scrotable, men cannot hasten events writ-
ten in the hook cif eternni rourirtls I have n'rc la
r'penteil it, acid every g00t1...,4ip t)thtrii sho.ck! g;ory
in repeat 14'0 tutu tt.d int° t COtitesl,
