LORD EXMOU TH.

On Tuesday the 29th inst. Lord Viseriunt Ex-
ot.„. arrived at Durtant, on a visit to Sir
PcHAtip GOODWIN KEATS, Recorder of Bide-
rld; stud on Saturday, the Corporation of that
"Art) presented his Lordship with the freedom of
!he borough in a gold box, with an appropriate
Inscription. In presenting it to his Lordship,
BugNARD, Esq. (the Mayor) addressed
'jai to the tollowinor effect :

MY 140111),-61 behalf of the Corporation
of the borough, town, and manor of Bideford, 1
'Litt desired to express to you the great respect
qvy entertain of your naval character; and the
signal and important services which, with
44 Ranch glory to yourself, you have rendeted
)(Inc country in the late eventful and protracted
It'ar; and ro mark, particularly, the sense they
*lilertain of your rveent achievement at Algiers,
terminated in the glorious abolition of
llt'istian slavery. My Lord, the Corporation
i •
"vemoly to regret !hat it is not in their power
t cOnfer on your Lordship some more valuable
nkvn of their esteem ; but they have directed me,
in their name, to present to you the freedom of
this ancient borough, which, they flatter them-
tetves, your Lordship will do them the honour to
tlecept."
To which Lord Exxotmt was pleased to make
the following reply :
" Mr. Mayor, aid Gentlemen of the Corporation,
" Nothing can he more gratifying to my feel-
<s, as as a man and a British Officer, than the ap-
-I.,'lcthation of niy conntlymen on all occasions; and
114tever bouours may have beenhestowed on me
`r my services to my King and Country, I
highly sensible of the honour now coo-
!tted on me by the Corporation of this an-
vi"i4• and loyal Borough, in presenting me
4`' freedom thereof. Be assured, Mr. Mayor
id Gentlemen, that it will ever be my study to
rtanote the welfare and interest of this town and
..'rottgli in its civil institutions and commerce.
:Ile box which you have been•pleased to present
14e With 1 shall no: only prize from the reflection
:at it will always furnish me with the testimony
4' Your approbation, but I will transmit it to my
I''Vessor.s, under the fullest confidence, that it
be equally esteemed by them, and that, they
--`l) in their turn, will use their utmost endea-
„
k 41.9 t promote the welfare and interest of this
;,c)vtit and its inhabitants. Gentlemen, I again
ittoo you my most cordial thanks, and also to
t
e ladies (bowing to an immense concourse of
Ithaty and fashion) who have honoured this as-
tllibly with their presence."

An old man, named James Cale, was last Week
,Fl'Arebended at Bristol, with a hag of stolen lead ;
the said he had obtained from a boy in the
greet. He was asked if fie could find the boy ;
Oen he went out and returned with a lad named
kl4iries Stocker, about 15 years of age, well
1)45a o to the police by the nick-name of Buona-
tigNc. and who bad been some time ago confined
LirNewgate. Thy old man then said he could give
i,"!rtnation of the who!e gang, adding, " And,
:1r Worship, I can tell you, that your premises
broken open too " The Mayor—" And per-
,P% you were present." ". Yes, your Worship,
O1s." The Mayor—" And how did the beef
1,„" " Very good." The information given
this old man has led to the discovery of a gang
ti,:qmards of thirty buys, who have for some
subsisted entirely by thieving, and whose ge-
lkil'4l rendezvous was at the Glasshouse, Lime-
1111.1ane. *They begged by day, and plundered
; and it is a tact, that in one week they
1;41;11)td all the laden in Belle-Vue Qf their pro-
-4‘4141.

I'OETRV.,

A TALE
ITI-itten by the celebrated SAMUEL Fo3TE, Esq.

• " Once on a time, a son and sire, we're told,
The stripling tender, and the father old,
Purchas'd a jack-ass at a country fair,
To ease their linqo and hawk about their ware t
But as the sluggish animal Was weak,
They tcar'd, if both should mount, his hack wou'd break;
Up gets the boy ; the father leads the ass,
And thro' the gazing crowd attempt to pass:
Forth from the throng the Grey-beards hobble out,
And hail the cavalcade with leubli: shout
This the respect to reverend age you.show ?
' And this the duty you to parents owe?
He beats the hoot, and you are set astride
Sirrah, get down, and let your father ride.'
As Grecian lads were seldom void of grace,
The-decent, duteous youth resign'd his place.
•Then a fresh.murmur Um,' the rabble ran;
Buys, girls, wives, widows, all attack the man :
' Sure, never was brute-beast so void of nature!
Have you no pity for the pretty creature ?
' To your own baby can you be unkind ?
Here—Sake, Bill, Betty:---put the child behind.'
Old Dapple next the clown's compassion claitu'd
"f is wonderment thou boobies laen't ashaufd,
Two at a time upon a poor dumb beast !
They might as well have carry'd he at least.
The parr, still pliant to the partial voice,
Dismount and near the ass.—Then what a noise!
Huzzas, loud laughs, low gibe,"and Litter joke,
From the yet silent sire these words provoke :-
6 Proceed, my boy, nor heed their farther call,
' Vain his attempt who strir,cs to please them all "

*,* We have thought proper to revive the foregoing Tale,
as a general answer to those Friends and Correspondents who
have abundantly favoured the Proprietor with their advice
since he assuaged the Management of this Paper. All that he
can say is, that he sincerely thanks them :01 their sugges-
tions, to which be shall at all times respectfully attend; but,
as Di. JonfisoN says, " they du not reflect that a Writer has
a rule of choice peculiat to himself, and selects those sub-
jects which be is best qualified to treat, by the course of his
studies, and the accidents of Ins lite."—The Proprietor has the
satisfaction to add, that Ile has received commendations from
highly respectable quarters, and that he shall endeavour, to
borrow the words of CONGRLVE, to please all palates, and
to render his Journal " sauce for the Nation."
