ELECTION COMMITTEES.

(Continued from our First Edition of yesterday.)
IPSWICH.
It was objected that the n'tice of objection was not
valid, it having been served on the voter's brother, not upon
himself.

The Committee ordered the room to be cleared, and on the
re admission of the public, decided that the notice was not
valid, and that the objection to the votecould not be gone into.
The Committee adjourned about Half-past Three.

Mr. WARBURTON had a petition to present which situ
rather of a different nature from that of two o:hcr petitions on
the subject of the Brighton Railway, one from Mr. Mills and
the other from Mr. Cooke. The allegation made by Mr.
Mills was that in the Bill passed by Parliament in the last
Session, in the preamble the subscribers were described as
having given their consent to the passing of the Bill, whilst
ho and Mr. Cooke stated that the Bill was passed
without they or any of the subscribers having given
their consent. The other petition, from Mr. Charles
Pearson, the agent employed for the prosecution of the Bill
in 1833, stated the circumstances under which this preamble
was allowed to pass. He stated that a sort of treaty was
going onbetween two parties as to how many shares they should
receive for giving their consent. The subscribers to Cundy's
line asked: for 2,600 shares, and the four Companies agreed to
give 2,000, which was the number actually inserted in thelßill.
Mr. Pearson stated that some of the members of Cundy's
Company, being dissatisfied with having 2,000 shares, in-
stead of 2,600, under the advice of the petitioner did not in
anv way intermeddle with their arrangements, in order that
if the Bill passed the Legislature the Company might have
HOUSE OF L TMDS, FEB. 23.
the benefit of the 9000 shares ; and if it were lost, that the
The LORD CHANCELLOR took his seat on the Woolsack at Company might have the right of opposing it in the follow-
Twelve o'Clock. ing Session, or might exact from the United Company the
Mr. WALLACE and others brought up a message from the
number of shares that they were entitled to receive. That being
House of Commons, requesting that leave might be granted the view of the parties, Mr. Pearson went into the House, and examined the contents of the Bill. He was
to the Earl of Lichfield to be examined before a Select Com-
mittee of the House of Commons on the rate of postage, and therefore aware of what the Bill contained. The London and
especially to be examined into a change of postage proposed Provincial Committee met on the 29th of June, and it was
by Mr. Rowland Hill. discussed how the Directors of the Company ought to act in
Upon the motion of the Earl of SHAFTE SBURY, the the matter, and it was directed that a Resolution should be
messengers were recalled, and informed that their Lordships drawn up, embodying the opinion of the Meeting. Mbre.
Pearson gave his opinion in the most decided manner t, iat t
would return an answer by a messeneer of their own House.
Bill would succeed, backed as it was by the four Companies,
Upon the motion of Earl SHAFTESBURY, the Ex- and he recommended the Directors to remain quiescent, and
chequer Bills' Bill, the Extent in Aids' Bill, and the Water- merely to watch the progress of the Bill. If it eventually
ford House of Industry Bill, were read a third time and passed. passed, they should call the Shareholders together, and lay
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE, at the request of her Ma- before them the state of affairs. Mr. Pearson further stated,
jetty, laid on the table certain annual reports respecting the that lie had seen the Bill and the Company named to the
state at present of the country.
Lord BROUGHAM presented a petition from Leek, in
extent of two thousand shares, and that when it was formed
they would be hound by their original agreement. It appeared
the county of' Stafford ; and also a petition from Tredgar,
Bill which stated them to be consenting parties. True no
in the county of Monmouth, adopted at a public meeting nl
clearly from that, that the Provisional Committee of the Co-
pany were fully aware of the preamble, and the clause in the
held in the Town-hall on the 9th January last, pray-
ing for the cessation of negro slavery ; also a petition front consent was really given, but they allowed the Bill to pass
Perth and its neighbourhood, setting forth very strong rea- without opposition ; and he did not think, however irregular
ions against any additional endowment whatever being •
it might have been to insert a consent without that
for-
consent
being
granted to the Scotch Church. The petition was signed
given, that it was now competent for them to come
by six clergymen end other most respectable persons.
VOTE BY BALLOT. ward and contend against the regularity of the passing of that
Lord MELBOURNE had a petition to present, which, as
Bill. Under these circumstances, he would merely move that
the petition be laid upon the table.
it related to a subject of great public interest, excited great Lord GEORGE LENNOX, as Chairman of the Corn-
public feeling, and upon which proceedings had been taken mittee, begged to say a few words. As Mr. Mills had got a
in the other House of Parliament, and many observe- petition printed and circulated, stating that the Bill had
lions made in their Lordships House, he wished to passed, either through negligence or fraud, or other similar
call the attention of the House to it for a few minutes. means, he would not be doing his duty to that Committee if
The petition was from the town of Meath, in the county of he did not state that he believed firmly there was not one word
Glamorgan, and prayed for vote by Ballot. The petition had of truth in Mr. Mills' petition, from the first line down to the
been sent to him in a letter from a gentleman of great respec- last word.-_(A laugh.) He was corroborated in that state-
lability in that part of the country, who stated that those ment by the Hon. Member for Bridport, who had ROW pre_
who bad signed the petition were all formerly strongly tented a petition from the Parliamentary Agent and Solicitor
opposed to the vote by Ballot ; but that they had of the Company, denying every word in Mr. Mills' petition.
now been converted to the expediency of it by the proceedings The Noble Lord after reading some letters from Mr. Charl ei
which had taken place at late elections in that town, He Pearson, from which it appeared he had a knowledge of all
( Lord M.) certainly saw with great regret that ehich that was going on, stated that he thought it wns rather hard
had been observed in their Lordships' House, namely, that Mr. Mills should be petitioning over and over again,
the progress of this desire for the Ballot in public opinion,
making allegations which his own Company denied.
which it was impossible to deny.—( Hear, hear.)
supported the statements that had
, ,
This gentleman stated that it arose very much from the fact of Sir A. DALRYMPLE
been made by the Noble Lord.
intimidation, and from the fact that the power of station and
Sir J. STRICKLAND thought Mr. Mills was a most ill-
life of one man over another had recently been exercised in used individual. His Bill had been thrown out last
a more reckless and unscrupulous manner than it ever had, Session upon some teehnicalties, and he trusted the House
and that, much more by one political party than another.
Whether this was the fact or not he didsnot know. Whether therefore, would eventually do him justice, by giving him an
this influence had been excited by one political patty more opportunity of having his case investigated. Tho subject then dropped.
than anothe,' he did not presume to give an opinion ; of his own
knowledge he knew nothing about it ; but if one half CORN LAWS.
if one third, Mr. VILLIERS presented a petition from the anti-Corn-
if one teeth of what he (Lord MeDsourne) hoard was true, he law aesociation of Scotland, agreed to at a meeting held
certainly could not at all wonder at the feeling that prevailed at Glasgow, praying for a revision of the Corn-laws.
on the subject, and that persons should be inclined to have Sir R. FERGUSSON presented a petition from the
recourse almost to any remedy which might tend to so much Provost and Town Council of a Town in Scotland, against the
inconvenience as that which they were now subject to. Corn-laws.
At the same time he could not but express his strong Mr. M. PHILIPS presented a petition with a similar
hope that the public would not be led away upon the
prayer from the Chamber of Commerce in Manchester. The
subject by any immediate pressure. He could not, how-
ever, but state his decided opinion, that if all that had petitioners were opposed to all monopolies whether agricultu-
ral or commercial. He cordially concurred in the prayer of
been said was true, the measure unquestionably ought
not to be adopted. It was not his intention to introdue the petition.e Mr. BR OTC HE
H RTON supported the prayer of the petition.
a:debate up-,in the present occasion ; but he must say with re-
spect to, tiro CHURCH OF SCOTLAND.
e measure that he did not believe that any mind Mr. GILL ON presented a petition from the Central Board
was so acute as to forges even in this country what the
conga- of Dissenters in Scotland—a body which represented not less
que,nce of the adoption of it might be. The application of it to
than 600 congregations, and a population of not less than
foreign countries he held to be no criterion for its adoption in this, half a million. They stated that their opinion was that it was
The very uncertainty of the measure alarmed him, and pre- the duty of all Christians to promote the interests of religion
vented him from adopting it. He did not believe that to the utmost of their power, but they considered that a Church
it would be an efficacious remedy for the evils it was in connection with the State had a contrar effect. Thee
y intended to cure, and he believed it would be at- y protested against any additional grant being made to the!
tended with greater inconveniences and evils than those
establishment as flagrantly unjust to the Dissenters, and that
that did at present exist, even if they prevailed to the they damp in place of promoting the true interests of religion.
extent allowed. Agreeably to the request made to him he had
The Hon. Member also presented petitions on the same sub-
presented the petition, but it was but justice to the petitioners
to state that he could give no approbation to its prayer, jest front different places in Avrehire, from Falkirk, Auchter-
Lord BROUGHAM would follow the example of the muchty, and from the Political Union, and other inhabitants
of Whitburne. Also a petition front the latter place, praying
Noble Viscount ix not introducing a debate upon the present for a repeal of the Poor-law,
,TußndEerN
occasion ; but- he thought it but fair, considering that the sub-
ject had occupied so much of the public attention latterly, that
tCheHg-
LIGHTING AND I,7aEwN. TILATING THE HOUSE,
he should say a few words upon it, to endeavour, if possible, nexStirbrFin. considerationa v e notice
otfh
the
h he
House should
a proposalon :Nl on dfao yr
its better ventilation and lighting, which could be effected in
twenty-four hours at a triflinF.elpense.
to set right one of the arguments which had been
misrepresented by the Noble Viscount. He had said that it
was unsafe to argue without the greatest deliberation, and the he would tell most accurate and anxious comparison—( Ilear, hear)--Honourable Members in one moment what it
If it were convenient
In the first
waa he intended to
place,Praose.—(Cries of Hear, and Go on.")
that because the adoption of any measure in a foriegn
which passed throe,- (.41
tphreoposed that the columns of air
country had succeeded, that, therefore, it would succeed
a ove n a
wayvatshtatcywloinudlder below, throwing
Members shcreld be stopped,
in this. He (Lord B. thought that it was not only unsafe, dust into theb keeie,' eyes mouths, and nostrils of Hon.
but grossly illogical to argue that because Ballot had sue-
sibility of Members' headsbeingnde: aanffdecttheadt
boypeitn,nbgecsasuhseouhlde
needed in ore country that therefore it would succeed in ano- be made
ther,
reeposed to have apeprtousreesthmata prevent the pos-
Theteheth would slope upwards.
Duke of WELLINGTON considered that the state-
ments made by the Noble Viscount were too highly charged, pie should further pro
and that his correspondent had too highly charged ther chandelierslle would be ele-
vated, and from the fanlight (
bweomu
rl de 1 its stuo ea
preventvast bodyits
annoyingo of light,utN,e
witheyesa of Members. The
reflections which he had cast upon his opponents. He, reporters' gallery.) (the Duke of Wellington) firmly believed that the cons e_ , •green silk curtain quences of the transactions which had taken place dp.eing
the last few years had been to render the poscer
%al or . la;:t plan•—(Hear, hear.) He might mention that he had
, expense of the whole would not be more than half that of the
-

YOUGHAL.
The Committee met at three o'clock, Colonel LYGON in the
Chair.
Mr. Pollock and Mr. Thessiger appeared for the peti•
tioner (Mr. Nicholls); and Messrs. Harrison, Austin, and
Close for the sitting Member (Mr. Howard).
The petition having been read, and the lists exchanged,
the Committee adjourned to one o'clock to-morrow.
