CHILDREN IN TILE MILLBANK

Lord RADNOR wished to ask the N'oble Lord opposite (Lyndhurst)
what had become of the children in the Penitentiary to whom he had
alluded some time since.

Lovi LYNDLIMIST understood that one had been removed, and tha
the other would be removed in a few days,

WAR IN SPAIN.

Lord LONDONDEMIY gave notice that he would, on Thursday
next, move for certain papers and correspondence with respect to the
policy of the Government ai to the war in Spain.

Lord BROUG II A M stated there would be no House on Thursday next.
Lord LONDONDERRY then gave notice for Tuesday 6e'nniglit.
NEGRO EMANCIPATION.

Lord BROUGHAM then proceeded to present an immense number
of petitions in favour of Negro emancipation, which had eccumulated in
the course of the last ten or twelve days, which most completely
contradicted the assertions made both in end out of Parliament
that the question with regard to Negro slavery had cooled. He might
say, in contradiction to these assertions, that their Lordships table bent,
although the Parliamentary expression was groaned, with the wei;;ht of
these petitions. The Noble Lord presented, amongst other petitions,
two from Glasgow, one of them signed by males the other by female
signatures, amounting to 100,000, Carlisle; North Shields, Belfast,
Lanark, Aberdeenshire, Fife, Birmingham, Diss (Norfolk), Leeds,
Manchester, Dublin, Swaff7mm; a great ma”' from Cumberland,
Dunfermline, Macclesfield, Elgin, Weston Super Mare, Edinburgh,
Chorley, Brandon (SulFulk), Portsmouth, Peignton (Devonshire),
Peebles, Devonport, Amyeside, Staleybridge, &c. &c.
CHMCH or SCOTLAND.
Lord BROUGHAM also presented several petitions against
any additional endowment to the Church of Scotland. They
were, among other places, from Melrose, Forfarshire, Banff,
Sunderland, Kirkwall, Dundee, Perth, Heckmondwike, Preston,
Hamilton, Renfrew, Annan, Kilmarnock, Forfar, North Shields,
Durnbartonshii:tt, &c. &c.

The Er.. 11 of ABERDEEN presented petitions against slavery.
IRISH POOR LAW.

1 he Marquis CLANRICA R DE presented petitions from Leitrim and
Galway against the Irish Poor-law Bill.

The Marquis of BUTE presented a petition from Newton, praying
for the abolition of Negro slavery.

The Bills on the table were then forwarded a stage, and the House
adjourned,

HOUSE OF COMMONS, MAY 18.

The SPEAKER took the Chair at the usual hour.

The Berden Inclosure, and the Deal Pier Bill were read a third time.
Mr. DIVETT brought up the Report of the Committee on the
Exeter Gas Bill.

On the motion of the Marquis of CHANDOS, the Aylesbury and
Theme Road Bill was read a third time and passed.
On the motion of Sir ROBERT FERGUSON, the Londonderry
Bridge Bill was read a third time and passed.
Mr. CAYLEY presented numerous petitions from Westmoreland,
Whitby, and other places, all in favour of the immediate extinction of
slavery.
