EV ENIN-G E

•
.`

. . .. .. _ ....., ~ . . .., . . •
Whet Waa.the remedy. for the'_ present state of things in ment which the,people `ha to exleerieete: during the appren-
Jarrsicavaaan, impertantquestioe:lnd it was shortie an-. eiceshirtystem,:•and his heart had been filled with joy uneph
w k-
sereda-secarity
.foe the due and faithful .adrilinistration of 'able to see his felloss,:rnen.rien,to-; the enjoyment of their
justice.—(Cheers.) -1-le did not thi. k, in the. /meant just rights. Thai-. ,--_stliools.- • liv.v.c..r &key increased in
situation of Jamaica, this ceuld.be_ expected from the loc4j ,their numbers and -efficiency, -and the people showed
magistrates.—( Hear, hear.) What„ then would be the that they valued education. , The number receiving instruction
state of the negro's mind should he feel. himselloo' be,- es at public schools was 38.000,-and 4,000 at other schcols. On
th4lantee now aeontended •he ought to be, 'entirely -and Sundays they might be seen ,flocking to the House of Goo, in-
stead-of is forrrierly 'aim. tci the Sunday market to sell their
results of eor tnCl:tk'ion
exclusively in the' hands of the local magistrates It ;was I ,preaniene,
therefore absolutely necessary—in fact, if they lost this Ise ia;l:ewfiteld, in ,order that they might be
i pperted dining the coming . week. . Those were some of the
they lost• every thing—that, they should have stipendiary
and independent 'magistrates, who, .would be upheld and eauld state that.. the system en reference .to free labour he
was working well, and that the
supported in the West' Indies. aHe was somewhat qtrelifred. plahters •-were ell expecting fire crops in 1041, if the season
)ylom he litiew, had a dif-.
tb give art, opinion on this subject, iheving,: in the souse'
ftehroeuntiepwroi‘ihe fhavisourreaobplele,.
. the said Question, which work on account of
of his professional '
experience, bed much tedewith the
local magikrates, for men.); of whoM lie lihd a:great respect;aAnc(ll7(g'ilell o,:r
try tie some extent. He *him and desitsed him to speak
with his people.—he.. did .eavne
ten ealolveedr szek.of 1.'1,17
but he was speaking of them generally ; and he was_
bceorounr,e-
him, and asked-why tree' h.a-elH-
sure that fur; theni Co week' 'Out - the cirri lea
T said the
of freedom, and afford the . necessary • protection doctor had threatened" to burnglven down their honses,. and
to the negro, was not to be expected in the West had already thriewn. • the 'furniture. 'of one pea son
Indies, . elle . trusted, . therefore, • in. those appoint- into the highway, add as the crop time was approaching, they
merits, the Government would consider they had a sacred thought he wished :to take advantage of there, and-therefare
'trust to discharge,- and ' that' no application, would be 'they gave up work. He wrote to the doctor the simple'
listened to, but- from persons of the highest character, in. language of the people, and in reply received a letter from biro
dated the Bth February, 1839, in . which he stated—" As a
tegrity, and ability. He hoped; also, they would pay them.,
better, for -at present they were miserably paid, and in
_a ' 'proof how deeply my feelings are interested in having my people
country where the expense of living was double to what it satisfied and .happy, and how rejoiced I would. be to find my
.-- Iproperties going to smoothly and quietly, and affording an ex-
was in England, received only,a salary sufficient
them to live with economy in this country.-o( Hear , to.enabie ' .
ample to others, I am willing to place -myin
salf thus far ynur
, heir.) hands. I will leave it entirely to vou to fix the future mode of
As to the recent laws shoat which so much had been said, carrying on any estates as. to .wages. ...1 pledge -my word to
some of them were -peculiarly oppressive, and particularly fulfil to the _letter any arr..ngement you propose, and get the
that relating to, fisheries, for although these were not as iu people to agree to. lam willing to pay Is. 6d. per day. (ts.
'England valuable property, and in fact had never been sterling), for each effective male or female labourer, arid to all
•deemed 'of any consequence in Jamaica, the laws-relating others in proportion, giving them their houses, gardens, and
rto them were now as strict as the English game laws: and grounds, free of rent, to the 31st December next, or f. r one
'no negro could throw a. line into a river but at the risk of (Is.6d. sterling), charging
year; or I will give.2s. 6d. per day
'apprehension and - punishment by a- magistrate.' There eent as you state, namely, three farthings for a family, and those
!was another' law of a 'similar character—riarnelv; ihe- Of
.couese who, having no house, yet have gardens orgrounds, or
e tn. their subsistence out of my lands, to pay such weekly sum
pour-law. When a party 'had taken Stock, herica oteoxen rst you may deem fair: Probably the former mode would be
'which had trespassed on his "grounds--he took Them to a the preferable -one, as'avoiding ail disputes that might arise in
'punch, from which, they we're not releaied, till -.the. owner relation to rents. If you will take on yourself to draw up such
had paid a certain- amount of poundage, and liquidated arrangements as you deem just and equitable, I will sign it,
the damage. This had been a considerable protection to and if success attends . it, no one will more' willingly acknow-
theenegro a but now they had paased slaw, which made it ledge it than 'myself, and to give you full Credit; and you will
imperative on every negro' Who `brought an animal to certainly the parish."
be entitled to the thanks of every man in
pouted; -to'beinra vrrltten document, as a warrant for the He told him that he could not draw out any such arrangement ;
pound-keeper to receive it. ' • Now; in the first' place, the that he merely stood in the place of a friend to both parties ;
that he had merely acted as a peace-maker, and had brought
negro could not write, which was one of the greatbst evs-
h people to agree to work twelve hours a day for ls. Ttey
the
negro population lahoured under, being unable thus to
comumnicate their' sentiments, and thug this law, affected. camete te him ( alr. Clark) on the Saturday, and he sent them-
directly to their master. They went to work on the Mouday,
the labouring classes.only (another proof of the necessity and his estates went on quietly during the crop. Since he had
for vigilant 'stipendiary magistrates; .to afford protection been in England, he had received the following letter from
to them), fee when the planter sent the cattle to pound, that gentleman ,
he- sent with them the necessary warrant; but when the " Your "'teemed favour of the Bth instant I have this mo-
negro was aggrieved, he had no one to give him this docu- meat received,• and feel sensible of the trouble you are taking
fliflt.—( Hear; "hear.) There wife many provisions in to bring about an amicable arrangement 'between myself and
the English Poor-law whiehe.tiould be too stringent people on Riverhead and Charlton estates. I can with truth
and unsuitehle for -.Jamaica , • and he might say
. that ea.; ;Arm that I have never myself been one of those whohave been
violent or abusive towards the Baptists, or any other religious
grancy, in• the proper acceptation of the term, was there
sect. lam a Presbyterian myself, but by no means prejudiced
unknown. There were, however, many worthless persons
against any other religion. and in times of trouble share the
who went up and:down, and be should' not be sorry to see pleasing refiectidn of knong that I ever oosed the destruc-
a wholesome vagrant 'law established there. They had non of property belonging to your society,pp or personal vio-
heard a great deal about juries in Jamaica, and the strong knee. lam decidedly opposed to the invective and violent •
'bias which they had exhibited in many. Verdicts within the language se often used towards yee, and have never lent my-
lase feneyears. This he knew well; -for .fie,eor drop for self to it. , tam quite satisfied that what you state regarding
whom he- lind-acted had stiffcred severely from it. - He yourself is strictly the case, and your candour throughout con-
would give an example. There was a Mr. Bourne, a well firms me In the course I wish-to pursue. I perfectlyfi: approve
known stipendary Magistrate. in Jamaica—( Hear, hear)— of the mode you :propose of putting the people ii' 'possession of
who had suffered much. for his courageous and steady ad- my sentiments, and trust some fixed plan may be
Idrawn up to
herenne to the,Cause of, he negro, and who deserved- much enable us to go on quietly, for a time, at least. should eke-
at their hands.—( Hear, hear.) A case was tried ,before taibiY prefer some' plan grounded on giving up the rent, so as
to avoid trouble an expense in collecting it. A provision
that gentleman about three years ago, under the following must be male for twelve to sixteen hours' work during crop,
circumstances :—A book-keeper had taken a bridle and. to enable me to get it off; three months would do it- lam
beaten an 'tillnegro 'sod the head with it VeryieietelF going,from home to-day, but will do myself the pleasure of
Complaint was made to Mr. Bourne, and he thought the calling on you about noon on. Wednesday next. Prokabty yon
injuries the oegrie had received were of so serious a„chne- would prepare such an agreement by that time as would satisfy
ratter that he might die, and. therefore that he could not all parties. .If you approve of it, James Grahme. from Chart-
with propriety take baff-Somurder, as they knew, not being a ton, and Alexander Reed, from .Riverhead, with any others
bailable offence ;. he accordingly sent the young man to the you may name, might meet me, so as to give us
were aonnytbiern esierinaltae-s
teen we may require. I find the constables . f
nearest prison, where he was put into a room occupied by te
s b o
the supervisor, anditept a few days until the negro was pro-
cyoeust:sredayan, gritarrange beingwarrants snade,p I will' take care, atut th no
flounced to be out of danger. Upon ibis the bookekreper
one suffers.' ' Some 'cases of ejectment .against people, to be
brought his action against--Mr. Bourne for tending him to tries to-day, will not be carried into effect previous to nay
prison, when he was -only-charged-with' a ease of common seeing-you:1
assault, which was a beilibledfence. ' ..A•verdict was given
agaitist Nis.: "Bourne of '3OO/: damegecand "costs, " Vitra He wished to mention a circumstance that occurred before
he left the West Indies. - One hundred people brought
were very great. •Hd appealed 'ham the verdict, and after to him a sum of money which they bad saved. amounting
some difficulty obtained . a new trial, when 'the Jury re- to about 2,50 guineas. He botight for them 142 acres of
duced the damages 501., the additional costs of the new land, which cost 5001. sterling. He paid one half of that •
trial being, it wits tionecessary to say, more than-the re= sum with the, money they brought to him, end gave his
dUctiOn.—( Hear, hear:) Another case be would mention note of hand for the remainder, to be paid in 12 months.
was, that of certain black persons—a grandmother, her That remaining half had since been paid, and before lie
grandson, and"heeton'swife—who were taken up on the left the island 100 titles were'made ow and signed, and
charge of beinge:Truptatoy apprentices. Immediately on upwards of 100 people were occupying that new township,
being scat to pennem,eand before trial, they were put in which, to show thdir loyalty, they. were pleased to rein
chainearind,kepe so sfee -.several days; one of them was Victoria.—( Cheers. ) The person who, sold the land was
even worked in the penal gang, and at length they were a Magistrate arid a Member of the House of Apeembly,
brought in chajos, three miles, to - Kingston for trial and had . married a coloured lady, the daughter , f the
before the „Seipendiery Magistrate,. . who asked why
they_ were. in Chains, and on being told they were castos of the parish. That gentleman came and meat
willingly signed all the titles ; and the 7s. 6d. which be
brought lip for trial. Only, immediately ordered their had a right' to claim upon each title he gave to hint (Mr.
chains to be struck OM"
_He (Mr. Anderson) was then Clark) to repair the road to 'his chapel.—(Cheers.) He
prepared to shay-Vint there- were" free persons, and did had received numerous applications from overseers, mas-
so, after which ho thought he would try what damagesea ters, and others, to arrange disputes, and act as a peace-
Jury wt uld I give • them for what they had suffered. -The maker between them and . their people.,--( Hems.)
case was proved so •completely that' it was impossible to He them, and what did• they think was the amount of He had received a letter. from the Secretary of his
:Excellency the Governor just before freedom commenced,
damages given to, each? Thirty shillings, of Jamaica in whichlestatcd, " His Excellency begs' to invite your aid'
money, or
‘abeiot eighteen shillings current money, and each 'in sermons anti exhortationsin public, and your friendly advice
party to pay his own costs—(Shame, shapee).-eof course.. ,in any occasional intercourse you may have with this class of,
these ?ersons iiiiil no costs.topay, for he„bad felt great persons, in order to impress on them "what would be the real
pleasure in assisting iliena-(Cheers)—but they._ must re- state of the law after the Ist of • August next, and
,the obligee
member that the ' Magistrates were chosen from tions attaching to those who came into freedom at that pseatod,
' - '
the ' men COmpesing a these, Juries; .and this being' as well as on those continuing in apprenticeship." -The Rev.
the state of "'Jurist, a•Jurint, what security' was teeie a -at , - Gentleman then read an extract from a lettere writer K.
reared from -the West -Indies, in wibi Krick
stated
ehda d Le;
present ' for the due • execution of the deli by e
the local MagistnatesT? Therefore he trusted the-Convene mthaendrpedopolef
tshseemre:.fr
Apltainwitiambistfiteeridly
ecefehthfaemihelayviys rent Be-
the
Lion would never forget-:the propriety of 'impressing upon ss. per week, which is just half of a man's wages for the
the Government the . necessity of keeping tip the Stipen- week. The people are anxious to purchase land; - but can-
diary Magisirat-es, and making the situation worth the ac. not obtain any the estate."' lie could affirm, and every •
eeptance, pernen of talent and principle._( Hear,- hear.) unprejudiced= man in Jamaica' could do the same thing, that
He would now conc_l(4e by calling on the men of property freedonnwas vforkirls'',-well- The increase in the_price of laud
in this country, who mightnonbe unwilling to profit 'by the was eonsiderablo. the land which he_ bad purchased at Si.
suggestion, to. collie Out and inspect the country for them, . an acre (31. sterling), and sold. to.the people at 31. 12s. an acre,
selves. Oriiiof the heaviest evils they fabonred under was, to cover expenses, in the days Of slavery might-have been
,
bought for less thin 12s. sterling an acre. Indeed land was be-
the want of ptoprictors.- ItWas a delightful Coetetree--"-all .
coming verse valuable, and he had been .asked a.3'much as 100 e
that was wanting to make it are Arhbia "Feliir Was an im- per acre foland: In conclusion, he hoped that some of thesis
prover:lent-in the society of-the couctry." It bad been much'" might live to-see the day when slavery would be destroyed in -
improved. • Emancipation had lifted a weight off every-' America, would be destroyed in the Spanish colonies, in Africa
thing good and noble ; religion and morality had' arisen at' itself, and in all 'Arta Of the world. 'l hey might hope to see
once ; in every quarter they found places of worship' and • -that those .means that.were being used by those whom God had
schools for labourers; and .the prejudices against colour Set up would be blessed by himeand that their exertions would
[aid he bad a word or two to say to his American friends be crownedwith success.—( Hear, hear.)
on this—(Cheers)]—had nearly vanished. He knew. many Mr. SAMUEL PRESCOD, Editer of a Barbadoes Newspaper,
merchants' who since the emancipation of the slaves red would be .sorry to occupy the tizne of •the Convention longer
married the mothers 'of their children— (Cheers) —not than was necessary to bring before 'them a few important facts
having dared; 'or' not having sufficient moral, courage_ and circumstances, whiah had'eorne tinder his own ohnervation,
to do it before ' 'some 'of ' their excellent Governors connected With the working of the system in the smaller islands.
in this cluid : set's good example," having With their ladiete They had hear: d a great deal of Jamaica, and he was aware of
,the superior importance of .that colony, and that it Alin
not hesitated
,to associate in their drawing-rooms with Jamaica that the grand experiment, as it had been called, was
ladies of colour. This had been dyne by the Earl of Sipe to be worked out. It was to that colony that the eves of
and .Sir. Lionel Smith, abed were he' (Mr. Anderson) asked foreign slave-holding States would be turned for the results of
at that moment to select the most elegant-and accomplished :emaneipation. Rut he . would remind the Convention that
man aed woniania Jamaica, and the individuals of the Mostnearly half of the emancipated popula-
spotless private character, he, -should point to agentleman. -lion of the. Wes.'t h d plomes, and they were as pup betin ,
and a laity of celotnae-4cheerta)indi
hlin h ' 'ts 'tprotect the rest, scat-
Jamaica contained only
. . .
Wheenthen, the. Nobi-as to-protect those.° Jansaica.
lity of England were not ashamed or afraid to allow of such tered in the smaller colonies, . .
as abulitioeists and p e n reps , e f _
..
. '' • - ' association Of theirlamilies ii' the drawingereoree were they.. •of the Wands 'alluded to—a single right invaded, or liberty
-
to be told that in any country in the world persons of colour violated, . was as much a breach of the compact with the
were: to be refused. not, only association in the draning- planters, in the one case as the other. The Speaker was evi-
room but a place at, table in the cabin of a steam boat
as dently labouring under a severe cold, and several calls having
they- were in America?—( Cheers.) He hoped this would . been made upon
him to speak' lender, be begged to assure the
go forth to their American friends. • He had-many friends gentlemen.who could not hear. him, Viet he was really straining -
of colour in Jamaica, with awhom he felt it an honour "and his voice to be heard; 'belt he had a bad cold and sore throat,
pleasure to be associated. He would recommend his friends and as his efforts to bwheard 'Seemed ineffectual, he ;intild now
in America to try these persons. He. did not advo- make hut one or two general observations, and sit doWn, in the
eate the coinmiueling of the various reeks' of. society hope 'that' the Convention would grant him another :hearing.
. .
, . . ' He was desirous of bringing, before them some very important
there was no necessity for that,—the natural order of facts on the state' of.• the -laws and condition of the labouring
society might be preserves, and distinction .of. colour
the same' titre abolished.—(ileir, bear.). It, was that a
at 'poputation in Barbadoes, and if he shOuld find hiinsentill unable
to speak loud enough to be beard by his friend Mr. Feller, in the
he advocated, and which he hoped would, be made clear course of another day-or two, he would then Write a paper to
by the report of what he' had now said, . for he wished -be laid before .the Convention. The gentleman then stated
it to go forth to their American friends, among whom generally, that the observations they heard in the morning,. on
there was a prejudice almost invincible, and a hardness the contluct of. the,.labouring population of Jamaica, their 'M-
ot' heart ,en this . subject . which: could. be' understood only
by those who had witnessed it. Ferthese reasons he now ' provement in morals and religion, and the groat decrease of
crime, were equully true of the Windward and:Leeward Islands.
moved Abet tligreport be adopted.--(Cheers.), The conduit of :the pleniers, boyeevet, had been as bad as it
Mr. Blom said be bad listened with the deepest atten- could be, and if he had ever doubted that slaVerrde:en.'ohraeltsocds
tion to the important and useful speech they had heard and debases the slave-holder more than it 'steel -she
from Dr. Lusbington, and he wished in reference to seen enough in the last two years to remove th edoubt. The
what he had said with respect to extended planters had needed' to be prepared for freedom mach more
cultivation of sugar by slave labour, than did the negro, and Whilst the latter were praying and re-
to mention what bade turning thankstoGod for the boon of freedom, the former
been said a few years ago, as to the comparative value of. were imagining wickedness in their heart, and sinning against
free and slave labour, by the late Zachary Macaulay, who justice and humanity in the treatment of him.
was, as they all knew, a perfect encyclopaedia on all anti- Mr. Turtivatree being of opinion that it was imperative on
slivery subjeetsoind, who said that if the culture of sugar' the Convention to pause before it gave its sanction to the
in the East and West; Indies were. placed on a footing of principle stated in the 2d resoluticin' begged to move, by way of
equality with respect to protecting duties, bounties, and rider to it,. the following amendment:. " That nevertheless,
drawbacks, ned Adequate encouragement given to its cal- inasmuch as the sugar plantations in the Brasilian•empire, and
lure in the East, he believed it might be , - •• ~ made in Ben-
in the Spanish- colonies of Cuba and 'Porto Rico, the only
gal to an almost unlimited extent at a profit to the grower countries in the world into which the victims of
.the Afr:can
of a penny slave trade are imported to any considerable extant, are no-
a pound. '
. ' toriously profitable speculations; and inasmuch as the price
The Rev. Mr. LEICESTER wished to
.ask, with re-. of slave-grown sugar in the - English sugar market, meaning,
ferenee to the question of compensation, whether thereby, the short, prices free or.duty, is now.erdy '23s. per
the Convention recognised or approved of the principle of ' 'cwt., whereas the price of British colonial -sugar is at least-
the grant of twenty millions. to 'the slave-owners' by the 475• per cwt., free of duty, it is imperative on this,Convention .
English Parliament ?—( No, n'o.) • He' hoped the Con- to pause before giviri'g its' high sanction to principles which,
. anomalous -facts' connected with the cultivation of sugar, lest
vention would publish their opinion oh this subject in the however true in the ftbstract, appear to be at, variance. with the
a slave-
fortheir enumeration should interfere with the exertions required
accomplishing the suppression -or the slave trade. ''. .
most unqualified mariner, as it.was a quest:on much mooted
was entirely at issue with the gentleman whe
in the United,,Statea, and he had been assured by
proprietor, that he Would emancipate his slaves the moment Di. AIADDrN
had drawn tt
the most costly and the least productive- • id
they adopted the principle of the English Government.. ent....,.
of slave label) - the second resolution, in stating that of all kinds
Mr. Mon6AN said he was then engaged ire preparing a ut that of eltnported slaves tugs demonstrated to be
resolution on the subject. ' . ' '
Mr. J. CF-rntee.,-st 'New York, was not commissioned, Mt.' S'c .- • • ouLE said the rider of Mr. Turnbull contained a
and therefore' would. not make a long speech ; but there fallacy On rthe'face 'of it. It ad the rice of eleve sugar in
was a part 'of the Report be did not - understand s and the British market to be 23s..pmer-ce Wt , arid the price of free
which, if he did understand, wanted some amelioretion,. 'labour sugar 475. per -.cwt,
.' Butt what was itathat,made the
p
alteration, or amendment:" It was the allusion to the, int-. differerfee between those two prices Of colonial produce ? Nut
and 'slave labour, but. the
AMerica for the West Indies.. He called on .the. Cointen:.:. mono'poly.—( Heir, 'hear. ) . . .
tion to be yiry cautious ,bow they puts forth a. principle' After some further convereatientlie.debate.,uporethis subject
calculated to excise.so much opposition in America as.thia. was agreed to -be-posfPoned tin rfl-morrow, and the Convention
Mr, Joule Soeeirde said the objection could be °lry iated: adjourned shortly after Eaght.o•cloek, ~ , ..... .
by striking oat of the Report the words " United States a .- : __ .
- ~ . .
of America."- efr
SIR AUGUSTUS IYESTR' TO MA N•
,
VISIT OF
Dr. Roern said it was never the intention of the Con- - a —Colonel D'Este. while serving in the Peninsular
vention to compel coloured' men to emigrate, nor o" . VISIT
beingg at one time -divided from the battalion, was se coin-
n the
other hand would they 'do anything to prevent it war, in by Alaishal .Soult, that his. troop sat-
where it pletely hemmed,. .
was &sired.b I • famine, t his l'
Erred severely from aso qt, an, is owl) life, Ras
• • MrLia said be admitted the' coloured in consequence in imminent dai'ger. The corporal of the
man was as 1 sortie b - •
tree to, go Inc West Indies as the West Indian was to go troop. a native Manchi•shicri, madeu ~
in doubly night,
and
to the United States. Ali he Wanted was abet the ao_ 12roughttioateokanic pig,
which cookedeseasonawble'relie.atstheColonel att"bble quick
e-i oted his
la timed man should. not be given totime,
an
had• at 'this •
understand the Con- .recovery. Haoftn mention( circumstance to
vention wanted them to go. —( Hear . his father, the Duke of Sussex, regretting that the poor co
The hear.) .
Cliantaferethenput the question-That' the Report as f - -amongst the hi- ' .
at T I " 1.-
, at
s • name was
and
amended be Adopted,
JOSIAH COICDER, Ea-.
which was carried unanimously. at was only -a fortnight ago he learned, by ateid ' ant, at
oi. then b uht before the Conven- Greenwich, that he was alive and residi • tion the resolutionsof the" Committeel.3g* . ng in Manehester.
, whose report had been Ascertaining that he was to be heard of at the Peacock in Porto
received. He did not wish to add one word by way- of corn- street, the Colonel on his arrival called there, and left' word fir
ment upon those resolutions but would merely state that the ()Id John and his wife to be at the Albion in the
The
Co •
mmittee had endeavoored, as far as possible, to follow the veteran was much affected at meeting h.old evening. • •
' is dfficer and his
reporC '• The Hon.' Gentleman then read the resolutions, for wife no less pleased at going home with five '
,sovereigete in her.
which we cannot' find -room. They set forth elaborately the' k t and an order on Jones, Ll d
poe e , _ 03r , and Co, for five shil-
advantages of free labour over slave labour. • ' hugs per week during their life-titne ; the Colonel's 'valet-lee-
The Rev. Joliet CLARK, Baptist missionary, and delegat® company them as far as the market, where he from Kingston and St. Katherine's, Jamaica, in moving that loin
of beef and a leg of mutton for theiwto make merry with,.
the resolution be adopted, would not detain the assembly long„ ,
in cornmymoration of the Spanish i
p-7..—Manchester Courier.
He merely iiishedio state a few 'circumstances- thit had come , ii _ . .
--We
:to-his knowledge, after a residence of ten years iii 4411-6,0 -- L/ CORN M
ADLEIGH ARKET, jinn 15.
Indies, during a part of the period of slavery, the whole of ,
had a very small market to-day, yet perhaps a' finer quantity of
wheats for this ' •
the period of apprenticeship and a portion of the time of free- ,
dom. He had seen and mourned over the evils and t crue
. l ies :if at all, varying from last week. No alteration in beans or ' '
of slavery. Lie had lamented over the miserable disappoint - , )
barley but little of either in offer.—lpsteich Express.
