OLD BAILEY SESSIONS—(Tuts DAY.)

These Sessions commenced this morning at the
Justice Ilall, in the Old Bailey, before the 140 HD
MAY on, liccottuEn, Mr. Justice PAiu Baron
G A !MOW, Aldermen, &c. The REcounEa lire.
sided in the New Court. The whole of the eight
charges against Mr. llrvttY FatiNTLEnoy are all
laid as with intent to defraud the Governor and
Company of the Bank of England.
Hicuway ItollllElt Villiam Oliver was put
to the bur on an indictment charging him with
assaulting, on the King's highway, on the Ilst of
August, at the parish of Saint Margaret, West-
minster, Mr. William Hepburn, and taking front
his person, with force and violeuce, a watch, kc.,
his property.
The prosecutor stated that he resided in Par-
liament-street, Westminster, and about eleven.
o'clock on the night in question witness received
a blow from behind, but lie could not say front
whom, which felled him to the ground, and
stunned him. All his pockets were then rifled,
and amongst other property the watch in ques-
tion was stolen. Witness, before he received the
blow, heard the voice of more than one person,
which he thought to come from a female.

111 r. Harris, pawnbroker, of Tothill-street,
produced the watch in question, which lie said
1w received in pledge from the prisoner.
Joseph Cooper, one of the Police Officers of
Queen-square Office, deposed to taking the pri.
sorer into custody on another charge on the 24th,
of February, and on searching him, finding the
ticket of the watch in question. On being taken
into custody, the prisoner admitted that he had
pledged the things himself.
Two other wituesses were called, who proved
the prisoner to Piave given contradictory awl
false accounts of tho manner in which he became
possessed of the watch.
Five persou► wore called to give the pri•on©c
a character, when the first who stood up sworn
1 he saw this prisoner buy the watch from a person
named John Turpin, and for which he was to
pay 18s. A person named Edmonds was also
present. Turpin he (the witness) described to
have kept an old iron shop. Turpin, however,
did not appear, nor was Edmonds present.
Mr. Justice PARK. summed up the evidence to
this Jury, who found the prisoner Cruili,y.
The above prisoner is the son of Oliver the
pugilist.

NEW COURT.
utrout THY COII3ION scitorAx.r._

RECEIVING STOLEN G oo 03.-Philip Buchanan,
aged 41, was indicted fur feloniously receiving
from a man named Hooper a parcel of paper, the
property of Mr. Alderman Keys, a stationer, re-
siding in Abchurch-lang, well knowing the sume
to he stolen.

Daniel Forrester, a City Officer, said, on the
25th Juno last he saw the ►unit, Hooper, in the
City Road, that person was afterwards convicted
for stealing the paper in question, he had a
parcel under his arm ; witness followed him
until he was met by the present prisoner in,
Chiswelkiltreut, where lie, Hooper, handed
the parcel to the prisoner, they then sepa-
rated. Witness soon after saw Buchanan put
the paper into a bag ; he asked him w here he
had got it, 111 Ito replied, from a friend, but sub.
sequently said he should not know him again.—
The property belonged to Mr. Alderman Key,
un extensive stationer. The prisoner said he in-
tended to make a book of it, and believes that
he is a book.biuder. _ _

Mr. Alderman John Keys deposed, that the
man Hooper had been several years porter in the
house ; he identified the paper produced, aml
further stated that he, Hooper, was never autho-
rised to take any from the premises ; the paper
in'question is not of that description to form into
a book. The present prisoner was liberated the.
Session before last, but it was on the ground of
the indictment being laid in Middlesex instead
of London.
The prisoner, in his defence, said, he rPerived•
the paper of Hooper to make into a book; he
was not aware it had been atolen. He said he
still resided in the same house, which he should
not have done had he been guilty of this offence.
The prisoner called several witnesses to cha-
racter.

The Jury cousulted for half an hours and re-
turned a verdict of Guilty, but strongly
►•et~~ii►-
mended him to mercy.

thearmax, Ocr. 211.—0 n Sunday afternoon, Mr. Words.
worth and Mr. Cooper, Admiralty Midshipmen of the Prince
Regent, of 120 guns, lying at Gillingham, jumped overboard
to swim ashore: the former was unfortunately drowned, but the
latter was picked up by the great exertions of the officers and
crew ; we are sorry to state that Lieut. Weekes, of the same
wreturning
morning.l i
i wasfeAl e lifeless
Iki 1 Nt: i l SA.
ship, in jumping into a boat in order to rescue thF young geode-
men, had the misfortune to break his leg.
SUICIDE.—Mre.Carr, the wife of a respectable
boot-maker, residing in Haydon-court, put an end to horsed
yesterday by coning her throat in a most shocking manner,
completely severing the windpipe. She was a delicate
woman, and laboured under dejection of spirits so much, that
a nurse was constantly with her. Beforerbreakfast yesterday
morning, the husband of the deceased having gone up stairs,
leaving the wife and the nurse in the room, the former with an
infant nine months old in her arms, the deceased sent the nurse
for some milk, when she took the fatal resolve. On the husband.
sthrnnthsetaflirso;ra,idwelurigdet i sligtilltbplortTide,natteltdi itself
—i
little nlvnifoe
as
cent-
babling in it. A Jury will sit on the body this
TAG): COACH ACCIDENT.—OH Sa-
turday evening, about six o'clock, as Smith's Yar-
mouth coach was on its way to that place from
Norwich, in descending Ado Bridge the coach-
man by some means lost the controul of his horses,
when they immediately got out of the road, and
coach, horses, and passengers, were soon precipi.
tated into rt dike by the road-side. At the time of
the accident the coach was crowded outside and in
with passengers, and i titcibuteeleytrryn;v
eorlielei
foooorsfttu triti
that they all escaped, with the exception of a
dikealrii'teralii :1: 0" sfitteuri
whichntilou'citlhi eld)yui •fft
were
le la dtiheitta
good ducking, and two or three who were slightly
sgedn'earl;vheeix"lstaiduestpeadsswel:egenrsta"k'eetrie out. The
veryTl:o
being
marshes fro.m the road, U feet wide and ti or 0
deep; it was full of water from the late heavy
rains, which caused the conch .to go.ever much
easier than it otherwise would hare (limes 'The
Confusion that prevailed at the time way be
easily imagined. fortunately tax.

1111.: LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY
Extracts from the Morning Papers, Oct. 29.

[MORNING HERALD.]
Sir William A'Court has, it appears, migrated
from Madrid to Lisbon, and been received with
the usual solemnities by his Faithful Majesty. It
has been the fortune of Sir William to attend the
whole, or nearly the whole, round of the invalid
Governments of Europe. Ills practice, however,
has not been the most successful. It is true, he
quieted the Government of Naples, by placing
an Austrian strait-waistcoat upon it. But he has
left Spain in a condition more deplorable even
than he found her. The Government of Portu-
gal, also, affords a case for him to try his skill
upon. Its imbecility is unaccountable and in-
credible. The mass of the people appears
tranquil—the disaffection of the army seems
limited to some ambitious officers—yet is the
Government defied and attacked by the
Queen and the Patriarch—by a woman, and
an old Priest. Some restraint has been im-
posed on the Queen, by confinement to a par-
ticular residence ; but the Patriarch walks at
large, a detected and notorious conspirator, and
HO one dares lay hands upon him. The reason
why the Queen and this presumptuous Priest
plot against the King of Portugal is, that there is
still some shadow remaining of Liberalism in tine
Government, which they wish to get rid of—and
introduce priestcraft and pure slavery. There is
one measure by which the King gives signs of
life, if it does not prove him capable of something
better than his brothers of Spain and Naples.—
He has established a system of education, by
professors taught abroad, and by early schools
according to the Laucasterian, or mutual in-
struction, method.

[llll IT MI TRESS.]
Yesterday we received Sydney Gaieties to
the 14th May, and Hobart Town Papers to
the 12th of JUIIP. New South Wales appears to
be in a flourishing condition. Private letters
from Van Diemen's Land, of the 13th. of June,
mentioned the arrival of the new Governor, and
say that the Colony was in a prosperous state.—
Tho market, however, was overstocked with Eu-
ropean goods. A Sydney Paper contains a narra-
tive of the massacre, on one of the Friendly
Islands, of Capt. Powell, late Commander of the
Rambler, with five of his men. Mr. Butler, who
with his family was on his way, in the ship
Brothers, to Van Dieman's Land, as Registrar of
the Supreme Court, died on board during the voy-
age, as well as one of his children. Mr. Phallorn,
who was appointed to New South Wales by the
Church Missionary Society, also died on board the
Brothers. Col. Sorel!, late Lieut.-Gov. of Van
Dieman's Land, and the late Deputy Judge-Advo-
cate, were to leave that Colony on the 10th of
June, in the Guildford, for England. The new
Lieutenant-Governor, Colonel Arthur, with his
family, arrived in the River on the 10th of May.
Captain Montagu, of the 40th regiment, and
lady, accompanied the Colonel, who has appoint-
ed Captain M. to be his Secretary. The Sydney
Gazette, of May 6, gives the following notice of
the power exercised by the Censorship over the
Press of the Colony

" Far the last 12 or 111 months we have been labouring under
ate of the most unhappy mistakes. It has been a maxim to
inert all correspondences that passed the Censor of the Press—
many of which, indeed, came through that channel ; certain
writers, for views best known to themselves, thinking it advis-
able to aberrate from the usual order of things. Herein con-
sisted our mistake. We conceived it obligatory to publish all
the documents that were so transmitted ; whereas we have
learnt, that in us was vested the discretionary power of admis-
sion or rejection ; the Censorship of the Press only extending
to the protection of the interests of the Government."
