three weeks, and vrill, witliodt doubt, receive a

most flattering attention.
The training of the Guard of Honour proceeds
•
with alacrity, and the recruiting for the Rifle
Corps of Prince Frederick goes on, though but
Slowly 2• should it ever be coMpleted, it will be a
remarkably fine corps.
RoTTERDANI, FEB. 18.—Accounts received from
Paris state, that his Holiness the Pope tint being
considered by the Wench Government in suffi-
cient security at Fontainbeau, has, notwith-
atanding his age and infirmities, been removed to
Limoges, formerly the capital of Limatkin.-=-On
entering the territory of France, General Winzin.-
gerode issued the subsequent
PROCLAMATION.
" To.tbe. Inhabitants of-France,
" We enter yo.u- ancient confines, and the Crown Prince •
of Sweden follows us with all bls armies. Heaven hies blessed
our arms to the glory of Russia, and to the liberation of Ger-
many. •It will complete its work, and compel Napoleon to
give yon that peace which you all sigh for. • -
"Read the Proclamation of the Allied Sovereigns,-and you
will see that they with for peace with your corm trymen. Ask
them how they are treated by our soldiers, ,nnd, you will hear
that they enter Our towns and eillages'as friends.
" A French hero formerly stroke for your liberties and for
the glory ofFrance, arid-to-him Sweden has confided her des-
tinies. This Prince ,iiboin your armies fear, comes to acquire
new claims to yonr gratitti,de, and to obtain further victories
for the purpose of giriltg you happiness and peace.
" Receive Our warriors with concil.ation; they wilt ask you
for nothing, but proviLions. If at anytime you should have
complaints to make in consequence of ,any irregularity com-
mitted, you will find me ready to protect you, and to punish
the offender!,, if any individual of my army should, contrary
to the still of my Sovereign; plunder or injure a single French-
Man.
" Let every citizen remain quiet in his dwelling, every pub-
lid functionary of Government persevere in his duties, and
he will. he respected, awl acquire claims to the gratitude of
his fellow citizens, by preventing the disorders necessarily,
consequent on confusion and anarchy.
" W e fight only against the soldiers of the Etaperor Napo-
leon, and heaven preserve you from •juining yourselves to
them. The innocent may be blended with the guilty, and
share the prinishtnent to which the lattee should alone be
exposed. The entire population of a place -may be Riven
ever to the vengeance of the Cossacks if one burgher, one
farmer, lave his peaceable employment to Wife up arms
against us.
WINZINGERODE, Commander in Chief.
" Given at Head-quarters, Namur, Feb. 5."

MILAN, JAN. 30,--The King of Naples'on the
17th instant, issued the following Proclamation,:
" Having-for sundry weighty causes found our-
selies obliged to adopt measure's, for being ad-
mitted into the alliance of the States united against
France, we have in this instance been successful.
We have given up the three Islands situated op-
posite to Naples, and our whole fleet, hut for this
we are to have a sufficient compensation:. We are
going to take possession of the south of 'ltaly
as far as to the right bank of the Po. • , We 'shall
always remember our duty, and those pt,rsons in
office, who have always performed theirs, and
who have made no opposition to our • measures,
may assuredly reckon On our protection, and on
keeping their respective posts."
Immediately after the Proclamation having been
issued, the Neapolitan troops took possession of
Rome in the name of the Allies, and were there
received with every demonstration of joy. The
French General Miollis. retired with the Prefect
to the Castle of Angelo. These troops are like-
wise expected at Leghorn and Florence.
In the mean time the Viceroy had requested his
consort to repair to Genoa, but it is not believed
her Royal Highness will undertake this journey,
until the Neapolitans have passed thePo, and ap-
proached Parma. The fate of Lombardy and of
all Italy will now he the sooner decided, as we
cannot expect any assistance from France.
LIEGE, FEB. 10.—A corps 'commanded by Ge-
neral Prince Howinksy arrived here This day.
BRUSSELS, FEB. 14.—Te Deum was yesterday
chaunted in our cathedral church with all the
pomp which the motive could inspire: The crowd
of people was prodigious, and every one express-
ed the sentiments with which he was penetrated
towards the Allied PoWers for the unexpected
happiness which they have bestowed on us, in de-
livering us, as if by enchantment, from a GOvern-
merit which for fifteen years past has not ceased to
deprive our country of 'the flower of her youth,
which has exhausted her population, and conti-
nually tormented her with useless 'vexations and.
continual requisitions. • The Princes, the Etat
Major of the place, the Magistracy, and every
person of distinction in the city of BrnsSels as-
sisted at the •solernity. The garrison and other
troops, which were at the moment at Brussels,
appeared under arms, and male a most magnifi-
cent appearance. It. was not without astonish-
ment that we noticed among them some Tartars
'on horseback, denominated Bashkirs, who come
from three hundred leagues on the other side of
Moscow.—A Major Tuelisen, a person strongly
suspected of being a spy, was yesterday brought
before the Director of the Police. It is said that
a letter from the Commandant of the City of Ant-
werp was found in the collar of his dog, in which•
he requests speedy succours, without which,' he
asserts that it will be impossible' for hini to
preserve the place entrusted- to his ebatge any
longer.
- The Brussels Gazette of the 12th of February
gives the following list of General Offipers ih:that-
town :

His Serene Highness the Duke of Saxe Weimar. His
Serene Highness Prince Charles Bernard of Saxe Weimar,
seemsd son of the reigning Duke. His Serene Hignnessi the
Prince of Orange. His Excellency General Bnlow. Major-
General Boyen, Chief of the General Staff. General Baron
Wattaogen, Major-general in the Russian service. • General
Von Thyme!). General Oppen. The Baron Von Stutter-
beim, Commandant of the place. M. Jacobi, Commissary
Ordonnateur in Chief, and Major Tuelisen, Chief of the Gens
d'Armes, and Director of the Police.

BRUSSELS; FEB. 9.—At length, after twenty
years of oppresSion and
,calamities; after having
bent our heads to slavery, under . the most harsh
and odious of yokes, we now see the dawn of hap-
piness and liberty. That ambitious nation, which
had spread itself through Europe like a-devouring
tarent, and s s;allowed up the blood and sub-
stance of every people, abandons our fertile coun-
tries. That ambitious mortal, who took away,
and gave sceptres at his pleasure ; who mocked at
religion, and sported wit ri the faith of treaties;
whofi illed the world with terror and dismay, sees
overthrown the monstrous Colossus of a power
founded on usurpation and iniquity. Honour to
the brave Muscovites, who from the banks of the
Don and the Wolgalcame to those of the Scheldt,
to conquer the 'peace and independence or
Europe—hon Our to the warlike Germans-tu
the valiant Scawlinavians—to the generous Eng- 1
lisb, who shed their blood fur a cause 3 o noble, so

glorious t Defenders, of their country, conquerors 1
of liberty, they will-gather laurels pure awl it
.out blemish! Their unshaken constancy, Omit.
beard of exploits, will be the admiration und „
astonishment of posterity. It is to their oner-
ous efforts than we owe our deliverance, and the
" hope of a happy futurity. What Belgian will not
feet the liveliest emotion in his heart on reflecting
on the happy lot in reserve. for us ! Deputies cho-
sen from the midst of us to express our wishes and
sentiments ; the *Belgic Lion fiercely shaking his
chains ; the Low Countries placed in the rank of
nations ;' our privileges, our constitutions, that in-
heritance which 'our ancestors left us, re-esta-
blished by a generous and powerful hand ; sktch
is the brilliant prospect which opens before us ;
such is the termination. which shall he the
reward of dur laSours. Let this noble reflection
animate and encourage is. Let us imitate the
example of our neighbours, the Hollanders.' Let
us, like them, sacrifice our lives and our property
for honour and our country. Let us prove to our
deliverers, that we have not degenerated from the
ancient Flemish valour—let us make with them
the most generous efforts. Soon shall we reap
the fruits of so many sacrifices—soon under the
shade of a salutary peace, favoured by [leaven,
we shall see return the fortunate age of Albert
and Isabellathe golden days of Maria Theresa,
whose name our fathers taught us never to pro-
nounce but with affectionate emotion ; and if her
worthy grandson, the saviour of his country, shall
comply with our dearest wishes, we will prove to
him that we do not yield to our ancestors in fide-
lity, nor in devotedness.

SPANISH PAPERS.

DECREE RELATIVE TO THE MODE OF RECEIVING

KING FERDINAND

MADRID, FEB. 4.—On the 2d inst. the Cortes
terminated their deliberations upon the subject
between FERDINAND VII. and BUONAPARTE, by
passing the following Decree :
The Cortes, desirous of giving, in the present crisis of
Europe, a public and solemn testimony of unalterable perse-
verance with respect to their enemies, of frankness and good
faith towards the Allies, and of love_and confidence towards
tflis heroic nation; and also of destroying at one stroke any
insidious efforts which might be made sby Napoleon in the pre-
sent critical situation of Spain to introduce his pernicious in-
fluence, to menace our independence, to alter our relations
with friendly Powers, to sow discord in the midsl'of this mag-
nanimous nation, united in defence of its rights and of its
legitimate King, Senor Don Ferdinand VII. have.decreed, and,
do decree :

1. In conformity to the tenour of the decree issued by the
general' and extraordinary Cortes on the Ist Feb. 1811 (and
of which circular copies shall again be forwarded to such
Generals and Authorities as the Government may deem pro-
per), the King shall not be recognized as free, nor shall obe-
dience be paid to him until in the bosom of the National Con-
gress, be shall have taken the oath prescribed by the 173 d
Article of the Constitution.

2. As soon as the Generals of the armies occupying the fron-
tier Provinces have probable information of the appriiaching
arrival of the King, they shall dispatch a courier extraordi-
nary with all expedition to apprise the Government bf any
intelligence they may have received respecting the said ar-
rival, the persons in the train of the King, the national fO-
reign troops accompanying his Majesty towards the frontier,
and any other eirciatistancos which they may ascertain rela-
tive to this important subjeot, nit ....I,;ch information the Go-
vernment shall immediately submit to the Congress.
3. The Regency shall take all the requisite measures, and
give the necessary instructions and orders to the Generals, in
order that his Majesty, upon his reaching the frontier, may
receive a copy of this Decree, together with a letter from the
Regency, drawn up in due form, informing his Majesty of the
state of the nation, of its heroic sacrifices, and the resolutions
taken by the Cortes to secure the national independence and
the liberty of the Monarch.
4. No armed force shall be permitted to enter with the
King. In case of any such attempting to penetrate our fron-
tiers, or the lines of our armies, it shall be repulsed con-
formably to the laws of war.
S. If the armed force accompanying the King should don-
sistsof Spaniards, the Generals in Chief shall observe the in-
structions which they may have 'received from the Goveth-
ment,calculatedtoconciliate the relief of those who may have
been in the unfortunate condition of prisoners, with the or-
der and security of the State.
6. The General of the Army, who shall have the holiour to
receive the King, shall give him, from his own troops, aguard
corresponding with his high dignity, and paylim the ho-
nours due to his Royal Person.
7. No Foreizner, even in the quality of domestic, or menial
attendant, shall be permitted to accompany' the ing.
s. There shall not be permitted to accompany the King,
nor to he in his service, in any manner whatever, those Spa-
niards who may hare obtained from Napoleon, in his brother
Joseph's army, employment; pension, or dreoratiOn, of what-
soever class it may ; nor any of those persons who accompani-
ed the French on their retreat.

9. It is confided to the zeal of the Regency to point out the
route by which the King shall arrive at the capital, in order
that, with regard to escort, attendance, the hollows to be
paid on the way,,his entrance into tl 'is capital, and the other
matters connected with this point, Ins Majesty may receive
demonstrations of honour and respect due to his supreme dig-
nity, and the affection which the nation professes towards h
10. The President of the Reg► is authorised by this De,
cree, as soon as the entrance of his Majesty upon the Spanish
territory is ascertained, to proceed to meet him, and to ac-
company him to the Spanish Capital with a suitable escort.
11. The President of the Regency shall present his Majesty
with a copy of the Political Constitution of the Monarchy, in
order that his .Majesty, upon the perusal thereof,, may, after
mature deliberation, and with perfect voluntary consent, take
the oath prescribed by tbe Constitution. •
12. On the King's arrival in the capital, he shall forthwith
repair to thb Congress to take the said oath according to the
forms and solethnities prescribed by the internal regulations
of the Cortes.

13. Immediately afterthe King shall .have taken the oath
prescribed by the Constitution, thirty Members of the Con-
gress, including two Secretaries, shall accompany his Ma-
jesty to the Palace, where the Regency being in attend-
ance,. shall, with due solemnity, surrender the Govern-
ment to his Majesty agreeably to the Constitution, and
the second article of the Decree of the 4th September,
1313, The Deputation shall return to the Congress to give
information of this being done, and a suitable record
thereof shall be deposited in • the archives of the Cortes,
14. The same day shall issue. a Decree in terms of due so-
lemnity, notifying to the whole nation the solemn act by
which, and in virtue of the oath taken, the King shall have
been constitutionally placed upon the throne.
This Decree, after being read in the Cortes, shall be placed
jh his Majesty's hands by a deputation equal in number to the
prteeeding, that it may be published with thessame forma-
lities as all others, and conformably to the 140th Article of
'the Internal Regulations.
The Regency of the Kingdom shall duly attend hereto, in
order to its complete execution ; and it shall be printed, pub-
lished, and circulated.
(Here follow the-Signatures of the Pi esident and Secre-
taries.]
The rending of the articles of the above Decree
was received with peals of applause from the gal-
leries.
[A most interesting Debate occurred in the
Cortes, after the passing of the above excellent
Decree, which we lament our want of room to
insert this day.]
