THE SUN, LONDON, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1834.

LONDON,
MONDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER 1, 1834.

We have received by express the whole of the Paris
Papers of Saturday, with accounts from Bayonne up
to the 25th of August. The French Journals are
almost wholly taken up with discussions and reports
respecting the civil and military proceedings in Spain,
which still continue to wear a most unsettled as-
spect. For the particulars of these reports, we
refer to our extracts from the Paris Journals. The
most amusing article they contain is a brief ex-
tract from the Gazette de France, purporting to
be an official bulletin from- His Most Catholic
Majesty CHARLES Y., summoning the Cortes toge-
ther, to take into consideration the affairs of his-
kingdom ! The old story of the maniac who never
sat lest he should damage his glass posteriors, is nothing
to this. The Gazette de France, in trumping up
this ludicrous fabrication, must have thought of no-
thing but how best to excite the risibility of its readers.
The accounts from Bayonne merely state the rumour
of an engagement at Navarre, and another at Liquietio,
in both of which the Carlists were defeated, but not
before they had made an obstinate resistance.
The Bourse on, Saturday exhibited strong symp-
toms of a panic among the holders of Spanish
Stock. The speculators and jobbers all appeared to
credit a rumour stating that France had been persuaded
by the Ambassadors of Russia, Prussia, and Austria,
to decline all further interference on behalf of the Queen
of SPAIN, and that the vessels stationed off the coast,
for the purpose of preventing the arrival of foreign aid
to the Carlists, were to be withdrawn. It is hardly
necessary too add that there was not the slightest
grounds for this rumour, nor for another which prevailed
about an insurrection having broken out in Madrid:

As the express from Madrid, which we received on
Saturday, did not reach us till the moment we were
going to press, we had not time to do more than ap-
prize our readers of its important contents ;
and as
these related principally to the resolution of a majority
of the Finance Committee with regard to the foreign
debt, we again return to the subject.
The majority of the Finance Committee, agreed to
the recognition of the Cortes Bonds, principal and in-
terest, but objected to the Rentes Perpetuelles, or
Royal loans, contracted since the year 1824.. The
arguments used by the majority of the Committee
were, that the loans contracted by the late King were
without the concurrence or consent of the Cortes of
the kingdom, without whose approval the act of bor-
rowing was unconstitutional and despotic, and
therefore the nation was not bound to recognize
them on any principle whether of honour or jus-
tice : whereas the Cortes Bonds were raised by the
authority of a body whose collective acts were sacred
in the estimation of all loyal Spaniards. They fur-
ther contended, that the money jobbers who enabled
FERDINAND to trample upon the ancient constitution
of Spain were fully aware of the hazardous nature of
the security they obtained, should the nation ever so
far recover its liberties as to be able to assert its own
constitutional rights ; and that to recognize debts so
contracted, would be to establish a precedent pledging
Spain to the payment of whatever sums any future
tyrant might think proper to raise in her name.
All this, and more, was urged in the Committee,
and tile Madrid Journals which we have just received
mainly concur in the same opinions. But such senti-
ments are assuredly not ours. We are as sensible as_
any persons can be, of the extreme hardship of
making the people responsible for debts contracted,
perhaps in opposition to their wishes, and probably
for the purpose of enslaving them ; but we do not see
any remedy for this, if they will tamely submit to such
oppression. Their refusal to pay will neither prevent
tyrants from borrowing, nor jobbers from lending, and
can Only ruin their own credit in the end. But their
Tyrant's b. -"cl'
refusal to pay may do worse than effect tile ruin of
their credit. It may add a dangerous stimulant .to
stock jobbing ; for money-lenders c:7111
flue'marninfrop it
that having once accepted a
way to make sure of payment is to keep
teveryhat it c osuhroiturlyd
betl responsibthlee bestfor
people—demandsTilecr edit
ofie interest of its
every pecuniary act of the reiff„nin, government. That
Government may be corrupt, despotic,
and eectravagant,

"ver.

but the correction of it is the immediate duty of the
people, and if they neglect, they must pay the penalty.
The injustice to which they may be exposed will
doubtless be very great, and the accumulation of taxa-
tion burthens wofully oppressive ; but their sufferings
are the natural, and only adequate punishment of a
previous neglect of their most sacred duties. A
nation cannot be said to be coerced into slavery so
long as it seems half indifferent to the acts by which it
is degraded, and such was the case with Spain during
the very period at which the Rentes Perpetuelles
were contracted.

We are glad to find, however, that out of the nine
who compose the Finance Committee, three are for
the recognition of the entire debt, and that it is ex-
pected a majority will yet agree to the redemption of
the Royal debt, at about from thirty to sixty per cent.
Were this redemption paid to the original contractors
of these loans, the public would lose very little by the
transaction ; and even as matters stand at present, the
highest redemption sum is more than equal to the
average price on 'Change. But for all this there is
nothing more certain than that the rejection of the
claims of any portion of the public creditors, will be of
the greatest possible injury to Spain herself, by treat •
ing a reaction which may have the effect of ruining her
credit, and paralyzing her commercial industry. As,
however, the report of the Committee is not yet drawn
up, we shall hope. the best from it. Another week,
and there will be an end of conjectures on the subject.

Accounts from the East, bearing date the sth
August, state that the Sublime Porte, on the recom-
mendation of the Russian Ambassador, is about to
take advantage of the insurrection in Syria, by declar-
ing war on the Pacha of EGYPT. Intelligence of the
death of IBRAHIM PACHA was also received
by the Porte on the 3rd, but the general impres-
sion in Constantinople was, that no credit was
due to it. Will Russia interfere only by her admoni-
tions in these disturbances in the East ? Has she no
thought of playing the game of the fox in the fable,
who came in for the spoil for which nobler animals
had disabled each other ? France and England
would act wisely in looking eastward, and not suffer
themselves to be duped by a Power which foments
the rebellion in Spain, merely to keep them in
play while the plunder of the East is being effected.
They must be mad indeed if a ruse de guerre, so clum-
sily constructed, is capable of deceiving them as to the
real intentions of the CZAR and his Ministerrs.

The full and adequate discharge of our duty to the
Government and the country, requires from us the
most marked attention to so much of the evidence of
the LORD CHANCELLOR before the Select Committee
on the Law of Libel, as relates to the effects of the
stamp duty on newspapers. There is no man in
England better acquainted with the progress of educa-
tion among the people, or the effects which any mode
of public instruction will have on the public mind,
than Lord BROUGHAM. To the education of the
lower classes was all the energy of his great and com-
prehensive mind directed during the greater part of his
long and illustrious parliamentary career ; and hence,
his opinions are not those of an enthusiastic theorist,
who supports a system constructed in ignorance of that
world upon whose prejudices it is expected to operate,
but the matured deliberations of a philosopher, whose
every proposition has been confirmed by experience.
The people of England cannot have forgotten the
HENRY BROUGHAM of 1818, whose speech in Par-
liament, in support of a national system of general
education, upon moving for leave to bring in a Bill for
that purpose, was re-echoed throughout Europe ; and
still less can the parochial clergy of the Established
Church cease to remember that they themselves were
individually applied to, and assisted in supplying the
greatest part of the provincial information upon
which that Bill was founded. We recal these particulars
to the memory of those who took any part in public
affairs during the period we refer to ; and we state
them for the information of others, who may not
happen to know the importance which ought to attach
t'o the CHANCELLOR'S opinions on whatever relates
to the diffusion of useful information among the great
mass of the community. Now, hear the CH4NCEL-
LOR on the subject :
" The people wish to read the news, in which they take an
interest, and in which it is fit they should take an interest. In
public affairs they are nearly concerned, and it is both their
right and their duty to attend much to public affairs. lam of
opinion that a sound system of government requires the people
to read and inform themselves upon political subjects, else
they are the prey of every quack, every impostor, and
every agitator who may practise his trade in the coun-
try. If they do not read—if they do riot learn—if
they not digest, by discussion and reflection what- they
have read and learned—if they do not thus qualify themselves
to form opinions for themselves, other men will form opinions
for them, not according to truth and to the interest of the
people, but according to their own individual and selfish interests
which may, and most probably will, be contrary to that of the
people at large. The best security for a Government like this, for
the legislature, for the Crown, and generally for the public peace
and public morals, is, that the whole community should be well in-
formed upon its political as well as its other interest ; and it can
be well informed only by having access to wholesome, sound,
and impartial publications. Therefore they will and ought to
read the news of the day, political discussions, political events,
the debates of their representatives in Parliament, and of the
other House of Parliament ; and on not one of these heads can
any paper be published, daily or weekly, without coming under
the stamp law ; consequently the people at large are excluded, by
the dear form in which alone the respectable publishers can afford
it, while they pay the duty. They can only have it in a cheap form
by purchasing of publishers of another description, who break
the revenue law by paying for no stamps, and also break all
other laws by the matter they publish. If instead of news-
papers being sold for 6d. or is., they could be sold for Id.,
I have no manner of doubt there would immediately follow
the greatest possible improvement in the tone and temper
of the political information of the people, and therefore of
the political character and conduct of the people. It is my
decided and deliberate opinion, from very long and anxious
consideration, that the danger is not of the people learning
too much, but knowing too little. It is no longer a ques-
tion whether they shall read or no ; it is no longer a ques-
tion whether they shall be instructed or not ; it is no longer
a question whether they shall be politicians, and take part in
the discussions of their interests, or not ; that is decided long
and long ago. The only question to answer and the only
problem to solve is, bow they shall read in the best manner;
how they shall be instructed politically, and have political
habits formed the most safe for the constitution of the country,
and the best for their own interests. I can devise no other
means than making that accessible at a cheap rate which at
present they must have at a rate they cannot afford, without
having it bad as well as cheap. I wish to give it them both
cheap and wholesome."
This extract contains one of the best and most
important propositions ever delivered by a member
uf any Government. It is contained in the sentence
in which his Lordship declares, that if men are not
taught to think themselves, the few who are, will think
for them; so as shall suit their own personal purposes.
To render a Government secure, the people must be
either well informed, or utterly destitute of the faintest
glimmerings of kßowledge. The danger is in par-
tial instruction,---that instruction which enables One
part of the community to impose upon, and gull
the rest. Look to Ireland for example. Does
any person think that if the people there were
morally and politically educated, O'Co N NEL L
would possess any part of that influence which he
so shamefully abuses ? Were the people of that
n - United Kingdom as far advanced in
portion of the , "eighbours of Scotland, can
useful information as them, - .hemselves to the
it be supposed that they would heantra

car of a political demagogue, whose every act is a confes-
sion that he only subsists by agitation ? The answer
is obvious even to a child. Were such a person—and
many . have tried the same trade—to set up north of
the Tweed, there is not an artisan but who would regard
his dictation with the most sovereign contempt,
—who would not look upon it as an insult to his own
understanding. There is no such destroyer of
faction as knoWledge—no such moral corrector
of incitements to rebellion as intelligence in an au-
ditory. The demagogue, like the leech, lives
but so long as the body politic is disordered—ignorance
does for the one what a swelling effects for the other—
and blood is the natural food of both. The moment
the people are instructed, it becomes impossible to
work either upon their feelings or passions
to their own prejudice. They at once learn that they
themselves set up the authorities who rule over them,
that they have the power of removing ; and they be-
come too jealous—too proud of their personal inde-
pendence to admit the claims of self-assumed power,
virtue, or patriotism.

Had we time, which at this moment we have not,
we should hesitate to offer any argument of ours
in support of the means of best disseminating use
ful instruction recommended by Lord BROUGHAM,
in language so replete with matured thought, that we
question if anything could be added to it without in-
juring its effect on the mind. But the subject is one
in which we have always taken the deepest in-
terest, and, happen what may, we shall return
to it from time to time, till the Government shall have
declared themselves of the same opinion as the LORD
CHANCELLOR, and acted upon that conviction to the
fullest extent.

A LAMENT FOR MOTHER CHURCH.

BY COLONEL CONOLLY.

" The gallant Colonel, we understand, is sunk in the very depths
of affliction, and has been more than once heard to say that the
Whig Commission has signed the death-warrant of Mother
Church !" Dublin. Paper of Friday.

O honefdlig! 0 hone a rie !
Raise the tMig of misery,
Take to wringing hands and sighing,
Poor old Mother Church is dying_.
Dying, did I say ? Alas !
Worse, far worse, is come to pass,
For the venom'd shaft hath sped
And old Mother Church is dead—.
Dead as Althorp's last year's speeches,
Or the bloom on Byng's old breeches*—
Chaunt her dirge then, toll her knell,
Miserere ! Ding-dong-dell !
'Twas the Whigs who, to their shame,
Killed outright this good old dame,
Who, when she in lean condition
Was ailing from mere inanition,
Swore 'twas nought but over-feeding
And so had strait recourse to bleeding—
( A practice these Sangradot brothers
Love to recommend to others,
But scout with many a sulky hem,
When others recommend to them—)
In vain the dame with blandest smile
Protested 'gainst such practice vile,
In vain—for Whigs have hearts of steel—
Kicked and wriggled like an eel ;
In vain set up a touching cry
Of "Murder"—" Thieves"—and "Burglary"—
The monsters, chuckling at her woes,
Strapped her down and held her nose,
And when they'd bled and crammed, beside,
With horrid drugs her poor inside,
They left her, drenched and drained, to die,
Meek victim of their quackery.
So now she's gone, oh, sad reflection !
Without a hope of resurrection,
But 'tis comforting to know
She quitted this dark world of woe,
As a decent Christian should,
In a most angelic mood,
With her hand upon her purse—
Gave each Whig quack a hearty curse,
And Brougham a most especial, d—n,
Then groaned, and went off like a lamb !
0 hone a rie ! 0 hone a rie !
Raise the song of misery;
Wynford, for once forget your gout
And help me lay our good dame out ;
Offer up, Ernest—virtue's slave—
The prayers of virtue at her grave ;
Eldon, as you've a taste for weeping,
Go, melt in tears, where she lies sleeping,
'Till gradually, (lay by day,
Narcissus-like, you melt away
Into a chill fount, at whose brink
Our future Tories oft shall drink,
And while they draw from its supply
Fresh nutriment for bigotry,
Fresh power to ring vile Whiggery's knell—
Shall call in pride Sr. ELDON'S WELL.f

* Those who have seen these venerable relics of the olden time,
will at once feel the appositeness of the word " bloom" Govern -
ment, we hear, is already in treaty for the breeches in question, for
the purpose of presenting them as curiosities to the British Museum.

t A physician in Gilßlas famous for his constant habit of bleed-
ing his patients, and keeping them in hot water.

Vide the old church legend of St. Winifred's Well, a chilling,
ice-cold spring in North Wales, supposed by the vulgar to be en-
dowed with supernatural qualities, but whose only miraculous pro-
perty it is, to make the fools who go into it look more like fools
when they come out of it.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.-(THIS DAY.)

(FROM LLOYD'S.)

DEAL, Aun. 31.—Wind S. W., fresh breezes.—Arrived
the Julia, Hodnett, from St. Kitt's, for London ; Dorothea,
Craig, from Grenada, for London, spoke the Wexford, from
London to Bermuda, Aug. 6, lat. 32 N., long. 60 W., also
the Crown, from London to Quebec, in lat. 46 N., long. 25
W. ; Spheriod, Stow, from St. Vincent's, for London ; Jane,
Bell, from Buenos Ayres and Mount Video, for London,
sprung a leak in her passage and part of her cargo was thrown
overboard. Arrived and remain, the Tartar, Williamson, from
Rotterdam, for Madeira ; Antmus, Sergeant, from London
for Jamaica, and Walmer Robins, from London, for the
North Seas.

- -
PORTSMOUTH, AUG. 30. AND 31.—Squally.—Arrived the
Alfred, Mea, from Lisbon ; William, Anderson, from St.
Petersburg, very leaky.
PLYMOUTH, AUG. 30.—Wind S. W., a gale.
FALMOUTH, AUG. 30 AND 31.—Wind S. W. to W. S. W.,
fresh breezes and squally.—Arrived the Corsair, (yacht,)
Colonel Madder, from the Mediterranean.

LIVERPOOL, AUG. 30.—Arrived the Diadem, Croft, from
Calcutta ; Earl Dalhousie, Coall, from Jamaica ; Ocean, Tin-
ney, from Mobile ; Perseverance, Gibson, from Savannah ;
Gambia, Major, from Charleston ; Daedalus, Garon, from
New York ; Captain Ross, Harrison, Ocean Queen, Wood,
Heath, Smith, Sir Walter Scott, Mathias, Mexican, Webster,
and New Prospect, —, from Quebec; Jane, Theyle, from
St. John's, New Brunswick ; Colonist, Thompson, from St.
Andrews ; Britannia, —, from Nova Scotia ; and Bona-
fide, Brown, from Odessa. Off port the Congress, Dixon,
from Jamaica ; Phoenix, —, from Antigua ; and Asia, —,
from Restigouche.
COWES, Auo. 31.—Arrived the Havre, Hunt, Havannah.
BRISTOL, Auo. 31.—Arrived the Hercules, Cherry, from
Antigua, and Ruby, Blue, from Archangel.
GLOUCESTER, AUG. 30.—Arrived the Henriette, Robertson,
from Archangel.

A ship has arrived at Deal, from the river, apparently 400
ton, yellow sides and painted ports, turning in through the gale.
The Adventurer, Boig, from Restigowche to London, was
wrecked at Labrador on the 3d ult. and crew saved.
