COURT CIRCULAR

i CUMBERLAND ELECTION.
A Cabinet Council was held yesterday afternoon at thc
PO-
reign-office. It was attended by the Lord Chancellor, Sir
dLßobert Peel, the Duke of Wellington, the Earl of Rosslyn,
rd Wharneliffe, Mr. Secretary Goulburn, Earl of Aber-
en, Lord Ellenborough, Earl de Grey, the Right Hen,
Alexander Baring, the Right Hon. J. C. Herries, and the
Right Hon. C. W. Wynn. The Ministers met at 3 o'clock,
and sat in deliberation till 6 o'clock.
General Alava, the Spanish Minister, visited the' Duke of
Wellington yesterday at the Foreign-office. His Excellency
had also an interview with Sir Robert Peel.
Baron d'Ompeda, the Hanoverian Minister, visited the Duke
of Wellington yesterday.
The Right Hon. C. W. Wynn returned to town on Sun-
day night, from attending his election in Wales.
The Bishop of London had an interview yesterday with Sir
Robert Peel.
On Saturday, a deputation, composed of M. A de R. y
Carbonell, Captain Wilcox, K. C. T. S., Mr. George Bell, Mr.
A. J. Polden, Mr. W. F. Burton, Mr. Moore, and Mr. King,
were introduced to his Royal Highness Prince Augustus of
Portugal, at the Clarendon Hotel, to present an address of
congratulation from the British merchants,
&c., who aided and
assisted in the late struggle for freedom, on the auspicious
event of his marriage with the Queen. His Royal Highness
returned a most gracious answer.

CHELTENHAM,

The Hon. Mrs. Godsall entertained a large party of friends
on Saturday night at the Montpelier Rotunda. Upwards of
two hundred fashionables were present, including most of the
leading resident families ; and among the number were the
Earl of Moray, Lord J. Somerset, the Ladies Stuart, the
Hon. Mrs. Saumarez, Sir W. and Lath Burdett, &c., &c.
bancing commenced shortly after ten o'clock, and was con-
tinued with great spirit until past two, when the festivities of
mithe evening were concluded with a country dance, in which all
ned. Refreshments were plentifully provided in the read=
groom adjoining the Rotunda.
The second conversazione of the Literary and Philosophical
Institution is to be held on Friday evening next, when the
President, Dr. Boisrag on , is expected to deliver an address
on the Fine Arts,

SRIONABLE INTELLIGENCE

ARRIVALS.
'he Duke of Manchester, at Grosvenor-gate, Park-lane,
41:411.his seat _Kimbolton Castle, Huntingdonshire ; Lord Gar-
(liner, at the Earl of Chesterfield's seat,
tershire Bretby Park, Leices-
, from a tour ; Captain Harding •at Batt's Hotel,
bover-street, from Paris ; Mrs. Managhten, at ditto, from
Essen ; Mr. and Mrs. Maitland, at ditto, from a tour; Hon.
Charles and Mrs. Tollemache, at Crawley's Hotel, Albemarle,
street, from their seat, Bucks ; Sir Edward and Lady
Jl3lsekett, at Thomas's Hotel, Berkley-square, from Learning-
a; Edward Protheroe, Esq., at Fenton's Hotel, St.
ess-Etreet, from Bristol ; Charles Heneage, Esq., at ditto
frl! Melton Mowbray; Captain Knox, at ditto, from Brigh-
; Lord Heytesbury and Captain A'Court, at the Burling-
t,oll Hotel, Old Burlington and Cork-streets, from Heytesbury ;
It. Blackstone, Esq.. M. P., at ditto, from Herts ; Captain
and Mrs.. Locke, in Brook-street, from the Continent; Mr.
Charles Morris, jun., and Mr. James Morris, in Portman-
square, from Liverpool; Miss West, in Upper Grosvenor-
street, from Brighton.

DEPARTURES.
The Duke of Sutherland, for his seat Lilies Hall, Shrop-
shirestl; Lord Forrester, from •Melton Mowbray, for Belvoir
Cae ; J. W. Childers, Esq., for Cambridge; the Rev.
Lewis Szneyd, from Warren's Hotel Regent-str
eet, for Ox-
R Thomas Fitzherbert, Esq.,' from ditto, for Hants ; the
e'r. Mr. and Mrs. Packnal, from Batt's Hotel Dover-street,
for Windsor; J. H. Everett, Esq. from ditto, for his seat in
Hants; Mr. and Mrs. Moran, from ditto, on a tour; the
'3l'rager Marchioness of Salisbury, for Hatfield; Lady and
the Hon. Miss King, from Dover-street, for Oakham Park,
Surrey
bernarle-street, for Brarnham Park, near Tadcaster ; Thomas
J• B. Estcourt, Esq., from Batt's Hotel, Dover-street, for
New Park, near Devizes ; Colonel and Lady Georgiarat Cath-
earl', from 'Warren's Hotel, Regent-street, for tCemptown,
.laßrighton ; Lord Thomas Cecil, from F^_nton's Hotel, St.
rnes's-street, for Burleigh House ; :"Ir. and Mrs. Kerr, from
Marshall Thompson's Hotel, Zavendish-square, on a tour;
Mr. and the Hon. Mrs. G 11 and the Hon. Captain and
sa ,
+Mrs. Somerville for ...,eamington Spa; Mr, and Miss Clay-
"°l.l, from Mivart's Lower Brook-street ; Mr. and Mrs.
;plmsdale, from ditto ; Lady Hamlyn Williams, from South-
et, park lane,
for Brighton ; Hon. Colonel' Keith, from
arren'N Hotel, Regent-street, for Dunbar, N. B.

DWARD STANLEY, Esq., then presented himself but
e clamour was renewed tenfold. The snow had by this
me thawed, and the field was covered with soft mud and
clay some inches in depth. ThiS material was made up
into balls, and hurled at the hustings, many of the missiles
striking the Conservatives on :the face ; any successful bit
was hailed with laughter and cheers by the great bulk of
the crowd, though the Sheriff and many respectable gentle-
men warmly reprobated the attack. The clamour at
length reached such a height that Mr. Aglionby, M.P. for
Cockermouth, and cousin of the. gentleman nominated in
the Liberal interest for the county, was compelled to in-
terfere, and beg a hearing, but for some time without effect.
He at length went and stationed himself by the side of the
speaker, hoping that he might thus avert the shower of
missiles, but in vain--they still continued.
Mr. STANLEY having gained a partial hearing, com-
menced by an allusion to his conduct in the last Parliament.
He voted for the abolition of negro slavery ; lie voted for
a reform in the criminal code ; and he was ready to vote
for a fair commutation of tithes. He voted against the
Poor Law Bill, and for a repeal of the malt tax. He com-
plained that Major Aglionby did not appear to meet the
freeholders, and that the address he had issued was so
meagre and indefinite that no one could say from it what
were his principles. He thought that it was the duty of
the Major to be upon the hustings, and that if he asked
the electors to vote for him, certainly it could only be
proper for him to present himself at the hustings. He
(Mr. Stanley) had no doubt of the result, and he could not
understand what induced the opposition to be got up.
Viewing the whole proceeding, he must take the liberty of
calling the Major the Daniel O'Connell of Cumberland.
(Here the uproar became tremendous, and at one time
serious fears were entertained that a collision would ensue,
but the Sheriff interfered, and order was in some degree at
length restored. The remainder of Mr. Stanley's speech,
however, was merely dumb-show).
SAMUEL IRTON, Esq., next presented himself, and met
with a similar reception. He made a very long address, in
the course of which the Sheriff was repeatedly obliged to
interfere. He declared himself of sound Conservative
principles, and a supporter of the present Administration.
H. A. AGLIONBY, Esq., M.P., for Cockermouth, ap-
peared to represent his cousin, the Major ,who was detained
by a severe domestic calamity, the death of one of his child-
ren., His speech lasted nearly an hour ; after replying to
the observations on the other side, lie proceeded to declare
his cousin's opinions, which were most decidedly Liberal ;
he was for an immediate Reform of all the abuses in Church
and State; for doing away with the grievances of the Dis-
senters ; for opening the Universities to them ; for abo-
lishing all unmerited pensions ; and for an alteration of the
Corn Laws.

At the conclusion of Mr. Aglionby's speech, the Con-
servative candidates again presented themselves to ask
questions, or to explain what had been advanced against
them ; but they were again attacked with showers of mud,
and could.not gain a hearing.
Mr. SAMUEL 'RIGS,- of Abbey Holme, wished to ask
Mr. Aglionby a question ; but he only got the word " Gen-
tlemen" out, when a large handful of mud struck him on
the face, part of it going into his mouth. He persevered;
however, and was again bespattered with sludge.
Amid this scene of outrage, the High Sheriff came for-
ward, and declared his intention of taking a show of hands.
This quieted them, and the show being taken, a majority
of at least seven to one appeared for. the Major., Mr,
Irton had the second best show ; and accordingly the

WESTERN DIVISION.
The nomination of the candidates took place at Cocker-
mouth, on Saturday last ; the Members in the last Parlia-
merit were Samuel Irton and Edward Stanley, Esquires--
they are both Conservatives, and at the last election there
was a strong contest, the majority being only Bt.
The aht)ve two candidates 'were escorted into the town
by a procession of gentry and yeomanry, in carriages and-on
horseback, extending nearly half a mile. Their opponent,
Major Aglionbv, did not appear" on the hustings; but his
deputy, was 11; Esq., the Member for the
borough of Cockermouth. It was computed that during
the proceedings there could not be less than seven thousand
persons on the ground where the hustings were erected.
The HIGH SHERIFF, after the usual formalities, made a
short and appropriate speech to the freeholders, requesting
them to give a patient and impartial hearing to all the
speakers.

General PgAeillt, of Vickers Isle, Keswick, then pre-
sented himself, and was 'received by the Conservative party
with cheers, and by the friends of Major Aglionby with
111::.,es and groans, which rendered his observations for some
time inaudible, and ultimately some of the crowd gave more
intelligible hints of their rancour. He said that owing to a
melancholy occurrence in- the family of Mr. Senhouse, of
Nether-hall, who formerly proposed Mr. Stanley, that gen-
tleman had not been able to come before them, and be (the
General), therefore appeared at a very short notice to re•
commend a candidate to their suffrages. The gentleman
he tttk3 about to nominate was one of ancient and honour-
able family—(Hissing, and cries of " What have we to do
with ancient families here ?" and " What are his prin-
ciples.?"—one whom I
an boar testimony as being con-
stant and vigilant in attendance in his office as a senator.
—(Hooting, and cries of " We won't have him, he is Lord
Lowther's tool.") That gentleman is the friend of his
King and of his country ; his private conduct is equally
amiable and benevolent.. (Cbeers.) I propose, therefore,
Edward Stanley, Esq., of Ponsonby-hall.—(This nomina-
tion was received with cheers by the Conservative party,
and with hisses; hooting, and groans from their opponents ;
at length, in the midst of the clamour, one of the crowd
made up a snow-ball, and threw at the Geteral ; the
ground being covered with snow, the example was imme-
diately followed, and kept up without intermission for some
time, there being repeatedly thirty or forty balls in the air
at once ; most of the Conservative party were singled out
and assailed in this way, some of the balls containing hard
missiles, which rendered them rather dangerous. The
High Sheriff interfered, but in vain, and for some minutes
all was uproar and clamour, which was only subdued for a
brief interval by the speaker retiring to the back of the
hustings.)
Captain Inwax, of Calder Abbey, briefly seconded the
nomination amid a volley of snow-halls, which compelled
him at length to retire abruptly.
Major LUTWIDGE, of Holm Rook Hall, nest came for-
ward and proposed Samuel Irton, Esq., as a fitting person
to represent the freeholders in the exigencies of the present
times, 1-18 had sat for two sessions o the Reformed- Par-
iament—had shown himself indefatigable in his attendance
—his principles were soundly constitutional—and if re-
urned again, he would be found, as before, in the ranks of
he reall-friends of their country ; and although he might
change big side of the House, he would never change his
opinions. He voted for the abolition of the malt tax, and
for every measure calculated to help the people.—(Loud
groaning and hisses, accompanied with a renewal of the
snow-ball attack ; many of the balls striking the speaker in
the face.) He would give his support to the Administra-
tion which his Majesty had called to support him, but lie
was no bigot to any party. He was not prompted by per-
sonal ambition, but was called for by a large and distin-
guished- body of electors. (At this juncture a large ball,
made of soft clay, was hurled at the speaker, and the crowd
became so exceedingly outrageous that he retired at once,
after briefly proposing Mr. Irton.)
'l'. A. Hosxrals, Esq., of the High, presented himself
to second the nomination. He appealed to what Mr. Ir-
ton had done in Parliament. He was the friend of the
farmer and of the poor, and he (Mr. H.) was convinced
that the labouring classes would be no longer deluded by
those preaching philosophers who were the authors of the
Poor Law Bill—(Loud execrations, and cries of the To-
ries voted for it ; another shower of snow-balls stopped the
proceedings for a time)--men who had liberty on their
fingers, but iron despotism in their hearts. The farmers only
asked for a relief from their long course of unexampled
distress. Thanks to their gracious King, however, they
were at last delivered from that adinaastration which had
so long misgoverned the country, and in their place had
called men to power who were ready and willing to support
the British farmer's rights. He then spoke at some length
in commendation of the Duke of Wellington, concluding
by proposing three cheers for the Duke, which were given
by the Conservative party, and responded to by three
groans from their opponents.—(Another shower of snow-
balls saluted the Conservatives on the hustings.) He was
convinced that the present Government were the only men
who could save the country, and even though they might
sustain a temporary defeat, he trusted they would not give
up the reins of government hastily. He trusted that the
Premier and the Duke of Wellington would not
" Truit the.bark, and seek the shore,
Though the winds whistle, and the tempest roar."
(He was here interrupted by such loud execrations that his
remarks became perfectly inaudible, even to those near
him, and at length, evidently weary of' endeavouring to
quell the uproar, he concluded abruptly.)
Sir WILFRED LAW SON then presented Himself, and a
perfect calm immediately ensued ; the crowd remained
peaceable and quiet during his address. He referred at
some length to the act of. the Tories, and the proceedings
of the Whig Government, repelling with warmth the accu-
sation that Lord Melbourne, or his supporters wished to
destroy the established institutions. They certainly wished
to destroy the abuses, but they were anxious to preserve
whatever was valuable in them. In that sense, therefore,
they were entitled to the term Conservative. He con-
cluded by nominating Major Aglionby, of the Nunnery, as
a proper person to represent the freeholders of that division
of Cumberland. •
Mr. SPEDDING, in a long address, seconded the nomina,
tion
