LONDON, TUESDAY, MARCH 24, JB4O.

CITY OF LONDON COMMERCIAL
CLUB.

The COMMITTEE have taken PREMISES in THROG-
MORTON-STREET (opposite the Auction Mart), late the
London and Westminster Bank, which will be forthwith pre-
pared for the temporary reception of the Members of the Ctub.
Gentlemen desirous of becoming Members, must apply by
letter, addressed to the Committee, under Cover to the Secre-
tary. A. J. BAYLIS,
March 7, 1340. 1, Devonshire-square, City.

BLOSSOMS INN, LAWRENCE-LANE, CIIEAPSIDE
LONDON.

CHARLES RADENHURST (late of the
New Royal and Nelson Hotels, Birmingham) having
entered upon the above establishments, situate in the very cent re
of business, near to the Guildhall, Bank of England, Post-
office, &c., respectfully solicits the support of his friends and
the public, assuring them, that nothing on his part shall be
wanting to render every convenience and accommodation to
those who may favour him with their patronage.
The Coffee Room, having undergone considerable alterations
made elegant and spacious, and a large commodious apart-
ment is appropriated for a Dining Room.
Dinners provided at Two and at Half-past Five o'clock.
Fish, Stakes, Chops, &c., on the shortest notice.
Wines and Spirits of the choicest Vintages. Bottled and
Draught Ale, Stout, &c. &c.
All Articles of the best quality and moderate charges.
Private Sitting Rooms. Well-aired Beds, &c.

WiTISH COLONIAL BANK AND
LOAN COMPANY.

Office, 13, St. Swithin's-lane, Lombard-street.
Capital 1,000,0001., in 25,000 Shares of 401. each.
Deposit 51. per Share.
DIRECTORS.

The Right Hon. Sir R. Wilmot Horton, Bart., Chairman.
The Right Hon. Thomas P. Courtenay, Deputy Chairman.
George Fife Angas. Esq. I Sir J. De Courcy Laffan, Bt.
Sir William de Bathe, Bart. ' Geo.AlfredMuskett,Esq.,M.P.
Robert John Runyon, Esq. Sir Francis Shuckburgh, Bart.
Sir Herbert Compton IWilliam Sloane, Esq.
Andrew Tucker Follett, Esq.: jJames Stewart, Esq., M.P.
Colonel Sir William Gossett 'John Shewell, Esq.
Aloses Asher Goldsmid, Esq. -Thomas Teed, Esq.
BANKERS—The Commercial Bank of Londun, 3, Moorgate-

street, Bank.

SOLICITORS—Messrs. Adlington, Gregory, Faulkner, and
Follett.
SECRETARY—WiIIiam Wright, Esq. _ . .

This Company has been formed for the— purpose of supplying
the colonies of Australasia with capital, where a high rate of in-
terest is obtainable, upon undoubted and improvable securities,
and the Directors, from various sources of intelligence. are
confirmed in their opinion, that these transactions may be con-
ducted with all the safety and advantage they originally con-
templated.
It is intended to restrict the operations of the Company in
the first instance to making loans on real securities, by which
means much profitable business may be transacted at a com-
pratively small expense, with little or no risk, and the burden
of large establishments rendered unnecessary ; the transac-
tions of the Company being confined to the lending its own
capital, the personal liability of the Shareholders will be prac-
tically avoided ; and the Deed of Settlement renders it impera-
tive upon the Directors to contract with all parties doing busi-
ness with the Company
to take the capital stock of the Com-
pany as their security, in the same manner as if a charter were
obtained.

As the Directors do not purpose, at present, to undertake the
business of banking, they have made arrangements to facilitate
their pecuniary operations in the colonies with the Union Bank
of Australia and the Bank of South Australia, upon terms
mutually advantageous.
Considerable subscriptions have been already received, and
Shares are reserved for the Colonies; but the Directors will
be ready to receive applications for the remaining unappropri-
ated Shares reserved for this country.
Prospectuses and all necessary information may be obtained
of the Secretary, at the office of the Company.
Deposits of 2/. per Share, to accompany each application,
may be paid in London to the Commercial Bank of London, 3,
Aloorgate-street, Bank ; and to the principal Joint-stock Banks
and their branches throughout the country.

EVANGELICAL
CHURCH ASSOCIATION.
PRESIDENT—Sir CULLING EARDLEY SMITH, Bart.
ADVOCACY OF THE VOLUNTARY PRINCIPLE

PUBLICOLA'S LETTERS.

Will be published on the Ist. of April,
THE LETTERS of PUBLICOLA, from
the WEEKLY DISPATCH.

With Notes and Emendations, by PUBLICOLA.

" The greatest happiness of the greatest number."—Jeremy
Bentham.

"It is more easy to stop the ocean with a bulrush than to
oppose prejudice by reason."—Hume's Essays.
These Letters will appear in Weekly Numbers, price 6d.,
and when completed, will form two handsome Bvo. volumes.
The numbers may be procured, by order, of any bookseller in
the United Kingdom ; and of all newsvendors. As this work
will unquestionably meet with a large circulation, the publisher
requests tradesmen and other persons who require an adver-
tising medium, to avail themselves of this opportunity, as it is
intended to devote a wrapper to that purpose.

Printed and publishedliy John Cunningham, at his publish-
ing-office, 6, Peterborougk-court, Fleet-street, where orders
are received.

CHINA.

We have been favoured by a friend with a long, and
certainly an able letter, which appeared in the Canton
Press of the 12th October last, discussing the tour dif.
ferent plans woich present themselves for operating
against China, and placing our trade with that country
on a permanent basis of security and peace.
The first three modes of the writer (who is obviously a
military man, and writes with a more intimate knowledge
of the subject, and of the people, than we can pretend to)
dismisses as either impracticable, or as tending to involve
considerable risk of failure in the execution, or of en-
gaging us in hostilities with other countries. These
plans are-Ist, An invasion in force by land, either
through Thibet or Chinese Tartary, or by way of Assani ;
a plan obviously impracticable. 2d. By sea, which he
pronounces equally unsafe, for he proves, we think satis-
factorily, that none but an attack on the capital itself,
Pekin, in very great force, would be at all effectual, and
that we have not adequate means for it. 3d. By a block.
ade of the Chinese coast, which he dismisses al.o as
inadequate to produce any effect on the Imperial Govern-
ment, and as chiefly punishing the innocent inhabiratts,
and involving them in utter ruin, while it is likely to be
attended with collision with other nations. 4th. By
limiting our hostile demonstrations to taking possession
of some islands on or near the coast, which he particu-
larises and pronounces " the easiest, the most feasible,
and likely to prove the most effective mode of all." On a
candid perusal of his letter, we think he has established
his case. This plan corresponds with the proposal made
In the London Spectator of 2nd Nov. last, and by Sir
George Robinson, as by far the best ; being cheap, safe,
practicable, and far more likely to prove effectual than any
other, while it does not extend the horrors and losses of
war to an unoffending people, who are themselves the
victims of a cruel and remorseless Government. We think
the whole letter well worthy of attention at the present
moment —Naval and Military Gazette.

In view of all this, it would seem indispensible that
some expedient, hitherto untried, be adopted ; by
which, while consulting economy as much as practi-
cable, yet the means be fostered by which England's
right arm of offence and defence be found ready to
plant a " telling blow," whenever and wherever her
honour and her liberty should require it.
The following plan is, in my humble opinion, what
would answer the end in view :
Let a clause be introduced in the Bill for the regula-
tion of steam navigation, about to be brought before
Parliament, by which it shall be enacted that all steam-
ers hereafter to be built for sea navigation, by private
individuals and companies (and which are intended to
be of such a tonnage as conies within the range of a
scale deemed available for the purposes of war), shah
be so constructed, under the superintendence of a Go-
vernment inspector, as to possess the most indispensible
requisites of a vessel of war, be it as to strength as
well as to every other particular—such as the means of
opening port-holes when required, of placing swivel-guns,
&c., &c. This, of course, shall be done in such a man-
net, as to interfere as little as possible with the mer-
cantile or trading properties of the boat. In short, all
that would be needed, is so to construct the boat
originally, as to embrace those warlike characteristics
which a vessel can only possess in a proper manner when
they are introduced while she is on the stocks. With
this precautio, the rest can be added within a very
short time at ail. of the Royal dock-yards, if ever
emergencies JlloUftMetnand it. These steamers should
be classed in such a way as to admit of a corresponding
supply of guns and other necessaries being always kept
ready at the dockyards, which could be sent on board
at an hour's notice. In order to indemnify the owners
for the extra expense in the construction of the steamers
on this principle, Government should allow them such a
sum as would fairly and economically cover that extra
expense, and in case of the public service requiring these
vessels, Government to Lava the right of buying or hir-
ing them at its option, according to some equitable
scale of valuation, to be predetermined by a clause in
the Bill already alluded to. The solidity and character
which vessels thus built would acquire at the expense of
the public, would certainly form of themselves a good
part of the recompense due to the owners.
The plan I have endeavoured to explain seems to
me peculiarly useful when applied to steamers, but I
think it might with considerable advantage be extended
to sailing vessels of a proper tonnage.
The advantage of the proposed system may become
apparent if we reflect a little upon what would result
from its adoption. For instance, the cost to Govern-
ment of a steam frigue, without her guns and ammuni-
tion, will probably be 50,0001. to 60,000/. Now, sup-
pose for a moment that, in order to carry into effect
the system I recommend, the public would have to give
3,0001. to 4,000/. for each vessel to the owners of such
splendid steamers as the Great Western, the British
Queen, the President, the United States, as well as to
the Companies possessing the large and beautiful
boats trading between London and Hamburg, Rot-
terdam, Amsterdam, and Antwerp, Liverpool and Glas-
gow, Liverpool and the Irish ports, &c., for each of their
best vessels ; the result would be, that for a total
amount equal to the cost of one single steam frigate,
Government and the nation would have available in
cases of war from twelve to fifteen steamers, most of

which, with very few little further expense, and within a
very kw days would be ready to present their broadsides
to England's foes, in as efficient a manner as the greater
portion of Government vessels could possibly do. On
the other hand, and while we remain at peace (and God
grant that it may be for long—very long indeed) the
country would be spared the ruinous outlay not only of
constructing such a number of vessels as my second pro-
position would demand ; but also that which would be
wanted for keeping them in repair. The deterioration
which Government vessels, even when remaining in
dock, would be liable to from the oourse of dine, would
also he avoided, &cause Government would pay for the
merchant steamers according to their actual condition,
when taken into its service. In this manner the State
would convert, at a comparatively trifling expense, a grant
perportion of our mercantile steamers, and even of sailing
ships, into efficient vessels of war. Thus a few years'
hence, whenever Ministers be called upon to give an ac-
count of our naval resources, they may with great truth
include in their enumeration probably not less than 500
steamers, and as many sailing ships, which, although
for the time being, will be engaged in carrying on the
trade of the country yet could be added within a short
period to those constituting the Royal Navv—the ag-
gregate of all presenting such an array of maritime
power as would suffice to cow into fawning meanness
the Russian Bear, and every other brute of the tyrant's
species. While peace continued, these elements, which,
by prosecuting the commerce of the empire to its utmost
possible limits, would be accumulating for us those
riches so indispensable to the efficient carrying on of
hostilities, would, when hostilities became unavoidable,
substitute for the discharge of bills of merchandise, that
of the thunderbolts of Britain's artillery, and thus be
converted into the, very instruments through which the
overwhelming power of a " nation of shopkeepers,"
should be keenly appreciated by England's foes.
It will probably be objected that the foregoing plan
would infringe on time rights of property. I answer
that whatever is indispensible to the vital interests of
the whole empire is in truth calculated to protect pro-
perty, for property is inseparable from ,the fate of the
State. At any rate, as long as the law per-
mitting the impressment of sailors—which de-
stroys every kind of right—exists ; as long
as Corn-
laws continue in force for the benefit of the privileged
few," bringing starvation to the bulk of the people, and
ruin to every kind of mercantile property within the
realm, the objection I have anticipated amounts to mere
cant. Besides, if a private house or a favourite park
should happen to lie in the line of an authorized hail-
' what would follow ? Surely the safety of the
way,
country is of infinitely greater moment than the con-
venience of travelling.
I am aware, Mr. Editor, that my ideas respecting
the plan I suggest, may require remodelling, so as to
fit them to the object in view, but the Lords of the
Admiralty, with their practical knowledge, are perfectly
competent for the task. if you have no objection, I
should, at ail events, like to see
j this communication in-
serted in the columns of your journal, as it may bring
forth the opinions of persons conversant with the sub-
ject, perhaps to time advantage of the public good.
I remain, Mr. Editor, your obedient servant,
Liverpool, March, R), 1840. PATRIOT.

MR. HANCOCK'S STEAM CARRIAGE.—On
Monday a trial of this machine was made on the North-road,
from Finsbury-square to Barnet, for the purpose of ascer-
taining by actual experiment, the ratio of speed, the degree of
safety, and other properties of this new mode of travelling on
turnpike roads. 'f he steam apparatus is placed at the back
of the carriage, which in this instance was a long open ve-
hicle, with seats placed across its length eapable of holding
twenty-two persons, including the conductor and his as-
sistant. The conductor, or steersman, sits in front, and
steers the carriage by a wheel, being similar to those used on
board ships, and the carriage (in sea language) answers the
helm with great accuracy. The conductor has also the power
of turning off, or increasing the steam, so as to lessen or in.•
crease the speed, by means of a long rod, at his command.
At his left is another handle, by which he can give a signal
to his attendant, when he wishes the break to be put on,
which is done without stopping the vehicle. On the pre
sent occasion, the trip from Finsbury-square to Barnet
(12 miles) was made in little more than an hour, including
ten minutes stoppage at the Baldfaced Stag, Finchley. The
return to town was completed in five minutes' less time, with
similar stoppages on the road ; the usual rate of going up hill
was from eight to nine miles per hour ; on the dead level, 14
to 15 miles, and down hill, as much more as the conductor
considered safe, the mean or average being 14 miles per hour
on the whole route. This machine is only intended for those
passengers, and their luggage, who prefer travelling on the
turnpike-roads. There appears to be little or no danger from
any accident happening to the boiler, and the motion is quite
free from jolting, and there is no annoyance from smoke or
ashes. It, however, alarms horses not accustomed to its noise,
and it is requisite to be vigilant on its approach, to keep them
well in hand until it passed. here were many scientific gen-
tlemen present on the occasion.
The word " tee total" originated with a Lanca-
shire working man, who being unused to
.public speaking, and
wishing to pronounce the word " total" in u connex n with
" abstinence from intoxicating liquors hesitated, and pro•
nounced the first letter by itself, and the word after it, ImM/i,.
together t-total. This fact it is well to be acquainted withbecause it sufficiently refutes the vulgar notion that tee has
reference to tie. Tee totallers do not recommend tea in pre-
ference to any other beverage. They say, or every beverage,
the use of which is unconnected with danger, let every one
drink what
with danger, either to yourself, your family,what he pleases : the use of intoxicating liquors is not
nected
your
friends, or your neighbours; the danger is great, it is incalcula-
ble ; not only as regards tuna but eternity. Therefore, to-
tally abstaint—przaa Temperance Herald, 1836.
EXECUTION FOR MURDER.— Two men,
named Thomas Glennon and John Toole, were hanged on
Thursday in front of Mullingar gaol, for the murder of Matthew
Brannagan, on the 3d of November last. They were led i o the
ccumniSsion of the crime by the sanguinary system of Ribboni,rn
but they maintained a dogged silence to the last. They were'
, attended to the scaffold by two priests.

CHEAP POSTAGE.—Among the many other
articles which, until now, no one ever thought of sending
through the post-office, are portraits. There were posted at
Wick the other day two copies of the portrait of J. Traill,
Esq., the sire of which is 15 by 12 inches, rolled on pasts-
board. The whole charge for sending 0112 of these to Ber-
wick, and the ot!ier to Inverness, was Bd. each.— Wick paper.

STEAM SHIPS FOR DEFENCE• MURDER AT ISLINGTON,

TO THE EDI7'OR OF THE SUN. [la inserting this report, which we published in The Sun
Ma. EDITOR,—The anxiety at all times felt by the of yesterday and this morning, we wish to draw the atten-
public at large (apart from the factious discussions on tion of the respected Coroner for Middlesex, and of the
the subject, latterly so often provoked by the Tory , public, to a short statement of facts which concern both
Members of both Houses of Parliament) respecting i him and them. He will see, we think, that so far as it
I goes—that is from where it begins—our report is accurate.
the efficiency of our navy, will, I hope, plead my excuse
for calling your attention to an idea of mine, relative \,,i
.r.bserteher it beeins with the beginning, we know not—for
to the matter, which, should you deem it worthy of
t" awe, that we were not in Court at the commence-
comment, I trust you will amplify with your usual
silent. Why was was this ? That is the point to which we
force in the columns of your valuable paper.
Looking at the nature of the subject, I think the desire to say a few words. First, for our plain story.
following five propositions may be deduced therefrom, We were at the place appointed before the hour—lo—
a view to perspicuity. fixed for holding the inquest. We applied for admission,
Istly. That England's right arm of offence and de- stating our business, and were refused by policeman,
fence is her navy. Universal consent makes this almost
who said the room wasfull. We waited till aMr. NVakley
a truism.
came, and then gave to an Inspector our card, with ad-
2dly. That, since the peace, all civilized nations
have been making such great efforts and progress to- dress, and the name of The Sun, desiring that it should
wards the augmentation of their respective navies, and be given to the Coroner. We waited for full half an
have so much improved the efficiency of their ships hour—no answer. At last some persons talked about
of war, as compared with what had ever been the taking our card., which we thought had long ago been
case before, that, as a matter of consequence, it has be-
handed to the Coroner, and soon after came down with a
come necessary for us, not only to increase our melt in
____mission for us to go up—to the door of the room, when
proportion to the growth of our own colonial do-
the Coroner's man (Mr. Tubbs) with our card in his head,
minions, population, and commerce, but also to such an
extent (if our wonted superiority' is still to be main- doubtfully admitted us, the business having been going on
tinned), as to equal the united increment, in all respects, all the while. And now to the principal point. We found
of all the navies of the world. every spare seat occupied by some seven or eight individuals,
3d17, That, the application of steam power to ships
popularly known as penny-a.liners—there being only one,
s
of war, will cate great changes to take place in uteri- • • -
or at the utmost two gentlemen regularly connected with
time warfare ; and there is every reason to conclude the
use "of armed steamers will henceforth play a promi-
the Press. The public are aware that Mr. Wakley,
nent, and probably a decisive part, in naval engage- for his zealous and scrutinising activity in the
ments," especially within a certain distance from our discharge of his duties as Coroner, has been subjected to
own coasts. Hence the superiority, in this respect, will great annoyance, by a system of ridiculous caricaturing
most likely ensure the dominion of the seas to its in pretended reports of his inquests in some of the Morn-
possessor. ne i g Papers. Considering such vexatious attacks alike
-lady. That, great as the cost of building sailing
ships is, that of the construction and equipment of discreditable and dastardly, we are anxious to suggest to
steam-vessels is enormously greater.
Mr. Wakley a mode by which ho may at once free him.
sthly. From what precedes Great Britain appears to self from the annoyance, and at the same time secure that
be in this dilemma ; she must either consult her dignity just and legitimate freedom for bona file reporting, of the
and safety, and, regardless of all other considerations, benefits of which, we are sure, nobody can be more sen-
adopt the alternative of keeping up, in times of peace,
Bible than himself. We wish to let him know that many
such a navy as my second proposition would point out,
and which must be as large a one, if not larger, than of those persons who attend inquests—often without any
authority, assuming the names of Morning Papers—are
ever we had in times of war, and thus run into an
expense, which, from the use of steamers, must be mere adventurers, hiring nothing of the responsibility and
without precedent ; or, consulting the incalculable evils respectability of a regular connection with any Paper,
resulting from that expense (especially in the face of andtherefore careless how they degrade their own characters
what I fear may be looked upon as a permanently by vulgar lampoons, or disgrace the profession by rascally
decreasing revenue), and, adhering to economy, permit ,
misrepresentations—offences which no person having a re-
our only means of safety, and unique source of national
putation to support, or a regular engagement (to say no-
honour, to languish in an imperfect state of efficiency,
not, perhaps, as compared ;vith the number of ships thing of the feelings of gentlemen), would think of lowering
existing in former times of peace, but as refers to the himself by committing. Now how was it that before the
actual condition of the other navies of the world. Coroner came all the accommodation was occupied by per-

sons having no regular connection with any Paper ? And
how was it that when a gentleman did CJITIC, bearing cre-
dentials as the regular Reporter of a Morning Journal—
(always, we think we may say, accurate in its reports)—
and offering his card—that it was intercepted—never al-
lowed to reach the Coroner—and after long delay decided
on by a subordinate officer with the most haughty and re-
pulsive dignity ? This is a course which necessarily
tends to encourage the adventurers, and to disgust
and repel the honest fair-trader? Let but Mr. Waklcy
take this simple course, and he will at once protect him-
self from impertinent annoyances, and false representa-
tions, confer a benefit on the press, by raising its character,
and on the public, by preserving them from unprincipled
deceptions. Let him (not leaving the matter to subordi-
nates, who do not understand it)—let him, as the Magistrates
have decided he has the power of admitting or excluding
—let him simply require from any person representing him-
self to be a Reporter,allowiny none such to be admitted befia e
the Coroner comes, that he should send up his card, with
name and address, and the name of the Journal for wham,
from whom, and by whose direction, he attends, and,
retaining the cards, any falsehood can be easily detected
and, on the next occasion, the party refused admission.
Thus, Mr. Wakley will be able to find, that when he is
lampooned under the guise of reporting, or misrepresented
with the pretence of truth, he can bring it clearly home to
tee Editor of a Paper, and, on that, be thoroughly justi-
fied in excluding Ile Reporter of that Paper ; for he may
rely on it, unless with the sanction of the Editor, no
regular Reporter will ever so commit himself. We arc
as ardently desirous as he can be, to see the infamous
" stabbing in the dark" system put an end to, without
crippling the efficiency of really honest reporting.]

ANOTHER SLAVER CAPTURED,

(From the Colonial Reformer, a Jan-mica paper of the
Bth of January.)

We learn that a Portuguese schooner, the Louisa,
having 283 slaves on board, was lately captured by her
Majesty's ship Cleoyatra, Captain Lushington, and was
brought into Port Royal on Monday last. We are re-
joiced to find so much activity in this important branch
of the service, amongst our vessels of war.
'Fhe rapid succession of the late seizures of slave ves-
sels will convey some idea of the enormous extent to
which the infernal -traffic has been carried, for it is pro- 1
bable that where one has been captured, ten would es-
cape ; but we may reasonably hope that the frequency of
these seizures, and tie measures which are being taken by
the British Government, will at length put some check
to the horrid traffic. But we think that by far the most
efficacious remedy for the evil would be, by stringing
up by the neck, a few dozens of the depraved mis-
creants who arc found engaging in the trade ; and if a
few of the atrocious villains who disgrace the name of
merchants in the Havanna and St. Jago de Cuba, could
be included in the number of pendants from the yard-
arms of our men of war, it might be attended with the
same measure of success as resulted from a similar pro-
cess whe❑ adopted to put down the nest of pirates that
infested the Gulf of Mexico some 12 or 14 years ago.
We regret to learn that the small pox has broken out
amongst the poor creatures on board the Louisa, who
have been just snatched from the jaws of slavery, and it
is supposed that they will be taken round to Navy
Island, and there landed to undergo quarantine in the
same way that was done with the last infected cargo.
We learn that a proposition is being submitted to the
Governor for having them located on one of the Keys in
the neighbourhood of Port-royal. If a suitable place
can be found for such purpose, it certainly would be far
preferable.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

TATTERSALL'S-YESTERDAY.

The Derby horses most in request yesterday were Confede-
rate, the Angelica colt, Launcelot, Warden, and lioldiara.
The first of this lot stood in a doubtful po,ition during the
greater part of the afternoon, many parties, as late as six o'clock,
having imagined that the gray, who had a considerable number
of friends in the room, had the call ; the Confederate, how-
ever, Caine out at the last moment, and gave him precedence
by closing with offers of 12} to 1. Theon stuck at 14 to 1,
which was taken to a small amount, and afterwards offered.
Gambia opened at 18 to 1, and was backed at 6 to 5 against
Launcelot. Shortly after thg same odds were laid on the lat-
ter, and 20 to 1 taken about him to a large amount ; the bet-
ters having shut up at this figure, IS to 1 was taken to 501. a
few minutes before the room was closed. Warden was in gene-
ral demand, first at 25 to 1, taken eagerly, and finally at 22 to
I ; this must also be received as the highest odds offered against
13okhara. Black Bess was as little in favour as Gambia, the
biddings against her having advanced from 25 to 30 to I. Ja-
nus was brought into more prominent notice; 50 to 1 was
taken three or four times, and in one instance 40 to 1 ; a few
few scores and tens were also laid out on Muley Ishmael at an
improved price. Nothing fresh on the Oaks or 2,000 Guinea
Stakes. beyond an offer to take 3to 1 in hundreds about the
Angelica colt for the latter.
Closing prices :

TWO THOUSAND GUINEA STAKES.
5 to 2 agst Angelica colt—take 3 to 1
6 to 1 agst Warden—taken
45 to 10 agst Angelica colt winning this and the Column
Stakes—taken.

THE DERBY.
12 to I agst Confederate—taken
13 to 1 agst Angelica colt—taken
14 to 1 agst Theon
18 to 1 agst Launcelot—taken
20 to 1 agst Gambia
22 to I agst Warden—taken
22 to 1 agst Bokhara
28 to 1 agst Monops--taken
28 to 1 agst t )ttoman—takcn and afterwards offered
30 to 1 agst Black Bess—ditto
40 bo 1 agst Janus—ditto
40 to 1 agst Assassin
50 to 1 agst 31uley lshmael—taken
50 to 1 agst Grey Alilten
1000 to 15 agst tiongrster (3lelody colt)
1000 to 10 agst Refresher—taken
1000 to 10 agst Fitzroy—(looo to 5 laid once)
1000 to 5 agst Crezy Boy—taken
500 even between Bokhara and Warden—taken
500 even between Bokhara and Gambia—taken
1000 even betwcin Diplomatist and Prince Albert—taken
600 to 500 (bet 3 times) on Diplomatist ag INluley Ishmael
1000 even between itlonops and Wardan—taken
500 even on Theen agst John Day's lot—taken
TDB OAKS.
4 to I agst Crueifia—taken
8 to 1 agst Black Bess
9 to 1 agst Lalla Rookh—taken
20 to 1 agst Welfare
20 to 1 agst Teleta

Thursday will be the birthday of Prince George
of Cambridge, when he comes of age. In the evening her
Royal Highness the Duchess of Cambridge, Princess Augusta,
and a large party of fashionables, intend honouring the Hay-
market Theatre with their presence, to see (by special desire)
Mr. Power in the farce of Ills Last Legs.

PRICE sd.

FINE ARTS.

LITHOGRAPHIC VIEWS OF MILITARY
OPERATIONS IN CANADA.
Flint, London, 1840.

These views, which are coloured lithographs, furnish
us with a very good idea of the military operations which
r.•ere carried on during the late Canadian insurrection,
under bi 3 Excellency, Sir John Colborne. They arc
seven in number, and are all from sketches taken on the
spot by Lord Charles Beauclerk. Among them Is a re-
presentation of Colonel \Vethcrall's Btvouack at St.
Hilaire de Rouvitle, which is full of striking picturesque
effects. In the foreground we see groupes of soldiers
lying in the cold opal air, round their blazing watch-
fires, some smoking, others casting huge logs on the
flames, and others disposing themselves for a few hours'
hurried repose, while all seem endeavouring to make
themselves as comfortable as circumstances will permit.
Their muskets are piled up in a triangular form beside
them, so that they may be ready for action at the first
summons, and they all wear the aspect of veterans
inured to camps and the privations attendant on
war. In the back-ground appears a village towards
which troops arc marching, accompanied. by their am-
munition and waggon trains; and on either side this
village is a dark grove of firs. The scene is a truly im-
pressive one, and has a bleak wintry look about it that
makes one draw instinctively closer to one's social fire-
side. The remaining plates are executed with equal
force and truth of effect ; and the historical and des-
criptive notes which accompany them are just sufficiently
minute to interest, without burdening the reader's at.'
tention. In detailing the particulars of the capture of
the Church of St. Eustache, which was taken after a
sharp struggle, from the Canadian insurgents, the author
introduces this striking sketch ;
" In the centre of the church a large fire blazed, where
groupes of soldiers were regaling themselves ; along the
gloomy aisles a single candle cast its dim light ; by the
altar lay stretched the dead bodies of soldiers; in the
estry-room the prisoners were lodged, most of whom,
assumed a kneeling posture, engaged apparently in solemn
and silent prayer. The following day the dead of our
own party, as well as those of the insurgents, were buried;
and while preparing fur the ;nterment, a most repulsive
sight presented itself—a drove of pigs devouring the dead
bodies ! A scene so painful, that to prevent its continu-
ance, the voracious animals were immediately shot by a
party of soldiers ordered out on purpose."

CONSISTORIAL COURT, NOR-

WICH.

On Friday last this Court held a sitting, when Mr. Bar-
ker put in an allegation in the case promoted against him
by the Churchwardens of St. Andrew's, Norwich.
The case of the Bungay St. Mary Church-rates was
then called 011, and the defendant, Mr. Charles Childs,
stated that be should postpone putting in his answer till
the next Court, as he had an application to make for
which he was not aware that he could adduce any prece-
udent, but which he trusted the circumstances of the case
would be found to justify. He had to beg that the Judge
would himself forthwith minutely examine the c,riginal rate
which was deposited in the registry, and record, for his own
use hereafter, whatever might upon the face of it appear
to him remarkable.

The Judge, CHARLES EVANS, Esq., replied by pointing
out the regular course in which the facts would hereafter
come before the Court, stating, that although the suit
might be expedited to accomplish this as early as possible,
he did not think in the present stage he could have any
cognizance of the facts to be alleged.
Mr. C. Childs said that ha was aware of the usual
course pursued, but his application was founded on a point
of a peculiar nature. He should be compelled hereafter
to produce evidence of facts which might be highly incul-
patory of individuals, and he was therefore desirous at
present, and until the evidence was complete, to express
himself so as to throw out no imputation. He would
only say, that a present examination of the Late would fur-
nish to the Judek a part of the evidence by which the facts
in question would be established ; but it was needful to
make such examination at once, because this part of the
evidence was less distinct than at the last Court; and
although very clear at present, was every week becoming
fainter and more faint.

After a short consideration, the Judge said he under-
stood the purport of Mr. Childs' application, and would
certainly accede to it, and he appointed Mr. Childs and
the adverse Proctor to attend him during his examination
of the rate. Immediately after the Court rose. The next
Court will be April 13.
We understand that the application had reference to
certain interpolations in the rate. If the imputation should
turn out to be correct, those engaged in it will wish they
had had nothing to do with it.
