CHALLENGES.

In the course of the proceedings, Byrne Laid he was pre-
pared to make a match with any man in the world for 3001.
" There he was to be seen ; and, take him as he was, he
did not care whom he fought, but he would not reduce his
weight."
MonGAN, formerly called " Josh Hudson's black," and
who was on board the Cor4 .791y,4 Bast Indiaman when
she was wrecked ()lithe Isle of Wight, immediately mounted
the stage, and said he would be moat happy to fight Mr.
Byrne ; and:added, that he was sure his friends would back
him for 2001. Byrne said he was ready to make the match
whenever it suited Morgan's convenience.
YOUNG DUTCH SAm was ready to give a stone to any
man in the country, and make a match for noi. a-side;
and if Byrne would reduce himself to I,4st, 411a5., he would
fight him for the same sum.
HA nal go,A, waa really to match a nine stone man against
any ti-4ng" living, and give half a stone, for any sum, from
2001. to 600/. It was understood he meant Dick Curtis,
who has but just recovered from a fit of the gout, and who
was in Court wearing list boots, and looking ;,ny thing
but fit for fighting.
ALICE REID repeated 1i a. chaiknge to Preston, of Bir-
mingham, for Ip):: aside, to fight half way between Bir-
inii:giiarn 'and London, provided he would not exceed eleven
stone—or, if he would fight him within 30 milts of Lon-
don, he might weigh as heavy as Big Brown,
There is not at present a sin le z-rati;c4 made in the
milling circles, but " ei -war" are afloat.
Brun McmgAN...--A meeting took place between
thew man 14st night, at the Castle Tavern, Holborn, when
Morgan's " needful" not being forthcoming, it was mutu-
ally agreed that they should again meet to-root:Foy eve-
ning, at the same house, to " post the. r,onei ;" with
which Morgan said, he I:upetllK, sii,4l4ld.be fully prepared.

A REEF NEAR REVAL STONE.—Extract
of a letter from the agent to Lloyd's at Reval, dated \lune'
27 :—" The Admiral of the Fort has incu;;,,,,ed me that a
new reef has been disc )vere, a verst to the eastward
of the Reval '416 reef is four fathoms in length,
iwo.ana a half broad, and only nine feet below water."

Le Chevalier PAUL Almost, f,i.;:retary
to the depot of the Portuguese ref:;i:;;;e4 at this port, has
left Plymouth for L0u;;7.., and we understand that the
greit ma,ority of the remaining Portuguese, of whom there
r.re about 80, will shortly embark for France, when the
depot will be finally dispersed,--Plymouth Jam/ nv.:,

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

All accounts now conspire in affirming that

the late successes of the Russians have been con-

siderable. It is an old proverb that speaks of
the uncertainty of war ; and it is impossible for
us, at this distance from the scene and subject of
our remarks, to explain why tl►e campaign of tl►e
Russians was so indecisive last year, as to leave

the preponderance doubtful between the con-
tending armies, and why the invaders have been
so successful at the commencement or the pre-

sent campaign, as to leave the invaded their best
hope in the moderation of their enemies. At
least we are now certain that the Russians hold

this out as the best hope to the Turks, whether
the latter be pleased to accept it as such or not.
A negotiation we have no doubt has been opened
or offered. The consideration of the war be-

tween Russia and Turkey is of a mixed character.
Had the Russians been repelled, the pretensions
of the Porte with respect to Greece would have
been unbounded ; and we, with our allies, must

either have been content to see the Greeks fall

into their ancient slavery, or must have resolved
to maintain their cause by force of arms. Now
Russia has, to a degree, succeeded, if she be
willing to abridge her own claims, she may in a
proportionate degree stipulate, not for any ro-
mantic scheme, any beautiful theory of a free
government for the Greeks, but for some national
and solid advantages to the people of that once
illustrious, but now fallen race. And this is all.
_ _

for which France and Great Britain ever pledged

;hemselves. Nations must not. fight to realize
;he dreams of half-educated school-boys.— Times.

A speech made by General Sebastiani in the
Chamber, suggested to us a hint in yesterday's
Times, upon the indiscretion manifested by cer-
tain individuals of a defeated and ruined French'

party, whenever they found, or could force, an
opportunity of making allusion to Great Britain.
We had not, until after our paragraph was writ-

. .
;en, any discourse before us of the same objec-
tionable character with that of General Sebastiani.

But one delivered by another Buonapartist orator
—namely, General Lamarque—was subsequently
made known to us, and published in our last
number. We are at some loss to know
how or where these men learned to be orators.
While that selfish tyrant lived, whom they served,
one and all, with dastardly servility, but whom
England grappled with, and finally destroyed,
not one of them, from right to left,—not an in-
dividual moustache among them,—durst articu-
late or move, but as a puppet, worked by the
showman's wires. Why, if the Corsican but
bent an eye upon one of them, they would skulk
and run, as they did invariably when an Eng-
' lish bayonet was wielded by an English arm too
near them. This General Lamarque ought, in
common gratitude, to worship the very name of
England for restoring to him the liberty of
speech. Why should he pule over the dis-
graceful
fall of Buonaparte, unless be longs for
the occasion of being again enrolled among the
slaves of an ambitious and restless despot, with
whom human lives were but counters to mark
the progress of his bloody game, lawsbut as bul-
rushes before the tempest of his humour,
.and
nations the victims of that sordid and devouring

appetite which he gulled his own unhappy sub-
jWe should think that France had been pretty
ects by representing as the" glory of France . A
well satiated with such glory as that upon which
she was fed for a dozen years by Buonaparte,
and which it is the aim of General Lamarque, if
his discourse has any serious object, once more
to inflict upon his country. The plain con-
struction of this man's language is, that he
burns for another war with Great Britain,—
that he anticipates from a naval contest the
destruction of her fleet, and from a descent
upon her shores, an absolute conquest of tlw.,
country. General Lamarque, amidst
other learning, must have learned to forget
a great deal. Ho cannot have read of the many
wars which have heretofore been carried on be-
tween France and England, since he draws con-
clusions from the recurrence of hostilities, which
could only be justified by speculating on t.l-.,e
experiment as a new one, or by reasomni!, some-
what oddly upon those which have been made
already. We will not use the name of France
in a manner to belie our own feelings, which
are those of respect for her pcmer when well em-
ployed, and of sincere admiration for her talents,
accomplishments, h courage, and her virtues.
But we may be permitted to ask, with regard
to certain riders in France, who had been look
ed upon in their day as men of some capacity
and prowess, what impression have they ever
made upon the naval or military power of Eng-
land, by the exercise of force for her overthrow.
Did Louis XIV. succeed in humbling Eng-
land ? Did a greater thaA Louis
Buonapaite, however violent, even to 0-,,renzy,
his attacks upon her,—gain a
during his 10 years of trial, n of which saw
gle victory,
him directing with do restraint but his own plea-
sure the whole militpLy
and marine resources of
that great cnntry,
of which the moral re-
sources
were paralyzed by him or extinguished,
Buonaparte, we say, gain a single victory—
nay, the most paltry advantage over Great Britain,
by sea or land, during all these years of conflict,
hand to hand, when he had reduced the whole
civilized world, but England, to be mute specta-
tors of the struggle ? This one truth is enough,
not only to illustrate the past, but to warn and
enlighten most reasoning men for the future.—
We say nothing of France, but we affirm of
Buonaparte,, with the ingenious and talkative
General Lamarque to help him, that neither he
nor his Generals, nor hia Admirals, nor his
soldiers, nor his sailors,, ever fought with thu-sa
of England, but to he signally and completely
beaten ! What, th?n, would M. Larnarqu© have ?
Does he want to be again thrashed soundly ?
We trust he will not prevail on vristr heads than
his own, to provoke anotlttr contest between
two brave nations, who have no interest—posi,
tively none—not the slightest—in being on any
terms but tb...se of the most cordial friendship.—
So it was " terror" thatinductd England to build
• maitello castles on her shores t And what leads
any power to raise faaresses for her protection?
What made nuonaparte cover every rock
and inlet d 1,500 miles of Freah sea-
coast with batteries ? That, to be sure, was not
from dread of British seamen !. Again, we are
told, or it is shrewdly implied, that steam sea.-
. manship may be so, much more easily acquired
by French than by English mariners, as to afford
a fair pospect of destroying by that means the
maritime superiority of England ! Has, any
cool observer, who reads this journal, ever had
the opportim4y of comparing a French steam-
, boat---even a Calais or Boulogne packet—with
an English one ?—and if so, we shall just quietly
ask him, with which wssel, navigated by natives
of her own country, he would like better to trust
himself in a gale of wind ? Yet of these very
steamers, it appears upon the showing of a
French Minister of Marine, England has be-

tween 300 and 400,--about forty times as many
as France, which can muster no more than nine
altogether in her service. England has coal and
iron, and maritime instincts, and usages, and ap-
titudes, in the proportion of 1,000 to 1 as com-
pared with France. What, then, can be ration-
ally looked for but annihilation to the French
steam as well as to her ordinary shipping ?
" Steam, again," say this profound Buonapartist.
" is to ruin us by putting an end to naval tactics."
Naval battles will become what they were in
the time of the Romans," when breaking the
line, &c. &c. will be unknown ; " and intrepidity
(God save the mark), physical force, and-num-
bers, will give the victory." Now, if the Buona-
partist could for one moment have so far re-
pressed his mortification and rancour at the re-
membrance of his master's overthrow by Eng-
land, as to keep the use of his other faculties
ever so little, he must have seen that the whole
aim and object of the English marine tactics, as
introduced by Rodney, and employed without
exception ever since, have been to reduce a sea-
fight as nearly as possible to a Roman battle.
Why, breaking the line is nothing else than a
charge of bayonets on the ocean. It brings the
enemy into close action, where every shot tells—
where alone boarding can be had recourse to—
where " intrepidity," and personal prowess, and
genuine manhood, are the means employed ; and
where, we believe, without the help of steam,
the Bonapartists have ere now had a bellyful of
the " Roman" way of felting furnished to them
by English tars. We are sure there is not a
high-minded Frenchman—and there are myriads
of high-minded Frenchmen—who knows the
difference between bullying and true courage,
that would not join us in exclaiming, " Bah 7.
Bah !" to M. Lamarque, and his mean depreca-
tion of this country.—lbid.
A Meeting was held yesterday at the Free-
masons' Tavern, for the purpose of considering
the means of putting an end to the existence of
Slavery in the British Colonies. There are un-
questionably great difficulties in the way of any
plan for converting the West Indian Slaves into
free labourers. If it were to be declared that the
children of the Slaves should, after a certain time,
be free, there would be no motive for rearing
children, from whose labour no advantage might
be reaped. The natural termination of Slavery
is the complete occupation of the soil of a
country, and such a density of Population as
induces those who have no property in the soil,
to offer their labour in exchange for the means
of subsistence. No plan of emancipation that
can be proposed will be palatable to the
Planters, because we are satisfied that they
would, in the present scantiness of the popu-
lation, look upon the termination of Slavery as
their own ruin. The Rev. Mr. Isaacson,
Rector of a Parish in the West Indies, a
strenuous advocate of slavery (for religion, it
would seem, is always in harmony with the notions
prevalent in any place), contended that " free
negroes would never work for more than would
barely support their absolute existence." Will
Whites, on an equality in point of civilization
with the Negroes, work for more than a sub-
sistence ? Before a man will consent to work,
be must be satisfied that he shall procure some-
thing by his labour that he deems an equivalent
for the sacrifice of toil he makes. The greater
the number of wants a man has, the readier he
will be to exert himself after he has obtained
what will support existence. The Negro is
generally very low with respect to wants ; land
is in most of our Colonies abundant, and while
even Negroes suffer greatly from exposure for
}loM's to the rays of a tropical sun, a few hours'
labour in the week will easily procure for him
sufficient to support existence. Colonel Jones
observed, that " lie had been at New Orleans,
Virginia, and South Carolina, where he believed
that it was quite as hot as anywhere in the West
Indies, with perhaps, the exception of Demerara
and Dominica. In these places he had witnessed
the progress of free labour, and he believed the
fact to be, that whatever difference there might be,
did not arise from climate, but from moral influ-
enC°; But that moral influence cannot be obtained
in the II est Indies for a long time to come.
Were there a dense population in the West In-
dies, there would of course be numerous grada-
tions from the landowner down to the labourer ;
and the constant spectacle of the superior gra-
dations indulging in their various luxuries and
enjoyments would serve to stimulate the inferior
to endeavour at participation. But the great evil
of the West Indian system seems to be this—
that it precludes the hope of anatural termination
to slavery from population. in Field labour, espe-
cially in sugar plantations, some way or other
prematurely destroys the labourer ; and exactly
in the ratio of the prosperity of the colony, seems
to be the impossibility of its increasing in num-
bers. The negroes, who are sufficiently prolific
in Africa tt; bear constant drains of all sorts,
and wars of a destructive kind, do not increase
and multiply in the C:ch colonies of the West
Indies. Barbadoes is aln?.%t the only colony
where there is a large population n.ClTlnatural in-
crease ; but Barbadoes is a poor colony, 0.0 the
slave is rather like a domestic labourer than a
plantation negro. Slavery, therefore, perpetuates
itself in the thriving colonies, without allowing
us even the glimpse of a better future. In a re-
cent publication, " A Journey through Norway,
Lapland, and part of Sweden, by the Rev. Robt.
Everest, A.M., F.G.S. late of University College,
Oxford," the writer observes, " It is delightful
to see the degree of practical liberty enjoyed by
the peasantry in this thinly peopled country.
Each has his own little property, on which he
can subsist, and those who want his assistance
must solicit and court him. He is a man of
consideration. It is at first very irritating to a
stranger, who has not been used to it, to find a
great difficulty in getting any work done for
him ; but a little reflection convinces us that
this is as it should be. It is a proper rebuke
to the love of domineering, from which human
nature is never exempt. May we not from this
find a cause for the deterioration of morals in a
country that is over peopled ? There the work-
man virtually becomes a slave. He must sub-
mit to the caprices and insolence of his master,
or at most has the option of changing one petty
tyrant for another. Degraded, like all other
slaves, and having no respectability to lose, he
flies without restraint to vicious and brutal in-
dulgence wherever he can get it. Treat him as
a creature worthy of respect and esteem, and his
own just pride becomes concerned that lie does
not forfeit what is dearer to every one than
life and property, the good opinion of his
fellow-citizens." The Norwegian, like the North
American, is a man of consideration, because
the population is scanty, he can subsist inde-
pendently, and those who wish his assistance
must solicit and court him. In every country
where unoccupied land is abundant, the labourer
can make his terms. He is a man of considera-
tion. The negro in the West Indies would be
a man of consideration, were he left to his na-
