e Knitted to cruise against the Ld..sla'a and Di di,s;a:t
zttid those of other eovilers who had not retugsii.red him by
•sending presents and Consuls, I considered it my &by to re-
pair to Tangiers,- and to carry thither the lcttevand tbepre-
'scats you bail Ireinsmitteil to me for thaegovereign. •
,4 Unfortunately, Pens .so long delayed by contrary Winds
and currents, that when I arrived here on the dtli,•the Ens-
,peror had left ton the day before in great baste for Tafilet,
'where there was a revolt. I tlilivered to the Governor or
Tangiers,'wha is very Powdrfill and "in great credit, the pre-
vent deititted-for the Caid-Slani, and your letter and the.pre-:
'seats for Einperoi,, accompanied by a letter from myself,
4n whieh I stated that I should await his directions on my re-
turning to Europe to receive the orders tf the King try mat-
'ter, Until I shall heable to give-yon more toMplete
the following is an .11.coutrt of the observations I made,
-on the accuracy of which you may
" The Emperor of Moreweo wishes to have no war with any
:I;nropearyPower : on the contrary, Le dreads them esti ed-
ingly: and the secret object 'of his precipitate: Journey to.,
Tangiers was to ascertain whether the projects of England,
rend those of the Associatienorer which you preside, tended
-tocornprehend him as oue Of the Barbary Powers in the alai-
' wailverqun excited agaiiisi Algiers by the conduct of that
Regency. : The English Consul, to whom he explained him-
self, answered in the negative; betause he had been paciiic
and moderate, nerd did not imitate the tobtiutt of the fero-
cious Algerine Turks. also came here to receive the pry-
. suits of the Consuls fur the Ramadan, for be is very fond of
these gifts. There is, however, no truth in Vs :having projects

etzeinst Cetta orNpain,. thisugh he is very lunch dissatisfit si at
•:the extensive ttouggling carri.ed on by the Spaniards on the
coast of Rif to:the east of Tetuan; to prevent which, it is said,
lie has fitted out his two frigates, one of winch is anchored
here, and the tither at Tetuan. Ilad I seen him, or had any
one e4e had the courage to tell him a useful truth, it would
have been phoper to have shown him, that this was not the
time, when the Algerines are committing horrible piracies
(sonic details of which I shall give you by the first Courier),
for seits!hog out armed vessels.
" Muley Soliman is a fanatical 'hinssulman; he will never
co-operate rin your enterpriiie; but his natural timidity and
pacific character will make•him observe an apparent neutra-
lity. • He would like to see thei Algerines destroyed, but rot
by the arms of Christians, /shorn he abhors, but fears. lie
wilt even secretly assist the Algerinto, if he be not watched,
and if a bold and vigilant agent do not prevent him. lam in-
Armed (afid I shall acquaint you with certainty by the next
courier whether the information be true) that t he Jews of Salo;
have purchased saltpetre for Algiers, and that he not only Ru-
tin:o4es its exportation, but receipts it front the ditties. lie is
the triort:-0 enemy of every hind of trade with Europeans. Ile
allows none of his subjects, whether Mussnimen or .Jews, to go
beyond seas, and prohibits exportations, particularly of corn.
At present he has a legitimate-pretext for this prohibition, the
• locusts having destroyed the last harvest and laid waste the
country. The only articles he-permits to go abroad are gums
and wax; nothing else, not'even dates arid oranges, can be
exported. Cattle can only lad" sent to Gibraltar, and that
limited precisely to the number S!ipulated in the Treaty with
Xngland. Ile has told all the Consuls that the haepiest slay
of. his life would he that in which his custom duties did not
pt educe a trianyeit (the stateliest piece of money): that he
;w3ats nothing from any turopean power, and wishes that
pone of them may wantany thing from him. At the Kyrie time
he lays, there is nothing he so vouch desires as to see Consuls
fromo all the. European Pow: s here; and that as soon as those
svehr*at.at peace with him send Consills, he make
Tien4elie hes declared that he will make no eatv.f. If those
taken on board a Prussian Teasel have been purchased by the
Swedish Consul (this is the only case), I shall afterwards ex-
plain to you how that has happened, and those how that cir-
cumstance 4frords a conclusion in favour of the systeet

lowed by Nltzley Sulbnan, rather than dground of reerizina,
tion ag:lnst him.

V. S. Our projects; my dear Admiral, have trrade M►>ler
co man tremble, and I Am sure your letter will give hitu the
jp eaters!, pleasure. What eauccnt suck a name as ours du ?

lan, persuided that the vf,ry,suspielon 'of the caistence
11101 prejects will tend greatly to put an end to the slavery o
the whites.

PhrERS.—(RECEII'ED Tills ikIORNING.)

PARTS, OCT. s.—The Marquis Messey,
Grand Prevost, at the bead of- a detachment of
Gendarmerie, arrested the day before yesterday,
at Vangirauti anti in Paris, eight or ten persons
*reused of seditious projects. Amongst them was
an Ex-Lieutenant, named Martin, a baker, &e.
The trial of the Ahhi Fleury is deferred till

Friday.
Several French FAiles, who fled to Brussels,
have goiie thence to Antwerp, to embark for the
Volta) States,

PETERSUURGH SEPT. 7.--The weather continues
extraordinarily warm and fine. Very little rain
fulls.

COPENHAGEN, SEPT. 31.—A ship that sailed
hence for Ilamburgh with a cargo of 360 tons of
sugar, and was insured for 20,000 crowns specie
has been lost, with all the crew anti cargo.
MADRID, SUPT. 24.—Although the Queen had
r..solved to go from Seville on the 14th, yet
yielding to the solicitations of the Municipality
and other Corporations of the City, her Majesty
remained there that day and the following, and
.was present at a religions ceremony which was
plebrate4 in the Cathedral: The Queen passed
Ike 18th and Igth at Cordova. On the former
clay she visited the Cathedral, and examined with
great attention the most remarkable objects of
this celebrated church. They are expected at
Araninet on the 26th, where the King will meet
inguit wife. Ais expected he will return im-
mediately after, The Queen will make her so-
' Istmo entry into this city on the 27th.
The following Order bas been transmitted by
'he 74,Irilister of Marine to the Council, who have
pobli,lied it, dated the 17th of this month
" His Majesty having been informed that two
PTCHC1)11101, named ritr:re .F of -and Frederic
