FROM THE FRANKFORT PAPERS.

PETERSDURGH, SEPT. 23.—The fete of his
Majesty the Emperor was celebrated with great
splendour, at Moscow, on the 10th of this month.
His Majesty attended Mass in the Cathedral of
Ospensk, reviewed the troops, and after a stay
of six days proceeded on his journey to Orell.
The hurricane at Riga, on the oth of this
month, destroyed the bridge over the Duna, and
did great damage to the shipping in the harbour.

COPENHAGEN, OCT. 4.—iiis Majesty has sign-
ed a decree, dated Aug. 16, permitting the irn-
portation of foreign raw sugar into the Kingdom
of Denmark, for consumption, from other parts of
Europe. The duty on brown augur is two rix-
dol tars thirty-three schillings in silver for 1001bs.;
and on white, three rix-dollars sixty-two schil-
Hags for 1001bs.

The Naiad corvette, Capt. Uldall, which ar-
rived here on the 21st ult. from its station in
the West Indies, had on board Lieutenant-
Colonel Von Scholton, Director of the Customs.
—He brought the agreeable news that good
crops may be expected this season, after they
have failed for seven successive years. On
the other hand, some uneasiness was felt last the
reports of emancipation disseminated from Eng-
land should cause disturbances among the negroes,
who are well treated by us.
A Chart of the whole South Coast of Ireland
has just been published officially.
FRANKFORT, SEPT. 10.--Letters from Odessa
of the 22t1 Sept., say they have there accounts
from Constantinople of the 16th,accordittg to which
people were very impatient to see whether the
Porte would actually realise the concessions made
in the conference of the 30th of August,by the Reis
Effendi to Lord Stranford. In general, however,
it was believed that the Divan will perform what
the Reis Effendi has promised ; the entrance of the
two Emperors having excited a considerable sensa-
tion in Constantinople; and we are convinced that
those concessions will suffice to restore the diplo-
matic
relations between the Porte and Russia.
The Government continues to spread reports, as
usual, of dissensions among the Creeks. Mean-
time the same barbarous warfare continues,
and in Rhodes the most dreadful cruelties
have been practised by the troops of Hassan
Pacha, who rebelled against hint. Above 3,000
defenceless Christians w ere dragged into slavery.

Dumtentals..—TitE IVraTititn.—Up to yesterday the we:t-
ier in this quarter was again as had as bad could be .t raining
,ore or less every night and daY, with no interval sufficient to al.
!ow the farmer to carry home a single stook. On Friday even-
ng we had several vivid flashes orlightning, folloWed by hail no
wavy that. the ground in some places was covered to the,depth
of half an inch. The consequence of all this has been great
anxiety on the
,pert of the husbandman, and additional expenee
in the ingathering of the crops. One farmer iu this neighbour.
hood says, that the vicissitudes of the weather will cost him
ten pounds extra to his workers this season, while the frequent
handling of the crops, and particularly potatix: oats will, in
some places, leave as much grain in the fields as would almost
be sufficient to sow them. Around this town almost all the
grain is carried excepting oats; butup the country there is not
only touch to lead, but a good deal to cut. In speaking of
the weather, our Kirkcudbright correspondent gays, " agreat
ro
pportion of the crop in this neighbourhood remains in the
field, and another week of such weather as the past will injure it
inaterially--nay, I may almost say, destroy it altogether." Yes-
terday, however, and last night, were quite dry ; and as this
morning looks promising, we should imagine there will be a
good deal of leading in the afternoon. A few more days of
good weather will do much to silence all coMplaints on the
subject of the harvest. In Dumfries, and most of the towns in
Callaway, the plus of grain are merely nominal at present.—
(Dumfries Courier.)
Thursday last was the Third Day of Drawing
of the State Lottery, when 18,564 was the first
of the Three 820,000 Prizes, arid the only one
7et drawn and was sold in Shares by Bum,
)lie Quarter, was sold to a Gentleman in Hurt.
'ordshire, near Dunstable ; One Quarter was
t to Bristol; Otte Eighth to Bath ; One Eighth
...hester ; the remainder in
L111110°,n0.00,13:rte yeth tits
other 1'20,000 Prizes and the
in the Wheel besides several of X9,000,k1,000,
1?500, &c. &c. Warranted undrawn Tickets
and Shares are selling by BISII, 4, Cornhill, and
9, Charing Cross. Friday 31st inst. is the next
Drawing day.

sent
to

ST. LUKE.—Holiday at the Exchequer, Bank, East India,
South Sea Houses.

PRICE or FOREIGN STOCKS ix LONDON, Oct. 18.

French

Russia&

Neapolitan
Austrian

Spanish

Prussian
Danish

Chili

Colombian
I'eruirian
l'ortugueie
Poyaia

Arairlaut

AT ONE O'CLOCK.
5 Five per Cents. 90 73 Ex. 25 75.
( Scrip,
1 Six per Cents. 00.
Five per Cents. (Metallic) 00.
Ditto. New 8-411 i.
Five per Cent. Bonds, 77k.
Five per Cents. (Metallic) 00.
{Five per Cent. Bonds, 1820,
Ditto
.1821,!30129
Ditto 1823, 24} Aiiii
5
Fire per Cent. Bonds, 88i 61.
1 Ditto New, 80Ii.
Fire per Cent. Bonds, 91ii.
70 139 i/.
Six per Cent. Bonds, 5G 57k
New Loan, 00.
00Scrip, i pm. ;ii
{Bank Shares £OO Os.
Seven per Cent. 000.
Six per Cent. 00-000. •
Five per Cent. 00-000.
Three per Cent. 00 00.

HIGH WATER At.
Morning, 17 minus

,T LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW
tter after 1. !Evening, d 2 mirtutoa attar 1.

THE SUN.

'OLIN QUIZ &MERE F.4LSUII AUDEAT .1?

LONDON,
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 18, 18:13.

ARRIVAL OF CAPTAIN PARRY.

Captain PARRY arrived at the Admiralty this

morning, having left the ships at Whitby, a

well—having lost only three men by disease, and

one killed by accident.

We understand that he has completely deter,

mined the North East Cape of America, which

be doubled, and proceeded about two degrees

westward in a Strait, which unfortunately be

came so narrow, and so choaked with Islands,

as to block up the passage with permanent ice,

and to render it utterly impossible for the ships

,o proceed, though the Polar Sea was only a

very short distance froth them. The situation ol

the Cape is about 69f deg. N. They met with
a great number of very intelligent Esquimaux,

from whom they procured Geographical Sketches
of this part of America, which were afterwards

verified by the ships and boats. The geo

graphy, therefore, of Ws long-sought-for pass

rage, though impracticable for navigation round

he North-east point of Ascension, may now he

considered as satisfactorily ascertained. IVa

ook with anxiety for the authentic accoun

of the voyage, which we doubt pot will be not

less interesting than that of FRANKLIN.

[most x.r4oyn's.]
WHITBY, Om M.—Arrived his Majesty's
ships theta and Fur,y.
Ilatipast Eleven 4.3l.—Captain PARRY has
just landed. No particulars as yet.
