POLICE.

:--,Yesterday John ehtrp.;.
tin. Was charged; before Alderman Thomas Smith;
with the wilful murder of his Wife. No person saw
him commit the murder; but he had himself com•
nitinicated this horrid transaction to the landlord
of the Eagle and, Child public.;house, Shoe-lane;
who immediately went and saw the poor woman
with her throat Out; and quite dead. The de,.
ceased had kept a mangle in a court in Shoe-lane,
and the prisoner was relieved from confinement
only last Tuesday; at the intrcaty of his unfortu-
nate wife, whom he had often used very ill. The
Alderman, hearing a Coroner's Jury was to sit
upon the body, declined-entering into the e7i-
dence, desiring the prisoner to be -properly se-
cured, and remanded till next day. He appeared
perfectly composed.

The Corojer's, Inquest, after sitting three
hour's, brought in the • verdict—Trifful Murder,
with Insanity:

Bow-sTnEET.,--Vviednesday evening, about
quarter before 7 o'clock, as ,Nicholl's party of the
patrole, consisting of hiniself,- Limberick, and
Smith, were passing from Chandos-street
ming':,s-row, they met with a gang of robbers,
who have, fora length of time, been the terror of
the town. The gang were about to attack the
()Meer's, but instantly-, discovering who they were,
dispersed in different directions ; however, the
Officers discovering the robbers at the same in-
stant, pnrsued,and secured three of them.
Yesterday they were brought bifore Mr. Birnie,
when they all proved to be notorious charac-
ters. James Bainbridze, John Brooks, and Jame:
..Ltambletb'n, alias l'''itzgeraid, alias Young Site .
The account Bainbridge gave of _himself was,
that 11 was a journeyman printer, but had nor
done any work for two months. On searching
11:ni, there were found a silver 'watch, three gold
seals,- a gold key, and a gold seal in his pocket ;
also a pawnbroker's duplicate for a watch-chain
6.nd seal.

Brooks said, he was-a journeyman watch case
maker, aiid worked far Mr. Bayten, of Church-
court, St. Luke's.

Fitzgerald said he got his living by parading
the streets, playing the mouth organ, or Pan's

pipvs

They were all committed for further examina•
tion, and in the mean time the parties •vho ar4
known to have been robbed will receive notices
to attend.to identify them.

WORSHIP-STREE r.—Yesterday, ThanuisNorman„•
Edward Roame, Stephen Keble, and -- Richard-
son,. were brought up for further examin,ation, on
the charge of committing various nets of robbery
and burglary..
Norman (applehended on Baling Common, by
Bishop and the two Arnistrongs),- who had been
previously-committed as a receiver of the silk.
&u. stolen from the Sisters hoy, was now brought
up as being concerned with the others in breaking
into and robbing the linen-warehouse of Mr.
Johnson, at Watford, on the third of September,
1811. Richardson was apprehended two days
ago, by the sanie'officers, in Tottenham-court-
road, when they found upon his person 25/. in
Bank notes—He was identified as-being concern-
ed with Norman, and as having broke out of
prison at Manchester.
Kehle, apprehended same time ago tit a public-
house in \Vhitechapel, undergo further exa-.
mination, on the charge' of robbing the dwelling-
house Odder, Esq. at Uxbridge, to the
amount of VOL,

Between twelve and one o'clock yesterday
morning a the broke out at; the house of a timuaa
in the New Cut, Lambeth Mardi, which was en:-
tirely destroyed - •

Attempted Suicide.—Tuesday morning as a •
young man was amusing himself with his gun in
the fields about Wormwood:Scrubs, his attention
was arrested,by .an elderly wf,rnan without
cap or bonnet, who was pulling off her gown
by the canal side, and who soon afterwards
plunged into the water. The young man hlsten-
ed to the spot, and rescued her, after she had been
a.bout.tbree minutes in the water. The- unfortu-
nate womaiiwas taken to a neighbciuring cottage,
and With much care Was recovered. She proved
to have been the keeper of a seminary, but was
much, reduced;

SMITIIFIELD4IARKE'f, Nov. is.

This day's Market had but a scanty.supply of
the different kinds of cattle : Veal and Pork are
cheaper; Beef is dearer; Mutton supports last
price; .and the trade for the most part was not
very g00d.,-.—The Sales in the Hay Market were
not. lively : Hay fetched last price ; Straw and
Clover have fallen in price.—The undermentioned
prices and numbers arc a .correct statement :
To sink the per Stone of sib.
_ . _ _

Beef, as. Od. to ss. O. Mutton, 4s. 44. to ss. 4d. Veal,
ss. Od. toGs.Od. Os. to Os. Od. Pork, 3s. 4d. to 6,.
Beasts, 720. Sheep, 5,290. Calves, 110. Pitrs, 250.
sMITIIFIELD -HAY-MARK.F.T.

Hay, 41. Os. to 51. 10s. Straw, 21. Os'. to 21. 6s. Cover,
61. Os. to 71. 15s.

CORN.EX,CIIANGE, Nov. iB.--fear Wheat Marl.
continue to •be well supplied, and sale dull,
but no alteration in price,; the quantity of Oats
here to-day ,Was large, and Ivor than sufficient to
meet the demand, fine samples were 2s. and iufe-
rior 3s. per quarter lower ; Barley was on the de-
dine, and prices may he quoted 2s. less than.Wed-
nesdav Boiling Pease are Ss. lower ; but Beans,
both old and new, maintain their former prices..

New Wheat, 90s. 100 s, 105. F,.
rine ditto - - -140 s.
live ' 70c. 755.
Barley - - 5/2s, 02s.
New :JAW - -71 s.
Malt - - • - 975. 107 A.
Fine ditto -' - ' 116.4.
White Pea ,c (boil.)loss. 115 s.
New ditto - - - • 1325.
Grey ditto - - - ;Gs: spi.
ditto - - • S-Is.

Tick Beans -
Old ditto - -
Small ditto
Feed Oats -
Fine ditto -
Poland ditto - 465.
Fine ditto - -
Potatoe ditto - -
Rape Seed - 701. 761.
Fine Flour -- - iNts..llo.
Sticouds - - -100 i. 105 s.

- -90 s. 955.
110%

ICSq. 112

- -40 s. 4Gs.,
51s.
535.

AFRICAN INSTITUTION.

C. TRACT . FROM THE, REPORT OF. THE COMMIS-

STONERS 01' AFRICAN INQUIRY.

(Cigitintied from our Varer of the 31st ult.)

Although wars are prObably not frequent among
'them, yet the Kroomen. of different towns have
sometimes very serious _quarrels. One took place
lately between the people of Willstown- and.those
'of, one of the other towns. It originated in a
private quarrel between two individuals, Tom
Niminee and Jumbo, the people of each town
taking part with their townsman until it became
an actual war. between the two towns. The war
is suspended for the present, but the quarrel is
not yet. deeided. The Kroomen say, that the
" king has not spOken, yet." The following are-
all the partictilars I have.. been able to collect of
this affair. Jumbo appears-to have been by right
:the head of all the Kroo? ; he was at least a man
of bigh consequence among them._ The father of
Tom Nirninee * was chief of Kroo Settra, and
Jumbo deprived him of his dignity. -The old Man
retired into the woods and died. , His son deter-
mined to be avenged-on Jumbo, and,engaged the
people of Wappoo (the next town.. south of the
Kroo country) to make war on him., They were
successful, and Jumbo was obliged to fly to Rock
Sesters (a place at some distance to windward,
that . is, northward), where he reniftined seven
years. Daring hips stay at this place, he seized a
chief who had been yen into the river Sesters by
Tom Nitninee, and killed him. Nimiriee sent to
require pecuniary satisfaction for the Murder,
cording to custom, but was refused ; and Jumbo
has since found himself strong enough to return
to his own country. • Some of the people farther
inland (Bushmen as they are called by the Kroo-
men) were hired to help him.;. and it is. chiefly by
means of mercenaries that the war has been pro-
secuted by both pv.rties ; " Kroomen not liking
to fight against Kroomen." It appeared that hi
this war. all Kroomen who happened to be made
prisoners were released on paying a ransom, or
rather making a present according tb the ability
of the captive; and.-this, I apprehend, is the
common practice with respect to Esooriten,though
I have been informed that in some cases they pu-
nish them by a severe whipping;, and then send
them.home. It seems clear they neither kill nor
sell them. How they proceed with respect to pri-
-s6ners of other tribes is not so clear:

The submisSion of Kroomen to their superiors
is carried so- far, that when one of these commits
a theft, fur instance, the rest will run every ha-
zard arising from judicial peijury, and resist
every temptation of reward, rather than reveal it;
and if there be no other mode of, saving their su-
perior from disgrace and punishment, they will
take the crime on' themselves, and suffer its pe-
nalty. Many facts of this kind occurred at Sierra
Leone. Among thernzelves, theft is punished by
whipping. , The punishment of adultery is by
fine. - Murder ny-.y he punished with death, but it
may ;also be always atoned for by a pecuniary
flue. Witchcraft is always punished capitally,
but I knoW °illy one instance of it. Among Kroo-
men no offence:is punished With. slavery; nor is
any Kropnufn permitted to be sold on any account
whatsoever. While the Slave Trade lasted, they
were notoriously in the habit of kidnapping and
selling the ." Bushmen" who came down to the
coast for thepurposes of trade ; whom also, in
their capacity of factors, they were in the regular
practice of defrauding to a considerable amount.
In respect to the external appearance of the
Kroomen, they are seldom very tall ; but they are
lvell made, muscular, vigorous, and active. They
wear no, clothes,' except'a small piece of East-
India eloth wrapped round their loins ; but they
arc fond of obtaining hats and old Woollen jackets,
which they are allowed to wear in th?ir own-coun-
try in the, rainy season. A few wear European
clothing .while at Sierra 'Leone. They are ex-
tremely sensible' of the cold during. the rainy sea-,
son, tut never appear to suffer from the heat.—
The form of the African head differs in general
from that of the European ; but I think this dif-
ference is less in the Kroomen than in any other
natives whom 1 have seen. In their temper, they
are generally gay and cheerful ; and this leads
them to he very noisy and ta4kative. They some-
times shew a talent for miinicry. They seldom
learn to speak English well, and of course they
must understand it but imperfectly ; the few who
do understand it become, I think, mare readily
expert at whatever business they are employed in
than most other natives. They are very fond of
adopting Elglish names ; but their choice is some-
times very whimsical, such as Pipe of Tobacco,
Bottle of Beer, Papaw Tree, &c. They arc quick
in feeling insults, or even harsh and angry ex-
pressions, and they immediately become sulky
and untractable. But they will bear any censure,
even a sharp blow or two when their negligence
deserves it, if it can be so contrived as to seem
given more in jest than in earnest.' In their ge-
neral course of conduct, they are rather delibe-
fate than impetuous ; but they: are far more cou-
rageous than the generality of the natives about
Sierra Leone.

- I presume they are hospitable, from the readi-
ness with which, when absent from their coun-
try, thoSe who are employed, and consequently
are receiving wages, 'support those who are un-
able to obtain work.

When hired by the month, their wages. depend-
ing on the time they arc at work, not upon. the
work performed, they are apt to be very indolent,
sinless carefully superintended. But they are
fond of task work, or working by the piece"; and
exert themselves 'exceedingly when the reward is
proportioned to the labour. 'When I first arrived
in Africa in 1797, it was .deemed a gross absurdity
to imagine-thata Krooman would do any kind of
work inkonnected with boats grid shipping, as in
that way alone they had hitherto been employed ;,
and it was supposed their prejudices against inno-
vation could' never be overcome.
'4 Tom NixtlinZ•e is a short but stout man. He was dressed-
very gully when I saw him, in a piece of showy handker-
chiefs of English manufacture. A silver plate was suspended
from his neck, -with an inscription, purporting that it was
given him, by ft. flume, owner of the John and Sarah (I
think), •lor hi i4allautly recovering that vessel when cut off
'15% the crew, a;:(1 the captain killed. It is, however, a very
sf,a;,be plate, and=the orthography of the inscription not very
47..%rr5cl • (To be continued.)
