• TO THE, EDITOR OF THE SUN.

exercise atro,tsce of considerable im-
piort nnet in this conutiunity, In your c;tidaerty of
);'Haar, you not only publish, in your popttl 1r apd
wiiiely,elrrttiating paper, the .casualties and or-
currences of natiryon assist but yo assist by your Com-
, tnents on them to form the opinions, and guide
I the sentiments of a 'considerable nmnber of hi-
' liabitAlits of this conntry. inctlmhent ciia
you, then, k it on all oecasions, to use your ut-
most mean, possess yourself of tltc ttuth, and
to resist every inducement- to. mislead t ..;e public.
In nn article published in another Evening paper.,
the idstint, I have to cosiplitin of an 4,61-'
donment in this hist-mice of that.great duty, and
flf An
,irrintyio itiy countrymen by ()trier vatijus
on the onfortuttateipsuryeetion in Rai ha,his.
Via( 30Airmil Cafitliti the-odium in itstpower on
those who :have charged
.the cithmity upon the
aeitators of the Slave Registry BM ; it-attacks
the statement of the act transmitted from Dar-
' hadoes, thai the- plot ..cqihinttoced With that, por-
tionsa the Slave popnlation which can rend and
write 'endeavours to impress it on the
,ptibli,e
mind, as an. instance of the general tniwillingness
in the colony to grant. instruction to the negrocs ;
and it concludes with an admonition, "that as the
etuancipat,on .of these people most shortly take
place, to goiekly.grattt lostruction, and to`ptevent
illicit importitiOn, or take the cortsegnetices'"
ytist that you will have the goodness to inseit
in your paper, the following attswet .0 these
charges,—Thai the lOgitfttiOn of a lull for the
Regit4y of Slaves, for the purpose of pr,yenring.
illicit-importation, and fur preventing tree pr9ple
of colour front being held in slavery, and it hi. it
Bill has bertt pemling in l'arliainent two Sessii,,,,,
and'hasbeen supported by bumerom pimpuets,
particithrtly the Special- Report of the African
stititticm . (all as remaikable fur their vir.ilt•nce
and abuse of West Indians as for the lalsebOod of
their contents), has for, eight or ten months
past, unsettled the minds at he Negro popolat
and ultimately occasioned the tate,event
badoes—is not only true, but was. foretold
Government of' this country at a very early ;ittig,e
of the Bill. J number Of Slaves ivlto can read
is great ; the.oceitrrente3, debates, and paniphlets
of England quiLitly reach them, and the tendenvvy
of !thew email not fat to imprezis them with the
belief that this government is hostile to thur
masters: It is tut to be 'turreted from the 13.er-
badoes account , Witt the ediletitioll of the Negroes,
wits' meant' to be- coin tact is Inertly
stated, thdt the plot was famed, by those who
could read and write, and who,conetpit fitly w
what pass;ng io England, You ate
audit 14 education. being d;thgerous to
the:!cbtevf,t classes Of 3 ',Tate I, Ass,rt, that it
is the Cet:tain ceire 1, r. insubordination. You limit,
th,q on obi subject there
has been a didcr4.-nee of op;n161) amongst some of
tit gicile'.t phitosoia,crs and statesmen, mid that
expelieuce his not alwayi shown us, that the
tll;tc;rtecl
t s 1i7:1 ions,_
nii-Pr."l'V'e'h dt":-It b
led (lie'- Btlliitititt'iCnt iny• sub-
,
tire
Noce ? headed that it) the Hotrotv Were
they the Iwo most i:Nterate of their rekpertire
.•• , • .
.crews Notti:ing- is tart her front my •intention
than to argue t i t point At pieseot ; the
now geoetally ;141,001, and acted! upon.,
the edtictitiou
.of the peaiAlit is the meet probit-
ble o
grouild wit We Can hope for Imp-
pitte,s to himself or- benefit to lciti coutitiy. That
the. Proprietors artt tottiousito COMM!init-ate ftiiS
blessing to their neaNatits I .rain trials itS,,eft:—.
Amongst theimpcdiments to I trr execution Of rh,ie
wilices are- to be 'eninfteratc4,---Jst, the instal&
eiency ut their mesns from the excessive taxation
Ihtri 4tivaini; &toil itke .povvrty they -itavr mithirt44l
through the whole of the late war, during the
grrotest par art which' their coimuuditics;

..„
hail no access to the;Con!htent, Averc
trufacturea to a los, 1,1
bur of their lar;;est landholders, tieing afso g•.reat
landholders_ in this -conntly,—constairtly re-- :I'll,
beret conttibute to the schools and charities of
Eitgland, 'and confer nothing...in those, of • Bar-
hadoes ; .3,11 y, Some Motives itl polieY and some
differences "of 'opinion have prevailed. lit
the AgricLltural S'ltcie;y of ',flit! Island, Ai:vont
seven yea i years. ago the inestion iVaa.
ly debated ; and .the propriety oC, establishing
schools on the 't states of ',sill who l'Ottlal possibly
effect sub btrongly itged by many
lumbers, tvlittst 4 others it' was conte-ded iii
'he truly hazaidoits—•= the dailyEuglisis
the Reports of the Afrieint InStitinittn,;._the
burgh and the Christian (,itter, Ver, were
in genes al circtlktlitm' fa the Colo:1y, and that
their periisal could' not to produce nut'
struetitut„ It:was-also argued that Groat. Britain.
pi actised towards -the Colonies the teuv rt)1111,10•:,
she trembled het self, a In I) Re) obit ioo,ity.
Vrttikce poirted
.torilt the AltiCtfitic, cut liberty ;out
etfitality to the-world ; Kitt) that we emit toca
carefully gutted against the ets B. iti.li•
l'iess, I ic,lc thent.it d the Fin,
of tkciple-,°W;l5
the Habeas Corptis Act, andeXert (he aillinst
of police, Buller tiic guidance of tilt;
nuttiortal Pitt, to'pres:tre herself, can it
the It (i
(it.till ill 1101 tic take tact.:..tinioos agairtst
the t fforts of the African litstittoicut Notwoli-
statichtig these drawbacks, .bOw,:‘er, the est -
blishment of schools on various est:at:a' was
takinx place. (ht 'the estatcs of„ tlit Soc.ety tor
the • of ill! the y.oung
Negroes have been well'for ten yeats
pail. • tin the estate of the Author of Col., letter„
ail I), t Nevi% the of six wit! foul tccii c.a., teal
:their 111, le; the sanr- is tli c.i,c on the t t e
Mr. E Ilaynes, -and cite the exlcusite l tcp .„
Prescod,, 1?,,q, called fietidal,, the LI, „,..;l
girls of it hie)) have freipteoily perforined iii -1,,g-
-ing service in the pwi b chute!) of St J„;,,,,-
11'nese are the establislitticiiis 1 tint
vvitlt, and I am informed sit bet vrai mite:
jynt'XlS ot many projtited. lii the paro,,t
;of 51. a chapel hits beet! vie, ted tot ;lie
accommodation. 01 the Nloravian picaeheis. a iet
'their black congregations, Lool, all the parish
eburcl,es, hre open to the Negro,,•l; and a:
tended by great numbers of them. Let ti. Gove,ro
ment of Otis, coin!trymentet bur a portion of tloti
taxes, to stich"proprietors:as can
from tiny. con,tiiwte,l ant bor.!. y tlitli,tiutcri par-
wisely, that ;chools are CSiall:isllo I 011
tatcs, and Wie shall ,finik sec trbeEiter the
bdants ofrthe island are tutaviiiiit.; to
their peasants ; hilt as it is, w sit
anti then rvtiled tor our p,fverty. 7 1(7.
nreUthered that I,grt):),,ites Itai ii poor ,a tide dope-.
tattoo as well its a 641 k h tale to 11014111:,1a, -amt ho
the former, schools, poo's-rites, ttiot..co-..tritie,,
arc cst,thlislied i l etery parish iti full ptopottiott
tit what is dement 'this; country. lint alliikt tv
are charged at the .sr of ci)ilizett Europe with
the imettliii;litetied state of our peasantry, it
ha fair to tisk a Mists of Ilmvs
long is it since the lioaesi tit your pea..
SatitS hive been educated, anti teceiveil the 1;,,),e,..
fits of schools 7 'Ellis is ail
receiving of ill lit 4 Nlajvsty's
,dotnialitits in evt.iy tl tarter itt' the globe, w!lieh
are all inade.intbserelettt it) the hit ereSts of tlriA
(country, and yet how long is it since- yoor
elasseS have reeeived the lightbof, edocation
You must austver, that grt;iit as this lia!i011 tut
been tor centuries, this stork', is a recent
Your Schools, your. Bell and -I, on aster.
sys:vini,, ace all late estahli,.hitieos. Oni• settle
tic tits ale hat the Crrlili4,llS (11 lauklerit tinll y, they
1 1110i11' under greau.disativantages, and yet ale
peeted Li hc-,p pace tvith torogress
It A also a eonclusiiin naturally its he dri%vti, 'that
its the present furor is entirtly directed against
the ‘Vest those ate the,only parts ot,hiS
I)ijetify's dontiltions Which ate atiallieo ;mid.
111.1410C101 Ct+ilditioll—bat Ca() that I7C main.
tisitivil, %Oleo you look at your Sister
dolt) tit Irtilatid 7 Not half or this.natitto ktiont
the state of Iteltonl j ~crant your Naval ,
etas toe lit:le iicquaititett• %rift) the ,coodit
01 lleriatfahitailis, e7ttf itiho?' iii icititry of
Ilerli;s1 boors and bays ;.''and those, pitvert:, -sr i
xlrtl it41101'alt1:, tlf!,,y. ainicky') iiitt “imivilt, tvoits
the 4,lv,intuge i f tlia-ir iit cointoo6on wit's
the iceasatitsof the inter:or, Ail hitt:nate -act:plaint -
auce .to ith' Ireland ettaides me to declare, goat tics
quickly a Registry I -have brieflY to reply's.
Il► it Von tVould do well first to 411''w ttrdt Wit 4rt"
guilty of: the crimes 'sit t-lt,iltat Bill
retnedy—yoit should have slot-) it, t hat !siIICV
abOli; Ida of the slave trade, not a Single .itriCatl
hrls btte:ll: imported for slavery, or a single
man detained in bondage, , Vie deov the c
voltage tier" We (kid:llea °wing •
its cotifirittatiott; 'afteays: vousiiieted it W,l*-S.
tvien:lll, 30titt
continbcd Ministry for ti,(;' pitt-p,,3es of.st-ttmg,
gatioos calumny, 10 lifoiluee 010'11141 04 1%
Singh,: QM 01' 104.111-eN,ilt),ll. The:proof it',; vitd for
coold it he ttnicle, Boil) the
naval connionell;tig 'on tom stloio., tor.'
many years„ Sir A. (,:ciet.ranc, awl Sir C.
Loodoo, sit 15 our Litr,
nor, Sir .0. Beckwith, Of ex.ilted el; tiatiter, "as`
also the Judge of our (_ lift fit' A,l4llirtt
them be- cited before their
moist' at ott,•e ticeide Oa the ti colt or falai fitod tir
hosecharges oil which vve loive been 16 long' pt,)",iz
iccuted anti oppreitica•
• ilaiata.toovi ritAtTmzia; IsAltZtt ELL-

t ~
