COPY OF A PETITION DELIVERED TO THR

GOVERNMENT.

To the Right Hon. Lot d Palmerston, his Britannic Majesty's

Secretary of StAte for the Foreign Department,

The undersigned, being a subject of his Britannic Ma-
jesty, humbly begs to state his case for the consideration of
your Lordship, being fully aware how much interest your
Lordship feels in what regards the welfare of British
subjects resident in foreign countries.
Your Memorialist is by trade a flax-spinner, in which
line of business he has established a concern at Winsouna,
a village belonging to Count Mostowski, situated three
German miles from the city of Warsaw, in the kingdom
of Poland. Being on the right bank of the Vistula, it
was occupied by the Russian troops on the 20th February,
who on the same day consumed and carried away all the
eatables and drinkables he possessed, and for nine days he
did not eat a morsel of bread. On the 22d of the same
month, a party of finirteen Russian Hussars entered the
village, and came to his dwelling. They unceremoniously
broke open the door (which was closed) with an axe, as
well also as the windows and window shutters ; they then
proceeded to the manufactory, situated under the same
roof, where he was employed. They first demanded his
money; he gave them to understand he had none. The
Hussars then took forcibly from him his watch and gold
seals, and, holding a pistol to his breast, stripped him of his
coat, waistcoat, trousers, and boots, and heat him with a
award seven severe blows on the back ; they cut open each
article of wearing apparel to ascertain if money was con-
cealed in them ; other parts of his w:4rdrohe were pillaged,
and he himself deprived of all except the shirt, drawer',
and stockings he wore. On the demand of his razors, he
went to a room below under the pretext of fete:ring them,
when betook the opportunity to escape through the window
(far the deor was guarded) into the forest near the house.
The Hussars then proceeded to pillage and injure the
property in act manufactory; they stole 411 the brass-work
attached to the machinery, and the leathern belts which
drove it, upwards of three hundred files, ten saws, oil and
eans,various tools, bed clothes, wearing apparel, linen,
contained in his chest of drawers, which was broken
'pen with an axe, broke parts of his machinery, and com-
mitts!d other excesses.
The unaer;igned? his escape by the window, suc-
ceeded in reaching the foresters honse, where he pro-
cured an old coat, and remained about an hour. Supposing
by this time the Hussars had left the village, he, accom-
panied by the steward, %V.lB returning home when he met

them, who again seized hold of him, and inflicted five mole
severe blows on the back with a sword. He again suc-
ceeded in escaping to the forest, wherp he met a Russian
officer, to whom he represented as well as he was able in
Germin the manner in which his pi Operty had been pil-
laged and destroyed, and himself punished, which excited
only his deri•i9n and laughter.
Vor three sucesetliog tiffs other parties came with
waggon, who took from him at earl, visit various things
belonging to his manufactoty-,-in fast all that was portable.
His plans and books of accounts were all destroyed ; a
clock affixed to a wall was taken down, thrown on the
;round, and wilfully dashed to pieces Visits were daily
made by ten or twelve Cossacks, who took away at their
discretion what suited them, -until nearly all his effects
were stolen or demolished.

Mr. Thomas, a subject of the King of Prussia,
is than advanced in years, who was an enOneet on the sime

estate, received similar treatment to mtmolialist, his lions
having been pillaged, his person stripped, and h7mself se
verely flogged : be is gone to 80-lin, to represent his case
to the Prussian Government.
Memorialist obtained an interview with the Field-
Marshal Diebitsch, to whom he represented the treatment
he had experienced from his troops. He (Diebitsch) re-
marked it was the chance of war, and ordered a guard of
four Cossacks for the protection of persons on the estate,
'or portable property there was none left; this was, how-
ever, of no avail, for other parties of Cossacks came and
flogged even the Cossacks sent as guard, and acted in de-
fiance of them ; the memorialist hail previously an inter-
view with General Fanshawe and the Grand Duke Con-
stantine, who referred him to General Diebitsch ; this was
all the redress he obtained.

Memorialist begs to remark, that in stating his case to
your Lordship, you will be aware of the conduct of the
Russian troops, when even under a state of discipline, and
will see that it does not correspond with the duties in prac-
tice of European soldiers, but resembles more bands of
robbers, as every thing is pillaged and destroyed within the
range of their operations. Wheat, rye, oats, cattle, sheep,
—wheat even in the straw,—are all taken, and nearly all
persons punished without respect of persons; and this,
notwithstanding the proclamation of Commander-in-Chief,
who promised to protect private property, and to pay for
all necessaries his troops required.
As many subjects of his Majesty resident in Poland are
liable to the loss of property and personal punishment so
long as there is no Consul for their protection, I humbly
beg to suggest to your Lordship the necessity of appoint.
ing one without delay.
And your memoralist will ever pray,
Warsaw, April 12. WILLIAM DOWNIE.
. .

Sad Pokoziewdzealsv IL, Powiatu i ..111itota War.z4wy
Z onviadcza iahoopwyosy podpis William Downie iesto-
lasna, reczny, bywytimnosci Sadu podpisany—Wariaawie
dnia 12, Knistnia, 1831.

JOSEF BACHAIINSKI SEDZIAPRESYDUJACY
JAN AISCUERYEWSKI PISANZ.

PROCLAMATION OF THE GENERAL-IN.

CHIEF TO THE LITHUANIANS.

" COUNTRYMEN,-The Polieh army enters your ten i-
tory. Children of the same country, Poles, unite your-
selves to us, to cast aside the odious yoke of slavery.
" Abandon your houses, your fortunes; abandon every
thing that has been most dear to you, and crowd toge-
ther to secure the first of blessings—the independence of
our country.

" Rut let us not deceive ourselves. For the future,
severe labour and sanguinary contests await us : we have
to contend with a powerful enemy—his forces are prodi-
gious—the extent of his dominions great.
" The contest will be terrible and arduous ; but, recol
lecting that Providence grants strength to union, that it
gives victory to courage and perseverance, let His name he
invoked as the mgis.of our holy cause, and let us seek aid
' from Him and consolation in religion. Guided by these
truths, we shall attain the greatest of earthly benefits.—
the freedom of our country. Liberty and independence is our
universal cry: it is to them that our efforts tend, without
them there can be little merit in the sight of God. Would
to God that I could inspire you with this truth, that a
nation struggling for all that is most sacred on earth will
find i❑ religious reflection the best aid in obtaining the
ohji-ct of its desires : nations and thrones will crumble
into dust when they shall have abandoned these eternal
principles,
" The duty of Kings is to render men better, and it is
only on that principle that the sacredness and legitimacy
of their thrones can rest.

" But when a Sovereign himself tears asunder those
sacred bonds which unite him to his people, when obe-
dience to his arbitrary will leads to disobedience to God,
then an appeal to arms is as just as it is inexorably necessary.
" Poles, cast but one look upon the situation of our
country. The prosperity of that country has disappeared,
national progress has been obstructed, the traces even of
domestic virtues are gone, our souls have been dtgraded
by slavery, and our wealth has served to foster debauchery.
Governed by impotent individuals, the national character
every where sinks into insignificance; the sole object of those
who governed us has been to dispossess us of every thing
which is valuable in the eye of heaven and earth.
" To arms, my brr thren, to arms ! It is to you I ad-
dress myself, inh ibitants of Lithuania, Volhynia, Podolia,
and Ukraine. Now or never is the moment for casting
off the afflictive yoke. Our success hitherto shows that
it is the ll,ity himself who guides us; let us d,pend
on his support, let us unite, then, with arias in our
hands, and hope in our hearts. He may at first try you
with disasters, but that ought not to discourage you ; the
habit of combat, courage, and perseverance, will conduct
to victory.

" It is not against the Ilus.ian nation that we take up
arms—that generous natio❑ has the same origin with our-
selves; its energies and its strength guided by our im-
placable enemies in the spirit of a deplorable policy, are
worthy of higher destinies. Its laws, its religion, will be
respected by us, in proportion to the respect we cherish
for the laws and the faith of our fathers : it is not against
these that we wage war, but against that spirit of de-
spotism which has crushed and oppressed us.
" Our enemies calumniite us to the world by accusing
us of being influenced by Jacobinical principles.

. .
" WE PROTEST BEFORE. GOD AND THE WHOLE WORLD
THAT THE RELIGION OF OUR FATHERS, A CONSTITU-
TIONAL MONARCHY, THE CONSOLIDATION OF THE LAW,
OF TRANQUILLITY, OF SOCIAL. ORDER, HAVE BEEN, AND
EVER WILL BE, OUR ONLY PRINCIPLES OF ACTION.

" I again repeat, victory will not be easy ; prodigious
efforts, sacrifices of life and of property await us, and
even, perhaps, repeated reverses. During a protracted
war perhaps a wandering life, or perhaps the death of
martyrs, may await us; but, trusting iii God, let us not
retreat ; and, combatting in the name of religion and of
liberty, let us acquire some merit before that God who re-
comprses pion, courage, and perseverance with victory.
" Success to libeity under the protection of religion
and the laws

" Success to Poland, under the protection of God !
" SKRZYNECKI."

NEW BEER TRADERS.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

SIR,-Seeing in your vain ible Paper of Saturday a
meeting of the new beer traders, I should be much
obliged if you will insert the following, as I ant a sub-
scriber to your Paper these five years.
The Chairman stated that they wanted the same time
as the victualler, and I think they ought to have less time,
because they make bid use of the time that the law allows
them to keep the company in those houses all night; mar-
ried men with bad women, apprentices of all ages, and
allow gambling of all sorts.
Mr. Braithwaite states that he and others of the trade
waited on Lord Althorp, and that they would wait on
Lord Brougham, I suppose to tell their Lordships how
many families they have sent to the poor-houses ; for, if
they tell theTrath, they knoW that the New Beer Bill is
the worst Bill that ever passed in this country, and has
been the ruin of many, and brought hundreds of youths
into bad habits through being allowed to gamble at these
houses.

Mr. Bent next states that the trade in the country had
to contend against the clergy, magistrates, and brewers.
Now, if the magistrates bad done their duty, and acted up
to the letter of the law, half their houses would have lost,
their licenses before this. He states that they sell cheap
beer, but he forgot to tell that the old houses soil
better beer and for less money, and msde from hops and
malt, which the new ones cannot produce. He also states
that it has raised the malt, but he forgot to state that they
do not pay for half of the malt that they make use of
so that the maltster cannot pay for his barley, nor the
farmer cannot pay hie rent, because the new trader does
not pay for his malt.
Mr. Crucifix talks of protection. I should like to
know what protection the old houses have ; if he goes by
the law that is laid down for them, they have nothing to
fear ; he talks of more houses ; I don't know how he is
to have more, for they keep open all the hours that •Go.l
sends. He also bilks of being put on equal terms with
the victuallers. If they were to be put oh an equality,
they would not remain because the victuallers are men
of honour and good characters, and the new beer traders
are men of no honour, and very bad characters in general,
.uch as men returned from transportation, and others that
rave been imprisoned for robbing the tills of pnblic-houses,
and some that have done their creditors out of .their just
bts. These are the men that are trusted with licenses
under the New Beer Act, that have been proved the worst
f men, and they encourage every thing that is bad.
A retaiV, then, to furnish the meeting with the
truth, says, get the neighbours to sign the truth, that is
(in his own words) that they promote drunkenneti, im.
morality, debauchery, and every thing that is to corrupt
the morals of the growing-up generation of both sexes.
I am, Sir, your, humble servant,
And constant reader of The. Sun,

J. H. 13,

Etc
- -
• - ••`Zi -,4•4 "4%
44344

LONDON,
MONDAY EVENING, JUNE 13, 1831.

We direct attention to the Polish General-
in-Chief's Proclamation to the Lithuanians,
calling on them to rise in defence of their com-
mon country and their rightful freedom, a,
one of the most affecting and impressive

public documents we ever read. If the
Lithuanians be, what it is generally under-
stood they are, people of quick feeling,
daring enterprize, and undoubted patriotism,
they will not hesitate an instant in replying to
the summons of the Polish hero, SKRZYNECKI,
and rallying by thousands under his banners.
This great man addresses the Lithuanians in a
spirit of the most perfect candour ; he does not
attempt to conceal from them the Herculean dif-
ficulties of the task in which they will engage ;
the power of Russia, he allows to be tremendous ;
but adds, that even her power must bend to

the force of circumstances, and the unalter-
able, unanimous determination of Poland.
But let the hero speak for himself:—
"To arms, my brethren, to arms ! It is to you

I address myself, inhabitants of Lithuania,
Volhynia, Podolia, and Ukraine. Now, or
never, is the moment for casting off the afflic-
tive yoke. Our success hitherto shows that it

is the DEITY himself who guides us ; let us
depend on his support, let us unite, then, with
arms in our hands, and hope in our hearts. He
may at first try you with disasters, but that
ought not to discourage you ; the habit of Coln-
bat, courage, and perseverance will conduct to
victory. It is not against the Russian nation
that we take up arms—that generous nation has
the same origin with ourselves ; its energies and
its strength, guided by our implacable enemies in

the spirit of a deplorable policy, are worthy of
higher destinies. Its laws, its religion, will be
respected by us, in proportion to the respect we
cherish for the laws and the faith of our fathers :
it is not against these that we wage war,,
but against that spirit of despotism which
has crushed- and oppressed us." sentiments
like these, so exalted, so fervent, so gene-
rous, might almost rouse the dead. On the
Lithuanians, we doubt not, they will have an
electrical effect. But why do England and
France slumber, while one of the noblest na-
tions in Europe is thus, in defence of its legi-
timate liberty, exposed to all the horrors of an
exterminating warfare ? Not a sentiment of jus-
tice, reason, and humanity, but speaks trumpet-
tongued in behalf of the Poles. Gov grant they
may gain their freedom, and find generous media-
tors in the Cabinets of England and France !

Brussels Papers say, News of an imme-
diate invasion is circulated. Three corps, and
even four are spoken of, which it is said will
enter our territory at once, to execute the deci-
sions of the Congress at. London. These four
corps to be composed, one of English troops,
which would occupy the provinces of Antwerp
and Flanders ; the second of Prussian troops
destined to take possession of LiMburg and
Liege; the third furnished by the German con.
federation, to take possession of Luxemburg ;
and the fourth to be sent by Louis Pinup,
King of the French, to occupy Hainault, and
the other Walloon provinces. These are the
benefits which the Five Powers, as we are told,
are going to dispense to Belgium for our greater
glory and. prosperity. We give no credit to these
reports, which are circulated with a certain affec-
tation ; but we suppose they are propagated to
frighten the country, and particularly the Con-
gress." The following are extracts :

itsAw, MAY 31._The Polish Gazette and the
IVarsaw Courier contain an older of the day, dated 29th
of May, of General Krukowiecki, Governor of the capi-
tal, in which he announces that important reasons, the
~ources of which time will reveal, have induced him to
solicit his discharge from the post of Governor, which
the Government has consented to grant him. He speaks
in high tern's of praise of the conduct of the office's of his
st,ff. The Warsaw Gazette says that the General has
dso resigned his post as General of iufantmy, and wil
probably be succeeded in the office of Governor of Warsaw
by Brigadier-General Routhier.

Raphael Cichozki, who by the decision of two courts-
martial was sentenced to death, as guilty of high treason,
was beheaded yesterday. The Board of Health in War-
saw announces that on the 24th there were in the prin-
cipal, hospital in the Bagatelle only six cholera patients,
and in all the other hospitals only 49, and that on 22,1
May there were no new cases of cholera, and no death in
the towns of Pultusk, Schierozk, and Napielpk.
Pousu FRONTIERS, JuNe I.—According to accounts

hat may be depended upon the loss sustained by the Poles in
the battle of the 26th was greater than stated in the Warsaw
Journals; they are stated to have host thirty staff, and 225
subaltern officers, and 10,000 men in killed and wounded.
We have not the slightest information respecting the
movements of Field.Ma►shal Diebitsch since the 26th
t!itference between General Skizynecki and General
Krulcowietli, Governor of the capital, is said to be made
up. The request of the latter to resign his post is sup-
posed to have originated in this difference.
WAitsaw, MAY 31.—The Warsaw Courier says,
that General Pao, is recovering of his wounds, and will
soon return to the army.
The same Paper sAys, that all the inhabitants of Lublin
who came to Warsaw, agree that General Kr,ffiz behaves

'o the Poles like a mill a honAtr, an I itowa himßel 19
friend of humanity.

BRUSSELS.
NATIONAL CONGRESS, JUNE 9.
There being only eighty-nine Members prernt, the
President declared that there could be no sitting.
M. Gendebien—lt is abiolutely necessary that the Co
4re,s should assemble speedily ; letters must be writtel
'o all the absent Members to summon them to their post'
The accounts from Lend .n say, that the Prince of Say
Coburg does not accept the throne of 13,Aginm. W
must prepare for war.

M. Rogier —The news has not an official charact,r
.ve must wait for the return of our deputies.
M. Constantine Rodenimach —Let any one read the lett!'
in which the refusal of the Prince is stated.
S •veral Members—The Congr,ss must be complet
in order that it may come to a decision when the depots
tion shall have returned from London. To meet at on
o'clock to-morrow.
BRUSSELS, JUNE o.—News of an immediate invasiol
is circulated. Three corps, and even four are spoken of
which it is said will enter our territory at once, to executt
the decisions of the Congress at London. These foto
corps to be composed, one of English troops, which wool,
occupy the provinces of Antwerp and Flanders; the secon,
of Prussian troops, destined to take possession of Limburl
and Liege; the third furnished by the German confederl'
tion, to take possession of Luxemburg ; and the fourth VI
he sent by Louis Philip, King of the French, to occupy
Hainault and the other Walloon provinces.
These are the benefits which the Five Powers,
we are told, are going to dispense to Belgium for one
greater glory and pro-perity. We give no credit to the
reports, which are circulated with a certain affectation!
but we suppose they are propagated to frighten the countrj
and particularly time Congress.
The reigning Duke of Brunswick arrived here yeater•
day front Aix-la-Chapelle, on his way to England.
Lord Ponsonhy, his secretaries, and his whole suite, will
set out in a few days at noon for London. We are afraid
that General Belliard sets out to-morrow for Paris.
Toe Independent says that it is authorised to declare
that the courier despatched by Lord Ponsonby was not
the heart r of an important answer required of our Govern-
ment by Lord Ponsonhy.
M. Lebeau (says the Emancipation) is going to Eng-
land. General Millinet, who was sent to Tournay, ha 4
just gone to Ostend. The trial of Ernest Gregoire is not
yet terminated.

At the very lowest ebb of popularity, reduced
to the very last extremity, frenzied with the agony
of despair, with not the slightest hope of again
being able to plunder the public purse or " in-
vade the people's rights" with impunity, the bo-
roughmonr-„er9, it seems, are now bent on taking
a bloody vengeance on their enemies. Like
tigers at bay they are ready for a spring, no mat‘
ter on whom, or at what cost.
Our readers will find an apt illustration of this
spirit in a " Statement of the Affair between
Lord THOMAS CECIL and Mr. TENNYSON,if
which appears in The 'Sun of to-day. The
history of this affair is simply this. During
the late election at Stamford, when party-
spirit was at its highest, Lord THOMAS
CECIL, who was standing near Mr. TENINysoS
on the hustings, imagined he heard him

make use of the terms v"
execrable man" and
" tyrant," as applied to his Lordship's brother,
the Marquis of EXETER. Fired with indigna-
tion at these offensive expressions, Lord CECIL,
on the 3d of June—nearly a month after they
had been uttered, and even after a public express
sion of regret " for any over-heated terms into
which excited feelings might have betrayed him,"
had been made by Mr. TENNYSON at the final
close of the poll—wrote to that gentleman for an
explanation, which was promptly given, and
wholly to his Lordship's satisfaction. "So far
not the slightest blame attaches to either party.
If Lord CECIL really felt his feelings aggrieved,
he was right in demanding an explanation of the
gentleman who had wounded their exquisite deli-
cacy. Mr. TENNYSON was equally right in
promptly and honourably making that explana-
tion. But mark what follows ! At a Reform
dinner given at Oakham, on the 30th of May, in
celebration of the Stamford'election, Mr. TEN-
NYSON, in proposing for a toast " Prosperity to
the House of CECIL, and may they, profiting by
the lesson they have received, learn to respect
the rights of the peopl%" observed " Let me as-
sure you, as the Member for regenerated Stam-
ford, that, so far as I am personally concerned,
the toast is a matter of indifferencelo, me ; so
far as regards that Noble House which has ar-
rayed itelf against the common feeling of the
people of England ; for so long as I have
a leg to stand upon—so long as I have a
tongue to speak the sentiments of the people,
so long will I raise my voice against that
House, or any other which shall dare to
invade the rights of the people." For these
observations, which are strictly within the or-
dinary limits of propriety, which have been
used by public men when speaking of their op-
ponents a. thousand times before, and will be
used 'a thousand times again, Lord CECIL sent a
second letter to Mr. TENNYSON, requesting that
he would either retract them, or give him that satis-
faction which one gentleman had a tight to demand
from another. The first request Mr. TENNYsoN
very properly refused ; the arrangement of the
second he left to his friend Colonel MABERLY,
with this remark, " I place my honour unre-
servedly in your hands." Colonel MABERLY
like a sensible man, and a sincere friend, took the
same view of the case that Mr. TENNYSON did,
and that every other man, whose judgment is un-
clouded by his passions, would do. On the part
of his friend he at once unhesitatingly refused
a meeting, " as his own feeling was, that Mr.
TENNYSON had in no way overstepped the fair
line of public discussion in what he had said,
and that in using the terms invading the rights
of the people,' and hoping this would be a
lesson to the House of CECI L neverto invade their
rights again,' he had only employed words
which were in constant use, which conveyed no
offensive meaning, and which Lord THOMAS
CECIL had no right in any way to question."
So terminated this singular aftair, which, on
the part of Mr. TENNYSON, displays cool-
ness,t self-possession, and the proper spirit
of a gentleman
of Lord CECIL,
intemperance, blind on
fury, that
and a determina-
tion at all hazards to fasten a quarrel on
his antagonist. We should scarcely have al-
luded to this affair, did a not form an apt
Alustration of the sort of feeling now so rife
among the boroughmongers. Baffled—beaten
—with their power all but annihilated,
their popularity for ever extinguished, these
men are literally frantic with rage. In the ex-
tremity of their desperation they hold no terms
with reason or common sense. Had Lord
CECIL'S judatnent not been perverted by his
lie would have seen wiling in Mr.

TEN:
of at

accus
Well,
for tr

disch,

with
he nc

in dir
of till
did hi

is Mr
speaki
that s

limits
the NI
more
of Lt

speak
we mt

volunt
Comm
and t

with tl
sibly

We

anothe

rumou

we ne

enemy

Th,
Comp;
numb(

their r
tended

about

certain

strjkjn

By a
on the
at the
1 1 th of

Gener
cutive
ing the
strongly
executiv
The Gel

drparti❑

Newa al
--tranquil
Leiva fi
proclam
will exl
sorts to
tbat the
au! then

We le
become

commen
of the it
may am,
gena wd
