PRICE sd.

casion, which promised favourably, our hearts again
opened to admit the light of hope ; but our joy was of
short duration ; for, on the 4th of October, 1833, a
decree, signed by Zea Bermudez, appeared, and de-
clared the resolution of the Sovereign to oppose all re-
forms and innovations, and, at the same time, to pre-
serve intact the absolute prerogatives with which slaves
had invested the Crown. This decree spoke the heart-
felt language of an absolutist Court, and the repeated
efforts which have since been made to realize its senti-
ments, notwithstanding the force of events and of public
opinion, opposed and wrung concessions from it, prove
but too well how fondly the idea has been cherished by
it ; and that if it could not be realised, it was because it
was frustrated by a people who would not submit to be
slaves, and who were not so readily subdued as was sup-
posed and represented in the circle of the Palace, and
of perfidious and traitorous ministers.
The pretensions of Don Carlos to the throne were
soon put forward, and supported by a large number
of partisans with arms in their hands. To resist and
put down these pretensions became necessary, and the
Liberal party being the only means of support for
this purpose, policy and necessity caused concessions
to bo made to them, which, although petty, and de-
rived from a source unworthy of the true rights of
a nation, would, however, never have been granted
had circumstances been different, or could the Go-
vernment count upon other resources for securing
the throne. To appreciate the boon, it is necessary
to understand the motives of the donors.

Scion the worthlessness of the gift—barren as was in-
tended—became known. The Estatuto Real, limited
for the most part to secure the throne and succession,
studiously defective with respect to the rights which
belong to all nations ; granting only to the representa-
tives of the people the miserable faculty of petition,
which was always met by the insulting indifference of
Ministers ; the Spanish people desired to possess true
And real institutions, derived from the sovereignty of
the nation , and, in consequence, one unanimous cry for
these objects was raised in 1836 from one end of the
Peninsula to the other.

Previous to this period of regeneration, disturbances
more or less considerable, and attended with results
more or less favourable, were experienced, but from diffe-
reet causes. To direct the vessel of the State, fre-
quently persons of no consideration, without public or
private virtue, without political attachments, and even
without individual fitness, were selected. Each appoint-
ment might be looked upon as an insult to public opi-
nion, or as a challenge addressed to this magnanimous
nation, which still presented itself patient and resigned.
If at any time cur Governments yielded to the pressure
of events, it was only when they saw themselves univer-
s illy condemned and repudiated by the nation, and when
their power was reduced to the circuit of the wells of
Madrid. With reluctance, indeed, they gave way, for
soon the system proscribed by the voice of the people
seas returned to, and that state of collapse and inaction
which usually succeeds to great political excitements
n-as taken advantage of to reforgo anew the chains
which patriotism had just but riven.
The Government, constant in its purpose, yielded

. -
to a similar necessity only to recognise the Constitu•
tion of 1812, the revision of which produced that of
1837. This has been the history of every day, and of
every hour. from 1834 to the present moment.
It is painful to have to state, but still more to bays
felt it, perfidious council has always triumphed over the
wishes of the people. The deadly advice of the
Court has ever suffocated the voice of the nation ; and
for each conquest of liberty a new revolution absolutely
became necessary ; not one of those sanguinary revolu-
tions which erase a dynasty from history and stain its
pages with scenes of blood, but a revolution measured
and pacific—the offspring of the progressive improve.-
:nent of the age, and of the enlargement of the sphere
of human ideas and knowledge.
We have now arrived at the epoch of the day ; or at
one intimately connected with it.

From error to error—from abuse to abuse—have
crc been conducted to the brink of a precipice, where
we might have perished, if the warmth and valour of
the nation had not saved us.

The base interference practised in the last elections
dreply provoked the public indignation. Swarms of
servile and officious agents were sent abroad through
the country, who had no other object than that of pre-
serving their places, or rising to higher ; a system of
electioneering immorality, borrowed from other cow:-
ties, for the first tin: was put in practice in Spain, and
succeeded in falsifying the national will. The legisla-
tive bodies, the produce of these illegal and immoral
practices, exactly corresponded in their majorities with
their ilicgitima:e origin. Eloquent diatribes were
spoken against principles, and even a system .of
re-action was openly proclaimed. A law upon the
Icomposition of corporations, which deprived those
; bodies of that importance and independence which
in other times had protected the monarch from the
encroachments of an insolent aristocracy, was assualed
as the foundation stone upon which was to be raised the
odious alcazar of despotism. la vain most of the muni-
eips!ities of Spain protested. against those bad and
noxious projects of law : in despite of all exertion and
warning they received the Royal sanction, and from that
moment the people saw that all hope was closed upon
them, and that the hour had arrived when they were to
choose between revolution and slavery.
In Barcelona, a reaction in an absolute sense, and
manifesting a deep origin, had been attempted and
failed, as it could not otherwise have happened in so
Enlightened a capital. It became necessary to yield to
circumstances, and a cabinet of individuals, of blame-
less character was named by the Crown. The pro-
gramme which these men submitted was rejected ; and
they were compelled to resign. The exposition of the
illustrious Espartero to the Queen has just torn the
veil from secrets previously unknown, and affords
!1
another proof of the correctness of the convictions we
i have been stating.
On the occasion of the naming of another Cabinet,
the appointments fell upon persons unknown or discre-
dited, and it would seem as if the partisans of despotism
only wanted to precipitate events and rapidly pass over
the short time whiCh appeared to them to separate
them from the consummation of their designs. . _ .

The coi poration of Madrid had solemnly pledged
itself not to obey the new Municipal-law, because they
believed it contrary to the Constitution ; and the na-
tional militia of the capital had promised them the, sup-
port of their arms. The pile was prepared, and it only
rrquired a spark to ignite it. This spark was struck
out by the memorable public session of the Munici-
pality, on the 18th instant. That day, by which the
liberties of Spain were saved, shall be written in letters
of bronze, that it may never be forgotten by future ages.
The people, whose good sense often feels and
judges better than those pretending philosophers who,
more than once, lost the country to their miserable am-
bition and ignorance, flocked to the Town-hall to wit•
ness the public session. From them rose the excite-
ment; from them the impulse was given. The Cor-
poration, proud of their worthy fellow-citizens, at whose
instance a saving resolution was taken, and paying this
trjeute to truth, will not deprive them of the glory due
to them. And could the Corporation refuse to comply
with the wishes of the people so expressed, or to fly
with them to the defence of their common liberty, cow
on the point of expiring ? The scene, indeed, might
have been different—conducted quietly and tranquilly
—had not the Captain-General provoked a struggle, in
which the brave militia of the capital taudet him a lesson
of bitter disappointment and shame. If Mood was shed,
we were not the aggressors. In good time the law shall de-
cide that upon which ail have already pronounced a
verdict.
The Corporation bad immediately to provide for the
state of abandonment in which the capital was found in
so difficult a crisis. It did not monopolize power ; it
named, in conjunction with the provincial deputation, a
provisional Junta, and deposited in its hands the autho-
rity and command, thus organizing a body by whose
measures conMsien and disorder might be avoided, and
which were to be so much apprehended under the cir-
cumstances.
They besides placed, at the head of the national
militia of the capital, Generals known for their talents
and patriotism. Soon after various battalions of the
army joined the people ; the national militia of the
smaller towns of the province hastened to present them-
selves ; and, as if by enchantment, forces flowed in from
ail quarters; converting the city into one great encamp-
ment, and exhibiting it in an attitude the most imposing
and noble.
The shout of liberty raised in the capital resounded
immediately in every corner of the Peninsula. Not a
to en that did not respond to the cry of patriotism and
honour ; and, with the exception of one alone, up on
al
l
armed still presses the iron band of despotic power,
armed themselves in defence of the sacred objectsof
their vows and their wishes. Almost all the corps of
the army in various places have declared for that cause
fur which they shed their blood ; and the nation entire
presented the sublime spectacle of a great people, who
laid aside their patience and toleration of oppression to
re-conquer their freedom and invaded rights.
In the midst of this brilliant triumph of public
opinion, order and moderation presided over our pro-
ceedings, and a general sentiment of generosity stifled
in every breast the recollection of those wrongs and in-
sults we had suffered, n
branded with the names of redbel ntdwithtan
forgotten, or is it sought to be
and notwithstanding las 7: been
are
concealed,ttrtl lat when the
social compact is broken by the excesses of power force
is the only resource left to
that submission ends where despotism begins? Can a
whole nation be said to be guilty of treason and rebel-
. lion ? Can a brave army be so who have only listened
