4
t‘a
•

JIIE COURT of DIRECTORS of the
UNITED COMPANY of MERCHANTS of ENG-
LAND TRADING to the EAST INDIES, do hereby give

Notice,

That their Bengal Governments have published the follow.
ing Advertisement in the Calcutta Gazette of the 7th March
last, viz. :
GOVERNMENT ADVERTISEMENTS.
FORT WILLIAM.

Territorial Department, February 26, 1822.

It appearing th!t several proprietors of the notes advertised
for payment on the 30th of April next, now resident in Europe,
have omitted to leave instructions with their respective agents
in India, whether to receive absolute payment of such notes,
or to transfer them into any new loan, and applications having
been made to Government for permission to make provisional
transfers, the Governor General in Council has been pleased
to resolve, for the accommodation of the said proprietors,
that their agents shall be allowed to transfer the notes in
question into the loan 'now open, with a reservation, that
should the proprietors object to the transfer, and wish
to withdraw their property from the Company'a Funds,
they shall be at liberty to demand absolute payment in cash or
Bills, bearing date the 30th of April, 1822, in like manner, as
they would have been entitled to payment on that day had no
transfer been made ; the said Agents entering into an engage-
ment to produce authority, in writing, from the parties, re-
spectively confirming the transfer, on or before the 31st of July,
1823, or on or before that date to restore the New Loan Obliga-
tions and the Iriterest Bills, which will be issued on the 30th of
June next in consequence of the transfer, and to repay to the
Honourable Company any other sums which may have been
paid in Cash or in Bills, for interest, on the said Loan Obliga-
tions.

Published by Order of the Governor-General in Council,
H. MACKENZIE, Secretary to the Government.
PETER AUBER, Assistant Secretary.

A REAL OLD ENGLISH SCHEME.
ALL MONEY-NO CLASSES, and NO
- FIXED PRIZES;
The only one of the kind tor more than Thirty Years past.
.120 CAPITAL PRIZES, including - •
S of £20,0001
3
2
2
And 80 Prizes of £3OO and £2OO. .
SCHEME.—ALL MONEY.

3.... of £20,000 Money
2 .10,000 Money 20,000
2 5,000 Money... lO,OOO
3 2,000 Money 6,000
10 l,OOO Money ... 10,000
20 . 500 Money lO,OOO
300 Money 6,000
200 Money 12,000
40 Money
20 Money B,OOO
10 Money 59,000

20

60

500......

400

5,000

20,000 Tickets; 4 200 OGO
' NO CLASSES—NO FIXED PRIZES.
DRAWING BEGINS 30TH OCTOBF;rt.

Tickets and Shares are Selling at all the Offices, in Lin-
don, and by their Agents in every principal Town in the
Kingdom.

COURT OF ALDERMEN.

At the Court of Aldermen on Tuesday lasts
Sir JANES SHAW, after having heard a detail of the plans of
the LORD MAYOR for doing honour to his Majesty on his de-
parture from the MetropoliS to visit Scotland, and of the ar-
rangements to accommodate the Members of the Court on that
occasion, very highly comnended the course pursued by his
Lordship, which, he observed, reflected much credit upon the
city, and merited the special thanks of the Court. Sir James
accordingly moved a vote of thanks, and that a Committee
should.he appointed to draw up the motion. Upon this ques,
don Sir James, it appeared, expected no opposition, but
Alderman WArriisrAN said he believed there was no pre-
cedent for such. a vote as had been proposed ; that nothing had
struck him as evidence of extraordinary skill or exertion in
what had been represented as deserving of the particular notice
:and approbation of the Court; and that it was a question whe-
ther the part taken by his Lordship was not rather such as
should have been avoided than pursued, the public having re-
iceived a very sufficient intimation that it was his Majesty's de-
`cided wish to take his departure from his beloved subjects in
the city as privately as possible.
• In the opinions of Alderman Waithman, Alderman Noon
seemed; to coincide. He wished to see the precedent tbr such a
vote, and also to learn from the Lord Mayor whether any thing
in the shape of thanks had been given to his Lordship from the
department of Government with whom,. his Lordship had com-
municated, on the subject of attending his Majesty to the
bounds of his jurisdiction, as Conservator of the River.
To this question a negative was givex by the Lord Mayon,
who observed that he had performed what he conceived to he
his duty, without for a moment entertaining a thought with re-
spect to the consequences. The Lord Mayor added, that it
would in his opinion have had a very odd appearance, if • the
King had proceeded down the river without being attended by
the authorities, which were in a manner called for by the public
announcement that his Majesty intended to embark at Green-
wich, sand then mentioned the nature and manner of the com-
munications made to him by the Under-Secretary of 'State, re-
lative to the Royal departure, in explanation of every step he
had taken. It was necessary, also, for his Lordship to account
for the variety of- rnisinformalion with which it was said the
citizens had been favoured with regard to the hour Of the Royal
depaiture.
Alderman VE N'AnLEs also called for precedents, and did not
see the necessity of passing a vote of a particular nature.
As there did notappear to be that feeling of Unanimity which
Sir James expected, he said be should not hesitate to withdraw
his motion ; but, in doing so, he distinctly stated the conduct
pursued by the City on the occasion of his Majesty's departure
was such as it.should have been; and that, however forgetful
others might have been of their duty, the City had nothing to
reproach itself with.
The general vote of thanks was, after this conversation in the
Court, carried.

The Rev. 11. RonoEs,,Rector of Beckley, in
Sussex, to the great satisfaction of his parishioners,
has agreed to lower his tithe fifty per cent. for
the ensuing year.

THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1822

CITY, WEDNESDAY EVENING.

A letter was this morning received by a re-
spectable merchant from Kingston, Jamaica,
dated on the 25th July. It contains news im-
portant to the traders with Columbia, and the
following is an extract front it :----

" The chief purport of this letter is to advise you that the
official accounts of the total expulsion of the Spanish forces from
the department of Quito have just been received. The city
of Quito surrendered to General Sucre on tiy. 25th May, and
Paste submitted to the Liberator, Bolivar, on the 7th of
June, after several decisiye actions, which have increased the
claims of this extraordinary man to the gratitude of his country.
This intelligence is so important that I have to-day communi-
cated the particulars to the Royal Gazette, which you will
receive by the regular packet. Matters are now ripe for all
the influence that can be used with our Governtnent to recog-
nize the independence of a State which will now become daily
more important to the manufacturing and commercial interests
of England. The conquest of the Audience of Quito adds to
'the popUlation of Columbia nearly one million of souls, all
animated with the best feelings, and the Republic may now be
considered free from the Royalists, except the few men who are
shut up in Puerto Cabello, whither Borav,va was on his
march, and it was expected that he would be before it on the
29th August at latest. From his known rapidity little doubt can
be entertained of the speedy fall of this fortress. The articles
of capitulation for the Royal forces in Quito are in The Santa
Fe Gazette of the 30th of June, by-which it appears that the
whole of Ahem surrendered prisoners of war, and were to be
sent to Chagres, and there to be embarked at the expence of
the Spanish Government to Cuba. We have already received
advices from Porto Bello of the arrival of the prisoners at Pa-
nama, and that the British ships Bristol and Fan Fan were
takenup at Chagres to convey them to Havannah, &c.
By this information, it would appear that Columbia may
now be said to enjoy tranquillity as the reward of many years
of toil and dangers, and to cultivate peace and reap the ad-
vantages of freedom will soon be the only pursuits of the Go-
vernment.

Accounts from Valparaiso, dated on the lath May, state that
the cargo of the British ship Lord Cathcart had bed condemned,
it having been proved Spanish property.

An express received this afternoon from Paris, advises an im-
provement in the value of Foreign Funds in that city. The
French Rentes dosed on Monday at 92. 75. The New Spanish
Bonds at. 631, and the Old at 70k a.
On account of the stormy weather, very few arrivals of Grain
have been announced in Mark-lane since Monday last. The
buyers, however, in expectation of large supplies, do not pur-
chase, and every article is consequently uncommonly unsaleable.
A few fine samples of New 'Wheat were sold at the currency of
last Monday, but sound Old Wheat, 581 b. to a bushel, cannot
be disposed of at more than 325. a quarter ; Barley is worth 30s.
for the best Malting samples, but as yet there are few Maltsters
at work, and the Distillers are fully stocked till next January.
A large supply could consequently only be disposed of at a re-
duced value, arid the price of Barley has been forced up too
nearly on a level with Wheat, to render the maintenance of it
possible, unless a considerable improvethent should take place
in the latter article. Oats are a shade clearer, but the arrivals,
of this article since Monday do not exceed fifteen hundred
quarters. In the Edinburgh market new East Lothian Wheat
sells at from 30;.-tO 355. a'quarter. At Genoa, by the Jatest
advices, no improvement in the value of Wheat had taken place.
It would .remit about thirty-four shillings a quarter, from which
freight and insurance must be deducted. Little doubt, how-
ever, can be entertained but that Italy, and the Spanish and,
French ports in the Mediterranean will soon acqUire large sup-
plies. In Odessa a decline in prices had taken place, but the
scarcity of ships and the time of the year render this circum-
stance of little importance. This town is fuller than ever.
of Russian Officers, none of the Russian army having been with-
drawn from Turkey, and the GRAND SEIGNIOR'S disputes with
his good brother the magnanimous ALEXANDER being not con-
sidered in the smallest degree adjusted. If Turkey in Europe,
be a legitimate Government, the SULTAN has a right to chastise
his rebellious Christian subjects, to impale Grecian merchants,
to lead cultivated ladies and young children into slavery, and to
gratify the Crescent with indignities and cruelties offered to the
Cross. His Government rests on his sovereign will, and if the
Holy Alliance acknowledges its legitimacy, they have no cause
to complain of its barbarity. Mr. WINDHAM used to say,
that it was impossible to snake a silk purse out of a sow's ear ;
and it is equally ridiculous to expect civilization from the
tenets of these true believers in Mahomet. The Emperor of
Russia is, however, understood, in his Eastern dominions, not
to be satisfied with the praises bestowed on him for his forbear-
ance, for his subjects in that part of hiS- Empire do not conceive
them a proper equivalent for the indignities offered last year to
his Ambassador at Constantinople.
The British funds have been very steady this day, and there
is again a slight improvement in' their value. Bank Stock for
the opening has been sold at 251 a 252, and East India Stock
at 253 i. The Consols for the
,October settlement opened at
l and though no business of any great importance was
transacted in them, they closed at 81i buyers, with an appear-
ance of a farther advance.
• The foreign securities have been quite stationary this day,
occasioned by the Jewish fast, which did not end until sun-set.
To-norrow is, however, likely to•lie- a busy day, for the monied
' gentlemen will return to their' business quite refreshed and
sharp-set after this day of rest and devotion. '
' The prices arc as follow of all foreign stocks •
French 41 Five per Cent. Dividend from 22r1 Se, t., 92 50 75.
Spanish * Five per Cents. of 1820, Dividend fruit let May,
70al.
Ditto Five per Cent. Bonds of 1321 (sterling), Dividend from
Ist May, 044 5.
Russian * Six per Cents. Dividend from Ist july,. 82.
Ditto''" Five per (metal].) Div. from Ist Sept., 82.
Ditto New Five per Cent. (metal) Dividend from Ist Sept.
87i a. • - -
Prussian Five per Cent. Bonds of 1818 (sterling) Dividend
from Ist April, 91. • •
Ditto of 1822 (sterling) Dividend from lat July, 88,1
Austrian "'Five per Cents.-(inetall.) Div. from Ist Feb. 81.
Neapolitan * Five per Cent. Bonds, Dividend from Ist July,
76L 7
Danish Five 'per Cent. Bonds' (sterling) Div. from Ist July,
894.
Ditto Banco Marks, Dividend from Ist July, Bfil.
Colombian-Six per Cent. Bonds (sterling) Dividend from Ist
May, 85t5
Chilian Six per Cent. Bonds (sterling) Dividefsd from Ist
April, 84,1.
Marked * are subject to the rate of Exchange.
—( Morning Chronkle.) ' '
