THE SUN, LONDON, TUESDAN, JANUARY 29, 1839.

AT LONDON' 1311DGL: TO-MUI-UWW.
Siorvino 53 rni • utcs afer 2 j Everlir^ lO minutes after 3

T"IS ATsiestv the EMPEROR of AUSTRIA,
His Majesty the EMPEROR of RUSSIA,
His Majesty the KING of PRUSSIA,
having AUTHORISED and GUARANTEED several Distribu-
tions of Money, which (though they are NO LOTTERIES, and
do NOT EXPOSE the Shareholders to Blanks) offer possibilities
of obtaining

LARGE FORTUNES,
HEINE BROTHERS at HAMBURGH, and
HEINE BROTHERS at LUBECK, _ _

are NOW SELLING SHARES for any of the said DISTRI-
BUTIONS of MONEY, at various prices. The Distributions
contain various portions, from
NINE POUNDS TO TWENTY THOUSAND POUNDS
and upwards. Orders for less than 10/. cannot be attended to.
Persons desirous to purchase may receive PREVIOUS to giving
any order, the Prospectus and Particulars, upon addressing,
WITHOUT DELAY, a line to
HEINE BROTHERS at HAMBURGIL

The publication of THE SUN NEWSPAPER commenced this day
at 10 minutes past Three o' Clock

„...... :,
_,,..
-L\
r-
\,: d,'
~„:.:-:•,, 0 • ...0-. • '4,3ikc'-7.-
th:Pf.tiZ:7e%

otheiwiEe. Extensively as the middle classes have at
length roused themselves to act against the Corn-
laws, as our accounts from Yarmouth, Leicester, Bir-
mingham, etc., etc., prove, we certainly begin to be
alarmed lest their exertions are too late, and we dread
that nothing now can reconcile the people to
the Government. Either they must be ruled, we are
afraid, with a rod of iron, bound down in actual
slavery, coerced by a military force into obedience, or
the Government will be destroyed. So apparently the
Times thinks, for it has got a Correspondent to
contend, in opposition to the Standard—as if our
once vigorous Contemporary were cowed by, the
shadow of his own former power—that to abolish the
Corn-laws is essential to the Conservative interest.
Our Contemporary sees that the preservation of the
Corn-laws will be the ruin of the Constitution, and
he gives them up, though the other Tory Journals
cling to them as if they must be drowned were they to
let go their hold. We believe that the Conservative
Times is well aware of the consequence of abolishing
the Corn-laws, but in spite of its loud-mouthed at-
tachment to the Church and to the Tories, it is also
%yell convinced that nothing else than the abolition can
save the State—even if that can.

The establishment of an organised body of rural
police throughout England, on the plan suggested in
the Letter of Lord JOHN RUSSELL to the Earl of
DERBY, which will be found in The Sun of this day,
is a subject demanding the gravest deliberation. There
is much on the face of it to entitle it to consi-
deration—to recommend it to adoption ; but a
people so jealous of their liberties as the Eng-
lish, should reflect upon the possibility of some
future Minister attempting the destruction of popular
rights by means of the very institution established to
ensure the permanent and safe enjoyment of them.
Unless a rural police were placed under parochial in-
stead of magisterial controul ; and unless the rate-
payers were solely entrusted with the power of voting
the sums necessary for their support, in all cases
whatsoever, we confess that we should pause before giv-
ing our consent to the organization of. any force capable
of being made a State engine for abridging the con-
stitutional liberty of the people. It cannot be unknown
to Lord JOHN RUSSELL, that so jealous was the Par-
liament of England of a standing army, even since the
accession of GEORGE 111., that though threatened with
a French invasion, a motion for establishing fortified gar-
risons to defend Plymouth and Portsmouth against the
the enemy was not only rejected, but denounced as a
covert attempt to lay the first stone of a structure for
the maintenance of a military despotism. Though
such denunciations were ridiculed by the then
Ministers, strong in the purity and patriotism of
their own intentions, a very few years served to
convince them that the people were in the right.
The innovation now recommended is much greater,
and of a thousand times more consequence to
the nation, than the fortifying of all the naval stations
in the kingdom. As there is ample time for delibera-
tion, we trust that nothing will be decided hastily ;
and that, above all, the people will look with a jealous
eye upon any measure which directly or indirectly
trenches upon the constitutional liberty of the subject.
A power which the people can properly exercise
themselves, should never be entrusted to any Govern-
ment.

Despatches from Persia to the 13th of December,
by way of Constantinople, have been received at the
Foreign-office. The British Ambassador - (Mr.
M‘NEIL), was then on his journey from Teheran to
Tabriz, having been obliged a second time to break
off all diplomatic intercourse with the SHAH, who, fu-
rious on account of his disappointment before Herat,
had dared to menace the British Representative on
finding himself in safety in his capital. Mr. M'NEIL
is not a person to be daunted with the ebullitions of
craven insolence in a condition of fancied security ;
but finding that the SHAH had determined to revenge
his fancied wrongs upon England by the adoption of
Russian councils, he very properly withdrew from
Teheran altogether, leaving Colonel SHEIL in
quality of Charge d'Affaires, to watch over the
interests of the British merchants and sojourners in
Persia. Now we are not sorry that the Shah of
PERSIA has chosen such a moment to evince his in-
gratitude to the very Power to whom he stands in-
debted for the Crown which he wears so unworthily. We
believe that by this time there is a British force upon
his frontier, powerful enough, if properly directed, to
prevent him from playing such pranks in future, and even
to seize upon and retain ample security for a Persian
observance of the faith of treaties. A British settle-
ment on the Gulf of Persia is necessary for the pro-
tection of our interests, not only in Persia, but
India ; and such a settlement, if properly main-
tained, would answer all the purposes which
a patriotic but unscrupulous class of politicians anti-
cipate from a capricious change of Oriental dynasties.
With such semi-barbarous Princes as the SHAH
England cannot employ a moderate tone without sub-
jectin f.,* herself to a suspicion of weakness. The
conciliatory language employed by European Powers
in their enlightened diplomatic intercourse would be
regarded in the East as a relinquishment of every
claim to be treated otherwise than as a slave ;
nor are we without reasons for believing that to an
error of this description—trifling in itself, and arising
out of as trifling a circumstance—are we indebted for
the insolence displayed by the reigning SHAH, almost
ever since his elevation to the Musnud, towards the
Government, the policy, and even the people of Great
Britain. We are not unmindful that, owing to the
intrigues of Russia, a declaration of war against Persia
would be the signal for a rising of the Burmese ; but
as such an event has been well foreseen, the necessary
preparatory measures have not been neglected by the
Anglo-Indian Government. To attack us simulta-
neously in the East and West, has long been the po-
licy dictated to the Eastern Princes by the agenri
of the Cabinet of St. Petemburgh ; and we require
no stronger proofs of the zeal and unanimity with
which it is now acted upon, than the insults re-
cently offered to Colonel BENSON by the Burmese, and
Mr. -IVI‘NEIL by the Persian, Goveriunents. There is
nothing, however, to terrify or even to disconcert us
in the aspect of affairs in the East. By one bold,
decisive blow in Persia we can not only disconcert the
intrigues of Russia, but establish our power through..
out the whole peninsula of India.

The French Papers of Sunday announce a stagna-
on of political events in Paris. At eight o'clock in
le evening, the KING returned from Dreux, but no-
.hing took place indicating any determination respect-
ng the appointment of a Cabinet. The arrests for
disturbances in consequence of the high price of bread,
are becoming alarmingly numerous.
The Madrid Journals of the 20th do not contain anything
very interesting. In the Sitting of the Chamber of Deputies
of the 19th, a petition was read, which was signed by several
inhabitants of Barcelona, respecting the transportation of
several individuals to the Canary Islands, without any form of
trial, merely on the order of General Baron de Meer. A great
number of opposition Deputies spoke on the occasion. Baron
de Meer was the object of very vehement attacks; but the
Chambers, after having heard several speakers, resolved to
close the discussion, which was terminated without any further
result. A letter from Sanlona of the 19th announces that
Espartero had advanced with his forces towards Ramales,
The Journal du Havre contains the following letter from
Guadaloupe, 10th Dec., 1838 :
" The Governor of the Colony, taking into consideration
the deplorable state in which our unhappy country now is,
has convoked an extraordinary meeting of the Colonial Coun-
cil to communicate to it the draft of the Royal ordinance in-
tended to regulate the discipline of the Ateliers, and the seve.
ral relations which should exist between the owners of planta-
tions and the negroes. This proposed ordinance tends only
to confirm the facts which the custom of the Colony, or the
indulgence of the masters, had long since established. Ac-
cordingly, though doing justice to the good intentions of the
Governor, which had actuated him on this occasidn, the Colo-
nial Council contested his right to decide on questions which
appertain only to the Colonial Councils, according to the
formal list of the law of 24th April.
" The Governor, in his ordinance, proposed, among other
thingi'calculated to restore order and discipline in the Ateliers,
the inculium of the Slaves, Savings' Banks and compulsory
redemption. Now, to form an idea of the value of these
conciliatory measures, we need only to recollect that the Co-
lonial Council rejected all those measures years ago, either
as impracticable or as ruinous to the proprietors, or even il-
lusory as regards the welfare of the slaves."—Le Commerce.

---------
AVAL COMFORTS.—On a late occasion when a
sloop of war was going out of this harbour, and a shower of
rain prevailed at the same time, a midshipman was prudently
seen walking the quarter deck with an umbrella over his
head : what would Hosier's Ghost say to this?
--llarnpshire
Telegraph.

LLOYD'S SH_PPING.-(TIIIS DAY.)

DEAL, JAN. QS.—Wind N, W., moderate.—The Admiral, Moorson,
from Dernerara, and St. Croix, Honduras, proceeded this morning for
the River. Came down from the River and sailed, the Black Cat,
Chisser, for St. Michael's; Ermana, Mann, Cape of Good Hope;
Dexterous, Proom, Palermo ; William Harris, Terry, Bombay; Suss. x,
Boxby, Odessa; Watering, Cuthbertson, Marseilles; Don Giovanni,
Bowen, Jamaica; Eagle, Roollons, Cape of Good Hope; Reliance,
Wt oley. Algoa Bay.
Potursmorrit, JAN. 9.B.—Wind N.N.E. to N.N. W., fine.—Arrived
the Jane, Darly, from Rotterdam ; Brothers, do ; Thomas, Richardson,
Trinidad. Passed by the Justinia, Bentley, Taylor, for Calcutta,
Sailed the Sumatra, Harvey, for London, having been suppled with
anchor and cable. Her Majesty's ship Electra has gone out of harbour
far Shithead,

PLymouTir, JAN. 9.7.—Wind N. to N.E., moderate hreezes.—Ar.
rived the Letitia, from Malta, with loss of bulwarks; Tweed, Lawson
Gottenburg, with loss of stanchions, bulwarks, and with sails split
having experienced severe weather and been struck by heavy seas
Edward, Thompson, St. John's, N.B. Sailed the Spithead, Gill-
flare, for Ilavannah.

FALMOUTH, J*. 27.—Wind N.E to E.N.E , fresh breezes.—Arrived
the Boadicea transport,from the Mediterranean; Fortuna, Loyada,
LIVEISPOOL, JAN. 2S.—Wind N.N. W., moderate.—Arrived the Jo-
seph Walker, from Leghorn; Charlotte, Abbenett, Denia ; Dash,
Gibraltar. Off port, the Roscoe packet of the 7th instant, from New
York; Palmyra, Demerara. Sailed the Emily, Wardle, for Pernam-
buco; Ann Lockerby, Burt, Calcutta.

Cowes, JAN. '2B.—Arrived the Dorothea, De Boer, from Cardiff;
Jupiter, from Liverpool ; and sailed for Ostend.
BRISTOL, JAN. 2S.—Sailed the Ajax, Stark, for Jamaica.
SHEERNESS, JAN. 28.—Arrived the Harmonic, packet, from Rotter-
dam. Sailed the Eagle, for the Cape of Good Hope.
CARDIFF, JAN. 27.—Sailed the Waterlily, Winsor, for Ancona.
SWANSEA, JAN. 27.—Sailed the Tem Cringle, Buxton, for St. Jago
de Cuba.

iiA RWICIT, JAN. 28.—Arrived the Speculator, Parker, horn Newport,
with lost of rnain.boom.

HUMBER, JAN. 2S.—Arrived the Salus, from Rotterdam;
Ribsdale, ditto; Phoenix, Thompson, ditto; Archer, ditto.
HULL, JAN. 26.—Wind, N.E. by N.—Arrived the Jonge Cornelius,
Bakker, from Amsterdam; Vrow Arma, ditto; Marshal, Rotterdam
Albass, ditto; Resetta, ditto.

SHIELDS, JAN. 27.—Arrived the Heti°, M`Roy, from London; In-
dustry, Duckham, Honfleur ; Nadstern, Herring, Dantzie ; Pauline,
Knott, ditto; Alarm, Brining, bound to Memel, towed in with loss of
fore and main-mast, and cargo shifted.

CORK, JAN. 2G.—Arrived the St. Patrick, Turnall, from New-
foundland; Penland, Jenkinson, Cuba; William and Maria, I'lumer,
London. Sailed the Sally, klurr, for Nev. York.
DROGHEDA, JAN. 21. Arrived the Jack Tar, Malcolm, London.
MARGATE, JAN. 28.—The Guess, Ferrel, from Rotterdam to London,
got on the Margate Sands yesterday, but has been assisted off, with
rudder unshipped, and proceeded for the River in tow of a steamer.
STROMNESS, JAN. 27.—The Vigilant, Ballantine, which was on shore
at Longhope, has been got off, and brought in here, and must discharge
to repair. The Zakrewsky, from Uleaborg to Liverpool, which was on
shore, has been got off; after discharging about 1,500 casks of tar, and
will be brought in here to repair.

MONEY AND COMMERCIAL NEWS

CITY (THIS DAY), TWELVE' O'CLOCK.

LI7ERPOOL COTTON MARKET, MONDAY.--The transactions
in Cotton to-day are 4,000 bags, 1,400 of which were taken on
speculation. The Market closed heavily at last Friday's prices.
Arrivals this morning,--French mail, no ship letters.
Accounts from the Hague state that the Prince of Orange
set off on the 24th inst. at night for Bois le Duc, where his
head-quarters were transferred. All the Dutch troops were
concentrated on the Belgian frontier.
The Dutch army, in numbers, is superior to that of the
Belgians; but it must be observed that Holland at present has
only under its flag 75,000, while that of Belgium has 84,000.
We believe that the number of troops of each party is ex-
aggerated, and, should they come to hostilities, it will be
found that the armies will not be disproportionate. The Bel-
gian territory is more open to invasion than that of Hol-
land, which has strong positions, that of Maestrecht in parti-
cular, which will be made the point d'appui.
Extract of a letter posted at the North and South American
Coffee House, from Bristol 28th inst. :—" The passengers in
the Great Western were forced to go down to her near King
Road, as early as half-past seven ; when they reached her she
as stuck in the mud. At half-past four, P. M., when I left
her, there was not sufficient water for her to cross the Bar,
and not likely for two hours; she may proceed, being moon-
light, but up to tile present time, half past six, no account
of her sailing."
We are very barren of arrivals this morning, and the only
news of importance is from Constantinople, that our Envoy,
Mr. M'Neil, not being able to induce the Schah of Persia to
fulfil his promise, was about to leave the Persian territory, and
had actually set off with his baggage for Constintinople.
The great reduction in the price of wheat which took place
yesterday at Mark-lane must, no doubt, give great satisfaction
to the public, and more particularly to the middling and poorer
cla.ses of society. The general opinion is, that some of our
great speculators in the above article will suffer severely from
this reduction, which has cormp unawares upon them.
The New York packet ship Roscoe has arrived off Liverpool.
No Papers or letters have as yet been received. In alb pro.
bability they may arrive late in the afternoon.
THE FUNDS.
_ _

In the course of yesterday thedonsol market was rather
heavy, and closed at 92i both for Money and the Account ;
opened this morning at 92A- for the Account, Money 94,- ;
Exchequer Bills 63 65 ; India Bonds 61 63 ; Bank Stock
202 k 203 ; India Stock 255 256.
_ -

In the Foreign Market Swinish Active closed at 191 20 ;
at present 191 204-, a shade higher; Portuguese same as they
closed, 351 ; Three per Cents. 221 ; Belgian 98!I 991,
also the same ; Brezilian 79 4- ; Colombian 281 i. ; Nlexican
241 ; Dutch Two-and-a-half per Cents. 541 551; Five per
Cents. 1021 1.
PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Austrian Bonds Peruvian Bonds —
Belgian Bonds 9S% 9 ' Ditto Account —
Ditto Account
Brazilian Bonds
Ditto Account
Buenos Ayres Bonds
Ditto Account
Chilian Bonds
1 vtto Account

Columbian Bonds — , Ditto Account
Ditto Account
Columbian Bonds, 1824 23,!4 Spanish Bonds
Ditto Account
Danish Bonds 76,v % • Ditto Bonds, 1834
Ditto Account — Ditto Account. ...20% 20 19E;
Greek Bonds — French, 5 per cent.
Ditto Bonds, 1825 — ---- 4 per cent.
Ditto Account ---- 3 per cent.
Mexican Bonds, 5 per CE M.... •-....—••• Exchange. —f. —c.
Ditto Account Dutch, 254 per cent. S4A 5
Ditto, 6 per Cent 24 Ditto Account —
Ditto Account
Neapolitan Ditto Account —
PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK
Paid. Per Shale.
Cobre Copper.
Brighton liailwar ....... , . 14 IGN %
London and Boutharrinton Railway Company
Bitumen, Bastenne and Gaujac
Lo,,,fini and Westminster Bank 2O 24N%
National Provincial Bank of England (New) lO 10%
HAMBURG BORSEN HALLE, JAN. 25;
Bilis. Money
Austrian Metariques, 5 per rent.
Dit'o ditto 3 percent. —
Ditto ofitto 21 per cent
Litto Bank Shares —l4oB 1-.96
A,gln.ltussian Loan 107;4 .11,734
Russian 3 per cents Metal.
Paper Inscription, 6 per ;nn 104% 104
Russian Inscription, Hope and Co., tki and 4th
Series
Ditto, Certificates
Portuguese Regency Bonds, 5 per cent
Ditto, 3 per cent —
Dutch 2% per Cents. 53
.:. T c;itto 5 per Cents 94)
Polish Bonds, 3 per cents.
New Tickets 155 154%
Anglo- Danish Loan, 3 per cents 71% 71%
Norwegian Loan of 1r434, 4 p..r cents
Spanish, in piastres, 3 per Cents
Cortas .oan„ 5 per Cent
Greek 4 per cents. 1433, guaranteed by Prance
EXCHANGES ON LONDON.
HAMIit,IIG, JAN. 35.-13534 ; two months, 13 4 L.;,.
ST. PETICRSBURGII, JAN. 15.—Three months, 11%.
STOCKHoI.M, JAN. IS —Two months, 12 2
—Hamburz Papers, Jan. 25.
PRUSSIAN FUNDS.—BEnuN, JAN. 22-
Bills.
t. Schuld. Sch., 4 per cent lO3
Pru,sian English Loan, 18.90, 4 per cent 10258
k•xchartge on •Lonilon, three monr.a 6 !e%
—Prusuon State Gazette. Jen. 23.

Money,
102
lot

ALF-PAST ONE.
Consols may be quoted at 92 buyers, both for Money and
the Account, and the only operation worth noticing is the
Government Broker having purchased about five thousand
New Three-and-a- Half at 1004. At present it is not exp,cted
that any speculations of magnitude will be made before the
meeting of Parliament, which, it is expected, will be one of
the most important and interesting that we have had for many

years.
The rows received from Persia this morning has not had
any effect on tho funds, as it is the general opinion on the
approach of our Indian army to the Persian frontiers, the Shah
will comply with the British demands.
Exchequer Bills rather better, 63 66; India Bonds, 61
63 ; Bank Stock, 909:1,- 203 ; India Stock, 255.
In the Foreign Market scarce any business doing. Spanish
Active has not that wholesome appearance it had within a few
days past, and inay be quoted at In 20; Portuguese, no
; Five per Cents. 102 i . Most of
alteration, 35,h Three per Cents. 22. ; Belgian, 981
I
991 ; ; Colombian, 281 ; Dutch Two-and-
a-
Half per Cents., 5.1 i 55
the above Stocks are the same as in the early part of the
morning.

THREE O'CLOCK.

Consols for the Account, 92A-.
THE FUNDS.—CLOSING PRICES
BRITISH FUNDS.

25434
3Bapenkr cent. lied ii'ei"
3 per Cent. Ccos '"'"'""""''' Ditto Old Annuities —
:3y4 per Cent. Red '''''''''''
-01-1,- !Ditto Sew Annuities
New 3l.:? per Cent.........""""' 994 'Ex. Bills, 1,000/.......2%d ..... 66 pm.
New 5 per Cent ..................... Ditto 50 66 pm
. 7........................—T3)31/4!Dlnid
Itioa Sut.ancdk.
Long Annuities to expire DWI 5001 64 tam.
Jan.
186'
........ " .......... 15 iftrnk Stock for Act. 203
Oct. 1859 ................ It 13-16 It dia Stock for ..?.t
Jan. 'SOO ....................... 11 11-16,Conso's for ACT .... 9-2%

FOREIGN FUNDS
Asturian. 5 per cent,,,,,,,,,,, ... iportuguese Bondi, 5 per cent 7154
Belgian, 5 per cent.. ................ $39 Ditto, New Ditto
Brazilian Bonds ................ 79; ;Prussian, 5 per cent
Buenos A yr. s, 6 per cent...,.,. IRuisian Bonds, 5 per cent —
Chilian, 6 per cent .................. 'Ditto, Metallic
Colorninan, 6 par cent .......... wish, 5 per cent 2O
Ditto, 1824. ............................... :8;4 'Ditto, Consolidated
110 f. 50c.
Danish, 3 per cent .................. 771 g French, 5 per cent.
Greek Bonds, 1825, 5 per cent. —1 ',Exchange
Mexican, 5 per cent ............... French, 3 per cent —f.
Ditto, 6 per cent., 1825 ....... Dutch, t. 1% per cent.
Peruvian, 1825,6 per cent,,,,,, ,Ditto, per cent.
(CLOSING PRICE OF SHARES.—(THIS DAY.)
London and Brighton Railway
London and Blackwall Railway
London and Southampton Railway
London and Cioydon Railway
Manchester and Leeds Railway
Manchester and Birmingham Railway
Ditto Ditto Extension

CHANCERY COURT.-(THIS DAY.)

DENT V. BENNET r.-JUDGMENT.

The LORD CLIANCELLOR gave judgment today in this ease, which
was argued before the Court previous to the Christmas rec,ss. The.
bill was filed by the representatives of the late Mr. Dent, a gentleman
of large property in Lincolnshire, against the dcfendant, who is a sur..
goon at Barton-upon-Humber, for the purpose of having an agreement,
alleged to have been signed by Mr. Dent, delivered up to he cancelled,
and also for an injunction to restrain the defeedants from proceeding
with an action at law to recover the amount alleged to have been given
by t.l.e agreement to the dt•fetWant. Upon the ease coming bcfoie
the Vice-Chancellor, his Honour granted the injunction ; but the Court
net having ordered the agreement to be deli, red, up to be cancelled,
.the question for his Lordship now was, whether the plaintiffs were en-
titled to a decree for that purpose. The defendant alleged that Mr.
Dent had entered into th • agreement to give to him the sum of 25,0004
upon his death, in consideration of his medical a rakes, and out of gra-
titude to him for haying upon several occasions saved his life. His Lord-
ship, after going at Smile length into the facts of the case, which we
'gave at the hearing, stand his opinion to be that the agreement had
been obtained from the t,-•stator by fraud, or such other circumstances
as gave a Court of Equity the right of interfering, and thereibre that
the decree prayed for must be made, the agreement delivered up to be
cancelled, and the defendant must pay the costs of the suit up to the
time of his giving notice to sue in forma pauperis.
