IAY)•

Pti'tchf'
jee;rrtiediti?'ol'll
rt anPP3i,d
brislsavanceoof
better thso:rief
jearerviease re;
ate. 10
Iv than, (here
;ur tout'

il) •••• 03i
ve) • • "
el) ••*;
(new/ if,
. 1
........ 11,
ios,
....... 19' ty.
........
.241.
.......
......
......... 19s 50$
lacl,) 4,i, 45'
44,
...... ..
406',10../V•
LAST„>re,

of !,`L

wendulr'l
;csotone;

WO' AO. k
,is rd, lot
va I 6
......
to, 3pi 21
ive6 4 6 5
co•••
5
;.I`2".*lt°r;:Cac''
I'23°
fo'rigs.
31,00
road; Wl'
'net udl"gotftc;
!1,
t;6°l'oo
I()°frstlh
I‘°f°'
4,04
e 4 5:
pr ••• nlO 4,i!
zig- 6 jr,
, ..... 5
•4
.....

Y.)
I'.
CL 0
t4C fr°
beeo
t-
ace dioo
c
° be ou
1(1 t" doe;
jeep 4 a
jacerii. relar
nn the
,1 the
'i
ougb nj s,:
4, f3,rotig",
it /09LeoliF,
,ter
A-ric)
the 0-

ornit ig„t.in; °t
or
;tar
forrie tot
actiyelYt tb
won
nisters
;
limp
D,
co OOf
iti):; d3):c
buyer
fro.
J, 01 oati o° r
tCe9 A
,t
rO(Cl.
9 ;0.V4
,:goo
bete '

, Sl'
b a'
onla
r
ed ° re,
iifere.f,,
:1i 10
ab°"

eocl'
, ond I,rvid
d Aot
,del re 6
hgenctse,
ep°r
tretti"for
tinge 0
"e 1°
the r 4,
„: di
etar
Core
I to %.,1 topol
ducL--
.t t
be 1'0"
f Nevi °‘i
tinoe to
on y
deter o
to
„§Orte"
t 104
Uri"
ACC°

vir•
Igo hea
0 CP.

Carlaid
Id Wil0
l Ile
es are to
te
raneo"

•
(dot'
from
740 oe
;trA 00
if the 0,1
e lae4dC'

1411
vhRiAL PARLIAMENT
THIS DAY, MONDAr, Illagcu IS.

The
NOUSE OF COMMONS-
-414:,,8.114x1it, took his seat shortly after twelve o'clock.eono.
,tie tif"liliTlN brought in a Bill to enable the 1"
he d in the
4E44, 4 sorance Company to su - s
fiat,. anY Cine of the Directors, .
which was read a first
BIDDULPII,
in. 4 t
Onh moti the'll for repair-
nn nf Mr. the Bi
tiuie. e nlid from Hereford to Worcester was read a second
11r, y,,,,,,.
t3a, soh 'NE presented a petition from Mr. Pemhbieorrt
Was to L'an4i ofCambridge, taking notice of a Bill. wet:on_
ttont and e been brought in for enclosing certain.,
from
being
br waste lands, but which was pr.evente f
the
Standi :ungllt iu, owing to an error, which caused
..ug
ordersactfrier Committee to report that the sf.,toarn:frie
onot tot lie!ri complied with, and praying
twee
~
ing to that decision. The Hon. Member was p
wasa
i°'etrugpu. :tie,: precedent for such a course, when he
I'4 Spc • ••••••
;,.toher at'‘.l(Eß, who suggested that, instead of the
.Hro.in,g.
.. ee 11.'1;104 his motion at present for leave to
rbrti,w,
tad iti th" he had better give notice of it for to.mii
11'. we,th"^tirrie the petition could he presente
,littges„. AKE acceded to the Right Hon Gentleman's
and to ),_ , o tee petition was ordered o
kr, ie. preyed.
4'4;
a " • • t lie
isb table,
o f
I4atstr.SßAW presented a petition from the p
Prayin '" (its We understood) in the county of Suffl,ltt-,
lalint ,gt t° be heard be counsel against the Bill for re
Re..
4,4
t'euetiln,.tritenan.ceof the poor in. that parish.—
Od th ' `4ltumittee on the said Bill.
~
bpsiri. a motion of Mr. PHILLPOTTS the Bill for
tiltenl._a_r,°,ad leading to Tewkesbury, was read a third
kr. LP' ed.
f 4 th ,""OUCHERE obtained leave to bring in
town of
tnte4tter
tuttingreg the market in the I
Air. „4 lbe
yf Somerset.
kin,
_°stil.LElt
Presented a petition from certkaainßpieir; and •::0 tzeter, against the Exeter Wat•-r wdorcommun
per-
and 4 petition front the Mayor, Bailiff,
.an
to lb,
r.of the same city in favour of the Bill. 0 L("4'ittee said
Q the 1 . on the Bill.
Inents
to notion of Mr. PENDARVES, —Referred
the amend-
' Nit, c the Hi-6ton Road Bill were read a' seco.nrodoitimatee.
%Nit,
oARTWHIGHT presented a petition f
4 spa
a road in Warwickshire, Pt aYlng
Si, L'nel aglinst the Birmingham Railroad
to be heard
totnto, ' SIUPWITII brought up the report
. of the
lilliell',.ttee on the London and Birmingham Railway Bill,
li. h"44 firdered to lie upon the table.
• t•rlate‘'i„; W. HARI'I,I( resented a petition frothe
,or kis 1 a to the Greenwich'4P Railway Campany, praying,
,with
the ttZttasion of time, to enable them to
emnipmyitted.
,11,, i„'"g;,,,Nliers, and that the report. be recommitted. qihes '.'`. G presented a petition from St. Luke's,
i°lllo,)ti'llgted by upwards of 1,000 inhabitants, . psrouy;
ktition fr' ',Peal. of the house and windtriw tau.,,terA: Afithael•,lithe parish of St. J ,tnes, 13,.,enstanissemblingSatt.
t,,?aPel at D e.l", ilate ; from a cloingrregaHornsey, and from
tjt:tel
in!, in
th''';'rostitials green ;.dSdtl.
e2t‘i
; yPraying fur the better
ia th4let ofthe SnatYl,.l°)attAhilDaye. Also,
. one from a place
.
shah,.' count
fur the immediate
ia, of
iY of Middlesex, Praying
141% p. b'',Very.
14yallZeof Lit:l3ll3(lerOstNazi:lgletliatot khnadmtv.,kwenhether itihi
ee°ontlaiee;
1,,,u,bi,N 4;4 ,n°,s' to bring up all the petitionspireehadononththaet
•""Jtti, 4-
s'ayerYi as he had a great number up
1. Sir 4
iereff '' keßented b
'4'l
4''''. 411 W observed that the first petititolinetnhwehoicbh_
Vheq4 °f the Sabbath, the
1114" e. sAulbemmbitetredwatso for
House
that
'4l'l:r:'''''ler the uantderstanding, all
11, sPt not to be presented first. petitions o
s "' Al
the If EAXER considered that the coeumrseelypfuarirs.uedFbery
olvlt timber for Middlesex was extremely 4.l'i!hll4.lltarit he was not aware of tetStr A. Abect‘r,i alluded to by the Hon. Member.tunderstan ling
that when the
kenletition '''4NV certainly understood
th qet ~,,,h NI any subject was presented, every
leavyertyhetHooono.
%.41,1„r) had similar petitions was
t.ilit I,'.vi the tiee
1-tqa ‘t,l'''Al(Ell d that, unfortunately. for the
ithtlied'";lkof the fito/bservße:roue,, the first petition
up
on
t-"tst" Hun. iklneCnber for Middlesex was not I'
fort kt. iicif:.et i•f the Sabbath.
impossible
lathe tit'AS considered it would be utterly
of the Hon.
t,,rintt t 0 t 1 t° COlnply with the request
.ons
of a certain
.
to ‘re. 4 reeeive exelosively peiti
satl'r'lit, a bastes
20 0 30 petitions
-., and ~ r ' • d by the Hon. Baronet
to of the course suegeste on different subjects
ItZitttits4l:ted, he sheuld he under the necessity oftahte-
eo44 to :4
e:r day perhaps 1.m.• months,
.ie tbielltiirgehhtet shheoHu..,,,ionse
aetit. t'ot a ,"°' all his petition.
It'lltiii o:euirter.than to take its* old course of receiving
tlikt l' lipbc:ollpcts. .
41:4111eia, '3ON concurred entire
thaup'h b.kit linlade Sty the Hon. Memberlywillfiotrhße,:statot,eon.ients
toti4't Proper ktid, that whareveLecto
with
he
his
app. .
1104, 11, ~, to pursue, would i
thnstti
arch""ust, however, frankly e
trot. the Deb however,
day, with impressions
did
Mate, that he left the
th i,' ' Ron. Baronet opposite.
come to, on
,': Pt, 'l' that , tin- had b en
.'Hefaoredrtiffaieorelynt to
,_oj• ,t'ttati any understani !, .
.u,h.tri ho, (' of a series of petitions.
aih , Rg., 1 sumi an un hada
h:,eamrot iec,unitai
or
the pe l
vllta;''''.l-""'nerri'ln.finil the thatflon.deßrsirr'oniadeltngonb r
for tA•tilii,tio..
th I or; l's' Presented by tile Hon.
rilil,,tzs,..le:tilldh regard) to the
II1.• elitions u dill rent ‘ubjent.
, ,
~,_ pou e tahai'inesfBo'dllitLAxietehsme oldlie
course of
'kt ur,4EaknuplWl'll rose, Hon. .
‘el,rl 'l'4 or -‘"•rta who trusted t thatwasint.er,rual.l)toend
abyd
Membersa..
tot a'l is,•;br'PY the whole of the mornini„
was
1:14,,,N" oli",e'uld end in no gond' He certainly
the Hun.
Le,''''t,' ' tiat understanding alluded to by
_o_, .
thstl (4411 that he understood was, that tree
par,
a.Ntai!oe,dt.•
Pat,„ he had upon a question being
courseP .
being
ti;
~:t1 i'4 no Objection to
any • but the
t'Ll,"'ltio ''',,,-ch W jacceptable to the House ,
' 4 ' the 4'
. he present moment would
qtr kfttriittenriett . question at t
time.
eit„.4tltne to, Wl,h.waste of
..ttifif), . Nervations from SirA. .
\ '
, ,t,, " lo the gallery, the subject
AGNEW,dr,,pped. which
tl'to, 'llfle SLAVERY.
under the
4etr ""t",TON said it was dear that,
oe
of pre-
alaa'i4ta tot i oe should not have an opportuni yet
to
the
itithotiipi otelZtt,l,liiins intrusted to him with
'4 til'!lrlttviti:r>l but he begged to give
44 lii 'toti on :ltaluling that circumstance,
the books
1441:le fi: "It subject, which stood upon
nreosti'cee that he
bring forward
t At . r t°-rnorrow.
Nrktl4,t, THE SABBATH.
aeo te _
d two petitions
'h I:tiff:10g) BULWER pre
1,'%,4 411). Thire, Praying for the better observance of
,;°ta 111\rlit
similar petitions
lotkpAtt,t4,l%l POLKESpresen_tield
llNit.'i Al Layton, and Wells
val,l, inpratyh,erigeofuonrtyth"ef
land IN tif s° it petition from .
-tali,iseorl4,t;el4tilect,, Also a peituitiNonuerfft,o,:tkn, trheespl%efei.itg,iusgtirrat,ties
the 4 Yt4,4 a of a hundred .
Also a petition
Aii 4titt, ,t of L I ourers Bill.
l'l' (.''o r n la gainst the duty on taxeddceaarletres.
° nd. ilit;'„,' ""tr"n' a'. petition from the . f
t)e4,i-. It , ' i T presented
4ltinkletiot:ufacturers of, soap afinthoD,e.robtyyshire, praying or
l'illieto the total re
in favour
i 1 !11::1 ' 1'',,!1) 'el °l•n:a fnrcuemo fpptaehraei s ohes
Sabbath.in D
e i b Y s 1'
i re'
I • tla ' ''CONNOR presented a petition from. the
;ts4ll'f ti, 1
and Bancroft,- in Scotland, against the
Ith ete; -411eY
..
stsiel,kilt •.Y, of Cork, the names of w bk.
l''
Qst '.°ll,ve Bill. Also, similar petitions..fhromeopoaldrisohoest
Csth''tl•tlleLtittaie Railer): Also,. a petition from Ballyhay,
Pay tit"
in which it
to
I,:tl.4,tht,ttits`t'titi,tl had in manyt parts was
of stated
that
countytbat the
ofthe Protestant Est%
,iiautitatost Olt t he suppor
was
neither church nor
ughl),,,,Pttiti)lateol..
.there
141.41,,m1k fr: within many miles. of them.—(Hear.
~
en)
~i)ealetit' I,llt,rto the parish of Cashoe,argh, Turmade ,
Kiltnahan, and
.
toutst:l't 'i'11111,„ gtti, Church
of
Cork,To
against the. Irish
7town Y,Or .oti,t'o% the parish of Gilocroydin! ln 1
411„tatounif.l'eek?giaitist etithe and church rates ; from thre,
,'"' Xilp,,- filei-idi against the exaction tollso!Kiu acahnee
,;°4ll,l,iii.i'ttatie, from the united parishes of
-,4 ttr 0:gOih:;10 the t of Cork, i-
41 ti4e
' 1' ai,•'''°R e county
lyto support what the i
petl
Drimalee,
471:.creoft_:41t4
oTarl;ele.rgy ;
from the parish
against tithes,. aonod-
t•% to ' G %ern() •the county of Ti
I,:i'st ti 2 arta 1.4)11c, against tithe +; from othlrempoa,rriashryes,
th_ tioti, rand , re, in
r." Pet itio.' Of Couri;PUry p
Kiblallandr in
ysterri ; and from :71: °l;ttliitei
til,eti, ~a,e,(l for
wc,u
itdlie,lroenpeeasla t oi !fy the
the Union,
pen p l
e.whTiaiiihri
*Peel f,'"tle, I "Melt that he supported the prayer of a
14444 t°h.,ttbteilit,k,titrZe ess,pzeiaolly- that which. called for .
I
anqui state.
.1.141' at 11-I',o.°untir never
tea.,
the
apme Trieontrs from. Cork
`94tee ''' Nill'll. ROBERT TAYLOR.
.rom
11(4,,,' vtivy
~41.1)s
fc ur, t layi,,""saerou ,Pres!'ot,e4 a petition
. f
•eY, fu . Low sIY signed, pzapeg that the Rev.
Gaol,
r'°fiderie r 1)141,41 confined in Hursemonger-pine t .
Mane
'MI rie ' qs,the :41Y, be released, and expressing ).-
l'nruit 11'11 7t, b '"in'iouers that the Christian religion
.anchesteer. „4Y1t4404•' -tt'l by persecution similar to that
) -44Plahli 'tie also presie..-ted a petition from
bt of the ;monopoly .enjoyed by the

King's Printer, and that enjoyed by those who printed
the Bible. The petitioners stated that, from the evidence
that had transpired, it was clear that the object for which
the monopoly was granted had entirely failed, and they
called the a'ren'ion of the House to the •alutarc benrfits
which would result, if the Scriptures were printed and pub-
lished at a cheaper rate than at present. He also presented a
petition from Manchester, agreed to at a public meet-
ing, in favour of the Bill for shortening the hours
of labour in factories to ten hours per day. The
Honourable Member stated, that although he did not
at present exactly coincide in the proposition to
limit the hours of labour by any legislative enactment, still
he wag ope❑ to conviction, and would listen with atten-
tion to any arguments in its favour, when the proper time
should arrive f r discussing it.
The Host. MEMBER then presented a petition from the
Jews residing in and near Minchester, praying for the
removal of the disabilities under which they laboured, and
paying that they might be enablel to enjoy the same
rights and privileges as their Christian fellow subjacts.
Also one from the inh ibitants of Manchester, very nume-
rously signed, to the same effect.
Colonel WILLIAMS bad been requested to support the
prayer of these petitions, which he did most cordially
he hoped the question would be soon brought be-
fore the House, and finally disposed of in the liberal
manner which was now expected by the country.
Mr. COBBETT said he could not sit and hear any
Hon. Member state that the Jews had a right to the de-
m rands that were now made for them, without asking the
House whether it was prepared to do away with all the
law of the land as laid down by the great authorities—whe-
thi-r, in fact, it was prepared to pass a law that would
legally abolish Christianity in England. It was stared
that the Jews were peaceable men, but it was well known
that that peacefulness of conduct was assumed for
a particular motive, to which he would not
farther allude at that time. They had always been try-
ing to get into power, and they had at one time suc-
ceeded; but it was found, at the end of the year, that
the law had again to be abolish. d. He called upon Hon.
Members not to be led away by this cry of liberality, nor
to allow those who daily blasphemed Christ, to have all
the privileges which had been secured to Christians in this
Christian country.

Mr. HODGSON presented a petition from the teachers
in Sunday .chools at Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and one from
Westcot, in the county of Northumberland, praying for the
better observance of the Sabbath.

Petitions to the same effect were presented by Mr. A.
JOHNSTONE, from the Presbyteries of Stirling, Dum-
fermline, Kirkaldv, and Haddington ; from Dollar, Pres-
tonkirk, Corder, Kinlossie. Dyke, the Sc.ittish Church in
Regent-square, and from two Dissenting Congregations in
Nottingham.
The HON. MEMBER also presented a petition from the
Presbytery of Newcastle-upon-Tyne for the immediate
abolition of negro slavery. The Hon- Member also pre-
sented two petitions, one from Kirkcudbright, and the
other from Cupar, for the abolition of church patronage.
'I he lion. Member also presented a petition from the in-
lialiitants of Portsmouth and Portseit, praying the House
to reflect seriously before they passed a Bill, giving to the
enemies of the Christian faith a relief from the disabili-
ties under which they now lahoured.
Mr. Alderman WOOD presented a petition from the
dealers of soap in the neighbourhood of London, signed
by upwards of 600 persons, complaining of the interrup •
tion to their trade by the heavy duties which were placed
upon that article, rendering it impossible for them to com-
pete with the foreigner in that article. The Hon. Mem-
ber stated that the duty on the soap made use of by the
lower and middle classes was 120 per cent., while that
consumed by the rich did not pay more than 50 per cent.
The Hon. Member considered that there was great neces-
sity fir taking off this tax altogether, and lie trusted Mi-
nisters wou.d do so if some substitute for it could be found.

Mr. BRISCOE concurred entirely in what had fallen
from the Hon. Alderman.

Mr. FINN made a few observations, which were in-
audible in the gallery.
Mr. COBBETT said the Hon. Alderman bad hoped
that the Chancellor of the Exchequer would be enabled to
repeal this tax. Whether that Noble Lord would do en
he did not know, hut this he knew, that the House was
able to prevent him having this tax any loneer—(Laireh-
ter)—and to his mind the way to teach the Noble
Lord how ro do without the tax, was not to let him
have it.—(Continued laughter.) Here was another in-
stance, added to the many he had brought forward,
the other day, where the poor were taxed in a much greater
degree than the rich. Even in the common article of
soap, which might be made for twopence-halfpenny a
pLund, the poor were made to pay sevenpence or eight-
pence for it. The poor were made to pay 120 per cent,
while the rich only paid 50. He should like to know ihe
motive for all thi-. The Noble Lord had ascrib.d to him
on a previous occasion bad motives. Now he judged of
motives by acts; and who could doubt that the tax on
soap was for the purpose of oppressing the poor, and re-
lieving the rich from it?
Mr LAMB stated that his Noble Friend, the Chan-
cellor of the Exchequer, was at present engaged in a
most important ',Doccanittee, and he was sorry his Noble
Friend was not in the House ; in the meantime, however,
if it was aereeable tb the Hon. Member to make short
'yet-et es, he hoped the House would not take the aster-
ti .ns for granted, until the person who was most compe-
tent had an opportunity of answering them.
Mr. Alderman WOOD said it was quite clear when
soap was charged with a duty of 28• per cwt., that the
poorer classes, who used the common soap, paid much
dearer for it than the higher cla..ses, who used a more ex-
pensive soap. The duty should he repealed altogether, or
so altered as to make it an ad valorem duty.
The petition was ordered to lie on the tank.
The Worthy ALDERMAN next preserved a petition from
certain citizens of London, complaining of the condition or
hackney-carriages, and praying for some remedy by enact-
ment. Also a petition from the Rector and Churchwardens
of St. Bartholomew the Great, in the city of London,
in favour of the Bill to restrain persons from labouring on
the Sabbath Day. He had also a petition signed by a
most philantnropic character, Mr. James White, a free-
holder of Devonshire, residing in Plymouth, who had
from time to rime intrusted him with petitions, whenever
a Turnpike Bill was brought into the House, praying
that poor people might have footpaths reserved to
them. He (Mr. Alderman Wood) hoped, that when
the General Turnpike Bill came on for discussion,
this subject would be taken into their serious consi
deration. Also a petition from certain persons in
the borough of Southwark against the Irish Coercive
Bill. He begged to state that on a former occasion, on
giving his opinion on that subject, be had beets misun-
derstood, in reference to a Company belonging
to the City of London, which had land in Ireland.
He did not alaide, at all events he hail no intention to
allude, to the Merchant Tailors' Company, which had no
land in its own possession in Ireland, but to the Fishmonger,'
Company, to which he himself belonged. That Company
had only had their land 10 years, during which time they
had laid out 70,000/. upon it. The people who lived
on it were convortable and happy, and the only complaint
they had to make was against the tithe system.
Mr. COBBETT begged it might not be forgotten that
the commonest paper used by the poor, paid the same
duty as the finest gilt edged, used by the gentry.
Colonel BUTLER ro.e to present several petitions.
The first was from Ballyhale, and the second was from
Paltlaon, signed by five hundred persons, and the
third was from Powerstown, in Kilkenny, all against
the Irish Coercive Bill. Also a petition from Callan, praying
for the repeal of the Union. The petitioners complained
of the state of poverty to which they were reduced by
the Union. He begged to say that he had carefully read
the petition, and quite agreed with those who drew it up,
that nothing could compensate Ireland for the loss of her
Legislature. He lied further a petition from Ballyhane
and another parish in Kilkenny, against the present tithe
system. The petitioners were of opinleic, that if the
Government took the Church property into its own hands,
it would be possible to exonerate the people from pay-
mept of tithes. He agreed with them in opinion, and in
order to convince the House of the real value of church
property, he would read the particulars of 4 document
which be had carefully gone over. In a parish of the
diocese of Ossory, in the county of Kilkenny, not far from
where he resided, there was a portion of land, amounting
to 407 acres, 2 roods, and 30 perches, belongin; to the
Bishop, for which the occupying and ostensible tenants
paid a rent of 658/ ss. Old., being an average of about
325. an acre. The I.l;ishop of the diocese received from
this land, of which lie was (he head landlord, a
rent of only 2s. 6d. per acre, and Is. 4(1. by way
of renewal fine, making together 3s. 9d. per acre, or
I.Bth, at, near as might be of the actu A value of the land.
The Noble Lord (the Chancellor of the Exchequer) when
he had spoken about the Bishop nut utting waive one-
sixth of the actual value of the land, inateaui of saying he
would take means to enable them to get their full value,
and thus support the clergy entirely out of the church
lands, and retn;:t tithes, talked of the vested rights of the
tenants, and of allowing:hem to perpetuate those rights on
the payment of 63- ye us' purchase of the ...eel they paid,
which he (Colonel Butler) should call a perpetuation of the
plender of the Church. The Noble Lord the Chancellor
of the Excbtiuer seemed to think that these individuals had
a right to take advoltsge pf the situation in which they
stood with respect to the 13iahops, bu poptended that

they had no more right to do es; than the peasant tvho
wished to perpetuate his lease under the Rockite system.
He had also a petition to present from Liadowny against
the tithes, and praying for a repeal of the Union.
Mr. FINN oid not want the Hon. Alderman behind
him to apprise him o.at a wealthy company in the North
of England lived on good terms with their tenantry.
They received 84,000/. in rents in the course of the year;
they expended 70,000/. in improvements, and were blessed
by the owners resoling on their own property. But
Ireland could not in any way be compared to that condition
of things. One of the petitions which had just been
presented, alluded to a nobleman who was in the
receipt of about 20.0001. a year from Ireland, and
20 000/. from England. He ventured to assert, that that
Nobleman did not expend 2001. a-year in Ireland, and in
all prottabilits, at least the lOurth of his income was ex-
pended in England. Was it to be wondered at then that
theie should be so much discontent among the poor
tenantry of Ireland while there was contentment among
the tenantry in England? Five millions of money came out
of Ireland to this country a year, and nothing could have
been more injurious to Ireland than the system of absentee.
ism which had been so long known. The gentry withdrew
from :heir country—their moral influence was also with-
drawn—the employment which a residence there would
give to the poor was likewise withdrawn, and everything
contributed in that way to distress the already afflicted
people of Ireland.
Mr. SULLIVAN presented a petition from the parish
of St. John's, in the city of Kilkenny, against the Coer-
cive Bill. Also a petition from the Ti fetes' Political Union of
the same city to the same effect. It stated about 70 persons
had been sentenced to transportation for life at the Kilkenny
assiz-s which had just terminated, and that that was a
sufficient proof that the laws as they at present existed, if
properly exercised, were sufficient for all the exigencies of
the state of the country. The Hon. Member presented
several other petitions from Kilkenny, praying that the.
Coercive Bill might not pass into a law.
Mr. FINN rose to call the attention of the House, in a
particular manner, to one of the petitions the Hun. Mem-
ber had presented, which he regarded as a most important
document. In the other House of Parliament it had been
stated, as a ground for the necessity of this coercive
measure, that Juries in Ireland could not be found
to do their duty.--(Hear, hear.) This petition
had falsified that statement in the most decisive manner,
because it stated, that no less than 70 convictions had
taken place in Kilkenny itself. He would venture to
assert that instead of no convictions taking place, in the
present state of the minds of Jurors, persons would be
too easily convisted—( Hear, i ear)—and many con
victitins would take place in casts where there ought to
be verdicts of acquitial. He (Mr. F.) recollected a case
i❑ which, by his own exertions, he had saved an innocent
person from punishment after a conviction, from feeling
satisfied in his own mind that he was innocent, and by
afterwards proving, to the satisfaction of the Government,
that the verdict was wrung. There were also the circum-
stances concerning the murder of Mara, and the execution
of the six men who were supposed to have committed the
murder, which were not to be forgotten. It was
shown to demonstration that no less than five
of those individuate who had been executed, were per-
fectly innocent of the off nee imputed to them, and in
respect of which they suffered the extreme penalty of the
law. The five real murderers were subsequently
known, but could trot be convicted from want of sufficient
evidence. It was true that the English and Scotch een-
tlemen did not k❑ow how justice was administered in
Irelanl.—(Ht ar, hear, hear.) It was true its ad-
ministratio❑ was a mockery, but not a mockery
in the sense in which Ministers bad stated
it to tie—it was a mockery; from the circumstance of the
poor not being able to defend themselves, but having to
submit to the prosecutions of the rich and isfluential,
whether rightly or wrongly ; and he was sure that many
innocent individuals were convicted, and suffered the
sentence of the law.

Mr. RUTHVEN said he had been requested to support
some of the petitions presented by the Hon. Member. He
(lid so with great satisfaction, especi illy that one which
came from the Political Union of Kilkenny.
Mr. B. CARTER presented a petition from an indi-
vidual of the name of Moses Solomon praying that
that House would relieve the Jews from the disabilities
under which they laboured ; also one to the same effect
!roar the Jews of Portsmouth and its neighbourhood.
A'so a petition from the snap dealers of Portsmouth, pray-
ing tor the repeal of the tax upon that article; and one
from Bedford, praying for the better observance of the
Sabbath.

An iiON. MEMBER stated that having the honour to
represent the county from which these petitions came,
he had been tequ sted to give all the support which
laid in his power to the prayer contained in it. He
hoped that his Majesty's Ministers would be able to make
such reductions in the expenditure as would
enable them either to reduce, or totally to repeal,
that tax which pressed so heavily on the
poorer classes. As to the question of slavery, his mind
had long been made up, and tie trusted that the measure
about to be introduced by the Ministers would be such
that conscientiously he might be able to support it• He
cot ilially supported the prayer of the petition.
Ali-. BETHEL presented petitions from Draypeol and
Howdeu. praying for the better observance of the Sabbath.
Mr. MARSHALL presented a petition from Leeds,
signed by 18,800 persons, praying for the abolitio❑ of
slavery. The Hun. Member considered the present peti •
lion was a proof that the interest that had been taken by
the people of Yorkshire in the abolition of slavery had
❑, t in the !eon diminished. The Hon. Member also
p eseniea a similar petition from Gil iersome.
Lord MORPETH, in rising to support the prayer of
the pe itien from Leeds, observed that it might be consi-
dered obtrusive on trie part of Members for Counties, to
come forward to support the prryer of a petition coining
from boroughs in that county ; but be considered that if,
at any time, the Member for a county was justified in
c dning •orward for this purpose, it was on the presenta-
ton of a petition from the must important town in the
West R ding of Y••rkshire, a community that had been
more prominent in their opposition to negro slavery, than
stay other part of the British empire.
Mr. S RICKLAND ..14) expresssed his entire con.
currenee with the prayer of the petition.
Mr. COBBE FT said, that how far Members for coun-
ties might tie jus itied in supporting the prayer of petitions
coming from the boroughs in that comity, was, in his opi-
n on, a question that had much Netter be let alone. To
ais mind, however, it w,s a matter of discretion, and
any Hon. Member had a right to do wh it he pleased. With
respect •o the matter of the petition, his constituents wished
as much as any set of me❑ could do that neer.) slavery
should be abolished, but they had expressed their desire,
before that abolition took place, to know whether the
' Negroes were fed worse or clothed worse than they were.
Ills (Mr. C.'s) opinion, was, and he knew something of the
matter, that they were both fed and clothed a great deal better
than thelworking p ople in England, Ireland, and Scotland.
He should like for some Member, when the Bill should be
brought before the House, to submit some statement which
would show the comparative modes of treatment in the
two eases. He was aware of the zeal of many Members,
and that some bad cases had been produced merely- to
suit their particular views. He was confident that many
Members had been much misled on the subject.—(Hear,
hear, hear.) For his own part, he had told his con-
stituents that he would vote for the Bill, merely to
please them ; but ii thz House went into an examination
of the mode of treating negroes in the West Indies, and the
mode of treating the poor people of England, Ireland, and
Scotland, lie was sure that it would be found that the
latter were by far the worse off.
Mr. A. JOHNSTONE said he was in the Committee
appointed last year, and ha vas of a❑ entirely different
opinion from the Hon. Member who had just sat down.
He begged to refer that Hon. Member to the report of that
Committee, and he was sure that if the Hon. Member
would persue it dispassionately, he would come to the con-
clusion that, however badly off the labouring population of
this kingdom sys, the Slave population of the West Indies
was far worse.

Mr. MARSHALL presented two petitions from Leeds,
one against the Irish Coercive Bill, and the other praying
for some legislative enactment to remove the present re-
strictions on the Brazil trade.

Mr. JOHN FIELDEN presented three petitions
from Oldham, and read them at length, but
owing to the low tone in which the Hon. Gentleman
spoke, not a word he uttered reiy2lied the gallery. When
he had done reading the petition,
Mr. COBBETT said that the petitions of the
people were at least worthy of being listened to by forty
Members, and as there was not that number present, he
begged to move that the House be counted,
An HON. MEMBER Observed that the *resolution of the
House only required twenty to be present.
Mr. COBBETT—That is suff►rient to enable the
Speaker to take the chair, hut ❑ot co keep it.
An MN: MEMBER.. There are really forty Members
present. I think, and at any rate I hope, that the Hon.
Member will not interrupt the presentation of petitions
upon such a doubtful point.
The gallery wa© then cleared, but no division took
place, Mr. CI:T3Eri. having cooser4ed ;o withdraw his
motion.

Mr. FIELDEN presented a petition from Todmorden,
praying fur a Repeal of the Taxes on Malt, and the Abo-

lition of Titteg ; one from Isiewortia, praying for a
repeal of the soap duties and the assessed taxes,
from Bowling against slavery, in favour of the Ten
Hours Factory Bill ; anti from the frame-work netters of
a place in Nottinghamshire, praying for a reduction of the
duties on the necessaries of life.
The Speaker then left the Chair.

MARYLEBONE ELECTION-(THIS DAY.)

STATE OF THE POLL-TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Hope
Whalley
Murray ... 479
Murphy
TWO O'CLOCK.

Whalley
Hope
Murray
Murphy

The Rev. ROBERT HALL once observed of
Bishop WsTsoist, that " he married public virtue in his
early days, hut seemed for ever afterwards to be quarrelling
with his wife."

Sir F. BURDETT, it is now finally settled,
will shortly he elevated to the dignity of a Peerage.—
Court Journal. _

An affair of honour, attended by some
curious circumstances, has taken place this week at Ta.
vistock, but we forbear publishing the particulars at pre-
sent —Devonport Telegraph.
ROCHDALE FLANNEL MARKET.— On
Monday last, during the early part of the day, business
was rather slack ; but in the afternoon it was brisk, and
a very great quantity of low and middling qualities were
quickly sold. Finer sorts continue rather dull.—lllan-
chester Courier.

Earl FITZWILLIAM, it is expected, will
shortly be elevated to the dignity of Marquis of ROCKING..
11A31, an honour which the present Ministers intended for
his venerable father, had his health enabled him to take
his seat in Parliament.— Court Journal.

The engagement of Mr. LISTON and Ma-
dame VESTRIS, by M. LA PORTE, for Covent-garden
Theatre, is settled; they are to appear a week after
Sister.

SHERIDAN KNOWLES'S, play, The Widow
of Antwerp, was read on Wednesday in the Green-room
of Covent-garden Theatre. Report speaks in high terms
of the language and situations of this piece, the plot of
which is quite original. Miss ELLEN TREE is to sustain
the leading character, that of the Widow, which has been
written expressly for her.
On Saturday the anniversary of the Benevo-
lent Society of St. Patrick was celebrated at the Free-
mason's Tavern, Great Queen-str,-et. The Marquis of
AEERCORN was in the chair, and among the guests were,
Mr. STANLEY, Mr. O'CONNELL, the Duke of NORTH UM-
BERLA ND, and the Bishop of DERRY.
A public meeting of the parishioners of St.
George's, Hanover-square, was held on Friday, at which
a petition was agreed to for the repeal of the house and
window duties. 3. S. PENLEA SE, Esq., was in the
chair, supported by Sir F. BunnErr and several other
gentlemen.
_ _

The Rev. Dr. PROSSER has generously sig-
❑ified his intention to give 1,000/. for the endowment of
the parochial school at Easington, which was erected at
his expense, and principally supported by his purse, while
rector of that parish.— Tyne Mercury.
COUNTY KILKENNY.—A letter was received
in town yesterday, stating that forty persons had been ap-
prehended in the county of Kilkenny. The charge against
them was supposed to he connected with Whitefootism,—
Dublin Morning Register.

ASHBOURNE CHEESE FAIR.—At this fair,
held on Tuesday, there was a great supply of cheese.
Prices varied from 4.45. to 58s. per ext., hut for the greater
part 52e. to 555. were obtained.—Macclesfield Courier.
We observe that Mr. W. L. REDE'S benefit
is fixed for to-night at the City Theatre; he is well known
as an actor, and his dramas of the Loves of the Angels,
judgment of Paris, Rake's Progress, and Loves of the
Devils, have enjoyed great popularity. He announces a
n,w drama, called the Barn Burners, and other attractive
novelties.
CHOLERA AND REFORM.—At a certain
village, in Dorsetshire, during the agitation of the Reform
Bill, and the prevalence of the Cholera Morhus, the
Clergyman's lady gave flannel away to various poor
families, .and among the rest, three women waited on tha
lady for their share. On leaving the house, one sail, " I
save Bet, what's thee got?"—" Three yards." ' What'.
thee got. Nance?"—" About five." " Dang it, I got
seven ; blessed if that ere cholera arn't worth two
Reform Bills."—Bath Herald.

DECLARATION OF MAGISTRATES IN
NEWRY. —We perceive by the Newry Examiner, that a
number of Magistrates assembled at Banbridge, on
the 12th of this month, and entered into resolutions
contradictory, in the most distinct terms, of the
allegation made by the Dean of DROMORE, that they had
refused to attend with the military to aid the Reverend
Gentleman in the collection of his tithes. These Magis-
trates also state that there is no organized opposition to
tithes in the country; but there is a great unwillingness
to pay tithes to non-resident dignitaries. Amongst the
Magistrates by whom these resolutions are signed, is a
rector of the Established Church.—Dublin Freeman's
Journal.

BRADFORD, THURSDAY EVENING.—OUr
Stuff Market has been rather flatter than last week, espe-
cially in low goods. Prices continue Rauch the same.
We had few foreign buyers. Wools are stiff and firm ;
hut prices are not higher.—Leeds Mercury.
HUDDERSFIELD MARKET.—Considerable
business was done in the market on Tuesday last; but as
th. old goods are getting nearly done, and the new ones
ate not so cheap, it is not improbable that sales will be-
come mare difficult.—Leeds Mercury.

THREE MURDERS.--In our last we gave an
account of the very outrageous and riotous conduct of
t, t. people, on Wednesday last, at the steeple chase, at
Turtola, outside Thurles; three men were on their way
home, waylaid, and at the back of Mr. LANGLEY'S
orchar.l, at Archerstown, set on so violently, that two of
the name of RYAN, were killed, and the other so savagely
beaten that he since died. One of the RY4NS was from
Kyle, and a respectable farmer; his tongue was forced
consider •bly outside his mouth, and his skull was dread-
fully fractured. The bodies were found on Friday in
a ditch outside the orchard already alluded W.—Clow/lel
Herald.

A few evenings since, as the inmates of a
house in the village of Pool were retiring to rest, the
father who had gone to the childrens' bed for the purpose
of composing them to sleep, fancied that he heard some-
thing crack, no sooner had he turned into his own bed,
than a part of the roof fell in, and on looking about he
perceived that a part of the front wall was gone. He
lost no time in hurrying his wife and children out in a
state of nudity, and had scarcely done so, before his house
and part of his garden were run into a shaft. Had they
retired a little earlier and gone to sleep, they must all
have inevitably perished.—Cornwall Gazelle,

PRESBYTERY OF ANNAN.-TuE REV. E.
IRVlNG.—Wednesday this Presbytery met for the purpose
of trying the Rev. E IRVING on a charge of heresy, hat.
ing published works objectionable in point of doctrine as
well 'as derogatory to the honour and character of the
Church of
reehi,of Scotland. Mr. IRVING, at great length, de-
fended the doctrines which he had published, and quoted
several passiges rem Scripture in proof of their truth.
the right 4f the General Assembly to interfere
with him. Mr. SLOAN, Mi. DUNCAN, Mr. NIVISON,
and Mr. ItIoNILAws delivered their opinions condemning
the doctrines as being contrary to the standards of the
Church, and as Mr. IRVING had avowed them, sentence
of deposition ought to be passed upon h;m. The MODE•
ItAOE. wa.: about to proceed to the solemn duty which had
devolved upon him, and, as a preliminary, requested Mr.
SLOAN, the senior member of Presbytery, t t offer up a
prayer to Almighty GOD, when a vuiee tvr,:,, heard
from the pew in which Mr. Irtviss. was seated,
and which immediately was found to be that of
Mr. Dow, late minister of Irongray,
Ari.e, depart—Arise, depart,R;e ye out, flee
ye out of Lee—ye cannot pray. How can ye
pray to Christ, whom ye deny ? Ye cannot pray—depart
depart—flee flee." As he uttered these words his
cimnte
unanra tasrtipnl4.a
assumed the ie appearance timtla of are the in-
fluenceabevratton of mind, and though
interrupted by repented cries of "Order," he continued with
little abatement till exhaustion forced him to conclude.
The assembly, which
was
very
numerous, t.,nd had acted
is the most becotning manner, ucw became confused, and
gr. D.ow rose to leave the house, leading Mr. IRVING
after him. Air. I. lifted up his hand as he was going,
Ghost
said,
host ye n
have
noowt
heard
the
d?Asvomicae of
nyasthwe
ill Holyobey
the Holy Ghost—follow." The two gentlemen, along
with several Others who belonged to their party, having
left the church, Mr,
StoA.r.4 prayed, and the MODERATOR
then solemnly pronounced the sentence of deposition. The
Presbytery, being closed I,y a blessing, Was dismissed.—
Edinburgh Evening Courant,
