MACADAMIZED STREETS.

By the Bill now before the House of Commons, for vesting in
the Commissioners of Land Revenue the powers of several Acts
for the improvement of the streets near Westminster Ball and the
two Houses of Parliament, authority is proposed WAN given to
the Paving Committees of the several parishes ofVoitutinster,
(with the exception of that of St. George, lianoverAuare, which
is regulated by a special Act just passed) and the parishes of St.
Marylebone and St. Pancras, to convert any of the carriage pave-
ments into Macadatnized roads, on the application of a certain
proportion of the occupiers of houses in the respective streets.-.,
As the experiment which has been made of Macadamizing Regent»
street, Portland-place, &c. has been !land t, answer eonyletely
it is to be hoped that the inhabitants mirth of the broad streets at
the west end of the town will avail themselves of the power to be
given them by this 11111 as soon'as- it is passed.

On Tuesday last, a young gentleman, named Staple-
ton, from Bath, accompanied by a young lady, arrived-
at the Bush inn in haste, changed horses, and instantly
set off for, the far-famed temple. of Hymen in•the north.
„:
On their return frOm Gretna they found the bridegroom' s
father. (who, it appears, is the young lady's guardian)
at Carlisle, whither he had followed them, having
previously encountered him at Penrith, and escaped
from him. They showered their favours very plenti-.
fully, we are um, and set off again together for the
south on the following day.--Carlisle Patriot. • • •

It appears that no actual loss of life was occasioned
by the fail of a scaffolding in the neighbourhood of
the City-road, during the exhibition of Mr. Green's
balloon on Tuesday, afternoon, but several persons
were very grievously injured. Five of those who have
suffered most severely are now lying in St. Bartholo-
mew's Hospital, viz. three men with legs or thighs
broken, a boy with a broken ann, and a young woman
with a broken leg. They are all, however, hi a fa-
vourable way of recovery.

A GAY DECEIVER.--.A very ettrious andamufing
ease came on in the Court d'AShillet4 in Paris, on the 14th. A.
Count Zaphinoff was accused of bigamy. It appeared, however;
in, the courae of the proceedings, that although he sported the title,
and gave himself out its an officer of distinction, and possessed of
great wealth in Russia, he waft only a Greek tradetenen, of the
name of Constantine Zaphiropotdo, not worth a farthing. /kW,
however, contrived to get into French society, and then wiled
away the heart of Mademobwelie Manduit tie Doitiset, a midi%
lady, of the timely age of 0, with 10,000 francs (1(101.) a-year.
He Nettled an her, with the utmost munificence, his lands at
Kerson, Pepemka, Odessa, Taganrog, awl other places, to the
amount of 1,200,000 francs (48,000/.) Their happintos, in spite
of this liberality, was of short duration. He maltreated .her
so, that after some complaints to the police, a temporary
separation took place, during which time the poor lady discovered
that her husband was an impostor, and his estate in mailbox. She
found out also that he had a wife living at Zunte, of the name of
Marie Verestia. Iler agent, whom she sent to Greece, obtained.
this lady's dechtmtion before a Notary ; that she had been married
at Quin to Zaphiropoulo, who afterwards abandoned her.; that
she had been left in the greatest misery ; that he had embarked
in the capacity of clerk in a vessel under the French flag, mid
gone to Malta, where be lived with a woman, by whom lot
had several children ; that she afterwards gave bin. up,
obtained a divorce from the Greek Patriarch, married
again, buried her second husband, and took a third, whom she
also survived. She.gave a description of hit person, as being
long and thin, strong and well mule, with a brown tairoplezion
and long nose, handsome teeth, and small feet, with marks on his
shouldersouth as sailors are fond of putting on themseive.--,41.
which corresponded with the accused, He strongly denied the
first marriage; and, after a speech, which drew tears from the
eyes of all the ladies present, he was acquitted, and poor Madame
Manduit de Boisset cannot get rid of itlm, Her evidence of the
manner In which he won her heart was arousing, Monsieur
lived in the same house with mss-..he wore three decorations—
and called himself Count de Zaphiruff, a superior officer in the
service of the Emperor of Russia. One day that we were toge-
ther, he told use that he loved me very much, and would make
me the most happy of women—that he was immensely rich—
that at that very Moment, to be sure, he only received 2A to
80,000 fr. (1,0001. to 1,2001.) a-year—but that his property
lay at Kerala), chl ssa, Taganrog, tite.--aud, unfortunately, 1 he-
Herod him."

HAY NIARKETS--(Tuts Day.)
(At per load of 38 trusses.)
Jastrn.—Coarse heavy Lowland Itleadow Hay, faunal
2/. 101. to 3/. 10s. ; fine Upland Window and Rye Gras* Hay,
8/. 10s. to 51. ; Glaser Huy, 8,1. lON to 1,!. 10s. ; Oat Straw,
11. 148. to 1/. 18s. ; Wheat Straw, it. 18s. to 21. 2s, •Itsieli
kind of Hay (thinigh the highest quotations were not very cur.
rent), Ss., and Straw from 4r. to Os., per load higher-
an
Tuesday. A moderate supply, and a toll ably bri'k
81141TRFIEL/I.—COMIC heavy Lowland liratiow
IV. Os. to 81. ; fins Upland Meadow 1,141.45.;
31. Os. to 4/. oa. ; Clover Hay, generally, 144 Wheat
ordinary tine, 41. 15s, ; Ont Straw), 14:" rather brisk,
Straw, 18.. to 2/. go. Supply
I and prices stationary. • - t.
than

- '

,:~:.,,

THE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY EXTRACTS FROM TU MORNING PAPERS,
MAY 18, 1826.

[THE TIMES.]

Ve-pereeive that the fall of Missolonghi has ex-
am& some uneasiness among the friends of Greece,
for the ultimate. condition of that long-suffering and
interesting country. In making known the above un-
fortunate event en Monday last, we thought it right
to add, that the final issue of the war was not likely,
iu our judgment, to depend on any relative superiority,
attainable through military successes, by the Turkish
Government over the Greek .nation.; and such is our
conviction still, The readers of the Times may rely
upon the information conveyed to them, and repeated,
in former numbers of this journal, on the authority of
our foreign correspondents, as to the nature and po-
litical results of his Grace the Duke of Wellington's
embassy to, the Court of St. Petersburgh. On that
subject, we distinctly stated, that the Duke only
failed where failure was inevitable, in the efforts
'which he was officially compelled to make, for pre-
venting, if such a thing Were possible, a contest be-
tween the Rusian empire and the Porte, on points
not immediately connected with the war now
raging between the Greeks and the latter Power.—
The Dulie of Wellington, it is said, although that is
now a useless question, left England at too late a pe-
riod to have any chance of succeeding in that branch
of his negotiation which related to the direct quarrel
between the Porte and Russia. - The mind of Ni-
cholas, of the Russian people, and of the Turks,
were all too ripe for an appeal to force to be checked
'by the, interference of diplomacy. A knowledge of its
own p.o,iyef in one party, and an utter ignorance or dis-
regard Of its real importance in the other, with the ten-
dentOftime itself to confirm each of them in its re-
spective dispositions, had outstripped the British Am-
bassador, and defeated him before he took the field.—
Nicholas, as we have already said, protested against the
intemie4dling of any foreign States in a quarrel speci-
fically and essentially Russian, which touched the rights
of his'crown, and the interests as well as the spirit of his
people; the duty imposed upon him with regard to which
had been but a little while before declared and pointed
out to him by the deliberate policy of his brother.—
Respecting Greece, however, the. Duke succeeded in a
manner the most absolute and complete. The inde-
pendence of Greece was secured by his representations
to the Russian Cabinet. Her release from Turkey
was not left contingent on the precarious issue of her
owls military resources and exertions. Her fortresses
Might be captgred, and her brave men slaughtered,
and legions 46F. Arabs might overrun the fields of the
Mores : but the resolution was announced by England,
and. Russia concurred in it unequivocally, that Greece
should no longer exist as a slave to the Turks. Let,
therefore, the friends of general liberty dismiss their fears
for the result of this sanguinary conflict; Greece will ere
long be free ; and instead of the fliture being rendered
more doubtful by the fall of the fortress recently cap-
tured,—an event calamitous only for the innocent blood
which it has cost,—we are inclined to think that the
moment of liberation to the Greeks will be hastened
by it rather than retarded. Turkey will become more
insolent and unsparing England therefore must, for
the sake of honour and humanity, be more prompt in
the development of her policy, and more vigorous
and peremptory in its enforcement. If, indeed, we
have allowed that the point of the late negotiation
which miscarried was one which no address nor talent
could then have secured-430 we are bound to express
our regret that the object which has been attained with
Russia by negotiation has not been more energetically
followed up and realized in favour of ,Greece by our
diplomatic agents at Constantinople. Thongh the
end will be the same, a frightful mass of intermediate
suffering has already flowed from the vain attempt to
apply the instrument of reasoning, where cannon-
balls only were likely to obtain a hearing.

[MORNING lIRRALD,3
no Magistrates in the vicinity of London; from a
nice regard to public morals and the preservation, of
oder, have of late made remarkable inroads on the
periodical recreations of the working and more simple
dasses of the community. They have already abo-
lished several of the fairs, and they are engaged in dis-
.
rto end Litigation against, the continuance of others.
their conduct has given rise to some controversy and
fnueli difference of opinion. But whether right or
Cirong—whetlier their zeal be reasonable and com-
mendable, or affected and overstrained—whether their
views be legal and liberal, or whether they are, like
,r Load Angelo," in authority " precise"—in any
ease they ought to be bound by their own prin-
Oipleli---they ought 'to be impartial. Why then is
it ,that we bear of no interference of Magistrates,
no resolution passed at Sessions for the aboli-
tion of that unseemly and disorderly exhibition—
the Eton montern, which has just taken place ?
None but those who have early prejudices from
early association, or they who can bring themselves
-to think that the .glitter and embroidery of rank
arid dresses can cover brigandage and baseness,
With their multitudinous deformities—can, after a

moment's candid reflection, suppose the Eton mon-
b.lent less obnoxious, in point of decency, order,
and morality, .than Smithfield or'Greenwich fairs., As
lib the thing itself, in the abstract, it is a relic of the
Aosthitrisin, or, if you please, the simplicity of an early
and, should long since have ceased to exist, ex-
'':tifting Only in reCOrd, is a trait of early manners; like
'`t ti of Prince Henry and his associates
,against-tlic King's subjects, on the King's highway,
the antiquarian critics on Shakspeare 'have
.discovared,sonie authorityof fact. It is true the mon.
tern contribution is Levied in open day, and is more like
'a'illeatrical fiction than a reality. But no argument
. qrF.inppOsition' can extricatnit from the dilemma of
being a forced or a- mendieant contribution ; unless it
be considered a sort of composite of hoth, like the man.
in Gil who, having.placea his cap on the high-.
way, iinpin:etl- charity in the name of the Holy Virgin,
cd behind the h
edg°' hip un levelled at shoot-
pedistance, with a precision rirresietibly,Perimainve.
any siipPosition—of its being compulsory
eleernallywity, or sothething eornpOnnded of -both,
is nruicetnly—.lndeod -disgraceful.: If the ohject. be to
4th/1111ga and reward youthful talent, by a: sum of
rr ,C 9 assist the' scholar in following his atudici; 41,
the .UttiVersith let tile fun(l4be raised iri some other
"ind4mojactionable way. ro moat 'CaSeS, too,
expentes'of school, aduzation at Eton,, and
the condition of those who send, their children thitler;
the amount collected can hardly.l3e a matter essential
to them in the future prosecution of their studies. To
the boys, whose morals are surely as much deserving of
vigilance as those of the London frequenters of fairs,
'At as an occasion of gross licence---a Saturnaliin 6111111 i.

cipation from discipline, sobriety, and decorum. But
bn the score of the great abuse—the temptations and
opportunities for depredation—which has been princi-
pally urged against the periodical assemblages of the
common people, the viontent is more obnoxious than
any. The crowds are as great—the temptations greater
—and if the depredations are less flagrant, it is not
beciuse there is a less concourse of depredators, but
because better, arrangements are made to watch and
check them. The amusements of the people have the
right of ancient prescription as well as the monton,
with no difference but that the latter is aristocratical—
which, though it may confer privilege in fact, does not
so in justice, or reason, or common fairness.

[NEW TIMES.]
Mr. Hume, in his late Resolutions on the State of
the—Nation, deduced some inferences, which we con-.
ceive to he erroneous, from the Poor Rafe returns an-
nually laid before Parliament. He contended that
the pressure of the Poor Rates should be estimated,
not by their money amount, but by their corn value,
and arguing upon this basis, he found that the amount
,raised in the year ending on the 25th of March, 1824,
was much heavier than that raised in the year ending
.on the 25th of March, 1813 The same line of ar-
gument was adopted in the Times of yesterday ; and
yet a moment's reflection will show, that nothing can
be more fallacious. The price of wheat is affected by
so many cOntingencies, that it is, of all merchandia-
able articles, the 'very last which should be taken as
a standard of value. We haVe before us a scale of
the.prices of corn, meat, coals, mechanics' wages, and
various other articles, from year to year, throughout
the whole of the late war, and' a moment's in-
spection shows, that the fluctuations' in •the price
of wheat were' ten times as great and rapid as
those of any other article. The year 1812, which
is fixed on for the comparison, happened to be the
dearest year for corn ever known in England, the
average being 1225. Bd. per quarter ; but in only three
ears afterwards, it fell -to 635. Bd. No such fall,
however, was observable in the Poor Rates, nor
could it be so ; for the money applied to the mainte-
nance of the poor is not wholly, nor even chiefly,
expended • in the purchase of wheaten bread.—
Very opposite conclusions might be drawn from a
comparison of the Wheat Prices with the Poor Rate
Returns, in different years. Take, for instance, .the
average of the Poor Rates for the three years ending
in March, 1821, which amounted to 7,273,0001.,
while the average price of wheat was about 68s. Bd.;
the Poor Rates then would be equal to about
2,118,000 quarters of wheat ; whereas, four years
afterwards,when the population had probably increased
seven per cent., and the money price might have been
expected to be equal to 2,266,000 quarters ;
it was only equal to 1,832,000 quarters, being
5,786,0001., with a wheat average of about 635. 2d.
—There is a manifest absurdity in assuming that
pauperism is most prevalent when food is cheapest ;
and yet this is the real basis of the argument used by
the Times and Mr. Hume. In the years 1822,
1823, and 1824, the money amount of the Poor
Rates varied very little ; whereas the wheat prices
varied from 435. 3d. in 1822; to 625. in 1824, and,
consequently, upon the hypothesis which we are com-
bating, the pressure of the Poor Rates must have
been half as light again in the latter year as it had
been in the former, which certainly was not the case.
We arc far from denying that pauperism is a tre-
mendous evil; and we think that the system of paying
the wages of labour out of the Poor Rates, which has
mainly contributed to augment this evil, should be re-
strained, or, if possible, prohibited altogether. At the
same time it is to be observed, that this system adds
much more in appearance than in reality to the burthen
of those Rates., Of the five millions and three quar-
ters levied and expended in the shatie of Rates, per-
haps four millions would be paid in the shape of
wages, if the law, or rather the perversion of the law,
did not authorise a commutation, of no real utility to
the. employer, and of serious injury to the moral cha-
racter of the labourer.

[THE REPRESENTATIVE.'
A pamphlet just published, upon the increasing
Importance of the British West Indian, possessions,
complains, that in the discussions which have been
held, both in and out of Parliament, upon our West
India affairs, the interests of the Planters, and of
their slaves, have almost exclusively absorbed the
attention of the disputants ; while those of the Bri-
tish Empire which are equally involved in the con-
sequences of the issue of the contest, appear either
to have escaped notice altogether, 'or have been so
feebly advocated, as to cause surprise to the thinking
part of the nation, who are fully aware of the import-
ance of our possessions in that quarter of the globe.
It requires only a cursory view of the debates in Par-
liament on the subject to be convinced of the justice
of this remark. It certainly has been treated in a
great measure as a question between slave and pro-
prietor, without consideration of what is due to the
public good, which all parties must admit should be
preferred to the interests of either. We find Mem-
bers in the French Senate speaking with contempt
of Colonies; and this conduct may become them,
because they feel their own deficiency in that source
of. strength,; but it should be otherwise in' England,
the prosperity of which is allowed to be interwoven
with the, preservation of our Colonies. That the
system of slavery is intrinsically vicious, ' and its
abolition desirable—that the rights of ie Planter
in respect of his slave, guaranteed as they are by
custom and the laws, cannot be set aside without
injustice—are points that cannot be fairly disputed;
but, whatever• importance may be attached to them,
they are subordinate interests, which must yield
to the good of the State. We must therefore
applaud the determination of Government, as ex-
pi essed by the Right Ilcmourable Secretary for Fo-
reign Affairs, to enforce the late Orders in Council
respecting the treatment of slaves in the West Indies,
without minding whether it be agreeable to them or
their masters. At the same time we must confess,
that, with 'the sincerest dislike to the existence of
shvery, we cannot approve the conduct of those who
demand its immediate and unconditional abolition ;
first, because the Planter should not be stripped of his
rights without compensation ; and, 'secondly, because
to give perfect freedom to the slave, before he is qua-
lined to exercise it, would, instead of improving, only
tleteriwate his condition.

t - It ptain
':`j ft TOW) CI aCt7M'S TANC E.—The brig Medusa,
Arpelt d :terse', while on the passage from
I A Guayra to 'Liverpoo lost a portion of her spars
4
tind fat& in it thuuder-atorm, in 114.33. 38. long. 58.
12., during which the electric fluid destroyed the
magnetic power of the compasses on board ; two of
which were on deck, and two in the cabin. Mr. C.
Jones, optician, has examined the compasses, and
finds they have entirely lost their attractive powers.

. i ,

TURF INTELLIGENCE EXTRA.

I have heard of riding wagon where hones have been nimbler than
the sands that run i' the clock's behalf."--SitaksettattE.

YORK SPRING MEETING, 1826.
YORK, MAY
The betting last night, and this morning up to twelve o'clock,
at the York Tavern Rooms, was brisk, making Belzoni the first
favourite, as a matter of course, and leaving Bedlamite at nearly
the same odds as before. Paul Pry was brought out, and backed
at 1$ to 1. The odds are as under :
DONCASTEIi ST. LEGER.
41 to 1 agst Beim; 11l to 1 agst Fanny
Bto I agst ttedlamite 111 to agst Paul. Pry
14 to I agst Crusader 20 to 1 agst Pirate
15 t.> 1 agst 'The Pra!ton '2l; to :1 agst any other.
No other Stakes mentioned.
The weather to-day has been very fine, and the sport tolerably
good, thoughinferior to that of yesterday. The following is a
statement :
The Two-yr-old Stakes of SO soy. each, 10 soy. ft. T.Y. C.
Duke of Leeds's gr. c. by Grey Middleham 0 1
Mr. Riddell's ch. c. Hartsbury, by Abjer 0 2
Mr. Jaques's c.h. f. sister to Ringlet
Mr. T. 0. Powlett's gr. e. by Androssan 4
The Gold Cup, value 100 soy_' by a Subscription of 20 soy.
each; all ages. Two miles.
Sir M. W. Rititey's b. f. Fleur de Lie 1
Lord-Kelburne's ch. e. Aaron - 2
Mr. Russell's h. c. The Alderman - 0
Mr. Petre's ch. h. Der Freischutz - 0
Lord Kelburne's bl. h. Jerry - - 0
Four paid—A beautiful race, but won cleverly at last.
The Shorts.—Sweepstakes of 50 sovs. each, h. ft. Last mile.
Lord Kennedy's eh. c. Bedlamite - 1
Lord Milton's ch. c. Barataria - 2
Lord Queensberry's b. c. The Constable
Sir Wm. 141ilner'a ch. c. by Amatli.s - 4
Mr. Duncombe's b. c. by St. Helena - 5
Won very easy.
The Filly Stakes of 20 sovs. each, for three-year olds. Last mile
and a half.
Lord Muncaster's bay, Garcia - - 1
Sir E. Dodinvorth's ch. Miss Patrick -
• Lord Kennedy's bl, Mary Ann - - S
Lord Milton's bay, Theodosia - - 4
Duke of Leeds's hay by Whisker - 5
