that the appointment of a Commi.dou which would press the
;ad. . %vial

last ten years tray have quail led me to form some ce..ir:',tart4if,tef
r, leo,. ; s iia GT advaiireges of shyers in a .pangs., coioelyss
...c,:
first proposition—" That slavery has alwas had with the'SOarae 1.
a peculiar character of mildness,' is one that Itieeesaciittataa in
nts
books so often, and heard laid down so frequent'yll tilltea gea
who have resided in Cuba, by naval officers who bait. efsited the.,_
shores and harbours of that island, and by transient visitors
sWa."
have made tours of pleasure or winter journey, in pursuit of
.11
ern:
from one large town on the coast to another ; and seen theiht i r
economy of one or two estates of opulent proprietors, what 'in inour
our colonies would be called " crack plantatioes," that I really feel
_.
astonished at the amount of error that prevails on tale itilij,ar _
error so great, and held by men entitled to credit, thed:l lal.
sometimes felt absolutely doubtful of the eva lence of my own aim le
and when the irresistible conviction of the excessive' rigotaCt
slavery in Cuba has been fore-'d on my mini, end whenal havea__
i
dwelt on the appalling scenes I have witnessed, it ofteu'aeeotueu_
hopeless to me, and even imprudent for me, to attempt to disabuse
socf
the public mind, and to set my experience against the op,nto,ora
many people whose sentiments on any other subjeet I Coetisi 7°.
entitled to respect. But on a question of such vastimPortan.e
and where erroneous 'sentiments are calculate. to do so much ~
In-
jury to the objects of the solicitude of- anti-slavery exertion, it
would be an act o leowardice to suppress the truth,-or at least P
.....
strong persuasion of it, in defererce 'to error, however
.generaolitja.
diffused or honestly adhered to, it may be., Teese trroheotis e.er.
elusions, that Spanish alavary is of a p cularly mild. ch4l.:cr, be
are arrived at by four ways of viewing this question ;
,they le Y
briefly stated as . follows :--alst. It Is concluded, that 'becatrae thea,
laws for the government of slaves in the Spanish colorriesailta. mild' s
that these laws are executed, and the slaves are happy. r 2ds.tit."e
considered by some who visit the large seaport.toe tis, at' t"
istic
condition of the predial slaves is similar- to that of the tiSn" ',,,.,
servants, and that because the latter are lszy, w. 11 red. andeleeet '7.
ewitt.
clad, and lightly worked negroes, ti.e poor field slats are .14
~,,,
idle and indulged, kindly treated and centente I slaVeis a':14.0u'e.,..
condition of the slaves is judgedsof by men who esivasin7
u:::,.
diate interest in slavery, bur. who have long resided la Shi*.:4o,_
tries, or been on stations where opeeroiiiities of
~ iA•fo.:g ,
ocf
colonies have made them -acquainted wails The lerigtfielotT.,,,,
'estates, and in course of time fainiltar see Jr "thaia eieil
ti`,.,
favourable to their int: rests and at - leileth -eccustateed.l."
..,..
evils of slavery, and insensible to the sutforeigs- of I'6 iqcteibt7
4,11. The tr atment of sese; in general in Cotes and
.esew
oef.
is inquired into by transient visitors and sou ists at thiatiblou
._
the planters, over the wine of the slaveholdere-aatel sehre
etsr,
ofo
is drowned in hospitality, and the legitimate itiquisitiyenceo_.!
a stranger's curiosity is merged in a courteous aagities 7
with the sentiment., or at least the statements of. a liberal
crenter-
tainer, and a gentlemanlike host. Now, Sit, of thiae tkifo,
the
w ,ys of coming towards- conclusions, it is evident that it le tn `
first the signal error of your Repent' is to be attriautede 'I fart,s
you admit that your opinion of the mildness .of Spanish' Slaveruy:
derived from the royal ordinances eird laws
tion of it. I freely grant that th) apirit. of • these' layi a:eels! eu
nances is humane, but the great question is, are sisal laws cote'lo
pat ible wit Is the. interests of the slave-o-wrors ? Are I ii'aY.Psue.t
es,
execution ? Negro slavery, as it ever has eiciateillln *. Nest
India India Colonies, has been a condition in which- Ole 'profi,toen,
to the master of unpaid labour, for the time la• lng, has, alas made fot._ :the rcg
or
:1.
rendered the happiness of the labourer a question of coMpar tlr`o.
unimportance. What you, Sir, would call humanity to tir.ne.ifire
there is not a proprietor in Cuba who would not"deem' t..i101"....d
to the planter. You =list legislate pattially; IMMairey,ona...._"
yet efficiently, for any slave colony" in a prosperous conti..,o°
you may pass measures of general effect' for the total ett? ill:.
roe orectun,nl
of slavery, but you can carry none into execution
modifying its nature, and leaving unpaid labour to be ',Virg
.1..
of Its victims, while a show is made of surrounding it! crl.Pcee
sion with humane arrangements, duly detailed in the fta'Ya_l of
dulas, and set forth in legal books with all the solemn ma,a,laer,l
in
Spanish law. Sir, your Reports state as a curious annP,a_lssere
the history of Spanish slaves, that while the Indiana wereaf.
_e:v`ea
by the Spaniards with such terrible cruelty, the neg,roeS,.ite':
new
known, have always been trea•ed with peccliar mildness,," i
'rithiof
hardly remind you, that while the poor Indiana Wetea!!.; e co
under the lash of the most unmitigated cruelty the worlel. 'ter ...L.
that period ever saw, while the Spanish colonies were eat
rigour of
of.
Hating the whole race of their victims by the astounding aiblire.re'lsa
their slavery, the Kings of Spain were dictating benevolent
.puees,
and humane ordinances for the treatment of the unfortunateaTfee
while the Council of the Indies were continually framinglaws .
'butioa-
the better regulation of the " repartimientos," or distil.
ae,
of the natives—while the heads of the Spanish Church, theri,ero.
politicians of the day—half statesmen hall churchmen—Weree
_.,,,e,
sterol)/ sending out missions and commissions to co-operat.s.7lo
the Illustrious Apostle of the Indies, the protector of the
that was
—in fact, while all tire machinery of the goVeenment tehttionw
et
fiur thousand miles off' was brought t r bear on this tin f _in,
the amelioration of slavery in the Si apish colonies, yet Oaeder
Clans perished in the mines, they died under the lash,.. staltue"roee
famine in caves, or scught in voluntary death a finalreftlen'er ee
Spanish cruelty. Yes, the whole race perished, while the hieesaus,
Spain and its Ministers were framing lass imprecticable,,l!„ 0
they were partial, measures of eclief, for the' oreservatt7ole
their Indian subjects. Let me tell
.you, Sir, the same, rrf,,,,,ies
system of cruelty is going on this . day in. the Spanish.. eet7
the
—the same terrible evils are silently In operation. Change,, end
term Indians for Negroes, the word mines for
,pfantatione
over
in every other respect the same bloodY. "tragedy 0- aCtingcraet
again—the same frightful work of extermination, the, sant.,oo,
mockery of staying the evil by laws without enforeenv t c
?nee; into
without a hope being entertained of tilde being carried
effect, is now practising in New Spain, and the awful waste ag,'ie up
lifo that in the time of the Indians was fora liMited petied. nreiew.
by the ravages of the man-robbers on the aso-ests 'of cite by
World, has now for three centuries been ailed- upin-Claha alone.unt a
an annual importation that has now reeched to. tlaa.aFeroi,,s,
25,000 stolen men from the shores of Africa. _lf;it 6El,l7Striated
as your Report states, that negro slaves have aiwoys treAkat tbe
wi:h peculiar mildness in the Spanish colortieaoit,ol°%v, rare'
slaves of the island of Cuba, for example, are O-C,osl.tet'a"..,l eta
that, therefore, they are not over-worked, nor. ttPat4lffq? • nu, and
clad ; that the st x a ere equalized, that the imoeteli, tyl.'/Vlaroeuee
time increase by brtes. considerable; that the antiOn„K '
11? Ithan it
At the Wednesday meeting of the Anti-Slavery Cdnvention the
brained by the labour of a given number Or. slaveasifae,..s o
,i, ,e is
subject of the extraordinary error - generally prevaleht in France
has been in f ricer years in the British colonies; thaelattr-
,eeettant
en, England on the question of slavery in Cuba, arid the treatment
considerable number o:aged slaves on the p.tats:S; fliat. ti!,.q'7 ;,:-., s
of slaves in Seanish colonies, was taken op by Dr. R. R. 31adden, e
warners are allowed exeniptin from hard fleet labsoe. in tlaa " ily
gentleman holding during tie last four years the situation of super. r usua
cr eight weeks of their pregnency, that the actualise art not -
f. is,e
iiitendent of liberated negroes at _the Havana; and on this most
flogged; that the children are instructed its the eastalatntta ose or
important sueject Dr. Madden addressed the meeting in the follow.
Christian faith; that the negrues. on the t“2;rs:ate matt? la, 4Mg words4—Sir— lam so fully aware that ms isah7tiOdo not qualify
ministers of religion s that thcy are Stiff red to aetend
et:peace me for the task that has been assignea me, and my state of health
worship on the Sabba belay; that it is not lawful ,to. _:tr Itt the0 „
renders me so unequal to it, Abet nothing but .a strong sense of the
down by dogs when tie); arc fugitives frem the estates at :tofuwile-
mst...see or the question I have been retitle:red to afford some
they are scouiged 'to de.ith or killed by aaoleisee, the WI e Ina:
mation on could surmount the rattaame I feel at preseistins,
who is their murderer may be brought to justice, and punished wit'
myself before a pubic meeting, and especially beaire s nib an essem.
toy as this, where, if I felt a m nnentary satisfaction in being tecoe_ tee utmost rigour of Ilse law—Lot hot one of I heie: niers'lre°
of justice, or means of. protection for the predial slaves sillknecr"
sized here as one who at !east was known ta be willing to serve
to exist in Cubs—not a single one of these I have pointed -ea i* to
this cause—who had wa;ked sifter the hearse of slavery in Juna:ea—
be looked for to the law, and yet the law. allows these thil4s, a'r,
assisted likewise in that country at the obsequies of the am-voice. .
selemilly co !demos every withdrawal of them. But die law 'vs,:
ship system, and employed a practised eye for acme years past ill
never trainee with soy reasonable prospect of itsbelng etifeieced, it.
taking the measure of the grain of slavery in Cuba itself;—if in
rever has been enforced, and, what is more, it never can. he ee
anything I have encountered us toil or peril in this cause, in whose
forced, against the planters woo are the transgresSors ;of- it, be,... service 1 have spent the last sever years, I may say, not in the
cause, in fact, these ere.the men who are entrusted with the elaas
peaceful closets of philanthropy, but in the field of slavery itself,: nut
cution of it. In the towns and cities the case is, anetee,4, Pitrerse.,, as a mercenary, if you will, bat as a soldier ;at all events, if any
with the domestic slaves—but-what a smaltpurtion do .theae for''
such feeling of pride was excited, the foolishness of it would be
of the number of slaves in Cuba ? Thee domestic "slaves, condition surely rebuked by the presence and the learning of those men who
cially those of the opulent proprietors, 'comparing theite Otanne'°";
have long toiled in. this
-cause, but most especially of those men
with that of the predial slaves, may be said to berintinatOirc er
from America who have come as one great cloud of witnesses across.
state. d. They have the power, in the large towns
.and cities. lc
the Atlantic. and made you acquainted, not only with the wrongs of 'availing themselves of the privileges the.law accords tlatan:
e._
their black brethren, but likewise personally so with the hero c
courage and untiring energies which they have devoted to this they have a harsh owner, they may demand • permission to,eeittb!.:
other master, and it is compulscry en that question. It has been my fortune to have visited America three
either for the sum he paid for them, or at such a ritc as the
times during the last six years, and to have been afforded an ample
Sindico, or the special protector of the slaves and the Jude! mat
._,
opportunity of observing these truly noble men in the sphere of
determine, in consideration of any reasonable ipereasee its tiler:
their own duties and dangers—for these are never separated in
tstrad or
s
Plaster ..t9 nu theta
America ; and if I had reason to rejoice for no other cause to have eta., or in consequence of their having iicen teeght.
taken a part in these proceedings than to have been permitted to calling.v But how is the predial stave to availhianeel
agal privileges ? The officers cf justice in the country-
towns era
bear my feeble test mony to th • constancy of the courage of these
I usually slave-hoiders theinsclves; the estate' . May be. ten,, idneee
brave, bold men, the most virtuous and amiable withal I ever knew
twenty miles distant from a town, the Sindichs,
,the.4l,cao,isit
engaged in public strife, the most strongly actuated by high and
time Capitanos de partidos, all are p'anters. The idea or a Pre" .0
generous motives, and the least influenced by anything vain or he Want
slave going to the mayoral or ovtrseer, and telling hilt}
another
selfish—l would rejoice to have this occasion of recording my hum.
" a paper" —a permission for two or three dais to :siceit anc;"t;
ble opinion of their worth. And yet I have heard these men court.
master (buscaramo), would be laughed at in Cuba ; the. ~.e.
celled here to be more moderate in their language and more men- l'e ef theft:
nate more who would make so daring an . attempt to obtain
non.;
sured in their rebukes. Why this is the counsel that ever has been
rights, -would, in all probability, be flozge:l on the spot ;.liVlare given to persecuted men ; they are told they should " let the sweat
leave the estate to seek the Sindic3 in any adjoining towns!,
of agony flow more decorously down their foreheads—they should
were he
_w°
a el, no matter what injustice may be done him, groan in melody," and murmur their complaints in softer whispers.
pass hia master's gate, he would be subjected to punishment.. " b°3cl..
Were these the accents which your own reformers spoke in, In far-
teiajo," without appeal as a fugitive, and if he still presumed to talk met times ? Are these the accents which great complaints, real or
or the law, and to insist on being taken before a Magistrate tocelatteda"
imaginary, have ever been proffered in, or in which those who ut.
the privileges which that law gave him, he would then be tr, , tered them have made them to be redressed ? We are told that in
o ith a degree of rigour "beyond the law," as an insolent and re"
the early ages of Christianity slavery was known to exist, and slaves
to ‘",. I ellious slave. But granting that he succeeded in getting
have been heal by„Christians, even in the times of the Apostles.. It
S lel co, tire Alealde, or the Cepitano de partidos, whii chance 0.1
is some consolation to know, however, that although there were justice hasan unfortunate slave in Cuba against the .itraverfui 'nee
slaves in the early ages of Christianity, there have been martyrs in
flueilce of a rich, and. perhaps a tit csl, owner ? The-planter is t"
the latter ages of slavery; and one of those noble soldiers
friend of the authorities of his district, they dare not.diaoblige him,i
of the cross wire sealed the covenant of truth with his blood in
and if they dared, they are at last to be. gained over by a bribe, °r
those early times has declared that there were two kinds of mar_ and
t rid of by a remonstrance to the Governor, and a suitable Pa_
tyrdom—one that gained the crown by the exercise of a sudden
seat to the assessor of the Governor, who is one of the great! '
act of Christian fortitude,—the other, that was a perpetual mar- be
oa:cers of the Crown. How in the name of common sense is the
tyrdom that lasted during life, and only ended with it. And this
law to be looked to in a Spanish colony for the mitigation at' t 7"
was the highest martyrdom of all. This is the kind of sufferieg
evils of slavery, or the protection of the sieve ? The. excellence
07,
arid of sacrifice our friends in America have undergone, and are
the Spanish civil law is admitted by every one, yet the iniquitY
..
daily undergoing there. As for the assertion that there have-been
Spanish tributi ls, the corruption of Spanish Judges,_ and
was the case; but for what purpose are the smouldering ashes of the*he 1
.I_l
slaves in the early ages of Christianity, 1 for one admit that such
comparable v.llany of Spanish lawyers, is proverbial In allthe cola-
-1 i s of Spain . Justice is bought and sold in Cuba with as scandala:•
Hebrew customs and usages, that were suffered to exist in those
publicity as the bozal slaves are bought and sold in the barracchels
early times of Christianity, to be raked up ? Surely if there:be any
Is there a man in Cuba who had suffered wrong in propeetY or
thing more evident than another in the whole history of religion,
pee son who would be mad enough to go for redress into a centres;
it is this, that whatever revelation has been made to us from on -
law, end expect to obtain it by t i usting solely to the merits of 4iscase.
high, the whole course of God's teaching and communication has
How then are we to expect from any code for the regutation of rte-
been been of a progressive character; and that from the beginning of
gr r shivery justice for the creole who has not the means to buY tr.'s,.
that teaching to the period of the greatest revelation of all, that or to e 0",..
Judge 1 How are we to expect to restrain the cruelty, progressive character has been seen in the course of the develop_
tro: the cupidity of men who have the means to bribe the bench. o'•
merit or the higher truths arid mete exalted doctrines that were
every tribunal in the land, to make " inatireeno. '' • s these.eolictalle
taught, and that no violent disruption from what had gone before s, a _ •
~ the
Cons are called, with the sons, and servants, the foll4skan ' na
was permitted ; but, in the words of Augustin, that it was oppa.
familiars of the Judges in their cause? is it then to seiPtAs a-t 0
rently the inscrutab'e pleasure of Providence " that the synagogue
laws, to parchment justice, or to stet ute-book henocilence,z./e are ..
should be buried with horror." And with it was iriferred those
look for that peculiar character of mildness
.which your. ,fleWt as'
of which were tolerated, perhaps, on account of the hardness
of heart, which hail given a temporary sanction to other usages no
sures us is the characteristic of siavery iniiipanish colts elm? Stu'l;
what we know afslavery in every country where it has existed shot'
longer in existence. But the subject I have to speak to you on is -
be sufficient to satisfy every enlightened person that bondage is 50
te
,
man to deal with—namely, the state of slavery in Cuba, and on this
of somewhat a more practical kttiii, and such as befits a practical
evil ti. at cannot be mitigated by any partial measures of relo7o g°,b-e
subject I have encountered so much error, both at house and ahroed
( essentially to serve the slave, to improve thesystem, to humanise• ,
i master, rind the. to benefit society at, arge. But in Cuba it is It°l
that I have fen it my duty to give very particular talent oil to it.
1 that I have heard or read of the atrocities of Spanish slavery, but
of the report presented by Mons A. de Tocquevirle to the Chamber
saw them with my own eyes. I lived for a whole year at the I"'
of Deputies on the 23d of duly, 1839, in the name of the Commie_ saw
before I rould s i far disembarrass myself of the merchant.,"
planter influenee of that place (tha deadening influence of a.laleLl
sion charged with the examinatiou of the proposition relative to the
slaves of the French colonies, I find a very important error, and ,
~ " one not only prevalent in France, but in this country also, on the war.) steals so imperceptibly over the feelings of atrangers int°,
subjectof the treatment of negroes held in bondage in the alienist) West Indies), as to form an opinion for myself, and to trust r
e7:l
colonies, which, if allowed to pass uncontradicted, might hereafter, own senses alone for a knowledge of the condition of the P r.he
slaves. It was only wnen I visited estates not as a, guest ca `',"-,
expose that valuable report to censure, and lead to the adoption of proprietors, seeing through the eyes of my hospitable hosts, Wink"
measure., for the nominal amelioration of slavery in the French colo-
nies, which would prove abortive. At page 17 of the published ing as they thought, ane believing as they saw tit to ad P
mi
°f
report, I find it state;! that "itis of public n ,toriety in the New my credulity the customary after-dinner dose of the felicity_ex,
World that slavery has always had with the Spmiards a peculiar slaves—it was only when I went alone, and unknown ape 01? ..„,
l'ected on their estates that the terrible trocities of Spanish slave',
character. of mildness; one can convince himself of this in reading
astounded my senses. I have already said, and I repeat,the wtt,i,s;
over the ordinances matte by the Kings of Spain, at an epoch when,
so terrible were these atrocities,- so murderous the sY.'-;,
amongst the other nations of Europe, the laws for the government of slavery, so transcendent the evils I witnessed. 'c—
ol' slaves were so strongly tinctured with barbarity. The Spaniards
all I had ever heard or seen of the rigour of slivery elselaW":4'
who allowed themselves so cruel towards the Indians, have always
that at first I could hardly believe the evidence of my set;
ruled their slaves with a singular humanity. Li their colonies the
Nay, I have known men of great intelligence, one in partivi.";;
distinction between blacks and whites was less than in all the others, whom it was of great consequence to have well informed, .°e;
and the authority of the owner resembled more that of a father of a
this subject, and whom I myself accompanied over several cat..--,..
family than ofd master. The slave, better treated in these colonies, in various parts of the country,. and here in Cuba, so terrible sree,
sighed less after liberty, which ought to be preceded by arduous ex- I the admissions made by the maaora:s or overseers on the estates Wre,..
ertion ; hence the legislator accorded him a right which he very set- visqed, tibet he could not believe he heard correctly the aceoun ;
dons wished to avail himself of." Now, in the above statement, there I that were given to us, even by the managers themselves, of ' tot
are six distinct propositions, and five of them are entirely erroneous, friglitful rigour of the treatment they descritsed. Till this gen.;
namely these: Ist. That negro slavery has always had in the Spanish man (who, I have some reason to believe, is known to you, one;
dominions' a peculiar character of mildness." 2d. That any sufficient I conclude, esteemed) and myself, made partially known st't".-o
proof of such a character could be fairly drawn from the ordinances Havana the evils that had come to our knowledge, on the Ing-,-,
of the Kings of Spain for the government of their distinct colonies. ' estates especially, there were British and Other foreign merehar'',
3d. That the Spaniards, who heti. been
_such cruel masters to the in that city, who had resided there for years, who said they weir
Indians, " had always treated their slaves with singular humanity." utterly Ignorant of these evils, but, like the framers ,of Ye'l
4th. That the authority of the master resembles that of a father of Report, having read certain laws fur the protection of slaves.'all—
a family. - sth. That in consequence of good :tad humane treat- I seen certain cedulas for the nominal mitigations of Of cruelties
ment the slaves seldom desired to avail themselves of the privi-
lfge of claiming 'their freedom by purchase; and the only atate_ of slavery, they actually imagined that the laws were of,
50,4
1 the negroes happy and humanely treated. With respect to 01,
meat that is really correct in the whole passage, is contained in these , own experience, it is not by particular instances of' cruelty or
words---"•In these colonies the distinction between blacks and oppression the fact is to be established that slavery ins Cuba is na°r:
whites was less than in all the others," presuming the meaning of de,tructive to human life, more pernicious to society, delaradi,t
the observation to be thateimongst the Spaniards the prejudice I
ito the slave, and debasing to the master, re fatal to hea'
against the stolen people of Africa, on account of their complexion, and happiness, than in any other staeesooteingpetintrY on •• the;
is' less than amongst the colonists of other European Slates. ! face of the habitable globe. Instances of cruelty enough n 0 dotal)*
Such unquestionably is the fact, and there is too much Moorish have come to my knowledge of the murder of negroes, perpetritett
blood, In the veins of the descendants of the old "Conquestadorath" With impunity, of men literally scourged to death, of women torn„
for the feeling to be otherwise. Tolerably welt aeouainetend
bothwi from their children, and separated from them; of estates where 5.-•
some of the British West India islands, with one of tlnadihaying aged negro is not to be seen—where the females do not tprm a third'
previously and subsequently to the act of emanciatinn,
at
brought part of the slave population, nay, of estates where there is not a"
seen something of slavery in many eastern countries,
n held in Seigle female; of labour in the time of crop on the sugar propertie°'
perhaps some little knowledge of the condition of me 1 g twenty continued ho a of sin-
anxious inquiry frequently for upwards
slavery to the subject which has been the object of . months 'n the year, seldom oru",
with. me' during a residence of upwards of three years in a Spanish der fire and of the gene--
never un ,
_the gene-'
me
nearly four hundred ral imp ession prevailing on this subject, and generally acted „,
colony where slavery flourishes, and where.
Perhaps
thousand human beings, exist in that condition. tits ex- 1 y the proprietors, that four hours' sleep •sufficient generally
a siav'" hese cases, Sir, were I to bring them beforeli su
ewithoutel. a shad,
tensive acquaintance with slavery in varioue countries during the sou . _ _
cf co'ourlng to he hthe
g ten effect of the raked eunine Of 5"

i , :~ ..

of the Convention perfectly pmettcable.
Colonel AIILLER said, that alter all the reproaches addressed
to America for the sanction which she gave to slavery, the
same system existed under British rule.' The English people
should not permit such a state of things.
The resolutions were then put, and unanimously adopted.
SLAVERY IN TEXAS.
Mr. J. G. BIRNEY read a report of the Committee ap-
pointed to consider the state of slavery in Texas, which con-
cluded with a recommendation that the Government of Texas
should not be recognised by any other State until they had re-
scinded the resolution they had passed on the subject of slave-
holding. That resolution was to the effect that no master
conk', liberate his slaves without the permission of the local
Gover:ment, and that the Government could not pass an Act
of liberation without the permission of the masters. They
hid thus taken the most effectual step for the perpetuation ,:f
slavery which human ingenuity could devise. By another en-
actment in force its Texas. no man of black colour was allowed
to remain there and retain his freedom, and he should imme-
diately retire from the province, or become a slave.—(Hear,
hear.) He was glad to have heard a statement from Mr.
O'Connell, that while such acts were enforced no Ministry in
this country could date to aeknowledga the independence of
Texas.—(Hear, hear.) He submitted the resolutions to the
meeting, with a hope that they would be adopted without any
discussion.

Mr. FOSTER. moved lhat the resolutions should be adopted.
Mr. STAUNTON, of New York. seconded the motion.
The motion was put and carried unanimously.
comrENsATioN.

The Rev. Mr. BURNET moved a resolution to the effeet.that
" as it was essentially unjust on the part of man to claim a
right of property in his fellow-man that Conventiot: was of
opinion that the sl ye-holder, in ceasing from his wrong was
entitled to no compens ilium either from the slave himiell, or
front t e Government under which he lived, for any 10-s he
might sustain by an Emancipation Act." Ihe ltev. Gentle.
mail proceeded to say that no of jei_tititi could, in his opt ni.4ii,
be made to that. resolution. li contained precis,ely the views
which he had always held with regard to emancipation,
which he regretted that the anti-slavery advocates in th s coun-
try had not pressed ti,l hey had sthteeeded to catt,ying them.
—( Hear, hear.) His regret did not arise merely from the loss
of a certain sum of money, bid. becaute a great principle had
not been asserted, namely, that those engaged in a ,trade of
robbery were not to receive a compensation when they were
compelled to give up their stolen goods.—(Hear, hear.) He
would submit the resolution, holing that it would be imme-
diately adopted.
Mr. JAMES G. BlitisiElt seconded the resolution. He be
lieved that the abolitionists of the United States agreed almrist
unanimously in adopting its principle—all with whom he was
acquainted were the opponents of compensation. He felt that
their power would be greatly impaired by sanctioning the doc-
trine of compensation, not merely for the reasons assigned by
the last speaker, but because it would draw them away from
tha main question, namely, the essential guilt and heinou,ness
of slavery. —( Hear, hear. )
Mr. BILADRURNE Thought that the principle of the resolu-
tion was a most important one, but it appeared to him to be
advisable to connect another with it,.which he was told would
be recognised by the British abolitionists. He believed that
those abolitionists had never been in favour of the principle of
compensation, and if that were the case he thought it right
that it should be made known to the whole civilised world.—
The question constantly put to them in America was—Why
did they not fellow the example of England, and offer some
compensation for the value of the slaves, which amounted to
twelve millions of dollars. To that question, such an amend-
ment as he hadsuggested would afford the best answer.
Mr. STuank said that the British Abolitionists had nut
sanctioned the principle of compensation, and 339 Delegates
had gone to Lord Grey and protested against it.
Mr. J. C. FULLER suggested that the resolution should con-
tain an allusion to this circumstance.
The suggestion was agreed to, and the resolution, as amended,
began by stating " that the British Abolitionists bad solemnly
protested against the compensation granted to the planters
while the question was before Parliament, and a conviction being
entertained by this Convention of the injustice of man holding
a right of property in his fellow man," &c.
The Rev. J. CARLYLE thought the statement with which
the amended resolution commenced went too far. The British
Abolitionists had not all rejected the principle of compensation,
and that principle had been yielded by the Anti-Slavery Com-
mittee,

The Rev. Mr. BURNET said that 339 Delegates from all
parts of the kingdom had protested against any compensation.
The Anti-Slavery Committee had gone with them, and it was
one of their body who had put the question.
Mr. ROBINSON, a Baptist Minister, wished to make an ob-
servation. Those who held slaves were - induced to do so b -
Cause they were encouraged by the law ; and might it not be
said that the Members of the State, from whom that law
emanated, should share in the loss that might be incurred by
emancipation ?
The Rev. Mr. I3uINET said that there could be no right de-
rived from injustice. _

The resolaion, as amended, was then put, and carried with-
out a distentient.

Resolutions were then put at d adopted, without any discus-
sion, to the effect that a.mmnoiial should be presented to Lord
Palmerton, praying his. Lordsh p to enforce the Act of Parlia-
ment with regard to slavery in tna British colonies and that
certain members of the Convention should. hold an interview
with the Members of the government on the subject.
Arrangements having then bang made for the business of
Monday, the Convention adjourned till that ti:iy,'With an under,
derstanding that they should . then assemble at the Friends'
Meeting-house, in White Hart-court, Gracechurch-street.

nei
1114
Ws*

I -'614

MORNING EDITT ON.

frightful a detail, 1 am persuaded would rause you to marvel
that such things could be in a Christian land—cc old occur in the
present age--could be done by men who move in society, who are
tolerated in it, and bear the name and wear the garb of gentlemen ;
by a peopls, iu sloot, processing the religion of Christ, mei daring
to or, re tie sanctity of that name with rapine, molder, and the
hiring ticeth of slavery i!self, which are carried en ever, in its
name; forsooth, to make Christians of the African unbelievers.
To understand thoroughly the subject of the laws in the Spanish
colonies for the protection of slaves, it is necessary to refer to a
work not easily to be met with, being only to be found in the hands
of the Syndics, v. !deb is entitled, " Espocion sobre el origin, utili.
dad prerogatives, de:echos y deberes de los sinclocos, procuradores
generales de los pueblas, por 1). Jose Serapio Majorrretta eliogada
de la real auclieneia." his bcok, it is to be noted, is printed
at Puerto Principle, in Cuba, by Itoyal authority, by com-
mand and at the exper.se of the Real Audiencia, the highest law
tribunal in the island, and it is the legal guide of the Syndics, or
protectors of slaves, in the administration of justice between master
and slave over the es hole island, and by which they are bout et to
ac'. The work begins by stating that the Supreme Court, in the
year 1766, created the office of Syndic; every town was placed
.icdcr the legal protection of one of these officers ; its rights were
to be defended by them ; and, in the words of the cedulas," When
there was any grave or important matter, it should be treated by
them, joining themselves with some of the neighbours (juetendose
can los vi vino.) for the consideration of it. Now, here is a most
important regulation fur the due administration of justice ; in
fact, our giving to the accused the advantages to a certain
extent of a jury. And now Jet us sic how the law au-
tkorities of Cub r, as represented in this work, interpret these
words. The treatise in question says—" These words are not to be
Understood in their literal sense; this method is contrary to the na-
ture of our Government, and for this reason, so responsible is the
post of a syndic, that he is appointed not by an open rn• eting (C 3.
bildo abiertol of the corporation aguntamento, but by the votes of
the judicial body, or the Regidores. Their duties in the rural dis_
tricts are to watch over the order and maintenance of the public
markets, the prevention of monopolies in corn, meat, &v., inspect-
Inc the accounts of overseers, agents, &c., protecting the interests
of proprietors of estates before the tribunals of the district, by all
the legal privileges accorded them, even to the point of demanding
the suspension of the royal laws or ordinances in which tiny may
hurt or harm someprivate person (haste el panto dcpri,!er pedir la
suspension, de las cedulas y reales rescriptos, en qui se elenan a
algun particular). Behold the value of all the royal laws for the
protection of slaves. The Syndic, their protector, is likewise the
legal defender of his master; and the suspension of every law that
is distasteful to the latter, it is in the power of this officer to de-
mand of the higher tribunals of the law. In fact, the whole secret
of the conduct of the Cuban Government, with respect to the fulfil
Merit of the treaties with England for the suppres•ion of the slave
trade, and the laws which enforce them, is here let out, and the
shameful duplicity of the Government cf Spain, with respect to
these royal orders, is disclosed, for, at page 10 of tine Treatise in
question, the opinion of the legal authorities of the island is Lid
down as to the proper mode of interpretation of the royal ce 'Was,
when these are opposed to Creole interests, or supposed to be so, in
these words—" It has been laid down by Iris Majesty, thst his sove-
reign will is (with respect to these laws), that they be obeyed, and
not fulfilled;" and reference is made to Lib. 16, Nov. Recap. (couro
que se tienne manifestado que so soberano voluntad, cs que se
obelezcany no se complan'. This seems to me to bet he very acme,
indeed, of public immorality; and there is no rea 011 to doubt the
duplicity of the conduct here ascribed to his Spanish Majesty, and
se the weakness of his sovereign will, and that he frames laws for the
purposes of delusion, to throw dust in the eyes of foreign powers,
or to deceive his own subjects at home, and which are to be obeyed
• „. and nut executed. Now, with respect to the jurisdiction of the
r: Syndics in the case of slaves, and the mode of interpreting the laws
• Q.! for their defence, this treatise lays down very minute rules, and
• e,..„.„‘:poilits Cut a course of proceeding which is universally acted on in
Cuba, for it is to be remembered this Treatise is published with the
ss express sancticn and approbation of the Judges of the highe t tri-
.e„; bond of the land, of the Real Audiencia. "Itisto be observed,"
'ss says the author, " either the rights which slaves complain of being
infringed, arc violated by their masters or a third person. In the
s last case, their complaint is to be preferred by their masters—by the
general rules of right, which subjects them entirely to those who
• exercise dominion over them ; but if the slaves attempt to complain
• s (intentan press ntarse) against their masters, then comes the antler,-
' s city of the Syndics, because by no other mode can there be made a
true decisi n, there being no legitimate litigation of parties, which
consists in this, that the plaintiff and the criminal should be chile-
_ rent persons. But supposing this distinction to be made in such a
case (as perhaps some one might say it ought to be), it eppears the
sees.: state ought to have the right of naming an attorney or agent (per-
_ee sonero), and the law, that so much protects the natural defence
of the slave, should leave in his power the exercise of this precious
. • right. But how many inconveniences would not this measure cause?
In the first place, slaves have no proper person (dos ese Leos no tienen
persona), they have no representation in Richey, they are consi-
dered as things subject to the dominion of man, and ill could
such beings name agents or attorneys, who cannot appear in
es. their own character in our Courts. And yet if, abating the
Vees rigour of fixed principles, we chose to leave to slaves the
• free election of which we treat--how many and how expensive
1, would be the causes which would inundate our tribunals—and what
aseee. would he the insubordination alone of this class of domestics, when
unfortunately interested men are not wanted to derive the adven-
t_ tags et lucre from such miserable discord. The Syndics, however,
a as chosen by the corporation, should be adorned with all the fine
•-__ qualities we have already stated, and in the degree that they may
s•. undertake to protect the rights of these unfortunates, they will
take care to beware of encouraging unjust complaints, by maintain.
log the aar es under due submi,sion and respect, Whidl SS stem
is certainly the most happy that can I e adopted to concilia,e the
• private interest of the slaves with those of the owners of them•"
Now the next interpretation of the Royal law, or cedula of 1759,
ese which at page 3 ordains the ri guLtion of the daily labour of slaves
• e.,, "so that it should begin arid conclude from s • nrise till sunset,"
•a, and moreover should leave them two hours of the intermediate
D,, -*trite for their own use and benefit, is given in these terms, terms,
indeed, most worthy of your prolouird attention:—" But this Is
1i -not observed,anct neither the magistrates regulate the time of !ahour,
ear;
, nor do the sieves cease to serve their masters at air hours of the
'day ;" (Foto no se observe y ui las justitias, ni los esclavos Began
' .
e„.. 'et serve a sus duenos en to das as horas del dia.) Well may the
• expounder of the sentiments of the Royal Tribunal of the Auden_
>,- eia or Cuba say, the laws are riot observed, " the slate s cease not
• at all hours of the day to work for their masters." But this second
s Daniel, this Cuban commentator on Spanish law, rigidly, indeed, as
• he sticks to the sense of the Colonial Judges, tell s but half the truth,
when he says that " the slaves cease nut to work for their masters
▪ at all hours of the day ;" he should have said e n the sugar estates
a chain the tone of the crop, for upwards of six months in the year,
at all hours of the night, with the exception of four for sleep. It
did not suit the purpose of the Royal Audencia to startle tine ears
or astonish the weak minds of the people in the towns with the
frightful announcement or the appalling statem nt that the wretched
C. negroes, in spite of the express terms of the Royal law for the re
gulation of slate labour, were worked to death on these estates for
weety continuous hours, twelve in the field and eight in the boil-
- ingehouse or at the mill, and that even en the coffee estates, where
the necessity for hard labour is so much less, that at cc itain times of
the year, it is a common practice during the bright moonlight nights
10 work the slaves at field work for four or five hours by the
•s.,' ." Clara de la tuna," as it is called. But what are the sentiments
•of the Royal Audiencia on the subject of that great privilege on
.paper conferred by the laws on the slave, in the power nominally
eriven him of purchasing his freedom, or portions of it, by the pay.
`Se went at once, or at differeat periods, of the price his master paid
for him. It is to be observed that the payment of a part of this
▪ . sum to the master, gives the negro the legal right of having that
sum deducted from his price whenever he happens to be sold, and
entitles him, as it is most erroneously but generally believed, to
14d2 an immediate redo tion of labour in proportion to the sum paid.
• In the year 1825 this error is fallen into in a verry able state.
• bent addressed to the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, by
• one of the British Commissioners at the Havanna!) on the treat.
•et„ Inent of the Spanish slaves, and the mode of manumission in the
tereeto., Spanish. colonies. And no doubt the origin of this error was the
same as of that into which you have failen, in common with all
.44 who estimate the value of Spanish laws by the wording, and not
the :execution of them. The paying a 611111 of money to a
are Master on the part of a slave towards the purchase of his
ae, liberty rerders the payer what is called " coartada," the mean.
in: of which is, in part manumitted. The word is derived from
toarter, to cut or separate, and not from quartear, to divide into
four parts, as is commonly supposed. " Some Syndics," says the
flaw treatise in question, " have attempted to alleviate slavery, so
ais to pretend to concede a half of their time to slaves who are bound
iia service to their masters " (when they have paid half cf their
... Valve to their owners) ; " but this opinion is not in conformity with
the else, and the Syndics should respect the rights of the proprie-
: tary power le irhout allowing themselves to be led astray by a notion
of equity badly understood. The coartacion (or part payment
made to a master by a slave towards the attainment of freedom)
was not established to reduce slavery into halves, but only to pre- ,
vent any alteration in the price to the slaves. A slave who, being
avorth 500 dollars, gives to his master 400 by way of coartacion,
remains as subject to sersitude us any slave who is so entirely. The
Master cannot be deprived of the proper rights of his authority, and
the slave is under the obligation of devoting all his cervice to him;
for such reasons the Syndics ought to avoid the wish to establish
such demands." Then conics the interpretation of the law in
Cuba as laid down in this treatise on that most important privilege
of all to the negroes in Spanish colonies, the power nominally given
by the law to the slave who is ill-treated or discontented with good
• causewith his master, to seek another owner on payment of the
•,„ price at which lie might be rained by the judicial authorities. Now
hear the mouthpiece of the Real Audiencia of Ceiba on this
subject. " The question may also be asked if slaves (eoartados) have
ss the right to go cut of the rower of their masters whenever they
Ler.' -desire, and tine answer is not difficult, if we consider that the slaves
'(enteros) entirely so are obliged to allege some great reason to emn-
ete. iPel their masters to sell them. And what difference can there
be between one and the other, when we see that the yoke of sla-
very on ail is the same ? If the slaves (coartados) do not enjoy the
440::
Iftp rights of freemen, on what principle can they claim the right of
changing nias'ers at their pleasure ? Is it for some light correc-
ejt,'‘ • Don ? This is not sufficient to enable them to use this privilege.
' And then, could the masters exercise their authority with the due
"rt.- severity which is necessary ? By no means, and hence we have
seen teat the Real Audiencia has always repelled similar demands
in all the suits that have been promoted on this point and brought
-C ,°"s-{or their superior decision. But some persons desire, notwith.
e On an'standitig, founding their opinion on the Royal Cedula of the Bth
April 1779,e that slaves (coartados) should be left in possession
of the privilege in question. In answer to this let us refer to the
terra, 'of the cedula. We declare, it says, that the masters of
slaves (not coartados) have the liberty' to sell them for whatsoever
•s•
:price they agree on with the buyers according to their actual worth,
• - when, masters for just reasons are obliged by the judicial autho-
rity to sell their slaves (those so entirely) it shall be for
the price at which they shall be valued by those authorities;
";
but if the buyer wishes to take the slave without valuation,
agreeing thereon with the master, they can arrange between them
the price and the authorities, and have no power to prevent it,
although the master is compelled to sell, except that in order to
ststninish the amount of the alcabala duty (or tax on tine sale
of property) some collusion between the parties be suspected ;
f, trther, that slaves who arc 'coartada,' or have paid that portion
remaining of it the same obligation being binding on the buyer ;
that in all cases the seller shall pay the alcabala tax according to
• the price paid ; further, that if the slave ' coartado' by bad conduct
• gives a reasonable motive for selling him, however slight Ins crime,
the addition to it be made of the Alcabala tax on his sale; and
finally, that no slaves of any kind, entire or coartados, who redeeThem
themselves by their lawful earrings, ought to pay this
inasters shall be obliged, conformable to the custom, to give them
their liberty the moment they bring the due price fsr it " Now to
any ordinary capacity, the plain meaning of the terms of this bene.
fir:lent law of 1775,is that slaves have the power of demanding to
be sold to another master if another master can be procured to pay
the price fixed on by the judges to the actual owner. In fact, the
slave by this means puts himself in the position of a coartado, one
• who has the right to demand his freedem whenever a price
has
.been agreed on, or fixed by judicial valuation ; and liativiin,agyritoi;
'cured person to advance the. money, he is content t
'liberty sold again in consideration of the change of masters. But
tenark the chicanery by which every practical utility of this bene-
volsnt law is fettered away by the interpretation of the judicialf ra
- euthorities of Cuba. The slave wh w
o ould change owners
ta`led on to produce a reasonable cause for his applicat ion.rs
He
allele es severe punishment or harsh treatment, who is to dcetd.e
whtth.'r the slave has been maltreated or not. The Syndic. W
the Synelic ? A planter himself, and who is the master? The n:.i
i g.),1
bour of the Syndic. But what says the Real Andiencia expietii
Neerof the law far the:regulation of the practice of these Syndics? v
that the due severity of the discipline of the proprietory pow
towards the slaves is trot a sufficient cause for a slave's application
to be sold, and that the only' sufficient causes arc hottlficient nou-
rishment, scarcity of clothing, and dearth of instruction in the
Christian religion. Now what does t he last obligation on the planters
amount to in Cuba ?—to the christening of the slave, end to the
burial of him with the ordinary rights of tine Church. %chi:, is the
whole amount in Cuba of religious instruction, save and except the
teaching the newly-imported pagans to repeat, like parrots on cer-
tain feasts, the Lord's Prayer, the confitoor, and tine decades of the
rwary ; but as for having the slightest conception of the meaning
'of the words they repeat by rote it would be a folly to expect it, for

-a .

',dry:

* In this cedula the precise duties of the Syndic are laid thsrn,
