HOUSE OF COMMONS.

There being a Commission to day, the SPEAKER took
the chair at ten minutes before five o'clock, shortly after
which the Usher of the Black Rod summoned the at-
tendance of the House to the House of Lords, to hear the
Royal Assent given to several Public and Private Bills,
for which see Lords' report.
Mr. BYNG presented a petition from the members of
the Alliance Marine Assurance Company, against the
Fulham Road Bill.
CITY OF LIMERICK ELECTION.

Sir T. FRENIANTLE brought up the report of the
Committee appointed to try the merits of the petition of
Mr. J. Verriker against the return of D. and W. Roche.
T►,e Committee reported that the two latter gentlemen had
been duly elected ; that the petition of Mr. Verriker was
not frivolous or vexatious, nor the opposition to it.
COLERAINE ELECTION.

Mr. HARDY brought up the report of the Committee
appointed to try the merits of this election. The Com-
mittee reported that Sir John Poer Beresford was not duly
elected ; that Mr. Alderman Copeland was duly elected ;
and that neither the petition nor opposition was frivolous
or vexatious.
Mr. GROTE presented a petition from Bread•street
Ward, praying for a reduction in the expenditure of the
country, and for a repeal of the house and window taxes.
Also petitions against slavery, and for an alteration in
the laws affecting forgery. The Hon. Member also pre-
sented a petition from the ;nhabitants of the parish of St.
Andrews, Holborn, complaining of the heavy amount of
Poor Rates, and of the great proportion of extra-parochial
property in that parish. He trusted that his Majesty's
Ministers,*.in any amendments they might propose in the
Poor Laws, would have this particular grievance well
considered and looked to.—.( Hear. )
On the motion that the petitions do lie upon the table,
Mr. OLIPHANT begged leave to inquire of his Hon.
Friend the Member for Ayr, when it was his intention to
bring forward the StAtch Entail Bill. It was a matter
of much importance, and it was desirable that those
Members who were interested in the measure might have
a full opportunity of discussing it.
Mr. KENNEDY said it was his earnest desire to bring
the measure forward in such a way as to afford a good dis-
cussion. There was, Hun. Members must be aware, much
difficulty
it
in pressing
forward any measure la the present
session, and t might be a question with some whether it
!night not be better to postpone the Bill until another see-
; but be was so deeply impressed with the necessity
