HULL AND SELBY RAILWAY.

(Abridged from the Hull Packet.)
On Wednesday a public meeting was held at the Man-
sion-house, for the purpose of receiving the report of the
Provisional Committee, who had been appointed at the
meeting held on the 11th of August, and determining whe-
ther any and what further measures should be adopted for
carrying the above undertaking into effect.
Mr. GEO. CODD, the town-clerk, read the requisition
convening the meeting. _ . . .

The Mayor, EDWARD GIBSON, Esq., in the Chair.
HENRY BROADLEY, Esq., said, it became his duty, as

the Chairman of the Provisional Committee appointed at
that place some weeks ago, to lay before them something
of the report of the proceedings of that Committee ;—he
meant to lay them before the meeting officially, tho Ugh
they had been long before the public. The Committee had,
in some respect, extended their authority further than they
were entitled, for in the original resolution they were in-
structed simply to call the subscribers together, to receive
the report ; but when they found the subscription list was
not encouraged in the way they had expected, they thought
they would not be doing their duty merely to call the sub-
scribers together, and they therefore invited the public.
They thought that if they did not adopt that course they
would be subject to much animadversion, and if they failed
in obtaining the railway, some persons might say, "You left
us in the lurch ; if you had enabled us to attend the meet-
ing we would have carried the business triumphantly for-
ward." The report would now be read to them, and after-
wards, with their permission, he would say a few words.
Mr. GEORGE CODD read the report :
The provisional committee, appointed at the general meet-
ing, held at the Guildhall on the 11th August last, to. take
measures for effecting the proposed railway from Hull to Selby,
have made it one of the first objects of their attention to ob-
tain--from the best sources in their power—such information
as might enable them to lay before the subscribers and the
public, a statement of the receipts and expenditure of the pro-
posed railway, after the work shall have been completed.
By the clerk to the directors of the Liverpool and Man-
chester railway, the committee haf,e been furnished with ac-
counts of the receipts and disbursements on their line, from
ist July, 1832, to 30th June, 1834, (the account for the latter
of the two years, showing a great increase in traffic, and an
excess in receipts. beyond those of the preceding year, of
more than 25,0001.) They have also been furnished with
valuable information, from the Directors of the Leeds and
Selby railway, and from the Collector of the Customs at Hull.
With the information derived from these quarters, the pro-
visional committee have formed the annexed estimate of pro-
bable receipts and expenditure, which they trust exhibits such
a reasonable and safe prospect of ample remuneration to the
subscribers, and whether considered as a measure of great pub-
lic utility—of vital importance to the trade of Hull—or as a
profitable investment for capital, the proposed railway will be
considered deserving of general support.
Hull, Sept. 12, 1834.
[The statement of receipts and expenditure which accom-
panied the above, and which was read and distributed in a
printed form at the meeting, is far too long for insertion in
our present columns. We may state generally that from the
data afforded, the amount of tonnage of goods, cattle, &c. &c.
is calculated at 5901. per week, or 30,6801. per year ; pas-
sengers, 41/. a-day, or 14,865/. a-year ; producing a total in-
come of 45,6451. per annum. The expenditare is calculated,
for the conveyance of merchandize at 17,517/. per year ; for
the conveyance of passengers at 10,821/. in the whole
28,338/. ; from this sum 15 per cent. or 4,251/., is deducted,
assumed as a •saving to be effected, by comparison with the
Liverpool and Manchester railway, from the Hull and Selby
line being perfectly level, from improvements in construction,
and from it being the intention to use a diminished speed,
(17 miles per hour.) A nett profit is thus calculated of up=
wards of 3/. per 50/. share per annum, on 7,000 shares, equal
to 21,558/.]
HENRY BROADLEY, Esq., then said—This account which
had just _been read by the Town-Clerk, might be divided
into four parts. The first related to the aggregate quantity
of traffic in goods and commodities ; the next, the propor-
tion of that traffic they might calculate would travel on
their railway ; the third, the cost at which that portion of
it might be so conveyed ; and the fourth, the total amount
of expenditure for the cost of the railroad. As to the first,
third, and fourth of these divisions, they were more or less
founded on authentic documents or actual experience.
They had the information they had received from Man-
chester, which was authentic as far as it went. They had
also information from different quarters, and the cost was
stated from the experience of the charges made on the Leeds
and Selby road. With respect to the expences of the main-
tenance of the road, they had been compelled to calculate
them by the expences of the Liverpool and Manchester
railway ; but they bore, in all human probability, a very
large proportion to what would take place in any railroad
established on the improved principle. The Manchester
raiiroad travelled over an exceedingly had piece of ground,
the Chat Moss, and various parts of the railroad had given
way in consequence of the inequality of the ground. In a
statement he saw recently in the Edinburgh Review, this
was pointed out ; and there was a statement as to the
weight of each rail to the situation in which it was placed.
The weight was calculated at 351bs. per yard ;—in the
Leeds and Selby railway it was 501135. per yard, and the
smaller weight was found not proportionable to bear the
weight, at the rate at which they travelled. With respect
to the second division,—namely that proportion of traffic
which might fairly be supposed to keep on the road, it was
of course entirely uncertain, and it was for them to form
their own opinions, which they were perfectly well able to
do as well as the committee. But he would say, with re-
spect to the profit, the committee had endeavoured as far
as they could to seize the happy medium between a too
exuberant and'a too desponding opinion. They had calcu-
lated, be thought, in such a manner, as if there was any
bias on one side, rather to lean to the most unfavourable
side of the question. How then did it stand ? He be-
lieved the supposed profit would amount to something like
6 per cent. per :share. That was, supposing simply the
railroad to be carried into execution, a very favourable
prospect for those parties who were willing to invest money
in it. But when they considered the almost certainty that
when the railroad was constructed they would have an
additional railway from Leeds to Manchester, lie believed
the most careful person would not hold back, seizing upon
the shares as a most profitable investment for capital.
He believed he might appeal to the gentleman on the left
hand of the Chairman (Mr. Parker), if some of the argu-
ments put forth against the railway were not very much
like those urged on the formation of the Old Dock, for he
had heard it reported that some gentlemen then said they
were making a dock infinitely too large—that it was beyond
the interests of the town to support,—and they were laying
out an extravangant amount. He believed that dock co-
vered nearly ten acres, and now the area of the docks was
upwards of twenty-two acres. He had already stated the
danger they had to apprehend from other ports, if they did
not avail themselves of the advantages which presented
themselves. He need hardly say that a strong current of
public opinion was running in favour of this mode of con-
veyance, and he did hope that they would not hesitate to
avail themselves of it, and divert a sortion of it oil their own
wheels, and to turn their own machinery. He trusted they
would not allow it run idly past them, or allow other parties
to divert a portion of it to the other side of the water, and
use it for their own aggrandizement. It was for them to say
whether the scheme would prosper or not. There were
some persons who prophesied the abandonment of the un-
dertaking, and who would not be sorry to see a failure
take place, because it interfered with their own busi-
ness. But he could not think that they would listen con-
sistently to those persons, and allow this business to die a
natural death. He could not believe they would allow the

town to go back to its former state ;—that they would al-
low their streets to be covered with grass, instead of being
covered with stones ;—that they would suffer their shops to
be abandoned ;—their warehouses to be the receptacles of
vermin instead of valuable goods,—or their docks to be
turned into duck ponds. He hoped they would have their
streets M'Adamised ;—instead of their houses and shops
being deserted, they would have superior streets and accom-
modatioris ;—instead of having three docks, they would
speedily have six—(Great applause ;)—and instead of hav-
ing their warehouses the receptacles of vermin, they would
have increased occasion for building large additional ones.
—(Applause.) There were only two ways for them now ;
one of which led to poverty and distress, and the other, he
thought, led to a verdant path of activity, industry, and
wealth,—to a permanent structure of prosperity, of which
the door was open,—and he imagined the presiding deity
stood at the door, inviting them to enter.—(Applause.)
Mr. JAMES HEN woon moved that the report be received.
He hoped other gentlemen would favour the meeting with
their views and statements on the subject.
Mr. Alderman BouroN seconded the motion.
GEORGE LIDDELL, Esq. said, I cannot but express my
great disappointment at the report the committee have
made,—that they have not been enabled to make a more
favourable report. When first the measure was brought
forward, the whole town was in it heart and band, and we
thought it wanted but a beginning to_ carry it forward with
spirit ; but I am sorry to say we have not been met as we
expected we should, where the prosperity and interest of
thd town or Hull were so much at stake. I am certain that
nothing but such a measure as this can preserve the trade
we have, much less increase it.—(Applause.) You all
know it is much more easy to preserve a trade than to
bring it back . when it has left you.—( Applause.) If we
do not give this facility and accommodation, now so loudly
called for, it will be diverted into other channels, and then
bring it back if you can. I regret the subscription list is so
small. If it is not supported, the project will fall to the
ground, and our trade will be diverted to another place. I
hope the meeting will adopt such steps as will ensure the
success of our undertaking.
Mr. JOHN JACKSON' looked upon it as a . project calcu-
lated to save the town from ruin, and to raise t to the high-
est eminence. Three-fourths of the wool imported into
this country from Germany was brought to the ports of

London and Liverpool, and three-fourths of the wool so
imported was consumed in the West-riding of Yorkshire.
Why was it carried to the ports of London and Liver-
pool, and not to Hull ? He would tell them the reason.
A manufacturer or mercantile man could go from Man-
chester to Liverpool in the morning, and return home
to dine with his family the same evening ; if he came to
Hull, from the West-riding, on a moderate calculation, it
would be three days before he could get his business trans-
acted and return home to his family. Fourteen shillings
! was the average expense at which he could get to Liver-
pool and back, and, as he would take his dinner at horn',
that item of his expenses would be saved. Before the
Liverpool and Manchester railway was established the fare
was 145., but then a passenger had to pay fees to guard
and coachman, which made it amount to 16s. ; he then
had to stop a day, and his expenses generally amounted in
all to about 21. 14s. Thus, if he had to make the journey
twice a week, under the present system, there would be
a saving to one establishment of about 2001. a year, be-
sides the time saved. This was not all ;if wools came to
Hull they had to be put. on board ship, and did not ar-
rive at their destination in .less time, upon the average,
than ten, twelve, or fourteen days. But here a person
could now go to Liverpool, purchase several thousand
pounds' worth of wool, put it on the railway at ten in
the morning, return home, and have it all sold by four
in the afternoon.—(Applause and laughter.) It was
morally impossible for us to compete with them, un-
less we possessed the same facilities. He would con-
tend that German wools ought not merely to come
here, but that we ought to have the market for German
wool. Hull ought to be the place where it was sold,
and not Liverpool and London. If a railway were esta-
blished here, in three hours' time the manufacturer of the
West Riding could return home to dinner. He would in
one day come, transact his business, and return home, when
it now took him three days. What an insuperable barrier
this was to trade! Scotch wool, also, ought to be brought
to this port, but circumstanced as we now were, we could
not expect it. The railway was a project which he
most sincerely and heartily recommended. Having made
these observations, and with these feelings, he could not but
most cordially approve of the plan for establishing a rail-
way, and trusted that the meeting would determine upon
carrying it into effect.—(Applause.)
Mr. GRESHAM remarked, that as be had been called
upon, he had no objection to state the result of his inquiries.
He should, however, in the first place, ask what was the
number of the shares already taken.
Mr. PHILLIPS, solicitor, stated that the number of shares
now subscribed for was 263, amounting in money to
13,1.50/.

Mr. GRESHAM said this appeared to him a regular dead
failure. He was astonished at this, when he heard the elo-
quent remarks of Mr. Broadley, the forcible observations
or Mr. Liddell, and the able statement of Mr. Jackson,
whose name, with those of other gentlemen, he hoped to see
down for a handsome subscription. If this was not the
case, there must be reasons for it, that would account for
the public of Hull not coming forward.
The MAYOR inquired if Mr. Gresham intended to found
a resolution upon the subject of his remarks.

Mr. GRESHAM thought that the report had not yet
passed, and considered himself speaking upon it.
The MAYOR intimated that the resolution had passed
unanimously ; no objection had been urged against it.
Mr. GRESHAM said lie would then put his resolution
into form, and move it.—He, however, shortly rose, and
said a resolution had been placed in his hands by an un-
known party, which so completely met his views, that he
would at once adopt it. Mr. Gresham then read and moved
the resolution. _

Mr. JAMES HENWOOD seconded the resolution.

J'AIES GADSDEN, Esq., said—l am one of those who
have always looked upon the formation of a railway with
great interest. It was that which induced me to seek for
shares when the original design was brought forwards. But
when that scheme was cut short, by cutting off the railway
at Selby, I withdrew my subscription, because I did not
think my interest lay at Selby, but. at Hull. I have since
entertained a more favourable opinion of it. Ido not be-
long to the wealthiest class, but I am willing to become
one of twenty or twenty-five gentlemen willing to make a
sacrifice in order to forward this object. It would not be
of use to enter a large subscription, unless I was supported
by a number of gentlmen. I now propose to become one of
twenty or twenty-five gentlemen to subscribe 2,000/. each.
—(Great and long-continued applause.) I freely state
to you, this is a sacrifice I feel called upon to make, for it
is my firm conviction that unless great sacrifices are made,
it cannot be carried forward.—(Applause.) Unless gentle-
men will do so, lam sure the measure will •be lost. Since
our last meeting another circumstance has induced me to
reflect on the scheme. We have received news that a vessel
loaded with teas, is about to arrive here. I did not expect
that any portion of that trade would come to Hull ; but if
it does, it will be obvious that we must have a railway, or
some great line of despatch, by which the trade can be pro-
moted, and cherished here. It will be useless to have the
teas brought here, unless we can immediately carry them
into the interior. There is also an opening to the East
India trade, and if any portion of goods should be brought
here, it is more incumbent than ever upon us to provide
adequate conveyance into the interior. I place at the dis-
posal of the committee my 2,000/., provided any nineteen
ether gentleman will do the same.(Loud cheering.)
Mr. JOHN BEADLE said a resolution had been put into
his hand, but before he moved it be wished to ask a
question. It was whether any correspondence had taken
place with the directors of the Selby railroad as to the
connection of the two lines. If this railroad were carried
into effect, we should still be in their power as to the
charges to be made on passing on to their line. He
thought this point ought to be made clear, and if any cor-
respondence had taken place, it would materially assist
gentlemen in determining upon whether to take shares.
Mr. BROADLEY said no correspondence had taken place
on the subject, but there had been some conversation con-
nected with it.
A short pause having taken place, the MAYOR asked if
any gentleman had anything to propose for the benefit of
the meeting?
Mr. JOHN WADE congratulated the meeting on the turn
the business had taken. He was most anxious that the
railroad should go on, and if 20 gentlemen came forward to
take 20 shares each, he would be one of that number.—
(Applause.) He thought, however, that Mr. Beadle's
suggestion ought to be attended to. They ought to go on
sure grounds, and not to run the risk of having to pay the
Leeds and Selby Company for liberty to go on their line.
Mr. LIDDELL was gratified to find that gentlemen were
coming forward in so spirited a manner. He felt gratitude
to the town, to which he had formerly come as a stranger.
and should never forget the obligations he was under to it.
As he considered the undertaking one calculated to be in
the highest degree beneficial to the town, he should now in-
crease the number of his sttbsCription to the amount men-
ticned by Mr. Gadsden.—(Applause.)
Mr. MALAN expressed his intention of taking `..0 shares.
—; Applause.)
Mr. GEORGE BUCK-TON would be one of 20, to take 10
shares each.—( Applause.)
Mr. W. LAVERACK, although the undertaking was likely
to operate against his individual interests, as he considered
it would benefit the town at large, would take ten shares.
( A pplause.)
The MAYOR said, from what had occurred, be was en-
couraged again to ask if any gentleman had anything fur-
ther to propose for the benefit of the meeting.—(Laughter
and applause.)
The subscription lists were then handed round, and
many gentlemen who had not before subscribed put down
their names ; and many whose names already appeared on
the lists increased their subscriptions.
Mr. R. M. CRAVEN announced .his intention to double
his subscription, and take twenty shares.—(Applause.)
Mr. JOHN EGGINGTON stated his intention to accept Mr.
Gadsden's challenge, and to be one of twenty subscribers of
2,000/. each. Mr. E. then proceeded to express his opi-
nion of the importance of the railroad, particularly in con-
nection with the packet trade established between this port
and the continent.
Mr. Alderman BOLTON announced that the Mayor bad
put down his name for twenty shares.—(Great applause.)
The Mayor then left the chair, which was taken by Al-
derman Bolton.
Mr. BROADLEY then moved the thanks of the meeting
to the Mayor for his able conduct while in the chair, which
was seconded and passed unanimously, and with applause.
The meeting then separated.

Mr. Bennett, who has just favoured the public with
a Narrative of his " Wanderings in New South Wales, Bata-
via, Singapore, China," &c., made several journeys into the
interior of Australia, and, we believe, will he found to have
ventured farther than any preceding traveller has done. His
interesting researches were continued up to the present year,
so that his book must contain the latest information as to the
state of New South Wales, &c. This alone must ensure for it
a wide circulation, for who is not interested in the present con-
dition and rising prospects of the numerous settlements of the
Australian Continent ? This enterprising gentleman has,
since his return, on account of the importance of his re-
searches, received the gold medal of the Royal College of
Surgeons of London, and has been appointed Colonial Surgeon
in New South Wales by the Government.

TfIE GRESHAM LECTURESIIIP.—Dr. Southey,
we are informed, was yesterday elected by the Gresham Com-
mittee to the situation of Lecturer on Physic. The place is
worth, we believe, about 1001. a-year, but the duties it imposes
are not onerous.

As an additional proof of the mildness of the present
season, a second crop of strawberries were last week gathered
in the garden of Mr. Fisher of the Falcon Inn, Uppingham.
—Northcimpton Mercury.

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

The German Governments seem resolved to give
Switzerland no rest. Their diplomatic establishments
in that country are so many batteries, from which
there is a continual discharge of notes, menaces, and
protocols. M. de Bombelles, the Austrian Envoy,
has organized a little police at his disposal, which
brings him a world of tidings ; and no sooner do a
score of artisans indulge in a liberal song, after over-
tippling of beer, than, presto ! M. de Bombelles sets
all the clerks of his chancery at work, and a note is
drawn up, warning and reproving the Bernese Govern-
ment that such a dire event has happened. This is
scarcely done, when the Augsburg Gazette echoes the
cry, which is repeated again by its brethren on the
Main and the Baltic. And thus all Europe is set
babbling on the grave topic of certain German tin-
kers and tailors having regaled themselves too freely,
and let loose their tongues under the genial shadow
of SsViss freedom. The only aim of all this active
officiousness on the part of Messrs. de Bombelles and
Co., is to torment Switzerland, and to leave it no peace,
until it becomes Germanized ; that is, in the Austrian
or Prussian sense of the word. The country is now
Anglo-Frenchified ; that is, it reads journals, interests
itself in the subjects which they treat, agitates the
great questions of constitution and reform, and shows
symptoms, in short, of the natural blood-heat of a
free country. But this heat seems feverish to the touch
of Austrian and Prussian doctors, and they would
anxiously apply a remedy where, in fact, there is no
disease. M. de Bombelles is firmly persuaded that
Switzerland is sinking into the pit of perdition,' and he
would save the tranquil Germans from a similar fate.
It may be necessary here to allude to a custom
prevalent amongst the Germans, which is that of
visiting every hole and corner of their country be-
fore they settle for life. Nothing gives more unity to
German character and feeling than this tour forced
upon each rising generation ; and until other and more
liberal bonds grow up amongst the divided children of
Germany, this old custom, Heaven knows, ought to
be most favoured by the great powers. But the young
handwerks maenner, as they were called, have grown
subjects of suspicion to Austria, which detests a too
rapid communication even of the few ideas that boy-
hood and artisanship can collect. She has of late put
every obstacle in the way of their humble preregrina-
tions ; and laws, edicts, and ordonnances out of num-
ber have been concocted on the subject. A residence
in Berne has been thought especially dangerous for
them. And, accordingly, all the Corps Diplomatique
of all the Courts of the Holy Roman or Germanic
Empire are set to work, drawing up ordonnances with
articles one, two, and three, to prevent the forty or fifty
shoemakers and tailors, who cross the Rhine towards
the Alps, from performing this annual mission. And
this, too, throws all Switzerland in a fermentation.
M. de Bombelles is there like a death-watch at one's
bed-head--tick, tick eternally, with a petty little
noise on some • petty little subject, but quite
enough to prevent all repose. And Baden too takes
part in all these doings ; Baden, whose interest is
closely allied with Switzerland; Baden, which, without
one great or populous town, can be in no possible fear
of her artisans, liberal or illiberal, since there cannot
be more than two hundred of them in even the most
populous place in her dominions ! All this is most
pitiful, and would be laughable, were not this system
of eternal annoyance adopted and followed up for the
purpose of discrediting and overthrowing the liberal
party. Already Zurich has been won over through
inability to support this incessant annoyance. M. de
Bombelles has taken up his residence there, and made
it his head-quarters ; at the same time the Prussian
and Sardinian Envoys have taken up their abode at
Lausanne, to watch and vex the south, whilst M. de
Bombelles keeps the north in hot water. Messrs.
Morier and de Rumigny are both where they ought to
out—at Berne, calming by their presence and conduct
the effervescence which their colleagues take such pains
to excite.—Morning Chronicle.
The authorities of the Post-office have just issued
a notice which, while it can be of no earthly public ad-
vantage, carries with it, under the circumstances, an
appearance of originating in a little spirit of paltry
spite and resentment, quite beneath what ought to be
the conduct and motives of those conducting a great
public establishment. It is known to every body that
an attempt has at length been made to put an end to
the scandalous traffic, both in home and foreign jour-
nals, so long carried on, and amounting, in the case
of the latter, to almost a monopoly, by certain persons,
high and low, connected with the Post-office. We think
we perceive some symptoms of this system being rather
nominally than actually broken tip. But of this, if
necessary, more hereafter. By the Act lately passed to
facilitate the receipt and transmission of newspapers to
and from the colonies, it is enacted (or rather re-en-
acted, for there is nothing new in the provision), that
they must be sent in covers open at each end, with
nothing written or printed upon them. This no one
ever doubted was intended to protect the Post-office re-
venue from any evasion by correspondence upon the
newpaper or the cover. By a novel construction, how-
ever, it is now found to prohibit the newsvender from
affixing his name as the sender to the cover, which,
besides being in many respects a convenience, was a
very harmless way of advertising his business. The
notice to which we have alluded announces that this
may no longer be done ; but that any cover having the
name of the sender upon it, will be either stopped or
charged with postage ; which seems to us nothing
more nor less than saying to the newsvenders, " Our
trade is cut up, and we will therefore do all in our
power to annoy you in yours." If we are wrong in
this construction, we are not entitled to ask why it was
not adopted long ago ? The restriction, if it be a
correct or legal one, always existed ; yet it is quite no-
torious that not only were many of the principal news-
venders in the habit of putting their name and address
upon the covers, but the clerks of the roads used to do
the same. And who was injured, and what farthing
could be taken from the Post-office revenue by it ?
On the contrary, it afforded considerable facilities
towards ordering, stopping, or altering the address of
newspapers, many persons at home, and still more
abroad, being often ignorant of the name of the per-
son supplying their papers, as is amply proved by the
frequent letters addressed to the printers of every
Journal in England upon the subject ; but who, of
course, have not the slightest clue to the parties who
furnish any one with their papers. If, then, it is the
useless act of paltry littleness which we have described,
we hope, if the servants of the public at the Post-office
have any masters, that the latter will put a stop to
what appears to be a mere act of vexation.—Morning
Herald.

The Men of Kent have been once again up and at
their duty, and Dover has added her quota to the
proud amount of truth and loyalty. Mr. Edward
Thompson, a newly-elected magistrate of the town
and port, a most consistent and unfliching Tory, de-
termined to celebrate, if possible, his inaugural din-
ner (given at his own expense) by the honoured pre-
sence of the greatest man of any age or country. The
Duke of Wellington was fortunately enabled to accept
the invitation, and on Thursday last one hundred and
fifty gentlemen of the town and neighbourhood, in-
cluding the representatives of the eastern division of
the county, the members for the port, the Arch-
deacon of the diocese, and several General officers,
assembled to testify their respect for the " Hero of a
hundred fights." Politics were excluded, at the re-
quest of two or three gentlemen, of different senti-
ments from those of the immense majority of the
party, who were, nevertheless, anxious to testify their
respect for, and admiration of, his Grace the Duke
of Wellington ; but politics, although excluded by
name, could not be banished in its higher and more
exalted sense ; for each allusion to Conservative prin-
ciples was greeted with a hearty and spontaneous burst
of applause. The Duke's name was received with
a shout long, loud, and affectionate. "No mistake"
there. The " Church" was received with true British

feeling, and several exceedingly well-timed observa-
tions from the Members of the Legislature present
met with hearty approbation. Sir John Reid's modest
but opportune allusion to his political consistency was
received with cheers, nor did Mr. Plumptre's allusion
" to the union of Church and State pass unnoticed. But
why particularize where all was excellent ; and when
we have told our readers that the honest and able

Knatchbull was not backward in the expression o ihis
sentiments we have spoken volumes. Every person
present seemed highly gratified,' and if re-action have
not taken place, if Canterbury and Perth, Leicester
and Dover, do not exhibit pretty plainly the revived
spirit of loyalty and attachment to the institutions of
our country, we can only say to the incredulous, "Per-
sist in your incredulity till a general election shall
show you, even among your own constituencies, the
opinion which the people of England hold of your
abilities, the reliance they place upon your word, and
the confidence they entertain in your wisdom and in-
tegrity." We ought to mention that when the Hero
of Waterloo quitted-the room, the company rose and
greeted him with three -times three Kentish fires.—
Morning Post.
An article appeared in yesterday's Times, under the
head of " Metternich's System of Government," which
being extracted from the Gazette 9f Augsburg, might
fairly have had the notice " By command" prefixed to
it. Under the form of an historical sketch the writer
pronounces, as ought to have been expected, a servile
and thorough-paced panegyric upon Metternich, and
on the Holy Alliance policy, which is represented by,
and incorporated with, him. It may be all very true,
that whet, this champion of arbitrary power first ac-
ceded to the administration of foreign affairs for Aus-
tria, soon after the battle of Wagram, he displayed
much shrewdness in managing the relations of that
humiliated Government with other Powers, and more
especially with France under Napoleon. The war
policy of Austria, while war was raging on every
side of Europe, may have been subtle and skil-
ful, and the share which must be ascribed to her
in the final overthrow of Buonaparte, as well as
in the long series of combined measures which
prepared and insured that memorable consumma-
tion, reflects great honour on the sagacity of him by
whom her counsels were directed. But it is not the
success of the military measures pursued by Austria
under Metternich's guidance, which in the eye of
posterity will be regarded as they key to the peculiar
genius and character of that active- politician : it his
principles of civil government, and the relations which
he has invariably striven to establish between the peo-
ple and their rulers, all over the world, on which, far
mote than on his administration of the warlike force of
the Austrian empire itself, when imminently pressed by
external' dangers, his reputation for good or evil must
be founded. Metternich it was who suggested and set
in motion that appeal to the inhabitants of central Eu -
rope, which brought them in myriads to the standard
of their respective Sovereigns, arming them with en-
thusiastic patriotism, and heroic courage, to destroy
the common enemy of their national existence. But
in what name was that inspiring summons addressed
to the people of Europe ? It was in the namethe.
honoured name—of independence—and in the sacred
name of liberty. They were adjured, by a regard to
the wounded dignity of their hereditary Sovereigns, to
repel the insults heaped upon them, and reflected
from them upon their subjects. They were
further implored by a respect for their own future
rights—and stimulated by the most emphatic and
solemn pledges, that civil freedom should be largely
extended and carefully fostered, and secured upon the
basis of national and imperishable institutions, which
it was admitted were called for by the lapse of time
and the change of circumstances, and the ripened in-
telligence of mankind. The people obeyed the sum-
mons—they nobly completed their task—they raised
Royalty everywhere from the dirt ; gallantly forbearing
to exact, during the pressure of immediate fear and of
real weakness, from their Sovereigns any further gua-
rantee for the fulfilment of their undertakings than
was to be found in the voluntary solemnity with which
they had been made public. Very well—what next ?
The crowned serpents, warmed into life upon the bleed-
ing bosoms of the brave, who had mercifully sheltered
them, turned against and mortally stung their benefac-
tors. The battle of Leipsic and Waterloo, the two as-
saults upon and conquests of the French capital,
where all nations collectively fought and triumphed for
the cause of each individual Sovereign, were recom-
pensed—how ? By the Holy Alliance—an accursed
league of all Kings against the rights, the liberties, and
happiness of each separate nation. This device, equally
cruel and hypocritical, if not first suggested by the
ingenuity of Metternich himself, was shaped, ma-
tured, and mainly brought to perfection—as it

' has ever since been worked and enforced, to the ruin
of every people aspiring to be free-----through his watch-
ful solicitude and cunning ! Such is the true light
in which to behold this paragon of modern statesmen,
and such the ground on which the patrons of the
Augsburg Gazette, are in their hearts disposed to cele-
brate the 25th anniversary of his " glorious" adminis-
tration of the great Austrian empire ! If the outline,
therefore, of Metternich's policy and history be thus
impudently distorted in the face of all mankind, it is
little wonder that the affairs of particular states and
nations, however remotely acted upon by him, should
be exposed to the like unprincipled process. It is
said of Spain, for instance, that in " changing a long-
established system of Government for one which she
did not understand, she became a prey to civil war,
and she found herself obliged to return to the former
state of things !" Was there ever falsehood and im-
pudence to be compared with the above passage ? A
"prey to civil war I" By whom excited ? " Obliged
to return to the former state of things I " By
whom compelled ? The civil war was raised by
the machinations of the Holy Alliance and of
Metternich, for without their wicked intrusion all
would have been peace. So the Spaniards were
" obliged," not by their own conviction, or reflection,
or any reasonable influence acting upon them, but
driven at the sword's point, blown by cannon, into
the barbarous necessity of submitting to the former
state of things,—that is, to their ancient condition of
slavery,—because 100,000 French troops, ordered
thereto by a Sovereign who was himself the creature
and abject tool of the Holy Alliance, invaded Spain,
butchered her few ill-appointed and worse commanded
soldiers, and overturned by brute force the institutions
on which her representative Government, and her new-
born freedom rested. We are told again, that the " pre-
sent attempt at innovation in Spain will have the same
end, for the moral state of Spain will not allow of
such ameliorations." The present attempt may have
the same end, (though we trust not) and assuredly
not through the same means—that is to say, through
any open efforts of the Holy Alliance ; or the present
King of the French would be dethroned, if he should
(a supposition quite absurd) be mad enough to sanc-
tion such an enterprise, while any English ministry
which does not resist and frustrate it will as inevi-
tably be impeached and signally punished. Again
—" Portugal founded an •empire in the new world,
and she herself is now the victim of revolutionary
measures." What will the sober and discriminat-
ing mind of Palmella, so imbued with a respect
for British liberty, and anxious to extend its most
salutary provisions to his native country—what, we
say, will be that statesman's replication to such a
sneer ? The terms employed by this clerk of Metter-
nich in alluding to the state of France are striking and
sufficiently ominous. Her revolution of July, though
in truth little more than dynastic, is spoken of plainly,
and by authority V the Austrian Minister, as " the
day of her ruin. The illustrious have vanished, and
she is now fast retrogading." How will Louis
Philippe relish this reference to him and his accession?
—to the banishment of his kinsmen, and the retro-
gression of France under his dominion ? If there be a
censorship in Bavaria, we can hardly conceive an
offence more grave than such language so applied to
an independent and friendly Power. Turkey is felici-
tated on her prostration under Nicholas, who is ap-
plauded " for having trod the Hydra " of revolution
under foot, and for restoring peace" (just Heaven—
PEACE !) " to Poland." The last reference made to
foreign States has England for its subject. Since the
peace we are told that " England has had her Castle-
reagh, Canning, Liverpool, and Grey," (not a word of
Wellington.) It is then said that " each successive
Administration has been hesitating between the aristo-
cracy and democracy ; but the door of the revolution
has at last been opened." Such is the Metternich idea
of revolutions ; and it is plain enough that, according
to the maxims of his school, redress of grievances
merits no other name than " revolution." The paper
concludes with a flourishing account of Austria, where
animal wants are said to be bountifully supplied, and

where animal comfort c onstitutes the ne plus ultra of
social perfectibility.—?
The Superior Counc'.3 of Commerce has suspended
the inquiry into. the ditties and prohibitions on the
importation of earthenware into France : at least we
• suppose that it is suspend ed only, not finally closed,
as the persons examined we re but six in number, and
some of them made it Wide./ stood that they reserved to
themselves the right of co rrecting or adding to the
evidence they had given befo re the inquiry was brought
to a conclusion. We take ti mis opportunity of explain-
ing what is the present state of the French tariff so far
as it relates to pottery. Alt pottery imported into
France is charged with duty according to the weight
of the articles. Fine stone and pipe-clay pottery
(gr?s fin and terre-de-pipe) are prohibited. Common
earthenware is charged with a duty of 6 francs for
for every 100 kilogrammes gros s if imported in French
vessels, and of 6 francs 60 centimes if imported in
vessels of other countries. rt,e ware called dell is
charged with a duty of 49 fr Tuns for every 100 kilo-
grammes net if imported in F.,ench vessels, and of 53
francs and 90 centimes if imported in vessels of other
countries. Utensils made of 5C071217107Z stone-ware are
charged with a duty of 10 francs for every 100 kilo-
grammes gross if imported in French vessels, and of 11
francs dim ported in vessels of oti icr countries. Table Se-
rvices
.matle of the same material are charged with a
duty of 15 francs for every- 10 0 kilogrammes gros if
imported in French vessels, anti of 16 francs 50 cen-
times if imported in vessels of other countries. Com-
mon porcelain is charged with a duty of 164 francs
for every 100 kilogrammes net if imported in French
vessels, and of 174 francs 70 centimes if imported in
vessels of other countries. Fine porcelain is charged
with a duty of 327 francs for emery 100 kilogrammes
net if imported in French Nessels,. and of 344 francs
50 centimes if imported in vessels of other countries.
It will be recollected that this difference in the scale of
duties as to imports by French vessels and imports by
vessels of other countries does. not affect us. The
first part of the second article of the Convention of
Commerce between Great Britain and France, dated.':
Jan. 26, 1826, runs thus :—" Goods which can or
may be legally imported into the ports of the United
Kingdom from the ports of France, if so imported in
French vessels, shall be subject to no higher duties
than if imported in British vessels ; and reciprocally
goods which can or may be legally imported into the
ports of France from the ports of the United King-
dom, if so imported in British vessels, shall be sub-
ject to no higher duties than if imported in French
vessels." We should perhaps mention that all the
witnesses examined before the Superior Council of
Commerce were asked whether they thought a duty on
the weight or a duty on the value of articles of earthen-
ware the preferable. They were much divided in opi-
nion on this point. The chief objections urged against
a duty on the value was the necessity of unpacking the
goods, and the improbability that Custom-house offi-
cers would be able to form an opinion of their value.
These objections were of course made arguments for
the duty on the weight, to which the Council seemed
to lean.— Times.
