THE KING OF BAVARIA.

(From the Paris Globe.)
Among the monarchs of Europe, who are al
general old and unfriendly to new ideas, there is
a King in the flower of youth who places con6'
dente in the intelligence and philosophy of his
age. His education has not partaken of the
education of Courts. He has lived, like 3
student in the Universities, amidst men of science
and learning,—he has traversed the continent
with the eye of a curious observer and of a poet,
—he has sought every where for experience and
generous ideas; in a word, he has studied how
to act the King, as if he were going to exercise
an art or to profess a science ; or, to speak more
properly, as if he were going to fulfil a priest-,
hood. His religious and tender soul has risen
day by day to a higher notion of its duties, and
he has prepared himself by deep meditation
for the proper discharge of them. Thus he has
cast a new lustre upon Bavaria almost before he
has taken his seat upon the throne. Germany
has recognized in him a real German Prince;
for she saw him formerly sharing in her misfor-
tunes, indignant at her slavery, and disgraced on
that very account by the Emperor Napoleon.
When the heroic youth of the Universities fol-
lowed the example which France had already
set to the world, and relinquished their studies
to repel the foreigner, philosophising. and sing-
ing verses by the fire of the bivouac and in the
midst of batteries, Louis, Prince of Bavaria,
though at a distance, and almost a prisoner, par-
ticipated in their devotion, and envied Korner
his death on the field of battle. Afterwards, in
more tranquil times, hoping for the establishment
of liberty, as if he had been the humblest sub-
ject of the Kings of whom he was soon to be the
equal, he sighed for the establishment of reform
and economy ; and, always cultivating the arts,
went to re-invigorate himself in Italy when
languor seized upon his soul and melancholy in-
telligence overwhelmed it with despair. Giving
himself up to severe practices of devotion, he
confirmed himself in his creed without renounc-
ing the free spirit and philosophic ardour of a
religion which is entirely philosophical, and en-
tirely in sympathy with all the best feelings of
humanity. Thus his youth was divided between
patriotism, the arts, and piety. Every day as a
prayer, as a relaxation, as a declaration of good
intention for the future, some verses escaped
from his heart. He traced, as he ran, the his-
tory of his moral life. The day came when he
was to mount the throne, and he showed himself
upon it the same individual he was the day be-
fore, except that what was before a dream—a
thought—became an action. A severe economy,
and unexpected reforms, were substituted for .
the improvident luxury of the excellent Maximi-
lian, his father. Liberty of thought, equality Of
religious creeds, received a new sanction.
Munich has become a city of arts and sciences.
A rich museum, which receives fresh accessions
every day,—an university, which reckons Schel-
ling at the head of the philosophers,—magnifi-
cent libraries,—regulations full of wisdom, and •
well adapted to reform the rude manners of the
studeuts,—have called within its walls the flower
of the youth of Germany. King Louis has
cleated in the south a rival to Berlin, and in the
midst of that learned world to which he gives
life and animation, has submitted himself, as an
author without pretensions, to the criticism of
the public. He offers to it, with confidence,
his " Journal of Good Thoughts ;" it is thus
that his book is called, and as such it should
be received. They are the fruits of the studies
of a good King.
In our announcing them to-day, we do not
intend either to pass a judgment on them, nor
to enter into the curious details which belong to
them, and which a very natural curiosity leads
us to desire. We intend only to pay ,a
first
homage to the royal poet. Hereafter shall be
given a judgment, as free and as severe, as we
should pass upon the most obscure writer.
German criticism has not wounded a modest
feeling which was before sufficiently humble.
Foreign criticism, we must hope, will not be
more unfortunate. If, however, the recollection
of our own defeats should excite in our minds
any pique against the indignation of the German
patriot. and against the anathemas which he
launches against our arms, we can easily forgive
it. The same dislike to foreign domination,
lives in the heart of every Frenchman. The
same curses escape from them against traitors
and at the present moment more than ever,
when our wounds have been intentionally re-
opened,--when a single name has revived all our
resentments.

Let our readers then pardon us, if, in a
choice made at random, some of these pieces
should fall into our hands. We wish to render
them acquainted with the poet, and it is patri-
otism, which is often inspired, which is the best
poetry.--(Then follows a translation.)

An on dit connected with a late ducal mar-
riage is that when his youthful Grace bade adieu to the
pleasant circle where he had for some time been domesti-
cated, making those plra.ant speeches of "a delightful
visit," " hoping again to have the happiness," with which
a gentleman bows out of the drawing room, the youngest
daughter burst into tears ; still the Duke descended the
stairs‘ and ascended his carriage; he had driven about two
miles, when the thought suddenly struck him—

If tears were shed,
Those tears must flow for me.
This conviction instantly turned his horses' beads; be
went back again ; requested as interview with the Mar-
quis ; the rnhicon of a decided offer was passed, and the
" happy pair" are now married.—Edinburgh Literary
Gazette.

EASTBOURNE.—A large draught was made
Mn Tuesday last from the men belonging to the Coact
Blockade, stationed at the different towers on this part of
the coast, and forwarded to the Hyperion frigate at Nevi"
haven. The cause of this sudden bustle is at present here
unknown. It is no doubt to man the ships ordered in the
Mediterranean.._-Brighton Gazette.

FISHING EXTRAORDINARY.--Tuesday last
as Mr. Cams, of Oxford, was walking in his meadow, a
Newfoundland dog that attended him suddenly rushed into
a deep ditch, and brought out in his mouth a fine jack
weighing two pounds and a half, which he laid at the feel
of his master, unhurt ! Cheltenham Chronicle.

BIRTHS.
On the 24th inst. the lady of Sir A. Hood, Bart., High
Sheriff of Somersetahire, of a daughter.
On the 26th inst. the lady of D. Ferard, Esq. of Queen'
square, Westminster, of a son.
On the 25th inst. at Southend, the lady of Capt. A.
Shairp, R.N. of a son.

MARRIED.
On the 26th inst. at St. Pancras, Samuel V. Edward,'
Esq. to Emma Wellsford, third daughter of the late J.
Smith, Esq. of Upper Berkeley-street.
On the 12th January, at Nuesurabad, Lieutenant and
Adjutant G. A. Barbor, Bth Light Company, to Harriet
Eliza, second daughter of Captain Pereira, of the Artillery'

tp

DIED.
On the 26th inst. Edw. Pearson, Esq. of Mile-end Old
Town, aged 62.
On the 26th inst. at Highgate, Anne the widow of the
late J. S. Slade, Esq. of Hilsborough, Ireland.
At Florence, on the 12th inst. aged 50, Maria Nunsielst
the beloved wife of J. Literati, of Howland-street, Fitt'
roy-square.

PRINTED and PUBLISHED by MURDO YOUNG, at trig
OFFICE, 112, STRAND, LONDONt
