FLANDERS

BRUSSELS, SEPT. 27.--J. B. ‘Veyninclix, boro
'and living at Brussels, has been condemned to
year's imprisonment and costs, f6r having permit-
ted himself to sing, in the presence of a great
many petsons, some couplets in honour of tit
Emperor Napoleon.

Sr. 29.—The D 4 of Wellington, who Irsid
been 'to the PrassiAn head-quarters at Sedan, has
left that city to go nut! review the Russian corps
under thecomiTtand of General Count Woronzow.
The review of the English, Hanoverian, Saxon,
and Danish troops, which form the major part of
the right wing of the Army of oecnpation, ter-
minates the general, inspection made by his Grace,

It is stated, that the Duke of lirellington, with
a brilliant and numerous Staff, will come to Brus-
sels at the end of October.

FRANKFORT, SEPT. 25.--Bavaria, according to
the tenor of the Treaty of Munich, concluded with
Austria last spring, has still a claim to indemnities,
It desires to obtain them in the Palatinate, by re-
nouncing the Baden Circle of the Maine and Tau-
ber, which has been secured to it. It is pretended
that Austria exerts all its interests with the Court
of Baden to induce it to this cession; the most
difficult point is to find a suitable indeumity for
the Grand Duke of Baden. If the cession should
take place, the city of Manheim will become the
Seat of Government.

VIENNA, SEPT. 20.—The preparations for the
Emperor's marriage are continued ; the Gertua.n
Guard is to have, they say, a new uniform more
brilliant than the old one, and the riding-house it
In be converted into a ball-room. It is thought
that the marriage will be celebrated at Schoen-
brann, and that it will not be. till after the cere-
mony that our future Empress, and her august
parents, will come hither.

On the 12th there passed through Clogenfurth,
under it military escort, 7 waggons loaded with
motley corniug,froni Italy.

GHENT, OCT. I.—Our Deputies of the Second
Chamber of the States-General are returned. Tire
Law on the Customs has been adopted after a dis-
cussion, in which 141estrs. Van Alien and Pyche
defended with great ability the interests of our
manufactures. 3 ustiCe is in general done to the
new Laws in the Customs, and to the principles
which the Monarch has consecrated, which give
the trope of such amendments as may be found
necessary.

The adoption of this law offers a remarkable
singularity and an apparent contradiction, which
reflection will explain. All the Deputies of the
,louthern Provinces, without exception, bitVc WA-
forthe law; though they chewed the -incon--
veniencies attending some of the applications.
The DeputiO of the Northern Proviucel in gene-

We have this rnornin;.t received Brussels Papers
to the 3d, and those of Paris of the saint date.
It appears that the yellow fever tun broken out at
Mart ihiqe, but every precantiun is tskeo to pre-
Vcut its ,iprentiirig,

An article from Vienna expresses the astonish-
ment 'felt there at the demands of America upon
Naples.
But the news most interesting is, sire think, that
which relates to the political affairs of Sweden.
It is not entirely a novelty to us to learn that
•
Party runs very high to that nation 'against Ban-
NADoTTE, and that a multitude of Swedes and
Norwegians entertain an earnest wish that their
country Should, like the rest uf,-Enrope, return
under the sway of its legitimate Prince. They
feel ashamed of forming an exception to the gene-
ral yule. Some of the particulars contained in
these Papers arc possessed of considerable im-
portance. , ,

The Journal de
.Paris, under the title of a
" Coup-d'ceil Politique. Review of the Mouth of
September 1816," has a tirade hostile to England
and very favourable to Atnerica.• It is too long
for us to-day, but we mean to return to it.
Three pages Of the Illonikur are filled with offi-
cial regulations respecting
.the preservation, &c.
of national timber for ship-buikling.

Amongst the Christians who groaned under
the iron hand of slavery at Algiers were 150 Ito-
.
man subjects. -They wore erninarked on board an
Unglish frigate for Civita- Vecchia."

So says a Paris Paper ! how glorious an answer
do these hundred and fifty redeemed wretches give
to the pitiful insinuations against the British cha-
racter, which we translated from another Paris
journal, of yesterday, and given, most unluckily
for its splenetic author, under the very date of
Cicitu Vecchia—a place filled with -gratitiule
to Britain, and with rejoicing at the period alluded
to, or utterly incapable of generous sentiment
and honest . feeling ! No ! No! these envious
murmurs—these dirty insinuations against this
country belong to Paris alone, and do not disgrace.
any town of Italy.

We reprint the article at greater lengfb., for
the .salceol the contrast :

CIVITA-VECCULAI, SEPT. I4.—The news of
Lord Famotrrit's victdry has produced a great
sensation in this city. English Consul ecle-
hrated it hy. a htilliant fete, to which all the
Foreign Consuls were invited. Numerous 108SIE
were drank in honour of the conquerors. A
painful reflexion has, however, somewhat di.;
ntinished the joy we experienced. England ap-
pears by her Treaty to recognize the right of the
DEYof Ar.ozerts to attack our vessels. The bar-

anat!s,

i

i

1

war they may make according to the rights of na-
tions ; but we • know b6willusdry their promises
are : and what is more vexations this Ttraty tars
away all kinds of paritime independence nom
Italy, and forces her to place itself under the pro-
tection of the English flag. We already complain
that the English vessels have broken the commer-
cial balance in our ports, ho shipMents being
made except by those who freight at a cßaper
rate. They are at once merchants and counms-
sinners. Now they have gained another adetin
tage—they are become our protectors to such 1.
degree that our safety depends upon them." ! !
And very well it is for them that they have
such protectors

We copy the f9llowing from GALIGNANCS
Path Messenger of the 3d instant, received this
morning. It affords a seasonabie hint to our
Travellers rather to remain at home in a laud (if
security, than expend their fortunes abroad
iu
discomfort and. danger
" Two English families, after having Pa"cd
Lausanne on their road to Milan, were attack')
in the neighbourhood of Seste, (about nine leagto
from Milan), by a'band, of robbers, consisting of
fourteen men completely armed and masked, WO
stripped them of all their valuables, and it was
with 'difficulty they escaped with life.

The polling for LOCD MAYOR COOCllitleS thi"
,afternoon, and it is easy to see that the result
must be similar to the state of the votes in n'r
subsequent column.. In a matter so importal "
the City, it is strange: tbat.not a qliartelytlll4:.
Livery have come forward to the HuStings. T'a'r'
Traps the great majority of that 'numerous 1)94
reiy On the powers and wisdom of the Ccrirt
Aldermen, to rescue them from the impositio"
tempted by a Party.

There WRS a reportin 'Change-alley
yester
that the Bank of England hnad agreed to ad"'a
"•q';
Government ten millions on Exchequer Prllg
The PRINCE REGENT entertained a select F4'';
yesterday to dinner : among the guests was (11°
new Portuguese Ambassador, the Count D4'
PAL:4EIA.
The paragraph in our last
(says the Journ •
,
where the report originated), which stated the
illness or the Princess of WALF.s,, was errotwo"::
tichit
as to the date of the letter from Naples, b
'
the intelligence was received. The 14th ;,f
leather should have been mentioned, instead a-
tilt! 24th.
Her (+ We the Duchess of WItt,LINGToN
barked on Thursday on hoard the King aeorge
packet at Dover for CaLtis, when she will
ceed to join her illustrious husband.
Orld'ehre orf.ol:;Si:lCt•il3l.li:rdszEi it:lmt°"ulTial7; 45731°11'44:
seldom conferred upon n foreiguer. hlc.
Lieutenant-Colonel TuottNros, who lest
arm in one of the last actioul on the Continent,
has succeeded to the Lieutenant Governorship
the garrison of Hull.
Accounts received at Vienna from Coos ,„
maple state, that the festival of the Ila,rion
menced on the 23d of August. At the tielalturc,e
1"1„
of the courier there.was a report of a grc:lt
abbot to take place in,the Turkish
Many of our public trriters blame M. 16j 0
E TM-111E14ND fir inconsistency.. WI: slit'''. iiti‘
'soon expect rectilineal motion in an eel as 1)"
cal consistency in any Frenchman 1
BOISSIN, the person accused of haring ,fir
. Extract from a private letter, dated ("3`31t,'',0.-
eilre
,
iptlvirasitsrotollo. aotfGNenisenritells
3d InIalit":"f! Every thing here is more
LolElottneolviittlvitisate.onttnit,tecii
lt,zo
y.
than in England. - Much of the rjlh the
pecially oats, is not yet ripe, and touch lying
ground, in a very bad stAte, which, I rear.
be impossible to save. Some of the British
c,trrl '.0,0
cers, ashort time since, went trom.the
St. Omers, the Governor of which had
stint, and kept the Mims there for the HY Gee
On complaint rnaile by them next morniug
neral rAt;E:.,The wrote a letter to the Co'e
appri,,iag. him, that should any of his'Otrlrei,ls, • ~tinzo power, he would confine them-0-3 'lv
which he sent to the Duke of WeLosors.ll
Gavern,ir, it is.said, has in cOnsequeo'ci

persefied." •
A Letter from llome, dated September 7Y,0-31;
I.l' great change Is ohierv,,i,le since the "'ate( •
_of/.tia kohl:lry is t 31;io* its empire-0i
laztoess anti mentlicity s sett'} 1006° ti;o
10 br:tug hack All the -tetrf;rs and itorroFslL';,,
intlutsirion, but his tioliue--s has hrong" .111
.that spir:t charity ,:, which ire
\a have for the frailties' of human Itteture•
SSOLINI*B pbbliCation, on the means (If
c hats beets srtNtt•tSset#'al}rl ~il-.
:,,wrioargegi l'e'lici.iill:lsnitttoeliptsleeit,erl:ti s::;:t
r.q,01
the fanatic tart{ rtt
sitors elsewhere, in tinier that the pure ;1;.r! by
thet Gospel may t the only conont,s to S'`—
‘lllGerl."--(French Paper sail
llnPOn tall is to be held at Out"- „or
Ce'
Tnesday.next, the Bth instant, for the Firei: 0,0
"ct'iving the lieport of the. late Sheri°,
result elf their atttintiance upon his 11,0Y"'i 1,0
nest the l'arscs REGEST,'," if' kill'"? .ii
nti 1 ;e.
Would bepieaßeti to receivea the AddlAt'l's
titianT he I.l;rrieceedotr a2sl it*ce'tft ''!iirittgPliasitiirlia:ll:crlstci::estr,
at a prtotium of from ~•4x [0 seVell
thMISMI'L It is ascribed to the tin i 14
"1 by I!lreigners, antong' others, hV agent'
•
Bank ot price
ter
oiGtholeld
64:17,,tiolittoklitniotwahier ipsrces:'t.
go 1 cilver
ounce that of new doubloons 31. 14s. nos
mains at the former prices.---Standard at
dollars at 4s,
