POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

HATTON G.4RDEN.
Yesterday Charles Bicker, clerk to Messrs. Swan and Mar-
tin, solicitors, of No. 1, Little James street, Bedford-row, was
brought before Mr. BENNETT, in the custody of Thornton,
91, E division, charged with having embezzled various sums
of money from his employers.
A Solicitor for the prosecution stated that the prisoner was
dicovered to have embezzled various sums of money, and on
Monday last Mr. Martin entrusted him with a check upon
Gosling, his banker, for hl., when he absconded, and was not
met with until Wednesday night last, when he was given into
custody ; but in consequence of the shortness of the time they
were not prepared with the necessary evidence, and he wished
him to be remanded.-IZeinaoded.

MARYLEBONE.
Yesterday Mr. John Green Eaton, the Surveyor to the
Equitablo Gaslight Company, John street, Adelphi, appeared
before Mr. SHUTT, upon an imformation laid by the authorities
of St. hlarylebone, charged under the 53d section, 57 George
111., chap. 29, commonly called Michael Angelo Taylor's Act,
with breaking up 49 square feet of pavement without having
duly obtained the consent of the above vestry, whereby be
had rendered himself liable to a penalty of not less than 51.,
upon each square foot of ground so broken up.
Mr. SHUTT having heard the arguments pro and con. at
very considerable length, decided the information to be good,
and convicted the defendant in the penalty of 245 L, being at
the rate of 51. for each square foot of pavement removed:
Notice of appeal was immediately given, for the purpose of
trying the legality of the decision at the Quarter Sessions.

LTEEN-S QUA RE.
Owen Owen, the proprietor of the Black Ilorso, Yoik-
street, Westminster, appeared on an information laid against
him by Birch, the notorious informer, for serving during the
hours of Divine Service on Sunday, the ith instant.
Mr. GREGORIE dismissed the summons.
A second information against the same defendant for an of-
fence alleged to have been committed in the afternoon of the
same day, shared similar fate, as did about half-a-dozen
more against other publicans.

UNION HALL.
Yesterday, Charles Smith, a cabinet-maker, in Calletch-
street, Newington, was summoned at the instance of Charles
Simmonds, for ill-treatment and neglecting to teach him his
trade.

The MAGISTRATES having commented in Strong terms on
the conduct of the defendant towards his apprentice, ad-
judged that the indentures should be cancelled, and that he
pay over half the premium that he received.
A smart-looking little boy, attended with his master, for
the purpose of being bound apprentice to a chimney-sweeper.
The boy had been six weeks on trial with his master, and
that he liked the business so well, and was so fond of climbing
up chimneys, that ho wished to be bound apprentice.
The MAGISTRATE said that this was cold weather for
getting up chimneys, and asked the deponent whether he
would not like to be bound to some other trade that was of a
more cleanly description ?
'De boy, in reply, had always fixed his mind on the trade
of a " chummy," and now that he had an opportunity of know:.
ing what it was, having been up all kinds of chimneys, he still
had the same desire of serving his time to it.

*the MAGISTRATE asked him how he had been treated by
his master? Boy—l gets plenty of grub, and he behaves like
a father to me,
The master of the boy having stated that he would do his
duty by him, and teach him the trade, the iudentures were
accordingly filled up and ratified,

WIT 6 WHICH
" THE TRUE SUN" IS NOW
INCORPORATED.

LONDON :
FRIDAY EVENING, JANUARY 12, lass.

irony to the fact, that before a single election had taken
place in Ireland, the determination of the Tory party
to petition against the return of Liberal Members was
deliberately taken. To carry this determination into
effect—or, in other words, to wage indiscriminate war
against the Liberal electors of Ireland—the SPOTTIS- •
WOODE conspiracy was organized, under the auspices
of a man who has amassed a large quantity of the
public money in his coffers, and who no doubt thought
that it could not be better employed than in under-
mining public liberty.
Such being the character of the SPorriswoomt
subscription, 'and such the object of its promoters, it
is scarcely necessary to say that no comparison can
be drawn between it, and that whose object is to
defend the constitutional rights thus assailed, and
which, without such defence, are in imminent danger
of being overwhelmed. Nor ought we to confine our
views to the immediate effects of this wholesale attack
upon the rights of the Irish constituencies. Let
it but succeed—let the seats of the Members, against
whom this deadly set is made be left undefended
through the want of ability to meet the expense
which must be incurred by their defence—and a pre•
cedent is formed which we may rest assured will be di-
ligently acted upon in future. Henceforth none but
numerous and wealthy constituencies will enjoy the
privilege of returning Members of whose political prin-
ciples the Tories disapprove. We therefore hope and
trust, that every man who regards the exercise of the
elective franchise as a sacred constitutional right, will
use his best exertions to promote a subscription set on
foot, for the sole purpose of protecting this right
against an attack more unprincipled in its nature, and
more dangerous in its consequences, than any that has
ever been made upon it since the Commons were first
represented in Parliament.

There is no country on the face of the earth in
which the relations that should subsist between land-
lord and tenant have been so utterly lost sight of, t ,
the manifest injury of the latter, as Ireland. In al:nos
every other quarter of the globe, some regard h
always been paid towards improving the social condi
tion and multiplying the comforts of the occupiers
~
the soil, except Ireland ; which has added to ou
vocabulary the too ill-omened words " Absenteeis
aria Rack-rent." Here is the only place where th
rich wring all they can from the sweat of th
poor, and yet afterwards leave the poor, not in a
state of comparative comfort, but absolutely without
the means in many cases of sustenance necessary t 4
support a miserable existence. Here is the onl
place which sends forth a petty sort of nabob laude
proprietary with splendid incomes, derived from th
ei
over-taxed labour of a population, who are periodically!
sutFered by those whose bounden duty it is to guard
them Against such a calamity, to become the victi
of that most frightful of all earthly scourges—famin
Who can bear of such splendid fetes of such Iris
absentees as the Marquis of HERTFORD—whether th'
locality he in the gay Italian Cassino, where the so _
zephyr has hardly power' to waft the mingled fragrance
of orange bowers, with the melting tones :of the plea-
sant lute--or in the glittering saloons in the Regent's-
park, and not feel the bitterness of sorrow come
over his mind, to think of the wretched creatures
who are pining in want to produce such luxury ? What
an outburst of philanthrophy used to stun our ears, in
favour of the African bondsmen in our West Indian
colonies—yet we have no WILBERFORCES or Bux-
TONS to raise their voices in favour of the abolition of
white slavery in Ireland—and that too, coupled with
what the negro serfs had never to complain of—starva-
tion. It is refreshing for us, however, to know tha
there are some Irish landed proprietors who do not imi
tate so heartless an example ; and it is with pleasur,,
that we can place at the head of so meritorious a clas '
the London Companies, who have, generally speak
ing, ever evinced a consciousness of the obligation
imposed on them as the lords of the soil, and a readi
ness at considerable sacrifice to perform them. Far be
it from us, while we acknowledge that the London
Companies have done a great deal, to be supposed to
give it as our opinion, that taking them collectively
they have done anything like what the immense re
venue derived from their Irish estates could have en.
abled them to accomplish—still, we must remembe.
that a reforming spirit has not been long abroad
and that, if they have done but little corn'
I
pared with what they ought to have don '
yet that they have far outstripped the majority o
Irish landlords in their benevolent exertions, an ,
that what they did do, was performed during th
times of corruption. The Honourable, the Irish So'
ciety, the Governor of which is Sir MATTHE
WOOD, for a length of time was rather negligent i
exercising that wholesome control over the res
of the Companies which the charter places in
its hands ; and therefore, the alienation of pro-
perty, especially by the Goldsmith's Company, in
conjunction with the Middleman system of letting
land, which has operated so perniciously in Ireland, and
has tended perhaps as much as anything else to preven
improvement, was suffered to exist to a considerable
extent ; it is, however, right to state that since the
body has undergone a change in its constitution, for
which we have to thank such efficient civic Reformers
as our excellent and venerable friend ALEXANDER
GALLOWAY, and since the appointment of Mr.
DAVIES to the important office of Secretary, which
must always be important either for good or evil in a
fleeting body which is annually changing its mem-
bers, that a wonderful improvement has taken place ;
and that the Irish Ssciety might now be cited
as an example to the very best landlords in the sister
country. While upon this subject, it affords us much
gratification to be able to announce that Mr. ED
WARD FLETCHER, the Chairman of the late Enter-
tainment Committee, has been appointed the general
agent of the Society, and has therefore taken his de-
parture for Ireland. It is sufficient to name this gentle-
man to satisfy every one acquainted with his public
character, or private worth, that the most beneficial
results may reasonably be anticipated from so judicious
an appointment.

In another part of our paper will be found the Re-
solutions passed at a Meeting of Reformers held at
the British Coffee-house, Cozkspur-street, to which
we beg the particular attention of our readers. The
object of the Meeting was to set on foot a subscription
for the purpose of defending those scats in Parliament
which have been singled out for attack by that notorious
set of conspirators against the elective rights of the
people, commonly known by the style and title of the
44 SPOTTISWOODE Gang." The Meeting calls upon
the Reformers throughout the United Kingdom to in-
stitute similar subscriptions, and we cannot doubt that
theca!l will be responded to with an alacrity proportioned
to the important bearing which the SPOTTISWOODE
petitions may have upon the interests of Reform. We
shall probably be told by the organs of Toryism,
whose trade is misrepresentation, that the Reformers
in raising subscriptions for such a purpose are doing
the very same thing which they denounce as so
criminal in their political opponents. But the dis-
tinction between the two cases is so broad and
palpable that it cannot be overlooked by any but the
wilfully blind. The subscription in the one case is
aggressive—in the other dcfensive. This, however,
though highly important, is far from being the most
important point in which the two proceedings differ
from each other. That which distinguishes the SPOT-
TISWOoDE subscription from all others—that which
stamps it with an unconstitutional and even criminal
character—is this, that it is raised for the purpose of
supporting election petitions bottomed in premeditated
fraud, and got up, not to try the merits of the returns
Petitioned against, but to bear down opposition by the
weight of the joint-stock purse of a party. It is this
atrocious principle which communicates an indelible
stain to the SPOTTISWOODE subscription, and reflects
disgrace upon all who aid and abet it. We are not speak-
ing at random. The pages of the Tory press bear testi-

We begin to suspect the orthodoxy of our Contem-
porary, the Post. To sneer at the inactivity and the
habitual drowsiness of the dignitaries of the Estab-
lished Church, savours strongly of dissent, if not of
rank infidelity. Never were we more surprised to find
any thing, than we were to discover in an article about
the affairs of Canada, which appears in our Contem-
porary of this morning, the annexed careful enumera-
tion of the qualities non-requisite to a distinguished
Church dignitary. The worst feature in this attack
upon the drowsy drones of the Establishment is its
covertness—the Post, evidently insinuating that
any old woman would make a respectable Prebend,
Pluralist, or even Bishop :

Perhaps Lord Glenelg never read the despatches. There
is no amount of sleepy indolence in that Minister which would
surprise us. When he was Secretary in Ireland he let every-
thing go to ruin through sheer neglect, and we cannot help
thinking that the state of affairs in Canada will turn out to be
in great measure owing to a similar failing. Lord Glenelg,
we are aware, is far from being destitute of mental capacity.
He might have made a tolerable Prebendary, and if he could
have spared so much time from slumber, have written tole-
rable books ; but for aetive business—for anything that re-
quirei energy, promptitude, decision—he is manifestly no
more fit than one of Lord Spencer's oxen would be to run a
race at Newmarket."

To make a Church dignitary—and a very respectable
one too—the Post distinctly admits that energy,
promptitude, decision, or even the consciousness of a
waking existence, are not essential. Our Contem-
porary clearly. limits the duties of a waking Church
dignitary to the writing of books ; but every body
knows that it is at the option Df Churchmen to write
books or to let them alone, just as they please ; and
it must be allowed than when they wake for such a pur-
pose, it is only to set the world sleeping around them.
It is some consolation to know that the infirmities
urged by the Tories against the Noble Colonial Secre-
tary are so many qualifications for a mitre. To
dose in lawn is, according to our Contemporary,
orthodox in the highest degree. To lose Ireland "by
sheer neglect" is only culpable in a Secretary of
State ; for when a Bishop falls asleep he only sets a
good example to his flock. We would feel obliged to
our Contemporary, who must be deep in the secrets of
the Tory elect, were he to find a suitable sleeping
partner fur the drowsy Colonial Secretary. Is there
no relict of an Archbishop desirous of re-entering
upon a state of somnolency ?

The Paris Journals of Wednesday, with advices
from Madrid of the Ist inst. have been received this
morning. Their contents continue to be very unim-
portant. The debate in the Chamber of Deputies on
the Address has hitherto been as drowsy as it is pos-
sible to conceive. M. HAS vita, of the Gauche, de-
livered a long speech on Wednesday, only equalled in
dulness by St. ANDREW AGNEW'S celebrated orations
on his own Sabbath Starvation Bills. The only remark-
able circumstance connected with the debate, is the
avowal, by M. JAUBERT, of a determination on the
part of the Doctrinnaires to support the present Ca-
binet. This secures to Ministers about sixty addi-
tional votes, and will have the effect of preserving the
Doctrinaires from destruction—for the rejection of
thirty-nine members of that body at the last election
sufficiently proved the want of any sympathy for them
in the majority of the electoral colleges. The follow-
ing are extracts from the journals :
The Sentinelle des Pyrenees, of the 6th, says that the
Carlist expedition of Garcia, after passing the Ebro, has
stopped at Manilla. As soon as it was known that it had
passed the river, three battalions of infantry and 300 horse, of
the Queen's troops, went to meet it. Don Basilio Garcia set
out on the 4th.

The soldiers of Don Basilio received a month's pay before
they passed the Ebro, and the officers a third.
Don Carlos was expected to arrive at Estella on the sth.
A letter from St. Jean Pied du Port says, that Quinones
has applied to the French Authorities for permission to pass
through the French territory with his treops, in order to pro-
ceed to Jaca, and thence to Pampeluna. This Chief is ap-
prehensive of beim, surprised by some Carlist battalions if he
proceed to Pampeluna by the direct route.—Le Commerce.
The Siecle states that subscriptions are being organised in
several towns of France for the parpose of enlisting French
volunteers fur Canada.
The following letter from Madrid, dated Ist instant, is from
the correspondence of the Constitutionnel:—" M. Calatrava,
and M. Martinez de la Rosa have bad an interview at the
residence of General Castanos; but, instead of coming to an
understanding as to the intervention and conduct of France,
they parted in great anger. Both are about to publish me-
morials, which, no doubt, will make known the state of the
question between them.• The Royal printing-office is closely
guarded by sentinels, and for these last two days no one is
permitted to enter cr conic out. It is said that the men are
engaged in printing a long manifesto by the Count d'Ofala
on the new order of things intended to be imposed on Spain.
Some persons, however, affirm that they are bringing out the
project of a convention, which Don Carlos, under the advice
of France and England, has declared his willingness to sign,
and one of the articles of which stipulates for a marriage be-
tween his son and Hueen Isabella."

A letter of the 31st ult. from Tudela, quoted by the Senti-
nelle des Pyrenees, observes that there are three parties
amongst the Carlists, basing each their colour—the berrels
blancs, the herrets bleus, and the berrets rouges. The first
are freemasons, the second belong to the juste milieu, and the
last are tho genuine Royalists. The same Journal publishes
a letter of the 3th instant from the frontier, stating that, by
order of Garcia, the Carlist Commandant-General of Na-
varre, two flying parties of 100 men had been placed on the
roads nearest to Pampluna, to prevent all importations, and
that the goods stopped were to be divided between these troops
and the Junta of Navarre. 200 men intercepted all commu-
nications with Pampeluna, although there were 4,000 infantry
and 200 cavalry in the place. Garcia's soldiers had received
a month's pay before passing the Ebro, and the officers one-
third.

FRENCH FUNDS—Pm/it., JAN. 10.
Pive per Cents., 1 St tic. 109 f.
Four per Cents., Nit. :we. title.
liree„Der Cents., 79f. 15e. 21,c. 25e. 40e.
Bank Actions, 2,fihof. 2,540 f. 2,600 f,
Dente 'le Naples, 1181: 5c 10c. Vo,
Roman Five per Cents., 101 1005 i,
Spanish Actives, 204%.
Spanish Passives, 4%.
Ltelyisn Loan, Five per Cents, 103%,
Belgian Bank, 1,49411 f. 1,492 f. 5 c. 1,45 f. 1,490 f.
Portwuese !man, Three per Cents. 18.
Hayttan Loan, 3,12 f. 5Vc. 395 f,

kiXCHANOR ON LuNnoN.
o.e month, paper, —c ; money, 25r. 471,4 e
"I'f.ree months, paper, 251 money, 2.5 t. 31.1,4 e.
LAS I' PRICES.
Five per Cents. 10,1 f. 20c.
Three per Cents. 791. 50c.
Bank Actions, '2,60 !f.
Romans' 100%.
Belgian Loan, 103%.
Belgian Bank, 1,4951.
Portuguese Three per Cents., 19!4.
Spanish Actives, 21.
Spanish Passives, ,St.
Haytian Loan,

THE SUN, LONDON, FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1,38.

CHANCERY COURT.-(THIS DAY.)

The LORD CHANCELLOR sat in the Court at Westminster
and took appeals.

?RICE V. DENTIICRST.

Mr. IlVion rlsumed his argument in this appeal from the
decision of the Vise-Chancellor, which he commenced yester-
day, and had not concluded when our Reporter left.

ROLLS' COURT-(THIS DAY).

This was the first general petition day in term, and the
MASTER Of the ROLLS was occupied the greater part of the
morning in hearing those petitions that were unopposed.

ORCHARD V. TAYLOR.
It appeared from the statement of the petition in this ease,
presented by the Rev. Samuel Littlewood, curate of Edington,
uI Wilts, that a grant, by letters patent, of the reetory and church
of Edington in Wilts, with the rights and appurtenances
thereunto, was made by Queen Elizabeth, in the third year of
her reign, to the Marquis of Winchester, in consideration of
the aunt of 1,805/. 163. 2d. The rectory extended to the
clear annual value of 24/. 195. 10Id. to be held in capite, by the
service of one hundredth part of a knight's fee, in lieu of all ser-
vices, except 11. 3s. 4d. to the See of Salisbury, and 71. 6:4. Bd.
for the stipend of two chaplains for serving the cure of the
church. Since the granting of the letters patent, the service
of the cure had been performed by a curate nominated by the
owners of the impropriate rectory, who had been paid by,
them a larger stipend than the 71. 6s. Bd. The petition fur-
ther stated, that some time prior to the year 1750, the annual
sum of 301. had been paid, and the impropriate rectory having
in 1750 became vested in the Duke of Bolton, he paid the
Curate the same annual sum. In 1820 the Rectory became
vested in Mrs. Taylor, the wife of George Watson Taylor.
After the death of the Duke of Bolton, the annual stipend of
30/. was paid to the Curate, together with a further annual
sum of ten guineas in lieu of a residence, and up to
1826 the annual stipend of forty pounds was paid
to the (':rate by Mr. and Mrs. Watson. The Curacy
had been augmented by the Governors of Queen Anne's
bounty, by 1401., the interest of which 471. 45. 6d. was paid
by them to the Curate. In September, 1826, Mr. Little-
wood, the petitioner, was appointed to the curacy, when Mr.
Taylor agreed to make the stipend equal to 2001. a-year.
Mr. Taylor having become embarrassed in the year, 1831 ;
left his residence in Edington, and from that time, nothing
had been paid to the petitioner, except the annual sum of
471. 4s. 6d. by the Governor of Queen Anne's Bounty, and the
surplus fees amounting to about 81. In March, 1830, an
order was m de in the cause, referring it to the Master to ap-
point a receiver. A Receiver was appointed, who has since
that time been in possession of the profits of the Rectory, but
who has made no payment to Mr. Littlewood on account of
his stipend, and still refused to do so. The petitioner there
fore prayed that the receiver might be directed to pay him
the arrears of the annual sum of 140/., which had occurred
since the Ist September, 1831..
Mr. SHARPE, who appeared for the petitioner, thought as
there was some difficulty about the case, the better way would
be for his client to take a reference to the Master, to inquire
what stipend ought to be paid to him as Curate, with liberty to
state special circumstances.
The MASTER of the Rom.s—You may take that order.
HONETWOOD V. POCTRR.

Mr. SIDEBOTTOM appeared in support of the petition of
William Honey wood, an infant and tenant-in-tail of certain
large estates. The petition prayed for the confirmation of two
reports made by the Master, in pursuance of certain orders
made in the year 1836, one of which directed an inquiry,
whether any increase should be made in the allowance to
the petitioner. The infant had had 2301. a year allowed
him for maintenance, but, during the last half year, a dis-
order in his ear rendered it necessary that he should be
brought to London, from his school, in order that
he might have proper assistance. The expense of that
amounted to 18W. The Master found that that sum was pro-
perly laid out, and it was therefore proposed to add it to the
half-yearly payments, and hand it over to his mother, who
had been appointed guardian. The Master, by his report,
also found it would be expedient that the infant should be re-
moved from the private school at which he was at present, to
the school at Harrow, the expense of which would be 1701.
It was therefore proposed that the allowance to the infant
should be increased from 230/. to 4001. The other report was
made in pursuance of an order to ascertain whether there was
any timber fit to be cut, and the Master found there was. This
last reference had been made under the 64th General Order of
the Court of 1828, relative to the management of estates by
receivers.

The MASTER of the ROLLS confirmed the first part of the
Report as to the increase of the allowance, but his Lordship
refused to confirm the latter part, being of opinion that an au-
thority to a Receiver to " manage" did not authorise the
felling of timber, which might havo been planted for shelter
or ornament.

Mr. SIDEBOTTOM thought he could find a case in which that
construction had been put in the Order.
The NIASTRR of the ROLLS said that he himself had never
gone to that extent. He thought it would be a large con-
struction of the word 'management to say, that it authuriied the
cutting down of timber to the extent proposed.
His LORDSHIP then gave Mr. Sidebottom leave to mention
the case again, should he find an authority supporting this
part of the prayer of the petition.

VICE-CHANCERY.-(THIS DAY.)

BLL ICE V. GOODSON.

His HoNouß the Vice-Chancellor gave judgment to-day in
this case, which was argued before him some time hick. The
case came before the Court upon a demurrer filed to the bill
of the plaintiff fur multifariousness end want of equity. The
bill was filed for the purpose of having an account of certain
transactions that had taken place between the
the defendant, Sir William Young, and several other
parties • in the Bill tlee different transactions had been mixed
up, and on tat ground the demurrer bid been filed. His
Honour, after going at considerable length into the different
transactions, stater his opinion to be, after the 11%6;4 mature
consideration of the case, that the demurrer ought to be
allowed fur multifariousness.
Demurrer allowed.

;t1 Cs`
Ot,

Zriebt
