CITY, THURSDAY EVENING.

By the Post-Office Mails which arrived this morning from
France and Hamburgh, advices have been received from various
quarters in Europe. From Odessa the letters are dated on the
21st June. At that place appearances respecting peace or war
betwixt Turkey and Russia remained the same. None of the
Ottoman troops had been withdrawn from the Provinces, nor
had any change taken place in the position of the Russian
army. The rumours were, however, exceedingly pacific.—
New lights, it seems, can burst on Princes as well as on in-
dividuals. Alexander, the great and powerful, not a year
agoF required redress from the Porte for injuries committed
on the Greek Christians. The Porte, however, with that lofty
dignity which is the necessary concomitant of legitimate
power, continued to assert her right of inflicting legiti-
mate punishment on her rebellious Christian subjects; she
continued to degrade polished Christian women, to murder
Greek merchants, and to rob the Christians of their property
and their honour, to lead Grecian children into slavery, to
circumcise the young, and to convert them to the true faith
of the only true believers, until the entire iniquity was con-
summated by the bloody and inhuman scenes at Scio. The
Emperor ALEXANDER, who was a few months ago so eager to
avenge the death of a single priest, has received a new light
from the vigour exhibited by the SULTAN. He is now reported

to be most anxious to maintain peace, because it is necessary for
the present system of Europe, but rhore probably because the
energy displayed by the barbarians has completely (lisvigonred
' him, and rendered him doubtful of his power to establish him-
self in that fairest portion of the globe. The letters from Odessa
state that their Emperor would use all means in his power to
maintain peace; that he was expected soon at Warsaw on his
way to the Congress, which is to be held next September at
Florence; and that Turkey had nothing to fear at present from
his hostility.—Advices had been received from Constantinople
at Odessa, dated June 15, at which time no uncommon enor-
mity had taken place in the capital of the protected Ally
of the British Ministry. The conversation in both Houses
of Parliament yesterday has been read with much inte-
rest, and, in some measure, it acquits the Ministers of
any interference, on their part, hostile to the liberties of
Greece. Many points are, however, still unexplained. No
contradiction has been given (nor can any be given) to the
fact, that a vessel laden with the unfortunate inhabitants of
Selo who had escaped from pollution, murder, rapine, and de-
bauchery, had been denied the rights of hospitality, at Zante,
by the British Authorities, and compelled to proceed to an
Austrian port. No explanation nor contradiction was given
to another well-known fact, that Patras had been supplied with
provisions by the interference of British authority, when other-
wise its wants must have quickly compelled its surrender to
the Christian forces. No explanation was given to another
fact, that a vessel sailed a few weeks ago from London,
direct for Constantinople, with 500 barrels of gunpowder on
board, which could only have been shipped by the special license
of the British Government. No mention was made of the
merchant ship, the Prince Leopold, now loaded with every im-
plement of war, in the river Thames, and about to sail under
convoy of the Turkish frigate, navigated with British seamen,
and which in an hour can be perfectly equipped from the mili-
tary stores on board the Prince Leopold. -Che Greel:s, how.
ever, have on their side the cause of human nature, and the best
wishes of every enlightened man. Their success is certain, for '
their constancy under misfortune is well established in history.
—Their liberty will be established, and it will be the more
valuable, because it has been effected by their own virtues and
sufferings. They will then gain the respect of Europe, and will
vindicate their claims to a high station in civilization, by their
future efforts in the promotion of commerce and of the arts.—
From St. Petersburgh the letters are dated on the 28th June.
The E sum it on does not allow his subjects to know any thing of
their foreign political relations, and consequently letters from the
Russian Capital seldom contain any public news. The Exchange
on London was a shade lower, being 10 1-32 to 10d., and trade
was very dull. White Havannah Sugar had been sold at the
very low price of 21 roubles per pood for ready money. There
were sellers of tallow at one hundred rubles.—From Ham-
burgh the letters are dated on the 12th current. The Ex-
change on London was then 37. 14. at two months, and 375.
4&. for short-dated paper. There was money on London for
good bills. The prices of coffee were advancing, notwith-
standing there had been considerable arrivals ; whilst sugar
remained uncommonly dull, and lower in value. There was
a considerable demand for saltpetre, though at low prices.—
The weather was favourable for the crops, and the late alarm
for their safety had in a great measure subsided. Prices of
all descriptions of grain were consequently lower in the in.
terior in Germany, though in Holland they continued to advance.
Their latest letters from Italy represented the crop in that coun-
try as suffering severely from drought ; and the produce was not
expected to exceed half an average growth. At a meeting of
the Burgerschaft, which consist of all the Burgers possess-
ed of a certain value of real property, and may be compared in a
certain degree to the British House of Commons, as every matter
relative to money, taxes, &c. must originate with them, it has
been determined to change the system of selling goods by the pre-
sent different weights and measures, and in the variety of monies
and agios now in use; and that after the Ist September next, all
goods must be sold by the pound or 100 lb. and in Banco money
only. It is further in their contemplation to fix a real and not an
imaginary tare, which must be very beneficial to trade. They
have farther determined that the present duty on goods of
1 per cent. shall cease with the present year, and that
the Senate shall, in due time, propose other modes for
raising money for the expences of the State for their tip-
probation. Thus does reform of old customs begin in the
minor States, and before long the most powerful Empires
must find the necessity of its adoption.—This was the
settling day at the Stock Exchange, and it has passed over
without any public defaulter having been declared.—The
Account which commenced on the 7th May at 79i ,on the
25th June, reached 811, and closed this day at 80i a 81. There
has been a prodigious amount of Stock taken ; but as the party
does not buy for August, there is only one quarter per cent.
betwixt the price for money, and that for the Account of
the 28th August next, the time price being only 791 a 79i, the
dividend deducted. Money is very plentiful. Foreign Securities
continue extremely dull. The French Rentes have been
done at 91. 25. ; Prussian Old Bonds at 88, and the New Loan
at 85g. Columbian Old Bonds are at 102, and the New Sixes
have declined to 83i, the Scrip being 848. Spanish Bonds are
quite as dear. The Old are saleable at 61 ii, and the New at
611. The latest letters from Paris report that every thing was
tranquil at Madrid on the 9th July, and that on the following
day 50 of the Royal Guard, who had been made prisoners with
arms in their hands, had been ordered to be shot. If the Liberal
Government has been able to carry this punishment into effect., ,
it will be sufficient proof of their strength. The Danish Bonds
are at 86i, and the Neapolitan at 70,/ ; Russian Metallic
Fives 78, and Austrian Fives 78. Chili 794 M. It °Tits-
c Russian Loan 81i a 82. It is exceedingly ;lull. Several
lists are formed for the new Portuguese Loan of about two mil-
lions. The contractors arc reported to be highly respectable.
The first general adventure to Columbia from London will
sail in a few days. It consists entirely of British manufactured
goods, and amounts to about 25,0001. The premium of in-
surance is much enhanced in consequence of the British Go-
vernment not at once acknowledging the independence of the
South American Republics. The interest of British commerce,
and the just claims of men who have conquered their freedom, '
equally demand a liberal policy towards these States on the part
of the British Empire. The time may soon arrive when the
benefits of a free trade may be asked in vain, and the present
opportunity of creating the gratitude and confirming the fi iend-
ship of these rich and rising States should not be lost.—(liforn-
ing Chronicle.)

THE GuAnns.—This morn:ng an immense
crowd of spectators assembled in St. James's
Park to witness a grand muster of the Foot
Guards, consisting of the Ist and 2d battalions
of the Ist Regiment or Grenadiers, under the
command of Lieut.-Col. To wNsrisro, awl of the
Ist and 2d battalions, comprising the 2d Regi-
ment, or Coldstreams, under the orders of Col.
MACDONALD, which took place on the Parade
at ten o'clock. The several Companies were
also attended by their respective Officers, and the
medical gentlemen belonging to the regiments.—
After the whole had formed in one body, an
Officer from each company handed a paper to
COI. GARDNEU, containing a list of names belong-
ing to every company, who, after calling them over
individually,they passed in line, then formed them-
selves into separate divisions and proceeded to their
respective quarters. They were a fine body of
men, looked remarkably healthy, and the whole
had a noble and military appearance.

The reduction of the Malt Duty has set num-
berless private breweries to work in the manu-
facturing districts; so that the consumption of
Barley will be considerably increased.
EXETER, JULY s.—Miss DRUSULA STREET
is safely lodged with a friend of her father in this
city.

FASHIONABLE ARRIVALS.
Sir George and Lady Nugent, at the Duke of Buckingham's
house, in Pall-mall, from their seat in Bucks ; the Earl of Ash-
burnham, at his house in Dover-street, from his seat in Sussex;
the Earl and Countess of Harrington, and Lady G. Stanhope,
from Windsor.

DEPARTL'RES.—The Earl and Countess of Grosvenor, Earl
and Countess of Wilton, for Eaton Hall, Cheshire ; the Earl
of Courtown, on a tour ; Earl Spencer, for his seat, Northamp-
tonshire ; Earl and Countess of Denbigh, for Sherborne Castle;
Marquis and Marchioness of Bath, for their seat in Wilts ;
Duchess of Buccleugh and family, for their seat at Richmond;
Lord and Lady Montague, for Long Ditton ; Earl of Kil-
morey, for Shropshire ; Lord Sydney, for his seat in Kent ;
Colonel and Mrs. Davies for Aberistwith ; Mr. Robert Peel.
for Lulworth Castle, in Dorsetshire ; Lord and Lady Francis
Levison Gower on a visit to Mr. Peel ; Mr. Shaw Lefevre, on
a tour; Col. and Mrs. Sibbald, for Harrowgate ; Lord and Lady
Ducie, and Miss Moreton, on a tour; Mr. Edwards, for his
seat in IVales ; Major and Mrs. Carpenter, for ScarbDrough ;
Mr. J. Thornton, for Yorkshire; his Grace the Archbishop of
York, on a visit to his Diocese ; the Lortl Bishop of Worcester,
for the Palace at Worcester ; Lord Crewe, for Cheshire.

FASHIONABLE PARTIES.
The Duchesses of Wellington and Argyll have each a rout
this evening at their residences.
Lady Ramsden's,rout yesterday evening ill Piccadilly was
very fashionably attended.
Viscount Granville entertained a select party at dinner yes-
terday at his house in Bruton-street. Berkeley-square.
Yesterday the Lord Mayor, with a large party of friends,
embarked on hoard the City State barge at Westminster
Bridge ; also the Stationers' Company in their barge ; and the
barges belonging to tae Navy and Admiralty were also filled
with company, besides many parties of pleasure proceeded,
according to annual custom, up to Richmond ; and the pro-
cession having gone ashore and viewed that delightful village
and the surrounding country from the bill, returned on board
their barges, partook of a cold collation, and returned home
in the evening.
ALMACK'S.—The ball on Wednesday evening was very ele-
gantly attended. It was nearly five o'clock yesterday morning
before it broke up. There were nearly 500 persons of the first
distinction and fashion present.

The Prince of Saxe Coburg is expected to return to London
in about three weeks. Alarlgorough House is preparing for the
reception of his Royal Highness.
Lord Chief Justice Abbott left town yesterday, for the
Northern Circuit.

•,--...;,,..•.--
9r- '•,- ,^,f,'l. ,•,,A. , ,
~.sa
, fr-04 ,‘,„7v: :,,,,,,\,/,,-,'* ~,,,,,,
__. r0nfi,...4
:lz 4 --z%,- ,IA-,:,1- --,-f if,-,- --- ,
l; ,v„?'?,- --‘_,..-',?!--.4 ~$.1,•.:4`.Q.,e,t;.,- \,' li
, • A -.t.5.---..,--..--i.:, ,c.,.1., /4 ~ lie.
''' • , ''''*'' DER or Ii"': VP
• c
I "ham .
N
. ~.4:
. .
