dren to extraordinary labour. It as this necessity that
turned the another's milk into gall, and forced the father
to deliver over his child to intolerable privation. He con-
cluded by saying, that he would support the Bill that
limited the labour of children to ten hours.

An Hox. MEataua said, that many of the remarks that
had been made on Saturday last, at a great meeting in the
city, were untrue, and that they would prejudice the
minds of the public. He also mentioned, that at a meet-
ing held some time back, at Manchester, upon the same
subject, the Rev. Mr. Bull and Mr. Oastler entered that
town with flags, mottos, and emblems, as if they were
endeavouring to inflame the people against the masters of
factories. From one of those flags were suspended two
ropes, wherewith to bang master-manufacturers, which
he contended was a very improper method of proceeding.
--(Laughter.)
Mr. MARK PHILLIPS said that he was apprehensive
lest the same strain of invective should be used in that
House, in debating the question, that was used out of
doors. He hoped the matter would be discussed dispas-
sionately by Hon. Members; and he begged to state that
he was personally acquainted with many great manufac-
turers, who desired nothing more than that the ques-
tion should be brought before the House. He la-
mented that any portion of the wealth of the aristocracy
should arise from, or that any part of the National Debt
should he laid on, the bodies of unfortunate children.
An Hou. MEMBER, said that he had made it his duty
to inquire among the great manufacturers of the west of
England, and that he had found that no such exaggerated
abuses existed as those lately so repeatedly mentioned. It
would surprise those manufacturers very much to find
themselves brought before that House as if they were cri-
minals. He trusted that when the question was brought
before the House, those clauses of the Bill would be mo.
dified that tended to interfere with the fair profits of the
manufacturer. He admitted that factory children were
subjected to much hardship, but it was greatly exaggerated.
Another HON. MFMBEx was surprised to find that the
cause of working children so hard was by some solely at.
tributed to the aristocracy. He deprecated the attempts
at casting odium on that body, and said that they were
most unjust and unfounded. He contended that if the
corn laws were repealed, many persons would be thrown
nut of employment, and we should lose the very best ens.
tomers we had for our manufactured articles.

Mr. O'DWYER agreed with the Hon. Members that
spoke on each side of the question, for they all confessed
that there was in the matter ample room for legislation.
He did not think that the masters of factories tortured the
infants they employed wantonly and gratuitously. They
did so, because by so doing they were enabled to put ten
or fifteen per cent. more into their pockets.—The Bill was
then ordered to be laid on the table.

Colonel LEITH HAY presented a petition from the
Royal Borough of Inverary, complaining of the malt
duties; also a petition for a return of the expenses of col.
lecting the excise in Scotland.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition from the ministers
of St. Andrew's, and another from the Presbytery of
Dunse, praying for a better observance of the Sabbath.
Also two petitions on Church Patronage—the one from
Leslie, in Fifeshire, and the other from the borough of
Anstruther.

Mr. BIGNELL presented a petition from Wigan, pray-
ing for a better observance of the Sabbath ; and also one
upon the same subject from the parish of Standish.
Mr. FOSTER presented a petition from the borough
of Walsall, praying for the abolition of negro slavery.
Mr. W. TOOKE presented a petition from the Cur-
porated Law Society of the United Kingdom, praying for
the better accommodation of Judges in hearing attorneys
and counsel. The llon. Member said, that the Judges'
chambers were old, dark, and incommodious. They were
perfect holes, and complained of by the whole profession.
The chamber of the Lord Chief Justice was but twenty
feet long, twelve wide, and eight high. Ali parties
must concur that this was a great evil, for if there was
more room for counsel, many actions would not be brought
into courts of law, but settled without delay. This was
the chief reason that induced the Society to petition for
better accommodation in those chambers.

Mr. HUME said, that there was annually allowed out
of the Suitors' Fund 15,000/. for the payment of law
officers. There were nine M.sters in Chancery with sa-
laries of about 4,0001. a year each. Now if their salaries
were reduced to 1,5001. a year, the saving of one year
would be more than sufficient to build rooms fit for the
business of the Judges. He admitted that the rooms,
which were initiatory courts of justice, were.a disgrace to
the country, and unfit for the purposes they were intended
for. It was a shame, that they should be so, when
so many thousands and tens of thousands were paid annu-
ally for unworthy purposes.—Ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. TOOKE gave notice that on the 10th of May, he
would move for leave to bring in a Bill to amend that part
of the Act passed in the last Parliament for the Reform of
the Representation of the people of England in Parliament,
which compels electors to pay for the registration of their
votes, and likewise to amend that part which regards the
computation in boroughs of the distances within which
electors must reside to entitle them to vote ; and also to
provide that electors, in particular cases, should not lose
the elective franchise on account of a change of residence.
Mr. GUEST moved for a return of the quantity of fo-
reign iron imported in the years 1831 and 1832, and the
qu tntities of foreign iron exported in the years 1830,
1831, and 1832 ; and also for a return of the quantity of
British iron exported in the years 1830, 1831, and 1832.
He then moved for similar returns regarding Copper Sheets.
The Hon. Member then moved for a return of the number
of Copper Sheets manufactured in all the Government
naval yards of Great Britain ; the number of labourers
employed, and the whole expense of rolling copper in those
yards; and the number of persons who were employed in
the manufacture of copper in naval yards who are now
superannuated. He then moved for similar returns re-
garding the quantity of iron manufactured.
Mr. T. ATTWOOD rose to present a petition from
M. mbers of the Political Union of Bit mingham, complain.
ing of the interference of the military force during the late
elections, and praying the House to declare all elections
null and void which took place under the control of the
military force. He would only say, that he had seen
gross cases of interference on the part of the military. He
lad seen bodies of infantry clear the streets, and troops of
cavalry ride up to the hustings, white the polling was
going on, and where no br, soh of the peace bad been
committed, or any act which could warrant such con-
duct. He had seen good and peaceable persons at-
tacked by the ferocious soldiery, and honest electors
cut down by the cavalry, and die of the wounds
which they received. He hoped that that House
would do its duty, and protect tl,e rights of the people of
England from such uncalled-for and unconstitutional in-
terference; but if that House refused to interfere, lie
hoped that the people of England would protect their own
rights. He trusted that the people of England would re-
member, that if their representatives in that House re.
fu-ed to protect their rights, they could bear arms in their
own defence. He hoped that if the House did not do its
duty now, the electors would, on the next occasion when
they were called on to exercise their rights, come up to the
hustings with loaded pistols to protect themselves.—
(Groans.) He repe..ted it, he hoped that if that House
refused to do their dnty to the people, the people would
not forget theirs, but come to the hustings with loaded
pistols and loaded rifles, prepared to protect their rights.
—(Loud disapprobation.)
Mr. SPRING RICE concurred with the Hon. Mem-
ber for Birmingham in one observation which he had
made. He hoped, as well as the Hon. Member, that the
people of England would never forget their rights. But
he protested against the observations made by the Hon.
Member, which seemed to mean—if, indeed, they could
be said to mean anything—that the House neglected the
protection of the rights of the people of England.--
(Hear.) He objected, likewise, to his observations, be-
cause they assumed, that in case of improper military in-
terference, either by order of the Magistrates or any other
persons in authority, the people had no remedy. Now,
it was known to all, that the proper quarter was always
open to such complaints, and that, when made, they were
never neglected. There was, therefore, a constitutional
remedy for such offence', and he thought it would be
better and more becoming in the Hon. Member to suggest
to the people that constitucional remedy, than to suggest
to them that that lions:, neglected its dirty to the people,
and on that account that they should go to the hustings
with loaded pistols in defiance of the law of the land.—
(Cheers.) Snub doctrines, and such advice, were calcu-
lated to do much mischief out of doors.—(Hear, hear.)
He thought it necessary to make these few remarks, as
none of his Majesty's Ministers were present ; and he
could not permit the remarks of the lion. Member to
pass unanswered.
Mr. FRYER said, that if the Hon. Member for Bir-
mingham had meant to say that there was any undue in-
terference on the part of the military at the election, he
thought it necessary, being connected with that part of
the country to which the Hon. Member alluded, and
being partly imp:icated in those transactions, to state, that
in the town which be had the honour to represent, if they
had not had the protection of the military, it would have
beenimpossible for the constituency to have given their
votes. He knew that the police force alone was used till
they had suffered most severely, and some of their numbers
were shot dead. It was then, and not till then, that it
was considered necessary to call in the aid of the military.
He hoped that the people of England would not be in-
