sittingo of oho Rout*, frcua Stociston-vporoTecs, sp.
other places.

Mr. TODD presented petitions against slavery, frrul
two parishes in Devon.

Mr- L FENTON pres.nted a similar petition, signed
by 1,500 inhabitants of Huddersfield ; also similar poi.
dons from High-street and Quern-street chapels. Hud-
dersfield.

Mr. OSWALD presented a petition from the politica
union of Kilmarnock, against the law of primogeniture.
Petitions against slavery were presented by Mes•rs. J.
E. STANLEY, THROGNIORTON, and BRIGSTOCK.

Mr. PALMER presented a petition from Newberry
for the repeal of the malt tax ; also various potitions from
several other places.

Mr. N. CALVERT presentel a petition from Wear
for the aboli'ion of slavery.
Mr. AGLIONBY presented a similar petition from
Trig, in Cumberland.

Lord ARTHUR CHICHESTER presented a petition
from Belfast, in favour of poor laws for Ireland. Also
one for the abolition of slavery from Donaghddee.
Lord R. GROSVENOR presented a petition front
Chester against the beer shops.
Mr. WILLIAMS WYNN and Sir 0. MOSELEY
presented several petitions in favour of the abolition of
Negro slavery, and fur the better observance of the Sabba-b•
Mr. G. BAKER presented a petition from the Magis-
trates of Stafford against the Beer Bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH presented petitions in favour of
the abolition of slavery from Horsham and other places in
Wilts ; also for the better observance of the Sabbath.
Mr. MORRIS presented a petition front the Protestant
Dissenters, and others, of Suffolk, in favour of the aboli-
tion of slavery.
Lord GRANVILLE SOMERSET presented a peti-
tion, complaining of the malt tax, from Laagil!eth, in
Monmouth ; and for the abolition of slavery, from Las.
gilien, in Monmouth.

Colonel DAVIS presented petitions from the Wesleyan
Methodists of Pump-street Chapel, Worcester, for the
abolition of slavery.
Mr. S;srgent SPANKIE presented petitions in favour
of the Facto, y
Mr. GEORGE LAMB brought up the return of the
number of persons committed in the police offices in the
metropol is.
The SPEAKER then left the Chair.

EAST INDIA HOUSE-(THIS DAY.)

ADJOURNED MEETING OF PROPRIETORS.

At 12 o'clock to-day the discussions upon the propositions
made by his Majesty's Government to the East India Company
was resumed by the Court of Proprietors.

Mr. It. JACKSON begged, before they proceeded further, to state
that he wished to give notice that on the proper occasion he
would move for leave to withdraw his amendment and substi-
tute another, the nature of which he begged to put the Pro_
Prieto. s in possession of. He thought it would be unwise in
them to shut the door to the fullest discussion—(Hear, hear)
—which his first amendment, might, perhaps, have the effect
of producing.

Mr. WEEDING complained that they were being taken by
surprise, and wished that some time should be given for con.
sideration.

Mr. R. JACKSON said he would give notice of his intention to
withdraw his amendment and would now state what it was he
wished to substitute for it in order that no Proprietor might be
taken by surprise. The Hon. Proprietor then read his proposed
substitute for his amendment, which, as he stated, pressed upon
his Majesty's Government a full and complete indemnity for the
loss of their trade and privileges, and an ample guarantee for
the payment of the dividends.

Mr. MAKINNON complained that its what had passed yester-
day he had been misrepresented. A letter, which had been
read by an Hon. Proprietor, which was taunted with being
anonymous. Now that letter was written by himself, and it
did not contain a fact that was not known long ago, and he was
gratified that the publication of that letter had produced an im-
pression among many who had been heretofore opposed to
throwing open the trade to China.—(Hear, hear.) It had been
also said that he had obtained a portion of his independence by
trading to China. He denied that he had ever got a shilling in
that trade.—(The Hon. Proprietor was proceeding to speak upon
the subject before the Court, when he was interrupted by cries
of" Order" and sat down.)
Mr. Ricer said that he had felt extremely happy when the
gallant Colonel requested of him to allow him to move an
amendment to his former resolution, because he (Mr. Rigby)
felt it to be impossible for him to support that resolution as it
then stood. He was prepared to give the gallant Colonel cre-
dit for good and excellent intentions, but he did not think the
resolution had been framed with such consideration as more
time would have induced him to bestow. He thought
any thing proceeding from that Court ought to be
marked for its excellence. The papers proceeding from
the President of the Board of Control and Directors were
specimens not only of excellent logic, but of good reasoning,
and great scholastic knowledge; and he was anxious that the
resolution of the Gallant Colonel should be entitled to the same
observation.—(Hear, hear.) When he looked to the im-
portance of the question before the Court, and when he consi-
dered the talents and information that hall been elicited, he
must confess that he approached the consideration of the sub.
pet with great timidity ; but he good not help regarding it as
a subject requiring the deepest consideration, and inasmuch
as the President of the Board of Control had been pleased
specifically to refer to the Court for their decision on the
subject; he thought all gentlemen should take advantage
of that liberal permission.—(Hear, hear.) It was worthy
of remark that the first correspondence between the
Committee of the Court of Directors and the Govern.
ment commenced as far back as October 1830, that nothing
was done upon the subject till July 1832, and that the Court
were now called upon, at the eleventh hour, to give its opinion
upon the subject.—(Hear.) He could have wished that the
Court of Directors had addressed the Proprietors on the sub.
ject, and put them in possession of their opinion, before they
had called upon the Court of Proprietors to have discussed the
subject; but having refrained from so doing, had induced
him to believe that the correspondence between the Di-
rectors and the Board of Control, was considered as a suffi-
cient record of the opinion of the Court of Directors,
and that, therefore, it was unnecessary further to address
the Court of Proprietors.—(Hear, hear, hear.) Looking
at the subject, in that point of view, he could not but
refer to those papers, and the impression they had made on
him upon reading them. It seemed to him that the Right
Hon. President of the Board of Control, acting as the official
organ of the people of England, had made the proposal to the
Company. It had been customary for the Company, when
their charter was near expiration, to present a petition to Par.
liament for the renewal of their charter ; but having on this
occasion forbore to do so, in the first instance they had the ap.
plication to them of the Duke of Wellington and Lord Ellen_
borough, and in the interview with those noble Peers, the
Company were informed that it was the intention of
the Ministers to take away from them their exclusive
trading to China. An Honourable Proprietor op
posite having made some strong observations on the President
of the Board of Control, he (Mr. R.) felt it necessary to
make a few remarks upon them. He thought the President
of the Board of Control had been treated harshly by that Hon.
Proprietor. As the President of the Board of Control he was
the organ of the people of England, the parties were the
people on the one hand, and the Company on the other. The
representative of the people was the President of the Board nt
Control—(Cries of " No, no," from Mr. Twining)—and the
committee of the Court of Directors were the representatives
of the Company.—(Hear, hear) Each party was anxious
to make the best bargain, and Mr. Grant had sulimitten
to the committee the scheme he thought best calculated
to answer the interests of the people, and as the advocate of the
people, he was not to be accused of having advanced or re-
quired the adoption of terms inconsistent with justice. He han
put forth a scheme, and required the answer of the Court; and,
in his opinion, if it had been far less favourable, it would have
been most ungenerous to make such observations. There wa,
another Hon. Gentleman whose character had been attacked—
viz., Mr. Holt M`Kenzie. With neither of those gentlemen
had he ever spoken in his life; and when he heard such iin.
putations cast upon him, he had turned to the evidence given
by the Hon. Gentleman, and he would ask no other umpire
than the Hon. Proprietor himself (Mr. Weedon), after reading
that evidence dispassionately, to say whether he was deserving
of the strong imputations that had been so liberally thrown
out against him. The evidence to which he referred was
given in page 113 of the evidence, and he said upon the
subject of patronage, that if it could not be with
safety given to the Government, then let it be given
to the Universities; and the cadetships he would re.
commend to be put up for sale. Now he did not see that
such opinions at all called for the violent attacks that the
Hon. Proprietor had indulged in. His impressions were, on
reading through the whole of the correspondence, that on
nae
n of
s must
the
ofthe alsoOth say o
i
h
mo,t
the first occasion the Court of Directors had met the pro-
positions of the Government with a great degree of astonish.
ment. They said, " You are about to annihilate us—we are
not to have dominion over our own officers, nor over our
pence, Here we have an annual loss upon the revenues of
India of 80,0001., with no other means of making good that
loss but the China trade, and you are taking that from us."
They had also met these propositions at first with a great
deal of firmness, but subsequently they had given up that high
ground. He agreed with the former speakers, who had called ,
the letter of Mr. Grant, of the 12th of February, an admirable
one,tthaet h
s at initoeste 7 month,
trulyhh wasa Directorsnsdo ,
un sd e
q
most
t o the Government
oesrittilyuilogical
e;sbpuecthe
excellent reasoning; and he was sorry to see, that afterwards,
tone seemed to sink. After insisting most strenuously on
their rights, their privileges, and their property—after insisting
upon their right to invest the sum of eighteen millions in the
British Funds ; or, at all events, having a guarantee upon the
Funds /or the payment of the annuities, their tone seemed to
fall very much, when in their subsequent letter, they said, " the
fear from your ay stng nothing in reply to our suggestion as Lc,
the rate of which our capital is lo be redeemable, that we must
conclude that the Ministers are not disposed to fix a higher
rate than 100/. for every 5/ ss. of annuity, as specified in the
Paper of Hints; but we rely upon the assurance given to u
in your letter of the 19th ult., shat the term of the annuity
will be of considerable length." If there was any faith to
be put in the calculations of the servants of the company, e
