up to the House of Peers. Upon inquiry, how-
ever, in a quarter likely to be well informed on
this subject, we find that there is no probability
of such an event taking place for several months.
It is understood that there is no indisposition to
the Peerage on the part of Sir FRANCIS BUR-
DETT ; and what has recently occurred in West-
minster must, we imagine, have made him de-
sirous of avoiding the alternative of retiring alto-
gether into private life, or of again facing
his constituents ; but as Ministers do not
intend for the present to recommend to the
KING a new creation of Peers, and as it would
not he very gracious towards others who have
merited the Peerage by a long series of valuable
services, to make Sir FRANCIS BURDETT a
Peer without including at least four or five
creations, the venerable Baronet must be con-
tent to wait until he can be conveniently slipped
in without particular notice, like an additional
stick to a bundle.

In the House of Commons last night, after
many Hon. Members had delivered their opi-
nions on the subject, the House went into
Committee on the Irish Church Temporalities
Bill, which was read a first time, and ordered to
be read a second time to-day.

The friends and partisans of Ministers have
been very active this morning in canvassing for
support for Mr. STANLEY'S Slavery .Abolition
Plan, which is to be brought forward in the
House of Commons this evening. It is under-
stood that Mr. FOWELL BUXTON will move an
amendment ; and, according to present appear-
ances, he will have the support of a very large por-
tion of the Members. It was reported yesterday,
that Lord RowicK, the late Under Secretary of
the Colonies, would second the amendment, but it
is now said that he will content himself with
merely expressing his sentiments against it. It
would have been a curious thing to see the son
of Earl GREY seconding an amendment to a
motion proposed by a member of his father's
Cabinet.

It will be seen by our report of the House of
Lords' proceedings of last night that Lord SuF-
FIELD, who has already presented 2,000 peti-
tions on the subject of slavery, and who has
1,000 more to present, has declared the. Minis-
terial plan for the emancipation of the slaves
will not satisfy the abolitionists. We believe his
Lordship to have formed a correct opinion of
the state of feeling amongst the popular party ;
but the difficulties of the question are so great
that we shall wait till Mr. STANLEY gives us
the details of his plan to night, before saying
that it ought to be opposed as not sufficiently
liberal. The Earl of WINCHILSEA was stopped
by the LORD CHANCELLOR in the course of a
speech upon the indictment against Lord
TEYNHAM for swindling. The Duke of CUM-
BERLAND also intimated that he was greatly
shocked at the immorality charged against the
Noble Lord !

The Paris papers of Sunday mention that
the Duchess of BERRY had declared, just pre-
vious to her confinement, that she was married
to the Count HECTOR DE LUCHESI-PALLI.
The majority of the Carlist journals, however,
still continued to deny the truth of both the
accouchement and the marriage. One of the
Ministerial papers (the France Nouvelle) states
that Government has received information of the
discovery of a very extensive conspiracy in
Savoy, where, as also in the cities of Turin and
Genoa, numerous arrests had taken place. The
Cour de Cassation had annulled the sentence of
the Assize Court against the two journals, the
National and Charivari, for an alleged misre-
presentation of the proceedings at the trial of
Bergeron and Benoit.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY).

HAY MARKETS.—(At per Load of 36 Trusses.)
CUMBERLAND.

Supply moderate, trale steady, and prices stationary.
Coarse heavy Lowland Meadow Hay £2 10 to £2. 15
Kew Meadow Hay 0 0 0 0
Useful Old Ditto 3 5 3 15
Fine Upland Meadow and Rye-grass Hay 3 15 4 0
Clover Hay 4 5 5 10
Oat Straw £1 Bto£l 10 I Wheat Straw ... 110 113

SMITHFIELD.
Supply good, trade dull, and prices barely stationary.
Coarse neavy Lowland Meadow Hay £2 15 to £3 00
New Meadow Hay 0 0 0 0
Useful Old Ditto. 3 0 3 10
Eine Upland Meadow and Rye-grass Hay ......
Clover Hay (extra fine)....£s O.—Generally
Oat Straw ...11 4to i 1 6 I Wheat Straw 1 8 1 10

NEWCASTLE CORN MARKET —May 11.
The late warm weather and large arrivals of Flour make the
trade very dull, and Wheat to-day declined Is. to 2s. 6d. per
quarter on all but the finest samples. Oats were also dull at a
decline of Is. per quarter. In Barley little doing for malting.
Fine Malt sells at our quotations. Sound heavy Rye wanted.
In Beans or Pease little doing. The best Flour dull, and what is
unsound scarcely saleable.

New. Old.
Wheat, Northumberland 40s. 54s —a—s.'
Norfolk and Suffolk 50t. tiOs —s. —s.
—..,.... Berwick and Scotch 495. 523 —a —s.
Foreign —s. —s —s. —a
Rye, Norfolk and Suffolk 34s. 385....... —s. —S.
Foreign 10s. 35s —s. —s.
Barley, Malting, Norfolk and Sutfolk...26s. 308 —s. —s.
--- Grinding and Feeding 20s. 24s —s. —s.
Malt, Norfolk and Suffolk 50s. 56s —s. —a
Beans, Small —s. —s 3os. Ms.
---- Tick —s. —s 2.83. 30s.
Pease, White 358.38 s —a —s.
---- Gray 28s 30s —s. —s.
./ats, Northumberland, Potatoe 19s 21s —s. —s.
—.--. Feed ius ISs —s. —.5.
- Foreign —s. —s
Flour, Fine (per sack) —s. —s 345. 425.

THE INFLUENZA.- THE WHITE CHO-
LERA.—The late epidemic has nearly disappeared in the
metropolis, perhaps in consequence of the vast change that
has taken place in the weather during the last week. The
heat was 70 degrees in the shade last Saturday, but has
since decreased. The disease rages, however, in the north
of England, and has appeared in Dublin ; the vulgar call
it the " White clzderit, ' and suppose it a forerunner of
the blue diseases. Notwithstanding the warmth of the
weather, diseases of the throat, windpipe, and lungs, are
still prevalent.—London Medical and Surgical Journal.

TILE CONVENTIONAL MEETING. This
morning the flags and banners which were taken from the
people, at the meeting yesterday, were conveyed by Super-
intendent THOMAS, and an escort of the force, from the
chief station-house, in Bow-street (where they had been
deposited during the night), to the Secretary of State's
office, in Downing-street. The poles cpon which the
banners were fixed have been constructed in a man-
ner to be immediately turned into a weapon of de-
fence, being joined together in the middle by a hinge,
whilst strengthened by a sliding tuilie passing over;
thus, by removing the tole, the ends which joined,
and which could be divided in an instant, could
be turned into a weapon of offence or defence, as
each end was bound with iron. Some had pike head',
the others were adapted for the same purpose. That on
which the cap of liberty was placed had a complete
heal. This morning, on inquiring at Sergeant Bin:ow:B's
lodgings, in Windmill-street, Haymarket, we learnt that
little hopes are entertained of his recovery, the pike having
penetrated his vibe a little blow the heart. Redmond,
the other wounded man, is in great danger of a mortifica-
tion taking place ; the arm having swelled to a fearful
size. It is to be lamented that the deceased CULLY, who
resided in Holies street, Clare Mirket, has left a wile and
four children unprovided for. Sergeant Brooks has also a
wife and four children.
