LON DON, Al ONDAY EVE
SNG ANLTA It Y 21, 1839

THE UNION BANK OF LONDON.
Capital 3,000,0001., ii Shares of 504 each.
Deposit Si. per Share.
DIRECTORS.
Sir Peter Laurie, Alderman. Thomas Meta, Esq.
Andrew Spottiswoode, Esq. • A. Cockburn, Esq.
George Webster, Esq. David Skaiffe, Esq.
John Barnes, Esq. Benjamin Boyd, Esq.
J. W. Suthcrlautl, Esq. Peter Laurie, Esq.
W. M. Nurse, Esq. James Farquhar, Esq.
Major-Gen. ArchibaArchibaldßobrrt- W. P. Craufurd, Esq.
son, Hon. E. I, C. S. 1, John Connell, Esq.
This Bank is established on t e principles of the Joint Stock
Banks in Scotland, the complete success of which is demonstrated
by the following extract from the official Share List of 25th De-
cember, 1338, showing the state of Five Banks of this description,
carrying on business in Edinburgh.
BANKS.
Paid up' Dividend.Capit:l
Original Paid Present
Share. up. Value.
Bask of Scotland £1,040„COO 6 per cent. Ll 0 £lOO £lOl 0
Royal Hank of Scotland 2,(d0V00 5i per cent. IPO 105 152 0
Britisk Linen Company 500,000 t. percent. 100 lot 210 0
Commercial Bank of
Scotland
National Bank of Scot-
land 500,00j 6 per cent. 10) 10 15 8

•
Paid-up Capital ..-C4,69.,,0011
Most of these /3anks have besides paid large Bonuses to their
P-oprietary, and all of them have allowed Interest on Deposits.
The remaining seventeen Joint-stock Banks in Scotland are in
the same flourishing condition, and welt, indeed, has been the pro.
cress of the system that of the many private Banks formerly carrying
on business in Edinburgh only one mists at present.
There are only three Joint Stork Banks in -London, with a paid
tip capital of 1,000,000 Z., the Shares of all of Which are at a high
Premium.
It is the intention at the Directors to allow interest en deposit.
accounts, under proper rules and regulations, sshich, with other
details as to the transaction of business with the Bank, will be
hervatter announced.

As a sufficient capital has already been subscribed to enable the
Directors to commence business immediately, they have resolved,
in order to avoid the inconvenience which has been found to arise
in other undertakings from an unrestricted application for shares,
and to induct, only those to apply who wish to become bena
fide proprietors, will net entertain any application unless made
in the printed forms provided by them for that purpose, and aecom-
paiied lay a payment of 21. upon each share applied for, the Di-
rectors reserving to themselves at the time of appropriation the
right to reject or comply with such application either in whole or
in part; the money to be returned without deduction, if the appii.
cation be rejected, and if accepted to be placed to the'credit of the
party in respect to the shares allotted to him.
It is not in contemplation to call up raore than 101. per share for
the next two years.
Deposits, in accordance with the printed forms, may be paid,
and prospectuses obtained, as under :
London—Messrs. B. and M. Boyd, 4, New Bank-buildings.
Liverpool—Liverpool Commercial Bank.
Birmingham—Birmingham and Midland Bank.
Edinburgh—National Bank of Scotland.
Glasgow—Western Bask of Scotland.
Dundee—Eastern Bank of Scotland.
Aberdeen—North of Scotland Lank.
Dumfries—Southern Bank of Scotland.
London, January, 1839.

flr4/..-,771;t *PRIVATE TUTOR.
ACLERGYMAN, for some years Tutor to a
Nobleman, and subsequently receiving SIX PUPILS
into his House, a moderate distance from London, would be glad
to fill a Vacancy with a Gentleman's Son, whose Education or
Health may require more than common attention.
Letters addressed to the Rev. J. C. C., Post Office, llampton
Court, Middlesex, will be forwarded to him.
SPLENDID.TEWELS—riI A SSIVE PLATE-40 CARATS
BRILLIANTS_GOLD WATCHES, 84c. &-e
DEBENIIA ',VI and STORK. will -SELL by
AUCTION, at their Rooms, King-street, Covent-
garden, on TuittsnAr, Jan. 22, and following day, at Eleven,
An assemblage of COSTLY PROPERTY—comprehending a
diamond cluster necklace, fine large brilliant top and drop ear-
rings, Maltese lockets, cluster, hoop, half-hoop, and single stone
brilliant rings, pins, brooches, and shirt studs, 40 carats of remark-
ably fine brilliant and rose diamonds, a pair of brilliant and eme-
rald earrings and brooch, a magnificent brilliant and emerald
brooch with- three fine drop-shaped emeralds suspended, a pair of
beautiful large single pearl earrings enriched with diamonds, fine
oriental pearl necklace with diamond snap, loose pearls, pearl, snit.
thyst, turquoise and fine gold dress suites, fine gold guard, neck
and watch chains, together with a profusion of superb jewellery.
A collection of very superior watches, in fashionable gold, silvers and
gilt cases, by eminent makers ; fine gold and silver chronometers,
by Viner and Elisha; a Congreve's patent ball clock ; French and
English clocks and dials ; 2,500 ounces of plate, including a su-
perb supper service, with four shaped silver dishes and covers, 4
salts, 4 castors, and 4 silver mounted bottles, fitted in a carved oak
tray, with hot-water stand ; two elaborately chased tea and coffee
equipages, plain ditto; coffee pots, bread baskets, waiters, salvers,
sauce-pans, sauce-boats, chamber and table candlesticks, cruet
frames, tankards, mugS, cups, spoons, forks, ladles, ; gold and
silver snuff boxes, Sheffield plated articles, excellent guns and
pistols, and other valuable effects.
May be viewed, and catalogues had, at the Rooms.
BY HER MAJESTY'S ROYAL LETTERS PATENT.
HEELEY AND SONS' JOINTED TROWSERS'-STRAPS.
TAMES HEELEY and SONS beg to announce
that they have completed their newlyinvented Patent Jointed
Towsers' Straps, which surpass in neatness, durability, and general
appearance, every other description of straps, and may be procured
from all respectable houses. Tito Patentees submit the same
with confidence to the Gentry and Public, feeling assured that
their superiority will obtain them a preference whenever they are
known.

Steel Pen Manufactory, Mount-street, Birmingham.

STARIT ATIoN LAWS.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.
Sta,—The dark and gloomy aspect which the state of the
working classes of this country presents, is calculated to af-
ford matter of deep sympathy to every feeling heart, and to no
other cause can the poverty and distress which exist Le attri-
buted than to that unchristian and inhum in impost which de.
nies the poor man an) thing like a just or equal enjoyment of
" Heaven's best gift," and proves the mere mockery and
hollowness of British freedom and justice. When the boasted
charter of liberty (the Reform Bill) passed into a law,
and gave to the people a partial voice in the election
of their RepresentativeA, it was never imagined that it was
become a dead letter, and its purposes were to be frustrated
by the very Government which granted it; far less that it
should serve as a cloak to cover the abuses of former Admi-
nistrations, and rivet more securely the claims which bind
and oppress the people. On the contrary, every honest and sin-
cere Liberal fully and naturally expected that many whole-
some reforms would flow from it—that it was the source from
which would proceed a more extended suffrage ; and, above
all, that the first grand act of a Reform Ministry would be to
ameliorate the condition of the many, by the abolition of the
Corn-laws. which have, on the one hand, from year to year,
filled the pockets of the landholders, and enabled them to riot
in luxury and ease; and, on the other, by their famishing
influence, sunk the working classes to the very depth of po-
verty and misery. It is not to be wondered, theta that while
this iniquitous tax continues in force, there are those to be found
who, regardless of; and despising the laws which uphold so-
ciety, recommend an appeal to physical strength ; and still
less surprising is it that a people, starved to desperation, and
goaded on by acts of tyranny and oppression, should lend a
willing ear to their counsels, und be ready to join in' 'nets of
violence, however opposed to all social order and good go-
vernment.

The pampered aristocrat, while he revels in plenty, may
well prate about endurance, and condemn as revolutionary the
threatening attitude of the people ; but, Sir, it is folly to ex-
pect that men can behold their families starving around them,
their own energies crippled, and such a state of things perpe-
tuated, instead of being abolished, by a Government, at the
hands of which they expected so much, and 'not forget the re-
spect they owe to the institutions of their country. Every
sincere friend of humanity must deprecate the course recom-
mended by some of the present leaders; but it requires little
discernment to see that, if Government still lends a deaf ear
to the " broad cry" of the per ple, the consequences will be
truly awful.
I rejoice to see that, in the Noah of England and in Scot.
land, the people arc moving in this righteous cause, and it is
to be hoped that in the ensuing session of Parliament petition
upon petition will be poured in, until-Government can no
longer refuse to abolish so unjust a system. Your labours have
done much to enlighten the people upon the subject ; but it is
to be regretted that, although poverty and distress exist in this
quarter, and many condemn the Corn-laws as the cause, yet
they are too much under the power of the agriculturists to
make any decided movement in favour of their abolition.
Siuce our youthful and beloved Queen ascended the British
throne, one bright gem has been added to her diadem by the
extinction of slavery in the West Indian colonies ; and oh I
sincerely do I join in the aspiration of millions that its bril-
liancy may not be tarnished, nor its lustre obscured, by the
continuance of laws as opposed to the laws of God as they arc
to every precept of humanity.
I am, Sir, your obedient servant,
Devizes, Jan. 12, 1839.

A RADICAL.

MR. THEODORE HOOK'S" GURNEY MARRIED*"
—The pictures in these volumes are chiefly of middle life—
that life which has in England so many gradations of class
before it reaches high or descends into low, and so curious an
admixture of that which is genteel, without rising into refine-
ment, with what is homely and vulgar, without falling into
coarse brutality. The public know, however, that this is the
refreshing book
t o variety
recognise.
of every-
arena in which Mr. Hook is so much at home ; or, if they
do not, or whether they do
is in
or not, we advise them to read
quiteee
dGauyrncehyarAalcatrerr, Married.
Thera
is qu
e
Who, par example, would not rejoice to meet again in a book
(though, save the mark, not elsewhere, for the world), the
artful, and artificial Mrs. Brandyball—now raised into tyranny
beyond endurance by prosperity, now humiliated to the dust
by exposure—is not hers a character that crosses every body's
path, at least once in the course of a life. To the weakness
of Cuthbert, the eccentricities of Nubley, the gentleness of
Jane, the noisy, passionate, thoughtless, selfishness of Kate,
the Doctor, the Sailor, the Dancing,-master, the Swindler, and
the membtr of the Swell Mob, all have their true being and
existence in the every day-life which is. so perfectly and deli-
cately mirrored in these pages.--Morning Post.

AN APPEAL TO THE OPPONENTS

OF THE CORN-LAWS.

It will be seen from our report of the meeting of the Direc•
tors of the Anti-Corn Law Association, that two of their num-
ber have been appoiisted to represent them at Manchester, at
the Anti- Corn-law Festival of the twenty-third inst. We
are given to understand that the Secretary of the Associa-
tion has been directed by the Chairman to intimate this ap-
pointment to the Secretary of the Manchester Association,
and to crave a forenoon conference with that body on that
day. It is much to be desired that the opponents of the
Corm,laws in Leeds, Sheffield, Nottingham, Leicester, Bir-
mingham, Bristol, Liverpool, Hull, and other manufactur-
ing towns, would, in like manner, appoint delegates to pro-
ceed to Manchester en the twenty-third. Such a conven-
tion wculd mutually encourage those who meet to interchange
information. A greater information and unity would be in-
troduced into the movement now in progress against the Corn-
laws. A meeting of the representatives of the great manu-
facturing districts in Manchester, to mature a common plan
of attack upon the .Cormlaws, would make the hardiest sup-
porter of these iniquitous enactments pause and reflect.
At the constituent meeting-, the Directors were ordered,
without loss of time, to prepare a petitiott, descriptive of the
destructive operation of the Corn-laws, pledging the sub-
icritles s to make good their case, by witnesses, at the bar of
the House of Commons, and craving permission to do so.
The Directors feel the full arduousness of the step they take
iniskdging themselves to make out a case against the Corn-
lavo.4 by_ evidence at the 'bar of the House of Commons.
Every word in the statements of their petition will be weighed;
as if they were adjusting the issues for a trial in the Jury
Court. The petition, thus matured, will be put in the
course of signature early next week. Glasgow will thus
have given the best pledge it can of being in earnest : we put
it to the gentlemen we are now more especially addressing,
and to the communities of which they ate members—will they,
or n ill they not, back us in this wager of battle we offer to
the landowners?

The landowners have no right to complain. We pledge
ourselves to make good our case to the satisfaction of a Jury
packed by themselves. The public at large has no cause to
fear; we stipulate that our proceedings shall be public—that
parties and judges shall take every step. with the whole nation
looking on. We have perfeeQ confidence in the justice
of our cause ; and we have no doubt that the convictions of
men of average sense, and the shame of men of average
honesty, will, under these:circumstances, by this means work
out our deliverance from the Corn-laws. All that is now
requisite to success is, that Glasgow be not left to fight the
fight alone.—Glasgow Argus.

S FORTIN INTELLIGENCE

LATEST BETTING AT MANCHESTER.

DERBY BETTING,
12 to 1 agst Lord Jersey's Brother to Bay Middleton—taken
16 to 1 agst Duke of Rutland's Flambeau
17 to 1 agst Colonel Peel's Dey of Algiers
18 to 1 agst Mr. Bowes's Erin-go-Bragh—taken
20 to I agst, Lord Jersey's Ilderim
33 to 1 agst Col. Anson's Zimmerman
30 to I agst Mr. Bowes's Epidaurus
CHESTER TRADES' cur.
10 to 1 agst Van Buren—taken I 11 to 1 agst King Cole

ASCOT GRAND STAND.
On 'Wednesday, according to previous announcement, the
Earl of Erroll, the Master of her Maj'sty's Buck Hounds,
formally laid what is usually called " the first stone" of th?.
Ascot Grand Stand. The day for the ceremony was most
propitious, and a large company assembled or the occasion,
among whom were the Trustees, the Right Hon. the Earl of
Erroll, K.T. ; H. Seymour, Esq. ; T. R. Ward, Esq., and
M. Gilbertson, Esq., and many Ladies and Gentlemen of dis-
tinction.

About twelve o'clock the trustees left the Jockey Club
Stand, preced, d by the secretary, the architect, and builder,
(severally carrying the silver trowel; mallet, &e.), and pro-
ceeded to the building, the company assembling round the
principal entrance pier on which the stone was to be deposited.
The business of the day was then commenced by
Mr. Henry Seymour, who, addressing his Lordship and the
company, said he was desired by his brother trustees to request
his Lordship to honour the structure they were about to raise,
by laying the first stone, to commemorate the erection of a
building intended for the convenience of the numerous visitors
to the Ascot races.

Mr. Ward supported the request.
The trowel was then presented to his Lordship by the ar-
chitect, and in a truly masonic style the stone was laid. After
which his Lordship addressed the company in the following
words Ladie•, Brother Trustees, and Gentlemen,—lt
has given me great pleasure to respond to your request,
in laying (formally) the first stone of a building, which I be-
lieve will prove the greatest possible convenience to the public
frequenting Ascot Race:. I heig to say that I have every
confidence in the stability and elegance of the erection. My
efforts to secure the completion of the structure by the next
races have been warmly promoted by those gentlemen who
have kindly rendered me their assistance. I can assure you
that this day has been one of great satisfaction to me, and on
All future occasions I shall feel gratified in giving my influence
to promote the public interests of this national sport, for the
view of which this building is particularly erected."
At the conclusion of the ceremony nine hearty cheers were
givep. The trustees, accompanied by several shareholders
and gentlemen who had been present, repaired to the Jockey
Club Stand, where a cold collation was provided. Some dis..
appointment was felt that the day's amusement could not ter-
minate as had been previously arranged ; in consequence of
the severity of the frost it was found impossible to turn out
the deer.
