NEAR SEVEN OAKS, KENT.
MODERN FREEHOLD VILLA RESIDENCE and
LAND, delightfully situate at SUNDRIDGE,' in the cele-
brated Vale of HOLMSDALE, the most beautiful part of
the county; 4 miles from :even Oaks and Westerham, 11
from Tunbridge, 2 from the Railway, and 24 from London.
Vrlt. COTTLE is directed by the Proprietor
to SUBMIT by PUBLIC AUCTION, on WED-
NESDAY next, January 22, at Eleven, in Two Lots, on the
Premises,

The very desirable FREEHOLD PROPERTY (land-tax
redeemed and tithe free) known as " Oak Lodge," situate on a
pleasing eminence, commanding extensive and diversified viewe
of the surrounding scenery, adjiiining the estates of Earl Am-
herst and Holmstiaie, in a country abounding with game and
fishing, and with six packs of hounds within seven miles. The
elegant Villa Residence has been recently erected in the most
substantial manner without regard to outlay, and is suited for
immediate occupation of a family of respectability. It contains
a noble drawing-room, dining-room, library, and- breakfast.
room, handsome entrance-hall, five spacious bed-chambers,
good kitchen, and every requisite domestic accommodation.
The detached double coach-house, stables, and offices are re-
plete with every convenience; the supply of water is abundant ;
the rich lawn, flower•garden, and orchard, together one and .a
half acre, are tastefully laid out, and the whole is enclosed by
a strong fence. _

Lot iicomprises a substantial six-room Cottage and Garden.
May be viewed till the sale ; and particulars had at all the
inns in the neighbourhood; also of T. H. Bosworth, Esq., so-
licitor, Westerham ; of H. Pearson, Esq., solicitor, Staples-
inn ; and of Mr. Cottle, auctioneer and estate agent, 45, Hol-
born-hill.

TO THE ELECTORS OFTHEBOROUGHa
BIRMINGHAM.

MY name has been so publicly proposed as
that of a suitable person to represent you in Parlia-
ment that it is due to you, and especially to those who are de-
sirous of promoting my return, to explain, first, the position in
which I have found myself placed, and secondly, my views on
several of the leading political questions of the day.
I was not aware of the precise circumstances of the Borough
until my return, on the evening of the 21st instant, from a jour-
ney in the north of England. The whole of the proceedings
which have brought my name so prominently before you took
place during my absence, and without my concurrence. In
nominating me, my friends could, therefore, only have acted on
my known opinion, that, under a Representative System, every
man is bound, when called upon by his fellow citizens, to take
his due share in its administration, unless prevented by para-
mount obligations, and that he who refuses to do so, has no
right to claim the protection of Government.

As to my political principles, 1 belong to no party; inas-
much as I consider that the Christian rule, of doing to others
as we would that they should do unto us, is of universal appli-
cation. Keeping this principle in view, in the relations of our
domestic and foreign policy, I hold the following opinions :
That, as religion is a matter between man and his Maker,
no human authority has any r►ght to interfere with it, so long
as the peace and welfare of society are not endangered ; that
not only should all Ecclesiastical demands, in the nature of
Church• rates or otherwise, be abolished, but there should be no
connection between Church and State ; and that all support of
religion should be voluntary.
Whilst I consider the institution of one day in seven for rest
and religious instruction a high privilege, and a great moral as
well as physical advantage to the community, and that it is the
duty of all persons, whether as individuals or as directors of
public companies or otherwise, to do all in their power to afford
their own servants and others an opportunity of enjoying it, I
am opposed to any legislative enactments to enforce its obser-
♦ance.

I consider that Commerce should be perfectly free, in all
commodities and with all the world; and that the necessaries
of life should be exempt from taxation. This, of course,
would involve a total abolition of the Corn and Provision Laws,
which have already inflicted irreparable injury upon the coun-
try, and unless speedily repealed, will produce most fearful in-
roads upon our manufacturing interests, and upon the means
of support to the working classes.
I am in favour of a great extension of the Elective Franchise,
and opposed to any Property Qualification.
I conceive that the present legal duration of Parliament is
much too long, and that it z,houlit be reduced to a period sutfi
ciently short to give the Constituents all reasonable control over
their Representatives.
_ _

I wish to ace the Ballot subjected to the test of experiment,
upon as complete a system as can be devised.
In accordance with the great prinoiple already stated, and
upon which my political creed is based, I hold that the punish-
ment of death in ad cases ought to be abolished. I believe
that war will necessarily cease whenever the principles of free
trade are fully carried cut ; and I consider that it is as incon-
sistent with true national safety es it is in direct violation of the
spi it and precepts of the New Testament.
Without forgetting that, on all suitable occasions, it is my
duty to assert the political and social rights of my fellow coun-
trymen, I deem it still incumbeut upon me especially to advo-
cate the cause of those who are held in personal slavery in any
part of the world; and this I would do in accordance with the
dictates of our religion, which teaches us that every country is
our country and every man our brother.
The position in which my friends have placed me has com-
pelled me to make the present declaration of my sentiments.
It only remains for me to state, that I believe, both amongst
my fellow-townsmen and the country at large, there is an in-
creasing number who hold opinions similar to my own. At
the same time, they probably do not so far accord with yours
that it would be the decided wish of a majority of your body
that I should represent you in the British House of Commons;
if so, 1 hope this can be ascertained long before the day of
election, and my name withdrawn with satisfaction to all par-
ties. lam not insensible to the kindness and favourable opinion
of those who are anxious to promote my election • but I most
strongly deprecate a single word or expression that can justly
excite any angry feeling towards those who may differ from
them. I hope I shall be excused for giving this caution, be-
cause, on these occasions, the best of men sometimes torget
that charity which they usualty exercise towards each other.
I am, very respectfully,
JOSEPH STURGE.
Birmingham, 12th month, 24tb, 1839.

THE SPITFIRE, BY CAPTAIN UHAMIER.—
Our entertaining author has not confined the revellings of his
fancy to the dangers of the deer, but has placed one foot on
land, and drawn some romantic scenes, which blend forcibly
with the adventures on the wide ocean. Various stirring ad-
ventures take place among the pirates, and the dauntless and
daring spirit of their Commander is far beyond all modern
chivalry. Notwithstanding the thrilling intensity of the inci-
dents, they may have the foundation of reality. Many of the
scenes are strikingly imagined, and there is a versatility in the
author's powers of writing which is very attractive, we
strongly recommend his volumes.—Sunday Times.
54.,.•The New Organ built for the Sacred Harmonic
Society, at a cost exceeding 2,0001, being now completed in
Exeter Hall, will be opened. on Thursday nest, with a per-
by Mr. Thomas Adams.
