THE EXP2D 710 N.

Extraft of a Letter from an Officer on tyor.l
Pincher, off Copenhagen, dated Aug. 17 :—‘. Oar
troops.hegan to land yesterday morning at four
at Wibeek, about ten miles from Cop, n-
.llgen, aird* before two o'clock we had fourte:.n
. • ai 0" • - •
thrtfiandlindecl, and on their march towards their
Capital, without the lent opposition ; there were also.
landed that evening several troops of artillery and
regiment of dragoons, who also began their march,
towards'the main body of the army before sun-sets.
The chief of our employment has been this day in:
landing the heavy artillery and three regiments of
bore.' The Danes- have just set fire, to a large ship,
supposed to be one of ourtransports, and took ano- •
ther brig with their row-boats, it being a perfeet.
calm ; but I 'must leave off here; as there is's
breeze sprung up, and 'my signal out to weigh and
stand attertheEnenay.

" AUGUST 18.--I shall now endeavour to go on,
and it I can finish it before the cutter sails, I will.
send it, as it. will be giving.you alt account with the;
first dispatches, after hostilities having commenced
with this county, which was delivered to me, this'
morning. I shall hero inform you, that your huni.
hl4..servant has had the first of the anion, • which
-coittrnenced-last nigh with a number of the enemy's
gun-boats,elose in shore, assisting-their troops in an
attack on. the left wind of our army, and they were
soon turned into their harbour: -I 'ha-ve- had One
shot through the head of. my rudder, which has t.tt.
•tirely disabled it, and it is now' repait•ing on boar 4
his Majesty'S Ship Centaur ;--ao other shot struck
IX and I,believe none on board any of the, rest of the.
Ve-sSels; ~hut, I • understand' there is a Lieutenant
of Mtill'etyrlilleduit Shore, and several Wounded
" Prince is to have given orders
thiCihotild the. Fleet be likely to fall iota our hand 6;
the:Whole were to be set fire to ; and even the
avid arsenals were te.share sgne.late.,

" It is.also said that ihe *bole- of the Shipping
lateiy built by tire -Dane.; *as at- the expence
Franc, and iutended-fpc her use. •

'." ibc,only person wounded onboard The' Cotzus
is th9.:Ptiot. The Captain of the banish Frigate
had'not fair play, for the Conrus fired two
sheisfor'his one ; I hope the whole of them will ba•

of the same.opinion,
I saw a -great number of the EneMy's horse"
running up and down the fields after the Pang
ceased,' without tlmir ridert, and they mast have
strferod greatly, awl I am of opinion that they will
!AY stand it long ; however, there will be plenty
of
work for me for every day now tillvit is given up.
As I found the Cutter was not to sail last everting,
I ,therefore- did not clOse my letter.: I have now to
inform you that another a6tian has taken place this
morning, August the igth,, .but cannot inforin you
of the result, as there are no boats 'yet 'lion our
Army."

•
QUICK is enjoying the salubrious' breezes of
llrighton, ,in such health that he will probably bt..:
tq:upted•to exert his adMirable comic powers in the
Theatre .at that plate, in order to conclude the sea-
SOD with due 'eclat, when the benefits are over.
A dreadful:storm of thunder and lightning ‘1.14
experienced .by the inhabitants of Essex, las' Friday,
the ravages of which are viiible in almost every
hamlet: The Mack-yard of Elval.' \Vogl), of
was set on fire by the ughtning.,
iOinidblahyi:..tporgoedtuhceero‘tv'i :161 ObaarenizssUtafbreri7a,riainidoult_ohoolti.:i39l:
were totally destroyed.' The damages are e,timated
ifici,ooor. Had not the rain descended in torrents,
thz'auesiota.liduse trust have been levelled to ilia
ground. •' ' •

a young.
,whose Woman, IV O ---laexSatnelridnaayti.odnnonn
aßcein:iite:erolitri
dcpelfil:ie.sn,g4l-‘,:dta:hpielhdraLrsevire:,,,l,ail7"e.eaoarrty:eraltepastit:iii e v n
C;
brutlght f 6
l'y'e.. A )
The
charges resr:
; the children of MvhfirS. PC)Wellt
t
to. r ;tu of them stern eitllrltli.erid'li iel:g"eosrtte:g;il,'l°tne'vdhebbil'u.s:lrl.ll4(lll:l.
c.ny ing infiint daughter of a Mr. Boadon,
her to a pawtibrOker's, and in the box stripping
tl.echild's frock, and having • pledged it for • is.. 31
kat ing 'the .infant in the box ; this case was-It'll'',
proved.—The other ‘vas for a child (if Mr. Smith,
in
Cecil-court,- whose boy, of four years old, she had
stripped ;this was also made our fully, and she was
committed, for trial at the Old Bailey Ort the whole;
five charges.. There are sever,.l more sfill pending.
A few days since, awMrs. Titivvi, of flac.kney,
was walking out with her child, she heard a num-
her of peciple',, armed %nil staves, &c. exclaiming
" A timt (log!" and saw a dog advancing towards
her, which alatiiied her so that she' swooned,
in
Which statc, she Continued at iiiteras till the tid4
day, when ,he appeared More Composed., 'but so
powerfully was the impression . fixed on her Mind,
that in a short time she sunk into her former Sialq•
and expired.
With what astonishment, could they take a;peell
. •
from the griive, would the original tramero- of Lot'
tery Schemes (which generally consi:sted of no,ooo,
Ticket)' now behoid a Lottery Ilan of Lo'
Numbers only, producing Capital Prized ril°l
th4o dokkhie:the amount of time former To Ilea..
three dapitalS Of eo,oool.eat.h, and till ee of 0,00v1),.
with ~uch;a soiterei::n Prize 40,000). in a Fl, 1
Numbers two third: -less than oriainal Schern..„i con-
tained, would appear to them an absOlute 'Nom)"
menon in the Lottery annals !

From the FRENCH and. DUrCit A.4PERS. 4
. • .
PAIIIS, AUG. 26.—At eleven. in the morning of:
the 2 iiiS Majekity..the tit,peinr, being, ieated'on.
his tie, received, -soleMit*Deputation:froTtr -1110
Login:give .13,ny, and another from the.Tribunete
Uponi this M..F(ItiTANEs, the Presi, #t, n:;,
of the fol !nor Avtembly, deli% ered the following
tn-
teresttng Address:: • ortirl

SIRR,

" The Legislative Body lays at. the foot of. your;
Rlajesty's throne the Address of _Thanks, •to which
d
they have umautnotvly•agreed, It his ,offered, not-1
so much to the Conqueror, as to the Pacificator
Europe... Lvt'otheri, if possible, justly deScrifie the
woncters of your last campaign;-the rapid Succession
of triumphs, by which a monarchy was overthrewn ;
and the still more_heroio firmness, which patiently ,
knew how to Wait for and. prepare tie day of vin
in the midst ofso many! itnpedunehts tlircekh,
in the way by fortresses,: troop', and the inclemen-,
cie4 of the season. Let them direct onr attention
to tiaise soldiers, who; equ.iiiy indefatigable as their
Chief, lay encamped with him six months together,
in the bleak heads of the North, braving alike the
frozen' Winters of P01.m.1, acid. the gloWing 'summers
of Syria. Finally, let tent pidtue that state of
continually threatened repose, winch was at length
to terminate in a dreadful explosion; and, above all,
that tied:Ski.: =anent, • previously announced by
yourself., when these frozen climes; having become
somewhat more temperate,- favoured your -genius
with the opportunity o( completing the victory, and
compelling the vationi'shed to accept terms.olpeace.
It is not our orovirme to'binzun forth such perform-
ances and military achteretneots.• Whatever clarau
they may have to our •admiration,:iltry have been
purchased with tears, and,they have. inspired the
Conqueror himself with 'feelings of commiseration,
which-gave him an additional title to our atleetion
and esteem. . • • . •
" .W.e".direet our views to Much more cheering
scenes. We Would rather follow you 0 the banks
of that tiver; where, divested of the pomp 'of war,
two boats received, two EttperorS„'and with them
the.futute destiny of the world. A memorable day ,h
A day to be i celebrated in all sikceedieg'ages ! ;rile
two , armies, drawn.* up, exactly opposite to each
Plheri along the respectiVe banks of 'the Niemen,
contemplated with. astonishment
.so interesting a
meeting,' after so many destrudive engagements ;
and in one instant, .400,000 soldiers,. composed of
Eakins and Dutchmen, Scvthians, Samaritans,'
Germans, and Frenehme.., laid aside their arms;
and the two greatest Soverekus on earth, met each
other on a raft the iniddreuf the river, to 'adjust'
persouauy the affairs of their States; and mutually
stretctdd font) their lends area pledge of their rem
concilernent. Ar..ehNpettl and NAPOLEON' are
- united; the war is at an end ; and a hundred mil-
lions 4peop)e:ivin taSte the blessingsorpeacc. , •
• " The interests of futurity itself are possibly con.,
fleeted With this Le!,,brateu u,trrt icw, which was
so worthy a the youtattil sttec,:ssor of the Czn-s.—
Fr,,,:: single idual, be may have been fur-
• nish,d.- whit inure e)Cnpples,, and received more in-
iorma,iion respeaing the art of government, than
formerly coact 'haVe been obtained hv. PETER the
Great, when, with the view of seif-instrudion, he
umiertook a,:lung. journey, ,and- visited ail ti,e Courts
of ink Royal Contemporaries. ,The Treaty of Td-
sit has left behind no further pretence . for a Conti-
nental war. On' tha't great thy it was, that king-
doms and nations, the old and the new Powers,
took their fixed stations; it,was then that every thit,g•
became Solidan4lsecnre.
• " The natidn;'Sire, may now. flatter- itself with
the hope, that it will not henceforth he, for. so long
alieriod, deprived of your presence, and that its id-
ternril .wellare and prosperity 'will continue to-in-
crease under your paternal superintendance. The
nation has well merited your carp and. affection;
At every epoch at your.,Government, and particu-
larly the present, they have been solely occupied in
emulating the greatness df your exploits, by the ex,
tent of their-sacrifices:and their devotion. We have
henceforth the assurance, that we shall gratify your
ItNesty, by interMuigling the homage which we
Owe yeti, with the praises Of that great And good
people, which you have so justly denominated them.
The hearts of all of: us are warmed by the
prods. you have given us of your attachment to the
French. The benevolent expressions which ~yOtt
uttered from " the Throne have' already. filled ,Itei 1
poorest cottages with joy. In talkingof you, it will'
one day, be said7;—and it is the finest trait in so won-.
derful a history--,it will be said,•" He occupied
hitri
self with attending to the condition of I •poor, l• •
t IN JO
dispensed thefate of so many Kings;" and that, on
the termination of a long war,' you dithinished the
publit burthens,- whilst yciur triumphant hand so
gloriously dealt forth crowns to those officers. of the
first rank whcr fought by your side.

" It is our first duty to bring to your recollection
that magnanimous promise.. which will not have
been made in vain. Whilst you are creating around
you new dignities, and those intermediate ranks,
which are the appendages of monarchy, and 'serve
to augment its lustre, it shall be our care to draw
closer our ties with that people, of whose sentiments
we are the interpreters. In this we shall find a spe-
cies of greatness, which, though not so dazzling, is
got less honourable.

" We swear, Sire, that we will never belie the
sentiments which have been stamped with your
We swear it in the presence of. that
throne which,is established on the
,basis of so'rnany
trophies, and ,wh'sch. governs. all ,Europe.
" And how is it possible.that you should not rep
ceive with a favourable ear expressions which are as
remote from slavery as' tiom .anarchy-you, Sirc,
who hive availed yourself of the right of cOoq&st
only to restore 'peace :to the. vanquished,
have reinstated the inhabitaiiti'orthe ~iatike+ the
Vistula in all their fornwprii ileges ? The LegisL
lative Body will zealously,' and.to, the utmost of its
Power,
..plOtn;itq,,pe. grand plans of..qMproveinent
W. hid; ociZupy yOUI. mind. ••
; •
''" Under the eye Of your genius,Vire shall speedily
gee oti :-civik. 441 14)litical 414'6a:dons, perte6tc..d.'
to't hem that `rtar4p 'of greatness and''
stability,,khieh dit,tinguish all, the other !creations of
Fear .snperior u'utijrstailding; -,.and, to crown your' •
tTory,'genuia6 fri-iedliin, which cannot exist but
Ulictera piire Monarchy, will become more and more
Secure, uuder the government of an omnipotent
Frince."
