By the Rev. .IANVES MRKTON.

To which is added, an Account of the Murder of Archbi-
shop sharp, by James Russell, an Actor therein. Edited
frOin' the MSS. •

By ('HARLES KIRKBATMCK '4TARPE, Esq.
'Printed' for Lonzinan,' Hurst, !tees, Orme; and Brown
London; and J. Ballantyne,- EdiOurgh.

u.a published,

. ,
In Octavo, price.l2s. in boards,
A TOUR through Iq:LGI UNI, HOLLAND,
,L3L. along the RHINE; and through the• North of FRANCE,
in the Summer of 1816. In which is given an Account of t'u•
Civil and Ehckviastical arid of 'the System of Educa-
tion of-the Kingdom of the f..etherlands; with Remarks on
the Fine Arts, Commerce, and Manufactures.
• , • By.IANIES MITCHELL, M. A.
Printed for I..onginan, Hurst, Rees, OrUte, and Brown, Pa-
• ,•-• , . ,
ten:aster-tom.
.% • -
Of whom. may he had, lately puOiisljed,
'Memorandums of a Residehee iti-Prauce in 1813-16; price
I is. boards. .
Scott's Visit to Paris in 1814 ; price 12s. boards.
Revisited in 1815, oriee t*s. hoards.
Berteard's Tour thron4h "•.4-
&c. Os. bokordi.
Paul's Letters from the Continent, 12s:.'hird3'..,' •

•
This Day. was puh'islied, in •tto, price et. 2s. boards,
• /
l'
A MANNERS ,' find CUSTONiS. 'of the }'t OPLE of
1111r-11(-)Nr• of tile CIIMIACTEtI,
IN pi A : an'i I heir Ipstitutinns, lieli(,•tons and Civil:
13y the Althe..l..A. 1)171301S. Missioinn:v in the Mysore.
, • - Translated•froni the French Mannsciipt.
Printed for Longman; Hurst, Rees, °inn., and Brown,
•
Ihtriiig the long period that I reniaho d tnryg'st, the
Natives`(herwieti }/;tin! I'B Ycats), lthade it r.i-7; constanCride
to hive as they did, Conforuting cx.iet iv in al 'l:iiings t.s their
Manne's,lo their Style of Living mid ( lofting., and even to'
most of their• Prejudices: In this wav I 'lit.came quite fa-
miliar with the various Tribes that compose the Indian
NatiOn,'antf aciiiiiri4"the" ContideneS• f Chose wi:oie aitl••aas•
most necct34g. for • tire purpose J. my
page IS. - • •
• -•-

" HABEAS
,cOIJ'L7S ACT.—We are happy to
stat,. that peilect restored
in • those -paits of -th'e kingdom Where inSurred-
tiouary rising has occurred.' Tt.e dellided
tittle, whit had been artttilly•and insidiouslyen-
tired by dcsiguing men to engage in-Sedit tons and
disloyal praCtices, have, fortunately tor themselves
and their country; seen their error and returned to
their various occupatious,,iiy which We most
cerely hope they will qoon be able to maintain
their families in comfort, live in peace with their
neighbours, and cease *to incur any danger from
the temporary suspension of the Habeas Corpus
Act, against which such a clamour has been:raised.
We hesitate not to declare that. what Junius has
'advabced in defence of another measure, 'may,
with equal propriety and justice, be advanced
in favonr of the present suspension of thiipart of
the Constitution :

I ton hare a. elaim.to the candid interpretation of my
cOuntry, when I acknowledge .an involuntary compulsive
assent to one very unpopular opinion. I lament the tin-,
happy necessity', whenever it arises, of providing for the
safety of the State by a temporary invasion of the . personal,
liberty of the subject. Would to God it were practicable to
reconcile these important objects in every possible situation
of public affairs! I regard the legal liberty. of the meanest
man in Britain as much as my own, and would defend it with
the same seal. I know we must stand or fall.together. But
1 never can doubt that the community has a right to com-
mand, as well as to purchase, the service of its members. I
SO: that right -titillated originally upon a necessity which
supersedes all argument, I see it established by usage imme-
morial, and admitted by inure than a tacit assent of the Le-
gislathre: I conclude there is' no remedy in the nature of
things for the grievance eoeiplained of, for, if there were, it
oust long since have been redressed. Though numberless
opportunities have presented themselves highly favourable
to publie.liberty, no suect ssful attempt has ever keen uiadr
for the relief of the subject in this article. Yet it has been
felt and complained of ever since England had a navy. The
conditions which constitute this right must be taken to-
gether: separately-they have little weight.—lt is not lair to
argue front any abuse itt the exteutiot, to the illegality of
the power; MUCti less. in a- conclusion to, be drawn from the
navy to the land service. A seaman can never be employed
but against 'the enemies of his country. The only case In
which a King't aq, Lave a right to arm his subjects in .general,
is that of a foreign force being actually lauded upon our coast.
Whenever that case happens, no true Englishman
will in-
quire whether the King's right to compel him to defend iris
eiintry'he the eustoneof England, or a grant of the Legis-
lature.",.(Juaiqes. Lt.item, vet. '2, page 1d7.)

" In. fact, the prod iceis, and aiways has been,
that when any bee State. is, or has been, in ac-
tual danger,ovbether from internal or external
foes, the. liberty of some of tire subjects of that
State has, for a limited period, been sacrificed for
the preservation of the lives, tire proven y, and
the liberty of the ut, inainder. Those who have
perused with attention the History of the Roman
Republic, know how often a Dictator .vas,ap-
pomted,—how often the Consuls were directed
by the Senate to' take cafe that no injury shoal-'
• b fall the'COtninon wealth. : Vet we Lelleye these
measures were tiever curried unanimonsly. By
%vhom were they opposed ? Insatiably, or nearly
so, by the infernal enemies of the piospetity of
that Republic\
" It we take a wider range of History, we shall
see that the major,ty of poweifid Siates, whose
glories, as poet " have passed away like
a shadou," were Inought (ti destruction, not by
external,eneintes, but by the effor,s of sedi.ions
men with tit. The•;e, in most instances, to gain
their ends. first •flattered the pen ilea anti when
advaircut to power by their s!ippott, become then
oppreisors. :rods Wtllllll ht: the case in Engla:id
were our demagogues to gain the • ascen.lancy
which they evidently aspire after. History fur-
ther proves, that it is not the interest of any State
that the popular voice should have an unchecked
command, for an itidisciiininate mass of the peo-
ple cannot re3son ; they are ever snlject to 1114
influence either of bribes, interest, or the specious
address of wild c orators ; ritid,therefore this sort
.'9l liberty soon falls into heellt ress. Let us
look at Atueui, ana recollect it• hat follies, what'
crimes, were committed when the people Sat ill su-
preme indolent ! It Persia, says Plato, was al-
fl;cted with excessive
,slavery, so Athensexperi-
enced all the e‘ils of excessive liberty.—There is
a medium iu Governinent which it has been the
h.l}►pintss of Engizild to discover—and that me-
(limn is a mixed monarchy ;--moderata durant.
" The degrading senition which in Eliglapd has
lately caused so much agitation, emanated in the
hest instance front a well known few, whose de-
light it ever has been to dwell in troubled waters.
,The public distress has been peculiarly favourable
for tfutr sinister practices,.and our manufacturing
system euNtired a rapid dissemination of the poi
SOIL Where large bogies of men, trot of sufficient
strength of mind to penetrate beyond the mere
.surface. of things, are employed together, Coma=

111 illitiloll, ‘Oiell once introduced, cannot fail to
• spread ; awl we are sorry to say there has been 10)
,vant industry in lie introduction.--,-,No
vidoal, however naturally well inclined, can
escape the contagion and retail? his sitnatiot), for
otdess he " does as the rest do, " he would find
equal tranquillity in a nest of h,riirls. A ht•gt:
pi4tion ot.the ()utak press has alsn been enlisted
j in Phe same senice, mind thus star it4n /134 becollit.
Orin olahle and threatening. Every man who
wishes to lit esetye the stability !t;tl the happiness
01 the country, will roltnit that shore than the Or-
dinary !towels of the law are itece.ittal'y. The
Stispens on of the Ilaheas Corpus Act will operate
as a prevention as well as n pnitislunent „Ind thus
,t be it liCit•tit laty maxim OKI( " fear should reach
.to all, Owl liturislititeta be infiicttd but on few"'
will be yet ified. We are aware that all power is
liahle to-abitse; but what Minister will dare to
rtin'ititO eiteesses of this sort while we posses,
our tiOttat of Couttuoas auii a 'me Preis 1"

This important bra ,cif of -the Coasting Tradit
labours at pre-sent Under ;cry -heavy; depresSioti,-
and. requires.. all the care and fncouragernent
which the Government can bestow emir
What effectual relief eau he tainted to it we dci
not presume to state—but we are informed by
sons of respectability .and experiences that the
only 'mode by which this great Nursery. of Seamen;
can be preserved, will be to etittalize the Duty on
Coals coastwise, and by imposing a similar Duty
:on the Inland Coal, with a Drawback on that
wlgich is tiseel in IVanufaettires, and by a considera-
ble reduction of the Over-sea Duty on Coals ship"
*per! to places abroad.--That the Government, will
give every attention to this subject we have no
,dOuht, from the relief they have afforded the
Welch colleries during this year.—As to the ob-
servation which has been made, that. the Navy can
be manned without recourse to the Coal Trade
from the North, it is tqo ridiculous to he seri-
ously refuted—for the present we are cotitentedto
refer to the. immense •hody of seamen- who were
discharged from.ithe King's service' at the close -(1
the late war, belonging to the ports of Newcastle
and Sunderland, and when to these are adavd the
seamen belonging to all the ports to the Eastward
of the Humber, who are principally bred in the Coal
Tuttle, we do not hesitate to say, that they lima
a very lunge ptoportion of the Able boil. itd Seamen
employed in the Navy.—ln the course of the yea!
we shall again revert tO this subject, in the hopes
that we shall be enabled to draw the public atten-
tion to the consideration of this distinpisbc3
feature of the Trade and Navigw ion of the coml..
try.

DANGEROUS ASCEN OF A B.'.LLOON.

The Journal of Lyons, on the 9th irititnt,
tains the following article

" It is a melaTicholy thing to he obltiged to
relate the particulars of a fatal occurrence, wheti
it was expected that nothing but a pleasant cle..
setiption was to be given: The aerostatic spec-
rade announced by M. A uGusTIN, took place last-
Sunday according to the programme wintelt had,
lit en given of it. But the last expel intent ,whi,ll bad •
excited the greatest cut iosit y, cut is ely fai;ed,ami the
i.iectatots were thrOwnt into the greatest esnwev-
liation. At eight in the evening, the balto.n. rose
wi!li a considerable force of atiCellsion, carrying the .
parachute, and. the boat in m' bleb the wool oinare
aeronaut was placed. The parachute aas about-
fifty feet below the baboon. M. Augustin, whose
ambition it WAS not tO descend except by the •
parachute, had not provi.!ed any meat). opening
the valve to let the gas out. The nal %nces att:dcoetl
to the upper part of the balloon must have caused
it to be overturned; so as the parachute should
be se; arated from it, and it would have lallea
near the place of its depict tore. But by
some deplorable lati+lnyi NI Augustin, after
'king to a convenient height, was unable to cot,
the rope vt hich fastened the rrachute to the bal-
loon. The ascent was very rapid, and continued in
the direction of t east, and in a short time the spec-.
,ators.lost sight of the balloon altogether. F.rom that
thne no kll n
.:COttht has been received of it,not ,c
,tanding all the searches that have been Wade. This
affair is the st6ject of general conversation here.
Every body is grieved at the supposed loss of the
courageous Phy4,ician, and endeavours at the same
lute to explain the Cause of his misfortune. Among
the various conjectures; the following is the most
pi•obable. The boat, while rising, took a circular
1110VCaleht, Mild/ at a certain height might have
swotted the aeronaut ; the ropes which united
this boat to the parachute must have been so en-
tangled, that he could not ,cut the principal one
without cutting those which kept the boat sus.•
vended from t:,e balloon. fin this perilous sit IN..
tion, 111. Augustin was necessarily obliged to
abandon his fate to the spontaneous descent of
the balloOn, over which he unfortunately had ucs
power.

• " Just- as our Journal wss rthout to be p' trr
press we received the lollowiug agreeable
gence Augustin descended at
.nine n'elock•
on Sunday evening, in the parachute, at Li eres,
eight leagues trust Lyons. The account of this
fourth ascent, the result of whicb kep: tnen'%
minds so long in ,painful suspense, will be inune-
tliatelyputylistied."

‘.... . • .
The BRITISH LADIES' MAGAZINE for Angnst,'•
published by Mr. MACKAY, wilt contain. six ele.
gant EngraOngs ; the Lite of Mrs. Elizabeth Car.,
ter, written by Mr. Chaluter,; the Theory of
t ducation, by a et.kbrated Auth;)r ; an Essay ott
Beauty 'and t.hder, aS it conevuns the porter; of
perception distinct from what is mt ant by sensa-
Ext Facts from Mr. Dowdlen's Thoughts unk
the proposed linprovenn'ut in Ferpale klducation ;
a Review (1. • Harrington and Ormond, by Miss
Edg erOrt b"—" 'lice Wadi Mountaineers, by hiss
iftiaon"-..-". Manfred, by fiord 13,Yron''—" Mac-
beth and King Richard; by J. P. Kenible"—,-
". France, by Lady Morgan"-7-‘' VOri nice and
Fr.ailty, by Miss Lloicroft"—The comistu.sinn of
Handers Life ; admired. Poet ry ; Review trt. New
Mnsie published in July ; Fas Hons London'
. 4
nod Tani; with j)ri,tts, (t emitilliie i,c coluw:s;
.ti•te
Opera the Drama ; Monthly Itecouter OI ht.
aYciuctiible it/id important Events ; Bor its, Mar•
riages, and Deaths ; Literary Notices ; ,and a
)letiO3pcei Of iliNtory Euribc itcutli QC
July.
