WCST INDIA LAJMURrits.

Mr. Ilitnit.or rose to br.itt ,orwaro ri notion upon
the I.,ubject of tree laPpurtrii-,for the We...t Indian
Cowries. The .:teat abjectwhich he had w view
bringing OA plan nelore tfie House, %Ails to lay the
toundtd.,on of a system which would do away the
nttetisity of negro slavery, and totally etadik ate it
from the Nandi. He did not wish to interfere
with the spteur at once, but to arnve at it by slow
and gradual degrees, so that at last the abolition
Should be courpleie. in order to eifeCt this, a
it
appeared to littn a great and desitible objed, he
shotld prwoo to introduce into the Coluidei

sup!)ly Of free laboureTs, 'who "might spew to des,
slavesan example of what voluntary industry could
acCestivplish ; and he was the more inclined to' thi,
because„ of
.late years, the population had mareri-
ally decreased. The Hon. Gentleman read from' a
letter which he had received. by the last packet,
which stated that the returns to the Assembly hfia-
mica, on the '29th March, 1810, were 10,000
slaves within the year, of which number the de- -
crease had been nearly on the average 2 percthit
This decrease he hoped would in future be Provided
for by his plans, and that a commixture of man-
ners would produce an aretelioraiton, not only- of
Manners, but of condition; among the slaves. This
he conceived he was fairly justified in supposing from
the number of Europeans who would be introduc-
ed; and the introdthion would have this beneficial
effect; that it would keep our, possessions more se-
cure than they are at present, under the trail tenure
of slaves ; cultivation of the soil would be Idvanc-
ed, the class of labourers he hoped to see int roduc,-
ed would be drawn from the shores of Hindostap,
and obsetved,• that he -mentioned this plan to Mr.
Windham when-he was at the- head of the Colonial
Department, and that Gentleman had approved of
it, and urged hits to persevere. He now was urged
to bring it forward from the recollection that Bt-
tayia would produce many of their people. ' Per-
sons thus brought, with their wives and families,
should be free, not slaves of necessity, but shewing
an. example of doniestic life, such as would induce
the shves to follow the example. He calculated,
that in two years after this exportaion, he should
be enabled to ascertain whether the Plan would
succeed: At least, he thought it was a -fit subjeCl
fur discussion in a Committee. It would require
no pecuniary aid from the public ; and should it` be
determined that this was not the proper rime to
adopt it, then it might be a'!opted when it was judg,
ed expedient. The Honourable Gentleman at some
[-wilt discussed the subject (rather at times ioau-
`titbits in the Glllery), and concluded by moving`:—

" That a Committee be appointed to.consider the practi-
cabillity end expediency of supplying our Colonies with 'free
labourers train the East Indus, and to report their opinions
to the !louse."

Mr. BROWNE said, thnt he did ndt • rise to,oppose
tho motion of the Hon. Gentleman, for whom, in-
ileed, he en:emitted such a,respect, as would induce
him to further rather than to retard any object
which he might have in view. He declared,
'ever, that, with the most sincere wishes for, the •
ameliiiralion of the.tniite of lite slaves in the West.
Indies, he could not avoid thinking the plan pro-
posed by the 'Hon. Gentleman a visionary scheme ;
&Moult iii tlie.execution,' and of very doubtful' ad-
vantage; Still he was desirotis t...at it ,hould
aii-
dorgo investigation ; and the print yal purpose for
whielnlierose, was to impress uron the Honse the
importance of non COrrillg to a final deterinina!ion
upon' the subject, until those had been consulted
whose tnterests- were sit ntattrially at stake. He
said_ this, because he knew, that the project of ihe
Hon. Gentleman would be re, dived favourably by
the Ho •se ; and bet a tit. `';o ayes Aitprehensive,- thit
in the ardour cif 'heir feelings they might neglect
what would pertiqs appear to them minor c ,nsidc-
tiuions. He•eutreated them, then:foie,. to look
tiro subject io all its bearings ;' to look at it with a
view to the nature of the advantages proposed Or
the plin—to *the practicability ot the plan— ind
above all, to the, which might result, is the,
event ot a failure, tv.ai he introduction of a Vast
poptiliitiou into the West Indies..

Mt -WII.BCAPOIiCH ("oared, that any proposition
o connoo, ft 016 the Honorahle , in who wade
the (notion be.,..tore the House was, in Ins opit,ion' en.
led to the highest respect and attention., The
Ailbj,'Ct way one which tll deserted the.serions at.
telshon of l'arhattiviti ; and. he was nu, sittded that
our arty of tho•e who 'night t ote , for the
1 I- 41.,ttrable Gent !entail's motion, would 1k supposed
;„loot; that. thry were ready tolitfopt the plan it-
it, I Inp-rlectly informed a, he wa on •the subject,
12,': would .wave any. tart her cotntnents.

Mr. STiPHENS echoed the high character given
by hts• elf:nouraule. Friend, of the Hon. Mover of.
the prop, sition b, tore the lousy, bat telt it memo-
'bent on lom frankly to express his entire despair,
that ieport troll the' Committee ithont to be
°pi/reined could lead'sto a good pracsical result.—
Aunough it Would bit -highly improper, to refuse to
hear thieopiOlats of such a Cumtnittee, yet he Was
persutoe,l, that while institutions of slavery- existod
in the Wet lodic's, the labonr of free men could
never be- bronght suceessiully into competition with
the lattnOrot sieves. Alter a former experiment of
siniihr nature, ielia4 been said by their cm, loyeii,
that the Chinese did not do them as much seri ice in
a month as the negroes del in a week ; not yet at
alai period the Chinese were uninewebered.with
their farnilies. He felt this. strong objection
.to the
plan iniiinine, that it proceeded on the principle that
the population of the nogroes was inadequate to the
maintenance of their numbers. , This he denied.
The negroes were ri prolific rare every where but in
the sugar collet-ties, and even there, on those .eststes.
io which they were treated whit More thau, or-
dmary humani,y, they were fully able to, main,*
their numbers: If an expectation were held' tii
.the planters, •by the present plan, of recruiting
their plantations from other quarters, they would be
less attentive, by good
,treatment, and Om restraint
of abases, to. encourage Irlpulation among, their
slaves. Tills would Appear still more ,probable,'
it was I:Onsulered that the Colonial Assem-
blies hati-niten but tew steps, since the Abelition
, Slave Trade, to meliorate the condition of the
'Slaves. They bad posed no law to render the
Slaves inalienable from the estates which they cut.
tivated. They It,id not abolished the poll!tax,
which', imposed, as' it was, from the birth of the.ne-
-11, pe4, operated as n great check to population. He,
lead andther prima facie. objeeikrt to the plan: The
complexion of the Chinese would cremes them to he
regarded ns.Molattoes, and he doubted Whether it
would be just to countenance the importation into
the West Indies.. of persons .who would thus find
themselves obnoxious to the most aboard and must
cruel prejtidices,-. The proposition of the Kon.
Gentleman proceeded on one of therepun
to pu
iples, either that it was ex eedient to increase the
xtent of land cultivated in the West Indies, or
hat the negroes could not, by their own population)

tender. themcelves ;iffident for the culture of the
land afready blokes up. To n.!ither of th-iie prin.
ciples was ne cw.vett. ; and therelore he cwitesiz4
hit t'%e did tint inticipate
' much advantage frimi tip)
lii)ottrs k.,oln.mtcoe; •

Mr..fivsx.t,ioN expresvci his wrong dete3tatioi
of the abommable tratik to hefty) beings ; and de:.
dared that he should-concur in the a;;E) I:iinient of
lie Comanite,e, aittrugh he ha I se% eral doolits,
similar to those stared try the Honoura:Ae Gentle-
wen who hat spoken, as to the parable result of
tiw•ioreAtgatiom-

Hiiaear delende:l tire Colonial koiemblies
from the, charges which ,ha,l ,)cen prefi:rred aowst
iliem. Ho supported the propu,iti I 1 ot flow.
Friend.

The motion was then agrkted to; and a Com-
mittee- was. appoin:eJ, cmisisti:tof Mr, Balwin;
Mr. Elti., Mr. Lambe,' Mr. Pk )st!,
Mr. Ward, Mr, Ponsonby, tilr. B‘.-cromy Rydt.r
Mr. -Wilburforce, Mr. at Mr.
Mr. Peek, Mr. Babiagton, &c.
CHARTER OF THE EAST INDI A COMPANY,

The CHANdELLoa of he ExcnFautitt, alter id-
vetting to lie At of the 34d of the King, inch
ft-guyed, that soon after the Iht of M'irch 1.81.1 , 110;.
tn:e ShoUid.tie gtvrn of. the -Expiration 0: 'be Hist.
India Company's Chit ter in three year,, ar,d of the
pa) client of the str,l S due fr, In tilt' ;: and.
alto- observing that the original sum 01 4,400,0901.
r,dtteed to 1,207,5501. by payments
skint Session, moved. •

"'That notice by green the sum of t ,207,'5450L
and all arrears of atthuities, being the r of';
the capital stot..k of the debt die to 11. e Bait India
Compnny, will be redeemed and paid oft' on lOW
April, 1814."

Mr. CREEVY obseryed, that Mr. Pitt, in the year'
179 I, gave notice to the Iht dia Contpany ti.at
Otarter would, expire in thr-e -)rar4 ;
no reueival.of the Chatter took phice until Ina.--
He hoped that ai I.lng a time %-ulft be ;,110 e,.‘.ru
ellise in the present itioaoqe Paciiamoot
'wodd tie called upon to consider the.expedtettey of
a renewal of the Chatter,

Mr. DUNDAS woutd 110: CO/I,CM to ple.lle :Go•
veronica. to any si.ch engigt•nient. as that doLrited
by the Hon, Gentienrin.

To rootiori was then agreed to ; as was also tha
following :

"l'hat the SpeAker do, on the inst, signify
the Same in writing in the Dircctors of the Eattl'
India Cornlmny:"._i___

DISTILLERY HILL
After some et:hive:Es:44)h, ‘‘ hi. Ii the C' arc I.
lor of the Exe*ltc,qu,l*, 141 r. f and `itr.
W. Smith paitiep the Buil t.ivu emu
mitt ci proprma; the, blanks v,',re ut', the re.
1.)01 t as ITCOII ed, and Ordered to iakett wig
further con,kieratioit oti 0,,d iy, and the Li.),
nine, Ricci, Adi :o ue pritite(h—Ajourhd.

MEGA ND.

MAY.) 44IZ,CS.

M'Cue, Patrick M'Coe, Jarne's De no',
iVois and Patrick Hopkins, Kerr: it,di;;;ted
for being of n !arty, "writi, on the night of the 14th
Much di. ngu.1,110(1 as Thretthers, tired into
Op.! h.n •of peter emins sk,r!rill snots', by some of
which • CAtiOu's wit:* ‘4,is ktikd and .Ins cbiuOtter
!wounded. •

PETER C.ANN'A examined.

Remembers the bi4ht named in the indOment ;
elon or nine persons came to t; Is house, at tw'r,t ss it it
g ...s; bayonets, pistols,• and bright Arms ; they
tc.oke in countertened voices ; they demainded arms,
and 'asked were there arms in Mr..Paii's house I
they dragpd up witness and Ins sun, hem and Oat-
tered laird, .upon, hich witness said, '' I brheve,
boys, it was wi;lt intent of murder you came here ;"
two thrusts of a bayoi•et A'tltl made at lii it ra d son ;
one said to Another, " Shoot hint, • Murty ;" heard
Marty called: a great many times ; they ter d red
witness an oath whether he knew Any Of' tht m ;
they then went to the next horse, and witnesi.had•
only, time to put on his shoes and stockings, when
they returned ; dl his family remair,ed in the
house ; this, door was now wide open—h(i had 1,0
doi4bt that Denis 'A/Moe was one of the party ;
when tkey came back they asked for the arms that
fired the shot a little while ago; witness said, it
was at Mr; Fair's witness thrust 'with a pitchfork
at the (list than that approached the door, who in.
stand), fired at him ;.- he thrust at each of them as
they 61110 war ; fourteen shots we-re fired, but tar ca
of them' touched him ; Peter M'Cue firtA the shot
that' killed, his Wife; his daughter Was wounded,
and cited out murder; his wile was in bud, and.
daughter with her, as the party wanted fr.) get out
the latter to ill-usu her ; witness was ,-..atisti,d to be
kilkl,- as he Was sure liewonld kill some of the
party ; his wife died instantly on being shot.; I
were two balls in, her; the put> knerii very well
that witness had not goid.o. silver, and only came as
Threshers to kill him; does not know that pre.01...7r
Hopkins was among them, nor did he see, Pa,r1.,1;
M'Cue or James M'Cua Denis attempted to bleak
a pot in the house.
