LITERAitiRE.

EDINfIIURGII REVIEW, No. Cll.—.Enninuitall,

1830.

There is little of what may be called elegant
information in this number, which is almost
wholly of auf ieful practical character. Still less
is there anyt"►►ing showy or attractive in the style.
We do IP .4 recognise the vigorous and elegant
pen of IV lacauley, unless it he in the analysis of
" Nieb► Ar's Rotnan History," and we here trace
it rad' ,er in the choice of subject than from any
internal evidence that the style puts forth ; the
gran eful metaphysical acumen of Jeffrey, or the
rob ust and comprehensive politics of Brougham ;
lani articles seem for the most part to be the pro-
ductions of intelligent practical men of the
world, neither above nor below par in point of
mind. The number, in short, contains no one
article to be remembered beyond its day. The
firs'. is a sensible and satisfactory refutation of
l'Ar. Sadler's new-fangled theory on the law of
population. The Reviewer treats this showy
orator with but little deference, and refutes him by
means of his own propositions. The reader will
be much amusedbythe cursoryallusions to the fe•
cundity of Peers in this article,which might have
been turned to excellent account, had the Reviewer
possessed any powers of humour and sarcasm.
" Monk's Life of Bentley" is entertaining rather
from the nature of its subject, than from any
superior sagacity or range of information that
the article displays. The Dean of Peterborough
is treated but with little ceremony, but, as it

seems to us, with quite as much as be deserves.
Dr. Monk, at the very best, is but a so-so
scholar, and as a writer of English belongs to
the Malaprop school. We never heard that he
was distinguished at Cambridge, for aught be-
yond what may be termed respectable scholastic
acquirements. He succeeded Porson as Greek
Professor, and very speedily and abundantly proved
that the mantle of the departed Elijah had not
descended upon him. However, he makes a

good Dean, though an indifferent scholar ; a
capital high churchman, though a common-place
divine. " Niebuhr'a History of Rome" is
treated in a spirit of justice and discrimination.
It is a well-written article, and puts forth evi-
dence of information without pomp or parade.
0 Jefferson's Memoirs and Correspondence" is
an able article, just, temperate, and conciliatory.

The character of the great American States-
man, the Coryphums of the republican party in
Congress, is well summed up

" Jefferson's understanding and character were of a
plain, bold, and practical cast—full of activity and strength.
But neither in his politics, science, or literature, do we see
any sign of genius or depth. His speculations are chiefly
interesting from our curiosity to learn the opinions of so
celebrated a person. There is scarcely a tincture visible
front first to last, among all his multifarious disquisitions,
of real philosophical sagacity, inventive observation, or
refinement of taste. Independent and incorruptible him-
self, be was proud of the virtue of the party with which
he acted, And confident in his belief that the popular will,
whilst unvitiated by the perverse laws and corrupt habits
of communities where commerce and distinction of orders
had prevailed, might be trusted as the sole principle of
Government. This personal uprightness, and this con-
fiding reliance -in the trustworthiness of human nature,
under such circumstances, at least, as the population of the
United states is placed in, are in singular contrast with
the boundless suspicions he is always brooding over in the
case of his federal opponents, and the sweeping &minds-
tione which be promulgates against the privileged classes
of Europe,

" We have seen that he was constantly pining after

what he felt to be his true vocation. The interest which
attends the literary pursuits and opinions of men eminent
in the prsctieal part of life, has led us to look attentively
for the traces of them scattered up and down these .voluntes,
They show hirn to have been to plainly destined for an
enterprising scholar, rather than a master, that we cannot
count him as one of the s►actritipes which, in free countries,

. , .
the ki pien are always offering up at the altar of patriotism
or ambiOnt. The Notes on Virginia (his only professed
work) were originally written as answers to some !ies.
tirms pot to him by a foreigner, A Wench translation of
some private oopies having appeared, their publication in
1787 became scarcely a MatAtir of choice. They contain a
great deal of useful knowledge, told very agreeably. But
The mot striking thing about them is the evidence which
they give of romp IS!,cret force of character behind, by pro-
clueing an effect out of all proportion either with the real
lroportance of the subject, or any apparent superiority in
the authr, There is a weightiness, certainly, always in
good sense, wbeiq it, 4 at we earnest and unpretending.
Hut sincerity arid mural courage are imposing auxiliaries;
and these great characteristics of hie mind were not more
strongly exhibited in after life than in the directness with
Which ha here tells the Virginians what he thinks the
truth, on such irritialla questions as slavery arid their own
defective constitution, liovefte pnpelatable the troths
might I*."

" Origin and Affinities of Language" is 4
curious and root an unamusing article to those
who are fond of such inquiries, " The Ministry
and the State of Parties," is an attempt to per.
suade. men of all parties that it is their duty to
,004h!hee in order to eject the present Ministry
from office, The Old Tories and the Whigs
are particularly appealed to. In the course of
this article, we cannot help thiphing that Mr,
Peel is treated with less fairness and coneldera.

tion than he deserves. In point of sagacity we
do not feel inclined to ruts this orliely very highly.
It is hasty, and drawn up without sufficient con-
sideration, There is, besides, an inconsistency
about it, which proves that the writer, whoever
he may be, has only half digested his political
theories. f‘ Sotheby's Specimens of s New
Version of Homer" is a slight but agreeable
article, containing one or two shrewd remarks
and some little eloquence. Pope's translstion
is properly desk with : the best way to trans-
late Homer, certainly the most characteristic—
as it seems to us—would he to translate

him after the style and manner of Sir
Walter Scott's « Marmion," adopting the Va-
rious and spirited veisification of that poem.
Nothing can be more like ona of Homer's
battles then the famous Floaden Field encounteo
in the last canto of f‘ Marmion"—tmless, in-

deed, it be the still more magnificont battle of
Loudon-bill, who►rte Burley meets with and slays
Bothwell, i►► "Old Mortality," We should like
to see a translation of the fine old (keel; poet,
attempted in the frets, flowing, rapid style of
" Marts►ion :" we think it would be a successful
novelty. On the whole, the number is a good
one.

G H EECE.—The public, will be glad to bear
that the Hey. T. S. nuutipi has just published a new
edition of his very celebrated Travois in Greece and Al-
bania, The present publication is enlarged by moch new
matter both as regards the antiquities in those countries
avid the existing state of manners in society ; this latter
p4ttioti i 4 rettiliagil especially vulnable by its including a
mentoir, now first given to the world, of the life and death
Cidrtlghisotato4r4rifirt'litie"rrYsvirltrtrou"gweltAieti: lit'aAsl'gni4v elf jitZletal; t.
to Orem-,
