I; •

I

06;

° THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY).

COVENT-GA'

There was a good supply a
the trade was brisk ; prices
day se'anight.
a. d. s. d
Potatoes (cwt.) 9 6105 0
Cauliflowers I. 6 4 0
Cobbages (12 heads) 0 9 1 6
Jorse itadish(bundle) 1 6 3 0
Celery 0 6 1 4
Turnips (12 bunches) I 6 3 0
Young Carrots .. ... 6 0 12 0
Coleteorta or Greens 1 0 1 9
}radishes 0 6 1 0
Ing Onions 1 6 2 0
Leeks 1 0 1 6
Cos Lettuces (score) 0 8 1 6
Cabbage ditto 0 3 0 6
Cucumbers (brace)
Small Sailed (basket) 0 1 0 4
Sca.kail (pummel)
French Beans 0 8 1 0
Wall Cherries (lb) 0 9 1 0
Cherries (121 b.) 3 0 8 01
Strawberries (pottle) 0 6 091
Raspberries 0 6 0

EN MARKET.

It this morning's market, and
about the same as on this

s.d. s.d.
Spinage (half-sieve) 0 4 tot) 6
Green Pease ...... 0 8 1 6
IBroad Beans 0 8 1 4
Young Apples 2 0 5 0
Pears 2 0 3 o
Gooseberries 1 3 9 6
Currants 2 0 4 0
Sweet Oranges (WO)
Seville Oranges
Lemons 6 0 14 0
Asparagus. 1 0 2 6
Span. Chesnuts (peck) 6 0 10 0
French ditto 4 0 6 0
Spanish Hazlenuts
French Walnuts 5 0 8 0
Eng. Grapes (per lb.) 2 6 4 0
Foreign 0 8 I 0
Peaches (dozen) 3O 0 36 0
Nectarines. 24 6 30 0
Apricots
Common Plums 2 0 4 0

HAY MARKETS.—(At per Load of 36 Trusses.)
ST. JAMES.
Coarse heavy Lowland Meadow Hay £2 10 to £3 0
New Meadow Hay . 10 4 0
Useffil Old Ditto
Fine Upland Meadow and Rye-grass Hay 4 5 5 5
Clover Hay 3 10 5 10
Oat Straw £0 oto£o 01 Wheat Straw... 212 3 0
Meadow Hay 55. to 100.. Straw 3s. ; and Clover Hay ss. per
load lower than last quoted. A good supply, and a dull trade.

Coarse heavy Lowland Meadow Hay £2 10 to £3 0
New Meadow Hay 2 15 4 0
Useful Old Ditto 3 15 4 0
Fine Upland Meadow and Rye-grass Hay 4 5 510
Clover Hay (extra fine)....00 10... Generally
Oat Straw 40 oto£o 0 1 Wheat Straw 212 3 0

MEETING OF THE ELECTORS OF
BRISTOL-(YESTERDAY).

•
• A Meeting having been called by advertisement, to con-
,eider of a proper person to represent this city in Parlia-
ment, in consequence of the resignation of Mr. Bright, a
large and respectable body of the electors met at the
Assembly Rooms, in Princes-street, this morning—the
number, probably, above 2,000.
W. P. TAUNTON, Esq., Barrister, was called to the
Chair. After reading the advertisement of the meeting,
• he said it was useless for him to point out, their duty,
which they well knew, but he begged that they would give
each speaker an impartial hearing.
After a lapse of some minutes, Mr. PINNI/T, a West
India Planter, rose end said, it was with much diffidence
.that he had brought himself to address them that day, but
that he did it in consequence of his name being called.-
--(Applause.)—[Here a part of a platform at the end of
the room gave way, and though it occasioned great con-
fusion and no little alarm, was unattended by any serious
accident.]—He was going to say that, knowing the opinion
of a very numerous class of his fellow-citizens, he thought
it proper to give his opinion on those important questions
'—Free Trade, Civil and Religious Liberty, and Reform in
Parliament.—(Applause.)—He was convinced that the
first was the most important, and would raise this nation
' to a zenith of power and greatness unprecedented in the
annals of the world. The ether questions depended on the
great moral and intellectual improvement of mankind ; and
he would ask the good sense of the meeting, if the enormous
sums generally spent at the contested elections not only of
';, this city, but in every part of the United Kingdom, were
'' ' in any respect favourable to a reform in Parliament ? Of
'' this evil there should be a radical reform.—(Noise.)—lt
'.. was an evil, the remedy for which we hold in oar own
'' hands. The abolition of West India slavery should be
°A' done judisiously, and in accordance with those int, sioralile
esi r olutions of the two Houses of Parliament, which they
t Passed in 1820, and in which he as well as all other persons,
WhO were holders of property in the West Indies, cordially
1;;, egreed.—(No, no.)—He spoke what be knew confidently.
i, He then went on to say that to stand as a Representative
t: to this great city would be an honour to any man, and
"1: •he trusted that the electors would give that honour to the
beet man.—(Applause.)-110 would be glad to have that
:' honour ; but he could confidently say, that nothing should
1. indica hm to come forward if it was to be at the expence
•I of so much money, which he considered inconsistent with
"- . hie own freedom and the independence of the electors.—
i (Murmurs.)
k, • ' There was now a pause in the meeting, and no person
rose to propose a gentleman who was for retrenching the
saturnalia of an election.
; : , Mr. Tam, a freeman and a carpenter, apparently
• from his shop-bench, then rose. He thought Mr. Pinney
li• had not been explicit enough on the question of West India
ii slavery. He (Mr. P.) had said, we did not understand
llie question of slavery ; bat we all understand humanity,
e ..A. .
-.. we ought to follow its dictates.—(Great uproar.)--
! Mr. Pinney is backed by the West India interest.—(No,
li "•)—I say he is.
The bold speaker then read some statements from Mill-
' eionary Reports, complaining of the planters not allowing
their slaves to turn Methodist preachers and schoolmasters.
This digression was very impatiently listened to, and was
only heard out by the interference of the Chairman.
Mr. TAIT? then proceeded—Until Mr. Pinney had
' given a pledge to vote against West Indian slavery he hoped
the citizens of Bristol would not give him their votes. lie
• Proposed a tried man (Mr. Protheroe, jun.)—(Uproar,
With fries of " No Popery, down with the Bristol slave-
dealers," &c.)
, Mr. PINNICT, in reply to a question, said he was much
• obliged to the gentleman who Aced him if lie was a friend
' to religious liberty. lie did not feel offended at the ques-
.,h/ tics, nor at the attack from the last speaker on his she-
I racter. He did not object to liberality in candidates ; but
. he did object to the enormous expenditure at the hustings.
: "(Uproar.)—He had been educated a friend to religious
- liberty, and he trusted he should live and die such.—
/ (Noise, and cries of "Protheroe.")
. The R. Mr. ROBINTS, Baptist llinister, had the
.: happiness of knowing Mr. Pinney, and knew bins to be a
ors, virtuous and upright man, and a friend to religion and
humanity; and what he was about to say was not in per-
sonal enmity to him. If any person could prove that the
° Would b,s. lio answer to the arguments againstslaTery—a
~,.ething_rlich is abhorrent to the very nature of Englishmen.
.
His friends and dearest relations were connected with
the West Indies; but he would not allow private feelings
to influence him when they interfered with his duty as a
malt and a Christian. He always admired those beautiful
Words
of his friend Mr. Curran—" The moment a man
sets his feat on English ground his chains fall from him,
si sad the demon of slavery sinks into the earth, and his
anal into freedom." There would have been no
l' hie
to Mr. Protheroe's return, had he not declared
i'' Is opinion in the House of Commons on the slave trade,
11 ,7.(11(4 es.)-11e would say yes, for Mr. Protheroe had
If
,eeltred the same in the Homo of Commons.—(Cries of
li : That's no proof," and great uproar.)—He would not
fl !lave seconded the nomination of Mr. Protheroe, but that
r ie believed in the truth of his statement. The question
ho
44 sow of religious liberty, and he called upon the Dis-
,, 4.,ters---(Hisees and applause)—to stand forward, and
2. the descendants of the 2,000 martyrs who suffered in
f this cityin the reign of Charles H. He then alluded to
l_t!ll, imprisonment of Mr. Smith and other Dissenting Mi-
meters in the West India islands. He concluded by se-
, 4°.,,,nding the nomination of Edward Protheroe, jun.—(Ap-
it I",!'e.)
os ane CHAIRMAN then put the question of Mr. Pro-
,--: .1.,,r. nomination. •
, l e show of hands wag much in favour of Mr. Protheroe,
I ntelhe greater part did not show at all. The announce-
"te...t
The
received with three cheers.
,; ,Th Crumb/tax then asked if any other person was to
7 person might
in nomination, for it did not follow that some other
__ tnight not be proposed.
I._ Mr, PINNIST was not going to make another speech, but
z.W.!_i.about to state that he should not stand nor oppose
; air, Bright, if he should step forward. He was going to
1/. inP.ese the son of a person to whom this city was muds
Pr "geoted. Had not this city been reflected on that it is
finorle,tige_r_the second city of the empire, but the fourth or
, n0'c."44,1-net it not become them to elect one who would be
I I 4 ides-idiots in the House and who knew all their
10 ,
city and would uphold the Commercial prosperity of the
of 8r155e0.,;...
propose was
en (Cheere.)—The person whom be should
this city, wed e well acquainted with the commerce of
would be always ready to forward its trade.
He hoped
otofd dolt
mid
the , s our Constitution is free, that its free-
!re, the blessing of its influence should be exerted all
B illie.--w(gAripap.launtee)concluded by proposing Mr. James
01... CRl.,p_ta_iinifita.trro; then seconded Mr. Pinney's motion.
Pl. licille,l'eWuas a fitli aanlld pth:oenperput the question of whether Mr.
person to be put in nomination.
itS'l h show; wise much in favour of Mr. Baillie; and
"I slildeuse followed.)
000 1.. Tbe CHAIRMAN then said that the show of hands was
grin:ft:lr': in favour of Mr. Baillie, over the show of hands
rotheroe.
ft Mr. J. HALL rose, but he was very indistinctly heard,
;i: arlditz emaur.hinaondirie f.fa er from those about him that he was
;iii,
genTthiterneensztittapantet
ihnere asked if there were any other
Mr. Pointe- propneend"linatim t Itt %ginne which Was a a vote of thank% to the Learned
9 meeting separated. agreed to with applause, and the
