HOUSE OF COMMONS.

At four o'clock the Speaker, accompanied by several
Members, proceeded to the House of Lords to hear the
Royal Assent given by Commission to several private and
public Bills ; for which see Lords Report.
Mr. Crayfer, from the Treasury brought up certain
papers relative to the woollen manufactures.

Mr. BYNG brought up the Report on the East London
road Bill.

Mr. ASHURST presented a petition from the inhabi-
tants of Chipping Norton, complaining that the crime of
horse-stealing had increased, and praying that some remedy
might be adopted to check it.

Mr. LAMB brought in a Bill to enable perrons accused
of felony to be defended by Counsel. The Bill was read
a first time, and ordered to be read a second time on the
6th of June.
Mr, CURTEIS presented petitions from Ashworth
against the importation of Foreign Wool, and praying for
restrictions upon the importation of Corn.
Mr. CURTEIS moved for returns of money laid out in

various ways upon the Penitentiary, and the number m
prisoners confined therein.
Sir JOSEPH YORK thought the motion unnecessary,
because the returns were annually made. If that building
were to be placed under the controul of the Secretary of
State, it would, he thought, be differently conducted from
the manner in which it was managed by the Committee.
Sir M. W. RIDLEY felt it necessary to meet this mo-
tion with a direct negative. The information was already
in various shapes before the House, if he would only take
the trouble to find it. This was one of the cases which
he had tried to put a stop to, as tending to throw an ex-
treme and unnecessary onus on the Officers of the different
establishments.
Mr. HEATHCOTF, hoped that Hon. Members would
pause before they could permit these unnecessary Returns
to ba made ; and hoped the Hon. Baronet would divide
the Mouse upon it.
Lord LOWTHER said that if it went to a division lie
must give his vote for the motion of the Hon. Member for
Sussex. if the information was before the House, he for
one could not find it. The building had cost between fire
andisix hundred thousand pounds, and there was, besides,
an annual grant of 2.5,0004 He thought it would have
been much the wiser course to have accepted the offer of
the Middlesex Magistrates.
Mr. M, A. TAYLOR said he knew of no such offer,
though he had heard an intimation that it was wished to
have it as a now jail for Westminster. He had objected to
the Penitentiary, as being unwholesome, and he would not
consent to any further cost,
Mr, HORHOUSE agreed with the Noble Lord (Low-
ther) that the Penitentiary was a most useless charge.
There was no instance whatever in which any building
cost so much, and was of so little utility. It was, in fact,
prejudicial to the very objects it was meant to promote.
The best thing they could do would be to accept the offer
of the Magistrates, and thus put an end to the expences of
that establishment.

Mr. BYNQ said that no offer whatever had been made.
P. WM. PEEL said that all the information required
was already in print before the House.

Mr. PORTMAN suggested to the Hon. Member for
Sussex the propriety of withdrawing his motion for the
present, and of giving notice of it for another night, and
in the interim he might ascertain the extent of the in-
torno tion before the ROW.
Mr. Secretary PEEL thought the Hon. Member for
Sussex, had better withdraw his motion for the present, as
*hereby he would enable himself to be better prepared as to
the returns which were actually necessary to he produced.
He believed the greater part, if not the whole of the in.
formation sought by the Hon. Member was already before
the House.
After a few words from Mr. CURTEIS, the motion was
withdrawn.

Mr. FYLER presented a petition from the Operative
Woollen and Silk Weavers of Newehnrch and Rochdale, in
Lancashire, complaining of distres, and praying for a fee
Importation of Corn.

Mr IL DRUMMOND brought up the Report of the
Select Committee on the Alehouse Licenc:ug Bill, which
was ordered to be taken into consideration this day se'u,
eight.

111 r. MUNDvY presented three petisions front Derby-
shire, Agalost the Small Notes Bill.
Mr. W. SMITH presented a petion from the Inhabitants
Digs, in Norfolk. against the continuance of slavery in the
West Indies.

Mr. IfITAIE presented a petition, signed by 960 of the
friendly society of Carpenters, held at the hole-in-the-
Wall, Fleet-street, praying fur the free importation of
Corn, and that the corn resolutions should not be suffered

to pass into a law without having previously examined
witnesses at the bar in support of the prayer of the petition.
Mr, M, A. TAYLOR prefented a petition from the in •
110444 e of the City of Durham, praying for the abolition
of §l;very in -the West Indies.
Mr. PENDAIIVES presented four similar petitions
from Cornwall, stating that the petitioners were willing to
contrilmte their proportion of any sum of money which
might be awarded to the Planters as indemnification.

Mr, W. PEEL moved far a return of the 19th Report
of the Commissioners of Charities.

Mr. PEEL brought up copies of the correspondence be-
tween the United States and this country, relative to the
West India Islands, and a return of the prisoners committed
during 4 specified period to Leicester gaol.
Mr. HEATIICOTE presented two petitions from land-
owners and wool-growers of Carnarvon, praying fur a
duty on foreign wool.

The ATTORNEY-GENERAL gave notioe that he
should, on the 12,th of June, bring in a Bill to prevent the
undue assumption of the title of Baronet in Ireland.
Mr. DUNCOSIBE presented a petition from Yorkshire
against the importation of Foreign Wool.
Sir J. NEWPORT presented a petition from the
Chamber of Commerce, of Waterford, praying for tde ad-
mission of foreign flour into Ireland.

Sir J. GRAHAM presented a petition signed by the
Merchants, Bankers, Tradesmen, the Sheriff of Cumber-
land, and 800 others, assembled at a public meeting in
Carlisle, against the Shall Notes Bill, aad praying that the
Small Note circulation should not prohibited in England,
whilst it was prohibited in Scotland.
Mr. SLANEY presented a petition from Sheffield
against the Malt Act of last Session. The lion, Member
inquired whether there was any intention to alter the law.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said he
could not promise that any change should be made with
respect to taking the duty on the Malt
Mr, WOOD said the present system operated unequally,
add that what the Maltsters wished was, that the duty
§lionld be taken before the malt was sprinkled.
The petition was then ordered to be printed.
A petition from Cirencester against the Bill limiting
the circulation of small notes.

Mr. SPRING RICE brought in a Bill to render pro:
missory not payable in the places in which they were
Orawn.7-Real brqt tine, and ordered to be read a se-
cond time on Friday next.

ADJOURNMENT OF THE HOUSE.
l\ r. Sectetary PEEL moved that the House, at
it 4; tising, should adjoirn to 'Friday next. in doing
this he observed that the state of the public business
would not allow of a long ajournment of the House, but
as Thursday next was a day on which the House could
scarcely sit, and Wednesday was a day on which there was
14tle hi;sir.;,ss he propoSed to adjo-;ria to Friday next,
Mr. HPAIE told: this opportunity to ask the Chancellor
of the Exchequer whether he would postpone the Miscel-
ltneous Estimates, until Monday next.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, he
was desirous not to take the House ; but there
were, triry of bliKellatieous Estimates which would
not 'call' any opposition, and he thought those might
he passed. • •

Mr. HUME said, the first items relate to the Diplo-
matic Estimate, and Tfould excite a long discussion.
'the cHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER °geed to
postpone the Estimates. •

The Pension Avt was then read a third time and
parsed.
The other orders of the day were then gone through, and
the Ifotre soon after adjourned to. Friday next.

His Excellency the Lone LIEUTENANT has
peen pleased to appoint the Right Hon. the Earl of ER am. and
Major CHARLES PRATT, of Stoneville, county of Dnblin,
to be Commisqloners for the Royal Hai hour of GEURCE the
F9URTII.--Dublin Evening Mail.
