rottIGN INTELLIGENCE.

,-* FRENCH PAPERS.
(From the Monaeur of Aug. 25; )
(PRIVATE CV.R,R§Pdi'MENeE.)
" AUDI:OI4 Abu. 166-;.--the state of Catalonia be-
comes every day more alarming. The insurrection
ktends in the districts of Gironna, Vich, Olot,
Manresa, and part of that of Urge]. When the
rebels enter a village or town, some of the Royalist
iVolunteers join them, and they Carry off the arms of
those who refuse to become their auxiliaries.
Though at present they atit only in small detach-
ments) a kind of connexion is observed in their
operations. The Jep dell Elangs, otherwise Lieu-
tenant-Colonel Bosom, calls himself Commandant-
General .of theons. Royalist divisions. Ile has appointed
one Gonzales intendant of his troops; he creates
colonels hnd other officers; and it is said that he has
himself taken the insignia of Captain-General.,. The
;insurgents have shown,much resolution in one of the
:actions that have taken place. In one of their ex-
peditions they made prisoner a post-master, whom
'they et first thought of retaining as a hostage, but
they afterwards released him in consideration of his
great, age. It is reported that the Viscountess de
Reiset, returning to France with an escort of 16
gendarmes, met one of these bands, Which suffered
her to pass unmolested.
" The Government has ordered the Captain-Ge-
neral of the Balearic Islands to send to Catalonia a
battalion which is in garrison in Majorca. Some
troops have also marched from Granada, but it is
thought they will stop at Valencia.
" The Colombian privateers have made some
more prizes.
A singular scene occurred three days ago. The
widows of officers and others had been summoned

o the Treasury to receive a part of the arrears of

their pensions. Just as the money was going to be
paid to them, the treasurer received a Royal order,
:enjoining him to deliver, to the bearer all the funds
that he might have in his hands. He was therefore
;obliged, to dismiss the unfortunate women; and his
.explanations and promises could not check the tu-
multuous expression of the most violent discontent.
" AUGUST 18.—The Gazette of to-day, publishes

,the Royal Decree addressed to the Minisier-of Grace
`and Justice, which suppresses the office of Superin:
tendant of the Police. The decree states, that the
,police being the most expensive of all the branches
of the administration, his Majesty thinks fit to incor-
porate it with the department.of Grace and Justice.
A second decree of the 14th, published in the Ga-
zette, regulates the new form of the police.
" The progreis of the insurrection in Catalonia
has at length induced the government to adopt more
vigorous measures. Orders have been given to as-
semble an army of 8,000 men in that province, con-
sisting of militia and troops of the line; in conse-
quence,' all the regiments that can be spared have
been drawn from the different garrisons and sent to
that province. The greatest difficulty is to find
funds to meet the expences of this armament. It is
resolved that the army on the Tagus shall 'remain
entire, in the positions which it now occupies.
" LISBON, AUG. B.—Austria having formally ex-
pressed to our Government the intention to place
Don Miguel at the head of the Regency, the Mini-
sters and Functionaries tnet several times to consi-
der what it would be proper to do. We learn to-
day that the project of the Cabinet of Vienna has
received' their
.approbation. It has been decided
that that Prince should have the right to claim the
reins of Government when he has attained his 25th

(The Gazette de France, dated Sunday, Aug. 26,
repeats the above article from the Moniteur, but has
otherwise no news.)
(From the Journal des DeLats.)

" PARIS, AUG. 24.—The ci-devant King of Swe-
den, Colonel Gustayson, who has declared that he
does not wish to live except under the dominion of
the Sultan of Constantinople, has at length received
his passports for Turkey, both from Austria and the
Porte. He has not, however, yet quitted his resi-
dence, where he lives in a state of extreme seclusion,
because he wishes to travel by the way of Vienna.
and Semlin, while his Austrian passport prescribes
the route of Trieste.

(From the Con,iittit;wmrl).

" VIENNA, AUG. 11.—The last letters from Con-
stantinople, dated July 26, bring no intelligence
of importance. The organization and instruction
of new troops continues uninterruptedly. The gun-
boats belonging to the arsenal manceuvre three times a
week before the summer residence of the Sultan, and
a complete reform of the artillery corps is said to be in
contemplation. A part of this corps is already put
in a new uniform, the principal ornament of which
is a cap of the shape of a melon. Of the barracks
which were ordered to be built last year, two are
finished, the great barrack of Saud-pacha, and the
little one for cavalry on the heights of Dolmagdshe.
The building of those at Ramis-pacha, Scutari, and
Itchengelkoj, is going on with great activity. A
new barrack is also being erected in the interior of
the Seraglio. It is destined for Bostangis, and is to
be finished before the Sultan returns to his winter
quarters.

BARCELONA, AUGUST 17.—(Private Correspon-
dence.)—A detachment of cavalry, consisting of 20
men, commanded by a Captain, who were going to
Vich with a detachment of foot, were attacked by
the band of Caragol on the Congost, on the road to
Vich. The Captain and one foot soldier were killed,
two others were wounded, and a drummer was taken
prisoner by the rebels. In consequence of losing
their commander, the detachment was forced to re-
trograde, and has arrived at St. Andre de Palomar,
where one of the two wounded men is dead.

Of the 400 men of the 9th regiment of the line,
which landed at Mataso on the 10th inst. from Ma-
jorca, a great number have already deserted.
A band of 400 men is now at Ripol, and arms of
every species are repairing and making in great haste.
Caragol was yesterday, with a very considerable
►orce, in the neighbourhood of Tarrasa and Sabadell.
It is apprehended, that he will pillage the manufac-
tories of these two towns.

The day before yesterday, Jep dels Estangs was
at Capdevanot with 300 men. Villela is still at
Olot. Ballaster is in the neighbourhood of Blanes.
At Moya and Castelbersol persons suspected of li-
beral opinions have had their houses pillaged. At
Abisbal persecutions have been renewed. It is,
however, worth knowing, that the rebels cannot
want money for their expellees, even if they do not
have recourse to pillage.

Very few carriages, couriers, or coaches, have as
yet been robbed by the rebels, the chiefs of which,
however, have had the audacity to write to the
magistrates, to inform them that individuals may
travel alone, without the chance of being molested.
Don Joseph Voltas, Commandant of the first
battalion of the 3d Regiment of Light Infantry,who
met on the 27th of last month with the band of
Don Narciso Abnes, surnamed Pixola, at Eiparra,
seeing that lie had nothing to gain, and much to
lose, in opposing the rebels, asked that they would
appoint him to instruct the recruits.

General Manso, under the pretext of rendering a
verbal account to the Captain-General of the events
which have lately taken place on the side of Man-
resa, has arrived at Barcelona. General Curatela
has requested permission to return to the same
place. General Romagoso is about to return to
Mataroso, and it appears that he has no great desire
for another campaign against the rebels ; all the of-
ficers, in fact, seem to have come to an agreement
amongst themselves to escape from answering the
Government's call ; they arc all afraid of compro-
mising their interest or their persons. The number
families who are quitting the small villages appears
incredible; all go to Figueras, Gironne, and Barce-
lona; so that all those, whether Nimes or ncgros,
who have any thing to lose in the confusion, seek a
place of refuge in order to escape from vexations.—
In consequence of this proceeding, the population of
Barcelona has increased very much. It is now more
than 160,000, among which number 30,000 are re-
i,fugees. The rent of houses has risen a full third.

*On
r:isftwXA • •
k/ ,

LONDON,
TUESDAY EVENING, AUGUST 2S, 1827.

Mr. HusKissoN arrived at his house, in

Somerset-place, this afternoon, at half-past one

o'clock, soon after which, he was visited by the
Right Honourable CHARLES GRANT and Mr.

BACKHOUSE. It is expected that a Cabinet

Council will be held to-morrow.

We received last night the Paris Papers of
Saturday, and the Gazette de France dated
Sunday morning. The latter copies from the
Moniteur two articles of considerable interest.
The first a private letter from Madrid, dated the
13th Augtr.it, which deseribcs the state of Cata-
lonia as most alarming to the Government of
FERDINAND ; the insurrection every day ex-
tends itself, and the proceedings of the rebels are
assuming a degree of system which shows how
widely and deeply the infection has spread. A
self constituted Captain-General has assumed
the command of the insurgents, and confers ap-
pointments and honours. Troops from the
Balearic Islands, and others from the interior,
have been ordered to Catatonia, but it is ques-
tionable, whether the want of funds to equip and
pay the ❑ecessary expellees of those troops will
not prevent their march into that province. In
the mean tune the army of Observation on the
Tagus is to remain in fa force.

The other article from the Moulteur is one
of old date, but contains information of the
highest importance, if it be authentic. It is
dated Lisbon, the Bth instant, and states dis-
tinctly that Austria having formally expressed to
the Portuguese Government her intention to
place DON MIGUEL at the head of the Regency,
the Ministers and Functionaries, after several
deliberations, have approved the project of the
Court of Vienna, and decided that the Prince
should have a right to claim the reins of Govern-
ment when he has attained his 25th year.
This is what we have always expected, and if
the fact should turn out to be as stated the fate
of Portugal is sealed ; • the opportunity which
her people have possessed of emancipating them-
selves from foreign influence, and the slavery of
the ancient system, is lost perhaps for ever.
Great Britain, however, will have the gratifica-
tion of reflecting that she held out her arm to
offer her ally the means of obtaining a rational
Government, and if the nation has not obtained
such a Government it is evident that they are
not fit for, and not deserving of, freedom.
The French Funds have slightly declined,
having left off on Saturday—the 5 per Cents.
at 103 f. 80e., and the 3 per Cents. at 72f. 65c.
Extracts of the Papers are given in another
column.

The Countess of Chichester and Kingfisher
packets have arrived, with South American mails.
The former sailed from Rio de Janeiro on the
6th of July, from Bahia on the 14th, and from
Pernambuco on the 20th. The latter sailed from
Buenos Ayres on the 14th of June, from Monte
Video on the 17th of that month, and from Rio
de Janeiro on the 29th. By this opportunity
we have received the Mario Fluminensc, to 6th
July, from which the following extracts are
taken. The papers do not make any mention
of the war with Buenos Ayres, nor of any further
steps being taken with respect to the long talked
of visit of the Emperor Don PEDRO to Portugal.
MONTE VIDEO, JUNE

We learn from Maldonado that our troops, who have
their head-quarters at Ponte de l'Est well fortified, go in
and out of the town at pleasure, without finding any one
to oppose them ; that they have abundance of cattle ; that
among those who have come over to us are two officers; that
our guerillas have been as far as the Poro de St. Carlos,
and taken prisoner a Lieut. -Colonel, of 1314n0s Ayres,
named Escobar.

The discontent of the Orientals increases, especially
since they hare heard that Admiral Brown has quitted the
navy of that republic; and for this reason some English-
men, knowing the instability of• that government, have
come over to our squadron with a lugger, with two 24-
pounders, and one 12-pounder, and a crew of 24 men,
with the commander, who was a Lieutetaut. The Rape-
.

dal Admiral ordered the whole to be valued and the
amount to be paid to the persons _who brought it. Those
people say that the government owed six months pay.

RIO DE JANEIRO, JULY 2.

A gun-boat of Buenos Ayres, ordered to the Rio Salado,
has delivered itself up to us. It had one gun (a twenty-
four pounder) and a crew of 25 Englishmen, including the
Commander. They say that Brown had really asked for
his discharge, but the result was not known; he did not
leave his house, and was ill. •

By private accounts received from South Ame-
!rice, by the packets, we learn that the war still
continued between the two Governments ; at
Buenos Ayres they were unacquainted with the
return of M. GA RCIA to the River Plate ; and,
at Rio de Janeiro, they were in anxious expecta-
tion of learning the result of his mission, as he
landed at Monte Video on the 18th June, and
hopes were entertained that peace would be the
ultimate result of the negotiation then pending ;
in the mean time the trade of the Brazilian Empire
was suffering severely from the activity of the nu-
merous Buenos Ayres' cruizers, who were reaping
a rich harvest from the small coasting vessels. Trade
at Rio de Janeiro, remained in a very dull state,
although some of the Spaniards had reached
that place from Monte Video to purchase goods ;
:and, until something decisive was known, little
.or no business could be expected. The ex-
change was a trifle higher on England, viz.
38d. to 38id. per milrea. In the Northern
Provinces they were in anxious expectation
of learning some information on the subject
of peace. The exchange at PernaMbucowas 49d.
to -50 d. per milrea. Admiral BROWN sailed
from Buenos Ayres down the river with the
fleet, consisting of eleven vessels, chiefly small,
on the evening of the 9th June, supposed to
be with the intention of meeting with and pro-
tecting the vessels some time since captured from
the Brazilians, which will, if they contrive to get
them in safely, be a considerable strength to
their present force, and were daily expected to
arrive in the river Plate. The two packets,
the Sheldrake, from Buenos Ayres, the other
the Marchioness of Salisbury, had not arrived ;
the former sailed from Rio Janeiro on the 28th
June, the Marchioness of Salisbury had
arrived from Rio on the 9th at Bahia,
and sailed from the latter port for Per-
nambuco and Falmouth ; consequently, they may •
be expected every hour. The privateers of
Buenos Ayres captured in June two British
vessels, bound from London to Rio de Janeiro.
The name of one is then Miskisson, the other
the Commerce. It is.supposed these two vessels
were loaded with arms and the munitions of war,
which led to the capture.
The private letters which we have seen, do not.
throw any light on the departure of DON PEDRO
for Lisbon, or, in fact, mention the probability
of this event taking place at all.

Since writing the above, our City Cor-
respondent acquaints us, it is reported that
other private letters mention that the Peace
between the two countries has been ratified ; and
it is said that Don PEDRO is to marry a Bava-
rian Princess.

The_ following is an extract of a letter received
at the North and South American Coffee-house,
from Buenos Ayres, dated June 12 :

" I have little to communicate in addition to my letter per
the She/drake. Vessels continue to arrive here. Brown,
in his schooners of war, during the calm weather, which
prevailed last week, made many efforts to bring the block-
ading squadron again to action, but they always avoided
him. We have not seen or heard of his little squadron
since Saturday evening, the 9th of June, at which time
with seven echoonere and one small brig, he was steering
in the direction of the Brazilians, some of his schooners
using- sweeps. A smart cannonade was heard that night,
and the morning of the 11th. On the 11th the blockading
squadron was seen about 15 miles from the town at anchor;
consisting of the Carioca, 32 guns, Liberal, 22, brigs
Peraja, 18 guns, and the Twenty-ninth of August,
IS, with three large schooners. It is supposed Brown
has anchored near Ensinada, or gone to the Salado to
wait for the squadron from Patagonia, now hourly ex-
pected. That squadron consists of corvettes; Chaca-
buco, 24 guns, Stepania (lately captured from the Bra-
zilians), 22 guns, schooner brig Escudcro, 7 guns, and
schooner Constantia, 7 guns. The absence of Brown
renders us extremely anxious ; his little fleet in deep wa-
ter, and any thing of a breeze, might be literally run down
by the Brazilian large vessels.
" We are in expectation of various merchant vessels
(Americans) front Rio Janeiro, Rloate Video, and other
places. These Yankees (in enterprise) beat poor John
Bull out of the field ; and I can 4ssnre you the natives
pass not a few comments upon it. In spite of the price of
gold and risk of exchange, the cargoes brought here have
yielded a great profit, and considerable sums in dutiee to
Government. The vessels are instantly purchased for
privateers.
Capel-court is not more prolific of on dits, had and
good, than is Buenos Ayres at the present moment, each
party having some particular purpose to forward. I sub-
join a list of arrivals and sailings at this port from April
22 to June 12

Aram 30.—Arrived the National schooner General
.11fancilla, Brill, from a cruize.
Mar 9.—Arrived the schooner privateer Sin Par,
Tedblom, from a cruize, having made eight prizes, three
of which were burned, and five arrived at the Salado.

MAT 11.—Arrived the American brig Sylph, fromltio•
MAT 20.—Arrived the British packet ShelaTraAe,.frorn
Falmouth and Rio Janeiro.

May 24.—Arrived the schooner Tandem, Adams,
'from Monte Video.
MAY 25.—Arrived the brig Sicily, from Monte Video..
MAY 27.—Arrived the British packet, Kingfisher,
Poore, frein Falmouth, Rio Janeiro, and Monte Video.
JUNE 7.—Arrived the British detained brig Florida, and
her prize schooner of war Esperanga, frona- Eusinada. The
Florida was taken possession of by Capt. Fournier, an officer
in the Buenos Ayrean service, near Cape St. Mary's, on the
31st March, under pretext that she had been found fishing
upon the prohibited waters of the Castillos. Captain
Fournier armed her, took command, went on a cruize,
and captured 13 vessels from the Brazilians. He had
named the detained brig Revenge.
9th.—Arrived the brig St. Thomas, Saville, from
Monte Video ; the privateer schooner Vengadora, Argen-
tina, Caya, from a cruize off the Brazil Coast, in which she
captured 13 vessels of all classes; six of them were sunk,
and seven sent to different ports.
Sailed on the 7th June the British packet Sheldrake,
Ede, for Monte Video, Rio Janeiro, and Falmouth.

RIO DE JANEIRO, JUNE 27.

The Admiral has despatched the Thetis frigate after the
Huskisson, one of the captured vessels, to re-capture
her, under the impression of the privateer having com-
mitted piracy, by breaking bulk, previous to her
condemnation. The Commerce, captured, is stated to be
from Liverpool, and not from London, bound to Rio
Janeiro and the Pacific—the vessel of that name, from
London, having arrived and landed her cargo.

It is currently reported in the City, that the Treaty of

Peace between Brazil and Buenos Ayres has already
arrived at Rio de Janeiro ratified, the same having been con-
veyed by a French vessel of xvar which had arrived in 11 days
from Rio Plata—it is also stated, that the town of Monte
Video, the great bone of contention between the two
parties, had been ceded to Brazil by the Buenos-Ayrians.
The French vessel has, by other accounts, only brought
the intelligence of M. Garcia's arrival at Monte Video on
the 18th June, in his Majesty's ship Heron; and that
time had nest-elapsed sufficient to have any answer.

We have received this forenoon the Austrian
,Observer of the 16th inst. It contains no poli-
tical news. The intelligence of the death of
Mr. CANNING reached Berlin on the 14th, and
Vienna by Telegraph on the 15th. It
was immediately afterwards ascertained that
the, principles of Mr. CANNING'S' Govern-
ment were' to be adhered to by his suc-
cessor, and in consequence the public securities
were but slightly. effected. Thus, it is evident
that the public credit of other countries, as well
as of our own, is considered to be most secure
under the liberal system of which Mr. CANNING
was the enlightened advocate.
•

VIENNA, AUG. 15.
We have received by express the following important
news from Paris, dated Aug. 9 :
The telegraph has just brought the official news of the
death of Mr., Canning yesterday morning, at half-past
three o'clock.

ST. PETERSBURGH, AUG. Fl.

On the Bth his Majesty, accompanied by Gen. Diehitsch,
left Zarskojiselo for some days, to inspect the military colo-
nies in the Government of Novogorod.
The Chevalier Gamba, author of the interesting Travels
in the Provinces beyond Mount Caucasus, has returned to
Tiflis, to resume his functions as French Consul.

BERLIN, AVG. 18.

The first news of the death of Mr. Canning Wail re-
ceived here at the Foreign Office, at 10 o'clock in the even-
ing of the 14th. Baron Von Werther, our Ambassador at
Paris, sent it by a Russian courier to Frankfort, to the
Post Master General, M. Von Nagler, who immediately
dispatched two expresses, one to the King, at Toplits, the
other to Berlin.

As.early as 10 o'clock in the morning on the 15th, our
merchants bad accounts from London of the 1 1 th, any
.nouncing that the Canning administration would continue
under Lord Goderich, for which season our exchange was
but very slightly affected.

COPENHAGEN, AUG. 18.

By a ship from Iceland, we learn that the greater part
of the island, especially the north and east coasts, bad been
Surrounded fast spring, by an unusual quantity of Greenland
floating ice, which produced very stormy, cold, and dry
weather, by which all vegetation was checked. The
fishery, however, has been very productive, especially in
the south. Many persona, especially children, had beep
carried off by a contagious fever. On the 13th of January
there was an etuption Of a volcano, in the Skeidaraac
Jockel, in the district of Ost•Skaptefjeld.

STOCRHOLAI, AUG. rt.

An English geologist, of the name of Blad, who lately
arrived in Sweden, states that according to the examination
that has been made, the coal mincs at lloganas are so
abundant that they would supply Sweden with that article
for several centuries.

COPENHAGEN, AUG. 21.

Three Russian brigs of war coming from the South
anchored here on Saturday, and on Sunday another from
the North.

ASTRACHAN, JUNE 30.

Our merchantmen are fully employed, not indeed in
trade, but in consequence of the war with Persia, being
engaged, with the ships of tha Crown, in conveying pro-
visions, &c. for the use of our troops.

THE FUNDS-(THIS DAY).

CITY, TwEirE 0' CLOCK.

This morning and last evening the British Funds
showed considerable elasticity, and there was every
appearance of an increase, not only in the quantity
of business but also in the price; the Brokers, hoiff-
ever, seem chiefly employed in making up their ac-
counts for to-morrow, and are rather fearful of
entering into fresh transactions till the account day
is over. Consols opened this morning at 87-k
having been done in the alley, after hours of business
yesterday, at 87k, buyers ; for a short time the
former price was supported, but the market has
eventually given way and they have receded
to 86i 7 for money and to-morrow, and 87A-
for October. There is little variation in Ex-
chequer Bills, which' continue at 57 8, and India
Bonds 87 9 pm. In the Foreign Securities little
business has hitherto been effected, nor have the
prices of yesterday much varied from those of to-day ;
Brazilian arc a little higher, 66 7. The intelligence
from this quarter is without that interest which
was fully expected might have come to hand ;
indeed, it is considered, that from the time of
sailing from Rio, M. Garcia could not have ar-
rived, or scarcely so, in the River Plate. One
account says, he had actually reached Monte Video,
on the 18th June, consequently no reply could
be received in answer. Matters therefore continued
much in their former state ; the two powers mu-
tually weakening each other, and carrying on a
destructive war against the mercantile shipping of
the Brazilians. No intelligence has arrived of the
movements in the Rio Grande between these hos-
tile parties, nor is any mention made in the private
lettels of the reported departure from Rio de Janeiro
of the Emperor Don Pedro for Lisbon. Mexican
Bonds are 67k 68 ; Colombian 301 4.
Shares are in the same torpid state. Real del
Monte are quoted a little better, but we have not
heard that any actual sales have been made. The
public have got such a distaste for these speculations
at to deter them from vesting any property in them.
Three per Cent. Consols, 86i 7 ; for October, 871 1;
India Bonds, 87 9 pm.; Exchequer Bills, 57 8 pm.
Foartow.--Brazilian, 66 7; Buenos Ayres, 63 4;
Chilian, 27 9 ; Colombian, 1824, 301 4 ; Danish, 621 3 ;
Greek, 15i 16 ; Mexican 5 per Cent., 541 51 ; Ditto
6 per Cent., 67i 8 ; Peruvian, 244 si; Portuguese, 76
6 ; Russian, 961 4; Spanish, 10 1.
Minas.—Anglo Mexican, 674 5 di!.; Brazilian, 13
pm. ; Colombian, 8 9 per share; Real del Monte, 80 15
dis. ; United Mexican, 22 I die.

Two o' aver.
Consols 86 7 for to-morrow, considerable anxiety
is felt by the dealers how the account will close.
Mexican Bonds 6711; Brazil Mines from 13 14
premium, have gone down to 6i 7 premium.

THREE 0' CL 0 CK.
Consols, 86k, looking heavy.
FOUR O'CLOCK—CLOSING PRICES.
Consols 87 Danish Bonds 621
Do. for Ac. 87 Greek Do. 1825,
Brazilian Bonds 67 Mexican Do. 1825 674
Buenos Ayres Do. 61 Peruvian Do.
Chilian Do. Russian Do. 961
Columbian, 1824, 304 Spanish, Do.

The ruffians who attacked the military at Tip-
perary on the 12th tilt. were tried at Clonmell on Thurs-
day last. The pretence of the riot was, that in the course
of the morning of that evening in which it occurreil, the
petals of a dismembered Orange lily had been thrown out
of the barrack window.

Au edifice, on a grand scale, is about to be
erected in Liverpool, which is intended to compriEe a
custom-house, excise, post, and stamp-offices,. together
with a dock-office. In six years the building is to be
finished, at a cost of 175,0001. of which Government has
agreed to furnish 150,0001. There is probably no town
in the empire where business is more prosperous than that
of the town of Liverpool, which, as an emporium of
commerce, is the second place in the kingdom.

,SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY•)

FROM LLOYD'S

DEAL, AUG. 27.-."Wi►►d E.N.E.—Remain, hia
Majesty's ship Clarence. 5 p.m. the Dorothy
Foster, Honey, from Jamaica, has just arrived.
PORTSMOUTH, AUG. 26.—Wind N.—Arrived the'
Lively, Fall, from Riga.

DOVER, AUG. 27.—Wind N.E.—Arrived the
Britannia, Bushell, from Boulogne.

FALMOUTH, AUG. 26.—Wind N.E.—.—Arrived the
Kingfisher packet, from Buenos Ayres, sailed 14th
June, from Monte Video; and 17th from Rio
Janeiro; and Countess of Chichester packet, from
Brazil, sailed 7th July, and from Pernambuco, 21st.
The Gleaner, Memson, from Liverpool to New
York, was on shore and bilged, near Beaumaris, oti
Saturday.
