FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.
(From the Af.•ssager des Chambres of Sund3y.)

PARIS, MARCH 21.—(Extracts from the German
Papers.)—Letters from the frontiers of Moldavia
say that General Count Diebitsch, immediately
upon his arrival from St. Petersburgh at Jassy, sent
orders to the Commanders of all the corps of the
Russian army on the left bank of the Danube to
concentrate their troops as speedily as possible, in
order to be able to commence hostilities at the
shortest notice. This time, say the letters from
Jassy, the Turks will be attacked with more vigour;
and it is said that the campaign will not be con-
cluded .without the Sultan's being obliged to make
peace. The left bank of the Danube is cleared at
almost every point from the Turks. The fort of
Ghiurgevo, opposite Rudschuk, the only place
which they still hold, will be shortly attacked, and
a bridge of boats will be made at a small distance
from it, for the passage of the troops which are to
invest Rudschuk.

In Bulgaria the young grass, which furnishes the
best forage for the cavalry, promises to the division
of General Roth a crop more abundant than that of
last summer. The season never promised to be
more favourable for carrying on war ; and the ope-
rations may commence in Bulgaria and Servia at the
very beginning of the spring.
There has been, not far from Pravadi, an action
between the Russian and Turkish advanced posts,
in which the latter received a considerable check
from the corps of General Wittgenstein, who is suc-
ceeded in the command by Count Diebitsch. Ge-
nerals Kisilow and Von Berg are also removed to
another destination, if they have not been deprived
of their command. A great number of German
Officers who compose part of the staff of General
Diebitsch, are to command under his orders in the
next campaign.

Universal regret is felt at the departure of the
excellent Count Pahlen, who, as Civil Governor of
the two Principalities, in the most difficult times,
had reconciled the duties of his office and those of
justice, as much as possible. His successor, Count
Zoltuschin, has thought it necessary to begin his
career as President of the Divans of the Principali-
ties, by severe measures, imprisonments, depriva-
tions, &c., that of the Metropolitan Gregory, who
was appointed by the late Hospodar, Prince Ghika,
has made an unfavourable impression; he is said to
have been implicated in a correspondence with a
Turkish Governor, and is to be conveyed to
Mohileid.

The materials for the bridge which is to be built to
cross the Danube at Hirsowa, are to be brought from
the very distant mountains of Moldavia.
(From the Gazette de France, dated Monday, March 23.)

TOULON, MARCH 16.—We know nothing here
but the affairs of Greece. Perhaps you are not
aware that most of the Greek slaves, whom a silly
philanthropy thought to redeem in Egypt by carry-
ing thither 600,000 francs, have returned to the
Morea against their will, and took the advantage of
the first vessel they could meet with to go to Alex-
andria, and return to their old masters.
(From the Constitutionnel of Sunday.)

Ro3ls, 10TH MARCH ( Private Letter.)—As dur-
ing the Papal interregnum the supreme puwer be-
longing to the Conclave is exercised in turn by
three Cardinals of each of the three orders, renewed
every twenty-four hours, and that the Ambassadors
of the Powers may have occasion to communicate
with the Government their communications through
a narrow shutter, in presence of witnesses, never-
theless, the presentation of their new letters of
credit is made with great pomp. This ceremony
began yesterday; and M. Chateaubriand was pre-
sented this morning. Already there is much con-
versation about the Noble Peer, and the splendid
harangue lie pronounced on that occasion. He is
unfortunately, the only Ambassador of a great
Power who is thus to contend against the efforts
of the Jesuitical faction. I have been able to pro-
cure a copy of that speech. After expressing the sor-
row of his Royal Master for the loss of Christianity in
his late Holiness, he proceeded—" Future successor
of Leo XII., whoever you are, you hear me no
doubt at this moment: Pontiff at once present
and unknown, you are about soon to sit in the
chair of St. Peter, a few paces from the capital, on
the tombs of those Romans of the Republic and the
Empire who passed from the idolatry of the virtues
to that of the vices. What words could use and
the dignity of the subject could pierce that mass of
years which have stifled so many voices more
powerful than my own ? You, illustrious Senate of
Christianity, to support the weight of such innume-
rable violations, have you not occasion to support
yourselves on the Altar of the Sanctuary, as I am
on the throne of St. Louis ?

" God forbid that I should make you hear the
language of a narrow policy. Sacred things require
to be viewed in a more generous and worthy man-
ner. At the moment I am no speaking, the hu-
man race has arrived at one of the epochs charac-
teristic of its existence. It vain has impiety pre-
tended that Christianity favoured oppression, and
made time retrograde ; at the publication of the new
part, sealed with the blood of the just, slavery
ceased to be the common right of nations. Wherever
Christianity has been extinguished, servitude and
ignorance have re-appeared. After passing through
the ages of darkness and violence, Christianity be-
comes, among modern nations, the perfection itself
of society.

" You will choose to exercise the power of the
Keys—a man of God, you will comprehend his high
mission. A conclave is not only the Council of a
private state, but that of a nation composed of na-
tions the most different, and spread over the sur-
face of the globe. You are the august representa-
tives of the immense Christian family, for the mo-
ment without a parent. Men who know not your
names, who speak not your language, who live far
distant from you, beneath another sun, at the extre-
mities of the earth, will submit to your decisions,
which nothing apparently obliges them to follow—
will obey your law, which no material force imposes
—will accept from you a spiritual father with respect
and gratitude.
" Such are the prodigies of religious conviction.
Princes of the Church, it will suffice to let fall your
suffrages on that person among you to give the com-
munion of the faithful a chief, who, powerful in the
doctrine and authority of the past, will no less be
aware of the wants of the present and the future :
a Pontiff of a holy life, mingling sweetness and
charity with sincerity of faith. All crowns form but
one wish, have but one want of moderation and
peace. What ought we not to expect from the
happy harmony ? What ought we not to hope from
your enlightenment and virtues ?

It only remains for me to renew the expression
of the sincere esteem and perfect regard of the So-
vereign, equally pious and magnanimous, whose
emissary I have the honour to be."

The Duke of WELLINGTON was cheered on
his way to the House of Lords on Monday, by a crowd of
persons who were assembled in Parliament-street. The
Noble Duke walked down to the House, accompanied by
Sir CULLEN SMITH and two other gentlemen. On the
Duke being recognized by the snob, there was a general
rush towards him, and he was escorted amidst loud cheers
to Westminster Hall, by which he entered. A large body
of police, under the direction of TowNSHEND, were in
attendance, and with some difficulty prevented the noisy
admirers of the Duke from following -him into West-
minster Hall.—Morning Paper.
The rumours of intended elevations to the
Peerage, although not true to the extent asserted, have,
nevertheless, some foundation is fact. Chief Baron
O'GRADY has been made Lord ROCK BARTON, and may
be hourly expected to take his seat, and give the aid of
his acknowledged abilities to the Catholic cause. The pa-
tent for the Peerage of Mr. JAMES DALY, the Member for
the county of Galway, is also prepared ; but for the present
remains in abeyance, as it is not thought advisable, in the
existing crisis, to disturb the harmony which exists in the
extensive and populous county which he represents. We'
believe Mr. DALY'S title will be Baron DUNZANDLE.—
Morning Chronicle.
