el, and the favourite motto," No surrender," which was drank
with nine time nine.

A number of other toasts, introduced with appropriate re-
marks, were drank in the course of the evening. On the
health of the Right Hon. Chairman being drank, with three
times three,

Sir Ozoion HILL returned thanks in a very able speech.
Towards the dose of it, he recalled to their minds, with much
animation, the achievements of the Derry, men in 1688—
to encourage them to stand together at the present moment.
'He also called their attention to the commencement of the
Roman Catholic Board, in 181411112, 1813, and 1814—their
progress since—the insurrectionary state of mans of the Roman
Catholic districts of Ireland for the last five years—the undis-
guised doctrines and avowed projects and ambition of the
present Popish Parliament, dictating and enforcing their law
of politics, religion, and finance, to what they estimate seven
millions of His Majesty's subjects—and by atrocious menace
endeavouring to reduce the remainder of the population of this
land within the operation of their authority. Against the tre-
mendous events threatened and prophesied, Deny men should
be prepared. lle begged leave, however, to allude to one of
the signs of the times, as affording some prospect that the
threatened danger was not so imminent or near at hand, for it
had been authentically announced that a select band of chosen
heroes, too gallant not to stay, head, and lead, if the field was
to be taken, were about to emigrate on a peaceful mission to
the sister country. They had, however, appealed to, and call-
ed for foreign aid, both in 1814 and 1824. .fhey acknowledged
the sovereignty of a Foreign Power, This of itself sufficiently
warned Derrymen to stand together. He proceeded to expose the
fallacies of the Popish Parliament, their intended mischief, and
unfounded calumnies against the Protestants of Ireland, in a
manner which came home to every understanding, and called
forth repeated acclamations. Other eloquent appeals were
made to the meeting, which we have not room to transcribe.
The utmost unanimity prevailed, and the day passed off with
the most perfect harmony.

MR. CROPPER'S PLAN TOR TIIE AMELIORATION OP

THE CONDITION OF TILE PEOPLE.

On Wednesday last a highly respectably Meeting was held,
at the Royal Exchange, Dublin—the Lord Mayor in the
Chair. The business of the day was commenced by reading
the Resolutions adopted to the last Meeting.
The LORD MAYOR then invited Mr. Cropper to explain
his views to the Meeting, as probably many, who were then
present, had not the advantage of hearing him on the former
occasion.

Mr. CROPPER said, he should not trouble the Meeting
with any allusion to himself, had it not been said that he
had a personal interest in the adoption of the plans he pro-
posed, which was not the case. A few years back, having
realised a property sufficient to satisfy his wishes, he felt it
his duty to retire front business,- to dedicate his time and
whatever talents he possessed, to the advancement of his
fellow.creatures.—(Applause.)—When he first read " Smith's
Virealth of Nations, in which it is shown that slavery has been
always done away by the competition of free labour, he consider-'
ed the advantage likely to flow to the West Indies, by opening
the East India markets, and turned his attention to devise the
means of effecting these objects, and he was convinced, that
the relief of slavery in the Wrest Indies was the only source
of alleviation for the distress' in Ireland. To open the
markets—to give, her a free trade—an unrestricted commerce
with the world, was the only way in which the wants of her'
population could be supplied. Although he had heard much of
the misery of the Irish population, he found these accounts far
surpassed by the wretchedness lie witnessed in the South of
Ireland. Thirty or forty years ago the population in the South
had full employment, in the hand spinning of worsted. The
town of Clonmell alone, as he learned then, was able to afford
employment to 40,000 hands, and so great was the competition
to obtain spinners, that they were often paid in advance. At
present the case was totally altered. The cause was obvious:
it was the vicinity of the machinery of England. When ma.
chinery was introduced, the demand for manual labour de-
clined, while the imputation of Ireland increased ; and from
this cause Ireland was at this day in a worse condition than
any other country in Europe. Agriculture was insufficient to
employ this vast populaton. It could only be done by mann-
factures, and they could only be carried on by machinery. If
machinery were introduced, the next thing would be to pro-
vide a market for the manufacture, and in that, he thought,
there would be little difficulty. Ireland could not adopt the
woollen trade in competition with England ; and the English,
by. the aid of their machinery, were beginning to undersell the
Irish linens. That which held out the reatest prospect
of relief was the cotton manufacture. There were eighty
millions in India, who would gladly take cottons from
Ireland in exchange for their productions. The expellee of
manufacturing cottons in India might be thus stated :-.-If a
native of India, who was engaged in manufacturing calico,were
to turn his labour to the cultivation of sugar to be sent to Ire-
land, be would receive in return five pieces of calico while he
would be making one, provided the duty on East India sugar
were moderated, not to say removed. There was also another
source which could be made to supply a vent for Irish manu-
factures. By their charter, the East India Company are bound
to sell their teas on as low terms as they can be procured on
the Continent, otherwise Government can grant a licence to in-
dividuals to import them. Do the Company adhere to,that sti-
pulation ? They now sell their 'when tea for 2s. 9d. a pound,
which
lctaunr
el: efrpoun cehma spe dl
yi
inn
gN etwh
eYpoerokpfloer
is/ n
urlflatee
thuerne
se t t
agricuo
manifest. lie was told of an arrangement making by Govern-
ment for the emigration of 700 families. Suppose them to go
out of the country, the nation received no further benefit from
their labour; hut, if they were employed at home, they would
support the revenue by the consumption of taxed articles. It
was considered by some that there was sufficient capital in Ire-
land for the establishment of manufactures; but if that were
not the case, capital would flow into it from England, when it
' was seen that it would be secure, and could be profitably em-
ployed. Mr. Cropper concluded by saying, that he had before
fully explained the nature of his plan, and would be happy to
answer any objection that might be made to it. He then sat
down amidst general apt Amuse.
Mr. GUINESS, Mr. JOHN DAVID LATOUCIIE, and several
other Gentlemen, expressed their opinions in favour of making
an effort' to procure employment on an extended scale adequate
to the wants of the increasing populatiOn of the country.
Counsellor Wou LYE said it was too notorious that the enor-
mous pepulation of the south of Ireland, to which he belonged,
were in want of food and raiment, and every other necessary
of life. The only means of remedying this distress was by pro-
curing employment. He was persuaded the Almighty never
created a living being without endowing hint with faculties
for hitt support, if they were directed in a proper course. That
there was no want of industry in the people of Ireland, was well
known. A near friend of his established, in the south of Ire-
land, a manufacture of worsted stockings, for the use of the
American negroes, and for twopence, or even three halfpence
a-clay, thousands of females were anxiously seeking employ-
ment with which they could not be supplied. The grand ob-
ject was to find a demand for the industry of the Irish people,
and that demand would be provided by opening the East India
market. _ _ _ _ _

Several other Gentlemen delivered their opinions; and Re-
solutions were entezed into, expressive of their approbation of
the plan proposed by Mr. Cropper, to whom a vote of thanks
was passed with great applause.

MELACII.OLY A ocIDENT.—The following melancholy
occident occurred here (Dublin) about 12 o'clock on Christmas
day.' The hat of a person passing over Whitworth-bridge,
near the Four Courts, was blown into the River. He offered a
reward to any one that would get it for him, when, two young
men, of the name of Porter and Reilly, the former a shoe-
naker, the latter a quill-dresser, got into a yawl for the pur-
pote of recovering it, which they did, but the boat was drifted
by the force of the tide down the Carlisle-bridge. There they
succeeded in getting the end of the painter, or bow-rope, on
shore, and several persons drew the boat up the River, nearly
to the place from whence she was first taken. Here a young
men of the name of Kearney, a shoemaker, whose father, a
poor.fisherman, owned the boat, induced Reilly to leave her,
and got in -himself with Porter ; Reilly taking his place at
the rope on shore, where, whilst he and others were dragging
the boat, the rope suddenly broke with much force, that the
boat went partly clown by the bow, and precipitated Kearney
into the river, upon which Reilly plunged into the water
to save Kearney, when Porter jumpsd out of the boat,
thinking to take hold of Reilly, thereby to save himself ;
but Reilly, perceiving his own danger, swain to shore, and
was taken up. Meantime. Kearney's father, an aged man,
plunged in to save his son, but his etibrts were ineffectual.—
He became' weak anti exhausted ; still lie would not take
hold of a rope thrown to hint from the quay, until the
people cried out, to deceive him, that his. son was safe.—
He then took hold of the rope, and was dragged to the
Wall. The boat drifted again down the river, to. where the
oyster boats lie at Carlisle-bridge, at which place, about two
o clock, she was stopped ; when it was found that Kearney had
twisted the painter round his wrist and his body thus remained
suspended from the boat which, it known in time, it is thought
he could have been saved. The body was brought to the Dis-
peniary in Fleet-street, where Doctors ill'Carthy and Purcell,
and Surgeons Keane and Thome, exerted themselves to re.
Aitore animation, aided by the scientific skill of Monsieur
Simon, who applied his galvanic apparatus, but the vital spark
was extinct. The body of Porter has not yet been found.—
(Dublin Morning Post.)
