NGE YESTERDAY.

'Leghorn 47
Genoa 06 5
Venice 47
Malta 46
Naples 4O
Palermo per oz. 120
Lisbon
Oporto 47;
Rio .laneiro 184
Bahia 32
Buenos Ayres —
Dublin, 21 days' sight l%
Cork 1 l,<,

BULLION, PER OZ.
X. S. d.
Portugal Gold, coin 0 0 0
'Foreign Gold, in bars 3 17 9
New Doubloons 0 0 0
New Dollars
Silverbars. standard 0 4 10,

HAILS.
Arrtvm.
Due.
0 America Due. Arrived.
0 0 Hamburg
0 Brazil
0 Buenos Ayres 0 0 Jamaica 0
0 Carthagena 0 0 Leeward Islands ... 0
1 Dublin 0 i 0 Lisbon 0
0 Flanders 0 0 Malta ....... ......... .. 0
0 France 0 0 Sweden
Jo Guernse, &Jersey. 0 Waterford

HIGH WATER AT LoNnott BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
Ntorning... 31 minutes after 1.1 Evening.. ;a3 minutes after 1.

DR. R AMADGE will commence his
WINTER COURSES of LECTURES on the
Principles and Practice (of PHYSIC, CHEMISTRY,
and MATERIA MEDICA, on MorinAy, let of October
next. Gentlemen entering as perpetual pupils to the
above Lectures are a'lowed the privilege of attending gra-
tuitously the Infirmary for Asthma, Consumption, and
other diseases of the Chest.
For particulas' rapplyat Dr. Ramadge's residence, 24,
ElY•place.

TO COMMERCIAL GENTLEMEN.
RS. PLUM., widow of the deceased Joseph
Plum, of the Nelson Hotel (successor to the late Mr.
tkarelaY), Adam square, Edinburgh, revectfully acquaints
`.'e Commercial Gentlemen, that she continues to carry on
the above establishment, so successfully conducted by her
co a husband, where she trusts, by strict attention to the
11venience and comfort of those who may favour her with
their Patronage, that she will enjoy a continuance of that
preference so liberally conferred on her late husband.
The Bar is conducted on the same principle as formerly.
The Wines and Spirits, &c. are cf the best quality.
Edinburgh,
June 5, 1832.

tt
4:NA 414'
ktrAtt,:2; g:44,
e

LONDON,
SATURDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER 8, 1832.

We are happy to hear that a brave and dis-
tinguished Officer in the British service has
volunteered in the Portuguese Constitutional
cause, and offered to provide 3,000 men, on
conditions to which it is believed the Marquis of
PALMELLA will agree.

Letters from Brussels, dated Wednesday, state
that the last communications from the Confer-
ence were favourable. They announced that
the Dutch Minister here had expressed, in the
name of the King of HOLLAND, a willingness
to make some important concessions ; and that
the Belgian Minister, M. VAN DE WEYER, ap-
peared also anxious to bring the affair to a con-
clusion on terms which, without compromising
the honour of LEOPOLD or the interests
of Belgium, would be acceptable to the King of
HOLLAND. The statement in a French Paper,
of a private negotiation between LEOPOLD and
the Dutch Sovereign, is, utterly unfounded.
There is not the slightest truth, we understand,
in the report of Prince METTERNICH having
been at Brussels incognito on his way to this
country. At the time when he was said to have
been at Brussels, he must, according to the ac-
counts received at the Foreign-office, have been
14 Vienna.

We understand, from a positive source, that
the French Government regard the infamous
protocol of the Frankfort Diet as a dead letter ;
and a communication from Paris, in a Tory
Morning Paper, confirms the statement, by
.ad-
nutting that resistance is manifesting itself on
many points. Whatever the result may be, how-
ever, the spirit of the deed remains unchanged,
and the world will know what to think of those
crowned ruffians who thought to subjugate hu-
man intellect, as well as human liberty, to their
will.

If the inhabitants of Germany will but take
warning by the calamitous issue of impetuous
attempts at emancipation in other States, and
follow the example of the people of this coun-
try, as exhibited in their steady and bloodless
struggle for Reform, they will ere long be en-
abled to read their rulers a lesson on the folly of
efforts to fetter the human mind, and to bring
mankind in the 19th century to what it was in
the dark ages, when Kings and Emperors go-
verned a blind multitude by the rod of pretended
divine right. As they desire liberty, so will they
avoid impetuosity. It is well to have the roar
of the lion, but it is still better to have the ele-
phant's cautious tread.

What Germany is now, England was a few

years ago. There is not more despotism in the
Emperor of AUSTRIA than there was in GEORGE
the Fourth ; the only difference is that the one
is a despot above his Ministers—the other was
a despot acting with and through, what are called,
the responsible officers of the Crown. Let the
resistance, therefore, be what that of the Re-
formers has been here, and the Germans will be
sure to succeed. Slight concessions might per-
haps protract the day of regeneration, but the
despots of the continent, fortunately for the cause
of freedom, have no idea rf making concessions
at all. If two years ago the Duke of WEL-
LINGTON had sacrificed a few rotten boroughs,
and thrown open the franchise to a few large
towns, Reform, as a broad principle, would have
been thrown back for fifty years ; but the Duke
of WELLINGTON was a disciple of the MET-
TERNICH school, and thought to rule by the
bayonet and the sword, without the slightest
concession to the spirit of the age. The master
is not less rigid than the pupil, and the result
will, we are confident, be in both instances the
same—Reason will triumph, and Germany will
is be free.

An express was received this morning from
Paris, bringing the papers of Thursday, and the
Messager des Chambres, dated Friday. They
are unusually barren of news, and principally
filled with comments on the anal or tempo-
rary settlement of the Belgian question.
The non-reception which the Duke CHARLES
of Brunswick met with from LOUIS-PHILIPPE,
when he solicited an interview at Neuilly, was
the subject of much conversation. The exiled
Prince positively declared that he had nothing
to do with political intrigues, or any intention
of disturbing the tranquillity of Brunswick,
and consequently doubted if, in point of law,
King LOUIS-PHILIPPE had the power of ex-
pelling him from France, without his being first
convicted of some offence, either against the
Government of his MAJESTY, or that of his
brother, the reigning Duke of BRUNSWICK.—
The orders of the Minister are peremptory, and
notice has been given him that he must quit the
territory within a few days for Switzerland, or any
other part he may think proper to select.—
The news from the south of France is
more favourable, tranquillity having been re-
stored at Montpellier and Marseilles. The
Duchess of BERRI, however, keeps her position
in the west, and openly carries on her intrigues
against the Government, which remains most
inactive and culpable in not putting a termina-
tion to these annoyances.
The meeting of the Chambers is decidedly
fixed for the 15th of next month. A list of
new Peers is being made out, and is expected to
appear in the Moniteur a short time previously.
Cabinet Councils take place more frequently
than ever, and several private audiences have
been granted to the Charge des Affaires of
Russia by the KING.

The mission of Lord DURHAM to the Au-
tocrat of RUSSIA, notwithstanding the pretended
friendly reception of the EMPEROR, is expected
at Paris to be far from turning out satisfactory
to the expectations of Earl GREY, as the Head
of the Holy Alliance appears determined to
blot out the very name of Poland from the map
of Europe.
Most important intelligence, it was reported,
had been received by express by the Marquis de
LOULE, now on a special mission from Don
PEDRO, at Paris, from the Marquis de PAL-
MELLA, announcing that the British Govern-
ment has at last agreed to acknowledge Queen
Donna MARIA in her rights as legitimate
Queen of Portugal and the Algarves; and that a
similar recognition on the part of the French
Government may be expected to appear officially
in a few days, thereby setting at rest the question
of right to the Portuguese throne.
Tile latest intelligence received at Paris from
Oporto is up to the night of the 26th ult., at
which time Don PEDRO was strongly fortified
and entrenched in the environs of the city ; the
troops in excellent health and spirits. The army
of the Usurper had not made its appearance
near Oporto.

The following are extracts from German Pa.
pers received this morning:—

VIENNA, AUG 25.—His Imperial Highness, the Arch-
Duke Rainer, Viceroy of Lombardy and Venice, will come
for some time with his family to Vienna, where the Arch-
duke Palatine is also expected. The post from Suabia
brings no good news for the Porte. Great agitation is
said to prevail at Constantinople since the public has be-
come acquainted with the retrograde movements of Hussein
Paella. Fears were entertained fir the safety of the capi-
tal, and the Government is stated to have called in troops
in all haste to maintain tranquillity. It was reported
that Hussein Pacha would be recalled from the army, and
the command give to Redschid Pacha. All these accounts,
however, are founded on commercial letters only. Our
funds are stationary. Men of business are in general of
opinion that peace will be maintained, and this is probably
the reason that nn great fluctuations take place in the
price of stocks. The affairs of Belgium are drawing to-
wards their final conclusion ; the situation of Italy is such
as to allay apprehensions; and the accounts from Germany
are most favourable tor the maintenance of public tran-
quillity.

WuazunaG, Auc. 26.—Our journal communicates the
following rescript of the Minister of the Interior:—
" His Majesty the King (of Bavaria) has received the
address of the Magistrates and Deputies of the Communes
of the city of Wurzburg, in which they express the asto-
nishment of the citizens, and their joy, at the return of his
Majesty and his august family to the circle of the Lower
Maine. His Majesty has always been aware that by far
the greater part of the citizens of Wurzburg still retains
its old faithful attachment. His Majesty heartily thank,
all those well-disposed citizens for this new expression of
their sentiments. His Majesty, however, cannot conceal
his regret at the manifold proofs of bad sentiments and
dtinerous intrigues in Wurzhurg, and must, therefore,
wish that the more the evil-minded endeavour to corrupt
the good spirit of the majority of the inhabitants, and to
sully the ancient and well-earned rettilatioris of the city,
the more effectually and openly the well-disposed may
counteract those endeavours, defend the Constitution
against every attack of the designing, and, at the
same time, manfully aid in unmasking them, and
thereby avert every danger that may threaten order
:Ind tranquillity. The President of the Royal Govern-
went of the Lower Maine wiil make this his Majesty's
answer known to the Magistrates and Deputies of the
Communes.

" By his Mujesty's command,
" Baron V. ZU RHEIN.

Munich, August 8, 1832."
Allgemeine Zeitung, Sept. 1.
CRACOW, AUG. 23.—The Senate has issued the foi
lowing notice :--
" Conformably with a note of the Counsellor of State
Zatzecki, Resident and Consul-General of his Majesty
the Emperor of all the Russias and King of Poland, of the
17th instant, the Senate hereby informs the public, that
agreeably to the will of his Imperial Majesty, his High-
nees F.eld Marshal Prince Nekewitsch, of Warsaw, has

fixed the 19th October this year as the latest date for the
return of the former Polish Officers from Austria."
SWITZERLAND, AUG. 23.—The Government, has or-
dered Father Alexander, on the Wesemlein, near Lucerne,
to quit the canton, on account of a discourse which he
held on the 29th of July, on the false prophets, and this
without calling on hies to show his discourse, or
Riving him an opportunity to defend himself.
Together with M. de Chateaubriand, there were at Lu-
cerne (was it by accident?) the Duke d'Escars, Prince
Laval Montmorency, the Duke of Crillon, &c. It did not
escap? notice, that the French Ambassador paid the first
visit to 11L de Chateaubriand.

Wnitzunito, Auc. 30.—The magistrates of this city
have offered a reward of 100 dollars for the discovery of
the author, printer and publisher, or the authors, &c. if
more than one, of the seditious pamphlets that have been
distributed here..—Franhfort Papers, Sept. 2.

It is impossible for even the sternest and most
uncompromising Reformer not to heave a sigh
of regret, not to feel a keen twinge of tender
pity, for the approaching extinction of the Orange
party in Ireland. A more meek, forgiving,
Christian-like set of men, more chary of the in
terests of their fellow countrymen, more replete
with the finest and truest human sympathies, than
this same party, never vet graced the annals of
faction. We have always admired them, but our
admiration (we hope we are not blasphemous in
saying so) is now heightened to absolute ido-
latry. For what can be more calculated to
extort public reverence, than the following
Excommunication, which was read, amidst
unbounded applause, at a late Election
Meeting of the Dublin Guild of Mer-
chants. It would do honour to the genius
of ATIIANASIUS, that dove-like Saint whose
creed is such a credit to Christianity. " Ac-
cursed be that man professing the Protestant
faith, and be he hated by his fellows, who, en-
titled to vote at the next election, does not serve
his notice for registration before the 18th day of
the present month ! May his home become
hateful, and his country be to him a desert !
May he be despised by his wife and children,
repudiated by his friends and family, contemned
by his acquaintances, trampled, trodden upon,
and ground to very powder by his enemies !
May the spark of liberty be extinguished in his
bosom, and every sentiment of independence be
annihilated in his heart ! May he live a helot,
enthralled and in slavery in the land won by the
blood of his ancestors ! And when the angel of
death shall cast his shadow over him, may this
withering recollection blast his last moments,—
I might have saved my country—might, but did
not. Cursed be the day, and blasted be the
hour, that brought me into the world." To say
nothing of the winning gentleness of spirit that
breathes through this holy apostrophe, pray,
mark, we beseech you, the exquisite, apostolic
sense of religious propriety which links together
the Protestant faith and the Dublin election in
one and the same sentence! Which solemnly and
deliberately invokes the ALMIGHTY to signalize
with his especial vengeance all those who do
not serve their " notice for registration before
the 18th day of the present month !"
Really these Orangemen entertain odd notions of
JEHOVAH. They seem to think him neither
more nor less than a Boroughmonger, a sort of
everlasting Duke of NEWCASTLE, dwelling
" like a star apart," in his celestial Palace of
Clumber, without eves, ears, or understanding,
save for the interests of the Ultra-Tory faction.
Oh, my Lord GREY, you have much—very
much to answer for in having assisted in the
extinction of a Christian faction like this !
What could your Lordship have been dreaming
of, when you projected such a blasphemous mea-
sure ? Had no gentle recollections of the tri-
angle and the pitch-cap, of the hangings and
the quarterings, and the various other little Sa-
tanic eccentricities that purified Ireland in the
rebellious 98, power to stay your rash hand ?

But for you, all these wholesome achievements
might have been renewed, and Ireland be now
undergoing a lively course of discipline, which
should have confirmed Orange supremacy, and
signalized Orange philanthropy to the remotest
ages.
We had intended to have offered a com-
ment or two on the last sentence of this

Ascendancy excommunication, but the mere
perusal has been too much for us. It has
literally taken away our breath. We may state,
however, without fear of contradiction, that the
word " blast," which so neatly rounds it, is well
worthy of Orange lips, for it breathes all the
energetic spirituality of Billingsgate.
