well as from 'the taa, those qtlalities appear
to be the most proper for such an oCcasion.-;--
The chief purport , of 'this Paper, as we have
. observed, is to vindicate the character, of Mr.
"PETRIC, who was the strenuou; advocate• for a
mild, moderate, and conciliatory system ; and the
authors stale, that Sir GEORGE BARLOW :." endea-
voured to irritate and to drive the remit.). next in,
consequence, and with were personal jnflitente
than "himself, into open and hostile oppositions"
Such a charge against a man who e integrity they
have
no. .is grossly, inconsistt nt., We have
ne disposition to say. any thing to the prejudice of
'PriTKIE, but if he really possessed " more per-
.sonal influence"" than. Sir- GoriGE BARLOW, it is
reasonable to suppose that- he bad in vain exerted
. •
that influence in recommending and enforcing the
conciliatdry'sYstem for which he was so strenuous aii
• ..„
advocate; - and hence it mirbe fairly inferred that
the more resolute qaalities were required which
were exerted by Sir , GEoit'oe limteow, ' and
by which, he war) enabled finally to .succeed. For
though Mr. PETRI'S had no power to cirry his. sys. i
tern into execution • without the "concurrence- and'
,sanction of the Governor, yet as he was " next iiii
consequeace," and bad f‘ more personal influence;',
.it cannot be doubted that he lad., • asfor as exitorta-.
..:
tion and persuasive means could operate, deemed it
an att of duty to use his utmost endeavours to sup-
press so very alarming a mutiny, to which she two
Senior Direaors, indeed apply the name of rebellion.
We have in the last observation followed the example
of the two Directors, in reasoning. upon supposition;
but as the fao is in our favour as to the actual sup--
pression of the mutiny, we nay be allowed to think;
that in their zeal for Mr. Pertire they have,not suf-
ficiently estimated the merit of that systeni of mea-
sures by which it was at last accomplished.

.Yesterd'ay, about twelve o'clozk, l,is MAJESTY.
arrived at. the Queen's Palace, from NV);
•
escorted by a party of Lid ht Horse, ..clicre tie Nirai,
received by their Rod i 1 figi.iresses the Ddli.6 of
YORK, LENT, and CUMBERLAND. At two o'clock
his.MAJEsTY 'held a private Levee, which Was at,
tended by—
The First Lord of the Treasury and Chatkellor of the
Ex. lacquer; the 'East Loici of the Adanaralty ; the Secre—
taries of State for the Home and Colinual Depart: cats; the,
Commander in Chief: the lunge Advuciate ; the Lieutenant.,
General of the Ordnance; Lords Arden (in %‘.a,taliA),' Heat h-
fielu (Gold Stick); Sirs E. Nagle anti C. (ours; .-Ndantrals
Stoptord, Fayernian;Whitshed4 Generals Wallis, Ha), Dis.
ney, Hodgson, Fitien.(Groom in Waiting) ; Coivaiels
Hug.onin Yritzkr, and . Kobinson ; C,aptains Starpoolt.,,:
faille. litehtuu, S}kes, E. Bruce, Losack; and O'Contits,
and Mr. Fawkt.er.

The following had the houour.of being presented
to' his MAJESTY

. . . . .
Captain Stacnoole- of tne*Tonnant,, by the Fir,i, Lord of
the Captain
on tas return trout Laoiz, and his gallant
conclutt in destroying the tintific..tions of Matagorda.
Colonel-Lewis, of the Royal Artillery, on his promotiem.
Lieut. Colonel Hugonin, on hisnomeilion.
Captain. Fahle, of Ins Majesty's ship Abercrombie, on his
return Worn the Wost Inches.

Vice-Admiral sir r i Hind Nagle, on his promotion.
Major-General, Ba) ley Wallis, on his promotion.
Rear-Admiral Stop4ord, on Ins appointment to the com-
mand at the Cape-of Good Hope, and at the same time took
leave ot his Majesty. •
Rear. Admiral Fayerman, on his return from the Mediter..
ranean, and on his proration.
Lieutenant-Colonel Pritzler, on his appointment to CQM-
Milliti toe Cavalry Depot.
Major-General tiny, on Lis promotion.
, Captain Edward Brenton, on his appointMent to the Com-
mand ot the Spartan frigate.
=Captain Sykes, of the Roiyal Navy; on his promotion.
Cap'aiii Ldwarkl Bruce, on his appointment to his
jest) 's st. Alban's.

Col4el.Robinson, on his promotion.
Captain=WoWley Losack, on his appointment to the' Ga.•
late a frigate.

Sir (2iiarles Thomas Jones, on his promotion.
Admiral Whitshed, on his return from the command of the
.
1 rish• station, and Oil ins promotion. . -
111;lja(-Generl Disney, Oil his going. to Cadjz.
Captain Richard O'Connor, of the Royal Navy, on is pro.
!notion.

Major-General Hodgson, on his promotiun,-and en his
turn Oulu Bermudas.

His MAJESTY held a Privy Council, and gave
audiences to the Earl of LIVERPOOL, Sir T. TRIGGS.,
Sir D. DUNDAS, Messr:. PERCEVAL, RYDERJORKE,
and M. SUTTON. The latter laid befOre his MA-
JESTY the proceedings of wine Courts-Martial.
Letters front Dunkirk of the ftith inst. have been
received in towa. They state the ariival at 13oti-.
lope of a vessel, with four passengers, all of whoin
were arrested under the last Decree, and inime-
diately sent to prison. The Ship 4nd Captain have
been released, in consequence of the Captain -being
unacquainted with the existence of the Decree.

By the last conveyance from India the-folloiting
advices were received:—

" BOMBAY, Aran. 14, 1810.
". Intelligence has been received from Ran-
goon, that a BurmAh army of thirty thousand men
had invaded and taken the Island of Junk Ceylon,
and had sent all the inhabitants in slavery to Pegu.
The Siamese, It is said, were collecting a force for
the purpose of attempting the re-capture of this
possession.

" The Portuguese ship Ovider Pereira, with 400
dollars in specie on board, it was said, had been cap-
tilted by - a French frigate near the mouth of the
Straits of Maldcka."

Yesterday a case came on to be' tried before the
Commissioners at the Court of Requests, Guild-
hall, brought before them by Mr. Walker, a gentle.;
man residing in Robert-street, Bloomsbury,' against
the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng-
land, .for refusing to pay him 20s. for a supposed
Bank of England note, which he bad received from
a correspondent in Liverpool ; when it aPpgred by
the testimony of a Clerk belonging to the Inspec-
tor's Office in the Bank, that the Note in question
was a forged,one, in consequence of which the only
remedy left for the complainant was to procure the
payment of it froth the person from whom he had
received it.

We have Geer favoured with: the ffillc.)wing letter,
vhich contains some particulars of the action be-
treen part of flomana's army under BallaSteros, and
tie Prench division of Mm tier. is uieless to
rt -
nary, that the passage which mates that our army
is equal iii number, to Masseaa', is cornipletely er-
oneous.

" Ballasteros arrived long before his
,appointed
time, and certainly engaged the enerny'bravely. He'
was, in fad., on the Lpoint of beit
eithv. eloped by
saperior force, whe Carrara,: th'sathe view,
came to his relief, and the French immediately re-
tired to Lerena, ""heir. numbers were 'froth tive'to
MOO men ; and had the Generals Balasterus and
Carrara obeyed Romana's cirders to avoid an en-
gagement, and if attacked to move Gick and meet
the central army, it -is certain that the enemy must
have been destroyed, taken,or dispersed.
BADAJOS, AUG. 24.—Lord Cochrane and his
-brother set out for Lisbon from thiS place yesterday.
On the 12th inst. a skirmish took place between two
,
divisions of Roinara,i army, and a hody of French,
consisting of abont 5 or 6000 nien.:Ronnana hav-
ing received intelligence that Mortiet had ntirclied
from -with
.Seville, i 1,000 in en, and had- 'shaped
his course towards RbtiquillO, marched from this
city With-his army to Zifri. Nis advanced division,
commanded by Ballagteros -and Carrao,,.‘vt.ro to
march to.a certain, poitit; and wait to the 'Corn-.
wander in thief; but eithei: from presumptioh or
ambition, and thinking their forees superior to the
enemy, they resolved to attack sinO,r, with the
view of obtaining the whole glory of toe aCtion.

. , . .
"The French Tematned'i few day§' at- Lrrena, pit
snme villages .under contribution, endthen clod
the Sierra Morena to Guadalscaold. Thy c',.ii-tiiish
was bloody on both, sides, and the Spa4iards loug?t-
like lions. . . .

«-I have been two days with Romana, at head-
quarters, at Salyatierra, tU Icagucs. from hence.
There is a great. want of Money, of arras, - and of
clothing, particularly shoes, which are dreadfully
-wapted. It is very dis!ressing lo see the miserable
soldiers, marching w ttnout 0°%7 ricks 311 d
pointed stones, and forty gtm smiths h been on-
emplOyed for \A of money tO'pay
t em, and co p..1;.i.0 Ise maierials.
these privioni, the ro;ifile9ce of the Spa-,
niards was I!,i.eater, or the:r hopes more sail.,
guine than ;. I..p.'s•.,•zJt: •

" The slot-oust) :214,ove:mentioned took place at
i(4ai c'n, a leapt?. to the east of thc road from.
:%lonasterio to, Santo,. A French;regiment was
--wen in the aeli,al and-dispensed: The 'nen fled
to Seville, and arTived there at night, and this -was
folloWed by 'illuminations for the victory of Villa-
garcia, during which a report prevailed that the
French vrmy had been totally disperqe:l ;—here-
upon the people cried out,' Viva kernafidti Septiuio,'
and stones were. thrown at rte
is confirmed by a gentleman.of known veracitY;Who
catue from Seville 'a. few dayS age). The remainder
of the French army joined at Lerena, and thought it
prudent to retreat across the Sierra Morena, acid by
information teceived this morning;,b3s since March-
ed from Guadalcanal towards COrmoria. •

It is fully ascertained here, that Massena'S
forces are not more than equal to those before him.
All the enemy's forces in Andalusia db not exc,ed
30,000 ; .and by desertion, sickness,, and the sword,
are daily decreasing. No reinforcements arrive from
France, although the French Papers -tell. us that
whole armies are pas4ing through Bayonne.
" Blake has formed a resneaahle army in,Murcia,
Alicant, &c. and has been. joined by reinforcements
from Valentia.---AdVice was receited here yester-
day, that he had marched to Grenada, .which place
the enemy, on his approach, evacuated. The siege
of Tortosa is also said to be raised.

" On Wednesday last came into this city two re-
giments of Portuguese cavalry, commanded by Bri
gadier-General Madden ; they are fine men, but
indifferently mounted. They are to reinforce Ro-
mana's army.

• I .have perused letters -of ,the Bth, 6th, and
10th, from Madrid. Great disquietude and -discon-
tent prevail in that capital among the Court party.
.NAOoLEoN is displeased with his brother JOSEPH,
and be and his Ministers apprehend that the fate of
Spain will be that of Holland.
" Massena is out of favour, and some add dootted
to. destruCtion. The people of Madrid omit no
occasion of shewin-g their hatred to their• pre
-
lent rnlers. Of, the regiments raised ar.Seviile
at the beginning of the RevolUtion, the 2d and.'3d
swore allegiance to King Josephr, and continued
in ;his, pay. When Mortier marched from Seville to
h'.stremadura, these regiments made part of his army.
The 2d crossed the bri(tge, and there fait away, some
with their armS, and others. threw theai away, and
in a few minutes only 14 men rev ained with. the
colours, whiCh fay i).ri the ground: When the
was ordered to march, .the Colonel refused to fight
against his countrymen, saying., he swore, only to
keep order in the city."

A ludicreus affair took place yesterday at the house
of Mr. of Long-acre. '''Mr. K. had aciver-.
tised fora housekeeper, and vast numbers of that
description applied' for the place early in the morn-.
ib.';'13,91 some of'them had misinterpreted-the word,
and' supposed the advertiser wanted'-a\ feMale part-
ner. A smait girl was amongst thelatter applicants;
and on being informed she was too young f(.r the
advertiser's service, she expressed great surprise,•and
upbraided him for bad taste. This' girl raised a re-
poit among the gossips of the neigbourhood, that
Mr. K. had advertised for a wife, which spread like
lightning, and in half an hour after the house was
beset by hundreds of women, ans.' it was found ne-
cessary, for the peace of the neighbourhood, to place
a constable at the door, to keep the.multitude from
carrying the joke too far. •

A very daring robbejy took place yesterday morn-
ing in Fleet-street, nearly opppsite Fetter-lane, be-
tween the hours of elcven and t.Velve o'clock. Two
villains' knocked down a little girl about 12 years
of age, and took a bundle she had under her Arm
.from her, with which they made . their escape. It
appeared, by the little girl's account, the bundle
contained a new coat, which her father had just
completed, which she was taking home.
