COUNTRY NEWS.

HAMPSHIRE.
WINCHESTER, OCT- il-----This day the Annual
Meeting of TUE HAMPSHIRE PITT CLUB was held at the
White Hurt, in this city. At five o'clock, a numerous and
most respectable company sat down at table. Sir Charles
Rich was the President, end Richard Goodlad, Esq. Vice-
President. The Stewards were the Hon. Chancellor Legge,
Sir John Pullen, Colonel Iremonger, and Henry Eyre, Esq.
Among the members present were Mtssrs.Asltton Smith, Arch-
deacon Hock, Neville, Hoar, Atcheson, D'Oyly St. John,
Watkins, Bromley. Essen, Deane, Wooldridge, Berdmore,
&c. &c. Every arrangement that could add to the conveni-
ence and satisfaction of the meeting, was made by Mr. Hollis,
the Secretary. After the cloth was removed, the health of
his Majesty was given from the chair, and most rapturously
drank by the company. The usual toasts followed, and the
immortal memory of Mr. Pitt was drank in respectful and re-
verential silence. It being the anniversary of the Battle of
Trafalgar, a tribute was paid to the memory of our departed
hero, which seemed to come from the hearts of all present.
Several admirable speeches were elicited from different mem-
bers, arising out of the principles upon which the Club is
founded; and whilst they evinced that ardent lure and affec-
tion to the Constitution inherent in the breasts of true Bri-
tons, expressed a firm and loyal determination to stand by the
Crown, and the laws of the land, whenever, and however,
they might be assailed. Several New Members were elected
and others proposed. The meeting broke up about nine
o'clock, when thanks were voted to the worthy Baronet who
filled the chair, and to whose zeal and urbanity every one
present bore ample testintony. The President for the ensuing
year is Richard Goodlad, Esq.; the Vice President, the Hon.
Chancellor Legge; the two new Stewards, Archdeaccn Hook
and George Hoar, Esq. of Twyford Lodge.
The Reverend David Williams, Second Master of Winches-
ter College, has been collated, by the Lord Bishop of Chi-
chester, to the Wykehantical Prebend of Bursalis, in the
Cathedral Church of Chichester, ea.:ant by the death of the
Reverend Dr. Busby, Dean of P.ocliester.
Yesterday the new Church, at Dean, in this county, built
at the sole expence of Wither Brlmston, Esq. was consecrated
with great solemnity br., the Lord Bishop of this diocese.
The Hambledon Hounds meet on Wednesday, at Drotford,
and on Friday, at Gander Down, at ten o'clock each day.
The Hampshire Hunt meet on the 91st inst., and the
Farmers' Dinner will he on that day at the Swan Inn, Aires-
ford, in the morning of which a Cup will be run fur on Ab-
hetsdown.
At Newbury Market, on Thursday, there was a full supply
of grain. Best samples of Wheat and Barley were full 3s. per
quarter higher; inferior samples advanced about Is. Very
little alteration in Oats, Beans, and Peas. Flour and Bread
the time as last week.

STER. OCT. 20.
The Hampshire Michaelmas Quarter Sessions
were held on Taesday, at the County Hall, Winchester, be-
fore the Hon. and Rev. G. Hear eFur (brother of the Earl of
Ca RNARVONO who presided, in the absence of the Right lion.
Was. Seruitots BOURNE, And a full Bench of Justices.—Pur-
suant to a late Order of Session, the Magistrates assembled on
Monday in the Grand Jury Chamber, for the dispatch of
business, previous to the commencement of judicial pro-
ceedings on Tuesday. The Calendar. contained a list of 45
prisoners; but the offences with which they were charged
were by uo means heavy.—At these Sessions Sir Peter'Pole,
Bart. was qualified to act as a Magistrate for the County of
Hants.—The new Chapel is the County Bridewell was opened
on Thursday, iu the presence of the Chancellor of the Dio-
cese (the Hon and Rev. (o. A. Legge,) Sir Thos. Baring, Bart.,
several of the Magistrates and respectable Inhabitants of Win-
chester, on which occasion an impressive discourse was de-
livered by the Rev. J.O. Zillwood, Chaplain of the Gaul and
Bridewell.
The Corn Markets in the Counties of Hants, Wilts, and
Berks, are recovering from the depression they have so long
experienced. An advance on Wheat and Barley has taken
place during the present week, and sales have been brisk•
Last week fourteen men were apprehended in the neigh
ourhood of Andover, Hams, charged with forging 51, Notes,
purporting to be of the firm of Messrs. Wakefords, at An-
dover. They are supposed to form but a small portion of the
gang to which they belong.
The interior of that venerable edifice Winchester Cathe-
dral is undergoing a complete repair, under the classical su-
perintendance of the learned Antiquary, Dr, Nutt.

The WHIGS have at length discovered, dur-
ing the past week, that a Republic, which they
have so long taught, or attempted to teach us to
tqnsider as the best possible form of all possible
or impossible modes of Government, is not so
very excellent a thing as they have fondly ima-
gilled, The Morning Chronicle, in fact, not only
confesses its surprize but its indignation, that
their so much lauded Republic of BUENOS AYRES
is now become a mere scene of Party contest for
power; and, though we join not in their surprize,
we can equal them in sorrow at the intelligence
of the state of that unhappy country ; where, as
expressed in private letters, and by parole re-
port, there is now no security for either property
or lives, as there are scarcely five persons of
the same sentiments, and no one can tell who
governs !
This too, let it be remembered, in PARAGUAY,
that district of the South' American Continent,
which the, ablest politician would have chosen
for the fairest chance of successful experiment.
In a climate possessing all the advantages of
the Temperate and Torrid Zones, with scarcely
any of their disadvantages ; uncursed by mines of
gold or silver, and with less of the horrors of
slavery than any other province ; under general
circumstances leading to industry, possessing
much land, yet unsettled, having a fine river and
extensive sea communication, of which BRITAIN
and the UNITED STATES were eagerly availing
themselves ; and politically and geographically
separated from the feuds of their neighbours.—
Yet, with all these, the fairest foundation for
public and political happiness, that goodly
country is the prey of wild and savage men, as
wild and savage as the wildest and most ferocious
beasts that roam the extensive Pampas—and this
is a Republic of the Sovereign People.
Nay, even to this the Whig and Radical
Press would bring this happy country, if they
could ; and they would do so, were it not for the
good sense of the people, whom they flatter to
their own destruction.

That good sense, however, though sometimes
temporarily misdirected, cannot be far misled ;
and of this, descending from the " dignity of
politics," to the humbler occurrences of life even
during the past week, we can offer one or two
instances, of which we can vouch for the truth
to our Country Readers, as eye and ear wit-

nesses.
The revival of Cymbeline at Covent-Garden
seemed like an experiment on public feeling, in
regard to passing Parliamentary transactions, or
as if chosen to permit Reginal attachment to ex-
pand itself to public notice.—ln fact, many of the
Speeches appear like poetical versions of Mr.
BROUGHAM'S prose at their lordships' bar—and
so were they takes by perhaps one half of a pret-
ty full house, but principally in the galleries.—
The hisses, however, increased gradually so as
to nearly equal the applause, until a crowded
half-price, when the clapping actually diminish-
ed, though with more marked allusions, and at
last was little more than the applause due to
good acting.
Henri Quatre, on Saturday evening, became a
touch-stone of another kind. The points of
loyalty and of personal attachment to the King
were at first readily, though not very extensively
taken ; hissing followed, but only to increase the
fervour of public expression, until it was almost
shamed into silence—and we can aver that in a
crowded, well-dressed house, collected, of course)
from all parts, and consisting of all ranks in this
vast metropolis, the number of hissers never, at
any time, appeared to exceed FIFTY, whilst more
than two-thirds of the audience, male and female,
joined heartily in the loyal display !
We hope the Editors of the Times and Chro-
nicle were present ; but we should have been
happier if ONE, to whom this expression d a
People's love must have been gratifying, had
been there to have witnessed it—to have heard
and seen the public feeling at that passage where
the KING is advised to shew himself more to his
people, and personally to claim their love and af-
, fection !—But of this, more anon.

WESTMINSTER SESSIONS.--Saturday John
George was found guilty of insulting and assault-
ing the Duke of WELLINGTON on the 28th of
August last, when a crowd was assembled in
George-street, Westminster, and the neighbour-
hood. In consideration of the confinement already
suffered, and previous good character, the prisoner
was sentenced to only seven days' imprisonment.
Bow-mum—Mr. PEARSON and VICKERY
returned to London from France at eleven
o'clock on Sunday evening, after a fruitless
search for Franklin, alias Fletcher. Messrs.
Pearson, Ilaydon, and others, had several
interviews with Mr. CIRNIE upon the subject
yesterday. Two letters have been received at the
Office, signed by Franklin, and dated from Calais ;
but it is not believed that he has ever been
there. These letters expressed his perfect readi-
ness to appear to answer the charges brought
against him respecting the seditious placards, &c.;
but that the sole cause of his not having done so,
was the fear of being arrested on a verdict of
5000/. damages which had been given against
him in an action for crim. con. by Goodall against
him.

Three persons concerned in the late riot at
Oxford, when the mob attacked the houses of the
publishers of The Oxford Herald, have been
found guilty at the Sessions, and
imprisoned for
eight, six, and four months.

[Morning Post.]
THE iatJEENIS DEFENCE CLOSED.—One act of
the great drama, which has so long demanded the
undivided attention of the nation, has reached its
close ; and like the most interesting dramas on the
mimic stage, it is not wanting in that which must
command surprise. Mr. Brougham yesterday an-
nounced, that inconsequence of the absence of
the Baron d'Ent #(whose evidence, we are well
assured, would not have served the Queen's
cause) he could proceed no further ; and with
the prudence of a skilful advocate, he closed the
hopeless Case of his unfortunate client, without
even attenyting a summing Up of the weak and.
puerile evidence adduced in the defence. The
Attorney-General, being called upon by the
Lord Chancellor, expressed a wish to be afford-
ed time to call Colonel Brown, and the other
Members of the Milan Commission, in order that
they might explain their conduct before he called
his witnesses to disprove the statements of those
for the defence, and proceed to his general reply.
Many of her Majesty's friends had previously
manifested an anxiety that some such course as
this should be pursued, and loud complaints had
even been urged against the supposed injustice of
not investigatinf the conduct of those Gentlemen
before the termination of the proceedings. But
what will they think when they find that Mr.
Brougham, who was so anxious to investigate
their conduct, is now on a sudden most feroci-
ously opposed to it, and when the desired course
is only mentioned, demands, with almost super-
human effrontery, if that is a Court of Justice,
in which such a proposition can be entertained
for a moment ! And why all this furious and
senseless opposition ? Because, truly, Colonel
Brown is not on his trial, and therefore the
Queen is not to be kept in suspense that he may
be vindicated.

[Neu► Times.]

The whole Nation, we believe, will learn with
utter astonishment, that her MAJESTY'S COUNSEL
have closed their defence !! !. They have closed
it without calling Marlette Dumont, Austin,
Schiavini, Hieronymus, or the Countess of Oldi,
all of whom were on board the polacca, and all
are now in this country ! 'Marlette Dumont they
were positively pledged to call. Mr, Brougham
assured their Lordships that he would call her;
he was not bound> t call-- her he said) but hi
would do it. The Countess of Oldi 'was sent
for from Italy on purpose to he a witness. She
can prove the noble origin of the Bergami
family. She can satisfy Lord Guildford's nu,
merous friends, that she does not speak
a vulgar patois but the true lingua Toscana
in bocca Romana. She can explain the mys-
teries of the tent and of the landaulet. She can
tell why the little Victorina was so tenderly
caressed, and why the Baroness Della Francina,
the wife of the accomplished Bergami, was ex-
cluded from a Court, graced from the drawing
room to the stables by his other relations and
connexions. Really the not producing this
constant and convenient friend of her Ma-

jesty's is a subduction from the truth and
justice of the ease, which could not have
been anticipated from the Legal Guar-
dians of the Queen's fair fame. Then, there
is Count Schiavini, the ingenious assistant
of poor Lieutenant Flynn's decayed memory,
the Gentle-raan who employs his leAsure hours at
Brandenburgh House in polishing and refining
notes for witnesses to refer to c.in examination !
Why was not he called ? Had 'ne the fear of that
" sulphureously hot" room before his eyes ?
Was he afraid that he should faint away It is
most surprising, that having at least seven wit-
nesses in their power who accompanied her Ma-
jesty throughout all the voyages of the ever-me-
morable polacca, they should only have ven-
tured to produce the two Lieutenants, one of
whom was charitably suggested to be deficient in
intellect, and the other to set his seal to the fact
which but the day before had been denounced as
a " filthy invention of some high fed Italian."

[British Press.]
The proceedings in the House of Lords l'es-
terday were marked by circumstances of the
deepest interest, involving most intimately the
character of their Lordships' House, and affect-
ing the integrity of our national judicature. At
the moment when the House adjourned, the feel-
ings of all persons who witnessed the proceed-
ings, whether as Judges, Advocates, agents, or
spectators, were wound up to an intensity of in-
terest ; yet we conceive it to have been most for-
tunate for all parties concerned—for the Queen
—for the Prosecutor—for the character of the
Judges—for the justice of the Country, that
at such a moment the order for an imme-
diate adjournment was adopted. Time has beta
afforded to the Peers for deliberation ; they have
not been hurried rashly or by surprise into the
adoption of measures which, in the calmness of
reflection, they
might subsequently lament ; and
whatever course they shall pursue this morning
must be regarded as the conscientious result of
their mature unruffled judgment.

PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS-YESTERDAY.

THE QUEEN'S DEFENCE.

[Continuation cf lesterday's Proceedings.]

After the Interpreter had read the Diploma of
the Order of St. Caroline, he begged to state,
that he had read the date of the letter, 1816. It
might be that the date was meant to be 1815.
lie could not speak positively to this ; but their
Lordships, on inspecting the document, might be
Lest able to judge which it was.
The Duke of SOMERSET wished to call Lieut.
Hownam back, to ask him a few questions with
respect to the tent.
Earl GREY said the regular course would be
to call back any witness ater the defence was
closed.
The Duke of SOMERSET did not press the
subject.
The LORD CHANCELLOR directed the transla-
tion of the diploma to be taken down, and in-
lerted in the minutes with the original.
EXPENCE OF THE TRIAL.

Lord HOLLAND wished to ask the Noble Lord
opposite a question on the subject of the papers
Lately laid before the House relative to the ex-
pences incurred by the present proceedings. In
these documents he found an item of 18,0001. for
secret service. He wished the Noble Earl to
state what was meant by this, and what secret
services had been performed, for which this
18,0001. should be paid.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL said, the sum in ques-
tion was marked in the way described, to indi-
cate that it was taken from a sum of money an-
nually voted on estimate by Parliament for Secret
Service. From that fund up to a certain period,
it had been thought right to take the sums called
for to conduct the proceedings which had been
instituted.

The Earl of DARNLEY felt called upon, as
this subject had been mentioned by his Noble
Friend, to ask another question or two on those
p,apers. He wished to know if these papers set
forth the whole expense hitherto incurred by the
proceedings of the Milan Commission, and, if the
whole of the expense incurred in procuring wit,.
lasses appeared in these documents.
The Earl of LivEnpooL had no objection to
answer the questions of the Noble Earl, and to
*ay that the two items alluded to, included the
whole of the expenses incurred by the Milan
Commission, and by procurinr, witnesses to ap-
pear in behalf of the Bill, as far' as the same could
be made up, with the exception of the expenses
incurred by messenjers.
Earl GREY wished to know under what de-
partment the expenses of messengers will be
found ?

The Earl of LIVERPOOL replied, in the ac-
counts of the Foreign Department.

MADEMOISELLE DUMONT.

Mr. DENMAN, before the witness came to the
bar, wished to state the grounds on which they
called for the indulgence which they had solicit-
ed. It was not the intention of the Counsel for
the defence to attempt to prove any particular
fact. They would merely question her as to a
certain conversation. If she admitted it, they
would take the benefit of such admission—if she
denied it, they would then be at liberty to bring
evidence to contradict her.

The LORD CHANCELLOR thought it right to
state, that the object of the Learned Counsel in
recalling the witness should have been stated be-
fore. As the House, however, in one instance
had recalled a witness under such circumstance,
acid in another had seemed as if it would agree
to such a course, he had little doubt that they
would agree to it.

The Earl of LAUDERDALE offered a few words
as to the mode in which the witness should be
•ex,amined.

The Loan CHANCELLOR said, the rule hitherto
acted upon was this :—if Counsel after examina-
tion in chief, cross-examination, re-examination,
and examination by- their Lordships, wished to
ask a question, the question had been suggested
to the House, and the House had taken upon
itself to put it ; acting upon this rule, the course
in the present instance would be, for the Counsel
to put any questions they might desire to ask
through the House ; but, perhaps it would save
their Lordships' time, if they were to allow the
questions to be put to the witness by the Learned
Counsel at once.

(The witness Dumont was then put to the bar,
and examined by Mr. WILLIAMS.)
Q. I wish to know whether the witness knows
a woman called Fanchette Martine ?—A. I do
not ; I believe not.

Does she know a man named Henry Martine ?
I do not recollect any such name.
Does she know a place in Switzerland called
iVrys uge ?—Yes.
The woman of whom I speak is a milliner at
that place ?—I know a person, a milliner, at
Mange, of the name of Marcini, not Martine.
I wish to know whether she recollects seeing
that person under the amended pronunciation, at
Mange, in April, 1818 ?—I have seen her several
times.

Have you seen her in 1818 ?—I do not recol-
lect ; but I may have seen her in the course of
that year.
Do you recollect sending for her, to make a
bonnet for you ?—I cannot recollect sending for
her, as I did not meet her at Mauge.
But did you see her on the subject of making
a bonnet ?---I may have seen her ; but I cannot
say yes or no to that.
Do you know her ?—Yes, know her.

Have you had any conversation with her on
the subject of the Princess of Wales ?—As I do
not recollect my seeing her in the course of that
year, I do not, of course, recollect such a con-
versation.

After you left the Princess, did you see her ?

Had you then some conversation with her re•

specting the Princess of Wales ?—I do not recol-
lect whether I had any conversation with her re-
lative to the Princess of Wales.
Will you swear you had not ?—I do not recol-
lect ; it may be ; but I do not recollect.
Do you recollect Martini speaking io you re-
lative to your Journal ?—I do not recollec(Mar-
tini speaking to me relative to my Journal.
Do you mean to say you had not any conver-
sation with her on this subject ?—I do not recol-
lect ; it may be.
Do you recollect this woman speaking to you
on the subject of the Princess of Wales E.—l do
not recollect.
Nor do you recollect having said any thing re-
specting the persons who surrounded the Prin-
cess ?—1 do not recollect. I have often spoken
about the Princess since I have left her, but not
about the persons who surrounded her.
Did not this person ask you about the charac-
ter of the Princess I—l do not recollect having
any conversation with her on that subject.
Do you recollect being at Mauge ?—Yes, se-
veral times.
Now, I beg to know, whether Martini did not
put this question, " whether the Princess was not
a woman of intrigue ?"—I do not recollect ; I do
not at all recollect having auy such conversation
on the subject.
Will you swear that you had n' such
conversation, or that she did not ask that ques-
tion; namely, whether the Princess was not a
woman of intrigue ?—I do not recollect. If this
question was put to me, I have not the least re-
collection of it.
Do you recollect that you were angry on this
question being put to you ?—I do not recollect
this conversation ; I have not the least recollec-
tion of it.

Did you not say ;t was all a calumny, and
that it was the Princess's enemies who spread
such rumours against her character ?—I don't
recollect it ; I do not recollect any thing like it.
Will you swear you did not say so ?—I will
not swear it. It may be ; but I have not the

least idea of it. Before I was sworn (I would
be put upon my oath that) I never had such a
conversation to my recollection.
Will you swear you never had a conversation
to that effect ?—I have not the least idea of such
a conversation ; I have no recollection of it.

Did you not say to this Madame Martini that,
at the time the Princess of Wales left England,
she was surrounded by spies ?—I could not
have said it, because I never saw any spies
about her.

IVill you swear you never said it?—l do not
recollect it.

But I understood you to say, you coulri not
have said it, because you never saw any.spies
about her 2—l do believe I never said so at all.
But will you swear you never said it ?—f mill
not swear it ; but I do believe I never did hold
such a conversatioa.

Again--" that the most simple actions of ltsr
life were always misinterpreted do nct re-
collect such a conversation at all.

it is a very long conversation. Have you a
bad memory ? will you swear that the conversa-
tion, or any part of it, never passed .?-1' cannot
swear what I do not recollect ; I have not any
idea of it.
Do you recollect being on a visit at Madam
Jaccroit's at Mange ?—Yes.
Whell was that have been there several

Were you there hi 1818 have been there
several times after t left the service of the Priit
cess of Wales.

-Were you there in the year 1818, I ask you ?
I do not recollect being- there in that year.
Do you not recollect a bonnet being altered
for you at Madame Martine-?----I do not at all
recollect this conversation.

Did not Madame Martini say, " that as you
were about her person, you mast know all about
her ?" I have not the least recollection of it.
Did not Madame Martini ask whether there
had not been indecency in the Princes of Wales's
conduct do not recollect it at all.

Did she not use these words, or words to that
effect ?—I cannot swear it ; I do not recollect it

at all.

Will you swear that Martini did not ask you
if you saw any thing unchaste in the conduct of
,the Princess ?—I do not recollect.

Will you swear that you did not reply, if not
in these words at least to this effect My
God, no; it is impossible. There does not live
a more chaste woman than the Princess ?"—I do
not remember having any conversation of this
kind with Martini.

Will you swear that you did not say this in a
conversation with Madame Martini ?---I do not
recollect that I did.

Was such a question put to you by Madame
Martini ?—I do not recollect such a question ; but
if this question took place, I -do not believe I
made such an answer.

Did you not also observe, that in all the perse-
secutions of the Princess, she had no friend but
the late King ?
The LORD CIIANCELLOR.-The manner in
which this question has been put is extremely
important, if it be put down as the examination
of the Lords.

Mr. WILLIAms—Ask the witness whether she
she did not say to this Madame Martini, that in
all her Persecutions, she (the Princess) had no
friend but the old King do not recollect.
Mr. WlLLtims.—Does your Lordship think it
fit that the witness should be asked whether she
will swear that she did not say so ?
The Loan CHANCELLOR—I see no objection.
Will the witness swear she did not say so ?
I will not swear that I did or did not ; but I do
not believe I ever said so.
Was not the witness again at Mauge in the
month of November, in the same year ?—I have
been several times at Mange.
Has she any recollection whether or not she
viaesn at Mauge in November, ISI9 ?—I may have
been
there that month, but I do not exactly re-
collect. I was there either at the end of Novem-
or the beginning
bet.) of December.

Ask the witness if Martini did not ask her
whether the Princess was not greatly afflicted at
the loss of the Princess Charlotte ?—I do not re-
collect such a conversation.
Will she swear that Martini did not put that
question to heri—l cannot positively swear it ;
but I have not the least Wealiel it.
Ask witaiivr' the *witnss"did'uot liran;i'ver,
say, " Yes, it was very natural, as she had lost
every thing in losing her child ?"—I have not
the least idea of such a conversation.
I wish the witness to be asked whether she be-
lieves that such a conversation took place with
Madame Martini do not believe that any
such conversation took place.
I wish the witness to be asked whether, after
the death of the Princess, she was not asked whe-
ther her Royal Highness would not make some
diminution in her household ?—I have not the
least idea of such a conversation. I assure you,
I do not recollect it.
Will you swear did yGt take place ?—I will

not positively swear; but I have not the least idea
- -

of it.
Where was the witness when she was iirst put
upon her oath ?
The LORD CHANC2LLOR.—Has she said in this
examination that she was put upon her oath ?
Mr. Wir..u.tins.—Yes, my Lord.
The LORD CHANCiLLon.---Read what she said.
Mr. BitouonAti.—Does no', your Lordship
think that independent of what she may have al-
ready said, this question ought to be put ?
The LORD CHANCELLOR said, that if it, were
meant to call a witness to contradict this evi-
dence, it was extremely material that some ex-
planation should be given as to the view with
which the question was meant to be proposed.
Mr. J3itouonAm.—She has in her evidence
used the very terms.
Thy following answer was then read from Mr.
Gurney's notes :
" I will swear that before I was put upon my
oath, I never said any thing of what passed in
the house of her Royal Highness."
Q. When was it you were, for th,l first time,
put upon your oath ?
The question and answer in which the witness
alluded to having been put upon her oath was
then read to her, and she was asked,
What do you mean by before you were put
upon your oath ?—I mean before I was ex-
amined and put upon my oath at this bar.
Mr. Wx.r.r..was—l do not wish to put any fur-
ther question.
Re-examined by the SOLICITOR-GENERAL.
Q. Before you were examined here at this bar,
had you been examined any where else ?—A. 1
had been examined at Milan.

Had you ever stated any thing about her
Royal Highness before you were examined at this
place—in this House ?—Was it after I had been

examined at Milan, or before ?
At any time before you were examined here,
had you said any thing about her Royal High-
ness 2-4 have spoken often of her Royal High-
ness before I was examined at Milan.
What does the witness mean by saying, that
before she was put upon her oath, she never
said any thing of what passed in the house of
her Royal Iligimess?—The meaning is, that I
never said any tiling of her conduct with Courier
Bergami.

DO you mean that before you was sworn in
this place, that you never said any thing respect-
ing the conduct of her Royal Highness and Ber-
gami ?--I made my deposition at Milan.
The SOLICITOR-GENERAL said, that if he were
intitled, he wished to ask the witness some par-
ticulars relatively to the journey from Rome to
Senegaglia.

The Loan CHANCELLOU gave it as his opinion,
that the re-appearance of the witness was on an
especial point, and unless the question contem-
plated by the Learned Solicitor had connection
with what she had now deposed, it could not be
put.--The question was not put.
Lord LAUDERDALE.-What day did you leave
her Royal Highness at Pesaro?—ln November,
but I do not know the day.
How long after you left her service was it that
you wrote the letter to her Royal Highness ?
On the same evening, on my arrival at Rimini.
Had the report of the death of the Princess
Charlotte of Wales arrived at Pesaro when you
were discharged ?—No.
Witness was ordered to withdraw.

Mr. BROUGHAM proposed that Dumont should
be present, while he examined a witness ; per-
haps it might assist her recollection.

The proposition was objected to, and Dumont
withdrew.

FANCIIETTE MARTINI sworn.—Examined by Mr.

WILLIAMS.

Q. Are you the wife of Henry Martini ?
A. Yes.
Of what place ?—Mauge.
Do you keep a milliner's shop there ?—Yes.
Do you know Louisa Dumont ?—Yes.
How long have you known her?—From the time she was
at Mange, when she was quite young.
%Vas that before she was in the service of the Princess of
Wales ?—A long time before.
What age was Dumont when you first became acquainted
with her?—When I knew her first, she was about 16 I think.
Had you frequently seen Dumont at Mange ?—From the
moment I first became acquainted with her, I saw her very
often.

Did you see Dumont at Mange, at any time in 1810 ?—I
saw her in the month of April.
On what occasion, and where did you see her ?—At the
country house, when I was called to do some work.
Who foi ?—For Mademoiselle Dumont.
Before that time had you seen any Journal of Mademoiselle
Dumont ?-1 had read it.
When you saw Dumont on the subject of work, did you
converse with her on the subject of the Journal or of the
Princess ?—yes.
Did you ask her any questions respecting the conduct of
the Princess of Wales ?—The first time I spoke to her about
her voyage, because 1 have seen her Journal.
I speak of the tints when you had the work to do fur Du-
mont.?-1 understand.

Did you tli;n1171 '' ''''' conversation with Dumont, and ask
her any questions respecting the conduct of the Princess of
wales generally I—Yes.
What was the question that you put to Dumont.
Mr. ATTORNEY-GENERAL objected to this question.
He was at a loss to conceive how the answer either way could
be made evidence.
Mr. BROUGHAM said, that he tendered the evidence as a
contradiction of the evidence of Duntont, and not as gene-
rally affecting the credit of Dumont.
The SOLICITOR-GENERAL objected to the evidence of
this witness being received as a contradiction of the evidence
of Dumont..

Mr. BROUGHAM requested the short-band write tory
several questions, and the answers to them by Burnont,cocci
she swore that she never had made any declarations r.
ing the conduct of the Princess of Wales and Berga'9l'
to her heist; examined on oath.
Mr. WILLIAMS contended that the ey ttoo,liidence o
awt "e
received, for the assertions of Dumunt.that she newer ,5
tc
thing-like levity in the condrift of her Royal -Higl°\%-ei
wards Bergarni, and that the Whole were 'nothing biltren.cl
ports of her Royal Higlines s'Yould
not Only in contradiction of Diunwit's evidence?but"
favour of the Queen. j
nd c'
Lord ERSKINE. spoke in support of the question, aleadia
tended that it was a proper question for the purpose °icousil
to a contradiction of Dumont. The objection of thetip
for the Bill appeared to his Lordship to confound the 0., jo.
tion between the admissibility and the effect of the e''icar
now offered. He conceived that at all events it was
admissible, though its effect would be for the after eons
tion of their Lordships.
The Earl of
itsLAUDERDLE opposed the puttin°7'faer
question. He conceived would lead to inadmissipl
dence. a w,
The LORD CHANCELLOR said, their LordsblP f
not at present called upon to decide upon the justice
ri°o
Noble arid Learned Friend—(A laugh)—but to pro tt
to the admissibility of the eyidonce now propose°bu
Queen's Counsel. His Lordship said,l may be mistake d'it, I
I consider it evidence brought to affect the general °eve'
Dumont, and therefore admissible.—(Cries of hear,
and Go on.) bl
What question did you put to Dumont ?—I said I th.ouigar,,
the Princess was a Libertine ; that was then my frank °Plni,rcei
What answer did Dumont give to that ?—She Put h
in a great passion, and said it was nothing but caluatt°'
vented by her enemies in order to ruin her. edof
Did she say any thing more She said all that was B° tbs
the Princess ; that she never observed any tiring ab°-
Princess but what was good.
?.—Sire Did you hear Dumont say anything about spies ?.—Sireiss•
me that ever since the Princess had quitted England s°B
been always surrounded with spies. di.
interpreter. She said something more.—And that er.t th.
simplest action which she did was misinterpreted, tr,,ies
Princess knew very well that she was 'surrounded w'"l`os9
but that she did nothing but what she was willing that
world might know of. II'
Did you ever observe to Thiroont, that as she had bee" c'
ways about the person of the Princess, she must be bce ojoit
quainted with her actions ?—I only recollect what I hale
said.
Did you inquire of Dumont any thing about the chaiti..tiolecf
5

the Princess:—Yes; i asked her whether she had err'
served any thing of the Princess.
What did she answer ?—She answered no, she Devei,
served any thing, and it was impossible to he more Op
than my Princess.
Do you remember any thing being said by Dumont ab°ot:
the old King?—She said, in conversation, that the Old il
was the only support the Princess had. 13a"
You have upon several occasions seen Dumont, you
said ; did Dumont know you well I—Yes.
Do you remember seeing Dumont again in 1818?---Yd.
About what time I—ln the month of November.
Cross-examined by the SOLICITOR-GENERAL. toot
Q. What leads you to remember that this conversation to
place, in particular, intBlB ?—A. Because I saw her dePna' eel
in the public Papers; then I showed my indignation at :
having said what she had to me, and given such depositia
That is no answer. Why do you know that the coOrark
cation took place in 1818 ?—Because she employed rue m
elt,
tering a hat, and she took it from me on the eed of AY
1818, as it appears by my day-book.
Was that the year that your husband fell into embarrinlea
circumstances I
gir
(Objected to, as it assumed that be was in embarrassed
cumstanees.)
Was your husband in that year, in embarrassed circ'a''
stances ?—No.
Do you mean to swear that he was not a bankrupt th°
year ?—Eh moo Dieu ! Oui—(Loud laughing.)
How fa: is Borgi from Coinshra?—A league.
How often I) ave you seen Dumont ?—I have seen her maps
times, hut spoken to he; only twice.
How often did you see her in t 817 ?—Not at all.
How long was it before that period that you saw be':of
I did not sec her before; I knew she was in the count'',
the neighbourhood, but did not speak to her before. 810?
Did you ever see her on any occasion before April, I
sod
—I saw her before she was in the service of the Princes')
I saw her right days before I did the work for her.
When did yon see Dumont before she entered the ger et
of her Royal Highness ?-1 have seen her many thug'
Mauge; she came to my warehouse to buy goods.
Did the acquaintance arise by her coming to buy ge‘
--$
your shop?—Yes,
Can you recollect the first time she came to buy goo.-Ale
your shop?—When she was at l‘latige learning to do nee"
work with the Demoiselles Reg-ard.
When was that ?—Mademoiselle was then about fifteen
sixteen, as I stated.
bog
As I du not know how old Dumont is, I want to knout
pa
long it is ago ?—lt was when .Dumont was very young/ $
she was learning to make hats.
How long is it since cannot say.
i 50
Do you mean to swear that you do not know if it was
or ten years ago ?—Yes, I cannot say.
Can you say if it is three years ago or ten ?—I cannot tetti,;
I know nothing about it : the Demoiselles may be written
and they can give you information about it. tlr
Question repeated.—l cannot swear what Ido not I.ll°
and what I do not recollect.
Who was present at tlou time the conversation with Du-
el Ont
took place ?—The two sisters, the Demoiselles Jacquerau'
Where are they ?—One is at Nimes.
Did this conversation take place at the house of Mad°
seise .Jacquerau ?—Yes.
Did the conversation take place under such circumsta4(;
that Mademoiselle Jacquerau must have heard it 1--ht 01
heard almost the whole of it ; they were going in and nag of
the room alternately, and mast recollect the greater pooe
it : there are several particulars they must recollect, bets
they found fault with my observations to Dumont.
t that
When were you examined first as to what passed a- g 0
conversation I—Do you mean examined by those Gentlep
who came to Switzerland.
Yes.—About a fortnight ago. se
Who were those Gentlemen ?—I cannot remember, bec"4,
they are English names.
Was a copy taken of your deposition ?—Yes.
Did you put it on paper at all ?—No.
'
Who did you come over to England with ?—With Mr.vi"-„ed?
Did you come alone, or did any tither person accompaolll3,
I would not travel along the public roads without my Iluaw,a- to
What agreement have you made or your husband, .-1,0
what compensation you are to have ?—ply husband has ot
nothing to do with that ; the Gentlemen said the GoverrOn
of this
nos cousntury would indmnify me. hese
Ham been mentie &
oned ? No, as I didn't know to
Gentlemen I could not trust to their words; because
years ago an Englishman, called Addison, occasioned ft `ow
loss of 50 louis ; on this account they have deposited one
drels d pothau to
1001 .t ds a a
to he bankpaider's,
to yo as secuu? —lrity.t cannot be paid to
without the order of those Gentlemen ; it was put there
security r what is just and fair hieing
you
done bme.
Then d foo
you mean to swear o came to td~
country no promise has been made to you of any kind ?
no y
bod, I swear it ; I speak the exact truth.
Have you received nothing ?—I have received 701. 'ner •Jed
on account, because there is a law suit which will be dec'sroi
against me on the 2411 i of next month, if I am not there; ,da
not knowing how long I am to remain in London, and
not leave my affairs without being paid something.
Besides this, were your travelling expenses paid ?--""
Gentlemen paid thern for me.
6e'
Did you travel post I—Yes; for this day week we left
noa, at four o'clock in the afternoon.
re, hat
Tell me how much, as a compensation for coming he
04,at
expect to receive ?—As my whole dependence is upon act
this Government may choose to give, I cannot say f.t
any particular sum. We left our affairs in strange Pa
with three journeyvvornen in the shop.
Then you have no expectation of any precise sum 1-4 I's'
no promise ; they said to m nthing about it.
est'r'
Where tlo you live here noe wo ?—We arrived here late
day, at midnight. We have been placed somewhere, and
I am now.

Re-examined by Mr. WILLIAMS.
Q. Remind her that she has been asked as to the tile sl
if
had a particular conversation with Dumont; and ask teethe
she had only one conversation with her on t4e subject 0 301
Pt incess of Wales?—A. Yes, I have seen her feveral tiunoc,
I told you that she came to me at Jacquerau's very frolOrau's
How soon after that conversation at Madame Jacquef Div
on the subject of the Princess. was it that you heard
mold's departure ?—My conversation took place on the
of April, and eight days before I beard of her going- Jac'
Ask her if she ever had any conversation with Madame
querau with respect to Dumont
The Soucrroit-GENERA L objected to this
relating to a conversation between two persons,whicil‘"
not be evidence.
of o°l
Mr. WILLIAMS said, he only asked as to tle

COI
Cpl,

lbla,
• sp.,
t

*4;

cotil
litss
1 di
ilthl
Catli
