SURREY---Juan 19.

The r.:disy and bustling appearance which this tort had worn
°in", the commencement of the election, was singinarly changed
t:;10 morning. The news that Mr. Sumner had declined the
contest .did not teach Guildford until four o'clock yesterday. From
the manner in which the meeting of Saturday was concluded,
there seemed no reason to believe that it would be relinquished so
soon, although it was quite obvious that the late member had no
chance of ultimate success. It Was thought, also, that the sub-
scription would enable him to continue the contest, awl that the
pleasure of harassing hit opponents, and putting them to expense,
would induce him to persist. The polling this morning was very
languid ; but still there were a feW votes for Mr. Sumner. At
about an hunt after it had commeneed, a repOrt was spread that
another candidate was Minot to offer for the representation of the
county, in the person of Sir William .lolliffe. It was of course
perfectly unfounded, but Was nevertheless industriously put about
by the friends and the committee-men of Ms. Sumner. At 12
o'clock the poll was closed, and the Sheriff announced his inten-
tion of holding the court in the Town-hall at one o'clock. At
that hour the doors of the Court were opened, and the Hall was
immediately filled. Some ladies, who had been previously
admitted, filled the jury-box and side galleries.
Proclamation having been made, the High Sheriff' declared the
numbers polled to hive been, for
Mr. Denison - 2,307
Mr. Pallmer - - 2,055
Mr. Sumner - 1,037
and that Mr. Denison and Mr. Pallmer were duly elected accmd
ingly,

This announcement was received with loud acclamations. The
ceremony of girding evvordw on the representatives, as knights of
the shire, was perfn and the deed recording their election
signed by the freeholders.

Mr. LEECH they addressed the meeting. It had heel' alleged
• complaint tLiat no county meeting had been held for nomi-
hating ""(P.,.;atee, and he therefore now mentioned it. in the pre-
sence eNthe Sheriff. Not that he had any intention to reflect upon
P..,1 se High Sheriff, whose honourable and impartial conduct .was
known to every one; or upon, Mr. Pannier, but that upon all
future occasions the freeholders might have timely notice to select
candidates.
The Ilion Sneerer said, that although as a matter of
courtesy to Mr. Leech and the meeting, he was ready to explain
his conduct, he did so, premising that he was not the servant
of the county, but of the King. lie was amenable to no per.-
sons there, and acted only under the authority of the law, and
in obedience to the King's writ. It was usual, he knew, for
eheriffe to accede to such requisitions from freeholders, and if he
had received such a requisition he should have obeyed it ; but be
should have done so from a wish to protect their interests--not
because he was by law compelled to do so._(Cheers.)
Mr. Detersorr said, that although expressions of gratitude were
soon exhausted, the sentiment would never quit his bosom. If he
did not entertain those sentiments he should be the basest of man-
kind. To have polled such a number of freeholders of Surrey
'svithtut a canvass was the proudest triumph of his and their joins
kiplee that he had ever witnessed.--(Cheers.)—lt was imps-
Wible, with 40 many interests as prevailed in this populoes county,
to please every body ; but he trusted that he bad never omitted to
do any thing in his power which he wits culled upon, or in any
degree forfeited hie lie wits ready at all times to obey
the requisitione of the freeholders; but he had no right to dictate
them. "not tome he acute of life, mei of the prettiest effect of the
principles on which be ected, convinced him that they were adapt-
ed to promote the welfare, wit only of the British empire, but the
whole world. Ile would always be. Numd enforcing the necessity
of economy and retrenchment, of the amelioration of the condi-
Wiwi of the slaves, of reducing the public debt as far p possible,
and not, as had been done in this year, of adding 8,000,000/. to
it.--(Cheers. )---He world plainly state what were his principles.
He wished to see more of puhliospirit in the House of Commons,
and fewer placemen. He wished to see elections carried on with
so little expence, that any respectable country gentleman might
cohteat a county With the proudest ariatocret, and without the
fear of being overwhelmed by his opponent's wealth. In the en-
suing Parliament there must be discussed two topics of deep in-
terest to every person in the kingdom : he meant the emu-
lates and the currency. Whet was the cause of the corn-
hill Taxation. What was the cause of that taxation ? The
late destructive and expensive wars in which the country bad
unhappily been engagt4. It was unquestionably necessary to
keep faith with the public creditor ; but at the *tune time it
was necessary to dc, every thing that could be done to diminish
the public taxes, taking care that the burden fell equally on all
classes. Let the landholder be protected from the taxes which lie
now paid exclusively,—that is, from tithes, poor-rates, and ceases,
and then let corn come in as free as any other. commodity. With
respect to the currency, he had last year voted with Ministers, be-
cause he thought the immense issues of paper from country hank-
ers would ruin the nation, unless they were speedily checked.—
(Cheers, ).—The misery which ensued to all classes from the failure
of these banks was as notorious as it was painful to contemplate;
and unlasa security were given for payment of their issuer), they
ought not to be permitted, It was possible that the steps already
taken in tint respect had been too precipitate, but the principle of
them was just and must be acted on. It might he necessary to
permit for 4 thins a raiser currency, on account of the difficulty
ref returning to one of specie immediately, but there was no
reason why security
,ought not in all cases to be given.—(Loud
applause.)—He hoped those topic' would be discussed with
the care and moderation their importance entitled them to.—
The landed and commercial interests were bound together by an
adamantine chain, and it was theheight of folly to believe that one
could prosper without the other. He cougratulated the free-
, holders that this contest had been carried on with the spirit of
Englishmen, but also with the feelings of gentlemen.—(Cheers.)
--s• There had not been iii Guildford any of the riots which had
disgraced other parts of the country. He promised that he would
do all in his power to execute the business of the county, and re-
gretted that his talents were not equal to his desire to serve them.
He concluded, amidst land applause, -by assuring the meeting' of
his everlasting gratitude.
Mr. Perim rea then presented himself. llis gratitude was
inexpressible. lie accepted the sacred stewardship they had con-
ferred on him, and would execute the duties which belonged to it
with pleasure and ..tvith pride —(Applause.)—He thought that
Mr. Leech was mistekeil when he said that a complaint was made
respecting the want of a day of nomination—at least he (Mr.
Pannier) haffnever eompleinesh It was true that in elections the
High-Sheriff's duty was only ministerial; be might refuse to call
a retesting far the purpose of nomination, but be never did so
It it were once coueeded that a duty of nomination was neees-
wary, it might be, its some instances, convenient, but it wasld also
he highly dangerous. What could prevent a new candidate offering
himself on the day of eleetion, in addition to those who bad been no-
minated 7 There was never an election at which there had been
Used surprise than this, and never one in which the public voice
was more freely heard.—(Cheers.)—A. contrary practice to that
which had been folloWed might have given rise to great dif-
ferences between electors, and to the exercise of a mischievous
influence on the part of some persons, which maw only he
eaudocive to disturbing the peace of,. the county. The pride and
pleasure be felt , was more on account of the electors than
himself. Ile hoped that svhnt they had here douse would set an
cgampla which would he followed throughout England. Istia
English lion had been rimed, and was triumphant.' Ile would
nFale d 'our in his future Parliamentary conduct to follow many of
those principles of the Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Denham) Which he
much admired. In stone othc.r.respects; he should imitate all that
was good, useful, and beneficial to the county in i the conduiti of
i
the late Member (lir. Sunnier), and to avoid t had
drawn Num him their displeaeurc. 110 trust also ban principles
Of his own. He was a firm adherent to the King, and had been
to from hie earliest Vearo patio)01 that t Monarch who vent
his bounty to whatever part of the country &sum. provesled
in; and lie expi eased, with all his heart, teat Ivrea precept,
which was enjoined lay the lioly Seriptures—" Grid eave the
king." The Magistracy of the county formed a most important
fest4r4 the constitution of this countrvi and he ehould be
4144 unite in their 'lido' labours. " he respected and ad-
mired the gentlemen attached to the party with which his Hon.
colleague acted. Lord Holland, Lord Grey, and Lord Lofts-

down were excellently qualified to hold the reins of govern-
ment if the country should need their services, and he rejoiced
that there were such men; but he did not scruple. to avow that
he was better satisfied with those who now held the goveinnient.
He pronounced.. a warm eulogium on the private virtues of Lord
Liverpool. It was a subject of congratulation, that the most
eloquent voice in Europe was raised for the relief and ameliora-
tion of the foreign subjects of this, country, and that another en-:,
lightened Member of the same Cabinet was employed in forirking
a clear code of laws, and simplifying all thatAiine had made ob.
score in our admirable system of jurisprudence. On the. Corn
Laws and the Currency he had only to say he. would 'Orly them
as well as he was able, and endeavour to snake his conduct
satisfactory to his constituents. lie concluded by praying that
Heaven might long preserve them and the constitution, the
chief principle of which they had this day established.—(Loud
applause).
The business of the Meeting was concluded by the elected Mem-
bers being girt with a spur, and carried on men's shoulders out of.
the Court-house. They were then mounted upon two cars pre-
pared for the purpose, and decorated with rihands and laurel leaves,
and in this state were paraded though the town.
After this ceremony was completed, each of the Candidates en-
tertained u large party of friends to dinner.

HUNTINGDON, MONDAY, JUNE 19.
The Snartisx, on opening the poll this morning, came forward,
and announced that he bad made a mistake in stating the numbers
on Saturday night, and that having since carefully examined the
poll books, he found them to be as under :
Mandeville - - 820
Russell 764.
• Fellowes . . 763
The Sitram, added, that the Inspectors appointed by Lord
John Russell had not gone through the poll book, but, should the
result of their scrutiny be the discovery of any further error, be
would immediately come forward and annomwe it.
It will be seen, on reference to the numbers I last transmitted
you as having been given by the Sheriff, and also to those after-
wards circulated by Lord John Russell, that both are widely dif-
ferent from what now is promulgated as the true state of the poll.
How these gross mistakes have originated; has not been explained.
The business throughout the morning has gone on very briskly,
though at the same time without any display of bad feelings en
the part of the mob who are congregated 'around the hustings:
The following four ptigilists are in the town--• Richmond,
Crawley; White-Headed Bob, and Young Burn. It is publicly
rumoured that they have been hired by the agent of one of the
Candidates, and that they are to receive 101. each -for coming
down : at present their services have not been put in requisition.
Much interest is excited by a fellow hired by Lord Mandeville
and Mr. Fellowes who is constantly par.ading the town, with a
dress which, including his stockings, hat, and shoes, is one half
side purple and the other scarlet ; even his face exhibits similar
party colours. He is accompanied by a group of boys, with their
faces daubed in the same way, and his Juiciness is ever and anon
to excite them to a loud shout of " Mandeville and Fellowes for
ever—hum !"
Lord Milton, Lord Cavendish, and Mr. Coke of Norfolk, were
all in this town on Saturday. They are at present most actively
engaged in stirring up the partisans of Lord John Russell, and it
is expected that in the course of the day they will each of them
bring in a strong muster of voters.
The following, among a mass of other placards referriag to the
Catholic Question, are to be seen in all parts of the town :

" A PROCLAMATION.,

" Whereas it it a well:l;i;ifittliat there are a considerable
number of perking in this kingdom who profess the religion of
Joanna Soutlieut. ;
" And whereas it is expedient, in these dark and ignorant
times, to put down all religions and sects whatever which are
not established by law, and to enforce pains, penalties, and dis-
abilities against them, lest they should get the upper hand and
persecute us. , .
" And whereas the good Lord Mandeville and Mr. Fellowes
intend next Session of Parliament to move for leave to bring in a
Bill, in which all the followers of the said Joanna Southcote, as
well as all Jumpers, ivill be persecuted, and properly kept down,
by the same penalties as are enforced against the Catholics of the
present time.
" Now, therefore, he it known to all freeholders, that Lord
John Ruswll look* with iin eye of compassion upon these deluded
creatures, and would have them free to exercise their opinions, and
be admitted to the same rights as the rest of their fellow4uhjects.
And, therefore, it' he is returned again to Parliament, the county
Will be ruined by the folinweroef the saitt.loatingt Southcote, who
are at this moment inleague with the Emplane of China to sink
us all, to the bottom of the sea,
By order of the ;tar Chamber,
" TITUS OATES."

The following is a republication of certain maxims put forth
by Lord John Russell, with queries to each of them by his oppo-
nents.

" ;Vo Popery—but emancipate the Catholics, that they may
not join with foreign Papists in time•of war."
Query--Is not this admitting that the Catholics are ripe for
rebellion if their claims are not granted ?"
" Church for ever, but emancipate the Catholics that they may
not help to pull it down."
" Query—Js not this admitting that they are willing to lend a
helping hand to pull it down ?"
" King for ever, hut emancipate the Catholics that they maybe-
come his loyal subjects, and have no cause for dissatisfaction."
" Query-0 May 'become :1 is not this admitting that they are
not loyal subjects now ?"
"Great Britain for ever, but emancipate the Catholics that they
may not put an end to its perpetuity."
"Query--Is not this admitting they are disposed to put an end
to its perpetuity ?"
There is also another placard silted " Betty Bigot," and ad-
dressed " To the Old Women of Huntingdon,' who are ironically
called upon to come forward awl vote against Leird Russell if they
wished to prevent the Papists from coining down upon them in a
idy and roasting and eating then) upon the Market-hill.
At twelve o'clock this day the numbers were as under :
Gross Poll. Palled this day.
1359 - - 39
SOS 40
779 - - 16

Mandeville
FeHowes
Russell
At a quarter, to two o'clock—
Mandeville 892 I Russell
Fellower 84£

OXFORD COUNTY, JUNE 19.—(From a Correspondent.)
The sense of the County of Oxford war manifested this day in
a decisive and extraordinary manner. The polling commenced
at ten o'clock, and after that hour, during the whole day, strings
of coaches, carriages, waggons, Ice. moved in columns up to the
hustings, filled with voters for Mr. Vane and Mr. Ashurst. The
multitude of voters who polled for these two Gentlemen is almost
inconceivable; and very few were polled for Mr. Stratton. When
the poll closed.at five o'clock it stood thus

Ashurst
Faite

1304 i Stratton
1238

1036

The announcement of this poll by the High Sheriff was received
with unbounded applause by the Freeholders, and Mr. Stratton
i►un►ediately afterwards resigned.
It is rather worthy of re►nark, that more than eight hundred
voters arrived in this city to-day, who had nut polled, and who
intended to !mil for Farce and Ashurst.—The chairing of Mr.
Fano and Mr. Aehurst takes place tomorrow.--(ibis Sisy.)

PRESTON, Jura 18.
Cohbett came down to the hustings yesterday evening just he-
fore the polling closed, and resumed his favourite system of buf-
foonery, jesting with the mob, and turning the other candidates
into ridicule by grimities and ludicrous gestures. Mr. Stanley
turned sway in silent scorn, while Captain Barrie, like a true
joke-loving sailor, laughed cordially at the mountebank tricks and
practical jests which were levelled against himself.
At five o'clock the pull was closed.
Mr. Stittley - - 945 I
Captain Barrie - - 586
Mr. Wood 538 Mr. Cohbett - 442
Coaaerr then addressed the mob.—" Gentlemen, I hold in
my hand two affidavits, sworn by two men, in which they state
they have been turned out of employment for having voted
_for
me, and a third from a man who says be hassuffered the mime pe,
nelty for not having voted for Capt. Barrie.—(Shame, shame. )
Now, Gentlemen, I assert, that not only the infliction of so, an
injury for a conscientious diseharge of their public duty, hut even
the threatening to inflict it, ii a crime in the eye of God and in the
eye of the law—(shouting).--and I promise you, if these affidavits
shall be confirmed by others, I shall apply to the Court of Kiugga
111:::yeuitier,Itt,e,:fionirscbreietlf:rtrieesots:feoor;
ttiihidioigostneli,i,:nfotihtve Iltaonldla,vaendbee ifn
therethus injured.helnni
slims
in law for those who would prevent others from voting according to
of your tyrants. —Or nreah, that punishment ahall fall on the heads
)—Can there be Mt aet (Amore odious ty-
only consider the injustice, tlil cruelty, vanity than this? 17°4 aupposie it was no crime in the eye of the law,
the barbarity, of compelling
you to vote for the election cif'believe not only
Juan, whom you
polite to serve, but calculated toinjurei your country ; and, if
°°° not vote for him, of redneinryourselves, your wives,
and your children to beggary.--ishoutmg.) Can there he any
tyranny greater than this? I my,
the Dey of Algiers is not
, guilty of greater. But for the encouragement of the poor mau

who may suffer from suck tyranny, I promise you I'll share my
last shilling with any man who shall receive injury for voting
for me. But do you stand firm; my friends, and defy your
tyrants, and they Must submit to you in the end. They must
give you work, I say, if not the loss will be their own; for,
if you should fail in procuring employment, Gentlemen, there
remains the land for your Support. Gentlemen, they cannot
hinder you front hieing relieved by the poor rates ; Gentlemen,
so don't be disheartened at my going away, my 'friends, for I
shall leave behind me a skilful person who Will bear your com-
- plaints, and take down your evider,:t, and send it to me in
London, and if I do not see justice dune to you, may I for ever
forfeit that which I prize most valuable in this world, your sup-
port and esteem.—(Tumultuous acclamations.)—You remember
a proclamation issued before the election, by young HorraCks, in
which he stated that he would not stand candidate, because he
understood that all your votes had been promised to others, and
be would not induce yon to break your promises. This was
before he knew you promised your votes to me. Yet this same
spark, the moment he learned that Captain Berrie had come
down, went round to all his workmen, and called upon them to
vote for Captain .Barrie, in violation of their promises to uw.
I charged him with it yesterday evening on the hustings here,
and he did not dare to deny it. Yet a paper of this town, the
Preston Chronicle, a paltry thing of ink and dirty paper, that
vile reptile, that lying sycophant of the press, says, that Hors
rocks denied the charge at the time.
The Editor of ronide,--1 repeat now, that
m lle 0
rr
odei
ksr
did
the
denyPitiLeso: t
Ititear%; bim
on this very spot.
Cottarrr.—That base thing added that Mr. Horrocks wished to
address you on the subject, but was prevented by his friends; and
very good friends of his they were that prevented him. It reminds
me of an epitaph composed for the tomb of an author, who had
written books against the doctrine of the resurrection—
Lie still it' you're wise,
You're if you rise.

(Uproarious laughter). So young liorrocks acted wisely in hold-
ing
his tongue; for if he had spoken he would have damned him-
self
out of his own mouth:.L--(Hotra).—Now, gentlemen, you
that are injured, you that Are turned out of work, gentlemen, fin•
giving your votes to me, coins you to me,. and I'll get redress for
you, if not to the utmost of my wish, to the utmost of my power.
If young Horrocks is here now, let him deny the charge—(From
the crowd "he denied it before")—let him speak now.—(A voice
from the crowd, "You know well he is not here.") No answer—
yoo see then, gentlemen, how it is. I have no more to say to you
at present. God bless you all,—(Huzza, hum,. Cobbett for ever
—Cobbett a plumper.)
Cobbett and his mob then left the hustings.
Ilaving'reported to you Cobbett's attack on the Editor of the
Preston Chronicle, I think it but justice to the latter to add the
real facts of the case. Cobbett, as you may remember, charged
Mr. Horroeks, on the hustings, on Friday evening, with having
compelled his workmen to vote for Captain Barrie, in violation to
their promises to Cubbett. Mr. Horrocks instantly denied the
charge, in the most distinct and indignant language, within my
hearing. Cobbett, on his return to his hotel, told his rabble
that Mr. Hounds did not deny the charge. The Preston C/u•on-
icle of Saturday states the fact of Horrocks having denied it; and
yet Cobbett attacks the Editor in the language I have reported to
you, well knowing that that gentleman is a Reformer• i►► politics
—an admirer of his (Cobbett's) talents—an approver of his poli-
tical opinions, and, on public grounds, a well-wisher to his
electioneering project ;yet such is the fury of this " fine animal's"
temper, such is his absolute destitution of principle, such his
want of common shame, that he falsely and busily attacks one of
his own political friends, merely because that public friend, act-
ing as an independent and impartial Journalist, contradicted one
of Cobbett's lies.

Having paraded the town in the evening, he harangued his mob
in the usual style frOm his hotel. Just before he commenced, a
Reporter from a London Paper, who has been in the habit of re-
porting, with scrupulous accuracy, all the stuff that Cobbett spoke
before the election, entered the room to report his speech of that
evening. The moment. Cobbett saw him, be turned on him in a
fury-4g You, Sir, you ; quit the room this moment ; I don't want
you here; I want to have nothing to do with the d—d lying
Morning Herald." The Reporter, of course, left the room, and
the readers of that tasteful journal have, in consequence, lost Mr.
Cohbett's ferocious eloquence of Saturday evening.
Cobbett's friends having reported that Mr. Brocolas, of Claugh-
ton-hall, a Catholic gentlempsof rank and fortune, had been in the
habit of entertaining Cobbett, that gentleman felt so hurt at the
imputation, that he came to Mr. Stanley, and solemnly denied that
he had had the slightest connexion or communication with Cobbett.
Cobbett has not thotiligthteaxchative of success.

DOVER; • Jura: 19.
Onr Election his finished this afternoon, after a very severe
struggle between Mr. Thomson and Mr. nalcoutb. At the final
close, the numbers were, for. _ _

1175
746
628
198

Wilbraham
Thomson
Holcomb
Butterworth
Finch
Kingsford
The two successful Candidates have' been ehaired.

CORNWALL.

On Thursday a county meeting was held at Bodmin,'to nom
nate two Members for the County of Cornwall. Mr. Tremayne
Watt put in nomination by Mr. Buller, seconded by the Rev. W.
Molesworth ; Sir R. Vyvyan, by the Right Hon. Pole Carew,
seconded by Mr. J. T. Corytom , Mr. Pendarves was then pro-
posed by Mr. W. Peter, and seconded by Mr. W. Rashleigh.
Mr. Peter said, that the present contest war in every respect the
most important, it was very evident. By it was to be decided whether
Cornwall was to rank as an independent county, or to sink into
a rotten borough, to be governed by a Thatched-house faction,
and have Representatives imposed on it by the aristocracy.—
(Loud cheering.)—When the late Mr. Gregor retired from Par-
liament, Mr. Tremayne succeeded him as a Tory Member; when
our late venerated Member, Sir William Lemon, died, the aristo-
crat!), resolved to place Sir Richard Vyvyars. as his successor ;
thus attempting to secure both Members, and bring the county to
the state of the borough of Truro, which quietly receives the
nominees of a Noble Lord ; or Michell, which is represented by
the nominee of the same Noble LA 1, and the nominee of an
Hon. Baronet ; with various otlita boroughs that might be
named.—(Cheers.)—This cannot be suffered by you, the inde-
pendent freeholders.—(No, no.)—When in London, he had often
been reproached with the venality of our boroughs. When asked
how this was, he has said, Cornwall disowns these Member* ;
they belong not to us. With respect to the absurd cry of " No
Popery," it reminded him of the delusion 'represented to haVe
been practised on an innocent girl by Ferdinand Count Fathom,
who being desirous to seducer her, gained access to her chamber
by frightening her with a supposed host. So the Hon. Baronet,
to seem his object, wished to terrify the freeholders with tales
about the Pope, whilst he laughed in his sleeve at their credo-
lity.-:-(Cheers.)—As to a design to establish Popery, it was ab-
surd in the, extreme to impute it to' any of the candidates. He
should detain them no longer,, but to recommend Mr. Pendarves
to them as a gentleman folly qualified to represent the county in
Parliament.—(Loud eheering.)
Mr. PeNnattVES was received with general and loud cheering.
He congratulated his brother freeholders that the time had at
length arrived when they had to exercise the most important pri-
vilege of Englishmen,—the choice of persons to represent them in
.Parliament. They were met to do their duty to their country and
themselves ; and he was well assured they would so perform it,
and not allow the aristocracy to dictate to them, by commanding
them not to reject him. (Cheers, and cries of " We will not.")
He felt deeply indebted to his honourable friends for the kind man-
ner in which they had spoken of him. They knew him, and he
believed they could trust him.—(Cheers.)—At the death of Sir
William Lemon` he seas called upon to offer himself for the county,
and he had taken some steps in consequence; hut the want of due
preparation, induced him to withdraw. This determination was
thought by many of his friends to be premature, and numbers
attended on the day of election, when they strongly expressed their
determination of proposing him and going to the poll. It was
with difficulty he prevailed on them to relinquish their purpose.
He assured them, that if then returned, he would immediately
pledgedats. elf them,
redeem vacate his seat by accepting the Chiltern Hundreds; hut he
thattha pledge, he at present etood beforet at the general election he would
cornstbr
w h
them, and placed himself in the hands of the freeholders.— (Loud
cheering.)-...A5 his opponents had made use of the Catholic ques-
tion as the chief ground of their hostility to
.hiit4 he should at
once touch upon it. That question had been properly stated-. by
the Hon. Baronet to be solely political, and as such he regarded it.
His habits of thinking and t;-'eliPg rendered him reluctant to de-
prive of civil rights any individual,- merely becanse he conscien-
tiously worshipped God in a form different from that which he
himself approved,-,-4Cheere.)--but still be would -never consent
to any memo* in favour of the Catholics, without what he con-
sidertsi sufficient security for the established elturch.—(Cheers.)
(Here a person who headed the hired gang brought from Lost-
withiel to cheer Sir Richaed Vyvvan slid interrupt Mr. Pen-
&ryes, began. vociferating " No Popery" so vehemently, that
Mr. Pendarvee, looking towards him, said he appeared to be
"No Popery" mad,—(Laughter.)—There was another subject to
which he should brief)talludes;--Negro Slavery. lie was an ene-
my to slavery in every form ; but he was not an advocate for the

immediate emancipation of the slaves in our West India colonies.
Respecting the Corn Laws, he would observe, that deriving all
his property from land, he could not hi supposed to design any
injury to the landed and agricultural interests.—lt was evident
that it was steady prices, rather than high prices, that were of
advantage to farmers. High prices might benefit the landlord,
but steady prices were to desired by the tenant. It was, however,
absurd to suppose any of the great interests of the country could
flourish independent of the others. The depressed state of busi-
ness of the fairs lately, showed plainly that agriculture must feel
the scarcity of money caused by the stagnation of trade ; whereas,
let trade and commerce flourish, and money will again flow into
our markets.—(Hear.) _
The Ilion SHERIFF proceeded to call for a show of hands;

the show for Mr. Treniayne was considerable; that for Sir
Richard Vyvyan was very scanty : the show for Mr. Pendarves
was immense, being at least thirty to one above that„for Sir
Richard. The High Sheriff announced that the choice of the
freeholders had fallen 6n Mr. Pendarves and Mr. Tremaple.—
The announcement was received with loud and long-continued
cheering.
Thanks were then voted to the High Sheriff for his able and
impartial conduct in the Chair, after which the Meeting was dis-
solved.

RFSIGNATION OF MR. TREMAYNE.—Each of the candidates
dined with his friends separately. Mr. Pendarves and his friends
occupied the long room at the hotel, which was crowded to ex-
cess. The usual loyal and patriotic toasts were drank, after which
Mr. Pendarves and other gentlemen present returned thanks, on
their healths being drank, and the utmost hilarity prevailed until
shout eight o'clock, when two gentlemen, friends of Mr. Tre-
mayne, entered the room, and announced his determination not to
go to the poll. The surprise and agitation caused by this an-
nouncement was very great. The freeholders, friends of Mr.
Pendarves, instantly surrounded the gentlemen, anxiously inquir-
ing if Mr. Tremayne had finally determined on the measure, or
whether any support the friends of Mr. Pendarves could con-
sistently afford would change his purpose. They were asiured
that Mr. Tremayne had fully resolved not to incur the expence of
a contest, and that all idea of going to the poll, under existing
circumstances, was abandoned by him. This, of course, closed all
further discussion.

We have just learned that Mr. John Gould intends to attend
the election at Loetwithiel on Tuesday, in order to propose Mr.
Tremayne, notwithstanding that gentleman's resignation, and that
he proposes to keep the poll open to the last hour.

NORTHAMPTON, JUNE lei.

The contest for the representation of this town is now drawing
nearly to a close; upwards of 1,700 voters have presented them-
selves at the hustings, and to-morrow, or Tuesday at farthest, is
expected to put an end to the confusion which has been displayed
during the week.
The polling has been carried on with amazing rapidity, which
will appear evident, when we state that in 1818 the poll lasted 13
days, and since that time nearly 700 additional votes had been
created, the whole of which will now be polled in seven days.
Sir ROBERT GUNNING, who is still very unwell, has said but
little, but he has been liberally supported by his friends.

A very serious disturbance had nearly taken place on Friday
evening. While Major Maherly was addressing the electors, some
one in the crowd threw a pebble at him, which fortunately did not
take effect, and the consequence was an immediate rush after the
miscreant who had thrown it, and who, making for the head-
quarters of Sir Rohert Gunning, the friends of Major Maherly fol-
lowed him, and, supposing him to be one of Sir Robert's friends,
made no ceremony in commencing an attack on the windows of the
George Inn, a great many of which were completely demolished.
Major Maherly, however, went to the scene of action, and, by his
endeavours, order was restored, without any serious personal in-
jury being sustained.
The contest lying between Sir R. GUnning and Major 11laberly,
but little notice is taken of Sir G. Robinson, whose return is cer-
tain, front many of the friends of the other parties dividing their
votes with him.

The following was the state of the poll last night:-.- '
Sir G. Robinson - - - - 1190
Major Moberly ' - - - - 1006
Sir R. Gunning - - - - 778
. _

Lord Viscount Aliborp and W. It. Cartwright, Esq. were on
Friday re-elected for the county without opposition, and were im-
diately after chaired round the town.
