'A

THE SUN, LONDON, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1835.

MEETING OF THE TRADES UNION.

'(Abridged from the Dublin llforming Register of
• • Wednesday.) •
Mr. O'CONNELL.
Yesterday a very numerously attended meeting of the
National Trades' Political Union was convened, at the spe-
cial request of Mr. O'Connell, by public advertisement, and
took place in the Old Catholic Chapel, Townsend-street.
J. MARTIN, Esq., having been called to the chair,
Mr. J. A. CURRAN rose and proposed a resolution to
the effect, that that Union should adjourn all further pe,.
litical meetings for twelve months, to prevent the possi-
bility of giving the present administration, in whom the
country confided, the slightest embarrasntent.
'Mr. MARTIN seconded the resolution.

Mr. DAUNT, in a long and luminous speech, laid bare
the sinister objects of the bigot mission, in which the Rev.
Messrs. O'Sullivan and M'Ghee have been figuring in Eng-
Scotland.

The resolution was then put and carried.
Mr. SELVIN proposed the next resolution, to the effect
that it was expected that the King would establish the
reign of true law, render justice impartially to all, put down
party spirit, and procuring and confirming for the people of
Ireland a perfect. equality of rights, franchises, priviliges,
and political advantages with our fellow-subjects in Great
Britain.

Mr. MARCUS Cost tr.Lo seconded it ; and in doing so
he said, that as the meeting was impatient to hear Mr.
O'Connell, he should not address them at any length. In
the course of this gentleman's speech, on the mention of
Lord Mulgrave's public conduct; Mr. O'Connell proposed
chet.,a for the Lord Lieutenant, which were promptly and
loudly gisgn. He then rose and spoke to the following
effect :
Mr. O'CoNsasLt,--," The country cannot enjoy 'me mo-
ment's peace or trairquillity until the Orange faction are
subdued by law. But we "apt no triumph over them ; we
merely want to obtain leave for them to go about their
business—to be left, in fact, as far as the country is con-
sit ;,tip .s milestones—( Hear and laughter)—just
as my trieno,
making a hard fight to he made mayor of that v;t:----a Post
by vviiich be would pocket,. probably, 1,54ri1. He has been
sent about his business, and for this, and many things• be-
sides, I beg leave to return rey thanks to our excellent
Lord Lieutenant.—(Loud &leers.) All the harm, then,
that I wish the Orangemen is, that they may have
plenty of leisure Pnd nothing to do, as Orangemen.—
(Loud laughter„) There is much to hope from the pre-
sent position of pulllic affairs. There is much also to re-
gret." After noticing the subdued tone of those corporato:,
that made such ferocious truculent harangues during the
administration of Lord Haddington, the Liberator said—
Passing from the whimpering corporators of Dublin, I have
the pleasure to tell you, that I looked with scrutinizing in-
quiry into the countenances and the eyes of the high-
minded people of England I had congregated about me in
thousands—the active, industrious, and intelligent operative
classes. In the morning they assembled in myriads, and
with tremendous voice reclaimed, " Ireland shall no longer
be oppressed."—(Cheers.) From the moment I set my
foot in Scotland I had the happiness to perceive the exis-
tence if possible of a still more cordial disposition towards
this unfortunate country, and oh ! never shall I forget the,
reception I met with in Scotland. Nothing remains to .be
effected, but to have Scotland, and Ireland and P,ngland
combined, in order to make oppression wither from the land
and procure for us the benefit of a real combination. I
vouched to the people of Scotland ftYr the performance
of your duty.—(Hear, hear, he•sa..) 'We neither seek for,
nor desire any insolent domination or triumph ; all we want
is fair play, which we never yet got. We never enjoyed
even the semblance of it, until the present Government was
formed in Ireland; until we had Lord Mulgrave for the
King's representative—(Cheers, and a voice in the crowd cried
out, one cheer more for Lord Mulgrave, to which the rest
of the meeting enthusiastically responded.) The forma'sion
of the present Govertnnent is really a new tera in Ireland.
The Orange factio,:i have talked and boasted much about
loyalty. Lclllll.y, forsooth ; if they Could they would
change tire succession to the throne.--(Loud cheers.)
They wnuld do so too in favour of the white-whiskered
Dukel of Cumberland because be is a bigot. Prince of the
blc,od he is, to be sure ; but, saving your presence, he is
at the same time a mighty great liar.—(Laughter.) He
said be knew nothing of the warrants for establishing
Orange districts in the army, although he was in the chair
at the meeting when 13 or 14 of them were issued. The
whole gang are one great companionship of liars. Then we
have Murtagh and his friend M'Ghee, two as great lis:es
as ever breathed, crusading it in England, and sent to
lie, from one end of it to the other, under pretence
of exposing some fellow called Peter Dens. What care
we for Peter Dens ? If they were to talk nonsense
until they were as black in the face as Murtagh is in
the heart, how does that connect us with Peter Dens ?
(Loud cheers)—Talking, however, of Orange loyalty, let
us never forget the bye-scheme to set aside the Princess
Victoria.—( Hear., hear.) Oh ! let them but dare to at-
tempt it.—(Lond and continued cheering.) I told the Duke
of Wellington there were a million of men in Ireland who
only wante?‘ leave to fight ; but if the Orangemen were to
attempt to distu,rb the succession, I am inclined to think
they would not wait to ask leave to fight.—(Vehement
cheeri:og.) What mere child's play it would be t& them to
fling the Orangemen—aye, and unharmed too—into tre
sea, if the traitors dared to openly attempt that which they
concocted in their foul and rebel hearts.—(Great cheering.)
And here, (by way of parenthesis), I would do justice to a
friend of mine, the Member for Kilkenny.--( Hear, and
cheers.) He has not, as yet, had the meed of approba-
tion of which he is so eminently deserving. It is true
he is my brother-in-law, but I will say, the people of Ire-
land are more indebted to him for the strong ire blow he
struck at Orancreistn, than to any other man for any other
single act.--( Hear.) I have told you the people of Eng-
land are with u3---the people of Scotland are with usand
we are, I may say, unanimous in Ireland. The quarrel that
existed between us when Lord Anglesey was here is at an
end. Ho was a good, but a weak man, who suffered him-
self to be flattered by Blackburne, whom he permitted to
counsel him in all matters.—(Hear.) Blackburne persuaded
him he was a liberal.—(Hear.) Only think of Blackburne
being a Liberal—(Laughter)—or of any man being per-
suaded he was such.—(Laughter.) The Whigs were
guilty, at that period, of various acts of oppression ; but
that may be attributed in a great degree to their having
Lord Stanley amongst them ; he was always an enemy of
yours. Peel, though he might have also appeared one,
only trafficked with you. He used us as a gamester uses
his cards and dice ; he would cog us.—(Laughter.) Stanley
hates Ireland, and we would have had a better chance,
even in the few concessions made to the British people, of
getting such a Reform Bill at the time of the passing of that
Act, but for his hostile interference. I had many inter-
views with the ministers of that day to induce them to ex-
tend a more liberal measnre of reform to Ireland than they
at first intended. We, did not get half the reform which
we ought to have arlieved.—(Hear.) And how are we to
deserve them ? 7-1:33, assisting his Majesty's ministers in the
registration, i' spite of the assistant barristers.( Hear.)
I hold in P:iy hand a list of nineteen different bills, which
went through the House of Commons, but were thrown
out by the Lords. If those bills had been passed, they
would have been of great value to England and Scotland,
but their importance to Ireland was enormous.—(Hear.)
Of what materials is that House composed ? Why,
som:e of its worst members are the squalid Irish nobi-
lity. There is, first, Lord Westmeath, who always
F.:mod as a stop-gap in the way of all improvement in
Ireland.—(Continued cries of " Hear.") And what think
you of Lord Londonderry ? Why the man is a downright
maniac. Then there is sampling, silly Lord Wicklow, and
Lord Limerick, with his starving tenantry at his back.
Such are some of the component parts of that house which
is backed and headed by the Duke of Wellington--a man
who was brought up amidst the hackney dregs of the Orange
faction at the Castle, who passed from that bot-bed of fac-
tious and sanguinary intolerance into public life, with all its
prejudices and narrow-mindedness inculcated upon ti'is
young mind, a fit receptacle for such doctrines.—
hear, hear.) He has been• raised by the
blood and
bravery of British soldiery to an elevation. to a height of
military dignity almost equal to that of napoleon, with this
difference—that the latter owed rise to individual merit,
while that of the former was 'in some degree the effect of
chance. He has attained an eminence from which the
stunted corporal, for wi:.och nature originally intended him,
must be astonished.. "to look. He is an. Irishman, too, but '
the only Irishr:Jan who ever denied or was ashamed of his
country ,—alear, hear, and loud cries of " Oh, oh.")
Until, the House, of which this man is the Leader, is
reformed, I have come to the conclusion, that no chance
remains of justice for Ireland.—(Hear.) I am for having
the principle of representation in the House of Lords.
The House of Commons is completely under the public
lash ; and if the Lords were equally responsible for their
conduct, they would be much better behaved with such a
stimulant.—(Laughter.) If the House of Commons give
me the stimulant, I'll engage it shall be applied.--(Hear,
and cheers.) The Hon. Gentleman then stated his plan
for reforming the Lords of misrule. Justice cannot be done
to Ireland, so long as the Lords remain in their present
position.—(Hear, hear.) I set about agitation for this pur-
pose. I am sure of the people of Ireland.--(Hear, hear,
and cheers.) I may say I am sure of Scotland, and the
northern parts of England. I will go on a similar mission
to the south of England, and entertain hopes of being
equally successful there,—(Cheers.) After the passing of
emancipation, I considered it would be a good step to
conciliate the people of Ireland, and succeeded with all
but the Orange faction.—(Hear, hear.) I -miscalcu-
lated upon the fellows. I spent five years endeavour-
ing to seduce them from their virulence, by taking oriy

part with the Ministry.—(Hear, hear.) I bless Heavci
I did spend five years in tho eXperintbnt.--L(Hear..) Why
taunt me with it now.. .4 A Voice Froffi the crowd cried out
Alderman Bradley King.) Oh; I must do him the justice to
say that thtre newer -.,tt was a man more truly grateful for
any service I ttlght have done him than Alderman King.
He has abjured Orangeism, and I wish the rest of them
would follow his example. However, I shade the experi-
ment fully, and found it in the end fruitless. If I had not
done so, they would now shout out, why did you not attempt
to conciliate us ? But mendacious as they are proverbialtyl
this would now be too great a lie even to yC corgetk by
O'Mulligan mid endorsed by MLGhee--(Ulcers and laugh-
ter)—and I now stand here, ana in the face of the Govern-
ment of England and the people of these couro,:i.jeg, pro.
claim that if religious dissension and animosity exist
here, t is they and they alone 'nave t)erpetuated and kept
i
it in existence.—(Cheers.) T tatV Ireland always treated
as a step-daughter to thO British Government. I saw no
prospect of betterin7, taer condition—forlorn, and miserable,
and destitute its it was ; I saw the Orange yeomanry armed
by the e.overnment, and I then called out for the repeal of
Union.—(Cheers.) When they bought me by the
I Reform Bill, I said I would again try what good might ac-
crue to Ireland from the working of that measure.—
(Hear, hear, hear.) In England and Scotland they told
me latelY that if justice was not done to Ireland, they
themselves would be equal advocates for the Repeal.—
(Loud cheers.) We must work cut the experiment ho-
nestly and fairly, and I call upon all friends of Reform to
assist me in making the trials If it should prove unavail-
ing—if there is no hope for Ireland from a foreign Legis-
lature, th;:n I *will again advocate the question of repeal,
which I have only placed in abeyance until the result of
Ole experiment be known and tried.----(Loud cheers.) A
great experiment has been made in England, upon which
I have looked with the firm eye of one who wants to get
some advantage for the- people of Ireland. The report of
the poor law commissioners is before us, awl though I have
not yet made up my mind as to the details, I am going to
it.—(Hear and cheers.) I want to show the Ministry that
Ireland is tranquil, and if the parsons dont disturb the
country, nothing, else will.—(Hear, hear.)- I wish I could
say the same of the vicinity of Dublin. There have been
outrages committed in this neighbourhood such as humanity
ought to blush at, and which make me feel ashanieit that I
was born an Irishman. I allude to thn occurrences which
took place at the Burial-r:lund. Would you wish- to
please the Orange factiiin ? If not, you must have no
illegal societies; 110 unlawful combinations, no ribbonmen,
nor oaths.—(Hear.) Some of the papers here at
hunt abuse me. The Times, too, which has now arrived
at the very acme of literary profligacy, has been shower-
ing its venal filth upon me. But it is falling gradually
into utter insignificance, and is like a tumbling sky-
rocket, with nothing but a bit of burnt stick to make
it formidable, and I am sure my head is sufficiently hard
to bear any blow that it can inflict. I am abused
too in all the papers of Louis Phillippe, the man who was
placed on his throne by the people. The American press
is also arrayed against me, because I am against slavery in
any shape. What do I care whether a man calls himself
democrat or autocrat ; whether like the Russian Emperor,
he sends forth his edict, ordering the slaughter of thousands
by the sword, or like the American, contributes no less to
the sanguinary end of his fellow-men, through the galling
miseries of slavery.—(Cheers.) The democrat is the worst
of the two, because perjury is joined to the tyranny of him
who swears that all men were born equal. I tell them from
this that if any American, who is a siaveholder, should come
into my presence, and I am aware of the fact of his being
so, I would as soon hold intercourse or communication with
a pickpocket or a thief as with him. When Mr. O'Connell
sat down the cheering continued several minutes.
The resolution passed unanimously.
Mr. A. SETON proposed the third resolution, which
having been seconded by Mr. ATKINS, was adopted.
Mr. LAWLESS proposed the next resolution, and took
occasion to eulogise the people of Scotland for the cordial
reception they had given Mr. O'Connell.

The motion having been seconded by Mr. HOLMES,
passed unanimously, and some other resolutions. The
meeting then separated.

SPAIN.

From the Madrid papers received to the 29th of Sep-
tember :—" The Government of her Majesty is continually
receiving noble and loyal manifestations, evincing the ex-
cellent spirit which animates the inhabitants of Madrid, the
worthy Urban Militia, the gallant Royal Guard, and the
other troops of this firm and determined garrison. No
earthly power could withstand the union and co-operation
of so many hearts and hands,, interested not only in the
well-being of the State, but in the preservation of their
homes and property, which are always exposed whenever
the public tranquillity is disturbed. These numerous and
dear interests will never be left undefended ; and the Go-
vernment confidently trusts that if, unfortunately, public
order should be disturbed, and the throne and liberty
threatened, one single hour will suffice to display the im-
mense resources available for the salvation of the country.
Power is invincible, when it is based on the support of the
people.—Madrid Gazette, of the 26th .ult.
" The Junta of Galicia has deserved well of the Throne
and the country. As soon as they perceived the object of
their desires attained, both their feelings andianguage were
identified with the Government, and they renounced their
title and authority. This instance of patriotism and mo-
deration will not be thrown away, for it will be imitated by
all the other Juntas, the chief motive of whose action was
the public good. The salvation of the country depends•on
the reconciliation of good Spaniards and on the unity, of
the Government, without which, indeed, it is impossible to
impart an efficient impulse to the national prosperity,conso-
lidate public credit, or provide the necessary resources for
the speedy and complete triumph of our sacred cause.
Honour to the members of the Junta of Corunna, who
have known how to appreciate the exigencies of the times,
and after being assured of liberty, have manifested the
noblest confidence in the Government, which is charged with
the maintenance of the dearest interests of the country.—
Ibid of the 27th.

" According to the Diario Mercantil of the 21st inst.,
published at Cadiz, „the Military Governor and President
of the governing Junta of that city received, on the night
of the 20th, after the commencement of the opera, a con-
fidential communication from the Most Excellent Senor
Don Juan Alvarez y Mendizabal, in which the Minister
gives a sketch of the line of conduct which he proposes to
follow, and which he believes to be the only course which
can save the country, if its true friends will only unite and
afford their support to the Government ; but,' be adds,
if this should not be the case, I shall have the grief of
seeing my good intentions frustrated, though the consola-
tion will remain to me of having fulfilled the duties which
my situation imposes on me.'
" This document was read in the theatre, and its con-
tents were received with applause, and with shouts of Li-
berty,' and Isabel 11.,' and Riego's Hymn, which was
then sung, served to redouble the acclamations and ap-
plause."—Revista.
" Field-Marshal Don Jose Castellar, in command in the
interior of Catalonia, wrote on the 23d instant to his Ex-
cellency the Minister at War in the following terms :
" Excellent Sir,—On the 20th current I received the
Royal order which your Excellency was pleased to commu-
nicate to me op the 15th, enclosing copies of the Extraor-
dinary Gazette, containing the announcement of the nomi-
nations to the new Ministry. I deem it my duty to inform
your Excellency that I have freely circulated copies of the
document to the Governor and the other authorities; and
inculcated the maxims and ideas contained in, tiat Royal
order, as the means of fulfilling the benenatent intentions of
her Majesty, and establishing pcoyee, order, and obedience,
without which the legalrty,desired by the Spaniards
under the auspices of the throne of our amiable Queen
Donna Isabel 11., and her august mother, the Queen-Re-
gent, can r
..ever be obtained.' "—Madrid Gazette.
Abeja of to-day is loud in its protests against the
r7alling of Constituent Cortes,' pretending to prove that
such a measure exposes the country to very serious dangers,
whilst the existing institutions offer easy and pacific means
of improvement. It ought not, however, to be overlooked
that the Abeja afterwards objects to the proposition that
the Government should alter the electoral law, because by
doing so it would assume a dictatorial character. We will
only make one reflection on these doctrines of the Abeja.
Who granted the existing institutions? Who gave exist-
ence to that which the Abeja calls the electoral law ? Ac-
cording to what the Abeja has already said it must answer a
Dictator. Who made the electoral law at the epoch of the
constitution ? The nation assembled in Cortes ; and which
would be worst—that the Government should convoke the
real representatives of the population to deliberate, or that
the Government alone should first deliberate; and afterwards
convoke the Cortes, to adopt what the Government had
before resolved upon ?
" If the present Ministers intend to follow the example
of Martinez de la Rosa, such a course as this would be very
appropriate ; but as the nation desires to be constitutionally
organized, and as the Government of the day cannot conceal
from itself this fact, it must of necessity advance beyond
mere concessions, and enter into the consideration of reci-
procal rights.

" To-day's Revista contains various reflections respecting
the non-admission of General Alava as President of the
Council, and respecting the expediency of his Excellency
categorically declaring whether or not he adheres to the
political programme of his colleagues, in taking possession
of one of the principal Secretaryships of State. We en-
tertain the same ideas on this subject to the full extent
stated by our contemporary, but we think the fact of his
accepting office (the PresidenTy of the Council being ceded
to the author of the programme) is a sufficient declaration
that he adopts the avowed policy of the Ministry. What

was essential was, that the chief of the Cabinet should make
his profession of faith. That has been done by Senor
Mendizabal, who at the time was the soul of the Ministry at
its formation, and who may with greater reason be said
still so to be, as he is, its President."— co del Commercio.
On the arrival at Barcelona of the circular of the Mi-
nister of the Interior; dated the 18th of September, the
Junta lost no time in publishing and transmitting it to all the
ailthot ities of the province, as also the news, which could
only uc officially known by cor.Rdential letters; ap_
'pointment of General
Captains-General of Catalonia and Arraleti,,,,,fibi's Which
7ouke de Sar as
agogsa
was
irce.':ived with the ertattg joy and enthusiasm, as pre-
cursve of a speedy reconciliation between all good Spaniards,
and as the commencement of the fulfillment of the pro-
gramme of the 14th of September."—Madrid Gazette.

• PRICE OF STOCK) TiltS DAY AT JNE O'CLOCK.
Back Stock --.1 India 5teck........ 252% 3
3 p.ir Cent. It e,l .. .........
3 per Cont. Con, 00;74 5,.% S .iuth Sea St.., --
3% iicr Cent — Ohl Annuities
Dit.ii !Zed.
New :u,.; per cent .. 9 A, 9 3 per Cent. Annuities, 1151...
New 5 per Cent — Exch. Bills, X.1,1V l4 :6 Inn
Baaik Long Annuities to expire Ditto NM - • 14 16 pm.
Jan. 5, ISO, — Ditto Small
o,:t. In, lain — Ditto Commercial.— — pm.
Jan. 5, isno — Ditto Advertised — —l'f"
Jan. 5, IWO — Rank Stock for Account. . ..... 212
Apr.l 5,185 n — India Stock for Amami'
Jan. 5, 187" — Consols for Account ............ 9071,743
0111IliTIM

PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS
Austrian Bonds
Belgian Bonds

THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Peruvian Bonds
•
Dino Account ....
Portuguese Bonds 86%14
Ditto Am-mitt
Ditto New Bonds B7
Ditto Account
Prussian Buntl'
Ditt.i; Minds, IK.).
Russian Bonds, Is 2, .. 10714 63i
Ditto Account
Ditto Metallic
Spanish Minds 4,10i 334 4
Ditto Account 4lW,i 34.4 4 %
Ditto Bends, MI 41% 1
Ditto Account
French, 5 per cent—, —f: —c.
4 per cent. ' —f. —c.
3 per cent. —f. —r.
Exchange —f. —c.
Dutch, 2Y4 per cent. 5.11,40Ai
Ditto Account
Ditto, 5 per cent
Ditto Account

Ditto Accon:lt.
Brazilian Bonds

Ditto A ccou n t —l
Buenos Ayres Bonds
Ditto Ac:.•bitnt
Ch:llian Bonds
Ditto Accomit
Columbian Itornh.•
Ditto fitcoirnt
Ciitninbian Routh, '1 331,4
I)itto Acco:iiit
Dinish Bonds
I)itto Account
Greek Borah,..
Ditto nOilth, Vt2J ....ss.
Ditto Account
hiciticrut 1301105, 5 per cent —
Ditto Account
t per cent.
Diu-, Account
Nca:iolitan

PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Paid. Per Share.
5
20
50
51k,

Albion Copper Mining comp tny
Brazilian Imperial Mining Co. (issued at 51. pm.)
Ditto Macanbas Cocae
British Iron Company
Mexican Mining Company
Great Western Railway Company
London and Greenwich Railway Company

PRICES OF IRISH STOC
3 urCent. Consols 90%

Ditto Reduced ,-
3!•:, per Cent. Stock 98%
Ditto New, 1830 93%
314 per Cent. Debentures 9l 1/4
Bank Stock 2231/4
Royal Canal Stock 39
Grand Canal Stock 2014

MAILS.

27 6,;3

Arrived. Due. Arriveri:---- Due. Arrived. Due.
0 America 0 1 France 0 0 Lisbon 0
0 Brazil 0 0 Ouern.&Jersay 0 0 Malta 0
0 Buenos Ayres... 0 0 Hamburg 0 0 Mexico 0
0 Carthagcna 0 0 Holland
I Dublin 0 0 Jamaica 0 . o,,Swedeii 0
1 Flanders 0 0 Leeward Islands 0 I Waterford 0

HIGH % ATER AT LONDON BUDGE TOMORROW.
Morning 57 minutes after 3. I Evening 12 mkutcs after 4

THEATRE ROYAL, DRURY-LANE.
THIS EVENING will be performed the Play of
PIZARRO.

olla, Mr. Vandenhoff; Alonzo, Mr. Piaarro, Mr. Diddear.

Cora, Mrs. Sloman ; lillvira, Mrs. Faucit,
To conclude with—DEß FREISCHUTZ.

Adolph, Mr. Templeton; Caspar, Mr. Bedford; Kilian, Mr. Duruset.

Linda, Miss Fortie ; Rose, Miss H. Cawse.
Stage Manager, Mr. Cooper--Acting Manager, Mr. Yates.

The Boi.office is open daily, under the direction of Mr. Parsons, of
whom Private and Family Boxes, Stalls, and Places may be obtained.
Boxes, 7s. ; Second Price, 3s. 6d.—Pit, 35. 6d. ; Second Price, 2.1. ;
Gallery, 2s. ; Second Price, ls..—Upper Gallery, Is. ; Second Price, 6d.
To-morrow, The Winter's Tale, with Mr. and Mrs. Pringle, and The
Beggar's Opera.

The publication of Tfis SUN NEWSPAPER commenced this day
at 10 minutes past 3 o'clock.

A small knot of Conservative Tories, calling them-
selves the Worcestershire Conservative Association,
met the other day at the George Inn and Foley Arms,
Droitwich, for the purpose of congzatulating one ano-
ther on the brilliant prospects which are opening on
the good old cause of corruption. In the list of
Worthies who figured on this memorable occasion, and
whose names are blazoned in the Morning Post, we
find the usual proportion of SMITHS and BitowNs:
There is also the Reverend This, That, and the other,
but we cannot find the name of any individual of
whom we ever heard before, if we except that
of a Mr. J. S. PAKINGTON, who, we believe,
is the person that had the assurance to offer
himself for the County at the last election, and the
mortification to find his offer rejected with con-
tempt. This Gentleman was very appropriately placed
in the chair, and drivelled out more Conservative
twaddle, than some even of such a company could stand.

There happened, by some extraordinary chance
which has not yet been explained, to be of the party a
Tory with a conscience, who could not sit still and
hear even his enemies calumniated and reviled, with-
out putting in a word in their behalf. When, there-
fore, the Chairman, smarting no doubt under a
sense of the defeat which he had sustained at the
hands of the Reformers, indulged in some very dull
though sufficiently malignant remarks against his po-
litical opponents, with regard to their conduct in ob-
jectirig to so many Tory voters at the Registration,
Mr. JONES, the person to whom we have alluded,
flatly contradicted him. With a feeling of inte-
grity and uprightness which we have never seen
surpassed by a ConServative, and which is therefore
the more honourable to Mr. JONES, that gentleman,
who is Chairman of a district Committee, felt bound
to declare that in his district not a single vexatious ob-
jection had been made by the Reformers.'
Can the same assertion be made with respect to the
Tories. We know it cannot—with truth. That it
will be dinned in our ears in spite of the strongest
proof to the contrary, we have not the least doubt.
The Tories never hesitate to give themselves a false
character, and their public organs are always prepared
to support, through thick and thin, every falsehood that
they think can keep up the credit of thelnarty of which
they are the tools. But they can only at':ceive each
other by such. an unprincipled and short-siobtect .expe-
client. The public do. not look to the tory
Journals for facts—they put no faith whatever in
any statements corning from such a quarter ; and as to
the registration, we have no doubt that, for one vexa-
tious objection made by the Reformers, ten have

been started by the Tories. The same want of prin-
ciple has been exhibited in putting forward their
own claims to be admitted on the register. In the
East Riding of Yorkshire, for example, we find no
fewer than 2,000 of these spurious claims swept away
at one blow.

T.,
-•• ""....,ing to tin. wire' w stia gica.---
impottande of cfecting d tie* ligfborit at (xraiitoii,
hitt) which tiid safely tide at
all seasons, it is important that we should notie6 ilti
announcement in the Edinburgh Advertiser, stating
that the nuke of nuCCLEUGH has alteatly giVeti clifeg‘
tions for the erection of a small harbour capable of ac-
commodating steam packets. We are confident that his
Grace is solely influenced by a patriotic desire to advance
the commercial interests of his native county, and there-
fore we consider it of the -utmost consequence, that he
should be impressed with the conviction, that it would be
better to leave the work altogether undone than to
leave any essential part of it unfinished. Scotland is
in no want of insecure half-harbours along that
coast. What she .requires is a harbour capable of af-
-Fording ample accommodation for vessels of every size,
and which may be safely entered in all weathers,
and at low water. Now that the erection of a harbour at
Granton is resolved upon, it is the duty of every man
who wishes to advance the manufacturing and com-
mercial interests of Scotland, to insist that it shall be
rendered efficient for all commercial purposes—as-
suming that the country is destined to carry on ten
times the trade which it does at present. In fact,
the only justification which the nation at large can
offer for sacrificing, to a great extent, the interests of
the inhabitants of Leith, must be derived from the
immense superiority of the new harbour at Granton
over the harbour at Leith—not merely as regards
certain individuals, but the great bulk of the people of
Scotland.

' mmcrcia]

However, we consider it unnecessary to insist strongly
upon this point, as our reasons against the erection of
an imperfect harbour are such as must naturally sug-
gest themselves to every merchant in Edinburgh. The
determination of the Duke of BUCCLEUGH to carry
on the work, likewise renders it useless for us to take
any particular notice of the conflicting statements in
the reports made by the several engineers who surveyed
the coast, as we proposed to do in our article of yester
terday. The great national and local advantages of an
efficient harbour at Granton are allowed by all impar-
tial authorities on the question. The Bay at Granton
is more spacious and sheltered than at any other point
along the entire coast. It is equally near Edinburgh
with Leith. It offers the greatest facilities for passing
and repassing the Frith of Forth, to and from Burnt-
island. It is more sheltered from the winds ; and ves-
sels may enter it more securely in stormy weather
than either Leith or Trinity. The water too is
nearly double the depth at Granton which it is within
a convenient distance at Leith or Trinity. Besides,
there is no fear of its mouth being everlastingly choked
up with banks of moving sand, which sometimes so
accumulate at the entrance of Leith Harbour, that
vessels of moderate burden are under the ne-
cessity of unlading, before they can approach it
with safety. This is very important. No class
of men know better than do merchants the
risk and heavy expense attendant upon unlading a
cargo under such circumstances. If the commodities
be of a perishable nature, the profits of the whole
voyage may be lost by brine and breakage. Under
the most favourable circumstances of weather and
coast, the unlading of a heavy cargo at sea is
ruinously expensive.
There is another very great advantage which will
follow the building of a good harbour at Granton.
The mails will reach the Western Highlands of
Scotland at least a day earlier than they do now.
We trust that we are writing for a people who require
not to be told, that this in itself ought to outweigh
half the arguments which are put forward by interested
parties, against the spirited prosecution of this great
national undertaking.
While we are fully prepared to allow the greatest
praise to the Duke of BUCCLEUGH, for his munificent
offer to advance a capital adequate to the erection of
so great a work ; and while we are equally disposed
to laud the exertions of that excellent body—the
Steam Navigation Company—who have undertaken to
carry it on, we cannot omit the expression of a hope
that every step will be taken—every effort will be
made—everything will be done, to alleviate th e
sufferings which the inhabitants of Leith are likely
to sustain from the establishment of a harbour at
Granton. A nation has it always in its power to
prevent the sacrifice of individual interests, even
where they are said to be made yield to public good.
It is not a consequence of justice being done
to all that any part should suffer, even where
such part appears the sole obstacle to its
accomplishment. Partial evil is not at all necessary
to the production of universal good. As far as justice
is concerned, the public has no more right to deprive
individuals of claims founded in equity, than indivi-
duals have to prey upon the public. Now the inha-
bitants of Leith have undoubtedly claims which the
nation is bound to respect ; and we sincerely trust that
a proper regard will be paid to them. We shall return
to this subject.

The whole of the Paris papers of Wednesday have
been received. The following article from the Moni-
teur contains the only intelligence from Spain con-
tained in these Journals. They have no domestic

news worth giving :
" It appears by letters from Perpignan, that the communi-
cations with Barcelona, Girona, and Figueiras are becoming
more difficult. The diligence is no longer on the road, and
that which travels between Barcelona and Perpignan has been
searched by the Carlists, but was suffered to continue its jour-
ney. They appear to be passing by Figuciras, and to be
marching towards Rosas.
" In letters from St. Sebastian of the 2d, it is stated that
a serious affair had taken place at Villarcajo, and that the
Carlists bad been completely beaten, and had experienced
considerable loss. More ample details are expected.
On the evening of the 22d an extraordinary courier ar-
rived at Barcelona from Madrid, with a despatch from the
Minister of the Interior, in which the Captain-General was
informed that the Queen was about to take into consideration
the representations which had been addressed to her Majesty.
This intelligence gave rise to the most satisfactory demonstra-
tions, and many of the houses were illuminated. Some of the
most dangerous of the agitators were arrested, and the Urban
Militia declared themselves energetically in favour of a return
to public order. There is now room to hope that tranquillity
will no longer be disturbed with impunity. A bulletin of
General Pastor gives various details of his operations, and the
foreign legion is mentioned in it with praise.
At Valencia a reaction has taken place in favour of public
order still more complete than that of Barcelona. The
Captain General has resumed his functions, and the Junta
de Gobierno no longer exists. The management of the
affairs of the city is again in the hands of the municipal
body, and 25 of the most conspicuous agitators have been
arrested, tried, and carried down to the harbour with d view
to their being transported to the Philippine Isles. The Queen's
Lieutenant, who was one of the prisoners, has been sent to
Carthagena. Intimidated by these energetic measures, the
populace no longer stirs."
FRENCH FUNDS.—Pmets, OCTOBER 7.
Five per Cents., 198 f. 45c. 50c. 40c. 35c.
Four per Cents.. 2Sf. 90c.
Three per Cents., 81f. 85e. 80c. 75c. Sec.
Rank Actions, 2,125 f.
Rente de Naples, 99e sc. 10c. Ise. 20c.
Roman Five per Cents., 103 102%.
!lento Perpet. d'Espagne, 1 ive per Cents., 33}4.
Rente d'Espagne, Three per Cents., 20%.
Rovai Spanish Loan, 33% 31 33%.
Rente Perpetuelle d'Espagne, 33%54 33 33% %!.2.
Belgian Loan, Five per Cents, 101%.
Portuguese Loan, Five per Cents., 8914.
Dutch Two and a Half per Cents., 55f. 50e.
Ilartian Loan, 345 f.
EXCHANGR ON LONDON.
One month, paper, —f. —c. ; money, 25f 50c
'Dime months, paper, 15f. 35c. ; money,:
tr. rs Authentroue.

'runs o'CLocx.—The jobbers at Tortoni's have
ner Cents. up to 82f. 5c., and this only on
- the sth ; at the Bourse, however, a
ner Cents. and Five per Cents.,

itsg, -
pushed the Throt
the price of Console
quantity of Renter, Thee.

were brought to the ifiafko; anti the Three per Cents. re-
ceded to 81f. 85c., at which price they i':4:to.!nsd steady m 63
part of the clay. Spanish stock has been less in 'demand, but
if any business had been done, the prices would have bccn
lower than tlid present qudtationli
Qthtlerttit TO POith,-,--triite per Cents., 108 f. 45c. ; Three.
per Cents.' 81f. 85c. ; Five per Cents. Spanish, 334; Three
rer Cents.Smiish; 201.' Cortes, 33.1 noupons, 181 ; Gueb-
hatch, 681; biftro, New Loan; 41 ; Actives, 4111 ;
Passives, 12A-; Ducats, 99 25 ; Roman;, 1921 Pedros, 89+;
Belgians, to;;; Dutch; 5550 ; Haytians, —f.
lirabint ) Belgian Bank, 101.

• - .
VIENNA, SEPT. "2(3.--b pat liletalligtes, 102 1-16; 4 per
Cents,, 99 ; Bank Shares, I,33s.—Allgam,ine Zeilung, Oct. 4.
BRiIOJAN FUNDS.—Baussus, Oct
Actual Debt, ‘A ,
Iwthscbild's Loan, Five per Cent
Loan of City, 1832, Four Per Cent.
Meity of Ctinmeree, Four and a Halt per Cent l3B
ILIA of Peigitirrt, Five per Cen! llO
—Brussels Papers, Oct. 8.

Madrid Papers to the 30th ult. have been received,
from which extracts will be found in another column.
Their general tone is highly favourable to MENDIZA-
BAL's Government.

The details of the splendid reception of the Earl of
DURHAM at Constantinople, will be found in a letter
addressed to a Morning Contemporary, which will be
found in another part of Tice sun. The conduct
ascribeU to the Noble Earl on that occasion, was
woithy of his mission and of the country.

.. . .
. ' , .2 ..)..... , .
.........
Per's° Zr
f 2 11 At 41-':ZI*4 un+

LONDON,
FRIDAY EVENING. OCTOBER 9, 1835.
