(T 6 c

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, AUGUST 24, 1836

The Tory Journals arc harping on the KI NO'S
Speech with indefatigable perseverance. Day aftei
day it sets them cackling, and for no other purpose,
it would seem, than to show the public that they are
of the cackling species. Never was there a speech so
" unsatisfactory," so 44 unlike what a speech ought to.
be." In no one respect does it square with their no-
tions of propriety. It is deficient in length, breadth,
and thickness, and, worst of all, not one of the angles
at the four corners is a rigbt angle. Such, or nearly
such, is their mode of criticism.

Keeping every other circumstance out of view, the
mere fact that the Royal Speech is unpalatable to the
faction, which is opposed to every thing in the shape of
social improvement, is to us a strong a priori argu-
ment in its favour. I-Tad it met with praise or appro-
bation—had it even escaped censure from the hireling
organs of that base faction--that would have been truly
discreditable to the Melbourne Administration—that
would have been mortifying indeed to the friends of
Reform.

What can be more natural, what more completely
in character, than that the least allusion to Ire-
land should put the 'forks in a rage ? His MA-
J ESTY expresses his lively gratification at the tranquil-
lity which prevails, and the diminution of crime which
has lately taken place in that part of the United
Kingdom. Now this is a source of heartfelt satisfac-
tion to every person of sound mind and honest heart
throughout the British Empire—we might say
throughout the civilized world ; but could anything
have been more grating to Tory ears, or more gall-
ing to Tory feelings, than such an allusion ? Im-
possible. It was a reproach, though tacit, tenfold
more severe than any direct rebuke' to the refractory
Lords—even had it been consistent with constitutional
usage, and not beneath the dignity of Ministers to
administer such a rebuke—could have been. It held
up before them a glass in which they saw their own
deformity. It reminded them that the main object of
their criminal policy had not only wholly and entirely
failed, but that that unnatural and inhuman policy had
produced effects directly opposite co those which they
intended. Their aim has been by injuring, insulting,
and exasperating the Irish, to excite that noble and
keenly susceptible people to violent and illegal courses
—to goad theM on, if possible, to the commission of
crime. And how have the succeeded? Let the state
of Ireland answer. By the wise and conciliatory po-
licy of Lord MULGRAVE the people of Ireland have
learnt two most important truths—namely, that the
MELBOURNE Administration have their interests

&incerely and anxiously at heart—are their truest
and best friends—and that the Tory party, par-
ticularly the Tory party in the House of Lords, are
their bitterest enemies. Impressed with this convic-
tion, confident that it is, for the first time these seven
hundred years, the earnest desire of the Government to
do justice to Ireland, the people of that country have
shown that they can appreciate kindness in their
rulers ; and that they are not the lawless savages
which the Tories, in order to justify their cruel oppres-
sion, have always represented them to be. Ireland is tran-
quil, and crime, which Tory misrule occasioned,
and Tory gold often fomented, has become more rare
than in England, with all its boasted civilization.
Such being the state of things—the tables being
so entirely turned upon the would-be disturbers of Ire-
land—can we wonder that they do not relish the part of
the KING'S Speech which touches them so neatly ?
Does not the poor donkey wince when he. is tickled
on the raw ?

When we say that Ireland is tranquil, let us not
b 3 misunderstood—we mean that the people are obe-
dient to the laws. That they should be tranquil, in
the sense that the slaves of the Tory press would
fain put upon that term, would not only not be merito-
rious, but would prove that they were themselves fitted
for slavery. By obedience to the laws, the Irish people
give the lie direct to the scampish lordling who has
with others of the same kidney, denied them justice on
the ground of their barbarism. But while they obey
the laws, is it necessary that they should submit
in silence, or in apathy, to the outrages and
insults of a worthless Minion of faction, and
the equally worthless crew who follow in his wake ?
GOD forbid I The Irishman who acts thus pro-.
claims himself not , only " an alien " of the very
worst description, but degraded below the feelings and
level of humanity. No, the Irish arc determined
to redress their own wrongs, and to work out their own
salvation ; but they will do it peaceably. There is
ample room for the exertion of every energy useful to
their cause, without breaking a single law. Union—
union founded on unanimity among seven millions of
men is an instrument of irresistible force. Let Ireland
bring this weapon to bear on the degenerate peerage of
England, and her cause is won. Let the Tories too
recollect, when they prate about the apparent contra-
diction between tranquillity and agitation, that Ireland
was never so tranquil as at the moment when the Ca-
tholic Association arrayed itself against the Govern-
ment, and compelled the Duke of WELLINGTON and
Sir ROBERT PEEL to surrender at discretion.

The people of Ireland were led on to that glorious
victory by a great man, who has since become the
greatest man of his time. They are again mustering
under his banner—the SUN-BURST of green Erin—
and they will again be victorious.

We direct particular attention to the opportune ex-
posure of " Gentlemen connected with the Press " at
Liverpool, and which posts the Marquis of SALIS-
BURY as a " founder" and leading proprietor of the
Liverpool Standard ! Verily, our Noble Peers—
Proteus-like—are now and then discovered in very
common situations. Here is detected a Tory Lord, in
partnership with a clique of Liverpool Commoners and
Members of the Lower House of Parliament, share-
holders in a libelling local print, for years hid behind
a screen, all of a sudden dragged before the public, and
placed in the pillory of publicity l A family quarrel
in the divan has fortunately led to the discovery. We
doubt not that it is extremely unpleasant to " Gentle-
men who, for three years, have denied their adulterous
connection with the Press. Mr. ALEXANDER has,
however, made some atonement for having been so long
the cat's-paw of these " Gentlemen " in ambush. A
panic seems to have seized the culprits, and lawyers'
threats have been in vain resorted to for the purpose of
averting the exposure. We trust, however, that the
so long libelled and calumniated Reformers of Liver-
pool will follow up the chase, and dig out every fox
from his earth—

" Charge, charge their ground the faint Taxallans yield ;
Bold in close ambush—faint in open field 1"

Truly, after the Lords' discussions on the News-
paper Stamp Bill, during the present month, this
Liverpool blowing-up of a hornet's nest is not a little
edifying. It would appear that the LYNDHURST
Lords have good reasons for jealously watching over
legislation on the Press. Lord SALISBURY, we see
by the papers, is grouse-shooting. When he receives
the Liverpool Chronicle on the moors, his diversion
will doubtless be sharpened by this sport of his Liver-
pool confederates. We do not doubt that the Noble
Marquis will promptly disclaim all participation in
the base system of calumny which has stained the
pages of the provincial Standard, although as a share-
holder he may be culpable in not having sooner " cut
the connection." We wait the denouement. The Li—
verpool Tories appear to be in a galloping consump-
tion, and Lord SA NDON in a political atrophy. The
Town Hall stormed by the new municipal constitu-
ency—a liberal local Magistracy—the Dock Trust
transferred to the Reformed Corporation—the Tory
scribblers and slanderers " unkennelled ;" truly the
Liverpool Tories are to be pitied, but not by us

We see by some of the Papers, that the Tories at-
tempted to get up what they call a Conservative
Operative Dinner at Manchester, on Monday last.
The thing was a miserable failure, as might have been
expected. All of the really working class that the
influence of the most rabid of the Tory masters could
by intimidation and other unworthy means prevail upon
to attend did not exceed 150. And how could it be
otherwise ? Are the Operatives of Manchester such
noodles or sycophants as to go down on their knees to
drink the health of " Lord LYNDIIURST and the House
of Peers ?"—which it seems was one of the precious
toasts at this pipes-and-porter " blow out." A long-
winded twaddler—one HENRY—was shoved into the
Chair ; and a still duller twaddler, of the name of
JOHNSON, hiccuped out an enormous deal of ineon•
gruous rubbish. The main burden of this " gem.
maw's" address was to warn his fellows of a plot now
on foot, the object of which was to place Mr.
O'CONNELL on the throne of Great Britain ! !
Need we say any more to give our readers a clear
notion of this " illustrious" assemblage. We must
not forget to add that a Mr. WILKINS, some sort of
a lawyer, belonging, we believe, to Liverpool, made
a doleful complaint against the Manchester Liberal
press, for having shown him up. Our only wonder
is, how our Manchester Contemporaries should have
thought it worth their while to break a butterfly on a
wheel. Before this gentleman had finished his " ora-
tion," the few persons that remained in the room had
fallen asleep.

The rate-payers of the parish of St. George's-the-
Martyr, Southwark, held a meeting yesterday for the
purpose of passing certain Resolutions reflecting upon
the conduct of the Poor Law Commissioners. The
meeting, which was neither very numerous, nor, with
a very few exceptions, over respectable, was presided
over by Mr. D. W. HARVEY, and was severally ad-
dressed by the Hon. Chairman, Mr. LYON, Mr.
POTTIER, Mr. CONNELL, Mr. DAY, Mr. RUS-
TON, Mr. THOMAS, Mr. MATTHEWS, Mr. SHARP,
and Mr. ANDERTON. Most of the speakers ad-
mitted that the old poor law system was very • objec-
tionable, and that with some slight modifications the
law as it now stands is capable of producing results

the most beneficial. We must do the Hon. Chairman
the justice to observe, that his opinions retp‘tint
the Poor Law Amendment Act were by no means in
accordance with the views of a considerable portion of
his audience. Though the meeting was a failure, we

approve, to a great extent, of the ostensible object of
it. We are of opinion that a large discretionary power
ought to be vested in every parochial Board of guar-
dians, and that no pauper should be refused per-
mission to participate in the consolations of religion on
the Sabbath.

The Paris Papers of Monday have been received.
The Moniteur contains the following official intelli-
gence from Madrid :
A telegraphic dispatch from Madrid, dated the 17th inst.,
announces that M. de Rayneval died on'the preceding► day, at
half-past six o'clock in the evening, after six days' illness, of a
pulmonary complaint, combined with an attack of gout in the
head.

The same dispatch announces that the two Queens entered
Madrid on the 17th inst., and that the city was tranquil.
On the same day General Lebeau attacked the Carlists.
Their battalions were on the frontier line. General Lebeau
drove them back upon the Bastan and the Ulzama, after having
killed, wounded, and captured a great number of them.
At Engui he carried and destroyed the fortifications, and
made himself master of their magazines.
The Count de RAYNEVAL had been for some time
in bad health, and had frequently solicited his recal,
but LOUIS PHILLIPPE considered his presence in
Madrid absolutely indispensable. The following vivid
sketch of his character and habits, which we copy from
our Contemporary, the Post, of this morning, is evi-
dently the production of one of his most ardent ad-
mirers :

The Count de Rayneval was one of the ablest diplomatists
of the Talleyrand school, and reckoned only second to that
grand master by all European politicians. He was in London
some years since as secretary of embassy, and he was also re-
markable for having accompanied Napoleon in the Russian
campaign, and for having shared in all the dangers and priva-
tions of that unfortunate expedition. It was on his return
that he met and married, at Dresden, the beautiful Polish lady
who is now his disconsolate widow. The difficult task which
was entrusted to his charge at Madrid he has performed in the
most able manner, following the instructions of his master
when favoured with them, and acting with promptitude and de-
cision in the various complicated situations in which he was
left, often by design, without positive orders. He possessed
great coolness, quickness, and sagacity—had the happiest
knack in seizing on the prominent points of any case, and
of seeing the exact length to which a sudden occurrence
would impel the question he was engaged on. He was a
staunch supporter of Toreno, and latterly of Isturiz, while he
carefully abstained from committing himself to Mendizabal,
whom he looked upon as the creature of England, and as de-
ficient in the talent necessary to carry Spain through her diffi-
culties. He was remarkably indisposed for business, and re.
sisted like a child the frequent calls of his Secretaries when
his presence was wanted ; but, once engaged with his papers,
his energy was astonishing, and his dispatch was as remarkable
as the unwillingness previously displayed to face the labour.
M. de Rayneval was an admirable linguist, and spoke German
and Spanish with great fluency. He understood English, but
felt a Frenchman's unwillingness to speak it. He was also a
perfect classical scholar, and well versed in ancient and modern
literature. He was an enthusiastic musician, and when en-
gaged at the piano, or at the delightful little concerts whichhis
own family circle afforded, it was almost impossible to withdraw
him to the business of the embassy. He seemed to be haunted
by a melodious vein, and in the midst of a crowded
room he was often seen to pace it up and down, unconscious
of the company, humming some favourite air, or pursuing
some strain of which he had but a partial recollection. A
more amiable man never existed, and all his evenings were
spent in the bosom of his own family, blessed with the society
of his lady, and a charming daughter, and one son, who is at-
tached to the Embassy at Madrid. The Countess de Ray-
neval is one of the renowned beauties of Europe. The im-
pression she made at the drawing-room is not forgotten at
St. James's. Her daughter is also beautiful, and distinguished
for her elegance and sweetness of manner. M. de Rayneval's
appearance was not very preposessing, but his eye was re-
markably clear and brilliant, and it was impossible to converse
with him for half an hour without feeling the full supremacy
of his talents. He was beloved at Madrid for the simplicity
of his character, and his memory will ever be respected by
those who had the pleasure of his acquaintance.

Respect for the relatives of a diplomatist to whose
general policy we were always adverse, prevents us
from commenting upon several assertions made in the
above sketch. But M. RAYNEVAL is no more, and
far be it from us to detract from the honours which his
friends may think proper to pay to the memory of his
talents and his virtues.

On the 11th, the Constitution of Cadiz was to have
been proclaimed at Barcelona. Disturbances were ap-
prehended, and according to reports which reached
Paris to the 14th, they actually took place. A num-
ber of individuals suspected of entertaining Carlist
opinions were massacred by the populace.

The King of NAPLES had fixed this day for his
departure from Paris. His Neapolitan MAJESTY has
been strongly urged by the Royal Family of France to
prolong his visit, but he absolutely refused to remain
longer. Whether he has succeeded in his matrimonial
speculations, or whether he so much as declared him-
self a suitor for the band of either of the Princesses of
ORLEANS, remains a mystery.
All the French journals of Sunday quote Lord
LYNDHURST'S speech in the House of Lords in ex-
culpation of the freaks of the Tory Peers, not, how-
ever, unaccompanied with the expression of their strong
disapprobation of such a course. The Journal des
Debats, in particular, says that " It is not thus the
House of Lords will obtain pardon for obstinately re-
sisting every popular measure presented to it. We
fear, with Lord HOLLAND, that the House of Peers
will do itself irreparable injury in the opinion of the
people." This is strong language in the mouth of
such an organ of Conservative opinion as the Journal
des Debals.

With the exception of the following extracts, there
is nothing of any interest in these papers :

Letters from Barcelona of the 9th inst., Cate, that on the
Gth some alarming assemblages of the people were excited by
the anarchical clubs. An unfortunate man, once a spy of the
Count d'Espagne, was killed. General Mina, by employing
only the troops of the line, and by exhorting the people to re-
main patient until the opening of the Cortes, has retarded the
separation of Catalonia from the Government of Madrid, al-
though it almost exists in reality. Fresh troubles are expected
on the 11th, the day when the Constitution of 1812 is wish-
ed to b 2 proclaimed. The French inhabitants of the town
were moving their most valuable effects on board the French
vessels. Mina is forced to temporize with the secret societies.
The mails from Madrid of the 10th and 11th have again
failed, having been probably stopped by Garcia.
M. Deneux the accoucheur, is gone to Gratz, to attend the
Duchess of Berry, who expects to be confined between the
20th and 30th of October.

According to letters of the 12th from Saragossa, the Junta
has decided that the plate and bells of the churches shall be
melted down and converted into money. It is said that Va-
lencia has also had its insurrection, but no details have reached
us. It is added, however, that no serious excesses have been
committed. The Carlists turn to account the kind of suspen-
sion of arms arising out of what is passing in Spain to orga-
nize themselves. Cabrera, in his excursions, has succeeded in
collecting 2,000 horses, which he has placed at the disposal of
Don Carlos, and which ere long will be equipped and mounted.
Don Carlos, as a recompense, has sent him the grand cordon
of St. Ferdinand. As to Gomez, if the Carnet accounts are
to be credited, he has got together many recruits and much
money in his excursions in the Asturias, Galicia, and Leon,
but he is deficient in arms to complete the organization of a
respectable corps.

We cannot conceive how France could so forget
what she owes to the Liberal Governments of Europe
as to give her sanction to the supposed treaty, referred
to by the Nouvelle Minerve in the following para-
graph. Surely M. TRIERS has not quite lost his
senses.

PArds, AUG. 21. --SECRRT TREATY or EXTRADITION.—
The Nouvelle Minerve, after having deplored the persecutions
to which the political refugees are exposed, and the part acted
b 1 our Ambassador in Switzerland, asks if it be true that
France has joined a secret treaty with Prussia, Austria, and
Russia, which treaty is stated to be conceived nearly in the
follow ing terms :

" The high contracting powers, considering the attempts
recently made to disturb political order in Europe, desiring
especially to reconcile the restrictive measures with the spirit
of humanity and the claims of civilization,
have agreed :
" Art. 1. That when an individual shall have been sentenced
to punishment by the tribunals, for a political offence, none of
the contracting powers shall afford him an asylum.
" Art. 2. If these refugees retire into a neutral territory,
and if they there continue to disturb public order, the con-
tracting powers shall concert together to have them excluded
from it.

" Art. 3. The contracting powers adopt in common the
mode of transportation to America, for all political offences ;
in consequence, France engages to bring forward a law on
this subject during the next Session, so that the Government
shall be authorised to cause every individual to be transported
