TRAFFIC IN HUMAN FLESH.

In our Paper of yesterday we laid before our readers an
account of a case of this kind under circumstances of a pe-
culiarly appalling description. In the course of the day
an Inquest was held at Tucker's-row watch-house, before
Alderman C. P. Archer, one of the City Coroners, and a
highly respectable Jury, on the body of the boy already
described in our Paper, as above mentioned. The prisoner,
John Caldwell, in whose possession it bad been discovered,
while attempting to have it shipped for Scotland, was
questioned in the first instance. His version of the matter
was most unsatisfactory.
James Killin stated that he was a ship labourer; that on
Saturday last he observed the prisoner proceed along the
Quay with a parcel on his shoulders, which he rested on
the wall, and afterwards laid on a dray, and proceeded with
it down to the Scotia steam-packet; whither witness sus -
pecting that a dead body was in question, followed him;
it was corded similar to a bale of goods, and had on it three
large seals of wax ; witness had seen him go down the
Quay on the Saturday preceding, two or three times, with
packages of a similar appearance; the clerk of the ship '
refused to take the parcel; the prisoner said they
were books, and being told by the clerk that he might
take them away again, he said, "0 ! you may take
them, the mate knows all about it :" the mate, however,
who was on the quarter-deck of the vessel at the time,
made a signal to the prisoner when he saw him detected,
(the people beginning to gather round him) and bid him
" put forward." The witness next proceeded to describe the
discovery of the real contents of the package, which' was
made up in a square form, so as to resemble as much as
possible a package of books, the feet and legs being doubled
up to the stomach and the bead bent over that again.
The witness then gave an account of dead bodies.that had
been discovered to have been shipped on board the saru2_
vessel, by the prisoner, on the Saturday week preceding.
A gentleman of the name of Taylor deposed, that he
was present on the body being discovered, and that, not-
withstanding the assertions of the prisoner, that he was
ignorant of the real nature of the contents of the parcel, he
yet, before it was opened, acknowledged, in his bearing, to
one of the Police, that it was a body, and that it was a
boy, thus showing that he must have had some concern
in the transaction far beyond that which he acknowledged.
One of the Jurors bad heard a gentleman say that day
that he had within the present season cleared 2201. by the
exportation of subjects. He had also seen a letter f.om an
eminent surgeon at Edinburgh to a " resurrectionist"
here, with an offer to him of 10/., besides paying the
freight and all other items of expellee, for every subject lie
should send him.

After some further discussion, the Jury agreed to the
following verdict:—" We find that the said boy was
found dead in custody of a man who calls himself James
Caldwell, but we cannot say whether said boy died acci-
dentally or otherwise."

It was then arranged that the body should be sent to
the Surgeons' Hall for examination, and that the prisoner
should remain in custody to abide an investigation before
the Police authorities touching his concern in the affair.—
Dublin Morning Post of Tuesday.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

GRAND STEEPLE CHACE.

The Grand Steeple Chace at Melton Mowbray for 5001
between Capt. Ross and Mr. Gilmore, which has been the
theme of conversation in the sporting world for several
weeks, was decided yesterday morning in favour of the
latter gentleman. The start was from Greengate Ford,
in Burton Lordship, over Lusthorpe Brooke, to the Noel's
Arms on the Oakham road, a distance of four miles, and
won only by 50 yards. Capt. Ross rode his own horse,
and at starting the odds were six to four .in his favour.—
Mr. Field Nicholson rode Mr. Gilmore's horse, and both
horses were much distressed. It is thought that Captain
Ross lost the race by taking a line to the left instead of the
right. There was not a single fall.
There were present at this great match :—Lords Ply-
mouth, Southampton, Brudenell, Darlington, Mean hey,
Forrester, Count Sandor, Sir Henry Goodriche, Sir James
Boswell, Sir James Musgrave, Mr. Moore, Mr. Maxse,
Mr. White, Mr. Maher, and all the Gentlemen of the
Melton Hunt.

Mr. Bulkeley Williams, with his lady, left Melton Mow-
bray the evening before, on a visit for a few days to Sir
Charles Payne, at Selby. Lord Alvanley's two sisters ar-
rived at Melton on Friday last, and it is understood that
Miss Catherine Arden will hunt regularly.

HUNTING INTELLIGENCE.
APPOINTMENTS FOIL THE PRESENT WEEK.

His Majesty's Stag-hounds, on Monday, at Fulmer-
Common ; and Friday, at the Magpies, Hounslow Heath
—at half-past ten. 11 prevented by the weather they will
meet at the sanse place the following day.
The Vine Hounds, on Monday, at Popham Beacon ;
Thursday, at Worting ; and Saturday, at Round Oak,
Padworth—at ten.

Mr. Freeman's Harriers, on Monday, at Crowdon ;
Wednesday, at Denchworth ; and Saturday, at Bamptun
—at half-past ten.

The Craven Hounds, on Monday, at Ashridge ; Wed-
nesday, at the Blue Lion, Froxfiehl ; Friday, at Welford
Woods; and Saturday, at Tottenham Park—at half-
past ten.

The Brighton Harriers, on Monday, at Patcham ; Wed•
nesday, near the Race Coursl; and Friday, at the Dyke—
at half-past ten.
The Brookside Harriers will continue to meet every
Monday, at Newmarket ; Wednesday, at the Lewes Race
Course ; and Friday, at Tellescembe Tye—at half-past ten.
The Hambledon Fox-hounds, on Monday, at South-
wick Park ; Wednesday, at ; and Friday, at
Westbury—at half-past ten.
Mr. Price's Hounds, on Tuesday, at Brick Kiln ; Thurs-
day, at Frith Fawr ; and Saturday, at Cefn Liwyd-bridge
—at half-past ten.
The Gransden Hounds, on Monday, at Lolworth ; and
Friday, at Downing Arms—at ten.
The Puckeridge Hounds, on Monday, at Furneaux Pel-
ham ; Wednesday, at Birchanger ; Friday, at Littlebury-
street ; and Saturday, at Capons—at half-past ten.
The Royston Harriers, on Tuesday, at Royston-mill ;
and Thursday, at Ashwell—at half-past ten.
Lord Harewood's Fox-hounds, on Monday, at North
Deighton ; Thursday, at Cross-Roads, Bramham ; and
Saturday, at Ulleskelfe—at ten.
The Cheshire Hounds, on Monday, at Winsford ;
Wednesday, at Minshull Guide-post; Thursday, at Booth-
lane Toll-bar-gate; and Saturday, at Bartingten Heatlt
—at half-past ten.
General Wm. Fitzroy's Hounds, on Monday, at Mr.
Wright's, Rougham ; Wednesday, at Sporle-mill ; and
Friday, at Mr. Hudson's, Castleacre—at eleven.
The Westacre Stag-hounds, on Monday, at the sixth
mile stone on the Derehatn-road; and Friday, at Grim•.
stone Field Barn—at eleven.
Mr. 11. Villebois's Harriers, on Tuesday, at Bradenbam-
green ; Thursday, at Barton S►nce ; and Saturday, at the
Swan, Methwold—at eleven.

Sir Rich. Sutton's Hounds, on Monday, at Langworth-
bridge ; Tuesday, at Winceby Village; Wednesday, at
Gate Burton ; Thursday, at Welton Mill and Blankney;
and Saturday, at Tuthill Wood and Linwood Church—at
eleven.

The Quorn Hounds, on Monday, at Rolleston ;
day, at Stanford Park ; Thursday, at Arnesby ; Friday, at
Owthorpe (Notts) ; and Saturday, at Bardon hall—at
half-past ten.
Sir John Cope's Hounds meet in t},e neighbourhood of
Abingdon during the whole of this week.
Lord Anson's Hounds, on Monday, at Newnharn ; Wed-
nesday, at Birhury ; Friday. at Willoughby ; and Satur-
day, at Bourton—at half-past ten.
Mr. Meynell's Hounds, on Monday, at Bradby ; Thurs-
day, at Chartley Castle; and Saturday, at Rolleston—at
half-past ten.

The Shrop►►hire Hounds, on Monday, Rowton Castle ;
Wednesday, at Stoke Heath ; Friday, at Ercall Mill
and Saturday, at Acton Burnell—at half-past ten.
Mr. Dansey's Hounds, on Monday, at Callow Turnpike ;
and Thursday, at Willersley Turnpike—at ten.
Lord Searhoroutiles Fox-hounds, on Monday, at Aston ;
Wednesday, at Rossington-bridge ; Friday, at Grove; and
Saturday, at Sparken-hill—at half-past ten.
Sir G. Sitwell's Fox-hounds, on Tuesday, at Hardstaff-
Common ; and Friday, at Handsworth-har—at ten.

The Badsworth Fox-hounds, on Tuesday, at Pollington ;
Thursday, at Burghwallis ; and Saturday, at Badsworth
Toll-bar—at half-past ten.
Lord Yarborough's Hounds, on Monday, at Weelsby-
Dose ; Wednesday, at Somerhy-bouse; Friday, at Harps-
ti ell ; and Saturday, at the Kennel—at eleven.

Mr. H. M. Chadwick's Fox-hounds, on Tuesday, at
Weeford Windmill; and FriLy, at Clielinslcy Wood—at
half-past ten.

The Worcestershire Fox-hounds, on Tuesday, at Graf-
ton ; and Thursday, at Bishop's Wood—at half-past ten.
The Blackmoor Vale Hounds, on Tuesday, at Cog,ley
Wood; and Saturday, at Stourton Inn—at ten.

Mr. Farquharson's Hounds, on Monday, at Armswell ;
and Friday, at Honeycomb.

. .
The Cadbury Harriers, on Tuesday, at Siltri ; and
Thursday, at Milborne Wyke.
Mr. Nicoll's Hounds, on Wednesday, at Embly ; and
Friday, at Westbury.

SPIRIT OF THE LONDON JOURNALS.

It is probable that the Catholi,: Relief Bill is to
lte brought in next week by his Majesty's Minis-
ters : the preliminary Bill will have received the
Royal as'ent about Wednesday. Upon the cer-
tainty of its pee/dug both Houses of Parliament it is
tint worth while to speak : the power of carrying
that inestimable measure admits no dispute. As
for the order in which the new law may be ten-
dered to the acceptance of the Lords and Commons,
ti.. Duke of Wellington, considering the kind of
opposition which be meets with, has maintained a
prtelent silence. We shall, probably, see the Bill in-
troduced at first into the Commons, in order that
the striking phenomenon of a nearly unanimous
House of Commons may make way through certain
minds, which no ray of light from general reasoning
has ever had force to penetrate. There seems to be
somewhere a ludicrous disposition to whine at the
Duke of Wellington for insisting that a Govern-
ment measure of unparalleled importance shall he
actively upheld, instead of thwarted, by all the
members of that Government and by its officers.
Now only observe the stupidity or hypocrisy of this
complaint. Mr. Pitt spoke and voted in favotit of
an abolition of the Slave-trade, as often as that mea-
sure was submitted to Parliament, during a long
course of years. But that powerful Minister per-
mitted the placemen mid other deputies of his Go-
vernment to vote either for the absolution or against
it : so that, during his whole life, the Slave-trade
remained untouched except by public opinion, which
his speeches contributed to enlighten, though his
ministerial forbearance had no small tendency to
stagger it ; and what (lid this avail Mr. Pitt ? Why,
that from end to end of the kingdom he was re-
proached with duplicity, for not exercising the in•
herent control of the Crown, and compelling his in-
ferior functionaries to act upon his declared opinions.
Mr. Pitt lost reputation as a Minister for not mak-
ing that policy which he professed to approve, a
Ministerial policy,—that is, for refusing to enforce
it. So, with regard to Catholic Emancipa-
tion, all those Cabinet Ministers who argued
yearly, during the Liverpool Ministry, on be-
half of that great cause have exposed them-
helves to an almost universal suspicion of in-
sincerity and dishonesty in their professions of
attachment to it. Even Mr. Canning did not escape.
It was asked every time the question was agitated,
why, if the Ministerial advocates of Emancipation
deemed the measure, as the Duke of 'Wellington
does at this moment, essential to the peace of the
realm, they could ever think of strengthening, by
their co-operation on other points, the hands of men
whose obstinate resistance to religious liberty must
thus have been adverse to our internal peace ? The
Duke of Wellington, however, is railed at because
he establishes his own good faith and integrity by
supporting, es a Minister, that system of state
policy which, as a reasoning and conscientious
man, he believes to be indispensable to his
country's welfare. What is the meaning of the
declaration which has been made so repeatedly
and emphatically by the Duke of Wellington,
that he thinks Emancipation " indispensable
to the public safety ?"--that without that
" measure it would be impossible to go on ?" What,
we say, is the palpable meaning of this decided lan-
guage? Why, that a Minister who thinks so, by
remaining Minister, incurs a positive obligation to
propose the necessary - lair, and by proposing it be-
comes equally responsible for the success of it, so
far as his influence extends. What then follows, if,
with his opinions, he suffers his inferior officers to
vote against the removal of these frightful disabili-
ties, or to be " neuter," as some of them have had
the modesty to demand ? That the whole world
will call him a pretender and an hypocrite, that he
will be accused of so employing the inherent patron-
age of the Crown, as to undermine his own policy,
to forfeit his own pledges, to abandon, in substance,
the post which he ostensibly retains, and to betray
the tranquillity and safety of the realm. But the
Duke has a too rigorous feeling of his duty to act
with such baseness under the cloak of littleness. The
word has gone forth-L" You, who receive pay
from the Government, work heartily with the
Government, which appoints you to execute its
orders; or others who do agree in principle with
the Government shall be commissioned to supply
your places." This is the discourse of tin hottest
man, antla ny different language would be treason
to the Sovereign. Another grievance with Messrs.
Newcastle and Eldon is, that " Parliament has not
been disseleed." The King's Councillors, forsooth,
are to punish the House of Commons for agreeing
with them in opinion upon the interests of the State,
and to throw the country into a confusion little
-short cf that which reigns through " the ideas" of
the Lord of Newcastle, in the virtuous hope of being
en ibled, by a No-Popesy Parliament, to frustrate a
great national measure, recommended by the Crown
itself! And to what end this dissolution? We
mean to what No-Popery end. Does the Duke of
Newcastle really fancy, that the Orange cause
would gain by a new election ? How many Anti-
Catholic votes would be obtained from Ireland ? In
addition of at least 30 emancipators. Nay, how
many from England ? Let the nation and the
Brunstvickers keep their eyes ou Oxford, on Oxford,
the citadel of the No-Popery cause. If Mr. Peel
should be thrown out for Oxford, that cause will
have gained nothing,--not a vote, not even an Anti-
Catholic inference. Mr. Peel was elected as an
enemy to Emancipation : if rejected when no longer
its enemy, there is no proof of any progress in Anti-
Catholicism at Oxford. Matters just remain where
they have been. But if Mr. Peel be now returned
for Oxford—now, when he has renounced no-Popery
as an untenable position—now, when Mr. Peel, on
the purest and most manly principles, has become a
friend to Catholic Emancipation—if Mr. Peel,
though in all respects. we admit, he would be the

him with the foulest contumely. In all parties the I
instinct of self-preservation leads to the endeavour
to deter from desertion, by the punishment of those
who desert, and this is one of the great evils of
parties, that they demand, in this imperious man-
ner, the sacrifice of individual morality. The treat-
ment of Mr. Peel is the assassination of Archbishop
Sharpe repeated, in a style suited to the mildness
of modern manners. The Archbishop had been
high in the confidence of the Presbyterians, and he
went over to the Episcopalians; an unpardonable
offence. Mr. Brownlow's desertion was a bitter
pill to swallow; Mr. Dawson's was still more bitter,
for, from his possession of office, it was viewed as
ominous with regurd to the intentions of Govern-
ment, and accordingly Mr. Dawson was abused in
very unmeasured terms. But Mr. Peel having been
the leader of the party, and, what is most galling,
the only man i►► the party capable of inspiring the
least respect as a leader, rage knows no bounds with
regard to him ; and in reading some of the invec-
tives of which he is the subject in the daily papers,
we are almost disposed to question whether the times
of the French Revolution are not returned, when the
invective of the journalist was a preparation for the
guillotine. The fault of Mr. Peel is, that he did
not sooner abandon his party ; but every man
has not the disposition to become a martyr, and he
may well be excused for some reluctance to expose
himself to such a hostility as he has had to encoun-
ter. Before we reproach individuals for obstinacy
in error, we ought to inquire how far the moral state
of the country serves as an apology for their COTP.
duct. If the moral. state of a country be very low,
the consequence of acting on pure principles will
be proportionably severe towards individuals. There
never, perhaps, was a country so poisoned with re-
gard to morality as England—there never was a
country in which so much pains were taken to
poison the public conscience. There is hardly such
a thing in the country as the free and open exercise
of individual judgment on any one subject. A man
must resign his understanding to some faction or
party in all matters whatever, and swallow the test
of that party, as the very condition of his being al-
lowed to open his mouth. The religionist has his
test, the politician has his test; and these must be
swallowed without limitation. An honest motive is
never allowed ; the first thing done, is to look to the
result to which what is said points, and as the result
is approved of, or disapproved of, an individual
is praised or abused. The utmost indignation is
expressed by those who entertain one set of opi-
nions against those who entertain another set;
it being assumed as unquestionable that the
conscientious exercise of the understanding is crimi-
nal, and deserving of reprobation, if it lead to con-
clusions not approved of by the party judging. As
far as we are aware, this abandonment of self-direc-
tion—this awarding of reproach or eulogy, for the
side taken, and not for the sincerity and candour
with which an inquiry is conducted, is far more pre-
valent in England than in any other country. Cant
and hypocrisy base their favoured home here. It is
always implied in this country that there is a merit
in the opinion, independent of the road by which it
is reached. Hence we praise and we blame, be-
cause we are told to praise or blame, and because
we must make up our minds to praise or blame ac-
cording to some test or other. We cannot have a
stronger instance of the excessive corruption of mo-
rals in this country than the divisions on this ques•
tion of concession to the Catholics. On the one
hand, we see it impossible to form a Cabinet which
can hope to govern the country on a principle of
opposition to the claims of the Catholics. We find
that, all the politicians on whose names the country
dwells with any regard were favourable to conces-
sion—Pitt, Burke, Fox, Sheridan, Windham, Can-
ning, among the dead—to sty nothing of the living.
Majorities in the House of Commons have, with a
trilling exception, approved of concession. The great
majority of Barristers (the cleverest men in the
country) take the same side. Every where the active
talent of the country is found supporting concession.
tt rn we to the Church, and what do we find there
The Clergy, with a few exceptions—so few that they
are hardly worth mentioning—taking a most de-
cided part against concession. Now, will any one pre-
tend to say, that there can be here any thing like
the conviction derived from independent inquiry ?
The Clergy are educated, and though not so clever
as Barristers, have advantages not possessed by the
generality of mankind, in preparing themselves for
a correct decision—they have leisure, and they can
obtain books. The lower people take their opinions
on this, and all other subjects of a complicated na-
ture, on trust, and therefore we put them out of the
question ; but of the classes above the lower, can it
be accident that the Clergy are all one way, while
other well-informed men are chiefly on the other ?
No, it is not accident. The opinion is taken as
the coat is taken ; both must be worn. The Clergy-
man who should express an opinion at variance with
his body is marked out for vituperation. He is as much
under the influence of terror as the Journalists of
Paris were during the time of Robespierre. In the
causes of this state of things it is not the place here
to enter. That such a state of things exists is,
however, but too true. Hence the pertinacity with
which opinions are defended, merely because they
have been once taken up : and hence the desperate
inconsistencies into which men boldly plunge in
support of them. We have men who all their lives
have professed to hold the swinish multitude in ab-
horrence, and loathe the very idea of universal suf-
frage, boldly proposing, as a test not to be challenged,
for deciding the most complicated of questions, the
suffrages in its favour of the people, hiring mobs of
labourers in frocks to over-awe public meetings, and
exciting riots whenever they they have the populace
in their favour.—Morning Cbronicle.
We are glad to observe that Mr. S. Wortley has
brought the Game Laws once more under the notice

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

BO W.STREET.

John Abrahams, son of a Jew who sells old clothes in
Hollywell-street, Strand, was yesterday brought before Mr.
Mrsisitum., charged by Mary Ann Nobbs, a respectable- '
looking young woman, whose father is a tradesman in the
city, with having assaulted her.
The complainant stated, that on Monday last she had
occasion to pass through Hollywell-street on her way to
the city. Just as she had reached Temple bar the prisoner
tapped her on the shoulder, telling her she must go hack
with him. She asked him what for, and he said she
should soon hear. He then laid hold of her by the shawl, and
as she felt unconscious of having committed any offence,
she consented to return with him. He held her in cus-
tody until they reached Hollywell-street, when he pushed
her into an old clothes-shop. A man in the shop asked
her what she wanted? She replied that she was brought
by Erce, and wished to know why she had been so treated.
The prisoner then came into the shop and said, " This is
the girl who stole the cloak from us " The other man
s'tid it was a mistake, and that the prisoner was a fool.
Complainant said she would acquaint her father, who would
not suffer her to be insulted with impunity. She was
then abused by the prisoner and others, and told thitst
she had only been a week from the tread-mill, and that
lice character was known. The prisoner's mother then
came into the shop, and told the complainant not to mind
it, as it was nothing more than " a lark." She went
home, and her father told her to go to Bow-street and
obtain a warrant against the prisoner. The young woman
was a good deal affected while giving her evidence.
The prisoner said in reply, that he had no intention
whatever to insult the complainant. The fact was, she
bore a most remarkable likeness to a servant girl who had
lived with his father for about a week, and had then
absconded with a cloak and goods to the value of 61.
Under the impression that the complainant was the girl in
question, he certainly had followed her, and requested site
would go back with him to his father's, but he used no
violence whatever. lie was very sorry for the mistake
which had occurred, and was willing to make the most
humble apology.
The mother of the complainant stepped forward, and
said that her daughter was a proper and well-conducted
girl, and was never absent from her father's !loose, who
followed a respectable trade, excepting when she went for
a short distance on an etririd.

Mr. MINSHULL sail, that the complainant, as far as he
perceived, was a well-behaved respectable young woman,
The prisoner had acted most imp-operly, and must answer
fur the charge elsewhere. Ile (Mr. Minshull) understood
that the Jew clothesmen in Ilolywell-street were in the
habit of insulting the passengers, and forcing them into
their shops. Whenever a complaint of that nature should
come before him, he would immediately grant a warrant
against the offending party.
The prisoner was then held to bail, and was obliged to
find two sureties, who were bound in 201. each, to answer
fur his appearance at the sessions.
A gentleman, who said he was an American planter,
came to complain of his having been tricked out of nine
sovereigns by two fellows, who met hint in the neighbour-
hood of Temple-bar, and induced him to purchase three
pieces of glazed calico, which they assured him was fine
Irish linen of a most superior quality, and which, under
peculiar circumstances, they were obliged to part with at
a considerable sacrifice. The gentleman added, that he
merely came to warn the public against such practices, and
had no intention of proceeding further in the business,
being obliged to embark for America in the afternoon.

At the evening sitting the two duffers mentioned above,
whose names are Grace and Jones, were brought in
custody to the office. The American gentleman, whose
vessel did nut sail as Fog) a as he expected, appeared and
substantiated upon oath the statement which he had pre-
viously made, adding that he had bargained with the
isoner Grace for the three pieces of what he supposed to
be fine Holland linen ; and with Jones he bargained for
1,000 cigars, for which be advanced the sum demanded,
amounting to 305., without seeing the cigars. -
The prisoners, who were attended by a solicitor, were
ordered to give bail, themselves in 401., and two sureties
in 20/. each. They are both young and rathertespectable-
looking men. Temple-bar has been their heat for several
months past. They offered to return to the prosecutor W.
of the money to forego proceedings, but he very properly
refused to de so.

QUEEN-SQUARE.
Yesterday a young foreigner, dressed in a most fashion-
able style, who gave his name Mr. Charles Radius, of
No. 80, Charlotte-street, Portland-place, and described
himself as an artist and teacher of languages, was placed
at the bar before G. W. MAitatorT, E.g., charged with
robbing Lady Laura Meyrick, the wife of Colonel Meyrick,
of Berkeley-square, of a reticule containing sundry arti-
cles, as she was leaving the King's Theatre on the previous
evening.
Colonel Meyrick stated, that as he was leaving the
Opera-house, about 12 o'clock the previous evening, with
Lady Meyrick, she said she had lost her reticule, and sus-
petite(' a person who had been following her. He had ob-
served the mats, and sent for Handley, the officer in at-
tAldanco, and described the person to him. They both
went in search of the prisoner, and in a short time saw bins
standing at the entrance of the Opera-house. They watched,
awl saw him put his hand round a lidy's waist and very
busy. Handley immediately took him- into custody and
searched hint, when the contents of the reticule were found
in his position.
Edward Handley, an officer of this establishment, de-
posed to being applied to by Colonel Meyrick in the man-
ner stated. He watched the prisoner for some time ; he
saw him very busy hustling several ladies as they came out
of the Opera-Louse, as if he was feeling for bracelets. He
immediately took him into custody and searched him in the
hall ; he found a pen-knife in his hand ; whets the prisoner
made a rush to get away, be followed him, and he was
stopped by Lord Tullamore. On his person he found a
handkerchief, a smelling bottle, an opera-glass, and a ticket
fur the box No. 35.
Colonel Meyrick identified the above articles as belonging
to Lady 31eyrick.
Handley continued—Besides the above, he found a ring,
a bracelet, and a purse containing one half-sovereign and
six shillings. After lodging the prisoner in the, watch-
house, he went to Charlotte-street to search his lodgings,
and found a number of lathes' handkerchiefs wi'h different
marks, several opera-glasses, pieces of purses, and the clasps
of reticules, and-a purse containing four sovereigns.
The prisoner, in broken English, said be was a German,
and had been. about 18 months in this country ; he taught
music, painting, drawing, and languages in families of the
first distinction, and also architecture. The handkerchiefs
and Opera-glasses produced were presents made to him by

best grepresentative after Mr. Canning that Oxford cif Parliament. On Tuesday evening that Hon. ladies alto had been his pupils. He was in the gallery at
could make choice of—if a ter having renounced
.itemuer, in mo% mg for leave to bring in a Bill to the Opera-house, when he recognized, in the boxes, Lady
, f
the errors of No-Popery, he be, as we trust he will alter and amend those laws, stated that he saw quite Flint, who had been his patrrness since he had come to this
be, re-elected, and by oxford! what will Newcastle enough last year to convince him that the House country, and also Mr. Joseph Jekyll, the brother of the,_
oarrister ; and after the performance was over be went to
and Winchilsea exclaim ? Will they then call for a a
was ready to adopt some effectual measure ritive the entrance, and after speaking to them, and wishing
dissolution ? But we conclude, as we began : the
to this subject. Since then the offences under the them good night, he picked up something under his feet,
question will be carried without an effort, except one which proved to be the reticule, the contents of which had
Game Laws had continued to increase, and the lie -
of angry vociferation or uncandid cavil by the dyingbeen identiti,d by Colm el nyii,.k. It was the fear of the
remna4a of the Brunswick band. The opposition cessity for the alteration was now greater than ever. ccarge its •lf against his character which induced him to
in the Commons will hardly volitive to divide: that It is certainly true that offences under the Game make his escape from the officer. Ile had sent forM.e
r.
in the Lords will make a longer but not more effec- Laws, instead of being diminished, are rapidly on the Bransby Cooper, to whom he was well knowo, and
his tive sure he would speak to the respectability of
tive struggle. The cause of justice and expediency increase; yet those laws are abundantly severe, and
(for here the right and the expedient are the same) character.
do not fail of their object through any relaxation in Mr. MAI:llow said, it was a melancholy case to see a
will triumph, the beneficial fruits of which will be
ractice, fere is no pf our ena Coe more pin te pri's son i life d n such a
felt throughout this empire to the most distant ge-
ri p u
goroslyor enthforced. Theart reasono P
whyl thosed laws degraersonded sithuation,soner but the ease wasn place
clearly made out, and
aerations. It will surprise serve of our readers, but
so ineffective, notwithstanding the extreme he must commit him for trial.
will doubtless gratify all, to learn, that the Duke of
are
ershness of their principle and execution, is The prisoner, in the greatest agitation, protested his in-
Cumberland, if not prepared to take any part in
that the greatness of the temptation to offence nncrnce, and said he had been a pupil at the Academy at
this great triumph, will certainly do nothing to Mar Palk fur eight yea's.
which they create counteracts their own severity.
or impede it. What will die Brunswickers say, ~,,,' ,
I ~at tempt lion arises
'
when deserted by their great Chief ?—Time.e. violate my oath if I did not commit you for trial.
with regard to the sale of Game, by which the price
Prisoner.—My friends will never believe the charge
It appears now to be the prevailing opinion, that is so much enhanced that it operates as a very at- , a
gainst me—it "is too Ipirrible. Do let Mr. Bransby
Mr. Peel will succeed in his re-election. We bare tractive premium to poacking. It has a similar effect ,
more than once, after the conclusion of a debate on to the prohibitory system in encouraging smuggling. Ccoper and Mr. Jekyll be sent for to speak for MC.
Mr. MArtntorr said there bad been a gentleman at the
the Catholic Question—when struck with the utter If the sale of guile be once legalized, the price of • office, but when he heard the particulars of the charge, he
inability of the opponents of concession to advance the article must fall, and the temptation to the ' considered it so bad that he went away.
a single argument deserving of the least attention poacher be proportionably diminished. An article i The prisoner, on being removed from the bar, struck
against that measure—felt chagrined that Mr. Peel of human consumption, when forbidden, becomes a his hand with violence against
ar., forehead,exclame apparently in
should cling to a cause which was supported by no luxury, which the rich will purchase at any price, a state of great mental agony, i d--" Oh God,
Man in the House of Commons, of any mark as a and the poor will endeavour to bring into the mar- this is horrible.
politician, but himself. The fierceness—nay, even ket at any r'sk—even the severity of the law itself : He
eto prosecute. was
fully committed fur trial, and the
parties bound
:
brutality, with which he has been attacked by those will be an inducement to daring spirits to violate it over ,
whom he has abandoned, however flattering to him especially in cases where it is supposed the legal
ia.—An unfortunate female,
in one sense, as affording an unequivocal proof of crime is totally independent of morel considerations. THE PLAISTEInt
named Mary O'Brien, was taken up the preceding
his iropot tance to them—for men's passions are never It is a maxim of our Common Law that there is on night, and placed in Spa-fields watch-house, for assaulting
strongly excited by the loss of what they hold in property in animals ferce naturee ; or, in other words, a watchman. Upon her undergoing time usual ceremony
slight regard—may render it problematical to all lin wild animals. 'I his maxim arose from there of searching, a large piece of
fbr0,1,1%,‘,1-antic.p:mliieeplrrnr,l7colocnin‘k,elerrte,e.d.laisawTt-o,iiti,hye
but those whose principles are of the very purest being no such thing as the principle of the Game some glutinous substancoel,w,:s,isceu
description, whether a public man should everchange
_Laws known under the ancient Common Law of night constable, and
an opinion he has once embraced, however unten- England. It was with the slavery that William the
papergrid that she had it fur the purposeitiref
foundsl ‘
able he may discoVer it to be. So long as he clings Norman introduced
.that the Game Law: were in- set it down, thati.,ttehre,,
of tih,e.
to an opinion, he leaves it questionable with his grafted on the institutions of this country ;—they ena
iiatri:)g-luteche'rPtiliie more effectually to rob such victims as she
t fortunate enough to entice from the strict paths
opponents, whether his error is in his head were alien to our free Saxon Constitution,. and are
of111!g
propriety. The circumstance soon got wind, and long
or his will; but the moment he renounces it, a degrading badge of our subjugation. The sooner before it was time to convey the prisoner from the watch-
his change is uniformly attributed to bad mo- they are got rid of, or, at least reformed, the sooner
house to this office in the morning, the streets adjoining the
tives by his late party, who never think of will a great source of local oppression and expense
former were crowded with persons of all ages, sizes, and
combatting his arguments, but deem the mere he cut of}; and the habits of the rural population sexes, anxious to get a sight of the " resurrection smug-
act of changing a justification of their Loading improved.—Morning Herald. ger" as she was called. About half-past ten she was

brought before the Magistrate; upon her being placed at
the bar, the watchman stated tHe charge of assault, and the
constable of the night stated. to the Magistrate the fact of
finding the plaister upon her. He also related the won-
derful sensation which the circumstance produced, awl the
difficulty he had to bring the prisoner safety to the office.
Mr. Sergeant SELLON asked the prisoner how she be-
came possessed of the plaister.
when
Prisoner.—lt was put upon my mouth I was
drunk, and 1 put it in my pocket to serve somebody else
in the same way, just to have a lark.
Mr. Sergeant SELLoN said that he supposed she had it
for the purpose of robbing. The Learned Sergeant, how-
ever, upon inspecting the pitch plaister, as the paper found
upon the prisoner was called, found it to be nothing more
than brown paper covered with treacle. He at the same
time committed the prisoner to the House of Correction for
fourteen days' as a common prostitute.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.

HOUSE OF LORDS, F. 18.
APPEALS.-TROTTER V. TROTTER.

A question of some consequence with reference to the
laws both of England and Scotland was argued in the
House of Lords, on an Appeal from the Court of Session.
A Colonel Trotter, who had been stationed far thirty
years in India, had sent home money to one of his brothers
in Scotland to be by him deposited in banks at interest.—
The brother wrote to him for a power of attorney to invest
the money, as he would see occasion, in heritable lands,
and obtained it ; in consequence of which, about 3,0001.
or 4,0001. were invested in heritable bonds. The Colonel
never returned, but made his will in India without any
legal advice or formality, by which he left the who'e of his
property to his brothers and sisters, share and share alike,
and appointed his next junior brother and heir at law, and
his youngest brother, who had acted as his agent, his exe-
cutors. Under this will the heir at law slaimed the heri-
table bonds as heir at law, and his share of the personal
bonds besides; and his claim was sustained by the Court
below, and the decision appealed from on the ground that
the heir at law could not take both under the will and
against it, but was bound to elect.
The House has not as yet given judgment: The fol-
lowing is a copy of the will :
" fCharles Trotter, of Edinburgh, Colonel in the Ho•-
nourable East India Company's. service, for the love and
affection which I have and bear to Major-General Thoa.
Trotter, Mr•. Young Trotter, and William Trotter, my
brothers, and to my sisters Mary, wife of Mr. John Pit-
cairn, and to Miss Christiana Trotter, and to Mr. Alex-
ander Pitcairn, of Edinburgh, husband of my sister, and
considering it to be my duty, while in health, to execute a
settlement of all estate and effects which may belong to me
at lily death : For this purpose I do hereby constitute,
make, and ordain my brother, Young Trotter, of Groom-
house Mill, Dunse, and William Trotter, merchant in
Edinburgh, to be my executors of this my last will and
testament, in Great Britain, and trustees, also, for the
estate of the late Captain Dickson, of which I am execu-
tor and trustee for the children, and to which I nominate
Mrs. M. Trotter, jointly with the house of Messrs. Ar-
buthnot, Dc Monte, and Company, executors in India.
And further, I do hereby constitute, make, and ordain
Messrs. Arbuthnot, De Monte, and Company, of Madras,
to be my executors in India, asd trustees for bonds, bills,
and vouchers of every kind. And further, I nominate the
said Messrs. Arbuthnot, De Monte, and Company, of
Madras, but in trust only and to the end and for the pur-
poses after mentioned : First, that they make payment of
all my just and lawful debts ; second, that for the love and
affection I bear to my sister-in-law, Matilda Trotter, widow
of my deceased brother, Robert Trotter, they make pay-
ment of the sum of two thousand (2,000) star pagodas—
third, that they hold in their hands the sum of two thou •
sand (2,000) star pagodas, for the sole benefit of Charles
Trotter, a native of India, to be disposed of to the best ad-
vantage; fourth, that they remit the residue and remainder
of my India estate, as they realise it, to Europe, after de-
ducting all expence of management, to my above-named
brothers in Edinburgh, my executors in Europe, Young
Trotter and William Trotter, who are hereby instructed to
divide the remainder of my estate, as they receive it from
India, and the whole of my. property in Europe, into six
equal shares, to be paid to each of them, viz. Thomas
Trotter, Young Trotter, William Trotter, Mrs. Mary Pit-
cairn, Miss Christiana Trotter, and Mr. Alexander Pit-
cairn, of Edinburgh, share and share alike, or to the law-
ful issue of such of them as may be dead. In witness
hereof I have hereunto set my hand and seal at Pallam-
cottah, in India, this 28th day of May, in the year of our
Lord, 1819.

[Signed] " CHARLES TROTTER (L. S.)
" In presence of
" JAMES WEBR, Lieutenant and Adjutant
2,1 Battalion, '7th Regiment, N.I.
" THOMAS WAYLAND KEY, Serjeant."

COURT OF`KING'S BENCH, FEB. 18.
GRIM3IALL V. HEAVISIDE.

This action, which was tried at the adjourned sittings
in London after Hilary Term, in the last year, was for an
assault and battery, committed on the plaintiff on board the
ship Thames, an East Indiainan. The defendant (the cap-
tain of the ship) pleaded in justification, that the plaintiff, a
seaman on board, had conducted himsell in a mutinous man-
her, and that the punishment had been inflicted upon lion
for the purpose of preserving discipline in the ship's crew.
The assault complained of consisted in the administering of
four dozen lashes upon the plaintiff, awl afterwards putting
hint in irons, and confining him in the quarter gallery
passage for several days. It appeared that the captain had
been under the necessity of punishing one of the own for
disorderly conduct, and while the crew were assembled on
the quarter deck, in the usual manner, to witness the
punishment, the captain said, " I thought there was an end
of all this ;" to which the plaintiff replied,—" I thought
so too ;" and added, " if I had my mind, there should be no
more flogging on hoard." The Captain considering this ex-
pression as indicative of a mutinous spirit, ordered the plain-
tiff aside until the flogging was over, and then had him
tied up and punished in the usual manner as a mutineer.—
No witnesses were called in support of the plea of justifi-
cation, Sir James Searlett conceiving, after the cross-
examination of the plaintiff's witnesses, that the evidence
preponderated in favour of the defendant. The Jury, how-
ever, found for the plaintiff.—Damages 501.
In Easter term Sir J. Searlett obtained a rule nisi for
a new trial, on the ground that the verdict was against the
weight of evidence. The case now stood for at guinea on
the rule nisi ; and Lord T ENTERDEN was ploceeding to
lead his notes of the trial, when
Sir J. ScAnt,ETT said he had received no instructions
to support the rule.
Mr. 13nouGuAst, for the plaintiff, said he was not in-
structed to oppose it, and his client was willing to have it
made absolute on rayrnent of costs.
Lord TENTERDEN-1 suppose, then, you expect to get
larger damages on a second trial?
Sir J. SCA It LETT said, the Court might deal with the
cise as they pleased.—Ride discharged.

It is to be hoped that the high-priced bakers
win allow the public to partake in the late falls which have
taken place at Mark-lane.

SINGULAR CIRCUMSTANCE.—II► a family
of which there were three sisters (two of whom are now
married ladies of the parish of Arbuthnott), the whole
three were born on Candlemas morning; there were five
years between each of their births, and the same time al-
most to a day between each of their marriages.—Edin-
burgh Paper.

On Tuesday a ludicrous scene took place in
the Old Kent-road. Opposite to the Crown and Anchor
there are some very lofty poplar trees, and on the morning
of the above day, a handsome tortoise-shell torn cat, be-
longing to a lady- residing near the spot, ran out into the
road, and a dog having given it chase, in order to elude'its
pursuer it ran up one of the poplars, and took refuge on
the highest branch of the tree. The lady to whom it be-
longed, inconsolable for the loss of her favourite, on being
informed of the perilous situation in which it was placed,
lost no time in proceeding to its relief, and, with the view
of inducing her tabby to come down from its elevated situa-
tion, site commenced coaxing it, and using all the persuasive
inducements that were likely to have the intended effect.
puss, however, disregarded its mistress, and remained
stationary, for by this time, a crowd had assembled, who
were attracted by the singularity of the lady's gestures and
entreaties to prevail on the inonser to come down out of the
tree. In this dilemma a Flemish boy with a Barbary
monkey in his arms, seeing the concern and agitation of
the lady, pressed through the crowd, and addressin; her in
broken English, said his monkey should fetch the cat down
without hurting a hair of its body, if it was permit-ed.
The owner of the cat was delighted at the intelligence, and
she had no sooner expressed her satisfaction, than the boy
took the cord from the monkey's neck, and placing the
animal on the tree, pointed up towards where the cat was
sitting, and exclaiming the word " Presto," up skipped
" Jacket'. with amazing agility, and taking the cat round
the body with one arm, descended from the tree, with the
assistance of the other, and placed its charge in the hands
of its master, to the great satisfaction of the lady and infinite
amusement of the hy-standers. The owner of the favourite
tabby presented the Flemish lad with five shillings for the
dexterity displayed by the monkey on the occasion.
