mercc.

Mr. THORNELY supported the motion.
Mr. L ABOUCHERE opposed it. He admitted the
importance of the question, and the shortness of
the supply of sugar ; but the question was not
a simple one ; and while the people petitioned
to reduce the duty on free-labour sugar, Mr. EwanT
proposed to reduce it indiscriminately on the foreign
sugar. He said that the prayer of the petitioners for
the admission of free-labour sugar could not be granted
without violating existing treaties between England and
the United States, and between England and the
Brazils. The people required that the emancipation
expssriment should be fairly tried, which would not be
the case if, when the Colonies were struggling for exist-
ence, foreign sugars should be admitted into this country.
Mr. HUNIE said on one night the House voted against
the Colonies getting labourers, and on the next voted
against the country getting any sugar but. what those
Colonies supplied. He supported the mot:on.
Mr. HAWES also supported the motion.
Sir S. LUSHINGTON opposed the motion, as encou-
raging slavery and the slave trade. He seems to have
caught fire from the Convention, and doomed the
people of Engl n 1, with right good will, to the want of
sugar, in order to keep the slave trade in check. Never
did a nation pay so much for the cause of humanity, as
the English hale paid, and are paying, for the abolition
of slavery. There are, however, many of them who
are most unwilling c ntributors to the payment.
Mr. A. CHAPMAN opposed the motion on behalf of
the shipping interest. Mr. O'CONNELL opposed it
because it would promote slavery.
Mr. VILLIERS supported it on behalf of the people,
who should not always be sacrified.
Mr. GLADSTONE thought those who supported the
motion were inconsistent, and he should a ote against it.
On a division it was lost by 122 to 27, and the Bill
went through a Committee.
Th House the i went into a Committee on the
Constabulary Bill. The Report to be received nest
'Thursday.
Tne Chimney Sweepers' Bill subsequently went
through a Committee, after some opposition to the
elai 333, and a division ce leaving the cord " rebuilt"
out of one clause, which was ordered to be retained.
Th Report is to be brought up to-day.
The House sat till One o'Clock.

The public hears continually from the tithe and
Church-rate-loving parsons, that the Roman Ca- 1
tholic religion sanctions perjury, and promotes
every species of immorality. It is denounced at
Exeter Hall as idolatry, and as the mother of su-
perstition, profaneness, and iniquity. All these
accusations, if founded in fact, are grossly exag-
gerated by the Anglican priesthood, for the purpose
of exalting themselves at the expense of the Ca-
tholic clergy. Admitting, however, that the
Catholic religion is a dark as the priests of the An-
glican Church paint it, we wish to be inforned,
and the public requires to be informed, what arc
the essential differences between the two, Romish
and Anglican, Churches, so that one is the parent
of virtue, and the other the parent of vice. Will
any calm and rational person point out the prin-
ciples which make one the source of incalculable
mischief, and the other the source of unspeakable
blessings ?
Both are Christian Churches, and differ so little
in the faith they inculcate, that it requires a sharp
and practised theological understanding to ascertain
the minute points on which they do not agree.
Both acknowledge the divinity of the Saviour, both
found their claims to credit on his miracles, both
adopt the great doctriHes of original sin and of the
atonement, both believe in the fact of the resurrec-
tion and the redemption of mankind. Agreeing on
these great leading principles of Christianity they
differ as to the interpretation of some few passages
of Scripture, in extending the divinity of the Son to
the Mother, in adopting or not some visible signs of
their faith, and in affirming or denying the real
presence. But these are such comparative trifles
compared to the great points on which they agree,
that whatever can be said of the influence of one
over the hearts and understandings, ;over the affec-
tions and morality of mankind, may with certainty
be predicated of the other. Their resemblance is
much more clear, and their differences much less,
than the agreement and difference of the French and
English Governments, and 'yet no one affirms that
the Government is in one country exclusively a
source of benefit, and in the other of mischief.

Now, as to the discipline of these Churches: one
is derived from the other, and retains almost all its
features. The orders of its priesthood are nearly
the same ; they underwent little alteration at the
Reformation. A few monks and nuns, abbots and
abbesses, were knocked off; but all the priests who
were retained, and all whom we now have, were in
the Romish Church, and were preserved fiom it.
They are paid, too, by tithes, oblations, gifts, and
alms just like the Popish priesthood, though they
scarcely do as much work for their money.
The ritual and practices of both Churches bear a
close resemblance. Both have preaching and pray-
ing on Sunday—both observe saints'-days and
holidays—both enjoin the saying and the repeti-
tion of prayers, which seem rather a mockery both
of the creature and the Creator than the correct
expression of man's feelings towards his Maker on
his wants. Both draw, as Churches, all the in-
struction they impart from the same books, and
neither travels beyond their bounds for the morality
it teaches.

Now, when the resemblance in principles is so
exact, when the two so closely agree in doctrines
and discipline, it seems to us very injudicious in
the Anglican priesthood continually to throw
so much dirt on the Catholic Church. Every spot
they make on it is a stain on their common
Christianity. Every imputation they heap on the
Catholic priesthood applies equally to themselves.
Every stigma they cast on the faith and on the
morality of the Papists reflects discredit on the faith
and morality of the Anglican Church. Mr. PLUM P-
TRE may conscientiously refuse to vote money for
the Catholic Church, but his conscience must be
made of extraordinary stuff if he do not at the same
time vote to withdraw every farthing now given by
the State, tithes and all, from the very similar
Church of England.
We are unable, on any principle of con-
science, to reconcile the prostration of the
understanding in our statesmen to the English
priesthood, and their fierce hostility to the
Roman Catholic priesthood, unless it ':,e a
conviction that they committed a gr(L5
towards the latter, which they " ustice
seek to hi,le by
abuse. They first plunder,:,, Chem, imposed cruel
laws on them, and 11:.,w, as a self-justification, they
abuse them. Weak persons like Mr. PLUMPTRE,
and his (1-rends, have probably another ground of
hostility. They envy the Catholics the confes-
sional, by which they get rid of the uneasiness
of sin, and they envy them the consolation which
is derived from the absolution pronounced by a
priest, whom Catholics and good Churchmen equally
believe to be clothed with Divine authority. What
they are really angry at, is the want of resem-
blance in those points to the Catholic Church,
and its great superiority ; but these defects in
the English Church Dr. PUS EY and his friends
are zealously employed in correcting, their exer-
tions corresponding to a very general sentimeot
amongst Churchmen, that the Anglican priesthood
cannot give that consolation to sinners which the
confessional and the power of absolution enable
the Papal priesthood to bestow, and they arc stea-
dily resolved to supply the deficiency.

The manner in which the investigations relative
to the murder of Lord WiLLIANt•itussELL have
been carried on, and the ample confession made by
tiihkeemwisoenradeblr o
o culprit, have put an end to anything
r surprise,comm itt thatcommitted
within so
a f e
many a,,cvt acts of
years,
similar character,
still remain undiscovered. Notwithstanding all the
boasted exertions of the police, the number of Ma-
gistrates, police Commissioners inspectors,
cons'ahles, that flocked to the house, and the and
strict
surveillance which it was said the police authorities
kept over the suspected party, up to the commence-
ment of the trial, universal belief prevailed that no evi-
dence had been obtained which would warrant a jury in
returning a verdict of guilty. The damning fact,
indeed, was discovered by accident, while, had any
thing like common sense or sagacity been displayed,
the murderer might have been discovered in a few
hours after the police had been called in. Some of
the police, indeed (so strongly impressed were
they that CoußvolslEß was the murderer), dis_
tinctly charged him with the deed, yet, strange to
say, they allowed the criminal for three days to
wander about the house, and conceal in various
places property which would at once have decided
his guilt. " The watch," says the convict in
his confession, " I had by me until Friday morning.
I then burnt the ribbon, and put the watch under
the lead in the sink. When I was celled
