from Cuba, next send it to the Cape of Good Hope,
unship and re-load it, and then brim* it hither and
sell it as the produce of our own colonies. In other
words the difference of du! v which is given as a bounty
to cur West India planters is so enormous, that it
pays the expense of sending the coffee more than half
round the globe to evade it. So it is with timber,
which has been sent from Norway to Canada,
and then imported here as Canada timber, greatly to
the advantage of the merchants. The expense and
labour wasted on the voyages of two ships, one coming
from Cuba to England, and going from England to
the Cape of Good Hope and back, unloading and re-
loading ; and the other going from Bergen to Canada,
unloading timber there, and reloading it and bringing
it to England, may be taken as indexes, for something
similar takes place in every department of industry, to
the immense losses, the immense waste of property and
to industry, which are annually inflicted on the com-
munity by our wretched system of fiscal regulations.
Mr. POULETT THOMSON took office to amend this
system, but he seems to have occupied it only to pre-
vent the exertions of some abler, more energetic, and
better disposed man.

The letter from the Cobbett Cub, which we in-
sert elsewhere, is a full answer to those who, like Mr.
FEARGUS O'CONNOR at Coventry, speak against
The Sun, because it prefers what it is honestly con-
vinced are the best interests of the working classes to
giving importance to a few ambitious demagogues.

We are happy to be able to quiet the alarm which
(according to the Morning Herald, expressed in an
article which we borrow), seems to prevail of an out-
break on the Ist of August at Jamaica, by stating
that an arrival from that island has reached England
of a date posterior to the Ist. Letters are in town
from Jamaica, dated August 3, which state that all
was then peaceful and rejoicing. The people, it is
expressly said, were quiet and well disposed. We
have no fear of mischief from conferring freedom and
doing justice ; it is instituting or upholding slavery,
and doing injustice, which breed riots, convulsions,
and great calamities in society.

Madrid Journals to the Ist instant inclusive have
reached us, but they bring no intelligence beyond what
was contained in the French Papers of Wednesday.

Lisbon Papers of the 31st ult. have reached us this
morning. They contain very little in the shape of
news. The Count DAS ANTAS has published an ad-
dress, presented by him to the QUEEN, protesting
against the rumours afloat of his connection with the
Chartists, and reiterating his former declarations in
favour of the Constitution. The following address
from the British Merchants in Lisbon to the Consul,
relative to the re-establishment of a British Civil and
Naval Hospital in that capital, calls for the prompt
attention of Lord PALNIERSTON

" LISBON, AUG. 1838.
Sir,—We, the undersigned British merchants established
in this city, beg leave to request your attention to a subject
which we think of importance.
"The British hospital in this city, which was built by the late
Mr. Gerard Devisme, a member of the British factory, having
by the repeal of the Contribution Act been left without any
fund for its support, was closed in December, 1825. Con-
sequently, the seamen and other distressed British subjects,
who till then had been received and treated there, have since
been sent to the Portuguese Hospital of St. Joseph.
Having ascertained, from repeated inquiries, that this arrange-
ment is productive of very grievous suffering to the parties,
both from their ignorance of the Portuguese language
and the neglect with which they are generally treated,
and wishing to remedy this inconvenience, and contribute
towards the comfort and speedy cure of the patients, wo
feel desirous of re-establishing the hospital on its former
footing ; to which end we propose to raise a moiety of the ex-
penses by voluntary subscriptions (amongst ourselves) and
from the merchant vessels frequenting this port, if her Ma-
jesty's Government will, in accordance with the provisions of
the Act of the 6th George IV., cap. 87, sec. 11 and 12, be
pleased to grant the other moiety of the expenditure, with
Permission to convert the hospital, hitherto vacant, to the
purposes for which it was built, one moiety of the ground-
rent of which we have continued to pay since the year
1825. We, therefore, beg you will lay this our retresen-
tation before Lord Viscount Palmerston in the confident
hope that his Lordship will be pleased to sanction the means
proposed, more particularly as we unierstand that her M.ijes-
ti's Government allow the sum of 1001. per annum to b.! paid
iu aid of be fonds raised at Oporto for the support of the Bri-
tish hospital in that city.
" We are, Sir, your obedient servants, &c.
" Jeremiah Meagher, Esq. Her Britannic
M.ijesty's Acting Consul, Lisbon."

The Paris Journals of Thursday are destitute of all
interesting intelligence. The Debats publishes a
correspondence between General BUGEAUD, the pro-
secutor of General BROSSARD at Perpignan, and M.
BOINVILLIERS, General BROSSARD'S advocate, in
which M. BUGEAUD complains that the Learned
Counsel overstepped the line prescribed by legal
usage to attack his character. This is denied by M.
BorNvtrA, (Ens, who, however, declines to give M.
BUGEAUD any further satisfaction before lie has ren-
dered his client all the assistance in his power in
conducting an appeal from the sentenv of the Court
Martial. From a report of the proceedings it is but
too plain that General BUGEAUD did not enter the
Court with clean hands, and consequently, that he now
dreads the disclosures which he himself was the first
to provoke, in order to accomplish the ruin of a
military rival. General BUGEAUD early obtained
the reputation of an expert duellist, and it is sa:d
that his personal courage has more than once
prevented disclosures which would have cast an
indelible stain upon his moral character. In
(Vending General BROSSARD, I\i. I3oINVIt,
Lit is undertook to show that his client, though
less prudent, was not more guilty than the military
Nitnesses who gave evidence against him ; and in the
opinion of nine-tenths of the people of Franco the
Learned Advocate was quite successful. But the im-
portant question that suggests itself is, Win these dis-
closures lead to a change, of system in the military
government of French Africa ? We fear not. The
plunderers may fight about the division of the spoil,
hut there will be no restoration of property, no cessa-
tion of wrong, to the plundered.
The Swiss question continues to be very intempe-
rately discussed in the French Ministerial Journals.
They seem not. to be aware that in bullyin Switzer-
land, nogg ;dishonours herself in the eves oft Europe.
Were the Swiss as pawocul as the Russians, Coupe
Mor.E would not dare to insult them with such
a message as he has authorised the Duke of
MoNT&-
BELLO to communicate to the Diet.

The following extracts from Thursday's journals in.
elude the only paragraphs in (NIP in the way of gene-
ral news :

Otl
w'AnloonfdaEyuevaetnitnhge tchehiarteNaluaj.estoiesa received
the town of Eu at the Chateau. On TueSday
tlnteorinaidniges ticl)!
Minister of Public Instruction set off for Paris. At twelve a
deputation of officers of the National Guard of Dieppe was
presented to the• King by the Sub-Prefect of the arioadisse-
ment. Hl3 Majesty also received the Mayors of Eu and
io
Treport, some officers of the navy, and the officers of the
Ist Light Infantry and 2d Cuiraniers on duty at Eu. The
Prefect ache Seine Inferieure, the General- Commandant of the
department, the Sub-Prefect of Dieppe, and several officers
Mayor of the National Guards of that town, the
of Eu, 13P 4
several officers of the troops on duty, as well as the Clergy of
tl,e town, Ead the honour of dining with their Majesties.
TituNDER-STORM AT PARlS.—Tuesday o„e_•eg
m 4 violent
storm of thunder and hail broke over the capital about half-
past six. The day had been ushered in by thunder and light-
ning, with partial heavy showers in the morning, and the heat
was oppressive during the afternoon- 4 hailstorm occurred
at about half-past five, but did not last long ; h., an he
ur after,
however, the clouds, which were heaped in majestic masses,
driving heavily before a south-'south-west wind, discharged
their electric eontentF, and a violent precipitation of hail en-
sued. The stones, many of which were nearly as large as a
small walnut, were flattish sp!teroidal hodins eryst4ilipd
round a well-defined centred nuci!cus in concentric layers.
A cross current of clouds appeared at the same time
to be taking nearly a northerly direction. We do nut
yet know the full extent of the damage occasionei ;
but in the north-western part of the capital the sky-
lights of private houses, and especially of the passages,
suffered considerably. In tbe rasage Vivienne, the Galerie
