PUBLIC BUSINESS.

The SPEAKER said that he was now abaut to proceed
with the public list. If he rightly understood the feel-
ings of the House on Friday, no public petitions were to
be presented, except those which had reference to the
Irish Coercive B;11.

Mr. ROBINSON wi,hed, before the question was
put, to ask whether that was the understanding or not of
the House.

The SPEAKER did not know whether the Hon. Mem-
ber was in the House at the time the understanding took
place ; but he could assure him he (the Speaker) was.
The 1-1,,n. Member for Dublin, who had a large number of pe-
titions to present, had stopped short in the presentation
of his petitions upon the understanding that similar pe-
titions only were to he presented this day. He hid no
doubt that such was the opinion of the House on Friday,
but whether it remained of the same opinion to-day was
another question.
Mr. ROBINSON would then refer to the general sense
of the House if they were to proceed with Irish petitions
to-day to the exclusion of all other petitions when it
would stop, as he felt sure the presentation of Irish peti-
tions would exclude all others for some time to come.

The SPEAKER observed that when it should stop,
would depend upon the decision of the House. alit if
that understanding was now to be departed from, many
Hon. Members who had petitions to present of a different
nature, and who were absent on the understanding that
petitions against the Irish Coercive Bill only were to be
presented, would be unfairly dealt with, and have great
reason to complain.

Mr. ROBINSON would bow to the suggestions of the
Chair.

Mr. COBBETT said he had had the honour of having
committed to his care thirty petitions upon the sub.
ject of the Bill before the House, and had not the peti-
tioners, who hail sent him other petitions, understood that
their petitions were to pass through the Post-office, post-
free, he should have had ten or fifteen more petitions,
each signed on an average by about 5,000 names. The
rolls were laree, and he bad been compelled to return them
to the Post-office, unless he had chosen to incur an ex-
pense of about 151. in postage during the last week. He
would occupy as little of their time as possible, and he would
speak, once for all, upon the whole of the petitions, it
being always his desire to trespass as little as possible on
the time of the House. He could have occupied th-ir
time with petitions, but he had Inver presented one until
now, and therefore he hoped he might he permitted to
state generally the contents of his petitions, when he would
hand them to the Cieik to be read at length, or disposed
of as the House should please to order. The first was
from Guildford and Goldalming in Surrey, praying partly
of s relief frc,m taxation, but chiefly that the House would
refuse to give its assent to a Bill to place Ireland
tinder martial law. The next was from Huddersfield to
the same effect; it contained 9,300 signatures, and
measured 130 feet long—(Laughter)--which was twice
the length of the House, but only a yard in width. The
whole of the petitions which he had to present, if spread
on the floor of that House, would cover the whole of it.
The next petition was from Pedley(we believe), in Lanca-
shire; one from Hyde in Cheshire, and one f om Keightley in
Yorkshire, the latter praying the House to pause before it
adopted a measure of coercion with regard to Ireland, and to
do away with the tithes and the Irish hierarchy, which the
petitioners stated to he the only means of restoring peace
and tranquillity in that country. The next was from
Deptford and Greenwich, signed by 6 or 7,000 persons,
praying the House not to pass a law which was to cause the
King's sul jects to be tried before officers in the army who
were wholly dependent for their bread on the pleasure of the
King's setvants. The next was from Congleton in
Cheshire, the petitioners of which felt convinced that
this measure was intended to be only the first step in that
career of tyranny, which would finally end in the total
slavery of the people, or in a convulsion- which would
overthrow the Government. The next was from a town.
ship in Yorkshire, declaring the measure to be unneces-
sary and unconstitutional, as was declared on a former
occasion by the First Lord of the Admiralty. Petitions
also to the same effect from Stratford-upon-Avon, from
Gredingtun, in Gloucestershire, and from the parish of
Easterby, in Kent, signed by all the freeholders in that
parish except one. The petitioners perceived that
the present measure was only a stepping-stone to
the introduction of a similar one into England,
that it was intended to continue the grinding system of
taxation by means of military law—they relied upon the
House, as he (Mr. Cobbett) relied that they would not
pass it. The next was from a parish in the county of
Mayo, asserting, as all petitions from that county had
done, that the statements which had been
made of its disturbed condition were entirely
void of foundation. He presented petitions also from
Castle Sullen, in King's County, from the body of shoe-
makers in the town of Galway, from the inhabitants of
Cronpiece, and from Millingham (we believe) in Ireland.
The latter prayed the House to take their grievances into
consideration, and to refuse their assent to a Bill which was
to put the lives and liberties of his Majesty's subjects
at the mercy of military officers. The next was a peti-
tion from the parish of Westport, in the county of Mayo,
having the same object in view, and predicting, as he (Mr.
C.) did, that the Bill would not pass, at all events
without very considerable alterations. The next peti-
tions upon the same subject, were from the town of Galway,
from Clackmanshaw, in the county of Wexford, from
Ballynaslaney, and from the Members of the Westminster
Society for the Diffusion of really Useful Knowledge. The
latter was not from the Society of sham Useful Know-
' ledge, but from one which shooed the people the
manner in which they were fleeced, and how the
money was taken from their pockets—(Hear, hear)—
while those who received the taxes escaped taxation alto-
gether. They besought the House not to pass the Bill
in any form or shape whatever, but particularly depre-
cated the establishment of military tribunals, which, if
once introduced into Ireland, they foresaw would soon be
introduced into England.—(Cries of " Hear, hear.")
The next petition was from Warrington, very nume-
rously signed, and a very sensible petition, praying that
martial law might not be established in Ireland, and pre-
dicting that if it were, it would soon be established here.
The people all saw from one end of the country to the
other, that that would be the case, and they were re-
solved to resist it if they could. They said if it were done,
our Constitution would be a mere mockery. The Hon.
Member cordially agreed with them; nay, be thought it
would be much worse than a mere mockery—it wound be
the grossest insult to talk of the Constitution. After
reading the definition of a Constitution, given by
Blackstone, any person who had the impudence to
talk of the constitution in any sensible company,
alter the introduction of martial law into Ireland, would
he kicked out of that company—(Hear, and laughter)--
there would be no such thing as the Constitution.
The next petition was from Castlebar, in the county of
Mayo, against the substitution of courtsmartial for trial
by jury.—(Hear, hear, hear.) This was the grand
unpalatable
dependent
suptohna
libertieslng andof
his
nothing t
Majesty's u
subjectsl
ng d be so
bcers. Ambition and
the appointment of a fete o
young
dread of poverty both operated powerfully in their minds
c
(the strongest stimulants the human mind can have), to
make them obey the commands of a cruel Government.—
(Hear, hear.) The next petition was from Ballyskene,
against what they called the bloody Bill. Whether they
.t
were correct or not in calling it the bloody Bill, it would
be for the House to decide; but that was he title they
gave to it. The next was from the parish of St.
Michael's, Dublin, to the same effect. The next was
from the borough of Southwark, in Surrey, against what
they called the red-coat Bill. The next was from
the parish of St. George the Martyr, against what
the petitioners called the red-coat martial Bill.—
(Laughter.) The next was from the inhabitants of West-
minster, to the same effect; but the Hon. Member would
not repeat the name the petitioners gave to the Bill. He
believed they were quite in order in the appellation they

not to Pr(
affixed to it, but his modesty made hitnt.ine
._boitatits 0
nounce it. The next petition was from t 1,11
the fool El'irr
able rderahier
itinns on the ts
then said, that there were thus SO pet intrusted,
lets,
la rYalelsi:n''; againstand
which had bp
n 01 all
before them, the presentation of
to read the
to him, but as it would be vexatious oi,sp
to do so. lyini
through, he would not press for leave
0, the friej'
to the petitioners to have no speeches
petitions e
that their vrs
sentation of their petitions, but the pentio
read, and afterwards printed. What the :36';
the 13111.
wanted was, in the first place, to be hears('
the last WaTs hfer"nflonow
nion was, however, that it would he mucdmh
thing they wanted was to have their word
xpiember) I °elt
and as to expense (continued the lion. yr,_
them all 0
undertike to find a printer who will pel. L
less than the sinecure of Lord Grenville bin},hro sod'
Grenvi le has had 4,0001. a-year ford.oin tor ,00 oin;
God knows, he has had it long enoug
who Wto
a-year, I will undertake to find a printe.e,...os.°,
and jab,
every petition that is presented to the
the
manner to be approved of by the Clerk of
_t if their'
would be the way to get rid of the petitioe nn
he I eliding' 't
tern was to be continued of reading onlY,t,i,„att
shoo
the PK.,TI
them, and if some days Hon. Members elogt" r P
them, and sometimes they might 01 di.agno6;
would get out of temper, they would get ill fret_
with the House, they would consider themselves the
and it would not be difficult to conjecture 5.:71 not
sequence would he. He was sure he I.::_vatiues 03,
thought out of order, if lie made a few ob be 1,51
the contents of the petitions before him.
81,,ecti (if
tt
said, there were thirty
of them ; and 00eic r°o, be coin;
could be called so) for thirty petitions, cou
vier; got f
amdoere grati
sidered out of the way.—(Hear.) If e gotation
P" l'Pe
thirty petitions, they would pass on pretty rnPthe
petitios
man only made one speech on the
first upon which he would comment sy"'-,,littouti°l;
from Surrey, from Godalming, and in nel„
,evero re'
and he had presented that petition first, for bt leaeure'
oof pleao"'
eons, because it presented to the mind feelings ' r
of pride, and of shame.—(Hear, hear.) „It !gee!'
because there was a body of Englishmen
n''torions
iG
able, the best disposed, and the most Illelrilor.feelig.
England, who proved that they bad a f to esVre's
for the people of Ireland, and had come forwart.e becauo
their feelings in the most sensible manner,--P self sl'j
this petition came from the epos on which he "
which
born—shame, because there were circumstances°
their oso'
prevented the petitionetssending their petitionst
,:sc,"lo bier
representative—and sorrow, because he (Mr. C.),,etatice:
self iestrumental in causing the return of that repee'ic`temptts•Ei
tondoH would say no more on that subject. ne
not base 41
ut on recorel,
in justice to his own native county. The Pe fie cr!.
so, but he would not. Less he couldthenottivtie'n frog:
Huddersfield was deserving of great attention.
rsfieid
sorry he did not see the Hon. Member for I-lo3d' respee,t;
his place. He had lately been loud in speakite ssl°
fully of the people of Huddersfield. coil
that the labouring manufacturers there Were JO):
tuayrbsishirlelipnrgesseantfaletaiosnt,, arnhtelreinfogree,nerhrael
It)leeroepLehilliag!ere n°`
a parcel of paupers, and this was a petitiotnhteresi;:tecipeb':,
9,300 of them, praying that this Bill might vai of 1.0
into a law, and expressing the greatest di•alllnvaii,hed
They prayed that military law might not be esta",jaipatee
Ireland, because, if the House allowed it, they "1,11.4 flea
that tt e some would he extended to England•
resist Id
ther said that they wouid, by all legal means' are cvou.,
Bill, and every other of a similar description.
of"ibe
;A il I, f nhi tuners..esiatrr.syta
hearsay
Theyevidence, d showsnaci
ed
now state the general opinion and prayer _ by t
was
l
send
producedaal
bt thett
beggar
a suchras :Cwt o) pretended Court
wmopifei r :Ls°ppufar rolnevPog, ejoaci:ldrso. atMinis rt
fa
ers, if
how neis the House to know but that it wa' gtnuedi
spies, who were paid out of the stoat servicedder4el
One of the petitions stated—he believed the flu a cla
not only hearsay, but anon Sin
~t;froe;
one—that they were astonished to observe that Poo tv
was introduced to protect Members of that House dof ig
operation of the Bill, lie had never seen or beige acid
oppressive Bill being passed without such a el°, eroe
introduced ; no, not even in the time of the tyrant rito'rerli
infamous Castlereagh. The principle which hen t gotee
been acted upon was, that a Member of tblas neei
could net be sent to prison till a complaint, -rlezid,
dtlßoaomy, ,aatnyi
yibeteSt d:Hyae.yi
tiodsuTet:i
brought b-fore the House, and it h" t Yir
upon the imprisonment of the Member'
eisuocl
this Bill, said the Hon. Member, I may go to Irtorping;
red-eoated gentry in the afters on, and next ne'sesY t
beat
be in Botany Bay—(lmmense laughter)-00 tieea
Mthe electiens in eland—their tools had retiree
j-cted. Teey saw a small band of pateint9o -do i,l
Mre dijelitselemrsineh: been
pen, le 's work—(Cheers)—ind that was the reason
rhat Bid had been In ought forward. It wa, ti 0:1
Wlitte'eet or B:ackfeet, or why put a stop meelaenet
the open d:y ? Why should Members of (wed
ai
guw j cteri to its operation, or why should thosel ger°,
b! dragged befme those military office" re n,
oers of Parlia, ent were not murderers ; libeller' ,iere'Vr
White'eet or Black feet. The petitioners said the mevne"
i'ceyownitfh,:eicesot an,evwpa,ll aes( takena.proclamation
n beforei n th
the
j,luaecl
nit lis
nut introduced for the protec ion et* p rsons and rri,sld'7,
no, not even of parsons, but for the purpose of nPoigics
sidereal this Bill as merely a warninv--"%-4e el'he
oibtit',:fef:Etweio say,
nxtilli aeii(ts:undis‘dyen‘:(Bl)T'EUasannttskdeogamelywa.nEcoodaf::;lgeTitai
England."—(
i what uevesyea well ae in larrwr,aele)leeahtemfe:iniblefrr'.pueratidiciri je!t-m5,111e,
patience of the people, and the provisions noel c" tar
pit u
never
assure the House that tithes were far from being wog II
Englind had it not been for the constant presenc% %vs of °
diers and bayonets among the people. No doubt
,14, re O,PI
singular sort of resistance when naked breast' biesa;l
posed to bayonets, but. means might be found to
ere ss',
bayonets before they reached the breast. 'rt'Afoje°l
no man in his senses but must see that his 0014
servants intended to reduce the wnole of the c?‘".° 00' '
military law.—(Cries of " Oh, oh;" tljt
He would say, " Yes, yes." No man in his t,e°
ee
must see it ; but let the people only be conY,i,aeci;e fj re
that was the intention, then a struggle would .; tls"r",
such as never had been seen in this country. 13u;itng'
be a Government of King, Lords, and Coura°,°Jud
-
us courtsmartial to be tried by instead 01 titel
and Juries—if they were to take the C° doer
1102 cf
from England, the same as they were about
fern Ireland, then Government must eaeloe
destroyed, or the people must be a,
and for his part he was resolved, as far as he bit
cerned, to do all in his power to avoid slaverY• „alGi
An HON. MENIBER rose to order. He untiere'n
the Hon. Gentleman who had just presented thebrec
hail received several of those petitions from ao°t„,et
Member, which, he submitted, was not COIVIii,"
the regulations of the House. eei-sti
re'
The SPEAKER said that he understood the r the P
to have been made for the purpose of facilitatiog 0,
sentation of petitions on that particular sobjelee tijfe
hi
M
tented
Memberoe idb,
jeetrah:p;tewpmptehrha:oorberiandici
a,
I,dyp:
sefibter
eldf,
niedate milityi
more
rent
eimrnmopvsnteiteotei idytttiehowrbeni
yiasctlhattrhhsefaea•hltoieaefwdtpoi;acepitrtogi
erisears,!:;Pf of
et
bat
by
Mr.otae sHlo,nß.iclemLbAexr
Dthefibltettcearucehdanucpeotnhere W"0
wtunderstandingi:.rd,rss,,iin
consequence succeed i nog; the
or 0.
er
nhips•eeeonnrttfoi
becausemneeo
that to b•ellt
and he felt convinced that they hi'-„trolig;sl
Hon. Member bad presented, namely, those frogho e Asia
dersfield and Keiehtley. He knew many of those 11,.;
two of the petitions '
ffGb%
ro‘ petitions,u.
ooirtimvaettt whetherhhernveet
in them. He could, however, not g° of th
full extent of supporting all parts of the Pre, Ibis P°lol
express their
freedomtheir opwinnioenserotovoglys itnolier;!:;
he deviated from them ul3°,„. Dloje°o°
xnt
it had been proved by I"; for ,„e
course they had adopted, and whether a 0011 all° r,,
there was a case of necessOtini,srj
rotCeeotni:otitouftiriritfie
anti
liptropneortry.....to
(oeneasre,otheoltoe
He would not support Government is the Prid „rile
surest if he was not fully convinced they vouhe ecuefe,
every desirable reform in the institutions of I" been r
and would, without delay, effect that which W1;1000110
rinsed, but not performed—he meant the t
tithes,—( Hear, hear.) It was in the conurd" that.n)
these measures would be brought forwarienr, beers
now- supported his Majesty's Government. n
the '1°1)01
He did nos mean to disguise his feelings on any re
but he must say, that never did the at the
er,,4
meet, place such confidence iu men as they did '".06‘11",-0
for the good of the country, be was sure it V 4
eun't Orre
e,
impossible for them to carry the p
resdiatelY off
sent Ministers, and if they did not exercise thoa.tidruhe 0
He hoped and trusted Ministers would inime rrd
forward those measures to which he had adver
eve, ;Y
ing every pledge they had made, and therehY,a„poo.
the expectations of the public from being of aro of
Mr. F. O'CONNOR, in supporting the pia}sed
at jt,
petitions, said that lie had felt not a little surpri okep lot
remarks made by the Hon. Member who bail
He felt surprised that he had not recomrl.oded
oar
which would alone put an end to

i

'''Y cop •
namely,
le total re've measures towards Ireland,
avit,., aheliti li of tithes. So far from Govetnoientot
I,,ke'th"ne fitly thing to abolish tithe, they
meant
„inv
kni • them a grea'er grievance than h-f"ret h P" h-
erg.),:nti,h,he pockets of the landlords instead of r 0
tuta.,4l ,
.nrily 1311 now in progress was fora. com-
)le.ifini tithes, which would increase the grievance,.
the 4 ' he therefore felt sus,icion at the statements , r
tolle,,,h°:',sletnher, that he should support Miiiio,eiir::
hiciineti
to ad shown themselves totally ineapahle and
The
'',4arp.,? an Y thing for the relief of Ireland.
411'1,11rwhich
, had been proposed by Mini‘ters for the
1,,,,,, ALT were, in fact good for nothing. . .
Preettitit'i,LTßOßP did not s,ish to interfere with the
14"itt 1
y?f petitions by making a lengthened static,-
5fr,,,,,,i° the usage • but 'he must protest igain4 the oh
hid ill °‘ Which had fallen from.
of the
butee: "a'
than'do He talked about the increasee oTtittlim
CI% of
shi-:::illanti:,n 1111P.eollie, by the ()petition of tb
He would deny that it wouldtenlitainvne
!eat, ration, or that Government bad
any
m f the
'atillordr 1 it of putting the tithes into the pocket o

alt
, p
}:\44LThade.. (31:coNtcon allowed that the observations he
th%le Lori "I arisen entirely from the statements of the
'els% ' that it was intended to take the tithes from
Lad A,and give them to the landlord.
Netatite CrtfOßP
list had made that observation in
Ifr. o,to° the Rill of session
,C'tr""litt2MNNELL said the Bill had been referred to a
.""tesfe'e of Which he was a member, but regretted that
'loot more county Nlembers attached to it.
Ala r„III811 CHURCH REFORM BILL.
"kii 'CONNELL said that when last he bed.
Illil,f,:l'h"Pion from the Noble Lord with respect to this
t'w to' tad Vol from
him that it was then being copied. lie
1,0 "'ll ts k
0, rd ALT nnw___
-iitl,l ch,eq,l°llP--Tbe Bill is now on the table.-
I.°pC°NNF.LL--Oh I am answered.
rftb: 'ELDEN , '
support the prayer
t4t ystitione •as understood to
a,, tls Ma. r' in each petition, and to express
'tee ""Y 's Government and the House would take
It,, "r the
a, coil_ complaints as they hail been detailed
.by histo
'ipll'ett to eatie. The Hon. Member was proceeding,
..
~..'l4,', Wh'e"l,e Misrepresentations respecting him in, a dai.l',
"It ttL;ol,l,"e Was interrupted by cries of " 1\ o, "o'
L.C'l'lle7nEe sat flown.
s,e,taid, h RCEVAL rose to take notice of what hat
'ISi.:,I.W! f.,„,'1,- at fuoll:itnioee. evening, by the Hon. and Learned
licr, he ,at d° , but, ont being interrupted by the
,kltetitin wn.
in \',lll/1,,"" were then ordered to lie on the table.
4:5 üb.'"' PARKER presented a petition from a town
-`"t te:ticY °I Suffolk, praying the House to refuse its
loamkt, , ' till for coercing Ireland.
IklttEa
tt htlt ,' OSWALD presentedpetition
111 illil 5 "'Now Political Unionistsa against
Cl 4 •ttas ' ' The petitioners considered that that
I.oeitt emtrsry to the principles of the British
t
to t 44 thl'i.ll,l' sod they stated, that if it was passed,. i
Oia'''tlaal:),ll he found convenient to extend its provisions
11.,re fah ,'Il England. They felt indignant. that the
g,,,'itttt, ou'd have been introduced by his Majesty's
th',,pil• a" they besouaht the House to restore theb
Aid3,ircirti,gi'll emertsined of-' its wisdom anti integrity, by
ti that infamous and tyrannical measure,wisa
He steal shy Prove to the world that the House
POtettel34 upholder of the liberty of the subject.
the
1111',''' of thatthat he could not support the whole of
y ~,`N ,„ Petition He was of opinion that a case
Pa°,;i: the eilisute, (Alt tvl.ich
bellcaed for addition.al powers he-
thit'Not,i, n:ig laws, to placed at the disposal of the
'llta. I°lo4l with regard to Ireland. He was satisfied
t
Ile agt 4,Parts of Ireland there existed a degree u`
to iNtli 'eh called for extraordinary powers, but
t 0 ise"lt :;'€l with the petitioners in disapproving
'407,,t0t-s.ii"e Part of - the 811 which lie held
tot,t. 'loge: uncalled for. tie anti' tied to that part
k free41 tg, , Urt'inlartiale( Hear, hear.) Hen heldiste
octouwrittsb-
t'firlelt!(`'witvbeitZneeinvt'.l offences to he utterly inc
'--(iie•r, hear.) No frees Government
To v"' sk Proloiety resort to coot tsmartial to try civil
ttaitt e'Pt in case f rehellion.—(Hear,
°Kit' art of (b•
"'n should ive h's
' decided
tl„id los. the Bill he g
hie}, he
that ''°l d• There were other parts of w
re,
151:1Pr°'believed the 27th clause,
*ere Pectin •"d', One—he
ttiler,o 4
e, g signals, in which the _ th, nPelled i rove a negative. I oefe ..
,t 4 Itira ,},. 0 p
b' lar''' Pm- into,
he disapproved of, but which he would
h 'Jahr
ti '''d '`l. • visits should, he to . a
- t , ' less v Domici lary
°I d4.4' Ns t'l'etion hi for chat part of the Bill relating
-urro rats te' most tyrannical. In all cases
p,,,, eilitr... present state J
jP.,"ee Of 7 Visits they should not be made w. i.thour the
or'd' W 4,, 4 41aeistrale. Another part to which h,e,
it_tbm-
tka,t4Pttlythe making of any place a gaol, at the whim
telt
Cili„l° tflevih" Sppr hended a person. The next p i
Iltas"W, ap,'"rne effect, was from the inhabitants ofthird,
Tails t 4 lb '-eed to at a public meeting. The. .
ij.4. of"Gll':,lle effect, was from the Corporation of
one '. O'co.,vr'w.
ote rat.
ft "lin "NELL would not occupy more than
Prey ''titat,„ He had received +l. great number of letters
tio47, Of the Petitioners, requ.s.ing him to support the.
hi IA ' drute Pelitlim.. Out of respect to those pett-
thlll Seottli a g' eat many others who had written. to
diets peal'
r, , and, he be. gel to state, Oat in. supporting
it ''' the tne only reason that preventea hioi trim
.ad-s"tr'•°„,l'seet,,li"lNe on those , .itions being presented wa a
k,.'l 'tie. e 'e
which the li•ause had
.(4.ltr or the rule to
tot ' ilotki)
IIP 44d,ria„„,,-siCK put it to the House, whether it was
AltZLNtit.-'1 that Nlernbers were not to make speeches
117r` iii°4:4.l He had observed that two or three
Pia,' 44,4'.",e5a sd•lressed the jiouse upon a petition: .
444'' '4 th-}(R said, that such was errtainy the im
ttil e House, but it was impossible to lay
Itli e.
on iii. itOL)4 down a
of thee 'rtle ,-'„t:,,cl( bad a number of petitions to present
100 i theta of la Jet'. The film. was from tie intai•itants
oati,,;" ea.,litatltAli, signed by nearly 4,000. persons.
itiTdhi:y_
',sense"ld at -Ppor.unity to state their sorrow,
,i, ote me arm at the introduction into that House
now tt,e4 ttekt'',4sures towards the long-suffering and
theygrievances
,oi nett FeltonMled up e ' and to national injustice..
Wi i'ieii• ',' ~,,,,," Waa°f• . r -"hwn members of the Political
itt was- '1"is(111,'.'10 Thatrolpnettitieon was worded in a way in
"ated „ty , nr,tick) should not have worded it ; but
fear that ''at if '''' present all petitions that came to. him.a
re,4 ib- sitpii
rilaitt Bill were passed, they entertaine
handta- 'O4- 4neunstitutional measures would be ehn-
-aad 4 -ent Par of the kinedom—(Hear )..-tbat t e
i'dwe't, oVvfi hth:es.A4ii not with safety be intrusted to the
1 l'hol., , ' tvh, i tisters who bad so prostitutedi ,thsoe
',414,1'.41 tyr, .e." the armed as to introduce aaw
`-fttaii,' ly:th'
("IN, Y were armed
and that they
boti t,',5, t h`'l'adenceanto the first reformed House of
cel''''',4io° -5,,,.e the courage to standup in support of the
"he'tilil O.' The next u tition was from the Bradford
,k , , than
.- • e
strong langualte.
;`47owriltie, 'ln Which was the same s .
'totica Is„1""•' stated that the present Bill would
11,rikt ')
it 4" into a state of anarchy, esoini-
k4see'4lo".4esde moil
_war and that his Majesty's -
04 Q Itt n longer worthy of their confide.nee.
Petii. tti ,o, elober then presented a petition from Kileo-
lb !°,4 e I,4°liter parish in the county of 3layo.
saying
It4t,ust 4,-e to him accompanied by a letter, i.e
vet,h' liee,-,5OtY was in a state of the
_most perfect peanc
a.
1114‘ dill' en
that the barony c• Gallen was i
b.
Ptli No 1-'4 "tate • and the kttsr stated the facts to a
4044,41ea1,,k):(,?tbera 'had quarrelled about a house ; some
woa, to la, 'e sent to keep the peace ; therefore the baron
y
*14% 4 til; Proclaimed. The other case was of a young
i 0 4:lieclohilad a secret understandi.ng with her admirer,
',eheli,,r to ' kod as the barony did not rise en masse,
tue'l,4;t'l Tens her, therefore it must be in a state of
"` tithes"ty ti a''e letter further stated, that the people. in
tl'la but IT red passive resistance to the collection
;"4';t,',rl':;°llii trie real offence that the inhabitants had
'"i1'5011,5.,."-There were about 196 freeholders
Sirre
iv''4'l,ftliaar°°Y, all of whom had voted for
fr.
I);,'"ht,,,,qt 4offence which could not.
from
'lr. pY' iti N'.'4' Member also presented a petition
Persons 41\,1144tithre.
hl'e Petiti'lN'L Presented a petition, signed by 1,500
the attetb.,,°tets‘:,t to the Political Union of Briglatoen.
.. e trial ir it, t4it''teti the horror with which they viewed
ti,reatt tit hy jury, ' from a portion of their fellow subjects
food'' 1311% ?loekrk "hich they considered to be one of the
jwere Wo4l,4ltlte,,i° of the liberty of the subject—that
tier.e tht 4 ag,r 4 alleviating the distress of lr-
etheir
a.lesty,4 eatl,,° avate it—that they considered tithes
their tia li4; Pf the disturbances, and that if his
vett, ~_ gOt
~,;'ters were not aware of these facts,
thet.hey":l,etrlleit7hi,,Pholitical knowledge.
.wholly unfitted
They 'vete e ate: and responsible situations, and that
'Y °tie "of them and persisted in this Bill,
kea Inlplo qually ti fi
t„,„ eute. „„'d the ri t for their situations by turpitude
t.-agt'ittaa rie ra use to reject this most barbarous
h",Q,„i:h -t411,i), thOse;tet?tricljally concurred in the statements
passedr'rlieli er"attlado 'nth and supported the prayer with
ijoli th„ '1 ota„ u• , His Majesty's Ministers might
i 4 irti W°4ld -,4!." in contetnpl ition, but if that. Bill
i Als, i,l. 411 in effecting
t''''n an, "Pre anything like pacifica-
cf liy• ! alma
-'oted •
. n/iniy, be. toll,k a petition signed' by several gen-
:,!Pressed heil..4 tr,jee many clergymen and Doctors
'lneed, it IN' 4 4,1-i"gutle4r,t,,,of the Cartwright club. They
Ind, kg tt at the measures intro-
r the pacification of Ireland,
i
