THEATRICAL MISCELLAN Y.

It is now mentioned that the new stage of Drury-lane
will not be ready by the 19th instant, and that opening
must be deferred for another week.

Mr. Macready has not entered into any engagement
with the new lessee of Drury-lane Theatre, as has been
reported.

Mr. Macready has received from Sir E. L. Bulwer
his new five act play, which will immediately be put into
rehearsal at the Haymarket Theatre, and it is more
than probable that it will be produced at the latter end
of the present month. Phillips has been
,expressly en-
gaged by Mr. Webster to paint new and appropriate
scenery for it, and it will brought out under the able
direction and superintendence of Mr. Macready, regard-
less of expense.
A new farce, called Brother Tom, or Dear Relations,
taken from the same French subjects as Alive and
Merry, performed at Covent-garden Theatre, will be
produced at the Haymarket on Thursday.
It is said of the St. James's Theatre that Braham
has admitted Mr. Bunn, late of Drury-lane, as his
tenant, and the lessee has gone to Paris, principally to
engage dancers.

Buckstone has worked up a five act drama for the
Adelphi, from Ainsworth's novel of Jack Sheppard.
The English Opera House will be opened this even-
ing with the Promenade Concerts, under the same ar-
rangements as they were first introduced to the public
last season. The band will consist of sixty performers,
and be selected from her Majesty's Theatre, the Phil-
harmonic, and the Royal Society of Musicians. The
lovers of instrumental music will thus have an opportu-
nity of hearing the highest class of compositions per-
formed by the leading musicians of the day, at the
smallest charge of any public amusement in London.
Sheridan Knowles closed an engagement on Friday
last at Newcastle with his benefit, on which occasion he
produced a new piece, acted for the first time, entitled
Woman's Wit, and in which Miss Elphinstone sustained
the heroine.

Charles Kean appeared at the " National" (Wal-
lack's) on Monday the 9th of September, in Hamlet, to
a brilliant and overflowing audience, and his reception
was the most enthusiastic that can be imagined. Miss
Inverarity, Miss Poole, and Giubelei, appeared at the
" Park" the same night, and were most rapturously re-
ceived by an elegant and crowded audience. Madame
Celeste also attracted a crowded house at the " Bowery."
We regret to hear Charles Kean has been seriously
ill since his arrival in New York, and unable to fulfil
his engagement at the National Theatre. A private
letter gives a very alarming account' of his illness--the
dangerous symptoms had not subsided on the departure
of the Great Western for England.
Mr. Price had arrived and taken the command of the
Park Theatre.

Mr. Ranger has appeared at the. Park Theatre, New
York, in several of the characters he performed so
successfully at the Haymarket Theatre. Mr. Ranger
at the termination of his engagement at New York,
proceeded to Philadelphia, where he is engaged on liberal
terms.

Died, at Houston, Texas, July 27, Vincent De Camp,
Esq., king and favourably known to the theatrical public
both in America and in England.
Chapman, the captain and manager of Chapman's
Floating Theatre, died recently near Manches-
ter, Mississipi. Mr. Chapman was many years a
vary respectable actor at Covent-Garden The-
atre. He was distinguished above all his brethren
for a quick study and retentive memory, and in cases
of deep emergency, he would study and play a part
from scene to scene without the aid of a prompter. On
his arrival in America, he built a floating theatre, and
proceeded up the Mississippi, and by touching in popu-
lous neighbourhoods, and going up small and tributary
rivers and performing to the inhabitants, he made out
an excellent living for himself and a numerous family,
the members of which formed a complete corps drama-
tique.

-The play of Richelieu has been brought out at the
Nationil Theatre, New York, with great success ;
Forest, the American tragedian, sustaining the principal
character with powerful effect.
A new theatre, called the Chatham, has been erected
in NeW York, and was opened on the 9th of September.
This'inferior in its capacity but to two other theatres in
the city. By accurate measurement it will hold 2,200
persons, all seated. The managers have it in. contemp-
lation to give the legitimate drama, and well-varied
Popular entertainments. The celebrated 'London pan-
tornimists, Messrs. Brown, King, arid Gibson,.have been
engaged, and were hourly expected.

,;.,• -
BOW: THEY mAisT,AGE AT NEW-
MARKET.

Aet.
" Newmarket Heath (the most spacious and princi-
pal.reiec-course in the world) is situated at the west-end
of the town of Newmarket, in the counties of Cambridge
and Suffolk, and 60 miles nearly north of London.
Races were in vogue in the II th century, and much
frequented at Newmarket early in the reign of King
Charles I. The town was embellished with a palace by
Kirin'' Charles 11. The extensive ditch, commonly called
the Devil's Ditch, was made by the East Angles, a
kingdom founded by Uffa. It is related by Abbe Flo-
riacensis, who lived in the 9th century, that the ditch
was the boundary of their kingdom, by which they de-
fended themselves against the incursions of the Mer-
cians."

'There is certainly no portion of the kingdom so
qualified for racing as the celebrated heath to which
the above historically alludes ; for while it combines
all the requisites of space, freedom from hill and valley,
and pure air, it at the same time affords to the genuine
lovers of the turf the most ample means for gratifying
to an unlimited extent their fondness for this their
favourite and splendid sport. The attention here is
not distracted by the unearthly yells of Bartholomew
showmen, nor are the card-women that infest every
other race-course, I believe, without exception, allowed
to appear. One solitary being dispenses the lists (no
cards), and he is amply sufficient to supply everybody.
On arrival in the afternoon your stud is to be visited,
five o'clock being visiting hour. At dinner the conver-
sation is racing. nine the list is sent down to he ex-
hibited in the lobby, with the hour of starting affixed to
each race. At eleven it is read aloud by the Secre-
tary in the cbffee•room, sufficient time being allowed
between each race, after which all sober beings retire
to rest, that they may be out a la naissance de jour to
see the horses take their exercise, and canvass within
themselves their respective merits. The breakfast hour
then occupies your sportsman until near midday, when
fashion, if not inclination, directs his attendance in
front of the jockey club rooms, where, after settling his
account of the previous day, he wagers boldly on the
events to come. About two, that being the average
hour of stating, we mount our hacks,.and in ten minutes
find ourselves forming part of a circle (an antique post
the centre), betting with an earnestness of which .I
defy the most ingenious of writns to give 3(-itt even a i
faint impression.

WEST INDIES.

EXTRACT OF A LETTER FROM THE BET. WM. RNIBD
TO MR. STURGE, DATED FALMOUTH, JAMAICA, AU-
GUST THE 9TH, 1839.

You will perceive by the papers we held our first
anniversary of the Falmouth Anti-Slavery Society.
I shall have the whole proceedings printed at our
press, and will forward you a copy by the earliest
conveyance. We wish to consider ourselves in con-
nexion with your newly formed Society, and it is
with much pleasure that I transmit to you a bill for
1001. sterling as our subscription for this year, and as a
small token of the good-will of the beloved members
of my Church. You will perceive by the papers
that we have totally failed in our efforts to obtain
justice in this island. I have at great expense tried
rt at Montego Bay and at Kingston, and the result
has shown that we are perfectly defenceless. It only
now needs any unprincipled being, and many such
there are in this colony, to make up a charge
against us, and the jury, without any hesitation, at
once convicts us.
The examination of the different day and Sab-
bath schools during the first week in August was
exceedingly interesting. I assure you my heart was
cheered by the evident progress made in reading the
word of God, and in other branches of useful know-
ledge, while the neatness and cleanness of the
children was the admiration of all. This was highly
creditable to the parents, and I gave them their
meed of praise ; and a good part was owing to the
very neat little clothes sent from England by young
ladies to assist our schools, which being sold among
the people, assist in forming proper notions of dress.
We hope to establish a small paper for the people,
either weekly or twice in the month. lam much
set on the accomplishment of this, both in a politi-
cal and moral view. There are many things very
needful for the people to know which are not fit
subjects for the pulpit.
The removal of our excellent Governor at this
critical period is much to be regretted. However,
He presides who will do all his pleasure. It is con-
fiAentiv reported that the Stipendiary Magistrates
are to be dismissed. I feel much for such men as
--, and hope that something will be done by
the Government for them.

The falling off of the crops in this parish is not
all the fault of the people ; it is that entirely of the
master, he alone is to blame, and ought alone to
bear it. The wonder is that they made any sugar
at all. The seasons, it is true, have not been good,
but such attempt at cheating and foul dealing would
totally disgust any other peasantry in the world.
Amidst all this strife, oh, how pleasing to know
that the Lord reigneth, and that his dominion must
advance 1 None of these circumstances retard it, or
prevent the people in their attendance on the ordi-
nances of religion. Our chapels and schools are
more
,filled than ever, and this is, I believe, very
generally the case throughout the island.

LETTER FROM A STIPENDIARY MAGISTRATE TO MR
STURGE, DATED JAMAICA, AUGUST 17, 1839. •
Since I last wrote to you another packet has arrived
from England, without bringing us any definite in-
telligence regarding our future legislation ; a delay,
I much fear, exceedingly ominous to Jamaica, as
ultimately tending to throw unrestrained into the
hands of the members of Assembly the same power
for mischief as they possessed before. We have,
however, the consolation of perceiving that the
people enjoy a degree of liberty and prosperity suffi-
ciently great to enable them to estimate the value of
freedom ; and we know that any tendency to oppres-
sion on the part of their rulers, or of individuals,
will arouse them to a resistance that must ultimately
produce the best effects, by teaching them their
rights and the constitutional mode of securing them.
There is a very great error prevalent in England on
all subjects relating to the civil condition of this co-
lony, which is to be attributed chiefly to the
misrepresentations and exaggerations of newspapers
here and there. What is most required, and what
would be productive of the greatest benefit to the
whole community, is the pure administration of
justice in the higher and lower Courts. As at pre-
sent constituted, the Supreme Court is unable to
decide or try more than half of the cases periodically
brought into it, which has occasioned an immense
arrear of business, which, without some further aid,
will never be reduced. This must operate as a denial
of justice to the majority of suitors.

EXTRACT OF A LETTEP. FROM THE REV. J. M. FHILLIPPO

TO MR. STURGE, DATED SPANISH TOWN, JAMAICA,
AUGUST 14, 1839.

I need not add to what you receive from the joint
communication to you on the subject of our Anti-
' Slavery Society and from the newspapers ; upwards
of 1501. have been received on its account.
The following is a letter from Captain Dar-
ling, Governor's Secretary, accompanying a dona-
tion from him to the Society. It was not originally
written for publication, but you may make use of it
to serve the cause :

"TO TIIE REV. J. M. PH ILLIPPO.
"My DEAR SIR,—I send enclosed 51., one of
which I beg you to receive as my first year's sub-
scription, and the other four as a donation to our
Branch Anti-Slavery Society. To the success of
its efforts, under Divine Providence, in effectually
destroying slavery throughout the Christian as well
as the Heathen world, my sincere wishes are
given, and my humble services will ever be cheerfully
contributed. I believe I need hardly disclaim any
motives of self-interest in the hope I cherish for
the success of the Society; indeed, in that point
of view, 1 doubt whether the abolition of slavery
in foreign colonies will prove beneficial to the
British West Indians ; as another year will not
pass over our heads without placing beyond a
doubt the fact that the cultivation of the soil by
free labour may be carried on with less, money
expenditure and larger returns than it was under
the forced labour system of past times ; while the
amount of human happiness will not only be in-
calculably greater, and diffused more equally among
all classes of Society, but will be extended to thou-
sands of hearts to which it has, until lately, been
almost totally unknown.
" Your's, my dear sir, very truly,
" C. H. DARLING."
P.S.—Captain Darling, you will remember, is
proprietor of a large sugar estate,—J. M. P.

EXTRACT OF A LETTER FROM A GENTLEMAN IN
JAMAICA TO MR. STURGE, DATED AUGUST 14TH,

1839.

I am sorry to learn the little hope we have in
the change of Governor. However, if proper laws
were passed, we need not so' much care. It is
wonderful to see the universal obedience to the
laws, and abstinence from crime, on the part of the
people. We had only one case tried the other day
of consequence , at our Parochial Quarter Sessions.
I have known, during the apprenticeship, above
twenty, chiefly of thefts. The people have once
more enjoyed the Ist of August, and have again
gone quietly to work. Several changes have taken
place in the management of estates in this parish,
and many more yet, I think, will be made.
My friend left us in June, after a satisfactory
sojourn upon his estate from September 1838. He
has rented P— for —/. per annum. It is
more forward than any estate in the district, and
has been, since October last, managed by two
black head-men. Q--- made more sugar this
year than he has made during the apprenticeship,
and has gone home with a light and easy mind,
thanking God for the change.
Wages are much the same as before last crop :
a common day's work, Is. sterling clear. Able-
bodied men make more, from ls. 6d. to 2s. sterling.
Altogether the friends ought to thank God, and
take courage. What is morally right will always
be proved to be politically right.

ARISTOCRACY IN AMERICA.—We are re-
quested to state that the new work entitled " Aristo-
cracy in America," from the Sketch Book of a German
Nobleman, edited by Francis G. Grund, Esq.,! author
of ‘, The Americans in their Moral, Social, and Politi-
cal Relations," in 2 vols. post Bvo, with Portraits, is
published this day by Mr. Bentley, Publisher in Ordi-
nary to her Majesty, New Burlington-street, and can
now be had of all booksellers. Mr. Bentley will also
publish in a few days " Memoirs of his Own 'limes ;"
includin; the Ancien Regime, the Revolution, the
Empire, and the Restoration, by Lieutenant-General
Count Dumas, in 2 vols. Bvo. Agents for Scotland
Mesf,rs. Bell and Bradfute, Edinburgh ; for Ireland,
Mr. J. Cumming, Dublin.

We are informed by a correspondent at South-
ampton, who is known to us, that Lord Durham and
Mr. Poulett Thomson passed a good deal of time toge-
ther just before the new Governor's departure, and
were often seen, on board his Lordship's yacht and else-
where, engaged in earnest conversation. It was re-
marked by spectators that Mr. Thomson seemed to
exhibit somewhat ostentatiously his intimacy with the ex-
dictator.—Colonial Gazette.

EVENING EDITION

TWOPENNY LETTER CARRIERS

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.
Sin,—Your excellent remarks on the bad pay of the
Twopenny Post-office letter carriers has received the
thanks of some hundred of letter carriers, who feel ex-
ceeding grateful to you. Sir, we are badly paid. The
paltry pittance we receive is only nineteen shillings per
week. In consequence of this small allowance, there
is at present on the books of the Post-office, upwards
of fifty defaulters, besides twenty-five having resigned,
somehave been tried at the Old Bailey, for taking money
out of the letters. It is a fa2t, all this has occurred
within the last twelve months. I hope and trust Mr
Rowland Hill will pay some attention to this important
business.

A LETTER CARRIER,
OF TWENTY YEARS' STANDING.
October 7, 1839.
I forgot to mention we have to pay out of our wares
twopence per week to the Letter Carrier's Burial
Society.

[We trust the universal complaints of these ill-paid
public servants will not be disregarded, when the new
arrangements are made. More than a year ago, Mr.
O'Connell, and a number of Members, urged on the
Government the expediency and the justice of making
better provision for men entrusted with large sums of
money, yet nothing was done, and they are now reduced
to the miserable condition described in the above letter,
—ED. Sun.]
