an additional stimulus to the discontented,
because it presents a ground of complaint
more popular than true, and deriving its
popularity solely from overcharged statements.
It is very easy to talk of equal rights, to say that
six millions of people are excluded from the en-
joyment of them on accou►►t of their religious
feelings. It is very easy to select the most im-
posing words to express what the six million look
for, viz. Emancipation (as if they were now in a
state of slavery), and thus cause the world to

join in the cry, without considering what is with-
held or eve❑ what is asked for. The plain matter
of fact, however, is simply this, that every subject
of the K ING is equally eligible to every office of the
Empire, to a seat in Parliament, and to a seat in
the Cabinet on the same conditions. There is
in this respect no difference between a Catholic
and a Protestant. Ti►e conditions imposed are

the taking of certain oaths, oaths that were in-
tended not solely (as has been averred) to ex-
clude the Catholic, tho' partly with that inten-
tion, but more with a view to ensure fidelity,
zeal, and a faithful discharge of the duty in-
trusted to the 'deponent. What is there in this
that enslaves a Catholic, that he should be
emancipated ? what is there in this that sa-
vours in the smallest degree of religious prose-
cution ? of exclusion on account of religious feel-
ings ? As well might a beggar say he is excluded
from the right of voting for a Member of Parlia-

meat because he is poor, or that he is excluded
from a seat in the l'arliament for the same rea-
son. The acquisition of a certain portion of pro-
perty is the condition precedent of sitting in Par-
liament or voting : the taking of certain oaths is
the condition precedent for the same object;
what difference is there then between the

wo, that the one is sanctioned as a whole-

some provision, the other stigmatized as
intolerant, wicked, and unjust. The purpose
to be obtained by both conditions is the same,
Fidelity !! ! If, therefore, it is thought a poor
man cannot be a faithful subject of his King,how
much stronger does the inference become, when
a Catholic refuses to take tl►e oath of allegiance
to his Soyereign, refuses to acknowledge him as
Lord Paramount in his own dominions.

In the [louse of Commons the London Tithes
Bill, on the question of its second reading, was
thrown out without a .division. Mr. llon-

HOUSE made his promised motion for the repeal
of the Window Tax. Ile!was most satisfactorily
answered by the CHANcrztou. of the ExcHEQuitit,
as were the other Members who spoke in support
of the Motion by Mr. II Rani zs and Mr. Iluszts-
sox. On a division th• Motion was lost, by a
Majisrity of 114 to 77.

The French Papers of Sunday arrived last
night. The Etoile, on the authority of letters
from Constantinople, contradicts in positive terms
the account of the taking of Navarino. The na-
val force of the Turks is said to consist of two
frigates, three corvettes, a►►d ¶t smaller vessels.
The land operations in the Morea are understood
to be wholly confined to IBRAHIM PACHA. The
Emperor of AUSTRIA was expected to make his
entry into Milan on the 10th inst., and the arri-
val of the King of NAPLES at the same place had
been fixed for the 14th. The Chevalier de
PRITO, Portuguese Envoy Extraordinary, died
at Paris ou the 13th.

The Hamburg!' Papers to the 13th May ar-
rived this day. They give an account of the ar-
rival of the Emperor of RussiA on the 27th April
at Warsaw, also of that of his Royal Highness
Prince FREDERICK of the Netherlands at Berlin
on the 10th instant. It appears that Russia has_
concluded a Treaty with Austria for the liquida-
tion of the debts of Poland, and so satisfied is
the EMPEROR, with the result that he presented
the negociator, M. V. TATISCHEFT, with the
insignia of the Order of St. Alexander Newsky in
diamonds. The Government of Sweden has come
to a final resolution respecting the organiza-

tion of the system of customs. The whole king-
dom is to be divided into eight districts. Letters
from Copenhagen give a very lamentable account
of the Asiatic Company established there. It
would appear that they have, since their establish-
ment in 1818, lost upwards of 582,400 dollars of
capital, besides 141,620 dollars of interest. The
accounts of Switzerland state the intention of
preserving the present measures regarding the
Press and the Police of Strangers. The pressure
of Parliamentary matter precludes us from giving
larger extracts than those that follow :

SWITZERLAXD, MAY 7

A circular from Lucerne, as presiding Canton, invites the
Cantons to send their Deputies to the Diet, which is to meet
the 4th July, provided with full powers and instructions relative
to the subjects of discussion mentioned in the circular. Of
these subjects, 49 in number, only one is new, viz. the com-
plaints of Zurich, Lurgovia, and Schafhausen, against the
duty imposed in St. Gallen on Swiss wines. The direct-
ing Canton believes that it meets the wishes of the seve-
ral Cantons, by proposing that the measures which have
subsisted for these two years on the abuse of the liberty of the
Press, and of the police, bo confirmed without alteration by the
approaching Diet.
EXCHANGES ON LONDON.
HAIIIIURGH, MAY 13.-36. ; two months, 3,5. 10i.
PETERSHURGII, APRIL 29.-10. 3-32.
BERLIN, MAY 10.—Three months, 6. 20i.
VIENNA, MAY 4.—Three months, 35.
RIGA, MAY 2.-10. 3-16.
BREMEN, MAY 12.—Two months, 590.

The value of goods exported from Archangel
last year was 5,574,545 rubles ; imports, 792,834 ; balance,
4,781,686,
