" THE SPANISH INVADING EXPEDITION.

" Captain Crothers, of the schooner Spartan, who
arrived here yesterday evening in 12 days from
Havannah, reports that a few days before he sailed,
all the transports which had been engaged in con-
veying the Spanish troops to the Mexican coast, with
the exceptio❑ of the Bingham, which had been
driven into New Orleans, had returned. Captain
Crothers conversed with the captains of the
transports, many of whom were Americans, who
informed him that the troops had all safely disem-
barked upon the American coast—one half of the
number within the Bar of Tampico, and the rest
about six miles below the city, amounting in the
whole to 3,300 men. Immediately after the land-
ing of the troops, a body of Mexican cavalry, to the
number of 400 marched down to the shore with the
colours of the Republic flying, but upon approach-
ing the encampment, they hoisted the Spanish flag
and joined the invading forces. The Spanish com-
mander then presented to each of the soldiers a
doubloon, arid paid the amount of the arrears due to
them by the Mexican Government. Capt. Crothers
also reports, that the schooner Hound, formerly of
Baltimore, had been chartered by the Spanish au-
thorities, and was despatched to New Orleans to
transport to Tampico the crew of the vessel which
had put in there. The transports now at Havannah
had been re-engaged to convey a further supply of
troops to the coast of Mexico. A few days before
the sailing of the Spartan, a vessel had arrived from
Omoa, haying on board a number of padres (priests)
in a most destitute and wretched situation.
" The evening the Spartan sailed, while within the
Moro, she was boarded by two officers of the guard,

ship, who rifled the trunks of Capt►in Crothers,
raking every dollar of cash therefrom, whielQhey di-
vided between them.

" Baltimore flour was quoted at Havannali at 13 to
15—a small cargo, it was supposed, would do well."
" EXTRACT OF A LETTER, DATED VERA CRUZ, AUG. 13.
(Communicated for the Network Daily Advertiser.)
"You must have been informed already, that on the
27th ult. the expected Spanish expedition debarked
at Cabo Rojo (Red Point) to the number of 3,000
men—the greater part negroes and mulattos. They
threw us proclamations of peace and pacification,
offering to pay for whatever they got, and for every
infantry soldier who will desert to them eight dol-
ltrs, and 15 for a dragoon.

" 7 hey remained there a few days, and when:the
transports and ships of war had set sail for Haven-
nab, leaving only three of the latter, they marched
to the Old Town (Tampico), dispersed three citizens,
and there they remain. On the sth, a party of them
went out to explore, and the Cossacks on the coast
made an end of them—being 50 men; taking a cap-
tain and three soldiers alive. On the 4th Santa
Anna sent 500 dragoons from Jalapa, Vera Crus,
and Orizava, and o• the 6th he went by sea to
Tecolutla, with 1,900 veterans, selected from the
2d, 3d, sth, ar.d 9th, permanent regiments, with two
companies, arid succeeded in landing without impe-
diment. The infantry, commanded by Landers and
General Santa Anna, chief of the troops, which hare
come in from all parts, already to the number of
10,000 good merf. There exists a general enthu-
siasm—parties have ceased--every body is making
loans and presents—the state of San Luis Potosi
alone has offered 20 men, supported by their own
rents. Of the present expedition, we are sure not
one will survive; and if more come, they may ex-
pect the same.

" Bustamente, Valdivielso, and all the best chiefs
are gone down; such enthusiasm prevails in the
army, that from this pl►ce even convalescents have
gone to take up arms. A squadron which arrived
at the water at Tuxpan, in order to avoid any delay
in their march, swam their horses, placing their
pistols on their heads to keep them dry, and were
so fortunate as to pass without accident. A Mexi-
can Countess has offered to gine all the horses re-
quired by the Government. Another lady gave up
to the Government securities to the amount of
3,000 dollars; and her husband, who is a retired
Colonel, marched with No. 7th infantry as a common
soldier. I should never stop if I were to attempt to
tell all ; you will see more in the public papers.
" On the 12th, Santa Anna left Tuspan with his
division, to whom an officer and six of kis men
from the invading army surrendered themselves.
They stated that they had lost a vessel of the con-
voy with about 200 men, and that they have now
500 sick in their camp.
" No one knows what they have come to do;
but they will soon get their chastisement. Farewell.
"I. T. Y."

" PROCLAMATION OF THE COMMANDER OF THE 7TH

REGIMENT TO TILE SOLDIERS WHO COMPOSE IT.

(Translated for the New York Daily Advertis,.r.)

" ' Fellow-Citizens ! Companions !—lf a chief
prostituted his word last year, to arm you against
your brethren, the friend whom you have now at
your head, merely informs you that the Supreme
Government announces to us that he has positive
information that the Spanish expedition is now en
our soil, to destroy our dear-bought and precious
liberty. The frequent concurrent reports which he
has receised on the subject of this invasion by our
oppressors, proceeding from Havanna!), and other
parts of those detestable countries, have induced
him to employ his supreme authority through all its
valiant defenders; and as we take a noble pride in
counting ourselves among their number, we ought to
hasten to enjoy the victory of which we ure secure,
and their final destruction, so greatly provoked, and
brought upon them only when they attempt to de-
prive us of our liberty and independence.
"' I desire not to recall to your memory the at-
tempt of their Ministers, their vile arts and venal
offers, for the blood of our liberators sufficiently ex-
hibits them, and demands our vengeance; and I
anticipate only that a flame, a dagger, and a scaffold,
would be our reward, and the inheritance which we
should leave to our descendants would be the, most
degraded slavery ; for I am thoroughly convinced,
that the oppressors would die as soon as their pol-
luted feet are placed in our gates, if their well-known
cowardice were capable of permitting it.
" ' Yes, soldiers, in the field of Mars glory awaits
you; and your heroic valour will be brought into
exercise. Our enemies tremble when our name
reaches their ears; and if you wish to see them con•
quered, only pronounce the name of liberty, which
you possess. A Guerrero guides you, and the na-
tion will follow him with decision. We are all
idolutors of our country ; and before her liberty is
lost, the last American will perish covered with
glory. Naturalized in wars, and accustomed to pri-
vations, nothing will discourage us, as we disregard
danger, arid look on:death when any invader assails
our rights. We are unchangeably determined, and
civic virtues are found in the camp. Self-interest
does not actuate us : and as for cowardice, we know
no such thing►. No hero has imitated the one svlio
commands us; and his great prowess has made secret
enemies to tremble. They may believe that our
swords are sheathed; let us assure them that they
are deceived; for in our land sacred liberty, whom
they despise, has her• abode; and that the soldiers
of the 7th Regiment will die with that glory to
which all their fellow-patriots have been aecustomed,
when it is for the defence of their liberties.
" ' Friends! I know you !—I am acquainted with
your virtues. I know your deeds, your sufferings,
and your resolution ; I know your decision, and I
will be warrant for your gallantry and constancy.
But, finally, I remind you that the knowledge and
fulfilment of your duties as soldiers must be made
more perfect ; and that when the citizen dies for his
country, he will die with glory, blessed by his friend.,
and having performed the sacred oath to defend with
his blood liberty and independence.
" Mexico, July 22. "' FRANCISCO ARCE.'.

" Commodore Porter is said to be under arrest in
Mexico."

" LATEST FROM MEXICO.
(From the Louisiana Advertiser of Aug. 18.)

" Capt. Choate, of the schooner Venus, from Rio
Grande, arrived here on Sunday, brings intelligence
from the Spanish squadron, anchored at a small port
about 15 leagues south of Tampico, and that the
troops had effected a landing.
" On the 10th of July Gen. Santa Anna and his
army arrived in the city of Vera Cruz. Three days
afterwards he demanded of the merchants of that
place 50,000 dollars for the support of his troops,
but was only able to obtain 16,000. On the 15th
he laid an embargo on all the vessels in the port of
Vera Cruz and the island of Sacriticios; and on the
22d issued a Proclamation forbidding the different
Consuls to hoist the signals of their respective na•
tions. On the 31st of July the embargo was raised.
" The foreign merchants throughout the country
were apprehensive of a second attack on their pro-
perty, and were shipping their most valuable articles
as fast as possible in British and French vessels of
war. No American ships of war in port.
" VERA CRuz, AUG, 15.—8 y letters from
Tuspan, which have been received in this city, dated
the 11th inst., we learn positively that Gen. Santa
Anna remained in that place with the expedition
under his command, making every preparation to
give the Spaniards a warm reception. The same
letters say it was reported in Tuspan that the in-
vaders of Caho-Rojo (Cape Roque) had gained
some advantages over 150 or 200 citizens, whose
intrepidity carried them too rashly into the presence
of the enemy. It is added, however, that the
Spaniards will very soon experience the vengeance
of the Mexicans, as, in the immediate neighbour-
hood of that place, there were more than 12,000
men determined to conquer or die.
" The- paper of the 12th gives-a list of fourteen

_ .
expelled Spaniards, who hive embarked in the
expedition against Mexico.

" PROCLAMATION OF GENERAL SANTA ANNA, GENE-

RAL-IN•CHIEF OF THE DIVISION OF OPERATIONS

AGAINST THE SPANISH INVADERS, TO THE TROOPS

UNDER HIS COMMAND.

" Soldiers !—The Spanish expedition, so often
announced as preparing at Havannah for the inva-
sion of our territory, has at length arrived ; and
these vile slaves of the greatest of despots have
already dared to set their feet upon our soil at Cape
Roque.
" Obstinate in her purpose to reconquer this
country, Spain has nu ceased to provide the means
for eventually accomplishing it ; and this army
which now presents itself is the vanguard of the
great expedition which she has prepared as the result
of her arduous labours. It is the last attempt
which will be made by that imbecile nation to de-
prive us of independence.
" Solliers ! These perfidious men provoke us
to an encounter. They will find, to their sorrow,
that you do not shrink from this, but that you are
already on the march to accept their challenge.
They threaten you with death ; but the sharp edges
of your swords will infallibly cause them to perish
by hundreds, and to bite the soil which they have
dared to profane; insomuch that not an individual
will remain to witness the destruction which their
rash enterprise has merited.
" My Friends! A delightful field of glory
opens before us, in which we will gather new laurels
—valour and constancy, discipline, subordination,
and order. Such qualities as these cannot deceive
us. Always remember you fight for independence
and liberty ; and let those dear names urge you to
combat with double ardour till the triumph is
achieved. That it will be achieved, who can doubt?
" Soldiers ! It is better to die—to die a thou-
sand deaths if possible—than to suffer the hard yoke
of oppression, which these tyrants seek to impose.
Independence or death. Let it glitter on your
standards; let it be the only sound which echoes
through your camp; as it is and will be the motto
of your General.

" ANTONIO LOPEZ DE SANTA ANNA.
" Heroic Vera Cruz, Aug. 3.'
" Information was also received at Vera Cruz at
a later date, that the Spanish troops had taken pos-
session if Tampico on the fifth day after their ar-
rival. There are three towns of this name, two of
which are situated in the state of Vera Cruz, and
the nearest, Pueblo Viejo de Tampico, is at a
league's distance from the new or commercial town,
and between which flows a river of nearly a mile in
width. We learn from Captain Clark, that the
garrison at Tampico consisted only of 400 men,
which leads us to imagine that at the date of these
advices the most important post had not fallen into
the hands of the invaders. Immediately on this
intelligence reaching Vera Cruz, General Santa
Anna, with an army of 15,000 men, left that place
for Tampico. The American brigs Splendid, of
Newhaven, of Newport, and Ursula, of
Boston, were seized, and compelled to convey 2,500
infantry to a landing on the coast near Tampico,
and had returned in safety to Vera Cruz: 600 ca-
valry had started at the same time by land, and on
the arrival of the vessels at the place of rendezvous,
it was ascertained that the cavalry had proceeded
direct to Tampico. Although Admiral Laborde had
issued a proclamation, offering a bounty to all Alexi-
cans who would join his standard, in not a single
instance were his proposals accepted. The Mexi-
cans were confident of success; and although the
navy had been dismantled, Vic., the troops were ge-
nerally well paid and in good spirits. The embargo
that was raised on the 31st of July was relaid on the
10th of August, and continued until the 14th, when
it was again taken off.
" It was reported that Commodore Porter had
been arrested at Mexico, but on what charges had
not been made known. The citizens of that place
were much dissatisfied with our Minister, Mr. Polo-
sett, declaring that he had taken too much interest
in the political disputes of the Government.

" We learn from advices of a later date, that a
resolution was proposed in the Mexican Congress,
to order-Mr. Poinsett out of the country, and wart
lost by a small majority. Although Santa Anna had
taken all the troops he could collect in Vora Cruz
and the vicinity, they were still pouring in from all
quarters. We also learn that considerable deser-
tions had taken place in the Spanish army, and that
the expedition had suffered severely from sickness
and other causes.

" The above gratifying intelligence will be read
with pleasure by every advocate of free principles.
The Mexican nation seems to have risen eta masse,
and we do not doubt but that the tenour of our next
advices will be, that the invaders have paid for their
temerity with their livei."

THE 1'

[ARKETS.

COUNTRY CORN MARK

ETS DURING THE WEEK.

Vt heat. Barley. i Oata. Beans.
Per Quarter. a. to s. s. s. s. to a. s. to a.
Blandtbrd — 67 40 25 46
Brigg— 46 s‘s 28 34 18 24 34 38
Cambridge,..,....,.... 58 32 SO 38
Chard 56 70 32 38 24 30 49 48
Huntingdon --- 61 '7O 30 38 20 95 35 41
Long Sutton-- 48 56 17 22 38 44
Louth 42 60 97 30 18 22 40 42
Lynn 44 62 24 34 14 22 36 38
Newark ....wow— 52 00 32 40 20 28 43 47
Nottingham 55 65 40 25 30 43 4,i
Peterborough.,,.._ 50 70 37 40 18 25 37 42
Plymouth 56 '7B 26 39 21 24
Pontefract—....,..... 71 22 43
Sleafonl
Uppingham 00... 54 60 34 38 94 30 42 46
Wiabech 49 60 18 21 38 441

LEE

IS COHN MA RKET.—Oct. 0.

The supply of Wheat to this day's market has been
smaller than last week, with a tolerable fair supply of
other kinds of Grain. The best samples of New and Old
Wheat may be noted Is. to Ls. per quarter lower. Grind-
ing Barley ls. per quarter lower. Good hard Beans Is.
per quarter lower, and other descriptions of Beans and
and Pease nearly unsaleable at a still further reduction.
Oats, Shelling, and Malt, dull sale at last week's prices.
Flour and Rapeseed without variation in price.
Wheat, Norfolk and Suffolk, 601 b.
.._-- York. and Lincoln. 601 b.
Barley, Norfolk and Suffolk
--Yorkshire and Lincolnshire
Grinding
Beans
Oats, Potatoe
—lllealing, Foreign 12d. to 13d....English I l yid. to 13d. per at
Shelling 30s. to 325. per load.
Rapeseed, English, 271. to 2W Foreign, —l. to —4. per last.
