TEE: OIL GAS COMPA.NY.

. Among thg.nOnwraus. apPlica;ions for private
I Bills which -.render -this Session of. Parliament rto 'remarkable;
there is one for- the incorporation -el, a._,BizittoroLlTAN'.
OIL GAS COAIFANr. In Ildinburgh, Liverpool, 13r*ol,
Dublin, and in 'other principal TOwns, the Inhabitants have
euOics of the hest kinds of 'artificial lights,' A qkitter,
:of essential importance, to their' 'comfort and .conVefiletlee !
London, however, is denied thispriyilegef rd. while it. iii so
well known and much to be lamented that :Coal„Gas eamtot be
used in private houses, and equally notorious that. Oil Gas is
'eXtreinelideSirable. both as an. and: external light;
four ,Coal -Gas Companies supplying the Jritne artids are quietly
allowed not only to.'diVide the town into districts,, to their own
„ .
great emolument and proNt, at the expence. of the public; but
-to excite a powerful oppositibn to -the. 13i11 now before Parpn-
mcmt, to encourage the use and consumption of Oil Gaa,-un-
shecked- in -their monopoly, anti -almost unnoticed by thou:
who would
_gladly resort to the luxuri of Oil Gas, . which the
passing of this Bill would- enable • theirs to enjoy. The Coal
Gas. Companies, we understand; ask for a'contindance of their,
monopoly on the
.hackneyed plea of having large "vested
rights" secured by Parliament.` these Companies ven-
ture- to-'ask • for their Adtsupen the grOund that no im.
proyements in lighting should be tolerated in future, if it
interfered with theiy interests? Ai well might the Oil (ins
company now declare that they must. object to any improve-
ment upon their method jof Manuractoririg light, until
they shall have reaped their anticipated profits. If-such a plea
could be admitted, the enterprising spirit how abroad Would
be checked, although it is obvious,' rthat^ every encouragement
should be given to it ; and more 'especially as that very encou-
ragement operates as the most wholesome restraint spon vi-
sionary speculation, by exposing it continually to active com-
petition.

It is curious,-that while the ,Coal Gas Companies use every
argument to assure their proprietors and the public, that Oil
Gas cannot. lie advantageously used, they are, at.an enorm-
ous expence, Session after Session, in opposing its in-
troduction. If it cannot, why- oppose this Bill, and
thus preclude the proof of their own assertions ! Their
wisest course surely would be to throw all the expence of
the unsuccessful attempt upon the projectors, bat we more than
half suspect, that in proportion to these efforts of opposition, we
may calculate the danger' anticipated to the interests of the
Coal Gas Companies, and the benefits to be derived, not only
by the Oil Gas Proprietors, but, which is of far more consc-
quenct, by the Public.

ABSTRACT OF THE UNITARIAN DISSENTERS'

111.AltRIAGE BILL.

The Bill " for granting relief to certain per-
sons dissenting from the Church of England'in relation to the
Solemnization of Marriages" has been printed, as amended
by the Committee. The preamble sets forth, that " neely of
his Majesty's good and faithful suhjecte, being Protestant
Dissenters from the Church of England ai by law established,
•
entertaining conscientious scruples with respect to the doctrine
. .
of the Trinity, and commonly called Unitarians, regard on
that acceunt the necessity of Selernnizing;Matrimorty in :spatial'
church or ehapel, according to the-enles:preseribed by the Rue
brie in the 'Book of Coinmon Prayer, as a grievance repugnant
to their religious-feelings, and hive at various. einies-,pelitioned
Parliament to be relieved-therefrom t. and that ie is expedEee I
to graneeaee to serupulous consciences-in this respect, without
infringing on the general poliey of the law_ relatiee to Claades-
,
tine' • - - ;
The Bill, then peoceedseto enact, that nieces registered for re-
I igiiitili‘vorshi p, and used by PrOtestarieDiesenters ofthe Unita-
rian persuasion, maybe specially registered tbrsolemnising ar-
riagas under this Act, provided such places shall have been regis-
teredas a:place of worshipfor one year. The number of -places to
be so registered, is limited to six, within the bills of Mortality two.
in Bristol, Liverpool, Manchester, Birmingham'. and Leeds,
respectively, and one in every other city or market town. in.
England and Walesi. No two places sliall'be registered within
six miles of each other. But this limitation is not to pre-
clude the ordinary from registering any additional place, upon
reasonable cause shown to his satisfaction. Power is given to
surrender the certificate of registration on the removal of any
congregation, atid-to register the new place of worship of such
congregation.
A notice, in the7fdlowing words, " Licensed for the Solem-
nisation Of the Marriages of Unitarian Dissenters," is ;to be
placed in sonic conspicuous part of such registered places.
The officiating mmisters of such places may be recorded in
the court of the ordinary, as ministers qualified to Solemnize
marriages. Ministers so re„irded may solemnize marriages in
any places registered under this Act, subject to certain provi-
sions. Certificates of the publication of banns are to be given
to persons desirous of taking the benefit of this Act, on signing
a declaration, set forth in the schedule to this Act, and en pay-
ment, of the usual fees;
Marriages may be solemnized by licence in such places. For
such. purpose, the liCences must bo countersigned by the paro-
chial minister, and the usual tees paid.
Matrimony is not to be solemnised in these registered places,
unless upon exhibition of, certificates of banns, or of -a license
countersigned, as before stated. Marriages solemnised accord.
ing to this Act, shall betas binding as if solemnised in the pa-
rish church. Persons solemnising marriages contrary to the
provisions of this' Act; shall he deemed guilty of felony, and
transported for 14 years. The marriages of persons wilfully
intermarrying in places not duly registered, shall be void.
A notice of the intended solemnization of marriages under
this ACt; shall be driven to the minister of the palish, for the
purpose of registration in the register book if the parish. The
printed forms for the purposes- of this Act are then set forth, in
which the minister is authorised to make any necessary altera-
tions. In case of neglect of registry, the Court of King's leeezh
.nuay order.such entry- te be made in six morths.
The entries of marriages under this Act, shall be e pally
available in avid nee thereof, as entreaties; of marriages in the
Church of Fngland.
None of the provisions of this Act are to affect 4 Geo. IV.
c. 76, or any other Act.), relative to the publication of banns, or
granting of licences ; nor is this Act to extend to "the Loyal
'Family.
The Ecclesiastical Courts shalfeiercise their. jurisdiction as
fully with respect to marriages, under thiseActos if solemnised
in the' Church of England.
Finally, the Act is declared a public Act; and limited to
England and Wales, and Berwick-upon-'f weed.
' Two printed copies of the Act are to be sent to the 3linieters
of the several parishes, &c. of which one to be kept in the pee
rich chest.

COLLICit DOCKS IN TUE Ire )P DOC:S.—Yes.
terday, at one o'clock, a meeting of those interested in the sale,
" to taki
purchase, and consumption
opposel'lern le prohibitory) consideratio
of coals., took place at the City of
sLteoin,
sd
too n n the most effective
by elause in the Bill now before
Parliament, which,
enhance
th,.Compelling the colliers to deliver in dock,
chargesupontiw on coals to the public."—
must inevitably
The Chairman enlarged
ensue to the public interests by the adoption consegeences likely to
clause, which would conmel eollitradoption of the prohibitory
deliver their cargoes. Tliat measUre ships to go into docks to
yiv, for the increase of price
the charge to the public ultimate?
y,
besides, subversive would, in fact, enhance
must be paid by them. Thenetwnas
said,ok ed
thatto t h
teh subject
tubrprised that the city of
Ketylcbolliers caused a great obstruc-
efore, because the pro-
the principle of free trade.
don in the river, hut the reined
jle4c9ntocrl°snofhtalide tUctklso
disease, inasmuch as it only removed Oneproposed obstruction for another.
a-y, -ar on coals, as 23. were to be chargedpublic would be 130,0001.
0
livered from the docks.—( Hear !)____ltyv n each chaldron de-
truly, that without this additional tax" said' and he believed.
prietors of the. docks could not carry' the measure
coals, the pro
As for the assertion that the public would tl into effect.
tage from the adoption of the projected docks,
much advan-
that instead of Coming near home, they •w 's, it Was singular,
from the city. Several. entlemen expressed
one mile farther'
the measure, and after some resolutions condemnatorylheir opinions on
proposed penal clause, a petition foundedon of the
them was unani-
mously adopted .by the Meeting, and left at the
City of London
Tavern for signature till Thursday, when it
to the House of Commons by M m
Dir. Alder will be presented
an Wood.

_ T 111; KING. • •
Wrvosoß, APRIL 1'.1.--11te Kt xcc was this morning 0CC4.4.
piesi-with public business ats,the Royal Lodge.- .About two
o'clock his Allalestry., accompanied. by the 24 arquis Cooyugharn,,
took a drive in bis:pony -phaeton with his attendants, in the
Great :trk.. The day not being very. favourable; his Majesty
did not remain so •long front the Loam as he has lately done..
On. Sunday afternoon, his Al. :.
paid na visit to the Castle,
where he remained
.neurly two hon.,:z. _• On Siaturday, 23d
instant, there vill• be a dioneri at the Town Hall, Windsor, in
honour of the celehrationofltis_,lllajesty:s Birth-day; • Which, it
is expected, wlll be,most riamerously attended. • -

ir.tSHID BLE'ARRIVALS
The DO tvager r- 31 arch kin ess,l'of3 *Saliihur y, from II at eI d ;
Emily Marchionessleflicirrdoniltiiy,friini her vent, North Cray,
.Kent; the Earl and Ciiuntessirf -Errieretitry,•lroin their seat in
Surrey; the Earl and
Confitass-310intsbar'lea, from Windsor;
Countess "de Grey, 'frinvi- her' tekt;'Ptitni?Y-lieath ; Lord and
• lady Colchester,`-frotir their - teat,eXitlbrooke; Sussex; Lord
and Lady King, from their seat,'Ockham, in' Surrey ;
.Lord
and Lady Dynevor, hnd"the Hontittrable Mrs. Price Trevor,
from Barrington-park,
OXfofdihiii!; the fronottrable
.and
Reverend Henry Watson, at‘li-ordm's Hotel, ibemarle-
,
•strmt, from Carleton Rectory; neer Itkkingliam; lion. Retry
Laicelles, in Grosvenor-street.; Colonel and Mrs. 31'Neil,, at
their house in Mon tagn-squittOlnln Windsor; Brisco,
and 'Mrs: Muigrave Bristo; lb Deionshire-place, frOm
Hastings, Sussex ; Sir Richard Bedingfield,llart. Bolton-
row ; Sir Thomas .31oStya, Bartl, in Park-street ; 11 r. 11. C.
Stuct, in Portman-square'; Sir-:Thomas .Le.ehmere, Bart.
in Regent-street ;. El. O'Neill.,:Esq. in Stratton-strect, Pic-
cadilly, from Quorndon Hall; Mrs. and the Misses Spur!.
ing, in Hollis:street; from Petton Ijall, Shropshire ; Mr. and
Mrs. George Dawson, in Upper Grosvenor-street, from a tour ;
M. de Poltoratzky, at Grrillon'S Hotel, Albemarlestreet, from
Scotland; William Bailey ;Esq. at the British Hold, Jerniyr-
street, from the Continent ; Hon. Richard Irwin, at ditto, from
Hants; the Marquis of Queensbury, at Jordan's' Hotel, St.
James's-street, from Scotland ; Mr. Young and family, at
ditro, from Eton • Sir John and Lady Sherbrook and Miss
Poynder, at-the London Hotel, Alheina'rle-strcet, front their
seat in Nottinghamshire; Lord and Lady: Somers.and family,
at the St. George's Hotel Albertnarle-street, from,their teat in
Surrey ; Lord and Lady C. Stafford, at ditto, from Lard Mon-
tague's, Ditton Park ' • Mr. and .Mrs.- S. Mackenzie, at ditto,
from a tour; General Duff and T. Sclisnly, 'Esq. at
Hotel, Jermyu-street, from Scotland ; .Baron Von ,Berehem,
from Geneva.

DEPAILTUItI:3.—The Earl and Countess of Bristol, for their
seat in Surrey; Lord Viscount Palmerston, for Broadla.nds,
Haropihire ; Earl of Plvmouth, for his country scat; the E 1032.
Mr. Walpole, -for St.igtierry, Epsom.

FASHIONABLE PARTIES.
-Sir Richard and Lady Borough entertained the Dowager
Duchess of Richmond, the Ladiea Lennox, and, a distinguished
party, at dinner yesterday, at their house. in Portland-place.
Lord Holland entertained Lord and Lady Wni. Russell, and
a select party, at dinner yesterday, in St. James'a-scitutie.
Montague Burgoyne, Esq. had a-dinner party yesterday at
his house in Gloucester-place.
THE COUNT AND COUNTESS ST. ANTONIO.These dis-
tinguished' persons gave a grand musical party at their house -in
Hanover-square on Monday evening,. to which4nost of,the. No.
bility in town were invited. A regular Drama,, cal!ed Le Calif
de Bagdad, the music composed by Garcia, wag performed Ott
this occasion with admirable effect. Garcia; Caradori, Made-
moiseile Garcia, and Garcia; jun. _each sustained characters in
the CoMedy, and they were all notch apPlaud,d, especially
Caradori, who was in several of her song's.

Yesterday the Duke of Derset, the Marquis Angleicii,:ths
Er,rl of Rosalyn, Sir Henry Torrens,. waited.on.the.Duke
or York, at the Commander-inXhief's Office, in the florse.
'Guards. - About a quarter vast. 4 Royal
held Levee, whit:}. was. attend ed hylltetsi den -36:iiicl'-fit) tury
officers, and others. Among. those -rresent- were--- Lieut.-Gen.
L6rd Combermere, Col. Finch, Capt. Dawkins, ortht
Duke's Staff; Lieut.-Gen. the.Earl:of Rosslyn,,Gen.,Sir•lVth.'
Houstoun, Lord Stanley,. Slajor-Gen. tdtuart, Alajor-Generil:
Win. Stuart, illujor-Gen. Sir Charles Greville,
Griffiths, Lieut.-Gen.' Stevensoo, Major-Gen. Muirtiy,
Sir John Doyle, "the .Igarl of Leitrim, and Rear-Admiral Sire
Charles Rowley.‘ • ,
The Duchess of Gloucester paid a visit the Princess
Augusta yesterday.
The Princess Augusta took as airing yesterday, in her be-,
rouche and four in the Parks.
Yesterday thcr Princess Sophia visited the Duke of York.
11181.01IAGE IN HIGH LITE.—On Saturday last, at Ewe
line,' Oxen, by the Hon, and •Reverenil Henry Alfred Napier,
Nevile Reid, Esq., eldest son of Andrew Reid, Esq., of Lions-
down, Herts, to the Hon. Cairtlitie-Napier, youngest daughter.
of the late Right lion. Lord Napier.

KING'S Tnesittu.--After the laudable zeal of
the LORD CHAMBERLAIN for the safety of the
Public had been fully carried into effect by the
building of a new wall. an-(1 the reparation of all
other parts of the edifice which seemed to be in-
secure, this elegant Theatre was opened for the
season last night. The ornamental parts seemed
to have been re•tonehed, and thy. whotu of the
interior presented a'Very agreeable spectacle.
The boxes in general were we-II attended, and
there was a large mixture of persons of higher
rank. The prrformant'es, were the Opera or 11
Don Giovanni, and the Ba L'Offrande (414.7
Graces. GARCIA, in the profligate beio of the
piece, sung and acted with great effect, umt was
well supported by Du Bcosti in LepOtellb; 'But
th?., grand charm of the evening was Signora Du
Bt.:GNIs in Donna Anna. Sbe delightfully„
and nothing could be more natural and affectini;
than her acting,. Madarhe for the first
time of appearing on theatrical board 4, per-
formed the part of Rirfra, and acquitted
herself in a very respectable , manner. She
possesses- a pleasing yoke, is obviously
a good mnsician, her—APpo-ittnent as an
.
actress was so easy and appropriate as to appear
extraordinary in a Mere n..tiViOate Madame
vEsTitts, who is better qualifitid for the English
than the Italian Stage, earoo off tolerably well in
Zerlina. At the end of the
Opera the er-
former: came forward, and gave " God savepthe
King." Signora DE BE6mrs gave, the first stanza
with trace and animation, the second Was sung by
Madame V EITII IS, and the third by Sig„o,.„ C.
k noRI. The audience stood during the per-
formanez, and zealously applauded every stanza.
The Bullet succeeded, and kept the audience till
a late hour.

„ ,
ARGYLL Ro•ll9.—Tnese itoorns wore opened
last night for a Ilasquerade, for which species of
hit.t ta
ini:o:1:g occurred.iiythe
entertainment they are peculiarly well fitted. The
l:continued,pre-
cludeslililtther!
late
ht)
uurswfzilirstoi:rlv)olgti iicnvilittutcgtilial et:vyirtd"'uo.Ptrai ritYll
}tumour
ivoi'u
vlarrilieletyreof the characters present,
was nothing of striking or interesting
there was, however, much festivity, and it had
the stimulus of tolerable•wines and a pientiru,

Urban 111, thus lu-
men are preferred, theisiircuokzteollraernmmdisadssoll.i,a:
, " Monarch ferven-
suip,lit)re
rr
E.
RmusT.—As
scribedgen c e o fat e
letterren ltiot
Archbishop
hof,
pi nizeLaDs iwn gni.
tiissoisrnt ofe,
ravbebnattai
scualimdoo,
nekp,i s
warmeopoaapisdao
n, rtarbctoietp,
bishop, cold as an archbishop•
" No man," said a wealthy but .weak-headed
landed property."—" i►iayßarrister,
should be admitted to the Bar who had not an independett
..u.u.tr. LT /MAW,
'' how many aeres make 9 rilf-Acre I ask, Sir," ..".;A IL. .-.

,

- E A It M y.

-Tic& ZuEvcv.--It. is stated in the best-informed Military
'circles, that the Brevet to take -place on the 23d inst. will be
extensive. It is said to be likely to include Captains of 1808
and 1809, on full pay, who are. to be rilajors; Majors 1812
and 13, on full pay, to be Lieut.. Colonels ; Lieut.-Colonels,
1811 and 1812, on full pay, to be Colonels ; Colonels of 1817
inclusive, oh full pay, to be. Major-Generals.; Major-Generals
of 1812 ,and 1813, on full pay, to be Lieutenant-Generals ;
Lieutenant-Generals of 1811 and 1812, on full pay, to be Ge-
nerals.: Should this be carried into effect to the extent stated,
it will lead to. 'Various changes.. Most of the Aides-de-Camp
to the King would be included, and would, therefore, cease to
be Aides-de-Camn. •
The 7th' (the Queen's own) Regiment of Light Dragoons
(Hussars) will, on.litting relieved at Hounslow, by the Bth (the
King's. Royal Irish) Regiment of Light Dragoons (Hussars),
march:to York.

The 24 (Royal North Britain) Regiment of Dragoons will
be entered to march from Manchester to Norwich.

MERCANTILE SHIPPING.

• DEAZ, APnr.t.. 12..--Wind:N.W.—:=Arrived and sailed for
the liiverthe Bucephalusi Smith, from Gibraltar; Fox, Whyte.
from Zante, and Intlustry,:.Baker, from Gijoni. Came down
from the River,: and rennin, the Retovery, Chapman., for
Bombay t Woodford; Lanibounie, for jamaica ; liatOha,.
Oilzean, for.Teneriffe ' • Robert Edwards, -Sherbourne, for Phi.:
Judd plria ; Hampton, Hamlyn, for Grenada ; Orien, Holland,
tier Alicant t James Duulop, Hart, for Quebec, an l hlararet,
Johnson, for Lisbon. The •Honourable "Company's.- Ship Mi_
nava,: for India, and St. Charles,. for Quebec, turned sway
about 11 a. ti..

- Ponr, sitoirrtr., APRIL 12.—Wind NlT.N:W.—Passed by
the Honourable Company's ship Berwiekbhire, front China,
landed her pubsengers.here.
PLYstouTu, Aran: 11.--'.Vint W.N.W.—Sailed the
Lady.of the Lake, Grey, for-America ; and the Polloy,Brooka,•
for I‘l,:rnel.

FA 1.310 urn', A PR1r.1.1„,--,Wind N.W.--Arrived the Duke
of York packet, from the Brazils, sailed from -Pernambuco the
3d January, Bahia -the Bth January and Rio 'Janeiro the Ist
Felemaryou -the .9th instant, in lat. 42, long. 7., spoke the
Flora, of London., front Gallipoli for Hull, short of provisions..
wiledthe Sphynx packet, for the Mediterranean ; and Prince
Reg:tit packet, f.)r Jamaica. • • -
:LIVICRPOOL7 APRIL 11.—Winds W. N.W.—Arrived the
Jessie, Douglas, from Maranham, sailed 19th February ; Ca-
nada, Rogers, Franklin, 'Howland, and Louisa Matilda, from
New York, sailed 17th ,March ; C?mbrian, M'Pherson, front
Macaio ; .William Penn, West, from Savannah ; Georgiana,
Cornick,' front Charleston ; Balance, Bennett, -front New (Jr-
leans; Courier, —, from Mobile; Africa; —, from Sa-
vannah; Harriet, Carr, from Campeachy ; Emma; M'Donald,
from Buenos Ayres, sailed 22d January. The Nocton packet
was to sail next day. Arrived the Wellington, Mundell, from
Maranham sailed 10th February.
Cowes, 12.—Arrived the Hope, Sweet, from ,Ma-
nilla, sailed the &h November, and from Sincapore the 6th
December.- • - •

The Wellington, from Jamaica, i:i in'sotindings.
The 13erwickshire, sailed from China the lOtn November,
Cape the 31st January, St. Helena the 12th February; espe-
rienced ,N.E gales ever since the -19th liarch. ChUaini fUll of
ships in want of proviSions.

Yesterday a.Court of Directors was held at the East India
House, when the following ships were thus timed, viz..—Duke
of Yorl, for,China direct; to be afloat 20th April, sail to
Gravesend 2d May, . stay there 20 days, and be in the Downs
26th May. Coldstream, Guildford, Broxbournbury, Malcolm,
and Commodore Hayes, fur Madras and Bengal, and the Cam-
bridge and James tiibbald, for Bombay direct ; to be afloat 0:e
18th inst. The Childe Harold, Albion, and Berwick, fin- Ben-
gal, and the Lady Kenn:may And Maitland, for Ildnihay ; to
be afloat the 2d May next. The Bussorah Merchant, Jaya,
and hord Hungerford, for Bengal direct; to be afloat the 18th
May. •

.
Rio in trA FLITA ASSOCIATICIX.—A . Meeting
of the Share Holders. of this Association was held yesterday
at the• Crown and 'lndio; Sir J: HARItIIfGTOX, Bart. in
t4a Chair.• 31t-13annER BEAr MONT addressed the Meetine-;
and.observed that the present. scheme did not -arise from the
prevailing feivntti of the moment for Joint Stock Companies,
`but that it had- been eight years in agitation.. Mr. Beattmobt
read several :letters, to, the Meeting, which had been addressed to
hini.several.years ego.frout gentlemen residing upon the'spot;
in which his plan was spoken of in very high and favourable
terms. I_The luxuriance of the country, and theelectiliar'rich.:
,ness Of the soil of the immense tracts which had been already;
purchased to the amount of a million of acres, promised to
the proprietors the .1116st:beneficial results,' while it mink] at
the sante time be,highly .gratifying to them to assist in the ern-
ploy:nent of numerous poor-English -families, who were to be
employed in the cultivation of this immense property. Mr. B.
exhibited several plans and maps from which it appeared that
the purchases of. land which had been- made were very favour-
ably situated.. The deed was afterwards read, and it may be
proper to observe that it contained a claim which renders the
transfer of shares- unobjectionable in the eye of thelaw.
A xTt-CITuoLic.MEETING.-:--yeiferday a moot
ilvlegetri,-arrolioanam:tSpagitaailntisetldii
the parish,Ca t holfioer
uttgr pwo saes lo'efl inti th
netlhe
bill
now in progress through the House of Commons. A meet-
ing for the same purpose took Once' on Wednesday last,
on which. occasion the Anti-Catholie party .were defeated--
Sinee, then, however, they appear to have experienced an ac-
cession both of zeal and of numbers, and at an early, hour yes-
terday morning die, vestry-rooM was nearlyAilled. Mr. Bartho-
lomew moved, " That a petition be presented to the House of
COMmons against any furtherconcession to theCatholics,as,while'
it ill are ackneeledged fact that their tenets remain unotanged,
it would be dangerous to admit them to any'sbare in the repre-
sentation,, and must ultiniately, in the Place of freedom, produce
slavery, and all the horrors of • the Inquisition." To this Mr.
Burton moved an amendment, for the purpose of getting rid
of the resolution, and a noisy discussion of about four hours
eniued, in the course of which all the usual common-places
were brought forward by each party. The amendment being
put, was ,rejected, and , the resolution and a petition founded
at
r majority.enu 0
uA,niyattem resisted,pt oacnadr rya
scene of-Much confusion was. the consequence, and some of the
pa thereonn:rt s amendment. a
cw
te
ur eilyto
o carried
the by
petitiong re'l
proceeded to blows. The speakers in:support
of the petition were. in this, ,as on the former occasion, almost
exclusively Wesleyan DiSsenters—tbe members of the Leta:
blished.Cnurch, taking the opposite side of the question.

Yetterdity the. Lottery began and finished.—
No. 8,185, a Prize of W,1001., was sold to a So-
ciety of upwards of ForiyGentivifien, by'ErroN,
at his Foreign and British Stock Otlice, No. 2.,
Cornliiii, and Lombard-street.

• YurrEitoAT.--Bisn's Luck again Conspicuous.
NO. 7;034, a Prize of 20,0001. was sold by Bum,
in Sixteen Sixteenths. lie also shared and !sold
Ten other capituls, viz.

7,034 - a Prize of - £20,050
474 a Prize of £1,065 I 6.4393 a Prize or X 315
7,822 • - . - • 1,065
'I,"„ ni\ ;,.523 - - - 220
9,403 - - - ! ''," • - - 220
6,901 • . - - ;315 I 7,522 - - - 220
9,G6a - - - 315 15,119 _ _ _ 220
The Fortunate Holders may, as usual, receive
the value of their respective Shares, on demand
at Bisu's Offices, 4, Clornhill.; ,or 9, Cornhill. 2
S U UDEN DEATH.---Yesterdaymorning Mr.
RaLrit Ct.* irros was suddpnly .-trttecked 'at his
lo,nigoi:itgeiol s,tieT White Horse, in Itegent-street, with
a it spasmodic etrection in the bowels,
nt Surgeon to
and notwithstanding every attention was paid to
.expired in - a fet' hours after in the
him by his landlord, and the usual expedientS
relieve he gradually got
prom
most excruciating agony- A Coroner's Inquest
sat on the body last evening, when the Jury, after
ptlythletdmafii7iicstteedred.
hearing the evidence of several witnesses, returned
worse, and ,ex
their verdict—"• Died by the visitation of God."
We understand there is no truth whatever in a
statement which appeared in an Edinburgh
pebrysoall:, emit' e
Paper
lately, that on Mr. Mutt WAY announcing ith.
gagernem of Mr. KEAN to perform here; gelitie.
man stood up in the boxes and protested against
his appearance. Such an announcement -Was- never
made by Mr: MunaAY) and of course what is de-
scribed to have followed could not have taken
place.--(Caledonian Mercury.)

OLD BAthEr.,,(Tin D.ty.)

• ExTENstvEßonanttTs. BY SERvAieli osiert,
Purdy and 'Robert Pearpe were putic;
charged with. robbing Nessrs. Jospj!, itiyne;
and -James .Ashwell of property to a-very
dera ble amount. T here'viere several 'iiitlictciii is
against the prisoners;' there was a de-
fect with respect to Purdy,. and the 'Cotirt
directed :an -acquittal. Penile wag. found.
Guilty on the first Indictrn. ent,'anti the Court de-
clined going into the others The anYouni:of
•
property stolen is•extrernely large-
Five More cases- rernai ned to he- tried, -.but. titt7
were" wholly uninteresting. Those disposed of,
the Recorder would proceed to pass sentence.
'NEW COUkT.
Two young men, named: Turley and Merritt,
were tried for stealing friar new saddles, fouppew,
bridlett, and as many . girths, the property- lof
Henry Macdonald, a livery stable)...t.eeperli,llll
MOOrfieldS. The:prisoner Merritt had fern rly
lived
,Servant' to the PiOsecutor and, on, a dby
mentioned in the indictment, on the prOsecutor
going to his stables, he found they . had ..been en-
tered, and the property above -enumerated stolen
therefrom.' He gave information to an Q tE.c.er, n;l4
pursuit instantly took place; the constablesucceod-
eil in apprehending the two prisoners in.White-
cross-street,Saintlaukes, carry. ins; the property be
tweeti them: The prisoner,
_Merritt, .made rub
defence, but Turley declared his innocence of tll,-1
robbery, and that he had been' asked by the pri-
soner, Merrit t,_to carry the articles found on lam.
The Court believed his story, 'and ihe Jury. kr-
quitted him, bat found Merritt Guilty—

OLD BAILEY—(YxsrauDAr.)

. .
( Before .111%-.. Sergeant A LtAsix ond a London Jzirl;.)
TRIAL Or DANISL MENLICL. FOIL PERJLrity Co*.

MITTED ON THE LATE TI{LtI. co 1:7. KEAN.
The defendant stood indicted for wilful and corrupt' erjury,
.in having sworn on thelate trial, in the Prins Court, be-
tween Robert Albion. Cox, Esq.; Alderman 'of. London, and
Edmund Kean; that he, the defendant, knowing the plaintiff in
that case, met bini and his' wife in the forenoon of the II th isf
June last, walking arm-in-arm down St.lllartin's-lane.'
Mr. Alderman Cox was examined. by Mr. ADOLPIII/9.—He
swore that-he' had never seen Mrs. ('ox frOm the ?sth April,
13244 till about-three weeks since; when he' unexpectedly met
ber. in tho Regent's-park, a period.'of eleven months. '.on the
day mentioned in 'the indictment he was passing down M. Mar-
tin's-lane; on his way to an office in 'Manchester-buildings.
where he was generally engaged four or five hours in the day on
Spanish affairs; he was accompanied by his niece, Miss NViek-
stead, who generally Walked with him wherrier lie went. He
recollected meeting the defendant Henley, tin which his niece
pulled his arm as he was passing, and said, TheTe's ;one-
the Drury-lane'people." It was aliout eleven in ile.forenoon,
and witness knowing the defendant was.belonging to the thee.
tre, looked round after him. Being in an.4ce. coneerning‘the
Spanish witness was taking lesxofill 4jOiall 'lan-
guage at the time; and on the Inornlng•liyipOstien:hic in-
structor breakfasted with him at his honse,-and ilarted with hint and his niece at the door. This cireurnitance :birnight it ncares to the witness's recollection. - • ,
Cross-examined by Mr.: A srnatves.--Witness'_understop4
the defendant bore a most eicelrent eharaeter. 'he cauCrisi
observed by hini (Mr. Cox) in alwayS taking hirtpiece . with
him, was in•consequence-of 'hearing it insinAtiteil:that •Fra,.ansl
Mrs. Cox had been much together since the,aetion atitnrhellc44 .t
It was at the suggestion of his Attorney.
• .
Miss Ann IVicksteatl; the'yrnmg lady Alio gave evidence a
the trial, was next called,: and examined. by :qr.:
—She appeared in the same dress she wore on the daysnention-
ed .in the indictinent, vii., 'a white dress
shawl, a Leghorn- lioridet„- and white eel]. 811 :it:coney:est
walking with her uncle on the' day mailed, from •his:
Hart-street, BloofrishirrY;' to. this :olEce in Man cliestei-bttitol,:,
Tags, and in Melling down Sr.' then niet-'the 4-teo
fendant. 'Witness remarked to.,beruncle,as he passed, ;Ties
was one of the persons connected .with Drury-lane
In answer to a question 'from Mr. A ie)?rt EwS
not consider herself at COx, either in pirson• cert
appearance.
Signer Alirala, the Spanish preceptor, proved seeing .4 ifier-
man Cox and niece go out together on the morning instiest.
This was the case againit the. defendant.
• • .
T. Owen was called and examined by, Mr. A ?•rp R; Ws fir the.,
defendant-1e -keeps an India s,hawl 'Warehouse in,,flon.;
street. Knew Mrs. Cox well. ' liecOleets 'ilifetirig Mr.s.A,ldett„.!
mac Cox and a lady in June'last, in WYCh-street,-,Stranki,
He felt satisfied that the lady was 3lrs.'Cox. Ile knew Miss
Wickstead well. •He was confident it was .not that lady.
James Bynam, one of the door-keepers at Drury-lane ,Thea,..
tre, recollects the defendant tellinp, him, some day in June last,
that he had met Mr and Mrs. Cox in St. ltlartin's-lane.• •. He •
had known the defendant for many years, and he always Leta
an excellent character;
Mr- John Hughes, Secretary to the Theatrical Fund, stated •
that from a report which had been circulated in the theatre,
4e
made application to the'defendant as to the truth of his meettng
Mr. arid Mrs. Cox as before stated. The defenslan t'said he had.
no doubt on his mind as to his accuracy. Witness in consequence.mentioned the circumstance to Mr. Setigwell, Mr. Kean's:air:
torney.
Mr. Winston, the acting manager, and Mr. MIMI, the tree,.,
surer to the theatre, gave the defendant an unexceptionable chi, •
racter for honesty.
Mr. ADO LPft VII replied, and
• •.. , . Mr.-Sergeant'Ananrw summed up the evidence: when , 1
The Jury, After a few minutes' consultation; found time de. •
fesdant Not Guilty.
•

MURDER NEAR'HANWIML.

•

:;;, : ;

•
. .
(FURTHER PARTICULAPS.)—Arnong the faol..
elicited from the examination of Wm. Giadman, the boy 46,.•
longing to the Brackley waggon, were many which had been..
suppressed by the drivers belonging to the same, in their eat',
nfrtionmatii(l-iinibetirlbarte
hte
ehsnCoon
a,orbceenes inJgutruryet;edanbdy itp one
faltilsoelemsrtftc*.
(Springhsll) as to the answers he was to gtve.to
that might be made of him. At the close of the examinatmt;
he was sent to. Hillingdon in custody of a constable,'-with ;,
tiers for his detention; but that he was to.be allowed. ere,iy..
accommodation. On Saturday a vestry was held at the chikrelit
on other business, which having been dis Pitched, Colanei
Clitheroe, previous to their separation, mooted the question an
to the expediency of offering a reward for the apprehension
.of
the murderers, and applying to the Secretary of State for a fa* „ ,
pardon for the accomplice (if any), in the event of hia corning.,
forward and giving evidence against the principal. Aftersoirke,,,
discussion, the further consideration of the question
.was Alf!;:, _
terred to this day. On Monday the boy was sent up to 1.491!--
don, and underwent a private examination at Bow-street, .4nd
in the evening was returned in a horse and chaise- to his pla4e,
of confinement at Hillingdon. •
The deceased belonged to a respectable family, and wan.%
brother to Mr. Chadwell, the beer-engine maker. He has lett.
a wife and family wholly unprovided for. In our account of the inquest in Monday's paper, we stAted::
that Mrs. Heath spoke to the hearing of quarrelling on the rood;
about the time and place of the murder. It now appears that :
this evidence was not given till after the inquest was held, and
that our reporter was in error in stating it to have been then
given. The error will be the more readily excused, whenit,in
considered that our account was not collected till nearly a week
after the inquest had been held.

t

CORN EXCHANGE, Arnie, 13.
The arrivals of all sorts of Grain this week are very ma-l1-Tr!- ;..
There was a very thin attendance of buyer's at market 411,10-
morning. Fine Wheat is scarce; and fully main airielast'quo-
tations ; barley, Malt, Beans, and Pease," haverno
from .Monday. Rather more money is' asked rot' .but !,..
there is not much doing in the trade. Flout continues to 'ell
heavily.
I,2A6ort_nrivrisAbt so.
—atEs,n(lglqiushartYrLeaFtio22,6l6,3B-430asarickeis.' 99"1/2611.

The following entry is said to exist; n
Churchwardens' accounts of St. Margaret':i,Naresi.+`.
minster, for the year 1416 :—" Also, paid to We:.
ger Fylpott,, learned in the low, for his' touniii
giving, 3s. Bd., with 4d. for his dinner."

-...,

- '''').rt. $:- ' ••="'
k .., ,
e ~..(1;:,
V.-s 4
~ 1—P:lt•Ot S)\. " ' 3 ‘-'
; *
..,
.76,..7.:, .y. .. .
•r. .... - #414, rA , ..7* . ~.. • ' "
,S, „ " - ' '*7.: '' ' .
C. iN :',Z; ' 4
tt
41*--- --Vtioi7;lr' .1
A 4.

THE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY
Krtructs from the Morning Papers, April 13, 1825.

. , NHS TI M ES.I
It is now asserted from various quarters, and
in. positive terms, that there will not be any Con-
gress of the Allied Powers of, the Continent at
Milan; and that the approaching residence of
the Emperor Franci; in that capital, is to be part ,
of a proposed tour of imperial magnificence, en-
lightened curiosity, and active inspection into the
state 'of his Italian dominions. Prince -Metter-
nich is to be his Majesty's coadjutor. or director
throughout the expedition, and is to leave the
krench, capital .on the 16th instant; ex,treme
grief for the demise of his lady some weeks ago,
being the cause, no doubt, of the Austrian Mini-
tter's protracted stay at Paris, to the exclusion I
°tail political schemes and objects whatever. The
Emperor's known zeal for the promotion of know-
ledge,and his liberal patronage of learned awn, will
have opportunities of displaying themselves on this
occasion, as they did so strikingly in a former
instance ; and the progresS since made towards
that happy consummation which his Majesty was.
three fears ago represented to have prayed fdr
as the fulfilment of his desires, and the acme of
his paternal ambition, in regard to the qualities
and merits of his Italian subjects,
,may be ex-
pected to furnish matter to the head and heart,
and pen of his Prime Minister, for an edifying
report on the principles of the Austrian Govern-
ment, as exemplified on the banks of the Po.—
Respecting this problematical or abandoned Con-
gresS, we are disposed to look at such proceedings
with no great depth of interest in their immediate
fruits. Judging of the Holy Alliance by its declar-
ed principles, we might say that every movement
guided by those principles would be a step towards
the disappointment of their partisans—towards the
dissolution of the Alliance itself, and to the
triumph of the cause against which it. struggles.
If; for example, a Congress were to end in a for-
mal confederacy for any specific purpose, hostile
to English policy,and to public liberty, whatever
incidents might arise from it—whatever minute
• vicissitudes or-re-actions it might generate, sure
we are, that the final result -would be, a lull
and lasting victory to justice, and an utter over-
throw of the whole fabric of arbitrary power.
That we do not wish for such a contest, is un-
questionable—we mean a contest to be decided
hp the shedding of blood. But tyranny is an
aggressive principal ; and any physical conflict
growing out of its operations, is to be meditated as
strictly of a defensive nature. From such a trial
England need not shrink, on account of any subtile
insinuations against her consistency and as little,
from any -fear that she would fruitlessly invoke
the predominant spirit of Europe and America
to aid her. But the battle is going on with
equal vigour, and in a more satisfactory form,
• than if it were fought with the bayonet, and from
the cannon's mouth. The human mind is work-
ing powerfully—the weapons are the reasoning
faculties and the innate feelings of mankind. In-
stitutions or confederacies .framed in defiance
of this great array of intelligence and morals,
trill be dissipated like clouds before the morning
sun ; and it is desirable that this bloodless
though decisive warfare should yet endure for a
season, because, with respect at least to a large
portion of Europe, we are satifled that it requires
no very long time to render useless an appeal
to any tribunal more harsh or cogent than that
of men's opinions and their voices. The phy,
alcal force of England secures a standard, round
which suffering nations may rally with better
hope' than those of mere impunity.

[NEW TIMES.]
he German Papers state, that the news of
bi e diminution proposed by Mr. Hnskisson in our
'lmport Duties has given great satisfaction
throughout the North of Germany and the Ne-
therlands. The inhabitants of those countries, it
seems, expect great ise..ntages to arise to their'
•manufacturers from this change in our commercial
'policy ; but we doubt whether the result will be
,quite so favourable to them as they expect. Adam
-Smith observes," that the greater part of the taxes
upon foreign manufactures, which subsisted in his
time, had been imposed for the purpose, not of re-
-venue, but of monopoly, or to give our own mer-
chants an advantage in the Horn., 'Market. By re-
moving all prohibitions,"says he," and by subject-
ingall foreign manufactures to such moderate taxes,
as it was found from experience afforded upon
each article the greatest revenue to the public,
our own workmen might still have a considerable
advantage in the Home Market."—This principle,
we apprehend, will apply generally to the com-
modities in which the Dutch or German manu-
facturers come into competition with the British.
Oa every one of these i he foreigner will have
to pay charges for freight, commission, port dues,
insurance, &c., which, added to the moderate
custom-duty still remaining, will, in all pro-
bability, leave him with no advantage over the
British manufacturer ; for these charges will fully
counterbalance tl e cheapness of labour abroad.
'l'tiere wilt then remzCn in favour of our native
tiii.inifactures, the preference already given to
them by habit—the settled course of trade—the
superior skill and enterprise of our workmen and
traders—and the daily improvements making
amongst us in machinery. I t is true, that a rival-
thipi In supply would tend to prevent the price
of manufacturing labour from rising rapidly
iiiiiongst us. It would prevent those frequent
riotous combinations among workmen to
compel their mahters to raise their wages.—
But this would ultimately he to the benefit
of the labourers themselves, by keeping down
the general scale of prices in the country, acid
Consequently reducing the price of food as of all
other articles. There may be some exceptions
in! wich the foreign manufacturer maybe able
icistiPply us at so low a rate as to bent the Eng-
lishman oat of the market ; but these must be
DWI 14 number, and trivial iMportancei
and their annihilation would be no national loss,
because they manifestly divert capital from em-
ployrnent.a9much more. profitable.concerns. The
quesituOssotifewhatdifferent as relating to articles

which we do not, and cannot produce—such, for
instance, as wine. It is said the French will no
doubt allow us to take their wines, and we shall
naturally consume the greater quantities of them,
the lower is the rate of duty ; but then they will
not take our manufactures in return ;' their ships
therefore must sail back empty, and this double
freight will operate as a heavy tax upon the com-
modity. %V-e conceive that such a course of trade
could not long continue. Whatever foreign ar-
ticles we take must be paid for directly or indi-
rectly in our own commodities. France would
probably soon perceive the advantage of a direct
payment, and would therefore admit some of our
commodities which she now excludes. Previously
to that period the ships which brought wine from
France-would hardly return in ballast, but would
take British cargoes to some part of the Continent
where they could be exchanged for goods suited
to the French market ; and thus trade; though
more complicated in its operations, ould pro-
duce at last the same result as if it had been
carried by a direct intercourse on both sides.—
Let it not be supposed that we mean to palliate
the folly of French Statesmen in not promoting
the demand for the staple produce of their own
soil by a reciprocal relaxation of prohibitory laws.
We think their policy extremely short sighted
and we have little doubt, but that in at very few
years they will be ready to follow the example
set them by the British Ministry.

[THE PUBLIC LienaEa.j
We have received New York Papers to the
16th ult. Those of the Sth contain the inaugural
speech of the new President, which was delivered
on :he 4th, in the flail of the Senate. The style
of this speech, in which Mr. Adams glances at all
the !earring features of the history of the United
States since the declaration of their independence,
is, on the whole, panegyrical, occasionally mot&
tory, and, towards the conclusion, prophetic, but
every where modest ; and whilst it touches on do-
mestic affairs with the warmth of a Patriot, it
never falls into the vice of trying to detract from
the merits of other countries. The allusions to
Foreign States are always decorous, and even
conciliatory ; and, in one place, a friendly bias
is evinced towards this country ; and the indirect
manner of disclosing it, gives it, in our opinion,
a higher zest. Mr. Adams, it is well known, be-
longs to what is called the moderate Party in the
Republic, and ►which, in the heat of party conten-
tion, used to be called the English Faction, as con-
tra-distinguished from the violent,orFrenchParty.
It is in alluding to that period of feud and ran-
cour, that the New President strews a partiality
for the land of his fore-fathers ; by which we
mean an earnest desire merely to cultivate with
it relations of friendship on honourable terms and
reciprocal advantages. No enlightened man
in this country craves more ; and as Mr.
Adams congratulates his countrymen on the
extinction of their national prejudices, we
can safely say that an unjust feeling towards
the Americans has no room at this time in the
bosom of the English nation. On the contrary,
very kindly feelings prevail universally; and we
trust nothing will occur on either side to weaken
them. We can answer for our own countrymen ;
and we would venture to take the same respon-
sibility upon ourselves with respect to the people
of the United States, provided their Presidential
Chair was always filled with such men as the
present and late. Presidents. The elevation of
Mr. Adams clearly favours the love of pence, by
which the Government and people of England
are distinguished at present ; for, as long as the
two nations remain on friendly terms, no other
Power, or confederacy of Powers, will venture
to disturb us in this policy, particularly as it is
the effect of principle, and not of weakness.

DIRITISH PRESS.]

The arrival of every foreign mail confirms more
strongly the opinions we have expressed as to the
effect that would be produced on the Continent
by the late speeches and measures of 'Mr. Huskis-
son for the general reduction of duties on the im-
portation of foreign commodities. The suspicions
that were entertained against the liberal system
pursued by his Majesty's Government are rapidly
fading away before the continually accumu-
lating proofs of their sincerity. The important
truth that all nations are directly interested
in promoting each other's prosperity, is felt and
understood by the whole commercial world ; and
the merchants of other countries are beginning
everywhere to be desirous especially of an un-
shackled intercourse with England, which, as
containing the richest population, must be will-
ing and able to exchange the greatest amount of
valuable goods. Some of the Continental Go-
vernments seem to be far behind their subjects
in appreciating the benefits of free trade ; but
supposing them to remain, as they appear to he at
present, ignorant of the first principles of political
economy, the influence of public opinion and the
example of the States that follow the liberal
system of England, will not allow them to per-
severe for many years in their absurd and bigoted
views. DdeanWhile, we shall reap the advan-
tages of the improved and extended intercourse
with the nations that may be disposed to act on
principles of reciprocal liberality. A Hamburgh
Mail arrived yesterday, bringing letters and pa-
pers from different parts of the North of Europe.
At Hamburgh, the proposed alteration in our
commercial system appears to have given great
satisfaction. From Stockholm it is stated that
negociations are supposed to be on foot with
England, as to further mod:ications of the pro-
hibitory laws respecting British goods, and also
colonial produce. At Brussels, and throughout
Flanders and Holland, there is a perfect unani-
mity of opinion, that the reduction of the import
duties will provit advantageous to the manufac-
tures of the Netherlands.

:►MORNING POST.]
Every successive arrival from the Continent
brings additional proof of the extraordinary jrn.
prP.SSIOG made by the proposed remission 0(
duties on Continental merchandise.—From the.
general satisfaction with which the adoption of
a more liberal system of commercial inter-
course has been received, France must-iodetad be

excepted. Her Ministersi-so far from proposing
to meet the suggestions of Mr. llUskisson with a
reciprocity of liberal feeling, pout and murmur at
the extension of British commerce, to which,
however adverse, they foresee inch measures
must inevitably lead. It is perfectly unaccountr
able that a people, acute and quick-sighted as the
French are, should for a moment hesitate to par-
ticipate in the mutuality of advantage thus held
out. That England would profit exclusively by
the exchange she offers were impossible—seeing
that her avowed object is the exchange of
commodities, hitherto interdiCted by prohibitory
and vexatious duties. Has France nothing which
she can advantageously exchange against the pro-
ducts of Englanin—Were such the fact, she might
hesitate—but with a soil, fertile in natural pro-
ductions, and with an.iiigenious population, pro-
' ducing commodities eagerly desired in this coun-
i try, there cannot but be a mutual participation in
[ the benefits of free commercial intercourse.
