sembles more the Freezing point of the scale graduated
from Zero, at which there seems no reason to suppose the
price of corn, unstable in its nature as the temperature of
the air, will steadily fix, although it may constantly ap-
proximate to it. The information already possessed shows
that corn may be frequently imported at prices which
may bear the duty fixed for the price of 565. while in
other seasons it may only bear the duty regulated for 655.

A further file of Sydney Papers, New South Wales, to
the Bth October, 1826, have been received at the North and
South American Coffee House. The following is an
abstract of their contents :

Continued complaints of the want of a sufficient police esta-
blishment in the Colony, and particularly at Sydney, for the pro-
tection of the Settlers from robbery and depredation of every kind,
sometimes not unattended with violence and murder, of which
ample testimony is afforded by the perusal of these papers. A
horse-patrol was intended to he stationed on..the Liverpool road,
and in and about Irish Town, to prevent depredations now
daily occurring. Bush Rangers still continue to infest the
settlement, notwithstanding the efforts which were continued to
be made for their suppression, one of the papers observes"that many
of the inhabitants of the bush were fortifying themselves against
the apprehended attack of bush-rangers: Dollars and dollar-notes
are quite plentiful, while British silver fails to obtain common cir-
culation. It was apprehended that many stores of hidden and
hoarded dollars would be yet brought into use, and would act in col-
lision with a sterling circulation, and were in greater plenty than
three months ago. The tribes of Aboriginal natives in and about
the district of Newcastle, were estimated at nearly I,ooo:strong.
Jt would seem that they had conducted themselves in a way which
had induced the settlers in that part to give them a sound drub-
bing to tame their spirits, and they are now pretty quiet.

Jamaica Papers have been received at the North and South
American Coffee-house to the 17th January. His Majesty's ship
Isis, of 50 guns, Captain Patton, having on board his Grace the
Duke of Manchester, and Captain Macdonald, his Military Secre-
ta►y, sailed on Saturday, the 13th ult. for St. Jago de Cuba. On
the Isis getting under weigh she was saluted by Fort Charles.
These Papers complain that the Governor had quitted the island
on a cruise, without installing the President, or without making
any provision for the performance of those duties which cannot be
done but by the head of the Executive. They add that the manner
in which his Grace quitted the Government, for his amusement,
'was rather too unceremonious. The public was much annoyed at
the circumstance. Sir John Keane used to act so frequently
ivhen Governor of St. Lucia. The 50th regiment had embarked
for England ; they carry with them the esteem and regard of the
inhabitants of Jamaica.
According to a letter received at Jamaica from Hayti, dated
Jar. 12, the Commerce of that country was all but annihilated,
and public confidence entirely destroyed. The Government was
'unposed to be aware of its danger, and would, if it were pos-
sible, be glad to back out of its engagements with France. In
fact, there was no chance for extricating the country from abso-
lute slavery but by breaking entirely their connection with France.

Madras Gazettes to the 15th October have been received, but
they contain no news cf importance. None of the expected ships
from England had made their appearance, viz.:—the Cambridge,
Lady Kennaway, James Sibhald, Rockingham, and Atlas :
the weather, however (though far advanced), continues favourable
for their making the port.

From the New York Papers of the 3d of February, under the head
of Rumours.—There was a rumour in Town yesterday that Go-
vernment had ordered the Naval force on the Philadelphia and
New York stations, to be fitted out. We cannot trace the rumour
or account for the order, if made.
A force may be necessary near the Brazils, or for observation
in the neighbourhood of Cuba, but we see no prospect of a war
with any EUropean Powers.
