RESIGNATION OF MINISTERS ! !!

The Loun CHA NCELLOR took his seat ou the Woolsack
at Ten Minutes to Five. The space below the Throne was
crowded to excess with gentlemen, principally Members
of the House of Commons.
The Duke of WELLINGTON entered the House at
Five minutes before Five, and took his seat as usual
on the Ministerial Benches. In a very few minutes
afterwards he ruse, and in an instant the most
profound silence prevailed. His Grace was very
hoarse, looked ill, and spoke in an almost in•
audit le voice. We understood him to say—" My Lords,
it is my duty to state to the house, that in consequence of
what occurred LIAM& in the other Housed Parliament, I
have thought it my duty to wait on his Majesty this
day, and to tender to his Majesty my resignation of the
office I hold. His Majesty has been graciously pleased
to accept of the same, and I now hold the office only till
my successor is appointed."
Lord 'FEYNHAM said that in consequence of what
had just fallen from the Noble Duke, he should withdraw

his notice of motion, and postpone it to another day.
Lord C:ROSVENOR seeing a Noble Lord (Earl
Bathurst) in his place, begged to ask a question relative
to the Office of the Clerk of the Council, which bad be-
come vacant by the death of Mr. Buller. He had heard
that the Noble Lord had tilled up that office almost within
21• bouts of the vacancy occurring, which statement he
could scarcely give credit to. The Noble Lord must
have known that at least it was doubtful whether

tat offiee should be filled again or not, and
he had really been aware of that doubt, it became

him to have paused irefore he had proceeded to make a
new appointment. lie wished to know whether the ap-
pointment had really been made.
Earl BATHURST rose and said, " My Lords, I am
not going to enter into the question respecting the propriety
or non-proptiety atilling that office, which became vacant
by the death of Mr. Bader—all I mean to say is that the
office did become vacant, and that it is now filled again,
the appointment having been made..--(Burets of laughter
from one end of the House to the other.)
Lord WYNFORD presented a petition from a pariah in
Northumberland, avtinst Negro Slavery.

'Tice Duke of GLOUCE§TER preiented several pet--
ions to the sante effect.

Their Lordships rose at Twenty Minutes to Six o'clock.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, TUESDAY, Nov. N.

The Gallery was opened Oil (lay at One o'clock, when
every Neat allotted to strangers was immediately filled, in-
deed we scarcely ever remember to have seen the rush
greater on any former occasion.

At Three o'clock the SPrAKER took the Chair, at which

time the body of the flou.e was completely filled with
Alembei w, and a considerable number were in the side
gollerieq,

Mr. JOHN SiMITIT was about to present a pe-
tition, but the SVICADOM being informed that it was
a public mut, informed the Hon. Member that, according
to the arrangement that had been entered into, no petitions
of a public nature could be read before four o'clock.

Petitiona, !praying for the abolition of negro slavery,
were preened from Burktall, North Britain, by Mr.
LitOcton ; from West Bromwich, by Lord Strathaven ;

from live plues in Ireland, by Mr. Lefroy ; from Roy4ton,
and another plus: in Cambridgeshire, by Lord Francis
Osborne ; from two plaities in Durham, by Sir Francis
Blake ; and alio from Several other places.
Sir 11,00E13 CrfIESLI.?,II presented a' etition from Run-
darland praying fur a reduciios of the duty on sea-borne
cloak,
