GENERAL ELECTION.

To MEMBERT, CANDIDATES, COMMITTRES, and
ELECTORS.—Being anxious to give the fullest and
most correct account of the Elections throughout the
Kingdom, we shall be very thankfiil to any Gentle-
man immediately interested, to favour us by post or
otherwise, with the state of the Polling, and other
matters connected with the Election, in Isis Town or
County.

CAMBRIDGE UNIVIRSITY.—Extract of a letter
from Cambridge.—" The inconsistent statements made
by some of the present Candidates of their strength,
and the various arguments so perseveringly used to
frighten, persuade, and even supplicate Mr. Goulburn
to retire from the present contest, are extremely amus-
ing to us residents, who are, perhaps, a little more in
the secret, and know something of the real state of
things. To us it is palpable that such effusions are
sure marks of weakness and dismay, and, knowing, as
we do, the relative strength of the several contending
parties, their private histories, moral and political,
with the determination of many of the best friends of
Alma Mater to exercise on the present occasion a
consistent. as well as viruous judgment, we are glad to
learn that the Secretary of Ireland has declared his
intention to persevere to the utmost ; and that,
believing it would be deserting his duty to the
Protestant cause if he now retired, he has again de-
clined the representation of Dublin, so honourably
offered to him by the united voice of all parties in that
city.

CIIIPPENI[it NI .—The representation of this borough
is now warmly contested by three rival candidates--
Mr. Grossett, the present member, Mr. Maitland, and
Mr. Frederick Gye, the latter of whom has attained
the pinnacle of popularity, by a measure which is
highly creditable to his head and heart.
COLCIIESTEIL—The only candidates for this
borough are Sir G. H. Smyth and Mr. Harvey. The
worthy Baronet, although late in his canvass, has been
received by all classes and by all parties in the most
friendly and flattering manner. Present appearances
give reason to suppose that there will be no contest.—
Chelmsford Chronicle.

ES.srx.--C. C. Western, Esq., and Sir Eliab Har-
vey, Knt., the much respected members for this county,
have each addressed the freeholders in our present
publication. There is no probability of any 'other
candidates starting ; they will therefore be required
only to walk over the course, in order to obtain the
prize.---Chelmfford chronicle.

Colonel Webb and Captain Berkeley both left town
yesterday morning, to canvass the city of Glocester.
Hunt..—A. J. H. O'Neill, Esq., has been called
upon by a requisition, numerously signed, to present
himself as a third candidate for the borough of Kings-
ton-upon-Hull. We are informed that. Mr. Mitchell
has declared his intention of withdrawing froim the
representation.

OAKIIANIPTON—A contest is expected for this
Borough.

PLYMOUTH—Within the last few days various re-
ports have been in circulation respecting the represen-
tation of this Borough in the ensuing Parliament. It
is scarcely necessary for us to say, that these rumours
of war are without ' foundation. There is no proba-
bility of a contest taking place. Sir W. Congreve has
circulated an address among the freemen, soliciting
their votes, and promising to pay them a visit as soon
as Parliament is dissolved.--,Plymouth Journal.

BOROUGH OF SouTHwAnK.--'—Yesterday evening
the friends of Mr. Polhill assembled at the Three
Tuns Tavern, High-street, Southwark.

ToTNEss.--Mr. Bent retires from Totness at the
ensuing dissolution. Two candidates have offered
themselves to the notice of the electors, one of whom
is Lord Viscount Barnard, son of the Earl of Darling-
ton, who is likely to be returned. Mr. Courtenay will
be re-elected.---Plymmah Journal.
YORKSHIRE-Mr. J. A. S. Wortley has been
called to the House of Peers by the title of Baron
Warncliffe, of Warncliffe, in this county ; and Mr.
Marshall, of Headingley, near this town, has offered
himself as a candidate at the ensuing election, to re-
present Yorkshire in Parliament. The latter gentleman
comes forward under the patronage of Earl Inzwilliam
and the aristocracy of this county. At a meeting of
Lord Milton's friends in London, on Saturday last,
Mr. Marshall was prevailed on to offer himself. Mr.
Fountayne Wilson and Mr. William Dinicombe, are
expected at the Hotel, in this town, early next Tues-
day morning, to pay their respects to the Freeholders
in this district. We trust every true friend to the Pro-
testant Cause, will make a point of giving his at-
tendance at the Hotel, and accompanying them to
the different markets, Bm.—Leeds Intelligencer.

WoßcEsmustmtE.--There is a rumour of a new
candidate for this county, and circumstances have been
mentioned which give some plausibility to the report ;
we have not, however, been able to trace it to any au-
thentic source.

WoncEsTEn.---As the day of election approaches,
the interest with which the event is anticipated in this
city becomes more intense, and all parties seem pre-
pared to enter upon the contest with spirit, and carry
it on with vigour. The friends of the several candi-
dates appear egli illy confident of success. Colonel
Davies has been here for several days, payinA his re-
spects to his friends. Lord Deerhurst and Mr. Ro-
binson are expected to arrive in a few days.—Worces-
ter Journal.

IRELAND.
(From the Freeman's Journal, May 81.)

In Ireland the bustle of preparation is beginning to
be felt. Numerous contests are threatened, and eight
or ten at least will certainly take place.

Since the appearance of Lord Brabazon's address,
it was considered doubtful whether any contest would
be attempted in either the county or city of Dublin,
as a rumour had found its way into circulation, and
obtained very general credit, that Mr. Hamilton had
resolved to resign, or at least postpone Ins pretensions.
We understand, however, that he was actively engaged
in a personal canvass of freeholders so lately as Monday.
In the city the son of the great patriot is certain of
one seat, and we
do not see any great probability of a
serious contest for the other. Mr. Plunkett will be
returned without a shadow of opposition, for the
College.

;
Mr.S. Rice will be opposed in the city of Line-
rick by Mr. Dixon
anti Captain
O'Grady, in the
county, by Mr.
T. Lloyd, the barrister. Lord Clare's
brother will come in without difficulty.

Galway county and town, Kilkenny county ant
town, and Leitrim county, will be warmly contested.

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
Morning 50 minutes after 0, I Evening minuted alter 1

Zbt.: mt.

LONDON,
SATURDAY EVENING, JUNE S. 1826.

We published, in a Second Edition, last night, the
KING'S Proclamation for the Dissolution of Parlia-
ment. This Proclamation was signed at the Court of
Carlton Palace yesterday afternoon, and directs the
immediate issue of New Writs, which are to be re-
turnable on Tuesday the 25th July next.
As we had the gratification of exclusively publish-
ing this important document, we cannot avoid notic-
ing the announcement of the Dissolution, in the
Leading article of the Courier, with all the pretence
and authority of an Official communication. Upon
reading over the article, however, we found it to be
almost a copy of one which appeared in a Morning
Paper of yesterday, and to contain' all the inaccuracies
of that article. In the first place, it stated that the
Proclamation received the Royal signature on the
preceding day, viz. Ist of June, whereas, it could scarcely
have received His MAJESTY'S Signature till the
2d inst., when it is dated : and, secondly, it states that
Ills MAJESTY at the same time signed two other Pro-
clamations, one for the Election of the Scottish Re-
presentative Peers, on the 15th July, and the other
for the Representative Irish Peers. Now, we pre-
sume, that the Proclamation for the Election of the
Scotch Peers likewise could not have been signed the
day before yesterday, as the Dissolution did not take
place till yesterday : and, in point of fact, it now appears
to be dated the 2d of Juno; and with regard to
the Irish Peers, no such Proclamation was or can
ever be issued, as the Representative Peers of Ire-
land are elected for their lives ! This fact the
Courier seems ignorant of, a 94 ,therefore in copying its
leading article from another p. per, which had made a
blunder of so gross and unpardonable a nature, adopt-
ed it as its own. We do not quarrel with the Courier
for thus misleading its readers, or fbr adopting the in-
accuracies of another paper, but we think it right,
when it puts forth with the air of an official communi-
cation, intelligence which proves altogether to be in-
correct, to set the public right with respect to its idea
of the infallibility of that Journal.

We have given in another part of our paper an ac-
count of a fatal duel at Newfoundland. It was only
last week that we extracted six ctilitirs of honor from
one of the Irish papers in the same day.
We are well aware of the difficulty of opposing
ourselves to the long-established prejudices of man-
kind, particularly on this subject, but we shall do so
fearlessly, When we feel that the laws of God and man
are both on our side.

Sedit qui timuit ne non sueeederet, esto."
As to the laws of honour, it is a perfect confusion of
terms, to call them laws. They are deficient in every
point which constitutes the essence of law. Law im-
plies that a comnumity vindicates injury done to the

members of that community--the laws of honour
leave the vindication to the injured party—other laws
pretend at least to be equal and uniform, to apply 10
the rich and poori to the young and old—the laws of
honour are denied to the poor, and are claimed as
privilege (a precious one to .be sure), of the uPPeI
classes of society, nor do they even attempt to Marl
out the line of demarcation between these classes--
Like those of Draco, they inflict the same posh!
for all offences,..--the blasting of one's character,—the
seduction of a wife or sister, and the making of a wry
face, are alike punished with death, if the executioner
is skilful. A man injures another, and he gives him
satisfaction, by shooting him through the head;
the offender and the offended run the same risk. But
no man in a law-suit will stake the title-deeds dim
estate of 10,0001. a-year, against one ,of MA
a-year, and yet a man in the enjoyment of. every de'
mestic comfort, is often obliged to risk his valuable
stake in the world against that of a person Whose vices or
whose follies may have rendered life a burden which he
is indifferent about laying down. But it is useless
to follow up their inconsistencies. The fact 19,
every thinking person must feel the slavery of
acid
amenable to an unknown and varying law, but
boldly
ndo
Incyea seemsaneebkeabear e
rt
aoenihniaamvnepe courageiutphtaaettiieonn frfrom
t ce oti fl odr wn
na
.r dacid
unjust he may feel it to be. on
nahs
lliacinriaognee hstomwsenvera
murderer or robber, and he smiles ; but call him
coward, (with equal disregard to truth) and you wake
him wretched. This is surely an absurd state
things, and it is worth considering how it has been
brought about.
If we do not forget, it is LORD BACON who men'
tions, what appears to us an excellent saying of King
JAMES the Siith, " That in funning an opini Of'
any custom, we should always reflect how and at what
period it commenced." Now let the advocate's dills
laws of honor; recollect that duelling (or the trial by
battle) began in the dark ages—that it is literally*
Gothic practice—that it originated in superstition, and
was a substitute for judge and jury.
In these enlightened days then, when superstition 10
given.place to true religion, when, instead of bel"g
Gothic, we flatter ourselves on our refinement, when
we have Judges and Juries—how is this practice I
allowed to exist ? We are told we could not do without
these laws of honour—the polish of Society would
be lost ! We can only say we have seen things tocn
much polished, for instance, an orange by tipsdir,ty
elbow, of an Israelite,. and other things which could be
be
ien
epeorli polished e d
Theso muchGree Greeks
as
andto
mentioned. But to be serious, we think manner* rosy
amongst
and brave people, but they had no duelling
aPPrR Liacahns
them. The latter nation, though brave and militaroyf
to excess, gave the civic crown for the reservation
a citizen's fife as the highest reward of the State. n
different are our ideas Is of
The pomp and circumstance of war, the exploits
a_
to heartless 20d-
LEONIDAS, SCIPIO, OT GUSTAVUS ADOLFO;
touch a cord in most bosoms, and few can lubni
it is not the courage
courage more than we do, but
of the madman or of the bully—it is that which sproi
in the " mens conscia reds.' —it
,is that which gr ui
the
not fail amidst the wreck of worlds. How far
duellist can often have this certainty of being the
in assert'
right, we shall not venture to decide ; but we
~ntS.
were polislie
without any fear of contradiction, that many of pleeas,
men of honour, who will shoot one through the
for giving them the lie, are not very ". severe ado_ :I:
of truth,' and it is this species of bully who ale
derive advantage from these laws.
If these laws of honor are absolutely necessary, i
comes it to pass that the clergy (so large a portion
ni
the society) do without them, and apparently v!ol.,
well? They cannot fight, and therefore cannot be
bo
os:
suited :—no more could any one else, if public opinio
than to the overlooking an affront. Our own ing?uel,,
sion is, that far from promoting real courtesy, a eL,
'1
big has an opposite tendency.. By common eonisi
to
attached a greater stigma to the accepting a challei:g_e.i.
one virtue, that of cou'rage, is unfortunately be."
be a substitute for all others ; and a ruffian who hap
pens to be a good pistol shot, and
to know the actual value of his own vile life, ice'il
insult and annoy the community to any extent, end
whitewash his offences by standing a shot. Were 1. so
for these laws be would be avoided as a pest; but doir.g_ii,
now might subject a person to the pains of death
the hands of the offender—a result which those, tu.,
are not by.any means timid in a good cause, are flat to
rally inclined to avoid, and very often, we reg,re so,
say, by a hypocritical semblance of pleasure, in 0,
ciety which must be odious. This is downright slach'o
has -sense enou_git
Why do not sonic of our brave countrymen'3%o
fought in the. Peninsula, and who alone co `fital
without the imputation of cowardice, step forwar-
declare that they will never, under any circumettlfse,
give, accept, or carry a challenge, Such a conth.;sl;
teixi
eaArndapulltele.p
at
itihese
eo
ffiperye Cow'
on the receiving of every
eveiirwites
sion, would put an end to duelling for ever; the
of the States of Army anti navy one
North America has already set ll*
their valuable aid to the first d *tin' I c
n uresse ,
P. I, with
• -
they hear of, instead of •
annoying quiet peop
ebullitions of their
courage.
wwohuoldreeeni tnreoarttlitc.ttio:lllte;l"l

.01010.— t i erixpi
In compassion to those who are doomed -° 2 th, o
their journeys through the streets of the Inetr°e}::l
foot--and in deference ' to those more ia;- oot
trtals who have recourse only occasionally t° beg
world, weiries,
. humble mode of making way the
lieea_e_vne
stettioisiti earnestly to recommend to the alltintelY
been
such behalf, to cause an example, which 114". to he
followed as Cexitlaernisntgveely7asss anliladiCto"tkhsePsuariZttilo„ritr
seem_ meet : we mein, the charitable'expedienat,,to le
Bulging pedestrians with square stone palle°,t-te'etfh
the most frequented crossings in Macadasoze,";t too'
or rather roads. On the, paved crossings, the ue-,,,-estep
passenger can, in the dirtiest weather, contrive to
from stone to stone, without material disco:o'4"Se'
his
subsequent appearance ; but through $ cap
adamized surface of mud, the most iligetwils,,c; aot
wade, without an urgent need for a shoe-hhie'rtioi
always at hand.. Without the praisewortilY et,eg'il of
of titose who themselves : bay a broarti,
t 1 or
cot,
Inviting others to do so, the two sides 01 "`",,Tiglii;
street, cum muftis aliis, are nearly: as th°f'l,Tit ;
parted, as were Dover and Calais during the re7ltur
the little great man, What must be the psid°' fro eaell
tion of two or more ladies thus separated IPr
other, when they happen to have., must P'e
tidings to communicate ?

The French Papers of the 31st ult. and the
of the Ist inst. reached us by epreas last ht
130
contain an article from the Austrian, Observer?

. date of Corfu, repeating the statement before given, of
considerable number of the garrison of Missolonghi
having cut their way through the enemy, and reached
the mountains. Other accounts state, that these
defenders of their country proceeded to Athens
Pwith the view of defending that city against the ,con-
• templated attack of IBRAHIM PACHA. It is added,
that on the very day of the catastrophe of Missolonghi
IB R A HIM had offered to the besiged an honourable
.4 capitulation. Allowing' this to be the case, it is not
surprising that men devoted to their country's cause,
should have preferred the glorious fate of perishin& in
the ruins of their fortress, to the surrender of so
- , Iportant a post, and to relying on the honour of so
.treacherous and merciless a conqueror as the PACHA.
The Etoile mentions the arrival at San JagoTde
Cuba, of the Guerrero, Spanish ship of the line, which
nailed from Cadiz about three months ago. This ship
as said to have joined the expedition assembled there
under General Don LAnonn E, Commander-in-Chief
• ' of the Spanish Naval force in the Antilles, who, it is
:said, was to go with his squadron to the coasts of the
Colony, in the course of April, from which it would
seem that the reports of intended attacks on Cuba are
without foundation.
President BOYER of Hayti, is stated to have given
up one year's salary (40,000 gourdes) towards the
liquidation of the debt due by the Republic to France,
saying, " That pecuniary sacrifices are but trifles to
truly patriotic citizens, when every good Harlan
should be always ready to perish, if necessary, in the
defence of his liberty, and of the independence of his

country."
FaIINCK FUNDII,—PARIS, May 31.—Five per Cents., 97f. ;
Three per Cents., 65f. 90c. ; Bank Stock, 2,040 f. ; Neapolitan
}lento, 74f. 40c. ; Royal Spanish Loan, 46i. ; llaytian Loan,
720f.—.Exchange on London, one month, Of. 50c. ; three ditto,
25f. 30c.

A Letter was issued yesterday by Mr. FREELING,
from the Post Office, announcing that, in consequence
of Parliament being dissolved, the franks of last

evening were necessarily charged with postage. , This
will astound many (food people when they receive
their letters at breakfrtst time this morning ! and cer-
tainly will not be a very an annunciation to
those who receive letters from Members of the late
Parliament, that the Proclamation for the dissolution,
had really been issued yesterday, though it appeared in
no other paper than ours. But, seriously speaking,
with all our respect for Mr. FREELING, and the extra-
ordinary correctness with which the business of his de-
partment is conducted, we are inclined to question the
propriety, if not the legality of this measure. It ap-
pears to US that a letter franked by a Member, prior
to the hour at which the Proclamation was issued,
was decidedly entitled to be sent free of postage on that
day, and that the subsequent issue of the Proclamation
ought not to be considered as annulling an Act which
had been done during the existence of the privilege.
With equal justice, letters directed by Members on
the preceding day, to distant parts, may, on reaching
their destination, be charged with so much of the duty
of postage as belonged to their conveyance from the
spot which it may be calculated that they were at, on
• • their journey, at the moment when his MAJESTY af-
fixed his Royal signature to the Proclamation. It sp-
pears to us that this is straining the point too Much,
and those who have addressed letters under the impres-
sion that they would be free of postage, and those who
will have the pleasure of paying their double or treble
postage, have equal and real grounds for complaining
of not having been fairly dealt with on this occasion.

It would be amusing to lay before the French

Chamber of Deputies, a statement of the Annual Ex-
penditure of the Turnpike Trusts round London.
The'amount would occasion some little surprise to
the French Minister of Finance, when we find him
answering, as on Tuesday last, the complaints made
, by some Deputies, of the bad state of the roads in
France, by vauntingly assuring die Chambers, that no
less a sum than 422,000 f. is annually spent on the
repair of the roads—a sum equal to less than 20,0001.
for the roads of a country of the geographical extent
of France ! It is no longer surprising that travellers
• find so much difirence between the Macadamized
roads of this country, and,the paved roads of France.

A Supplement to the Gazette of Tuesday last has
been published this morning, containing copies and ex-
tracts of Dispatches which have been received at the
India House, from the Governor-General in Council,
all of which relate to the operations of the Army em-
ployed against the Burmese Empire, but are of a prior
date to the accounts which have been previously' re-
ceived. Space will not allow of our giving the Dis-
patches at length to-day. We are sorry to say that
these Dispatches confirm the report which reached
us some time since, of 'a body of native troops
which had been sent in advance, to dislodge the
enemy from a position which they occupied, on the
• route by which the British army was to move from.
Promo, having failed in its object, on the night of the
15th of November, and having been compelled to
return with the loss of its gallant commanding officer,
Lieut.-Colonel Macdowall killed, and thirteen officers
wounded-the names of which we subjoin :-
22d Regiment Madras N. I.—Major R. S. Evans, severely;
Bird and Lieut. J. P. Hay, severely, not danger-
ously 2€41,
" Limit.s F. Darby, J. Shepherd, and M. Poole, slightly.
uto----Capt. Coyle, severely.
43d Ditto--.Captaioe
g,
H. :Wiggins and A. M'Leod, slightly;
Lieut. T. C. Bullki❑ d C.
Ruining. and angerously, since dead ; Lieut. E.
Hug" W. 'Ekey, severely; Soubatlar Sooloa-
moony, slightly.•

In the last number of the Edinburgh Review, in
the Paper relating to the London University, the
Editor hazarded some assertions on the subject of the
Classical languages, which be observed he feared would
not appear quite orthodox. We acknowledge that to
oa they appear to be not only nut orthodox, but in-
correct, and more particularly that passage where,
*patting of the Greek language, he hesitates not to
occlare that in copiousness the Greek is far superior
to the Latin or any modern language ; and in proof of
this assertion, he adduces Cicero himself, who, he ob-

lves by his frequent adoption of Greek words in lieu
of Latin, tacitly acknowledges his assent to this su-
periority. Now, it is curious to observe what Cicero
himself says on this subject in his first book----" De
&lams malorum et bonorum ;" and to those who may
have read the paper to which we allude, in the
.editiburgh, and who are interested in classical
literature, we have no doubt but the following
Ciceronian defence of the Latin language, as if in
answer to the assertions of a modern Reviewer, will

"year peculiarly interesting:—" Ita sentio, et step°
""erui, Latinam linguam non modo non inopen), ut
rulgo putant, sed loeupletiorem etiam esse gum
mam,"
