ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY.

A general meeting of this Society.was held at the
Freemasons' Tavern, on Saturday, May 3. His
Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester entered the
hal; a little after one, accompanied by Mr. Wilber-
force, Sir James Mackintosh, Mr. Brougham,: Mr.
Denman, Mr. F. Buxton, and several other indivi-
duals of distinction. The galleries, as well as all
parts of the hall, were crowded to excess, and a great
proportion of the assembly consisted of ladies.
His Royal Highness having taken the chair,
Mr. BUXTON read the report of the Society; after
which,
Mr. BROUGHAM rose to move that the report be
received. Although it was his. intention ,to make
but a few ob;ervations, he felt that an apology Was
due for addressing the .meeting thus early, and there-
by delaying the gratification -which all preseurmust
anticipate in again hearing a voice ever dear to free,
dom,—so distinguished in the service of humanity.
—(Cheers.) He was not without hopes that that
voice which had first sounded the trumpet in this.
cause, might yet be preserved to cry victory and
triumph. For coming forward first upon this occa-
sion, he had to plead the necessity of his presence
elsewhere on professional engagements for the re-
mainder of the morning. With respect to the ob-
ject which had Called them together, he could not,
but indulge in the most sanguine expectations of
success. As to the fears entertained by the society, I
he would say it must be "their own fault if they
should eventually be realised.. Let but the. British I
public set the example of firmness and decision, and
all opposition will cease, in what quarter so -.1
ever apprehended, whether executive or legislative.
Mr. WILBERFORCE, on rising to second the mo-
tion, was greeted with loud acclamations. 'He was
tilled with the most melancholy reflections on taking
a retrospect of this subject from the period when it
was first brought under the consideration of the le-
gislature. So far was it from advancing,that it ap-
peared to him to have retrograded.cOnsiderubly. In
1823, at the time when Parliament adopted the re-
solutions, the most modest, diffident, and sober-
' minded friends of the cause looked forward confi-
dently to no 'distant termination. Many of their
opponents were then desirous of coupling with the
measure the immediate emancipation of the HC-
groes. They, however, forebore to incumber it with
that proposition. Yet, I:ad the offer made by Mr. Dun-
das in 1792 been acceded to, there would have now
been scarcely a slave in the West.lndia islands. He
was an advocate for the colonies, and at that time
proposed eight years as the period for a total extinc-
tion of slavery. Could it then be deemed presump-
tuous in the present day to expect that the measure,
should at length make some effectual progress ?
Shall England now so far forget herself as to ac-
quiesce in the continuance of such a system, and
rest satisfied with a distant prospect of its abo-
lition ? When he looked around and beheld the
respectability of the meeting, • he could well
see that the proper spirit was not extinct.—
Nevertheless, he had lived too long not to know
that sensibility was no match for self-interest ; that
a popular effervescent feeling might evaporate with-
out producing any effectual result. It was probable
that a great part of the assembly which he had the
honour to address, might not be aware of some in-
telligence lately communicated in the. Aati-Slavery
Report. The simple fact would enable them to
judge of the manner in which the claims of their
fellow-creatures in the West Indies were considered
by the misguided men who had authority over them.
Lord Bathurst had sent to Cuba certain proposals
founded on the principles of Mr. Canning, every -one
of which were rejected by the colony. They went
still farther than that. Shamelessly intrenching on
the moral rights of man, they made a )aw by which
they precluded the people from the advantage of re-
ligious teachers. Net content with enthralling the
body, they sought to keep the mind in darkness, and
to extend the privations of the slave to his immortal
soul. In all the churches of the island, there is but
room for 11,500 persona, although it contains 400,000
inhabitants. There were indeed missionaries who
went forth to teach, and much praise was due to
them. In various parts of that island, they were
acknowledged to have conferted important benefits,
social as well as spiritual, in materially promoting
the public peace and order. They went on, dif-
fusing blessings on the right hand and on the left,and
alleviating the evils of an afflicted people. Another
law had, been passed, in the same spirit as that which
he had already mentioned. It forbade one slave to in-
struct another, and prohibited any religious meeting
after sun-set. It was almost needless to add, that
they were occupied by their business until then, so
that it must have been intended to have the effect
of excluding religion altogether. It appeared
monstrous that those who ruled by such a system
should be so little awake to their 'own interest, and
to the benefit of the island. He' could not, how-
eVer, wonder that the people who were thought
beneath tie sphere of moral dignity should be also
considered beneath the sacred contemplation of re-
ligion. With respect to the brevity of human life
among the slaves, there was one circumstance worthy
of remark. When the African Obi-superstition was
stated some years ago to be the cause of the morta-
lity in Jamaica, some inquiries upon the subject were
made at Antigua. The persons asked actually thought
the question an insult, and assured the inquirers that
the statement was wholly unfounded, adding, that
this superstition had been long exploded, and would
be only laughed at amongst the better-instructed.-
1 he fact was, that the hard usage necessarily lessened
the duration of their lives. The negro slaves in
America were on the increase, whilst those in the
more ,genial climate of the West Indies, borne down
by hard labour, could not be kept alive. It was a
reproach to the civilized world that those poor crea-
tures, after an intercourse of 200 years with their
European masters, instead of being raised in the
scale of humanity, should have been lowered and
-deprived of the domestic happiness which they had
before enjoyed. He desired again to remind the
society of the slow progress of their object since
1792. They must not suffer themselves to be de-
ceived into a belief that slavery would ever be abo-
lished by those assemblies who had avowodly de-
clared that the measure would be productive of ruin.
He further wished to remind the Meeting of one
point of great importance in the consideration of
the • question. It was this—Jamaica, had thrown
down • the gage, and bid open defiance to Govern-
ment. \Vas it not to be expected that the Legis-
lature of Great Britain would assert itself ? It
seemed superfluous to exhort the Anti-Slavery
Society to press on with unabated zeal, and demand
,the public should co-operate in bringing such a
Mr. DENMAN; in rising to move the second ettuse to a worthy consummation,
that
said a few words in discharge of a task
reso-
lution, entreated 'the • indulgence of the Meeting
v'w.hhiilcehilhead unexpectedly devolved upon him. He
came to add his assistance to theirs in endeavouring
to ascertain why the wishes of the public and of
both Houses of Parliament had not been carried
effect.. Five, yews ago Mr. Canning had pro-
posed resolutions on this subject which were literally
both
into
cast with scorn by the colonies. That dis-
tinguished Statesman was not more remarkable for
waY
talents, than for the practical turn of his
mind. He had heard his illustrious name and cha-
racter treated with some unworthy ridicule in this
respect, yet, in what he did with relation to the
present question, he was guided by deep and mature
deliberation. He consulted all who were likely to
hisi nhdi.gh
afford him authentic intelligence. He dismissed wild
theory and abstract speculation, and his sentiments
were echoed by the popular voice of England. No-
thing had since happened to create any change in pub-
lic feeling on the subject. The intelligent portion of
society- should persevere with undiminished ardour
in the achieVement of the great and holy end which
they had undertaken. The opponents of the cause
would do well to look at some of the numerous and
meritorious publications on the question at'issue.-:
To the authors of those works, humanity was deeply
indebted : they had entitled themselvei to the thanks
43(0 who professed love for their 'filloW-creatures.
It was only just to expect that the Other side should

come forward and attempt to confute them. The
Learned Gentleman here produced a pamphlet pub-
lished only a few hours before by one of the colonial
champions, Mr. Dwarris, a friend of his own. After
some general observations on West Indian property,
he proceeded to notice the practical complaints
against the colonies. It had- been alleged, that
"nothing was done by the colonial legislature towards'
the effectual improvement of the condition of the'
people." In reply to this charge, the writer affirmed"
that great improvement had taken place during the
last quarter of a century. With respect to the
charge that " marriage was not sufficiently encou-
raged," he admitted that there were but few regis-
tered, but denied that that fact in itself proved
the assertion. He (Mr. Denman) thought the
paucity of marriages was unquestionable proof that
they had not been encouraged.. He could not per-
ceive any dissimilitude in the nature of the Negro po-
pulation from that of the rest of mankind. The
conjugal tie would have been sought in the West
Indies, as well a's elsewhere, but for the counteract-
ing operation of legislative enactments. The writer's •
obServations on the next complaint were of rather a
curious character. "It was alleged that slaves work-
ed under the lash." The phrase, he contended, was
calculated to convey a false impression of their con-
dition, as the cart-whip had been disusedi and the
substituted.—(Laughter.). The lash
'was never applied, it was merely in terror.em in the
hands of the driver. Although but an exhibition, it
was one which he allowed' should be got rid of. Iri
answer to the charges with regard.to their condition
• upon Sunday, Mr. Dwarris giVes a very moving and
eloquent description of a Sunday which he had him-
self witnessed at Antigua. It appeared by his account
of a single family, that they were happy and serene,
enjoying the grateful pleasures of domest:C life, and
devoted to the interesting service of religion. hat
was this, however, but an exception to the condition
of the great mass of tie people ? How were they
obliged to Spend that Sunday which the writer so
feelingly described ? In reference to what had been
said on the subject of the numerical population, the
learned gentleman then read the following passage :
—" If the influx of Africans into the West Indies
had continued much longer ,at the same prodigious
rate as in the years immediately preceding the abo-
lition of the slave trade, the preponderance of the
black over the white population of the colonies, now
excessive, would have become overwhelming and
destructive. It is from the era of the abolition of
the slave trade that Civilization and improvement
(notwithstanding the incurable vice of absenteeism)
have- dawned on the West Indies. The severity
of the planter has progressively diminished, in
proportion as the slave has advanced from a
state of indigent and rebellious captivity to that
of a domiciliated and tranquil bondstnan."—
Such was the statement of Mr. Dwarris. It had
been said that they were desirous of .effecting
an abolition of slavery " too suddenly." The as-
sertion was monstrous and absurd. The•first moto
tion on the subject had been made between 1780
and 1790, by the illustrious individual on the right
of the chair. Since 1807 they had continued to
strain every exertion for the accomplishment of their
purpose, and now, after 20 years of labour in the
cause, who could say that this work was too sudden ?
It was no less remarkable than creditable to Mr.
Wilberforce that the planters themselves at length
acknowledged him as their practical benefactor. He
did not know whether any one present 11/Meyer been
the instrument of rescuing a human life: if there
were, his feelings must be most grateful. But let
him think what may be the reflections of him who
had not merely been the means of saving a friend or
a countryman, but who had actually rescued in the
cause of humanity hundreds of thousands of fellow-
creatures whom lie never should behold—(Cheers.)
The Learned Gantleman concluded by moving
the following resolution

" That this meeting are desirous of expressing anew
their deep regret and disappointment, that through the per-
tinacious reaistance"of the colonial authorities, the recom-
mendations of his Majesty, the unanimous resolutions of
Parliament, and the wishes and prayers of the nation at
large, have not hitherto produced their due effect in abating
the evils of that system of colonial bondage, which has
been so generally recognized not only as immoral and un-
just, but repugnant to the principles of British law, and
irreconcilable with the genius and spirit of that holy re-
ligion which we profess.
" That notwithstanding the contumacy of the colonial
authorities, it is further to be lamented that no effectual
means have been taken by Parliament to execute its own
resolution; but that, on the contrary, the system of slavery
continues to be upheld and fostered by laws, which protect
the produce of slave labour against the competition of the pro
duce of free labour, at a heavy annual expense to the people
of this country, and to the serious injury of his Majesty's
Asiatic subjects, and of the population of the United
Kingdom.
,6 That this meeting, therefore, feel it to be their duty,
again to approach Parliament with their earnest solicita-
tions, both to abolish those laws in favour .of slave-grciwn
produce, which, while at variance with all sound principles
of commercial policy, tend to perpetuate and aggravate the
evils of slavery ; and also, above all, to enact and enforce
such legislative measures for the mitigation and eventual ex-
tinction of slavery, as may redeem the pledges that have
been given, and fulfil the just expectations of the people of
Englund on this painfully interesting subject."
Sir JAMES INlAcriTostt could have been well sa.
tisfied to testify his adherence to the sacred cause lq
a silent attendance. He was not sorry, nevertheless,
to have an opportunity of adding a.
few words in
support of the motion, which the meeting seemed
so cordially to approve of. In all the history of tnam
no one could be found so presumptuous as to follow
three such persons as the preceding speakers without
feeling a wish rather to be silent than to second their
advocacy. He had once more been gratified by the
harmonious accents and affecting eloquence of. that
man who had ,for
.40 years devotel himself to the
sole object of promoting the happiness' of his race.
He would hail him in the language with which none
were more familiar :

" Nor are thy lipS ungraceful, friend of men;
" Nor tongue ineloqueut !"
It had been justly observed that the Anti-Slavery
Society were not suggesting tiny new or novel plan
for ending the sufferings of their fellow-subjects in
the West Indies. They stood on the recorded de-
claration of the King, Lords, and Commons of Eng-
land.—(Hear, hear.)—The Statesman already men-
tioned in connexion with this subject had acted with
a view to effecting a practical treaty between the
zeal of the English for the abolition of slavery, and
the interest of the European inhabitants of the
islands. He became a mediator, for the claims of
property on one band, and the cause of humanity on
the other. With the mind of a Statesman, and the
heart of a philanthropist, those resolutions were
framed, and the will of the society was, not that
they should be altered, but carried into effect.—
(Hear, hear.) --43 y the unwearied exertions of the
English nation, success must be inevitably attained.
It would not be too much to solicit the influence of
the ladies in a cause of humanity and,virtue. In
awakening all who were dear to them, in such a ser-
vice, they would but exercise thelovelieit attiibutes
of their sex.—(Cheers.)—lt appeared sufficiently
obvious, that if slavery, in the present state a the
world, were not gradually taken away, it must die
in revolutionary and ruinous convulsions.

The Resolution was then put from the Chair, arid
adopted.

14'r. F. BUXTON moved— "
That the Committee of the Society be authorized to
frame forthwith a petition in accordance with _the state-
ment that has been made by them to this Meeting, and
with the sentiments expressed in the preceding Resolution,
to be presented to Parliament: that to the House of Lords
by the Duke of Gloucester, and that to the House of Com-
mons by H. Brongbam, Esq."
This Resolution having been seconded by the
Hun. and Rev. GERARD NOEL, was agreed to.
The Rev. JOHN W. CONYNOHAH advocated the
ad put Chairman.
b y
The Ni. .
sums,
and carried by acclamation.
cause of the Society on religious as well as political
considerations, and concluded by moving the thinks
of the l%mleoettioinif
,as
tyo,tit
C seconded
and
His ROYAL HIGHNESS, in returning thanks, ex-
pressed his perfect concurrence in the foregoing re-

! solutions; adding, that it would be unnecessary for
' him to urge further arguments after all that had al-
ready been so ably advanced. He should feel
pleasure in-discharging the grateful office of pre-
senting the petition intrusted to him. He could not
forbear to congratulate the Society on the attendance
of Mr.iWilberforce, Whose health, he. hoped, would
itanture permit 'him tb appear where- his heart was
always present. It was strange that the friends of
this cause were represented as innovators, when so
far back as .1792, the late Lord Melville had given
• unlieurance that slavery should be speedily abolished.
After mentioning a similar intimation by Lord Liver-
pool, five yeurs ago, his Royal Highness concluded
by thanking the Society for the sense entertained of
his desire to promote the accomplishment of their
benevolent. undertaking. The meeting then separated
at a quarter after four.

SPORTING.-RECEIVED THIS DAY.

LONGTOWN RACES.

+TUESDAY, APRIL 29.—A Purse of 5 sovs. given by Sir

James Graham, Bart. Two mile heats.
Mr. J. Armstrong's c. m. Fair Helen, 4 yrs
Mr. J. Johnston's br. m. Careless Jane, 5 yrs
Mr! R. Tinning's b. m. Mary lee, 3 yrs ...... 3 3
Outcry Stakes.—A Sweepstakes of Half-a-Guinea each,
with 5 guineas given by Mr. Charles Phillips awl Hal-
liburton Little. Heats two miles. (4 subs.)
Mr. R. Armstrong's g. tn. Lineside Lass, 3 yrs
mr. J. Hodson's b. .g. 3 yrs

A Purse of 15/. for horses, 84e. Three mile heats.
Mr. Wallace's gr. c. Collector, 2 yrs
Mr. B. Wilkin's b. g. Puzzle, aged 3 2.
Mr. Margaretson's c. g. Jack Spigot, 6 yrs 2 3
Mr. Williamson's b. c. True Blue, 3 yrs 4 4
Two others not placed.

A Ladies' Purse for 3 sovs. for ,Ponies under 14 hands
lath, catch weight. Two Mile heats. •
Mr. Watson's bL f. Fanny o'er the Gills, 2 vrs
Captain Grahain's c. tn. Catherine Ogle, aged 3 2
Mr. Graham's pony, 5 yrs 4 3
Mr.' Dixon's b. m. Fancy, 4 yrs .......
WZDNICSDAY.—A Purse of 5 cove. given by Sir James
Graham, Bart. foe horses of all ages. Two mile heats. •
Mr. J. Armstrong's c. m. Fair Helen, 4 yrs
Mr. J. Johnston's br. m. Careless Jane, 5 yrs 3 2
Captain Graham's c. sit. Catherine Ogie, aged
Mr, T. Phillips's b. m. Mystery, 4 yrs
A Purse of 101. for horses of all ages. Two mile heats.
•Mr. Wallace's gr. c. Collector, 2 yrs
Mr. B. Wilkin's b. g. Puzzle, aged 3 2
Mr. Margetson's c. g. Jack Spigot, 6 yrs
Mr. W. Irving's hr. in. 4 yrs 4 dr
Two others drawn.

A Plate of 5/. for horses of all ages, not thorough-bred.

Two inile heats.

Mr. Hodgson's b. m. Betsy Bedlam, 4 yrs 4 1 1
Jr. Williamson's b. c. Slow and Easy, 3 yrs I 2 2
Mr. W. Watson's b. rn. Violet, 5 yrs
Mr. Kilvington's h. m. by Gambler, 2 yrs
THURSDAY.-A Purge of 51. for the beaten horses, was
won. by Mr. Wilkin's b. g. Puszle, aged, beating several
others. . •

NEWMARKET SECOND SPRING MEETING.
NEWMARKET, SUNDAY NIGHT.

The races this week (which conclude the Spring Meet-
ings here) are not of that value and importance which are
found in those decided in, the Craven and First Spring
weeks, nor is it likely that the attendance will be either so
numerous or fashionable : good running, however, we,con-
fidently anticipate. The races will be limited to four, days,
in order that sufficient time may be afforded to the visitors
to get to the Spring fleeting at York, which commences
on, Monday, the 12th inst., and brings out most of the
principal favourites for the great St. Leger.
Many lodgings are already takes here, and some Noble-
men who are regular visitors have already arrived ; but
there will not be any great show of company till to-morrow. While speaking of the company, it is but justice to New-
market to notice some unfounded reports which have been
circulated in various parts of the road by interested parties,
purporting that the lodgings and accommodation here are
iniufficieut for the visitors; we think it right to state, in,
contradiction, that there are a great many convenient
lodging-houses fitted 'up with every convenience, expressly
for the teception of visiters, and that the, accommodations
are to an extent much greater than ever were called for
since the famous race between riambletonian and Diatnond.

In this meeting, the whip (which is now in the posses-
sion of Lord Anson, to whom it was resigned last year by
the Marquis of Exeter) is at liberty to be challenged fpr,
and from the number of crack horses now at Newmarket,
there is good reason to believe that Lord Anson will have
either to dispute its possession or resign it. The conditions
are—" To be challenged for on Monday or Tuesday in this
meeting, and the acceptance signified, or the whip resigned,
before the end of the meeting (Thursday.) If challenged
for and accepted, to be run for on the Tuesday in the second
October Meeting following, over the Beacon course, carry-
ing 10st., and staking 200 sovereigns each."
The cup was challenged for last meeting, as we foretold,
Mr. Scott Stonehewer sending in a sealed-up nomination;
Mr. Wyndham not accepting the challenge,, Mr. Stone-
hewer .becomei 'entitled to the cup. We believe he chal-
lenged with SouVenir.
Betting.:--No business has been done to-day, but sonic
changes in the betting up to last night, and the near ap-
proach of the Epsom meeting, calls for a quotation of the
odds. During the last week the first three f•:vourites JOE
the St. Leger have been in great demand, and two of them
have risen some points, Velocipede having the call at 7 to 1_
The Colonel and Sorcery are at evens, so are Laatbtonian
and Zinganee, the three next being also abreast, Tl.e field
is rather small ; hut it is not improbable that it may be
extended before the day, as it is pretty generally expected
that about 16 or 17 will start for the Oaks not so mark:.
We give the latest odds

DERBY.
4i to agst The
,Colonel 14 to 1 agst Giraffe
471 to 1 apt Cadland 14 to 1 agst South cote
7 to 1 apt Lambtonian 35 to 1 apt Scipio
7 to 1 apt Zinganee 40 to 1 apt Alcaston,
II to 1 apt Merchant

OAKS.

agst Beitiarn (9 tak. )
itclot.
colts
int:lxatti.,gtds,vtoufiTriblieecsi
17 to 1 agst Resalia
9 to 1 agst Trampoline.
DONCASTER ST. LEGER.
7to 1 agst Velocipede (7i 1 Bto 1
C°losme:anstteit.bhee
end T ofh: Claret ai:r4ekmt'enaentfdirne stakesgell'yolrvthen l
thel
named, or sealed up and delivered, not to be opened till
after the Oaks race : if six or more subscribers, the owner
of the second horse to withdraw his stakes ; four sub-
scribers or ho race. At the same time the Ascot, Oatlands,
and a 2-year stakes of the same place close.
Mr. Robson.—From the integrity, zeal, and ability, dis-
played by Mr. hobson in the various and important trust 4
confided to him for many years, several Noblemen and
Gentlemen have agreed to present him with a pisee of PIO?
of the value of 1001. or upwards, " in testimony of his
conduct and their regard." Earl Clarendon, Cs Wilson,
and J. R. Udney, Esq., have undertaken the management
of the subscriptions, which are already ouv:ierous. This
public tribute to inflexible honesty and superior talent is
given to Mr. Robson on his retiree-lex:Urea-I_ training, and
is alike creditable to him, and honourable to his patrons.
We are unable to give the appointments for to .morrow,
as they will not he fixed till to...l,iight.

7 to 2 apt Zoe
4 t. 2 2 apt Ridicule

of the Navy Board,
_street, continue to attract a crowded
night
theasseT Institution)b lies
at
al ined Royal
nouynailerlrinlil
FridaynriAdiabLarie
attendance of
stituTtioliei,
persons distinguished for rank, literature, and
science. Last Friday, in the presence of the Duke of
this important and, to "s...ng-'
delivered a
discourse ou Naval Architecture, beginningwith '
a shorr
exposition
interesting
iishmeat most •
of the principles of
science. He then, with
minuteness as the time would
nun admit of, traced the history
of ship-building frorn the rude,though .
formidable and
victorious gallieli of Aix ' ' RED, the founder of our national
marine, throu.4l the ' ages to that of HENRY
1,111., and thence to thatintervof intervening
Lion of whose
mSoe:tfiEnB.ll7Lr(.lllc49iodt,`,ll,rt.:st:
man-of-war, _ _tittleaasr.or: 1.,.
Sovereign athdeeseSreTr:
(the original name of the clern.Ro aerleNotn•e7:ign)i Mr.
KNOWLES concluded his lecture. Royal Sovereign), Mr.
KNowl.s Concluded his lecture. Not the least curious
portions of the matter brought forward by this gentleman
were models produced from the Navy-office, of-Ist, An
armed' galley propelled by oars, and before the application
of cannon to naval warfare. 2d, The Great Harry of
HENRY VIII., with her four masts, yards, and rigging
complete. This ship, then the wonder of marine mecha-
nism, appears to 'have been no larger titan a very moderate-
sized frigate of the present day. 3d, A drawing, regulated
by scale, of the hull of King CHARLES'S Sovereign of the
Seas, and executed about the year 1630 or 1635, with
great precision and beauty. This vessel was nearly of the
admeasurement of a modern 74. Mr. KNOWLES ea-
pres.sed an intention of bringing down, on another even-
:ng, the history of naval architecture in die:at Britain to
our own times, au:l detailing, all the i ecerit' improvements
in the science as at this morneta adopted. • '
