CHILBLAINS, RHEUMATISM, SPRAINS, &c.

BUTLERS' CAJEPUT OPODELDOC,
Cojeput Oil, which is the basis of this Opodeldoc, has
heels lung esteemed on the Continent, as a remedy for Chronic
Itbenmattsm Spasmodic Affections, Chilblains, Palsy, St.
nevi, and i a
nlargement of the. Joints, Sprains, Bruises,
and !Nearness. and the experience of late years, in England,
proves that it merits the high character given of it by the
mo‘t eminent in the profession, in those obstinate complaints.
Being combined in, the form of Opodeldoc, it Is rendered
more penetrating, and consequently much more efficacious
as an external application. Rubbed upon the skin by means
of flannel, or the warm hand, it allays-mOrbid irritation of
nerves, invigorates the absorbents, and accelerates the cir.
culatitm.

v()Id in Bottles, nt id., and es, 9d., by liutlers, Chemists,
•t, Chenpsitle, corner of St. Paul's; and 54, Sackville•street,
Dublin; Savory and, Co. 13G, New Bond-street, and 220, Re-
gent•slreet ; and by the principal Medicine Venders theough-
out the United Kingdom. _

of whom also may be bad the CHILBLAIN CERATE, an
excellent Remedy fur Chilblains when broken.
*4+. Be earefol to ask for " Butler's Cajeput Opodeldoc.

WIDOW WELCH'S ,FEMALE PILLS
have obtained the sanction and approbation of Gen-
tlemen of the Medical Profession, as a safe and valuable
Medicine, in removing obstruetions, and relieving other
inconveniences to'whicb the female frame is liable, especially
those which at an early period of life frequently arise from
want of exercise, and general debility of the system. They
create an appetite, correct indigestion, remove giddiness and
nervous bead ache,'and are eminently useful in windy dis.
orders, pains in th. stomach, shortness of breath, and palpi-
tations of the heart.

Purehasersaiert4ttested to remark, that, as a testimony of
authenticity, each Bill of Directions is signed with the
name of

c, 4
--' ;,„,./4
az,

in writing. Sold wholesale and Retail, in London, by Wight-
man, No. 29, Paternoster row ; Barclay and Sons, Fleet Mar-
ket; Newbery and Sons, Si, Paul's Church Yard; Sutton and
Co. Bow Church Yard . sailer,
aou Oxford-street, opposite
Bond-street; Evans & ion, Long-lane, Smithfield ; Johnston,
Greek-street, Soho; Butler and Sons, Cheapside ; Godfrey
and Windus, Bistropsgate-street ; Mackerill, aa, WhiteChapei:
aml by Mr. Francis Cupiss, Dias; and all Country Venders,
at es. 9d per Box.
*** It is necessary to inform the public that KEARSLEY'S
is the only original and genuine Medicine, and bas bier pre-
pared by that for more than thirty years,

ROBERT WARREN.
All others are Counterfeits; and in many instances the im-
position labvls are artfully interlined with a different address,
in very small characters, between the inure conspicuous miss
of " No. ;to," and "STRAND." It is -earnestly recom-
mended to NhopLeepers and others who are deceived by base
fabrications of WARREN'S BLACKING, to return the de-
tected trash to the source whence it came, and expose the
machinations of rascality to merited obloquy.
WARREN'S BLACKING is surpassingly ; it ex.
eludes damp ; gives pliancy to the leather; retains its pris-
tine virtue in all climates; and, cotuhining elegance with
comfort, is an article equally of iudispeusable fashion. and
utility.
Sold by every respectable Vender inTown and Country, in
bottles, at 6d. Ind. led. and led. trarb.

PARLI AiVIE NT,

HOUSE OF LORDS, Fun. 21.

NEW BILLS.
Mr. BII.OODEN and others brought from the Commons the
Appropriation Bill for 1826, the Ten Millions of Exchequer
Bins Bill, and a Bill to amend the Act respecting the Salaries
of Bishops and other Ecclesiastics in the 'West ladies—Mad
a first time.

• RETURNS. •
A Gentleman from the Privy Council presented a Return of
the Import and Export Duties between tins country and the
Netherlands.—Laid on the table.

Mr. slatmsox, from the Lotiiion Docks Company, presented
in Account of the receipts and disbursements of that Establish.
meat from the Ist of November, 1824, to the Ist of Nov. 1825.
NEORO SLAVERY.
The Earl o'' SHAFTESBURY presented a Petition from
Kington, in Herefordshire, praying for the Aholition of Sta.
very.--Laid on the table.
The Earl of ST. GERMANS presented Petitions from va.
none parishes in the County of Cornwall to the same effect.—
Laid on the table.

The Archbishop of YORK presented a similar Petition
from the City of York, and stated that he fully concurred in
its prayer. This was not the moment for discus.ing the toes,
tion, but whenever any measure should come before the
House, it should have his support. The Petition was then
laid on the table.

Lord KIND also presented a Petition of 3 similar nature
from Taunton, in Somersetshire. The Petitioners declared, in
addition to their prayer for the abolition of slavery, that they
were quite prepared to pay their share of the expence which the
redemption of the slaves would occasion. To such a measure,
however, he ( Lord King) would not agree. He wished Var.
liament to take steps to make the people in the Colonies obey
the laws. lie was of the same opinion as a Right Rev. Prelate
who had spoken on the subject a few days since. 119 would
put an end to slavery by fair means it' he couldl but if those
tailed, still he would put an end to it. The\ petition was then
laid on the table.
The Marquis of LANSDOWN presented Petitions to the
same effect, from Penstanton, in Huntingdonshire ; from Cliff,
near Lewes; and from Tavistock, in the county of Devon.—
Laid on the table.

CURRENCY IN SCOTLAND.
Viscount MELVILLE pmented a Petition from the Lord
Provost and the Council of Edinburgh against any alterations
in the Banking System in Scotland. lie should not cuter at
present into the subject, but was persuaded that interfering
with the existing system of honking established in that country
would be injurious, and consequently should oppose any melt.
sure having that tendency. This was not, however, the pre.
sent question; that question now involved only the abolition
of small notes. The petitioners deprecated that abolition, but
he did not share all their sentiments, though lie concurred in
their general prayer.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE agreed with the Noble Vis-
count that it was impossible not to concur with the general
sc
pray et of' the petition. That Noble Lord, however, thought
that one pound notes might with softy be abolished ; but it
was that which occasioned the alarm, and against which the
chi
3ofiEthisi
the Petition wtrenopresented a petition tfront the
Chamber on the table.
Viscount Objectou
Chamber of Conunerce and Manufactures of Edinburgh ;
which, however, was withdrawn, as it appeared to be against a
Bill which was not at present before Parliament.

CORN LAWS.
Lord KING presented a petition from the Operative Wea-
vers of Perth, against the Corn Laws. Ills Lordship stated
that it was signed by 1,200 individuals. It had been said that
the subject should nor be discussed at present, but when it
should come forward, he hoped not to hear anymore hbont the
horrors of plenty. The Corn Laws as they stood were a dis-
grace to the Statutes of the Empire.
The Earl of Lim ERICN Inquired whether the petitioners
offered or promised to contribute their share to compensate
Landowners for any kiss which an alteration in the Corn Laws
might inflict upon them.
Lord KING replied that the petitioners were by far too sen-
sitabb.
leteto:Aadjkoeumd
suche promote. his Lordship then presented
a similar petition `from Kirby Kendal, in Nrestmoreland.
Signed by 3,000 individuals.—Both petitions were laid on the

ALIn Ol
of tPI
v
‘
HOUSE OF COMMONS.
ABOLITION OF SLAVER V.
tanij: oaf the LTT
tion of Blavery.—Laid on the table.
A similar petition was presented by Oen. PHIPPS, from the
N;epirelinsegnborauted a
gl t, petitionpraying
from, the Inhabi.
for the Aboli.
ying
Baillies, Burgesses and other Officers of the Town of Sear.
borough.—Orderd to be printed.
Sir JOHN COTTERELL presented a petition from King.
ton, in Heref4rdshire, against Saver)'.—Liuul on the table.
Several petitions, from different l'ariihes m Oxford, to the
same effect *ere preiented, and laid on the table.
Sir THOMAS LETHBRIDGE presented a petition from

Mr. HART DAVIS presented a Petition'from the Inhabi-
tants of the Parishes of St. Mary and St. James, in Bristol,
praying. a repeal of the House and Window Taxes.. Ordered
to be printed.. •
Mr. Alderman WOOD brought up the Report of the St.
Giles Tithe Committee, and obtained leave to bring in a Bill
to abolish the payment of Tidies and Laster Offerings to the
Vicar of St. Giles's, Without, Cripplegate.. .
Mr. JOHNSON presented a return of the names of parishes
in Ireland, where compositions- (by the Tithe Composition Act)
had been matte.—Laic on the table.
Mr. PFAARSE presented a Petition from the Manufacturers
of the Borough of ,Derby, praying for a further reduction of the
duty on Tobacco.
Mr. 11 EN NETT supported the Petition...... Ordered. to be
printed.

Ilfr. J. SMITH presented a Petition . from Mr. William
Clancey, who had held the situation of one of the principal
Clerks in the Court of Common Pleas ip Ireland, at the salary
of Min/. per annum, but from whleh Office be had been ejected
without any reason being assigned*-I,aid on the table.
Air. lIIJME begged leave to renew the order for laying be.
fore the House a Return of the 'Mintier. 0011h:era in the Army
on half.pay ; as also a Return of Officers who have been pro.
muted or received pensions from the years lti22 to 1826.-or.
dered.

The How. MEMBER also gave notice of his intention on
Monday next to move for several other Military Return*.
Mr. FERRAN presented a Petition from the Proprietors of
the Royal Corn Exchange Mark-lane, raying that the Bill
then before the House relative to. building a new Corn Ex.
change, might not pass into a law.—Referred to the Commit.
tee on the Bill, with leave to cull Counsel if the Committee
thought tit.

Mr. JOHNSON presented an Account of the Receipts and
Disbursements of the London Dock Company.—Laid on the
table.
Mr. M. A. TAYLOR presented a Petition from the Pro-
testant Dissenters in the City of Durham and its vicinity, pray.
big for the Abolition of Slavery.—Laid on the table.
Mr. EVANS moved an Address, praying for Copies and
Extracts of all Correspondence between his Alniesty's Govern.
ment and Foreign Powers, relative to the Slavel`rede, Since
January, 111'.16. The lion. Member also moved for the similar
Correspondence between the Government and the Commis.
sinners and Governors at Sierra Leone, Rio Janeiro, the Cape
of Good -Hope, the Mauritius, and other plaCes.—Agreed to.
Mr. W. SMITH presented a Petition from the Manufac.,
turers of Tobacco and Snuff in the city of Norwich, praying
a repeal of the high duties on Tobacco.—Ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HUM E presented a Petition from the. Operative Weavers
of Perth, preying tor a . Free Trade in Corn.-.4.aid on the
table.
Captain GORDON presented a Petition from the Provosts,
Magistrates, and Town Council pf Aberdeen, praying that
there might be no alteration in the system of Ranking in Scot-
land. The lion. Member expressed his Concurrence in the
prayer of the petitioners. -
Air. HUM i said a few words in support of the petition....
Laid on the table.

EXCHEQUER BILLS.
Mr. ELLICE, seeing the Right Honourable the Chancellor
of the Exchequer in his place, wished to ask hint It question.
Some years urn a certain amount of Exchequer Bills was placed
in the hands of Commissioners to be advanced upon public
works, and for the relief of the poor—he understood that some
of these Exchequer lhils had never been employed, and still
remained in the hands Of the Commissioners ; and mat an ap.
plication had been made to theni by certain manufacturers re.
questing the advance of these Exchequer Bills, to enable them
to curry on their works, anti prevent the poor whom they ern.
,ployetl from starving. lie wished to ask whether this applica-
tion had been encouraged by the Government, and whether
they had recommended a compliance on the part of the Com-
missioners.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that the
first intimation he had received upon this subject was from the
lion. Member himself. Lie therefore could have given no en.
couragement to those who made the application to which the
Honourable Member had alluded. The only manner in which
he was informed of the circumstance was through a letter,....
not directed to him, but to another person—and which had been
placed in his hands. in that letter it was asked if the Commis-.
sooners would afford assistance in the case mentioned by the
Hon. Gendeman. it was said that the case might-come within
the meaning of the Act, but the Government had never given
any intimation to the Commissioners as to how they should
apply the funds in their hands. No application had been made
to the Government by them, anti therefore could have received
no encouragement upon the subject.
Mr. ELLICE then gave notice, that on Tuesday next the
should move fur Accounts of the amount of Exchequer Bills
advanced by the Commissioners, and of those remaining in
their possession.

SIEMIMII, whose name we could not learn, pot n question
to the Right Hon. Chancellor of the Exchequer, respecting the
duty on small coals coming by sea.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said there
was a very plain answer, which was this. In an Act passed
last year there .was a clause introduced, imposing Only a lower
duty upon small coals carried coastwise from the port of New.
castle. Under that Act, small coals had been instated at a very
low duty.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved that
the House at its rising do adjourn to Monday.
