LONDON, TUESDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 13, 1832.

MR. JAMES'S LAST HISTORICAL ROMANCE.
This day was published, in 3 vols. post Bvo.
HENRY MASTERTON;
Or, THE YOUNG CAVALIER.

By the Author of " Richelieu," "Darnley," &c.
Also, New Editions of the Author's former Works, via._
RICHELIEU, a Tale of the Court of France. 3 vols.
DARNLEY, or the Field of the Cloth of Gold. 3 vols.
DE L'ORME. 3 vols.

PHILIP AUGUSTUS, or the Brothers in Arms. 3 vole,
Published for Henry Colburn by R. Bentley, New Bur•
lington- street.

Early in December will be published,
HOOD'S COMIC ANNUAL for 1833.
Charles Tilt, 86, Fleet-street.

Of whom may be had, New Editions of

HOOD'S COMIC ANNUALS for 1830, 31, 32.
HOOD'S WHIMS and ODDITIES, a New Edition;
the two volumes now printed in one, uniform with the
"Comic Annual," price 12s.

This day was published, price 35., royal Bvo., the Second

Part of
PORTRAITS OF THE PRINCIPAL
FEMALE CHARACTERS of the WAVERLEY
NOVELS. Containing Four beautiful Heads from designs
by F. Stone, Mrs. Carpenter, W. Boxall, and S. J. Ro
chard, and an original Autograph Letter of Sir Walter
Scott's.

•Ak. A few India Proofs in royal 40., price 58. 6d.,
and 25 Proofs before Letters, price 7s. 6d., are taken.
Chapman and Hall, 186, Strand.

This day was published, price 2s. 6d.
THE EIGHTH PART OF

FINDEN'S LANDSCAPE ILLUS-
TRATIONS to LORD BYRON'S LIFE and
WORKS; containing Five Views by Turner, Cailcott,
Roberts, Gastineau, and Purser. Engraved in the first
style of the Art.

John Murray, Albemarle-street; sold also by Charles
Tilt, Fleet-street.

'# # A few Proofs, price 55., and India Proofs, price
7s. 6d., in royal 4t0., are taken ; in which are given two
additional Plates from the Eighth Volume of Lord Byron's
Life and Works.

TO THE CLERGY, HEADS OF FAMILIES, EMI-
GRANTS, TRAVELLERS, AND CAPTAINS OF

VESSELS.
Just Published, price 3s. 6d. (considerably enlarged and

improved), Third Edition,

BUTLER'S MEDICINE CHEST DI-
RECTORY, and Family Catalogue of Drugs,
Chymicals, &c., with the Properties and Doses, and the
best mode of Administration of all t 7. ,e Articles more ge-
nerally used in DOMESTIC MEDICINE; to which is
appended a CONCISE and FAMILIAR DESCRIP-
TION of DISEASES, with the most approved Methods
of Treatment, according to Modern Practice.
I❑ the Work will also be found explicit directions for
Fumigating Infectious Chambers, and Counteracting Poi-
sons; the Royal Humane Society's mode of treating Sus-
pended Animation from Drowning, Apoplexy, Suffoca-
tion, &c. Also, Observations on Bathing, and the Mine-
ral Waters of Cheltenham, Bath, Harrowgate, Learning-
ton, Buxton, &c.
.‘ We have not seen the preceding editions of this useful Vo-
lume ; but do not wonder, on looking it over, that it should have
reached a third impression. For common family reference—for
the Lady Bountifuls (if such now exist in country quarters)—for
Clergymen, and other benevolent persons, who may be called
upon to assist the sick, or those who have met with accidents, at
a distance from medical advice, this Directory is an excellent
guide. We cordially recommend it to notice, as a work which
may assuage much human misery, and enable every one to do
much good to his fellow-creatures."—Literary Gazette.

BUTLER'S MEDICAL HALL, 54, Lower Saekville-
street ; and W. F. Wakeman, Dublin ; Simpkin and Mir-
shall, London ; Oliver and Boyd, Edinburgh ; and all
Booksellers and Druggists in the United Kingdom.

of indignation, which lasted about a minute, followed
this declaration.) To say that such a man, their
proved enemy, was to receive the suffrages of the
Dissenters in preference to him (Mr. Hume), their
proved friend, was a libel on their consistency, in
fact, a base slander on their gratitude, common
honesty, and common sense.---(Great cheers.) But
it seems the N tble candidate was a " Church Re-
former."—(A laugh.) No doubt a most efficient one,
since he had been put forward as the chosen chem.
pion of the Bishops, and the Pluralists, and the
Conservatives of Middlesex.—( Continued laughter.)
Mr. Hume here explained his views of Church
Reform, to the effect that he wonld deprive th,
Bishops of their seats in the House of Lords—
(Tremendous applause)—and confine them to those
sacred duties which experience had proved to be in-
compatible with their legislative honours. For
example, in consequence of their having voted in
the majority of forty-four which rejected the first
Reform Bill from the House of Lords, they became
so unpopular that the Archbishop of Canterbury
and the Bishop of London had to postpone the
Consecrating of a new church, the day for
which had been fixed previously to that ill-
timed rejection. Hence it was plain that their
interference in politics had prevented them from
•discharging their sacred functions. This fact
alone, without referring minutely to the undeniable
fact which the page of history proved—namely, t hat
for the last 100 years the Bishops and higher clergy
have been the uniform supporters of every measure
which trenched upon the rights and liberties of the
people, and the as uniformly zealous opposers of
every measure proposed to ameliorate the civil or
political condition of the people—would show the
advantage of relieving the bishops from the serious
embarrassments of their temporal distinctions and
superfluities. For the same reason he would pre-
vent clerks from being Justices of the Peace.—
(Hear, hear.) He would also reduce the enormous
incomes of the Church dignitaries to a level with
their services and rank in the State; he saw not
why a Bishop should be better paid than a Judge
or a General, and indeed could ill reconcile the
more than eastern magnificence with which our pre-
lates lorded it in purple and fine linen, and stately
chariots, while so many hundreds of the really work-
ing clergy were eking out a miserable existence on
means less than my Lord Bishop's coachman or fat
butler.—(Loud cheers.) Let them take a lesson
Irons the Church of Scotland, under which no cler-
gyman enjoyed less than 1501. a-year, and no
clergyman more than 3501., except three (those of
Edinburgh, Glasgow, and Aberdeen), whose in-
come was from that to 500/. a-year.
An Elector—Does the Hon. Member mean to
say, that 3501. would be a sufficient pittance for a
clergyman of the Church of England ?—(" Cer-
tainly." " Quite enough." " Too much, if
any thing.")

Mr. HUME—The best answer is contained in the
fact, that the average of the working clergy in Eng-
land does not at this moment exceed 100/. a year.
—(ilear, hear.) In the Church of Scotland a non-
resident and a pluralist was unknown ; even Lord
Henley admits that more than half of the livings of
England (5,700 out of a total of 10,500) are with-
out a resident clergyman.—(Hear, hear.) To be
sure the noble " Church Reformer" admits that he
does not altogether " approve" of this system, and
hopes it will soon be amended.—(A laugh.) Mr.
Hume next, at considerable length, explained his
views with respect to slavery, the shortening of Par-
liaments, the ballot, and the abolition of the taxes
on knowledge. He was, as they all knew, an advo-
cate for the ballot, as the only means of insuring the
elector the free exercise of his franchise right. The
taxes on knowledge and advertisements could not
be too soon abolished, in justice to the less wealthy
and less enlightened portion of the community. He
was an advocate for triennial instead of annual Par-
liaments, because he was convinced that no measure
of public importance could ever be properly—that
is, salutarily—matured in less than two years, which,
all things considered, would be about the average
duration of triennial Parliaments.
