SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.

VESSELS ENTERED INWARDS AT THE CUS.
TOM-HOUSE, FEB. 10.
The Hero, Wickam, from St. Michael's; Rose, Moore;
Alderney ; Royal Mail, Scott, St. Michael's ; Bacchus, Pat-
terson, Charente; Anguila, Lavalle, Gravelines; Cato, Les-
lie, Jersey ' • Slimier, Duck, Charente; Henry, Towser, St.
Michael's; Rambler, Hall, Cadiz; Asia,' Biddle, Calcutta
Bruce, Stephenson, Charente; Monarch, Foulerton, Havre;
William Jolliffe, Middleton, Calais ;. Dart, Block, Ostend;
Attwood, Stranack, Rotterdam.
ENTERED OUTWARDS FOR LOADING.
The Cater, Merrels, for Dunkirk; William, Soames, Rot-
terdam ; Palmyra, Gill, Corfu ; Rawlins, M'Queen, Jamaica;
Dart, Block, Ostend; Earl of Liverpool, Lomax, ditto; Su-
sanna, Mulder, Rotterdam; Ellen, Kemp, New South Wales.
CLEARED OUTWARDS WITH CARGO.
The Childe Harold, Willis, for the Cape of Good Hope;
Clemantus, Wotten, Constantinople ; Britannia, Foz, Ostend;
Elbinia, Kind, Demerara ; Belfast, Norwood, Rotterdam
William Badger, Lambert, Havannah.
CLEARED OUTWARDS IN BALLAST.
The Hershel', Memer, for Emden ; Liebre, Jacobs, Nor-
way ; Entcrprize, Moore, Guernsey; Echo, Sheer, Altona.

FOREIGN OFFICE, Feb. 8.
Office of Marine and Ultramarine Affairs.
" The Queen orders it to be communicated to the Presi
dent of the Tribunal of Commerce that, at the Tower of St.
Laurenco, commonly called the Bugio, situated at the entrance
of the Tagus, in lat. 38. 39. 20. north, and longitude, from
the citadel of Lisbon, 9. 57., a lighthouse, with a revolving
light, eclipsed every three minutes, ha's been established.
(Signed)
"ANTONIO MANOEL LOPES VIERA DE CASTRO.
" Palace of Necessidades, Dec. 15, 1836."

FOREIGN OFFICE, Feb. 9.
" Sir—l am directed by Viscount Palmerston to transmit
to you, for the information of the Committee of Lloyd's, the
copy of a note which has been addressed to Earl Granville, his
Majesty's Ambassador at Paris, by Count Mole, enclosing a
communication from the Maritime Prefect at Brest, notifying
the shipwreck of an English collier off the north-eastern coast
of France.

" lam Sir, your most obedient humble servant,
" J. BACKHOUSE.
" The Secretary of Committee of Lloyd's.
" The note addressed by Count Mole to Earl Granville
contains a letter, of which the following is a copy :
" Brest, Jan. 6, 1837.
" I have the honour to send you an account of the loss of a
small English vessel laden with coal, which sunk on the night
of the 25th or 26th of Dec., near the. Seven Islands, in the
quarter Morlaix.

" The boat belonging to this vessel has come on shore,
bearing the body of a drowned man. The bOat has the inscrip-
tion James Minto and Matilda, Aberdeen.' Only one of the
crew has been saved, who has recognized the dead bodies of the
captain and four sailors, which have been interred under the
care of the authorities at Lannion.
(Signed) " J. GRINEL, Maritime Prefect.
" To the Minister of Marine and Colonies.' "

Between one and two o'clock yesterday afternoon
the neighbourhood of Turnham Green was much excited by
the following occurrence :—An elegantly attired female, about
32 years of age, named Sharp, residing in Furzdown•place,
Chiswick, who was accompanied by two younger ladies, her
nieces, was walking along the high road, in the direction of
town, with an attendant, she suddenly sprang from them, and,
throwing off her cloak,, and bonnet on to the common, she
rushed into the pond near the five mile stone, at the western
extremity of the Green, and instantly sank. The screams of
"murder" uttered by the nieces and the attendant attracting
the attention of Stillwell, the Turnham Green constable, he
immediately ran to the spot, and at the hazard of his own life
succeeded in rescuing the unfortunate lady from a watery
grave. She wes instantly conveyed to her residence, and
medical assistance procured, when in short time she reco-
vered. Miss Sharp, who is a fine woman, has, we under-
stand, been in a low, desponding way, for the last three or
four weeks, owing to a disappointment in love, but none of
her friends supposed she would have made so rash an attempt
on her life.

TIIE.STATUE IN HONOUR OF TIIE DUKE OF
WELLINGTON.—On Thursday a meeting of Noblemen and
Gentlenien took place at the Mansion-house. Alderman
Wood proposed that the statue of the Duke should be placed
opposite to the Mansion-house, a situation the most public that
could be found in the city of London, and within short dis-
tances of fhe Royal Exchange, the Bank, and other public in-
stitutions. He had always been opposed in political opinions
to the Duke of \Veiling/on, but nobody could more fairly ap-
preciate than he did the vast advantages produced to the city
of London byfbe exertions of his Grace. Mr. Richard. La-
mbert Jones seconded the motion. 'Nobody knew better_ than
he did, the great zeal with which his Grace lent his powerful
aid when, the Marquis of Londonderry, Loud Durham, and
other powerful men did all they could to counteract the'efforts
of the citizens. The Duke found the city unable•, from the
narrow state of its funds, to open a passage to the noble sttuc.
ture they had raised, and persevered in his exertions until the
most magnificent approaches upon all sides were accomplished.
—(Loud cheers.) The motion was unanimously agreed to.

'BREVET.
Lieut.-Col. W. Wylde, of the Royal lie giment of Artillery, to
have the local rank of Colonel, v bile emoToyed on a Special service
in Spain ; Major J. N. Colquhoun, of the Royal Regiment of Ar-
tillery, to have the local rank of Lieutenant-Colonel, while cm.
ployed on a special service in Spain, Feb. 10.
STAFF.
Lieut. J. White, from the 56th Regiment of Foot, to be Adjutant
of a Recruiting District, vice Ross. promoted, Feb. 10.
ROYAL MILITARY COLLEGE.
Major-General Sir G. Scovell, K. C. It. to be Governor, Vico
General the Hon. Sir E. Paget, 0. C. 8., appointed to Chelsea
Hospital ; Colonel T. W. Taylor, upon half-pay of the late Riding
Establishment, to be Lieut. -Governor, vice' Sir G. Scovell, Feb. 3.

Comitnsion by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Glamorgan.
The Right Hon. E. It. W. Quin, commonly called Lord Adair,
to be Doputy Lieutenant, October 1, 18.36.

WHITEHALL, Fr B. 7.
_ .
The Lord Chancellor has appointed Henry Hayman, of the city
of Bath, Gent., to be a Master Extraordinary in the high Court of
Chancery. - •
The Lord Chancellor has also appointed. John Francis, of Credi-
ton, in the county of Devon, Gent., to be a Master Extraordinary
in the High Court of Chancery. .

WHITEHALL, FEB. 8. •
The Lord Chancellor has appointed Joseph. Howell Blood, of
of Witham, in the County of Essex, Gent., to be Master EXtrior-
dinary in the high Court of Chancery. •

BANK OF ENGLAND.
Quarterly Average of the Weekly Liabilities and Assets of the
Bank of Fugland, from the loth November, 183 ti, to the 7th
February, 1837, inclusive, published pursuant to the Act 3 and 4
Will. 4, cap. 98.
LIABILITIES.
ASSETS.
Circulation £17,869,000 Securities £31,035,(C0
Deposits 14,320,000 Bullion 4 03-' 000

E£32,008,000
Downing-street, 12(b. 10, 183

£35,117,(X 0

DECLARATIONS OF INSOLVENCY.
M.ATTH IA S FOWLER, wine-merchant, Lymington.
THOMAS FORDHAM, poulterer, Leadenhall-market.
GEORGE. POCOCK, chemist, Booth-street, Spitalfields.
JAMES ROSTRON, merchant, Efienfield, Lancashire.
BANKRUPTCY ENLARGED.
JOHN WILSON WILLIAMS, timber-merchant, Liverpool
Feb. 2-2, a one, at the Clarendon Rooms, Liverpool. ,

BANKRUPTS.
• HENRY WOODTHORP, grocer, Avely, Essex, Feb. 20, at
two, and March 24, at eleven, at the Court of Bankruptcy. Clark,
official assignee, Saint Swithin's-lane ; Sandell, Bread-street,
THOMAS CHANDLER, warehousentan, Cheapside, Feb. 17,
at eleven, and March 24, at eleven, at the Court of Bankruptcy.
Tnrquatid, official assignee, Copthall-buildings; Bower and Willis,
Token-linuse-yard.
NATHANIEL BINGHAM, surgeon, Old Bond-street, Feb.
17, at one, at the Court of Bardtruptey. Green, Aldermanbut•y,
official assignee ; 'Gresham and Miller, Castle-street, Holborn.
JOSEPH WEST, grocer, High-street, Shoreditch, Feb. 17, at
two, and March 24, at twelve, at the Court of Bankruptcy. Gib-
son, Ilasinghall-street, Official assignee ; Oliverson, Denby, and
Lavie, Frederick's-place, Old Jewry.
JOHN BARNETT; wharfinger' Stourport, Worcester, Feb.
20. and March 24, at one, at the Black Horse Inn, Worcester.
Ikliehacl, Red Lion-square, London ; Hyde, Worcester; Bird and
Saunders, Kiddcrininster.
JAMES BROOKSBANK HIGGS and THOMAS GAY
RA NSFORD, bat-manufacturers, Manchester, March 4 and 24,
at ten, at the Commi•-sioners' Rooms, Manchester. Johnson, Son,
and Weatherall, Temple, London ; Seddon and Mawson, Man-
chester.

CALEB RADCLIFFE BURY, drysalter, Hulme, Manchester,
March 4 and 24, at eleven, at the Cnmmissioners' Rooms, Man-
chester. Johnson, Son, and Weatherall, Temple, London; Seddon
and Mswson, Manchester.
JOSEPH LANCASHIRE, currier, Wirksworth, Derby, Feb.
28 and March 24, ateleyen, at the George and Commercial Inn,
Wirksworth. Adlington, Gregory, Faulkner, and Follett., Bedford-
row, London ; Hubberstv, Wirksworth.
JOHN ROBERT GREER, provision-merchant, Bristol, Feb.
20 and March 24, at two, at the Commercial Rooms, Corn-street,
Bristol, Makinson and Sanders, Middle Temple, London ; Ha-
berfield, Nicholas-street, Bristol.

WILLIAM BODMIN, tallow- -chandler, Bristol, Feb. 24 and
March 24, at one, at the Commercial Rooms, Corn-street, Bristol.
Mak-inson and Sanders, •Middle Temple, London; Haberfield,
Bristol.

DIVIDENDS.
At the Court of Bankruptcy, Basinghall-street.
W. Field, carpenter, Brighton, March 7, at half-past twelve--
0. J. G. Hawkins, boarding house keerer, Upper Belgrave-street,
March 10, at eleven—T. Carter, cloth factor. Cateaton-street,
March 3, at twelve--J. Pane, miller, Newport, Isle of Wight,
March 3, at twelve.

In the Country.
J. Lee, carpet manufacturer, Leeds, March 8, at eleven, at the
Court House, Leeds—J. Whitehouse, jun., coal dealer, Leaming-
ton, Warwickshire, March 4, at eleven, at the Crown Inn, Lea-
mington--W. Thompson and Co., manufacturers, Aston, Warwick-
shire, March 7, at two, at Iladenhurst's Royal Hotel, Birmingham
—J. Beeston, mercer, Drayton-in-Hales, Shropshire, March 2, at
twelve, at the Phcenix Inn, Drayton-in-Hales, Shropshire--R.
Meaden, 'Manchester, March 25, at eleven, at the Commissioners'
Rooms, Alanchester—R. 'Winterbottom, woollen manufauturer,
Saddleworth, Yorkshire, March 11, at twelve, at the Commis-
sioners' Rooms, Manchester—J. H. Walduck, wine merchant,
Birmingham, March 3, at eleven, at Dee's Royal Hotel, Birming-
ham—J. Wakeford and Co., bankers, Andover, Southampton,
March 9, at twelve, at the Star Inn, Andover—J. Frankland,
broker, Liverpool, March 4, at two, at the Clarendon Rooms, Li-
verpool—T. Daniell, copper smelter, Treli,sick, Cornwall, April 4,
at eleven, at Pearce's Hotel, Truro—J. Everard, farmer, Naseby,
Northarnitonshire, March 3, at twelve, at the George Hotel,
Northampton. •

CERTIFICATES.—MARCH 3.
A. Berry, poulterer, King-street, Portman-square—R. Smith,
woollen draper, Regent-street—H. Cooper, flour factor, London-
street; Ratchtf—J. James, grocer, Clifton, Bristol—J. G. Lynch,
coal merchant, Macclesfield Wharf, New North-road, Hoxton—
G. Petitt, carpenter, Itotherhithe—N. and J. Gerard, cotton spin-
ners, Manchester—J. Hill, hackneyman, Mciitague-mews, Mon-
tague-square—J. and T. Burrow, grocers, Stanley, Stoke-upon-
Trent—M. Fowler, cattle dealer, Bushey, Herts.—R. Witherby,
merchant, Nicholas-lane.
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
J. Jeans and J. Cole, hatters, Bridge-street, Westminster—AL
Wilson and Co., stuff manufacturers, Darlington—.E. Wooßright
and J. Blackwell, Brighton—J. Crabb and Co., schoolmasters,
Spring-hill, Hampshire—J. Cunnington. and D. Walford, attorneys,
Braintree, Essex—J. and J. Jowett, worsted stuff manufacturers,
Thornton, Yorkshire—B. Bennett and J. 'Warburton, warehouse-
tned, Clement's-court, Milk-street, City—J. and G. Gradwell,
corn merchants, Preston—M. and F. R. Fisher, builders, NEW
Sarum—W. Fairhurst aad Co., carriers by water, Liverpoot—C.
Irving and J. Chamberlin, drapers, Ludgate-street—E. Southworth
and J. Fletcher, Leyland, Lancashire—S. Bevington and Co., lea-
ther sellers, Bermondsey (so far as regards T. Bevington)—E.
Kirkby and Co., commission agents, Manchester—E. Turner and
J. P. Magor, bankers, Truro—J. Taite, seal., and J. Taite, jun.,
drapers, Oxford-street--J. B. Blackalier and W. Short, sailrnakers,
Liverpool—J. Ansel] and J. Crowe, carpenters, Mount-street, Gros-
venor-striare--W. Scott and J. F. Marsh, working jewellers,
Percival-street, Northampton-square—J. Robinson and J. Leavy,
salesmen, Lancaster—T. Turner and Co., merchants, Sheffield.

PRICE OF SUGAR.
The Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar. computed from
the Returns made in the week ending the 7th! 'ay ol Fe ruary. 1b37, i
oil per nondre4 Weight, exclusive of the Duties of Customs
NW or payable thereon on the Importation thereof into Great Britain,

Mr. 13. Hall, M.P. for Monmouth, who retires
from ark further contest for that borough, in consequence of
the great expense, has been invited to stand for Herefordshire.
It appears from official returns published in a Rus-
sian Ministerial journal, that the European Population of the
ltussian empire amounts to 45,550,000 souls.

NEW WORK BY THE AUTHOR OP " TREMA INEZ'
—We haie. already alluded to the publication of a 'jaw
work, entitled " Human Life," from the pen of this ,lisCu-
guished writer. It consists principally, we undersUind, of
a story called " Fielding ; or, Society." Of all the names
that
,ever figured in our literary annals, that of Fielding is
the mcst remarkable, as connected with the popular illustra-
tinn of the-" Society" of his Own age. ; and if there is any
'writer now living, who• is more qualified than any other to
do the same admirable office for the " Society" of his'Arsy.
that writer is unquestionably the author of " Tremaine11
and
" De Vete."

WAR-OFFICE, FEB. 10.
Ist Regiment of Life Guards—Sub. Lieutenant G. Rushout to
be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Caulfield, who retires ; Sir C, W.
Kent, Bart., to be Cornet and Sub-Lieutenant, by purchase,' vice
Rushout, Feb. 10.
' 11th Regiment of Light Dragoons—Cornet J. 0. Burridge to be
Lieutenant, without purchase, vice Arnold, deceased, Sept. 1, 1835.
Bth Regiment of Foot.—Ensign E. Denny, from the half-pay
of the 83d Regiment of Foot, to be Ensign, vice Aldrich, ap-
pointed Quartermaster; Ensign J. Aldrich to be Quartermaster,
vice S. Brodribb, who retires upon half-pay, Feb. 10, 1837.
17th Foot--Lieut. J. Erskine to be Captain, by.purchase, vice
Aide), who retires ; Ensign C. T. Powell, to be Lieutenant, by
purchase, vice Erskine; E. J. Ellerman, Gent. to be Ensign, by
purchase, vice Powell, Eeb. 10.
19th Foot--Captain T. Hamilton to be Major, without purchase,
vice HughCs, deceased ; Lieut. A. Scott,
.to be Captain, vice Ha.
milt-m; Ensign A. Walsh, to be Lieutenant, vice Scott ; Ensign E. J. Ellerman,. from the 17th Regiment of Foot, to be Ensign,
vice Walsh, Feb. 11.
39th Foot—A. Hackett, -Gent., to be Ensign, by purchase,
vice Newcome, whose appointment has not taken place. Feb. 10.
46th Foot—Ensign J. E. Carrol to be Lieutenant, by purchase,
vice Godwin; who retires; J. F. Brome, Gent, to be Ensign, I y
purchase, vice Carrol, Feb. 10.
47th Foot— Lieut. J. W. Crowdy, from the 89th Regiment o'
Foot, to be Lieutenant, vice Macdonald, who exchanges, Feb. 10.
56th Foot—Lieut. G. E. Maltby, from the half-pay of the 20t
Regiment of Foot, to be Lieutenant, vice White, appointed Adju-
tant of a Recruiting District, Feb. 10.
59th Foot—Lieut. F. Baring, from the half-pay of the 60th
Regiment of Pont, to be Lieutenant, vice Edward Glover, who ex-
changes, Feb 10.
80th Foot--Quartermaster-Servant F. Hayes to be Quarter-
master, vice William Campbell, who retires upon half-pay, Feb. 10.
84th Foot—F. W. Tones, M.D., to be Assistant Surgeon, vice
Black, deceased, Feb. 10.
89th Foot--Lieutenant J. J. D. H. Macdonald, from the 47th rtegiment of Foot, to be Lieutenant, vice Crowdy, who exchanges,
Feb. 10.
97th Foot—Ensign R. Colvin to be Lieutenant, by purchase,
vice Nagel, who retires ; G. M. Gowan, gent., to be Ensign, by
purchase, vice Colvill, Feb. 10.
98th Foot—Major J. Allen, from the half-pay Unattached, to be
Major, vice J. Browne, who exchanges, receiving the difference,
Feb. 10.

~ ,

-
PRICES OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Rank Stock.
3 per Cent. Ited. 9ot{ !,4 I>itt.o Bowie
3 per Cent. Cool 'PH 54 , South Sea Stock —
3% per Cent_........
Ditto Red....... ... '1,,;14 "New Ditto —
New A', Ptr Cet t .
New Spec Cent... .......... ..... E \ch. Billa, 2:l,tiott '2l; 21:1 pm.
sank Lona Annuitle.or,coirP 'Dian if)o :-.6 -.S pm.
Jan. 5, IvP 13 1-16 It 1.;-16 Ditto Smut ..
Oct. In. 1C.1) ..14 13-16 Ditto Commercial — --, pm.
.1111. 3, 1' 60......
Jan. 5, 19' -- Rank Stock for Account,.„....,
an.ll 5, 1851' - ; India Stock for Account
•••..
J 5, IBr - consolt, for Acconnt e93,
Omnitim — pin. 1
—___ - -- -- --

- - -------
PRICI•N 01, FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Austrian 80nd5.................. -I Peruvian Bonds .„,
Belgian Bonds.-- ........ ..... 1004 : Ditto Accmint —
Ditto Account... — PGrtuguese Bond=
Brazilian Bonds ... -,-. Dian ACCOIII,t —
Ditto Account
Buenos Ayres Bonds - Ditto Account —
Ditto Account — , Ditto, 2 per cent. —
Chillian Bonds ..... .....
Ditto Account ........ ..... . Russian Bonds, Ite.l
Coiumbian Bonds ................ —; Ditto Account .........
111tto Acociur.t ... ..... .......... —! Ditto Metallic ... ........
Columbian Ronde, Nell 26 Spanish Bonds ...... ....... —
Ditto Account 25,47' S Ditto Account —
Danish Bonds...
Ditto Account ....... ......
Greek Bonds ............... ..... ... French, 5 per cent —l. —c.
Ditto Bonds, 1145 1 ------ i per rent. —l. —c.
Ditto Account - 7 per cent. —f —c
Mexican Bonds, 5 per cent —' -- Exaange —1 —,.
Ditto Account
Ditto. 6 per cent........... ---- Ditto Account ..
Ditto Account ..... ..... .... 27.,1i Ditto. 5 rcr 'ant
Necoolitan..... - Ditto Account

t-OUIISE OF EACII
Amsterdam C.F. 12 5
Ditto. at sight
Rotterdam .2 U. 12 5},,
Antwerp...
kizamburg. ....... ........ NUB IS 12
Altona
Pafil. 3 days' sight 25 50
Ditto . ') Us 25 SO
Alsrseilles. ..... ....... ......
Frankfort On "fhill*, Ex. M 1!;3
Petersningh. ruble 3 Us. 10 0
Berlin
Vienna, affective ii...... 2 M lO 15
Trieste ditto lO 17
Madrid .......... ...............
C5diz.......—........
Bilboa
Barcelona 16
Serrille l6
Gibraltar 4B

IC3 il4

ANGE YES'FLRDAI.
Leghorn 4
Genoa
`..-.6 0
Milan 11
Venice ............. .................... 4;
Naples 4O
Palermo per 02. V-21
Lisbon .„,...... ................. ...... 5334
Oporto 5114
Rio Janeiro Ti
Bahia 26
Buenos Ayres
Dublin, 21 days' sight !Y.
Cork I y 6,

PRICE OF BULLION, PER (IZ.
Portugal Gold, coin L 0 0 0
Foreign Gold, in bars 3 17 9
New Doubloons 0 0 0
New Dollars
Silver, bars, standard 0 5 t

MAILS.
Arrived. Due. Arilve4. Due'Ariived. Pite
O America.... ..... . 0 I France 1 0 Liaison 0
O Ftrazi1........... 0 0 Gum). &.lers” 0 0 Malta . 0
0 Buenos Ayres.. 0 1 Hamburg ...... .. 1 0 Islexico ......
u Cartbagena..... 0 II Holland
0 Dublin... ...... 0 0 Jamaica
0 Flanders .. 0 0 Leeward blanch 0 1 Waterford 0

HIGH WATEILNAT LONDON BRIDGE TOMORROW.
Morning...o-58 min es after ti I_ Evening....:26 minutes after 7,

The publication of THR ScN NRWSPAPER commenced this day
at 20 minutes past Three o'clock.

0.11,

r

LONDON,
SATURDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY 11, 1837.

In the House of Lords, the proceedings were yes-
te:day limited to the presentation of several Petitions
for the abolition of Church-rates by Lord BROUGHAM
and other Peers, and to a motion by the Bishop of
EXETER for certain Returns connected with the cor-
respondence of the Board of Education in Ireland.
In the House of Commons, among a mass of Pe-
titions on various subjects, was a singular one pre-
sented by Mr. BLACKBURNE from the new Corpora-
tion of Ludlow. The Petition complained of the
removal and pledging of the town-books, deeds, &c.
with a Banker to whom they were indebted ; it also
charged Mr. LECIIMERE CHARLTON, who was a
member of the old Corporation, with being a party to
the obnoxious proceedings which formed the subject
of the Petitioners' complaint.
In answer to a question from Mr. WALLACE, the
LORD ADVOCATE said that the Report of the Scotch
Law Commission would soon be ready.
Lord MORPETH, in answer to an inquiry, stated
that he could not say whether the Registration of Vo-
ters Bill (Ireland) would or would not be brought for-
ward again.
Mr. C. WOOD obtained leave to bring in a Bill for
transferring the Packet establishment from the Post-
office to the Admiralty.
The second reading of the Scotch Leasing Bill was
postponed. The Court of Session (Scotland) Bill,
the Small Debts (Scotland) Bill, and the Recorders'
Courts Bill, were severally read a second time.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL, in reply to Lord STANLEY,
said, that an inquiry into the system of national edu-
cation in Ireland might, perhaps, advantageously pro-
ceed in union with the Poor Law question. The
same Noble Lord, in reply to the Hon. Member for
Berkshire, said that he thought it would be better to
let Mr. WALTER'S motion on the subject of the Poor
Laws Amendment Act stand for the 20th.

Mr. HUME, after some interesting discussion, which
will be found in our Parliamentary Report, obtained
leave to bring in a Bill for placing the finances of
counties under a County Board, elected by the Rate-
payers. The same Hon. Member also obtained leave
to bring in a Bill for regulating Expenses at Elections.

Mr. WALLACE moved for various returns, con-
nected with the General Post-office department.

The Grand Jury (Ireland) Bill went into Com-

mittee.

Mr. BULLER. obtained leave to bring in a Bill, on
the subject of trying controverted elections.

The expectations of those who believed that one of
the great questions in which the Lords and Commons
are at issue would have been amicably settled this
Session, have been disappointed. The result of the
late debate on Ireland leaves no doubt that the Tories
and Orangemen, however they may differ on some
points, have cordially united on one, and come to the
fixed resolution of refusing all redress to the wrongs of
seven millions of their fellow-subjects. The insult
offered to them last Session in the House of Lords has
been deliberately affirmed by the leaders of the party
in the Commons. The Irish people now know that
they are henceforth to be regarded, not by Lord
LYNDIIURST only, but by a majority of the House of
Lords, and a large minority of the Commons, as aliens
in religion and language, and to be denied those rights
and privileges which are considered the birth-right of
British subjects. But they have no reason to despair ;
on the contrary, the stand could not be made on more
advantageous ground, or on a point on which they are
more likely to meet with the sympathy and support of
the British nation. If 324 members of a House of
Commons, elected under the auspices of Sir ROBERT
PEEL, making a majority of 86, pronounced them
entitled to redress last year, what has occurred in the
mean time to diminish their hopes of success ?
Nothing. Every circumstance, in fact, has been in
their favour. The leader of the Tories now has doubts
of the expediency of the measure ; the more violent
partisans are furious because any concessions have
been made, and have the will, if they have not the
power, to withdraw what has already been granted ;
but the people of England are firm in the cause, and
the people of Ireland, with a unanimity which does
them infinite honour, have formed themselves into a
union, which every day more and more convinces them
of their own power, and which will encourage them to
persevere till every wrong is redressed. While this
Association exists, what chance have the Tories of
resisting their demands ? And by what possibility
can it be put down by force ? If Sir RoBERT PEEL
were to come into office to-morrow, and trusting to
the " demonstrations" which have been made, and to
the shouts of his party, dissolve Parliament, could he
have the most distant prospect of getting any House
of Commons to pass a Coercion Bill ? Could he in-
duce this nation to make war on the Irish people,
because Catholics and Protestants unite in demanding
-,,This is the only alternative ; but it
',tett. The Association will re-
liestion is settled, and Muni-
and the only effect of pro-
be to heighten the demands of

the Irish people, and ensure for them more exten-
sive reforms than they at first contemplated.

If any degree of credit may be attached to the state-
ments daily appearing in the French, Helvetian, and
German journals, our continental neighbours are pre-
paring for the spectacle of a war between England and
Russia, which shall only terminate in the extension or
extermination of liberal principles throughout Europe.
According to these authorities, there is manifestly no
question of international law to Le previously dis-
cussed—no room for inquiry on the part of England,
or cavil on that of Russia. The British flag has been
trampled upon—British power has been despised—a
British merchant-ship has been confiscated—and Bri-
tish merchants have been officially declared to have
forfeited their lives for the crimes of smuggling, and a
violation of sanitary regulations ; crimes which the
owners of the Vixen could not possibly commit, inas-
much as England had neither recognized the right of
Russia to establish a contraband on the Circassian
coast, nor to extend a sanitary cordon beyond her re-
gular potts in the Black Sea. They would also in-
sinuate that Lord PALMERSTON delays not to
bring the subject of the violated honour of
Great Britain before Parliament, because he is un-
acquainted with the responses of the legal oracles
of the Crown. The Noble Foreign Secretary, say
they, pauses to ascertain the part which France
proposes to take in a struggle of European interest,
and to sound the several Powers in close alliance and
amity with England, respecting the restoration of Polish
nationality. In furtherance of such vast designs, di-
plomatic notes are said to be daily interchanged between
the Cabinets of London and Paris, the tone of which
bodes no good to the AUTOCRAT. At first the King of
the FRENCH was reluctant to take any part in a
quarrel which was not of his own seeking; but when
Lord PALMERSTON appealed to the evidence of cer-
tain facts and documents, known only to the Ministers
of the Courts of St. James' and the Tuileries, and
threatened to make them public if certain courses were
not adopted, Louts PHILIPPE at once declared for
England against Russia.
These, and countless other rumours to the same
effect, are spreading like wild-fire over the Continent.
As we know no more what steps our Government is
taking, previous to the bringing of the question
of the capture of the Vixen by Russia before
Parliament than does any other of our Contemporaries,
we shall not offer a syllable either in confirmation or
refutation of such reports ; nor would we notice them
them at all, but to apprise our fellow-countrymen of
the universal excitement to which this wanton attack
upon the Majesty of Great Britain has given rise. The
fact has been heard with astonishment in every part of
Europe. It seemed incredible that the Russian Bear
could have had the temerity to rouse the British Lion,
and in some places the statement was disbelieved—
scouted as a gross and clumsy fabrication—before it
was confirmed by the evidence of the London Press.
We may now with all sincerity affirm, that the eyes
not only of Europe, but of America and a great part
of Asia, are upon us. Our honour and the liberties
of mankind are at stake. Upwards of fifteen millions
of Poles implore us to burst their fetters, and to restore
them to the blessings of freedom, and the possession
of their country. Resent we but the indignity offered
our flag as becomes Englishmen, and Poland re-appears
—a mighty and independent Kingdom in the heart of
Europe. On the contrary, if we give way to
Russian aggression in this instance—if we al-
low it to go forth to the world that Russia
dares to trample upon our flag with impunity,
—if from the lofty and commanding eminence
of guardian of the liberties of nations, England, at
the beck of the Barbarian of the North, descends to
the posture of a supplicant for justice—then, in the
name of consistency, let us doff' the habiliments of a
civilized liberty, and unite with the Russian boors in
extending the iron rule of the CzA It from the White
Sea to the Persian Gulf, and from the Baltic to the
Great Southern Ocean. This will mercifully unde-
ceive the Powers that have hitherto confided in the
generous protection of Great Britain. It will convince
the Poles that their fate is fixed—that all that remains
for them is to reconcile themselves to a slavery which
they cannot shake off; and it will open the eyes of the
Sultan MA HMOUD to the dangers of the precipice over
which his mistaken reliance upon the friendship of Eng-
land is hurrying him. Should the honour of England be
tarnished in the affair of the 1 ixen, the triumphs
of Russia in the East will be such as to astonish
even her own statesmen. At the moment at which we
write, her agents are at work in every corner of Eu-
ropean Turkey, inciting the inhabitants to take up
arms against their SOVEREIGN, and offering to supply
them with money and arms sufficient to withstand the
vengeance of the Porte. The train is already laid,
and should she triumph over England her first com-
mand will be to fire it. Wherever insurrection shows
itself she will be present with her forces, to take
forcible possession of the disputed territory. This is
the scheme which she now meditates, to prove which
we need only refer to the following extract from the
Augsburg Gazette, received yesterday :

" The Porte has received within the last few months ac-
counts from different provinces of Turkey in Europe, disclos-
ing the existence of an association similar to that of the
hetairie. This news has excited an apprehension of a rising
of the Christian inhabitants against the Turkish Government
in Thessaly, Albania, Macedonia, Bulgaria, and Itoumelia.
It appears admitted on all sides that this society owes its origin
not only to the arts of persuasion, but that sums of money had
been distributed with the sante vietv in the abovenarned countries.
The authorities have not as yet been able to discover the
fountain head and central point of the Association. Some
say Odessa, others Alexandria, and according to other conjec-
tures the 3lorea was the central point. Whatever may be the
result of these suppositions, a yeneral impression seems ayain
entertained that the dominion of the Turks will sooner or later
cease altogether in Europe. Although the Greeks have been
favoured by new reforms, it is quite evident that they are
anxious to be governed by a Christian Prince, and that they
will , leave nothing untried to arrive at this object. On the
other hand they arc the sole promoters of industry and com-
merce. It is therefore more than probable that they will
finally succeed in monopolizing all the riches, and with them
the entire preponderance, in the country."

The machinations of Russia are here plainly denounced
by the leading organ of opinion in Austria. There is
no mistaking the schemes of the Imperial Cabinet—
no misunderstanding the name of the Christian Prince
whom the Greeks are instructed to demand as their
Sovereign. The project is evidently ripe and nothing
is wanting to crown it with success, but the appearance
of pusillanimity on the part of Great Britain. Our
Government has now a glorious opportunity of immor-
talizing itself. A war is forced upon it, which, if once
declared, must terminate in the downfall of tyranny in
Europe.

The whole of the Paris papers of Thursday have
been received. The floniteur contains the following
telegraphic communications :

" BAYONNE, FEB. 7, 10 o'ClocK.—On the 3d inst. Gene-
ral Ribeiro reached Portugalette with two divisions, the
strength of which was 9,000 men. lie was hourly expected
at St. Sebastian to commence operations on Tolosa and the
Bidassna.

" FEBRUARY 8, 19. o'CLocK AT NOON.—General Rebeiro
arrived at St. Sebastian on the 6th with 6,000 men. lle
was yesterday to have occupied Renteria and Aiza.
" PERPIGNAN, FEB. 7.-200 Carlists who had invaded Lyria
and violated our (the French) territory, were surrounded yes-
terday on the neutral road by six companies of the 26th Re-
giment of Infantry, and 30 Chasseurs a Cheval of the 11th
Regiment, under the command of the chief of battalion Froi-
defont. These insurgents, of whom four were officers, laid
down their arms, and were sent under a strong escort to Mont
Louis."

We may now look forward to the commencement of a
final struggle in the Basques. There are now from
twelve to fifteen thousand good troops at San Sebas-
tian, under the command of Generals RIBEIRO and
EVANS ; twenty-two thousand at Bilboa, under Es.
PARTERO ; and from eight to twelve thousand under

SAARSFIELD, ALAIX and IRRIBARREN, at Pampc-
lima and on the Ebro. With such a force the QUEEN'S
Generals ought to make short work with the half-
starved, ill-disciplined troops that compose the strength
of the Pretender's army. _

M. DUPIN, President of the Chamber of Depu-
ties, has addressed a long and very severe letter to
Marshal CLAUSE', hi answer to an explanation de-
manded by the Marshal of certain words used by the
President in a Lecture delivered before the KING at
the Institute of France. The words—which we copy
from The Sun of Thursday—of which Marshal CLAU-
SEL sought an explanation, were these :—" And we
extend its power (the power of France) even in
that country where Rome, already become venal, had
the misfortune to send CALPURNIUS and to meet Ju-
GURTIIA"---Whiell words Marshal CLAUSEL'S friends
interpreted as a censure upon his Administration. M.
DUPIN, in his answer, defends his use of the cited
expressions, and denounces the policy of France in
seeking to extend her African territory. The subju-
gation of Africa was " a misfortune for Rome," em-
phatically observes the President ; " for from this war
sprung MARI us and SYLLA, both factious leaders,
who by turns deluged their country with blood, and
destroyed its Constitution." This is rather significant.
The President, after connecting the past with the
present, continues—" I do not Isesitate, Sir, to de-
clare to you candidly, that I consider our colonial set-
tlement in that country as an affliction for France.
For seven years this country has devoured our men and
our money. Two hundred millions of francs (eight
millions sterling) have already been sacrificed, with-
out any good result. * * 'I am convinced that we
shall never do any good in Africa. * * I will add,
that the badness of the system adopted, the incoherence
of plans, and the wrongs of which several branches of
the Administration are accused, arc further motives
which cause me to deplore this fatal legacy of the
Restoration, and all the charges with which it bur-
dens us." In reply to this letter, the Marshal writes,
" I did not ask your opinion, Sir, of the ancient or
modern history of Numidia ; but whether, by these
words (re-quoting those of his former letter), you
alluded to me, or the acts of my administration. I
ask an affirmative or negative answer, and I have a
right to expect it from your loyalty." This letter is
dated the Bth inst, so that by Monday we may expect
to receive the President's rejoinder. We are very
confident that Marshal CLAUSEL is sincerely sorry
that he troubled M. DIJPIN on the subject of his
African career. The decided opinions expressed by
the President will make a deep impression on the
public mind of France.
It is reported that the KING has consented to the
withdrawal of the project of law for the disjunction of
the civil and military tribunals. The following are
extracts from the
-journals
PARIS, FEB. 9. Ve have received this morning the fol-
lowing letter from our Correspondent at Toulon:—
" Toulon, Feb. 5.
" It was pompously announced that 13 regiments were des-
tined for the approaching expedition to Constantine, and those
who were acquainted with the new Ministry certainly had rea-
son to be astonished at its having come to a resolution which
was not a half measure. Now it seems that it is not 13 but
only 2 regiments that were to be sent to Africa—the Ist and
48th of the Line. The Government has calculated that there
are now more than 25,000 thousand troops in the province of
Algiers, viz., the 2nd and 17th Light Infantry; the 11th,
25th, 24th, 27th, 62d, and 633 of the Line, 1,800 men
each
3 regiments of Chasseurs of Africa l,BOO
Foreign Legion, 1 battalion
Sharp Shooters of Africa, ditto
Two battalions of Light Infantry of Africa
Engineers and Artillery
Zouayes and Spahis

23,600

" The Government has therefore thought, that by sending
two regiments, amounting to 4,800 men effective, and to rein-
force the regiments in Africa, also 2,400 artillery and engi-
neers, and 1,000 pontoneers and workmen (in all 10,700),
which would make the total farce of the whole army 34,300
men, 15,000 men might be taken for the expedition against
Constantine ; only it has been forgotten that there are 3,000
sick, convalescent, or absent on furlough, and that the new
troops would leave 1,000 men in the hospitals before they
would be inured to the climate, which would reduce the effec-
tive force to 3,000 men.

" Constantine may be taken with 15,000 men ; but how are
the Arabs of the other provinces to be kept in check, if only
15,000 men are left to guard Algiers, Bona, Bougia, Oran,
and the Camps ? There are not even enough for the garrisons.
It is to be hoped that the Chambers will force the Ministry to
modify its plans."
Marshal Soult has returned to Paris, and the reports of his
return to the Ministry is again spread. A journal says that
the entrance of the Marshal into the Administration will be
officially announced to-morrow (the 9th). We are far from
denying the wish of the Doctrinaires to attach Marshal
Soult to their party ; but we believe we are not mistaken in
saying that nothing has yet been done to this effect.
There is nothing in the Moniteur of this morning the 9th
Feb.—Journal chi Commerce, Feb. 9.

FRENCH FUNDS.—Psais, FEB. 9.
Five per Cents., 109 f. r2oc. 25c. 15c. 10c.
Four per Cents., 101 f.
Three per Cents. 791. 40c. 35c. 40c. 35c.
Bank Actions, 2,400 f.
Rente de Naples, 9Sf. 30e. 40c.
Roman Five per Cents. 1024 54.
Spanish Actives, 26 25% 26%
Spanish Differes, 11 11%,%.
Spanish Passives, 7% 7 7(.
Belgian Loan. Five per Cents.. 103.
Portuguese Three per Cents. 31!gi4,
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, 2.51. 30c. •, money, 9.5 f. 271..2c.
Three months, paper, 25f. 10c.; money, 2.11
—Court Aulhenti2ue.

LAST PRICES
Five per Cents., 109 f.
Three per Cents. :9f. 0 c.
Bank Actions, 2,100 f.
Bente tie Naples, 031.
Roman Five per Cents , 102►,4.
Belgian Loan, 103.
Belgian Society,
Portuguese Three per Cents., 3114.
Spanish Actives, 2n14,
Spanish l'assives,
Spaiii.h llitleres, B.
New Mares, II lA.
Miguelites, I 1 X,.

Advices from Madrid of the Ist instant, have been
received. In the sitting of the 31st ult. Senor LOPEZ,
Minister of the Interior, entered into a long defence of
the Government's conduct in the case of General
NA RVA EZ. The arguments of the Home Minister
were rather conclusive, and so satisfied was the
Chamber of their correctness, that it dismissed the
General's memorial without examination.
It was rumoured in Madrid on the Ist instant, that
the Carlist chief, CABRERA had died of his wounds.
He had been for several weeks carried about in a
litter, from which he was unable to rise without as-
sistance. The capital was tranquil.

their it
ititrh is is
. 41 Mph
. l. ,
" (It
I:tiyie,.4rigiyil
%Itfilallce wjil b
5..,..._ d-,V•--- -/z,.,
- /
L, ,
1.7 el S
