Sion. Ile provoked; he demanded, he Assisted 4r:-
.
quiry and'judgment. You Will not forget; sir, that
ypu were not requested to forbear, bUt urged., and
even dared to proceed. You were warned of the
INFAMY yOu were about to draw upon your head, if
you failed iii the proof of thos charges Yon Were,
preferring, although no man then_ knew you bad
either bought or .Suborned, the teStiMony yoU are
now indiaing for perjury. Will you deny, Sir,
that INFAMY has lighted somewhere? and will your
friends pretend any longer to resent or scorn the
threat of Mr. SeCretary CANNING ? Yes, Sir, it
has lighted somewhere. It kas fallen upon that vain
bead and guilty bosom, which procured and pur=-
chased evidence--which violated by force the sanc-
tity of confidential intercourse and private corres-
pondence—which sacrificed domestic peace and
purity and fortune, to gratify disappointed ambition
and revenge, which have been declared by a Jury
to have attempted to withhold the promised bribe,
and bilk the miserable prostitute whose bad pas-
sions they'had solitited and inflamed ! Or will your
friends contest any longer with Mr. YORKE the ex-
istence of a Jacobin-plot, and a conspiracy to vi-
lify and degrade the Beira' Family. ?
Before I proceed any further, it Occurs to me to
request a little information from you or your ad-
herents, as to the 'nature and extent of the projeaed
suspension ; I wish to know whether your proposal
contains any thing of mutual advantage, or if the
reciprocity is to be all on your own side ?. Are all
the organised lies and libels .and inveaives, the
whole art and system of slander and defamation,
which COBBETT, HoGAN, You, and others, have
direaed against your Sovereign's House, to remain
in °their rank vigour and pruriency ; or may we hope,
Sir, from your candour, that you will_ suspend ope-
rations upon your part ? Is it a fair armistice that Co-
lonel' WARDI.g proposes to his Sovereign's Son ?
and am Ito understand that he will lay down his
arms for the autumn—.that he will treat for COBBETT
and the other Powers in the war, and will contain
and repress the whole Jacobin insurrection ?
I am the more induced to require explanation upon
/his head, as I have reason to:believe Mr. COBBETT
in-particular to have become extremely furiousk and
desperate since his real charaaer and history have
been disclosed—since he has confessed that he fled
from a Court' Martial at which he was prosecutor,
and where he was bound by very soletunrand even
horrid oaths, to attend and prove his-. accusation
and this from a dread of being sertt to Botany Bay
the means the gallows), for outrages of which he
had peen guilty in the very regiment against the of-
ficers of which he was preferring those charges.*_
Mr. COBBETT has also affirmed that such Sheriffs' as
refuse to convene their counties to vote boxes to you,
Sir, make use of the AUTHORITY OP THE KING in
opposition to Mr. WARDLE, and lest we should miss
the sense, the true Jacobin sting, of this democra-
tic epigram,' he concludes thus-1' Well ! let them
do it: 'we shall see who will lose by it in the end !"f
Thus, Sir, we are threatened by the, most a&ive
pf, your allies, for putting the authority of the King
in opposition to you ; you are the

ADORATUM POPULO CAPUT !

and those who put the King's authority in competi-
tion with your popularity, are warned of the conse-
quences by no less a Party than COEBETT ! Now,
Sir, I will own to you that the flat and contemptible
nonsense of CORBETT, in attributing this crime to
the Sheriffs, who have exercised their judgment be-
tween the weight of property, &c. &c. which de-
manded or protested againsi these conventions of
their several counties, would have rendered it alto-'
gether unworthy of my notice, if it had not been
very confidently, very authentically communicated
to me, that you are, or have very lately been, ac-
tually treating for a residence in the near neighbour-
hood of Windsor Castle!! lam sure, Sir, you will
not lose a moment (during the present suspension
of opinion) to cot-Art:diet in the most public form a
Repbrt so injurious to you7—whether your desire to'
reside under the walis of the King's palace be consi-
dered as a part of Mr.COBBETT'S system of placing Mr.
WARDLE'S popular weight in a balance with the au-
thority of the legal Head of the nation ; or be sim-
ply a branch of your own plans of espionage and su-
bornation ! ! !

I have the honour to be,
Your very obedient, &c.
BIUTANNICUS.

London, Aug. 5, 1809.

* See Mr. Cobbctes Dcfence.—Political Register, June
17, 1809..
Rcgiter, July t, 1309;

Erratum iii the last Letter.
Line 42, for deprecated read defecated.

The late King of SWEDEN, it is.said, has obtained'
permission to retire with.
his family into Switzer-
land ; but 'surely in venturing into a place depen-
dent upon BOON AP/1104, lie would only be rushing
into the jaws of a lion. After having so resolutely
signalized himself against the Tyrant of France, and
treated him as what he is, a vile Usurper, he has
every thing to fear from the vengeance of such a
mail, and ought to refiett upon the fate of the un-
t,:qtimatd Duke D'llaituri.

THE

• OFFICIAL 'ARTICLE.,
PROM 7'HE MADRIb oAitilE; .ii/Lt 17.

If war be a disorder inseparably attached to the
social state; civilization and more enlightened Views
have disarmed it of its most fatal consequences. It
has, in consequence, assumed a less sanguinary ap-
pearance among the nations who profeSs the Christian
religion=--a religion fraught with charity, lote, and
benevolence. The captive; seized on the field- cif
battle no longer dreads indignities perpetrated'hy
former azi,ti—no longer shrinks with terror at the
prospect 01 chainS and slavery at a distance frorri his
home, still more terrible than death triumphal
car drags him bound to its wheels; no public. Sale
rednces him to a level with the bilue, to serve an
unpitying master, crushed beneath, the weight of
toils and cruelties. Prisoners now experience the
kindness due to misfoitune. -Separated for 1 while
from their families, the well-Uunded hope that
peace will shortly restate them to their habitation
and their friends, allays their grief and'oheers their
captivity.

Ever since the establishment 'of a standing force
in the heart of ,every European State, civilized na-
tions have bound theniSelves' to employ regular
troops alone, 'and not tumultuous crowds of insub-
ordinate peasants, unable to support the attack of a
welt-disciplined-and experienced enemy, in the de-
cision of. their differences: Whatever the causes of
the war may be, in order to diminish its calamities,
it is. agreed that the peaceful inhabitant of the coun-
try shonid be respelled ; that only strong places and
citadels should be defended; and that a fruitless op-
position made in villages and open. towns cab htive
no other aim than to effe& the ruin of their inhabi-
tants by the destru6tion of their goods and property.
In a word, to conquer, and not to destroy, is now
the sole acknowledged end of war.
Until the_ present times,
_this lawful mode of war-
faze had been the only one pradised,by the Spa-
niards, in the bosom of their own Peninsula, as
well as in foreign countries.' Murder had never
stained the reputation of their warriors.—But n 4-;
satisfied with the common evils of war, and ti
dreadful consequences of anarchy, which they alone
have produced, those who have hurried.their coun-
trymen into the present war wish to give-it a charac-
ter of ferocity which appals humanity, and which
scarcely equalled even among savages, covers its
thors with indelible shame.

The abnegation of every humane feeling, and
hatred for their own country, can alone have led
the Junta of Seville to issue the order d.tttd the 4t h
of January of the present year, which dooms every
Spanish village that sha►i nut oppose the passage of
French troops to the flames.

The laws of war, according to all the writers on
that subject, especially the celebrated Marquis de
Santa Cruz, in his Commentaries, authorise an hos-
tile General to raze every village which, although
not fortified nor garrisoned, pretends to resist, or
where any of his soldiers has been murdered. Thus
the death of a single [pan would caUse the destruc-
tion of hundreds, or at least, would legitimate
plunder, and all the excesses which a peaceful con-
duct could, and ought to have prevented. •
This decree, however, is not more pernicious
than that issued by the same Junta, which autho-
rises the formation ‘of companies' of robbers', or land-
pirates. file Spaniards have already experienced
the effeets of such organizations. What man, who
still feels the impulse of honour; will ever debase
himself by such service ? Wretches; the scum of
the population of the country; smugglers, and de-
predators torn or escaped from their prisons, and
even convicts, whom society ,had chained, to secure
its tranquility, so. far from entrusting to their hands
the care of its defence—such are the heroes with
whom these companies are-filled.
It iseVident that such decrees 'spring ffom de-
spair and powerless rage alone. The authors of the
war are conscious that the whole of Spain will finish
.by acknowledging. King Joseph I. for its, laWful
Sovereign. They know, that had the decision de-
pended on the valour of armies, it would have long
since 'been given in his favour. It is in order to
delay that happy moment, that they have recourse
to measures as extraordinary as they are cruel, ,and
which.can only be attended with the extermination
of all thine in whose hands they have , placed the
dagger and the swore. _ _

ROME,- JULY 20.—0 n the 15th of August next,
the festival of St. Napoleon will be celebrated at the
capital by a grand display of fire-works. In the
evening the cupola of St. Peter, and the Vatican,
will be illuminated. On the Ist of January next,
the franc will become the only current small coin
in this free and imperial city. The French and
Italian coins, bearing the image of the Emperor,
shall pass current with the coins of tit old Govern-
ment. The institution of the Sbirri is suppressed.
The Roman States are to be divided into depart-
ments,' cantons, and commons. As soon as the
publication of this new division takes place, the
present denomination of our various provinces shall
be altered. The administration of every department
is to consist of a Prefect, A Secretary-General, a
Council of Prefecture, and a Council-General of
Department. The individuals confined in the pri-
sons can no longer be deprived of all communica-
tion with their friends, unless their subsequent
condo& , render such additional severity indispensa-
ble. Every person who may be arrested shall im-
mediately be transferred to prison, and the motives
for his arrest must be written and explained on the
gaoler's book.
FRANKFORT, JULY 24.—Letters from Turkey
state, that a bloody battle has taken place between
the Russians and the Turks, between Sophia and
Adrianople. It is added, that the victory has
been long and ,desperately disputed, but that
the Russians have remained masters of a field of
battle clearly purchased. Such are the contents of
those letters. But news from that quarter, which
travel so fast, are always uncertain or contradiCtory ;
and we can get no positive and authentic informa-
tion of any event but a long while alter it has hap-
pened.r---li'ishermen have found in the Danube,
about six miles from Scullin, the corpses of a great
number of soldie rs.

FRIBOURG, JULY 18.—By a circular letter, dated
July 10, the Landatnnian of Switzerland, cotnwu •
nicates to the Governtnents of the various G,lntons
the Decree unanimously passed o❑ the sth instant,
by the Diet, .resFeding the present situation of
Switzerland and its armed neutraiiiy, Tie Lan.
