tranquillized Ireland, and thereby enabled Ministers to reduce
the immense standing army which they were at present obliged
to maintain in Ireland.—(Great cheering.) He felt himself
called upon to support the present resolution, and he trusted
that all those who wished to give their support to his Ma-
jesty's present honest Administration, would do so.—(Cheers.)
file resolution was then put from the Chair, and Mr. She-
riff Lainson declared the resolution to be carried in the affir-
mative, only three hands having been held up against it.
Mr. HUME then appeared, and was loudly cheered. He
hoped the meeting would allow him then to address them, as
he was anxious to go down to that place where their voices
had sent him to represent them. He was delighted with the
spirit they had displayed in the unanimous support they had
given to the resolution, and for the demonstration they had
given of their determination that Ireland should share in Mu-
nicipal blessings which had already been given to Scotland and
England.—(Cheers.) He, seeing their unanimity, was anxi-
ous to tell them that the Reformers in the House of Com-

mons had only one bond of union amongst them—that was
justice to Ireland—(Cheeri)—to the most persecuted
country in the world.—(Cheers.) It would be selfiTh in them
if they were now, after having received the unflinching sup-
port of the Irish Members in their struggle for reform in their
own Corporations, to desert Ireland. It would be cowardly,

which was not a characteristic of Englishmen. When the
Tories assumed the reigns of power eighteen mouths ago—the
bond of union from the milk and water Whig down to the
downright Radical—( Laughter)—all gave up their own indi-
vidual opinions in order to secure for Ireland the same measure
of justice as the rest of the country obtained. It was on that
principle they joined and turned out the Tories by a majority
of ten—that majority consisted of Irish Members.—(Cheers.)
When the Union with Ireland was formed, she was promised
her full share of justice and the benefit of equal laws. Ireland
had never yet received any of the rights and immunities then
promised her—she had been governed as a province.—
( Cheers.) Instead of agreeing with Mr. O'Connell in his mo-
tion for a Repeal of the Union—the House of Commons agreed
unanimously to a resolution by which justice was promised to
Ireland—a participation in the advantages of British rule—
that resolution was communicated to the House of Lords at
what was called a free conference—where not one word was
said. It was a sort of Irish conference—it was a farce. How-
ever, the House of Lords also agreed in that resolution, but
were they honest when they now refused in the very teeth of
that resolution, to give Ireland a fair share of Municipal Re-
form. They were of high rank, but again, he would ask, was
such conduct honest ?—( Loud cheers.) Within the last
twenty years he had seen such vast changes, that he
called upon all to hope for still better ones. They were sure,
by perseverance, to produce vast changes for the better yet.
Let them support the Commons and the Government, and the
Lords must give way. —( Loud cheers.) They hoped to drive
the people to revolution, but they had more sense—they knew
that, by union among themselves, they could obtain all they
wanted in a peaceable manner.—( Cheers.) The day would
come when the Peers would be made responsible. Was it to
be endured that the Commons were to be responsible to the people
—that the King was to be responsible through his Ministers—
b It that the Lords were to be allowed to throw their shield
of irresponsibility between the people and all Reform.—
( Cheers.) He pledged himself, as a Member of the county,
to do all in his power for the purpose of obtaining justice for
Ireland, and securing her a good Government.—(Cheering.)
He most cordially supported the Resolution ; and he had no
doubt that the good sense of the freeholders of Middlesex
would lead them to adopt it.—( Hear.) So much with respect
to the Irish Municipal Reform Bill. He would now say one
word with respect to the latter part of the proceedings re-
specting the coal'trade. Since a meeting had taken place in
Westminster upon the subject, he had obtained in the House
of Commons a Committee to enquire into that important sub-
ject. That Committee would meet to-morrow, and he hoped
that it would be the means of laying the whole subject before
the public. He trusted the meeting would excuse him for
running elsewhere, but he could only say his most anxious
wish was to carry into effect every thing that would tend to
the good of the country.—(Great cheering, amidst which the
Hou. Member retired.)
Mr. BARKLEY said that he had heard with very great de-
light and satisfaction the animated speech of his Gallant
Friend, the philosophical speech of the Learned Gentlemen,
and also the speech of their worthy, long-tried, and consis-
tent Representative. Coming after them there was but little
for him to do in the way of speech-making. Nothing was so
disagreeable to a meeting as a speaker playing round a
truism, which was the effect of the resolution he
was about to propose.—( Cheers.) He would now offer a few
observations to certain high individuals, and he would tell
them that if they attempted to prevent justice being done to
Ireland, from that moment—from the moment they assumed
the reins of power—they would throughout England have
made some thousands of republicans.—( Great cheering.)
That was plain language, but he did not shrink from using it.
—( Cheers.) He did not, however, think the Lords would
risk everything by throwing the country in a state of convul-
sion. He would take the liberty of sending another
message ; it was this that all the Members of the House of
Commons, who had achieved seats in Parliament by representing
themselves to be in favour of the cause of the people, to be
cautious how they acted with respect to this question. Ho
thought many present would know what he meant. If they
did not, they had better go to the Borough and inquire.—
( Cries of Harvey, Harvey.) The Hon. Gentleman concluded
by proposing the resolution, the effect of which was,- that the
meeting viewed with disgust the proceedina,...s of the House of
Lords, with respect to the Irish Reform Bill.
Mr. HARDY seconded the resolution. Nothing was more
monstrous than to attempt to deprive Ireland of the justice
which had been rendered England. Was Lord Lyndhurst to
be the man who was to say to six millions of the Irish people that
they should he deprived of their birth-right ?—( Cheers.) His
Majesty's Ministers looked for support to the people, and, by
the blessing; of God, they should have it. —( Cheers.)
The resolution was then put, and declared to be carried una-
nimously.
Mr. WEYMOUTH said that amongst all the measures of Re-
form that had been carried, not one brought more home to the
feelings of the people of England every thing that was good
and pleasant than the Reform of the Municipal Cor-
porations. But how was it carried? By the unanimous,
strong, and uncompromising efforts of the people, and the
efforts of an honest Administration.—( Loud cheering.)
They had done their duty in supporting the resolution that
had been proposed, but the object of the resolution which
he had to propose was to call upon the Ministers of the
country to do their duty. The Hon. Gentleman, after a few
other observations, concluded by moving a resolution calling
upon Ministers to fulfil their hopes, by granting all well. con-
sidered measures of reform.—( Loud cheers.)
Dr. CARPUS said he rose to second the resolution. He had
been called a Radical—he was a radical reformer. He wanted
to reform every evil and to make the people happy, from the
King to the lowest of his subjects.—[ Here Mr. O'Connell
entered, and was received with tremendous cheering.] He
would not longer detain them, but with this single observa-
tion, that unless Ireland was free, England could never be
happy.—( Loud cheers.)
The Resolution was then put and carried unanimously.
Mr. YATES moved the next Resolution, to the effect that a
petition be presented to the House of Commons, praying that
House to reject the alterations made by the Lords in the Irish
Municipal Reform Bill, and requesting the Members for the
county to support the same in Parliament.—( Loud cheers.)
Mr. YOUNG seconded the resolution in an able speech, and
it was then put, and carried unanimously.
Mr. O'CONNELL then came forward, and was received
with reiterated applause. When the cheering had
subsided the Honourable and Learned Gentleman pro-
ceeded to address the meeting. He came to them simple
as he was—( A laugh)—to boast of the wisdom of the House
of Lords.—(Great laughter.) They would not pass the Irish
Corporation Reform Bill, because they were afraid of creat-
ing agitation—( Renewed laughter)—and accordingly this was
the second meeting of Englishmen that had been agitating
within the last hour.—(Tremendous cheers.) He had come
from the great meeting at Finsbury—he had met that day
another congregation of Englishmen—he had told them that
he was Counsel for Ireland, and they had pronounced an
unanimous verdict in favour of his country. If there had been
an appeal lodged to that meeting, he thought that they would
confirm their decision.—(Tremendous cheering.) And so
they ought.—(Renewed cheering.) Would they feel less
peaceful, or less secure, if the interests of sixteen millions of
Britons, and of eight millions of Irish, were placed under the
same sacred protection—if they were bound together by the
same interests, and knitted up by a community of affection.
But it was not to their interests that he would appeal—he
would appeal to their generous, to their great and just feelings ?
England had Corporate Reform—Scotland had Corporate
Reform—and should it be refused to Ireland ?—( No, no.) All
they wanted was perfect equality between the three countries.
Was there not a Legislative Union ? Yes, there was a parch-
ment one.--.L( Laughter and cheers.) For a considerable por-
tion of his life he had endeavoured to rend that parch-
ment union—why ? Because he was unable to raise suf-
ficient English attention to the real nature of the sufferings
of Ireland, and the oppression she endured. Did he wish
for it now? God forbid.—(Loud cheers.) He had
wanted to alter the parchment union into a real union,
and the House of Lords had, in their extreme wis-
dom, reduced the question to such a narrow compass,
that no man in existence could misapprehend it ; they
had reduced it to a question of right or wrong, tyranny
or liberty, slavery or freedom.—( Loud cheers.) It
had been said upon the discussion on reforming, the
House of Commons, that if the House of Commons was
reformed, the demagogues, and he was reckoned among them
—( Laughter)—would immediately insult the House of Lords,
that they would threaten and menace them and bully them,
until such time as they forced a collision.—( Hear.) That
had been said by Sir Charles Wetherell, who spoke for
five hours without expressing a single idea, The House of
Commons had not sought a collision, it had not attacked
the Lords, on the contrary it had shewn great forbear-
ance—he would almost say timidity.—(Hear, hear, hear.)
They had kept back as long as they could, but his friends, the
Lords, had insisted upon collision ; and the collision had
come. How were Englishmen to bear it ? They were
upon their trial now. The House of Lords bad
said there should not be justice done to Ireland. He heard
with his own ears Lord Lyndhurst say, that Corporate Re-
form was not to be conceded to Ireland, because the
Irish people were aliens in blood, aliens in religion,
and aliens in affection.—(Cries of " Shame, shame.") Was
there ever such a traitor to the Throne and the people as
Lord Lyndhurst?—(Loud cheers and cries of " Never.")
Was not that speech, a speech for the repeal of the union,
as far as he could carry it ? As to religion, that was an
affair between man and his God. - (Tremendous cheer-
ing.) And (exclaimed Mr. O'Connell) I bless my
God that we are standing here, three of us, a Jewish
gentleman on ono side, a Protestant gentleman on the other,
and I a Catholic in the centre.--(Loud cheering.) It had
