A;OTIIER BARBAROUS 'MURDER.

Utcici<l • !ALL—A mord, r of •01 most atrocions
character was p'eille rated on Frol-,y oilbt. The
folloWitt4 are the particulars, a stated in evidence
, the Magistrates of this Other on Satniday
John Forester; a etnistable cif the.Pari,4 of Aid-
g staled, that he had been directed by the
1.-----.:Aayor to. bring 'before the 111,%,-- rates a
young (lien uantedjosepti Williams, whom he bad
token iiito-6istodsr;-"Oti suSpicion of heiog con-
io the tritir&A. Marykftreet, &tighter of
MT. Albert , .of Tboniases--strect, Kent-road The
prisoner and iipptirer man.,. named Robert Dean,
wet e in the .krsiee of Mr.. Tirrell, eograver,
Church-row, Ald4tre, and 16dgeu together at a
house near t keit: place of business. On Friday
night Mr. Tyrrell received . informa• ion that a
murder had been committed on it child by Dean,
at a place in the Kent-r odd, and that the prisoner
had been Seeo iii his 'Company a short time pre-
' dandy. Mr. .Tyrrell iminediately sent for Fo-
ester, and directed him 10 go to Ine lodgings of
Dean and-Williains, and take tke first who ante
hoot .Williains returned about 20
nrinutei••ifter nine on Friday evening, and Fo.
•rtst et- :seemed Milt as bee!) ditected, and
cooductod hint to 'Wateb:lt'onse. He refused to
give-any reply to several ktiesaon's:pitt to him by
the Constable,' observing; that he should reserve
what be had to say for the ear of the'Magistrate.
Sarah, Withams, grandmother to Ole murdered
residiag Velili Mr. and Mri. Albeit, the pa-
resits, stateti,, that her grand-daughter was. about
four Teals•and a quarter old.. On Ft iday evening
Robert Dean came to the 'house of- Mr. Albert
about seven in the evening, acconinahied by the
prisoner. They afterwards went out together, and
in about a quarter of 341 hour Dean ret tit nest alone.
Fie had al,vays appeared reinat•kably food of the
child, and she was extreinelY attached to him.
She was playing in. the street when Dean re-
turned, and .sjlS, IVillianis called her its, and fold
her Mr. :IXiill.was come. She iltillstdiately left off
playing, ran to Dean, and upon his taking her up
put her artist round his neck. Ile then said that he
should buyher some apples, arid took her With
him to a neighbouring shop for that purpose2Not
returning immediately, Mrs. Wallops vent out to
look for the child, and obsrving her in Dean's
arms with au apple in her hand she Was about to
return, when Dean requested her to go to a shop
a few (loots off, and purchase some Articles for
him. She did as be had requested, but had not
been in the shop more than two minutes when she
heard a cry of mi:rder; anti saw a• great number
of persons run towards her daughters house.—
She made all possible hasie to the sameplace, and
upon arriving there saw the Child beinsuppotted
by her father, and the blood streaming hour it
dreadful wound in the tliroat,. Drat) was gone.
The unfortunate infant languished abciut halt an
hour, and expired .; and another. Wound was
then discovered' on the lower part of the Sion' a ch.
tee Ci rc.411.1131 Mite occurred about 6 o'clock, or A
tplilner'after. -

May, throffieet, upon hearing of the trans-
to•TlL'ontas's-street, the residence
of thit parents, for the purpose of m4koig I quit
and obiaintug Information. He arrived a little
beforr trine, the cuild us then dead, and Mrs.
Alberi in a :tit.—The evidence. given by Mrs. Wil-
limns Forre...ponded ry,par• icolar with what
Ice heads upori the spot where the murder was
cononitied. Some other circuinstances came to
his knowledge, which appeared- tip explain in
souse Uteasure the motives of the two-fierce
fur the perpetra,io,, of the bowl(' deed. Dur-
ing the sisit of •D,:an on Friday evening. Mrs.
Albert, chided hint, in terms-Ot•gre'at t.everii y,
for having formed some impropereotineCtion with
persons ofrlepraved chatacter, atid•for squander-
ing away his into3ey upon his immoral' associates.
He appeared to be extremely hurt..at her remon-
strances, but said nothiug that indicated au imen-
tidn of taking any sort of revenge.for the freedom
with which she had spoken to bun. About eight
o'clock Mrs. Albert was horror struck on perceiv-
ing her child staggering into the root . where site
was sitting, with a theadful gash iii ter throat,
from which the blood flowed in .a tOrt'ei'it. The
poor little infant faintly cried,-I.‘ Mother, Mother !"
and fell down. Dr. ‘Valsliman and two medical
men were sent .for, and did every thing for the
little sufferer that could be .performed.by.skill and.
experience.
The prisoner said, that he- parted with;Dean at
the Surrey Theatre, bet ween—eveir .and eight
o'clock,. and had Lever seed hini since. Deatt
said at:patting; that he inrended to go into the
Borough, and went in that direetVon. Dean hati
not !teen borne to his lodgings since Wednesday.
Prisona could not account 'tor his conduct ; It
.appeared a steady and good telitp'ered man when.
sutler, hut was ettremely•feroei'ous intoxi-
,cate.tl; .biet -het Wits• nut await that Deal.) was in-
ehriated on Ft Off ; he knew nothing of the mu,-
:der himself; Until ifilohned by pure tee, tt ht)
:took hint iota etts,tody.,
Several persons came 'forward to prove that the
prisoner was dt a considerable distance front Th(;-
mas's•street• at' the time of •the, murder, that he
'spout the. evening with some friends of great re-
spectability, and tyro( to his lodgings at his usual
holm; lie way &sehargeti.
• Dean has-alisconded. May and Goff; the offi-
cers, are making diligent search after him, amt.
hopes are cutlet tamed that their efforts will nut
be im-iscees•fid. He'is five feet eight inches'high,
Roman nose, .toll laze, and rather handsome. He
was
_dressed. in a coat and pantaloons of grey co-
loured cloth.

wwinds appear to have liten inflicted with
a penknife ; th3t in the throat an inch and a lialf
over, and intee bug ; the point. of the
knife appeari Cu, haNe entered a little below the
lett 'Car, ttliti to hive taken a shin ditection Is
the front lit the t:.ront.

Tuesday last l'imottl Reeve's, the elder.
ge,dlemall, %V, coovietril before tw 0 of the COM..
inis,ioners 'nixes acting for the ttmett and coin.
ty of Yor4, ill I toc pelid'oy 01 401 tot litiving wade
op one w indoN or light in iiii,litvelling-hOuse
Nitliout tiaviog given six dap previous notiC
bereot to ti‘e lospector or Surveyor tit the
trict, and also farther penalty i t Int for bay.
ing opened out one window gat-
ing the Skittle notice.

F(EDERA AFRICANA.

[Nei. VIII.]

The easect of. England and Sin have been
stat est with more pHrt icidaritantl at greater length,
than I shall find room for in respect of- the
other nations who had not renourtrtl the Slave
_Trade in January, 1807, Portugal, Holland, aud

'rance.
Tltc'anihor oFthe tract of that date, was evi-
tlently a little embarrassed with the case of Par-
titgal. Her actual importation of slaves into Bra-
zil was then larger, perhaps, than even that of
Spain into Cuba.; and her amity with England
enabled her to carry them openly from Africa in
her own ships, instead of using foreign flags, or
buying flow* foreign trader's, like the Spaniards.
She was therefore most directly, as well as large-
ly, a party to the giiiiefal provocation ; and yet,
of all the European States, she had then suffered
least, from the. general 'Scourge; To reconcile this
with his hypothesis, 'the author could only sug-
gest what -seems, though a fair, not an adequate
distinct ion, ,namely, that though Portugal,' like
the rest, Kad:beeta reca.ntly arid rapidly increasing
her Slave Trade at the tune of the French Betio-
lotion, the extension 'of the offence had not, in
her case, been directly t' cited by the Government,
orby laws made for 't he' avowed • purposonf-en7
colt:aging the trade, an aggravation of guilt which
he lied shewn to have ,been incurred by France
and Holland, and Spain; immediately before the'
revolutionary plague broke out.
BUt ail difficulties in this respect were soon re-
moved. They received by the course of events,
within a few months, a better solution than that
had conceived-, for the 'equal chav,isentent
of Portugal was not longer withheld. The scourge
had .apparently. been suspended, that she might
have time and admonition to repent. She 'Was
allowed to bein, of the English abolition; to learn,
if nut fully known before, the high' mOral and re-
ligiy-tit. considerations by which that measure was
demanded .; and to be solicited by her faithful Ally
to follow -the happy example of her own peniten,
tiai reform. But site proved obdurate ;; and her
case, therefore, exemplified the. anthOr's own re-
mark,, that" perseverance in guilt, after` admoni-
lionsto for Sake it, has, in what we know of the
dealingii Of Provideuce towardsnatious,-been ustt-
allY added to the offence before the scourge has
been inflicted'.." This additional guilt was con-
tracted in 1807, and before the' end' of that 'year
the house of Braganza was driven front 'Port tigal,
probably to return no more. '2, •
Never, to be sure, was the hindof Providence
more cenSPietions in, the specifie'character Of any
event regarded as a,judicial retribution F' The
unjust expatriation .of the poor African captiVet;
was retaliated, not only. by exile for e...;ile,ibut
fvro by the same mode of binishment, .tratiSpor=.
tation by d long' voyage Aetc.iss the xklAntie,
crowded thips, and to the same,
.icl:tical port,.
irheddrcreout:,, evi!o as net Sufferings On sitip.••
(19riag.the piosagv, 'VAS tirubably not' very
gre-it opt at least if we to.tke doe allowance for
the past Habits of European y, comparison
with those of the Africiin shires, and add to it the
greater length of the voyage 1(1 Brazil froM Lis-
bon than tram Angola ; for the number of Por.
uguese'subjects who hastily embarked on botit'd
crowded ships ilitrepared for their reception, was
computed ai 18,000.* That the fugitives, like
the poOr negroes, sale'►ed ,(140 severe mental an-
guish in being thus driven front their thitive
'and bereft of all their local conitotts amid (mimeo-,
'flops,' we cannot doubt : and, indeed, it was suf-
ficientlY manifested by the, hesitation an(l relueli,
tance with which 'the exile WfiS submitted to, and
the painful sacrifices which were vainly made to
avert it. When. the dreaded time of departure drew,
near, the Cunt shrunk from its purpose, and at-
tempted to appease the wrath of Napoleon, .even
by renouncing the ft iendship of England, and good
faith to their ancient ally. His haughty and 'in-
solent mandates were all submissively obeyed; nett
only by the adoption of his Berlin and .Milan De-
crees, for the excite ion of our trade, but by the
opprobrious and perfidious act of seizing and con-
fiscating all the British property which had not
previously been removed. Though a war with
this country was to be the sure effect of these hu-
miliating compliances, and a blockade of 'the
Tagus was their immediate fruit, all these evils
seemed to the unhappy Court of Lisbon, and no
doubt to the Nobles and Gentry also who were

to share its fate, a choice less terrible than the
alternative of migration. To the last hour there
was a miserable vacillation of purpose, which the
strong remonstrances of our Arnhassatfor would
not perhaps hive ultimately sufficed to fix on the
safei side, if new terrors from France had not
seasonably arrived. But the Tyrant of Europe.
had pronounced in one of his audauions Mani-
festos, that " the House of Braganza had ceased
to reign ;" and it is On! that intelligence of the
tremendous denuneit4in artived:_at the critical
moment when Lord Strangford had taken a hos-
tile leaVe, and was actually on bo..ard one of the
ships of
,our squadron then blockading the port.
Deposition, imprisonment, and Oath itsclf per-
haps were impending. before the unfortunate Prince
Regent .and his folloiwers could snake up their
minds to embark. Among he reluctant fugitives,
was a large proportiuti. of all who had rank and
fortune, pr political influence, in Portugal ; and
we may reasonably prcsame, that
.few who had
estates or. meteantile Connexions at Brazil were
'left behind. It seems :probable, therefore, that
most of the Portuguese who had been directly
engaged, in the oiTency of the Slave Trade, or tip-
„held it, by their influence, partook of Its very
striking' cita:Stikement..
The flight'fiet;oss the ocean of ,nearly the whole
aristocracy'Af a kitigdom, with the Sovereign at
its head,-o.handoning a Throi±e yet unsubverted,
.and a.colftfrysfttttitsithdtted, is an event tinpa-
ralleled:i2i,"ithe history. of, the world. There is a
grandettg:astwe'llas novelty in its character, that
predispos,es The Pititts, mind to regard it as a 'spe-
cial work; of 'Providence, and to inquire for its

ds• New Annual Ite^ister for iso7.—The fleet, British and
•
Portuguese, ships of war included, consisted of eighty.six
sail 01 veSrvlsq. kit descriptions, hastily fitted out, and in
gtmeral, no dcuitt, iii ad ipted to the accommodation of pas-
senger; yet 18,000 -209 to each vessel, excluirce of the
crevi.

moral or final cause. Ent surely it will be
difli-
cult fof such a 'mind to contemplate caretanYoo
distinctly the work itself, and not assent to a so-
lution so consonant to the Divine attributes, as
that which is here suggested, and which seems to
he pointed out to our view even by the finger of
Providence itself.

Let us follow in, imagination the unfortunate
exiles till they crossed the Equator ; and what
objects did they Probably meet_ to vary the uni-
formity of..the watery expanse around them ?
Chiefly such as were Well fitted to annoonce to
their own consciences, and to every pious spec-
tator, the Offence for which they suffered. They
could hardly fail to fall in with slave ships of. Bra-
zil,' some crossing the
,trade.winds in their way
to Africa, and others standing before them for
the ports of that colony, crowded with miser•
able captives. Well might the latter be distin-
guished by their. crowded decks, by the filth with
which they were frequetuty staining the ocean as
they. passed ; atsd still more certainly by the
sharks which followed, to receive from the mor-
tality they teemed with, daily and almost hourly
meals of flesh that once was man. These are the
tool floating altars of Mammon, more terrible
than those of Moloch.' These the groaning ma-
gazines of misery, the most.exquisite and compli-
cated that cruelty or relentless avarice ever made I
And who,were then the chief authors of such im-
'pious oppression ? Who,, in contempt .of the
common Lord and Father of mankind, and to
the scandal of, the Christian name, bad dragged
those unoffending fellow-creatures, men, women,
and children, front their native country, crowded
them into those dreadful,prisons, anti were then
carrying them into perpetual exile ? Who, but
the royal, and noble, and powerful and. wealthy
exiles, who, banished in their ttirn by rapacious
and impious oppressors, were then sailing by the
side of their poor sable victims, and passing, by
a transportation almost equally painful, to the
same distant land. _ _ _

Let the infidel, if he—will, ascribe this strange
coincidence with all the' rest--to chance. For
my part, when.] conceive the Royal_ haulier of
Portugal waving over:the head ot her dethroned
and banished ,Sovereign,, hi the same seas,, and
within the' same horizon, where the -Portuguese
ensigns alone then braved Almighty justice by: an
open.and national Slave Trade, I seem to see a
convict carried to execution at the same spot
where be ,perpetrated the crime, and with the
instrument, of it, and.dead body ot his mutdered
victim, placed in the same vehicle beside him.

We are not without instances of such localities,
and other corresponding circumstances, being or-
dained to spark' the relation -between the crime
'and its punishment,
.by Divine as well as by hu-
',fit'an judgments. ._
'''' flast tbOU killed, and also taken possession!
In the place where 'dogs licked the blood of Na-
boil! -skt•till .dogs lick thy bloOd ; even thine."

-;';As`slaVery,is not added -"to expatriation, and
Portugal is tow rescued from foreign tyranny, the
retaliation, though conspicuous enough for the
.argument, is not complete ;. but the stores of Pi-
tine vengeance areArot exkatisted ; and if•thellag
of Portugal shall still
.contimit its provocations,'
and solely •obstruct the deliverance of, the oil
pressed African race, the Bouse of 11ragatiza.bas
probable not seen the worst, of its:fare.,_ is ,
indeed, upon principles of human foreSight,.is
probably enough. To seat a • throne tilibn tb
tottering pedestal of a Society Ceritiposed„onlyTol,
slave-masters and slaves, is a bold and novel ex,
pyriment, not very likely to have a safe and for-
Innate Meantinee, the' punishment added
to exile is, however voluntary, of no trivial kind.
It is the sad exchange of European for West In-.
dian society and manners. It is the misery also,
exceeded only by colonial slavery itself, of being
driven into immediate contact with that most mi..,
happy and odious 'system, with the disgusting
duty of, maintaining i.ts authority Without being
able effectually to contralti its cruel and manifold
wrongs. if these painful consequences be not
felt by the administrators ot :a metropolitan Go-
. vernment on the Spot, the punishment, in a arrat-
view,-will be so much the more severe: •

At the same time I admit 'that these chastise.
mews may be compensated, even to the Court of
Portugal itself, if it shall now. have the virtue
and the .wisdom to improve the condition of the
Blacks under its itmnediate government, and pro-
gressively to loosen their chains.' But the first
step towards such a benignant and prudent work
must be the entire prohibition of the Slave
Trade.*

1 will only add, that the chastisements of Por-
tugal, like those of Spain, have been made in-
strumental to the glory and welfare of that coon-
try whose penitence and zeal for general refor-
mation bad propitiated the favour of Heaven.
The case of Holland has been incidentally, and
perhaps sufficiently noticed. She had sustained,
prior to 1807, her full share,of the scourge, and.
was not relieved froiii it till the same era at which
sbe'reconciled herielf to Heaven by an cifiire and
immediate renunciation of the offence'. th:r sins
against Africa had'in the meantime been suspend-
ed, not only by the maritime hostilities of Eng-
land, but by the just loss of all.those colonies for
the sake of Which she bad publicly.decreed in
1788, " that every means should be employed
to promote a speedy enlargement, Of the Slave
Trade."

(To be continued.).

• Portugal would bare facilities beyond any other Power,
in augmenting its black population in America, by promoting
the voluntary emigration of African families`it a state of
ecdom. The voyage from, Angola does not exceed, upon an
average, 30 days; and there are there,. and 'at other settle-
ments, Multitudes of native labourers livingjinder,the I'or-
tuguese Government, who arc already so far free as not to he
liable to be sold for exportation, except.for ctintes,-;
• ..

On Tuesday last, as Colonel HANMER, son of
Sir TuomAs HANMER. Bart. was `proceeding on
a shooting party, with Mr. CONGREVg, of Alder-
maston Park, Berks, in getting into the shooting
cart, one of the pieces went off accidentally ; and
so•dreadfully lacerated Colonel HANMER'S arm,
near the shoulder, that it was greatly feared he
would be obliged to undergo an amputation of the
limb. _ The best surgical aid was immediately
called in, but no report had -been .giv.an‘by-the
surgeons when this account was brought away.

SINGULAR CASE OF HOUSEBREAKING

AND ROBBERY.

About two months ago; William Clulow, Esq.
of No. 4, Camden-street, Camden-town, left the
metropolis for France. :Soon after his departure,
his wife went into the country oil a visit to her
friends. She lett the house, in .which there was
a great deal of valuable property, to the care of
the man-servant, whose name is Grainge, and of
a confidential maid-servant,
.who had lived in the
family font- years. • The previous conduct of both,
had justified the opinion of their mistress, that
the interests of the family would be carefully at-
tended to in her absence. On ‘Vednesday week
-Mrs. Clulow returned from the country, and was
satisfied that every thing was correct, and 'that
her directions had been followed to the letter.s--
She went to bed at her snort' hour, but was rowed
out of her sleep at half past two o'clock in the
morning, by a violent knocking at the door; and
a terrible cry from the watchman, intimating that
there were robbers in the house. When she
raised the window, the watchman added to her
terrors by telling her that he saw a strange man
with a light in the kitchen, and that no doubt
there were others in the house with a bad inten-
tion. Mrs.,Clulow was by this time • joined' by
the man-servant, who was awoke by the violence
with which the watchman communicated his ap-
prehensions. They proceeded front- the chamber;
and were met by the maid-servant, who appeared
dreadfully-terrified, and told thent.that +vltile she
lay in ,b.eil,ewo men came into the room, one of
whom had his lace blackened, and that the Man
with the black- lace• stood over her-with a IsisThl
•in his hand, threatening to blo-W her brains our if
she Spoke a word, while the _other; who had a
White hat on, took the
.candle, anti went down
stairs'i:tti plunder. The- robber who was .guard
over her • was, she said, disturbed at the noise
Made by the watchman, and after swearing at her
ran off: The man knew nothing of any of these
circumstances; he had been asleep, he said, till
- the-cry- of robbers awoke him. Ontoing through
the several. apartments they foUnd the locks of-the
'doors and cupboards had been -broken open, and
that many articles of •forniture and dress were
partly' paeketi Up; and some ready- to be ,conveyed
away. The plate chest was found open, the nails
having been wrenched 'out; 'a quantity of plate
was missing.' In one of. the rooms- near that, in
which tire plateschest lay, a very uncommon ob-
ject presented•-irself : a shoulder of mutton and
Other dishes, which had been taken from the larder
by. the thieves, were laid .out ;
.wine •was also in
profusion about the table, es
-if the visitors were
determined. to. do the,business quite at their ease.
At the back of the premises a ladder was found
against the garden wall, by which it wss presumed
an entrance and escape had been effected. Mrs.
Clulow did not•qUestion the probability that the
robbers had thus succeeded and- escaped, until a
few days had elapsed. She sent for -her friends,
And after some consultation with-them employed
Sinith the • patrole, who carefully viewed the pre-
tnises, and was surprised -at seeing no. marks of
violenceopon the outer- doors of. the-house,: as
well' as at learning that .the robbers must have
'liaised very-close to. the man-servant's roam in
,theirway twthe•plate chest, the-breaking open of
which" must have caused a noise likely ter-arouse
one who was not in a state of sleep very closely
allied to eternity. The man and maid 'servants
,were of course suspected of having something to
JAW in the -hilliness, brit -the grounds of suspicion
Were not-snfficiently strong to justify the officer
its apprehending them: Smith next proceeded to
examine the garden for the-traces of the footsteps
of the robbers, hot none appeared and it scented
-rather itisprobable.that- in the hurry :attending the
eStapc;:the ground should-not be. impressed. In
pas-sing through the garden, he; however, observ-
ed.a small spot Which .bad been -.recently dug up.
ll`cs:•put a spade into it; and, upon pressing it
down felt it' strike againSt some hard substance.
lie dug into the place, and soon- .turn.eci•rip a jar,
in which were contained 'four one-pound notes.,
'and severaldnplicates which belonged to Grainge
the serearst--man. The • parrole instantly appre-
hended both servants, and-placedalsem in separate-
Tomos, giving them no opportunity of exchanging.
a word. with each other. After repeated denials
from Grainge that he knew any thing of the mat-
ter, it was at-last said by him that the taluny had
been committed by the watchman and another
snan : that he (Grainge) and the -maid had gone
to the play, leaving the care of Ille-1/01lie to time
watchman and the other person, who robbed it,
iii 'their ribience; that a few days after the watch-
man confessed to hits that lie had done so, and
induced bins by the sum of four pounds to plan
the deception by which his mistress had been im—
posed upon for a time. The watchman was im-
mediately after apprehended. lie retorted upon.
the two servants, and said that Grainge had stolen
the place, and sold it to.a Jew, named Michael,
who met Grainge at the watchman's house, for
the purpose of buying it. The Jew, be said, had
declared be would purchase a cart load of plate if
he could get it and melt it too. Michael was soon
alter apprehended in the neighbourhood of Petti-
coat-lane, and in his possession was found some
of the stolen plate. The servant-maid said she
had told this fabricated tale, because she was de-
sired to do so. The parties are now in prison.
The watchman ,was, it seems, in great confidence
in the neighbourhood. •

A Gentleman, long fAmous for 'the aptitude of
his puns, observing a violetwfraeas in the hoot
area of a. publid-honse in Bath, facetiously termed
it—" The bat tle of 4 Gin-Court."
A Jiiry will be ernpannelled to'-morrow and
Wednesday at ilte Guildhall, Westtninster,,for
the purpose of awarding damages to the tolises•
sirs 'of houses in'Piceadilly and -Oxford-street,
which arc In lie removed in order to form the
hew street from Carltat-house to the Regent's
Park.

A new and .ebriciiii race of st.vindlitievigrants
has grown up in France among the peasantry.---
They- watch -the .going .out of the husband and
other male members of a - peasant's family, then
introduce themselves, and by persuading the wo-
men and children. that they can, at pleasure, di-
rect or repel the • incursions of the wolves by a
shsirm-, obtainfrom the fears of those whom they
address, food, elotiits-, slid money.

FROM SATURDAYS GAZETTG•

BANKRUPTCY ENLARGED.
tut W. Rhodes, East Smithfield, baker, from Oct. '2O, fog Sli
at Guildhall.

BANKRUPTS. slf
H. Gompertz, Toltenhouse-vard, dealer in wool, Oct ' -otti
Nor. 28, at Guildhall. Attornies, Messrs. Bldg.},
Barker, Token house-yard, Lothbury.
W. Crowther, Banner-street, St. Lukelsovalch-manufacturclifv,
Oct. e 4, Nor. 7, 28, at Guildhall. Attorney, Mr. kluds°
Winliworth-place, City-road.
F. Baker, Upper Thanes-street, baker, Oct. 24. 31. '°;;;211
at. Attornies, Messrs; Chapman and CO. "-
st.Thottias Apostle, Queen-street.
C.TPtri
Tuns-Inn,
,Ssutaftt'iti,rmd farmer,
Goldfield.
Attornies,
2N81.1.:,t6t37,
i)P.
James-street, Bedford-row; and Messrs. Croxall and b
beche, Sutton Coldfield.
G. Lock, NVelciipool, Hereford. grazier, Nov. 2, 3;_,-'„.r.
the Old Swan Inn, Cheltenham. Attornies, Mr. ohs' ell'
ham, Upton-uPon-Secerif ; and Mr. Platt, New J3°s"
court.
T.
Bateson, Armley. Hall, York, merchant, N0r.13,
.e,.
the Court Hmise, Leeds. Attornies, Mr. Wils"',„„,.".
rille-street, Hatton-garde4 and ;Messrs. Smith and
Leeds.
R. Rees, Cliathant.• draper, Oct. 30, 31, Nov. 28, at then tr 4.
tnercial Rooms. Bristol; Attornies, Messrs. Rosser ad
Bartletei-htlildings, Holborn; and Mr. Arthur, Bristol.
I. Schwabacheri Yountain-place, City-road, toy- wercilei'i.
Oct. 7, 28, at Guildhall. Attorney, Mr. Maughtor.
Great St. Helen's.'

DIVIDENDS.
Nor. 14, G. Kieckhoefer, Islington, mercliant—(":'
M. Edwards, Freshford, SoMerset, clothier—Nur. 9,'T' 3.7,4
Tuxfortl, Nottinam, innkeePer—Nov. 10, J. Dralielo"..,..v.
E. Clementson, Market Bosworth, Leicester, hosiers--,w
7, W. Adams and .1. Edwards, Cumberlattd-street,
square, chair.loakeri—Nov. 21, L 1., Changeur,
builder—Nov. 7, B. Fletcher, Deptfora, linen.' '1
draper--1,7
•
7, D„Beilly, Thavies Inn, merchant—Nov. 7, J. 13*
Taplow Mills, Bnckigliam, pper-maker—Nov.
Wainwt ight and. .T„ Menteyard, Liaverpool, coopers--'os•
