, •
•
.
.4„-,/, AieLd.„64:,..,:k--
_____
_ _
•
_,
.... ... .
...A
...'E...a. /
- '- 4 3-• , _.ilso -'„
--i- N r'ti 1,
.....------7 • 4... i..."
,) , I, A. ~,
0 -t."7"----- ' . •
( ' 1
ip-----::.;.i.r,,
--
---- -- - /', 2:`- /N
ram
~. •.., fi, / C 4,1.-0-4-1-.21\ ..A ' S.--, , >.. • ~ .' , - AS ~rt
....tg -Az \-t - -
Ar''
...,___
All t 4 ..ef,t J'' '
% 1 :.‘ f, !,--------,. ~:
, >,r4,01, ,
...0,-, . k.
.
, , . , -- ~- - "-5... get,'4%:,.._'WA ti
„_...-
~......, ....,,,.....
\ -1„. • I i . I t '.. -- /I ' \
IS----- ,
~,
', .. - /7,(;`i5
Gk'4746ltif C ,4rAk I.
---,
:,...1_404,64.,,.
__
...._,..„,' i -),. t: ) . > r /
' '-',---.... I 8
' ' 4,011104 434 .xo• PAP -"I' 0- vat -,..,.. I' I,r, . , .....
. ,

. $.4)
A; ;a':
.>, .• r • 4
• e
/--"t

PRICE sd.

ROYAL AGRICULTURAL
SOCIETY' OF ENGLAND.

as it did the interests, not only of English agriculture, but
the agriculture of the United Kingdom, he knew and he felt
that there was much to be done by it to strengthen those
ties of peace and concord which happily subsisted between
the two countries. This was not an age of war, thank
God ; and the time was gone by when it was considered
the natural state of man, and peace was looked upon as a
difficult and dangerous experiment. The soldier and
the sword were no longer the security for humane and
peaceful nations—the scboolmas►er. end not the warrior,
was now abroad; and the rulers of the earth ;yea e already
beginning to be taught, for the stability of their thrones
and power, to trust not so much to the terrors of war as to
the milder influence and moral force of a virtuous, en-
lightened, and religious people.—( Loud cheers.) These
were the principles of a new and a reforming age, princi-
ples which were gaining strength throughout the nations,
and which were held sacred by two nations in particular,
England and 'America, united as they were by kindred
ties and mutual interests, and each under the ii.fluenc -
of public opinion.--(Gfeat cheering.) And in this age.
when the love of peace, of knowledge, of Christianity,
was overspreading► the earth, was there one human
behig of the most ordinary enlightenment—was there
a Christian—above all, was there a descendant of the
Angle. Saxon, who would not look upon any breach be-
tween the two countries as the greatest curse which could
have fallen upon both. and one of the greatest evils which
could hi.ppen to the cause of humanity and the rising liber-
ties of the rest of mankind ?—( Cheers.) England and
America were too wise to go to ear with each other, and
he trusted much that this would ever be the cae, to the
virtue, the prudence, . and the foresight of those who
Yin Med the destinies of the two countries. —(Cheers.)
The Earl of HARDWICKE proposed " Suecei,s to the
Highland Society." Ha was not much acquainted with
tl i-st titton, but he knew that it had existed for many
years. and was the principal means of forwardirg that sue-
eras to their own SJciety which they bad that day met to
celebrate. _ _ _

CAMBRIDGE, THURSDAY.
The great dinner of this Society took place at Cam.
bridge yesterday, in the immense and beautiful pavilion
erected for the purpose on the lawn of Downing College.
There could not have been less than 2,500 persons present.
The great majority of the tables were laid out in a circular
or aniphi-theatrical form, each ranged above the other.
Parallel with the entrance were the two principal tables,
on a raised platform, at which sat the President and the
distinguished persons present, to the nunebcr of about 150.
The whole presented, especially from the uppermost seats
of the circular dinner-table, from the President's platform,
or the ladies' gallery above it, the most splendid coup dceil
that it is possible to imagine. There was abundance of
roo.n for the numerous company ; and, with respect to the
viards and the' wine, there seemed to be enough of-these
Also. and 1.1 a very respectable character.
Among the company were the following distinguished
personages :—.
Dekes—Richmond (President), Buckingham, Rutland.
Marquises—Downshire, Northampton.
Earls—Chichester, Spencer, Hardwicke, De la Warr,
Braybrooke.
Lords—St. John, ALnteagle, Neville, Cantilure.
Bo-
ners.
Mernly.rs of Parliament-5r R Peel, Bart., Sir A.
Grant, Bart., A. Sanford, Esq., Handley, Esq.,
Pusey, Esq., &c.
As soon as dinner was removed, after the usual loyal
toasts the Noble Chairman called on Sir Robert Peel to
propose the next toast, " Steicesa to the English Agricul-
tural Society."
Sir ROBERT PEEL rose, in the midst of a furnish of ap-
plause, which continued for some minutes, on the subsiding
of which he said that it would be affectation in him to mis.
take or misunderstand those demonstrations of esteem and
personal geod- will which induced or rather compelled him
to pause a moment in the execution of that duty which had
been delegated to him by their Noble President. When he
surveyed this imposiog, ho had almost raid this awful, scene
—when he recollected the purpose for which they were met
—when he thought of the wide area from which they were
assembled, and the great interests which they represented--
when he remembered the class to which mainly they be-
longed, and what had been the conduct and still was the
character of that class—when he called to mind their mo-
deration in prosperity, their, patience. and fortitude in
adversity, their cheerful
,obedience to, or, he should
rather say, their zealous co-operation with, the laws, and
their tried fidelity and loyalty to their Sovereign—when
he thought upon all these things, however imperfect the
acknowledgment might be, they would believe that he
did deeply and would permanently feel the distinction
which the good opinion of such a body conferred upon
a public man. It had been assigned to him by those
who had the conduct of the arrangements of the
meeting to propose the toast which had the, most
especial reference to the occasion of that festival, and
which, if he mistook not, would be in perfect unison with
the feelings of that great assembly. That toast would
convey an earnest wish that the future progress of this so-
ciety might be as satisfactory as the pest—that every
succeeding meeting might exhibit proofs of improvement
caused by its instrumentality—might show an increase in
their number, and by that increase, the possession of ex-
terded means of public usefulness.—( Cheers.) It was,
perhaps, to be regretted that. thi4 toast had not been as-
signod to same one more practically versed in agriculture .
than he could pretend to be ; but there might be some-
thing to make up for this in the deep interest he felt in
the prosperity of the land, and the fact that he had been
present.at the birth of the Society—that ho had most
cheerfully and zealously co-operated with his Noble Friend,
Earl Spencer, in laying the foundations of this most im.
pertant association. He well remembered when they met
with members in numbers few, and with some forebodings
'ot failure; but when he•( Sir' Robert Peel) obtained as a
fundamental principle of the institution that all party feel-
ing should be excluded, he felt. coefident that they must,
in the end, be auccessful—(C'neering)--and he thought
he could refer to the proceedings of the day, as proofs
that his predictions bad trot been falsified. He should
now' make use of his public character -only to exhort
those whom he addressed to that which was the primary.
principle of the society and essential to its success, and to
entreat them that they would by the influence of that
public opinion they were so well qualified to guide, in-
duce others who might have- been engaged in party war-
fare to deposit at the threshold of this temple of peace
those weapons which might be fitly used in political con-
flicts, and which he himself had very recently wielded.—
.(Tremendous applause.) It would be superfluous in him
to dilate on the benefits, which this society must conkr
upon agriculture. To do this did not require any great
amount of practical knowledge. Could any one have at-
tended the show held not very far from these walls
wi hells feeling convinced that had the whole body
of farmers in England seen the exhibition of imple-
ments • and stock there made, they e'ould have de-
posited at that door a thousand hitherto cherished pre-
judices ? - They would have felt convinced of the
benefits which science conferred on agriculture, and have
laid aside the not unnatural opinion that the in strunpnts
and means which their forefathers had used wore the het
which they could, at this time. employ.—( Cheers.) 11..
would leave to other the taske of dilating c n these and
similar benefits of the society. Ile, as a public man, was
fon to cootemolate oiler results springing nt fro the
exer-
tions of such a body. lie thought ther.3arould he, as in
almost al' e.ises there was, a uaetul combination of ph )--ical
and moral good, not merely leading to the fulfilment oftl e
divine command, "increase and multiply." Ile thougt.
they were at once scattering plenty over a smiting laud and
extending the influence of kindness and kindly feeling
around ; that they were, so to speak, ploughing up the sub.
5011 of feelings andtffections—( Applause)—expo,ing what
would othernise have remained barren and then to the
influence of social converse and social intercourse ; that
in a word, they were sowing upon earth the seeds of
" peace and good will towards men."—( Cheers.) lie
believed, moreover, that' this institution had a tendency
to encourage the landowner to apply himself to a
noble and dignified relaxation, full ot interest in itself and
fraught with advantage to his country—to teach him the full
value of scientific acquirements, and the truth that know-
ledge was not only power, but wealth a10.....that in know-
ledge resided an influence equal to that of riches, of birth,
or of station.—(Clieers.) Further,. be believed it had a
tendency to keep the landed proprietor at home; to give
him an interest in country pursuits, which would induce
hien to remain the centre and support of those amongst
whom he moved, and who depended .on him—that it
would enable him to resist the temptation to leave his home
which the facilities of locomotion furnished. It would
also, he thought, strengthen and confirm the connection
which united the landed proprietor with the yeomanry, and
both with the labouring classes.—( Loud applause.) It
would give them a common topic of conversation ; it would
serve to remind them that they were all members of the
same dignified corporation ; to teach them that the hand
which laboured belonged to the same body as the head
which conceived ant. the mind which created—that the
three classes were bound by the eolden link of common
interest and common purpose.—( cheers.) They must CT..
cute him if be expressed his cordial gratification at hear-
ing of the place which hail been selected for the meeting
of,the ensuing year:: They would indulge him if, as a native
of Laiscasnir o he felt prowl to hear that the great outlet
for the menufaeturcs of England had been chosen for
the meeting of the Agricel•urel Society. It was
not unnatural that he, the son of manufactures and
commerce, who felt the deepest obligation to these for
worldly preisperity, and owed to them all the inter at
he had in the land, should rejoice in the prospect of
seeing the commercial interests brouglei face to face
with the agrieulturil. Ile was convinced that such a
meeting would confirm the natural arid almost unanimous
opinion which prevailed, that a relation subsisted be-
tween them SD close that they could not be disunited ;
that it was impossible that manufactures should flourish
without shedding a kindly influence on agriculture ; or, on
the other hard, that agriculture could decline without
involving manufactures in its decay.—(Applause). There
was yet another reason for which he rejaiet d that the
standard should be planted on the coast of England, at
the poitat which admitted the greatest facilities for in-
tercourse with Ireland and Scotland. From this fact also
he looked for great social results. By this choice they in-
vited Scotland to witness how they had fielowed her exam-
ple, and called upon Ireland to follow theirs; and, tempted
by no narrow or exclusive spirit, asked It-el-old and Scot-
land to communicate their improvements, that they might
partieipte.e in those of this country. They would thus en-
courage them to enter into that generous and neselfish
cemectition which enabled even the disappointed cielipe-
titer to retire from the scene, not diasatistied. but think-
ing more of the general improvement than of his own in-
dividuil interest. Such union could not but confirm the
friendly feelings a-id relations of the two countries. The
toast which it was his duty to propose was " Success to
the English Agricultural Society," It became necessary
to call it English on account of the locality to which it
was confined, but it had in view to render common benefits
to this empire, and not merely to England. With these
feelings, reflscting cheerfully on the past, and with cordial
anticipations for the future, he would call on the meeting
to drink, with as much enthusiasm as was consistent with
the safety of the walls arid roofs of the building, the toast
which he had the honour to propose—" Success to the
English Agricultural Society."
The Duke of BUCKINGHAM gave to Commerce, menu-
facturt2s, and agriculture." With the firm union of the
three (he said) the country molt• prosper, under the
blessings of Divine Providence, in spite of every effort
against her.—( Loud cheers )
The Marquis of NonTnamerorr then gave " The Mar:
quis of Camden and the University of Clmbridge." and
The Hon. and Rev. NEVILLE GREVILLE, in tbo absence
of the Noble Marquis, returned thanks.
On his health being given,
The Hon. A. STEVENSON, the American MinisteHr,ersoasied,
and was received very warmly by the meeting.
t the scene he_
it would be affectation in him to say
dthaer witnessed be •
fore him was unexampled by
w doublyhe h grateful
by fore. From such an assemblayllthhe- kindness
received he felt deeply, and it was renderedphliseseiproneta.neThheismcooutirvitcrsy
by the flattering manner in which
lad been mentioned by the Noble
manner of the toast. They
too, were as delightful as the
was not the personal
did not bear so much personally ho
twhhooNmobillee
object of the toast, but his fellorz:tovnl,
had the honour to represent.
wish of the y
American
people to
Duke said that it was the
A Wilt With England ; and when he
cultivate peace and goo--
iWpkt.4 sip *St vast alai =411;1u Wu*, repreitatlag

Sir J. GRAHAM returned thanks.
A number of other toasts were given, for which we can-
not find room.

MONEY MARKET and CITY NEWS.

(THURSDAY EVENING.)

HERALD.—The settlement of the account was ope-
rated in the funds to-day, and was as quiet an affiir as
perhaps vva. ever witnessed in the House. Altogmher
there have been thrte settler-ems this week, that is in
the share, the foreign, and the home markets, which have
given the jobbers nearly as much relish for a holiday, as
the members of another house in Westminster after the
fatigues of the session. .
The commercial ndvices by the Great Weatirn from
New York to the 2d instant, are not of peculiar intere.t.
The Directora of the United States Bank had been laud.
atly employed in reducing th ir large establishment of
clerks and officers to a Scale correspondent with its altered
circumstances and material diminution of business. It was
considered that about five-eighths of the whole number only
were retainedosnd the saving thus effected would, it was said,
amount to 100,000 dollars per annum. The Phila-
delphia banks generally are reported to be in easy circum-
atances now, with plenty of specie and able to resume any
day. The great obstacle was the " indebtedness" of the
United States Bank to them, respecting which no satis-
factory arrangement had been made or seemed likely.
Money is described as abundant there, and discounts of
good paper easy at the rate of 5} per cent. From the low
rates, should they continue, and the quantity of unem-
ployed capital, it was feared by the stockholders that the
banks would be prevented from declaring dividends in the
fall of the year. So long, however, as they are in a state
of suspension the honesty of making dividends at all may
fairly be questioned. The period of resumption might be
hastened by the impatience of the stockholders in that
case, which to the community at least would he a benefit.
The New York banks are also repotted to be flush to over-
flow of cash and " suffering fir want of discounts.': They
are rashly blamed for refusing to discount " accommoda-
tion paper," the very rock of all ot4ers which it is most
prude-ht to shun.

TIMES.— Arrangements have been made by the French
Post-office au'horities for accelerating the overland India
mail ler England, by special conveyances direct from Mar-
seines to' Calais. 'By this plan it is expected that the India
mails will reach London 24 hours earlier than by that '
hitherto pursued.
- The American papers state, that from the opposition to
the Bankrupt Bill in the House of Representatives it may
be con-idered as virtually lost. A large proportion of m( r-
chants had sent in a remonstrance against it. A report was
presented to the Senate on the 26th ult. of the commerce
and navigation of the United States for the year ending
September 30, 1839. The imports amounted to
$162,092,132. Imported $143,874,252 in American,
and $18,217,880 in foreign vessels. The exports were
$121,028,416, of which $lO3 533,891 were of domestic, and
$17.494.525 of fors ign articles.. • Of the domestic articles,
$82,1 )7,514 were exported in American. and 321.406,377
in foreign vessels ; and of the foreign articles. $l2 660,434
were exported in Atneric-.n, and $4,834.C91 in foreign
vessel:. 1 491.279 tons of American shipping entered,
and 1,477,928 cleared, from the ports of the United
States. Of' foreign shipping, 621,814 tons entered, and
611,389 cleared.
The Board of Directors of the United States Bank
have elected Alexander Lardner cashier, and Mr. M.
Cepe superintendent of the suspended debts. It is ob.
s,,rved, that of those persons whose offices were vacated
byhe Board, 20 were not re-appointed.
At a large meeting held in Washington on the 17th
ult. for the civilization of Africa, Mr. Gurley, secretary
to the American Colonization Society, made some
observations on Mr. Raid! Buxton's plan for stop-
ping the sl..vc trade. He stated that his society,
though but slighz ly aided by the Government, and
dependent chiefly on individual benevolence, though
strongly opposed by parties of opposite principles, and
always feebly sustained by pecuniary contributions, had
shown by the establishment of the commonwealth called
" Liberia" the method by which Christianity and civiliza-
tion might be enforced in Africa. The English philan-
thropists, he said, were now convinced that the civilization
of Africa by developing her resources and clevatitz the
minds of her inhabitants could alone cause the suppression
of the slave trade, which at present deprived Africa of
500.000 inhabitants per annum, nearly two thirds of whom
perished frem their accumulated sufforings in the first year
of their slavery. He showed that the detestable traffie
was on the increase, in spite of the large sums contributed
by England towards its overthrow, and described Mr.
Buxton's plan as the same already adopted in its principal
features with that of the Colonization Society, and bright
wish promise to the tribes of Africa.

SUN.—The advices from Canada, to the 30th June,
speak favourably of the •Government of Mr. Poulett
Thomson. Several 'public works were progressing, and
15,0001. sterling had been raised by way of loin to com- •
pieta the Chambly Gold. Emigrant agents and re-
ceiving houses had Bern appointed at Kingston, and
destitute emigrants were provided with the means of
conveyance up the lakes. Trade was very dull at Mon-
treal. and prices reduced for most imports. The
market was overstocked with British goods.
The settlement in the Consol markA took place to-
day;-and the continuation on Stock increased to 5.16-
and k per cent. Since the present account began, the
fluctuation has been about / per cent. The account
seems to be in favour of the speculators for a rise.
Money ranged from 4to 6 per cent. For immediate
transfer Consuls brought 91/ to 92, and. for the
month of August 921 to 1. Exchequer Bills realized
30s. to 325. prem. The other Stocks were much the
s:.nie as yesterday.
Business in the Foreign house was limited to-day,
probably on account of the suspense which prevails on
the sul.,j:et of the report to be published on Monday by
the Committee of Spanish bondholders. The Active
Spanish Bonds were dull at 28/ for Money, and 281
to 281 for time. Portuguese New Five per Cents.
were marked 35k ; Colombian W‘nds for the Account
fell to 271 ;
.and Mexican were done as low as 31 ;
Brzil Stock touched 831 ; and Russian Borols were
firm at 1164 ; French Five per Cents. ranged from
!sr. 75c. to 118 f. 25e.; Dutch Two and-a-Halt per
Cents. declined from 53! to 531.
There was again a slight di-position to sell Shares,
and prices were not so good, though rather buoyant.
Great Western Railway Shares brought 401, New
181 ; Blackwell 31 to 2i ; avid South Western 211
• premium. Brighton Shares were 61 ; Elielurgh and
Glasgow 5/ ; and Manchester and Birmingham 9i
discount. London and Westminster Bank Shares were
teady at 4

,PIRIT of the PUBLIC JOURNALS

_
(FROM THE MORNING PAPERS OF THIS DAY. )
(From the Morning Post.)
The speech of the Lord Chancellor last night
on introducing roducing the Regency Bill to the House of Loids
will command general attention. The subject is of the
highest importance, and it was treated at once with the
delicacy and clearness that it required. Our usual Pat-
liamentary summary contains an adequate analysis of the
speech of the Noble and Learned Lord, and a sufficient
description of the measure which be has introduced. We
refer to the subject here merely to point out the error into
which our Ministerial contemporaries were led when they
were instructed to represent the forts coming Regency
Bill as a measure only intended to provide for a
temporary suspension of the functions of Royalty
in the person of her Majesty. The Morning
Chronicle spoke en Friday last, and seemed to spe. k
officiallyeof " the mot.ertant question of a Regency ',end-
ing the Reconcilement of her 1113jesty ;" and the Globe,
also seeming to speak officially, spoke (,f " the tempolary
suspension of the duties and cares of Royalty which the
Reconcilement of her Maj.-sty will neccs,arily impose on
her." The Lord Chancellor has now spoken, and has
said not a single syllable about any th,ng temporary, but
has treated the subject of a Regency Bill—exactly as we
anticipated many days before any other j.)urnal noticed the
subject—with reference to the necessity of providing for
the exercise of the Royal authority in the event of the
succession of an infant heir to tho Throne—an eveitt
which all would deplore, but against wbich,.as a possible
event, it is necessary to provide.
(From the Morning Herold.)
Tho Globe, which approves, and
doubting In perfect
sincerity, the principle, and oat the dctiihi, %Alt " eta.
