LONDON,
FRIDAY EVENING, JUNE 11, 1830.

HIS MAJESTY'S HEALTH.

The following is the Bulletin issued this day—
" Windsor Castle, June 11.

" The KING experienced rather less difficulty in his re-
spiration yesterday. His AIAJESTV has bad a good night.
(Signed) " HENRY lIALFORD.

" MATTHEW J. TIERNEY."

An Express has arrived from Paris with the
Gazette de France of Thursday's date. The
King of NAPLES had nearly recovered from his
illness, and their Sicilian MAJESTIES would
leave Paris at the end of the month. An arrival
at Toulon from St. Domingo had brought in-
telligence of 'the formal breaking off of the ne
gociation between the French Commissioner
and the Haytian Government, and the former

had embarked for France. A vessel had arrived
at Barcelona, in three days from Algiers, with
intelligence that only one French vessel of war
had been wrecked off the Algerine coast, and
that the crew, 177 men, had been thrown into
prison. The fires in the different Provinces of
France continued, and the greatest alarm was
excited. Troops were moving in various parts
of France towards the coast, for the purpose of
forming an army of reserve. The accounts by
this arrival from Constantinople, state that the
GRAND VIZIER had arrived at the capital from
Albania, for the purpose of conferring with the
SULTAN respecting that district.
Fromm., Fu NDS.-Five per Cents. 1031. 80c. 55c. 60c.
50c. 55c. ; Three per Cents. 77f. 60c. 65c. 55c. 50c. ;
Four per Cents. 100 f. 991. 90c. 85c. ; Bank Actions,
1,900 f. ; Bentes de Naples, 85f. 80c. 60c.

Reports are current that private letters from
Paris, of Wednesday evening's date, announce
that the French expedition had been dispersed
by a gale off Palma, in the island of Majorca.

The following are extracts from German

Papers received this morning
AUGSBURG, JUNE 4.—The Courier de Smyrne, of
28th April, says—Within these last two months a great
number of Greek inhabitants of the Murea and the islands
have conic to Smyrna, and are endeavouring to settle
themselves here. In the course of this week 50 of them
came on board one ship. They are in general robust
young men, who seem to be very well inclined to work.
This is a notorious fact. We should like to ask the Phil-
hellenes of Europe, who hare never visited those countries,
and litter their declarations upon mere hearsay, as well
as the editors of various journals in Paris and London, to
have the goodness to explain to us why the citizens of a
country, which according to them is free, and placed un-
der the Government of an able man, emigrite in troops to
seek refuge in our oppressed country, or, what is worse,
a country that is under the desolating yoke of Turkish
dominion. We should also like to ■sk them cot why the
Turks do not leave their country, but why no Greek
living in Smyrna, the land of slavery, has ever
left it to seek in Greece those noble and generous
institutions, though the communication is so easy
the expence of the voyage would be next to no-
thing, and notwithstanding the indirect invitations of
the President? These questions, reduced almost to ma-
thematical simplicity, are important enough to merit exa-
mination. We shall wait for a time for the answer of the
European Journals to these questions, and in case they
should pass them over in silence, as they have done with
remarkable facts that did not suit their purpose, we
will ourselves, for the sake of truth, undertake to answer
them.

The same Journal says—" Last Sunday the Greeks cele-
brated their Easter holidays, and it is many years since
there has been such a tumultuous concourse of people as on
this occasion. The Turkish police may, perhaps, be
blamed for having so connived at the scenes which oc-
curred. But we must observe, that the security of the
city, and particularly of the Franks, absolutely requires that
the Consuls of the several nations should take measures
not to let the Greeks of the lower order, who are very
numerous here, run about the streets with immensel)
long knives, which, in a moment of drunkenness or ex-
citation, they may employ against peaceable and harmless
individuals. "

It likewise says_" A traveller who has arrived from
Greece says, that since the President has received official '
information of the acceptance of the Sovereignty by Prince
Leopold, M. Farmakidi has been set at liberty before tilt.
terns of his punishment was expired, and that Count Viaro •
has been dismissed from his office. This would be a'•
Public opinion."
double concessionicTaßs o. u
y,
15.—Unfavourable ac-
counts are said to have been again received at Constinti-
nople front Asia Minor, whei.e the
spitit of insurrection
seems to be by no means allayed. In several districts the
daily increasing demands of the tax-gatherers had been
positively refused, on the pretext that the people were
wholly impoverished by the heavy contributions already
paid. It is reported that there had been affrays, `attended
with bloodshed, between the tax-gatherers and the inhabi-
tants places, so that the former do not venture
to exercise
office without the support of-a'military
of severaltheir
force. It was affirmed at Pera, that in a conference on
the Ist of this month, between the French Ambassador
and the Reis Effendi, a violent altercation arose on account
of Algiers. The Reis Effendi, it is reported, said, among
other things, " We now see plainly the value of all the
sweet French -words; at the time olthe battle of Nayarit,
they were not spared, and now it is intended to deprive
the Porte of its resources on the coast of Africa." Count
