be re-shipped for another without much trouble, expence, and
loss of time. He therefore thought that a clause should be
inserted into the Bill, permitting a free intercourse from one
colony to another.
Mr. BUXTON observed, that last Session, when a proposal
was made for allowing the Sugars of the East Indies to be im-
ported into this country, upon the same cenditions as those of
the West, the proposal had been rejected, upon the plea that
this country had the monopoly of supplying the West Indies,
and while that lasted it would not be fair to allow others to in-
terfere with the'means the Colonists had of disposing of their
produce. Now, then, when it was proposed to break up the
monopoly which this country had of supplying the colonies, it
might be matter of consideration whether the market might
not at the same time be opened for East India Sugars. 'the
Chancellor of the Exchequer had stated that the whole ques-
tion turned upon this; and he (Mr. B.) did not see how they
could settle the one part, without attending to that upon which
it was allowed to depend. There was one point which emi-
nently called for attention, and that was the state of the slaves.
These, he contended, ought strictly tirlee adscripti glebe—
They ought not to be sold from one island or colony to another.
The power of doing so tended more than any thing else to prevent
the formation of moral and domestic habits among that suffering
class of human beings. A slave might build a cottage, cultivate
land, marry, and rear a family, and then, witho'ut a single mo-
ment's warning, he might be sold away. into another and a dis-
tant island.—(Cries of " No, no !")—He granted that the slave
could not be sold to any new colony, but then he might be
transferred from old to old, whenever it suited the interest or
the caprice of -his master.—( Hear !)—This was quite as good
for his argument as if the sale and transfer were allowed from
the old colonies to the new ; and, in his opinion, it-led to cone
sequences as bad as those of the Slave Trade. The abolition
of that trade was but the beginning of a system of ameliora-
don ; and though he would not argue them, rn the mean time,
there were many points upon which new regulations were
called for. Of these he would instance the judicial system
which applied to the slaves, and the, laws which regulated their
marriages. He thought that all parties concerned should
make some concessiens, with a view to the introduction of a
better system.
Mr. IIUSKISSON could assure the Committee that it was
by to mettne,intended to treat with the Colonies with a view ee.
benefit them at the expence of this country. The whole ques-
tion was open for discussion, and he trusted it would be seen
that, the whole of it was founded on sound prineiples—nrie-
ciples which would be equally conducive to the welfare of the
Colonies and, the nation. Two objections ()illy had been started
to it, and they had been so as if the starters had themselves
been doubtful of their. weight. With regard to its effect upon
the Slave Trade, he was convinced that that would be such as
every well-wisher of humanity would be anxious ;to promote.
There was no desire to support that inhuman, immoral, and
abominable traffic. As for himself, he had assisted in the glo-
rious labour of its abolition, and he could assure the lion.
Member for Bramber (Mr. Wilberforce) that not even he had
the perfection of that glorious work mere anxiously at heart. In
this measure they would have to look to the advantages which
resulted to this country and to the Colonies. It bad been
hinted that the more frequent intercourse between our Colo-
nies and the United States, to which the proposed measure had
reference, would afford facility for an illicit trade in Slaves.—
But it would be borne in mind that the object of the measure
was not to relax the vigilance with which that practice is
watched, but to render that vigilance more regular, strict, and
perfect, and to remove any indulgences which might at present
be extended to it. It was not therefore to be imputed to the
measure, that it would admit of, far less encourage illicit trade.
The Free Port Act gave to Spain and Portugal certain faci-
lities and advantages which the present measure would do
away. It was a measure of the utmost importance. It was
the renewal of trade with America—a trade which would
be highly advantageous to both countries. If they looked at
the illicit trade in . slaves, they would find that it was not car-
ried on between our Colonies and the United States, nor was it
in any way promoted by our Government. He would ask what
the trade was with Cuba and with the Brazils ? A mistaken
policy—a policy not more hostile to the freedom of trade than
injurious to the interests of the Colonies, had delayed .the inter-
course with the United States too long, and had forced our
• colonists on the hand, and the inhabitants of the States on the
• other, to seek in Cuba and the Brazils what we had denied.—
We had long pursued a narrow and mistaken policy.—(Hear,
from the Opposition !)-He would not say that this had been
done through design ; but it had been done, and the results
had been the bringing in of distress, and the encourage-
ment of the Slave Trade. The policy had been to keep
up (the restriction, in the hope that it would encourage
production both in the Colonies and in Britain, but it
had proved injurious to both. Another subject for consi-
deration was the claim which the planter had upon this
country for protection, independently altogether of the Slave
Trade. There was a vast increase of Colonial Produce at the
time of the late peace, owing to the new Colonies which we had
acquired ; and if by means of this supply being found far`
greater than the regular demand of this country, then the plan-
ter, who was no party to the restrictive regulation, ought not
to suffer by them. With regard to what had been stated rela-
tive to the East India sugar, he would remark that when we
had been long under a vicious system, we cannot, without
danger, get rid of it all at once. Tie history of the colonies
shewed that the system which had long been pursued in them
had been of the most mischievous nature. The old mistaken
notion appeared to be to look upon them not as a means of
wealth or of strength, but as they contributed to the extension
of the slave trade. They world find that we planted Colonies
and made treaties and stipulations, the chief object of which
was to secure to us a monopoly of that traffic. This policy
had involved us in the most ruinous consequences. We had
abolished the trade in slaves—a trade which was repugnant to
humanity, religion, and sound policy • and they could not give
to the world a greater boon than to facilitate the means by which
the planters should be enabled to follow up that measure. It
required no argument to prove that the slave would be made
better by that which improved the condition of his master ; and
it was but doing justice to the master to give him the chance of
a better market. It was possible that sugar ,could be raised
cheaper iir the East Indies than in the West ; as slavery was not
the best means for getting labour either well or cheaply done ;
but still if the produce in the West Indies be raised in conse-
quence of a system which had been founded on the colonial policy
of the country, we were bound to protect the market for him'. That
policy might be the cause which produced an inefficient labourine-
populatioe in the colonies; but still that population which we had
formed, we were bound by every means iu our power to support.
Hence the question of the East India sugar was one which did
not:enter into the present discussion. The planters must sup-
portehe population. They were labouring under difficulties__
difficulties said to be similar to those which the Agriculturists

were suffering at home, and which, like them, were attributed
to over production. This over-production existed only in the
new colonies, and was not heard- of in the old. But granting
that there were an over-production, what course could be more
wise or natural than the finding of new market ? Whether
he looked at the course of policy, or at that of humanitY, he
found both in favour of the measure ; and therefore, without
alluding to the other collateral subjects which had been noticed,
he would give the measure his decided support.—(H ear !)
PLIJMER, in a speech which was scarcely audible in
the gallery, congratulated the House on the disposition shewn
to afford relief to the distressed Colonists. The Hon. Gentle-
man also quoted a letter received from some of the West India
Islands,_.eomplaining of great distress. E
Mr. VANS thought that this was a favourable opportu-
nity for demanding of the Colonial Legislature the regula-
tion of- the Slave Trade, when we were granting them this
measure.
Mr. ROBINSON said, the particular ports to be opened to
traders would be specified in the Bill, with power to the King
in Council to extend the privilege ; and that for the better secu-
rity against illicit importation of slaves, those ports would be
selected where there was an establishment of Custom-house

officers.
Mr. W. SMITH said it was the first time he had heard it
stated that we had cherished our West Indian Colonies in order
to encourage the Slave Trade. He had always before thought
that we had- encouraged the African Slave Trade for the pur-
pose of colnnizin,.3 our West Indian possessions. He thought
the property of those Colonies was in a state of great depres-
sion ; but he could not understand that there was any such
hurry for the passing of this measure that other important ar-
rangements could not be considered and included in it. He
would not, however, throw any impediment in the way.
Mr. H USKISSON explained.
Mr. PHILLIPS said he hoped that the consideration of no
one or more individual interests of this country would be per-
mitted to interfere 'with a measure which was consistent with
the soundest principles of cosnmercial policy and justice. He
was convinced that by the operation of this measure a stop
might be put to the continuance of the slave trade.
Mr. BRIGHT was of opinion that Canada ought to have the
advantage of the proposed measure. It was unwise 'to throw
difficulties in the way of this measure, which was calculated
to give a blow to the remains of the Slave Trade, and by the
progression of civilization to confer the highest- benefits on the
Slaves of the West India Colonies.--(Hear !)
After a few words from Mr. BUTTERWORTH; that were not
distinctly audible In the gallery, the resolutions were agreed to.
The House resumed, and Mr. Brogden obtained leave to
bring in the Bills ordered by the Committee.
MISCELLANEOUS ESTIMATES.
Mr. ARBUTHNOT moved that the House should resolve
itself into a Committee of Supply.
Mr. BENNET said, as it was then half past nine o'clock,
and as there was one subject of considerable importance likely
to be brought before them in the Estimates, (he was under-
stood to mention :he Ophthalmic Establishment, an immense
