ARMY INTELLIGENCE.

THE ROYAL IRISH This fine regiment, wo uncle•
stand, are in high spirits et the prospects of tho approach'
.ing campaign in China. The Rattlesnake was to hare
been ready for sea on Friday, but she is vot calculated 0
a troop-ship- for a warm climate, ber lower deek,'-uheee
nearly 200 sons of Erin are to be stowed, being enly five
feet four inebeS high between the beams; it will thereto&
be hot work.--Observer. • :
EMERGENT SERVICE.—.A division order Rai ssucd bi
the Brigadier commanding the Ilyderabcd Subsidiari
Force,. on the 9th inst., calling for returns in tripticaies
showing the amount of ball amtounion with each corPh
and directing commanding..officers to keep it in the Most
rraly sate for emergent service. What is in the wig'
non, ask we?
MAY 22,—We hear a rumour that the 24th Regirneo
of Nat.ve Infantry, whose des ination was reported to be
1.),,p001ce, have received orders to hole themselves in ream'
ness to proceed to Poonsh. There must be some reuse's
for all this "infirmity of purpose." We can only suppo'ir.' that ar( gimcnt can be more speedily brought down a
eo.barked from Panwell than in the Southern Connan dtt"
ri ng!l he monmoon,aod we have no doubt the precarious aSPC.ft
Olafl..irs in Egpt, Afghanistan, &c., Improved the necev
sity o.f always having a 6r-cc in hand to slip at any gon'
which. may break cover in view, whether it be a Massif°
b-ar ar an. F. ,y ntiab ichneumon.
N W

&THOM THE MEDITER
,
RANEAN.

(From Malta Papers of the 27th nit.)
' Lettersirom-Atexandria stale that Beyrout, Sidon, se"
'oilier:plat:es' itt*S3ria. had been attacked by the Arabs jai
revolt. On-the 79th' and 20th ult. a ship cf the line ea'
nine frigaisp._ sailed from Alexandria far Syria, and tbree
more frigates were ready to ran : the whole of thorn had
nine thousand troops on board, and their crews were cor"
p:postd of one half. Egyptians and one half Turks. .
!)Ottoman Porte. had acceded. to the demands of Mahe et
Ali, to hold Egypt and Syria in hereditary successioo'
the Turliish•firet to be restored.
The Malta Times says, that the defence of the Dr.taxi4
cus Jews in reply to the Portafoglio Maltese contains-0'
.thing: new. A letter from the Rev. Gcorg4 Wil4l
Pierhz, missionary of the Society for the propagatlea4
the Gospel amongst the Jews, dated Alexard
rof May, states, " that, 'though now a Christian, be 41;
brought up a Jewish Rabbi, that the charge is false. OA
the laws of the Riibbins, contained in the Talmud, forb''''
the use of blood. He says, that two days before-the d'IP
appearance of the padre and his set vent, he had a dispOte
with a Turkish muleteer, in which the servant joined. DI:
muleteer swore the padre 'should die onll by' him; it
padre in turn cursed him and his religion, which 0,1:
. &web offence:to the Mahommedans standing by. No non'
has been taken.of this circumstance. He continues to ssii
alit Be has been presented.to the Pasha through Coleae
lieges, who has promised that justice should be doliele
the Jews, and that a re-examination of alt the circus''
stances should take place."
Mehemet Ali's Tuscan packet was sent to Alexandria
last wetk. It is said the Turkish Government has offered
„,
him as terms the hereditary government Egypt
Syria, be,retutnicg Candle, which he will be glad to kg.
rid of, as 'the population is so . small. Report :says ra
Russians have been again beaten by the Cireassians.
the fortress of Anapa taker. ; whilst a great part of the
gar-
risonwere out, some Poles, who remained within, arse.,
the eates'to the Circassian& M. Bouteaief has at lair
received his eottge.• • • --—
Jugirrr=teutyia ttat the naViption -
the Euphrates Wilr; *he accomplished ; the British
have there now fbeisTraiibeats forty-horse power. The
mails will he. about silultia.Qming across Syria (tom Das:
sera to Aleppo,. and it .iii..expected that only thirty daY:
will be 'squared to came from Bombay:to Paris. Letter"
have been received from- Rhedes.tip to the 16th-of Jun
fhe dissensiens-between the Jews and 'Christiar.s ha
ceased.

eve
ha:ve received papers ft'om'Creece up to the 15t °
June; the 'cut was expected at Athens on the,: rBth init.;
iL4,. his tr,t)r
.had; Parrm; thr,.
Qoreeners ;milky of
.040.1tersa.tio. have also beewdepose°
General ,N.kAgs..a4d..M,ssrs... Capes irlitriasAind
;;inert, being. implicated in the eot:pirAey of—the Pl3l-
- i hod are • e•lnimisted to tsppear before thy Corrhe•
it;fled --.• • •- •-•- '
. ,
•• ...

•
IVPORTANT •NEVS FROM' PER IfSfA•
Kitt :let of littet;"dated April 20
ee.eliCd. 1' re this day that the Peraiien arm!
Live „
tetkvnthe s44on:!nll. he longing to the Pashoolw
uF lingds,d,.,..lt.this be. true, and I believe it is.aut to bd
doutted,.. thu Pinians may I:wcome .strat,e,;.in.thelnovo"
t.tit:x that it. will be difficult to dislodge thent. :The P"
of M sot is also preparing un army to tend against ,the
I<'ut kilt •Ret•itte of- A ap,eletr,• teritrpese him front big Pasisiilice
Mr.Raecarn-gtiti•D;.,-Aiittivofth were ahoutp.reeeeding t°
l'?e tnultiting of itnteivrtr'reffliti.sh their styvei; and et),"
ty, latus, aceeiuuts hein
CI, A? i; .1
ht. 7;:11.61: fitegt Si ItS"
Willi. to 01.0. 15-41 ... .....

ef,- I N K-I LISUR v Fli utxs.l-2-%
of sex -o'clock; a•hntirrroectiN.,i "tad', itrilalittialich it 1°
reared will htetrforatlfd with' faT3l c'otsNide ees)7i'n drie
i'C.l6iurn''Frettit; wejothi-ng• ttit-N •%t' 'IV rt •s t. John'
behttyotrAutimi.crigithyitA;•Eilf..d Neetolis,Keull°
sc
'i rued AettV'aliove•tionYttb Iltiarre.l,atlies,,wvii Oyu. seconds;
on Posit4ol4. of 16 Parc!,
ell,tnt. • -Oti• 1111% ill.'lceTveditiS an ttku_
Hist a ball liiftgrold; atilt felt' -7,4l;;;;N:iliiir,O;Cd to•
;• , -And shook bands wall- tit;-,i,11-lit
,quit.ted; tp:
itto4d ftietids:" •Th-dinfiy:t.tip,Am.ifyier ,iviss
,uoved to a -cattragc•f, cbriti•yed To Ins Todi.g
kit ;let, Refter t's tic. • • ?He.
.arose 1!
dispul• d betling;"•bil"FaCtil-dy some
.td,. •-" '
•• • •
in ene vitinily lhV • is leered,
prove prrtalt

I

S M STY ad • EMPEROR -of
rt.& Ar::;TRIA .having A T TIM-USED and Gr A -
42A,Vt EEL) eveial HIs'FRIBUTIONS of INI.:)NEY
(zl,,alt they are NO LOTTEI-11E:S)
tig'ur many possibilitie of onrainintr.
LARGE FORTUNES,
BRINE BROTHERS, at HAMBURGH,
are .NOW SELLING SHARES for the said DISTRII3;7-
TIONS. Persons desirous to purehasi_!, may receive, P RE-
:10 US to giving any order, the PROSPECTUS and PAR-
TICULARS, upon aildrefim., WITHOUT DELAY, a line
to HEINE, BROTHERS, at HAMBUEGH. -
P. S.--TITE NE7T DISTRIBUTION contains
StVEN HUNDRED MONEY PORTIONS,
Amount.Mg to .1-.:i2,170 Sterling.
The Smallest Portion is £:7:0,
And the largest Portion I E 25,000.
.

ROYAL SURREY THEATRE.
The darieg feats' of the celebrated Van Amburgh in the New
. Historical Drama of " Mungo Parke," with his incomparable
Collection of Lions, Leopards, and Tigers, has already created
. 'he utmost astonishment—thousands have witnessed the woti •
&dui effects, and he will appear every evening till further
notice.

THIS EVENING, JULY 6.
Will he acted a New bran am Spectacle, entitled
MANGO PARKE ; OR, TIIV ARAB OF THE NIGER.
Keifa, the Arab, by Van Atrii,urgh, in which character he
will be attacked by a kopard and a tiger, and finally encounter
the whole herd in their dens.

.-. .
To Which will be added,
• - - THE WET NURSE.
To conclude with the New Village Tragedy: entitled
TIIE LIFE OF A WOMAN; OR, THE CURATE'S

DAUGHTER.

Realization of Hogarth's celebrated " Harlot's Progress."

ROYAL SURREY ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS.
THIRD WEEK, au' IvcRFASING ATTRACTION of
BEETHOVEN'S
tEXT Ft A ORDI NA a BATTLE SINFONIA ! !
' GRA-ND PROMENADES MUSICALES ET
CH AMPETRES,
By Godfrey's unrivalled Band.
T4e eait Panorana al Fresco of Iceland and its Volcanoes, by
• Nilson —Breaking up of the Ice—Melting tf the Snows—
Rpleale,and Departure of the Discovery Ship.
Carter's'atnniqhirro-" Koniaphostie," or " Lime Li2;l:t.
' -Eruptilm of Mount Hecla, &c.
"•• • • Every• onitay, Tuesday, and Thursday.
'Progratne of the-Concert for 'July 6th, 7th, and 9th.
OvarturesSerniramide, Zampa Waltzes—Die Kosenden,
Totter of Lendon (composed -expressly). Quadrilles--Krako-
-Valstat..• • •Aria—" Vi-i • tu," with Cornet obligato.
Quartetto-" Ah to o cara.". Pas des Amazones. The much-
admired Selection of popular Airs from " Robert le Diable,"
_prand March-L-Die Templar and die Juden. And
THE GRAND BATTLE SINFONIA,
. ' ?he chef d'ceuvre of Beethoven, '
Revived-with more than its original effect and grandeur.
ADMISSION ONE SHILLING.
Concert commences at Six.

..GREAT WIZARD OF THE NORTH
Will Perform ONE. WEEK MORE at his GRAND EA-
,SHIO,NABLE PALACE OF NECROMANCY, ST.
JAMES'S•HAZAAII, ST. P AMES'S-STREET. Every
.'Morning and Evening during the present week he will display
his -WONDERS of SCIEN Fine MAGIC vrl.ich he per.
formed for Seventeen Weeks at the Strand Theatre, and during
the last Month at the St. James's litdaar, before the first of
'Englifid's Nobility. Morning Performances every Day at. Two
'otflock, and every Evening at Eight o'Clock. Stalls, 3s. ;
Boxes,
.2s.

. -
TO CORRESPONDENTS.
:" W C."—We copied the paragraph in question from an Irish
_ _ pttpor. without attaching any credit to it.

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO.MORRON.V.
natnntes after 7. Evening -- (I minutes aster

The Publication of the Evening Edition of THE SUN dom-
mauled at 30 minutes after Three.

ea.
--P‘a
‘stetta ot". „Ai>

lA> '1:11.

- LONDON:
MONDAY, JULY 6, 1840.

growing cheap sugar by hired labour, the West Intilcs
afforded the singular facility of possessing immen c
cepi-
Hs ready for the purpose. Will it be believed in Jtcr
time, that the abolitionists, who had the deevst ir--
terest in the success of this experiment, and the G prern-
rnent, whose dutrit when yielding to the public
sentiment against slavery, to take care that slavery shou!d
not be promoted by British cmpncipation, actually con-
spired to prevent the capitalists of the West Indies from
obtaining plenty of labour for hire ? But it is idle to recal
yesterday except as a lesson for to-morrow. What should
have been done two years ago, may yet be done with effect
if undertaken vigorously. and systematically. The object
to keep steadily in view is the production of sugar in the
West Indies at less cost than anywhere else.
That is the panacea, produce sugar cheaper in
the West Indies than elsewhere. But how, philo-
sopher of the Press, how ? That you leave un •
explained. Introduce, it is said, free labourers.
But why have the West India proprietors not done
so ? There has been a conspiracy, it is said,
tween • the Government and the abolitionists to
prevent them. We believe that this is false. The
Government and the abolitionists did co. operate
for one year, to prevent Hill Coolies, but Hill
Coolies only, from being carried from Bengal
to the West Indies, because that was, as
is said, a new slave trade. But this year the
Government separated from its fellow con-
spirators, and was defeated by them in its at-
tempt to allow the importation of Hill Coolies.
In the interim the planters carried some Maltese
and some Hill Coolies to the West Indies, and for
five yews subsequent to the emancipation we are
not aware that any obstacle existed to their import-
ing free labourers, except indeed their own desire to
retain their own slave codes and slave treatment.
This was an insurmountable obstacle both to free
labourers going to the sugar colonies and to the
planters even wishing to carry them thither.
The planters were the conspirators and the
enemies to free labour. The whole of society in
those colonies is founded on a principle of slavery.
The condition of the majority of the labourers ne-
cessarily influences, if it do not wholly determine,
the condition of any individual labourer. What
could an agricultural labourer, for example, get in
Ireland but-a bare subsistenee of lumpers in return
for the more severe toil? What can any labourer get
in the West Indies, when all the soil is owned and
monopolised, if not occupied, but the wages and
the treatment of the slave ? The constitution of,

the country is framed by masters, the. code is for
slaves. These are the circumstances—and mainly
the condition of the society, prior to the emancipation
Act, which rendered it impossible for tree labour-
ers to go to the colonies to use the capital of the
slave masters, and made the slave masters not de-
sire to have free labourers except on terms which arc
synonimous with slavery. It is merely idle, there-
fore, to prate about having free labour in the colo-
nies. It amounts, when exatnined, to nothing
more than solemn gabble, mere fiction, like Boz's
tale of the " Curiosity Shop," but not so amusing.
There is sonic more solemn nonsense in the same
article. The writer carps at everything, and
equally condemns the silly sentiments of benevo-
lent fools, and the well- weighed deductions of
science. An adherence to the principles of free
trade is denounced as dangerous in legislation.
What does the solemn trifler mean ? Are his
crotchets, or the crotchets of the West Indian
planters, or the abominable errors of our fiscal sys-
tem more worthy of confidence than the noble system
of free trade, which requires the State not to inter-
fere with individual enterprize, and the employment
of the capital and industry of individuals ? To de-
cry free trade for the colonies is to decry it for
England, and the same reasons apply with equal
force to the abolition of the Corn-laws and the
sugar monopoly. We will answer the Colonial
• Gazette by a quotation from the Spectator, leav-
ing these two writers, if they be not one, to settle
the difference betwixt them.

The Quarterly Returns of the Revenue more tha n
answer our expectations. The increase on the year
i5147,453/.;Theincrease on the quarter is 211,6991.
It is pleasant to see that tin! Customs and Excise
:revenues, with the taxes, show steady and penile-
, *lent Increase, amounting:in the year to 825,0621.,
• she great decrease being is the amount of postage
:.558;0001. for the year, and 269,0001. for the
quarter:- There "bias. been a' great,' reduction of
taxation by the introduction-of the • uniform penny
Postage, butAltere has also: been, on_ the whole, a
considerable increase in the re-venue.
. With respect-to the postage, we believe the.facts
.to be that there is now a steady and progressive in-
crease,-but it does not quite equal the sanguine
expectations which were formed of the penny rate.
As great an increase, we understand, has taken
place in what may be called social letters, or letters
of affection and kindness, as was expected. So fat
the reduction of the postage will be an immense
bepefit .to the poorer classes ; but the increase in
. businesletters, tradesmen's circulars, &c., has not
corresponded to the evidence given before the Com-
mittee. Perhaps this is to be partly accounted for
by the rapidity of railway travelling, which very
often induces men of business to visit their corms-
poodents instead of writing to them ; but it is
clrefly caused, we apprehend, by the comparative
stagnation of business, which has co-existed with
the Rduction of the rates of postage. From every
market the report has been that the spring trade is
• . very slack. The circulation of the Bank of Eng-
land does not amount to 17,000,000/. ; it
.has only
a small quantity of gold in its coffers, and still keeps,
and has kept for some months, a tight screw on the
currency. Conn ry Joint Stock Banks are failing.
With the exception of railways, there is not much
enterprise in the country, and, on the whole, cir-
cumstances hare boot by no means favourable to
the success of the scheme of the uniform and re-
duced rate of postage.
We-arelound also to add, from our own experi-
ence, that there is as vet a great want in the facility
of sorting and distributing letters in the metropolis,
which deprieef; the great improvement of much of' its
utility. For example, letters that are hi ought to town
by the mid-day mails ate not delivered in the Strand
• till about five o'clock. Again, the early hour at
which the Pus'-office is closed, and which the
CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER stated a few
nights ago was not to be altered, is a considerable
iriconvemenee to the inhabi.ants of the metropolis,
and tends to diminish the advantage of the Post-
• office to the public, and the number of letters sent
by it. We hope, however, that the minor matters
cif arrangement will speedily be attended to, as we
are sure that by studying the public convenience,
• which the Government, if it means to carry on the
trade of the Post-office, must study, the revenue
will be increased.
. With respect to the general increase of the re-
venue we beg it may he always remembered that it
is the nautral and necessary consequence of the in-
crease of Cie people. Progress is social health, and
for society not to go forward is disease and death.
Having a commerce with all the world, being gene-
tally at peace, and having a multitude of colonies
that are continually creating an, additional demand
for our produce, and supplying us with commodities
in return, the wonder rs that the revenue does not
increase faster. D'.stress in our society is not caused
by coming to an actual ' still-stand—for that great
disaeter has not yet befallen us—but by the ratio of
• progress becoming less and - less, or slower and
• slower. The Corn-laws- have not wholly destroyed
t the springs of natural progress—they have only
much retarded its velocity : and because they are
less powerful than nature, their advocates find an
argument for continuing them in the little prosperity
they have been unable to destroy. Never was there
'a country which ought to make so rapid a progress
as England,- and the terlible mischief inflicted on
. • the public by aristocratic legislation can only be ap-
preciated by duly considering the vast elements cf
' tvealth with which the Almighty has .endowed our
people, and the poverty and misery to which hun-
dreds Of thou Sands are exposed.

• 7- •
Verily, says the Colonial Gazette, mere vntilnent is as
danger ous in legislation as the rigid adherence to the prin-
ciple, effree trade, which suggests the immediate and total
destruction of all the national wealth existing in the West
Indies. In this last point the free-trade men and the
Abolitionists agree. The one party by taking off the duty
on:slave-grown sugar, and the other by forbidding the ca-
pi:alists of the West indies to obtain free labour from
other countries, concur in affording encouragement to
slavery,

much injured men, --and If :en' enforcing payment
fiem their dettoi-s, whom they themselves c;Junot
reach. There is much to be said in fa.vour of this
vier( of the matter ; but at present we shall confine
ourselves to the expression of a hope that their
own countrymen will open their hearts and their
hands to their immediate and overwhelming dis-
tress. We perceive by a pamphlet which has been
sent to us, that the LORD MAYOR takes a deep
interest in the subscription, and we have no doubt
his influence will greatly promote it.

We refer our readers to an article which we
have copied horn the. IViltshire •Independeirt,
relative to the proceedings of a Church-tae
It appears that alter the most .unjustifia'ile
means had been used to procure a majority in
favour of the rate, by co.A (-ion, intimidation, and
the admission of unqualified persons to poll, the
pious Vicar of the parish, who acted as Chairma,t,
ex officio, refused a scrutiny of the votes ! This
refusal can admit of one interpretation, and one
only. It appears, however, to be as illegal as it
was arbitrary and unmannerly. - Nothing, we are
aware, like fair play, is to be expected from a
clerical chairman, when Church-rate is the subject
of discussion ; but we do not recollect an instance
of such shameless partiality as that of which this
Apostolic Vicar has been guilty. The matte? must
not be allowed to rest here. The important point
whether a scrutiny can be lawfully refused when
demanded, must be speedily settled, for if a reve-
rend chairman be invested with such a power, it is
clear that he has the means of laying a Church-rate
on the parishioners, whenever he pleases to summon
his unqualified vassals to the vestry.

We are glad to observe the favourable state of
the Revenue, as exhibited in the return of the first
quarter. A surplus of 200,000/., compared with
last year's corresponding quarter, when the . old
postage existed, and before the new taxes are come
into anything like full play, augurs well. The
CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER cannot now
make the finances a plea for delaying justice to the
poor sufferers for losses of ships and carooes in
Denmark, such as Captain HAYWOOD and others,
who. are anxiously awaiting Mr. CRESSWELL'S
motion. In fact, Budgets, as experience has shown,
are far from being any certain criterion of the re-
venue to he expected. For the last ter; years the
difference between the estimated and the actual
Revenue has fluctuated between 300,000/. and
1,500,0001., sometimes surplus, sometimes defi-
ciency. Thus, last year we had the disturbed
state
.of . the. money market, the commercial
embarrassment in the United States, the Chartist
disturbances, to account for a deficiency, whilst this
year we have reason to flatter ourselves with a sur-
plus. But how can Ministers talk of a want of
means, when they refuse to grant the slightest re-
lief to the country by admitting Foreign Sugars at
425. the cwt. instead of, as at present, 635. duty, and
by which, in addition to relieving the consumer by
so much from West India monopoly, a large revenue-
-would be derived. Again, why did we favour the
.Russians by lowering the duty on Hemp, from.
9s. 2d. to ld. the cwt. ? •A n additional 5 per cent.
on this last is. a mere farce, but a duty of twelve.
pence the cwt. on our import, like last year, of
995,217 cwt., would be an extra revenue of 43,021/.
It is not, however, on the score of finance, that
the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER defends
his opposition to the shipping claSs of claimants
for losses in Denmark—it is on what he calls his

principle.
1. That a portion of goods sold out of a Ship„
but not paid fdr, are to be compensated undei the

title of book debts.
2. That a second portion of goods which have
been landed frOm the same ship but not sold, arc
also to be compensated as goods on shore.
3. Th3t the remaining portion of the goods, toge-
ther with the -ship itself, as well as those ships and
cargoes seized in the rivers ajid close seas of the
Power-whom we have aggrieved, must pay the forfeit
of our aggression. This property is styled goods
afloat, and is not to be compensated, although that
aggression has brought millions to our Treasury.
We ask all merchants and shipowners, and par-
ticularly those of Po►tsmouth, whether this doctrine
of their Representative is founded on principle, or
is merely the result of dogged resistance to just
claims ?

to gedeali, which Will complete ii Fovisicning until
November 1." .

On the subject of the settlemcpt of the E :stern
question consequent upon the dismissal of KiiOSREW
l'AcitA, we find the foilowing article in the Co.;:stitu-
tionnel, thy; accredited and, in truth, only personal organ
ct M. THIER S

" A year has now elapsed since the diplomacy of Eu-
repo interfered in this dispute, and if we were to leave
the question to its care, another yerr would pass over
without its rnekine a single step. We must not. besides
dissimulate that the present uncertain state of things has
Leen wonderfully profitable to the policy of a Cabinet
which, under the mask of pacific intervention, has no mere
ardent desire than to envenom the dissension between
Egypt and the Porte, and to hasten a collision which
would shako what remains of the old Ottoman Power
to its foundations. Khosrew Paella, whether intention-
ally or not, was of great use to this Cabinet in its cal-
culations. His ' antipathy against Mehemet Ali was
known, and at his age men do not forget their hatred.
Mehemet Ali had demanded the dismissal of ltioarew
Pacha, but his demand was considered exorbitant, and
there was indeed some insolence in makieg it to the Sul-
tan through Khosrew himself. The Sublime Porte re-
jected it, and in doing so acted properly. It would have
disgraced itself by yielding to such a condition ; but
what it refused to the demands of the Pacha of Egypt
it has now conceded to the exigencies of its own po-
licy. The obstacle has disappeared without the dig-
nity of the Porte having been compromised. Toe
Viceroy CM treat with- the new Ministers, for he
knsws that they will consult the true interests of the
Ottoman empire, and are not under the influence
of personal hatred. The moderation of Mehemet
Ali will, we trust, remove all remaining obstacles.
This prodigious man, whose genius is still greater than
his good fortune, will not sacrifice the high and noble cha-
racter which he has acquired in Europe. He begins his
negotiations where others would have finished. 'As the
preliminary of a treaty he voluntarily surrenders the Turk-
ish fleet, which ho had S 3 energetically refused to give up
on the menaces of England. There is something in this
conduct so loyal and chivalric, that it appears to us im-
possible after such a preamble that the differences should
not be arranged, The Ottoman Cabinet is able to appre-
ciate such an act, and if it follows only its own impulses
it will respond,to it. • It has only to be on_ its guard against
certain counsels which have hitherto exercised so baneful
an influence over the affairs of the Porte."
We find it asserted in a Toulon Journal that an ar-
rangement bee be.en entered into by CABRERA for his
surrender to the French GrivernMent. The Carlist
is stated to have appointed the place where he
will cross the frontier, and lay down his arms. It is pot
improbable that CABRERA has sought to make some
et;ch arrangement, as be has only been prevented from
crossing the frontier for several weeks by ,the apprehen-
sion that he would be dealt with not as a.sOldier.er poli-
tied! refugee, but as a murderer, as he really is, and as
be richly deserves to be treated by the Government of
tne: murdered Legionites.
copTi
ehde
byre port tatita tpdthe 3
.I.lallez Times. While a part of the garrison of that
Russiansa
pe Papers
ahasv.eatuli.odsaty
.Afronnalpathies
fortress were 'scouring the country the Circassians sur-
prised the rest, and cut them to pieces, destroying all
the works.

We have the follo%ing letter from Toulon .of .Tur.e 29 :

- -
—" Tho night before hit M. Bois de Comte arrived post
from Paris, being sent on a mission to the north of Africa
Yesterday morning he received despatches by estafette,
and immediately embarked in the Acheron steamer, which
is gone to Algiers with the mail. The mission given to
M. Bois le Comte is kept secret ; some persons think it
relates to the speedy recal of Marshal Vallee; others
atlirm that he is merely the hearer of the list of promotions
jtht made in the army of Africa."—C...nstitutio»nel.
BO URSE.—PAtas, SATURDAY, JULY 4.
neit aiglieit Lo.west Last
Price Price. Priie Price
French 5 per Cents llB 70 ... 119 .., 118 :W... IN 90
3 per Cents B5 75 --., 85 93 ... 85 75 ... 85 95
~...,,,~k 0_ t i.,:ce
Lifitte Bank 1,0001. Si, llO5 —.1105 ...1103 "...no
5,000 f. Sh , 5:Z15- •••5235 . —5215 - „UAL;
V 25 ... 9:25 ... '.25 ... 0.5
ic•lgian !lank
5 ?er Cent,
:3 er Cents 76 95 ... 77 ... 76 90 ... 77
per Cents (hitch `2.1 Z,5 ... 5514 ... 55 .... 551;i
4 vanizti Ae,ive
Passive % ••• 6% ... t;:::. ... 6%
it's... 1'5% ... 105 ... :I.s±g
xv:Toliti'T..7 Dekrrel
******
10125 G 9 :..: 11E2 1
5 63 .... 11:! GO ::: lIIIi CO
'iornar '
. , RAILWAY SHAREa. ~
,t. Gerinai“
'ersailles. It. ..
13 :27 50 ~. 527 5c
~. 527.:0' .. 527 50
4.13. ........
523
__ ... 525
..52.•3 75 „. 525

bnESTRUCTIVE'

(F 1 A. CORREcPCNDENT.)
EXETER, JULY 5, 1540.

. .
A very (1,-structive fire broke out at- erctlitou, eight
miles to the north of Exeter, on Friday evening, which
ultimately consumed twenty-two houses. The filmes lure
'seen to issue from the back premise.; of Mr. Francis,
tannz.r, of East Town, and owing to the very dry weather
the fire ran along the thatch of the-surrounding. buildings
like wild-fire. An express was immediately sent off to
Exeter for the engines, and the West Middlesex arrived
iu thirty-five minutes. The exertions of-.the firemen, who
were z.:alously astisted by the inhabitants, soon extin-,
guished the flames, with the loss of six houses only at the
spot where it first broke out ; but about midnight on Fri-
day the flames burst out of a house situate some 100 yards
or more from the first scene of conflagration, but in the
dit colon of the wind, and before this could be exlinglished
fourteen, houses more were consumed. The houses were
mostly inhabited by labourers and mechanics, and much
distress will be experienced by them.-

THE IirIARKETS-(THIS DAY.)

CORN EXCHANGE.

The arrivals of Grain since Alonday last have been moderate.
The reports of the crops not being favourable, and some spe-
culative demand having again °centred, the best parcels of
Wheat were readily sold at 2.a.
_to 3s. per quarter, and other
sorts 2s. per quarter advance on last llondhy's terms: Bonded
Witrat was alsn 3s. per quarter dearer. In Barley Beans and
Pease little doing, but prices supported. A .fair demand for
Oats, and rather higher prices have been obtained. There was
a bettor trade for Flour than of late.

PRICES ON BOARD OF SFIP,

Wheat, Red (old) - —s.
White (old) —s. —s.
Red 1839) s,zs 6:14.
Fine
Superfine 70s. 725.
White (18:39) C 5;. tiSs.
70s. 745.
Superfine - ;es. 7745.
--Foreign free 60s. Sts.
Ryt 'ls. 40s.
Barley 303. 38.5.
-- Grinding "Os. 345.
Malting 18s. 425.
Malt .sds. tifis.
—_ Fine New 6ds. 7:s.
Peese, Grey, New 3tis. 3.15.
-- Maple New . :iOs. 445.
Whqc 4os,
Boilere 40s. 445.
ARRIVALS OF GAAIN IN LO
Wheat. - ti
Eitglish ..... 4,933
F. reign

-- - -- - ..
Beans, Small (new) 445.48 s
(old). ..... ...--/....E.
Tick (new) 'lBs 42..
told) 425.445.
---- !Jarrow (new).; • 42i.445.
(01d)....... 415.46 s
Brank
Oats, Feed
New 233.281.
Poland. ;-s.--s.
New .6" 303
Potatoe 313.335.
vew 3ls. :.335. •
Scotch 125.:145.
Irish 24i. ... 265.261.
Flour Town (per sack).... 533.62/.
---- Seconds 548.565.
--..... North Country 50s 52:.
Bran 115.121.
/ NDON DURING LAST NVT!:EK
tar ley. Oat.. 1 r ~.. 3'. '
642 yrs. 3,228 nrs, i 4,719 sat.ks
223 ' $,733 1 .
~948 ty,B2 ', I 2,630 rls.

SMITHFIELD. •
There was a moderate supply of Cattle of all descriptions, amt
the demand was tolerably active. The inferior sorts of Beef,
as also prime sorts, advanced 4d. per stone ; choice descriptions
of Mutton from 2d. to 4d., and the coarser sorts of Lamb full
4d. ; Veal' unaltered. Beef, 31. 4d. to 4s. Bd. ; Mutton; ;
-8(1.•tO ss. ; Lamb, ss. 4d. to 63.; Talc, i4s. to 5. Beasts,
2,363; Sheep.. and, Lambs, 25,400;-. Calves 4 196 ;. Pigs, 373.;
old hay, 3/. 103. to .4/. ISs. ; New ditto 3!. sa. to 4/..55. ; •
4/. Ios. to 61.; Straw, 365. to 425. per load.
PROVISION MARKET. •
• . .

A good business done in Irish butter at firm prieeß, 905. paid
for fine quality. Foreign was also higher, 965. to 933, for the
hest. Lard quiet at 635, per cwt._ Bacon firm at 545. per cwt.

POTATOE MARKET..
There was no alteration in the prices of Potatoes at the
Waterside Alarket. The supply Was small and everything of,
good quality readily commanded a sale..
• • HOP Al NRKET.:

The prices of all kinds of Hops have undergone -a very rapid
improvement, owing to the wretched accounts from the plan-
tations respect,ng the growth of the plant. Vermin is stated
to have made a more severe attack than for some years, and
from the appearance of the grounds'generally, the production
it is thought will be a small one. Many speculative purchases
have been made.

.TEA MARKET:
The prices of this commodity suffered' very • little alteration,
the value of Company's Congou for cash being 2s. Oid. per lb.
but the demand was trifling, and the tendency doWnward.
TALLOW MARKET:
The prices continue to be suppoited: P. Y. C. 'on the, spot
525. 6d. to 525. 9d., and for arrival 535. per cwt. • :

MONEY and CONINIEWCIAL. NEWS.

CITY, TWELVE 'O'CLOCK.

rieang • •

,itehausen to Thant] 477 !...0 ... 477 ZO 477 LO 417 513
••tr_ist)org to Bale . . 425 ... 425 122 50.... 422 b 0

Letters from Lerida, tbs.! bead quarters of, EspAit-
TERO, of the 25th ult., state that on the evening of the
preceding day, the two QUEENS of Spain, the INFANTA,
and their suite, arrived safely there on their way to
Barcelona. Their Majesties were received with great
pump by the army, and lodged in the Bishop's palace.
They were expected to resume their jlurney.on the 26th
ult., escorted for some distance by the General-in-Chief.

The Madrid journals received are of the 26th u:t.
The war was considered at. an end. On the Bourse
the Five-per-Cents. were at 25 for cash. • •

LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, SATURDAY,:—The trans-
actions in our Cotton Market to-day are 4,000 bags, at
steady prices. About 600 bags American have been taken
on speculation.

LIVERPOOL EIIARE LIST, JULY 4.-:—Birmingham and Glou-
cester 721 ; Derby, 89 ; Bristol and Exeter, 27,t; Chester
an(i. ;BirkonlieLd New Shares, l 4; Eastern Counties, 151;
Grai djuhction, 251; Great Western, 17.} premium ; Lon.;
don and Biimingham, 18 ; London and Brighton United,
18A. ; North Midland, 99. Scarcely 'any buyers offering.
The-market, generally, is dull, and a fair amount of stock
to be had at a shadebelow the quotation:7.
(From the Penang Price Current of 'April 5.)
Lori° CLOTH. —The market remains dull.

The Spectator, however, says—
" It "halt been repeatedly demonstrated, that the only
way to make a nation permanently wealthy is to leave in-
dustry and commercial enterprise to find their natural
channels; • unchecked by phibitions, undistracted by
bounties and privileges. It lios been repeatedly demon-
strated, that the frcinuan ales* is capable of becoming a
moral being in -the high inch:rue sense of the word ; and
that nations of freemen alone can be strong and happy.
The great cardinal principles of the free-traders and the
anti-slavers are estahlishCd beyond dispute ; they arc al-
ready the theoretical creed of nations, end arc on the way
to become their practical creed also. If the practical ap-
plication of one or other seemed productive of evil—if the
enforcement of the one seemed incompatible with that of
the other—the business of legislators, worthy of the
name, would have been to have sow.tht out the mistake in
tl.e mode of application or enforcement in which the evil
and the incompatibility had their origin—not to argue in,
favour of ,abandoning one or other or both of such infalli-
ble. guides in political action."
We agree with the Spectator, and we deny. for
the frea traders chat they aff,,rd, or by their system
would J afford, encouragement to slavery. But
even the Spectator thinks the colonists
would be injured by losing the monopoly of the
sugar market. If that were so, why should the ma-
jority of the people of England have an injury in-
llicted on them to protect the few sugar planters ?
That is contrary to the principle of governing for
the majority. They have had a bounty from us for
years, and the Spectator says it would be an injury
to withdra•,v it. That is substituting a crochet of
the. Spectator for the principle of free trade. which
is worth nothing if it cannot he acted on. The free
traders are quite- willing that the planter should
get laboUrers where he pleases, but they make no
pretensions to ensuring him supplies of labour to keep
up the profit of his capital. That would be an in-
terference they repudiate.
The writes in the Colonial Gazette tells us that
the present system is kept up by a bounty of
4,000,0001. a year levied on the people of this
country, and that sugar is only cultivated in our
West Indies with a view to get this bounty. Now not
one sixpence of that bounty goes to encourage free
labour. It never reaches the pockets of the labourers.
It is wholly seized and appropriated by the land-
owners and the cap►talists of the West Indies. Be-
cause they have been endowed with that bounty,
they have cared nothing for free -labour. If free
trade had been forced on them, including, of course,
a perfect freedom on their part to procure free la-
bourers wherever they could, they would have
been compelled before now to put an end to
their slave codes, to change the principles of
their society, and so to procure sugar in the West
Indies at a less cost than elsewhere.
In conclusion, we must say that an article of
mere solemn prctenc3, and more real unmeaning-
ness, of greater promise and less performance, of
more parade and less substance, we have not often
met with in these days of pompous charlatan erie
than the article in the Colonial Gazette. The
Press is by no means free from this vice of society,
and " How to save the West Indies and abolish
Negro Slavery' i 3 a memorably exemple of it.

CAmnkics —Some small inquiries, but no transactiois
reported.,
I.URKEY RED CLOTIL—Stout ,qttalides of good, colour
inquired after.
HANDKERCHIEFS —Considerable Stock in the market.
\YoOLLENS. —Spanish stripes, middling fine qualities, in
demand.
SIICS re.tortecl.

BRANDY..--Nelle in Market.

GlN.—Prices have risen 12 to• 2 &Alan per case, and
inquired after:
WINES AND BEER.—The market i$ nearly bare of the
latter•in wood, and that in bottle has been enhanced about
1 (lonat per dozen above late prices ; of the former the
market 11113 a limited supply, and three is every likelihood
of a rise shortly.
BOTTLES AND CoflKS.—The market is supplied.
EXCHANGES ON LONDON —Navy and Treasury bills, 3
and 30 days, no transactions. Private bills, three months,
at 4s. sd. ; six months, 4s. 6,1: ofroring. Calcutta Go-
vernment Ticasury bills open, Rs per 100; China par.

Parliamentary Electors in Cities and Boroughs, enti
tied under the Reform Act, will lose their votes for the
next year, unless they pay on or before.the,oth day of
July ail the poor's rates (and window tax, it any) paya-
ble from them in respect of their premises previously
to the 6:11 day of April. Country voters must send in
their claims on or before the 20th day of July.
MR. GOULBURN AND CHURCH EXTENSION.—WC
see by an erratum to the Division Lists of the House
01 Commons, that Mr. Goulburn voted for Si'r Robert
lnglis's motion, though his name was omitted from the
Lists. We thought the Right Hon. Gentleman could
not have neglected to support the bigot extortion•iihieh
is so dear to his heart. . . .
..„
Tux .CORN-Laws AND EMIGRATION..—‘VO are not
such diligent readers of the Soriik ihistrakau
,!,record,ls to be master of " the incontrovertible facts . and
statements" by which- it has proved that" the repeal of
the Corn-laws would not provide both remunerating
employment and subsistence for our people ;" but our
" monstrous assertion," as the I?ecord calls it, that the
repeal of the Corn-laws would provide. both, scarcely
needs any proof. At present there is an abundance of
corn and flour in America which would be brought
here but for our Corn-laws, and more would be
annually g,rolsn to bring here. That
.would be a
subsistence for our people, and they would find
remunerating employment in making commodities
to buy that corn. What is true of the United States
is true of almost every other country, and there would
he no end, we believe, to an extension of our trade
tieding both food and remunerating employment for
our people, were one mischievous restriction donestway
with after another, beginning with the torn laws. If
any objection be made on -,the, score of our machinery
supplying the wants of other nations, we reply that this
machinery is not
,separable from our people—.=it is bat
another name for their skill, and is the means of cheaply
providing for their wants. Far from considering our
and f
assertion monstrous, we hold it to he strictly true,
though on that account we are net enemies to emigra-
• !inn. We want both, if people choose to eraigrate
we want the repeal of the Corn-laws fire' butoremost,
d
''
because that is demanded by astice, and would be
. J
expedient.
A fete, an extensive scale, is to be hel on
Ftiti!".y next at Beulah Spa, in aid of the Benevolent
Fund of the Literary Association of the Friends of
Poland, As a matter of entertainment, the fete itself
promises to be attractive enough, but it is upon far
higher ground than mere amusement, however delight-
ful and refined, that we are induced to solicit for this
tiTort of the Association the patronage of the benevo-
lent public. The funds of the Society are in a very
low state, whilst the e!ahns upon them are many and
urgent, and are in several instances accompanied by
circumstances literally hetirt.reridin. It is true that
the Government grant to the Polish refugees has been
this year enlarged, so as to include all those who ar-
rived in this country previously to 1.838. But since
btivatl etiao,
eoiile without t any
Englealni choice
rbrenienigr
that, a great number have been driven out of Froriee
and Switzerland, at the instance of the Russian Em-
bassy, and many others haveeith t,abentiecien
penn'vless, and ,utter-
ious
condition here is pitiable in the extreme.
left to thaenmd
y,:ars of hopeless
utter-
ly
sorrow,h destitute,o 117
a ndignorantbthr:k
broken
oitu rinl
downga en
ilgy,
twit, they are landed upon (kr shores without friend
oe introduction, and with this peculiar hardship, that
there is no diplomatic representative of their nation, to
whom, like all other foreigners, they could apply for
counsel and protetion. In this respect, certainly, the
Literary Associatron,.to some extent, supplies. the place
of a Polish Embassy,' and
the unfortunate men and
noble rank, having
women, mostly of beijged their way,
in an unknown language, and through a strange
land, from Dover or Plymouth, ti. the metro-
polis, receive from this little band
,of gentle-
men that prompt. relief and fraternal adince
which foreigners from every
from their' own- Ambassador.: .'We- do not know the•
exact number (but it is considerable) of those who have
arrived here, under such circumstances, since 1838, and
whoare wholly do-iiencleatfer support upon the
.now nearly.
exhausted funds of the Society. I3ut notwithstanding the
praiseworthy excitions ofhose gentlemen, the sufferings
which are daily witnessed amongst the refugees—even
amongst those who participate in the Parliamentary
grant—through grief, ill-health,. and insufficient suste-
nance,imploring
• warrant- us in the countenance and
surt of the benevolent, fur this attempt to raise the
means of mitigating them• other
restless
ensed:.
ewpseosi expelled
rrsef
ercoci

Letters and Papers from Lisbon, of the 29th ult.,
have been received by the 7apeirs steamer, which
arrived on Friday night at Falmouth, from the
Mediterranean. Count DE VILLA REAL, the
Secretary for Foreign Affairs, had resigned, in con-
sequence of a misunderstanding with Senhor
SEABRA, a Chartist Deputy. It was rumoured
that the Count's resignation was the triumph of a
plot of the Chartists for driving all the Constitu-
tionalists out of the Cabinet. There remain but
Count BoMFIN and Senhor COSTA CABRAL,
men undoubtedly of talent and high moral cha-
racter, but by no means able, as the Chamber of
Deputies is at present constituted, to maintain their
places for any length of -time, in despite of the in-
trigues- of their colleagues. The Chartists, or Con-
servative party, in Portugal have, by a series of
deep-laid intrigues, and the countenance of the
KING and -QUEEN, completely recovered the
ground from which the proclamation of the Consti•
tution drove
.them three years ago. Acting always
in concert they managed gradually and impercep-
tibly to gain a political ascendancy over the Consti-
tutionalists, who were more than ten times as nu-
merous, but whose indolent reliance upon their
own strength made them treat the idea of possible
danger as ridiculous.
The Portuguese Government was engaged form-
ing a commercial treaty between Portugal and the
United States. The American Minister, Mr.
K AVANAGII, who was about to sail for New
York, delayed his departure for three weeks, that
he mght have a copy of the proposed treaty to sub-
mit to the Government at ‘Vashington. England
and the English are still unpopular themes at Lis•
bon, but the fear of giving the English a di:srelish
of Portuguese wines, has stopped the bellowing of
the more sensible even among the mob. The wine
growers, afraid that the commercial treaty between
England and France would be signed before the
just indignation of this country was appeased, were
employing underhand means to prevail upon the
Cabinet to open a correspondence with the MEL-
BOURNE Ministry on the subject of a new treaty,
and not to stick about a trifle in securing the best
market in the world for the produce of the vintage
of Portugal.
On the 24th al:. the KING and QUEEN, and
Prince ERNEST of Saxe Cobtirg Gotha, were pre-
sent at Bull fights at Alhamdra.. More than 3,000
spectators attended. Their MAJEsalEs•were welt
received by the populace. On ,the li7th prince
ERNEST and suite departed for Cadiz, whence he
will make the tour of Italy.

A mail has arrived from Lisbon by the Tagus—sailecton
the 29th June, from Gibraltar 25th June, Cadiz 26th June,
Oporto 30Lb June, ar.d Vigo Ist July.

• • THE FVMDS.•
The'favoarable statee-of tbeinevenue. as shown by the
Quarterly Return; has improved the British market, which
at' present Continucsfirm.

Dutch and German Papers of the latest dates
have just reached us. The following, paragraphs
from them include all the :•:cws they contain of any

onsols, which. left t.ff on Saturday at 92k, buyers fo'r,
the opening, may be quoted.at present 921 R ; Exchequer
1311. s one shilling higher, 27 29 prem. ; India Bonds, 1 4
prom ; Bank Stock, 173 174.
In the Foreign Market Spanish Active, which left off
on Saturday at 26:1- 27-1.1-, opened the same ; Deferred,
14 i; Passive, 6K i; Portuguese as they left. off, 35
Torce per Cents., 231; Colombian, 271 ; Mexican, 30,
32; Brazilian, 771 781 : Dutch Two-and-a-Half per
Cents., 53';';-,; Five per Cents., 1.02-
&iares—Real del Monte, 4 5 ; Greet Western Railway
38A-39; premium; London and Brighton 74 6 discount;
Lliwkwall lit 21 prem. ; Birmingham 97 99 premium;
Sotrhampton 60 61 par share ; Croydon 1Q 121- per
share; Greenwich 81 91 per share; Manchester and
Birmingham 9 7 discount.

interest: •
AMSTERDAM. JULY I.—We are happy to be able to
confirm what We lately stated respecting the appointment
of M. Rochusaen to the post of Minister of Finance. We
sincerely congratulate the Government and the country on
th7s appointment. —Hande/sblad, July 2.
Tus HAGUE, JUNE 30. —Mr. Rocbusien, who is ap-
pointed Minister of Finance, set out yesterday for Paris.
It is said that he will be absent a very short time.
JULY L-His Majesty has been pleased to appo'nt
Count W. A. W., of Limburg-Stirum, Member of the
States of South Holland, to be a Member of the Furst
Chamber of the States General.
Bois LE Due, JULY 2.—The Provincial Tribunal of
North Holland has this morning passed sentence-of death
on W. SAnmpers, Simon Verstiegb, and .I,:ne Brocks,
convicted of having been guilty of arson last.year, In the
commune of Sprang. .

PRICES OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK,
dank Stock
3 per Cent. Red 9214 Ditto Bonds
3 per Cents. Con.
per Cent.
Limo Red ......... 1001-t
New 31:per Cent.
New 5 per Cent.
Blink Long • -

**** 5 pm.
102 A

.nnuitics to expire
..t. 5, 1860... 13 13-16&
Oct. 10,1859. ...13 11-16
Jan. 5,1869. ...13A 9-16
Jan. 5,1880.
April 5, 1880.
Jan. 5, 1870.
FOREIGN FUNDS THIS

Austrian Bonds
Belgian Bonds 104; 5
Ditto Account
Brazilian Bonds
Ditto Account
ilue-nos Ayres I3onds —
Ditto Account
Chilian Bonds ...
Ditto Account
Columbian Bonds

• -
tiv Ditto
3 per Cent. Ann. 1751
Exch. 8i115,1,000/. 29 31 pm.
Ditto ..—.. 500/. 28 31 pm.
Ditto Small
Ditto Commercial
Ditto Advertised pm.
Bank Stock for Acct
India Stock for Acct —
Consols for Acet 92
).1Y AT ONE O'CLOCK.

Peruvian Bond, ...
Ditto Account
Portuguese Bonds
Ditto New Bonds
Ditto Account
Ditto, 3 per Cent
Ditto Account
Prussian Bonds
Riissian Bonds, 1822
Ditto Account

Ditto Account.
Columbian Bonds, 1824
Ditto Account 273
Danish Bonds ......
Ditto Account
Greek Bonds ...

Ditto Metallic —
Spanish Bonds ..... 27A
Ditto Account ... 27; 7
Passive
Deferrod
French,s per cent_ —f„

Ditto Bonds, 1825
Ditto Account — 3 per cent... —f.
Mexicanßonds,s per cent Exchange... —f. —c.
Ditto Acc0unt........: Dutch, 2,1 j per cent ... 531
Ditto,6 per Cent...... Ditto Account
Ditto Account .. Ditto, 5 per cent 10241;
Neapolitan — Ditto Account
PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAY AT ONE.
R. s. d. R. s. d. R. s. d.
RAILWAYS. Paid. Per Share.
Eastern Counties
Great Western - to 104
London and Brighton
London and Birmingham 90 lB 7
Manchester and Leeds - -60
Ditto New Shares 4)5
North Midland - 93
Ditto New
PRICES OF IRISH STOCKS, DUBLIN, JULY 4.
3 per Cent. Consols
Three and Half Stock 998.i Grand Canal 5t0ck......... 191
Ditto Reduced ...... I Ditto Debs. 6 per cent...
Ditto New, 1830 ......100A Ditto 4 per cent . 60
3 pei Cent. Debs..
, . HALF-PAST •PN E.
•„
Consols at present may be, quoted at 92-4 for the, open-
ing a 'Reduced, 92;,1; Exchequei.Bd.s improved, 29_30 28'
31 prem. ; India Bonds also,sprern. ; Bank Stock 173 i t.
In the Foreign Market Spanisl3 Active, 27 ; Deferred,
12. ; Passive 61. ; Portuguese 35,3,-; Colombian, 271 ;
Mexican,-331; DutchTvve-and-a-1-lalf per Cents. 53 ;
Five per Cents. 102,1 f 4.
Little doing in the Share Market. Great Western,. 104:-
.104 ; London and llrighton, 271 ; Lon lon and Birmißg-
haul, 187 ; Manchester and Leeds, 86 87.
The private letters by the .Dutch Mail state that the
new Minister of Finances is in high estimation there, and
; upon his appointment the Dutch Funds have improved.-
-

In Cur advertising columns will 'be found a,
appeal to the pnblic sympathy in behalf of the
Brnish auxiliaries who were lately in the service of
thetQueena of SPAIN and PORTUGAL, and who
arc now, it is too well known, reduced to a state of
the greatest destitution. The services which these
brave men rendered to the Sovereigns of the Pen-
insula, it is acknowledged on all hands, were of the
. Tire Coloti/a/Vozette has an article, entitled Lear first importance. In Portugal they actually
i''.lllnfe' tii' save the West Indies . and abOlish• pled the crown upon the Quw!N'4 had, and it
Negro. Skvery.7 . It. has been recommentlid to is at least
_do. übtful whetl
er. the crown of Spain
.
public notice by insertion in a Morning Journal; would have rerriained On the head of IsA.BELLA
and; nrithirPriserit cirennistances, with such a title,. II: without their assistance. •And how have they,
is extientely ,attractive.. The ,West Indies nbw• been reWarded ? They have been. defrauded—
east us at least 4,000,000/• a-year, independently' we use the word advisedly—of their -death's .
The Paris Journals. 'of Frida sand Salturday have
of the interest on 20,000,000/, which we paid for earned pay, and left either to starve or to de-
been duly received, but their contents '
tehsesainteretstsf
inn- than we were prepared to expect froarnre
emancipation. The continuance of negro slavery, vend upon the charity of the humane for that subsis-.
political affair; in the French capital in. the early part ofo
considering the expense -of expeditions to Africa, truce which thcS could
.have procured for themselves
tniXed Commission Courts, men-of-war to watch :had they met with justice horn those to whom tkey
appeAred in
.the Moniteur, and from the tenor of the
the week. The 'Teal of Marshal Vallee.has not yet
staverg, of interrupted trade with countries where have been benefactors. All that they have receivsd
wounds. The return for their blood shed in the l'oufllFovvrid.nagy,teitlegwroatlpildliendpeDsep4artet.taptubtillieshel
4dt
ein campaigntli a.lo ur nhaalss
Jackson
slavery prevails, &c., costs us at least the half or 'is
cause of 'loyalty is goyal in.gratitude. Neglect,
4,000,000/. a- ear. and how negro slavery mi4ht
THE WILL 4;F THE LATE DUKE OF Bgp-
MA been altogether so destitute of favourable results as
be abolislied, and 6.000,0001 a-yeir saved to the it not insult, has been awarded them in abundance.
OF LO1? A, a° n--.'
.7`-lie• -- - ..s. tis with -regret
Under these unfortunate citeumstances they the correspondents of the .French Journals in Africa
DEATH
otfht.luntialb,Aolivo•endvaeynrable peer. r °RD.—The mill of: the Most Noble -John :Duke of Bedford
It-ratio, is, both on account •of beautiful 'humanity
apileal.
to t!ta
pub 4 for suiflorrrroemblirciii.lsgtei,asnrgv:titioz: won.. -
t taken ill
and advantageous economy, a theme most woithy, 4! TOAQN, JULY 1 . HALF-PAST 5 P.M. 'Ahas
rejust
hb,etpen of proved
C ailte
burritt tyhien,
DProecrtoogr_V Prerogative- Crnooumgrt, -bof y ttliilee
i‘Lioursitt
of the public attention. We looked, accordingly, be adequate 4. TENIAII DE MOUZAIA, JUNE 27.. nhLaoverdtsohiapn,nwohunocv%tzhoeudeantu
I:ave been in attendance
to keepadoptitice_dm
• • tvith impatience down the column for the promised until means can be . "MARSHAL VALLEE TO-THE MINIS FEE OF WAR. • last, expired
at half,past seven last eveni If al Noble Francis Duke,of Bedford, formerly the illarquis.of Ta-
Is mansion in St. James s•
pisnaeett ;we found a cold and empty criticism pf Governments of Spam an.tflll:tritetnlo.troatiattekr::ictlf, " I have, scat a'conve.y,.frT
._l:2,.dLes.h
,to Al ilia.na, which
; has completed the provision' gof tuat place until Nevem.. 'it
li
li
(31'i i's
,I ..le)r°clestl 19i Doctors
vistock, son of the deceased. The personal property of the
• the past—a great show of mighty wisdom after the •Oiaiuo, a rot 1.0 4 4".(COSe 0j . ._ 0 t!nTihul. Noble Duke is sworn unde or •Lord ihn Russell r -ao,oooi. ~ e
..re-
I her 1. The convoy waS commanded
,try. Colonel Char.- last gave no hopes oc-his • ..
mut—and a recommeniation that what had not Governments is out of the question. It has been •! gamier. Abd-el- Kader made an attempt to oppose i recoverV. eeives a legacy of 50,000/. The late lamented Lord William
been done in past times might ❑now be done : suggested that. the British Government, from the' rharch with 6 STATE OF TRADE.—The
,000 horse and 2,500 foot, but the Emir con,. -,,,- •,' • in I , ~ , Russell (vvho is also a legatee under the will) whose
hosieryme:an-
trade In choly end by the hands of an assassin has created such an'ex.
When the sunply of slave labour was taken away, says , encouragement which it gave to the enlistment and plerely fail d.. . We lost very few of our men in this exr.e.
• Nottingham is a most t epresse, state, and 1t s i 1
Zaaifuite.
, ..s ‘ orf ay traordinary sensation throughout:the country, was one of the
` --t4 several manufacturers stopped apart of
the sage, a supply of free ►labour should have seen aiurd; flUipment of the auxiliaries, is morally hound to see di:ion, . AlOatia is in an excellent state of defence.. 1 .bane Rei•iew. their frames.—Notting- executors, with Lord George William Russell, but the latter
•,, , ed. The masters, bring dap of their slaves, should; •
list lf panel sit days at Media -• it dam the absence Colonel
j lee done to them and ouoht to take upon its, .... 0 , of 'lt is stated that Thomas For ell Buxtnn, Esq
, renounced his trust. The wail is extremely one,
being
,nia con-
ic. their new character of capitalt.ds, have been allowed,— - . , Changaruter. The defensive 'works_arc.. nearly finished. ' •.' tamed in nearly 70 sheets of brief paper.—ltritago
the •gohlration whim
attaches to the Peninsular They ~. , , f Massif, is to he created a barcnet ; a tribute to untiring zeal in the.' ' COAL IN BRITISII AMERIIt ha's been
not fo say encouraged—to procure labour f9i hire from 'r, ermaace the greatest part 0 the by which - great cause of Philanthropy, joined Withexemplary
every accessible sourite. For a trial of thc possibility of Governments, by satisfying the just claims of iliese this :place s_ surrounded. I am akout to stud a COavy personal ascertained, by survey,. that New, Brunswick is one of the
worth, which will give general satisfaction..
•- •...._• . , • • ..-...k.- . . ... •• • . richest coal districts in the world.
