Tuesday, June 12.

.- -
Mr. Slaney—Motion on the subject of the alteration of the
law relating to the employment of the able-bodied
Poor. Wednesday, June 13.
Mr. Robert Gordon—Select Committee, to inquire into
the number and state of Pauper Lunatics confined
at the instance of the different parishes within the
County of Middlesex, during the last three years;
distinguishing the numbers confined in each house of
reception.

Thursday, June 14.
Mr. Edward Davenport--Select Committee to inquire
into the causes of the severe distress which has af-
flicted the Commercial and Industrious classes of the
Community during the last and present years.

The Yacht Club are preparing to assemble at
their old quarters in the Southampton River and
the Isle of Wight. Several new yachts have
been built during the winter by young Noble-
men, who have joined the club this season for
the first time. We percieve a broom is hoisted
on the mast of the Scorpion yacht, a distinguished
favourite, we suppose for sale, in consequence of
the noble owner becoming a member of the Go-
vernment, and being therefore obliged to relin-
quish his aquatic excursions.
THE ENTERPRISE.--This vessel is to be
unlocked to-day, having been fitted with a false
keel, and had a piece joined to ,the bottom of
her rudder. We have conversed with some of
her officers, who state that they are now per-
fectly satisfied with her capabilities as a sea-
boat, and that she is excellently adapted to the
service for which she is intended. It appears
that her not answering to her helm, was entirely
owing to the shortness of the rudder. The En-
terprise is flat-bottomed, and when she was
taken in tow by the Columbine, off Scilly, she
was two feet deeper at the bow than at the stern;
consequently the rudder was lifted nearly out of
the water, and became useless. We regret to
say that much insubordination exists on board
the Enterprise. Many complaints have been
made at our Town-Hall by the crew, against
the officers, but, with one exception, the charges
haye been dismissed by the Magistrate#,,m
DempQrt lickgraph Sqturfiay,

LONDON,
.MONDAY EVENING, MAY 28, 1827.

We have received an Express, with the Coats
Autlientique of Saturday : 5 per Cents. 100 E
65c.; 3 per Cents. 70f. 65c. This rise was the
cause by the favourable reception of Lora
GRANVILLE.

The Morning Post has lately become a veil
lively paper, and has this day put forth an article
full of fun and humour. It is headed ,4 Anti'
cipation," but of the pleasures of anticipation one
is cruelly deprived by reading in the very next line
that it is an " account of the proceedings of the ll°
Club to be held this day." We should have satisfied
ourselves with selfishly enjoying in private this
rich treat of refined irony, had it not been Or
that portion of it which is calculated to convey
to the readers of that journal, an erroneous
impression regarding the opinions of the,
two highest Personages in the realm--'e
Sovereign on the Throne, and the gei''
Presumptive—on the subject of Catholic Ewan' ,
cipation. The facetious writer of this article
makes Mr. CANNING address the Meeting in s
style of impassioned eloquence wonderfully
m.ilar to what we could fancy coming from the
lips of the Right Hon. Gentleman ; but the pall,
with which the writer is evidently most pleased?
(from his affixing incessant cheers) is where'
Mr. CANNING is made to say, with some hale
alliteration, that his MAJESTY will never eon"
sent to the concession of a single privilege to the
Roman Catholics.

It is not for us to imitate others in impertinen
statements respecting opinions which nothing •
but a gross breach of privilege can induee
Duke or Bishop to divulge, though he should be
acquainted with them. But though fully aware 110
delicate the subject is, we cannot suffer injury In e
cause which we have so much at heart, without
giving our idea of the probable state of the
Royal Mind on this subject, founding
hypothesis on no pretended information respect'
ing what passes in the sacred privacy of audience°,
granted to subjects, but on a knowledge of "thy
Royal Character (familiar to .a 11), distinguished
as it is for cultivated talent, a knoWledge of the ,
Constitution of his kingdoms, and a sincere ef"
fection for his people.

We will admit, for the sake of argument, that,
his MAJESTY has not hitherto, expresso'
himself favourable to the Catholic Claims. M
in his own Royal Person, a third part of thQ ,
legislature, and consequently holding the high
privilege of a veto on the acts of the other,'
two branches, we humbly express our opiniom
that the KING has acted with perfect wis;
dom in the course which he has adopted, 91'
that he would be fully justified in exercising
that veto, did Mr. CANNING or any other`
Minister rashly take it up as a pstg.
question, and force the Bill through the
two Houses. His MAJESTY, we repeat it.°
would be justified in refusing his Royal asse
and would be borne out in so doing by the opt'
pions of his people, the majority of wh°
(leaving out as the Orangemen do, only 0f
third) are not disposed yet to admit seven 10114
lions of Catholics to the privileges of the SW'
We think them mad on this subject, and shenle.
fully deluded, through the artifices that NO
been practised on them by wicked and inter
ested individuals. But even their prejudice
and weaknesses must be respected by the
SOVEREIGN, and until a change has heels
effected by fair means (of which, till n°/!:
there has been no chance from the bovnti
offered to bigotry), we say, that it would be most
unreasonable to expect the SOVEREIGN, eVell
if favourably disposed, to expose himself to tilt
storm which would inevitably burst on his Roy
head, raised and directed by miscreants who not(
profess themselves the exclusive friends of she
State.

But the case being altered alters the case!
and if that question so dear to all but the selfigm''''
-°_,l
thet og
hope cruel,give
epe it will,
i t fair o r
play t h e
underbya Government deluded,n ot
interfering with'
gains, ground,
we reeor )
then we think that a Bill passed by Iscl
majorities in both Houses, and popular
the nation, would come before the Sovereign r:f
a very different shape, and that Ma 1V1AJE91,,,,,
would joyfully accede to a plan by n'it;f
he would secure the eternal gratitude eye°
millions yet unborn.
But here our very ingenious anticiPst:r'
being fairly exhausted with writing a se
for Mr. CANNING, fails in inventing °,
for Lord HOLLAND, and so he makes his lic'fJile
ship read an extract from a Morning paper,
presume the Morning Post) by which it n 0 he
appear that at the Goldsmiths' dinner, on
bat Duke and King" being given as a toast, bat
Duke of CLARENCE said emphaticaill,
his sentiments, with respect to that toast, were.
perfect unison with those of GEoRGE
Our Readers will perceive, that in our paler
his Royal. Highness only expressed his n
attachment to the KING and Constitution
•
Church and State. We sincerely believe ;A tO
be the case, but cannot put on it the constru%
•
tin which the Orangemen do. Do they e 1

ome to say that, those who do not wish to cv
press Ireland are less friends than they to 'the.
Church and King ? And where will their inso-
lence end? Do they want to exclude Protes-
tants also from the Constitution, if they are not
bigots ? 'We believe in our hearts that they
"uld if they could. Indeed there is nothing
too mean, selfish, and wicked, for some of that
party to be guilty of.
We cannot, however, conclude without ex-
pressing a hope, that the Duke of CLARENCE
bl 5 Will duly appreciate the intention of entrapping
Royal Highness, by extending his meaning
beyond what his words imply, and thus endea-
vouring to create a dilemma, of which they will
take due advantage. But the example of his
Sovereign points out a course which his Royal
Highness cannot be offended at our pronouncing
w°rtily of imitation. Caution and steadiness are
the duty of those who hold a balance.

The French Papers of Friday, and the Etoile
dated Saturday, have been received. Their news
from Spain and Portugal is not so recent as
what we have received through a more direct
channel. They however confirm the reports of
continual desertion among the Spanish troops,
which must increase in proportion as the inte-
rests of their country are better understood by
the soldiery and appreciated by the people. No.
thing but the most artful delusion could keep up
the present state of things in that devoted coun-
,q• But the promises of delusion must acce-
'trate the destruction of the deluders, when the
Pe°Ple perceive the grossness of the falsehoods
fraeti4ed upon them -by those to whom they
C:d tip not only as their political guides,
sP,iiitual counsellors. Despotism, unlike
• er vices, admits no rival near its throne, and
Fhence the exertions both secret and manifest which
EIthINAND has used to destroy the Constitution
to Pl:ktugal• Ho feels that there can be no
the
InPtomise between freedom and slavery, and as
mexistence of his own power depends upon
esuccess of the Portuguese Constitution, no
alls) however disgraceful—no promises, bow-
el:, treacherous, are left untried to accomplish
ts diabolical designs. But luckily for humanity,
ahi ePois of tyrants are not always in a willing mood,
titpisTAND has yet to learn hew far the
thePatlish army will agree with him in perpetuating
4,41,•
Perfidious rule of the Apostolicals. They e hitherto laboured to degrade their country
itil°l4t enriching, themselves, and as there is only
eP between serving the oppressor and becom-
Itie the avenger of the oppressed—FxßDlNAND
1141011 day be attonished to hear a great por-
ti c),f, army singing the " Constitutional
,»
to the march of liberty.
IThe. accounts from Greece are every day more
‘l°lYll.lg with promise of great events to the
''red cause of Grecian Independence. The
.0:•
€llanimous COCHRANE has already achieved
most arduous •
of his victories—the recon-
eniellt of Rival Chiefs and mutinous bands ;
has turned the bickerings of jealous power
the patriot tide of mutual exertion, and
U!tandard of liberty will now be borne
till) by hearts whose chief glory will be
e salvation of their country. Unanimity only
1/8 essential to ensure success, and the Greeks,
strong in the justice of their cause, will have
tjt ins to fear when directed by the inspiriting
nelPtize of COCHRANE on the Ocean, and
elll'ened by the judicious experience of
iirntelf on the classic land of their forefathers.
p Turks are making great exertions, but the
thl'eoklellit, Campaign promises to be a proud one for
-uluependence of Greece.
p-rdxtracts will be found in another column.
1141Exesc Purina, MAT 26. Five per Cents. 100 f. 30e. ;
Nel„,,Y" Cents. 70f. 40c. ; Bank Stock, 2,022 f. 50c. ,
4.,`"ztaa, 77f. 65c. ; Spanish Loan (1823) Sq.—Ex-
/4g. °ll London—One month, paper, 25f. 1
11 251; 25f. 4 ~
1)10 eY, oc. ; Three months, paper, 21f. 27 c. •
q) 2sc.

e received this morning Frankfort Papers
to
the 22d inst., and Brussels to the 27th.
e latter are filled with accounts of the pro-
-1448 of the war in Batavia, up the 27th of
4,411241. ' By accounts from Smyrna, it would
ry ear that Lord COCHRANE has commenced
o
i'e4tic'lls, by the capture of four Turkish
vessels
Navarino, and seized a fifth from
p "44'14, laden with provisions for IBRAxtM
iThe
Porte 'is said to be fulfilling part of the
oePtliati°n3 entered into at Akermann, but we
hZt much doubt the fact. The Turks only
e e treaties with the intention of breaking
foreln* The SULTAN owns no law but that of
e---and those who would treat with him, had
17 er. use farce in the outset, and make the sti-
-4'44l°ns afterwards. The sword alone has
°Vence to convince his Sublimity :

x.b.
BRUSSELS, MAY 25.
A .'re have received the journals of Batavia to the 27th
4111111:YY, Which contain very long reports respecting the
recent„i,t,,, "litarY operations, of which the following is the
substance
''-'4/4110 Wagon) had collected a large force to
revenge himself on
tsitted and marchec
Nlangko de Niagrat, for having sub-
gainst him on the Ist January, but
Colonel Cleerens
/4.'14.1 him near .Goening Taming, de-
Teated him after an otkatmate
engagement, notwithstanding
iniperiority of numbers, his force being
en, and Alangko
,000 men.--
two. It if§ said that Diepo N oro comman-
ded ie.. and that his vau-s,srd eg •d of ,00
person,
.-- consiste i
Meats.

, A cor ps of 1,000 insurgents has made an incursion into
'tobolingo, and another body is stationed in t
to drive
Desna of
oening
went on the
Pringo. Major Van der w. yck
18th to Kaliehenja, away the enemy from that
116ehbourhood, and will be succeeded by Major de Leuw.
All ( , tranquil at Djocjocarta. Lieutenant General De
14°e5 ) in wa,
two reports on his operations and those of Major
the e I.iivr gives account of some advantages gained over
rebel' an
s.-.
14 Badjan the force of the rebels increases to such a de-
IF5e, that Lieutenant de Bruin who commands in the bent-
Let of esingosaree, informs the Lieutenant-General that he
i",,Z attacked on the Bth by a numerous corps; the enemy
,nt repulsdp again attacked with above 1000 men, but
•Wala-,z;e disDersed with a cannon shot. On the 9th the enemy,
burnts 2000 strong. attacked the garrison of Sajem and
same dessas
Were and the building near the benting. They
rePulsed with considerable loss.
en-1. the 10th the son of Diepo Negoro, with a
14. of
tier , 1500 or 2000 men, appeared in the dis-
alui of I(aliaboe, where they committed some excesses
b Were' dispersed by Colonel Cleerens. Probolingo
em. .
With allitin tbzeatened by Diepo Negoro, Colonel Cleerens,
i;th,„"(l%lajors de Leuw and Van der Wyck, will go thither
eeeitheir forces. These Journals say, " We learn from
celtta, ..that Sulta,n, Sepoe will merry two of hie
1, ughter6 in the course of this month ; one, whose nanie is "ank__," Timor, to the natural son of Prince Pekoe Alam,
"auk
Pangeeng SceTco 'sling Prez& ax 4 hp second,

Ratoe Jessie, to the Regent. These marriages w;11
strengthen the bond of union between the Sultan and his

Provisiotis are very dear at Djocjocarta, notwithstanding
the arrival of considerable supplies : the picol of rice cost
six dollars. Several vessels, with troops on board, had
arrived at Batavia.

M. de Coninck, formerly Minister for Foreign Affairs,
died on the 22d of this month, at Bruges, his native city.
The following article is in the Courrier du Leman.
" Lord Cochrane has landed in the Peloponnesus, having
first caused himself to be acknowleged as a Greek citizen.
He had entered Navarino, where he found six Turkish ves-
sels, four of which he captured, and afterwards seeing
another which came from Alexandria, laden with provisions
for Ibrahim Pacha, he took possession of it immediately."
(Extract from the Oriental Spectator. )

SMYRNA, ♦PRIL 13.

We learn from Constantinople, that the Divan has be-
gun to carry into execution the principal articles of the
treaty of Akermann ; and that the best understanding pre-
vails between the Porte and the Russian Legation. This
state of things is highly agreeable to the numerous popula-
tion of the capital.—For this last fortnight the most dread-
ful weather has been experienced in the Archipelago. The
Victorieur French corvette has been obliged to cut its
cable. Here the temperature has varied in the most extra-
ordinary manner : it was as if several seasons succeeded
each other in the course of the day. In the morning and
evening it is very cold, but the vegetation, however, is
flourishing, and promises ample crops.

Dutch Papers to the 27th inst., and Ham-
burgh to the 24th, have just been received. The
following are extracts :

BRUNSWICK, MAY 18.

A Proclamation has been published here, in which his
Highness the Duke announces that, though in his Letters
Patent, issued the 30th October,lB23, he had not touched
on the question how far the Ordinances, &c., issued
by the Government during his minority were to be
considered as binding on himself and his subjects,
the time is now come to regulate a matter of such im-
portance, and as it cannot be doubted that such ordi-
nances, &c. are binding only so far as they do not vio-
late the well acquired rights of sovereignty or property, and
also, that according to the ancient laws and conventions,
his Highness was of age at the age of eighteen, and con-
sequently, all the Ordinances, &c. issued during the ille-
gally prolonged Government, from 30th October 1822,
to 30th October 1823, requite his special approbation to
have legal force, he hereby signifies his will, and though
he has ordered all the Ordinances, &c. issued by the Go-
vernment during his minority to be observed, he reserves
to himself the right of taking them into further considera-
tion, for the purpose of seeing how far they are consistent,
with the good of Lis subjects.

BERLIN, MAY 19.

Their Royal Highnesses Prince and Princess Frederick
of the Netherlands, arrived here yesterday, and also the
Hereditary Grand Duke and Duchess of Mecklenburg
Schwerin.

The great Spring Reviews, and the approaching mar-
riage of Prince Charles, have attracted a great concourse
of strangers to this capital.
FROM THE WESER, MAY ]6.

The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will honour Pyr-
mont with a visit this year, and have already bespoke for
the month of July, the same residenceas last year.

AMSTIRDAM, MAY 23.

On the 25th of May, in the afternoon, Mr. Joseph
Wolff will deliver a discourse in German, in the Lecture
Room of the Athenum, in which he will give an account
of the present state of the Jews in Palestine, Syria, Meso-
potamia, and Persia.

By the Belvidere, Captain Hobson, Charleston Couriers
to the sth instant, have been received at the North and
South American Coffee House. The following are some

SHIPPING INTtLLMENCE—(THIS bAY.)

that the parer of etelusion from a Coroner's Court was
necessary to the due administration of justice, and there-
fore that the plaintiff could not maintain an action against
the Coroner, for the exercise of a power with which the
law invested him. In conclusion, the Court referred to
the case of Hammond v. the Recorder of London, where
the Foreman of a Jury was imprisoned by the Recorder;
and yet the Court of Common Pleas maintained that no
action could lie, as the Recorder had acted, however im-
properly, in his judicial situation.

MEETING OF SPANISH BONDHOLDERS.

(THIS DAY.)

A very numerous Meeting of the holders of Spanish
Bonds, was held this day, at the City of London Tavern,
to consider what steps they shall take in the present condi-
tion of these Bonds.

Mr. YouNo called on the gentleman who called the
Meeting to come forward and state his object, when they
would immediately proceed to business. _ _

The convener oi'die Meeting (Mr. Spratt, of Canterbury)
said he felt compelled, by the adverse circumstances in
which he, as a Bondholder, was placed, to bring them
together, coolly and temperately to discuss the plan which
they should adopt—it was to prepare and present some Re-
solutions on .the subject, to the Charge d'Affaires cf his
Catholic Majesty in London.—(Hear.)—The British cha-
racter had been always founded upon the strictest principles
of integrity and good commercial faith. The gentleman
proceeded to read a series of Resolutions, which he had
drawn up, and which contained his opinions as to the course
of conduct which he would recommend to be adopted.
Mr. YouNa took the Chair—Although only interested
in the old bonds, he yet acceded to their call to preside at
this Meeting. There existed no pretext on the part of the
Spanish Government to deny the obligation of either the
old or new bonds ; it had been his intention this day, if lie
were not called to the chair, to move a resolution calling
on the British Government to interfere with Spain in their
behalf ; if the Spanish Government owed British mer-
chants for contracts, they would be compelled to pay. At
the time those bonds were formed, Ferdinand had Minis-
ters from all the European nations at his Court.

A BONDHOLDER thought, as long as the French re-
mained in Spain they would never be paid one penny ; and
it was therefore the duty of the Bondholders to call on our
Government to interfere with M. de Villele, to induce the
French Government to withdraw their troops.
Mr. SPRATT said, • the object of his Resolutions would
have left all the circumstances now broached to future
consideration. He would move the appointment of a
Committee to inquire into the whole matter, to make a
claim on the Spanish Government, to refer to the con-
tractor, and ascertain what he meant to do.

The Resolutions were then read.
The first alluded to the non-payment of the 7th dividend,
and declared that it was the duty of this meeting to submit
to the King of Spain, a remonstrance on the subject, and
point out the just consequences, political and moral, of a
further refusal on the part of the Government of that
country, a discussion arose on the adoption in the resolu-
tion of the word "humble" several of the bondholders,
expressing their opinion that it ought to be left out, and a
motion to that effect was proposed, but subsequently with-
drawn. The first resolution was then adopted as the foun-
dation of their proceedings. The second resolution was
one disclaiming all political motives, and stating that the
loans were sanctioned by all the forms ;of legitimate go-
vernment. (A conversation arose as to whether the
latter part of the motion should stand mixing up both the
loans, which certainly stood on distinct grounds.)
Mr. SPRATT thought these distinctions should come from
the Spanish Government when they were applied to.
Mr. PARRER, a Spanish Refugee, Aid de Camp to
General Valdez, thought there was no distinction be-
tween the loans, as to the right of payment on the
part of the Spanish Government. They are all equally
right and lawful, and it would be undoubtedly best
to make au application on the entire unbroken subject.

A GENTLEMAN adverted to the conduct of Oliver Crom-
well, at the time the French Government endeavoured to
play a similar trick on British merchants ; he sent his crui-
sers out, who took the French ships, and paid the merchants
out of the proceeds.—(l-lear.)—A bondholder, we want
such a man of deeds, not words, at present.---(Hear. )
The Resolutions were ultimately adopted.
