the Corn Laws, tvhich stood for Thursday, the 3d of
March, till after the question of Reform should be disposed
4*, not wishing to embarrass that question. The Hon.
Member presented a petition from manufacturers, traders,
shopkeepers, and others, of Ashton-under-Line, against
the Truck System,
Mr. P. TIIOAISON presented a petition from Folke-
stone, in favour of Reform in Parliament.
Lord HOWICK presented a petition from Sunderland
for the Abolition of Negro Slavery, and gave notice for
Friday of a Bill relative to the affairs of Canada.
Lord EBRINGTON presented several petitions
against negro slavery ; also a petition from Bohermore,,in
the county of Galway, for an extension of the Galway
franchise, and a petition from Tramore, in the county
of Waterford, praying that the funds granted for the pro-
'notion of education in Ireland be no longer confided to
the management of the Kildare-street Society.
Mr. BLOUNT gave notice for Friday of a Bill to alter
and amend the double laud tax assessment. •

Mr. RICE presented a petition for an extension of the
Galway franchise, and moved for various accounts con-
nected with the income and expenditure of the United
Kingdom of Great Ihitain and Ireland in the years 1830
and /131/, of Exchequer Bills issued, and of payments
to be made by the East India Company as half-pay to
the forces in India.

Mr. Alderman THOMPSON presented a petition from
the Alderturn, Common Council, and inhabitants of the
ward of Farringdon Within, for a repeal of the coal duty,
and expressed his concurrence in the prayer of the petition.
Mr. HUNT hoped that the restrictions and regulations
imposed upon coal through the medium of the corporation
of London would be done away with.

Mr. Alderman THOMPSON said a gill was about to
be brought in to remove many of the restrictions and ex-
penses at present imposed upon coal brought into the port
of London.

Mr. O'GORMAN MAHON presented a petition from
Protestant inhabitants of the parish of Ballindooley, in the
county of Galway, for an extension of the Galway fran-
chise. The Hon. Member toll( occasion to ohs;rve that
he found it impossible to approve of some of the recent acts
of the Irish Government—acts, which had n (laced the
country to a state more alarming than gentlemen in that
House could have any notion of. He gave notice of his
intention to move, te-morrow, for copies of proclamations
issued by Lords Lieutenant of Ireland since the passing of
the Act for the suppression of illegal meetings and associa-
tions ; also for a copy of the letter addressed by the present
chief Secretary for Ireland to the magistracy on the subject.
Mr. RICE ebserved that his Right Hon. Friend, the
chief Secretary for Ireland, would not be in his place to-
morrow, and requested the Hon. Member for Clare to
postpone his notice till his Right Hon. Friend's arrival.
Mr. O'GORMAN MAHON had no desire to do any
thing calculated to militate against the chief secretary for
Ireland, especially in the Right Hon. Gentleman's absence;
nevertheless, he thought it incumbent upon him not to lose
a single moment in pressing upon the House the frightful
condition of Ireland ; the rather, as the people of this
country appeared as ignorant of its affairs as of the state of
Kintschatka.

Mr. SLANEY gave notice of his intention to move, on
the 21th of March, for the appointment of a Select Com-
mittee to consider the necessity of securing open spaces in
the immediate vicinity of large and populous towns fitted
to preserve health and afford means of exercise to the
working classes.--Adjourned at Ttu o'clock.
