BOWES V. FIRNIE.

His LORDSHIP was engaged the remainder of the day in
his private room with the arguments on this case.

VICE-CHANCERY.-(THIS DAY.)

IMPORTANT PETITION IN CONSEQUENCE OF THE ABOLITION

OF SLAVERY IN THE WEST INDIAN COLONIES.
NEATE V. PINK.

This case came before the Court upon the petition of
Mr. Horsley Palmer, the consignee of an estate in Jamaica,
praying that the Court would order a certain sum to be
paid to him out of the funds in Court, in order that he
might be enabled to meet bills which had been drawn upon
him by the managers of the estate in Jamaica. The pre-
sent application had become necessary, in consequence of
the total abolition of slavery in the West India Colonies,
rendering it imperative that the daily expenditure of the
Colonies should be met, and the negroes paid, in order to
afford to them the necessaries of life.

Mr. TURNER opposed the application on the ground that
the proper course would be for the consignee to send out
the money himself, and repay his advances by the proceeds
that might conic to his hands.

- The VICE-CHANCELLOR said the general course was
for the consignee to go on making advances, and repaying
himself, and when he had a balance due to him far which
lie trembled, then he presented a petition praying to be
discharged as consignee.
Mr. BURGE, who appeared on behalf of the petitioner,
said if Mr. Palmer had known at the time he paid the
fund into Court, part of
.which he now sought to be paid
out, that the abolition of slavery would have been made
complete in all the British 'West India possessions, he
would probably have hesitated before he paid that money into
Court. He trusted that the Court would not withhold
its assent to the present application, otherwise the negroes
might refuse to work, because in truth there would be no
person or means to pay them their wages. The result of
such a proceeding might be attended with great mischief,
and might prejudice a great public measure in the cause of
humanity in the eyes of surrounding countries.
His HoNoun thought the better course would be to
provide for the sudden contingency that had now arisen
for the first time, instead of allowing time to elapse or
quibbling about who should or should not be the consignee.
He would therefore make the order asked by the petition ;
and if Mr. Turner's clients were dissatisfied with Mr. H.
Palmer they might present a petition. If the money was ad-
vanced out of the fund in Court, when the proceeds were re-
ceived from the next crop the amount might be easily replaced.
His Honour would therefore make the order, being
satisfied it would not prejudice Mr. Turner's client.

BALDWIN V. THE SOCIETY FOR THE DIFFUSION OF USEFUL

KNOWLEDGE.

Mr. WYGRAM then proceeded with his opening of the
motion in this case, the object of which was to obtain an
injunction to restrain the defendants from publishing certain
maps, and had not concluded when our reporter left. We
refrain from going further into the case until it shall have
been more fully heard.
