George IV., the friend and patron of Universal Edu-
cation, who, after the example of'-his Rev. and
Royal Father, seems also to wish that" every child
should be tangh..to read the With respect
my Lord, to the,,itoble;Metropolitati Establishments
to which khavO.,just-referred, we• would cordially
and- iky iztly AY, -tney,'their foundations be as itn-
perishable as the granite rock of the North—may
their rivalry stimulate the exertions, and chasten and
regulate the zeal of both, to bless more extensively
and permanently " the great body of the people;"
and soon4-=very soon—may the common, grave
of- slavery, of ignorance, of superstition, and
of bigotry, be covered.over for ever.—(Applause.)
It is impaSsible, my Lord; not to advert without
lively emotion, to the-- circumstance of our being
honoured with your Lonlship'spresence on this oc-
casion. -It was fit, indeed, that the Committee of
an Institution constituted as this,Society is, should
have looked to some friend of universal education to
lay the foundation-StOne of their- establishment:
But it would have been thought by them to have
been presumptuous to have solicited your Lordship's
distinguished patronage of a merely local institution;
were it not that in thk instance we particularly feel
it to be inseparably connected with those principles
of civil and religious liberty which have so long been
identified with your Lordship's family, and which
have lately received all but their final consummation
under. your Lordship's personal influenee,wisdorn,and
exertion., Under stich auspices, we desire this day to
las broader and firmer, in our own minds, anti in this
impoi•tant part of the empire, the foundation of those
principles which are at once the Royal and the Na-
tional inheritance of our country ; an inheritance
commensurate only with the eAltie of life, and with
which the name of Russell will be associated, white
England shall remain, and till religious liberty be
consummated in everlasting bliss. I will not detain
your Lordship and this assembly by any antieipa
tions of- the*probable.results of this day's labour, al
though it would he a subject of most delightful re
&aim,. I move " that the night Hon. Lord :./
Russell be President of this Institution.".
(Applause.)

Mr. ISAAC BASS seconded the proposition, Wow
being carried by acclamation,

His LORDSHIP returned thanks. It is glorious
to defend our independence—it is glorious that our
fleets and armies have never been defeated nor dis-
graced; but it •is more glorious to reflect that in
more than one instance, and in more than one age,
we have contribute& to enlighten mankind. Mili-
tary and naval glory other nations may. have partici-
pated, but the glory of having achieved mental con-
quests is Great Britain's alone.—(Applause.)—His
Lordship sat down amidst enthusiastic applause, and
the meeting broke up.
