A HIGHLY VALUABLE INVESTMENT.

Immediate possession may be had, under a proper ar.
rangement.

. Slay be view,d by applying to Mr. Ashdown, at the
Boarding School-house, Forest-hill, of whom particulars
may: be had ; at the Bull, Peckham ; Golden Lion, Sy-
denham ; Red Lion, Lewisham and Camberwell ; Green
Alan, Blackheath ; Nag's Head, Borough ; of John Platt,
Esq., Solicitor, Clement's-lane, Lombard-street ; of
Messrs. Currie, Horne, and Woodgate, Solicitors, Lin-
coln's-inn ;at Garraway's ; and of Mr. Reid, No. 170,
Regent-street, where a Plan of the Estate may be seen.

NAVY-OFFICE, APRIL 4, 1832.
/TM E RIGHT HONOURABLE THE
LORDS COMMISSIONERS OF HIS MA-

JESTY'S TREASURY, having appointed Money for
the PAYMENT OF HALF-PAY TO SEA OF-
FICERS, from the let of January to the 31st of March,
1832, according to his Majesty's Establishment in that
:behalf : These ate to give Notice that the several Payments
hill begin to he made at the Pay-Office, by the Treasurer
of his Majesty's Navy, at Ten o'Clock in the Morning on
the following Days, viz.
On the 16th, 17th, and 18th of April, to Admirals,
Captains, and their Attornies.
LOn the 19th, 23rd, 24th, 25th, and 26th of Apt il, to
ieutenants and Chaplains, and their Attornies.
On the 27th and 30th of April, to Masters, Surgeons,
and Pursers and their Attornies.
After which, the Lists will be recalled the first and third
Wednesday in every Month, that all Persons may then,
and there, attend to receive what may become payable to
them ; and bring with them an Affidavit as required by
Order in Council of 30th July, 1819, the Forms of
which were published in an Advertisement from this
Office, dated 16th September, 1819, and may be procured
at the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy ; and in case
any of the said Officers should uotite able to attend them-
selves, hut employ Attornies for that purpose, the said
Attornies are to produce similar affidavits from the per
sow: they are employed by.
Where Officers are Abroad on leave, their Agents are
to produce attested Copies of such Leave, before the Ilalf-
pay can be paid.
" And as by Act of Parliament passed in the 35th year
of his late Majesty's Reign, entituled, " An Act for esta-
blishing a more easy and expeditious method for the Pay-
ment of Officers belonging to his Majesty's Navy," it is
enacted by the 20th clause of the said Act, " That if any
Commissioned or Warrant Naval Officer, who shall be en-
titled to receive Half-pay, and shall be desirous to receive
and be paid the same, at or near the Place of his Resi
dence, be may apply Li the Treasurer of his Majesty's
Navy in London, to have such Half- pay paid at or near
the Place of his Residence, &c., in the manner pointed out
by the said Act." And by a further Act nassed in the
56th year of his late Majesty's reign, entituled, " An Act
for enabling the Officer, in his Majesty's Navy and their
Representatives to draw for and reef ive their Half-pay," it
is enacted by the Ist and 3d Clauses of the said Act,
" That if any Offi.-ier in his Majesty's Navy, who shall be
entitled to receive any -urn of money for or on account of his
Half-pay, shall be desirous of drawing a Bill of Exchange
for the sante, upon the Commissioners of his Al..jt sty's
Navy, instead of receiving the same by Remittance Bi:1,
he shall signify such desire, by Letter to the Treasurer of
his Majesty's Navy ; and that if any Officer in his Majesty's
Navy who shah be entitled to receive any sum of Money
f•?!. or on account of Half pay, shall be desirous of having
hi dear-piss i;,:(1 to him by Extract, at any of his Ala
Jesty's Dock Ytirtl;, Where- ciets for :he payment of
Wages for the Navy shall reeide, instead Of reiTiving the
same by Remittance Bill or Bill of Exchanke, he is ,o ap-
ply either to the proper Clerk at the Navy Pay-cffice
nt
London, or at the Pay Office at such Dock Yard, signifying
such his desire." N, tice is hereby further given, that the
Half-pay ending the 31st of March, will commence
an paying
on the 16th of April, and all Persons desirous
of dr;it
for, or of having their
Half- ig
pay remitted to them, may
apply as above directed.
G. SMITH,
MM.-Bali of Exchange drawn under or by virtue of
the Act shove recited, are not liable to the Stamp Duty.
No persons residing out of his Majesty's Dominions are
entitled to the privileges of this Act,

THE QUESTION OF NEGRO SLAVERY

CONSIDERED.

(From the Liverpool Albion.)

In our present article we purpose to give some
statistical information relative to the slave co-
lonies, their population, and the various classes
of which that population is composed.
The colonies, twenty in all, are of two descrip-
tions, the Grown colonies and the Chartered
colonies. The former, six in number, viz.,
Beibice, the Cape of Good Hope, Demerara,
Mauritius, St. Lucia and Trinidad, are directly
subject to the British crown, and receive their
orders from the King in council, through the
medium of the local authorities appointed by
him. The case of Honduras is anomalous.
The chartered colonies, thirteen in number, hate
each a legislature of its own, consisting of a go-
vernor and council, appointed by the King, and
an assembly chosen by the white proprietors.
These legislatures have the power of making
laws, which are in force when approved by the
governor, though not established, permanently,
till they receive the assent of the King of Great
Britain.• The latter colonies are Antigua, Ba-
hama, Barbados, Bermuda, Dominica, Granada,
Montserrat, Nevis, St. Christopher's, St. Vin-
cent's, Tobago, and Tortola.
The whole population of all the colonies
amounts to upwards of one million, consisting of
about 108,000 whites, 144,000 free blacks and
persons of colour, and 813,000 slaves.

- The following table will give at one view the
proportions of the three classes in each of the
colonies respectively :

CROWN COLONIES.

Slaves. Free Blacks. Whites. Total.
Cape of Good 1-lope 35,500 29,1100 43,000 107,500
St. Lucia 13 5OO 4,000 1,100 18,600
Demerara 70,000 6,000 3,000 79,000
Berbice 01 OOO 1,000 COO 5:2,600
Trinidad 23,000 16,100 3,500 42,500
Mauritius 76,000 15,100 8,000 99,118)
Honduras

241 ,450

'74,900

59,500 375,8.50

CHARTERED COLONIES.
Slaves. Free Blacks, &c. Whites. Total.
Jamaica `331,1'00 40,000 15,000 386,001
Grenada 24,500 3,700 80) 29,000
Bermuda
Bahamas
Tortola 5,400 600 800 6,800
St. Christopher's 19,500 2,500 1,81,0 23,800
Antigua 30,0010 4,500 2,000 36,500
Montserrat 6,000 700 500 7,200
Dominica 14,500 3,600 800 18,900
Ilarhado's Bl,OOO 5,000 15,000 10!,001
St. Vincent's 21,500 2,000 1,300 26,800
Tobago 12,700 1,000 350 14,250
Nevis

571,25 U 68,900 48,650 688,800
The proportion between the several classes in
this numerical statement may have been, in a
trifling degree, altered by the recent enactment
already alluded to, by which the crown slaves in
the several colonies have been at once enfran-

cldsed.
It may not be uninteresting to add, although
not strictly connected with our subject, the num-
ber of free blacks and persons of colour in some
other countries. The number in Cuba amou►►ts
to 150,000 ; in Guadaloupe 71,000, besides
94,000 slaves and 12,000 wh;tes ; the free blacks
of Sierra Leone are about 25,000, while the

black population of' Hayti amount to about one
million. Brazil has 600,000 free blacks, and
the United States 233,000. The number of
slaves in the latter is estimated at 1,538,000
The total number of free blacks and persons of
colour, in our own colonies and the places just
mentioned, will be 2,157,800.
The free blacks, in our colonies, are such as
had their freedom either bequeathed or given to
them by humane proprietors, or who have found
means to purchase it, or who are the descendants
of those who had obtained their freedom in some
of these ways. We have already stated, that the
free black population in the Crown Colonies
have, by recent enactments of the British legisla-
ture, been raised, as to civil rights, to a par with
the whites. In the Chartered Colonies, however,
they are still subjected to many disabilities ; many
invidious and galling distinctions, between their
condition and that of the whites, still exist. They
are still debarred, for instance, from sitting on
juries, or from filling the lowest civil or military
office.

To convey to our readers some general idea
of the character and condition of this interest-
ing portion of our colonial population, we will
just glance at the state of things in a few of the
colonies respectively. Among the 40,000 free
blacks who are found in Jamaica, and who out-
number the whites by three to one, no disturb-
ance has ever arisen. They are peaceable and
' loyal, and are daily irwreasing in number, in
wealth, and in respectability. They have been
armed and drilled for military service, and form
the efficient militia force of the colony. Tha
they have never abused such privileges is mani-
fest from the public admission of a Committee
of the Legislative Assembly of Jamaica,
1824, who stated, that " their conduct evinced
a warm interest in the welfare of the colony, and
every way identified them with those who are the
most zealous promoters of its internal security."
In Trinidad, also, they constitute the main force
of the local militia. The official reports from
that colony assert, that no funds have been there
raised for the support of the poor, or, in other
words, that no pauperism exists in Trinidad.
Half the property in the colony is estimated to
be in the hands of the free blacks. In Grenada
a resolution was adopted by its assembly, in
1823, that the free coloured inhabitants are a

respectable, well-behaved class of the commu-
nity, were possessed of considerable property,
old were entitled to have their claims to an
equal participation of civil rights viewed with
favour.

We adduce these facts as specimens of what
may, we believe, with equal correctness, be pre-
dicated respecting the free coloured population
in all our colonies. While on this point, and
which, as being decisive as to the good conduct
of negroes in a liberated state, we consider of rlo
small importance, as bearing upon the question
of emancipation generally, we may be excused
if we cite one or two instances to the same ef-
fect, in countries not our own. Dr. Walsh, in
describing the 600,000 enfranchised persons,
Africans, or their descendants in Brazil, states,
that they are generally industrious and well con-
ducted, and that they compose, indiscriminately,
different orders of the community, such as mer-
chants, farmers, doctors, lawyers, priests, and
officers of different ranks. Every town in the
interior, he adds, has regiments composed of
them. Their. services to the community have
been such as to have disposed the whites tc: en-
tertain the idea of making free their whole negro
population.

In Mexico, Mr. Ward, its envoy, in making
a report to the English Government states, that
its extensive plantations of sugar and coffee are
worked by gangs of emancipated negroes, and
who have been voluntarily enfranchised by their
owners. They are hired chiefly by the piece in
carrying on cultivation, and particularly that of
sugar. Mr. Ward observes, " the most remark-
able circumstances in this case are, the total
abolition of slavery (in September, 1829) in a
district where such a mass of colonial fruits is
produced, and the success with which the intro-
duction of free labour (as a substitute) has been
attended."

Other foreign countries might be appealed to
for similar evidence ; but we think we have said
enough on this head to convince our readers,
that the free black population of our colonies
and elsewhere are among the most orderly and
useful members of their respective cornmunities
Two points connected with this subject are espe-
cially worthy of notice. First, that it does not
appear that in a single instance, where any given
number of slaves has been at once enfranchised,
any evil consequences—any disorderly conduct on
their part, has resulted from such emancipation.
Secondly, that when made free, they experience
no difficulty in subsisting creditably by the pro-
ceeds of their own exertions. The following
curious fact illustrates and confirms this latter
position. From a return made to Parliament,
in 1826, relative to pauperism in Jamaica, it
appeared, that, in the white population of
15,000, there were 300 paupers, while among
the free black and coloured classes, amounting to
40,000, only 150 paupers were found, being in
the proportion, according to their respective
numbers, of only one rnanumized to six white
paupers ! We leave the reader to draw his own

inferences from a circumstance so singular.
The slaves may be divided into two classes-
1. The domestic slave, who is employed about
his master's house or person, at what time and
with what remuneration and food he pleases to
grant, and who, generally speaking, is punish-
able at his will. Those who have trade, pay
their owners a stipulated sum per week, month,
or otherwise, and have the surplus earnings, but
which, as to its amount, depends entirely on the
will of the master.

2. The predial or field slaves, who are em-
ployed in the various kinds of field labour, after-
wards to be described. These constitute
about four-fifths of the whole number of slaves
in our colonies, and their situation is attended
with privations and hardships of a much more
formidable kind than those experienced by the
other class. To this difference of treatment it

. _
is owing that superficial observers of slavery,
whose information has seldom extended beyond
the precincts of the towns on the coasts of the
various colonies, where domestic slavery only is
witnessed, have so often concurred in represent-
ing the system as one of comparative happiness,
as a state rather to be envied than pitied.
It was our intention, in the present article, to
have touched on the subject of the gradual di-
minution of population among the slaves in our
colonies, We are prepared to show, that, while
that of the free blacks, as well as of the slaves
participating in good treatment, has invariably
increased, the population of the slaves has de-
creased in a ratio corresponding with the hard-
ships to which they are subjected. This topic,
however, on acco int of the length to which these
remarks have extended, must, for the present,
be deferred. Enough has been advanced to
prove, that, at least, the condition of the free
population is decidedly preferable to one of ab-
ject, hopeless slavery ; and that in the case of
the negroes and their descendants, as in that of
every other class of mankind, the stimulus of
personal profit and individual acquisition is found
sufficient to excite them to the exertion of that
degree of industry and effort requisite to support
themselves and their families respectably, and to
contribute their quota to the general advantage
of the common weal,

R. J.

STEAM NAVIGATION ON THE THAMES.—
The Bill (as amended by the Committee) to regulate the naviga-
tion of steam vessels on the Thames, enacts that no steam vessel
is to be employed in the Thames unless licensed by the officer of
the Customs, previous to which the vessels are to be surveyed.
The number of passengers to be not more than two for every
ton registered burden, if intended to go to sea; but if not, not
more than three for each ton. The licence to be in force for
three years. Vessels not licensed to be forfeited. The name
of captain, and the numbers of crew, passengers, and boats, and
speed at full power, to be painted on the deck, and an index to
be provided for showing the actual speed. A penalty is bad
on taking a greater number of passengers than allowed. Boats
are to be provided on board steam vessels. The speed to be
restrained between London-bridge and Cuckold's Point. Lights
to be shown from steam-boats during night time. If damage be
done to any boat or craft by any steam.vessel, the owner to pay
the amount of such damage. Power is vested in the Lord
Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Justices, to summon and ap-
prebend offenders, examine witnesses on oath, and punish by
fine or imprisonmeut. The penalty for going beyond the re-
gulated speed is to be enforced only at the discretion of the
magistrate. Justices rriy, however, allow five passengers for
every hundred tens over licensed number. Persons aggrieved
may appeal to the quarter sessions. This Act to be a public Act.
The " Memoirs of Sir Jamei Campbell"
(the father of Mrs. Thomas Sheridan) which have just issued
from the press, may, for variety of subject, and singularity of
adventure, vie with any of the numerous personal Memoirs
which have amused the public curiosity during the last few
years. His record of a lOng and eventful life, besides abound-
ing in the " hair breadth 'scapes and imminent perils," so
peculiarly incidental to the soldier's career, is rich in convivial
stories, anecdotes of the original clubs of London, histoirettes
relative to our own and several foreign courts, travelling
adventures, and other such piquant materials as contribute to
render works of this character so generally entertaining.

Mr. BERNAL, and others from the Commons, brought
up the Malt Duty Drawback- Bill, and two private Bills.
Lord SIDMOUT FT presented a petition from certain
freholders in the northern and southern parts of Corn
wall against Reform. The Noble Lord said, that the pe
titioners returned their thanks to their Lordships for stop
•
ping the progress of the last Reform Bill at its second
reading, and they hoped that they would act in the same
manner with the present one.

The Committee on the Sentence of Death Bill was
postponed, on the motion of Lord WYNFORD.

On the motion of Lord TENTERDEN, the Uniformity of
Process Bill went through a Committee, and was reported
without amendment

The Colonial Revenue Audit Bill also went through a
Committee, and was reported to the House.
The Scotch Cholera Amendment Bill, and the Ordnance
Department Bill were read a second time.

Their lArdships waited upwards oF half an hour for the
Mutiny Bill, which was brought up by Mr. SPRING RICE
and others, and read a first time. The second reading
was fixed for to-morrow.

The House then adj,wurned till to-morrow at Ten o'clock,

HO USE OF COIIIMONS, Arita 4.
The Sheriffs of London (Messrs. Pirie and Cowan) ap-
peared at the bar with a retition from the Lord Mayor,
Aldermen, and Common Council.
On the motion of Mr. Alderman WOOD, the petition
was read ; it prayed for the abolition of slavery in the
West India colonies, and expressed a hope that the
Orders in Council which had some time ago issued would
be enforced, in order to effect a gradual amelioration in the
condition of the slaves.
Mr. HUME was sorry that the Corporation of London
did not act consistent with their previously avowed prin-
ciples, and he was surprised that so respectable a body
should approve of Orders in Council which tended very
much to injure commerce. It was with great regret that
he saw them come to such a conclusion as they bad ex-
pressed in their petition.
Mr. Alderman HUGHES supported the prayer of the
petition, and said the Orders in Council were such, that he
should wish to see them regulate the conduct of all par-
ties to which they referred.
Mr. Alderman WOOD said the Corporation of London
had always professed liberal principles ; their great object
was to do away with the system of slavery, to effect which
they were of opinion the Orders in Council would greatly
tend.

Mr, Alderman COPELAND questioned the prudence
of the Corporation in coining to that conclusion. Those
of the citizens of London who were connected with the
colonies received the Orders in Council referred to with
great alarm, and as tending to injure the colonies and the
shipping trade. Whenever the great question of the slave
trade came before the House, he would he prepared to
offer a few observations upon it. No man deplored more
than himself the existence of the slave trade ; but he much
questioned whether the Orders in Council were calculated
to ameliorate the condition of the slaves. He regretted
that he could not give the p tition his support.
Mr. Ahlerman WAITHMAN could not see how the
Orders in Council injured the West India colonies, and
consequently he gave his support to the prayer of the
petition.
Mr. DIXON slid, that notwithstanding the eulogy that
had been b, stowed on the Orders in Council, even the
Noble Lord, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, had ex-
pressed his intention o' acc.ding to any proposed modifica-
tion of them. He hart nothing to do with the colonies ;
but he had received a letter from a person interested, in
which those orders were characterized as unconstitutional,
oppressive, and unjust. He regretted that the Common
Council of London had petiti nrd the House upon a sub-
ject, which—and he said it with all due deference—they
had not duly considered.
Mr. WARBURTON thought the Corporation of Lon-
don had done themselves great credit.—(Hear,; The
very existence of the colonies would be at stake if the state
of alas ery were continued.
The petition was ordered to be printed.
Lord ACHESON presented three petitions from a
parish in Antrim against the new plan of national educa.
tion, from Galway relative to the Galway franchise, and
from a parish in the county of Armagh against the present
tithe system. The latter was signed wholly by Pro-
testants and Dissenters.
Alr. HOLMES presented a petition from a number of per-
sons who were subscribers to the Birmingham and London
rail-road to the amount of 85,0001. against the Bill for mak-
in,2 that road; the petitionersp-rayed that their names might
be er ised from the list of suriscribers, arid that they might
be heard by Counsel against the insertion of their names
in the Bill.
Sir J. NEWPORT postponed his motion relative to the
Irish Ecclesiastical Courts until the 3d of May.
Mr. EWART presented a petition from certain mer-
chants, hankers, &e. against a Bill now before the House,
relative to a Committee now sitting to inquire into the
mode of facilitating the Post-office communication be-
tween England and Ireland ; and stated that very
great injury would arise from interrupting in any
way the present mode of communication between Liver-
pool and Dublin. The Honourable Member supported
the prayer of the petition, and hoped that no interruption,
such as that which the petitioners apprehended, would
take place. When the House considered the extent of the
trade between the two countries—when it appeared that
in the last year there were imported from Ireland 9,000
head of cattle, 130,000 sheep, and 150,000 pigs, it would
be seen that it was of the greatest importance that the
communication should not be interrupted.
On the motion that the petition ho rate; red to the Com-
mittee,

Colonel CONOLLY hoped that it was nit the intention
of his Majesty's Government to interrupt the navi-
gation between Dublin and Liverpool. The facilities
to the exportation and importation of commodities between
those pl ices bad increased so rapidly as to supersede all
modes of ccinumnication between any other two places.
The inconvenience arising from any interruption of that
trade would raise the voice of the people of Ireland against
it. He could hardly imagine any such thine was in con-
templation ; but if it was, it must have arisen from a very
partial and inconsiderate attention to the suhject.
Mr. S. ItICE said Honourable Members must know
more of the subject than be did, if the proposed arrange-
ments would create any difficulty in the communication
between the two countries. His Majesty's Government
were quite alive to the necessity of keeping up the inter-
caurse, and indeed of increasing it, if possible. No eco-
nomy would be more preposterous than any which would
interrupt the communication between the two countries;
but if it could be shown, as he was of opinion the,t it
could, that that communication could he c.izzied on at a
much cheaper rate, then it woula be admitted to be of
considerable importance.—(Hear.)
Mr. J. GRATTAN recommended gentlemen not to be
led away by any delusive discussions.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT believed th,e apprehension of
many Hon. Aiembers total Y unfounded.
to Atilire packet,,.Sl- SHAW thought
silitld be
if any
yocihange were made relative
Holyhead to Liver pool.
Mr. SPRING RICE observed, that the only reasons
that could be given for even a supposition that it was the
intention of Government to remove thc.„ Liverpool packets,
was the appointment of a Committee fur the purpose of
seeing if greater facilities could not be afforded.
Lord SANDON felt grateful at the announcement made
by the Right Hon. Gentleman opposite (Mr. Spring Rice)
though Ministers never had had the. slightest intention
of withdrawing the Liverpool packets.
Lord WILLIAM LENNON thought the Hon. Member
for Liverpool need not be under the slightest apprehension
that any such alterations were contemplated at the Post-
office as had been suggested.
After some observations from Mr. EwART, the petition
was orelered to be referred to the Committee.
Mr. EWART presented a petition trot foe innkeepers
of Liverpool, praying for the alteration Of the law nhieli
rendered them liable to make good property lost in their
houses.

Sir EDWARD lIAYES presented a petition from
the Archdeacon and Clergy of the Diocese of Rdphoe
dgainst the new system of eductnion in Ireldnd. The
Hon. Member bad hoped, in consequence of the de-
cided opposition that this measure had met with from
all ranks of Ireland, that Ministers ere this would have
withdrawn the measure.
Colonel COZIOLLY was sorry that Government still

tppeared determined to persist in upholding a plan which
ad occasioned so much dissatisfaction.
Sir FRANCIS VINCENT presented a petition from
St. Alban's, against Colonial Slavery.
Captain GORDON presented a petition from Ban-
lon, in the county of Cork, signed by the provost, 13
lergytnen, 38 magistrates, and upwards of 900 persons,
eeeinst the new system of education in Ireland. The
Hon. Member also presented two similar petitions from
ether parts of Ireland. The Hon. Member also gave
notice of his intention, on Tuesday next, to move for
t•ertain returns relative to the established schools in
Ireland.
Mr. HUNT presented a petition from four persons who
were confined in Lancaster Gaol for debt, complaining
that the gaoler was "as large," and did not reside in the
eaol ; that he had appointed his son as his deputy, a
manufacturer and cotton-spinner in the town of Lancaster.
They represented this as a great grievance, and stated,
that one of the prisoners being indebted to the deputy
gaoler, he had endeavoured to enter into a negotiation
with him, on condition of his paying his whole debt after
his release, not to oppose his discharge. The prisoner, how-
ever, had not consented to this illegal act, and consequently
he was opposed upon coming up to receive his discharge
under the Insolvent Act. The prisoner stated before the
Commissioners the reason why the deputy gaoler had op-
posed him, when the prisoner was immediately dis-
charged, and the goaler reprimanded. These things,
he submitted, could not have gone on without the
attention of the visiting magistrates having been called to
them. It was a gross dereliction of public duty for the
gaoler not to reside in the gaol, and the petitioners sub-
mitted that the Act which prevented a gaoler from being
concerned in business, applied also to his substitute.
They also complained that when, on a former occa-
sion, they had made these representations, they had
been treated in the most barbarous and brutal manner,
having been placed in a cell, with nothing but straw and a
blanket to cover them. This petition was put into his
hand by a respectable solicitor, who had been down at
Lancaster, had made every inquiry into the facts, and
was prepared to prove them, whenever he should be called
upon. The Hon. Member submitted that the case, if the
allegations were true, and he had no doubt but they could
be fully substantiated, well deserved the attention of his
Majesty's Government.
Mr. GREENE said that Parliament had no right to
interfere in this case ; the petitioners bad not stated that
they had complained either to the visiting Magistrate's, or
the Secretary of State, to whose jurisdiction legitimately
the matter entirely belonged ; had they failed in their
duty to the petitioners, they might have prayed for the
interference of the House. The petition simply stated a
variety of charges against the gaoler, which it was im-
possible, eireumet tnced as he was, properly to enter into.
The only charge to which he could refers, was the non-
residence of the gaoler. Au investigation had taken place,
and it was found that the gaoler was now residing within
the walls of the prison. The only other question, as to
the competency of the deputy, he being a trader, was a mere
point of law, and the House could not explain Acts of
Parliament.
Mr. HUNT moved the printing of the petition.
Mr. GREENE opposed the motion, in consequence of
the yagueneaa of the charges.
Mr. WARBURTON said it was clear that there had
been a period when the gaoler was not resident within the
walls of the prison, and that non..v.,idonee must have come
distinctly under the cognieence of the visiting Magistrates.
The object of printing a petition was to bring public °pi-
llion to bear on any neglect of duty, either in the gaoler or
visiting Magistrates. On that ground, and n other, the
petition should be printed.
Mr. LAMB said the elleeation in the petition being
that the gaoler does not now reside within the walls
of the prises, and it being ascertained that at present he
did reside there, he did not see much good to be gained by
the printing of the petition. Having personal knowledge
of the gaol of Lancaster, he believed there was no one
better regulated in the kingdom, and he should enter
into any inquiry that might be called for, with the
geeauset confidence. He would not, howeree, oppose
the printing of the petition.
The petition was then ordered to be printed.
On tme motion of Mr. Semen RICE, the Mutiny
Bill was read a third time and passed.
Mr. HUNT presented a petition from Broadhurst,
Ashmore, Gilchrist, and Curran, who are confined in
Lancaster Castle, complaining of heed treatment—they
were not allowed to see or vouverse with their friends, ex-
cepting through a felun'e grating; neither could they receive
any letters, Ant even from their professional adviser, with-
tet beine liable to he opened by the gaoler.
Mr. GREENE said the gaoler was perfectly authorised
by the Act of Parliament in all that he did.
The order of the day for the second reading of the Bak-
ine, Trade (Ireland) Bill was then read.
The LORD ADVOCATE moved the order of the
day for the further consideration of the report on the Ex-
chequer Court (Scotland) Bill. The Rill was ordered to
be re-committed to-morrow,

Lord ALTHORP moved she Order of the Day for the
House to resolve into committee on the Supply to be
granted. to his M jesty.
TAX ON GLASS.,

Mr. DIXON said, that he whit extremely anxious
to ask a question of the Nok.:e Lord opposite relative to
his reported intention of taking off the duty on
glass. F e had on a former occasion asked the
tia GIB question, but he wished now to know whe-
ther the Noble Lord had made up his mind on the
subject ? If it was the intention of Government to
take off this tax, it should not be done suddenly,
or it would occ,sion an initnense loss to the manufacturers
concerned in the trade. Various rumours were afloat,
which were represented to have c me from the Node Lord
himself, of his intention at an early period to take off the
tax. He (Mr. Dixon) d that twelve months'
previous notice at I. ast should be given.
Lord ALTHORP assured the Hon. Gentleman, that he
had not uttered a single word upon the subject to any
one since the Hon. Member had asked the same question
before in that House.

Lord G. SOMERSET inquired whether Commis-
sioners had been appointed to inquire iota the Poor Laws ?
Lord ALTHORP stated that they had been appointed.
COMMUTATION OF PENSIONS.
Sir J. C. 11013 HOUSE said he had been anxious to
obtain information t,) lay before the House upon the sub.
j•-et to which the Right Hon. Gentleman opposite (Sir H.
Hardinge) had on a former evening drawn tneir attention.
Since then be had inquired into the facts, and he was
justified in saying, that when all examination had been made
into the commutation of penaicus, he found there were
circumstances with whi,th the country ought to be ac.
(painted, and which, when detailed, would relieve the
War-office of whatever share of blame had been at-
tached to it. But the suhiect was of such im-
portance, and it would be necessary to go so much
into detail, that it would be far better to have a
specific day appointed for taking it into consi-
deration than to discuss it upon an incidental
vote of the estimates. Although he was perfectly
ready at the present time to make the statement, yet if it
met the views of the Right Honourable Gentleman, he
would propose tl,tat another opportunity should he taken
to disease it, when the country would be informed of
that which it had certainly a right to be informed of,
namely, that the intereeta of the old soldiers were well
att-nded to, and that the country had not tried to rid
it•elf of the burden. Indeed, while he remained in of.
lice, he never would agree to carry economy to that ex.
tent.—(fiear, hoar.) He therefore, would propose that
the vote should be taken this evening in the usual form.
Sir H. HARDINGE said it was gratifying to him to
hear the statement of the Right Hon. Baronet, that he
would not consent, for the cake of an economical
reform, to sacrifice the interests of the old soldiers.
That point was, in, fact, the one which he wished to im-
press tivon the House. He was anxiens to show that
Veat misapprehension existed, s that a great deal of
abuse existed in the mode of carrying the commuta- •
tions into execution. He imputed no intentional blame
to the War-efilee. He merely stated what he tit n and
even now considered to he facts ; and he would take an
opportunity of moving fur returns by which the accu-
racy or inaccuracy of the statements that had been
aside to him, ;:onld, be proved. Wen the House
were in, possession of these returns, he would then state
the period at which he would bring forward the discussion,
anxious only to see the old moldier protected after many
years' service. It might be add that his language on a
former evening was strong, but be felt deeply for the in-
forms of the soldier, particularly when a regulation was

made by himself while he was in office, and which.he was
in'Ormed bad been much abueed.
The House then proceeded with the estimates, when the
following votes were agreed to :-
117,271/. 193. 10d. for defraying the charges of t::e
Geaeral Staff Officers, and the Officers •f Hospitals in
• Great Rritain and Ireland, and on Foreign Stations, India
excepted.
103,011/. 15,. 7d. for allowances to the Officers of the
principal public departments in Great Britain and Ireland.
12,000/. for medicine, Lc , for the land forces, and for
c ntingenciee.
! 33,670/. 161.2 d. for the garrisons at home and abroad.
MILITARY COLLEGE.
On the motion that-2,6361. Ile. ld. be granted for the
Royal Military College,
Sir H. HARDINGE said, when the House recollected
that the Military College of France cost 50,000/. a-year,
and the sons of officer, and other persons were ethic ited
is it at the public exoense,—when they recollec,e4l than
iu the United States4oo cae'ete wereedueated at an expense
to the state of 30,000/. a-year, and that the present eeti-
f mate was only 2,000/., he thought that to deprive the
orphan class of education at the expense of the
,oublic was very ill-judged economy. He thought
that department was of the greatest value
to the army. If he went into detail he could
show that from 200 to 300 officers of the Bri-
tish army were educated at that College ; and he thought
that to make the parents of the children pay every far-
thing of the expense of education was very bad economy
There was a large building cipehle of holding 500 ;stu-
dents, but there were at present only 170 students there,
and indeed in time of peace the building could net
be wholly occupied. There was also a !age gum-
rity of land attached to it.—(Hear.) Now he thought
it very unfair that the narrate of the students
'should he compelled to keep that establishment in repair.
He contended that at least a certain pertinn of the expense
of the education should be borne by the public.
Lord ALTHORP explained the object of the vote, and
justified the present system ; after all, he was of opinion,
that the education at the Military College was cheaper
than at any other place.
Sir J. C. HOBHOUSE explained.
Sir H. HARDINGE replied. And,
After some observation, from Captain Beldero, Sir
John Burke, and Mr. Warburton, the vote wan agreed to.
The sum of 22,885/. was granted for defraying the
charge of the Royal Military Asylum and llibernan Mili-
tary School: as was also
The sum of 99,680/. I2e. 4d. for the Volunteer Corps.
17,500/. for Exchequer Fees.
125 0001. for the pay of General Officers not being
Generale.
90,000/. for full-pay and retired Officers.
656,500/. for half-pay and military allowances of re-
duced and retired Officers.
Sir H HARDINGE rose for the pnrpene. not of op-
posing this vote, but merely to state ?owe few farts re-
lative to the persons in whom- favour the vote was made.
Sir H. HARDINGE, adverting to an observation which
he understood bad been made en a late evening by the
Right Hon. Baronet opposite, namely—that the principle
of inducing half-pay and reduced officers to commute their
half-pay and allowances, might be carried much further
with great advantage to the public--remark,d, that Wiltii
he had the honour to bold the situation of Secretary at
War, he had, by inducing a number of officers to com-
mute, saved the country 30,000/. a year. There was a
line, however, to be drawn ; and although nn one side of
that line the principle of commutation was just and bene-
&id; on the other it was unjust and cruel. This was a
consideration which he begged leave respectfully to press
on the Hon. Baronet's attention.
Sir J. HOBHOUSE observed, that what he had
stated the other evening was, that if the principle of com-
mutation were pressed with duc vigour, much public be-
nefit might be derived from it. All that he meant was,
that where there was a fair case, advantage ought to be
token of it.
Mr. HUME, adverting to first commissions, observed,
that in the present state of the half-pay list, no more first
cummisaions ought to be given.
Sir J. HOBHOUSE said, that it was impossible in all
cases where ensigns and cornets were required to have
recourse to the half-pay list for them. After years of
absence from service, officer. found themselves as little
et home in a modern mess as he should in the South Sea
Islands.

Mr. HUME contended that at least first commissions
ought to be sold, not given away.
Sir H. HARDINGE corroborated the statement of the
Right Hon. Secretary at War, and added, that first coal-
missions must be given away in various cases; to the cadets
of the Military College, for instance. Where also an old
officer had claims for services, what better mode could there
be of meeting those claims than lay giving his son a com-
mission?
The resolution was agreed to.
Grants to the following amount were then agreed to ;-
88,900/. for the charge of half-pay and reduced allow-
ances to Officers of disbanded Forergu Corps, of pensions
to wound d Foreign Officers, and of allowances to the
widows and children of dec. ased Foreign Officers, from Ist
A: ril, 1832, to Slat March, 1833.
26,334/. 15s. for the charge for reduced Local Militia
Adjutants, retired Officers of the Militia, and reduced Ad-
jut,,nts and Serjeant-Majors of Yeomanry, from Ist April,
1832, to 31st March, 1833.
On the resolution for granting 147.423/. for the charge
of pensions to be paid to widows of Officers of the Laud
Forces, from Ist April, 1832, to 31st March, 1833,
Sir ADOLPHUS DALRYMPLE i,quired what was
the amount of other means which disque'lfied widows
from receiving pensions; and adverted to a cas- in which
the widow of a General Officer had been refused a pen-
sion because she was in possession of 400/. a year.
Sir J. HORHOUSE said that that w s a matter which
must be regulated by circumstance.. Whoever had any
control over the public purse was bound to !mita tin a
just economy. There were variousconsiderations, ho.,ver,
arising out of their positions in society and other circum-
stances, which must influence the amount of the pensions
granted to widowa. With respect to the particular case
adverted to by the Hon. M •mber, the more he inqu.reri
into it the more he was satisfied of the propriety t,f the
decision.

Sir H. HARDINGE confirmed what h been st ited
by the Right Hon. Secretary at War. The amount of other
means possessed by a widow ought not to I.e the sole
cri-
terion of her right to a pension. Ir would he very bard
that a widow should be visited with puwahiricip because
her husbsnd had been a careful man, and hail saved a tittle
money for the education of his children. Such a regulation
would be an encouragement to profligate expen.ii.ure.
The resolution was then agreed to ; us was aka one
for granting 175,041/. for the cliarg, of allowances on the
Compassionate List, of allowances as of his Als.i.-sty's
Royal Bounty, and of pensions, gratuities, •tncl dlowances
to Othvers for wounds, from April 1, 1832, to 111 arch
31, 1833.

The next item was 1,350,5031. 6s. Bd. to defray the
charges of Chelsea and Kihnaiiiham Hospitals; of the in-
pensioners of these establ;shtnenrs ; and of the out-pen-
sioners of Chelsea Hospital, from the lst April, 1532, to
31st March, 1833.--Yore agreed to.
The nest item was b 0,7501. 16s. 1011. for the charge
Of al!nwances, cotnpen,ations, and etnelninews, in the
nature of superannuation or retired allowances to persons
formerly belonging to the several public departments in
the United Kingdom of Great Bri,aiu and In land, fr,im
the Ist April, 1832, to the 31st March, 1533.—V0te
agreed to.

The next item w•as 14,500/. for the charge of Exche-
quer Fees in Great Britain upon issues to be made f.r
non-effective army services, from the lit April, 1832, to
the 31st March, 1833.—Vote agreed to.

The House resumed ; and the Cnaii man having re—
ported progrebs, obi tined leave to sit again on Frith), next.

BANK CHARTER.
Lord ALTHOItP gave notice that he should, on Tute.
day, the 17th April, move for a Committee on the Ralik
Charter Bill.
The other Orders of the Day were then disposed of, and
the House adjourned at Hal-past Eight.

MAIDSTONE, APRIL 2.—Thursday, a young
man, named Lewis, aged 19, died after a few hours' illness.
He was visited by some medical gentlemen, who supposed his
ease an attack of cholera. The cause of his death, however,
was this :—He had been for some time engaged by Mr. Thomas,
barge owner, trading from Maidstone to London. Ile left his
employ, went an board a Humber keel, and sailed to the North,
where he was used contrary to his expectations. In return-
ing home he walked pennyless upwards of WO miles, and had
nothing to eat for three days. When he arrived in London,
lju'
] he went on board the Dr.:flame, in the employ of his old mas-
ter, Mr. Thomas; and having been so long without rood, the
Captain imprudently gave him what he required, and the con.
sequence was, that he ate so voraciously that he died at Grave,.
end as they were proceeding down the river.—Kentisii Gazette.
a,pearance
evening,
the
e 10t ROUND
h of
last
month, ll' H E
a i‘oli(o's°tNsin—gul°arlihalAlo lid
o was seen
round persons in the village of
round the moon by Leven It
was surprisingly' beautiful, and consisted Cl tour circles, the
inmost one being grey, the second Mimi, the third green, and
the outer one brown. It had, in some deiree, the
of a rainbow, with the exceptions that it was qute oir, i i
cutar, anti
..,t dirfervni colours,---Hull fiveitrAgihron,

EXPRESS FROM PARIS.

(From the Tints Private Correspondent.)
PARIS, APRIL 3.

Within the last two days this city has been dis-
turbed by riots of the most disgraceful description.
It is the practice of inhabitants of this city to plat,
in heaps outside their doors, late at night, or very
early in the morning, the sweepings and other filth
collected from their dwellings, which used to be re
moved by the scavengers at an early hour. Durim
the night from 6,000 to 8,000 miserable creature-,
carrying basket on their backs, each with a lantern
in one hand and an iron-pointed stick in the other.
were accustomed ro prowl through the streets, anti
by raking the heaps, to gather rags and other of -
jecta, whieh they sold the day after. They ar
called chifonniers, and are, of course, the mos
wr-tched-looking beings to he found in any metro-
polis. They have been the late rioters on the fol-
lowing grounds.
For some time past tile scavengers' carts whits
removed the heaps, were of the old cumbrous de-
scription, which, as a new contract has been entered
into for cleansing the city, the head contractor and the
police determined to alter for lighter and more conve-
nient tumbrels. But the chifonniers are opposed to
reform, for they think that their dirty work will be
considerably lessened, and their emoluments dimi-
nished, if the new practice displace the old. They,
therefore,after some menths'deliberation,have come te
a resolution to reject the proffered improvements; and
On Sunday last, the Ist of April, the day on which the
new plan was first to be carried into execution, they
seized several of the new vehicles, broke them to
pi, re-, and either burned the remnants, or threw
them eito the river. The police endeavoured to de-
fend the new system, but being in several cases
maltreated, they had recourse to the assistance of
the National Guard, by which means they have
finally produced quiet,and the inhabitants of Paris are
allowed to practise the quick and effectual mode of
removing the filth, which at this moment, when the
cholera rages in this city, must be allowed to be
likely to prove pernicious to their constitution.
Three classes of the factions that would fain now
agitate this country, have given their assistance to
the chfmnierx,—v z. the noble Carlists, the revolu-
tionary republicans, and the speculators for a fell ie
the funds. It is remarkable that all the riots that
have taken place since the beginning of the year
seem arranged in such a manner as to suit certain
bears of the Exchange, who wish to make a profit
on the settling•days in the beginning of each month.
Hence the suspicion that money is advanced for
the infamous purpose of exciting public disturbances
to put money into the pockets of some sordid mis-
creants. The Republicans, principally young enthusi-
asts, who fancy that every commotionconduces to bring
about the confusion they long for, join in the riots with
eagerness; and last Sunday evening, by a precon-
certed scheme, they led the chifonniers and the mob
to attack the prison of St. Pelagie, where some of
their co-fieres are confined. The plan was frustrated,
fcr the magistrates, being aware of an attempt being
ire ended on the part of the prisoners to force the
gates open, had introduced some armed men, at a
moment when the inmates of the gaol had torn
down some scaffolding and made the spars into wea-
pons of offence, and had also broken the inner door.
'The troops summoned the prisoners to retire, and
were answered with a shower of stones and pieces of
broken bob its, when they fired five or six musket-
slier, by which one man, a printer, was killed, and
several wounded. Nine of the most mutinous were
then seized and removed to another prison. The
mob, finding the attempt within the prison unsuc-
cessful, withdrew. The conduct of the GOVel n-
ment, and in particular of the police, in repressing
the riot by those vigorous measures, has been com-
mented on with the utmost violence in the repub-
lican journal called The Tribune of the Move»zent,
which was yesterday stopped at the Post-office, and
which this day comp'ains of being subjected to an-
other prosecution.
The Cariists are said to have joined also in the
riots with the hope of proving to Europe that no
tranquillity can be expected in Fiance until the re-
turn of Henry V. From various publications in their
journa's, and in particular from an article inserted in
the Gazette de France, to advise its impatient
friends to wait a little longer, it appears that they
have some machinatiousat work. The Constitulionnel
of this morning does riot hesitate to accuse this fac-
tion of a most appalling atrocity—viz.. of hiring
some wretches to go about to the wine shops, and
by throwing arsenic into the butts, to poison, or at
least to persuade the lower classes of the people
that the cholera morbus is the result of a preconcer-
ted plan on the part of the Government to poison
the poor. Two persons have been taken up for
throwing arsenic into the wine in different places,
and they stare that they have many accomplices
bribed fur the same purpose. It is difficult to credit
such abominations, but the fact seems beyond all
doubt that C,rli-t agents have been discovered
among the mob, while endeavouring to prove to
them what they celled the criminal intend( its of the
Government. Unfortunately, very many of the
lower classes have lent a willing ear to those horrid
insinuations. Hence, also, the lamps in some streets,
sod the windows of some druggists' shops, and
houses in which anti-cholera medicines are cold,
we, e b °ken.
The Duke of Orleans and several Members of
the Government went to the hospital of the Hotel-
lieu on Saturday, to visit the cholera patients.
The King and Reyal Family have given 108,000
francs, and the Ministers 1,000 francs each, to the
subscription in favour of the persons who suffer
front the malady. Many of the persons have also
subscribed; among whom fieure the Cerlist sup•
porters of the Gazette de France for small sums,
which reflect no great credit on the names of
Princes, Dukes, Marquesse., &c.
In the mean time tine efforts of the Government,
seconded by the citizens, have introduced into this
city an organized system of relief in their own
houses, or of removal to the hospitals of persons at-
tacked. Houses of reception and medical boards
are already established in every quarter. The Pre-
fect of police has published proclamations, which
are placarded on all side, explaining the grounds
on which the rhiffonniers mutinied, and by what
means the factious leaders had endeavoured •to mis-
lead them; and calling on the inhabitants to second
the efforts of the magistrates in preserving the
tranquillity of the city, and in endeavouring to allay
the evils which now oppressed diem. Yesterday,
being Monday, the riots were continued, anti the
National Guard and troops of the garrison were
under arms. Tine Duke of Orleans and Nemours
rode along the quays, and the police were on the
alert to produce quiet. All is tranquil this day.
The progress of the cholera is alarming. The
numbers on Sunday and Monday are as follow, the
period of calculation being from four o'clock of the
preceding evening:—

Attacked. Dead.
Former statements up to Males. Females. Males. Females.
Saturday i
-o
...... . ........... " ' 110 6A 32
Sunday ........................... 12A 73 46 2l
Monday 1:),

Total 458 .277 I •i 43
The number of persons attacked to yesterday af-
ternoon is 735, of whom 267 are dead. The reason
given for the great number of those attacked is, that
no distinction has as yet been established between
cases of diarrhcea and the Asiatic cholera. The me-
dical faculty is puzz!A; for, notwithstanding all their
efforts, they are unable to discover any efficient re-
medy, and it is said that no less than seven modes
of trewment are adopted. As the malady rages with
great violence in the districts b3rderiug on the river,
and but few cases have as yet occurred in the north•
west districts, the Academy of Science has ordered
that a strict analysis should be effected of the atmo-
sphere in the infected as well as non-infected districts.
The common people cannot conceive why they
should be especially marked out as victims; and
yesterday, some, more foolhardy than others, were
guilty of excess in drinking wine and spirits, who
were soon afterwards conveyed to the hospitals. Al
every corner placards are stuck up, announcing the
means of relief, and above all, inculcating that it is

much more easy to preserve oneself from it than to
effect a cure. The people, in their eagerness t.•
know what is the nature of the malady, have some-
,itnes raised the covering off the litters, in order
4) see the convulsed features of the sick. It is
said that a foreign doctor, while conveying a patient
:o the hospital, was, like others of the profession,
about to be assailed, when he got upon a stone-
post, and told them, with a foreign accent, that it
was shameful for the inhabitants of an enlightened
city to act as did the boors in Russia. He then
showed the unfortunate individual, covered with
'aige livid spots, and the people shrunk away in
error. The journals and other publications call
opon all persons, as soon as attacked, to apply
,nstantly for the remedies; while the physicians
,omplain, that many are braught to the hospitals in
he last stage. Three women died yesterday at the
-ntrance.

The prisoners for political offences, confined in
St. Pelagie, have addressed a letter to the Ministers
of the Interior and of Justice, beseeching them to
order their removal from that crowded prison to
some other places, where the danger of the infection
is not great.
The Constitutionnel of this morning, reasoning
upon the nature of the cholera, states that the daily
average of deaths in Paris has been for years 63,
and recommends all persons to keep themselves com-
posed, as experience has proved that the ravages of
the cholera are not so terrible as imagined, since it
is proved that the general mortality in places already
at!acked is lessened rather titan increased. The
Quotidienne. on the other side, pretends that some
applications lately made to have the quarantine esta-
blished on vessels coming from England removed,
ought to be refused, in order to save the provinces
from the danger of being ravaged by the malady;
for Paris, as it says, is not France, and all precau-
tions ought not to be abolished.
Letters are stated to have been received stating
that the cholera has made its appearance at &drupes,
Tours, B.rne, Geneva, arid Calais. In some of the
departments measures of the greatest precaution
have been adopted.
Some trifling disturbances have taken place at
Besancon, in consequence of some young men being
dissatisfied with the order of the day lately issued
by Marshal Soult being placarded in that city. The
news from the western departments describe the
Carlist partisans in La Verid6e, who are called
Chouans, as marauding through the country.
This being the period of liquidation, an absurd
report was got up at Toulon, and circulated by some
Paris Papers, that the British and French fleets off
Greece had united in attacking and annihilating the
Russian fleet, in consequence of the latter having
landed some troops to abet one of the factions that
now distract that country.
The news from Italy describe the Austrians as
hemming the French up in Ancona, and also as
about to cross through Italy by Furlo, to take pos-
session of Civita Vecchia, arid of entering Umbria
and the Marches. The death of the Archduchess
of Tuscany took place on the 21th ult., after a lin-
gering illness. The Duke of Modena suffers from
a twofold terror—the apprAension of assassination,
and the danger of the repeated earthquakes,—which
oblige Lim to spend the night in his carriage in his
garden. The parties in Italy affect to believe, that
Austria will soon declare war against France.
Some British and French capitalists have lately
joined together to advance money to Ferdinand of
Spain, arid they have sent M. Uriarte thither with
propositions to that effect, but it is doubted if they
will be acceded to. Some alarm is said to have
been caused in Madrid by news from Cadiz, which
stated that Don Pedro had taken possession of Ala-
deira, after having lost only 300 men. This, of
course, requires confirmation.
In the Bavarian provinces on the Rhine some dis-
turbances were feared, in consequence of the Go-
vernment having resolved to remove, for his trial,
Dr. Wirth, lute editor of the German Tribune, into
the old provinces.
Expectation is on the alert for news from Eng-
land, since it is from thence that the decision of war
or peace is expected. The horizon ►owers in the
Belgian quarter, but yet it is hoped that peace will
be preserved.

The quarantine at Calais will not, it is stated, be
removed utlicially, but will be suffered to fall into
disuse.

Lord Harry Vane, one of the attaches to the
British Embassy, was attacked with cholera while
on horseback yesterday, and was for an hour and a
half in considerable danger; but this morning all
apprehensions for his safety have passed away.

(From Galignani's Messenger.)

The Naples Gazette of the 16th ult. contains a
Royal Ordinance, declaring the custom-house of
Salerno to be placed in the first cla4s, in consequence
of which the import, export, and coasting trades
may be carried on in that port in the manner pre-
scribed by the law of the 19th of Jane, 1826.
The same Journal of the 17th contains accounts of
the late earthquake, from which it appears, that
although the damage done to the town of Catan-
zaro was so great, that the royal library, the
governor's palace, the hospital, the prison, and a
great majority of private houses were seriously
damaged, the number of lives lost was very incon-
siderable. Most of the towns of Calabria were more
or less damaged by the same shock.

The Diario di Romania of the 21st ult. contains
a letter from A-aissi, dated the 15rh, stating, tha,
in addition to the other damage dune by the earth-
quake on the preceding night, the magnificent
church of Sanra Maria deglia Angell was entirely
reduced to ruins.

The following is extracted from a letter dated
Reggio, the 22d ult.:—" The late shocks of earth-
quake here have produced terrible effects. The
chimnies thrown down in this town alone amount to
above 2,000. Every house has been more or less
damaged, and a great number of them are uninhabit-
able. The church of St. Peter is reduced to a heap
of ruins ; the steeple of the Cathedral must be de-
molished to its foundation, and not a single public
building remains uninjured. At Modena many
houses have been violently shaken, but the mischief
done there is not so great as at Reggio, yet many
inhabitants have spent several nights in the open
air. Small volcanic cones hare appeared on several
parts of the plain, where also some springs of hot
water have suddenly risen to the surface of the
earth. The Ducal Palace was strongly shaken, and
the Duke is still so much alarmed, that he passes the
night in his carriage in the middle of his gardens."
A letter from Rome, dated the 20th ult , says—
.' The French Consul, M. Beyle, better known
under his unto d'auteur Count Stendhal, has quitted
Civita Vecchia for Ancona, to regulate the business
of that port. Lieut.-Colonel Ruspoli, who com-
manded the fortress of Ancona, is waiting the issue
of the inquiry into his conduct. The presence of
Mr. Seymour at Rome is an additional argument in
favour of the maintenance of peace. This diploma-
tist has quitted his hotel, and has taken a private
house, which is a certain proof of a long stay. The
difference between the attributes of Mr. Seymour
and those of Mr. Taylor consist in the latter being
exclusively occupied with the affairs of the States
of the Church, and the former with its foreign po-
licy. England could not remain indifferent to the
appearance of the French in Italy. Courier after
courier has been sent off, and the Cabinet of St.
James's has become satisfied that the views of
France are in harmony with its own."
The Piedinontese Gazette announces that the
Grand Duchess of Tuscany died on the 24th, after
a very long and painful illness.
The Augsburg Gazette of the 30th ult. contains
the following, dated Vienna, March 25 :—" The
prices of the public funds are continually improving,
which causes us to look to the future with less
anxiety. The Belgic question is nearly settled : that
of Italy will also soon be adjusted. Mr. Stratford
Canning is charged, by the London Conference on
the affairs of Greece, to acquaint the Porte with the
choice of Prince Otho of Bavaria as sovereign of
Greec . It is presumed that as the Porte did not
object to the election of Prince Leopold, it will also
consent to the present choice. Mr. Stratford Cat).

ning continued his negotiations with the Reis
Effendi on the extension of the Greek boundaries,
from which a satisfactory result is expected. But
at the departure of the last post he had not been
admitted to the customary audience of the Sultan,
which induced many to believe that his Highness
wished to await the issue of the negotiations."
The Berlin State Gazette of the 28t1:1 ult. brings
no fresh intelligence of any interest.-Prussian
Four per Cents. (March 27) were 93 11-12
93 7-12 ; Ditto, Five per Cents. (1822), English
Loan, 102 104.
The Federal, a Geneva journal, of the 30th ult.,
announces the departure of the Prussian Commis-
sioner, M. Pfuel, for Berlin.
Extract of a letter from Belleisle, dated 26th ult.
Lc Beatinzanoir and Le Fulminant transports have
arrived here from Nantes and Brest. Tile former
has on board 220 men, of whom eight are officers;
the latter, seven officers, with provisions and war-
like stores. These two vessels are to join the expe-
dition of Don Pedro at Terceira. The men are
mostly French or Poles."
FRENCH FUNDS, PARIS. APRIL 2.-Five per Cents. 96f. 50c.
6°c. 70c 75c. 85c. 80c. 90c. 85c. 75c. 96f. 80c. 85c. 80c. Ssc. • Four
per Cents 83f.; Three per Cents 70f. 15c. 10c. sc. 10c. 3c. 20c.
30c. 50c. 65c. '7of. 60c. 50c. 45c. 55c. 50c. ' • Bank Actions, 1,660 f. ;
Rents de Naples, 80f. 40c. 75c. 81f. 80f. 75c. 80f. 70c. 75c. 60c. ;
Roman 5 per Cents. 79,4 ; Royal Spanish Loan, 80 SO4I ;
Rente Perpetuelle d'Espagne, 561,4 :4 57 56F,',", 56%
Beige. Certif 78781,x. Exchange on London, one month, paper,
251. 6,c.; money, 251. 60c.; three mouths, paper, 251. 45c. ;
money, 251. 45c -Cours Authentique.
FRENCH FUNDS, PARIS, APRIL 3 -Five per Cents. 96f. 90c.
85c. 80c. 85c. 90c. 95c. 90c. 95c. 90c. 97f. 96f. 95c. 90c. 80c. 70c.
80c. ' • Four per Cents. 83f. ; Three per Cents. 74. 50c. 45c. 50c.
60c. 55c. St. 55c. 50c. 45c. 70f. 50c. 40c.; Bank Actions, 1,660 f.
1,662 f. 50c.; Rente de Naples, 80f. 90c. 81f. 80f. 95c. 75c. 8 If. 55c.
75c. 70c.55c. 50c. ; Roman Five per Cents., 79,4 SO ; Royal Spa-
nish Loan, 80,4 }6 ; Rente Perpetuelle d'Espagne, 56,4 7',3 57
57!i 57 571 i 57; Begian Certificates, 7S 7814; Haytian Loan,
22 f. 2151. Exchange on London, one month, paper, 251. 60c.;
money, 251. 60c. ; three months, paper. 25f. 45c. ; money, 25f.
45c.-Cours Authentique.

CHATHAM, APRIL I.—Earl Nlulgrave,
vernor of Jamaica, will go out in the Conway, Captain Eden,
ordered to be fitted out here for his reception. On Wednes-
day Sir R. Seppings paid a farewell visit to this yard; he is
succeeded by Captain Symonds, who commences duty this day.
Sir Robert has been twenty years in his present situation as
Surveyor of the Navy. The Warrior, 74, will be towed to this
port from Stangate Creek tomorrow, by the Colombia steamer,
her services in the quarantine department being no longer re.
quired.—Kentish Gazette.
_ -

•
DOVER, APRIL 2.—Yesterday a strong sen-
sation was excited in the public mind by the discovery of a
gown and large quantities of female hair, in a cave near the
military hospital, under the Heights, and hundreds of persons
flocked to the spot, many with pick-axes and spades, being satis-
fied that a murder had been committed, and the body interred
in the adjacent burying-ground, called the " Graves ;" and
surmises became further strengthened by a cap being discovered.
However, after many cart-loads of earth had been turned up,
neither body nor skeleton of the person sought for could be
found, and the crowd reluctantly departed. It has since been
ascertained that a female had been so violently treated as to be
removed, in a very precarious state, to a neighbouring public.
house.

Clem and Dinah went to a magistrate in
Virginia to be married. Clem asked the magistrate his price.
It was, he said, two dollars for marrying coloured people.
Clem asked how much he had to marry white people—five dol.
lars, said the magistrate. " Well," said Clem, " you marry
Dinah and I as you do white people, and I will give you five
dollars." And, so, after the ceremony, the magistrate de-
manded his fee : Clem said, " 0 no, massa, you no come up to
de greement—you no kiss da bride." " Get out of my office,
you rascal," said the magistrate. So Clem got married fur no.
thing.--Ncse York Paper-

CLERICAL FOX-HUNTERS.—The most
striking thing in the whole business, to German eyes, is the
sight of the black coated parsons flying over hedge and ditch.
I am told they often go to the church ready booted and
spn.ired, with the hunting-whip in their hands, throw on the
surpice marry, christen, or bury, with ajl conceivable
velocity, jump on their horses at the Church door, and off
tally ho They told me of a famous Clerical fox-hunter who
always carried a tame fox in his pocket, that. if they did
not happen to find one, they might be:sure of a run. The
animal was so well trained that he amused the hounds for a
time ; and when he was tired of running, took refuge in his
inviolahie retreat—which was no other than the altar of the
parish church. There was: a hole broken for him in the churb
wall, and comfortable bed mask under the steps. This is right
English religion.—Tour of a German Prince.

CANADA.—Extract of a letter from Quebec,
per New York packet:—" The Provincial Parliament of Lower
Canada have placed at the disposal of his Excellency Lord
Aylmer, Governor-in-Chief, 10,000!. to provide for the enforce-
ment of the quarantine regulations next summer. The site cho-
sen for that purpose is Grosse Isle (an island about 35 miles
below the city of Quebec), where there is a good harbour for
ships. The island will be placed entirely under the military, and
all the regulations will be enforced by them. Communications by
telegraph can be received in Quebec in two or three minutes.
Vessels proceeding onwards to Quebec, without stopping to be
overhauled at the quarantine station, will be compelled to go
down again. A Bill has been passed enforcing a duty, pay-
able by the master of the vessel, of ss. currency on every emi-
grant cleared out in Great Britain or Ireland, and 10s. on each
who may be found on board more than cleared. Two children
under fourteen to be considered one, and three under seven;
children under twelve months free. Penalty for putting emi-
grants ashore without payment of duty 51. each."
A great sensation has been produced by a
decision of the Supreme Court of the United States, reversing
the judgment of the Court of Georgia,bywhich the Rev. Mr. Wor-
cester and Dr. Butler, missionaries among the Cherokees, have
been for months confined in the Penitentiary of that
state. By that decision the Indian tribes are recognized as
independent where they had not ceded their possessions.

Li is a remarkable fact, as illustrative of the
state of the trade of London at this moment, that the branch
of commerce in which most activity is manifested, the country
itself being in a state of profound peace, is the shipment of am-
munition and warlike stores, for which the necessity of the
case has procured a complete exemption from the operation
of the quarantine laws. The Powers for whom the demand
has been chiefly created are, the Portuguese Regency at Ter-
ceira, Miguel, the usurper of Portugal, and the Pacha of Egypt.
In the instance of the Pacha, there is not, we understand, any
unusual supply ordered in consequence of the invasion of
Syria, his arsenals, which are drawn almost wholly from
this country, having been previously well stored ; but in the
case of the rival Portuguese Princes it is, of course, a de-
mand wholly arising out of the existing emergency. Both of
them, as many merchants on our Exchange can testify, have
evinced the command of resources, the origin of which is in.
volved in considerable mystery, and far greater, from what is
known of their situation, than they would be supposed in pos.
session of. Every payment on their account has been well se-
cured, or promptly made at once. In all other branches of
trade, with very few exceptions, it is impossible to convey an
adequate idea of the state of stagnation which prevails in the
port of London. Those who are immediately concerned suffer
in silence, because they feel that complaint and remonstrance
must be alike ineffectual to alter their position with Foreign
Powers, in regard to the foolish, and, as it is proved, utterly
useless regulations to keep out the cholera; but such extreme
depression and stagnation, we will venture to say, was never
felt before, since London bore the name of a great trading port.

CAMPBELL, THE POET.—After a three years
residence in Edinburgh, he sailed for Hamburg, where, meet-
ing with a number of Irish exiles, mourning over those revo-
lutionary visions, whose theory had proved so ruinous when
carried into practice, he composed the touching ballad of " The
Exile of Erin." He spent thirteen months travelling in Ger-
many, and, during that time, witnessed, from the walls of a con-
vent, the battle of Hohenlinden, and, after the action, saw the
French soldiers ride up the streets, wiping their yet reeking
swords in their horses' manes. The noble ode, which comme-
morated the terrible struggle, must be familiar to all our readers.
The fearful and the ludicrous are, in this life, strangely blended ;
and we remember being much entertained with a circumstance,
that he narrates in his peculiar and dramatic manner; for few
inen tell a story better than Campbell. Driving, one snowy
day, past a spot where a skirmish of cavalry had taken place,
the postilion suddenly dismounted, and began to examine the
place of action. Campbell sat shivering with intense cold;
but, naturally supposing the object of the search was the
body of some friend or relative, he respected the feelings
of the searcher too much to interrupt the search. At
length, the postilion returned, laden with the long tails
of the slain horses, which he had been coolly em-
ployed in cutting off.—Campbell was one of the first to open
the floodgates of that rich tide of poetry which afterwards
overflowed the land. But, when he commenced writing, the
taste had to be created. For the " Pleasures of Hope,"
Which, for years afterwards, brought nearly three hundred a
year to its publishers, he only received ten pounds. He after -
%Ards obtained a small additional sum, and the profits of a
quarto edition ; and, in progress of time, the copyright re-
verted to him ; but, as is almost always the case with a popular
first work, the author gets the fame, and the bookseller the
emolument. Of Campbell's discontent of the treatment he
received at the hands of these " merchants of the muses," an
amusing anecdote is related. Being asked, at a large dinner,
to give a toast, instead of some patriotic wish, as was expected,
he proposed " BUOtlaparte," who was then at the height of all
the real and imaginary honours with which his name was con-
nected. A general exclamation of surprise went round.
" Gentlemen," said he, " here is, Buonaparte, in his character
of executioner of booksellers." Palm, the bookseller, had just
been murdered by his orders in Germany.—Xational portrait
Gallery. ixr •
SEDUCTION.— At the IA arwleic Assizes, an
action, which excited great interest in that part of the country,
was brought by Mr. Rathbone, the messman of the 3d Dragoon
Guards, against Mr. pierce, an officer of that Regiment, to re-
cover compensation for the seduction of the plaintiff's daughter.
After the cause was called on, the parties came to an arrange-
ment, and a verdict was taken by consent for 1501. damages.
None of the particulars were stated ; but we understand that
the cause of action arose in Birmingham, when the regiment
Was quartered there, three years ago,
