MUSIC.

PIANO FORTES.—Among the various and most consi-
derable improvements in musical instruments we, who
being somewhat musical ourselves, have watched their
progress, are not aware of any that excel, or indeed
equal those which, from time to time, have been introduced
in the piano forte. To the gradual sweetening of the
tone, from that of the German Zumpa's tinkling-boxes,
to that of the mellifluous and brilliant grand pianos of our
own Broadwood, Clementi, and Tomlinson, we have at-
tended with a pleasure inseparable from witnessing the
proofs of English skill ; but no instance of that skill, we
must say, has more powerfully struck us, than that which
has been excited by Mr. W. Collard, who has manufactured
an instrument not larger than the comr.,on square piano
forte,i which, while it is peculiarly elegant in its shape,
produces a volume of tone nearly equal to that of a
grand piano. The touch has the greatest degree of deli-
cacy, and possesses the new advantage of presenting
exactly the same resistaisce to the finger, whether the
dampers be on or off. One perfectly novel improvement
is obtained by the manner of the stringing, which consists'
in a method of fastening the wires in short nooses. By
this ingenious contrivance, they are kept much snore per-
manently in tune, and are infinitely less liable to break.—
These advantages, viewed collectively, are important ; and
however promptly and correctly they may be copied by
foreigners, will add to the honour that has been gained for
their country by the talents of other makers. Whatever
further improvements may be produced in so interesting an
instrument as the piano forte will have our notice ; a cir-
cumstance that, we presume, will be far from uninteresting
to our musical readers.

"On MANY SLAVE SWORN TO ♦DORE ME."—A CAN-
ZONET, WRITTEN BY W. APGREGOR LOGAN. TUE
MUSIC COMPOSED BY JOHN BARNETT.—Though neither
the opening Recitative, nor the Air of this little produc-
tion, is destitute of merit, we cannot profess to admire
either one or the other. They are deficient in originality
and in expression (important requisites in composition,)
and consequently cannot claim our unqualified praise.
ic THE ROSE, A BALLAD."—The melody of this song is
from Weber ; and, though slight and hastily produced,
beers an evident stamp of the parent power from which it
emanated. The words, translated from the German of
Muchler, are prettily conceived ; and the guitar and
piano-forte parts (for the voice is doubly accompanied)
evince considerable knowledge of those instruments, and
more than ordinary judgment in the grand article effect.

A female, belonging to Folkstone parish, is
now living at Shettlesford, near Elham, in the 103 d
year of her age, having a son in his 78th year. She was
born in St. Mary's parish, Dover, in the month of January
1725, and enjoys a good state of health, with a regular and
moderate appetite.
FRIEND, THE MURDERER.—It is suspected
that this man had meditated the horrible plan of reducing
the family of Mrs. Glass to a state of poverty—perhaps to
ruin, as a probable means of inducing Mis.s Glass to accept
his addresses ; and it is inferred from the fact, that several
of the cattle belonging to Mrs. Glass have recently died in
a sudden arid unaccountable manner—two bullocks, it is
said, were opened, and their intestines found to be burnt,
as if by some poisonous ingredient—Cheltenham Chron.
PERSIAN GULF.—Accounts from this quar-
ter, received at Bombay, mention, that a war had broken
out between the Imam of Muscat and the Sheikh of Bu-
shire. The Imaum had seized several vessels and property
belonging to the Sheikh, but no fighting of any consequence
had taken place. It is said the presence of the East India
Company's Resident at Bushire is the sole cause of the
Imaum's refraining from attacking the town. The Imainn
has also announced his intention of sending a frigate and
small vessel of war to blockade the mouth of the Euphrates,
until the demand of a lac and twenty thousand piastres,
made by him on the Busserah Chief, is complied with. He
does net, however, interfere with European vessels. In
other respecter-the Clef is nearly quiet; there being no-
thing more than party fighting among the Chiefs on the Ara-
bian side, as usual.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.

COURT OF KING'S BENCH, APRIL 19.
CRIM. CONo-FLINTON V. BEVAN.

Mr. Sergeant WILDE stated, that this was an ac-
tion in which the plaintiff sought to recover compen-
sation in damages from the defendant, who he
alleged had held criminal conversation with his (the
plaintiff's) wife. The parties in this case were both
in rather a humble station of life, the plaintiff being a
traveller to a commercial house of great respectabi-
lity in this city, and the defendant being employed
in a situation of something of a similar nature. The
plaintiff had been marrielsome years, and the con-
duct of his wife had always been strictly correct up
to the time when she became acquainted with the
defendant; it was then entirely changed; she got
into habits of intoxication, and bad gone so far as to
pawn several articles belonging to her husband.—
From the nature of the plaintiff's employment, he
was necessarily much from home, during which time
the defendant always frequented his house, so much
so that it was calculated to excite suspicion in the
minds of the neighbours; he was, therefore, passed
off by the plaintiff's wife as her brother, with whom
her husband was at variance, and therefore he only
visited her when he was absent. During these
visits the defendant was in the habit of sleeping in
the house, and that a criminal intercourse had taken
place could not for a moment be doubted.

Elizabeth Ditton knew the plaintiff and his wife,
whose maiden name was Elizabeth Stephens. They
were married on the 30th or 31st of January, 1814,
at Newington Church. Witness was present.

Mr. Peter Baker Smith was next called. This
gentleman refused to give his evidence, unless his
expences were allowed him by the attorney who
had subpoenaed him. He had been in attendance
five days, and claimed a guinea a day. He was an
attorney. His claim being satisfied, he proceeded
with his testimony. He had lodged in the same
house with the plaintiff and his wife. He went
there first in the spring of 1825, and continued until
Midsummer, 1826. During that time Mr. and Mrs.
Flinton had always lived together. Flinton was a
traveller in a very respectable house; he and witness
were not on very intimate terms, consequently he
had very few opportunities of judging of the manner
in which they lived. As far as he saw, they ap-
peared to live as they ought to do. Witness seldom
saw them more than once in a month.

Mr. Gates was a clerk in a merchant's counting-
house, and had lived in the plaintiff's house from
Lady-day to Michaelmas-day last year. He had no op-
portimity of judging of the manner in which he and
his wife lived together. The plaintiff was absent
for a part of the time that he resided there. Wit-
ness knew the defendant ; the first time he saw him
was on the 30th of May; .7E:er that time he came
daily during Flinton's absence. Witness made in-
quiries as to his relationship with Flinton; and on
one occasion he asked him in a very pointed manner
if he was the brother of Mrs. Flinton; he replied
that he believed he was, and appeared much eon-
fused. Witness laughed, and immediately left the
room. The first time he saw the defendant was in
the back kitchen with Mrs. Flinton, between one
and two o'clock on the night that Flinton went out.
He did not stop that night. He had since known
him to be secreted in a spare bed-room in the house
all night. Mrs. Flinton slept in the attic. The
spare room was on the second floor. The defendant
was frequently in that room; and when a knock
came to the door which he supposed might be Min-
ton's, he always ran up stairs, and secreted himself
somewhere there. These transactions took place
from May to the end of July. Mrs. Flinton had
gone into the defendant's 'room after her husband
had eaten his breakfast and gone to his employer's
counting-house. She had done this three or four
times, but remained there only a short time, at the
longest not more than ten minutes. Before Bevan
came, witness had heard no quarrelling except on
one occasion,, when Mr. Flinton was intoxicated.
He had never heard Flinton complain of having lost
any thing.
Cross-examined.—They kept no servant. A char-
woman was occasionally employed. They quarrelled
soon after he went into the house, and he had once
seen Mrs. Flinton with a black eye ; but how she
had got it, he did not know, having been in the
country. Witness knew that Mr. Flinton now lived
in Goswell-street, and had called on him, but had
never been introduced to the now acting Mrs.
Flinton.—(A laugh.)—Mr. Minton has a servant
named Betsey May living with him, but witness had
never heard him say that she lived with him other-
wise than as a servant. Betsey had been staying on
a visit at the house where Flinton formerly lived.
She is about 18 or 20 years of age. The first visit
she made was in August last : the plaintiff and Ins
wife had quarrelled only once after she came. It
was about Christmas when the witness called in
Goswell-street. He did not know when Mrs.
Minton left her husband's house, but he understood
she was obliged to sue him to obtain sustenance.

By the COURT.—Flinton is now a lodger in Gos-
well-street, and occupies two rooms, a sitting-room
and a bed-room, the sitting-room having a sofa with
bed clothes on it.

Amy Parsons Hall was only 13 years old : Mr.
Gates was her uncle, and she lived with him at Mr.
Flinton's. When her uncle was out of town, Bevan
was in the habit of coming to the house. She had
once seen Bevan and Mrs. Flinton in a room by
themselves for about a quarter of an hour or twenty
minutes. She did not know how long Bevan might
have been there, nor had she ever seen Mrs. Flinton
on a bed. She was quite sure she had not seen any
thing of the kind, for her aunt had told her to say
so.—(A laugh.)
Mr. Gates recalled—He knew that Bevan had
sometimes been in the house all night, and that Mrs.
Flinton had gone into his room in the morning.
Mr. Sergeant SPANKIE addressed the Jury for the
defendant. He was in hopes he should have been
spared the necessity of addressing them on this
subject. Here was a house which appeared to
have been conducted on liberal principles.—(A
laugh.)-He would explain what he meant by liberal
principles. It was people doing a thing for nothing
for which they generally expected to be paid.—
(Loud laughter.)— The labourer was worthy of his
hire.—(Continued laughter.)—Here was a house to
which a gentleman came, to do what ? to pay visits
to one or two females. From the evidence of the
little girl, it appeared that Mrs. Gates had been very
busy in the business; but why she should be inte-
rested, the Learned Sergeant really did not know.
There was another question he would ask,—whv
had not this Mrs. Gates been called ? She could
most undoubtedly throw a light on the whole affair.
As the case stood, was there any evidence whatever
of any thing improper ever having taken place be-
tween the defendant and Mrs. Flinton ? It had only
been stated, that when questioned as to his rela-
tionship, Bevan had blushed. There certainly had
been no evidence given that could in any way crimi-
nate the defendant. It had been proved that Mrs.
Flinton had been compelled to sue her husband for
the means of subsistence; she might also have done
so to recover her conjugal rights, although it was a
saying, that " although one man may lead a horse
to water, twenty cannot make him drink."—(Laugh-
ter.)—The Learned Sergeant contended, that the
Jury could not, give a verdict on such wretched evi-
dence as had been produced.

The Jury, without the slightest hesitation ,returned
a verdict for the defendant.

LENT ASSIZES.

GLOUCESTER, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 18.
CROWN SIDE.

Thomas Smith was indicted for uttering on the
26th of October, at Presbury, near Cheltenham, a
counterfeit one-pound Bank of England note, know-
ing the same to be forged.
Mr. HORACE TIVISS.-It is not usual in prosecu-
tions for felonies to offer in evidence other acts of
the party charged, which of themselves amount to
felonies; but in cases like the present, prosecutors
are allowed to prove that the parties charged have
on former occasions endeavoured to put off bad notes,
in order that Juries may have evidence of the guilty
knowledge, which is the gist of the offence.
Mrs. Ann Hayward—My husband keeps the
King's Arms, Presbury. The prisoner came on
Thursday, the 26th of October, for a pint of beer.
While I was drawing it, he asked me if I could give
him change for a note. I gave him 19s. 6d. in sil-
ver, and 3d. in copper. He gave me the note. I
had no other Bank of England note in my posses-
sion. lam sure the prisoner is the person. I gave
the note to my husband.
Cross-examined—l did not ask him for his name;
he stopped about three minutes. I was in the bar.
William Hayward—l received the note from my
wife ; I had no other Bank of England note then,
nor have I had any since ; I kept it in my pocket-
book; the corner was accidentally torn as I was
taking it out with some provincial notes. On the
Saturday following I offered it to the Cheltenham
Bank, and put it on the counter; Mr. Ridler, a
clerk there, said it was a bad note ; I put the note
back again in my pocket-book ; I' had not lost sight
of it at the banking-house; I put my pocket-book
with the note in it in my drawer, in the bed-room,
and locked up the drawer; I never parted with the
key of that drawer to any person but my wife.
• Mrs. Hayward recalled—l never parted with the
key of that drawer to any one but my husband. On
Friday, 17th of November, I took the note- out of
the pocket-book, and gave it to Mr. Kearsey to pre-
sent at another Bank.

William Kearsey.—l took the note with the in-
tention to ask at Mr. Hartland's Bank, at Tewkes-
bury, whether it was a good note, but I did not
ask; I took down the number of the note, 47,273;
I returned it to Mr. Hayward on Sunday, the 19th
of November.

Mr. Hayward.-1 received the note from Mr. K.
and am certain it is the same note ; I put it up stain
again in the pocket book, in the drawer, and it re-
mained there until Thursday, the 23d Nov., when I
gave it to Bonner, the constable. On that day I put
my name on it, and Bonner wrote his name on it iu
my presence; I observed that the note was torn
either on the Friday or Saturday after I first received
it from my wife.
Edward Bonner, constable.—Hayward gave me
the note on the 23d of November, about three
o'clock. I immediately wrote my name upon it. I
kept it about three weeks. (The note was hands°
to the witness.) lam certain that is the same note.
John Wood Dean, from the Bank of England,
proved the note a forgery in every point. Ido not
consider it well executed. It might impose upon
the mass of society, who will almost take any thing.
Mr. Baron VAUGHAN.-Why do not the Bank
prosecute ?
Mr. Dean.—Where persons taking notes imme-
diately put a mark upon them, se as to identify them.
the Bank will prosecute when the notes are bad;
but where parties take so little care of their own pro-
perty as to put no name or mark upon the notes, tin
Bank will not interfere.

Mr. Twiss called Mr. Herbert, landlord of the
King's Head, Cheltenham.
Mr. Baron VAUGHAN.—I suppose the note about
which you are now going to give evidence will b(
produced.
Mr. Twtss.—My Lord, I am not in a condition
to produce it.
Mr. Baron VAUGHAN.—Then I shall not admit
the evidence.
Mr. Twtss.—l shall prove the conduct of the pri-
soner—that he offered a note, and withdrew it.
Mr. Baron VAUGHAN.—But you must show that
to have been a forged note.
Mr. Twiss—l may show the scienter, by proving
he was offering notes under suspicious circumstances.

Mr. Baron VAUGHAN-Witimut those notes are
produced it is no evidence at all. Any declaration:
of the prisoner you may offer.
Mr. Twiss—l will give evidence of the note that
is the subject of the next prosecution.
Mr. JUSTICE-I object to that. It is a sepa-
rate offence, on which the prisoner stands separately
indicted.

......
Mr. Baron VAUGHAN—In my opinion there is a
defect in the evidence of the identity of the note
uttered. A note was taken on the 26th of October
and there is nothing until the 23d of November t,,
identify the note excepting that it was torn, as ii
notes were not liable to be torn. Who ever heard
of such evidence of identity ? The case appears te
me very imperfectly made out ; but there is evidence
to go to the Jury, accompanied with such observa-
tions as it will be my duty to make.
Mr. Twiss—My best course will be to offer no
further evidence on this prosecution, but to proceed
to the other case.

Mr. Baron VAUGHAN shortly addressed the Jury.
In a case affecting the life of the prisoner, you can-
not be satisfied with any thing but the clearest proof.
The note is forged; but did the prisoner utter it ;
and did he utter it with a full knowledge ? Then
is not sufficient evidence to satisfy my mind that
this is the same note the prisoner gave Mrs. Hay-
ward. It should have been marked by the prose-
cutor before he let it go out of his sight; and there
is no evidence that the prisoner knew it was a forged
note.
The Jury immediately acquitted the prisoner.
The prisoner Thomas Smith was put upon his trial
for uttering another forged 1/. Bank of England note;
on the 13th of November, at Cheltenham.
Mr. Twiss observed, that this also was a case of
custody, and that the note had changed hands. He
did not, however, feel that he ought to give up the
prosecution without offering evidence.
Amy Hobbs--I am bar-maid at Yearsley's Hotel,
Cheltenham. The prisoner (on Monday, Nov. 13)
came for half a pint of rum, and gave me the note.
IgavehimnoltBes.a 6t
twod. o'clock,insilvei-,a and 'ld.
gavinecopper.titomy
l
took the
mistress at 11. I did not take any other Bank vi
England notes that day. I put the note in a little
box ill the bar. That box is never locked. Nothing
is put in it but the money I receive. lam the only
person who takes money in the bar.
Cross-examined—l Was never once out of the bar
that day, from two o'clock till 11. Not for a
minute. My eyes were constantly on the box the
whole time. I dined and drank tea in the bar;
drank tea by gas-light; the gas was not lighted untii
dusk. I served the customers; they came up to the
bar, but not into it. There were many customers.
Do you mean to swear you did all these things
without the use of your eyes ?—No, Sir, I did not ;
but the box was right before me, and no one could
have touched it without my seeing them.
Mrs. Yearsley.—l received the note from my bar-
maid, either on the 13th or 14th of November. It
was on a Monday or Tuesday. I had not received
a Bank of England note for months before. I passed
it to Mr. Alder on Wednesday the I.sth of Nov. I
had no other Bank of England note in the mean
time.

John Alder.--I took the note from Mrs. Years.

.:..... 'lf):':.Nl \&':. ‘''d
&\I
;.,,.
„...../,,- ,-,zy
h 13 ItVill.) a' ley. I had no ot et a ,0 - gan Rote. I
,paid it, the same day to Mis. Hale, the baker's wife.
Mrs. Hate.'- -I' gariit to triftusbind, ahnoOn-
mediately afteiltta it: -Ha gaire it me bkbh the
next niorning to pay .'Mr. Hanes; the, miller. Mr.
Hanes called that day, Tbaraday. • I"-had no other
Bank of England note. Shortly afterwards Mr.
Hanes returned it to me, and.l ime -it back to Mr.
Hale.
Edward Hants.—l received the note on the 16th
of November and ten minutes afterwards I teok it
to Messrs. Pitt and Gardner's bank, and put it oft
the desk. The clerk said it was ti, forged Vote, and
gave it me back. It was never out of my sight....
returned it immediately to Mrs:Hale.
Mr. Hale—l received the note from ,my wife co-
Wednesday the 15th of November. I had no (Acs
note. I kept it in my pocket-book, and the next
morning I gave it to my wife to pay to Mr. Hanes.
The coat was in my bed-room during the night.
My wife returned me the note, and five minutes
afterwards I gave it back to Alder.
Mr. Alder.—l received the note back from Mr.
Hale, and returned it that evening to Mrs. Yearsley.
Mrs. Yearsley—l received the note back from
Alder, and put -it in my pocket-book and put that
in my pocket. At night time! put the pocket.book
under my pillow. The next day I.gave the note to
Mr. Russell. I can swear that the note Alder gave
me back I gave to Russell, but I cannot swear that
that was the same given to Alder.
George Russell—l am head of the Police at Chel,
tenham. , I received the note on Friday the 17th of
November, at one o'clock, from Mrs. Yearsley, and
wrote my name upon: it. I have known the prisoner
two or three years. He lives in Newman-place,
High-street, Cheltenham, and is a saddler. His
wife keeps lodgings. I sent a me*sage to him. He
eame in the after pert of the day. •• I searched his
house whilst he was in custody, and found no other
notes there. There were two lodgers sitting by•
his fire.

Elisha Castles—l had a warrant, and saw the
prisoner come out of his house. I did not show the
warrant, but told him Mr. Russell wanted him, and
we went together to Mr. Russell. He has not been
at large since.
John Wood Dean proved the note to be a forgery
in every respect.

Mr. Twtss--1 pro .pose now to off
er the evidence
of the former note pissed to Mrs. Hayward.

Mr. Baron VAUGHAN.—There is a double objec-
tion. That was the subject of a separate distinct
charge, and that charge has failed because the iden-
tity of the note was not proved.

The declaration of the prisoner before the Magis-
trate was then read. It stated that three forged
notes which he had, were taken from different per-
sons who had been Ids customers, and whom he
could not find, and it asserted his innocence, and
that he did not know they were forged.
Mr. Newman said the prisoner had been his
tenant for 12 years, and gave him a good character.
Mr. Baron VAUGHAN commented upon the strong
and extraordinary mode of swearing of Amy Hobbs.
This case is stronger with respect to identity than
the last, still it is better in all cases to mark notes;
But if you are satisfied of the identity of the note,
which beyond all question is forged, yon have no
evidence that the prisoner knew it was forged. We
should be all placed in a very dangerous condition if
persons could be convicted on such evidence, for vie
are all liable to take bad notes, which with the most
perfect innocence we may pay away. As there is
no proof of the guilty knowledge, the presumption
in law is in favour of the prisoner's innocence.
Verdict--Not

Tuesday forenoon, as a drunken dustman,
sitting on the shaft of his cart, was furiously driving along
Old-street, St. Luke's, he fell under the near wheel, which
passed over his legs and fractured the bones. He was con-
veyed to a surgeon in Bunhill-row ; and from thence to St-
Bartholomew's hospital.

A seaman, named Smith, residing in the
Church-way, North Shields, lately got married, arid as his
relatives lived at a few miles distance, his wife was unac-
quainted with any of the family. Last week, a woman of
decent appearance called upon her, and stated that she was
the wife of her husband's brother. She was kindly re-
ceived, and tea (though early in the afternoon) got ready,.
Shortly after, the visitor put her band into her pocket,
which was with seeming agitation withdrawn, with the
exclamation, " What shall I do! my husband sent me to
purchase some articles, of which he is in great want, and I
have forgotten my purse, nor do I know how to face him."
Mrs. Smith, willing to oblige her new relation, advanced
ten shillings in order to purchase what was absolutely ne-
cessary. She, however, two days after, on some of bee'
husband's real friends arriving, found she had been com-
pletely taken in.

BOTANY BAY.—Marriages with the " Fac-
tory Ladies" have lately become quite common with the
" Government Gentlemen," in the vicinity of Paramatta ;
rather too common, indeed, to meet the likings of all
parties, who are, and who consider themselves, concerned.
Some of them are "stolen matches." We don't know
that they are exactly the dying-for-lore affairs, nor are they
preceded by elopements. But, by the force of some happy
contrivances, we learn, that the swains and their belles
manage to get linked together, "for better, for worse,"
through the intervention of a Priest, and, occasionally,
without the leave or licence of "the Lords of the Manor,"
who chance to hold in a sort of wardership the "stronger
vessels." These happy, yet illicit alliances, like many
other matters of great State importance, are in course of
investigation, and undergoing a thorough inquiry. The
bridegrooms, after getting the knot tied, assume to exercise
their marital dominion, and claim their better-half to be
delivered up from the " chains and slavery " of a spinning..
jenny, to submit to the bonds of holy wedlock, with all the
incidents..—Australian, August 16.

party of
pniampiciec accompanied
rmeadanpdi
ea:1:e; djvsuiisoctbii
ttlN-ttybi
ni
they
APPREHENSION OF MORE COINERS.--Ili
consequence of private information recently obtained, a
Powell, Solicitor to the Royal Mint, repaired to an obscure
:eoe rfnte,g,
found
theo ums
Coburg
, allo .
man 6,Ta
down to tea in the front parlour. Being taken into cus-
todv, and the house searched, a vast quantity of counterfeit
coin, principally shillings and crowns, together with a
mould, the impression from which even surpassed the die
used by the late Vauxhall gang, and the 'metal used is in-
finitely more deceptive. The prisoners, who had not been
iu that neighbourhood s.bove three months, were conveyed
with the apparatus, in two coaches, to Hatton-garden Of-
fice, where the female ( s 'young person about 27 years of
acre, the mother of two children, and whose husband is now
under sentence of death for a similar offence) gave her name
Mary Good (supposed to be fictitious) ; and the general
surprise was not a little increased, when on the an-
nouncement of her companion's name, it turned out to be
Stanley de Courcey Ireland—a gentleman who, some
months ago, made a considerable figure at the West-end of
the Metropolis, and had only been liberated from prison
since December last. The parties were privately examined,
and remanded for a fortnight.

HASTINGS.-FATAL AVFRAY WITH THE
SmuccrArits.—On Friday night last, a serious affray took
place a little to the eastward of the Fairlight Signal Station,
between the Preventive Service Men and the Smugglers;
the latter about twenty in number, came down to aid in
the running of a load of contraband spirits, it is supposed
about 150 tubs. They attacked the Blockade with stout
bludgeons, on which the latter fired upon them ; the
Smugglers immediately dosed with them, and the struggle
became desperate. Unfortunately the Smugglers suc-
ceeded iu wresting, some of the muskets from the Block
ads, which they used in a most merciless manner. Some
of the Blockade were dreadfully wounded with the butt-
ends, one man was run through the body with a bayonet,
which was left sticking in ; and so desperate was the
struggle, that one of the muskets was actually broken
asunder. The Smugglers at length retreated, leaving one
dead ; one was discovered afterwards, having been ape
parently dropped by the Smugglers, and another has since
been found, some distance on the way to Ickleshant ; the
body was scarcely cold. The place of action was covered
with blood ; and by the quantity of blood which lies about,
there must have been a great many more very desperately
wounded, who were carried off by the Smugglers, to pre-
vent their giving any information. A Coroner's Inquest
will be held on the bodies, this afternoen. We understand
the life of the Blockade-man, who was stabbed with a

bayonet, is despaired of; the others are likely to recova
in time. The boat, ou the beginning of the contest, put
off to Rea again, and reached the lugger in safety..—Brighton
Paper.
