ROTUNDA PETITION,

Mr. O'CONNELL presented 'a petition from per-
sons assembled at the " Rotunda in Illackfriers-
road. The petition stated it was with surprise
and astonishment they heard that his Majesty's
Prime Miniteer bad stated that the country was
satisfied with the present *tate of the representation, and
they begged of the House not to believe one word of whet
the Duke stared. (Laughter.)—They prayed fer radical
reform, in which prayer he (Mr. O'Connell) heartilycon•
mord. The Hon. Member then moved for returns If the
amount of duty paid on cotton and linen cloth, sugar, tea;
coffee, malt, and several other articles imported into he-
loud within the last eight years.—Ordered.
Mr. WARBURTON presented a petition, but from the
noise prevailing in the Hours; we were.unahle to catch the
purport of it in the gallery.
Mr. HUME, in speaking on the petition, said that the
House would never be constituted until Ministers had no
place there er were not allowed to vote..—(Hear, hear.)
He had .no objection that they should have a seat for - the
purpose of answering any questions that might be pot to
them, but he contended that' they Ought net to be
allowed to vote there; it, was the ease in other countries, and
he did not see why it should not he so in this. lie, how-
ever, would not step, here; he would sty that no
Minister, that no naval or military akar,' or any
one holding a civil appointment, under the Con-
stitothsn should have a seat in that Hotime.,—(lfear,
heir, end great laughter.) It was only natural
that they "shop hl look forward to premiat,,,a, and
therefore the House could nut featly' represent the
country until it bad purged itself of every place-
Man. Ile would even go further and v,,y that
no East India Director, or Bank Director, should
have a place within its walls.—(Hear, hear, bear, and
laughter.) It must come to that, and be hoped the day
was not far distant when no MiniStur of the Crown Would
he afiewed to vote, even if be had a< place in it,
LONDON BRIDGE.
The Sheriff of London appeared at the bar and presented
Et petition from the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and CoutrnOn
amend the London Bridge Act. —Referred to a Comtui
Council of Lpado, praying fs.r leave to bring in a Bill to
ttee.
The Sheriff then presented another petition from the
Lord Mayor, Aldermen, mid Common Council; .preeinil.
for Parliamentary Reform.

jr. - Alderman WOOD said the Corporation of London
brut inetemblLsl P.) t'9l)tildvi the great subject of Parliameo•
tarry Reform, and he wits ennyinced if the great body of
,Isti Liverymen had been tunielOtted, pinety.nitie out of
every livitdred of them would have been in favour of
that triecothe, JVpiwit tattling the declaration of thP
Prime Minister, he eau pogre his Majesty's Minieterw
that no change had taken pI4CO tit tl;,e reeling of the
country. Honourable Members must be aware. haw
their constituents were suttering under" the present
state of things, awl until a reform in Perliaicent had been
etected the country would never ha tilde to obtain those
changes to which they were entitled. Ile boiled (rain
what took Owe last night, that a eltarige was about to take
pl.ice, and tie hoped on this night that their coritittlent‘
would bear that Ministers could' riot 'much looser hold
their places. regretteil itittelt that illness.preventet(
his voting hi the majority last night. "Die Worthy Alderman
was about proceeding into a statement respecting Ministers
advising the King not to visit the city, when he was inter-

rupted by loud cries of " Question, question," from the
Ministerial benches. He had no doubt it was a disagreeabl
thing tuir Minister* to reflect on the advice they hid 'given
the Sovereign, founded as it was on the declaration of two
well persons as those from whom they received it.. He
was sure his Maj"sty might have gone safe, and lie would
have dune all in his power to have preserved the public
peace.---(Hear, and Laughter.)—Several Members tools
the oaths and their seats.

RESIGNATION OF
MINISTERS!!!

Shortly after Four o'clock Mr. Secretary PEEL addressed
the Speaker as follows:--.-It is, Sir, with the most un-
feigned respect to the' House, that I take the earlie•t op-
portunity of publicly stating, in consequence of what oc-
curred last night, that I felt it my duty this morning to
wait upon the King, and humbly and respectfully to in-
form his Majesty,
,that t could no longer undertake, as far
as I was conc,rned, the administration of public affairs
with satisfaction to myself, or advantage to the country;
and I have further to acquaint the House that his Ma-
'jolty wag graciously pleased to accept of niy resignation.
I therefore now only hold office in the Home Department
until such time as my successor can be appointed. It
only remains for me now to state, that every other Mem-
ber of his Majesty's Government have also tendered their
resignations, which resignations have been accepted, and
they, too, only hold office until such time as their succes-
sors may be appointed.
The address of the Right Hon. Gentleman was listened
to with the moat profound silence from all parts of the
House, which was exceedingly crowded before three
o'clock.

Lord ALTHORP roue, but spoke in so low a tone
as to be inaudible. The Noble Lord observed, after the
declaration of the Right Hon. Secretary, the House was
placed in such circumstances that he thought it
would be impossible for his lion, and Learned Friend,
Mr. Brougham, to bring forward his important motion
for Reform on that night. He never remembered when
there was a deficiency in the Administration that a ques-
tion of such vital importance was discussed. He therefore
put it to his Hon. Friend whether he had not better post •
pone it.

Mr, BROUGHAM said, with the greatest respect for
House, he must say that be felt the greatest repugnance
in putting off his motion ; It was, however, a question of
such vital importance, that the Noble Lord had a lid
it ought not to be discussed whilst there was a deficiency
in the Cabinet. He concurred with the sentiments of the
Noble Lord. He must, however, take that opportunity to
say, that a question of such importance,in his opinion, bad
never been discussed within the walls of that House, be
therefore felt great responsibility and fear in taking any
step to retard its being discussed. He would, however,
bow with deference to the opinion of the House.
Although a change in the administration was about to
take place, that was a measure that could not by by pos.
sibility affect him. He might, therefore, take this oppor-
tunity of stating that if he did not proceed in making his
motion for Reform pursuant to his notice this evening, he
should put it off only to the 25th of this month, and no
longer, for he was determined, let who would be his Ma.
jesty's Ministers, to bring forward the question of Parlia-
mentary Reform.,—(Loud cheering.)
Sir R. PEEL trusted the House would excuse him
for one moment. The Noble Lord opposite (Althorp)
had stated that in consequence of the resignation of Mi-
nisters, the country would be in a most precarious state,
as there was then no administration existing. As this might
be very much misunderstood in some parts of the country,
he thought it ought to be generally known that as long as
a Minister held the seals of his office he was competent
virtually to act.—(Hear, hear.)--And, for himself, until
be had delivered up the seals of his office to his Sovereign
—( Hear, hear)—he should feel called upon, if necessity re-
quired it, to exercise those functions just the same, as if he
had not re.igned-L-(Heitr, hear) :..and be trusted he should
have the support of the .flnusis....(Hear, bear)—in any
measure which the public welfare of the country required.
—(Loud cheering:)

Lord ALTH6RP observed, that the explanation given
by Sir Robert Peel was net exactly in accordance with
his sentiments. He hid been misunderstood, by the Right
Hon. Baronet, what he said was thitt in consequence of
.the resignation of Ministers, the country was placed under
circumstances in which It motion of the nature of that of
the lion. Member for Yorkshire never hail been made.
Mr. Alderman WAITIIMAN rare, but the confusion
in the House wan so great, as to render it impossible for
the worthy Alderman to make himself heard. We under•
stood him, however, to deprecate the petition which had
been presented, and to observe, that be was determined
not to be cried down. He could not abandon his duty
though Ministers bad abandoned theirs.
_ _

Brougham shortly after left the House, as did al.
most every Alember. Shortly afterwards the House
adjourned.

Petitions were presented from several places against the
abolition of negro slavery, and • against the return of
Menthe's fur various places, on thetground of undue election.
The Rouse adjourned at Five o'clock till to-morrow.

LONDON GAZETTE

OF THIS EVENING,

Whitehall, Nov. 11, 1880.

The King hae been pleased to order a conga d'rlire t
pase the Great Seal, empowering the Dean and Chapter c
the Cathedral Church of Exeter to elect a Bishop
that See, the same being void by the translation o,
the Right Reverend Father God Chri.topher. late
Bishop of Exeter, to the See of Bangor ; and his Majesty
Imo also been pleased to recommend to the said Dean and
Chapter, Henry Phillpotts, Doctor in Divinity, to be by
them elected Bishop of the said See of Exeter.

Foseign-Office, Nov, 11, 1830,

The King has been graSiously pleased to appoint the
Right lion. Lord Burghersh /ate his Majesty's Envoy Er*
traordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to 'the Urend
Duke of Tuscany) to be his Majesty's Envoy Extraordi-
nary and Minister Plenipotentiary to tke King of the Two
Steilies.

The King hay alto been graciously pleased to appoint
the Ilan. John Duncan Thigh '(now Secretary to his Ma-
jesty's Legation at Florence) to too SeCretary to his Ma-
jesty's. Embassy ut the Hague.
The King hos also been graciously pleased to appoint
Henry Parish, Esq. (some time attached to his Majesty's
Embassy •itt the Sublime Porte) to be Secretary to his
Majesty's Legation in Greece.

Forvign-OtTice. Nov. 16.

Tho King hag been graciously pleas d to appoint Lord
Arthur Marcus Cecil Hill (bate Secretary`to his Majesty's
!Special Entbassy. to Brazil) to be Secretary to his Majesty's
Embassy at. Constantinople.
The King has also been graciously pleased to appoint
the flonotiourable George Edgecutnbe, now Secretary to
his Majesty's Legation in Swissairlaud, to be Secretary to
his Majesty's Legation at Florence.
The King bar also been graciously pleased to appoint
Themes Foley Wilmot, Esq., now attached to his Ma-
jesty's Etstbaoty in Russia, to be Secretary to his Majesty's
Legation in Swisserland.

Admitslty.,ollcc, Nov. I.
Majegy has been graciously pleased to appoint
Captain the Honourable Pownoll Bastard Mow to, be
one of hi* blep*ty's Aides-de-Camp, in the room of Cep.
taro George F. Seymour, who resigns.

Lord Clisinherlaints•Olnee, Nov. L., 1830•
Orders fi►r the Court's going into mourning, on Thurs.
ley next the 18th instant, for her late Serene, Highne►s
he Lar►dgravine of gem Rotherubourg, first .cousin to
[ter Majesty.

rifle lathes to wear black silk, fringe.' or Oda
white gloves, necklaces and ear-rings, blielcor white shots,
tans and tippets,.
The (ientlemen to wear trimmed, frin;cd or
plum lino, black swords c►nd Wales,
The Court to change the summing on Thursday the
2fith instant

The Ladies to wear black silk or velert, coloured rib
boos' '
fans and tippets, or plain white, or white and gold,
or white and silver stuffs,lwith black ribbon*.
rrtie Gentlemen to wear black coats, and black or plain
white, or white and gold, or white and silver stuff waist-
coat*, full trimmed, coloured swords am! burklvss
4411 OR Sund4y tire 28th instant, the Court to go out
pf ranuraigg.

Office of Ordnance, Nev. 12.
Royal Regiment of 4rtillery.
Filet Lieut. IL Stanway to be Secivad Captain* vice
Rich, retired on hill-Pay, dated Nov. f 1 , Second Lieut,
W. 11. A.kvvitb, to he First Lieutenant. dated Nov. 6.
To be Second Lieutenant.
Gent. Cadet E. M, St. J. Joseph, vice Lake, promoted,
dated Nov. 6.
Gent, Cadet 11. Popham, vice Edridge, promoted.
Cent. Cadet 11. M. 'l'uite, vice Illathim, promoted.
Gent. Cadet W, E, Ilvitland, vice Wynne, promoted.

Gent. Cadet G. Inner; vie* Warren, promoted.
Gent. Cadet F. M. Wilmot, Tice Benn, promoted.
Gent. Cadet M. C. Losack, me Deschamps, promoted.
Gent. Cadet .1. W. Fitablayer, vice Burroughs, pro-
moted.
Gent. Cadet G. R. H. Kennedy, vice Smith, promoted.
Gest. C4det. G. Sodium, vice Shone, promoted.
Gent. Cadet G. V. Cockburn, vice Tindal, promoted.
Gent. Cadet R. Cockburn, vice Boger, promoted.

DECLARATIONS OF INSOLVENCY.
Thomas Manley, Wentworth-street, Whitechapel, sugar-
refiner.

AANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED.
George Tbowaa Elk, Silver-etreet, wine-merehent.
BANKRUPT&

James Hart, Hand-court, Holborn, wine-merchant, to
surrender Nov. 19-, 26, and Dec. 28, at eleven, at the
Court of Commissioners. Evitt, Price, and Lucas,
Haydon.square, Minories.
William Kemp Hodges.. Minories, linen-draper, Nor.
'23, 30, awl Der. 28, at eleven, at the Court of Commis-
sioners. Thompson, George-street, Minories.
George Smith, Leeds, commission-agent, Nov. 24, 25,
and Dec. 28, at two, at the Court-house, Leeds. Hard-
wick and Guest, Lawrence-lane, London ; Lee, Leeds.
George Dyson, Pall-mall, picture-dealer, Nov. 19, at
two, 30, at half-past twelve, and Dec. 2s, at three, at
the Court of Commissioners. Burn and Newton, Ray-
mond-buildings, Gray's Inn.
George . Watson, Bentley-Grange, Yorkshire, tanner,
Nov. 24, 25, and Dec. 28, at eleven, at the Sessions-
house; Wakefield. Preston. Tokenhouse-yard, London.
John Goodwin, Stoke-upon-Trent, rope-maker, Dec.
13, 14, and 28, at one, at the Union Hotel, Lane-end,
Staffordshire. Young, Lane-end; Rubor, Fetter-lane,
Lamina.

Henry Bowring, Mincing-lane, colonial-broker, Nov.
19, at twelve, 80, at ten, and 29, at twelve, at the
Court of Commiunioners. Baddeloy, Leman-street, Good-
man's-fields.

Richard Hardman Higham, New Bond-street, hatter,
Nov. 19, at ten, 23, at eleven, and Dec. 28, at ten, at
the Court of Commissioners. Cook and Hunter, New-
Inn, Landon.

Thomas Walley, Manchester, grocer, Nov. 29, Dec. 1
and 28, at two, at the York Hotel, Manchester. Hitch-
cock. Manchester; Hurd and Johneon, Temple, London.
William Edwards, Lane-end, Stoke-upon-Trent, Staf-
fordshire, earthenware-manufacturer, Dec. 13, 14, and
28, at twelve, at the Union Hotel, Lane-end, Stoke-upon-
Trent. Young, Stoke-upon• Trent ; Barbor, Fetter-lane.
Thomas Howlett the younger, Aston, Warwickshire,
grocer, Nov. 25, 26, and Dec. 28, at one, at the Royal
H0t4,1, Birmingham. Adlington, Gregorie, and Faulkner,
Bedf.r.l.row.

We understand that the QUEEN has, with a
view to the encouragement of the manufactures of the
west of Scotland, given directions for procuring patterns
of the shawls made in Glasgow and Paisley.—. Glasgow
Chronicle.

NOSTRUMS.--Arllong the doctors, whom
the consumptive state of the country has set to rubbing the
back of Old England, is one who calls himself a" Hermit,"
awl who, it stems, has been lately promulgating his schemes
through the medium of the Times; but, afraid that they
Might be lost amid the multifarious stores of the Leading
Journal, he has now collected them fur the public good in
the more assuming form of a pamphlet. The nostrum of
the Hermit is an income-tax ; which he introduces to the
reader by turtle observations on reform--to them we shall
give no other answer than the brief monosyllable which we
have in another place recommended to the notice of Par-
liament. The income-tax scheme is nearly the same a
one promulgated by Mr. Doctrine 11Alf in his lectures on
India, as a substitute for the present mode of taxation in
that country. The Hermit calculates, that out of twelve
millions, the population of, England, nine millions and a
half are labourers and children *here are no women in
Eagland—..SAlNT Join; Lotto hits rubbed them out);
these are net to be taxed at all. The rernaining two
millions and a half he would divide into twenty clams
the first ten, c►imprehending handicrafts, tradesmen, and
manufacturers, with incomes varying from forty or fifty to
one thousand pounds. The lowest clue, he proposes,
shell pay thirty shillings, the highest tweety-ieven pound.
a year. These ten classes will, he calculate', produce
five milliots. Merchants, whose incomes run from one
thousand to ten thousand pounds, are to pay by the scheme
from thirty to- three hundred pounds. There are some
other details, which it is unnecessary to advert to. It Is
needless to combat the reveries of a writer who gravely
proposes that a tradesman who earns twenty shilling• a
Week should be rated at thirty shillings, and a Merchant
who gains ten thousand a year should be rated at three
hundred pounds, in lieu of all indirect taxes. Bad as the
present distribution of taxes may be, it is not quite so bad
as this, Leaving the scheme as too ridiculous for attn.
Lion, there is still some reason in the proposal of the author
to substitute direct for indirect taxation. There can he
no doubt that the former is in many respects superi. r to
the latter. An indirect tax is not only grievously aggra-
vated before the article taxed reaches the consutner, but,
while the manufacturer and all the tribe of transmitters
add to the price, there is a temptation, which has ever
bean found irresistible, to take from the quality. We
believe that an income-tax, not descending lower than one
hundred a year, anti rising on incomes above that sum
from five to forty or fifty per cent. would afford great
relief, by the taxes on manufacture which it weuld set
free ; but es we have not the slightest reason fur supposing
that it will ever be adopted, the diecussion of its beuefite
or evils is not, perhaps, imperatively called for even from
a Hermit.:—Spectator.

TIIE 11014.M1t. AGAR ELLIS.--THE ARTS
AND LITRRATURP.—Reverting, however, to his patron-
age of the tine arts, we have to paint Mr. Egos as the
steady and generous friend to nor native echoes). The
judgment exhibited in the collection which adorns the
walls of his mansion in Sprinr-gardeas, proclaims the
connoisseur as well as the amateur; and almost every
picture is a gem, which► one would be tempted to chose as
the best specimen of the artist extant, always to be referred
to as a pleasing example of his style and execution.
Among these the celebrated composition of the Quexi.'n
Trial by lIATTRR, le memorable as a historical document,
in a gallery of distinguished portraits such as has rarely
been produced ; while the works of LAwasirct, COLLINS,
JaccsoN, Lesteir, NEWTON, and other eminent contem-
poraries, add to the treasures of this selection, no less diS.
tinguiebeti by its uniform taste end feeling, than by the
grace, beauty, and interest of its component parts. In
literary pursuits, similar discrimination and refinement
have marked the career of Mr. Et.us. As an author, he
has published within a short time, " The True History of
the State Prisoner, commonly called the Iron Mask, ex-
tracted front documents in the French Archiveu." " His-
torical Inquiries respecting the Character of EDWARD
/him, Earl of CLARENDON, Lord Chrincellor of England."
" The &L is' Correspondence," in two octavo volumes, and
illustrating a remarkable period of the annals of Englind,
from the letters of the Editor's family. Mr. Et us also,
in 1822, produced a Catalogue Ilaisonne of the principal
pictures in Flanders and Holland; which was printed, but
not published; and we have reason to know, that be is
the writer of some able reviews, both in the Edinburgh
and Quarterly Reviews, as well as of articles in Maga-
zines, Annuals, and other periodicals, which reflect great
credit upon his fancy and talents, In the separate works
we have enumerated, the author has displayed touch ele-
gant literature, and an acute and critical mind. Fellowitig
M. DELOKT, he loot demonstrated almost beyond doubt, as
far as circumstantial evident* can go, that the Iron Mask
Was Count lIRRCULES ANTHONY MATTHIOLI• a Ilolognrae
by birth, and. Secretary of State to CUARRRII 111. Duke
of Marrua. But whether this fact is acknowledged or
not, there can be no question as to the ability with which
Mr. Etetas has treated it. The Historical Inquiries ap-
peared the year after the Iron Mask, namely 1828, and
still farther elevated their author's reputation. His in-
vestigation of the character of Lord CLAitaNDoN is a
well.written and clever volume; and it is curious to
find that so new a view of the case should have re-
ceived such considerable countenance since, by the pub
lication of Lord ASHRURNHAM'S exposition of the
conduct of Ilirox towards his ancestor, the JACR
ASHIWANHAM of the unfortunate CLIARLISS T. The
P.l.Lis Correspondence is a performance of still greater
historical value; said, while it interests the reader
I.y its variety, throws a certain light upon many trans-
actions that have exercised the ingenuity anti research
of preceding authors, without having been hitherto
satisfactory developed or explained. Altogether, we would
repeat our remark upon these productions, that it ;9
gratifying to find rove of rank, notwithstanding the
multitude of claims which public business presses upon
•hem, devoting the hours of private relaxation to such en-
nobling labours, and raising
_for themselves a name that
will last for agea, rather than indulging in that* temporary
dittrementa which so profusely court them from the quiet
paths of assiduous study. " When the schoolmaster (to
nee a hackneyed phrase) is abroad," and when the toe of
iehe peasant treads so nearly upon the heel of the courtier,
et is advantageous for a country to see the foremost in the
tietti of station and fortune, emulous of being also the fore-
mist as ornamente and benefactors of society.—National
Portrait Gallery of illustriousand Rnaintrit Periana3rs4.
