FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

PARIS, JLLY 3.—ln the night of the 26th lilt'
a Russian courier proceeding to Madrid Passed
through Bayonne.
A letter from a merchant of Reus (Catalonia)d
addressed to a French merchant, which arrive,.
yesterday, states that the Province of Tarragona
was entirely cleared of the insurrectionary bandi:
which infested it. Battalions of Mountain Chas"
seurs were organized to march against thiel
remains of the Army of the Faith, which ha
taken refuge, under the orders--of the. TrapPist9
in the mountains of Catalonia and Navarre. The
inhabitants of the country, like those of the
towns, display much ardour ,in combating these
bands, consisting of robbers, smugglers, thieves)
and vagabonds.—(Constitutionnel.)
CASSEL, JUNE 25.—An event equally
extract'',
dinary and melancholy took place lately at tire:
bern, three leagues from hence. A Protestor'
Minister shot himself through the head in the
pulpit, at the moment when he was about to com'
mence his sermon. This unfortunate man had
d
for some time involved himself in an excess °f
which probably deranged his min°.

SMYRNA, Mar 15.
[Extract of a Private Letter from a Young Greek.]
" My Dear Brother,—Prepare yourself oal
reading this letter to summon to your aid al
your strength of mind ; the blow which has str"l‘
us is so terrible that it required the exertion °
all mine not to succumb under it. This opening
alarms you—estimate at once the extent of oor
misfortunes—we have to weep for our c')untrf!
the beautiful Scio, in the power of our barbarotP
enemies—we have to deplore the loss of our nu-
merous family.
" Of all our relations, my youngest sister ai°-
escaped ; by a miracle, owing to the protectinl
of a generous Frenchman, she has been restored
to my embraces. How can I speak to you of our
father ? Alas ! this venerable old man now
plores the Supreme Being for his country, un
for the unfortunate children who have survived
;
him. The following are the details of his dread
ful assassination :—You know that he and °ad
two brothers, Theodore and Constantine, an
your father-in-law, were amongst 'the hostage
shut up in the Castle On the Bth inst.; they weat
out with the Archbishop, and it appears that
notwithstanding the promises of the barbarians'
they bad been all the time confined in dun-
geons ; they were placed in two lines, and were
either hung or put to death with prolonged tor-
ments.
44 Our father and his companions witnessed
e
with tranquillity the preparations for their exec-;
tion, and these martyrs to their fidelity did 11°
lose their presence of mind for a single instant.-:
Our sister Henrietta is a slave/-and I have n°'
yet succeeded in discovering to what country of
Asia the infamous ravishers have carried
Nor have I yet been able to obtain the least ter
1r
formation respecting the fate of our dear mother
and three other sisters ; the destiny of your win
and her family has also escaped my search I
. can
short, our misfortunes are so great that
scarcely credit them.
yea
" On the 11th instant I quitted Seio---sa- ,•
by a miracle from the dangers of the most %MP;
nary catastrophe, of which any one can form ae
idea. But I do not feel that joy which 04
might experience on being delivered from the
dreadful perils to which I have been exfoae_,s
Hatred and indignation against our executionet'h
are the only sentiments which can henceforth
dwell in my heart. Thanks to the Bur°Piaao
costume which I have adopted, the captain ° but
English vessel agreed to take me on boar' Lurks
my dreadful situation interested neither
Ise
nor Englishmen. The captain of the vu'ect
would not allow me to embark till I had reckon,,„r
out to him 300 piastres, and it was not till 11.11-ti
he had examined them one b that I recelv°
y one d the
from him permission to set my foot on boar in 6
vessel, whatever was my danger in rectillthe
longer on board the chaloupe. I have lei' 01
island in ashes. The Turks, after pillagingd to
the houses, set them on fire, and joining savor
fire to demolish them more readily, they of
molished them to the last stone, in the °Pe
finding concealed treasure. teen on I
" Throughout the opulent Scio only fit
00r
houses are standing, containing our motherhoost
sisters, and our daughters, reduced to the foe
dreadful slavery. There the monsters Pr pas.
every thing to gratify their rage and thele sol.•
sions ; and often the virgins, whom they ha/ s the
lied by their embraces, receive from thenaselveteans
death which they wish for. All the cll,,ale,in
which rendered our island the most agree 4" r
the Mediterranean—our academy—the libilraictort
the superb edifices of St. Anaigiroso, St• forty
A of
the Apostles--86 churches, and upwards ps
villages,—have been consumed by the On). the
" The ferocious incendiaries then scoured at
no
mountains and the forests and they are h
th°
the 24th village of Mastic. These tigers/ forest,
sand times more cruel than those of the 10eh
have vented that 'hatred upon the dead -t:Enbs/
they bear to the living. They opened the r fa.
and threw into the streets the bones of e.ll were
thers, and the corpses of their own victims
dragged by the feet through the brooks. .0 the
" Every day women of the first families rkets;
Island are exposed to sale.in the public in: vases
articles of great value, such as ,the sacred to ha-
of the Greek and Catholic churches, and the
biliments of the priests, are by these vrtrervev
sold at a vile price.—Through the lavrench
tion of the Charge d'Affaires of the J: 35
Consulate, I have succeeded in purChusli.fi are
women, whose names I send you, and w"°
now in safety at the Consulate. is have
" Since my arrival here the same
been renewed every day ; there airlealicsaeristelesfilenso,
diamonds, rich pelisses,, jewellery, c
stuffs, in short, all kinds of valuable a ay for
which are in the streets, and are given 'a‘vben all
nothing. How should it be otherwise, wt lb t°
the inhabitants of Asia/ from children °` froco
old men of 80, embark every day for Scio Nire
whence they return laden with our sPV.,sropea• ns
can only return our thanks to the r.'".11 thef
who reside at Smyrna; they have done
could to purchase our women ; but to Parch"

dun'

I were
11 tor'

nessed

.savea
legal-
rra an

Living
the
all
,rd to
de;
pe 0'

meet),
our
wo w
ct
ofole
Pal"
e 511"
es the
teal°
le
LrY'
ictor,
forty

haVe
,s 4
fi°°
icier,
for
ni
31'
