THE KING V. WRIGHT, MAYOR OF SUNDERLAND.

The ATTORNEY-GENERAL moved in this case that cer-
tain affidavits might be read on the hearing of the case.
It was a rule in the nature of a quo warranto, calling upon
the defendant to show by what authority he exercised the
office of Mayor of Sunderland. The Learned Gentleman
proceeded to state at length the grounds upon which he
made the present application, notice of which had been
served upon the other side.

The COURT saw no objection to the application.

ARCHES COURT.--(THIS DAY.)

Before Sir HERBERT JENNER.
This being the first day of Term, the Dean of the
Arches, and the Counsel and Proctors attended prayers.
Dr. Robertson was admitted as a Civilian to practise in
this .Court.

TAYLOR V. MORLEY.
iThis is a proceeding instituted by the Churchwardens of
Newport Pagnel against the Rev. George Morley, the
Vicar of the parish, for acting disrespectfully to the Vener-
able the Archdeacon while on the Visitation. The case is
one of appeal.
Dr. LUSHINGTON appeared for the Churchwardens, and
contended that a case had been made out ; that the Rev.
Mr. Morley had been guilty of improper conduct, and that
he. ought to be canonically censured.
Dr. ADAMS, for the Rev. 11Ir. Morley, said he should
contend that there was no case made out against his party,
and that the Officer of the Judge had been promoted in
the most improper manner ; that it was not the suit of the
Churchwardens, but of the Very Rev. and Venerable the
Archdeacon—He should submit with confidence that his
party ought to be dismissed with costs.

-Dr. LiJSHINGTON proceeded to argue the case, and relied
with confidence on the evidence to show that the Rev. Mr.
Morley had been guilty of most improper conduct, amount-
ing to drawing.
The Learned ADVOCATE proceeded to investigate the
evidence, shewing that the Rev. Gentleman had not con-
formed to the authority of the Archdeacon, and that he
had desired him to turn him out of his own Church, on
the Archdeacon's calling upon the.parties proceeded against,
not to interrupt the proceedings of the day. The case was
proceeding when our reporter left.

CENTRAL CRIMINAL COURT.
(THIS DAT.)

The Lord Mayor, the Judges, Aldermen, and Sheriffs,
met to-day at 11 o'clock in the Old Court, for the purpose
of appointing the days for the sitting of the Court during
the ensuing year. The Judges present were Mr. Justice
Littledale, Mr. Justice Gaselee, Mr. Justice Vaughan, Mr.
Baron Parke, Mr. Baron Alderson, Mr. Baron Bolland,
Mr. Baron Gurney, Mr. Justice Pattison, Mr. Justice
Bosanquet, Mr. Justice Williams, and Mr. Justice Coleridge.
The following are the days appointed for the Court's sit-
ting during the ensuing year :—Monday, November 28 ;
December 12, 1836 ; January 2, January 30, February
27, April 3, May 8, June 12, July 3, August 14, Septem-
ber 18, and October 23, 1837.

The Court then adjourned to Monday, November 28.

THE MARKETS-(THIS DAY).

CORN EXCHANGE.
The supply of Wheat continues moderate, and the millers
being indisposed to purchase, there has been little business
done to-day at Monday's prices. Barley is fair supply, and
the rates are unaltered. Beans and Pease continue as on
Monday. T',:e quantity of Oats has increased, chiefly from
Ireland, and this article remains at Monday's terms. The
Flour trade remains as last reported.
Alt R I VALS.
Wheat. Barley. Oats. Flour.
English
Irish . 6SQ '20,160
Foreign 1,590

RAILWAYS AT No TTINGIIAM.—We observe by
the Nottingham papers that a very full meeting of the Cor-
poration has been held, to consider the propriety of encou-
raging and supporting the projected railways to that impor-
tant town. The subject was ably argued, and a great ma-
jority decided hi favour of the motion. A Committee was
appointed to act on behalf of the Corporation with the Di-
rectors of the projected lines, and the one from Hull, the
chief sea-port for the North of Europe, was particularly
applauded. That from Boston was also favourably received.
The very considerable rise which has taken place in
the value of wheat on the corn market has created a great
deal of attention in the City, and it proves that the harvest
in the north df Great Britain and Ireland is a complete
failure Wheat has been quoted at an advance of 3s. per
quarter, and flour has advanced ss. per sack.
The Rev. George Stoors has been sentenced to
three months in the House of Correction by a Justice of
the Peace in Pittsfield, N. H., for delivering an anti-slavery
lecture in that place.—N. E. Spectator (an American
Paper.)
The new church erected in St. Clement's parish,
Ipswich, at the sole cost of the Rev. J. T. Nottidge, the
Rector, was consecrated last week by the Lord Bishop of
Sodor and Man, in the presence of a large congregation.
The cost is estimated at 2,0001. It contains about 750 sit-
tings, of which 300 are free.
The Countess of Munster, accompanied by another
lady, paid a visit yesterday to the little Donna Santiago de
los Santos, wife of the Spanish dwarf. Having expressed
an earnest wish to see the patient, she was ushered into her
bedchamber, and conversed with her for half an hour, ex-
pressing much wonder and satisfaction at the almost mira-
culous birth which had lately taken plhce. Her Ladyship
promised shortly to repeat her visit, accompanied by some
of her noble and Royal relatives, and, on her departure,
acted in the most munificent manner towards the lady and
her attendants, as well as to the little Don.
In the parish of Chulmleigh alone, which contains
about two thousand inhabitants, there are no less than
sixty-one old maidens, fifty-three marriageable, and forty-
two widows, and only fifteen widowers, and thirty-one ba-
chelors ; so that it will he found by a few figures there are
one hundred and ten females who apparently have but a
slight chance of ever being led to the hymeneal altar in this
place.—Exeter Times. .

PROMPTITUDE OF CURRAN.—At the Assizes at
Cork, Curran bad once entered upon his case, and stated
the facts to the Jury. He then, with his usual impressive-
ness and pathos, appealed to their feelings, and was con-
cluding the whole with this sentence :—" Thus, gentlemen,
I trust I have made the innocence of that persecuted man
as clear, to you as —" at that instant the sun, which had
hitherto been overclouded, shot its rays into the Court-house,
as clear to you," continued he, " as yonder sunbeam, which
now bursts in among us, and supplies me with its splendid
illustration."

At a Temperance Meeting, a few evenings since, in
Doncaster, a printer, dressed in black, and calling himself
a reformed drunkard, actually had the audacity to state
that he now drank nothing stronger than milk ; but if he
thought the cow from which it came " swallowed grains "
he would abandon that beverage also,— York Courant.
