ANTI-SLAVERY MEETING. •
- Society took

- -
A numerous meeting of the Anti-Slavery
Stran
place yesterday morning at Exeter Hill, d.
At 12 o'clock the Chair was taken by Lord Surriri,;l
Mr. BUXTON proposed the first resolution-- .&
the slaves had an undoubted right to immediate $0"
petual liberty." He considered that the planter 0"
petual
blame, but still more the parent nation who had Bandon,
such an odious traffic. His opinion was,that if 070
were slaves there could not be justice or religion: to
the wealth of the world, all the, gold of the onto
could not compensate for the sufferings of the slare•
An individual, whoselname we understand to be Cr-oos
seconded the motion, and indulged at some lenejbi
the hackneyed worn-out theme. He thought it Ono
to the interest of the planters themselves ania
slavery. He expressed himself not unfavourable4
planters. He thought they bad been traduced. "
btu
not think their motive was precisely lucre. 004
birth, education, habit, and example to plead as !Dillow
circumstances. He concluded by expressing hi° Idsoss'
ness to lay down 5001. towards a subscription to re
rate the masters for the loss they might sustaio.
The resolution was then put and carried. e'oet
Earl FITZWILLIAM proposed the second reso'u'l ths
approval of the Bill to be proposed by sters 0
23d of April ; and expressed his conviction that the the
loss
did not look so much to pecuniary
tern had no right to compensation. He thought P...
The Rev. JOHN CUNNINGHAAIeco motives w
of power and command they would sustain. .00,
Davi the 01°I"
Mr. STRICKLAND, M.P., in seconding
Lord MORFETH moved the third resolution. Oa
expressed himself averse to vadual amlioration. hie
been spoktn of for the last thirty year's b°
they we"
OoA
nothing like a change, and in his opinion
in a woise situation than ever. atetepe
The Rev. J. BURNEY moved a resolution f°l'
ing a petition to both Houses of Parliantept. deist,
pressed his opinion that it would be danger°lll to deist,
is°
and reverted to the observations made use of, as
by the Colonial Assemblies, that the late iourrec, :Ire!
Jamaica bad been caused by the improper inte7rsisse'l
the English public, and particularly by the Ailt?iv
Society. The West Indians, be said, vete the 00.: thlf
suns who opposed the emancipation of her 011/7.,'goes°
w.re tl.e oily partirs that formed the barrierolooo
the black roan and liberty. The proprietors had '3O `to
101
them for pecuniary compensation. He undertook
fur the meeting their :er ling was in unison with bi%olo
The resolution was then seconded arid carri'd; tb
vote of thanks having been passed to the Chairoon'
meeting adjourned.
tbe tesor;
