THE SUN, LONDON, TUESDAY, JANUARY 1, 1839

LONDON:

TUESDAY EVENING JANUARY 1, 1839.

We have heard that the Directors of the East India
Company have applied to the Duke of WEL-
LINGTON for his opinion concerning the war
in the East Indies. His Grace has given such an
answer, that the Directors have given orders to recall
all our troops, and not to prosecute the war against
Herat and Cabool.

We publish to-day a full account of the dinner
given by 500 of the working men and their families
to Messrs. OASTLER and STEPHENS on Christmas
day ; and omit no word of it, as we find it in the
Times, in order to do, as far as we can, justice to
these gentlemen. Much more has been heard in the
metropolis of the former than of the latter. Mr.
OASTLER seems to have had free access to the Times,
which has published most of his speeches, Mr.
STEPHENS is here almost unknown. We have no
recollection of ever having seen a speech of his re-
ported at full length and by competent persons in any
London Journal. As Mr. OASTLER says in another
place, a paragraph has now and then been commented
on in a Manchester Paper, expressed to London, in-
serted in the Journals, and Mr. STEPHENS at once set
down as a foul-mouthed incendiary. To the indi-
vidual this is most unfair, and to the public
a grievous injury, for it has kept them in complete
ignorance, and completely misled them both as to the
character of the man, and the nature of the feelings
and agitation of which he is the organ. Not one only,
as we yesterday supposed, but three chapels have been
built for him, and built for him almost exclusively, by
the working classes, and by subscriptions which did
not in most cases amount to more than a penny per
week each man. Quite different from other preachers,
who in general have been desirous to be nominated
sole trustee of their chapels, he has insisted on the
subscribers retaining the property in their possession,
and by such acts of disinterestedness, has added to the
strong attachment of the multitude. If the reports of
such facts were not in circulation, Mr. STEPHENS'S
conduct and his language, now that it is only
partially known, are sufficient to convince the pub-
lic that a strong and solemn and religious feeling
gives great weight and importance to his political agi-
tation. He is an enthusiast, such as has overturned
in times past proud systems and mighty States, and he
has fallen on times when the exasperated feelings of
the bulk of the working population are but too favoura-
ble for his success. An orator of almost unbounded
popularity, his language is firm, nervous, and stately.
It seems to be very alien from the clap-traps of prac-
tised agitators, from the frothy spouting of forum
orators and club-men ; and to be well-calculated to
make an abiding impression on the classes to whom it
is addressed. His sermon on Sunday, as our Man-
chester letter states, was attended by 5,000 people ;
and so great was the pressure, that he was obliged to
adjourn from the church to the market, where he spoke
for two hours. At a late meeting at Norwich, to
which he was invited, he so carried away his audience
that when he was done they refused to hear. any other
speaker ; and this man, so fervent, so serious, and so
popular, is only known here, and only known to the
greater part of the empire with our all-pervading Press,
as a mere Poor-law incendiary. His arrest will
make him better known, and already the Chro-
nicle, which has been one of his most forward
assailants, begins to doubt whether his speeches have
been accurately reported, and justice done to a man
who is moving the clustered millions of our manufac-
turing districts by his words.

In what state does he find the population he ad-
dresses ? Wholly neglected, for a long period, by the
State pastors, who falsely call themselves the Poor
Man's Church, till at length the success of the Dis-
senters roused them to a corresponding exertion, since
when they have lent their aid to fanaticise, or, as it is
called, evangelise the people, preparing them for
stronger doctrine—wholly mishandled and ill-treated,
by Corn-law-making landlords, who have done their
best to irritate and provoke those whom they could
not starve, and by factory masters, who made
themselves the supine or willing instruments of
the landlords' scoundrelism, who, till it affected
their own pockets, never stirred to save or pro-
tect their own injured workmen wholly cut off from the
Constitution, by a reform which was full of promise,
but has only added to their misery by adding to their
knowledge—the bulk of the labouring classes in the
manufacturing districts, deep sunk in poverty and ex-
cessive toil, and nourish, we believe, the most bitter
feelings of hostility to our institutions, government,
and property. Now religion is brought into operation
on them, and those who have made the Bible the
instrument of slavery, see with consternation that it
affords Mr. STEPHENS arms to combat them,
In spite of many warnings from all sides, no effort
has been made by any Government, either Whig
or Tory, to improve the condition of the peo-
ple, and revive their attachment to our institu-
tions. Money has been voted to build Churches
for priests whom they despise, which they have been
taxed to pay, while they have voluntarily built chapels
for the pastors they love, but not a sixpence has been
given to save them from starving, or to supply them
with 'useful knowledge. So neglected and so ill-
treated, the bulk of the people in the manufacturing
districts, now resemble a powder magazine, which needs
but a spark to explode and blow all around it to ruins.
From what we have heard and seen, we dread lest the
hasty and injudicious arrest of STEPHENS should
have applied the match.
We should have no fear for any demagogues, or any
incendiaries had the Legislature behaved with common
justice to the people. But unhappily it has long set
them the example of doing wrong, and has been the
author of great and grievous injustice, plundering
them upon the most frivolous pretexts, reducing them
to poverty and hunger to enrich its own members, and
using armed violence to enforce obedience to its
starvation, plundering laws. We feel the truth of Mr.
STEPHENS s observations, and therefore we dread the
consequences of such an eloquent man addressing
hungry and exhausted multitudes, or of his being
forcibly snatched from their head. He says—
" The revolution in England has long since begun.
The Constitution has been violated ; is not that revo-
lution ? The great charter has been broken ; is not
that revolution ? The laws have been violated ; is not that
revolution ? The social system has been deranged; is not
that revolution? The principles of the law, the instincts of
all nature, the precepts of all religion have been sub-
verted ! is not that Revolution ? What greater revolu-
tion can there be than this ? We have no government,
no legislation, no execution ; all is strife, mistrust,
hatred, discord, chaos, and confusion. And who can
tell where it is to end? We do not know whence it has
arisen. From the forgetfulness and abandonment of that
holy law, which bids us " do unto others as we would others
should do unto us ;" which bids us give unto all their duel",

and which, above all, bids us " be merciful after our
power. even as our Father in Heaven is merciful to all ;" the
weak have been borne down, the poor have been robbed, the
workman has not had his wages, the widow and fatherless
have been forsaken, and left to pine and perish ; and our very
laws have been made to uphold and carry on this system of
plunder. oppression, and blood. Yet a little while, and all
will go back to moral chaos."

This, then, is no ordinary agitation, and if the
KENWORTHYS of Lancashire and Cheshire expect to
put it down by antiquated Tory coercion, they will
assuredly hasten on a formidable and a dreadful com-
motion.

The public has good reason on other grounds to
be alarmed at the arrest of Mr. STEPHENS on such a
charge. The Tory Papers give some of the articles of
the Whig and Radical Journals against the Corn-
laws, and speak of them as the Whig Journals speak
of Mr. STEPHENS. Certainly there is as much rea-
son for the landlords pretending that the public
peace will be broken, and their lives endangered,
by what is said in the Press against their mono-
poly, and may be said at public meetings, as
for the factory owners at Leigh and other places,
pretending that their lives are endangered by Mr.
STEPHENS' remark. If he may be arrested by a war-
rant from a Justice, we know not why Mr. COBDEN,
or Mr. PAULTON, or Mr. GREG might not be ar-
rested by a warrant from some Squire, for exciting the
people of Manchester and the empire against the Corn-
laws. On principle, therefore, we demur to the pro-
priety of arresting this gentleman for his• speeches,
because some persons are terrified by the truths
he may tell. On principle, too, we are disposed to
contend against the somewhat slavish doctrines now put
forth by some Whig Journals, on the subject'of the
people having arms. Are not the serfs or tenants of
the plundering landlords armed ? They have generally
fowling pieces, and are embodied into yeomany. Sup-
pose that the landlords remain deaf to our prayers, to
repeal the Devil's laws ? Are the working classes
patiently to submit to starvation ? Suppose, which
seems not impossible, that the Aristocracy alarmed
at these public demonstrations—for we admit that to
them they are very alarming—united as a body to op-
pose the people, and Whigs and Tories enter into a
compact to keep all that they can grasp, including the
present system of starving the multitude, is the
nation to have no redress ? The Parliament may
last five years. In that time our declining
manufacturers may be utterly ruined ; and the
land become a prey to frightful destitution and
famine. Those who say that the peop!e are not to
arm against such a system, supported by armed
yeomanry and a standing army, the sword of
which has been offered to the Tories, say that the
people are to lie down and suffer themselves to be
trodden out of existence. We were told yes-
terday by the Times, echoing Sir JAMES GRA-
HAM, " that Me national religion is studiously blended
with all our national institutions,'.: the Corn-
laws to wit, the priests being in truth deeply interested
in keeping up that system of plunder ; and they and
the whole of our statesmen must have utterly changed
their character and conduct, if they would not for this
union between Church and State—that being a thing
of which the utility is not very susceptible of proof—
and for the sake of their pelf, sacrifice the
liberty and welfare of the country. When such are
and have been the acts and doctrines of the Tories,
of the landlords, and the State priests ; and when
they have an armed force at their command, with which
they will enforce their combined system of religious and
political slavery, we see no wisdom in decrying the ad-
vice for the bulk of the people to arm likewise for
their protection.

The present inefficient state of the British Navy
is a subject of considerable alarm to all who take
a lively interest in the foreign relations, and the
domestic safety of this country. Notwithstanding the
affected apathy of the Admiralty, arising from a
feigned conviction that the public is labouring under a
delusion with respect to the relative diminution of the
strength of our fleet, we know from the hest au-
thority, that some of our Ministers begin to
regret the adoption of the false economy, which has all
but starved the maritime power of England. Thev,at
last begin to perceive—though rather dimly, owing to
the prevalence of an official fog—that Russia, without
either colonies or commerce is fast gaining upon
England—that France is rapidly increasing her navy
though at present in possession of a fleet more than
adequate for all pacific purposes—that Egypt boasts
of her line-of-battle ships scarcely inferior to those of
France—while in the new world the Americans are
rearing a vast maritime force, only second to that of
England. To clear away this mist a little more, we
this day publish an excellent letter from Captain
NAPIER to the Editor of the Scotsman, on the sub-
ject of a speech recently delivered at Stirling by Ad-
miral FLEMING, who, we understand, has substantial
reasons in anticipation for volunteering his services in
support of the present Naval Administration. We can-
not but express regret at the temerity of the Gallant
Admiral FLEMING. He must know as well as
we do that the state of the Navy is most disgraceful.
If the safety of England depended upon the fit-
ting out of three men-of-war, with a full complement
of men, from each of our naval stations, we could not
have
them in readiness in less than three months—
if even so soon as that time. So early as October
last orders were given for preparing the Ganges, a
commissioned 84-gun ship, for sea, and, strange
as it may appear, the carpenters are employed
upon her up to this hour I This fact is, we
doubt not, well known to Admiral FLEMING,
who thought proper to conceal it, as it would
tell against his friends the Ministers. Now
the state of our Navy is not, and ought
not to be made a
00l irti cost;
Our Gallant Naval Offiluce;;Si,"wheotiherpaartltyoatp
shore, should only think of the Navy in conjunc-
tion with the glory of Old England. The fleets of other
nations are but accessories of their greatness ; the Navy
of Great Britain constitutes the real source :of her
wealth, power, and dominion. The glory of England,
and the supremacy of her Navy, are, and ever must be,
identical. He who would impair the efficiency of our
fleet, strikes at the independence of our country.

The whole of the Paris Journals of Sunday have
been received. The action for libel brought by M
GISQUET, ex-Prefect of Police, against the Messager.
was not concluded at the second sitting of the Court,
so that agreeably with the intimation which we gave
yesterday, we postpone its publication until we shall
have received the verdict, when we shall publish the
whole " affair" at full length.
We are happy to announce the recovery of the
Duchess of WURTEMBERG (Princess MARY of Or-
leans) from her late alarming illness. The Duke of
NEMOURS has written to the Royal family from Pisa,
stating that the Physicians pronounce his sister, the
Duchess, to be out of all immediate danger.
Respecting the French Ministry, nothing additional
is known. Count MOLE and his colleagues have not
yet abandoned all hopes of retaining office, as they
can calculate upon the utmost exertions of the KING
to maintain them in power. The subjoined extracts
include what other news there is in these Journals :
The Sentinelle de Pyrenees announces in a letter, from the
frontiers of Navarre, enraged at the shameful chck which has
been experienced in the section of La Poblacion, where fewer
than 400 men defeated 7,000 Christinos, has concluded mea-
sures with General Doa Diego Lea again to ,atael: tln., vil-
loge of La Poblacion and that of Los Arcos at the samo time.
He is resolved, it is said, to reduce them to ashes. General

Maroto went on the 22d to Estella, whence he intended to
proceed to the point that will be threatened. It is believed,
says the Sentinelle, that these movements will lead to an action.
A letter from Valenciennes of the 29th December says
that, notwithstanding the snow, which has fallen in abun-
dance, the traffic on the iron railroad from St. Vaast to De-
nain has not been interrupted or retarded. Before the depar-
ture of the first train the wagon balasseur (sweeping carriage)
invented by M. Ad. Casten, engineer to the Company of Au-
zim, ran along the whole line, and cleared away the snow
which collected on the rails, after which the trains proceeded
during the day as usual.—Commerce.
The young Grand Duke Alexander arrived at Rome on
the 16th. He alighted at the Odescalchi Palace, where the
Russian Minister resides. —Diario di Roma.
The Indicateur of Bordeaux of the 27th has the following
paragraph :—" A tumultuous assemblage comprised of a great
number of inhabitants of Cadillac, proceeded the day before
yesterday to the residence of the Mayor, in order to obtain
from him the abolition of a tax on articles of consumption,
which they pretended was unjust. The Mayor was absent,
and the rioters were able, as it seems, to force their way to the
Town Hall. Welearn that the King's Attorney and the Juge
d' Instruction repaired yesterday morning to Cadillac, accom-
panied by a piquet of troops of the line, to restore order."

Madrid Journals of the 23d ult.—one day later
than those received yesterday—have been received this
morning. They bring no additional news of any in-
terest, save that the British Ambassador has declared
that he will protect Generals NARVAEZ and COR-
DOVA, against the enmity of ESPARTERO, to the
utmost of his power. This declaration has roused from
their lethargy the timid friends of these officers in
the Chamber of Deputies ; so that we may look
forward to the adoption of some measure which shall
have the effect of checking the headlong career of the
imbecile Dictator of Logrono—for the extent of Es-
PARTERO'S real dominion is his camp. On the 23d
General SEOANE was appointed Captain-General of
the province of Galicia, in the room of General VA L-
DEZ, who was promoted to the command of the Royai
Guards.

We are happy co learn that the Gailant,Captain
NAPIER has been appointed to the command of
the Powerful, 84, now fitting out at Portsmouth
and destined for the Mediterranean.

YLONEY AND COMMERCIAL NE S.

CITY (THIS DAY), TWELVE O'CLOCK.

LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, MONDAY.—The increase of
import into the kingdom this year is 254,178 bales, of which
230,455 bales were from America; 20.870 from the Brazils,
and 1,498 from the West Indies ; there being a decrease from
India of 37,583 bales, and from Egypt of 10,949 bales. The
stock exceeds that of last year 61,500 bales ; the increase being
of American 120,800 bales, and of Brazil 950 bales. There
is a decrease in \Vest India of 5.900 bales, of Egyp-
tian 11,600, and of East India 42,500 bales. The
apparent consumption or outgoing is at the rate of
22,800 bales per week; being of American 17,300 bales, of
Brazil 2,500, East India 1,700, Egyptian 600, and West In-
dia 1,550; and other kinds 1,200 bales. The general increase
being at the rate of about 2,300 bales per wick. As usual,
we have every reason to believe that the above statement pre-
sents a fair and correct representation, as well as of the stock
in port. Stock on hand in 1837, 170,820 ;in 1836, 204 590.
Stock on hand this day, 248,340; increase of stock this
year, 77,520.

We have but few arrivals this morning.
It was reported yesterday afternoon towards the close of the
market, that a large amount of sovereigns was obtained from
the Bank by an eminent house, to be sent to Paris, owing to
gold being in great demand there, to meet the demand or run
on the Banks in that capital. As yet, we have not obtained
information if the above statement is correct. At present there
is plenty of precious metals in the coffers of the Bank of Eng-
land, and a million or two will not be missed, as it will soon
find its way back again with a profit.
We this moment learn that some gold will be sent to Paris
this day, but not to the extent reported.

TIIE FUNDS.

This being New Year's day, it is not expected that much
business will be done in the house, nor, indeed, in any commer-
cial affairs. Consols, which closed yesterday at 9-li for the Ac-
count, opened this morning at the same quotation. Reduced,
936 4. The market is inactive, and not a feature worth no-
ticing to the present time.
In the Foreign Market, Spanish Active closed at /6R-4;
opened at 164 17, a shade better ; Portuguese, closed 301 i.,
at present 30i- 31 : Three per Cents. 194 204—; Brazilian,
774; Belgian, 99-1- i ; Mexican, 222 234;! Colombian, 256
26 ; Dutch Two-and-a- Half, 534 54 ex-dividend; Five per
Cents., 1014.
PRICES OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 2031 2% i India Stock
:5 per Cent. Red. tr3Y.i 'A ; Ditto Bonds 62 64 pm.
3 per Cent. Cons.
3', per Cent 1 Old Annuities —
Ditto Red. loo'4 % 1 New Ditto
New a% per Cent —; 3 per Cent. Annuities, 1751_
New 5 per Cent.
Bank Long Annuities toexpiro Ditto 500 66 64 pm.
Jan. 5, 1860 I 4?, 15-161 Ditto Small 66 CA pm
Oct. 10, 1859
Jan. 5, 18461 —lDitto Advertised
Jan. 5, 188;1 — Bank Stock for Account
April 5, 188(1 — , India Stock for Account —
Jan. 5, 1870 — i Consols for Account 94% 4
PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Austrian Bonds • Peruvian Bonds lB
Belgian Bonds
Ditto Account
Brazilian Bonds
Ditto Account
Buenos Ayres Bonds
Ditto, 3 per Cent.
Ditto Account
Chilian Bonds
t i:tto Account
Columbian Bonds —l Ditto Account —
Ditto Account _ _ ,
... Ditto Metallic —

Columbian Bonds, 1824
Ditto Account
Danish Bonds
Ditto Account
Greek Bonds
Ditto Bonds, 1825
Ditto Account
Mexican Bonds, 5 per Cent
Ditto Account
Ditto, 6 per Cent
Ditto Account
Neapolitan

, Spanish Bonds
' Ditto Account
I Ditto Bonds 1834
Ditto Amu )t.
French, 5 per cent. f. —c.
— per cent.
3 per cent.
--- Exchange —f. —e.
Dutch, '2.!,4 per cent.
—1 Ditto Account 54
—1 Ditto, 5 per cent lOl%
Ditto Account IOIX,

PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Paid. Per Shale.
Cobre Copper.....
Brighton Railway
London and Birmingham Railway Company ...... 90 169% 70
Lando❑ and Greenwich Railway Company VO 1634
London and Croydon Railway Company 9.0
Ditto New Scrip
Manchester and Birmingham Railway lt) 1054
Do. Do. Extension
North Midland Railway Company. 55 56
Anti Dryrot Company 17% —..
Ditte Scrip .. IN 3V,
General Steam Navigation Company .......-. ....... 14 2:34,
HALF-PAST ONE.

Consols, which were in the early part of the morning at
94i for the Account, are not quite so good at present, and
may be quoted at 94 ' • Reduced 93A- ; Exchequer Bills 66 64,
lower ; India Bonds, 62 64 ; Bank Stock, 2024, lower.
In the Foreign Market a little business is doing. Spanish
Active, not so good as in the morning, 16:1 ; Portuguese,
311 ; Three per Cents., 201 ; Belgian, 991 i; Brazilian,
77i; Colombian, 25i 26 ; Mexican, 22 23i ; Dutch Two-
and-a-Half, 53i 54 ex-dividend; Five per Cents., 1001 -a..
Money is in demand, both in the house and for commer-
cial affairs.

A little business doing in Shares—Brighton, 31 discount ;
Birmingham 80 premium ; North Midland, 1 premium.
THREE 0' CL 0 CI.

Consols for the Account, 94.

THREE LIVES LosT.—On Thursday three per-
sons, proceeding to a pigeon match, were drowned in cross-
ing the Thames from Purley to Mapledurham, Berks.
The frail boat in which they had embarked in this perilous
and fatal passage had no sooner reached the middle of the
cpulertreelnytunmanageable; i wasrnaenddrocoumnd-
atthathneitwas
with velocity, the water dashed into and filled it, and three
mercyfooufn found
theu t streamterlutterly
of the unfortunate individuals instantaneously sunk to rise
no more. Their companion (Mr. Thoyts' gardener) could
swim, and, by the assistance of the pound-keeper's wife,
who held out a long boat-pole, which he grasped, was thus
providentially enabled to gain the shore--,-the sole survivor
of those who but a few moments previously bad left
the same spot in the full enjoyment of health, and in-
tent upon recreation—had been summoned by this fearful
visitation to their last account.
EXTRAORDINARY PRODIJCE.—Mr. Curtis, of
Hallaton, sowed thirteen corns of ten-rowed prolific wheat
last March, which produced the extraordinary number of
6,100 full-grown corns, besides many others that did not
comedred
to.mfoldatuLitLe
maturity,produce the Herald
thus.being more than two
hundred
The clothing trade in Trowbridge is very brisk at
present ; business is much increased by American orders,
received by the Great Western steamer.
THE HOUSE OF COMMONS IN THE 17TH CEN-
TURY.—The following orders will serve to contrast the
ancient with the modern practice of the House : " 1614,
31st May—That this House shall sit every day at seven
o'clock in the morning, and begin to read Bills secondly at
ten o'clock." " 1642, 19th April—That whosoever shall
not be here at prayers every morning at eight o'clock shall
pay 1 s. to the poor." " 1659, 31st May—That Mr. Speaker
do constantly every morning take the chair at eight o'clock,
and that the Council of State and Committees of this
House do forbear to sit in the morning after eight o'clock,
and do then give their attendance on the service of the
House; and that the House do rise every day at twelve
o'clock." As late as 1696, the House resolved to proceed
on business at ten o'clock. Committees sat in the after-
noon and evening, as well as very early in the morning.
THE LATE CALAMITOUS INUNDATION.—The
bodies of five more of the persons who were lately drowned
at Blaenavon, were picked up on Thursday, the 13th inst.l;
there is now only one missing.—Cambrian.
COCKER AND CORN.—In our market, wheat rose
Is. a qaarter on Saturday, and en Monday t:., Cit j Lalzei-s
lowered the price of the quartern loaf a half-penny—a fact
which sets Cocker quite at defiance.— Worcester Herald.

CRIMINAL COURT-(THIS DAY.)

OLD. COURT.
(Before Mr. Serje:mt Arabin.)
James Lcar, an ill-looking fellow, whose countenance
spoke volumes for his guilt, was convicted of stealing a great-
coat, the property of Richard Painter, in DeceMber last. The
prisoner was also charged with having been previously con-
victed at the Westminster Sessions in 1836.

Mr. Sergeant ARABIN sentenced him to seven years' trans-
portation.

John Benton, a youth fifteen years of age, was convicted of
stealing a purse, three half-crowns, and other articles, the
property of George Martin, from the person of Elizabeth
Martin.

Thomas Lucas, a boatman out of employ, was convicted
of stealing from a boat, on the Paddington Canal, several Ar-
ticles of wearing apparel, the property of John Corry and
James W agst a ff.
Edward Quin, described in the calendar as a cooper and
di.alt,r in glass bottles, alias a dealer in marine stores, was
convicted of stealing Oilbs. weight of lead, the property of the
London Dvek Company.
The prisoner received a good character.
Mr. Sornant ARABIN sentenced him to three months' im-
prisonment and hard labour in the House of Correction.
