ARRIVALS.

Lord and Lady Rendlesham at4—family, at Long's Hotel,
Bond-street, from Paris; R. Gurney, Esq., at ditto, from Tre-
vinnon House ; C. Montgomery, Esq., at ditto, from Edinburgh;
Rev. C. Vivan, at ditto, from Wellingborough; the Marquis of
Worcester, in Park place, from Newmarket; Captain Cheslvn,
at Symmond's Hotel, St. James's-street, from Dalby Hall, Eei-
cestershire ; Mr. and Mrs. Sitwell, in Brook-street, from Chet.
tenham ; Captain Duncan, in Regent-street, from Brighton;
Mr. and Mrs. Coulson in Harley-street, from their seat in
Norfolk.
DEPARTURES.
The Marquis and Marchioness of Bristol, for their seat Putney
Heath ; the Marquis of Bath, from Warren's Hotel, Regent.
street, for his seat, Longleat, Somersetshire ; Mr. and Mrs. Law.
ton, from ditto, for Leamington, Warwickshire; the Earl and
Countess of Falmouth, from St. James's-square, for Wool.
liampton, Berks, on their way to their seat, Tregothan, near
Truro, Cornwall; the Earl and Countess Dunmore, from the
Rutland Hotel, Bury-street, St. James's, for 'their seat in Scot-
land ; Lord and Lady Lilford, for their seat, Lilford Hall,
Northamptonshire ; Lord and Lady Suffield, for their seat,
Gunton Hall, Norfolk; R. Harrington, Esq. for Oxford; W.
Bowles, Esq., for his seat in tierks ; Cot Scott, for Blandon Hall,
Kent ; H. Seymour, Esq., for Wourn Abbey; Lord F. Fitz-
elarence, for Etell House, Northumberland ; the Earl and
Countess Harrowby, from Grosvenor-square, for their seat,
Sandon Hall, Staftbrdshire.

It is generally supposed that the Mastership
of the Rolls will be conferred on Sergeant O'LonnLEN.—
Dublin Morning Register.

Loss OF THE LADY SHERBROOKE.—A
op
fa rtabgae r
A pnh,ehr
iacvainn g
pba epeenr s copied
stating
into this
that
the Journal
Lady from n
Sherbrooke
lier
robr
000 h
ee
had been wilfully lost, and that the Captain had been tried
and sentenced to death, we think it right to insert the fol-
lowing from the New York Gazette of the 21st ult.
entirely contradicting that statement :—" There is a story
going the round of the newspapers, said to be copied from
the Chambersburg (P. A.) Republican, stating that
Captain HENRY GAMBLES, of the Briti‘la ship Lady Sher-
brooke, shipwrecked near Cape Ray, by which 273 lives
were lost, had been tried at Halifax for intentionally cast-
ing away his vessel. The whole is evidently a contemp-
tible fabrication, for which the author deserves the pillory.:

srilllT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALSe.

•

It is with the greatest satisfaction that we now ;,„;
state, on the best authority, that there is no founda-
tion for the belief in the postponement of the meet- .4*
ing of Parliament to January. It will meet, at the
very latest, on the lst of December, and the Bill 'lt
will then be brought in. If the Ministers were to
make any change, it would be to make it more de-
mocratical. But they will bring in the Bill.-
3forning Chronicle.
The Council of the Birmingham Political Union
have issued a second address to their fellow-coun-
trymen in the United Kingdom, enjoining them to
stand by Lord Grey, to avoid discord and disunion,
to remain patient, peaceful, firm, and united, and
recommending the formation of Political Unions
instantly in every town, in every district, and in
every village, where they do not already exist.—
" The influence of the oligarchy, aided by a corrupt
,:tt
and degenerate Bench of Bishops (say the Council), .
has obtained a momentary triumph in the House of
Lords. By the power of the King and the Law,,,
we will humble the oligarchy in the dust." We are ...?,
glad to learn that Unions are spreading rapidly. :.5.1
One has been formed in Clerkenwell, under the l!Ils
title of " The Clerkenwell Loyal and Patriotic Po- vas
lit ical Union." They profess to have formed them- - ~`Ad
',elves on the principles of the Birmingham Union: I"'"'{
A meeting of this Union takes place at the Jeru-
salem Tavern, St. John's-gate, St. John's-square,
bq
on Wednesday next, at seven o'clock in the even-
ing. We have before us a printed report of a Com-
mittee of the Delegates of Metropolitan Parishes,
(in the subject of the formation of a National Poli- ("'
tical Union, the objects of which are thus stated :
"1. To obtain a full, free, and effectual representation dT
of the people in the Commons' House of Parliament. '4l
object. je
"2. To unite all well-wishers to their country, from "4'?
the richest to the poorest, in the pursuit of such an ims
portant
tiff: Laol
ir d
its
channelmorai
weightfor collecting publicbroug h
t to opinion,
be a "
in o"r3de.r that r or
upon the Legislature.
" 4. To preserve peace and order in the country, and to
guard against any convulsion, which the enemies of the
people may endeavour to bring shout.
" 5. To watch over and promote the interests, and to
better the condition of the industrious and work'ng classes.

"6. To give opportunities, by frequent public discus-
sions, for eliciting the best means by which the above
objects may be carried into execution."
In the rules and regulations it is laid down that
" The Council shall watch closely the proceedings of the
Legis'ature—shall call general meetings when necessary,
present Addresses and Petitions to the Crown when the
interests of the people are at stake, and shall generally use
every exertion in furthering the objects of the Union."
" The importance of such a Union (says the Com-
mittee) at the present moment, has been impressed on
your Committee by every fact that has come within its
notice—by the casualties to which the promised rights of
the people are now more than ever exposed—by the dis-
asters which may arise from the distress produced by
stagnation of trade, and, above all, by the convulsion which
!nay on a sudden be produced in the metropolis and in the
country; but your Committee has conceived that the
gentlemen of this meeting will be better enabled, from
their local sources of information, to decide how far the
!hove considerations are likely to induce the requisite num-
uers to come forward and join us. Woe Committee,
however, cannot conclude this part of its Report, without
'noting the emphatic words of the Council of the Bir-
mingham Union—' Let no one think that Lis pets:lai r•o-
-operation is not important; let every one act as though
the safety of his country depended upon his single id.' "
We trust no time will be lost in tic log on these
recommendat ions.—llforning
In the Gardener's Maga...line for Oe.ober, Mr.
Loudon, in an account of a gardening tour, speak-
ing of the condition of the animal matt in dtlf•rent
districts of the country, observes, " He appe trs to
us decidedly in the lowest attire in the agricultural
district between Banbury and London ; and as de-
videdly in the highest state in Birmingham, and the
other manufacturing towns in its vicmity." One
of the great arguments for an Established Church is
the instruction of the people. Our readers tray
suppose from this, that where there are most Clergy,
-he people are the best instructed. It is just •he
reverse. It will be 4),a: ft that the ignorance and
degradation of the labouring classes throughout
England, are uniformly greatest where there are most
Clergy, and that the people are most intelligent and
.ndependent where there are the fewest Cierpy.
Norfolk and Suffolk, for instance, are the parson
counties par excellence; Norfolk has 731 parishes,
and Suffolk MO. We have been assured by gentle-
men intimately acquainted with the peasantry of thew
two counties, that as far as instruction goes, they
are almost as ignorant as Indian savages. But the
rule will hold throughout. Essex has 406 parishes,
Buckingham 202, Berkshire 151, Oxford 217.
Let us look at the North of England, in which by
universal admission the people are best instructed
and intelligent, and, generally speaking, the most
moral and religious. Cumberland has 104. parishes,
Durham 75, Northumberland 88, Westmoreland 32,
Lancashire 70, the West Riding of Yorkshire 193,
Chester, 90. It appears that Norfolk alone has a
great many more parsons than all those Northern
counties, containing about one-third of the popula-
tion of the kingdom. Each of the small counties of
Buckingham and Oxford has more clergy than the
whole of the counties of Lancaster, Westmoreland,

and Northumberland. A Lancashire common jury
is considered by barristers equal to the special
juries of most counties, such is the intelligence of
the people, yet there are only 70 parsons for a mil-
lion and a half of people. An analysis of this kind
is useful in various ways. It is obvious, from the
extent of parishes in the north of England, compara-
tively few of the people can have any intercourse
with the parsons. But they supply themselves with
religious teachers, who succeed in making them
more religious than the people who have parish
clergy in abundance. This shows that in England
as well as America there is no danger of a want of
religion through want of an establishment. The degra-
dation of the people, on the other hand,where there are
many clergy, would seem to prove that the Church of
England does the people's business very ill. We
say the people's business, because the Church's bu-
siness and the people's are very distinct. The bu-
siness of the Church is to obtain the largest pos-
sible share of the property of the people for the least
possible toil ; the business of the people is to ob-
tain the most efficient, moral, and religious instruc-
tion. The Church of England has generally been
accused of hostility to the instruction of the people.
Certainly there is no Protestant Church which has
so systematically neglected the lower orders. There
are yet many persons who deem the diffusion of
knowledge among the people a very great evil. It
is natural that such people should be attached to the
Church ; for it appears that the more numerous the
parsons in any district the more ignorant and de-
graded the people, the conclusion seems inevitable,
that the most effectual way to secure the dominion
of ignorance is to add to the supply of the E,tablished
Clergy. The recent conduct of the Bishops will
provoke many inquiries of this sort. There arc
many worthy individuals in the Church, but it must
be owned that, as an institution, it does not work
well for the people. It is high time that the Clergy
were compelled to set their house in order. As
the means of supplying the children of the Arise
toeracy with pretexts for enjoying handsome in-
comes at the expence of the public, the Church is
invaluable; but surely some regard ought to be paid
to the people in the distribution of the ample funds
of the Church.

" The experience of many centuries (says Mr. Beverley
in his 'Discourse on the Corruptions of the Church of
Christ') of blood, rapine, extortion, and desolation, has
proved that a State religion is a dire affliction to a nation;
and if, after so long and so painful experience, we will not
profit by erecting permanent'barriers against this mighty
evil, we deserve to be slaves, and to toil at the brick-kilns
of Egypt, without straw as long as the English name shall
last. Nothing can possibly be lost by the aboation
of the Church Establishment, but eve'y. thing will be
secular Baron-Priests, pre.
gained ; piety will be gained.. bard-wirktog pa,Tors will
, dancers, cock-fighters,
be gained, men of zeal and diligence the Lan's work
,teirs'dle pluralists, speculators
will be gained, a primitive Church will be gained ; while
fiti,ignedasetlemiayl.lodulroinvsgetsj,oc,blebcriynacgmhPe-rnde,rliayhteeusrsn,

in church
_property, hypocritical church-goers, ignorant
theologians, peddlers of lies and deceivers of the people.
• • • • T.he doctrine of the Church of England
can never be destroyed, and if the present form of
church government is found by experience to be useful,
then let it he retained ; some government there must
be, and no one will find fault with any Government
When the Church stands on its own merits, and is not
supported by the force and terrors of the law, and defiled
by the odious corruption of wealth extorted from a re-
luctant people. The Church of England in America is
supported by voluntary contributions, and is much more
powerful, much more respected, and much more popular,
than when it stood by the support of the law. The clergy
Rherc do their duty, the people respect them, the Gospel is
preached faithfully, and the arandalous scenes of our most
corrupt establishment are entirely unknown. No Christian
who seriously takes these things into consideration, can
wish for a-continuance of the present evil system but all
those who have been speculating in church preferment--
all those who have been buying Church livings for them-
selves or their families—all those who look to the votes of
the Bishops and the influence of the clergy as Convenient
helps to the scheme of Government--all those, whose
hollow religion will stand detected when the State hypo-
crisy is at end—all those whose understandings have been
deceived by the false doctrine of the Priestzs, and who know
not what Christ's real church means—will stand amased
and confounded at the ruin of their idol, and with loud
acclamations will cry out, g Alas, alas! that great city
Babylon, that nighty city; for in our hour is her judg-
ment come !' They, however, who know the value of
the new spiritual church, the free Jerusalem, the mother
of all the elect, will laugh at the notion of any Act of
Parliament, or any violence of men touching her sanctuary."
The number of men ie this country who think
like Mr. Beverley with regard to the Church, has
prodigiously increased of late.-3/OrnirtE Chronicle,
The election for Cambridgeshire commences on
Thursday, and we earnestly entreat the friends of
Reform to reflect on the importance of a victory
which, with active management and adequate pe-
cuniary sacrifices, must be their own. The Anti-
Reformers are loudly proclaiming in the face of the
nation, which has almost unanimously given the lie
to their statements, that the great body of the people
care little about Reform,—that. at the late general
election their votes were gained by a surprise prac-
tised on their good faith, or a delusion imposed on
their understandings, and that a reaction has begun
to take place which promises to bring them back to
their former indifference, or even to create an an-
tipathy to the proposed change. The proof, indeed.,
which the boroughmongers offer in support of these
extraordinary assertions, is but slender and 'equivo-
cal, and the country is every where rising to over.
whelm. it with the irresistible testimony of its meet-
ings
arid petitions. But, however insigniacant the
instance and doubtful the experiment to which they
appeal, they ought not to be allowed to repeat it.
When they cite the case of Dorset, they ought tot
to be permitted to add that of Cambridgeshire. Yet,
unless the Reformers bestir themselves, this dis-
grace and misfortune may be fastened on their glo-
rious cause. The boroughmongers, who cannot show
their faces at public meetings to oppose Reform,
either in town, county, city, or borough,—who are
afraid even to conspire against it by holc.and.corner
petitions,—who never have ventured openly to resist
it by their speeches or their votes, except in certain
privileged assemblies at Westminster, where they
happen to be judges in their own cause,—these Sae
boroughmengers, we say, expect, by the strength of ri
popular delusion, or the weight of a joint-stock
purse, to effect a triumph on the Cambridgeshire
hustings. We have heard, on good authority, that
one Noble Lord has come down with 10,0001., as a
contribution to the stock-purse of corruption, arid
that other rich Anti-Reformers are following the
example. Another Noble Lord has left town for
Cambridge, to organize a Committee, and to make
preparations for a judicious distribution of the fund-
to be placed at its disposal. Other agents of the
borough faction are clubbing their little contribu-
tions of wit and their extensive means of rivi!ep
tion
to act on the body
of the agricultural freeholders.
They are endeavouring to represent Reform qs the
enemy of the farmer,--to persuade him that a
formed Parliament would instantly abolish ',fee cut,,
laws, arid that the abolition of the ee-i-e laws vrould
as infallibly lead to the linlne=l:talo 'ruin or the agri-
cultural interekt, The" stick at no fal-ehood or ex-
aggeration to
their tp4tirpos es,—and were
it necessary, ;'1 order to gain rote, to say that wider
u'he'
a Reforried Parlarner:t grass would tot grow or
/ r
iat would not ;pen, the tibstfAl delusion would
..Je attempted. T.:ne immense importance which the
Anti-Reforr
de;cs atterch to the result of the Cam-
bridgeshire
eleet'iotr, as shown by the employ-
mentoP
meat
the means above mentioned, and the
fid'Jeteetra use which they intend, if success-
., , Crake of their triumph, in proving their
' ,rustrite doctrine of a re-action, should interest
%Tia rouse the friends of Reform in all parts of the
itingdora. They cannot, indeed, have access to the
minds, of those ignorant and misguided freeholders
%%dna may vote against Reform because they are as-
siircy4 that Reform will destroy their agricultural
rpm/verity, but they can afford the means of bring,.
!iag to the poll honest and intelligent elect-err; whose
suffrages will overpower those of their deluded an-
.tagonists. A small contribution—say 11. or IN.—
:from each zealous Refotmer of a few of the large
towns—such as Leeds, Birmingham, Manchester,
and, Glasgow—which are to receive their due share
of representation by the Bill, would go far to over-
throw the last strong hold of the borough faction,
and to destroy even the pretext for saying that any
re-action has taken place, Let the enemy be com-
bated partly with their evvri 'er'.:.apons,—let money
be collected to accomplish. ti:hatever money may be
'honestly employed to 4.ect at a county election. It
is the battle of the P.,eformers, —it is the battle of
all England that is to be fought in Cambridgeshire,
and the cause o'aght not to suffer for the want of
funds, which.- we hope will he as abundantly sup-
plied, as 'zealously and honestly employed. But we
must "again repeat, that if any thing is to be done,
there is no time to be lost. On Thursday next the
'election begins, and the delay of a few days may be
thre .ruin cause.—Times.

ite.'',:ed by one of the Evening Papers, that
the Bishop of London was to have preached a sermon
yesterday at the church of St. Awne, Westminster,
"but that his Lordship was induced to decline the
performance of that becoming duty. We are obliged,
and it gives us pain to add, that the cause of his
Lordship's change of intention was no other than a
communication to him from the parishioners, that if
thefLord Bishop should be resolved to preach, the
yathole congregation would quit the church at the
:moment of his ascending the pulpit. Such a proof
„,af public antipathy towards the entire " order,"
'whose conduct in the House of Lords was so con-
spicuous on the second reading of the Reform 13111,
is without example in modern history, and is worth
A whole library of comments. The Bishop of London
.did not vote against the Bill, but then he did not
vote for it ; and- the nation will not be served by
halves. There are few, if any, among the Bishops
themselves, who regret more sincerely than we have
done for some time past, the obloquy—amounting
even to detestation—Into which their order has un-
happily fallen throughout the United Kingdom. It is
not, indeed, for the sake of the Bishops individually
that such concern can or ought to be felt. However
respectable they may be as private persons,—and we
believe that, with half a dozen exceptions, they all,
Irish as well as English,deserve to be 30 considered
it is only because they haveiby their mean and selfish
character as politicians,estranged a large portion of the
people from the Church-itself, that welkdisposed and
sober-minded meri regard -the disgrace and danger
which threaten them with, any sentiment 'of sorrow
or alarm. The Bishops themselves roust indeed be
affected by other feelings in addition to those which
their conduct has excited in the breasts of the laity
of their own establishment: they have keen sell-
reproach to pray upon them, and to aggravate the
pangs of mortified cupidity and ambition. They
counted it for a moral certainty, as did Lord Howe
and other household personages, that there needed
no more than a majority of Peers against the second
reading of the Bill, to ensure the resignation of the
Whig Ministers, and the return to power of that
party which had always looked upon. Bishops to be

essential coadjutors of the Tory policy, fit channels
of convenient patronage, and worthy to be made
sharers in the profits of that mode of government
to the recognized operation and ends of which they
lent a willing support. We are quite sure that the
prudery which has been observed by most of our
public men its speaking of the temporalities of the
Church has been of prodigious injury to the cause of
the Protestant religion. They have talked (and
really seemed afraid of expressing themselves other-
wise) about the outward and visible organization of
the Church, as if it had been established for rctgious•
purposes merely, to promote the spirit of Christia-
nity, and the salvation of souls. Now this has
given rise to most mischievous error among the igno-
rant,and among those who were net ignorant to a no
lest shameful hypocrisy the fatter vice being made
subservient to a system of sordid worldieeminded-
ness and rapacity, which has infinitely tended to
the degradation of the clerical character, and to the
corruption both of public and private morals amongst
all orders of Englishmen. Reverence for Cod, and
love of our neighbour, and the study of Christian
truth, and the practice of those virtues which were
enjoined and exemplified by its author, have not, in
the nature of things, the slightest connection with
Bishoprics of 10,000/. a year, with Deans and Chap-
ters, with pluralists, or with patronage of such enor-
mous value as, by becoming an object of desire to
the aristoreacy, to necessitate its own flagrant and
constant abuse. With such things religion can have
Ino alliance; and yet it hes ever been, when such
abominations es these were complained of by the
people, that a hue-and-cry has been raised at once,
of the Church being in danger,—ef the Protestant
religion being in danger i and then we had the ac-
customed yells about anarchy, infidelity, atheism,
and all the rest of it, We state calmly and firmly,
that this mode of defending a church on the score of
its sanctity or awfulness to edification being consti-
tete& by its riches, is base hypocrisy, and barbarous
wickedness, and has an infallible tendency to de-
grade all our notions of true religion—of that reli-
gion which was preached by Christ and his Apostles.
It ought long ago, and in truth and honesty, to have
been admitted, that the fctlpbral church of this
country was a political establishment more than a
religion' one—designed and calculated infinitely
MOM for retaining men in their obedience to the
monarchy of England, than for snaking them par-
takeri of the kingdom of Heaven. All the religious
establishments of eittropean and of Asiatic monarchies
have had precisely the same view,—namely, the ser-
vice of mere political interests ; and their poWer over
tt e minds, through the selfish pessient of men, has
been invariably turned to worldly and unspiritual
jects. in followe, then, that however timid the na-
tions or their Governments may have been as to the
free discussion of temporal eights and advantages
claimed by what was Balled '` the Church," owing,
in a peat measure, to the successful industry with
which ehurehmen had inculcated upon the bulk of
mankind the identity between the Christian church
and her worldly endowments, it is, neneethelees, a
subject undoubtedly within the pale of free and open
deliberation, how far the Church of England, as al-
eeadyteestructed, has answered the polff cal ends of
its institution, or may have beep rendered pernici-
ously <subservient to purposes of an indefensible cha-
racterie and therefore whether, and to what 'extent,
its poisessions and privileges might not, with advan-
tage, be placed upon e. less torreptible footing: The
Bishops notoriously derive the renewal of their privi-
lege of legislating fir or against the country, from a
much condemned ekercise of favour shown them by
the Minister of Charles 11,, against the advise if his
colleagues, There is no divine right, or sacred pre-.
ecription, in their power as lawmakers. But there
is in that political appendage to their station meal-
eulable mischief to their sacerdotal purity, and to
the interest; of the Protestant national church. We
de, Sc friends to the religion of the Churth of Eng-
land, and to its recovered hold twin the affections of
• the people, pray that the *hole bench of bishops,
—.exeepting only, perhaps (for that point seems still
questionable), the two Archbishops of Canterbury
and York,—may, in the sherteet possible period, be
excluded frees the I-louse of Peers, and sent back
to their respective dioceses, where their learning,—
and many of them are learned,----may be employed
in the useful instrection both of their clergy and
their Pocks, and where their revenue, which we
hope will be continued to them on a liberal scale,
may afford them free exercise for the virtues of hose
pitality and cf charity. Dean Coict, founder of
St. Paul's School, a divine whose sentiments with
regard to the duties of a Bishop will not be repue
dieted be our heads of the Church as those, at least,
of anenfidel or a Whig retorter, speaks plainly to
the consciences of all Christian clergymen, what
ought to be the employment of the worldly faculties
wherewith Providence (neer have-blessed them. This
friend of Erasmese and of Sir Thomas More,
peached tt 'sermon before the convocation of the
clergy in the year 1511-320 years ago,—wherein
he taught them wisely, and boldly, how they ought
to act if they would gain just honour to their
ministry, and such an influence over the hearts of
their congregations as might attach weight to their
spiritual counsels. We make no apology for insert-
ing a few brief extracts from this disinterested and
upright admonition, beseeching the successors of
those to whom the excellent author delivered it, that
they will lay it well to heart.
" This reformation and restoring the church's estate
must needs begin of you our fathers, and so follow in us
your Priests, and in all the Clergy.

" Let the canons be rehearsed, which command that be-
nefices of the Church be given only to those that are wor-
thy ; and that promotions be made by the iig h t balance of
virtue, nor by nearest kindred, or carnal affection, or ac-
ception of persons : whereby it happened' now-a-days that
boys, and fools, and ill-livers, do reign and rule in the
Church, instead of old men, and wise, and good.
• s .s* •

" Above all things let the canons be rehearsed, that ap-
pertain to you, my Reverend Fathers and Lord Bishops ;
laws concerning your just and canonical election in the
chapters of your churches, calling upon the Holy Ghost .
for because those canons are not obeyed now-a-days (but
prelates are chosen oftentimes more by the favour of men,
than by the grace of God), hence truly it comes to pass,
that we have not seldom Bishops who have little spiritu-
ality in them, men rather worldly than heavenly, savouring
.more of the spirit of this world than the spirit of Christ

" Let the-canons be rehearsed of the residence of
Bishops in their dioceses, which command that they look
diligently to the health of souls, that they sow the word of
God, that they thew themselves in their churches, at least
on great holydays ; that they officiate in their own per-
sons, and do s icrifice for their people ; that they bear the
causes and matters of poor men ; that they sustain father-
less children and widows, and exercise themselves in works
of virtue. _ _

" Let the canons be rehe treed, concerning the right be-
stowing of the patrimony of Christ ; the canons, which
command that the goods of the church he spent—not in
costly building, not in sumptuous apparel and pomps, not
in feasting and banqueting, not in excess and wantonness,
not in enriching of kinsfolk, not in keeping of hounds ;
but in things profitable and necessary for the church.
For when St. Augustine, the monk, (once Bishop of Eng-
land), asked Pope Gregory how the Bishops and Prelates in
England should spend their goods, which were the offer-
ings of faithful people, the said Pope answered (and his
answer is put into the decrees, xii. 2) That the goods of
the Bishops ought to he divided into four parts; whereof
one part ought to be for the Bishop and his household,
another to his poorer clergymen, the third to repair and
uphold his tenements, the fourth to the poor people.
" Let the canons be rehearsed (yea, and that often-
times), which take away the filthiness and corruption of
your courts, which take away those daily new-found crafts
for lucre ; which effectually pull away this foul covetous-
ness, which is the spring-of all the evils that we feel, the
fountain of all iniquity.
a
When these canons are rehearsed .(aud such others as
concern us, and. the correction of our manners), nothing
*l7l butlaauctkhiorly a
dt tw
e.trh, et
ilsaatmoen
cbee
(seeingput i in
we xe ehcauvt ieon
a
‘wviiithi
law) we live according to the law. For which things,
with all due reverence, I call chiefly upon you, fathers (for
this execution of the canons, and observing of the consti-
tutions), must needs begin at you, that ye may teach us
priests,to follow you by lively examplea ; or else truly it
will be said of you, They lay grievous burdens upon

other men's backs, but they themselves will not es much
as touch them with their little finger.' Matt. xxiii. 4.
" For indeed if yoii keep the laWs, and first reform your
own lives to the rules of the canon laws, then shall ye give
us light, (in which we may see what is to be done oh our
part),—that is to say, the light of your good eiample: and
we seeing our fathers to keep the laws, will gladly follow
their steps.
" The clergy and spiritual men being thus once re-
formed in the church, we may then with a just order pro-
ceed to the reformation of the laity's part ; which truly
will be very easily done, If we be fii.st reforhied our.
For the body follows the soul ; and such as the
rulers in the city be, such are the inhabitants. Where-
fore, if priests that have the charge of souls be good, the
people will straight be good too. Our goodness will
teach them far more clearly and effectually to be good,
than all other teachings and rreathinge whatsoever : our
goodness shall compel them into the right way, truly more
Powerfully than all your suspensions, excommunications,
and cursings.
" Wherefore, if ?,'e will have the lay-people to live after
your wish end will, first live ye yourselves after the will
of God; and so, trust me, ye shall effect in them whatso-
ever ye would.

" Ye would he obeyed by them ; and it is fit :ye should
(for these are the wards of St. Paul to the lay people,
them that have rule over you, and submit your-
selves ;' lleb. xiii. 17); but if you will have this obe-
dience, first do you perform within yourselves that, which
is the reason and cause why they ought to obey you, which
the said St. Paul ter..theth (and it follows in the text)_
vie. Takes ye heed diligently, as those that must give a
reckoning for their souls ; and they will obey you.
• I*

" Ye would reap their carnal things; and gather tithes
and offerings s'ithoUt contention ; and it is very fit (for
St. Paul writing to the Romans saith, ' It is their duty
to minister unto yon in carnal things,' Rom. itv. 27);
but you ought first to sow your spiritual things, and then
ye shall reap plentifully their carnal things ; for truly that
man is very hard and unjust, who will reap where he
never did sow, and desires to gather where be never scat-
tered."— Timm

Bogle of the Anti-Reform Journals are endeavour-
ing to raise what may be justly described as a very
puling sort of sympathy on bilhalf df tail Motive
and one or two other persons, whose active oppo-
sition to the great measure of Reform has at length
caused their dismissal. It is true, indeedi that the
Ministers are very Muth to blame upon this sub-
ject; but it is a blame of a Very opposite nature to
that which their oOtiottk'nts theist With. 'the
real blame attaching to them is that, with a forbear-
ance amounting to little short of pusillanimity, they
have suffered thettselves tb be bearded and opposed
by the heads as well as the Underlings of various
departments; who haVe treated them throughout,
according to the correct expression of a contem-
porary, as if, instead of being the permanent Minis-
ters of the Crown; they were only '6 warming-
pans" for their peedeCesiOrS till their return to
office. To such an exent has this been carried,
that we could ourselves name twenty instances
in which the oceupii3rs bt places of considerable
emolument have openly, and without disguise
(some, as in the case of the late Dorchester
election), enlisted thethselVeS in the ranks of the
opponents of Ministers, and have actually un-
furled the banner of Anti-Reform" in the very face
and in the teeth of that Sovereign and his Mini-
sters whose bread they have at the sanie tiiiie the
meanness to eat; and we are confident it would not
be too much to say that the unfortunate restit of
the Reform All is to 4 cettiiin dekree Ovring to this
forbearance and apparent pusillanimity we are
speaking of. It is surely mere than high time that
such a system should cease. Its mlsthit'vons effects
are too apparent to sanction its continuance for a
moment longer I and if nnblenieri grail gentlemen
are not on the one hand high-mindeu enough to
spurn places at the price of principle, or, as we
stated the other day, sufficiently prudent " to sip
their porridge and hold their tongues," Ministers are
imperatively Called dpbh bit all that is due to
their Ring and country, as well as to themselves,
not to let dismissals stop here, but to send every
orb r. to the right about' who sets himself in arruy
against them, either upon the Reform question or
any other. This is what the late Ministers would
haVe thine. The Duke of Wellington, we will
venture to say, would have suffered no open mu-
tineer to have continued in his camp—no, not even
were his excuse that it was a mere " mistake."—
Morning Herald.

'Vhatevermay be the result of the Reform question,
as regards England—whether the people here will
submit to any curtailment of the provisions of the
Bill, or allow themselves to be finally tricked out of
it altogether by Bishops and borouglimongering
Peers, and Scotch Tory Lords, who have long fed
their families and relations, and dependents, out of
the public purse—it appears to us as evident as the
sun at noon-day that the people of Scotland will
never submit to the one or to the other—that they
will have their Bill passed, and passed without cur-
tailment, or join the people of Ireland in demanding
a repeal of the Union ! These people have ne Bishops
among them—they have no love for them, and they
will riot submit to have the question of their freedom
or vassalage decided by them. At the time of the
Reformation, the people of Scotland saw that if they
retained Bishops among them, for whose existence
in the form in which they then appeared among
them, and in which they still exist in this country,
they could find no scriptural foundation—they would
have no safety against the return of a Catholic yoke,
Catholic rites, and a Catholic religion, all of which
they abhorred; and they, therefore, swept from
among them the last vestige of their order—esta-
blished a community of rights and privileges, not
only among themselves, but with the consent, or
rather under the guidance, of the Reformers, among
the Clergy themselves. It cost them much blood,
much treasure—many years of civil discord—arid
many hard-fought battles with the enemies of civil
and religious freedom, before they attained this glo-
rious triumph over state and priestcraft :—they had
the Sovereign against them—they had the Bishops
against them—they had many even of a feudal No-
bility against them ;—but they triumphed over all—
the standard of the Covenant beat down the banner
of state and priest slavery, and from that moment to
the present they have enjoyed a degree of religious
freedom, and religious personal independence, as
well as a sound Church government, which is un-
known in any other part of the world, and of the
blessings of which they are as truly sensible as they
charitably deplore the bondage in which we are
held. That these things are known to our readers
we cannot doubt, and we mention them simply for
the purpose of asking whether a people, enjoying a
truly republican government in their religions con-
cerns, arid who fought so hard for the freedom of
conscience, are likely to give up their civil freedom
without a struggle ? Whether they will submit to be
dictated to by Bishops and boroughmongering
Peers ? No. The days of the Covenant are still
remembered among them—the armour worn by their
ancestors when fighting for religious freedom is still
to be found in many an humble dwelling—and if
need be again, the solemn League and Covenant
will be once more renewed—and the trusty weapons
which cleared the country of foreigners and the
enemies of civil freedom, be once more put on to
beat down the enemies of their civil liberties.—
Mor ?ling Advertiser.
We beg to refer our readers to the great Birming-
ham meeting, held on Thursday—.a meeting not of
the Political Union, or composed of the working
classes, but of the merchants, manufacturers, and
clergy--of men possessing a stake in the country,
and in every respect capable of giving a sound opi-
nion of its affairs. And what did they say or do ?
Why, they declared, in no measured terms, the
bitter disappointment which they had sustained at
the defeat of the Reform Bill by the House of
Peers—they also declared their unbounded confi-
dence in the King and his Ministers—they re-
solved "that no measure of Parliamentary Reform,
in which the great principles of disfranchisement,
enfranchisement, and right of voting, are confined
within more restricted limits than those recognised
by the late Reform Bill, will satisfy the just
claims and expectations of the people, or restore
the true principles of the British Constitu-
i lion"--and, finally, they passed a resolution to

' the effect that " the systematic opposition of
nearly the whole CorpOratien of Lords Spiritual
to the constitutional rights of the people—of
those who voted against the Bill and those who
absented themselves—their rooted attachment
to corrupt and corrupting institutions, and political
disregard to the first principles of that holy religion
of which they claim to be pre-eminently the Mi-
nisters—have justly deprived them of the national
respect and confidence; and will, ultimately, be the
means of depriving them of their legislative func-
tions." Now, my Lords Bishops, what do you
think of this resolution ? In former times ye
would have raised a cry of the Church being in
danger, had even an approach been made to lan.;
gunge of this sort—ye wduld have called on
the temporal power to interfere, and intioctrit men
would haVe been imprisoned because they spoke the
truth :—but, thank Heaven, these times are gone
by—the war-whoop that " the Church is in dan-
ger" will call forth but a petty band for her
protection ; for in truth the Churchthe cause of
religiouis in no danger---itis you only, the ministers
and overseers of the Church, and not the rellgioh
of the Church, which is in dangerand ye
will call in vain for effectual help and support on
those who were formerly your shield-bearers when
the people raged against your enormous exactidng,
and most un-apostolic revenues and habits. Ye have
rent the veil of the Temple in twain—and its inmost
recesses ate now as well known to the humblest of
your flocks as they were formerly carefully con-
cealed from them: Would to Heaven that, instead
of astonishing, dismaying, disgusting, and convert-
ing re(erence into contempt, and affection into
hatred, they had been as pure as ye would have
had your flocks to believe ! Towards the regular,
and subordinatt, and Working clergy of the Church
there is no feeling in the public rnind but that of tli4
respect which ought to be paid to them. They have
not intermeddled to thwart the just desires of t lie
people, and they will; we hope, continue to minister
to the temporal and spiritual comforts of the people,
with pleasure and satisfaction to themselves, and
benefit to all who attend on their ministrations.
Generally peaking the; are pious and worthy men
—labourers in the vineyard worthy of mote than
their hire—instant in season and out of season, and
neither tutning to the left or to the right in order to
benefit their temporal condition: Long may they
continue to be distinguished by every Christian
virtue, and to prove themselves examples as well as
preceptors of the divine religion which they profess
But with the Bishopsit is done 8a far as regards
their temporal power=they may find " a place of
repentance"-but there neither is, or can be, any
" saving grace" to them from the people. Their
day of ilkstatted power, !loth to the Church and to
the State, is fast drawing to a close ; and when
questioned on their fatal vote on the Reform Bill,
they may well employ the larrgnage of the Roman
poet, when speaking of a very diffetent subject,

" Infandum, Regina, jubea renovare dolorem."
—Morning Advertiser:

The allies of our revcrlotiotiary Ministers, finding
it somewhat !dd hazardous to proceed further in
their murderous attacks upon the persons of the
Pere of the realms or in setting fire to their castles,:
are endeavouring to bet: rid of the bile which their
defeat has excited, and at once to flatter and sup-
port
their friends in the Administration, by direct-
ing etety species of invective, calumny, and intuit
against the Prelates of the Church of England.
This is very wise and very manly no doubt, and
precisely the kind of conduct which was to be ex-
pected
from Reformers of the Ministerial kidney
when they found, moderate men as they are, that
they could not have every thing exactly their
own way, and that their patrons in power could
not go so far as to assure them of entire impunity
in cutting throats or burning houses in revenge of
their disappointment. We hare no intension e'er-
thinly of undertaking the defence of the Bishops
against such assailants as have yet attacked
them. This we feel would be to degrade
alike the Episcopal Bench and ourselves. But
it may be worth while to mention one or two
particulars which the reforming friends of Earl Grey
and Lord Brougham constantly omit, and which are
manifestly essential to any accurate or even rational
estimate of the conduct and motives of the Prelacy
with respect to the late Bill, not for the purpose of
vindicating the latter, who assuredly need no vindi-
cation from us, but in order to shew how very small
a portion of reflection or good sense is required to
constitute that paragon of political perfection in our
day, a zealous thorough-going Reformer, according
to the Bill. The Bishops are, it so happens, the
only class of persons who voted, in either House of
Parliament, upon the Bill, with respect to whom
it can be demonstrated that in opposing it they were
entirely free from any personal, sordid, or cor-
rupt motives. There is no doubt that other men
were actuated by motives equally pure with those
which must have'governed the conduct of the Bishops;
but the purity of motive can, we repeat, in the case of
no other class of persons be so conclusively and unde-
niably established. The first personal interest of every
Bishop who has not yet attained to the highest and
the richest see is to stand well with the Adminis-
tration of the day, and to this he has no interest
whatever of a selfish nature to oppose. While the
discussion of the Bill was in progress reports of the
dangerous illness of the Bishop of Durham, and of
some other of the Prelates of England and Ireland,
in possession of the wealthiest sees, were indus-
triously promulgated. Why was this ? To seduce
the Bishops to vote in favour of the Bill and against
their conscientious conviction. Of this there can
be no doubt. Did the corrupt temptation prevail ?
We triumphantly refer to the division. And why
should the Bishops have opposed the Minister who
was likely to have the power of rewarding their
subserviency in a manner so magnificent? Was
it that the Bill destroyed borough property ?
Which of the Bishops, we demand, has any
property of this description ? Was it that the
Bill was calculated to diminish any unjust or
unconstitutional power of the Aristocracy ? The
Bishops are for the most part aged men, and for the
most part can transmit no place in the Aristocracy
to their descsndants. \Vas it that the Bill destroyed
numerous corporations, or divested them of their
privileges ? What have the Bishops to do with
those corporations or their privileges any further
than as they may consider them conducive to the
public welfare ? Was it that the Bill might probably
lead the way to a Reform in the Church ? What, if
they be selfish or corrupt men, is the Church to
them provided their life interests be protected ? And
how could they so well secure that as by obeying
the will of the Minister, and yielding to the clamour
of the people ? If the Bishops regard the Bill
as hostile to the interests of the Church, it was their
duty to oppose it. If they regarded it as hostile to
the public welfare, it was their duty to oppose it.
In the one or the other, or of both these opinions,
they may have been mistaken ; but there is no class
of men who have taken a part in the question, on
either side, who are so completely armed as the
Prelates of the Church of England against the
imputation of personal or corrupt motives. The
Bishops are abused and reviled by the Reformers,
then, merely because they have presumed to form
and to act upon an opinion of their own, rather
I than borrow their opinions from the class of persons
who attempt assassination in the streets, who raise
conflagrations in the country, and, when they dare
no longer pursue these very intellectual methods of
proving themselves to be in the right, enter into con-
p• acies to disturb the public services of religion in
the parish churches of the metropolis. That the
motives of the Bishops were pure and virtuous no
man of common sense can for a moment doubt.
That their judgment was also correct as to the cha-
racter and tendency of the Bill, the partisans of that
measure are labouring, if proof were wanting, to
supply it day after day in the greatest abundance.
The Bishop of London (who gave no vote upon
the measure) was to have preached yesterday at
St. Ann's, Soho, in aid of the rands of a valuable
local charity, and the Reformers, the allies of his
Majesty's Ministers, of that and the neighbouring

parishes, enter into a conspiracy to get possession of
the church, to exclude the regulat. laborers, ahcl to
insult the prelate, the temple, and that power to the
service of which both are dedicated, by an abrupt
and tumultuous departure at a given signal. The
Ministerial Evening Papers of Saturday announce
this intended exploit not only without any mark of
reprobation;, but with undisguised satisfaction, and
delight. Who can doubt, after this, that the jUdg=
ment of the Bishops was correct ? Can that have
been a measure worthy of their support of which
so large a proportion of the advocates take pains to
prove themselves the furious and determined ene-
Mies of all religion ?—Morning Post.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION-HO USE.

The Lord Mayor, upon going into the Justice.
room on Saturday, was handed the following elegant
epistle
To the Right Hon. the Lord Mayor of London, &c,
&c.

" 117 v Lord,—While dentoraliiing themes are lifted on
the giddy pinnacle di fotttine.while even the excess of
depravation can find an asylum—shall the iealotis adherent
Of pure morality and mental improvement, driven on the
verge of the tomb by his ardour for British ascendancy
And by sickness, be denied pity ? 0, my Lord, I can give
to you unequivocal proofs of my sincerity. It is not pos-
Sible but the Chief Magistrate of the Metropolis cf the
World will, even in equity, brit particularly of his gene-
rous feelings, either gr int a pass to bring me to Belfast,
or yield a shilling or two and a pair of old shoes to lead
Me on my sorrowful path, so far as the dry ground termi.
hates. I am friendless, pennyle,s, strengthless, and home-
less, though influenced by my own glowing zeal and the
enthusiasm of my heart to believe that I should find every
Briton breathe thoee general and generous feelings which
should ever distinguish the sons of fair Britannia. Will
put Lordship condescend to hear a few words of an ex-
perimental conversation with me? I wait your Lordship's
command in the ante-chamber. J. J."

The Lortix MAYOR having desired that the writer
of the letter should make his appearance, a man
about 35 years of age, every article of whose dress
was in a most poetical condition, entered from the
paupers' room, to which his warm imagination had
applied the more graceful epithet.
Pr►y (said the LoRD MAYOR) how does it happen
that such a master of language as you, are in such a
woful plight ? Applicant—That is, my Lord, an
ordination of Providence. I have tried my hand at
all concerns, and done nothing. Providence must
have had some motive for producing me, but it is
the most hidden and mysterious motive in exist-
ence.—( Laughter.)
The LOUD MAYOR—What business have you
been engaged in ? Applicant—" Teaching the
young idea how to shoot" in Ireland—(Laughter)—
but it was hungry work; I worked all day, and had
no substantial food to support me ; for though I
used to cut the meat for the boys, I was obliged to
shave it for myself,—(Loud laughter.) The mis-
tress had a sharp eye, and hated waste; ard she
knew to the weight of a grain what quantity I sent
down to keep life moving in me.—(Laughter.)
The LORD MAYOR—They act more liberally in
England. Applicant—That, my Lord, was the
identical circumstance that made me direct my steps
here. Go (says every one) to the Mansion-house,
and see what a difference there is. —( Great laughter.)
The LORD MAYOR—You mistake me, my friend.
I mean the keepers of schools. You will have a
better chance of good treatment here in your profes-
sion. Applicant—l hope so, my Lord. But I was as-
sured that the schoolmaster was abroad every where
in England ; and, by the virtue of my oath, I have
never seen a man since I landed on your shlres that
ever yet appeared to have met him.—(Laughter.)
Where's the use in instructing the obstinate and the
brutal ? I sent a play, a tragedy, to Drury-lane
Theatre, and they promised to bring it out before
the public, but it was obliged to yield its place to
the dragons, tigers, and polecats, although there was
not a line in it that was not the height of morality
and virtue.—(Laughter.)
A gentleman, who was present, said that he be-
lieved the tragedy would have been brought out,
were it not for the engagement of Mons. Martin and
his domestics.

Applicant—They wanted me to introduce the
natives of the woods and wilds, and desolate places,
but I told them I did not understand the language,
and so they employed one of the link-boys, and they
allow him the privilege of driving the two trades—
incendiary and dramatist.—(Laughter.)
The LORD MAYOR—WeII, I regret to see you in
such a condition. Your habits, I am afraid, must
he rather uneconomical, or you would not be so
ragged. However, you shall have a few shillings
and something to corer you, and I will send
you home.
Applicant—Most respectfully I thank you my
Lord Mayor; and if ever you come to Irelatid, and
happen to be in the same condition that I am, you
shall command my services.—(Loud laughter.)
