.
TRAWSLATiON Of A Pi,AeAltD,

AStiitED IN THE Nlo3t PUBLIC PLACES OP SEVILi.R,
iiO4/SE THE PEk)PLE TO TUB RESISTANCh ur
iItENCH 60141NA1'20N AND TYRANNY.
a GALLANT SEVILLIAN)

`.( War is not always clothed in horrors ; there is
I kind of peate More fatal than a field of battle,
.drefiched iu blood and strewed with the bodies the
slain. A townsman of your. Own, who has just be-
held the capital of Spain in a state of slavery, which
our enemies call a state of, Peace, has been able to
'compare the oppressed and degraded state 'of its
Unfortunate 'inhabitants with the noble attitude of
defence in which Andatusi2 stands. A month ago
the Spaniards bad lost their country Seville•has
stored- it to life, more, glorious than .ever, and
those fields which for so many years have.
.seen no steel but that of the plough-share, is
going, amidst the splendour of arms, to prove the
new cradle of this adored country. No, no : hu-
manity dues not shudder at the sound of war ; it,
wishes. it a thousand times more than the slow and
intei minable evils of slavery. Ah, says your towns-
man, were you to behold your brethren groaning and
shrieking in the chains 'which perfidy has thrown
around. them ! The most respectable citizen
ex-
posed to sufferthe insolence of the most contemptible
soldier of our enemy. At every step he has to en-
dure,*at least; the insult of being eyed with the dis-
dain of the conqueror to the conquered. The inha-
bitants.of Madrid, strangers as it were, arid by suf-
ferance' in their own houses, cannot enjoy one mo-
ment's tranquillity. The public festivals, established
by immemorial custom, the attendance on religious
ordinances, are considered as pretexts tbr insurrec-
tion, and threatened with being interrupted by dis-
charges of cannon. Distrust reigns in every heart,
and the smallest noise makes the citizens tremble hi
the .bosoms of their families. The enemy, from time
to time, run to arms, in order to keep up the impres-
sion of terror, with which they were struck by the
massacres of the 2d and ad of May. Then their pale
countenances announce the recollec.lion of theft t of
these unhappy victims :—all fly to their houses, lock
their doors, then hardly think themselves safe. One
is in fear for his children, 'another fur his .wite, and a
third for his friends. Madrid is a prison of which
the jailors take pleasure in terrifying theprisoners,
by alarms, in 'order to keep them quiet. What a
wide difference between that situation and yours, my
beloved countrymen ! I could nbt retrain from
tears of joy on viewing the City in which I drew
first *atir, and.. to see it in a situation so glo-
rious. The noble military ardour, the flame of pa-
triotism, the generous love of independence; are alive
in your breasts, united with the love and submission
to those laws and that authority which you. haVe esta-
Wished. History will delineate you as'a model, of
which there are few examples in. the world. The
pow"'er of the people has preserved trithem its inde-
pendence. Submission and confidence in the Ma-
gistrates 'free them from the horrors of anarchy.---
You have fulfilled the wishes and hopes of all, the
lovers of their Country. This becoming obedience
has given an incredible energy to the Convention (la
Junta) •in whom lou have reposed your confidence.
Who will believe, that' in little more than tinily
days, and amidst the hurry and noise of war, the po-
litical, economical, -and Military administration of a
Kingdom 'could thus be duty organised ? Such is
the poWet of patriotism and' sincerity under the
guidance of enlightened minds ! Seville is the. ter-
vor of 'our enemies, the hope of Spain, and the glory
of her sons. Fly-fly to the field of 'honour. , Happy
you who can partake in..the vidtory which
sis await-
ing you. Fly, while there are still enemies
to combat. Life or death, in such a cri-
sis, is indifferent,. You,. who shall 'return, shall
receive the reward of gratitiade in the embraces
of your country, which shall proclaim you her Deli-
verers. And you, whom Heaven destines to seal
with your blood the independence of your nation, the
honour of your women, and the purity of the reli-
gion which you profess, do not dread the anguish of
the last moments ; remember in these moments t hat
there are in our hearts' inexhaustible tears of tender-
ness, to shed over your graves ; and fervent prayers,
to, w'hich,the Almighty Father of mercies will lend
an ear, Co -grant you a glory superior to that which
those who survive you shall enjoy. Conquer Ar die,
noble Andalusians. There is no danger but in flight.
Conquer, or die, and victory is ours!'', .

CUPAR, FIFE.—On Thursday the 4th ult. the Cu-
par, or Ist Regiment of Fifeshire Volunteer Infan-
try, commanded by Colonel J. B. WEMYSS, of We.
myssThall, marched to Cupar from Sr. Andrew's,
where they bad been on perManent dirty for fUur-
teen days: during their 'stay in that City they eon-
duaed themselves in a most becoming and soldier-
like manner. Their departure from St. Andrew's
was very much regretted by the inhabitants. The
regiment Was reviewed on the 3d ult. by Majpr-Ge-
neral‘EasxmE, accompanied by Colonel DOUGLAS
(I. F. Officer); and 'Brigade-Major .M‘DyN'Acn :
they went through their various formations. with
great correaneSi. The General was pleased to ex-
press his opinion of the corps in the highest terms.
The clean and soldier-like 'appearance ot: the regi-
ment, •he said, made it .appear nothing inferior to
any Militia corps, and, in few words, but much to
the satiSta4tion of those interested, wished that all
the corps of Vnlunter Infantry in Great Britain were
ttl like;state as to appearance and discipline.
List 1,4,,ek.•,1( a melancholy occurrence took place at
a Noble Man's seat, near Woburn, in Bedfdrdshire.
The butler in the family of Lady 0. had paid his
.addresses for some time to her Ladyship's waiting
woman, and a day was fixed on for their marriage,
With the consent of the Noble fimily. The day
preceding the intended union, the wife of the butler
_made her appearance, from whom it appeared,:that
she had been long married to him, and that he bad
I left her and two children to shift as they could.—
The butler immediately absConded ; and the young
woman, disappointed and betrayed, put an end to
her existence by suspending herself to the bedstead
on which she slept. • ,
YORKSHIRE AssizEs.-The ten Prisoners who in
June last were concerned in a riotous attack twit'
the dwaing-house and cornmill of Mr. TAYLOR,
of Bradford, in the parisbof Milton, in the West
. Riding, have been tried, and nine of them, including
i,eo women, were found guilty, and have beeW sen-
tenced tct sea months inaprituntwnt.

At \Vindstir yesterday, the Morning Wait tlshered
in with the tinging of bells, add every talwr demth:
stration of In• the evening, I'vIAJEI4-rilis
and the PKINCE,SE walked on the Terrace, which
was Crowded to Ali excess,-'and received the congta,
tulations of the Nobility and company present, on
the ppy
.return of his 1A6)41 Higt4tess the Prince
_Of WALES'A birth day. The go) al Family were`at
tended by Lotd BOSTON, the Honottrable Mr. VIL-
-4IEh,, and General Flittt'cobuT; they were in high
spirits; and did not leate the Terrace until atier
eight o'clock. The Staffordshire Militia. at eight
o'clock fired afeu de joie.
The theatre. was most splendidly illuminated with
variegated lamps the performances were Douglas
and High Life Below SlaiTS. Mr. PoTNAN.I spoke
'a patriotic address complimentary to the PRINCE,
which was received with bursts of applause.. All
the principal streets in the town were illuniinated)
and Windsor displayed a Most livelyappearance.
