DIPERIAL PARLIAMENT,

HOUSE OF LORDS, air' ::1; 23.
The LORD CHANCELLOR took his seat cn the Wool.
is k at Ten Minutes to Five o'clock.
Lord DUNDAS presented petitions from St. Aarew's,
Bo:Towstownness, and other places, in Scotiond, on tht,
subject of Parliamentary Reform and tegro slavery.
Lord WHARNCLIFFE gave notice, that on Tlitsday
he would lay on their Lordshin,' table a Bill relative to
the truck system.
Lord TEYNHAM gave notict: that on an early dty he '
would move for leave to bring in a Bill re/alive to thr
Mice of Overseer, and the Poor Laws generally.
HIS MAJESTY'S ANSWER TO THE ADDRESS.
. .

The LORD CHANCELLOR had to inform the House
that their Lordships had waited upon his Majesty with
the Aildmss of that House, to which his Niajesty was
graciously pleased to return the following most gracious
Answer :
" Ms. Loitos—l thank you for this loyal and dutiful addrtss.
I receive with pleasure your assurance that you wi4.l take into
early consideration the various matters which I recommended to
our attention ; and I rely with perfect confidence on your sum.
port in maintaining the peace and improving the prosperity or
the country."
Lord PLUNKETT took this opportunity of romplainin,
of a most gross and scandalous libel published upon him
in a Newspaper, purporting to be a report of the speech
of a Member of the other House of Parliament, which im-
puted to him that which would mike him on?. of the most
abject of men, and he was most anxious to know upon
what grounds such an attack cotthi he made, for none teat
ever made more totally without foundation,

Lord LONDONDERRY would sugge;t that no discus.
aion should take place on this subject, till there was an
kippartunity of conferring privately with the Hon. Baronet,
for lie was sure there was ne man more incapable of mak-
ing a statement without foundation than the Hon, Bennet.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH said, that he conceived it
to be out of order to make such charger against a Member
~f the other House. There was another course for the
Noble Lord to pursue, and it was unnecessary for hint
(Lord Ellenbornuzh) to point it out to the Noble Lord'.
Lord PLUNKETT said, one of the charges against him,
for there were many, was, that he had bartered a
judicial office for the support of thirty votes for
a Government candidate at the late election ; he
had scarcely occasion to assure their Lordships that
such a charge was without the slightest foundation, and he
was only anxious at this early period to set himself right
with their Lordships and the country generally.
The LORD CHANCELLOR teen moved that his
Majesty's most gracious answer to the Address should
he entered on their Lordships' Journals, for the purpose of
being printed, which motion was carried.
