BRIGHTON-STINDA-i:

The King and Queen, the Royal suite and household,
tended Divine Service this morning in the Palace Chape...
The Marchioness of Ely and the Rev. Dr. Foord Bowes
were in the Royal pew with their Majesties, and the body
of the sacred edifice was crowded with nobility and gentry
The Rev. Dr. Everard read prayers, and an excellent geri
mon was preached from the II th chapter of St. Luke,
35th verse, by the Rev. J. S. M. Anderson. An anthem
from the 57th Psalm, composed by Michael Wise, was
well sung by the choir.

Another change in the weather, in the course of the
night, from the mildness of Spring to the severe cold of
the Winter, has confined their Majesties, the Court, and all
our fashionables, within doors. Snow has fallen thickly
here during the day, unaccompanied by frost, and the roads
and public drives are in a disagreeable state.
The Swedish and Greek Ministers quitted Brighton this
morning for the metropolis.
Yesterday morning his Majesty, being free from the
pressure of State business, took a carriage drive before
luncheon with the Duchess of Gloucester. In the after-
noon his Majesty, accompanied by Lady de Lisle, drove
out on the Lewes road.

The Queen, accompanied by the Hon. Miss Hope John-
stone, honoured the village of Rottingdean with a visit yes-
terday morning before luncheon.

Yesterday, his Majesty gave audience to Mr. Campbell,
a gentleman from Hampton Court, to whom the King is
much attached.
The Royal dinner party on Friday evening comprised
Lieutenant-Colonel Gooch, Sir A Dalrymple, Sir Charles
Pratt, Colonel Grey, Sir R. Macfarlane, Colonel 'Walton,
Colonel Brotherton, Sir Charles Egerton, Colonel Chat-
terton, Major Scarlett, Lieutenant-Colonel Broadhead,
Lord Abinger, Marquis and Marchioness of Ely, and Colo-
nel Shaw.
Yesterday evening Admiral Sir Charles and Lady Row-
ley, Mr., Lady S., and Miss Bayley, Earl and Lady G.
Bathurst, Lord and Lady Frances Egerton, and the Hon.
Mr. and Mrs. Ashley, had the honour of dining with their
Majesties.

Among our latest arrivals are Lord and Lady F. Eger-
ton, Mr., Lady S., and Miss Bayley, Captain N. B. Big-
land, R.N., Lord Sydney Osborne, and Dowager Lady
Langham.

DUBLIN

(FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.)
" Si genus humanum, et mortalia temnitis arma,
At sperate Deos memores fandi atque nefandi."—Vma.

FRENCH PAPERS.

CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES-=SITTING OF JAN. 8.

M. Dupin took the chair in presence of a full attendance
of Members. The President of the Council and the Mi-
nisters of Public Instruction, Justice, the Finances, Com-
merce, and the Interior were in their places. In the tri-
bune reserved for the Corps Diplomatique we observed
General Coletti, the Greek Minister.
The order of the day, being the communication of the
draft of the address in reply to the speech from the throne,
the document was read by the President as follows :
" Sire,--The Chamber of Deputies, faithfully interpret-
ing the desires and the wants of the country, congratulates
itself on having to lay before your Majesty words of satis-
faction and of hope. Profound peace reigns in the State,
and France has faith in its duration. This security, by ce-
menting our union at home, augments the assurance of our
power abroad. Happy the country which feels in so high
a degree the consciousness of its strength, when all its wishes
are for peace !

The supporters of the Orange faction in Ireland are
rushing headlong into destruction. Their most implacable
enemies could not devise their downfall by ways more pre-
cipitate than those which they are themselves pursuing.
Your readers are already informed of the recklessness.with
Which certain Tory landlords are driving their devoted
tenantry to the very brink of famine and destitution—re-
gardless alike of the sufferings of their unfortunate fellow-
creatures, and the effects of such sufferings on an excitable
and vindictive population. Thousands of these wretched
people are, in different parts of Ireland, expelled from the
homes and firesides of their forefathers, to wander out-
casts of society in penury and affliction—or become willing
instruments of retaliation and revenge. It is well known
that some of the most atrocious crimes that have disgraced
the annals of this country, at no very remote period, origi-
nated in the expulsion from their farms of the peasantry,
and the substitution of others more acceptable to the ava-
rice or prejudices of the landlord. And, although the fatal
consequences of this system could not be laid at the door
of the landlord, nor yet charged upon the unfortunate be-
ings, who suffered the penalty of their courage, in becoming
the tillers of the soil from which their perhaps less indus-
trious neighbour had been driven ; still they so harrowed
Up the feelings of all humane persons, as to excite, some-
times pity and sometimes odium, against those who were
even remotely the cause of such atrocities. I believe the
doctrine of " doing what, you like with your own" has
been of late years reprobated by all good men : when the
exercise of such a right had a tendency to produce the
crimes alluded to ; and that the system of substituting one
tenant who might pay a higher rent for another, has been 1
abandoned as impolitic and unprofitable, as well as mis-
chievous to the morals and peace of Ireland. But alas,
we live in times when disappointment and collision of par-
ties make mea blind to the lessons of experience ; and a
more wholeionze method of endangering the peace, and re-
tarding the welfare of this country, is beginning to be prac-
tised. It is not the fault of the Tories, that the present
winter has not been disgraced by those agrarian outrages
which have so . frequently demanded "a rigour beyond the
law." But thanks to_ the universal confidence in, and
'Pas of amelioration from the present Government, the
evils that were contemplated have been hitherto averted.
All the proscription and extermination of honest, indus-
trious, and unoffending Catholics, who would not be " driVen
to the poll," have failed to produce the results calculated
on. The desperate and falling faction had conspired to
force the electors of Ireland to become their tools, or: to
peril the peace of the country. This was the first object
of their combination ; they have since embraced otheri.
Every engine of persecution is prepared against, " a bold
Peasantry, their country's pride, which, when once destroyed,
can never be supplied." •
There is a " Lay Association" instituted by the Conser-
vatives, of the component parts of which something extra-
ordinary has transpired within these few days. These
worthies enter into subScriptions—nOt merely for the pur-
Pose of keeping up the number of Tory electors—to in-
crease them is now beyond their hopes, and of relieving
the Protestant Clergy, many of whom are no doubt, left in
a pitiable condition by their soi disant friends, the " Lords ;"
but to promote litigation, and heap costs on those who,
complying with the spirit of Goulburn's Act, are reluctant to
pay tithes. You might imagine' that such an association_
could consist only of a few speculating•attornies, whose mis-
conduct may have precluded them from a share in the or-,
dinary business of the country, and who think-this a good
°PPortunity for preying upon the miseries and' distresses of
the nation. No such thing. The Association is composed
f Tory politicians of every grade—including some lawyers
holding judicial situations. The names of several of the
latter have been within these few days bruited about, but I
forbear to mention them : because, whether it be true or
not, that they be members of the " Lay Association," it is
equally libellous to publish or impute to them a line of
conduct which is unquestionably more criminal than ordi-
nary misdemeanours. Some of the newspapers here have
already published certain names ; and if erroneously, there
Will no doubt appear a contradiction " by authority." Other-
wise, there must be an inquiry into the matter when Parlia-
ment meets. For, it cannot be tolerated, that men who
'nay, many of them certainly must, be called upon to adju-
dicate on registry and tithe questions, should be contribu-
toTs to a fund, and partisans of a Society existing for the
sole purpose of having those questions decided in favour of
a certain party. Burke, in his " observations on a late state
of the nation," said,—" All men who, under whatever pretext,
take a part in the formation or support of systems, con-
structed in such a manner as must, in their nature, disable
then:from the execution of their duty, have made themselves
guilty of all the present distraction, of the future ruin which.
they may bring upon their country." Nothing can more
strongly pourtray the blindness and desperation of the party
than this fact : it shows that they have completely out-
stepped the pale of the Constitution, for the purpose of
getting themselves back again into that old position, in
-which by their corrupt practices, they had almost effected
its destruction.
Now let us compare these proceedings with the conduct
-of the Reformers. A " Reform Registry Association"
is almost established, to counteract the machinations of
Irish Toryism. It has already obtained the support
and approbation of Liberals in this country, distinguished
for rank, wealth, and intelligence, who never joined
former Associations ; but who deem it their duty to come
-forward at this crisis,• when so great an effort is made
on the other, side to break down the independence of the
people. It has also the hearty concurrence of O'Connell
and his party ; and in fact may be said to be more a
.rational political institution than any ever before attempted.
'Yet there is not one Assistant Barrister or other judicial
fu,nctionary enrolled amongst its members, though there
have been upwards of a dozen Whig Reformers recently
appointed to such situations by the present and former
-Liberal Governments, who approve of its institution,
and wish it may be effectual in its object. As this object
is, however, to increase the number of Liberal electors,
those. geotlemen cannot reconcile it to their sense of de-
cency, much less to their conscience, to encourage in one
-place what it might be their paramount duty to discourage
in another. The Tories will be so consistent as to pursue
the same line of conduct in the assembly, and at the tribu-
vxd of justice ! Some Irish Whig Peers entertain- similar
feelings to those of the Whig law practitioners. Among
these is Lord Carew, who, while he declines becoming, a
member, for reasons creditable to his sense of duty, and his
honour as a Peer, has declared by letter to the Committee,
stedfast adherence to every principle of Reform which
he advocated and supported in the House of Commons ;
And no Irish Member better represented the wishes and
opinions of his constituents than R. Shapland Carew,
dining the many years that he was Member for the county
We.xford.
then, we find the high-minded Whig, whether in
'or out of place, upholding those principles and character
which he always advocated ; while the power-preserving
Tory, forgetful of every duty, public and private, and list-
less to the scorn of public opinion, pursues the same art of
'dishonest combination by which the " few" have hitherto
triumphed over the " many." Must not such a contrast
'excite the contempt and indignation of the humblest mem-
'ter of the community against that faction which has recourse
to "very expedient, however base and disgraceful, for the
resto.ration of its baleful ascendancy in' Ireland ? Such tur-
pitude. cannot fail to provoke the execration of all moral
and ho.nourable men—and to blast the political hopes of
those co.evicted of it, by a discerning and enlightened nation.

" This prosperous situation is due to the action of time,
and to the progress of public reason, which have triumphed
over the most difficult circumstances. Not long since,
France saw public order and our institutions struggling
against the desperate efforts of factions. To defend them,
Sire, your Government appealed only to the force of the
laws, and we take pleasure in acknowledging, with your
Majesty, the happy effects of the legislative measures adopted
by the constitutional powers. Seconded in every instance
by the good sense of the nation, they have restored the res-
pect due to the laws and public morals ; the attacks against
the Sovereign and constitution of the country have ceased,
and the confidence of all good citizens now rallies around
those great interests, which are henceforth inviolable.
" A catastrophe, with which the most lamentable recol-
lections are connected, has thrpwn the country into con-
sternation ; it will have served only to display in their true
light the magnanimity of the Sovereign and the affection of
France. Providence, who watches over her destinies, has
visibly protected your Majesty's days, which are the nation's
dearest patrimony.

" Your Royalfamily, Sire, has also its_part in the hopes
of the country. Your sons have passed their earliest years
with ours, and we now find them in the camp amidst our
valorous youth. In this noble participation of labour and
of peril, France recognizes the national character and the
dynasty of which she has made choice. She has seen with
emotion the eldest of her princes sharing in the fatigues
and the dangers of our army, and the Chamber having sym-
pathized with your just solicitude, is entitled to participate
in your satisfaction as a father and a King. That Chamber,
Sire, hopes that the residence of the heir to the Throne in
our African possessions will contribute to enlighten the Go-
vernment as to the measures best calculated to conciliate,
with regard to those possessions, the wishes of civilization,
and the real interests of France.

" The first necessity of civilization. Sire, is, peace, and
we have welcomed with heartfelt gratification the assurance
which has fallen from your Majesty's lips, that the state' of
our relations with Foreign Powers is satisfactory. Our in-
timate union with Great Britain is an additional guarantee
for the duration of peace ; it insures the duration and the
maintenance of the rights consecrated by Treaties, the exe-
cution of which is of importance to the balance of power
in Europe.
" France, Sire, sets an example of the faithful fulfil-
ment of promises. On the frontiers of Spain, your Ma-
jesty's Government has taken the necessary measures to
insure the accomplishment of the Treaty of the 28th of
April, 1834. The Chamber sincerely desires that those
measures, continued with vigilant firmness, may contribute
to the internal pacification of the Peninsula, and to the
consolidation of the Throne of Isabella 11.

" The Chamber regrets with your Majesty that the
treaty of the 4th of July, 1831, has not yet received its
complete execution. In the friendly mediation of -Great
Britain, the Chamber has seen a fresh proof of the alli-
ance which unites both countries. The declarations con-
tained in a recent act enables us at length to hope for a
termination equally honourable to two grent nations.
" Peace, Sire, can serve only to angment the prosperity
of our finances ; their satisfactory condition, as your Ma-
jesty informs us, will permit us .at length to obtain, in all
its reality, that equilibrium which is so desirable between
the revenues and the expenditure of the State. To attain
and preserve this important result, we are aware of all
the maturity that is required in the regulation of the credits,
of all the steadiness that is necessary in the maintenance of
their limits, and of all the prudence that must be observed
in the valuation of the receipts which are to provide for
that object. In this spirit we shall examine the financial
laws that may be presented to us. A well-advised economy
is a sacred duty for the Government, and also for a Cham-
ber which is the guardian of the public fortune.
" To the other laws announced by your Majesty the
Chamber will devote the attention which their importance
deserves. The question relates to the organization of the
municipal liberties, on which the political existence of na-
tions is founded, to the ministerial responsibility by which
it is secured, to the instruction by which it is perpetuated.
We must deliberate on administrative and judicial reforms,
on the increase and regularity of our internal communica-
tions, on the serious
.questions which relate to our foreign
commerce. It is especially at a period of security that
public liberties can be consolidated, without the dangers
arising either from distrust or from a too precipitate confi-
dence. At such a moment, a character of duration may
be iMparted to social improvements undertaken with pru-
dence.

the moment has arrived, when France may reap
the fruits of her prudence and her courage ; and of all those
fruits the first is that tranquillity of public feeling which your
Majesty by your noble and dignified language, invites and
encourages, and without which the tranquillity of States is
but apparent and ephemeral.
" Yes, Sire, the Chamber thinks with your Majesty, that
when the persevering force of the laws has discouraged party
spirit, by impressing it with a conviction of its impotence,
it belongs to a conciliatory and generous system of policy to
rally every Frenchman around the throne and the institu-
tions of July.
_

"It is thtis that France will be enabled to preserve for
the prosperity her strength and her services, that have too
frequently been turned against herself, and made subser-
vient to the dissensions by which she has been torn. At
present, Sire, she turns a- deaf ear to vain theories, as well
as to the language of passion ; she asks those who govern
her to watch, in her behalf, over the grand moral and poli-
tical interests which form the real splendour of nations.
" Sire, the Chamber of Deputies will be faithful to her
voice. We will second her lofty flight by bringing our
laws to perfection, by exerting our utmost efforts for the
improvement of public morals, by directing our most dili-
gent study to the real interests of commerce, by protecting
our various branches of industry, and especially agriculture,
the first of all which, on account of the difficulties of its
present situation, as well as its vital importance, claims the
entire solicitude of the Government.

" Such, Sire, are our wishes. May the nation, in the
career which is opened before her, march rapidly towards
the accomplishment of her high destinies!
" With that result, Sire, the gratitude of the nation, will
associate your name, and although the peaceful termination
of disorder and the prosperity of a people generally belong
to different epochs and different reigns, that twofold glory
will be reserved for your Majesty ; it will prove the re-
compense most grateful to your paternal heart, and his-
tory will record it as the distinctive characteristic of your
reign."

AGNES DE MANSFELDT BF GRATTAN.—There
13 to state of human existence that' more awakens all, the
generous sympathies of our nature than the undeserved
sufferings undergone by great and noble characters. Mr.
Grattan has touced this chord sweetly and tenderly. The
character of " Agnes de Mansfeldt" makes us proud of her
aex, and proud also of the generous feelings which her inborn
elevation excites in us. The book must he read and re-read
to be fully appreciated. .
\Trot.
--..z.R.-BITES.—The symptoms produced by the
bite of the viper are the following :—Pain in the part,
•commencing within a few minates after the bite, aug-
Inented by pressure, and extending up the limb. Tume-
faction, at first accompanied with paleness, then with
redness, and subsequently with lividity and a gangrenous
(appearance ; great hardness of the part. Syncope, or
temdency to it ; pulse frequent, small, and irregular ;
resniration difficult ; cold sweats ; vomiting, with extreme
sensibility of stomach ; sometimes pain in the umbilical
region, and yellowness of the skin ; disordered vision ;
sometimesconvulsions, and disturbance of the intellectual
‘7,ies. A discharge of dark and subsequently saneous
moot takes
lligrene- place from the part, and,- when death occurs,
g
appears. It is not frequently
ay fatal in the human
su tject.-11fedical Gage tte
On Saturd •
q
afternoon, about five o'clock, one-half
of a
t le suspension bridge, near Wakefield, suddenly gave
way .o.itla tremendousthe crash, in consequence of the break-
ing oi'' .one 0 supporting chains. This bridge is di-
vided .;jl,o two compartme .
nts ; in the centre it is supported
1, ,uns and by one •
by two c-. ,en either side ; and on that even-
ing.on
there w efe upon`one part of the bridge a waggon loaded
with barley,carts, two
and a gig. The three former were
' to the water, and
'Precipitated ia.
who came rescued by the indefatigable
exertions of the peoplen
led in theto.ssist ; but the gig and
i'l°rse' becoming en
ag
remained in that chain• and broken frag-
to ents Of the bridge,
be afforded.situation for some time
$ fore any assistance could The horse was
bars
ki Bed by some of the brokenhavingbut entered its boiy
much bruised,
an nd the driver was verynone of his bones
,WI re broken.—Halifax Express,

The draft of the address, the reading of which was
succeeded by a considerable agitation, was ordered to be
printed and distributed, and the Chamber having decided
that the discussion on it should take place on Monday
next, the President announced that the Deputies who in-
tended to speak for and against it might enter their names
on the list in the customary form, from to-morrow (Satur-
day) morning, at nine o'clock.
After a short suspension of the sitting, the Chamber
was called upon to decide in a case of contested election
for the arrondissement of Fougere. The rival candidates
for the arrondissement were Messrs_ Trehu de Monthierry,
junior, and Lebcschu de Champsavin, Counsellor at the
Cour Royale of Rennes. The former had been declared
duly elected, but a number of the electors had signed a
protest against his nomination, on the ground of certain ir-
regularities in the votes in his favour, and had also formally
required the Chamber to declare M. Lebeschu de Champ-
savin duly elected. The report on this question was read
by M. Janvier, who, in the name of the sixth bureau, pro-
posed that the election for the arrondissement of Fougeres
should be declared altogether null and void. , After a tedi-
ous and uninteresting discussion, the conclusions of the
Hon. Deputy were adopted, and the Chamber decided that
the election of the College of Fougeres was irregular, and,
consequently, annulled.
Adjourned till Monday, when the debate on the Address
will commence.

THE STIN,JI,4ONDON, MONDAY, JANUARY 11, 1836.

knewan He
e attack
ti
secret of the measures contemplated by the Ministry, but
although' he learned in September what I then intended to
do, my measures are not to be the same. It-who had the
good fortune, while. in London, to contract a loan for Por-
tugal at 7i per c..e,nt.*,' declared
,Itnolt,sl::aot tshoamt
elocbosucli:
ewtl,iiacnhd whoeulhdas bekeapdt-
I in
on -him. I declare it to.
not undertakeAviake one fetlr,,Lai4n,
vivtaa.
tni to alngs
thankemo uasd
have been far from my wish to do so. He thinks that the
publication of certain comments in the newspapers, where
e'l7:ie's'eteftorldri eaniyt
. a censure exists, is like an accusation. The Government
has given orders to the censors to allow the utmost latitude
to the press, eren with respect to comments on the present
Ministers. That cannot' therefore be supposed an attack
on him. As to the estimates, the new Cortes will soon
meet, and then will they be fully presented, and the exer-
cise of the vote of confidence will then be examined.
That exercise may be much, little, or nothing ; but it is
the opinion of the Ministry, it is requisite, in order to
enable the Government to complete the great work it has
begun. It has been said that the Government intends by this
vote to take possession of the property of private persons, but
how can that take place when the Government declares that
it does not even contemplate raising new taxes ? There are
some Procuradores who combat the plan of the Government
on reasons drawn from the article of the Gazette on the
22d of September, but that article is a mere explanation of
the principles and opinions of the Minister of Finance, who
gave them to the public for comment and observation. The
Government proceeds with caution and frankness, and the
day will soon come when a law will be presented to equalize
the interests of the home and foreign creditors. Senor
Martinez de la Rosa said yesterday, that however much he
was disposed to support the present Ministry with means to
put down the civil war, he did not know what means he
ought to afford. He who has been twice a Secretary of
State is well aware of the obstacles which we, have to over-
come, and which are calculated to ruin the most powerfull
nation, a minority of nine years, a war of succession, and a
conflict of principles, which prevents the union of a
Spaniards under the sceptre of 'lsabel 11. I would ask
him, if the evil he wishes to avoid could be met by a loan
of .500,000,000 or 600,000,000 ? He supposes that the
measures which the Government contemplates in order to
fulfil ies most important object, are exclusively operations
of credit, and he trembles at the results, in which, in conse-
quence of such measures of credit, may be involved the pre-
sent and future generations, if by accident or 'misfortune
those measures should not be successful. He says he would
give leave for a loan, and be is fully cognizant of the
difficulties of the actual crisis, and states that he would
not be less liberal than was the Estamento towards his Mi-
nistry in far different circumstances, when it granted the
loan of 400,000,000. Is, that not an operation of credit ?

Would not the nation be involved in it in proportion to
the greater sagacity or ability of the Minister contracting
that loan ? And on what conditions could it be contracted ?
Suppose that an operation of credit be contemplated by the
Government in conformity with the 3d article of the pro-
ject of law, would the nation be more implicated by such
operations when carried into effect by the knowledge and
experience of the actual Minister of Finance, than by the
operations which might be required for the loan of
600,000,000 proffered by Senor Martinez de la Rosa? Cer-
tainly not ; and such I am persuaded is also his own opi-
nion, as far as I could collect-it from his ingenious dis-
course. The only difference between what he has' thus
proffered to the Government, and the interpretation which
he wishes to give to the 3d clause of the project, is, that
he desires the Government to begin by causing the ruin
of all the friends of the Government, and their con-
nexions, who may be interested in its public funds, and
that from the fall which this very ruin would cause in the
Spanish credit, would spring doubts as to the possibility of
realizing that sum, and those doubts would have more or
less influence among those who are united in the defence of
the throne of Isabel 11., the symbol of the freedom of the
country. The debility which in consequence of those doubts
would prevail more or less among the defenders of our cause,
would augment the difficulties of, realizing that sum, which
might become necessary iu part or not at all, according to the
greater and less support that the Procuradores might in
their conscience think' they ought to give to the Govern-
ment. But the Government again declares that it enter-
tains no doubt of that confidence being given, since it, has
already been manifested in the most striking manner in
favour of the present Secretaries of State, for ivhish they
feel highly grateful. Those are not the only evils that
would arise from the declaration which Senor Martinez de
la Rosa seeks to wrest from the Government, and which
the Government will not give, because it is persuaded that
it is not necessary for the conclusion of the civil war ; but
moreover, such a declaration would be the same as to
abandon our cause to our enemies by yielding to" them, or
by appealing•tolitidiate us from such slavery to another
evil, which in the eyes of the' Secretaries of State is not
less grievous—that is, foreign intervention, for sad is the
fate of the nation which seeks to conquer its liberty at such
a price. The conquest would not then be liberty, it would
be slavery and ignominy. The actual Ministers have, since
they took office, declared that with resources purely national
could the nation be free, and by them alone consolidate its
prosperity and welfare ; they are every day, and more and
more, convinced of that truth, and every day it becomes
more and more easy to solve the third problem, if they be
so fortunate as to be able to continue approaching the goal,
and meriting the universal sympathy with which they have
been honoured since the openinc, of the session.
Senor Carrasco considered that from the present question
hung the salvation or misery of Spain, for if the project of
law was rejected, the result would be that the Estamento
should he dissolved, or the Ministry should resign, and who
would take office ? Either the friends of the present Mi-
nisters or those of Senor Martinez de la Rosa ; the former
could not; for their system was that of the actual Ministers ;
and could the friends of Senor Martinez de la Rosa take it
after they twice saw their system reprobated, and liberty
neerly perished at their hands. •
