AT a•PUBLIC MEETING of the MEM-
BERS and SUPPORTERS of the SURREY
ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY, held at the Spread Eagle
.Inn, at Epsom, on Thurday, the 2Gth day of November,
1829, to take into consideration a Petition to both Houst
of Parliament against Slavery in the British Colonie:,
JOSEPH WILSON, Esq. in the Chair,
,The following Resolutions were, on the motion of henry
'C''°3@es Esq. a Magistrate of the County, seconded by Henry
Pownall, Esq. unanimously adopted, viz. :-
1. That natural-born British subjects are such as are
born within the dominions of the Crown of England
(Blackstone, b. 1, c. 10.); and that " the three great
and :primary rights of every Englishman are, personal se-
curity personal liberty, and private property." (Blackstone,
b. 1, e. 10.)

2. That the present Lard Chief Justice of the Common
Pleas, in the Debate in the House of Commons en the
Catholic Question, in 16•23, is represented to have as-
serted, as an unquestioned 'anal unquestionable legal and
constitutional principle, that " every subject of the State
411 a right to life and liberty ; and that the Government
that
would invade those rights would not onl 5 • %•• l• a, • all
,to
41i's but would be acting on a prhiciple whose operation
11111 At destroy that Government itself."
That Judge Blackstone, in the introducticn to his
COmmentaries, which embody the legal and constitutional
bpinions of all the great Lawyers of past times, has de-
clared, in terms not less unequivocal, " That those rights
which God and Nature ho.vetstablished, and are therefore
Pdiedostural rights, such as are life and liberty, need not
the aid of human laws to be more effectually vested in every
./I.a.n. than they are; neither do they receive any additional
strength,... when declared by the municipal laws to be in_
Lte ; on the contrary, no human legislature,ha§ power
,Idge or destroy them, unless the owner shall hinlseif
"maiit some act that amounts to a forfeiture."
That the Legislature of-this country never possessed
Z7.4litil or constitutional competence to enact, and, in
F°ll4 of fret, never has enacted, any law declaring that
;
Ll.l°Cent British-born subjects, of any description, shad
'converted into slaves for the benefit of other British
abbieets.

5. That the rights of a British subject depend not upon
the colour of lds skin ; but that the darkest coloured of
his Majesty's subjects, horn in the British Colonies, when
arrived at .non's estate, if possessed of the reqnis;te landed
(J2Slifications, is as eligible to a sett in Parliament as any
Member of the House of Commons.
6..• That innocent and unfortunate Englishmen, under
the
th_,"PProhrious designation of slaves, are, notwithstanding
r rights as British-bona sub3ects, illegally and un-
tritotionally held in a state of slavery, in our West
an 'lonies, by thousands and hundreds of thousands.
That a system; like this, originating in the most
.-Prlocipled avarice, and carried on under every aggrava-
tion of the most revolting cruelty—a system which, while
exhausts with unrelenting severity the corporeal strength,
stutliotuily perpetuates the mental degradation of its vie-
U,41,5---might well excite our disgust and abhorrence, es en
Zuomded upon any specific legal enactments : but when
: 161, as has been repeatedly shown, that it is opposed
iftevtierY principle of that Constitution of which we are so
Proud, it excites co less our amazement than our
-4.114° that its existence can have been so long endured by
the Government of a Christian State.
Iles--°!ea
'
u That the Committee of this Society be re-
quested to prepare Petitions to both Houses of Parliament,
12re'sed in the terms of the above Resolutions, and pray-
'ists That the Duties on the East and West India
'uatar tray be equalized ; 2d, That a law may be imme-
folr—slY passed, awarding a severe and adequate punishment
Persons who British henceforward he guilty of the
e-1° of converting-born children, of whatever
colour, into slaves ; and :Id, That such tither effectual
measures mav he adopted, without loss of time, as shall be
eeeesvervlarY, to put an end to such a monstrous violation of
AiPrilloiple of justice and humanity.
Esrea by Dr. Edwards, seconded by E. Carrington,
That Oa
Otw • Thanks of this Meeting be given to Robert
es ay
4ye, tsq., for his exertions in Parliament last
11 • • Put an end to the practice of enslaving infant
ntish subjects born in the Colonies of England.
On the motion of the Rev. J. Darby, seconded by H.
Lun, Esq.,
That the Thanks of this Meeting be given to the Chair-
illsos fortis ableand impartial conduct in the Chair this day.
is,On the motion of W. Everest, seconded by James Bell,
-That the Resolutions adopted at this Meeting be ad-
vertised in such Newspapers as the Committee may direct ;
"4(1 that proper means be taken fur obtaining signatures
1° She Petitions.

eth'itt's cEmENT FOR STOPPING DECAYED

TEETH.
MIL 'T. CLARK (formerly with Mr. Cart-
'fright) effectually tures Toothache and Tender
41,412fith his Cement. Every branch of the profession
p Zentilically executed in the modern and much im-
ra-- ltyle, an the lowest possible charges.
38, Keppel-street, Russell-square.
