H 0
Mr. H, "j '3E OF CO MON S.
ll° I°N JOLLIFFE took the oaths and his seat
or .etersfield,
Nlh. s,rh 'a tbe place of Mr. Shaw Lefevre.
Cottnit "ICKLAND brought up the report of the
Ito d tee an the Yolk and Scarborough (re-committed)
mt. Rill,nmendments read a second time.
Cmmi ILSON PATTEN brought up the report of the
t'aß,a ot"
n'n the Wendover Road Bill.—Amendments
\ele.eitd timelnittse .
o
'4iRAFIANI brotieht up the report of the Corn-
'NH nnittle Congleton Gas Bill.—Amendments real a
SANr)
of -ON said he had to present a petition on a
et the „, nlach importance to the commercial interests
arenhcia-al'trY, from the Alerchants of Liverpool. In
Phe 81,04 with the ob'ecti Which lisd been made on
Jeet oh
Presenting peti, ions, he should no, detain the
fo,
° any prefatory remarks, but he could
not per-
te h'elf to
present the petition without snaking the
The VIY acquainted with its contents. fiilletel.'Ale Lord then read the petition, which was as
.„01
Petitio
Of tiv,, nof the undersigned Merchants and Shipowners
n'rPool trading to Bristol, and Members of the As.so-
tooe'iatc:f British Merchants denominated the Brazilian
11, ThatM of Liverpool,' humbly showeth,
epee 1,, Your petitioners carry on a very extensive com-
Lh3ited k'i-n0,....,130rmazil in the produce and manufactures of the
,7 fro,
,'„(1 and are suffering great
.inconvenience and
thoir .0 di
fficuitY of obtaining a medium of return
ati4g
thmerchandise and a back loading for their shipping,
hr°l, the operation of the present state of the law,
Ait co. thp ;
- zoposition of excessive duties on the importation
tzkvi MPtion or manufacture of the chief products of Bra-
ttatitfti'''gar, Coffee cocoa, and rum, prohibits their irn-
) except to a 'very ited exten'ttransitu," and hieesnlY for consumption the articles of cotton, tobacco,
41'it o,'Z.t,.t.he. trade with Brazil has now become one of the
"es the 7. branches of our foreign commerce, and de_ rexto;sl eclat protection and encouragement of the State.
t'zili'lei,io,4,,etuantoiif,:3raintinsuhailnlyanufactures and produce to that em.
to the value of upwards of three
erling, which manufactures and produce are adit-
,i thato'o'ena,nd on the most favoured terms, for consump To n
clotheilY, and with which its people are almost exclu.
Th f
al,sl''"-ahla,f':traztlf not possessing any extent of Shipping,
Istetclu Ures and produce are carried out to that country,
vely, in British Vessels.
Brazil affords ample means of payment for this
h' in her many and rich productions, and of
oriNtl,
P ock to this kingdom an immense tonnage of
tor Netio
a' P/3, but that none of these articles are admissible,
li,et"Pt the
irb„ef°re-Mentioned articles of Cottonin , Tobacco, and.
;,Whole,form but a very small portion of the value of
*42. That
ts. 4 In consequence of these prohibitory
.laws,
other
ahiw.°.raillions of British capital is forced into o
tr,,PNOgia,R.,Vlng employment and encouragement to foreign.
tv!614,, ',Manufactures paying to foreign European States
she°44lfissions, and' charges, to the great loss of the
"ii Of iirlwoer and Merchant, as also to the general inte-
tha,l6. That commerce, commerce, manufactures, and revenue.
lc,: it is within the knowledge of your petitioners,
4; 4, viz "'l3ortant branch of the manufacture of this king-phis
that of sugar refining, has, for some time past,
„4. Partially and unprofitably employed, and ica.
ti;4'ity e'MPeting with foreign manufacture, owing ton the ateu
' high
. price of the raw material, even with
Po belie°tet, age of the bounty of Ss. per cwt., which your pe-
tlat•
that 101 l eto be paid out of the revenue on the ex_
o ,lo f refilled colonial sugars from this countrytolhy .•
akir7f of the injurious effect and extent of this Too-
b°rov"igh bounty to the revenue, to the commerce, and
71°,'4t, of the people of this kingdom, your petitioners
by:th'eagatj'laess's that, although the price of British planta_
been, on an average of the past year, as shown
ship °gar, , about 2Ss ficl. per cwt., the price of the re_
tore
4l 44,14, 'ailed ordinary lumps, delivered free on board
i~glva, elulYding several charges, besides that of manuf ac -
tion deluding
255. to 275. per cwt. ; the drawback on exd.
beerrcltn,eig 365. loch per cwt., and that double refine
titt:44„7'ats, having a drawback of 435. 3d per cwt., have
tact' thli;e selling, also free on board at 295. to 30s. per
to the foreign consumer this impor_
4.rito."Wt ; the manufactured state, at from Is. to
Ti.„ .0141 • lest than the cost of the raw material, the whole ex-
foraollfact . of price being paid by the
ry tire and difference
Of th the benefit of the foreign consumer, and to the
~ale of Brazil sugar in foreign markets.
-
444114,
a°4 b effect of this bounty on the exportation of re-
4/ of is not only a direct annual loos to the
tines d rect tax
,h, f.t.,„f,r°M 300,000/. to 400,000!., but a
`getit;'''e to the extent of one to two miln.lioinns indirect tax
tOci„ttioo to to to the consumer in this conntry is enhanced .
the bounty paid on exportation to the foreign
theLk,l further tends materially to lessen the con-
to:, -.Pet, -.thereby, 'also the revenue and the comforts of
Bitt ' That
deneeitt m@ of
Petitioners sincerely lament the distress said
tiog th4itl t'oisolthe West India Colonies, but, from the evi.
44at el4st Sege a Committee of your Honourable House, du_
11411'1'4N Pi°o of Parliament, they cannot but attribute' a
and th°i their distress to the general management of their
fto„ ' Thot. ernbarrassment of the planters.
ktot.ll9se col is.not the desire of your petitioners to. .w.imthdarsawa
t°ch British
that protection which they may claim
ernpire but your petitioners humbly submit
:thit,slthll,ave tit,aCa`iier,etion ou
gh; not to exceed that afforded to the
'Manufacturing interest of the mother country,
oijor,:t ° oounty on the exportation of their products,.
tei;,,,be °P°IY of the home trade, nor should so serious an
141,7; ton,;eed on other rising and important branches of
ID eh 1 „-,er.ec, for the supposed benefit of any particular,
Ofthe, ice, for
interests.
t4ktsori.hcOole ti‘ tahrei.
_N.Ves t India. colonies have, besides a monopoly
41,e nisi, ,et, the choice of all the European and North
4ticl,'ehas °f their
for the sale of their productions, as, also, for
their supplies taking from this country those
oritah best suit the:r convenience.
Wesi-,,the whole population, including slaves, of the
li'llt'a:kl'eath,,t.Th(lei,coloniesdoes not. greatly exceed a million
stuo„,, .Portation of British manufactures for the
tilt me of f "'mil of those colonies amounts only to the an_
thro?hil.t Mtnne million and a half to two millions stet_
eXPOrts to Brazil, as already stated, exceed
iti'oetli'to 'ago, ''°`l to 'Manilla Java Sincapore, and the Indian
rot th; traill4cl other Countries ,°
similar Prod.oc-
cotl'ol'l4Mpatbio°„U_t2ro millions,' with a population and held
ki„trio, at the 7of our manufactures of incalculable extent.
klitus .‘thole amount of the products of these rich
alel, -s'hle for the use and consumption of. t.his
chath'.ll:hteid;:it exceed the annual value of one million
ly testy, of about four millions, being thus forced,io.n
te`tltlrictive laws of this country, into foreign
the • la 'Pit' toa4e employment and encouragement of foreign
th llooi; at th„afacture.
at , having experienced
hW collo, Of th. tench Government,
and •siitY), haves restrictive system (also long enforced in
'-'Oll, laid before the Chambers a project of
r -Os 001121t•the exportation of colonial sugar ;
all,that sties a %lo
to ieshon
fa4tiole Oct
also e r ement of the French
3it ender France the emg porium of Europe for
'it cou„ 7 Proposes to admit for their use the growth of
',hat ..,,`ries Without distinction.
4141 el, 1'
the restrictive laws of this kingdom are longer
th „by is oh.ll be greatly
ls °nu, Jeet of the French Government wilt . capital.
'Onittotls'ktitlett;,,itsis the confident belief
.of your:petitioners, that if
,‘:1(1in °the °fL'razil and the Indian Archipelago were. aadt
nt, 44, 4Se arid consumption of this country, on termß
ft i',oei„:°able protection to similar productions of the ri-
'irlYk,'Oti kiditional employment would be given to from
aalilkito„,..4hdrect thousand tons of British shipping, and this
c-,'Me the emporium of Europe for those productions,
the ,-,7Pital is now the means by which they are sent to
''teo'te'n,:'-1 that it would, also, afford incalculable scope for
thl°„rt.°l the industry, manufactures, commerce, and re.
Ur; `oiir 'iogdorn
ih Petit- •
f-th sty, toners, therefore, most humbly and earnestly
,t4,11:14 ea ;4' honourable House will take this their petition
;°,44);theo.,rl,,and serious consideration, with the view of at.-
lho'4ofloo' "tat relief and protection which, in your wisdom,
a':',l_4lit,!'°ll;:.,,bl Reuse shall see fit, and thereby add strength
dog eXtension to the commercial, manufacturing,
„clt \;,orpf",,.tetests, as well as additional means of happi-
;,'
415. to the people of this great empire."
'hliest,,%ltet',,,"Jee which d served the serious attention
he*f'a hli ::tneat. Indeed he had no doubt that his
tt',,al'ed4-},ter't were already convinced of its necess.ity,
e°,,l,tettt ttst-„,", they hail not yet made up their minds
t>o4 as other subjects with which it was
f overt,tn Ws ti
the question of negro slavery. He
thisettt ei,r, forbear urging on the attention of the
'nal" Mea (ON iMportance of an early consideration
uotatrtiUrktutt:,by'T.` With the view of devising
nt ttt leh such an important portion of the
the Tt this
a,; e 4vih. country might be placed on a proper.
n't. 'alit 47, tecording to the arrangements made in
'th 4'41 ei the hie't, strictly confined himself to the alle-
e at!itisdhe"ltion, be would conclude by adding that
\btrade. everY person in Liverpool connected with
Ltere,e sAJ,,
the tr)
said
the C 041,1 to
this was a subject of the deepest
Pre
""
ert,
Pio 44j 04 of n't •
nUents It was one which involved
would
/tnehe an extension of our foreign trade, and
1,11,. the peti.°:f British capital. It was se fully
Lorded tt Lorded he great, ‘'n that the amount of our foreign trade
titst h "stencled if proper protection fMee. Ile e would
Wh• Wo, not dwell at any length uponp thit
saiiee4._lo had Nrry that the extent ot the experi-
a hr, h 'seen
hitt, 14 of 4ti hne h mulcted under the auspices of the
hear, f een such as to liberate so important
taking °and i "reign er
Cteonu,ntitngrg:twheaoautuircie:4,ett.ili:t.,:eviv:
Fite,olechfrocti,:vt,lrtenunfe,tntetrowwerlencohrehadacyt
Id have the effect of greatly ex-
-144 be nlg and he trusted that this
healed them, but that his Majes-
