THE OCTOBER NUMBER OF
COLBURN'S NEW MONTHLY
MAGAZINE AND HUMOURIST,
EDITED BY THEODORE HOOK, Esq.,
Contains :

The Gurney Papers.
Editor.
Algiers in the Spring of 1837.
Personal Narrative of Tristram
Dumps.
Shakspeare's Historical Plays.
By the Right Hon. T. P.
Courtenay.
The Manager's Note Book—
Madame Mara.
The Rocking Horse. By Dou-
glas Jerrold, Esq.
The Quarrel.
Henry Colburn, Publisher, 1

By the

Gallic Antiquities--the King of
Yvetot.
Ortolans and Champagne.
The Story of Mary Ancel.
The Irish Quaker. By Benson
Hill, Esq.
Castles in the Air. By Miss
Twiss.
Some Account of a Stage Devil.
By 11. Brownrigg, Esq.
The Literary Conversazione,
&c. &c.

I, Great Marlborough-street,

This day was published, pri
MONTHLY
PR
The People's Charter.INCIPAL
Our Banking, Institutions.
The Byzantine Greeks.
Portraits of remarkable
Frenchmen—Al. Dupin.
Lendsn Lonna:

e 25. dd., No. VIII. of the

CHRONICLE.
ARTICLES.
Notes by. a Lover of Books.
More 'Virtues of Brevity.
The Painters' Engraving.
Review of Literature.

&c. &c.
Ln, Orme, and Co.

The publication of Tax Sim NEWSPAPER commenced this day
at 10 minutes past Three o' Clock.

WITH NYUICH
THE " TRUE SUN " IS NOW

INCORPORATED.

LONDON:
SATURDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER 2Q, 1838.

No class of men are more inclined to disturb the
public peace, or set at defiance Acts of Parliament
unsuitable to their taste, than those who profess to be
the only truly loyal and religious portion of the com-
munity. The old bigoted Tories have within the last
twelve months given many proofs of this mischievous
and disloyal principle, they have made every exertion
to excite the people against the law, and had recourse
to the most violent language and the most insolent
denunciations, not against the Government; only, but
also against the Legislature, with the laudable view of
attracting notoriety by a prosecution on the part of the
Law Officers of the Crown. The Bishop of EXETER
openly announced his intention of asserting his spiri-
tual supremacy over Acts decreed by the three Estates
of the realm. The Tory OASTLER and the Rev. Mr.
STEPHENS follow the example of the pious Bishop,
and one of them at least calls upon the people to
provide themselves with fire-arms to resist the law,
yet all in vain—no prosecution follows—their mighty
words fall dead-born on the multitude, and they are
left as much unmolested as if there was no such per-
sonage as Attorney-General. This is a sad infliction
•on these vain demagogues, but it is a great blessing
to the community at large, and a vast improvement on
the absolute Tory system of lifting every empty-
headed brawler into notice, by subjecting him to a
public prosecution. We have not often reason to
praise the Government, but for this they deserve all
praise. The true mode of treating religious fanatics
was, after many years of persecution, found to be to-
leration ; xid the MELBOURNE Ministry have the
merit of applying the same principle, and with com•
plete success, to the cure of political fanatics. We
are not aware that the present Attorney-General has
instituted one prosecution for libels, spoken or
printed. Had he followed the example of
Attorney-General SCARLETT, in all probability
OASTLER and FEARGUS O'CONNOR would by this
time have been elected Members of Parliament, or, at
all events, would have received for their martyrdom
ample public subscriptions, which possibly they would
rather prefer. HUNT and COBBETT became the idols
of the people because they were the victims of the
Tory Government. Sir JOHN HOBHOUSE owes his
seat in Parliament, and also his scat in the Cabinet, to
incarceration in Newgate ; and had his patron, Sir
FRANCIS BURDETT, been subjected to proper treat-
ment for his disease, he would in two years have be-
come what he now is, a quiet inoffensive twaddler,
forgotten by the public,
and alike respected by his
s and Tories. We regard
friends and foes—the Whig
this change as an important feature in the system of
Government, and confidently trust that the Attorney-
no other punishment to the Bishop
General will apply
of EXETER and his more warlike imitators.

We have much pleasure in referring our readers to
the report of a meeting held on Monday last, at New-
castle, on the subject of steamboat accidents, which
appears in another part of The Sun. The imme-
diate cause of the meeting was the loss of the Forfar-
shire, and its object was to devise means for preventing
similar calamities in future. The public owe a debt
of gratitude to the gentlemen of Newcastle, for the
promptitude with which they have taken up a question
in which the safety of that large portion of the com-
munity who avail themselves of the advantages of
steam-boat conveyance, is so deeply
involved. But

Newcastle will not be the only town in which measures
will be adopted to procure for steam-boat travellers
that protection to which they are entitled. We trust
that many other towns will follow the excellent example
which it has had the honour to set in the cause of
humanity.

The first resolution passed at this most respectable
meeting was moved by Mr. Alderman RIDLEY, and
is expressed in the following words :—" That this
meeting sincerely accords with the general feeling
of sorrow for the serious loss of life occasioned
by the wreck of the Forfarshire steam-vessel
on the coast of Northumberland, and entertains
a fear that it was in some measure to be attributed to
some fault or deficiency in the machinery or the vessel."
The only fault we have to find with this resolution is
the excessive meekness of the latter part of it. The
meeting, instead of saying that they " entertain a fear"
that the loss of the Forfizi shire was in some measure
to be attributed to some fault or deficiency in the ma-
chinery or vessel," ought to have stated boldly that
which every one present must have felt, namely, that
there was the clearest evidence that the appalling loss
of life by the wreck of this vessel, was owing to faults
and deficiencies both in the machinery and in the ves-
sel. Can there be a doubt that the leaking of the
boilers was the cause of the putting out the fires un-
der them ? Why, it was given in evidence by one of
the eng,iile-men before the inquest, that such was the
fact, and that in the engine-room the water was nearly
knee deep, and so hot that he could no longer stand
in it. And the gravamen of the charge against the
proprietors is the damning fact, that they were cogni-
zant of the defectire state of the machinery, and yet
kept this unseaworthy steamer running along a dan-
gerous coast, seemingly regardless of any other object
than that of filling their pockets. What did it signify
to them whether two or three score of pasF;engers lost
their lives or not ? They were secure against all loss—
their vessel was insured—they were involved in no re-
sponsibility.

Whether or not the folfiffshire was in a seaworthy
state in other respects, is a question which, we think,
admits of nearly as little doubt as that her machinery
was unserviceable. 1-Ild this steamer been equipped
in the way that those steamers are, or ought to be,
which have to navigate boisterous seas, particularly
along a coast not abounding over much in harbours,.
she would, by aid of her canvas, after her paddles had
become useless, have, in ail probability, escaped her
lamentable fate. Surely, with the wind at N.N.E., it
ought to have been no very difficult matter for any ves-
sel that could show canvas, to have cleared the land in

a southerly direction ; vet we find that when it was
attempted to hoist her sails, she fell to leeward like a
log, and was totally unmanageable.
We have not yet done with this subject, but we
must stop here to-day.

In the number of the Monthly Chronicle just pub-
lished, there is an admirable article on the " People's
Charter," in which the present favourite ultra-Radical
crochet of Universal Suffrage meets with all the at-
tention—and no more—that it deserves. Justly is it
there said, " it cannot be denied that the immediate
effect of these meetings is favourable to the Conser-
vatives, and not only to the party of the Conservatives,
but to the spirit of Conservatism ; for the true Radi-
cals would, we apprehend, sooner be Conservatives than
Destructives." This is precisely the language we held
ourselves, when commenting on the late " demonstra-
tions" at Manchester and Liverpool, which, we are more
than ever persuaded, will have no other effect than that
of cheering the flagging spirits of rank, incorrigible
Toryism. Let but the Universal Suffrage men perse-
vere in their system of premature agitation, and they
will raise a crop of Colonel SIBTHOItPES throughout
the country, whose inveterate hostility, they them-
selves will be the first to feel. Is it by alarming
the holders of property ; by separating them-
selves from the influential middle classes ; by fill-
ing the minds of all prudent Reformers with
' distrust; by setting at naught the sound dictates
of intelligence and propriety : by holding out indirect
threats of an appeal to physical force, and throwing
ridicule on the very name of Reform itself—is it by
means like these that the Universal Suffrage men hope
to attain their ends ? Infatuated zealots ! Every
step they make in the path of agitation ; only carries
them further from the goal. Theirs is not a forward,
but a backward movement. They fancy them-
selves strutting in the van, when, in fact, they
are lagging in the rear of true Reform. They
are not pioneers, but deserters, from the camp
of freedom. As for the patriotism to which
their O'CONNORS, their VINCENTS, and the rest of
their leaders lay claim in such sounding terms, never
was panegyric so ridiculously misapplied ! The true
patriot endeavours to make the different classes of
society act in harmony with each other, so as to pro-
duce a healthy and enlightened movement of the
whole, instead of sowing the seeds of distrust and
alarm between them. He works, not in a sectarian,
but in a Catholic, spirit—by conciliation, not by
repulsion. But your Universal Suffrage-man—that
worst of political suicides ! —would array every class of
society against him. He would bid Whig and Tory,
Churchman and Dissenter, Conservative and Liberal,
forego their differences, and combine together for pro-
tection against him. And these are the means by
which he would hope to achieve the darling object of
his ambition—just as if to accumulate obstacles
in his path, were the readiest mode to facilitate
his progress ! We are not here arguing against the
' principle of Universal Suffrage, but only against the
period chosen for its agitation. In the existing state
of society, there is no denying the fact, that it is but a
synonym for Universal Confusion. A system of na-
tional education must precede it. The masses must be
soundly, not superfically, instructed, before they can be
allowed the exercise of' the Suffrage ; for what security
can we have for good Government, when ignorance,
and its inseparable companion bigotry, are invested
with a share in the legislation ?

Papers e have
tothreecevsitchd, byii w.iany of Liverpool,
clusive.iiereNwwe,as ork
then
very little stirring in the corAmercial world ; nor did
the political atmosphere differ much in temperature
from the date of the last arrivals. The following
Treasury Circular was regarded as an indiction of
the removal of those financial difficulties which had
previously given a shock to the Executive :
OFFICIAL—TREASURY NOTES.
Treaury Departmen, The whole amount of Treasury notes authoritzedept DOLLARS.B by the act of October 12, 1837, having been
issued—viz ................... 10
And there having been redeemed of them about 7, 5
The new emissions made in puce of those 7'350,000
000,000 00
under the act of May 12, 1828, have been... 5,547,310 01
There have been redeemed of these last about 100,000 01

This leaves a balance of all outstanding equal
only to about
8,097,310 00
LE VI WOODBURY, Secretary to the Treasury.
Treasury Department, Sept. 1, 1838.
Notice is hereby given, that the outstanding Treasury notes
issued in pursuance of the acts of Congress of the 12th of
Octobar, 1837, and the act additional thereto, will be paid
agreeably to their tenour, upon presentment at the Treasury
of the United States whenever they fall duo.
Each parcel of notes off,:red for paymentshould te accom-
panied by a schedule, showing the dates and sutra of the
several notes, with the rate of interest thereon.
Holders of Treasury notes, to whom it may be more conve-
nient to have the amount due upon the same made available
at either of the ports of entry or land-ofliceß arc informed that
oil collect-ors and recovers of the pul,lie mou,y gill c, ntinue
to receive them, rod allow the Frineipal and interest due ti ereon
in and customs.
to use
use the notes in payments to the
Thoseny m e
whont for
may lands
ynt

United States, nor find it convenient to take the amount due
on them at the Treasury, will be accommodated with draughts
therefor, payable at their places cf residence, whenever it is
found to be practicable.
LEVI WOODBURY, Secretary to the Treasury.

There is no recent news from South America in
these Journals, and only vague and uni►nportant
rumours from the Canadas. Several influential
merchants in New York have formed themselves into
a society for conducting an inquiry into the extent of
the loss sustained by the blockade of Mexico by
France, and to insist upon receiving from the French
Government ample compensation. What will Louis
PHILIPPE say to this practical way of interpreting
the text of GROTIUS and PUFFENDORFI, ?

The following extract from a letter from Barbadoes,
copied from the New York Journal of Commerce,
will be read with deep interest by the slavery aboli-
tionists. The truly gratifying fact stated in it has
been already communicated to the public, but as its
correctness has been questioned, we are delighted to
receive such a confirmation of intelligence so welcome
to the people of England :
BARTIADGES, AUG. 2. 1838.—Yesterday's sun rose upon
eight hunired thousand freemen, on whom and their ancestors
It
wthe
abasdogl
eemonf, ldeal‘i. 0,7 rhyt
cluiel.,dmrftt end, e
mfoorr
atbwioe tayn drie
look
ear
it
as a matter of excaeding thankfulness, that I have been per-
mitted to be a witness to it, and to be able to speak, from
experience and from observation, of the happiness to which
that day has given birth. The day had previously be,,,
set apart by proclamation of the Governor " as a day
of devout thanksgiving and praise to Almighty Gad
for the happy termination of slavery." The thanks-
giving and praise, were most truly sincere, heart-
felt, and general. It was an emancipation, not merely
of the slave, but of the proprietor. It was felt as such
__openly acknowledged and rejoiced in as such. Never
have I witnessed more apparently unfeigned expressions of
satisfaction than were male on that day by the former owners
of slaves, at the bad of which they have been relieved.
The spirit that seemed to fill the entire population was emi-
nently th spirit of peace, good will, thankfulness, and of joy too
deep, too solemn, to allow of any loud or noisy demonstation
of it. Of course all stores, shops and offices of every kind
were closed. Sc also, were all Places of amusement. No
sound of revelry, no evidences of nightly excess were to be
heard or seen. Ido not say too much when I assert that the
reign of orCer, peace, and sobriety was complete.
The close of the day was not less auspicious than its com-
mencement, and nowhere could aught he seen to mar the de-
cent and truly impressive solemity of the day. There were
no dances, no merry-making of any sort ; not a solitary
drunkard, not a gun fired, nor even was a shout heard to wel-
come in the newborn liberty. The only groups we saw, were
going to or returning from the different chapels and churches,
except in a few instances, where families might be seen read-
ing or singing hymns at their own dwellings.
P. S. August Dth—All is quiet and the utmost good order
every where prevails.
The following letter from our New York Corres-
pondent will be found to include a summary of all the
news received relative to the State of Trade and the
Money Market :
(FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT, xmettoitoecneo.
Now YORK, SEPT. 7, 1838.—Since my last there has
been several European arrival!, including the packet ship
South America, which bring us Liverpool dates to the 4th, and
London to the 2d ult.

The intelligence is looked upon as generally favourable to
commercial matters, but has not had any essential effect upon
the market, excepting in Cotton, which has rather improved.
The business of the city has been very active, much more so
than at the date of my last letter, and European dry goods
are selling at good prices, and as readily as can be desired.
Respecting the increase of duties of certain descriptions of
imports, mentioned in my last letter, or last but ono, it now
appears that our Collector has not had the authority
for the enforcement of the exactions before stated, as the
following article respecting the recent Custom-house move-
ment will show

NEW CIRCULAR AS TO THE TARIFF.—We are sorry to blow
out a fine-spun theory of the Opposition by a few facts, but
duty requires it, however disagreeable the result may be t 3
croakers. By an article in the National Intelliyencer, pur-
porting to be extracted from the New York American, it is
suggested that " the Treasury is sadly pushed for money ;"
that "the head of the Treasury" has, therefore, by his ipse
dixit, altered the Tariff, so as to lay an increased tax on tho
merchants of some "three or four hundred thousand dollars ;"
and that " the Secretary of the Treasury had arrived at the
conclusion" that this course was right, &c.
We have made inquiry at the proper place, and find that the
Secretary of the Treasury has issued no such circular or regu-
lation whatever on the subject of the Tariff, nor has he pro-
posed to issue any, and that he has not directed the Comptrol-
ler to issue any new one. The naked truth is, that the Comp-
troller, who is ex officio Commissioner of the Customs, has
on his own promptings been examining the subject of the con-
flicting usages at different ports in assessing duties on certain
articles, and has proposed to issue a circular concerning them,
after full consideration and advice ; but neither the design or
effect of it will be to alter the Tariff, or to materially vary the
construction of it which has generally prevailed. It will, how-
ever, when issued, preserve uniformity, it is hoped, and pre-
vent irregularities. This law.!able object is the source of all
the recent wanton abuse of the Treasury department, on the
subject of the Tariff, by the virulent Opposition Press.

The Cotton Market is rather active. The transactions
during the week are estimated at 2,200 bales, and include
Uplands at 81 and 131 ; Tennessees and Alabamas 84 to
10} cents. ; fine Mobiles, Louisianas, 12i to 144 cents.
per lb.
The Flour Market has also improved, and Western has
advanced, 25 to 37i cents. per barrel since my last. In
Southern not quite so much advance, but rather an improve-
ment. Wheat:—Southern may be noted at 1;50 to 1,60
dollars ; Foreign, 1,42 to 1,46 dollars for 60 lbs. Corn, 88
to 90 cents. for 561 b.

Exchange on Englani has been to a moderate extent, at
109 to 109} per cent.—principally at the latter rate. Bills in
France, 5,2.4 dollars.
STOCKS.-United States Bank Shares, yesterday, 12:1
dollars per share ; Farmer's Trust Company, 114 dollars ;
American Trust Company, 115 to 1151 dollars; Ohio Trust
Company, 103 i dullars.

We have received the whole of the Paris Journals of
Thursday. The Monileur contains the following.
telegraphic dispatch, which is no more than a confir-
tnation of the news published in the London Journals
of yesterday

" STRASBURG, SEPT. 26, HALF-PAST FOUR P.M.
THE FRENCH AMBASSADOR IN SWITZERLAND TO THE PRESI

DENT OF TUE COUNCIL OF MINISTERS.
4' LUCERNE.

" The President of the Diet has this moment sent me a
note saying that Louis Buonaparte, on the 20th of September,
addressed the Government of Thurgau, requesting him to
announce to the Directory that he was ready
to take his de-
parture as soon as that authority should have obtained from
the Ambassadors of foreign Powers passports for his proceed-
ing to a place where he can find a:secure asylum, In this letter
he speaks of his acquired rights, avoiding explanations on"
—( Interrupted by the night).
The following is a translation of the letter of Prince
Louts NAPOLEON, referred to in this dispatch :
" TO HIS EXCELLENCY THE LANDAMMANN ANDERWERT, PRE-
SIDENT OF THE MINOR COUNCIL OF THE CANTON OF TIII7R-
GOVIA.

INlOnteibellleo wl'aaandaardmreastisen:l—toNtN;i
submit to the requisitions of the French Government, for it
concerned me to prove, by a refusal to absent myself, that I
When n
Diet,the In note
ao
repugnance
etphueg
Ila Dukenee dt
to
had returned to Switzerland without breaking any engage-
ment, because I had the right to remain there, and because I
found in it assistance and protection.
" Switzerland has proved, during now a month, by her ener-
getic protestations, and by the decisions of the Great Coun-
cils which have up to this time been assembled, that she
was prepared to make every, the greatest, sacrifices to main-
tain her dignity and right. She has fulfilled her duty as Rn
independent nation. I shall do mine, and remain faithful to
the dictates of honour. I may be persecuted, but I shall ne-
ver be degraded.
The French Government having declared that the re-
fusal of the Diet to accede to her demand would be the signal
for a conflagration of which Switzerland might perhaps be
the victim, there remains nothing for me, therefore, but to
quit a country in which my presence is the object of such
unjust pretensions, and might be the pretext for great mis-
fortunes.

~ I pray you, then, M. le Landammann, to announce to the
Federal Directory, that I shall set out as soon as I can obtain
from the Ambassadors of the different Powers the passports
necessary for my journey to some place where I may find a
secure asylum.
4. In now quitting voluntarily the only country in Europe
where I bad found protection and support—in tearing myself
from a spot which had becrune so dear to me under so many
titles —I wish to prove to the Swiss people that I was worthy
of the marks of friendship, brotherhood, and affection which
they bestowed upon me. I shall never forget the noble conduct
e, without com-
promising the cantons that have so boldly pronounced in my favour ;
nia.stlitoannsi'vevhaobel ought to remain
and, in an especial manner, the. generous protection granted to
me by the Canton of Thurgovia will ever remain deeply en-
graven on my heart. I hope, however, that cur separation will
friends, to re-visit the asylum which twenty years' residence
and the rights
acquired
in it have made fur me a second native
not
b be
cte r
the ' interests rtehsatts oneof two nations
country.
44 Be, M. Le Landammann, the interpreter of my grateful
sentiments to the Councils, and do me the justice to believe
that in this, nay voluntary exile, the thought of averting
tr,uble from Switzerland alone can s)ften the regret I feel at
leav'no• it.
" Receive the expressions of my high esteem and of my
distinuislred sentirl: Alts.

"NAPOLEON LOUIS.
" Arenenberr, Sept. 22, 1839."
We are indebted to the Swiss and Paris correspon.

dente of the Times for the following intelligence re-
specting the effect of the PRINCE'S letter upon the
authorities of France and Switzerland respectively :

ZURICn, SEPT 24, Six o'CLocx.—l write you these few
few lines in great haste, to inform you that the Minor Coun-
cil of Zurich, having had communicated to it the letter of the
Prince, assembled at four o'clock this evening, and has una-
nimously resolved that, by reason of that letter of the Prince,
the meeting of the Grand Council to deliberate on the reply
to be given to the demand of the French Government (fixed
for the 25th inst. ) should not take place. A courier was in
consequence immediately despatched fur Lucerne to announce
to the Federal Directory the resolution so taken by the Go-
vernment of Zurich, and which thus renders the meetiag of
the Diet appointed for the Ist October improbable.
PARIS, SEPT. 27.—At eleven o'clock last night a courier
left the hotel of the President of the Council of Switzerland,
with despatches for the Duke de Montebello, commandin him
t 3 renew his demand that a decree of banishment be pro-
nounced by the Diet against Prince Louis Napoleon Bonaparte.
This resolve of the French Government is irrevocable.

Should the French Government really persist in
this insolent demand, the consequences may yet be
disastrous. But we cannot. pcnivade ourselves that
Louis PHILIPPE will so far forget the interests of
his family and of France as thus to persist in playing
the game of the great Northern Powers. This fact
is neither overlooked nor concealed by the Liberal
Press of France. The Commerce of Thursday has
the following significant observations upon the sub-
ject, which are responded to by most of the leading
Journals :

" Austria assists, indoler.tly fur the moment, is is true, but
in fact she does assist, the French Cabinet against Switzer.
land. Behold her motives:—

" Austria with pleasure sees France establishing a prece-
dent against herself, on the doctrine of the expulsion of
foreign refugees.
" Austria has nothing to lose, but much to gain, by enve-
noming the motives for animosity already entertained by SA it-
zerland against France. The present and future influence
of Austria in Switzerland cannot fail to be increased by this
contest.

" Austria perceives in the probable collision a mode by
which to arrive at the destruction of the detnocrwic institu-
tions of Switzerland.

" In Le, Austria wishes to demonstrate to every nation,
and to every people who placed hopes in ' the Government of
July' the sort of confidence that is to be placed in the protec-
tion of France."

Austria takes not half the delight in the conduct of
France that Russia enjoys from it. To the Emperor
NICHOLAS it affords as much real pleasure as would
a vote of the Chamber of Deputies recognising his
right to send every. Pole in the empire to the most
inhospitable reigion in Siberia.

It is stated in a letter from Bayonne of the 23d
inst., that the wound received by General ALAIX, in
his late engagement with the Carlist chief, GA liclA,
is mortal.

The following extracts, from the papers, are no
without interest :

The Sultan has forwarded a magnificent present for her
Majesty Qucen Victoria, composed of a necklace of diamonde,
rubies, and emeralds, of the value of upwards of 12,,000/:
The casket in which it is enclosed is closed by an enamelled
plate, on which is represented the cipher of the Sultan, the
whole surrounded by diamonds of great value.
Lord Palmerston has been decorated with the order of
Nichan

The Commerce asserts that a gross affront has been offered
to the French Embassy at St. Petersburgh by the Emperor
Nicholas, who has given the Ambassador notice to quit the
palace generally known as the Hotel de France, and in which,
from time immemorial, the representatives of France have
resided. The pretest on which this offensive step has been
taken is stated to be that the Emperor, who is said to possess
fifteen palaces unoccupied in the capital, requires the locality
in question for his archives. Count Mole, the Commerce
adds, has deeply felt the insult, and has resented it by giving
notice of quittal to the proprietor of the hotel which has
hitherto been hired in Paris by the French Government for
the accommodation of the Russian Ambassador.
A letter from Arenenberg, published in the Commerce,
contains the following :
" Prince Napoleon denies, in the most formal manner, the
repert, spread by the Ministerial Press of France, that he had
sought service in Russia. Never has he, nor any person in his
name, made, or even thought of making, such a petition. The
young Duke Maximilian of Leuchtenberg (son of Prince Eu-
gene Beauharnois), who was treated by the Emperor Nicholas
with singular kindness, wished, it is true, to do a service to his
cousin, and in his own name besought the Emperor not to
join the other Powers who persecute at this time the Prince.
The Moniteur Parisien and the Journal des Debats have
alone thought fit to envenom this proceeding, and cause it to
be considered as an attempt of Prince Napoleon to attach
himself to the military fortunes of Russia."
It seems that Don Carlos is exerting himself to the utmost
to obtain aid in money from the Northern Powers. Ile has
sent several agents into Germany, who have already obtained
pretty considerable sums, either as voluntary donations, or by
negociating bonds of the Pretender. Accordingly, ardent
hopes are entertained at Estella, and they firmly rely on the
speedy triumph of absolute monarchy, and the Inquisition.
We extract the following article from a Morning Journal :
We learn that the negociations which have been going on
for some years between France and Belgium have been brought
to a satisfactory conclusion. The new modifications in the Tariff
of Import Duties have been proposed and agreed to between the
two Gov't-laments. It is not intended, as was proposed two
years ago, to abolish the Import Duties on the line between
Belgium and France, to the detriment of both nations. The
question has been placed on a narrower basis, and is confined,
as we are told, to a revisal of the Tariff on the basis which
was laid before the Chamber of Representatives in its last
Session, and which was not accepted by it. It will be recol-
lected that at that time the Chamber gave to the Belgian Mi-
nistry authority to molify the duties by an ordinance, on con-
dition that the measure adopted should be subsequently sanc-
tioned by a vote of the legislature. The Cabinet of Brussels
has availed itself of this power, and it is said that M. Lehon
signed last week a new convention with the President of the
Council. On Saturday a gentleman belonging to the Lega-
tion set out to lay this convention before King Leopold for his
sanction. If it is approved, it will probably not satisfy all the
wants of the merchants and manufacturers, but will at least be
a first step towards a less rigorous system of prohibition than
that which has been so long persisted in.—Le Commerce.

FRENCH FUNDS. —PARIS, SEPTEMBER 27.
Five per Cents., 109 f. lt.c. 20c. 25c.
Four per Cents., 102 f. 25c.
three per Cents., 80f. 80c. 75c. 80c.
Bank Actions, 2,630 E
Itente s'e Naples, 100 E
Romar Five per Cents., 102 A 103,
Spanish Actives, 19,4
Spanish Passives, 4%.
Belgian Five per Cents., 104%.
Belgian Three per Cents., 73f. 90c.
Belgian Bank, 1,41t1f.
Haytian Loan, 365 f. 370!.
EXCHANOR ON LONDON.
One month, paper, 25f. 40c.; money, —f. —c
Three months, paper, —f. —c.; money, 2Sf. 35c.
LATEST PRICES.
Five per Cents. 109 f. 25c.
Three per Cents., 80f. 75c.
Bank Actions, 2,630 f.
Romans, 103.
Belgian Loan, 104%;.
Belgian Banli, 1,44. E
Spanish Actives, 19%.
Spanish Passives, 4%.
flaytian Loan, 370.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)

COVENT GARDEN MARKET.

All kinds of vegetables now in season were in very abundant
supply to-day, and there was a iittle improvement in trade.
Plants Is. to Is. Gd. per dozen ; Kidney Potatoes, per bushel,
2s. Gd. to 3s. ; Scotch Reds 2s. to 2s. Gd. ; Devons 3s. to
3s. Gd. ; Celery, per bundle, Is. to is. Gd. ; Onions, per
bushel, ss. to ss. 6d. ; Carrots, per dozon, 6s. to 7s. ; Bro-
coli, per bundle, 9d. to Is. ; Turnips, per dozen, 2s. 6d. to 3s. ;
Apples 23. 6d. to 4s. 6d. ; Raddisbes, per punnet, 4d. to 6'3

LLO YD'S SHIPPING.-(THIS Y.)

DEAL, SEPT. 28.—Wind E. S.E., fine.—Came down from
the River, and proceeded the Louisa Baillie, Moorsom, for
Demerara ; Louisa, Lewis, for Algoa Bay; and Roxburgh,
Page, for Baltimore.
PORTSMOUTH, SEPT. 28.—Wind E. S. E., light airs, fine.—
Arrived off port, the Fame, Iron, from Sierra Leone ; and
George and James, from Zante.
PLYMOUTH, SEP. 27.—Wind N.
FALMOUTH, SEPT. 27.—Wind N. to N.E., moderate
breezes and fine.—Arrived the Endeavour, Johns, Cadiz.

LIVERPOOL, SEPT. 28.—Wind variable and light.—Arrived
the Roscoe, Delanoe, from Mew York; Britannia, from
Trieste; Rodolph, from Palermo; Ida Maria, from Dantzic.
Arrived off port, the Asnock, from Benin. Sailed the
Hibernia, Cobb, for New York; Ellen German, Blundell, for
Leghorn; Jack Tar, M'Gregor, for Constantinople; Theron,
Burdes, for Malta; Joseph Winter, Hodson, fcr Mauritius;
Bahamian, Tivird, for Calcutta; Andre, for 03tend; Happy
Family, Keith, for Riga. _ _

STiNGATE CREEK, —SEPT. 28.—Arrived the Perseverance,
Murray, from Enos ; and Emily, Cromer), from Marseilles.
DOVER, SEPT. 28. Arrived the Liberty, from Riga.
COWES, SEPT. 29.—Arrived the Plato, from Batavia.
CHANNEL, SEPT. 28.—Arrived tbe Amax, from Rio Janeiro.
WEYMOUTH, SEPT. 28.—Arrived the Sappho, Bassett, from
Konigsburg.
SCILLY, SEPT. 26.—Arrived °tithe ReliEnce, Howell, from
Honduras.

CLYDE SEPT. 26.—Arrived the Ilabella, from Jamaica.

DUBLIN, SEPT. 27.—Arrived the Royal Adelaide (steamer
from London.

Coax, SEPT. 26.—Arrived the Maly, Carder, from
Gonaives ; and Alfred, Gimlet, from St. Petersburg.
SHIELDS, SEPT. 27. Arrived the Julia and Maria, from
Wolgast ; Frederick, House, from Pillau ; and George Can-
ning, Ruth, from Stettin.

HULL, SEPT. 28.—Arrived the Alexandria, Bolem, from
Gottenburgh ; Biene, Straws, from Memel ; Judith, Kelsey,
from St. Petersburg ; Swan, from Davis' Straits, 14 fish, 165
tons ; and Red Rover, Davis, from Hamburg.
HU3ll3Eit, SEPT. 28.—Arrived the City of Carlisle (steamer),
from Hamburg.

YARMOUTH RIADS, SEPT. 28.,Arrivad the Vigilante
Rantel, from Pillau ; John Peddez, from D.mtzie ; and E.
13rcs3, Bartels, from Konigsberg.
LOWESTOFFE, SEPT. 28.—Arrived Wilhelmina, Stralsund
ALnnonouon, SEPT. 28.--Arrived off, the Marida, Ben.
rendt, from Memel.

SWANSEA, SEPT. 27.—Arrived the Uranus, DreseLer,
from Valparaiso; and Belvidere, from ditto.
YARMOUTH, SEPT. 28.—The Progress, of Poole, ha3l Ut
into this port, with bows stove, Laving been in eattact vtith a
laden vessel.

NEW YORK, AUG. 29 —The Franklin, Stundivant, from
Liverpool to Boston, put into Portland 24th inst. in distress.
Sept. I.—The Mary, Taylor, from Philadelphia to Pernam-
buco, put back to Philadelphia, having sprung a leak 21st
ult., in the Gulf Stream.

The Helen, M'Leod, from Trinidad de Cubs; put into
Norfolk (A), in distress and leaky—bound to Genoa.

MONEY AND COMMERCIAL NEWS

CITY ( 7111 S DAY), 7'IVELVE(}'CLUCK.

We have two arrivals this morning from New York viz,
the North America and Roscoe, both arrived at Liverpool.
For American News, ste another column.

THE FUNDS.

There is but little doing in the English Money Market, and
Consols, which closed yesterday at 93i- 94, opened this morn-
ing at the same quotation.
Yesterday n as settling and pay day in the Foreign Market,
and although the account was heavy to settle, it passed off
without any failure. Up to the present time there has not
been a single bargain done, there being but few members at
the Stock Exchange; to-day, being the \Vhite Fast, the
Hebrews are all at synagogue.

PRICES OF STOCKS 'IIIIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Rtrik Stock ...., .... ...... ... India &oat.— —
3 per Cent. ita. . ...... .. - ... —; Ditto Bones
3 per Cant. Cc•ns 03% 4 37x, I Scutt; Sea S',,ck ... ,..—.•
336 per Cent-- ~.. — ' Old Annuities ....... ...... ..,..
Du; o Red --, i Ni-w Ditto ~. ... —
New 3% per Cent. 10134,34 i. 3 per Cent. Annuities, 1751...
New smr Cent.. --- Exch 5•11.11 a, X1,0:10 135 70 (33 km.
thol, L mgAnnultiestuexpire Dittos...... ........500 pie.
Jan. 5, 18e,0 — !att.:: Small ... ..,. ... ..... 71 69 pm.
Oct. 10, iS:',4.) ............
Ditto Commrc, — plc
WO Jan. 5,
Jan. 5, 1880... ..... .....
April ~, i3f4.).... .... .... ...... -lind!.a Stock for Account —
. ....

A 7,1 5, 1 rra t
PctICES ')F FOREIGN FUNDS
Av..tnan Bonds
lie!g;:tn ~....—...
Vltto ...... .
Brazilizn Bondi
ihtto Account ..........
RJC:nos Ayres Bonds
Ditto Account •,,
C •11!As.:,
1•
Lila° ACT,tint -
CO:iiillblan 1401,13
Ditto Account
C3lumbian Ronde, 1824
Ditto Account
Thnith bonds ...
Ditto Account .
Grcok 80nd5..„...
Ditto litmc-13 0-2.5

Ctionols for Account 933'. 4
THIS DAY AT ONE tt'CLOcy.
Peruvian Bonds .„, ...... ~.„„
Ditto Account ..
Portugueoe an
Ditto Now
Ditto Account ... 33 4
Ditto, 3 per wilt.—
Ditth A.t,count
Prkm•dati
bonds, IS!2`2 ...... 1112
Ditto Ac,:ount ........
ritto Metallic......
Spanish Banda
Ditto Account... . —
Ditto 50nd3,18135 178 q
Ditto Account .......
French, 5 pet unt —t.
--- 4 per cent

Dittf, Ancmtnt
per ceuZ ,
Ditto Ac..-zount
rent.
Ditto Account
.....
PRICES OF SHARES Till

:3 per cant. —l —,
FAchange. ...... ... —l.
Dutch, 256 per cow... ....... —.531%1
Dato Account ....
Ditto. , per cant 102%
Ditto Account ...
S DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK
Paid, Per Share.
Bristol and Exeter Railway Company l5 7%
Great Western Railway Company 65 79 E 0 7854 9
Brighton Railway Company
London and Southampton (New) Railway l5 313
Ai ;:nchester and Birmingham Railway lO 10%
Paris, Rouen, and Havre 4 IN
Anti Dryrot Company
Provincial Bank of Ireland 25
Ditto New

COURSE (3F EXCHANGE YESTERDAY.
Amsterdam C.F. 12 512 tlibraitar 4B
Ditto, at sight
ItJtte.zilain 2U. 12 s'( Genoa 20 0
Antwerp.:.
th,-iburg....,... ........ M. 13. 13121, Venice. 45
Alton,
Paris, ,i days' sight
Ditto 3 Ms. 25 90 Lisbon 5.3
Marseilles.
Bourdeaux
Frankiiirt on Maine, Ex. m. 153 Bahia '27
Peterobtrigh, ruble '3 Us. 10 0 Buenos A prey --
Berlin
Vienna, effective (1 .M.lO 12 Philadelphia 4
Trieste litLo lO 13 PqiCE OF BULLION, PER OZ.
Madrid. "30q.i Portugal held, coin £0 0 0
Cadiz.... • . 37 Forego Gold. in bars 317 9
Bilt,a ... . ... .. :41 New Doi.,l3lilei:s
13 itc:,l,-,;, ,-6 New Dollars .........
S,ville 36 ,iilv,i. bars. standerd 0 4 14a

. -
PRICES OF IRISH STOCKS. DUBLIN, SEPT. 27.
3 per Cent. Consols ,i3,1,, , Gran I Canal Debs. 6 per cent.
3% per Cent. Stock
Ditto Reduced Hibeinian Bank —
Ditto New, 130
3i4 par Cent. Debentures
Bank Stock
Royal Canal Stock
Grand Canal 5t0ck....., — cent —

HALF-PAST ONE.

MOBILE, Aua. 31.—1 t gives us pleasure to announce the
arrival of the first bale of new cotton. It was sold shortly
after its receipt at 14 cents per lb. The staple and colour
are both good, and we would class the staple between good
fair and Liverpool fine.
The accounts from New Orleans, of the 29th August, state
that three small lots of new cotton had arrived. For the first
bale that came in 13 cents were offered and refused, but
would now be accepted. Oa receipt of a few hundred bales
we are likely to open at 121 cents.
Up to this time, we have no further arrival to communicate.
There has been scarcely any business doing in the English
or Foreign market, and the only variation that has taken place
is that Consols are now 94i for the Account, and 94 for
Money ; Spanish Stock ;s at 171 18 ; Portuguese Four per
Cents, 33i 341-; Portuguese Three per Cents, 221.
THREE 0' CL CK.

Connls for Accouut, 94.
THE FUNDS.—CLOSING PRICES
BRITISH FUNDS.
Bank Stock
3 per Cent. Red Ditto Bonds CS
3 per Cent Cis
_933,0)itt0 Old Annuities —
3% per Cent _ pjitto New Annuities ..
3% per Cent. lied, lEx. Bills, 1,000/.......234d 58 pm
New 3% per Cent l013:3 1 Ditto 50-1 pm
Long Annuities to expire Ditto 5001 69 pm
Jan. 163')
Oct. 1830
Jan. 1660
- FOREIG N FUNDS
Portuguese Bonds, 5 per cent..
!Ditto, New Ditto
Prussian, 5 per cent —
Russian Bonds, 5 per cent 111%
Ditto, Metallic —
Spanish,_ 5 per cent 17%
.Ullitto, Consolidated —
.French, 5 per cent:. —0 —c,
Exchange —l —c
French, 3 per cent
(hitch, 0% per c„,ut. '277
IDitto, 5 per cent...... lo2y,
3HARE S. —(THIS DAY).
79

Austrian, 5 per cent
Belgian, 5 per cent :OS!:;;
Brazilian Bonds
Buenos Ayr. s, 6 per cent. —
Chilian, 6 per cent
Colomblain, 6 per cent
Ditto, I f 124
Danish, 3 per cent
Greek Bonds, 1825, 5 per cent —
Mexican, 5 per cent
Ditto, it per cent., 1825
Peruvian, 1825,6 per
(CLOSING PRICE OF
Bristol and Exeter Railway ...,
Great Western Railway
_„. --
London arid Brighton lttilway
London and Birmingham Pails
London and Southampton Rail
Manchester and Leeds Railway
Manchester and Birmingham II

87,
vav
lway (Newt
y
Itailway

A ROYAL HANDKERCHIEF.—nrs. Cornelius, of
Plymouth, has just completed a handkerchief for the Queen.
It 13 made of exquisitely fine French cambric, and has the
Royal arms most beautifully wrought in the centre.' The bor-
der is also of needle-work, representing flowers and foliage.
Upwards of fifty different kinds of stitches are introduced. It
has been eight months in hand, and is valued at fifty guineas.
HONESTY REWARDED.—During the race week
Colonel Pcel, M. P., happ,ned to lose a cheque for 501. drawn
by the Duke of Rutland on Snow and Co., London. It was
found near the Strand by a boy of 14 years of age of the name
of John 8011, A ton of 'Samuel Bell, a tobacco cutter at Mr.
Wcod's manufactory in this town. Upon the cheque being
taken to Colonel Peel's lodgings by the father, he was re-
ferred to Messrs. Leathern and Co., the bankers, whom the
Colonti bad previously directed to pay the sum of five pounds
to any person who might be honest enough to restore it if
found. The reward was accordingly paid, and the cheque
returned to Colonel Peel.—Doncaster Gazette.
The works at the sea-wall are now drawing fast
toward completion. The wall itself is, with the exception of
a small portion beyond the Crescent, carried up to its level,
the backing up is proceeding fast, and. the vast chasm which
but a short time since presented itself to the eye has nearly
vanished. We are now inclined to think that this great and
useful work may bf.= completed by the time of her M4jestv's
a; who 11,;:tou, pe,.form-
ance by opening it. Extra hands, if necessary, should be em-
ployed to accomplish this.—Brighton Herald.

.0141
_ Pei;
‘ • • - • lh
*4IIIIIIWMIIP. 2c rAfk

~f tf-Q
