THE SUN, LON DON, TUESDAY. APRIL

----~_

LITERATURE.

RECOLLECTIONS OF THE HOUSE

the first instance, began at the beginning, and read through
j the speech in a manner which would have done credit to
any professor of elocution,—though it was clear he laboured
under a slight hoarseness, caused most probably by cold.
The sparkling of the diamonds in the crown, owing to the
reflection caused by the lighted candles, had a fine effect.
Probably this was the first occasion on which a King of
England ever read his speech by candleli,elt, at the open-
ing of his Parliament.
Shakspeare lays it down as a maxim—" Uneasy lies the

OF LORDS.

Smith, London, 1836.
We have little or no doubt that this volume will
become equally popular with the author's former one,
}Titled " Random Recollections of the House of the
, °ue of Commons," for it displays the same exu-
coiirant variety of anecdote ; the same quick and saga-
UllB apprehension of character, and the same prac-
tical knowledge of its subject. Moreover, the same
tone _ i ofimpartiality pervades all its criticisms, the
author
being evidently no partizan of either Whig,
Tory Ji or Radical ; but one who judges of men per se,
Tot: with reference to the party to which they belong.
3 Arhus he does not underiate Lord Kenyon because he
a violent Ultra Tory, nor overrate Lord Brougham
ample
lie is an equally zealous Reformer ; but does
justice to -both. Who he is we know not,- but
itiniging from his perfect acquaintance with the public
characters of the men he describes—with the fashion
o r
0..t.l
l eloquence, and the favourite style their eloyle of their
should incline to the belief that he is a
irteporter ; for no one else could show such a thorough
'luiliarity with the themes he discusses. His account,
:lle I particular, of the opening day of the Session, and
the eircurnstances attending his Majesty's delivery of
exec Speech, are all but conclusive on this point. We
i ract this description entire, for it is full of
nterest • ,
e opening either of a new Parliament, or of a new
I(6°n? of Parliament when the latter is opened by the
is al in Person, is a very imposing spectacle. The former
tra,,waYs done by the King in person, except under very ex 7
sneuhrdinary circumstances. The interior of the House on
„lie
eeasions presents a most interesting sight.
„ ceremony usually commences at a quarter past two
lar`ute afternoon. As early as twelve there is always a
nee attendance of Peeresses, Peeresses' daughters, and
dsrs female members of the aristocracy, all in full
ree
• The attendance of Peers on such occasions is usu-
4e9en_litnited ; their absence is chiefly owing to a wish to
"floodate the ladies with their seats. The number of
the es generally present when the King opens a new Parlia-
twnti or a new Session of Parliament, in person, is from
to three hundred. Notwithstanding the extremely un-
'mtetvoturahle state of the weather on the opening of the pre-
ss :ession, the number of female members of the aristo-
sl:7' Could not have been much under two hundred and
sio • As the present House is of such very limited dimen-
tonifo"s, a (2o.asiderable number found it impossible to procure
RA • rtable seats in the body of the House, and therefore
'longthemselves in the two side galleries which extend
'"lg that
see.— . Part of the House nearest the throne. The
ilguuei, altogether, when the King arrived, was. one of un-
ate‘sPlendour. In the side galleries, as just mentioned
a, -
°rig the two first rows of benches on either side of the
been the the exception of the Ministerial bench, and that
d by the leaders of the Opposition,—the lodics were
arrayed in their most splendid apparel ; while the
Parts of the House were occupied by the Peers, the
fvettiga Ambassadors, and other distinguished persons from
.rieri.•:,..feourt in the world maintaining at the present time a
all 71Y Understanding with this country. The Peers were
Jiothed in the robes of state peculiar to their respective
gu;S The Foreign Ambassadors, and the other distir-
t
theno Persons from foreign courts, were also dressed .i n
AsnOult costume of their different countries. The Foreign
seat assadors have a place allotted to themselves on the
tesi:iit'arnediately behind Ministers. Between the Minis-
the eneh and the right of the throne, are, as observed in
S • P'evious chapter,the seats appropriated to the Lords
Nritu
eals a , on which the Bishops sat, dressed in full canoni-
-003,,' Outside the bar were the members of the House of
stra"4l,l7:°as, headed by their Speaker.. The gallery for
the public.
was on this, as on all similar occasions, shut to
fig r""lie. Peers' orders, which on other occasions corn-
ad the
instant admission of those who are fortunate
IC.Lu" to procure them, always go for nothing when
when
ia-b °Pans Parliament in person ; and also, indeed, w
leal„,ened by. commission. Nothing but the signed and
DitiC' Order of the Lord Great Chamberlain will prove a
evenll to any one. The select character of the company,
for in the str.angers' gallery, on such occasions, may,. there
"e at once inferred. The parties consist in a great
of the male relatives or friends of Peers.
tls °rl all similar occasions, the firing of cannon announced
41111;:rival of his Majesty outside the House. In a few
Ivz,''es after the flourishing of a trumpet intimated that he
ros, On the eve of making his entrance. The Peers all
tlith; the King made his appearance and advanced to the
'44r He seated himself on it, and then desired the
Ilatiaisi to resume their seats. When he is absent they
kcsat Sit with their hats on their heads ; when heis I)re-
Nlortr Y are all uncovered as a mark of respect to him.
Iletee after, when the necessary arrangements were
epas i corn-
,), ,ed every one who had taken part in the forms
vailit6"'s proper place, the speech, written out, asit -
folio is, in large legible penmanship, on two or three
after to of pater, was put into his hands. He instantly,
4iair first- at. the Lords, who were all in the imme-
iNsied,aci_l'itY of the throne, and then at the Commons
44a zl the bar, commenced reading the speech. A breath-
ensued, which was preserved to the close.
I emTaY here he allowed to make a slight digression, while
savour to give a sketch of his Majesty, interspersed
p:"Io further observations respecting the opening of
In esent Session of Parliament.
• Person the Kinn• is about the middle. height. He
Dro4 'reelY be said to be corpulent, but his stoeness_ ap-
Noaelles it. His shoulders are rather high, and of lin-
tf readtli, His neck has consequently an appearance
twin
no itdng shorter than it is in reality. He walks with a
o short step. He is not a good walker. I know
!bode cu m," .
✓ Which could more strikingly characterise-his
is net a verywaddles." classical term, but in the present case it is
s
eotnplularlY expressive. His face is round and full. IT
the („,ell°ll is something between dark and sallow. What
oceai" °or of his hair is I cannot positively say, as on every
• al, which I have seen him lie had either the crown
°
it is on his head. As far as I could form a judgment
strori,,ti a light brown. His features are small and not very
is a Y narked, considering his advanced age. His nose
trett.vil and .lather broad than otherwise. His forehead is
out it plc both in breadth and height, but has a flatness
4ti3 WiliCh deprives it of any intellectual expression.
ti ,thre
Oar light eyes are quick in their movements, and
Piercing in their glances. His countenance is
A cllcative of good nature blended with bluntness.t
to notl
,I.)tiii• a 3 o to infer that he was other than a plain
'eetedlY gentleman. That he is good-hearted and unaf-
ib.ar:veotYvisnirne pje in
his demeanour, is a fact of which you
ale iced the very first glance you get of him. The
a parish, when clothed in his cloak of office, struts
4reate,.— ~,,the church door with an air of immeasurably
itl'altl'Tri,:e4l7iempo.rtance than William the Fourth exhibits
Le.-• y_ue tes in State the Nobles and Commonershe of the
trtisthe
ilere, •could either dispense with the prescriptive
esiN.4 lie has to go throug:, at. the opening and
trilldnesQ "ell Session, or triat in the overflowing
eeirgrlbls soul, lie forfsets at the time he
11‘",eri°;er
ty„ fur n; L of tiose realms. His every look mid move-
11,0'Pl • ,„s" evidence, not to be mistaken, of the man
er-;t1 inov7r the Monal.e.h. It is. clearly with diffi-
cession to the throne, he
1, rains . the midst of the
'clods 'lan
from suddenly stOping aside to shake
every nobleman he -sees Iliour:4 him. As it is
„ " rary to the
nods
.usual practice of Kings on su.. il
tato do
ti(rd evidently says in his own mind, " 1.-w (1
prou_pre and ninlevep:Peer he passes. Of his extreme (;-(s.ou
vt,vuls at th p 'city of manners he gave several striking
44•
4'llole. °Pening of the present Session. The day
1.4 visual
~,?.bloonly, which, added to an imperfection in
115 darknes7haps consequent on advanced
years, and to
irnh_Dlae, the present House of Lords, especially in
ciirt ssible frornerie. the throne is situated—rendered it
Rie 3% \I sir ni.n to read the Royal Speech with fa-
with t patiently and good naturedly did be strug-
ziqg, and
at task, often hesitating, sometimes mistak-
e` stuck thers correcting himself. On one occasion
eepotrlt together, when after two or three in-
to make out the word, he was obliged to
I•4's_esigh•
tvb:ll?en turning to Lord Melbourne, who stood on
41, looking. him most significantly in the
n'attlarofth a tone sufficiently loud to be audible in all
NUI e and bl"se' "Eh ? what is it ?" The infinite good
At (11143. untness with which the question was put,
%,:oarei„,.einte;onciled the most inveterate Republican to
t'eri-ngland, so long as it is embodied in the per-
trueecitlinr
ihr`ia the o.ro tha, Fourth. Lord Melbourne having whis-
illQ°"gh theus
word, the King proceeded to toil
but by tape time he got about the mia-
n brought him two wax tapers, on which he
• Paused, ,
libtoh....ie.ll,lt4(l.comuniia raising his head, and looking at the
ens, he addressed them on the spur of the
ast in a
ttr, ernbar,_ Perfectly distinct voice, and without the s assinent or the mistake of a single word in these
MY Lor(
to I Pavel s,and Gentlemen,
this s not been able, from want of light,
e(a..l4llts are 00W in the way its importance deserves ; but
}onr"eernent brought me, I will read it again from the
atteotiot, ,; and in a way which, 1 trust, will command
he then
ngain, though evidently fatigued by reading in

head that wears a crown." In this Shakspeare, is wrong.
It is no doubt true as a general rule, hut it does not admit
of universal application. Had Shakspcare lived in the
reign of William the Fourth, he would never have penned
the observation in the' unqualified way in which it stands.
He would have seen in the person of our present Sovereign
an exception to the rule. His head dogs not lie uneasily.
The Crown sits lightly op it. Not that he is indifferent
about the welfare of his subjects—far from it—but because
he believes that they live under a mild and paternal and en-
lightened Government, and that, conscious of nothing but
the most kindly ferlings towards them, he never allows his
mind to be haunted for one moment with any suspicion of
their loyalty to his person or fidelity to his throne. It is one
of the irresistible tendencies of his nature to look on the
sunny side of the picture ; in this case his unsuspecting
disposition will not betray him into any error. The gene-
rous confidence he reposes in the friendly feelings of his
subjects towards him, is not misplaced. Few ',monarchs
have reigned more in the affections of his subjects than
does William the Fourth of England.

The anecdote about the King and Lord Melbourne
is highly characteristic of the former's blunt, hearty,
and off-hand manner ; and equally so, the personal de-
scription of his Majesty, which is correct to the letter.
Of Lord Brougham our author writes in the warmest
terms of eulogiurn, though at the same time without
the slightest attempt at exaggeration. He " nothing
extenuates, nor sets down aught in malice," but draws
his Lordship just as he is—a statesman of amazing
powers of mind, unbounded in the reach of his know-
ledge, full of sarcasm, wit, and occasionally, of broad
comic humour ; but toa often allowing a hot, impetuous
temper to mar the effect of his noblest flights of elo-
quence. With all his Lordship's infirmities, however,
our author very justly observes of him, that he is more
than a match for the whole House of Peers put toge-
ther—a fact which none know better than our heredi-
tary legislators themselves ; hence, their fixed, uncon-
querable dislike to him. We subjoin a sketch of his
Lordship's personal appearance, and mode of speaking
in the. House of Lords, for the scrupulous correctness
of which we can vouch:—

It is only on a great political question, and one which
lie feels very strongly, that Lord Brougham is to be heard
to any advantage. Those who have hoard him for the first
time on such a subject as the Repeal of the Newspaper
Duties,—or on a proposed reform in the administration of
the law, &c.—go away wondering what people see in him
to admire. On such occasions he reasons well, displays ex-
tensive information, considerable thinking powers, and an
eloquent and energetic style ; but they can see nothing
either in his matter or in his manner to entitle him to the
reputation of the most effective speaker of the age. It is
otherwise when he rises to repel a personal attack, or to
speak on any question of party politics. On such occa-
sions, you see in his very countenance the consciousness of
superior powers. His knit brow, his piercing eye, the air
of supreme scorn towards those who differ from him, which
his whole aspect- exhibits,—concur with the sentiments to
which be gives expression to show you that his whole soul
is thrown into his speech. •It is then, and only then, that
you witness any real display of his amazing powers. He then
stands forth an intellectual gladiator, fighting not with one
or two opponents only, but with every Peer of any weight
who has taken a different view of the subject from himself.
No sooner has he, by the liberality and energy of his blows,
disabled one opponent, and left him sprawling on the
ground, than he deals them out as thickly and rieavily to
another ; and so on until he has vanquished every opponent
who has had the temerity to attempt to obstruct his advance
to the point to which he was directing his steps. He is not
content with pushing aside those who oppose his progress ;
he lays one and all of them prostrate at his feet, and tramples
them in the dust. He gives no quarter to an antagonist.
His soul seems to exult in the occupation of butchering
his adversaries outright. He is so intent on the object,
that he is quite indifferent as to the means ; or rather he
gives a preference to the most barbarous modes of intel-
lectual warfare. It is not enough that be vanquish his
opponent ; it must be done in the most cruel and savage
manner. His attacks are always of the fiercest kind. All
refinement of feeling, and all the conventional proprieties
of language, are utterly disregarded. He disdains to but
up his subjects scientifically or anatomically. For the time
being he battles away right and left, and feels as keenly
towards his opponent as if it were a personal, not a politi-
cal or party quarrel, in which he is engaged. His whole
heart is set on what a class of persons call " punishing "
his adversary. This he thinks.can only be effectually done
by doing it coarsely. He is consequently often called to
order for violating the rules of the House ; but this only
aggravates the evil it was intended to remedy. The more
he is interrupted in his attacks on an opponent, the more
furious in his manner and the less measured in his language
does he become. He is not only not to be put down, how-
ever general and decided the feeling of the House may be
against the course he is pursuing, but be will not be di-
verted from his resolution of inflicting the full measure of
intended severity on his victim by any means which he
chooses to adopt. So long as he is interrupted only by
particular Peers, he confines his furious attack to the op-
ponent against whom he was directing his withering sar-
nasms„ and on whom he was heaping his ridicule, at the
time of the interruption—except during the few moments
he may step out of his way to apply the lash to those who
have called him to order ; but when the cry of " Order"
has become general, and the confusion so great as to drown
his voice, be suddenly pauses until the confusion has sub-
sided, and than rigors forth the overflowing phials of his
wrath on the Opposition generally.
In a similar admirable spirit of discrimination our
author pourtrays Lord Lyndhurst, though we cannot
but think that in one or two instances he somewhat
overrates his natural powers of mind. His Lordship is
a clever, practical sophist, versed in all the small
trickeries of logic : but nothing more. He has no ori-
ginality of mind, like Lord Brougham ; no giant grasp
of thought; but is simply an adroit special pleader, with
a pleasing, and winning manner, that imparts a grace
even to his shallowest common-places. On some future
occasion we may quote the description of him from the
" Random Recollections," and in the meantime beg to
recommend the work to all who desire to be amused,
and, we may also-add, instructed.

MONTHLY REPOSITORY.
Clarks Fox. Paternoster- TO zo.
The first paper in this Number is an examination of
Dr. Channing's late Treatise on Slavery. Great and
just praise is bestowed on the celebrated Author, for
the moral intrepidity which he has.displayed in grap-
pling with that ticklish question, in the present state of
the American 'pulse, as well as for the gloWing elo-
quence with which he has denounced the abomination,
There is, however, in the opinion of the Reviewer one
drawback on Dr, Charming's merit—he is not a Uti.
litariati. He grounds hip condemnation of slavery on
the explodec: doctrine of ft moral sense, as if uncon-
:w
scious of the great olution in ethics, whiah has
taken place within these few' years. The article en.:
titled " Songs of Scotland," by limbed Nicoll, is litit
altol.,,ether to our taste. We are willing; t 9 admit that
the national songs of Scotland are superior 41 th*igof
any other country ; that they:produce powerful impreg.
sions on Scotchmen, and that Burns was the greatest
of all song writers ; but Mr. Nicall, like most other
enthusiasts, does not make sufficient allowance for the
uninitiated—a numerous class, who will not be stormed
out of their prejudices. In " Corn Laws" there is
much good sense. The impolicy of these oboogioui
laws is well pointed out. From " Songs for the Bees"
we extract the following, which breathes a charming
spirit of plaintive tenderness. The thought in the cc)'
eluding stanza strikes us as-equally just and beautiful.
The day was dark, save when the beam
Of noon through darkness broke,
In gloomy state, as in a dream,
Beneath my orchard oak :
Lo, splendour, like a spirit, came I
A shadow, like a tree !
While there I sat, and nailed her name,
Who once sat there with me,
I started from the seat in fear;
I look'd around in awe ;
But saw no beauteous spirit near,
Though all that was I saw ;

'I he seat, the tree, where oft in tears
She mourn'd her hopes o'erthrowe,
Her joys cut off in early years,
Like gather'd flowers half-blown.
Again the bud and breeze were met,
But Mary did not come ;
And e'en the rose, which she had set,
Was fated ne'er to bloom I
The thrush proclaim'd in accents sweet
That winter's reign was o'er ;
The bluebells throng'd around my feet,
But Mary came no more.
I think, I fee'.—but when will she
Awake to thought again?
No voice of comfort answers me ;
But God does nought in vain :
He wastes no flower, nor bud, nor leaf,
Nor wind, nor cloud, nor wave ;
And will he waste the hope which grief
Hath planted in the grave?
We only have room to remark of the other papers,
that the " Signs of the Times" takes, on the whole,
a prett')% correct view of our social prospects, though
we demur to the truth of the assertion, " that the
sweetest strains of the poet are unheeded, unless he
sings the evils of the Corn Laws ; and novels them-
selves are neglected unless they illustrate politicfA
economy, or treat of the utilitarian philosophy ;" and
that we think a great deal of superfluous wrath has
been poured out upon a writer in the " London Re-
view" for a critique on Charles Lamb and the British
Drama.

ARBORETUM BRITANNICUM ; OR HARDY
TREES OF BRITAIN. Nos. XVIII. and XIX.
Ridgway.

This is' one of Mr. Loudon's most useful works,
and with the exception of his " Encyclopmdia of Gar-
dening," will be the most popular. The embellish-
ments are exceedingly beautiful as well as numerous.
When completed, this work will be translated under the
immediate superintendence of the Author, into the
French, German, and Italian languages.

ARCHIri ECT URAL PEDANTRY.

(From the Architectural Magazine for March.)

" Never yet was anything truly great or valuable in art
achieved by dint of mere rules : the utmost they can do is
to prevent positive errors. By no means, however, does it
follow that the observance of them will guard against all
vices, because there must ever be more or less of which
rules will stop short ; and here it is that originality dis-
covers, while imbecility betrays, itself. It is not criticism,
but sheer quackery, which solicits admiration for mere beau-
ties of routine, and which looks only at parts and fragments,
without forming any estimate of the whole. A very poor
painting may exhibit tint's, here and there, that, considered
merely as colours, may be exceedingly fine ; and an un-
washed palette may display hues equal to any that we meet
with in Titian or Rubens : yet colours are one thing, and
colouring another ; nor do random and unmeaning accidents
of the kind alluded to excite any pleasure. Were it, too,
not for the cant that has been kept up on one side, and the
ignorance that has blinded people on the other, the world
would long ago have found out that the same holds good in
regard to architecture as to the other arts, although not
precisely in the same degree. This prevalent, and, for the
most part, utter ignorance in regard to the powers of archi-
tecture as one of the fine arts, has favoured a grovelling
pettifogging system of criticism, which has thoroughly
drugged us with nostrums of one kind or other. No matter
what,particular style be advocated, the quackery made use
of for the purpose is pretty much the same. In unqualified
unquestioning bigotry, the admirer of Ictinus yields not one
jot to the idolater of Palladio ; the patriotic venerator of our
old English architecture is not a whit more liberal than the
most dogged worshipper of Vitruvius ; while his very pa-
triotism serves to dignify his one-sided obstinacy. Differ as
they may from each other, they all agree in admiring by
rote, and in discountenancing any attempt to step beyond
certain limits they have been pleased to set up. So strongly,
indeed. have they fortified their respective systems with cir-
cumvallations of rules, that we may be excused for imagin-
ing them to have been devised for the special protection of
stupidity ; and that, out of favour •to this latter quality,
tsenius itself must not be allowed to advance one step out
of the regular track, lest its blundering imitators should
lose themselves among quagmires.
" There are so many contingencies, all requiring to be
taken into consideration, that what may be a merit under
one set of circumstances, may be utterly the reverse under
another. Our modern architectural legislators ought, there-
fore, to be either far more despotic, or far more liberal, than
they actually are and, unless they choose to proscribe all
private judgment, they ought to allow that independence of
previous authorities which is the privilege of every other art.
Instead of this, they only permit us to_ err _by rule, and to
be inconsistent according to the most approved etiquette.
To deviate from the received proportions of any one of the
orders would be little short of sacrilege : the. whole frater-
nity would be up in arms against the unlucky wight who
should he guilty of such profanity : but to apply an order so
that it shall be utterly at variance with everything in the
design, and so as to destroy all general harmony of propor-
tions, seems to be perfectly consistent with the staunchest
orthodoxy. - Provided everything, taken individually, be
selon les regles, it matters not how intolerably bad the com-
pound itself may prove : it is enough that it ought to be
excellent, the several ingredients being all very palatable in
themselves. I shall, perhaps, be thought to be here in-
dulging somewhat too freely in caricature. Alas ! I feel
that this representation of the case falls far short of the ac-
tual absurdities that have been perpetrated under the sanc-
tion of the legitiaiate school. lam sometimes tempted to
believe mvself labouring under some obstinate mental hallu-
cination, in fancying that architecture addresses itself to the
eye rather than ear, since so many seem
to be of quite a
contrary opinion, and to suppose that it is the ear alone
which takes cognizance of the beauties of this art. Why,
else, are we stunned with praises bestowed upon things, the
merit of which lies not in any discernible qualities, but in
the names and words employed to describe them, and in
beauties, the exquisite proportions of which are too subtle
to be detected by our visual organs, and can be made ob-
vious only by arithmetic ?"

LOWER CANADA.

PETITION OF THE HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY TO

dividual, of which we have no motive for doubting, was,
from his previous habits and position, more likely to com-
prehend our wishes and our wants
" At the head of the reforms, which we persist in consi-
dering as essential, is the introduction of the principle of
popular election into the constitution of the Legislative
Council. The people of the country, without distinction,
regard this body, as at present constituted, as factiously op-
posed to its institutions, its state of society, its feelings, and
it: wants, and as having been and as being necessarily the
stronghold of oppression and abuses. They continue in
like manner to believe that any partial reform which shall
stop short of the introduction of the elective principle will
be altogether insufficient, and will, as leaving the inherent
vice untouched, bring back the same evils and the same
collisions. We think, that. with regard to the constantly
baneful action of the Legislative Council, we have amply
explained ourselves to your Majesty, and that no other
proof than the past and present acts of that body is needed
to remove all doubt as to the nature and spirit of the im-
provements to be introduced into it. We look, in this re-
spect, upon the Act of 1791, giving Legislators for life to
the Canadian Provinces, at the mere pleasure of the Exe-
cutive authority, as an unfortunate experiment, followed by
most unhappy consequences. We also look upon this ex-
periment as entirely foreign to the British Constitution.
We are not ignorant that some individuals interested in
the maintenance of bad govermnent, and accustomed to a
system of ascendancy and domination, pretend that bar-
Liony might be established between the constituted autho-
rities in this province, by introducing in its territorial limits,
or in the representation of the people, violent changes of
which the sole end would be to deprive a numerous portion
of your Majesty's subjects of a due participation in the ad-
vantages of the constitution, and to establish invidious poli-
tical preferences, as a prelude to the subversion of the insti-
lions of the province, at the very time when your Majesty's
Government is proclaiming principles of equal justice to all,
and acknowledges the excellence of our institutions. We
rely too much on the honour of the Government to believe
in the. possibility of attempts which would destroy all ties
that bind the people to Great Britain, and would force them
to regret their allegiance
"Respecting as we do the expression of the Royal plea-
sure, we yet regret that the Ministers of the Crown should
have declared that your Majesty was most unwilling to ad-
mit that the question of an elective Legislative Council was
a subject open to debate in this province. We beg to be
permitted to represent to your Majesty, that it is not within
the province of the Colonial Secretary to limit the subjects
which are to engage the attention of this House and the
people it represents within the required forms, with the
view of improving the laws and condition of the province.
Against.this infringeMent of the liberties of the subject, by
one of your Majesty's responsible servants, we dare to ap-
peal to the supreme authority of the empire, to that of your
Majesty, sitting in your Hie.ll Court of Parliament.
" We have also asked, and we nnw again ask, for the
repeal of certain noxious Acts, of which the peg pip pf tlio
country hare complained. We wish, among others, to
mention the Act of the sixth year of our late Sovereign,
George the Fourth, your Majesty's royal brother, chapter
59, commonly called the Tenure's Act,' and also the more
recent Act granting certain privileges to a company of indi-
viduals residing chiefly in London, whose object is to make
the lands of this province a subject of speculation. With
regard to the former of these Acts, its nature and its ef-
fects, our complaints have been so detailed and so nume-.
rous, that we shall abstain from repeating them, We
shall only add, that recent decisions of the superior tribunals
of the country have refused any validity to the proceedings
of the pretended Court of Escheats, established by the said
Act, which has in fact merely served as a pretext for ereat.
ing several sinecures, paid out of the public revenue of this
province, and which we have not recognised and will never
recognize. . . . .

" Your Majesty cannot but know that the climate of this
portion of the world, and other peculiar causes, render the
clearing of lands in order to bring them under cultivation
one of the chief resources of the surplus population of the
old settlements, and the surest mode of investing the very
moderate capital possessed by the people of the country.
The resources which the waste lands would afford in point
of revenue, under a wise system of management established
under the authority of the Provincial Parliament, would be
equally necessary as a 'provision for the support of your
Majesty's Provincial Government, and for the completion
of the numerous local improvement; made requisite by the
increase of the population, the emigration from the United
Kingdom, and the state of a rising country. These re-
sources are so important in both these respects, that if left
to the unrestrained disposal of the executive, they would
destroy the constitution, purchase the .adherence of men
made powerful by the authority vested in them, and give the
administration ample pecuniary' means equivalent to the
other revenues of the province, and consequently the power
of governing arbitrarily in defiance of the authority of the
Legislature. We state as a fact, that such has been in
effect the system which has prevailed in this province, and
has been an inexhaustible source of evils and. abuses. We
attach so much importance to this subject, that we are
firmly of opinion, that without the legislative and constitu-
tional authority of the Provincial Parliament over the lands
of the provincial domains; and the revenue arising from
them, the power vested in the Legislature to make laws for
the peace, welfare, and good government of this province,
would be altogAher nugatory.
" We therefore pray your Majesty to be pleased to re-
commend to Parliament the repeal of the said Act passed
in favour of the Land Company, and also that it may please
your Majesty to adopt legal means for atinullingall the un-
due- privileges incompatible with the rights of this province,
which is the object of the said Act to confirm, or of which
it may have been the source. We also humbly pray your
Majesty to be graciously pleased, with regard to the mat-
ters relative to the public domain and the lands of this pro-
vince, to recognise the rights of its • Legislature and of pier
faithful subjects therein, to the end that we he no longer
prevented from labouring as a part of that Legislature, and
with the consent of your Majesty as the first branch thereof,
to render available all the resources of the country for th
support of your Government therein, and for the equal be-
nefit of all your subjects who inhabit this province, or may
come to settle in it, and more especially to insure to all
without distinction the means of settling on the waste lands
under an easy system, and on such conditig4lll as 411411 bo
found most advantageous.
On the subject of the independence of the judges, we
see with pleasure that there exists no difference between the
views of his Majesty's Government and our own. We re-
gret that our efforts to carry these views into effect have
been misunderstood: . . .
" What we have now said will suffice to show your Ma-
jesty what our views are, with regard to the polities or. ,:he
colony as a whole, to the functions and power- which we
believe to belong t 9 the Provincial Legislature on all mat-
ters relative to the IntenTilt sitt4lll of the colony, and with
regard teWINt
Ty(l POPeive to be the best means of insu-
ringactivity, eilicteney, and responsibility, in the public
service , • • •

rTiIE KING IN COUNCIL.

ful and loyal May it Pal scritritin"etns;
The followingis the substance of this important docu-
Provincial
ment, as it passed and was concurred in on Friday night,
by a majority of 55 ayes to 7 noes.
" TO TIIT; lgos'r EXCELLENT MAJESTY.
yolirtlAmlttn7onVls'aoyfo'rovic4rjeCBtaYlf44l,lliii;
assembled, humbly approach your
Majesty's Throne, for the purpose of expressing enve ipqrp,
in the name of tit? people WO represent, our firm,
though
o
dyess of the 09evanePti an 4 4144§.1's which
respectfuliton prayed for, in the constitution of this pro-
vince, and of the re opinion of the necessity
of the reforms
we have so
have prevailed therein. e seixe the same occasion to
inalca known our sentiments with regard to a portion of the
„vat 000,4 and &terminations of your Majesty's q 0
vernnient, in so fat: os it hos boon possible fyr ys to become
acquainted with them. We pray your ;Majesty to believe
in our sincerity. . .
Wiwn Ivo alermily repeat, that tho principal object of
the political reforms which this house and the people of
this province have for a great number of years used every
effort to obtain, and have frequently been detailed to
your Majesty, is to extend the elective principle to the Lec
gislative Council, a branch of the Provincial Legislature,
Which lg jtF opposition to the people, and by reason. of its
imperfect and vicious constitution, has proved instamont to
perform the functions for which it was originally created ;
to render the Execntive Council directly responsible to the
representatives of the people, conformably to the prin-
ciples and practice of the British constitution as established
fu the United Kingdom ; to place under the wholesome
4rtd constitutional control of tliig tlotise the whole public
revenue raised in this province, from whatever source de-
rived ; to Otani the repeal of certain Acts passed by the
Parliament of the United liingdoty (in which the people of
this province are not represented), with regard to the
interf-fait 4f fairs of this province, making its territory and
best resources the subject of tint* speculation and mo-
nopoly, and whielt we hold to be a violation of the
vighti of the 4egi4gliTT and nf the people of this pro-
vince ; to ensure- eqnai riilits and; lTpartlql instipo to all
t classes of the inhabitants ofhis province ; to abolish sine-
cures and the accumulation of incompatible offices ; to re-
dress the numerous abuses which prevail in the various de-
P4rtritonts of the nublic service ; to obtain fur the proyirio
jegislatnre, with regard tq th infernal f3uifs of the pcir
vince, and more eSkeially over the management and sPt:7'
tiernent of the waste lands thereof. far ilia henet of all
,classes o€ your Majesty's subjects, without distinction, that
essential Fontroul -which would be the direct consequence
of the principles of the constitution. When, we sazi
resPPtfgY repeat to Ilur 4itijqoty tlicsg nnr demanai, and
4C,qare our firm intention te'por'severe in asking them, as
being alg)e calculated to insure the liberty, peace, and wel-
fifFe,qf Pr9vilF.,P; and the confidence of the neonle in
tl~el49W.R4l°Ph rft to" per.aci4
the united c!PP!rq, l
be understood by ye;.rClll,llla scarcely
fc'th:
lh it ire
sli'9l:lld
not
we v.e bound in the first place to thank your Majesty
for itaviag 'L'ip kei,ld of the F:mcutive Government,
and for having appointed as his successoriliaingnislied
personage, who, independently of his qualifications as an in-

It remains for us to address your Majesty on an im-
pOtiTot and extensive subject—the public revenue and ex-
penditure of this Province. We humbly thank your Ma-•'
jesty for the gracious doeloration, that your Majesty is dis-
posed to admit alto control of the representatives of the people
over the whole public revenue raised in this Province. We
regOd the fulfilment of this promise as of the highest im-
portance. In stating explicitly in the preceding portions of
this Address the rights which we humbly believe to belong
to the Legislature of this Province, with regard to certain
parts of this revenue, we wish to present the subject in its
trio polut of view, in order that no misconception may
hereafter retard the desired result. In the pro-
posals which it. may please your Majesty to make to us for
the purpose of attaining this result, it is impossible that
your Majesty should lose sight of the essential principles of
the Constitution, or of the declaratory Act of 1778, to the •
benefit of which we believe the people of this country are
peculiarly entitled. We shall receive with respect, and ex-
amine with the most scrupulous attention any communica-
tion which your Majesty may be pleased to make to us ten-
ding to the settlement of the financial questions.
"We humbly represent to your Majesty that the people of
this province, tired of the continued struggle in which they
have been so long engaged to obtain the recognition of their
rights on the part of the metropolitan and colonial autho-
ritiesovould regard with painful apprehension the possibility
of the recurrence of the same state of things, and of the
necessity of making new sacrifices for the purpose of lay-
ing these complaints before your Majesty and Parliament.
We wish for a Government which shall assure us freedom
and security ; the unrestricted effect of your Majesty's de-
clarations can alone confer it on us ; • and it will bi! when
we can entertain a hope of the removal a
14,,b'eopsses it;
grievances and abuses we complain of,.tbat eAn
properly consider the means of giving effm tu, 114,
jesty's wishes with regard to an qn,"!;:x,vri.Oicka of permanent
. .
nature.
t tt • • • •
position in which we are placed, and however
unjust the 07,3jue.ts of the Celonial Office may appear, it is
Majestyconciliation
tovt.eheyoeuxrtraets fro; ai
v);o:1t of our desire for
and peace. We have expressed our rorot,
that according aisoVe cited,
even the temporary arrivlg.oii suggested by your Ma-
}'liVrqnktative cannot take place, unless this House
vacua ly admits the control of the Executive over the funds
which we believe to belong to us ; nor unless these *AS
remain hereafter, as they have done herACAM 41A ill,. a
term of
i • tt
oll.nro • Ic4
which it • • 'l+ '• '4certain. the extent,
„hio,e
va4o4 oatou oy the mere authority of the
xecutive, and which it regards as permanent. We are
however resolved to neglect nothing which can afford to
your Majesty
and your Parliament an opp9oticsity to 40
us justice, and to the present 0i4a444f4" of ;his pro-
the Means ott.e&ctitig'sucTi reforms as the vices of
the system permits, and we have determined to provide for

e

nth to the 20th of February. 'I he
the expenses of the Provincial Government for.a I.imited time. fortnight, from the r----------------- - - ------ ---,,_ .
a"..uer-in-Chief took advantage of this dAiv,
regard being had to the circumstances attending the several
.C.a,l-11Lornin,
,ito 1 _ •
items, and the resources of the country. We pray that iti )1: y
.siege to 13almaceda, Mereadillo, and Plen-
your Majesty will attribute the manner in which we shall cp., in 71. e dire&tion of Orduna and 13ilboa, which were
endeavour to give effect to the decision we have thus come ofiligee, to canitt date with a considerable loss iwprisoners
to, solely to our sincere desire to obtain a better Govern- and arms, and alter a desperate resistance.
merit, and not to any abandonment of the principles we f If Cue Consti-:utionalists had not for a long time obtained
have supported ; and that your Majesty will not allow it ',,0 I any important -victories, they at least bad not. suffered so•
he made a subject of reproach to us, when we may afpia ) serious a defeat as the al2ove. It is imoossiVe to account
hereafter insist on these principles. . . . . for those iie-fre.;ses not having, bum reinforcr.d ; they were
" Wherefore we respectfully entreat your Majesty to besieged alnacc,t in sight of the: Spanish divisions which
at the head of 15,000,
listen favourably to our humble prayers, and, as well hry the were within se :en -or eight hours' mare}:. General Cordova
exercise of the august powers which belong more esr,ecially had left General Evans at Vide ria,
.arra and Espejo, with 8,009
to your Majesty, as jointly with the Parliament., of the men ; Espartero, at Puent.2-1
United Kingdom, to render full justice to your fi•:ithful sub- men, and instructed to e.otr:bine his forces with those of
jccts, and to deliver them from the system of or:pression and Espeleta, amounting to '1.0.,1)00. And, notwithstanding this
bad Government, which, through the Colonial Ministers, imposing mass of troo.tis, the Carlists were enabled to take
have so long weighed heavily upon them. And by inclination three towns in rapid, succession, at a distance from their
led, as well as by duty bound, we shall ever pray for your usual lines, and wi'..aout heing incommoded by their oppcp,
Majesty's sacred person." vents &tiring the 0 days which these operations required,!
•---
,

WAR IN SPAIN.

TURKEY.

(Prom the Journal des Del :;)
A fourth campaign will shortly be opened in the north
of Spain. We doubt whether it will be decisive, or that
it will put an end to the obstinate struggle carried on in
that country ; it must, however, be followed with still more
serious consequences to both parties.
The insurrection has now extended to the fourth year,
and at the commencement of each new campaign we are
forced to admit that it becomes mote animated, assumes a
more warlike character, is better organized, and better sup-
plied with arms and-ammunition, It is true that it has not
extended beyond the Ebro, spread to the Castiles, or pro-
ceeded on the route to Madrid. It has, however, already
wearied six or eight Generals of the highest reputation,
cost Spain some millions, and cruelly decimated her best
troops, and it has been already necessary to recruit the
Queen's army twice during the above period.
Whilst Catalonia is infested by numerous and un-
daunted bands, closely pursued, but never brought into
contact, and the same taking place in Lower Arragon, the
north of Valencia, La Mancha, parts of old Castile, of
Galicia, and shortly of the Asturias-.-whilst these varisau:,
bands spread over 4 vast extent of Country, require
a constant but fruitless pursuit, in. which nearly half of
the Spanish forces are engaged, the insurrection in Na-
varre presents an accumulated mass of 30,000 men, a real
army, regularly organized and formed into divisions and
brigades, carrying on operations in a warlike manner, trying
every effort, and adopiing not only the recognized prin-
ciples of military tactics, but also the bold system of the
Guerillas i invincible in their own localities, always ready,to
start unexpected expeditions which spread terror AO con-
fusion throughout the country ; thus baffling for the last six
months the efforts of a body of troops of the line, 60,000
strong, backed by four principal fortresses, and by a dozen
minor fortified places, and also protected by the barrier of a
large river.

CoF4TANTINoPLE, MARCH 9—By news from. Aleppo,
date::t 31st ult., we learn that the Euphrates exTß:dition was
ratting on very poorly, or rather not getting On at all ; and
This time the opposition does not appear to proceed from the
Egyptian, but from the Turkish authorit:,eFf who have been
induced by Russianintrigue to throw snme temporary ob-
stacles in the way. That the obs:ca,„l
Russian fishily intrigue lam not only CS are the result. of
y persuaded, but I ham
seen profs that such is the 'zase,. The meaning. of this
manoeuvre is evident. Russia strives. to weaken the good
understanding existing 'oetween Lord Ponsonby and the
Porte ; but his Lord ;,tip is not to be taken in so easily, no;
will he, I am sure,. commit the error of taking umbrage at
it. To quarre,' with the Porte on the subject would be
only falling -into a new Russian snare, which is too palpable,
altho,tta laid with consummate art. I have discovered
ane;,ner Russian intrigue, which, though in connection with
the above, is calculated to have other consequences. Mon-
si'eu'r Boutenieff has succeeded in persuading the Turkish
Ministers that England has 'at present no other object
ill view than the selfish one of securing her corn-
munieations with India ; and that it was only for
this purpose she asked fbr the firman addressed_
to Mehemet Ali. Unfortunately, the dilatory mea-
sures and apparent indecision of our Ministers have hut 'coo
well borne out this construction put upon their con duct. In
a word, the Turks have no confidence in us, and never can
have until we explain by deeds, not words, thr.t we are in-
spired with a genuine determination to reser,e their empire
from its present helpless state. Experieuet has fully proved_
that our diplomatists are perfectly unequal to the task of
coping with those of wily Russia ; and one reason, as re-
gards this country, is that, whilst our Ministers have always
handled iijae question as one of only secondary impGrtance,
the Russian statesmen have been giving their almost undi-
vided attention to it. They know the powers and the weak
points of every man upon the board—are always study'alg
the game and its eVery combination, whilst Lord Pab_ner-
ston and his worthy compeers content themselves with
throwing an occasional glance at the board, and making as
unmeaning move, called by themselves a tlemonstratiwi,
Demonstration, indeed ! unless it signify a demonstration of
their own incapacity and absurdity, I. larow not what it does
demonstrate. The time for saving Tnr),cey by demonstztious
is long since passed. Whilst we are shilly-shallying Russia is
at work in good earnest ; and I d.. 0 not see that sufficient at-
tention is paid to the way she b.as been, and still is, labouring to
gain to her intereststheCre'ak population of European Turkey.
Russia is preparing ; .lier troops are being hourly augmented
in'the Crimea, in Ffsessarabia, at Silistria, and yet our de-
monstralicms are. confined to Malta and Corfu! Our -Mi-
nisters, if they wish to avert the evil, should not sleep until
they have ordered a protecting British force to the Bos-
phorus. Once there our diplomatists may take up every
point of the question at their leisure, and if they think
of negotiating before, they will cut y sorry figure in the
end you may depend upon it. It. Russia get the start
of'them in deeds all is lost. If they get the start of
Russia, they will have tvery thing their own way, and
may just make of the (reeks the use the Russians would
have made of then, If such be their will. I will repeat,
that whoever is first at Constantinople it will be riat
Power which will gain all her 'views. We have no time to
lose.

Don Carlos continues uninterruptedly to bold his court
in the little town of Onate, the seat of the administration
ancl ministerial departments, and depot of the grand park of
artillery, Whilst he remains perfectly tranquil in this ca-
pital of insurrection, the Carlists are continually insulting
the lines of the constitutional troops, and the latter, not.
withstanding the superiority of the forces, '(.lare not, or are
not able to, penetrate into the quarters of the Carlists, The
ditTc;ient generals, the numerous plans and modes of attack,
have all failed up to the present day,
So strange a state of filings may be accounted for on
casting a gizmo° at the physical and peculiar position of the
country in question.

The Carlists occupy an extent of territory of about 30
square leagues, comprised between the boundary of the
Pyrenees, the Arga, the Ebro, and the Ocean, aud wbich
extends westward to the thy of Orduna, frequently in their
hands. The middle of this territory is traversed by a large
link of the Pyrenees, the principal towns on this line form-
ing a kind of circle, and many of them leading into valleys
which descend towards the plain of Vitoria, tbo suburbs of
Pampeluna, and in the direction of the Argo and the Ebro,
and that of San Sebastian and Whoa. All the streams
which terminate at these points came from sources at the
central group of very:high mountains. Segura, Cegama,
()nate, Salinas, and Ochandiano fix the direction of the
principal points of this group, and which command the sur-
rounding country.

Onate, situated upon a branch of the high road from T47,ay-
onne to Vittoria, occupies the centre of the above district,
and,consequently,well selected as a proper point:for a depo t,or
a reserve cores. The nature of the ground will authorise us to
say that the Carlist Government is then Mu: the spider in the
centre of his web, cautiously engaged in watching every
motion which luay take place at the extremities. The
principal man of mountains, in consequence of the radi-
ating direction of the secondary links, makes this country
an immense fortress, from which its troops may sally out un-
expectedly, and in order to execute some bold attack. This
central position gives the Carlists another important advan- '
tage, namely, of being able to proceed 'en
ahortcA road from the centre TO the circumference, whilst
the coustitutional troops are obliged to take long and fati-
guing rounds, and wearisome marches, which exhaust their
strength, and kil! them without the aid of the sword.
It is now nearly a year since Don Carlos has remained
undoubted master of this territory, and that the Constitu-
tionalists have limited their efforts to maintaining the cir-
cular line upon which they have retired. The engagements
which have taken place upon this line have never produced
any particular result. It will be easily conceived that such
a conviction of internal security must have favoured the or-
ganization of the Carlist army, increase their resources, and
principally their tnnrai strength. Everything we stated in
the article. of the 7th of October, and which created so
opacli noise, and led to so many protests—everything we
explained at that period r4ittve to the affairs of Navarre
has become from day to day more incontestable by the pro-
longatioq a the same state of things up to the present.
It having been proved by three disastrous campaigns that
It was impossible to suppress the insurrection upon its own
ground, the canstitutionalists have determined to put it
down by A blockade, and that which was a matter of fatal
nceeasity has become a regular system. Such is the new
plan which has been followed for some months, and which
was discussed and adopted by the Cabinet of Madrid.
With this view the Commander-;:a.Chief Cordova has
displayed wonderful activity ;le continued to manoeuvre
during the whole of *l-..ns winter, but it is difficult to say
what fatality t'as constantly frustrated his best-laid plans.
For in
..ance, on the 16th inst., having_ collected more than
, •
:a.1,000 men at Vittoria, he attempted an important move-
ment, namely, to destroy the central position of the Carlists,
by taking possession of Guebarra, Salinas, and Villareal
d'Alava, small towns within a circle of three leagues upon
the line of Arlaban. The triple attack was to have been
executed by General Evans on the right, by General Ber-
nelle and the Algiers Legion on the centre, and by General
Espartcro on the left ; the sappers and miners, with the re-
serve corps of artillery, to follow the columns, in order to
fortify and arm the different points they intended to take.
The plan was well conceived ; for the occupation of
Guebarra would have given the key to the Borunda, by the
occupation of Salinas they would endanger Onate, and by
that of Villareal they would have cut off the shortest com-
munication which the Carlists have with Biscay. the
blockade was on the point of gaining three leagues of thi;
ground, besides the above three important positions. Their
forces were superior to those of the enemy, whom they were
on the point of taking by surprise ; probably in the heat of
attack they might have passed the utmost defiles of Arlaban,
and such success might have impelled them to the very
gates of Onate! This was the hope entertained at head-
quarters, where the Minister of War, Count Almodovar,
was then present, and with whom the above mode of attack
was concerted. As this was the first important operation
undertaken for the previous six months, the greatest care
and preparation were resorted to, The Commander-in-
Chief and the Ministet of War both addressed the army in
pompous and emphatic harangues. Despatches were sent
off to Madrid intimating that a grand and decisive blow was
about to be struck, and the Spanish journals announced (llv
anticipation) a certain victory.

One of the despatches of Count Pozzo di Borgo, as it
has appeared in the Por?folio, has been indifferently trans-
lated into Turkish in London, and a few copies lrave been
circulated here. They have made a great noise,, and had
the translation been good, or at least inte4gible, they
would have made much more. I doubt, however, their
doing much gond, because the Turks Are already fully
awake to the designs of Russia, whose bonds they will
" burst with a voice of thunder" if an opportunity be only
afforded them. It is not pamphlets we want, but affect.
On the nh instant a most dreadful accident occurred.
here. About 460 artillerymen, workmen, and others, had
been employed sir: weeks in preparing fireworks for the ap-
proaching marriage, in a large building; attached ",o
barakhare, at ILllcsi uuy, MIL UI UUT SUMMS;
o'clock in the afternoon a loud explosirm was heard, and it
was soon perceived that, by sumo mishap, the poWder,
rockets, and combustibles lead ignited. The roof was
blown-up into the air, and. ti-se remainder of the building
was levelled with the grour,d. The number of lives lost has
not been ascertained ; those who were not killed are sadly
hurt, and many of . tham will not survive the injuries they
have received. The first day SO mangled bodies were re-
moved for int,erment, and among them those of a Lieute-
nant-Colonel, a binhashi, and eight officers of engin.eers.
After tire first confusion had subsided, it was found, that
an adjoining building was in flames, but this was got under
wi.ihout difficulty. How the accident originates} is not
known, as none of those who may have perecivea_ it live to
tell the tale. It was evidently imprudent to seep on the
premises all the fireworks that had been Ina.nufacturcd by
so many hands in forty days. All the irprkish Ministers
were in close council when the explosion was heard—the
Council was broken up, and they hastened to the spot in
time to superintend the getting under of the fire that had
commenced in the other builditig. Said Pacha, to honour
whose marriage the fireworks were preparing, was so much.
Pffeeted at the news, that he covered his face with his
hands, and fled to his private apartment to give vent to his
sorrow. I fear the loss of lives has been greater thr,n its
yet appears.

It has transpired that when Colonel Campbell t:iresented
the famous firman to Mehemet Ali, he promised perfect
obedience, and assured the Colonel that he neve:• intended,
in administering the provinces under his convartnd, to do any
thing that could merit the censure of tiAe Porte ; and yet
by letters from Syria of the 15th ult. iv• 4 learn that Ibrahim
Pacha was talking openly of his hosf.:te projects against the
Sultan, and boasting of the caeasur,ep, he had taken to secure
a successful campaign

Advices from Alexandrir, a the 13th, state that Mehe-
met Ali was in such a 110;i-rid humour at the turn things had
taken, that he had mire than one of his officers bastinadoed.
to death for the twist trifling faults, and that to gratify his
disposition to cruelty.

What was the result ? The execution of the 'plan failed.
The attack from the centre was the only One which suc-
ceeded ; they kept possession of a rid.-6.c of Arlaban. But
the Carlists, to whom Ow 1OP': of this principal link of
mountains was a =siAloto I.ess, attacked this position on the
followin4 days tilld carried it at the point of the bayonet.
SkisequentPlf wa,s found necessary to order the consti-
tntion9.7, force's back to Vittoria. The want of success is
to be attributed to the concerted movement of the triple
attack not having been executed at the appointed hour,
one of the divisions having separated from the others in
order to pursue some guerillas, a circumstance which gave
the enemy time to bring up a reinforcement. The famous
affair of Arlaban excited a feeling of discord amongst the
staff of the Constitutional -Army, and gave rise to jealous
and recrimination amongst the generals employed on that
occasion. However, this did not prevent the publication of
splendid reports upon the above affair, no doubt for the
purpose
of forming a supplement to the triumphant retreat
of Salvaticrra. The despatches affirmed that the troops
were unable to maintain their positions oa account of the fog !
Alter this fruitless effort, the Commander-in-Chief pro-
ceeded to Pampoluna, going round by Logrono, accompp.--,
;lied always by the Algiers Legion, the Royal GN,av4l,, and
the hest troops, with the intention of raitiu,g, the nortk-rn
vallies in favour of the Queen's cwaiko, and fortifyi.74 some
important positions. It w;)3.be recollected that he even
went to St. deanviod.de-Port, in France, where he had an
illtoA*A, with the head of the staff, and of tho division of
ohs.q.vation. On his return to Spain he was confined to the
highest vallics in. consequence of the masses of snow which
obstructed all the roads,•ands 'rendered further operations
impracticable his emlitions were thus paralyzed during a

The Timahoe Estate, near to 'Dublin, which has
so long.been announced in our columns for sale, by auction
next Saturday in Dublin, was sold yesterday -by Mr.
Gorge Robins, by private contract. The rental. is 2,500/. a
year, and it is said to have produced 70,0001. - Colonel Close
is the purchaser.

We are sorry to learn that the -gather of Mr. Per.se,
M. P. for South Durham, is so ill that his recovery is hopeless.
On this account the lion. Gentleman was, for a -few days be-
fore the present recess, excused from attendance in Parlia-
ment, and is now attending the sick-bed of his venerable and
afflicted parent.—Durham Chronicle.

Upwards of 100 sail of vessels were at anchor in
Pcnarth Roads, on Tl.'.ursday, waiting a fair wind.
LYNIINGTOM, APRIL 2.—We anticipate a scene
of gaiety to mar pleasant little town during this month, in con-
sequence bf the King's Stag Hounds being about to arrive at
Lyndl-urst for the purpose of hunting .in the New Forest.
i4ORD BRUDENELL.—AIthough we do not often
hear much from our Representatives, one ol' them, Lord
Brudenell, has been the subject of rather an, Unenviable im-
portance in the House of Commons this week. Doubtless,
"it is pleasant to see one's name in print," in some eases,
though this might rather be an exe4tion. This is the mark
whose practices arc " revolting. co every proper and honour-
able feeling of a gentleman," who is to be placed in command
over the gentlemen who may unfortunately belong to the 11th
—this is the man whose practices are " certain to create dis-
union, and to be most injurious to his Majesty's service," who
is to wield almost irresponsible power over the men whose
union and subordination are essential to the honour and safety
of his Majesty's crown and dignity. And why ? Because be
is a Tory. Of Lord Brudenell, as a legislator, much need.
not be said ; all the world knows how he went to Parliament
as the Farmers' friend, plodged to the abolition of the Malt
Tar—all know how when rebuked by the renowned member
for Derbyshire, he reversed his mission.—Northompton
Chronicle.

WQ, WA week noticed the melancholy accident wh;ch
clooasioneci the death of the Rev. J. Chambers, Rector of
Spernall. We have this week to record a still more afflicting-
circumstance in the dietr44 d7.`, the nephew of that Rev. gentle-
man, the Rev. Thor,-.45 Mon:tiers, Vicar of Studley. The!
Rev. gout/email ras much afflicted by the death of his uncle.;
;v44 s.tae ttit event there has occasionally been a marlled
ceeeutr;-:ity of manner observable. On Monday morning last
ho 7eceived a letter from his sister, residing at or near Oxford,
and soon afterwards he went out, omitting, contrary to his
usual custom, to state at what time he might be expected home._
Not returning in the evening, his friends became alarmed, :IA
search was made in every direction for him. About Live
o'clock on Tuesday afternoon, the body was discovered quite
dead, floating in a mill stream, between Studley and Spernall,
and on the bank of the stream, a short distance from where the,
body was found, were lying an umbrella and pair of gloves be-.
longing to the Rev. gentleman, as well as the letter mentioned:
above, which was unopeued.— Worcester Herald.
