The Anniversary•of the Ch shire Whig Dinner
was held at the Ooyal Hotel on Friday last. Be-
tween Ofty and sixty gentlemen sat down to dinner.
Mc Chair was filled by G. Tolle4 Esq., supported
on the right by tar) Gret'verior, and on the left by
Ralph Leicestei73 Esq.; G. W. Wood, Esq., of
Martel-sesm., acted as Vice-chairman. Among the
tvitrnbers present, we noticed the Rely. E. Stanley,
the Rev. W. Shepherd; Foster Cunliffe, Esq., Mr.
Cottinghame the barrister, and though last not least,
Old Rytey, the author of the " Itinerant," who, near
no years of age, appeared to be in the " vigour of
youth," and to be highly interested by the various
speeches which were delivered. In the course of
the afternoon a preparatory Meeting was held, at
which it was resolved to discontinue for the future
any stated meetings or dinners of the Club, and a
Committee was appointed, empowered to call it to-
gether again whenever its meeting was deemed de-
sirable or necessary. The dinner was placed on the
table about six o'clock, and reflected great credit on
the taste of. Mr. Tomlinson ; the wines and fruits
being of the most delicious kind.
After the cloth had been drawn, and Non nobis
Donzine sung by the professional gentlemen in at-
tendance,
The CHAIRMAN gave—
" The King."--" God•save the King."
" The Royal Family, and may they never forget the
principles which placed the House of Brunswick on the
Throne."
" The essential form of Liberty—a full, fair, and free
representation of the people in the Commons House of
Parliament."
" The memory of Charles James Fox."
" The strong hold of Liberty—a Free. Press."
Lord GROSVENOR rose to propose the health of
their Worthy Chairman, and in doing so prefaced
the toast with a long speech, in which he glanced
at most of the subjects now of political import,
and of general interest. Events were now occur-
ring in the country of so ultra a description, that
he neither could nor would be silent. It was
under the circumstances to which he alluded neces-
sary that the principles which the Club was formed
to support, and which were contended for by their
ancestors at the revolution, should be fearlessly as-
serted. In his opinion, principles, and not names,
ought in these days to be their guide; for states-
men, however glorious or consistent one part of
their public lives might be, were given to change,
while principle remained the same. The Noble
Earl then took a cursory view of the state of Ire-
land, and the false inferences which had been at-
tempted to be drawn against the Catholic Relief
Bill, from the existence of recent disturbances. It
was absurd to suppose that the immediate effect
of passing that Act would be a new state of affairs,
in a country which for years had been torn by dis-
sension. The principal thing now required for Ire-
land was the establishment of poor laws. He did
not mean by this the introduction of our system,
but an improved and amended one, suited to the
circumstances, and tending to ameliorate the un-
fortunate and destitute condition of the peasantry
in Ireland. The next subject of general interest,
and which he (Lord G.) believed would engage the
attention of the Government and the Legislature,
was the abolition of slavery in our West India
colonies. If the country would only support Mi-
nisters, he was sure they were in earnest upon
this subject. It became the whole to speak as
with one voice through their representatives. As
it respected Parliamentary Reform, he (Lord G.)
was friendly to the transfer of the franchise from de.
cayed boroughs or large towns ; and if Manchester
and other towns could not be represented by this
mode, he was of opinion that a distinct Act should
be passed, conferring this right upon them.--
(Cheering.)—The Noble Earl went on to express
his conviction that it was the intention of Ministers
to exercise economy in the management of our re-
sources. The Duke of Wellington, although he
had been appointed Warden of the Cinque Ports,
was not to receive the salary; neither was the Re-
ceiver-General; and it was further more generally
understood, that the office of Justice General in
Ireland, when next vacant, was to be finally abolished.
As it respected affairs in the East, he was under no
apprehension of danger from the Russians, although
by this time no doubt peace had been signed within
sight of Constantinople. If they attempted to take
possession of Turkey, the very extension of their
power would occasion them to fall to pieces. The
Noble Lord concluded by saying, that he thought
that within the last few years things had taken a
great turn in favour of this country; and he hoped
Ministers would seize the present opening of fixing
our prosperity upon a permanent basis.

The CHAIRMAN expressed himself highly gratified
by the manner in which his health had been drunk.
For a number of years, when attending the meetings
of the Club, he had been accustomed to join to the
expression of public regret on the state of public
affairs. It so happened, however, that it was now
his good fortune to have a subject for congratula-
tion in the granting of Catholic emancipation.—
(Cheers.)—They now lived in times when there
were not the same party distinctions as formerly;
for in his opinion there was little difference between
a Whig and moderate Tory. There was, however,
another party which had recently arisen in the
country, who had before lived in a covered way,
but had never been properly discerned until modern
times—he meant the Ultra Tories. They might,
indeed, be more aptly 'termed Ultra Constitu-
tionalists; for they were violent either one way or
the other. They had, however, one peculiar cha-
racteristic, which was, that they entertained the
most profound veneration for the wisdom of their
ancestors to the disparagement of their own.—
(Laughter.)—They were of a description of men
who opposed wheels and waggons because they
interfered with sledges and pack-horses, and disap-
proved of canals for the carriage of merchandize,
because it interfered with the old-fashioned mode of
carriage on roads.—(Laughter.)—They were men,
who, in power, advocated the divine right of Kings,
and now they are out of power declare that if the
King, with the consent of his Council, grants civi,
rights to 6,000,000 of his subjects, Englishmen'
will be dissolved from their allegiance. Formerly'
if you mentioned the abuses of the Church, these
Church and King men said you were radicals, and
now they are abusing the clergy as the most worth-
less creatures on the face of the earth. Mr. Toilet
then reviewed the measures of Mr. Canning's admi-
nistration, and dwelt at considerable length on the
credit due to the Duke of Wellington, for the re-
peal of the Test and Corporation, and the Catholic
disabilities. In conclusion he hoped that now the
attention of the Ministry was in a degree diverted
from the all-absorbing question, they would turn
their attention to find some new market for their
goods. Our powers of production were much
greater than our means of consumption, and it was
extremely desirable that India and China should be
thrown open to our merchants.—(Cheers.)
" The Whig Club of Cheshire, and by steadfastwas and
unanimity may it continue to promote the cause of ra-
tional liberty."

" The cause of Civil and Religious Liberty all over the
world."

" The health of Lord Grosvenor."
His Lordship returned thanks, and gave " The
health of the Vice-President."
Mr. WOOD said he felt highly honoured by being
placed in the distinguished situation he then occu-
pied. He could not, however, deny himself the
