FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.
(From the Supplement to the Messager the Chambres
of Tuesday, Oct. 5.)
RSEILLES, sv.rr. 25.

TIMATITA WIT}( TUE ?AMA OF Timm.' AND THE

TILT OF TUNIS•

The Chamber of t.;ommerce hastens to acquaint the
merchants and shipowners with the fortowing letter which
it has just received from the Minister of Foreign Affairs:

PARIS, SIP'. 20.

" Gentlemen,—The Department of Foreign Affairs,
when it gave you, by a letter of the 12th Mardi, some
explanations respecting our relations with the States of

the coast of Africa, announced that these relations with
the Government of Tripoli were precarious, and etulan-
. .

gered, in consequence of the insults which had forced the
Cotpal-Getteral of France to quit his post. The expedi.

tion to Algiers, by drawing the attention of the French
Government almost exclusively to the latter point, sus-
pended the execution of the measures which it proposed
to adopt, in order to obtain satisfaction for its causes of
_ .

complaint against the Paths of Tripoli. Hut as soon as
the conquest of Algiers was set Item... Admiral floss-
. .

mei was ordered to proceed to Tripoli with a divi►ion of
our naval fora, lo demand such satisfaction, and to oh.

tain it by arms, if the Tripolitan Government should re-
fuse to subscribe to the terms which were to be imposed
upon it, and in the sum of which the French Government
had endeavoured to combine. the redress of its own
grievances with the satisfaction which the general inte-
rests of Christendom also required.
" This mission has been attended with complete sue-
cess. The Pachs of Tripoli, without our being Obliged to
compel him by force, sigma!, on the 11th of last month, a
Treaty, by which, expressly disavowing the calumnies of
which the Consul of France had been the subject, he has
engaged to write to the King a letter of apology with re-
gard to the circumstances which led to the retirement of
that agent, and to► pay the sum of 800,000 francs to make
good the demands which the French had against the Re-
gency of Tripoli. These two condition' have been already
fulfilled; the letter of excuse, conceived in the nua.t ex-
plicit terms, was immediately delivered to Admiral Rosa-
mel, and the Paella at the same time placed in his bands
the half of the stipulated 800,000 francs, as well as a bond
for 400,000 payable on the 20th of December next.
" Ity other articles of the Treaty the Paella formally re-
nounces for himself and his successors the right of sending
out emitters against any Christian power which, being at
tear with the Regency, should on its part also abstain
from the exercise of this right against Tripolitan merchant-
men. He renounces no less expreisly any augmentation

. .
of the actual number of his shipi of war, a list of which
has been delivered to UP. He abolishes in his dominioni
the slavery of the Christians, the tributes, presents, or
dues, under whatsoever name imposed on European Go.
vernrnents, and the monopoly of commerce. He binds
himself not only to give to foreign vessels which may be
wrecked on the coast of the Regency the necessaiy assist-
ance and succour, hut also to make good the value of the
effects or merchandize which may have been pillaged, and
to pay fines as a reparation for the murders, which may
have been committed on persons belonging to the crews of

those ships.
" The lley of Tunis, by a treaty signed on the Bth of
August, bad contracted engagements absolutely identical
with the above, and this double event has worthily com-
pleted the results which the expedition had already enabled
us to obtain in the interest of humanity and civilization.
" I have tilt oght it my dot:, . 7rntlemen, to acquaint
t • King has entirely

. • sewing' our relations
with the Regency of Tripoli, has the advantage of putting
an end to the uncertainties and fears which the French

merchants might still feel respecting the dispositions

.. .. .. .
that regency. The King will very shortly appoint the
Omani-General and Charge d'Affaires, who is to repre-
sent hint at Tripoli, and to protect there the interests of

France.

" As for Tunis, you know that our relations with tha
State had not ceased to he satisfactory, and it it anlelytt

the means of amicable negociation that the French Go•
•ernment bed judged proper to owe, the conclusion of the
treaty to which the Hey has subscribed."
(Front La Revolulion de 1930, Oct. 3.)

Eversinee the great and noble insurrection of the Bel-
gians began, we have constantly expressed our opinion
that the best thing these rename patriot* could do was, if
they failed to obtain from the King whom the Holy Alli-
ance had imposed on them the independence of their country,
to proclaim a republic. The enjoyment which they so
long possessed, and the remembrance which they still have
of their ancient rights, make them well fitted to govern
themselves. Besides, in spite of all appearances to the con-
trary, this is the only means of preserving the repose of
Europe.
"Separation front the House of Nassau-Orange is now
declared. Where can they procure a new King? This
is just such another question as that which now occupies
the attention of Europe relative to Greece, and the em-
barrassments which that has occasioned are well-known ;
and, in spite of all the diplomatic ingenuity in the world,
it would be numb more difficult to conciliate the various
interests on such A point with respect to Belgium. But
negntiations, which would only give rise to rivalry among
the different Powers, the victims of which the Belgians
would be, must not he dreamed of.
" Ilaion with France is equally imposailtle ; for if a
union took place, another European war would bumf-
slistely burst out, and the French people would be again
accused of ambition. Besides, I do not think such a
measure would be to the interest of the Belgians. They
are in many respects more advanced than we in practical
liberty. They hate it in their power to adopt repob-
limn forms with great facility ; and it would he too ge-
nerous in them to let slip the opportunity, since we could
not refuse to maintain their independence by every means
in our power. Not to mention the revolutionary and po-
litical sympathy, which would make it our duty to do so,
considerations of policy, and the physical interests of
France, would claim our support. It is highly important
that the strong places of Belgium, constructed in hatred
of us by the Holy Alliance, should be in the hands of a
people who possess no aggressive power ; and who may be
friendly tons, but cannot well he so to the rest of Europe.
" The adoption of a Government, republican anti inde-
pendent, would thus conciliate all interests, This mode
of government might frighten the great Powers; but we
leave it to the brave Belgians to prove that it is calculated
to preserve public order, as well as the peace of the Con-
tinent, if diplomacy will only regard it in its true aspect."
(Prom the Constitutionne/ of Oct, 4.)

" It is a trite raying that in artier to have peace a
nation must prepare for war. Never lute the application
of this proverb been more just than it is now, Our Go.
vermnent is acknowledged by several great Powers, but
there are several also, who, after having manifeeted their
adheeitia, hesitate to perform all the usual diplomatic for-
malities. The events of the Low Countries are evidently
the cause, though not avowed, of this hesitation. We
would fain believe that our Ministers have not failed to
sneak a language consonant with the French feelings on
title; pint. * * * When, alto rri years of peace, a
great and brave people feel the blood of freedom flow in
their veins, the English and Prussian Powers had better
take care how they awaken the remembrance of Waterloo
and of the capitulation of Paris.
" We have sacrificed, from a love of liberty, all hope of
returning to what was for a long time called our natural
frontiers—the limits of the Mine ; let not imprudent
interference mire in a million of young men, ready to be-
vonto soldiers, the ardour of indeprodenes.'' The military
of France via oui slump able to conciliate I
epeasantry of
ell ecuctrive r the onted eitive
talc
will not be leaves eloquent
when addressing people oppressed y
neighbenriag tyranny." an aristocracy .1);
(From the Temps. Oct. 8. )
" The question of the internal organtaation (of Itelgium)
whit* is being resolved at thievery imaum*, thanks totht
• activity and the energy of the Provisional Government, is
the great guarantee which would prevent the Powersfrorn
interfering in the affairs of that country ; and from select.
ing it as the focus of a general conflagration, which might
have been raised by wrong measures. It is essential to

Austria, to Prussia, to England, and to Rue►ia, that thr
Netherland should not fall into the hands of France; that

the Belgians should promptly have a national government.
and that those restless powers, who watch each other with
no less anxiety than they observe us, should remain un-
moved. They have, besides, more than one motive for
not breaking the general peace. The edifice of the Holy
Alliance in already fallen down from age, and the least ad.
ditinnal shock wou'd reduce it to (boa. (Alter quoting
the Act of the Provisional Government from the journal
at Brus►els, which we have already published, the writer
proceeds to make the following remarks on If the
Bright provinces were promptly constituted on these bases,
there is no doubt that once released from the Dutch, and
free as far as the Scheldt, their independence would be re-
spected.
It is not front us, certainly, that any interference
would proceed. France has abjured all ambition to ensure
the triumph of the principle of noninterference which
she claims to he acted on with regard to herself. At this
very moment she is probably paying the consequence of
that principle in the shape of nine rich and populous pro.
vinces. Europe must perceive, that when France denies
herself the least participation in what excites so much
sympathy among her citizens, she has a right to expect the
same sacrifices on the part of other Powers. The whole
world cannot fail to appreciate the conduct of a people
who manifested such a decided disposition never to allow
themselves to be conquered even in generosity."

SOUTHWARK ELECTION.--The near ap.

proach of the meeting of Parliament has caused great
activity among the electors of Southwatk. Lord JOHN
It usset,Os supporters have abandoned the field, his Lord-

ship baring declined to take his scut if elected. The re-
maining candidates are Mr. CALvitivr, the ex-Member,
awl Mr. FARNCOIIII. The former still refuses to canvass.

ilia partisans are nevertheless exerting themselves to pro.
cure his return. Mr. l'anwcosta's pretensions are, that
as a resident he is well acquainted with the local interests of
the borough, and would always be accessible, and that he
is neither Whig nor Tory, but resolved to advocate eco-
nomy and- modenve reform. By waiting personally on
every elector, the latter gentleman has become very pu.
polar, and his friends appear sanguine of success.

The Address to the KING, got up by the
Political Council in this town, has been presented to his
MAJEsTr. A correspondence bet Ween Mr. Arrwoon, Sir
lIELIDERT TAYLOR, and Sir ROBERT PEEL, on the subject
of its presentation, has been published, from which it ap-
pears that Mr. Ameooo, as Chairman of the meeting nt
which it was voted, addressed Sir Hutturwr TAYLOR,
expressing a desire that it might be presented to his MA-
nsrr perionally by a deputation, " as the inhabit ►nta of
Birmingham considered the address as very important,"
and they thought it ." their duty to take e•pecial care that
it was safely delivered into his MAJESTY'S own hands."
To this communication Sir Haanswr replied, that his
MAJasTv could not personally receive the address by de-
putation ; and Mr. Aprwoon was referied to the usual
channel, the office of the HOME SECRETARY. Mr. Are.
wool), Mr. Senora:m.l.n, and Mr. eIfAELES JONES, ac-
cordingly waited upon Sir ltonaeT Prat. at Drayton, on
Saturrhy ac'uniglit, and the Hon. Baronet promised to
present it at the earliest opportunity. On Thursday last
Sir Romtwr replied as follows to Mr. ATTWOOD
Whitehall, Sept. 29. Sir, I beg leave to acquaint you
that-I have laid before the Km; the address which you
placed in my hands for that purpose, entitled the Ad-
dress of the Inhabitants of the town of Birmingham, in
town's meeting assembled.' (Figned) ' It. PEEL'
Virmiag4am Gazette. -

BOHARM SusrEwslow BRIDOE.—We are
happy in being able to inform our readers, that the works
at the Bottum Suspension Bridge over the Spey, are now
so far completed that the bridge was passable for foot-pas.
sengers no Wednesday last, and will be opened in a week
two for general communication. The roads of approach
are-in the same state of forwardnek. it has been carried
on throughout under the auspices of Captain SAMUEL.
Bitow?t, R.N., the inventor and patentee of the Suspen-
sion Bridge, and the design of this one is such as to re-
fleet the highest credit en that gentleman. The establish-
ment of this medium of intercourse between the counties
of Banff and Moray, will be of signal advantage to the
cnonunity..--E'yin Courier.

A French Paper, in presenting its readers
with a translation of a paragraph from the Dorset Chro-
nicle, relating the sporting feats of the Ex-King of FRANCE
and his son, renders the passage " the Duke and hie father
have taken out the usnal certificates" as follow* ;—" they
take care to have certificates given them of the number of
head of game they kill."

When GEORGE I. landed at Greenwich, the
inhaliitints, after discussing the subject of which was the
highest honour they could confer upon the newly-arrived
Sovxnardw, determined upon electing him Churchwarden,
which was accordingly done. A dispute, however, after-
wards took place in the vestry as to whether he who was.
elected to serve the office of King could serve the office of
Churchwarden at the same time !—.Kentish Gazette.

A letter was received here on Thursday from
Aberdeen, stating thy arrival there of two vessels, one
from Shetland, and the other from the Orkneys, bringing
accounts from both places up to so late a date as Saturday
week, the With ult., at which time no arrival nor any in-
telligence whatever had been received at either place from
the Davis's Straits whale fishery.---Hull Packet.
AFFAIR OF HONOUR BETWEEN LORD
BINGIIAM AND MAJOR FITZGXRALD.—The intense mi-
-1 riosity of the military and fashionable world relative to
this singular and hitherto mysterious affair will, we are

informed, be amply gratified on Saturday next, by the
publication of all the letters and documents in the COURT
JOURNAL, together with an exact statement of what took
place on the ground, &c.
We understand no doubt remains as to the
successor of our present respected diocesan. Dr. Putt.
eons, the Dean of Chester' it is said, will be consecrated
the latter end of this munth, and will arrive hero at the
Christmas recess.—Western Luminary.

REVOLUTIONARY DUELS.—Yesterday a
hostile message was conveyed by Mr. PL—x—rr front
Mr. O. G• 11/—, M.P., to Mr. 11---e—Tr, a learned
contemporary of ours, in consequence of an article which
appeared in the newspaper of which he Is proprietor,
condemnatory of the M.P.'s conduct ut the great French
meeting. Mr. D., however, declined meeting the Hon.
Gentleman, alleging as a sufficient excuse for his non:
acceptance of the polite invitation, that one political man
hoil a right to censure the political conduct of another, and
the more particultaly when that conduct was not In..ac-
cordance with the feeling* of the great body of the people ;
end that under them circumstances he did net think it at
all necessary to tight. With this answer the messenger
departed. The " affair," in the mean time, transpired
and came to the knowledge of the Magistrates of College.
street division, who issued warrants for the apprehension
of the Hon. Gentleman and his friend ; but up to a lase
hour last night they were non eat.—Suunderes News
Letter.

AraccDoTE aY GEORGE the course
of some alterations in the Pavilion at Brighton, it was
determined one small chamber should be fitted up in the
Chinese style. There had been imported, many years he-
fore, a very beautiful paper, the running pattern of which
was some plant On which a variety of small birds were
most delicately painted ; the letter had been separately cut
out, end most carefully placed away. It was decided
that these birds should he appropriated to the decoration
of the walls of the new room r but the birds were flown
—at any rate they were' not to he found. Those only
who have lived in Palaces can conceive the dilemma in
which the .Iloyal Household may be placed when a want
is expressed that must he gratified. From the Lord Cham-
berlain down to the last page, the universally agitating
question Was..." What can have become of the birds?"---
A charged B with carelessness, and so on through the
whole alphabet. The pen of Dean. SWIFT alone could
have adequately described the woful countenances of the
parties concerned, and recorded the doleful dialogumeon
the Chinese chamber. At length Mr. ------, an old, deaf,
and almost superannuated servant, observing the confusion,
inquired the cause, and being informed, safely observed,
" I warrant one you have not asked de Prince !" His
comrades took the hint, and represented to his Royal
Highness the fruitless hunt whirl' they had had after the
small game, when the Prince at once exclaimed, " Oh,
what heads !.....why, I would find them in the ‘lark ! They
were cut out by Mrs. --, and most carefully, as it
should seem, placed in her custody, and locked up in the
drawer of her Peinbroke table, where, doubtless, they
may still be found." A memenger was instantly despatched
from the Pavilion to Carlton House, and, In, there were
the birds 1• • ' '

On Wednesday mornina between four a

five o'clock, a barge 'deeply laden with deals, going down
the river at strong ebb,
,was, by the- rapidity of the cur-
rent, swept under th'etitern of a brig lying on the Outside of
the tier, immediately-below the tender. Front the vio-
lence of the .conettaitort she was immediately capsized,
when the greater portion of the timber floated out. Two
men 140 were ee -,baitrd her with difficulty saved their
by clambering; into the brig.
•

ANCHESTER and SALFORD AUXILIARY

BIBLE SOCIETY.

TWENTIETH ANNIVERSARY.

(FROM OUR MANCHESTER CORRESPONDENT )
This meeting possessed many features of peculiar inte-
rest, and was held on Wednesday last at the Town Hall,
King-street, Sir Oswatn MoSELEY, Bart. in the chair.
Soon after ten o'clock, from a thousand to fifteen hundred
Hof both sexes had congregated under the roof of that
splendid though hitherto unfinished edifice.
The CHAIRMAN said, it was about twelve months since
he had met the friends of the Bible Society in that place.
Since that time many changes had taken place. One gentle-
man in particular was lost to the Society by death—(Here
the worthy Baronet was much affected)—he alluded to the
late Rev. Mr. Roby. His zeal and ability in the cause
for which they were now assembled rendered his services
es invaluab'e as his loss was to be lamented. His elo-
quence bad been often conspicuous in the cause—but
that tongue was now mute ; the late worthy secretary
lay cold in the tomb. His place was however supplied
by another, who could not do better than travel in the
steps of his predecessor. Recent events had taken place
on the continent of Europe, which affected the objects of,
the Society, as connected with the foreign departments.
All was permitted by the will of Providence. Believers
look with confidence to the fulfilment of the prophesies.
He would observe, that it was not merely the possession
of the Bible that could make men good and virtuous, but
obedience to the word. Why was there so little vital re-
ligion in the world ? It was because we did not make
use of the means placed in our hands. We were too con.
(Went in ourselves, and looked too little towards the good-
Ile", greatness, and mercy of God. He trusted that
there would be on the present OCCIIBIOII a liberal subscrip-
tion, and the prayers of the meeting would be for

the prosperity of .the Society.
The 26th Report of the Pa►ent Society was read by the
Secretary, and then the 206 Report of the Manchester,
and Salford Auxiliary. The latter report began with la-
menting the death of the late Rev. Mr. Roby, spoke of his
zeal and his efforts under mortifying circumstances, and
eulogised his services, both to this and other benevolent
Societies. The Committee craved a blessing fur his suc-
cessor.

The Report proceeded to state that there was a want of
the Scriptures in this populous district, but there was an
inahtli►y to purchase ; it had, therefore, been deemed ad-
visable to allow the Ministers of various Societies, and per-
sons connected with charitable institutions, to purchase of
the Committee Bibles and Testaments nt the reduced prices.
In the course of the last year the Auxiliary Society had
disseminated 2,341 Bibles, and 2,616 Testaments, and
since its origin 94,963 volumes of the Sacred Writings.—
The annual account had not been made up, as some sub-
scripti►ons had not yet been received. But 7001. had been
paid in, exclusive of 2001. from the Ladies' Branch Society.
The Report was received with applause :
The following gentlemen, on moving and seconding
divers resolutions, afterwards addressed the meeting :
The Rev. W. ASTLICY CAVE called upon all present to
.

join with him in silent prayer for a hlming, and to lift up
their hearts for those called on to address them, that they
might speak as became the oracles of God. He trusted
that all would lift up their heath that they might hear
with pure spirit, and not sly, when departed from that
place, " Sur,ly God was there, lint I knew it not." He
bore an inere.ised attachment to the Siciety ; he believed
it had been an instrument in the hand of the great head
of the church to promote salvation. Great in the present
day was the spirit of infidelity—her prayers were curses—
her death was eternal. While we assemble to promote the
circulation of the Gospel to others, let us see that we ap-
preciate it at home. At present there were many moral
tracts, and even religious novels, and he thought there was
some danger to be apprehended lest these supmede in the
opinion of some the value of the word of God. 'An in-

mince of the value of that word occurred recently in his
own parish. A young woman, whose parents were Pro..
testants, went to the Catholic Chapel in Traff trd
Park. As a Pastor, he questioned her as to the re-
ligious instruction she received, and he prayed for
her. She afterwards attended his humble lectures in the

workhouse of the parish. lie called to her recollection
that passage of Scripture, wherein the people are intro-
duced as informing Jesus that his mother, and brethren,
and sisters, were waiting for him ; but he replied, " Who
is my mother, or my brethren, or my sisters ? He who
doeth the will of my Father which is in Heaven, the same
is my mother, my brother, and my sister." Now, if our
Saviour had intended that Heine honours should he offered
to the Virgin Mary, would he not have taken that oppor-
tunity to tell it to the multitude ? The young woman is
now returned to his day-school, and Martha borrows in-
structive books from the library, but prefers the Bible to
all others. He attributed his own preservation to his
having been brought up in the practice of reading the
Scriptures, which by the divine blessing make us wise
unto salvation. He trod the slippery paths of life, but
yet never forgot those portions of Sacred Writ which his
parents coerced him to learn while yet a child. They
were now the fore Most in his memory. He concluded by
exhorting parents to teach their children to read the Bible.
T. B. PLATT, El., Librarian to the Parent Society,
would take the present opportunity of imparting some in-
formation upon the subject which had originated the pre-
sent meeting. We were not met to argue on the necessity
of a wide circulation of the Scriptures—of that, all pre-
sent, no doubt, were convinced. It had been observed,
" the Heavens declare the glory of God, but not his will,
that is declared by the Scriptures." He then proceeded to
state some facts which had recently occurred for the infor-
mation of the company present. The operations of the
Missionaries had been characterised by exemplary good

me and moderation. It WM a diffictilt task to trAnklaie

the Scriptures into some of the Eastern languages, but the
exertions of the Alissionaries were good, and their plans
to get the best translators were well laid. It had been said
of the Society that it gave away Bibles to those who could
not read. This was not the ease, for the greatest care was
used tliatthe distribution should be beneficisl. Sbortex tracts
were at first given to those who asked for the Scriptures, to
prove their fitness for more; libraries for lending the sacred
volumes were established ; and if the readers afterwards
wished to have the Scriptures, they were sometimes ac-
commodated. He thought that by such a practice, and
the good conduct of the Missionaries, much benefit had
been conferred. Besides, a translation into languages so
different from the original, is so difficult a task at first,
that it seemed almost insurmountable; but the difficulty

is being gradually removed. Alluding to the eastern parts
of Europe, he said that Mr. Lees had been obliged to fly
from Constantinople; but the Society's affairs in that
quarter are now improving. Mr. Booker writes that he
can freely distribute the Bible by sale throughout Turkey.
He had sold 30 Hebrew Bibles, and as many Psalters, to
a Jew, who sent them to his brother in the Crimea.—
Mr. Booker had disposed of 900 Bibles at Smyrna; and
a Jew had ordered 500 more. The Jews have formed,
and are forming, Societies in London and other places, for
the purpose of reading the Scriptures—and, like the Ile-
Hans, are searching them. In the course of the last
year the Scriptures had been translated into five langnages,
in addition to the former ones. They had also been,
translated into the Mexican, New South Wales, Catalonian,
Breton, end Persian. The Persiiins never had the Scrip-
tures before in their own elegant langusg.,. The Bible
bad been translated into' the Micmac tongue ; but net
much could be done in that country; as that people
had been converted to the Roman Catholic faith,
and their priests opposed the Introduction of the Bible.
He could not predict what might- be the effect of the
late convulsions on the Continent, but he had no doubt a
door was now opened in France, as he who would have
closed it is now taken away. A week before his abdica-
tion, the Society had been pressed fur 20,000 Catholic
Bibles, but thought the number too large, now they would
be sent with 500 pocket testaments, He did not suppose
those who effected the revolution in France were actuated
by any motive of the kind, nor bad the pronu►lgation of
the Scriptures in view. The hawkers in France can now
sell the Scriptures freely, and press for supplies. The
Bible is wanting in Alsace for the sekoolmaetere there.—
In some pluses obstacles had been thrown in the way,
where prospects had at one time been bright. It was
grievous to see an order issued in Mexico by the Dean
and Chapter, associating the Sacred Volume with per-
nicious books end disgusting pictures, as being pro-
hibited because they did not contain the Apocrypha
and Romish notes, and yet the Scriptures offered them
were translated by a Spanish Catholic Divine. Never-
theless the Missionaries have distributed 1,284 copies of
the Scriptures in South America. A writer hail laid the
Society was inefficient; he wondered at the assertion,
when it was generally known that great good had been
effected through its inetru►nentulity, So scarce hail been
the Bible a few years since in India that an Officer holding
a Court-martial could not find one to swear the witnesses
on. If we could not boast of triumphs of conversion, yet
the Society has accomplished what it propostil—thegenerel
dissemination of Bibles, whereby much good has been (lone.
Three hundred thousand Bibles have been distributed at
home in the course of last yenr, Of which number 265,000
were in the English language, and the remainder in the
Welsh; Gaelic, &c. District visitings have been produc-
tive alma gam!. The Bishop of Bristol had contribtited
an annual subscription of 81. as. unsolicited., lie exhorted

all to put forth their strength, the call for exertion was
more than ever important.
The Rev. Mr. Nxwmr, late Missionary to Ceylon, ex-
pressed his oruningled satisfaction at what he had heard.
lie alluded to a letter which he received last night, which
mentioned the noble progress of the Bible Society in that
island. A supply of 5000 'Billies hall been disposed of,
Intl the truths they contained had taken deep root ►n the
hearts of the people. The enured volume lied been trans-
lated for their use into the Singalese and Hindu• Portuguese
languages. Archdeacon Glenny, who was at the head of
the Common Prayer-book and Homily Society, had sent
over 1400 copies; these had done much good, for there
is much of the Scripturea in the Book of Common Prayer.
He strongly advocated the second name of the Society
—" Foreign," end let it have the praise of all lands.
Much praise was due to the distributors of the Scriptures,
their adventures and proceedings would snake delightful
memoirs. Alluding to the translators of the Bible, he
related the following instance of a high priest, in Ceylon,
and a non-commissioned officer in an English regiment :--
A priest of Budhu, who lived in the jungles of Ceylon,
found a portion of Scripture in the Singalese language,
he took it to Mr. Clough, the Missionary, and after
some discussion with that :tenement be accepted
an invitation to attend family worship, and hear a
'notion of the New Tustament read anti explained. He
acknowledged that he only contended, that he might ob-
tain further information, and naked for a copy of the
Scriptures. The book of St. Matthew was given him.
That evening he was to commence performing a rite of
his religion, which consists in reading all night the le-
gend of Budha. He ascended the pulpit and read to the
assembled thousands, not the legend, hut the hook of
Matthew ! No one there lifted his hand against him, but
he was soon obliged to fly. He went to Archbishop
Twissliden and Mr. Clough, and after due time was by
them baptized. He was afterwards a Deacon of the
church, adorning his religion by an irreproachable life.
Many years of his life he spent in translating the Scrip-
tures, stiperintending the press, tool cot recting the proofs.
About 20 years ago there was a soldier with his regiment on
the rock of Gibraltar, and since eminently useful in trans-

feting the Scriptures into the European and other lan-
guages. He was by birth a Scotchman, and poosscased
great mental attainments, but was a stranger to the word
of God. He became an inquirer, and was converted.
He was drafted, with others, to Ceylon, where he ob.-

tained his discharge, and was elected head master of the
Grammar School. To this school the chief people of the
island sent their children for instruction. This man be-
came a translator of the Scriptures, then a Deacon, and
now in, full orders, having been ordained by Heber, the
late Bishop of Calcutta.
The Rev. HUGH STowrIL observed that we lived in
peculiar and astonishing times. God, he believed, would
overrule all for the general good and the glory of his great
name. There were indeed signs and wonders in the
earth, which reeled to and fro like a drunken man.
The leaves are seen to fall—the water ripples—the earth-
quake has been felt, preceding and ominous of the storm
which has overturned foreign thrones. God forbid that
the storm should extend to this land, which had not been

trodden by foreign Ines; neither had the fires of their
camps blazed upon our shores. This was owing to the
great mercy of God. Be not high minded, hut fear:—
tremble and fear, under the apprehension that we have
been ungrateful for pat mercies. There had been a
march of science and of intellect. But he would lay all
at the foot of the tiros* Let every thing be cursed which ,
would dethrone Christ to enthrone others. Our nation
had been compared to a pyramid, broad at the base—
it would stand firm if grounded on Christianity. He
called on his Christian friends, and the ladies in particular,
to assist in the cause of the Bible, so that infidels and de•
magognes should not have power to exereise dominion
over the poor. lie hoped that o'ir beautiful py-
ramid would remain firm. He wanted to see power
without oppression, and liberty without licentiousness.
NO man can say he has no 'need of the assistance
of others; dependence runs through all creation. There
is a gradation from beasts to men—from men to angels—
from angels to God. lie earnestly intreated the ladle, to
pursue with increased vigilance the work for the Bible
cause, their amiable and unobtrusive manners gave them a
readier entrance from cellar to cellar, and from cottage to
cottage. lie then related an affecting anecdote of a worthy
lady, afflicted with hydrophobia, whose intellect was clear
doting the progress Of this dreadful malady, who, in her
latest hours, had the interest of the Society most at heart,
and begged he would use his influence with the others to
supply her piece. The Rev. Gentleman concluded by a
solecnn appeal to the auditory fur the support of all.
The Rev, J. Gaterix trembled and exulted while on
the platform. The Society unites in its service men of the
greatest talents, and persons of all ranks. It is a cause
worthy of the mitre and the coronet. Till lately
it was
unsupported by the learned, and not patronized by the great.
There were great convulsions in the earth, and treat
changes going forward. God was not always in the whirl.
wind, or the storm, or the fire, but these oftentimes preceded
him, as the sword of the wheel* of his chariot, but he
was heard in the still small voice. In the present day
all classes felt disposed to think for themselves. Every
power and theme that is opposed to. God must be over.
turned, and every high thought shall he laid low. He
spoke, however, advisedly, when he said that he believed
there was an increase of religion in this country. He
looked not at the present agitations of the earth in a
favourable view, but at. the results, among which were an
opening for the dissemination of the Bible and the Gospel.
The Rev. Dr. CLumv, in moving the thanks of that
gentleman, highly eulogised him. The Society, however,
honours more than it is honoured—its glory will be disse-
minated throughout the world. The word of God is the
charter of our principles, our support through life, and our
hope in death. In distributing this book we were follow-
ing in the footsteps of the early reformers, who brought
the book which had long been hid from the eyes of men.
He hoped the ladies who pursued their glorious career
would go forward with Bibles in their hands and charity
in their hearts. He hoped the Bible would be read in all
schools, the parlour, and the drawing room. In this work
all denominations were united ; no minor difference in
creeds could make a difference here.
The Rev. Mr. Courts said that till the flood there
was no written word of God, and after that event to
one family only. After the Christian era, for many cen-
turies, the art of printing was not known, so that it was
but recently the Scriptures had been widely propagated.
Within the last thirty years six millions of Bibles had been
distributed by the Society. He could wish that meetings
like the present were opened with prayer for the Divine
blessing, for without that blessing no good could be ex-
pected. God may be dethroned by a Bible Society as well
as any other society, if we look not to Heaven for aid.
Mr. PLATT returned thanks,
Sir OttwaLn Alyssum said all would agree that there
had never been on such an occasion a more animated
meeting than the present. He admired the eloquence dis-
played, and listened attentively to the anecdotes related,
which he thought must have a good effect on the heart.
He trusted in God that the hunger and thirst after
righteownees would encrease, and that in giving liberty we
should have that freedom which became the eons of God.
He agreed as to prayer with the Rev. Gentleman, but
though there had been no public prayer, he trusted many
had offered up fervent prayer in the secret of their hearts,
which was equally as effectual. On the proposal or the
Worthy. Baronet, the company rose and sang, " Praise
God from whom all blessings sow." The blessing then
followed, and the company separated highly gratified with
the proceedings of the meeting.

On the arrival of the exiled Bourbons in
this country, it was reported that they intuttled to fix
their residence permanently in Saxony,. It is probable that
the events whisk have since taken plate in that country
may have induced_ them to change their plan. At least
we find it stated in the German papers received yesterday,
that a Baron XEszturna, an aide.de.catnp of Cuatturs
X. bud arrived at Vienna, and that the object of his mis-
sion is to obtsin an asylum for the Ex-King and his family
in the Austrian states. The well-known ultra, M. Dunow,
is also at Vienna, but it is said that be is there for no po-
litical purpose, and that he bas only visited that city on
his way to Italy. It must he admitted, however, that ise
has chosen rather% circuitous route !
The domestic elephant requires 200 lbs. of
aliment daily ; yet of these animals the Mogul Princes
kept a stud, and the Emperor Axaaa had 101 solely for
his own rifling.

CAUTION TO JEWELLERS.-•A great
.con-
sternation prevailed in a jeweller's workshop in this city
one day last week, in consequence of a valuable diamond
having been lost. All the men denied ally knowledge of
what bad become of the precious gem, and a general search
had proved fruitless ; when it occurred to the master that
the foreman kept a dog which was frequently about the
shop, and he thought the animal might have swallowed it.
Accordingly a hint was given to the foreman, the dog was
secured, and a powerful drastic purgative administered,
which produced the lost diamond, to the great satisfaction
of both master and nwn, who had been placed in rather
an awkward dilemina froM the circumstance. A piece of
ireo was also found with the diamond, which shows that
dogs are apt to swallow har,d substancen....Shejfield
