whilst he is wedged up by them, without any
effort being made by France and England to
compel the Holy Alliance Powers to withdraw
their support, we shall never hear of a final
treaty between Holland and Belgium. Well
might the Duke of ORLEANS say, in the letter
to his father, which we published a few days
ago, " J'ai acquis la certitude dans les rela-
tions que eu avec le corps diplomatique,
que LEOPOLD n'a rien « esperer des emirs du
Nord."

Since writing the above, we find by our City
Correspondent that the departure of M. DEDEL
has been postponed.

Our Parliamentary report informs us that Mr.
STANLEY'S resolution, establishing appientice-
ship instead of slavery in the West Indies, was
last night carried, after a division upon the
question of whether the words " for wages"
should be inserted. This was originally Mr.
BUXTON'S amendment, but he declining to press
it, that he might not appear in opposition to the
Government to which the emancipators were so
much indebted, Mr. O'CONNELL took it up,
but was defeated by a large majority. Mr.
STANLEY then proposed the next resolution,
which was to grant 20 millions instead of 15
millions to the planters as compensation. The dif-
ference between the sums is not great ; we can
raise the one as easily as the other ; and if, as
Mr. PATRICK STEWART says, it will have the
effect of securing the cordial co-operation of the
West Indians, it will he a cheap sacrifice.

A private letter from Paris states that on Sun-
day evening another affray occurred between
some soldiers of the garrison, but it was not of
so serious a character as the preceding affair, of
which we gave an account some days ago.

A vessel, filled with sailors, for the use of the
Portuguese Constitutional fleet, has just left for
Oporto. This reinforcement will be very useful,
particularly as the men have been carefully
selected.

German Papers, received to-day, state that
the Russians will leave Constantinople imme-
diately the Egyptian army returns beyond
Mount Taurus.

VIENNA, MAY 31.—Five per Cent.., 94 3.10 ; Four
per Cents., 84 4-5 ; Bank Shares, 1240.-2111gemeine
Zeitung, June 5.

The French Papers of Sunday contain an
official report of Marshal SOULT, by which it
appears that the effective force of the French
army for 1833 amounts to 413,000 men. The
Duchess of BERRY took her departure from
Blaye to Palermo on Saturday last. It was
reported in Paris that a Spanish army, to co-
operate with that of Don MIGuEL, had been
ordered to be collected on the frontiers of Por-
tugal.
