REFORM IN THE CITY.

•

(From the Morning Herald.)
We have great pleasure in announcing that Mr. War
'is been signally unsuccessful in his 'canvas to-day (Tues
day). and that, too, in the neighbehrh'emi of the Exchange
which was considered 'one of Zia strongest hotels. Per
hap:. there is not a Matt in the city of London reser
highly respected, as a private character, and even as .
Member of Parliament, so far as regards his conduct of
mercantile nuestions, than this gentleman. But Mr.
Ward is a bitter and uncompromising enemy of Reform
:and he therefore ought to be opposed by every friend
that measure. This is no time for sacrificing puhli,
principles to private friendship ; and we repeat what w
sail yesterday (Monday), that " the pretended Reformer
who gives a vote to Mr. Ward, ought to be denounced ae
the worst traitor to the cause which he professes to advo
sate." This will hold good with regard to all °the!
places, as well as the city of London. In Yorkshire, fee
instance, we understand that Mr. Duncombe will stand e
contest on the Tory interest, to support which, it is said,
the Conservative Senate, alias the Charles-street gane
alias the Charles-street conspirators, have
n support
haiveeotee 60,000/
l
of Lord
The same party have also voted 20,00
Valletort, the Tory candidate for Cornwall, So that it
would seem that these conspirators against the prerogatives
of the Crown, and the liberties of the People, imagine that
they can buy the county of York for 50,0001., ai:d
the county of Cornwall for 20,0001. What miserable
infatuation is this ! But so it is. Men always eatimate
the qualities of others by their own standard...and, be.
-cause they are corrupt, they think that Others, must be
c.errupt also. We have not heard Whether or not tl e
Charles-street conspirators have voted any thing in sup-
port of Mr. Dugdale, the late Member for Warwickshire.
If they have not yet done this, there is no dottbt they
svill ; for we understand it is their intention to send traitor
candidates 'to every county, city, and borough, where
there is the slightest chance of success. It is true Mr.
Dagelale may be considered by them as doubtful, he having
voted for the second reading of the Bill, and promised to
support the schedules A. and B. But, be this as it may,
there can be "no mistake" about Mr. Dugdale in War-
wickshire. The freeholders of that great county cannot
hesi'ate a moment between him and Sir Eardley
a most excellent and able man, who will, of course, pledge
'himself to support the whole Bill, and nothing but the
Bill; or, what amounts to the same thing, promise to vote
with Ministers upon all divisions on the Reform question.
We have wandered from the subject with which we
started—namely, the propriety of voting against Mr.
Ward. The advice, however, which is applicable to the
city of London, is applicable to every other place where
an opposition is likely to occur. Whatever may be
the private friendships of individual Reformers, we
-would say, ansl most emphatically, Mry must oppose
the traitor candidates, or he content to be consi-
dered participators in the treason. Upon ordinary oc-
casion- it is, perhaps, allowable for men to sacrifice
something to private friendships. But the present is not
an °edit' ery occasion ; on the contrary, it is an occasion
which does not occur once in many renturlea—it is an oc•
sion in which Englishmen are called upon to defeat, by
their patriotism—by the conatitutioeal exercise of theelec-
tive franchise—a foul conspiracy, the object of which is to
subvert the prerogatives of the Crown and the liberties of
the people. There are many people who think—and think,
perhaps, truly.—that Mr. Ward is better adapted for a
Member of Parliament, for all general purposes, than
either of the other candidates ; hut it should be ever borne
in mind that the object of the present election is confined to
the currying of the Reform Bill, and that upon its results
derend the freedom or the slavery of the people of Eng-
lard. We have not the !eat doubt in the world that, it
Mr. Ward would retire, he would be elected after the
_ _ _ -

Pas ites of the Reform Bill. If he should not, however,
'adopt this course, he will prove himself, like the Cleartes..
street conspirators, to be a tlecided—a most decided—
supporter of tyranny and corruption, and, as such,
totally unworthy of the future confidence of the people.
It mu.t not be expected that the great struggle in which
we are HOW engaged will, like the petty squabbles
which have hitherto taken place, ever be forgotten. Oh
no !—the names of the men who are engaged in it
will, for good or for evil, 14 praise or for execration, be
banded down to the latest posterity. Men wilt, in future
generations, point to the names of their ancestors who
voted for the Reform Bill with the same feelings as the
descendants of the Barons of Runnymede, or the signers
of the American Declaration of Independence, do to those
of their illustrious preJecessors. Byron has said " they
never die who fall in a great cause," and we may add that
they never die who triumph in a great cause. Acts of
virtue or of patriotism, whether tailing or succeeding in
their objects, are alike inemort el—they are the best legacy
a man can leave to his children, for th'-y teach by example,
they animate to virtue his latest posterity. We hope and
CCU.c chat the name, of all rho c who vote for patriotic
candidates in the present election will be collected and
published in a volume, which we would have called the
" Great Book of Reform."

We understand that the gentlemen who took the lead at
the meeting of the Liverymen yesterday for the support of
four Reform candidates were fir the most part, at former
elections, supported by Mr. Ward. We need scarcely say
that they have set a sp',2tlid example of patriotism, by
thus sacrificing their private friendships upon the altar of
public principle.

(From the Times.)
We are not yet able to announce the actual formation of
'any Conitniwe for managing the subscriptions offered from
all quarters in fartherance of the general object of Re-
form. S,veral eminent individuals and capitalists in the
City have had, however, the subject under their setions
considaration, whose names will no doubt shortly, be made
public. In the mean time it is earnestly recommended by
all tho-e who have the success of the great question ;.t
heart, flirt tie persons who propose assisting it by their
purse will bring themselves into communication with tie
Committees formed for conducting the elections of Re-
tOrm candidates in the various counties and boroughs in
the vicinity of the metropolis, ant give to them the been fit
of such assistance. This suggestion has been so generally
approved of, that many have alreaded acted upon it, so
that the cause is suffering :Jo detriment front the delay in
forming a general Committee.
The City election is, we think, quite save. Mr. Ward's
friends are canvassing for him with great reel, but the
other party is employing equal activity, and acting with
the very useful determination of uniting t! e interests of the
candidates favourable to Reform, whatever their pre-
tensions in other respects may he. This is a s rcrifice
which the good of the cause demands, and which will
therefore certainly, we are assured, be made in the present
instance.

Nothing hut the elections and the Deform Bill now
occupies the attention in the City. Foreign politics are
wholly disregarded. The Funds, too, rem iin neglected,
and the Stock-Exchange almost without business.

---
Ipswich is secured. Mr. MORRISON and
Mr. WASON have been invited by the independent elec-
tors to oppose Mr. Mactrt NNolsr and Captain FITZROY ; and
we have no fear fur the result, although the contest will
doubtless be a sharp one ; but Mr. MORRISON'S name is
in itself a host, and of Mr. WA SON it is quite sufficient
to say, that the public is indebted to him, and to him
Wone, for exposing the infamous venality of the Liver-
-1 00l electors. Of course these gentlemen are supported by
the Government interest.

CANVASSING POLITICAL JUDGES.—(From
a Correspondent.)—Since the bad days of CHARLES I.
the Judges of the land have held a decorous and dignified
neutrality upon political questions, that is now at an end,
and those bad days are renewed. Now the Judges of the
I md, some of them at least, are leaguing themselves against
both KING and people to support the borough faction;
the Judges are helping the men who on•ra,e the law and
violate the Constitution ; those reverend Ji7dgi's are help-
ing the men who raise a fund to promote bribery and per-
jury. This is so shocking, that it will only draw down
universal indignation upon them. What is the cause of
all this, men naturally ask themselves. Simply this :
those Judges expect that a Reformed Parliament is very
likely to ask another question—and it is this, Why
atih',o,lll..l),;lntlges have 5,500/. a year salary in such times as

CIJNIEERLAND.— A sever© contest is expected
for this eountl),,,,aus allh the influence of the LOWTHER fa-
mily will be gt to hear upon it. Lord LOWTHER
gives up the representation
of Westmoreland, and stands
for Cumberland as thee The freeholders
of
tue
latterl,Ponent of Sir JAMES GRAHAM.
ac:ntY, however, are on the
alert. They have seleeted the associate of Sir JAMES
GRAH.A 31, WILLIAM lILAMIK
of the requisite
Nook, a zealous reformer, and ;' EN, of Thaekwood
talent for business. DeelaratinZa7ef:ll:heourse of signa-
older,, of their
tore on the part of the Cumberland'
opinion that the Reform Bill, as broughte before the House
of Commons, is necessary to the well.beingnaLhafety
a the kingdom and its existing institutions, and
will support no candidate who is opposed to that satlutthZ
measure. They further invite Sir JAMES GRAHAM an%
Mr.I3I,OIIRE to stand for the representation of the County,
engaging to give their votes without putting the candidate,
to any expense, and to enter into subscriptions for bring-
' those voters to the poll who are unable to accomplish
mg
it at their own charge.

TO THE WORTHY AND INDEPENDENT FREE

MEN OF THE CITY OF GLOUCESTER.
GENTLEMEN,
IMMEDIATELY upon the Dissolution of
the late Parliament, in compliance with a pledge I
made at the last Election to my gallant friend Captain
Berkeley, I issued an Address to the Freemen of Glouces-
ter, declaring my intention of refraining from again`offer-
ipg my services as their Representative. At that time I
was not aware of the very flattering manner in which my
public conduct had been appreciated, nor of the anxious
wishes which have been so universally expressed that I
should again offer myself. Still less could I form an idea
of the extremely handsome way in which the friends of
Captain ll,rkelev have come forward to exonerate me from
the promise alluded to. Notwithstanding all this, how-
ever, I should have paused ere I again presented myself as
a Candi.late before you, but a Requisition most numerously
and respectably signed, calling upon me to suffer myself to
be put in nomination with Captain Berkeley, leaves me no.
longer a choice, and I feel myself impelled to comply with
a wish conveyed in so gratifying a way.
Under these circumstances, then, I appear before you ;
and if it should he your pleasure to return me again as your
Representative, I will continue to discharge my duty ho-
nestly anti independently.
The day of Eleciion in fixed for Monday next, when I
have no doubt that the friend's who have so nobly invited
me will give me their support upon the hustings.
I hare the honour to he,
With gratitude and esteem,
Gentlemen,
Your devoted and faithful humble servant,
Gloucester, April 26, 183 1 . EDW. WEBB

TO THE INDEPENDENT ELECTORS OF THE
BOROUGH OF NEWARK.

GENTLEMEN,
DESIRE not needlessly to agitate your
-C-31k- town, has induced me to withhold any public Ad-
drcss till my canvass was completed.
That has now been done, and the result promises the
most triumphant success.
NVith the deepest feelings of gratitude I, therefore, now
announce that I have once more taken my stand as the
champion of your rights and liberties. I trust you know
rue. Day and night, hand and heart, will I devote to the
glorious cause which now binds us np in one great and
eommon interest. Let every man do his duty. I will never
re►reat, nor flinch from mine.
I am neither an insidious enemy, nor a lukewarm friend
to the great and healing measure of Reform.
My best efforts shall be directed to the support of our
beneficent King, and his upright Ministers, in the fur-
therance of this glorious object of their exertions and
your wishes.
. _

Our great and good Monarch has been faithful to his
people, be you true and loyal to him—be not deceived by
false professions. The enemies of Reform, conscious they
cannot meet us in a flir and open field, will strive to mingle
among us under the hypocritical mask of friends,—but
trust them not,—tome profess to be friends to a more
limited, others to a more extended Reform ; but the con_
duct of both is alike destructive of Reform, for it is certain
that it the plan proposed by Government be defeated there
whl he no Reform at all.
The King, his Ministers, and their Reform—and no
other, therefore, must be the test by which you try your
candidates. Be true to your elves, and we must and will
he tr'utophant.
Believe me, Gentlemen, with the most unfeigned respect,
Your ever devoted and faithful servant, and ardent
lover of our King, and a true friend of Reform,
THOMAS WILDE.
Castle and Falcon, April 26, 1831.
