we can ascertain, the returns of the elections which
have taken place up to this time give
a majority of about sixty in favour of rdrOtiri. Tho:m
who advised the KING to dissolve the late Par-
liament. will soon be made to eat of the fruit of their
iii ii doings. If they ihid it bittet, they have them-
selves to thank.

,
I From the greet pressure of election matter, we are
obliged to postpone several foreign and other leading
articles till Mondal
ftiNti6.—PAßis, JAN. 6
Five per Cents., 107 f. 30c. 10c. 105 f. 93c.
Four per Cents., 5-c. •
hree per Cents., 77c. 2.5 c. 5c 77f
Bank Actions, I,Boof. 1 ;97f.
fiente eft Naple!4 F 94.,
ILtlhlah tVP 11,1'
Bente d'Espagne, Flee, per Cents , 4314 41 425(.
rente d'Espagin!,.Three per Cents., 27
P7Oirttiagirul eWjs7efraL 01111:4r) vj!"!1). :t te pitt),,l 4.1
4114
41.
Portugue e Loan, Six per cents. 93'y.
Elaytiati Loan, G'lt'f.
tkOLINnIt oN LORA
orit Month., paper, •25f. 27%c. ; money, P,if.
Three months, paper, 2311 15e. ; money, ‘..5f. 150.
--!burs dui!.-, tia4e
no URSE, THURSDAY, 3 o'cLocx.—The Rentes have fallen this
day, en account of the speech of the President of the United States,
which is reported to be hostile to France. The present price is
77f. 10c. No other news.
ALL 3 O'CLOCK.—Five per Cents. Rentes, 107 f. The. ;
Three per Cent. Rentes, 77f. 15e. ; Five per Cent. Spanish, 44 ;
Three rer Cent. ditto, 27j; Cortes, 42M; Coupons, --; Guch
hard, 43i; Differes, 154; Ducats, 93 85; Romansa 956; Bel-
gians, 93i; Pen=-0,, 874; Dutch, b 4 40.

GENERAL. ELECTION

THIS DAY.

GREENWICII.

At an early hour the neighbourhood of the hustings exhi-
bited a very lively and bustling appearance. Almost ev ry
one of the vast erewd. tttscilibled wore the colours of the fa-
vouritt tandidates, blue and buff, and very few of the Tory
candidates' friends were to be seen... At a little after eleven
o'clock Mr. Angerstein, accompanied by several of his frknds:
carrying blue banners with appropriate inscriptions, and pre-
ceded by a band of music, playing "-Mee the tlonghering hero
comes," arrived eon the hustings, and was received wirh tre-
rnendoti3 and long-continued shouts of applause. The win-
dows were filled with ladies, who greeted the procession with'
" wreathed smiles," and waving of blue scarfs anti liandker
chiefs, as it passed along. Shortly afterwards Mr. Barnard
and his friends arrived amid loud cheering, and the returning
officer, Thottas Fisher, Esq., commenced making up the poll.-
books.

The Returning-Offieer came ftiWalscl at a few minutes after
twelve and was ioutily cheered by the multitude, which at this
time ainottnted to several thousands. He said, Gentlemen
electors, it is now my duty to declare the poll for the borough
finally closed, and the numbers to be as follows—
For Sir F. Angerstein, Esq. 1!8'26 (Great cheering, )
For E. 0, Bernard., Esqs .‘• 1,162 (Continued cheering.)
For M. W. Attwood, Esq.
And therefore declare the choice of the electors to have fallen
upon John Angerstein and Edward G. Barnard, Esqrs., and I
do now declare and proclaim these two gentlemen to be duly
elected to serve as burgesses to represent this borough in Par-
liament.—( Cheering and waving of hats, flags, &c.)
Mr. ANGERSTEIN then presented himself in front of the
hustings, and was loudly cheered. He said, Gentlemen
Electors, this is the proudest moment of my life, when I
stand here returned as your Representative—( Applause.) I
thank you most sincerely for the support you have given me
during the course of this election ; to the gentlemen v,h
formed my Committee, I have severally to offar my sincere
thanks—they have exerted themselves beyond my greatest
hopes: and they have fulfilled their duty to you by selecting
me as the person whom they emieeived to be best qualified to
advocate and represent your interests. They may have over-
rated my abilities, but I trust that in a short time I shall
have such a report to make to you of my Parliamentary con-
duct as will be satisfactory to your feelings. I trust it will be
such as will confirm every iiiipreaslon which I gave you of my
conduct , and of my sincere and honest wish to promote the
best interests of the Reform Bill.—(Tremendous cheering.)
I shall assist to the best of my exertions to apply that Bill to
the amendment of the abuses of old establishments, which by
time have fallen (I may fairly say) into decrepitude.—
(Cheers.) Gentlemen, lam not much in the habit of public
speaking, and therefore, feel some diffidence in endeavouring
to give expression to my feelings upon the present occasion,
but I cannot again refrain from alluding to the exertions of
my committee, and it is to them and not to me that your praise
ought to be given, for without their exertions I would not be
in the position in which I am now placed._( Applause.) You
have placed reliance upon them and I am confident that
neither they nor myself will ever deceive you.—( -lear, hear. )
I regret, gentlemen, that I am not blessed with the power of
oratory to promote so mu. has I could wish your cause in the.
House of Commons; but so far tIS My VOte and exertions go, I.
shall devote them to your elefieitv With all my heart. To suns
up my feelings, and the principles which I mean to support, I
would -Say that my object is to satisfy the just man—to silence
the demagogue by the correction of abuses, lot them oast
where they may—to suppress the destructive—and to uphold
all our institittiona, while I honestly amend their abuses.—
( Vehement cheering.) I again thank fay tomtnittee, and all
my agents who have given me their services gratuitously and
honestly, Mid I know of nothing more honourable. to them.
I mend here in a proud situation, having obtained the gra.
tuitous services of every professional gentleman, not only tf
this town, but that of Woolwich And Peptfertis----=(Cireat ap-
plause.) If that is mit independence I know not what it can
be.—( Cheering.) You as electors have exerted yourselves
most nobly, and you have secured to this borough a name
which it can never lose. I defy any Government be It Whig
or Tory, ever to send a nominee from this borough into Par-
liament.—( Shouts of applause.) Gentleillen, these are my
sincere feelings) anti I shall endeavour to do my duty, not by
serving you in a low way, but in an honourable manner. That
I shall do not by coming here to ask your opinions, but satisfied
that I shall find them in the honest ditellarge of irk
duty. I now beg to thank you for thtA, kind aupport yott have
given me, and respectfully take my leave.—(Great applatise.)
Mr. BARNARD then addressed them) and %%rat alto fetelved
with much cheering. He said-satrotlive Electors and Fellow
Countrymen, the die fa east—you have nobly secured the in-
dependence of the borough, and a
the independence o;iie {fir us it WAS in your power
eountry.—(Cheers.) Was I not
tight ashen I_ said that I would never lselteve that ydii *dad
Si me until I saw the reeraii ybur infamy—but in place
of that what do I faiv see—why the record of your own
honour and 'consistency, by the majority you have given me
upon the poll.—(Great cheering.) Through evil report and
through good report you have chosen me as your Representatives
I have been scathed by the one, but saved by the 'dam's. Bro-
ther electors, you have glinted II noble victory—it will stand
an honour to yott) and the majority is near, is in close alliance
with the number 45.—( Hear and cheers.) Never forget the
10th of January, 1835—0 n this day you have gained the vic-
tory, and you should reap the fruits of it. It shall be my
constant endeavour that you shall do so. What you have ntiW
done will gt, forth throughout the country, and it will be the
means of recording the fame of this borough in all future
times—and I trust it will also stimulate the whole country
and when it has done its duty there—when we have no fur-
ther use for it, I trust it will go forth to every country where
freedom rears its head, and be the blessed Means of regene-
rating their governments and securing their freedom.—
( Cheers.) Gentlemen, how can I sufficiently thank you by
words or expressions suited to my feclings.—( Cheering.)
Gentlemen, it is impossible ; but I will do it by every act of
mine, and by every means that lies in my power.—( Applause. )
Gentlemen, I accept the proffered honour with mingled feel-
ings of pleasure and anxiety—with pleasure, because it is an
honour of which any man may be proud, even if he were not, as
I am, an ardent lover of liberty—with feelings of anxiety that
I may be able to fulfil the arduous duties committed to my
charge at this most important crisis in the affairs of my coun-
try.—( Applause.) Gentlemen, it shall be my most constant
wish to give the best of my abilities, and the whole of my at-
tention to such affairs as shall be brought before me, and to
yours:in particular.—( Cheering. ) Gentlemen, the personal
iaconvenience to which my friends have been put in my
cause—l will say in their own cause—in the cause
of Reform and of the people—l shall ever deeply regret,
but I shall ever bear it in my mind, and here I.give them my
most grateful thanks. I forgot the other day, Gentlemen,
when I was speaking to you of Reform, to mention one Re-
form, which, by your kindness and assistance, I was enabled
to give my support to—l mean the abolition of slavery—
( Cheers)---a question in which you all took most deep inte-
rest, and which was a reform that changed slavery into free-
dom. The efficiency of that Bill, Gentlemen, mainly
depends upon its management, and its being placed
in the hands of that Government from which it emanated.
( Vehement cheering)—and which, from the result of the elec-
tions now taking place throughout tire country, I hope I shall
soon see that time.—( Great applause.) It is a Government
that has been much spoken against, but when it came into
office it found a deficiency in the Treasury of 300,0001., and
which left to its successor—l trust a temporary one--( Great
cheering)—a balance of nearly the same amount, and that
after a reduction of taxation to the amount of five millions.
Gentlemen, let us go on in thus reducing taxation, and we shall
soon be able to afford effectual relief to the people. But can
we have a reasonable expectation of that if the present go-
vernment continues in office—( Shouts of applause—cries of
" No, no, and turn them out.") Gentlemen, Igo for a second
time to the Commons House of Parliament, sent by your suf-
frages, again to fulfil the arduous duties which fall to me.
Gentlemen, I will pursue my former course, and shall act with
the same honesty and attention, and then fearlessly throw my-
self again upon your support—( Cheers.) Igo there with all
my burdens lightened, and all nay difficulties made easy by
your kindness—( Hear, hear, and cheers.) Gentlemen,
whether it may be said that the other candidate was a
nominee sent amongst us I cannot say, but I would have
you, the electors of Greenwich, most closely to scrutinize the
poll, and see how many gentlemen in the pay of the Govern-
ment, who voted for my opponent, and contrast that with the
number who voted for me.—(Groans and cheers.) I care not
by what name you distinguish the man, but I call upon you to
watch most closely what has been going on, and by that means
place the independence of the borough on such a foundation
that it can never be moved from.—( Great cheering.) What
you, the electors of this borough have this day done, will be an
example to the rest of the country —( Hear, bear, bear.)
It may -be -said that the example was set,- us
