LONDON, MONDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 21, 1831.

THE LATE CUMBERLAND MEETING.

(The following, from the Carlisle Journal, is a
longer and more correct report of Mr. James's able
speech and reply, than the limited time allowed us
to give it) :
Mr. JAMES next stood forward and was greeted
with three cheers, he then spoke nearly as follows :
Mr. High Sheriff and brother freeholders, I thank
you most cordially for the flattering reception with
which you have pleased to honour me upon coming
forward to address you upon this, as on every for.
mer occasion. Important as those occasions have
been, I verily believe there never was a period, even
the most eventful in the history of this country,
that could by possibility have more imperiously re-
quired the firm, peaceable, and constitutional inter-
ference of the people in support of theielberties
than the present moment. Most sincerely, there-
fore, do I rejoice to witness so numerous and re-
spectable an assemblage of freeholders, so much more
numerous than I ever remember to have seen here
on any former occasion, as it is most important they
should declare that upon this great and vital ques-
tion of Reform they think now as they did at the
dissolution of the live Parliament.—(Cries of " We
do, ‘‘ e do".) I am glad to hear it, that your opinions
are unchanged—(" They are, they are")—and that
you are now as much or more than ever convinced
that Reform is essential to the best interests, the
welfare, and the happiness of all classes of the corn-
munity.—( Cheers.) Great, my friends, as our dis-
appointment necessarily is at the temporary defeat
we have sustained, I trust and believe that circum-
stances are such that disappointment is not likely to
end in despair. We may still, I think, feel confidence
in our Patriot King and his honest advisers. I have
not scrupled to oppose those Ministers when I thought
them in error—(" True, true")—but upon this great
question, relying, as I believe we may safely do, on
their unabated zeal, firmness, and perseverance, but
most of all upon their honour as men and politicians,
I, for one, feel no doubt that the Bill, or a Bill
equally efficacious, a Bill containing schedules A and
B, and every other feature and principle of the late
Bill, will shortly, under their auspices, become the
law of the land.—(Cheers.) It therefore seems to
me to be the interest and the duty of every sincere
Reformer to come forward at the present momen-
tous crisis to aid their endeavours by every means in
his power. I need not tell you, gentlemen, that
the House of Commons has honestly redeemed its
pledge and discharged its duty to the country by
passing the late Reform Bill, and why is it we are
assembled here to-day ? Because 179 Lords and
a score of the black petticoat gentlemen—(Laughter)
—commonly called " frocked Barons" or Bishops,
have chosen to place themselves in compe-
tition with the whole body of their fellow-
countrymen, upon the ground and under the
pretence that they had become indifferent to
Reform, and that a re-action had taken place
amongst them—(Loud cheers)—but in reality with
the view of upsetting the present Administration, and
bringing back into power the old worn out, corrupt,
once exclusively loyal, but now rebellious Tory fac-
tion—(Cheering arid laughter)--who, no doubt, if
we were again blessed with them, would govern us
as formerly, by the sword, by the spies, by the dun-
geons, and the bayonet, and plunge the country into
one universal scene of anarchy, confusion, and
blood, by offering us a mock Reform, and refusing
all real and substantial renovation of our time-worn
and moth-eaten institutions.—(Cheers.) In conse-
quence of his Majesty having retained about his
person some Lords and others whose opinions were
known to be hostile to Reform, these borough-
mongers supposed that he was not sincere in his de-
termination, and firm of purpose to carry through
this great measure, and that a change of administra-
tion would take place; but they have deceived
themselves; our good King is as firm as a rock,
and instantly upon hearing of the rejection of
the Bill, adopted the advice of his Ministers
to dismiss certain refractory officers of his
household, who, by voting against Reform, had
shown themselves to be the enemies of the people;
and I earnestly trust that such dismissals will not be
confined to Lord Howe and Sir B. Martin, but will be
extended to every one holding an official situation
under the Crown, who has either proved himself by
his late vote, or who is known to entertain opinions
inimical to the interests and liberties of Englishmen.
—(" Aye, out with the Lord Lieutenants.") I can
see no reason why such a man as Lord Shaftesbury,
who, I believe, has 3,000/. a-year out of our
pocket—(A voice in the crowd, "Its far over
much")—should be retained in his office—a man
who lately sent his son into Dorsetshire to oppose
the Reformers In that county.—(Cheers.) I con-
fidently hope Ministers will see the propriety and
expediency of satisfying the country upon this
head, by advising his Majesty to send all his
enemies to the right-about with the least possible
delay—a measure which lam persuaded would tend
more than any thing else to convince the country
Of that of which I am not disposed to feel any
doubt—l mean their sincerity in this great cause.—
( Hear, hear.) Depend upon it, my friends, cur
triumph is merely deferred ; if we continue firm,
arid do not suffer our zeal to abate, the 199 oligar-
chical despots—(Cheers)—cannot fail to perceive
that a continued contest with the whole mass of
their fellow-countrymen must inevitably end in their
entire discomfiture.—(Applause.) These opposers
of Reform, these invaders of the national rights,
have obtained a momentary advantage ; they may
dispute the just claim of the people for a season;
but they will at last most assuredly triumph, and
civil liberty be established upon a secure and per-
maneni, basis.—(Loud cheers.) What shall such
a body of honest, independent, hearty fellows as I
now see before me, bow the knee to a handful of
Lards, and succumb to theta like so many slaves ?
—(No, no.) Why, then, is it likely that the
whole population of England will tamely suffer
such an indignity ? No, my friends, our cause is
just, our victory certain, and that before any great
length of time shall have elapsed.—(Cheers.) I am
certainly ready to admit that it requires no ordinary
share of that great virtue patience, for men, high-
minded men, like you, to see justice delayed, even
for a few weeks; but you will recollect that it is by
patience and perseverance only that difficulties can
be overcome, and it will be by patience, persever-
ance, and Union that we can and shall succeed.—
(" Aye, union is the thing.") if the Reformers
split upon a rock it will be that of disunion. Let
those who thought the late measure of Reform did
not go far enough, and those who thought it went
too far, merge their differences of opinion for the
common cause. Is it not folly to oppose a measure
that would be productive of mtrch good, because
another, which cannot be obtained, would produce
still more ? Let us, then, above all things, urge you
to banish discord. I will tell you an anecdote that
I remember somewhere reading of a certain borough-
monger and his son, who had just left college, and
was about to take his seat as a legislator for the
family borough, I suppose of Gatton or Old Sarum.
The old rogue's advice to him was this :—" Mind,
young man, if you wish to stand well with the
people, if you are eager to become a politician, and
a statesman, you must begin by being a Reformer, a
staunch and unflinching advocate, upon all occa-
sions, of Parliamentary Reform; but whatever you
do, mind, when any particular plan of Reform shill
be proposed, do you be sure to be a determined and
resolute opposer of that particular plan; by this
means you will sow dissensions amongst the Re-

formers, and so Reform will never be obtained."—
(Laughter.) Therefore I say let us beeesited. Re-
collect the tyrant's motto is, divide and govern; let
the people then be united and conquer.—(Cheers.)
Some of those who profit by that complicated
system of villainy, the borough system, endeavour
to persuade the people that Ministers are not sincere,
and they hope by placing the people by the ears,
and conniving at riots-and disturbances, and throw-
ing the country into confusion, to continue that
system. It has been broadly insinuated, that the
Tory authorities of Bristol acted on this principle on
a late occasion, but if the people be true to them-
selves, if they go on in the same firm but peaceable
course that they have hitherto acted upon, they will
defy the machinations of those enemies who, under
the pretence of being open friends, would in-
duce them to commit acts of violence, such as
have lately occurred at Bristol, and which I am
sorry to speak of as having taken place in a civilized
country. Such violences would have been a dis-
grace had they been perpetrated by a set of savage
baibarians —(Hear, hear, and cheers.) You may
rely upon it that the same influence, exercised in the
same manner, that has passed Reform through one
House will pass it through the other. Look at
what O'Connell effected in Ireland, and how ? By
peace, firmness, and union,—(Cheers.) What was it
brought about Catholic Emancipation, which measure
you may remember, was lost twice in the Lords by
a majority of upwards of forty, after having been
passed by the Commons, and was subsequently
passed by the same House of Lords by a majority
of upwards of one hundred What was it, I say,
effected this ? Why, public opinion, expressed in a
decided but peaceable manner. Let the people
throughout the empire follow the good example
which was set almost in the first instance after the
defeat of the Bill by the city, which I may well be
proud of having the honour of representing, and
which has been since followed by most other cities,
towns, and counties, and now by this county, of
meeting to express their opinions and skewing that
they knew their rights and were determined to main-
tain them. Let the people at large show their de-
termination to continue their firm and zealous sup-
port to the King and his Ministers, in carrying this
great measure into effect, and of its ultimate success
there cannot, I think, exist any reasonable doubt. If
Ministers had resigned, 1 should, under these cit..
cumstances, have considered such a measure a
greater calamity than the rejection of the Bill itself.
Only let us give them a fair and reasonable time to
arrange and complete their plans, and I feel per-
suaded
they will devise some means of bringing the
oligarchy to their senses, either by a creation of
Peers or otherwise, and that in the next Session the
Bill will pass as triumphantly through the Lords as
it has this session through the Commons.—(Cheers)
I agree entirely with my friend Sir W. Lawson,
that even with the aid of the " frocked Barons"
(who, bye the bye, would be much better employed
in preaching the gospel and inculcating peace and
good will amongst men than in engaging in political
controversies.)—( Hear, hear, and cheers)— they will
not venture to reject it a second time. Mad as they
have been, I do riot expect to see their insanity con-
tinue.—(Laughter and cheers.) Lords and Bishops
Would do well to use a little foresight. They have
a great horror of revolutions, which, in their sense
of the term, means rapine, anarchy, and blood. Let
them then consider what revolutions may be by
what they have been, and let them not exasperate
the nation to so high a pitch, lest the irritation they
should produce should bring about, what I trust in
God will be avoided, I mean the sanguinary ven-
geance of an oppressed and infuriated people.—
(Much cheering.) Let them concede in time, let
them avert the chance, the necessity of revolution
by granting a timely Reform.—(Hear.) Let them
concede to the people with cheerfulness whatever
cannot be withheld without injustice. All their
former mistaken conduct will then be forgiven and
forgotten ; for there is no nation so remarkable for its
generosity, and for the forgiveness of injuries as our
own.—(Cheers.) Let them, then, consent to a real
Reform of the Parliament which will at once give
theitiahpropr:inee,
sssecannridty
ptoropsir,oepnetrytyt,octohne-
Let us then show to these
pfip
ede
ore permanency
fide no
(c Yc
trade,hwe er
Lords and Parsons.—(" Oh, Mr. James" from Mr.
Stanley who stood behind him, a laugh.) Well, he
begged his Reverend friend's pardon : these Lords
and Bishops, by our frequent meetings, by our firm
and peaceable conduct, that we are resolutely deter-
mined not to forego our just and constitutional right,
and that we are fixedly and determinately resolved
upon the attainment of a measure which can alone
secure peace to the community, and carry healing
upon its wings to every part of this vast and en-
lightened empire.—(Much cheering.) I shall con-
cludecei,,e you
—(“
proposing the adoption of the resolu-
tion. You know I never did, nor never shall de-
You never did") and I am persuaded
you will, with me, see the propriety of its adoption.
Mr. James then read the resolution and retired
amidst very great cheering.
In reply to a vote of thanks,

Mr JAMES again presented himself before the
freeholders, and said it was with feelings of the
greatest pleasure and pride that he again came for-
ward to acknowledge the very distinguished honour
the meeting had just been pleased to confer upon
him as one of the Members for Carlisle by the reso-
lution just passed, and he begged particularly to
offer his warmest thanks to his excellent friends Mr.
Dixon and Mr. Ferguson, for the very kind, hand.
some, and flattering terms in which they had made
the proposition. To have ensured the good opinion
of his friends at Carlisle only would have been a
great satisfaction to his mind, but that his Parlia-
mentary conduct should be so kindly and handsomely
eAimated by his brother freeholders of the county,
who were alsa so well able to appreciate the con-
duct of a public man, afforded him the deepest gra-
tification. lie could assure them that to merit such
a distinction his future best exertions should be di-
rected. lie would not detain the meeting long, but
he was sure he should be allowed to advert to a
single observation made in the course of the excel-
lent speech of his Reverend and very worthy friend
Mr. Stanley, who thought that he (Mr. J.) had
made some rather severe strictures upon the pro-
fession
to which he belonged. He could assure his ;
Hon. Friend that he had not intended to say, nor did
he think he had said a word against the talented,
praiseworthy, hard-working clergy, of which body
his friend was so distinguished an ornament—(Ap-
t°
ause)—hisl obv.rvati as were directed entirely
agains[ the " frocked Barons" for throwing out the
Aye they did it.") He saw that
the omreetßirili.
meeting agreed
eed with him that the rejection of
that measure might fairly be attributed to those
Hight Reverend personages.—(" Put them out,
net them out.") They had been constantly in the
habit of voting for the Government, and supporting
the King, who was their lawful head, and it had
been naturally presumed by Minister:, they would
have done so on the late occasion. They did not
speak against the I.lill, and their silence naturally in-
duced a belief that they would support it; but
though they had been as silent as church mice, they
were plotting mischief.--(Great laughter and cheers.)
They had by their conduct endangered the peace
of the country ; but thanks to the good sense and
moderation of the people, that danger was now
over. They must, however, pursue a very different
course, or the country would not very readily
forgive or forget the conduct of those who ought I
to be the friends of peace; harmony, and every

PRICE 7D

thing calculated to benefit their fellow beings,_
consequently of Reform ; but they do not like Re-
form, because they know that a Reformed Parlia-
ment would vote no more money out of the people's
pockets for the building of churches.—(Tremendous
cheering.) The Church revenues were between
eight and nine millions at least, and let them build
churches out of that, as they ought to do—(Cheers)
—and let them also maintain all the poor and im-
potent in their dioceses.—(" That's the way to do
with them."—Cheers.) Tithes had been expressly
instituted for these purposes, and a Reformed Par-
liament would so again apply them. Mr. Stanley
had justly said there were liberals and illiberals in
all societies. The meeting would recollect that
there were exceptions amongst the Bishops, and lie
was confident they would approve of a proposition
to give three cheers f, the Bishops of Norwich
and Chichester, wliad voted for the Bill, and
may their twenty-one brethren of the Bench have a
re-action and follow their honest example.--(Three
most enthusiastic cheers were then given for the
honest Bishops.) He then said no doubt Mr. Rim-
say, the Editor of the Anti-Reform Patriot, would
accuse him of wishing to overthrow the Church.
He had, however, no such wish. It was the mani-
fest and scandalous abuses in that Establishment
he &Aired to see rooted our, and which, if at,
complished, would, he was sure, tend more than any
thing else to place the sacred structure upou a secure
and firm'basis.—(Cheers.) He concluded by again
thanking the freeholders for the attention they had
favoured him with, and retired amidst much cheering.

REFORM MEETING.

22. GEORGE' S-IN. THE-EAS T.

A meeting of the inhabitants of the parish of St,
George's-in-the-East took place, according to re-
qui&t►on, on Thursday evening last, at seven o'clock.
which was very respectably attended. At seven
o'clock precisely, Mr. ABRAHAM GOLE, one of the
Churchwardens of the parish, was voted unani-
mously to the Chair.
Mr. GOLF, stated the object for which the meet-
ing was called by reading the printed notice—" To
form an Association, to be called The East London
Reform Association,' for the purpose of protecting
property and trade, and of Parliamentary Reform."
Mr. BURFORD rose to propose the first resolution.
When knowledge has so increased, that a shred of
patchwork can no longer be considered the imma-
culate constitution of a free people, determined to
be more free, particularly when there is a sea of
corruption to be stemmed, systems which have been
absurdly heaped on systems, and force aided by force
—shall not our every ent rgy be roused into determined
exertion and active union ? And shall we not carry
into effect our own views, when we see fire-brands
ejected over our country—when we see the Tory
abettors of such mob-orators as the matchless and
consistent Henry Hunt, endeavour to heat the fire
ten times more than it was wont P Shall we not
lop off the excrescences of our constitution which
threaten to endanger or corrode its vitality? And
at such a period of feverish excitement as the pre-
sent, should not every man be found prepared at his
post ?—(Cheering.) The narrow road of liberty
was pointed out by the post of Reform. All classes
should therefore anxiously unite and press forward
in the glorious path—freedom was More, and
slavery behind. All classes should-- übw amalga-
mate, and have the same decided interests—should
endeavour to secure the rights they have, and rescue
those which have been forcibly restrained.
Mr. BuRstORD then moved, " That it was expe-
dient to take measures for protecting property, and
promoting trade during the present excited state of
the country; and to secure, as far as possible, by
all legal means, the passing of the great measure of
Parliamentary Reform.

Mr. WAKEFIELD, in rising to second the resolu-
tion ❑ow proposed, said the cause of Reform was
indelibly engraved in the hearts of all Englishmen,
and he trusted never would be eradicated. Taking
reason as their guide, and prudence as their counsel,
the Unions would advance rapidly and fearlessly, so
long as the object necessitating the Unions continued
to exist. The Unions are not opposed to Govern-
ment ; it is the object of all our Unions to strengthen
the executive power of the Government, prevent
dereliction of duty, direct the course of Reform
into a proper channel, and promote the measure
of Reform by means consonant to the crisis.
Think not that the reptile of corruption has been
destroyed ; the snake has been scotched only, and
not killed. The power of the oligarchy still broods
as a nightmare over the genius of our Constitution,
and is anxious to hatch mischief with its corruption.
Though he was sorry for the delay that had taken
place in effecting the grand measure for which they
are all so ardent, yet he did not impugn the motives
of Ministers. He still believed or hoped them to
be sincere, although he could not approve of all the
steps which had been taken in the progress of the
measure. The dissolution of Parliament was as
manly as it was decided. The Ministers appealed
to the people, and the people echoed it in a manner
impossible to be misunderstood. But when they
had found that three parts of the nation were op-
posed to one-fourth, he saw no reason why they
should have hesitated to take every step commen-
surate with propriety and firmness that would indi-
cate a determination not to be tantalized nor de-
feated. Why then should they not have created
Peers to secure success, and make " assurance
doubly sure ?" If the measure of dissolving the
Parliament had been found in one House so appro-
priate, decided, and successful—why might not a
similar measure have been equally decisive and de....
termined in its effect upon the other House? It
would be as futile to deny that the 'Ministry acted
from inability, as they acted from evil intent. The
measureless anxiety so prevalent in the country
should have made them solicitous to remove al;
doubts and insinuations. The voice of the ne,tion
cannot be silenced, and, he trusted, would never
subside into the unmanly sighs of disappointed hope.
All should be prepared, collectively and simply, to
maintain their rights by heart, hand, and arm—
(Oreat cheering)—but none should lose sight of
that prudence which should be the polar star of their
meetings. This speaker trusted that Unions would
be formed of all classes nrtd sects, withoe I any dis-
tinctions—hoped that they would thus be enabled
to forward the grand measure of Reform at !he same
time that they would prevent all scenes of oulage,
when it was evident the rope must follow the flames
and sword; yet- he trusted that all would assemble
in hundreds, in thousands, and in millions; and
while they might be millions in number, that they
should be one in mind, and therefore more effectually
overthrow the faction established for the aggiendizet
ment of a few and the ruin of the -4,-;ny.--,-(lmmense
cheering.) The resoltOoe, was then carried unani.
mously,

propose oi
the
!let
second
nd
resolution,toi (formerlyiosnt
obstacles
easßn
dti thlitrnihoiene:snephm:diknieilea) at
seo the wr:tt
way
omlerankfgoetrhmthcioenigf:Pearponipiinetigacratihillegal. Is Unica, then, unne-
cessary or illegal ? Have nat the Bishops—have
not the boroughmongers—have not the aristocracy
united to defeat the measure of Reform ; and shall
it not be permitted the people, the democracy, in
their union, to unite together and secure their object
from final defeat and oppreigion The Ministers
have attempted ably to carry Reform ; but what can
the Ministers do unless unless backed by the people ?
And what can the efforts a the aristocracy avail, if

opposed by 'the paopt e united ? The Maisie; 14.
tamly deserve confidence; but the people could not place their confidence in any Ministry, or in an
body of men : their confidence should be placed inY
themselves. Ministers are men ; and men are but
men at best. The present crisis is pregnant with im-
portant eventsand changes ; and what rosy be resolved
on to-day may be entombed in oblivion to-morrow.
Mr. Morris then instanced a laughable anecdote of
a person in Birmingham who used to take the bread
and butter from the children daily as they went to
school, and when any of them would cry he would
say" better you should cry than I should starves)*
So (said he), better to hear the cries of the Ark..
tocracy than that the nation should be de..
prived of their liberty—better hear the cries of
a few than feel the wants of the many....
An allusion was here made to the conduct of Sir
Charles Wetherell and the Magistrates at Bristol,
who (the speaker said) threw a firebrand into the
magazine of excitement, and caused an explosion of
re-action with a vengeance. He denied that Reform
was the cause of riots; he attributed them to the
machinations of the boroughmongers, aided by the
party of Henry Hunt, composed of men who were
the scum of the earth, who would abjure their God
as readily as denounce tbeir King •r betray their
country, and whose fortune was placed in the lottery
wheel of disturbance and r;ot. Hunt he then de-
signated as a traitor to their cause, and a renegade
to Reform. The number of persons composing the
different Unions amount to thousands; said shall the
united villainy and oppression of the Bishops and
Peers prevail over the strength and decision of the
nation; over men " who know their rights, and
knowing, dare maintain them ?" The prevent riots
and stagnation of trade should induce all men of in-
telligence to join the standard of Union and Reform,
and tpcome Members of the Council. He then re-
commended peaceable and legal means of promoting
their objects ; yet said, he would not flinch, if ne-
sesiiary, from fighting and arming in defence of their
rights.
Mr. Munplxv, in rising to second this resolution,
said, every Englishman cannot but feel an intense
interest in the passing events of the country and
metropolis, and could not but feel the necessity as
well as expediency of forming Reform Associations.
He then showed the necessity for union, in order
to keep attention awake and alive to their true in-
terests, to set faction at defiance, to sink to earth
the political pickpockets, and to overthrow the
system of misrule which the boroughmongers had
introduced. One small body of men, or a faction,
can stalk abroad in all the humility of godly men;
and enjoy all the good things of life which God and
their profession has given them, which the laws had
connived at, and their own canons commanded.—
Yet this same body seem wholly to have forgotten
that the law recognises no beneficed clergyman;
that, though funds have been appropriated for the
service of the Church, they were to be distributed
so that the acting clergy should have a decent main-
tenance, and the overplus should be given to the
poor. Yet have our worthy friends, the Bishops,
contrived, out of the same decent malntenalice, to
increase an immense revenue, and leave to their
children some three or four hundred thousand
pounds of that which should have been given to the
poor. The speaker dwelt at some length on this
-object, and having alluded to Horace Tsviss and
Sir Charles 'Wetherell, he mentioned that the Irish
ladies had been justly offended at some contempt or
slight thrown on them by a Mr. Twi.s, and the
spirit of vengeance was so determined, that some
manufacturers of a certain class of utensils for

private use took advantage of it, and painted the
likeness of Twiss on the bottom of the same un-
mentionable article. NOW, if any manufacturers of
London—instead of Twiss—would paint on the
bottom of the same article a full-robed Bishop in all
his lordly humility, he would ensure sale and certain
success. The resolution was carried unanimously.,
Mr. BROWN moved the third resolution, which
related to the appointment of a Council. The
people should form Unions ; they would thus create
a strength which nothing could resist, and, like the
Catholic Association, finally accomplish their eman-
cipation.—(Applause.)
The resolution was seconded, and carried unani-
mously.

Mr. Hones moved the fourth resolution, calling
on the neighbouring parishes to join t
Mr. PowELL rose to second themotion, We
stood on the eve of a crisis—a mighty revolution
was at hand; and whether that revolution should be
moral or physical, depended on the exertions of the
people. Disunited, it would be physical, accompa-
nied with riot and with blood; united, it would be
a moral one, accompanied by a long train of civil
and domestic happiness. The revolution which we
sought to accomplish by union, and which union
could not fail to accomplish, was a revolution from
evil to good, from corruption to purity, fiorn mockery
to reality.—(Hear, hear.) What hid drawn ever\
barns n from k
on the
h h
eis
strong
quiet and
a eaof
politics peaceable? fireside\\,to
as t
not
the
unparalleled distress which now prevailei'„ and
which, by reducing the people to examine into its
origin, had enabled tbem to trace it to the misrf-

presentation of the people—a misrepresentation
which they were determined should no longer exist.
How was it then (it might he asked),that a party so
small in numbers had hitherto been enabled to con-
troul a mighty nation ? He fearlessly answered, by
their union. Their perfect union had made them
powerful, and enabled them to fill every post with
their creatures, and crush the flower of liberty
wherever it attempted to blossom. Let them retort
upon their enemies, and by raising up Unions in
every city, in every town, village, and parish through,
out the kingdom, erect a power which must be irre-
sistible. A new element had been introduced into
society unknown to former times, and the activity
and power of which would be materially increased
by Unions. This new element was public opinion—
(Bravo power which, though yet in ita infancy,
►rossessed a giant's strength, and, like the cradled
Hercules, had yet nerve enough in its grasp to crush
the Hydra-headed monster of corruption, and cleanse
its den from the more than Augean filth of accumu-
►ated centuries.--(Loud cheers.)
Mr. DOUGLAS moved the fifth resolution, that the
objects of the Union were the protection of pro-
perty and trade, and Parliamentary Reform.
It was there put and carried, that the Union
should be formed on the principles of the National
Political Union.

`thanks were given tc, the Chairman, and the
meeting broke up.

Major-General Sir J. COCKBURN, accom-
panied by Major WRIGHT, Assistant Adjutant• General,
arrived here on Sunday last, and on Aliinday inspected
this division of Royal Marines, in heavy marching order,.
The Lards Commissioners of the Admiralty visited .4
be
R•iyal Marine Barracks on Wednesday afternoon t the
bittalion were drawn out in the square to receive tikem.—
.Plumoisth Journal.

On Friday the Marquis of ALERCORN left
glths
the residence of the Earl of ABERDEI:N, A)gyll-house, for
the seat of the Earl of liattEwoon, near Leeds. UP"
the I Ith of January, 183.9,, the Marquis or Anitscoitia
will come of age, and in possession of an income of :voila::
94,0001. per anawn, independent of an accumulated for-
tiuuniediionwi persontiheFundst.breeThpeeergNao,hile—( 11.1earq.fuisEfand, nis
alsoi unites
Scottish title, and an Irish one--and is the only N..hletuan
entitled to sit in the House of Lords by any at his titles.
several instances, some of a serious nature,
have occurred at Godmanchester of persons being attacked
by cholera, but we are happy to say none have proved
tatal.,--Bedford Chronicle.
GANIE.—At a special meeting of Noblemen
and anifeale,p. belonging to the Game Association, at the
~A„rigel Inn, Bury, last Week,
Earl JERILYN in the chair, it
was unanimously resolved to supply tt-e licensed game-
sellers in the town at such low prices that they migi,t
and with a good profit, at the, following rate, viz. t—a
brace of pheasants, 6s. ; a brace Of hares, bs.; brace of
partridges, l2s. ; and Me-srs. PitzEsT and CLAltliE, the
two licensed for Bury, were s.-itt for to the imaling, and
infoimed that the gentlemen who should supply them with
game did not exp-ct higher prices to be asked by them iltat
what the association hid tixed upon, and tt,ar tt:eir keepers
would be ordered always to keop them with a good stock.
