By R. SQUIRRELL, Ivl. D.

Sold by Murray and Highley, No. 3z, Fleet-street ;
Richardson, Royal Exchange ; Hatchard, No. 190, Picca.
dilly, and by every other Bookseller in Town and Country.

This Day was published, (price 2..5. 6d. accompanied with
Copper Plates) Number I. of a new series of
THE REPERTORY of ARTS, .MANUFAC-
TURES and AGRICULTURE, consisting of—The
S., iiicationS of Pitent Inventions, accurately copied from
the Records—Accounts of all new Discoveries in the useful
Arts—Proceedings of Philosophical Societies of all Nations,
and Extrads of their most interesting Articles—Authentic
Accounts of all Patents graMed for Inventions and generally
of whatever may tend to the benefit of the Arts and Manu-
faaures of this Country.
Published the Ist day of every month at the Repertory
Office, No. az, Fleet-street, and may be had of any Book-
seller or Newsman in England.
Of whom also may be had (price tol. in boards) the first
series of this Work, consisting of i 6 vols. large Bvo. Com-
prising about 400 Specifications of Patent Inventions, as
many Copper Plates, and a very extensive variety of other
valuable information in the useful Arts.

This Day was published, •
On superfine wove roval Svo. No. 11. of
THE MONTHLY REGISTER and ENCY-
CLOPEDIAN MAGAZINE, embellished with two
highlyfinished Engravings of Hampton Court, and the Mar-
ble Pala at St. Petersburg, and comprising a valuable
Colleaion of Literary Philosophical and Commercial intel-
ligence.
Published the First of every Month, at the Repertory
Office, No. 182., Fleet-street, and may be had of all Book-
tellers and Newsmen. _

Of whom likewise may be had,

No. I. enriched with Views of Windsor Castle and the
Louvre.

The general execution of this Work is in a style of excel-
lence that will justly entitle it to a•lilace in the most seled
Libraries.

BRITISH ZOOLOGY.
ThiS Day was published, in Odavo, on a ne Wbve Royal
Paper, containing Two Coloured Plates,
No. I. Prices. 6d.
(To be continued Monthly)
Of an entirely New and Elegant Work,
THE NATURAL HISTORY of BRITISH
FISHES, including scientific and general Descriptions.
of the most Interesting Species, and an extensive Selection of
accurately Finished Coloured Plates.—Taken entirely from
Original Drawings, purposely made from the Specimens in a
recent state, and for the most part whilst living.
By E. DONOVAN, F. L. S.
Author of the Natural Histories of British Birds, Inseds,

Shells, &c.
Printed for the Author, and for F. and C. Rivington,
62, St. Paul's Church-Yard. Sold also by J. Hatchard,
No. ;go, Piccadilly.
*„* This Work will not include less than One Hundred
Species, orextend beyond Sixty Numbers, or Five Volumes..,
A Number, containing Two Coloured Plates, will be pu-
blished Nlonthly, and a Volume Annually, containing
Twenty-tour Coloured Plates.
A Prosiireetus of the Work may be had, gratis, of the Book-
sellers in Town and Country.

BRouGwr DOWN TO MAY, iSoz.
This Day was published,
A New Edition, either in One or Tw•o Pocket Volumes,
Price rzs. in Boards, _ _

Including the Arms of all the Poers, and the four Orders of
Knighthood ; also ornamented by a striking Resemblance
Of His-MA E STY, in his Parliamentary Robes, elegantly
and accurately engraved upon a new set of plates, printed
on a fine paper ; the letter press also on a new type ; being
the cheapest, latest, and most complete work of the kind

extant;
V.EARSLEY'S PEERAGE OF ENGLAND,
SCOTLAND, AND IRELAND; containing an ac-
count of the Origin, Honours, Marriages, and Issue of the
Nobility ; a list (Ilan their Family Names, Titles of elder
Sons, and Translation of their Mottos. To which are added,
au account of the Orders of Knighthood, an exaa valuation
of each of the Bishoprics, and a complete Extina Peerage of
the Three Kingdoms, with the forfeited and dormant Titles.
Printed for G. Kearsley, Elect-street, J. Stockdale, op-
posite Burlington House, Piccadilly, T. 13e11, opposite
Bond-street, Oxford-street, T. Hurst, Paternoster-Row, and
V. I. and J.. Richardson, Royal Exchange.
Of whom may be had,
A short and easy Introctuaion to Heraldry, in two parts.
Embellished with thirty-eight copper-plates, containing up-
wards of a thousand examples. The whole compiled from
the most approved authorities,,
By HUGH CLARK,
In Svo. the Seventh Edition, price 6s. in boards.

Measured from the customary Standards, viz. Hyde Park
Corner, Westminster, awl London Bridges ; Tyburn Turn-
pike, Shoreditch, and Whitechapel Churches ; Hicks's
&e.
This Day was published, Crown svo. price 7s. 6d. in boards,
the zd Edition of

CIARY's NEW ITINERARY ; or, An Acou-
k_d rate Dilineation of the Great Roads, both Direa and
Cross, tkronghout EN GLAND and WALES, with many of
the principal Roads in,SCOTLAND ' • from an actual Ad-
lneasurement made by command of his Majesty's Yost-Mas-
ter-General, for. Official Purposes, under the direction and
inspection of THOMAS kl ASK ER, Esq. Surveyor and Su-
perintendant of the Mail Coaches - - particularly distinguish-
fog all places on the Roads which are Market Towns, and
sach as have Post-offices for the receipt and delivery of Let-
ters : To which are added, at the end of each Road, the
Names of those Inns that supply Post Horses and Carriages,
Back or Return Routes, with thedistance from Stage to Stage;
a must c'vensive seleaion of Nublemth and Gentlernm's
Seats, Copious Indexes,
,&e. accompanied I.Vith a Cc-
Lcrcil Nlap, exhibiting the whole of the Roads described ;in
the Work, and another Map expressly adapted to the Cross
Roads, on which are added, figures oi reference to the page
where each is described ; with Engraved Title Page, a:di-
&e. &e.
;sy JOHN CARY, Surveyor of the Reads to the Gefieral

Pat Office.

---
Note.--A tew Copies are printed on Royal Oclavo,Ot
Pressed, and altbrding - large Margins ..tor hewarks, price
13s. hoards . . .
Printed for J. Cary, Map Seller, tBr, Strand, of whom
may be had Map: of every dew iprioa.

lAIPER.I4L PARLIefiIiENT.

HOUSE. OF .PEERS,

MONDAY, MAY 31.

PttEvtous to Prayers being read, their Lordships resolved
into a Committee of Privileges, on the subject, as we under-
stood, of the
..Claims of certain Irish Peers, &c. ; but the
e order for the xclusion of Strangers being enforced, we were
precluded front stating particularly what took place.
Counsel were then heard in continuation, relative to the
Scotch Appeal, NJORTHLAND and JOHNSTON V. CADELL,
namely, Mr. Montt: at some length, as second Counsel for
the Appellants ; the further hearing wasdetetred till Thurs-
day.

The Bills upon the Table were forwarded in their respec-
tive Stages : In the course of these proceedings, a conversa-
tion of some length anise between the Earl of CAS NARVON,
Lord BoL•rox, the Loso CHANCELLOR, and Lord AUCK-
LAND, respecting the Echinsville Inclosure Bill, ;Meeting
certain Lands in the Parish of Kingsclere, Ilants. The first-
mentioned Peer moved, " That the further consideration of
the Bill be deferred till that day three months and persist-
ing in his Motion, the Strangers were ordered to withdraw,
that their Lordships might divide. However, the conversa-
tion on the subject, we understood, continued sortie time
longer • at length, the discussion was terminated by a
sion.—:ForTutting ofrthe Bill for three Months, 32
Against it, - - 5

Majority, - = - •27 .
The Rill is consequently lost fdr the present Session.

The Order being read for their Lordships to re.
solve into a Committee on the Manure Sale Bill,

Lord HOLL AND rose to oppose the proceeding.
After repeating a few leading objeaions, which
he had so forcibly urged against the Bills on a
former evening, he said, he should resist a detailed
discussion of the Bill, as wholly beneath the atten-
tion of their Lordships !!-le censured the practice,
too frequent of late, of calling for the interference
of the Legislature, upon such trivial, and unneces-
sary occasions, and concluded by moving, that the
Committee on the Bill be postponed till that day
three months. Which proposition meeting with
the concurrence of their Lordships, it was ordered
accordingly.—ln consequence, the Bill is lost for the
present Session.

Lord PELHAM presented a number of Papers,
which, as we could collet, were certain' Accounts
relative to the Civil List, the 41.- per Cents. &c.
These were ordered to lie on the Table.'

A few words were exchanged between Lords
PELHAM and HOLLAND, on the subje& of print-
ing these, or certain parts of these Papers. Lord
HOLLAND urged the proceeding, on the ground
that their Lordships had a right to be fully informed
of the state of the Accounts in question ; the more
especially as Parliament had lately consented• to li-
quidate the debts of dm Civil List, and without
having .the Accounts printed, he said, it was im-
possible that individual Peers could be duly inform.
ed upon the subject.
Lord PELHAM seemed to object, in the first in-
stance, to the proceeding suggested by the Noble
Lord, on the ground that it should not be consider-
ed as a matter of course that such Papers were to be
printed ; and secondly, he seemed to hint at the ex-
pence : however, in the result, he did not with-
hold his concurrence, and accordingly the Papers
pointed out by Lord HOLLAND were ordered to be
printed. . .

After some routine business was disposed of, the
Order of the Day was read, upon which the
House was summoned, for their Lordships to go
into a Committee on the Militia Regulation Bill ;
accordingly the House resolved itself into a Com-
mittee upon the Bill, Lord WALSINGHAM in the
Chair.

The various clauses and provisions of the Bill,
in which some alterations and a variety of amend.
ments were made,
,were, after a very long and irre-
gular discussion, which took place for the most part
in the way of conversation, eventually agreed to
by the Committee—The amendments were for the
greater part proposed by Lord HOBART, and some
of which were additional provisions, nearly of the
length of some of the original clauses. The
speakers were, the Earls of CA,RNARVON, ROMNEY,
FITZWILLIAM, SUFFOLIi., and BERKELEY; Lords
HOBART and PELHAM, and. the Marquis of Buckz—
INGHAM.

Much diversity of opinion was apparent, and on
ope point particularly a division took place.: this
respeaed certain exptnces to he incurred under the
AI, the payment of which, as originally provided
by the Bill, was to be furnished by the Treasurers
of Counties.—The Earl of CARNARVON, and the
Peers
.who were hostile to the measure in general,
wished to substitute the Receivers of the Land Tax
as the Officers to be recurred to on those occasions
—and having urged the questiOn, the Committee
divided, she there appeared

For the question as it originally stood 16
Against it 5

jori ty

On another prominent point of the Bill, a nearly
equal diversity of opinion seemed to exist, • it was
originally proposed that the Militia should be
called 'out ai days in each year, for the purpose of
drilling, &c.

The Earl of BERKELEY strongly objefted to
the shortness of the proposed period. If it were
intended for training or drilling the men, it was
much too short—.-if for a muster, too long. He
went into some detailed observations to prove that
28 days were the fewest that could, with the least
propriety, be allowed for the purpose, and. ac-.
cordingly moved " That 28. dayS should be substi-
tuted for the 21, originally proposed."
The Marquis of BUCKING HAM and Lord HoBART
argued very ably in favour of the original provision,
principally on the ground, that, in the present cir-
cumstances of the Country, after the Militia forces
had been so long •inurcd to regular service, the
number off'off'days proposedl would be sufficient for the
purpose : and the plea of economy was also urged
by their Lordships.
The Earls of SVPFOLK and CAR NARVON deliver-
ed them Selves in favour of what had fallen from the
Earl of BERKELEY :—:and the .second, • named, Peer,
taking occasion to -observe, that if the
.Noble Lords
who supported the Bill, set. their faces so decidedly
against alteration or amendment, lie Was:induced
to ask, to what end did they sit, or discuss the sub-
jea

- Lard 110BART,-in rejily, recalled to the reCol-
lation of the Comnlittee, that the far greater num.

ber_of alterations and amendments which had been
ma.ie in the Bill came from his side of the Commit-
tee, and were moved principally by himself, the
imputation therefore could not be well founded.
The• Question being urged, Strangers were or-
dered to withdraw preparatory to a division. How-
ever Lord BERKELEY not persisting, that proceed-
ing did not take place.
In the course of the subsequent discussion, an
Amendment was made, on the suggestion of Lord
Ho BART, who observed, he WAS induced to it by
the deference he paid to the opinion of a Noble
Lord opposite, who had argued against the lan-
gu,tge of the Bill on a former night, namely, alter
" invasion or rebellion," to leave out the words,
" or other great emergency."

The various. ,clauses being gone through, the
Chairman quitted the Chair, and the House re-
suming, the Report was received, and ordered to be
taken Into consideration on Thursday.
Mr. DUNDAS was sworn at the Bar relative to
his proposed evidence on an Es'tate
The Debtors' Relief Bill was brought up from the
Commons by Mr. WyNNE, which was forthwith
read a krst time) and ordered to be printed.
Three private Bills were brought up by Mr.
ALEXANDER', which were read a first time.
Some routine linsiness was then disposed of;
after which their Lordships; at nine o'clock, ad-
jouriA till eleVen o'clock to-morroVv, when they
meet merely for the 'purpose of proceeding to bear
Divine Service in Westminster Abbey, it being
the day appointed by His • Majesty fora General
Thanksgiving.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

MONDAY, MAY 31. .

On the Question for the third reading of the
Ct~lham Road Bill, the House divided ; ayes 31,
noes 48, majority against the Bill t 7. The Bill of
course is lost.
The Debtors' Bill was read a third tithe and
passed.
The consideration of the Report of the Con'-
mirtee on Dr. Jenner's Bill *as deferred till 'Wed-
nesday.
Mr. NICHOLLS said; he expeCted to have
heard certain Papers relative to the Carnatic
moved for some days ago; according td an intima-
tion given by an Honourable Gentleman.. If; how.:
ever, that Honourable Gentleman should not bring
forward such-a Motion, Mr. NICIioLL§ said, that
• he should sortie time before the end of this session
take up the subjell.
The CHANCEILOR'ophe EXCHEQUER said,
that he certainly expelled to have heard the Mo-
tion alluded to brought forward on Wednesday.
He declared, that neither then, nor at. any other
period, was there any disposition on the part of
Government to withhold any information on the
subjett of that Motion. There might indeed be
doubts of the propriety of!producing Documents;
which as yet were txcessarily imperfect, as the f,:11
statement had not yet arrived from the Governor.
But Government had no intention of refusing to
produce these Documents; even in their present
state, in. order to attempt, even by means of these,
to refute the imputations which had been unjustly
thrown on an exalted and deserving Charaller.
The Dutch Property Bill was ordered. to be taken
into consideration on Wednesday.
The Report of the Committee on tht Scotch
Militia Bill being brought up,
Mr. ELIOT objelled to the principle of the
Rill, as tending to weaken the power of our Army
by reducing it to local force. In Scotland the
establishment of a local force was particularly im.
proper : that .nation was remarkable for the general
martial spirit of its people, for their readiness to
rally round the standard of the country, as soon as
ever it was raised. The Army, in ihe late war, had
derived a great proportion of its choicest warriors
froth that part of" the nation ; and to their valour •
we had been indebted fur some of our most splendid.
successes. But the present Bill went completely to
damp and destroy this martial spirit, as His Ma-
jesty was, by one clause, enabled to call out the
Militia in case of emergencies, and thus compel
the young men to limit their services to a local
force, when they would, if not so prevented, go
to increase the regular force of the country
The SEC RET ARY as' WA R thought it impro-
per to give such marked praise to any particular
quarter of the kingdom. English,. Irish, and
Scotch had all equally discharged ,their duty in the
service of their country ; and the argument of the
Hon. Gentleman. would apply equally to all. He
owned it was possible the Militia might. in some
degree interfere with recruiting the regular Army ;
but such was. the system of the country. Militia
was the species of Standing Army preferred by the
Constitution. He• could nor, howeVer, see that
the small proportion of men which His Majesty was
entitled to call out by the clause alluded to, could
muck affect the recruiting service, as in Scot-
land particularly it would not exceed four thousand
men. He imagined the Hon. Gentleman, like many
others, felt his mind influenced by the difficulty of
recruiting at the commencement of the late war ;
but that difficulty was owing to the bad footing of
our Army Establishment at that time, and the ne.
cessity of sudden 'efforts to recruit it. The ne-
cessity of these, however, and the consequent diffi-
culty of obtaining recruits, would be obviated by
maintaining • the Army on a good footing in the
time of Peace. • •

Mr. WINDHAM concurred with every thing
which had been advanced by his Hon. Friend
(Mr. aroT) but thought he had not gone far
enough. Not only any clause of the' Bill, but
its whole principle ought to be opposed ; as
it went to lay out the force of the country in a
defensive instead of an offensive army. He did
not wish to see the Militia totally extinguished,
yet he thought, that instead of increasing. its num-
bers, it ought to be reduced below the old esta-
blishinent, both in Scotland and England, and never
to be -augmented except in cases of emergency.
To one:consideration lice would particularly call the
attention of the House: Every compulsory force
employed • in raising men must necessarilyircrease
the difficulty of voluntary recruiting, as it takes.
away • the fair competition, and thus raises the
bounty, as appeared in the late ware where it rase

stances.
to 15 guineas, instead of one .goinet, '''' -
,_.;,
price formerly given, _The reitsan of this toile
evident ; It was absolutely necessary to aH"`'..,
__
employing Substitutes.. People in certain eile I.ll;nin
emits hi
serve themselves ; .the consequence was, tlot,itas
premium for Substitutes was known to be ,'s high gave any price for Substitutes rather d
be
60 or 70 guineas, and of course the, price, .13 ,
tion, From these, and many other coosiderationhs;
he was a' decided- foe t() the Militia systetu ,and
r the regular arm" ;vas raised. ill propoA-
proper
considered a regular army as the mo3t
best defence of the Country.
The Bill was then ordered to be read a third time •
on Wednesday next. .
Mr. FOY-I'El.! read an AdVertisement from an
Irish Newspaper, intimating that orders had bee
issued from the Adjutant-General's Office of I reta. Jf
allowing the Militia Soldiers to enlist in the Keg-.
lar SerV ice, as if the Militia were already casein.;
bodied. Mr. Fos-r E R contended, that it
the power either of His Majesty, or clic.; Adjutar;
General, to disembody the Militia; or allow the tar •
enrolled in it to withdraw themselves from it) rill
the period, of their Service was expired. The COn-
sequence of which must be; that those men who 013
irati VOL
b_ e deluded by this Advertisement, will be seilt,
by the Magistrate they are brought before rq be°
rsr ,
tested, and will be delivered up by him as Desertea
to the Militia Regiments. to which they bel°4; ,'
As, therefore, he wished to have it known, v''
ther this extraordinary Advertisement was gen'',,ill,e;
or merely a recruiting trick, he intended-to illa"
tion with respea to it on Wednesday negr,,lic
After-a few words from Mr. Wicx..l4ANl 3'''l.to
think that it would be necessary to wait
SECRETARY at WAR, by which they seell'e 0
for 501 e...
se:
Tonhieght
explanations from the Adjutant-General's Of 6ce' ti,
fore such a Motion. could properly be disc.uo,e
s„
ordered
~,l Fiep,
Mr. FOSTER agreed to defer his Motiorl to this LiJ.,
Militia Actittiants' Bill was read ,an
a firS,, a,
to,(il
ilcne readßili a
passed
dd
tthiroeugohn
tNiSiree(clnoensitrola Yi ;:i c
je:.
and the Report was ordered to be- received 00 We

nesmdary..._ s
• THE CLtRCY NON;R.
LI/EOAT said, ; 14
that however irlue'',o„,
might feel himself unqualified to oppose the aroej
ments of the Learned Gentleman who introciacto
this Bill, he thotight it his duty 10 resist a
~...it also entirely to change the Constitu
ax.vii,till'oine2:tes,
ESIDENCE BILL.
whichb tended not only to destroy all former S[aliu. the
tiou'l the
Church by lorigiug an enormous power in
;lands of the Bishops. The Right Hon. Ge'l:;a it
tahnera ec.aouusne ts whichf. th
led °fir
oi gtahceyfocrf ,rationt lleCl eilr;tlr:
that as this ptoZigacy
who brought forward this measure, bad pret'' 0
eminent 1
Statute oi. Henry VTII.' and had then eon,lutigiir
that to be abrogated. Bur he "Lila reCOlvost
had ceased, the Stanic" jjetlf
the. Statmte had been approved by tl'e 0165,
to Alter it had reformed the abuses it had heel'
.`o ep.
_ check, it was always to upon "s `'boes,
charaaets,—Lord Coke, arnt'''g °,i.;,0e61
eTelient preVentati Stature the recurrence of $O, Of;
.It was in fa& even at first a
duallit-tv
ie.rignur of thet had been coinplaien, ',.0...
but ... •A ei ••
''
abating,
and the lapse. Of time. Pa' ender,:,s.
to be remarked., -that this ban be 'llo'l7a
thrown Its mfluenceinto the scale of the ,og_ ci
nonlb Law, whiCh under the severest penaltlesi3elore
101 ited Pluralities, and enjoined residence.
_.l ito
goodt remedy -
therefore removing this s•
Statute Qll aCC.Onntoop
rlgollr, it was to be considered wlicther ti.'erlie re.i
o Laws were not still in force, and reaciY °fold ri-
mitigation of the
,ro'
loyal of this substitute, to return Viith te:11 a verf
gour. He owned, that the new Bill provide' .oi,id.
Bishops,
degree, of power placed in the hao-tise_°`ite,
I which ought to be strenuously' ris:'o,l4
It gave an enormous accession of is
' _ ii
against severity, but this des .I.J alp,: ,
the Bishops, and suhieued the inferior Glerr'oper
not to actual slavery, at least to a velY ilPsi'tretcli
degree. of„influenee. It was also improp.er I° 0 ifi
the idea of personal accommodation heY°No ity
limits prescribed by the Laws of the Laud. , t tiic
stances had been adduced to prove ti''' ly to
penalties of the Statute had been made I°3rei:„{e(l'
cases for. which they were not originally Wire tile
One instance, indeed, had been adduced, ‘vl'e_f the
Clergyman was condemned to the Penalties. iroje,
Statute for not residing in a house not inh'i)iery of
But he must beg leave to question-the r°Priv coo:
article of Farming,
this decision, as such a case could not be Just iy dia.
struekl into wilful. absence, and consequer'l 'svitli
not fall under the provisions of the Statut,e," wed $
regard to the Clause in the Bill, WhiCil 31Witi the
greater degree of latitude to Cler.gYlpen,t werc
.a_dopred, it would, direaly tend to seeularl.otios
-.:lergy ; it would completely alter their st, were
in society.
By the existing Statute they port
under certain restrktions ; and this was 39
. allowed to cultivate a glebe, 'and likewise:110110
he contended that if 10 ote
OP°
could be allowed consistently with the ins° ?di' 1
, 609
of the Church, which were founded gillt"e n eri'
But the. provision held forth in the as 3 jiff
.n ea
enlargement of their privileges was in foliec,
an abridgement of them. It took awaY ir,°•vatioP
the right they formerly possessed Of- ea'? slito
10'
their glebe, and allowed them in place of this '
a licence from a Bishop. -The licence inig:tll.4l.l
deed, be more extended, if the Bishop chose:34oot,
their: right had been ; but there was a gord li tie: ,
fcrence . between an independent right) 3 grearr
pendent licence. It was wrong to PM" liyikikial
discretionary power in the bands of au ill Let, ha'
Bishops were men, and would still aa as tli_
./iruper
done in all former times ; some svoold Wiper a iii the
. c favo- ..,:rii,
Clergy were thus fOrced to depend on lb lot, Vdl,6
use of their power and others an ifnoroper• a 013
Bishop, their political freedom was for e cer
_r ptitiw
regard to the Clause which allowed a great` fro
of Non-Residence, he said, that this was far oferiur
a the olii
ing a proper remedy for the distresses.- scare %cc'
iron
Clergy. As soon as the Finances of theitio
to re.
allow it, he should be happy•to see 3 lar 4Ctie 1
: order Will
made..to Queen• Anne's: Bounty, 0 i glen 0
Oat ° ' by
learned, worthy; and laboriouS 'class ° u4l't -
povetry. This was the true remedy , glities .1
.n For, vat `if
he applied, and not 'the encouragi pl
,_ e .).
Ic, • i.
allowing greater latitude of non-resi'cr iatituo, of
an increase of Pluralities And a greate,, becoille
non-rebitience were z!lowed, ghat wow° ,
. ;
1K

lie

11-

hc
o 5

U-

Rev •
Igt°n A Serin On on Sunday wtts far from
I.4lPrehending the whole duties of a Clergyman
was also 'still" more bound to instrnEl the ig-
norant in the principles of religion, to comfort the
'l,ifurtunate in the hour of affliction, to raise the de-
Vonding heart at the approach of death, and to pro-
Mote the interests of morality and religion by the
example of his life ;Ind conversation. The immediate
eff't!t ninon-residence Would het° div ide the pittances
t°he Clergy into still smaller portions) by halving
'"1 With Curates; and infinitely to. increase the
timber of poorer Clergy, by the multiplied CUracies.
at must ineVitably attend on the multiplied plurali-
ti
,e,_s• Mc. SIMEON concluded with saying, that
Should
he could no; exp:..Ct that his arguments
B°uld have suchi influence as to carry the House
;3")rig with them, yet he was satisfied- in haVing,
:aught the subjed into discussion, and called, the
attention of the Public to a matter of stich
• Pottance.

th7'he,CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said,
tvilleanttsio. large a ,proportion of the speech of the. Hoo.
e-Man was so inapplicable to the Motion for
e Speaker's- 'leaving the Chair, that he should
trnake bur a few-observations upon it. He Wished
:precall to the House the circumstances under
thuch this measure Originated. It was not because
bfiere was a great increase of non-residence, but
(cause there was a disposition newly arisen in In_
diners to enforce the Statute of Henry the Eighth.
:fine Gentlemen in that, part of the Country where
._.lsusdeistPoosiatsikon was most prevalent, came to that
;hat he protedion for Clergymen against
must call an unwarrantable' proceeding.-
d 'il„lner°us discussiOnS. took place as to the means 'of
g this, and the House at length agreed to a
t•-astire which was certainly liable to great objec-
al:n' "arriely, to suspend the existing Law. They
rreed to this however only until a system could be
t°lll'ed for the purpose of effeaually regulating
:se proceedings which had become a ground of
n"Plaint4 and had been made an instrument of op-
Pres • -
f To efeduate this purpose, the Wishes
I'3; the House turned, he believed universally, to-
s his Right Hon. Friend (Sir \TM ScoTt),
distinguished Gentleman, whose motives were, no
D°lll4, most, pure,. and what he did could only ori-
'„,'"ne from a sense of public duty ; for nothing
'e could induce him to bestow his talents and
`"Ile upon a subjea, for which, indeed, his experi-
Tce eminently qualified him, but which was a task
that WaS most lid)orious.: he had, however, framed
h - b
1-1,13i1l for this purpose, which the Hon. Gentleman
SrmtoN) indicated his intention of opposing,
;filch he could not have supposed, for, unless his
ec"lle&iori—erred; this very measure had been a,p-
-t-i„F°7ed
i„F°7ed at a former period by that Hon. Member
bs-'4lsell. Why then the Case. stood thus-The
14'"easure was one that had been called for by the
-“m'se
d, and the question was, whether the House
"I not now entertain it ? NOW, he would
.ask,
winether the speech of the Hon. and Learned Gen_
.t'ealan had changed the sentiment which 'had '.been
4a lung and so gienerally entertained by the' House,
4 speech 'certainly_fuil of learning and ability, 'but
khieh went chiefly to particular parts of" the Bill. .
t said, indeed, that he objeaed to the principle
he the Bill. No one had a higher opinion than
ly kid of the veracity of '!:is Hon. and Learned
tb!tnd, but he should not have known that lie so
ti'lle,°e(l, by some of the arguments he urged, espe_
c
those which he made use of to shew the pd_
vri.of parts of the provision of the Statute of Henry
lv"I. Indeed his Hon. and Learned Friend said he
Zs a friend to some parts of the Bill, and yet lie
eideted to the only mode by which he could give
."0 to the sentiments of "favour which he enter-
tol4ed to the Bill, in contradistinetion from
.those
!which he objected, because a Committee was the
4illY stage in u hick that could be done. He
al:Prehended that, properly speaking, nothing
1,,,,?rt of a radical Objection to the whole of the
i,;"ciPle of the measure could be an adequate
"cement for voting .against the Motion for the
-411.'1'AkEft leaving the Chair—That of thinking the
4 111 so had as, upon its' principle, to be incapable of
_r'Y amendment that might do away the leading oly-
Jiions to it ; this appeared to him to be the way
Of considering this measure.—There were indeed
Dints connected with this Bill in the consideration
the great objed of it, namely, that of granting
Ivlthief from hardships, which were omitted, and they
I.'e -points which not only humanity and civil
Polk
Y required to be considered, but which the
kerest of Religion itself demanded, and ' which
Cifuld not foil, in due season, to obtain- the attention
2te House. He agreed with the Honourable
fec2llemen in every thing they said on the sub-
to, of common Informers ; but that was not the
IiPL9 on which he wished to say any more. He
ter
3 now coming to another.: he knew it to be mat-
ofl regret tO his Right Hon. 'and Learned Friend
)''o brought forward this measure, that he had not
tet had an opportunity of bringing forward a sea_
the for the improvement of the inferiorOrden of
ieClergy—that he had not an opportunity of
bee
that desirable object with this As
44. anY Pecuniary Grants that could be made to them,
tons ally to which Parliament might be brought to
rietit on that subjeCt, he belived there never was
tiJ thing applied by Parliament mose worthil3, than
irli(
t would be, or any more successfully laid out ;
tde!ed, lie believed, this consideration connect-
itself tself,with the god of Society, to an incalcu-
e degree, and to an extent almost unlimited.—
lit 'night look, he said, with an extreme partia-
ljt towards that class of persons to whom he had
trfefer red, the inferior Clergy : he certainly had
Qi'eat partiality towards the
whole body of the
4tarrgY• He admitted there might be,
some in_
.c.es of miscondua among them,. and that might
to:al(' of every. body of men in every S..eiety ; but
talon the Clergy as a class of people, their conduEt
to general, and most particularly for the last nine or
Years,.
this Country. r They should therefore have a corn-
hitiunce for their support—Affluence he did not
for affluence to them all, was not, in his opi-
ten., desirable, but a decent competence, and that
ve'r4Ppear to hir4 to be necessary.' It was fit that
1‘,4 Y Clergyman should have a competency. This
whicahmatter of gLeat importance to the Society in
shoto we lived, acid when this object was gained, we
Yeue"tA
have gained a lasting security for. our 1
hpyinels, but without which he was con-
•.

n-

tinted it Would be impossible for our.prospetity to
be lasting. He felt this .opinion so forcibly, that
he would say, great as our Wealth was at the pre_
sent hour, great as our Prosperity was as a Nation,
splendid as our Military and Naval Glory had been,
Much -as distinguished men had spread our Fame,
and, many, very many of thein would be entitled -w
our Gratitude fot ever, yet, unless.we had a Clergy
possessed of competence among us, superioi to pecu.
niaty wants, and the. inconveniencies of indigence,
the whole of our Successes and Triumphs would, in
time, be trodden under foot, and it would -be in
vain for us to look for a long period of happiness :
but he wished -not to be misunderstood, he was not
considering it matter of objeetion to this Bill,
because 'it did not contain any provision of
this sort, or as a, reason against going into the
Committee upon it ; he approved of it as far
as it went. He wished the provision with re-
gard to the Clergy extended further -than this Bill
profeSsed to go, or under the present circumstances
would go. Future provisions might enibrace'con-'
siderations of increasing places of Public Worship,
as well as increasing the salaries of some of the Mi-
nisters of that Worship ; but this was matter, of so
much impOrtance that it could not be disposed of at
the present time. Retaining; as he did, What he.'
had said fOrmerly on this-topic, he wished this sub-:
jed to he carried further than it could be by the pre_ -;
sent Bill, but that could not be done at present. It
was, however, impossible for him to forget what
was due to- the Right Hon—Gentleman who brought
in this Bill, and he trusted that the House would
feel gratitude towards him for bringing it forward.
At all events he hoped the House would let the Bill
go into the Committee, and see what could. be
'done with it, and if it- did not at last accomplish
the objeet they had in view, the House would
dispose of it hereafter as might seem expedient ;
but -he-Was friendly to forwarding the Bill, as much
as its importance and the variety of its provisions
would permit,- instead of postponing the consi-
deration of it to another Session.

► Mr. M. A.TAYfOR said, that notwithstanding
the resped he had for the opinion of his Right Hon.
Friend, Ile could not consistently vote for their
going into the 'Committee. As to the latter part of
the speech of Right Hon. Friend, he thought
the best interests of the kingdom demanded that
some further proviiion should be made for the sup,
port of the Clergy. This, however, formed no
part of the present Bill, and he was •not •to be led
away by such kind of arguments, to take from Ju-
ries what had been in their hands for so long a
period, and to give the poWer which they exercised
wholly' to the Bishops. lie contended that the pre-
sent measure was not an ainendmetit of the Statute
of Henry the Eighth, but a 'complete repeal of it.
He should not be deterred 'from stating his reasons
why he Would not'give this power to the Bishops,
but-it was unnecessary. He tvell knew.that many
of them were pious and excellent men, but_it was
:not merely- to the present, but to future Bishops that
this power was-to be given, and to no set of them
whatever would he consent to give the power which
. was intended to be conferred upon- them by the
present Bill. It had arisen from a wrong construc-
tion-of the',word '' wiliul," in the Statute of Henry
the Eighth, that a number of. prosecutions had
taken place in various parts of the kingdom.—
Complaint was made to the House, who agreed to
suspend, in this instance, the proceedings- of Qui
TaM Jnformers.- The grievance .was then stated,
as was actually the case, that Judges were obliged
to say, that though a •Clergyman did the whole of
the duty which his situation called upon him to
perform, yet he was liable to the penalty for Non_
residence. He thought this ought to be redressed
by an explanation of the word " wilful," in the
Statute alluded to, for there a remedy was wanted.
Instead of this, however, they were about to give
the power to Bishops to exempt the Clergy from
Residence. 'Why, were not twelve Jurymen .as
good judges whether an Adion ought to.be main-
tained against a Clergyman or not ? •Another,ground
of complaint against the Statute of Henry the
Eighth was, that the penalty was not equal, it-
being the same upon Clergymen possessing livings
of 30001. and soot. a-year. To this, a remedy
might be applied, but if the-Bishop was to give a
licence for Non-residence, there was an end of the
Adion. Take it therefore in any way, the present
measure was a repeal of the Statute of Henry the
Eighth. If -these objects were to be remedied, why
not bring in a Bill to amend that Att—why take
it out of the hands of juries ? He could not think
that Residence would be _at -all enforced by it.—
Bishops were liable to an influence which Juries were
not. He was told that it was riot orthodox that
the Government of the Church should be placed in
any other hands than those of ,the Heads of the
Church ; to this he would partly agree : he would •
admit that Ordination and various other Ecclesias-
tical funttions ought to be placed under the control
of the Bishops ; but did it follow that the Residence
of the Clergy should also be under their control.
Who- paid the Clergy ? the Laity. If the Bishop
Was'to have the control over Residence, it aMount_
ed to this, that the Bishop was to decide whether a
parish which paid 5001. a-vear to a Minister was
to- have one or not: Ile -liked better to give, the
jurisdiction over Residence to Juries than to Bishops,
to twelve men than to one. There were some fla-
grant cases of Non-residence; but he was of opinion
that, in general, the cases of Nornaesidence,
had been greatly exaggerated, 'and he believed that
Clergymen in general atcd very fairly and very
properly. The Bill was stated to be a hones to the
Clergy ; he believed on the contrary, that it was
very unpopular amongst that body : they had rather
that the Statute of Henry VIII. should have been
amended, than that they should be compelled to go
to a Bishop for a Licence for Non_Residence. He
thought it was not a wise thing, to take the power
out of the hands of a Jury and give it to a BiShop;
and therefore, he should vote against' the Sr E.IIK E
leaving the Chair. ‘• With resped to Farms, what
had--been stated by his Hon. Friend was, he thought,
saiisfadory ; but no advantage resulting in this re.
sped to the. Clergy,
.could induce him to support
the present measure.

Pm MASTER of the ROLLS said, he differed so
completely from his Hon. Friend,, that whilst his
Hon. Friend stated as an objection to the Bill; that
it repealed the Statute .of Henry VIII. his only ob.

jettion was, that it did not wholly repeal 'that
Statute, so fir, at least, as related to the penalty,
which was by this measure only made subjea to
certain regulations. It was to him a matter of Con.
siderable. surprize, thift an Ae, should be made to
enforce Church' Discipline by such means, which
mast be insufficient, and frequently intolerably op_ •
pressive. An objection had been, made to gi ying, so
• much discretion to certain individuals. Was
however, consistent with a proper system of in-
spellion and control, that the whole shOuld -be de-
- livered over to accident or caprice, without any
obligation to,all„ or any security as to the mode of
acting, without any security that the Law should'
be enforced, or if it was enforced, that it would be
rendered worse than if it had not been executed
at all ? Such a Law might remain inactive for Cen-
turies, and there was no
.body against whom a
charge could be brought for negletf : An informer
might.enforce it at one time and negled it at ano-
ther, whilst no man had a right to ask him a ques-
tion. No law could ever be so badly executed, as
that which was in the hands of common Informers. It
was now the object to take from them that discretion
which they had abused, and always would abuse,
and to place it in the hands of those to whom it pro.
perly 'belonged, the venerable Prelates in whose dis-
cretion an unlimited confidence might be placed.—
Thoge Gentlemen, however, who opposed the present
measure, would not consent to place a regulated dis-
cretion in the hands of those whom they knew, and
in whom they might repose confidence ; but they
Wished to throw an arbitrary discretion in the hands
of one. whom they •did not know, and from whom.
they would have no pledge whatever of his duly ex-
ercising that disCretion. It was said that the Sta-
tute had existed for two centuries and a half, as was
aEtually the case. He was as little disposed as any
man toplace untried theory ;old speculation in com-
petition with laws and customs, of which they had
experienced the benefit ; but it should be.recollell-
ed, that although the Statute of Henry the YHlth
had existed so long, they had not had above ten
years experience of its effects, and when enforced,
it had only been so through the will and 'pletasure of
.a common Informer. Let the Statute remain% and
it would only be executed by fits and starts; after
a length of time had elapsed, when the Clergy had
nearly forgotten the Ad, and a number of offences
against the Statute had accumulated, then the In.
former set to work and reaped his harvest. The
Hon. Gentleman had adduced the number of these
prosecutions as a proof of the efficacy of the Sta-
ttite ; in his opinion • they formed an equally good
proof of its inefficacy, for it was during its
existence that the offences against which those
prosecutions had been direlled had grown up.
The Honourable Gentleman had observed, upon
the circumstances under which it was proposed
to suspend the Statute of Henry VIII. and it
was well known to what a situation the Clergy
would have been reduced if that Statute had
been suffered to remain as it was. His Hon. Friend
said, why not confine this measure. to an alteration
of the Statute, for the purpose of remedying the'
grievances complained of? He would at- all times
be ready to support a proposition for expunging it
from the Statute Book. He could have no objec-
tion to substituting something else instead of it ;
but was it not worth while, after witnessing the
consequences which they had seen result from this
Statute, to try whether they could not go on with-
'out it, which he hoped they would, some day, be
enabled to do. 'Ms kingdom was the only one
amongst Christian Countries where any part of the
Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction was transferred to Tem.
poral Courts. It was absolutely impossilbe that
those Courts could exercise any discretion what-
ever ; the residence of a Clergyman considered in
a Court Of Common Law, was nothing but a mere
corporeal residence ; on his cure the Court had no
option. Suppose two Clergymen were brought
before a Court Of Common Law, the one performed
the whole of his-duty in the most conscientious
manner, but did not sleep in the Parsonage_house.
The other slept in the Parsonage-houSe, but totally
neo-fetted his duty, and perhaps lived in open defiance.
of the principles of virtue and morality ; the latter
would go away unpuniShed, whilst the former would
be loaded with penalties that might prove his abso-
lute ruin. 'Such was the consequence of transfer-
ring such a jurisdiction to a Court of Common Law,
and was not this a sufficient reason for such a mea-
sure as that now before the House ? What would
Gentlemen think of a Law to carry on the discipline
of the Navy and Army by means of pecuniary pe-
nalties in a Court of Law ? Did they find this to
be the case with any body of men.exercising a juris-
diction over each other, as in the case of-the Navy
and Amy ? In Scotland, where Ecclesiastical Ju_
risdillion was wholly confined to the Clergy, was
it found that there was any wilful neglett or impro-
per connivance on the part of- that Body ?, But he
would even risk the probability of 'that rather than
leave it to the discretion of common Informers.—
,Even supposing, however, that suing for penal-
ties in a Court of Comnion Law, to enforce
residence in • the Clergy,' 'was an efficacious
mode, yet it certainly was degrading. lesidenCe
was a mean, not an end. Clergymen might be
compelled to reside by this means, but could not be
compelled to do their duty, and those who were
thus compelled to reside,- would be rendered' the
more unfit to perform that duty ; at any rate, they
were in this way compelled to reside,, without any
reference whatever to the end in view... Was the
Judiciary or, Military, or any other profession,
placed in the same manner in the hands of common
Informers ? aily the Clergy were placed in this de-
grading situation, their residence was enforced in
the same manner as the duties on Gin and Tobacco
were compelled to be paid. In other cases prose-
cutions might be stopped, but here in the case of
the Clergy, the common Informer proceeded in his-
allion, and obtained his penalty without its being
in the power of any one to stop him. -- •The.objed
of this Bill was only to try whether the discipline
of the Church could be carried on by means of the
Constitution of. the Church if it failed, they had
it at all times in their power to go-bacl. to the. St-
atute of Henry VIII. He should certainly support
the further progress of the Bill..
The ArIORNEY GENERA sai.3, he agreed
with many of the arguments which h id -been urged by:
the Gentlemen on the .other side of ihellouse, (Mr,

SIMEON and Mr.TAy toil), though he toad not'con,
cur with them in the vote which they intended to
gii'e upon this question on the other hand he
should agree in the conclusion drawn by his Right
Hon. and Learned Friend the Master of the Rolls,
though he differed from bins in many of the argu.
meats which he had urged. Though there were
many parts of this Bill which he felt to be extremetv
obiedionable, yet he wished the Bill to go into a
Committee, in order that the Clauses might be al-
tered, because if the Bill came out of the Commit-
tee in the same form as it went into it, he certainly
should oppose it. He was surprised to hear the
Hon. Gentlemen on the other side of the House ex-
press their intention of opposing this Bill going into
a Committee, because the whole of their objections
went to Clauses which might be altered in a Coin.
mittee, and if the alterations which they thought
necessary were not made in the Committee, it would.
be competent to them then to oppose the whole of
the Bill. For in-stance, much of the discussion had
turned upon the. degree of power and discretion-
which was to be vested in the Bishops ; this un.
doubtedly was a propersubjed for the consideration
of the Committee, where the discretionary power of
the Biehop eight be enlarged or-limited, as might ,
be thought roper. With regard to his own
opinion, he thought that the power which it
was proposed to give to the Bishops by this Bill
was extremely proper, but in other cases, he conies-
sedhe thought it much too great-. He differed very
considerably from his Right Hon. and Learned
Friend who spoke last with regard to what he had
said about enforcing the Residence of the Clergy,
by means of a Common Informer, It had been said
that many cases of great hardship had arisen in
consequence of the power given to the Common
Informer by the Statute of fienry VIII. but he be-
lieved that there was a great deal more clamour
made upon this subject, than the occasion warrant-
ed. .He was so far from agreeing with his Right .
Hon. and Learned Friend about enforcing Resi.
deuce by means of Common Informers, that if the,
cases could by any` means be defined before hand,',
he would not consent to give the power into the
hands of the Bishop. It had been said, that the
Aa of Henry VIII. even if enforced, would only
compel the Clergyman to reside upon his Living— •
it would not compel him to a faithful performance
of the duties of his fundion ; but this was only say- .
ing that the ACI did not do that which it never
,professed to do. The mi. professed to enforce Re..
sidence, and no more. But Gentlemen argued as if
the Aft of Henry VIII. took away the superintend.
ing power of the Bishops over the residence and
Condiid of the Clergy ; it did no.such. thing. It
woidensot be denied that, the Bishops had now by
Law the power of enforcing the Residence of .the,
Clergy upon their Livings, but it• might be urged •
that the means by which the Bishop could enforce •
Residence were troublesome and expensive, • and
therefore could not be had recourse to. It was also
to be observed, that the means of compelling Re-,
sidence under the At of Henry VIII. was expen„.•
sive to the Common Informer, because there were
no costs, and it had been fin some time usual for
Judges, when actions were brought for several pe-.
nalties, to ditett the jury to find a verdkl for one
or two penalties only, which would not pay the
person bringing the aEtion the expence he was put
to. There was another argument used by his
Right Honourable and Learned Friend, which ,did
not appear to him to apply very strongly to the
question . before the 'House; •he had said that this
principle was not applied to other professions, par-
ticularly to the• Army and Navy ; but surely it
was obvious, that the principle of enforcing attend.,
ance by means of penalties could not .be ap_
plied to the Army and Navy ;,
.:the situation of a
Captain of a ship or in the army, or of a Soldier or
a Sailor, was in every resped sp totally dissi.
milar from that of a Clergyman, that he could not
see how the argument could be applied, to
Upon all these grounds, though he ..disapproved of
many Of the parts of the Bill-, yet he should vote for
its going into a Committee, where alterations might
be proposed.
Mr. TAYLOR explained.

Mr. WINDHAM said, that the evils which the
Clergy suffered by means of attions to enforce their
Residence, were admitted on all hands ; -it was re-
cognized by the Legislature. last year, for the.Legis.
lature last year suspended the operations of the Law,
which enforced that Residence, and it did so until
it could see what other means may be adopted, if
any could be adopted, in lieu of such suspension, or
whether such suspension should continue, The ob.
jett of this Bill was partly to regulate the Statute
of Henry VIM by certain provisions, arid in that
respett, the Hon. Gentleman had approved of- it, ms
far as it tended to enforce .part of that Statute: ,Now
he owned it' was no recommendation to him of the
present Bill ; he should have liked it better 44 had
tended to repeal that Statute, and he could nit
help thinking, that such indeed was the opinion of
his Right Hon'. Friend who brought in this mea,
sure,. and that many of its provisions were made
more with a view to the convenience of others
whose 'approbation he wished to obtain, than.frorn
his own good sense; for his own part, he should
have liked it better had it -tended to lake
away , the provisions
.of that Stature, .which
certainly carried, with them much of the eta.
raner and features of the times In • whii:h they.
Were made. Now he came to treat of the .stif.ject
'of Ecclesiastical Policy, and how much was w he
left to discretion; and in diseussing.this subjcet it
Was essential; as- in all Questions of discretion. it
was.essential, to consider to Whom the discretion
is given, and on whom it is to operate; for disere.
tion was inseparable from all law ; no law could be
executed without it ; even in the most rigorOus
laws of civil policy, their execution was encrusted
to discretion, and without which their execution in
some instances would be intolerable. Now 'with re.
gard to the Clergy, the discretion here was given
to the-Bishops; And it was to operate on the inferior
Clergy: this in its natt:re was a.discretion the 'legit;
to be °Netted to, since it was' in the nature, of the
discretion of a parent over his child. interested in
the welfare of the. object, as well .as in civil polici,
:fudges were interested in the wellate.of the Pikblic,
He therefore thbught the discretion properly.
retied, and his great objett4as, that tliC ghurch
should have the means' of regulating its oWn con.
