[THE TIMES.I

A French newspaper (the Etoile) publishes a
mass,of intelligence from Rio Janeiro, which sets
out with a fact of more interest than we have re-
cently found proceeding from the same quarter.
It is stated that by a secret article of the treaty
negotiated through Sir Charles Stuart, between
the crowns of Brazil and Portugal, the Emperor
Pedro renounces, in favour of a younger brother
(the hopeful Miguel, now on his travels,) his
right of succession to the Portuguese throne, and
confines himself to that of the Brazilian empire.
Undoubtedly, supposing Brazil to stand for a
few generations in the form of an empire, Don
Pedro has made a shrewd and discriminating
choice. Portugal, with all its vines and olives,
is not worth the meanest province of its
ancient colony ; and it argues well not only
for the Emperor's judgment in a matter of
calculation, where pride and prejudice and
old remembrances are staked against the ma-
terials of solid greatness, but for his upright feel-
ing towards Brazil itself, that it is with her
alone he identifies his fortunes and those of his
posterity. Had the Emperor Pedro indulged
his natural attachment to the kingdom in which
he was born, and sought a European as well as a
trans-Atlantic throne, he would have possessed
the former at a high price, viz.—the inevitable
loss of his Brazilian monarchy. Had the people
of Brazil expected their Emperor Pedro to
become likewise a Sovereign of his ancient
state, they must have seen that the treaty which
declared their independence was an instrument
also by which their slavery might be se-
cured, and, in all human probability, would
have anticipated the succession of Pedro
to the crown of Portugal, by shipping him off
for Lisbon, and forming themselves upon the
republican model of the other South American
democracies. If the Brazilians, through personal
regard for Pedro, or confidence in their own
power of providing for emergencies as they might
show themselves, were to wait patiently for events,
instead of trying to forestal them, it 'is possible
that the Emperor might be permitted to wear for
a season the double diadem. But for how long
a season ? Just so long as the politics of his Por-
tuguese advisers were favourable to the interests
of Brazil. The first movement at which the smallest
sacrifice was apprehended of Brazilian commerce,
right, principle, or prejudice, to those of the
old mother country, the signal would be given
to the teans•Atlantic Legislature to renounce all
tie of allegiance and confederacy, and to set up
for themselves. Nature and sound policy are at
dived variance with all attempts to hold together

by one authority two worlds of such clashing
elements as Europe and America much worse is
it when the weaker State attempts to govern the
more powerful, with views more favourable to
the local interests of the ruling than of the sub-
ordinate country. A common Sovereign is but a
feeble tie, where there is nothing else in com-
mon. It would be wise, therefore, and for the
happiness of both States, to complete that at an
early day, and in a friendly spirit, which must
of necessity work out its own accoMplishment
hereafter, to the dissolution, not merely of all
formal, but of all amicable bonds between them.
We trust sincerely that the account is true, and
that this provident and graceful act has been the
result of English councils.

[BttITISPI PRESS.]
We have received the Paris Morning Papers
of Wednesday, and the Etoile dated Thursday.
From the latter we have extracted an article pro-
fessing to come from Rio de Janeiro. The writer
evidently knows little of the subjects on which
he undertakes to speak very positively. We give
no faith to the story he tells concerning the se-
cret article by which it is pretended that the
Emperor of Brazil has renounced his succession
to the Portuguese crown in favour of Don Mi-
guel. After what has passed in Lisbon since the
return of John VI. to Europe, we hold this
statement to be utterly incredible. It appears by
the Journal de Paris, that the diplomatic inter-
course between the great powers is at. this moment
very active. It is understood that these negocia-
tions relate to the affairs of Greece. The mission
of Mr. Stratford Canning has aroused the attention
and jealousy of the Austrian and Russian Courts,
and we may reasonably hope that his presence in
the East will not long be unattended with results
favourable to the best interests of humanity. The
Turkish Government is still endeavouring to
avoid the evacuation of the Principalities, and
probably will not keep its faith until compelled
by the menaces of Russia, or the interference of
the Foreign Ambassadors at Constantinople.
There has been, it will be perceived by our quo-
tations below, a rapid advance in the French
Funds. The improvement in the Five per Cents.
on Wednesday was 3f. 50c.; and iu the Three
per Cents. If. 65c.

[NEW TIMES.]
By the Corers Authentique of Wednesday, we
perceive that the French Three per Cents. closed
on that day at 621. 90c. being an advance of if.
65c. on the closing price of the preceding day.—
On the subject of their own funds the ignorance
of the French Journalists is excessive, though per-
haps it isnot much to be wondered at, considering
the complex nature of financial questions, and
the recent establishment of the Funding system
in France. The Aristurque tells us that there
are bets that the Three per Cents. will be at 50
at the meeting of the Chambers, if M. De Villele
continues in office. The Aristarque does not sus-
pect, any more than the Quotidienne, that
the French Three per Cents. rise or fall, not
from any impulse given by M. De Villele, but
from the attraction of the larger mass of English
Three per Cents. We are perfectly satisfied
that our own Funds must soon recover their late
decline, and when they do so, the French Ref tes
will rise with them. This results from the
operations of the money markets on each
other, and it cannot be otherwise. As to M.
De Villeles remaining in office, that is a cir-
cumstance in favour of a rise; for if he were
to be removed and succeeded by a party less
sensible of the value of peace, there proba-
bly would be a depression in the English
market, and consequently in that of France.
But there is little reason to suppose that Charles
X. will be weak enough to sacrifice a userul and
sensible Minister to the ignorant clamours of the
Aristarque, the Quotidienne, or the Journal des
Debots.—An article from Rio de Janeiro of the
sth October, gravely informs us that by a secret
article in the treaty, recognising the independence
of Brazil, the Emperor Don Pedro renounces his
right of succession to the Crown of Portugal. We
can answer for it that this is a very secret article
indeed—equally unknown, we believe, to the
contracting parties, and to the mediating power.
