MAILS.
-
Aaalvzn--z A.ElllOlt, z Guernsey, I Jersey, s Dublin,
Waterfurcl.—Dus—l Cadiz, z Malta:

PRICE Oh' STOCKS
THIS DAY A r T%Vr.LVIS O'CLOCK.
63. d I °MAIM'S {di*.

Consols

THE SUN.

SOLEM QUIS pccroLt lAL ZUM AUnLAT ?

L N I) 0 N,

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1811.

There is every
,reason to believe, from Lord
WEI,LINGTON'S DiSpaleheS, that the campaign for
the pre4ent has closed. The only objeta that the
enemy apptar to have had in view in advancing was
to relieve Ciudad Rodrigo, and having attained that
'objett, they retreated, and their army separated...:.—
But oue of the objects that Lord WeLtattirtort had
in view has also been accomplished ; he has forced
the enemy to abandon the objeaa which they
,had
in view in other quarters, and to suspend their
operations, in, order to called a force suffi-
cienily large to relieve Ciudad Rodrigo. It
was not Lord WELLINGTON'S iutention to fight a
battle, unless upon seeing the enemy he found he
could do it with a certainty tit success; bitt,when his
`Lordship found.that MAIibIONT liadcolleaed a force
,•.
to the amount of 60,000 men, inducting a numer-
ous cavalry and artillery; be declined risquiog a
battle against an enemy so greatly, superior, without
on adequate objea. In tl'e skirmishes that; took
place, the British troops manifested their accustomed
superiority, and it gives us the most sincere plea-
sure to find, that the Portuguese maintained the cite-
raaer which they have so honourably acquired, and
diiplayea a steadiness and discipline that affords'
the strongest grounds. to hope for ultimate success.
It is conjeaured by some persons, that after thu
rainy season is over, .MArtmowr will make an at-
tempt again to enter Portugal ; but after the dear-
bought lesson which MAssetqa. received, it is not
very likely, that the experiment will be repeated.

An Atilt()lt Mail arrived this morning, it brings
no newt;" of importance, except thiit hohtilities are
on tht) point of being renewed between Russia and
the Porte with greater violtlnce than ever.

WINDSOR, OCT. NIASRSTY, is better to-
dAy in b,,(tily h. aith than he has IJOCO' for several.
days past, and was able to take the exercise
of walking .thii,Ugh his suit of rooins, and }bug pas-
tine attached to them
This Morning, the Om auN, Pi iocesses ELttA artt
end MARY, took awaiting in a eat rioge'to Taplow,
Maidenhead, &c.
. Princeskes AU GUATA and Sopitt.t rode on horse.
bark in the Little Park, ;it teadstd by' Lord WAL.-
6/I..GHAM, Lord ILCHESTRR, Gel). SPENCER, &e.
The Doke 01 Yu/tic arrived to-day about three
o'clock.

Yesterday the Pattacz REGENT took an airing on
horseback in the Parks, and'inspeded the repairs
going on at Carlton House.
Tile PRINCE 11110ENT 01 Portugal has conferred
the Order of the Castle and Sword on Lord WEL-
LINGTON. At the top of the. Star is a castle, and in
the centre is a sword with a wreath over it. At 'the
bottom of the ribbon to be worn with it is a like-
nen of the PRINCR,REGENT. The Order was eSta.
bilsitCd a short.tiine previoua to the Pe nice REGENT
Portugal.

INDIA nobin.--Yebterday a Court .of Directors
Visi tick!, when Capt. Tnotk. H. HARN3 W3B swoll
into the commantl of ti e new ship building in the
room of the Calcutta.

The Cufienells, Captain WELBANK, wets. stationed
for Madra% and China.

The undermentioned ship were taken up fdr one
voyage in the Company's tiervice, viz,

Tons Tons
Lady Carringto' - goo Sir ticxilrey Wt:bster 541
Sovereign . b 34 Larkins . - 637
Clispnian . 55

The Court adjouructl at six o'clock till Wednes-
day next.

Mustc.—The Norwich Mosic Meeting ended on
Friday last; coiopsny -exoetdvd ifinY thing
ever kniiwti there : ttu great was the public curio-
sity, that
.St. Andrew's Hall, one of the largest
roans. in lingbarid, was fulli‘Ovro to sotfocation.--
CATALANI, ttAH4M, BIANCHI, BISIAAMY, sang
with their accustomed brilliancy and eti4t ; and
AilingY On the Violin,_ layuLair on : the Violon.
cello, HOLM es On the Bassoon, GitIIiSPACII on tho
Oboe, received the apOlauSe 'they deserved.,

The abolition of Feud.d. Rights, by the Cortes in
Spain, may be of considerable importance in tile-
posing the people to a zitlll more active resistance
against the French Usurper. .11 is evident, from
the condition of France, and of every other coun-
try under his grasp, that the tenure ot feudal rights
was a very light species'of bondage., compared with
the dreadful slavery which his im:nediate subjeCts
endure, and so which Ito has reduced the subjeels
of most of the Continental Potentates. Indeed it
almost absurd to consider them as PotentateS,
since they. are in reality the mere vassals of the
Freud: Tyrant, and their existence naturally and
politically depends on his breath. The Cortes have
therefore in this measure adopted powerful means
for their own. security, as well as for preserving
their country from the oppression of a foreign Ty-
rant.
011 Manday, at Chatham, William Penenton,. a
private marine, was punished with -150 lashes, agree-
ably to the sentence of a Court Martial, held on
titn for deserting nkicti in tive mouths, alongside
et the prison-ships,. at Gillingham.
