ELECTION OF LORD MAYOR.

Milling -went oit yesteiday at Guildhall with ins
much spirit amid as much noise as on, the for Mer
days. At three o'cl►ock, when,t he Poll,,bitoks were
closed, the numbers stood as follows :

For the Lord Mayor ‘4,. 1,555
Alderman, Conthe. 4 i t 15707
Alderman Smith b43
Alderman Atliiiis 5
Alderman Go'odbeliere 3

Thr fixing up of-the names nod ntrtnhers npon
the board wojeh announced the state of the poll
was followed by the same tlttntlitlloll4 expression.,
of popular feeliugs as we had occasion to notice'
yesterday.
Mr. Wuti.z then came forward and toldressed.

the Livery o►► the success of the thy: .I.l&regret-
-ted exceedingly, the absence of the worthy Alder-
man. (Smith), as he entertained a hope that the
sight of cite hoird now posted up would have in-
duced him to forego his claim, and retire from the
contest. In such a determination he wculd be se7
comic(' by the
,wishes ev(Ji` of his own friends,
Who. saw it'was for his interest that he should
now retire, and come forward another year.-7-.
stating that some of his: friends' were of,
this opinion, be dill not -proceed npon pro
bable ,reasoning or vague conjecture, for he had
hetud it expressed by themselves. liestlvised the
Livery, however, not to rely too confidently on
the hope that the worthy Alderinan would either
follow this wise cupric of his own accord, or be
prevailed upon to adopt it at the solicitatioo of
ids friends, nor to relaxio their exertions to eon•

. _
tlntae to their present Chieirgistrate the ho-
'tour he to v ell deservero He hoped for the
indulgence of ;he Livery while hi sold a few
words about hiinsell, and the conduct he had pur-
sued. At first when they proposed the Lord
Mayor as the most fit person to fill the Civic chair
another year, he had abjureolll party feelings; all
political predilections, in the measure, which he re-
commended; but he could not say-the some of ttte
junta at the London Tavern, They seemed damned
by the most violent party spirit, and had resorted to
party mancgovees for success. He mentioned yester-
day a hand-hill, with the names of Sir P. Burdett,
Lord Cochrane, and the Lord Mayor. 'lt was
dated from his house, and intended by the parties
who resorted to this trick to convey the' impres-
sion that he acted 'front political motives. He
hoped the Livery of London would not be led
away by such a gross delusion, or believe hint
capable of being the author of such a foolish
action as sending forth the inscription in ques-
tion ; and lie would not trouble them further
with disclaiming it. He would tOttch lightly
on some otfier points. The course of rotation
bad been strongly insisted upon by .the friends
of Alderman Smith, end his .-claim to the chair
on that ground often and loudly urged. Tuffs
claim upon'auch a ground appeared to lain (Mr.
White) to be Absolute nonsense.' The Livery of
London tvere called at Michaelmas .to a Coutrudn
to elect -a Lord Mayor; but what could be
more absurd than t 6 meet for, such a Ptirpotle, if
their choice was previously fixed by a law of ro-
tation-I This argument of the course of rotation,
'though even stronger than it was in hymnr of the
claim of Alderman Smith, ,came with a peculiarly
:bad grace front himself and. kis friends in the
COurt of Aldermen. What becameof th:a rotation,
and why did they not observe it, when that worthy
man, Alderman Combe, was twice deprived of his
election, although he was the next in urdqr ? Why
was not the argument as strung then as now Tire
reason was evident. They found in Alderman
Combe a friend of the people, a supporter of cOn-
stittitional liberty ; and he was. not therefor e"to
the taste of these loyal anti legitimate Gentlemen.
There was another point on, which be wished to
touch. -The supporters of Alderniao Striith were
ruled, not by:their own sentiments, - hot- by. the
party at the LoinlonTaVern, Theretias no slavery so
gross as this ; tor if he Were io hest slave, he slrodid
choose least of all to be rine to Mr: Aid. Christopher
Smith and MI company, at the City of Londots.
tavern.---(Loud applatiSe, grorinsi, .shouts, and.
hisses.)-;--Let the Livery not l e deCeivedby.the arta
Of the: party, 4-1 letter luiti---beeit-..reekived front
Alderman Combe, declining the bnuourthat might
be conferred on lint ; -anti this letter the- friends at
Alderman Smith had carried about in their bills,
-as if it would answer their p44ioop html %vim was
so dull as not to sie, that irtha:worthfAidermao.
(Combe) teas sent to " COura;-:,
tnen,•, and declined, the office after 'beibg
ed; as would-be; that:the:.Ciiiiiir wotail
then p 1 a Ctict ,in." cleft :stiettl; and umt their"
choice could fall on no other but the present Lord-

:~

..
N,layor ? 'thus_ what the party of the London Tavern
hrdog‘ht forward as._'ti sohject of triumph, was
re:::llrwit of defeat and humiliation ;. and he was
glad to tee them in such a dilemma. He-vvould,„
of again state the meri:s of the Lord Mayor---
they were saflicienitly koowo to all the Livery.
An affeeting iattante of his meritorious servites
hail occured to-ilay. Three uteit appeared in the
Hall whom he had rescued from the blood-hoands"
of destruction. Would Alderman Smith haveilave' d
these poor Irishmen ? be ,vould nouattempt t ad..
dress the feelings of the Livery upon the subject.:
Let them continue their exertions, and show thi`e
they had still feelings of right and wrong, and
were not to be guided by the tools of corruption.
He concluded by saying, that
she intended to have
asl.ed Alderman Smith a question it he had been
present, which he would now fleCillW IlielltiolliOg,
as lie trished to take no unfair advantage b 1 iiio,
man, or to state any charge behind his 041. he
s.orild- therefore wait till to-norrow; when he
. would pot his question, and if it did not receive'
a satisfactory answer, a &awning one it would be.
Mr. STEveNs then stepped forward to addreis
the meeting, and obtained 'A hearing by calling
out'''. Wood," the candidate for sv hour he hi-
tended to speak. l'lre
,present Lard Mayor, 14--
observed, had shoi.vn no regard to politics in his
puhlic conduct, and had tints laid another claim
to the support of the
,Livery... His Lordship, was
supported, not because be was - a party mall,
but hectorie he was a wise magistrate, 'anti .a
public benefactor. Alderman Smith would, 'be
rejected, not became- he belonged to al arty,
'but because he had iostated those whose.su. rages
he now solicited, by calling them the offscourings
of the. earth: '`This was.. the reason. why he
was not a fit person to be thief Magistrate
of the City ; but be would, tell where ,he was
a fit person for being chief magistrate :_ he
had depended, not on the lopport of the COM 7
mon Hall, hot on the ellorts of the London
Tavern Committee. Here was a party man.--
Would the Lord Mayor,: if he had been teceived,'
have called a meeting'of his friends at the London'
Javerti, earl base attempted to' procure- his eke,
tion by their means ? The merits' and services.of
the Present Chief Magistrate,need not here hetold;
No one could walk the streets of
.boadon witb4ut,
being sensible of the benefits of his adininiSitratian„
His plans were great for the polite and 4/06(
the City; but they were not yet completed, anii ni 1
year was too short for, carrying them•into exe ,t
tints : he should therefore be elected another year,
to- realize Jlrent. The Livery were calied'upon to
support tile Lord Mayor, not because he Tris,..ris,:
party man, but beeinse he. was nn,aetivv, a vig4,q4i,
and upright magistrate; they were called utionitt
reject the other candidate, not on account I: ;7 i. 4
polities, but becanse
.he pad, imitated aid' con-
temned them. Ile Enre-,ht 't
-t aii4 b 6 Lord MaYor
.:.
in his own private junta at the Lonjo;`f Tavern,'
andireat the , Livery as a set of ruthless rag.;a-
tnotEtri. The wort-hy Alderman' had. 'sititt: atntl
promised every thing on 'the resent oceashi'4l
that Could be agreeable, while he bad never,
on any former: Occasitm shown the-teat ti.ference.
to the %I ishes or opinions of. the klail.•: ‘liis ton.-
duct put the.orator in mind of a sailor in a .storm,
who prayed earnestly forAeliverance, and used as
a plea for,grauting his petition, that he had never
been trot.blesome with Itisprayers before., The
worthy Alderman now condeAcended to'lolieit t;r
the firSt time,,but he
,Itorked the Livery would oat
be cons inced that his tespect for thent had io-.
creased. The present Chief Magistrate Might;
out of gratitude, and from a regard to the poblie
goodi to be re-elected, Ile had begun great and
beneficial works, and should have anotho year to
complete them. , : . -
Mr, WILLIAM! after thiS stepped forward and
obtained a hearing for a sentence or two, by iiidt.
inn not " Wood." He began by stating, that he
would allow the merits of Alderman Wood to-he
as great as his friend represented them, bet still
he thought it his duty to support, the claims of
the other Candidate, Alderman Strath. Here the
worthy Gentleman was completely overpow.ergd.by
hiises, groans, howls, and 'every species !Aeon-
temptuous clamour. He attempted agaio..F, eh.
tain,a hearing, by calling out ":Wood ;" hol,fle
among the crowd remarked that they were, out
,c,
he taken under false colours, and the clamour con-
thmea, ,llc..wris heard- to sari-that the friends of
Altlerman.Stnith meant to continue the poll;' and
atAast his Voice was so
,crimpletely drowned - in,
groans, shouts, and hisses, that lie was obliged' to_
retire, which ()edit!, waving-.his hat, antLualllng
out ". Smith, Smith !" - • . . - -.,1:7 a4.,,.-.

crrY ECECTION.
