REFORM DINNER AT HALIFAX.

HALIFAX, FRIDAY NIGHT.—The Reformers of Halifax
and the neighbouring country dined together to the number
of about 800 this day ; of course no one room could contiin
them, but the Old Cock was the head quarters, and parties
were assembled at ten or twelve other hotels and inns.
After dinner, however, the company assembled in a spa-
cious temporary structure, erected in the Woollen Hall, the
interior of which was elegantly and appropriately decorated,
and the gallery of which was crowded with ladies. The
coup (Pail was then indeed magnificent, there being present
at the lowest calculation 1,200 persons. At six o'clock
the Chair was taken by J. Ackroyd, Esq., and amongst
those present were Mr. Wood, M.P., Mr. Protheroe, Mr.
Baines, M.P., Mr. Fielden, M.P., Mr. Blackburne, M.P.,
Mr. Gully, M.P., Mr. Gaskell, M.P., Mr. Walker, M.P.,
George Bins, Esq., Royston Stone, Esq., W. Bousfield,
Esq., John Holland, Esq., H. Cavendish, Esq., 'William
Greenwood, Esq., J. Hodgson, Eq., Samuel Wood, Esq,,
H. Dawson, Esq., James Simpson, Esq., &c. &c.
The usual loyal toasts having been given,
The CHAIRMAN said that the toast he was about to give
he was sure would be greeted by them with the utmost sa-
tisfaction. It was the health of those Gentlemen who at
the present period represented them in Parliament.—
(Loud cheers.) He trusted that they would long continue ,
their Representatives.—( Loud cheers.)
He next proposed " The health of Messrs. Wood and
Protheroe."—The toast was received with loud and enthu-
siastic applause.
Mr. WooD, 111. P., rose amidst renewed cheers. It was
now two years since he had the honour of addressing them ;
the last time he had the honour was when the Tories; in op.
position to the wishes of the people and to the opinion of the
majority of the House of Commons, had by an act unpre-
dented in the history of the country seized upon the Go-
vernment—but the result as regarded them was that which
they anticipated. They had been defeated upon every ques-
tion they proposed, but they held fast the reins of govern-
ment until they were placed in such a position as compelled

. - -
them from shame to relinquish them.—(Hear and cheers.)
He had acted up to that period as an independent Member
of the Legislature. When, however, that party at length
was driven from the Government, and the present Admi-
nistration took office, he had taken the situation he now
held, and had become a member of it. From the period
to which he had alluded he could claim no merit, for all
persons connected with a government must in some degree
sacrifice their opinions upon party questions, and he litelsonly
to bring before them the measures introduced by the.:Go-
vernment with which he had the honour to be conaicted,
since to be a supporter of such a Government was his best
claim to their support.—( Hear.) No one lamented more
than he did that many of the measures of the present Go-
vernment had not been brought to a successful termination ;
but still he thought that this feeling of regret and disap-
pointment had been expressed in too strong a manner in
other places where the subject had been alluded to, because
he thought it most unfair to say that the Reform Bill of
1832 had not produced effects equal to the most ardent
wishes of its supporters.—( Hear.) He would not detain
them by adverting to all the measures that followed the
passing of the Reform Bill, but he would notice a few of
them. There was first the great measure of the BanF.
Chat ter, by which the public obtained amended terms from
the bank ; next, that which opened the continent of India
to British enterprise : then the Act that abolished church
cess in Ireland, but above all, that splendid measure, the
passing of which reflected the greatest credit to this country
—he meant the Bill by which slavery was declared to have
ceased for ever—ceased to exist in this empire.--( Hear, and
loud cheers.) He admitted that in the subsequent years
which followed the passing of the Reform Bill, less had
been done for the cause of freedom, but they must recollect
that during two of those years there had been constant
struggles between the advocates of contending principles,
and when such contests were proceeding, but little benefit
to the cause of the people could ensue. But even here
they could look back with something of satisfaction ; for in
the year 1834 they were relieved from that odious impost
the house tax.—(Hear, hear.) Another Act had passed
the Legislature, which was considered to be one of the most
beneficial that had ever passed the Parliament of this
country—he alluded to the Poor Law Amendment Act.
Since that, by another measure that had been passed, nine
towns out of ten in England had deeply felt the blessings
conferred by the Municipal Reform Act. In the last Ses-
sion of Parliament they had much to regret, but they bad
also great cause for triumph. They had put an end to that
cause of discontent and bickering, the tithe in England. They
had put an end to that which bad been a subject of much
complaint and great inconvenience, the want of civil registra-
tion.. They had put en end—not so well, perhaps, as might
have been wished—to the grievance of the system enforced .
by the Marriage Act. Among other things done last ses-
sion there was one of great triumph—the extermination of
a political society, the most turbulent in opposition and the
most tyrannical in power that ever degraded the annals of
this country, and whose members, with loyalty ever on their
tongues, disregarded the Monarch unless he consented to
become a tool in their hands, and the creature of their in-
tolerant bigotry. (Continued cheers.) The amount of
taxation which had, however, been reduced since the Whig
Government came into power was six millions. (Loud
cheers.) He would not detail the ameliorations as regarded.
the Customs' duties, but content himself with asking whe-
ther the Reformers of England had not much reason to be
proud of what they had achieved in obtaining the Reform
Bill ? (Loud cheers.) He would ask them, taking this
and other measures into calculation, to compare the Legis-
lature of the last four years with that of the forty years
which had gone before, and then, from the result, to say in
which the greater progress towards improvements had oc-
curred ? But he had dwelt only on the brightest side of
the picture ; he could sincerely wish that both sides were
alike ; but unfortunately the contrary was the fact, and he
had now to direct their attention, not to the measures which
the present Government had been enabled to carry, but
to those which they had vainly endeavoured to make the
law. (Hear, hear, hear.) That they did not become
the law was not either the fault of the Govern-
ment or of its supporters. (Hear, bear, hear.) The Hon.
Member then adverted at some length to -the Irish Muni-
cipal Corporation Bill, and to the rejection of it by the
House of Lords on the ground that the Roman Catholics
were incompetent to the management of the affairs of the
boroughs, and observed, in continuation, was it not asto-
nishing that any body of men should say that a man was
incompetent to decide that his streets should be Macadam_
ized, or that they should be lit with oil or gas, because he
happened to address his praying to the Saints ?—( Hear and
laughter.) It was really almost too absurd to believe this
to have been the case, but such was the fact. How did
.the Lords deal with the next Bill sent up to them, that for
the reform of the Irish Church. The Government and the
majority of the House of Commons asked for nothing extra-
ordinary in that Bill—they asked not that the Church of
Ireland should be overthrown—not that Catholicism should
be established—not that Protestantism should be put down,
but that, on the contrary, it should be strengthened by
giving the people an interest in those very revenues which '
they contributed to pay ; they asked that a portion of he
revenues of that Church should be appropriated—not to
Catholic education alone, but to a limited system of which
all might take advantage—a system devised by the fervent
and best supporter of the Protestant Church in Ireland,
Lord Stanley.—(Hear, hear.) Yet this Bill they also re-
jected.—(Hear.) A third measure was that for the amend-
ment of the registration of voters. The Government had
always declared that they were willing to amend any ob-
jections to the machinery of the Reform Bill ; and ac-
cordingly a Bill was sent up to the House of Lords, to re-
medy the defects in the working of the Act. There were
other measures that had been destroyed, but he would not
detain them by farther allusion to them. Such, however,
was the conduct of a large minority in the House of Com-
mons ; such the principle acted upon by the Tories in the
House of Lords, and such would be the conduct and such
would be the principles of any Tory Government, if ever
again they had a Tory Government in this country.—
(Hear, hear.) He wished, as a sincere Reformer, to press
on them the extreme impolicy of urging forward such a
question as the Reform of the House of Lords, a question
upon which they were not all agreed. There were many old
men amongst them ; but there were none so old as that they
could not profit from the experience of the past. He would
ask them to look back to the circumstances of the last six
short years, and they would find what effect dissentions and
disunion amongst parties had produced ? The Tories had
been united before the year 1828, and they were thus ena-
bled to hold their power undisputed and absolutely ; but
what had occurred ? They hal fallen out on the Catholic
question, and the consequence had been that their power
bad tottered for a year, and that their disunion had effected

their dismissal from office in the year 1830.—(Hear, and
cheers.) Again they united when the Reform Bill was in-
troduced by Earl Grey, but the Reformers united also, and
their efforts were too strong for their opp.)nents.—(Loud
cheers.) In 1834, however, an unfortunate; and he would
say an unreasonable, difference of opinion had occurred
amongst the Reformers, and that disunion had, as had
been often attested and acknowledged by the Tories, led to
dismissal from office of Lord Melbourne's Administration,
when Sir Robert Peel boasted that his hopeF of ruling were
founded upon his opinion that this dissension would conti-
nue, but the reformers were too wise for him ; they had been
taught a lesson of which they derived the benefit, and by
again uniting they had once more driven the Tories from
office.—(Cheers.) And he would now ask, from the evi-
dence they all possessed, upon what basis was it that the
Tories founded their hopes of a return to office ?--(Hear.)
Upoh the hope that they would be able to effect another
disunion amongst Reformers.—(Hear, hear.) They were
well aware that diAnsion was the signal for the downfal of
Liberal Government, and for the triumph of Conservatism;

and he would ask would the Reformers of the empire be
so unwise, so foolish, so impenetrable to their own interests,
as to play the same for their opponents ?—(Hear, and
cheers.) ' He was sure they would not do so.—(Cheers.)
He was sure that they too well knew their interests to be
betrayed into the snare. He was sure that their principles
and practice would be an unity of opinion and of action ;
and in asking them to observe such an union he asked them
not for any sacrifice of principle ; Le should be ashamed to
do so at any price. All he asked of them was to unite
strenuously and firmly to procure those beneficial measures
which were for the common good.—(Cheers.) Let those
who pleased hold their own opinions, but let the efforts of
all be united and combined to gain from the common
enemy that which would be for the common benefit.—
(Hear, hear, and cheers.) The events of the last Session
hid shown that his Majesty's Ministers were disposed to
go as far as they cculd in the introduction of measures
beneficial to the country ; they had the will, but the power
was wanting. From whence did that power arise ? Ask
the Tories, and they would tell them. They had said,
" We differ from you—we might perhaps yield to a large
and overwhelming majority not exceeding thirty, and it
diminishes at every election." This was the argument of
the Tories ; and he would ask, what was the answer to

it ? Increase that majority. He depended 'span the peo-
ple to do so. It was an old Whig principle that the people
were the only 4ource of power.—(Cheers.) And by the
, Reform Act that principle was reduced to practice,_
(Cheers.) They were not only the legitimate but the ac-
tual source of power. Sir Robert Peel had admitted this
when he said that no man could rule this country unless he
had a majority in the House of Commons. Thanks to the
Reform Act, such a majority no longer depended on the
support that might be given or withheld by this or that bo-
roughmongering Lord to the Government; it now depended
on the great body of the people themselves. The power
now rested with the people themselves, and, unless they
exertedlts.it was useless for them to call on the Ministers
to bring forward more decided measures into Parliament.
They must not call on those who had no power to aid
them ; that power rested with themselves, and unless they
exercised it to their own advantage the fault rested with
themselves. Sooner or later an appeal must be made to the
nation. He trusted that the next election, come when it
might, would prove that the people of England had not
been deceived by the vain and futile promises and repre-
sentations of their enemies ; but that they had justly
appreciated the course of passing events, and by their
efforts would place a majority of their representatives
in the House of Commons, who would. give to the Mi-
nisters of the people=for it was the people who bad
created those Ministers—the power of carrying such mea-
sures as the people desired and wanted.--(Cheers.) He now
addressed the electors of Halifax, and be thought he could
ask, without any fear of contradiction, whether any indivi-
dual in supporting him with his vote at the last election,
had any reason to think, from any statement of his, that
he was a .sptstibrter of any of these questions ?—(Hear,
hear.) . He had frankly declared what he thought respect.
ing them, and4iad concealed no opinion which he had after-
wards manifested ; and he would say, that whatever might
be the. sentiments of any of those present in regard to those
measures, lie did not think there was one who considered
that tie, on the occasion to which he alluded, had given
them reason to believe that his opinions were other than
they now were.—(Hear, hear.) But he had felt that the
accusations directed against him were an imputation upon
his honour, and if lie had any one claim more than another
to their conislence, it consisted in his never having concealed
from them any opinions which he conscientiously held ; and
they might rest assured that he would act up to them firmly
and honestly, let the result be what it might ; but beyond
that he should be sorry that any persons should suppose
that he took that opportunity of making the opinions he
held tell more for those who agreed with him than against
those who differed with him in opinion. He had no such
object ; he considered that it was well known that upon the
questions to which he referred he differed from many of
them ; but the fact was, that those questions were adopted
by Reformers, because they considered that their being car-
ried would lead to an increase of popular liberty, not from
the intrinsic merits of the questions themselves. Now, the
reason why he opposed those questions was, not because be
was opposed to the extension of popular liberty, but be-
cause he did not consider that if they were carried they
would lead to the results which the class of Reformers to
which he alluded supposed they would ; and if any person
would refer to the report of the proceedings when he had
delivered his opinions, it would he seen what he had then
stated, and that his opposition to those questions did not
arise from his wish to contract popular liberty, but because
he considered that those measures, if they became the law,
would not have the effect anticipated from them.—(Hear,
hear.) Why, then, had he taken that opportunity beyond
all others for declaring these opinions? It was because be
considered that he had incurred great obligations to those
who joined the Radical party in Halifax : they, in con-
junction with his other friends, had supported him stre-
nuously and zealously throughout the last election, and
without avowing at that time opinions different from theirs,
that party might have considered his sentiments to be dif-
ferent from what in fact they were, and that he conse-
quently opposed the questions of the ballot, household suf-
frage, and annual Parliaments, because he was opposed to
the liberties of the people. He would not, however, now
detail at length his reasons for opposing them, but he most
positively, considered that if he were opposed to them, it
was not because he wished to militate against the liberties
of the people, but because he differed with some of his
friends who maintained that such measures would be bene-
ficial.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. PROTHEROE was received with much applause.
Since last he had the honour of addressing them his senti-
ments had not changed. He had certainly not become a
Tory—( Hear, hear)—nor had he taken an immoveable
station amongst the Conservative Whigs—(Loud cheers) ;
—but at the same time he had not associated himself with
those who have been described as going the whole bog.—

( Hear.) He, however, hoped that in combining the prin-
cipal characteristics of Whig and Radical, he would secure
to himself the esteem and support of the majority of the
electors of that borough. It had ever been one of his
maxims that the Government of the day ought to extend
the political power of the people in proportion to their in-
telligence. Those who perished on the field, or on the
scaffold, contending for liberty and the right of thinking as
they pleased on religious subjects, were intended to serve as
examples. When he supported the Reform Act, it
was not because he thought it would destroy the insti-
tutions of the country, but because he thought it
would tend to support them.—(Loud cheers.) He per-
fectly concurred with their representative in his views of
the great benefits that had resulted from it. He had not
been an idle spectator of the late proceedings in Parlia-
ment ; but it would argue bad taste in him to occupy their
time after the able and intelligent statement of their repre-
sentative on the subject; and it would be equally indecorous
in him to dwell in detail on those proceedings, seeing they
were rendered of no avail by the Lords.—(Hear, hear.)
Many persons thought Ministers should adopt measures to
introduce a chance in the House of Peers. However such
a measure might be deprecated, there was no one that could
not perceive that the House of Lords had been guided and
governed by principles entirely opposite to those of the
House of Commons. It became a matter of serious re-
flection for them to consider well the course they might have
to pursue, in the event of the House of Lords adhering to
the same line of conduct they had recently displayed. He
was aware, when speaking on the subject, he was treading
on delicate ground, and that were a Conservative present,
he would anticipate that he was about to create a theme of
discord ; in that, however, he would find himself mistaken.
He (Mr. Protheroe) had alluded to that delicate question
because he knew and felt that the Whigs and Radicals did
not differ as to the grand object they would attain. They
at least agreed in one grand principle—that what the people
of England had deliberately determined on must, and he would
add, should receive the assent of the House of Lords.—
(Loud cheers.) To accomplish that, however, demanded
a fixed and determined unanimity of purpose. He did not
despair but that all the doubt which had been raised in his
mind, in common with every Reformer, would be removed
by their own exertions. He did not think that the ma-
jority was so great in the House of Commons as to in-
duce the House of Lords to bow to measures which some
changes.—(
of the Members of that House might think were organic
Hear.) He doubted that if they were to
attempt to change the Constitution, that the constituencies
of this country laboured under many disadvantages.—
(Hear, hear.) To those who differed from him he would
be glad to address a few observations. It was some years
since he voted in a minority of ten or twelve on this ques-
tion ;but still he did not think that it had made such pro-
gress in this country as to warrant the Government, par-
ticularly as they were not sure that they would get the
consent of the whole people, to such a change.—(Hear,
hear.) But looking at the prospect before them he did
not despair. The battle of the Constitution was to be
fought in the House of Commons—( Hear, hear)—and con-
sequently it was in the Registration Courts that the power
of the electors lay.—(Hear, hear.)
The CHAIRMAN then proposed the health of " Lord
Melbourne and his Majesty's Ministers." The toast was
received with the loudest testimonials of approbation.
Mr. WOOD, in returning thanks, could say with truth
that that Administration would ever be the strenuous and
intrepid advocates of the rights of the people, uninfluenced
by any difficulties or any opposition.—(Loud cheers.)
Mr. GASKELL proposed the healths of Lord 1\ forpeth
and Sir George Strickland. If they looked back upon the
last few years they would perceive that many good !TIT
sures had passed' the Lceislature, owing to thcunanirni
of Reformers. He had no doubt but if that unanimity were
continued more good measures would yet be passed.
The toast was drunk amidst appfause.

Mr: G. BINNEY proposed " The health of John Black-
burn, M.P., and Municipal Reform throughout the United
Kingdom."
Mr. BLACKBURWE returned thanks, and took a review of
the labours of the municipal commission, which, he said, had
been appointed when Lord Melbourne was Secretary of
State for the Home Department. The result of the labours
of that commission was laid upon the table of the House of
Commons during the administration of Sir Robert Peel,
who, instead of expressing his determination to act upon it,
said that it should be taken into consideration.--( Hear.)
The Hon. Gentleman then proceeded to urge upon Re-
formers of all kinds the propriety of acting in union. He
said there ought to be a Reform in the House of Lords.
His Hon. Friend said, " No, it would subvert the Constitu-
tion." In this, however, he disagreed with him. It was of
great importance that Reformers should not quarrel with
each other, and by so doing assist the career of the enemy.
lie thought the extension of suffrage ought to be given to
every person whose extent of knowledge would enable him
to make a correct use of it, and that the sittings of Parlia-
ment ought to be of short duration. The Hon. Gentleman,
after a few more observations, concluded by again thanking
them for the honour they had done him. -
The next toast was " The health of Mr. Baines, M.P."

Mr. BAINES returned thanks. N
Several other toasts were given, and speech es‘ made by
Mr. Gully, M.P., Mr. Fielden, M.l'., MP; Akkroyd, Mr.
Beaumont, &c: &c., when the company separated.

IRELAND.

ENNISKILLEN PETTY SESSIONS.

In reference to certain proceedings which, if truly re-
ported, reflect but little credit on the individual Magistrate,
who played so conspicuous a part on the Bench at the Ses-
sions, the Erne Packet remarks—" We have before now
witnessed some curious scenes in the Petty Sessions Court
—but that on Monday surpassed them all. An officer at-
tends the court with some of his men, to assist in investi-
gating the truth of certain charges. He gives his testimony
calmly to a part of the case in which he is more immedi-
ately concerned—and forthwith a Magistrate, Captain
Gabbet, steps completely out of the case, and before a
crowded court, seeks to lecture and insult that ycung gen-

jeman by insinuations on matters totally foreign to the sub-
ject of inquiry, and when remonstrated with by his brother
magistrates, pertinaciously persists in his unhandsome inu-
endos, not only against the officer present, but the officers
of the British army in general. And what could possibly
be his motives ? Aye, his motivesthe reader must guess."
The Court-house was crowded at a very early hour on
Monday last, in consequence of the interest attached to
the further proceedings designed for the re-establishment of
tranquillity in this town. Some of the soldiers of the 46th
Regiment attended pursuant to orders.
The nature of the evidence which they gave may be
gathered from that of John Gilmore, a private, who deposed
that on the night of the 12th inst. he was coming up the
town with two comrades while the tattoo was beating--
when near the church-wall, three persons darted out of the
dark lane adjacent, and looked into the faces of witness
and the other two soldiers, and made use of some threaten-
ing expressions. Witness and comrades when arrived at
the corner of Barrack-street, found the street obstructed
by civilians, so that they could not pass. The civilians
were singing out " To h— with the Pope—No surrender,"
&c. &c., one of them, in particular, looked up into witness's
face and said, " D— your heart, I say No Pope," or a
similar expression ; another caught witness by his cross-
belt from behind, and endeavoured to throw him, but did
not succeed, as the shoulder-strap broke ; was also struck
by a stone thrown from Carmichael's corner. Witness was
standing outside the crowd when struck by. a stone in the
side. He knew none of the persons that assaulted the
soldiers. The latter had not given any offence. Witness
did not draw his bayonet, nor did he see any other soldier
do so. The soldiers were not able to pass until Sergeant
Gilmore interfered. Thinks that the stone was thiown
designedly at him.
The evidence of J. Devlin, another private, was next
taken, when Mr. Gabbet significantly asked, " Did I see
You in gaol some time back ?" But it was when Lieut.
Lacy appeared to give his.evidenee that Mr. Gabbet exer-
cised his magisterial functions so admirably, as the following
extract from the report of his sayings will show :
Captain Gabbet—Were you in uniform on that occasion?
Mr. Lacy—No, I was not ; but I am confident they i
knew me. ._ _ _ .

..-..
Captain Gabbet—Oh, but it makes a material difference
not being in uniform.
Major Burke—What ! And is it an excuse that a gen-
tleman should be assaulted, because he happens not to be
in military uniform!
Mr. Lacy—l am quite confident they knew me well ; I
am confident that every officer in barracks is known to those
persons whether in uniform or not.
Captain Gabbet—But officers are in the habit of going
out at improper hours and to improper places, and—
Major Burke (with warmth)—l beg your pardon, Mr.
Gabbct, these remarks are irrelevant and uncalled for. lam
surprised, on this Bench for a magistrate—indeed I must
say that I cannot listen to such expressions. It is, Sir,
unnecessary for you to become monitor to gentlemen of the
army as to the disposal of their hours or private conduct.
The other Magistrates also denoted their disapprobation.
Captain Gabbet—l have no wish to hurt the feelings of
officers, or be their monitor, neither is it necessary for you,
Sir, to become a monitor to me—but I say that officers,
particularly young men, are much in the habit of frequent-
ing, at late hours, places of—
Rev. L. Reade—l beg your pardon, Captain Gabbet ;

- -
I am not a military man, nor connected with the military ;
but, Sir, I atm a gentleman, and certainly shall not sib on
this bench to hear gentlemen of the army wantonly assailed
and insulted.

Mr. Gabbet said he should not be interrupted, and in-
sisted on being heard out. He was again proceeding with
his offensive insinuations, when the Rev. Mr. Reade and
Major Burke immediately took their hats, and declared if
Mr. Gabbet should thus persist, they would not remain
longer on the bench, and both gentlemen instantly withdrew.
Captain Gabbet—" Indeed I don't care whether you do
or not."

Thomas Nixon—" Nor shall I remain."
Captain Gabbet, endeavouring to detain Mr. Nixon—
" Where are you going—don't go."
Mr. Nixon, firmly—" Oh ! no Captain Gabbet, I shall
certainly not remain, I cannot. Such expressions were un-
called for."

The three gentlemen, Rev. Mr. Reade, Major Burke,
and Thomas Nixon, Esq., evinced their sense of their own
dignity, as well as their opinion of the delicacy, propriety,
and decency of the conduct pursued, by instantly retiring ;
Mr. George Spear, however, remained.
After some time the three gentlemen took their seats on
the bench in the Record Court, and proceeded in the inves-
tigation, which had been so very becomingly interrupted.
After a lengthened investigation, the Bench declared
_ _

themselves quite satisfied that the riot was not commenced
by the soldiers, but there seemed to be some points of
minor difference in the opinions of the magistrates, and
they retired to prepare their decision.

The 46th Regiment have received a letter of readiness
to march from Enniskillen to Dublin. It was expected
they would be replaced here by the 96th from Scotland,
but we observe by a Dublin paper that the 12th, now in
Dublin, are under orders for this town.
DREADFUL COACH ACCIDENT.—A serious accident oc-
curred, last Tuesday, to Bourne's mail coach, near Rath-
kealc, unattended, however, we are glad to find, by any
fatal results. It took place when driving down a very
steep hill, which is situated at within less than a quarter of
a mile distance from Rathkeale—the horses having, in
despite of the exertions of the driver, taken bead, and on
getting to the end of the declivity, where there was an
angle in the road, they ran with such desperate velocity and
violence against a wall of about eight fret in height, that
the coach was upset. The driver was thrown with great
force right over the wall into Beechmont demesne, and,
besides contusions and other injuries, had his collar-bone
broken. The guard, who had alighted, and was endea-
vouring to stop the horses, was caught between the coachand the wall, and received some dreadful bruises, particu-
larly about the head. In consequence of* being of a full
temperament, serious fears were entertained of his recovery,
but after being copiously blooded and other medical assist-
ance having been administered to him by Dr. Hanlon,r, who
promptly attended,le got considerable relief. 'here was,
fortunately, but one passenger hurt, and he escaped without
having any bones broken. The kindest attention was paid
to those injured by Mr. Howson and Miss Lloyd, of Beech-
mont, who sent out wine, &e•, to alleviate their 'sufferings.
It is but justice to the driver to state, that no blame has
been attributed to him on the occasion ; but it is hoped
that in future a drag my be put on when coming down
those high hills. Weed, some step should be taken by
the contractors to remove those very steep and dangerous
hills which are constantly to be met on the South of Ireland
roads. One of the horses has, we have heard, since died
from the injuries he received, and another is greatly maimed.

Two of the musical party going to rvianchestcr, who
upset in the Peveril London and Manchester coach, are
vi.—
„-g.well ; but the coachman, it is reported, is dead, making
the second loss of life from this accident. Lablache and Ivan-
hoff are quite recovered from the slight hurts they received
from their upset.' The escape of Assandri was singular. She
was under Lablache, who, after the first shock, asked if she was
injured. She made no.reply, and the ponderous singer, with
great presenca of mind, extended his arm, broke the window,
and managed to raise himself above Assandri, who had fallen
with her mouth on the cushion, and who then exclaimed that
one minute more would have Suffocated her. Ivanhoff, after
the coach was overturned, kept exclaiming, " Tenez vous
ferme."—Manchester Guardian.
