P 0 E T It Y.

SLAVERY.
From \Western India's fertile sou,
Before the Eternal. Throne,
Sigh'd out by thousands as they tell,
Ascends the Negro's groan.
Beyond the Andes' snowy bound,
In rich Pontosi's mines,
Immur'd beneath the cavern'd ground,
The wretched bondsman pines.

And where the dark Levantine wave
Assails the Libyan shore,
In bitter toil, the galley-slave
Still labours at the oar.

From every clime beneath the skies,
Profan'd by slavery's chain,
The prayers of captive millions rise—
shall they plead in vain

Shall man, of " little power possesed,"
His fellow worm enthral ?
And rudely from his brother wrest
A blessing giv'n 'to all ?

Yes, thus it is; yet not unpaid
II is tyranny prevails:
And all his barbarous deeds are weigh'd
In Heaven's unerring scales.
And when the dark and silent grave
Its gloomy jaws shall close,
And the stern master, and his slave.
Alike in dust repose;

Each bursting sigh, each bitter tear,
Each bosom's tortured beat,
Shall then in dread array appear,
Before the judgment-seat.
Then tremble, tyrant of the day,
And shudder at thy doom;
For know, vain man, thy little sway
Is ended in the tomb—.

That home the wretched slave implores,
A tenement of rest;
That leads him to those smiling shores.
The islands of the blest

DREADFUL FIRES.

Yesterday morning, a little before one o'clock,
a fire broke out on The premises of Mr. Goulding, silk-menu.
lecturer, at Park-place, Peckham. The fire commenced either
in the kitchen or in the stable, nearly adjoining Mr. G.'s beau.
tiful little dwelling-house, which had just been fitted up in a
style of great neatness and comfort. As the premises were
erected almost entirely of wood, the fire speedily communi-
cated to the whole building, which burnt with extreme fury,
notwithstanding every effort• to extinguish the flames, until
the whole was reduced to one frightful wreck. Through
the great exertions of the neighbours, &c. we believe some
of the silk-mills and machinery were saved from the fire;
but when we saw them this morning they were lying about
the garden rounds and other parts badly broken and mu-
tilated. cry little of the household furniture has been
saved, and we lament to add that a valuable horse was lite.
rally burnt to a cinder, it having been found impossible to
remove him out of danger in time. What adds greatly to this
calamity is, that a great number, of industrious young persons
chiefly females occupied in the mill, are suddenly thrown out of
employment. Mr. Goulding, we are informed, had expended
not less than four or five hundred pounds on his premises since
he last effected his insurance. Thus, in a very few hours, a
large and amiable family, together with their numerous de-
pendants, work.people, and others., have been reduced to a
state of great distress, although in Mr. ti.'s ease, at least, we
earnestly hope and trust, not to poverty.. Nvertheleastheloss
to this worthy man, whose misfortuneincreased by the cir-
cumstance of his having, within these few days, burst a blood.
vessel, frony which he was however gradually recovering, must
be very considerable indeed.

ACCIDENT OCCASIONED BY Trm (}As.--An alarm of fire
was raised yesterday morning about one o'clock, at the' house
of Mr. Gunther, the corner of Beaumont and High Streets,
Mary-le,bone. It was, after somereaearch, discovered that' ne
of the screws by which the gas is turned on, had come nut, in
consequence of being too long in use, from which the gas had
issued, and when arrived at its proper height, had ignited by
one of the burners, which was left -lighted for Mr. Gunther's
return. It was fortunate, however, that such burner was Left
alight ; had it not, the gas would shortly have filled the house,
and the inmates, perceiving the smell, would in all probability
have obtained a light, when the whole house would have been
immediately in flames. Excluid„ of the foregoing, no further
damage was done.
TILE LATE FIRE IN Nrw-sTwEET.—Montlay night the
remains of Mrs. Parry, who was destroyed in this mysterious
conflagration, were found amongst the.rums, and conveyed in a
shell to St. Martin's workhouse. They were burnt to a mere
cinder ; the bones of the skull and the shoulders were the only
parts remaining entire. An Ingnest is appointed to be held on
the remains, and the inquiry (from the evidence which has
been brought forward respecting the conduct of Gone previous-
ly to, and at the time of tlie lire) is likely to be of the most seri.
ous description. The poor creature was SO very laine, that
upon a recent occasion, when she went to the funeral of a rela-
tive in a coach, it look her twenty minutes to walk down
stairs. This accounts for her being unable to Cross the room
when called to by the firemen, who were upon the ladder, at her
window, ready to assist her.
A few days since a destructive fire occurred on the premises
of Mr. Rawlings, at Pertwood, near Warminsteryhy which
two a granary, containilhe accident was occasiOned
200 sacks of wheat, several
°buy waggons,t-tiillte luise gosilti6cm of some
c.wered
hotest )yletimi.e, which had been placed in a
waggon.shed, and incautiously covered over. The loss is esti.
mated at 700/.

The Spectateur Oriental has published a Re-
port made by the Chevalier CIESAIt n' A VENANT,
one of the French Consuls in the Levant, from
which it appears that he has been the means of
saving the lives of the crew,of an lonian vessel
about to be massacred by the Turks. This ves-
sel, called the St. Raphael, was captared by a
Tunisian corvette, and carried into Bourdrum
on the 6th of December last. The crew, con-
sisting of ten men, were ordered to be decapi-
tated, but the French Consular Agent, repre-
senting that they were lonians, and as such under
theprotection of Great Britain, the execution of
the Ham, or sentence, was suspended, the clo-
fortunate men released, and the ship and cargo
restored to the Captain.
OLD BAILEY•—(THIs DAY.)---The Sessions
having closed, the REcourir.' n passed the awful sentence of
Death on the following persons :—'rhos. Connor and Tho 3.
Cooley, for stealing in a dwelling-house; John Brown, for
burglary ; Kitty Sheen, fbr stealing in a dwelling house ; 'rhos.
Fenwick and Frederick John Will. Nopon, for like offences.
William Bell was ordered to be transported for life, and John
Holding for 14 years. George Bowing, Mary Devains, Geo.
Moss, Elizabeth Benson, Geo. Hod, illary Williams, Thos.
'Jones, Geo. Beaumeret, Thos. Richardson, Jas. Grove, Geo.
Parker, Fanny NVilliams„Thos. Johnson, Thos. „Mason, John
Collins, and Uhas. Whitniarsh...-were ordered to be transported
for seven years. The Sessions were then adjourned until
Wednesday the 25th June.
The fine weather which has followed the late
showers has produced a wonderful change on the
face of the country. The pastures are every
where putting on a flowery mantle---the wheat
crops are recovering rapidly from the effects of
the winter storm; and vegetation is every where
advancing.
