TILE ARMY.

LEEDS, MAY 7.—We understand, that the 6th regiment of
foot, on their departure hence for St. Hama, will be relieved
by the 22d foot, now lying at NewcaStle, on their route to which
place they passed through this town some nionths ago.
Lord Grantham's regiment of Yorkshire Hussar Yeomanry
will commence their march to Doncaster, on Thursday, 17th
instant, where they are to remain on permanent duty 8 days.
They will halt that night at Pontefract, Ferrybridge and Aber_
ford, and march to Doncaster on Friday. -

MERINO SOCIETY'S ANNUAL SHEW OF SHEEP,
' WOOL. CLOTHS, AND YARN.

Yesterday the Sheep intended to be exhibited for the pre-
miums offered by individual Members. of this patriotic Society
were assembled in Mr. Aldridge's Repdsitory, in St. Martin's-
lane.

_ PURE Nlintrxo Rags.—C. C. Wetern, Esq. M.P., three ;
John Fane, Esq. M.P., one ; C. T. Towers, Esq. two ; Henry
' Read, Esq., two • Thos. Read, Esq., one ; Wm. 'Hervey, Esq.,
one ; and Thos. Henty, Esti., one. Mr. Western also sliewt;tl
an extra stock, four Merino Rams.
PURE 1.11RI:go ELVES.—C. C. Western, Esq. six ; John
Fane, Esq. three ; C. T. Towers, Esq. three •; 'rhos. Henty,
• Esq. three; and. Henry Read, Esq. three.
PURE MERINO IVETIIERS.—C. C. Western, Esq., M.P.
eight; John Lane, Esq. three; C. T. Towers, eight; Thorny
Henty, Esq. three; and Wm. Hervey, Esq. three; C. T.
TOWers also sliewed three of a cross between Merino and Rom-
ney Marsh sheep, and also some pigs of the Essex and Neapo-
litan breed.
CLOTHS, &e.—Mr. Joshua Steed shelved apiece of 28 yards
in length, of British transparent Merino Ladies' Cloth, from
wool grown by C. T. Towers, Esq.
Mn Fryer also •shewed several pieceS Of different coloured
British transparent Merino Cloth.; some of them were hand-
somely embroidered, to form Ladies' dresses.

SPQR.TING INTELLIGENCE.

BETTING AT
DER]

LI to 2 agst .rock
6 to 1 agst Gustavus
7 to 1 agst Charm

WMARKE T

8 to 1 agst Reginald
12 to 1 agst Morel c.

OAKS.

4 to 1 agst 111 y Lady 5 to 1 agst Ibla
4 to 1 agst Augtista 7 to 1 agstZ:al.
NEWMARKET STAKES.
6 to 1 agst Morel •
7 to 1 agst Lawrence.

7 to 2 ag,st Gustavus
7 to 2 agst Charm
5 to 1 agst brother to Bourbon

NEWMARKET FIRST SPRING MEETING, 1821..
TaIIII.SI3AY, MAY.IO..
Ld Jersey's brother to Oracle, Ist. 71b. beat Ld Exeter's
Athenian, Bst. 91b. T.Y.C. 100gs.-12 to 8 on br. to Oracle.
The 1000 gs Stakes, of 100 gs each, h. ft. for fillies, Bst. 41b.
1'). M. Rising 3 yrs old.
D. of Grafton's b. Zeal,, by Partisan
Ld Suffield's b. by Maley, out of Aquilina
Ld Foley's Breeze, by Soothsayer, out of Blowing 3
Ld Grosvenor's b. Bittern, by Thunderbolt, out of Plover 4
Mr. Rush's b. by Waxy, out of Oliveira
H. R. 11. the D. of York's by Aladdin, out of sister to Parisot
Three pd —5 to 4on Zeal-5 to 1 agst Bittern.
Sweepstakes,of 100 gs each, h. ft. for three-yr-olds. A.F.
Ld Jersey's Sporus, brother to Master Henry, ist. Vb
Mr. Prince's c. by Ardrossan, out of Vicissitude, Bst. Mb 2
Ld G. 11. Cavendish's Tiger,• Bst. 51b.
Four pd:-8 to 4on Sporus-4 to 2 agst Ardrossan c.
Ld Exeter's Athenian, 9st. 21b. beat Mr. Udny's sister to
Jobson, 7st. 121 b. T.Y.C. 100gs-5 to 4 agst Athenian.
The King's Plate of 100 gs, for four-yr-olds, list. five, list. Mb.
six and aged, 12st. R.C.
Mr. Pettit's b. h. Master Henry, 5 yrs
Mr. Wyndham's gr. c. Little John, 4 yrs
Sir J. Shelley's b. c. Antar, 4-yrs
sto 2 agst Master Henry.--2 to 1 on-Antar

0 1
0 2
0 3

Yesterday Prince LEOPOLD arrived in town
from Claremont, and had a numerous party to
dinner.-=—On Wednesday the Duke and Duchess
of GLOUCESTER had a dinner party.
MARQUESS Or DROGIIEDA._We have much satisfaction.
in being enabled to state, that the venerable Nobleman 'above
named, whose death "was published in the London Papers as
having. taken place in London, on Monday last, is now at his
house in Sackville-street, Dublin, quite as well in health as he
has been for many years past, and as his great age can admit
of.—(llibernian Journal, May 7.)
LONDON MISSIONARY SOCIETY.--A meeting
of this Society whs held yesterday at the Chapel
in Queen-street, Lincoln's-,lim-fields. The as-
semblage was so numerous that crowds went
away without being able to obtain admission.
A very gratifying Report of the results of the
Society was read and "a liberal subscription raised.
W. A. HANKEY, Esq. was in the Chair.
RELIGIOUS TRACT SOCIETY.—AS early as 3
o'clock yesterday afternoon, between seven and eight hundred
persons assembled in the City Of London Tavern, to hear the
twenty-second Report of this Society read ; and a little before
five o'clock the Rev. Mr. RAINER arrived, and was unani-
•mously called to the Chair. The meeting was occupied• from
three o'clock till the Chairman came in singing Psalms and
Hymns, and other acts of devotion:- After an appropriate and
eloquent address from the Rev. Chairman, the Report was
read by the -Secretary, and was highly satisfactory. A very
large sum was collected fi-om the meeting.
Mr. KEAN had his farewell benefit at the New
York Theatre on the Gth April, on which occasion
he played Jaffier for the first time. This con-
cluded his engagement and last appearance in
that city. lie was announced to perform the cha-
racter of the Duke of Gloucester, in the Tragedy
of Richard the Third, at the Philadelphia Thea-
tre, on the 9th.

Sir ISAAC NEWTON 'discovered his theory or
attraction ,by the fall of an apple.; and an equally
powerful attraction may be discovered by pe-
rusing the Scheme of the new Lottery, which,
for half the usual price of adventure, contains
Two of 1)21,000, and 4,005 other Prizes, all
certain to be drawn Next Thursday. Ticket
only Fourteen Guineas, Sixteenths only Twenty

THE LONDON JOURNALS.

[DAILY EXTRACTS FROM THE MORNING PAPERS.]

[NEW TIMES.] ,
Advices from Constantinople, of a later date
than any hithil,rto received, have reached us by
the way of MarseilleS. They are contained in
letters of the 2d of April, from the Turkish
capital, which appears to have become much
'pore tranquil than it had been for some
'time preceding. The writers express little
-alarm at the insurrections in Wallachia and
Moldavia. They say, indeed, that the artn-
ing of the Turkish population to oppose the
• Irp-nrgents, is likely to occasion disturbanceS of
another kind. Already several Bulgarians and
others have coMmitted robberies and similar ex-
• Cesses, in the neighbourhood of Constantinople ;
buz active measures have been adopted to put a
• stop to this evil. In addition to the persons who
'have already fallen Victims to the resentment of
• the Turkish Government, these letters announce
the death of four individuals, who have been de-
• tect;:sl in a correspondence with the Insurgent
CTliifs in Moldavia, and are, it is said, related to
them. The Vizier and :Mufti have also been
deposed. The alarm Which had been created in
the capital had, as appears by these accounts,
totally sulßided, and the commerce of the place
had renewed its activity. The Civil and.. Mil-
itary Authorities were, however, pursuing the
most determined measures against all persons
proved to be in connexion with the Greek Revo-
lutionists.

[MORNING POST.]
The revolution in the Brazils is now complete.
The example of Pernambuco and Bahia has been
followed at Rio Janeiro, and :the King has ac-
septed the Constitution as proclaimed in Por-
tugal. A private letter from Rio Janeiro
of the Ist of March adds.:-,-," We send you
fhe decrees and Gazette relative to the
events of the,24tlrand 26th ult., when the King
t.tified the Constitution formed in Portugal;
with the further engagement, that the same shall
apply generally throug,hout the Portuguese domi-
nions: By this timely concession all disorders
were prevented, and we have experienced no in-
terruption to business. The revolution has been
entirely brought by the troops from the Mother
Country, and the natives of the same, resident
here."

rDRITISI[ PRESS.]
The proceedings in Parliament last night pos-
sessed a considerable share of interest. The
Grampound Diirranchisement Bill was read a
second _time in the "House or Lords, and ordered
to be committed on Monday. We are glad to
find that the Earl of Liverpool ad vocated
,the
general principle of the Bill, and thus admitted
the propriety of depriving the Freemen and
Householders of a Borough of the elective fran-
chise whenever they shall be shown to have
abused for mercenary purposes_ this noblest pri-
vilege of Englishmen. The Noble Earl, how-
ever, does not approve of the choice that has
been made by the House of Commons of the
place to which the right of electiotris to be trans-
ferred ; and instead of giving the boon to Leeds,
he proposes that two additional votes should be
given to the County of York. This measure he
will propose to the Committee on Monday night.
The Lord Chancellor did not express an opinion
upon the principle of the Bill, but reserved his'
sentiments until the Bill should be referred to
the Committee., We now begin to hope that
Grampound will actually be deprived of the
elective franchise, and it is satisfactory to think
that the tight of electing two Members cannot
be bestowed more unworthily.

[MORNING ticuiLn.]
Foreign intelligence from various -quarters ar-
rived-since our last. It is gratifying- that the
revolutiOn which has taken place at Rio Janeiro,
the seat of the Brazilian Government, has shed
no blood. The Government, it would appear,
placed itself at the head of the movement rather
pro:criptly, and with a good grace, by the adviceof
the Minister, Arcos—probably it was the wisest
course, there appearing to be no alternative,
either present or in the reserve. A private letter
from Madeira intimates the approach of a coun-
ter'revolution there—an event to be-regretted for
the sake Of .humanity, as the revulsion would
be more .violent and vindictive than the first
Movement. Such an event, however, does not
appear probable. The impulse throughout the
Portuguese Colonies generally is the other way.
There are accounts from .Spain of a .painful, but
not at all alarming character. The" able and
intrepid Curate -Merino," as the French Papers
call; him, has closed his fighting mission ; but
with a spirit not unlikeyopd Julius the Second;
His band .is annihilated, -and it is supposed-he
has himielf. been killed.. The Vittoria band of
tiaitors_are -shut 'up, withotit resource, in Salva-
tietra. We have -little doubt that the disafiec-
tion will
80-ottcease in SPaiii. When the enemies.
orthe Constitution learn'that all 'hope of a
.Rns-
sian visit is at end; they wilFfecil the necessity of.
throwing 'up- the -game.

[MORNING GIIIIONICLE.]
As we have more than once expressed it as our
opinion, The causes which operated in Portugal
could not fail to produce 'the: -same effects in the
Brazils. The people there could no longer sub-
mit to a degrading-system of .mis--g-overtrtent; or
endure abuses serving onlrto enrich hungry and
ainbitiouS speculators. Besides the defects in.
the administration and judicial department, -the,
Treasury of the Brazils' Was filled' with- mal-
practices, and the •people" took ' occasion to
evince their feelingi towards certain Merchants,
whose connections with it were not unknoWn
to them as soon as they were able. In the
situation in which the Portuguese King was
placed, he could not have adopted a wiser plan
than to adhere to the new .Constitution, and send
his eldest son over to Portugal; -but abo-ve
all, lie could- not have acted more judiciously
than in dismissing those Minister's" Who had de=
laded him, and lcist the confidence Of the nation.
COttnt Palmella's plan was tO‘airopt a system of
intrigue in order to counteract *hat had been

done in Portugal, in wilich if the King had per-
sisted, he-would have ruined himself for ever. It
is a well known fact, that the Minn has a good
heart, and is strongly attached to his people

but it has long been his misfortune to be sur-.
rounded by- weak and corrupt advisers,,who had
'eventually led him to the brink of the precipice,
where he folind himself when he awoke froth his
lethargy on the (j.Gth of .last Feb. This memo-
rable event will no doubt be received with the
greatest joy am rd exultation in Portugal, and so
happy a completion of a bloodless revolution must
endear those who had the courage to undertake it,
in the hearts of their grateful countrymen. How
-dif-
ferent do they stand in the eyes of Europe, when
compared to -those diplomatic agents and others,:
who, out of mere officiousness, and in direct op-
position to- the interests, aild even the wishes of:
the King, have been plotting. blockades, hosti-
lity, &c. against their insulted country. Fortu-
nately time whole of their schemes have been of
no avail, since they have not, for one single in-
stant, retarded the sure Operation of the cause of
freedom and. regeneration throughout the Portu-
guese dominions, but,. if possible, rendered it
more triumphant. The Ding has seen, his error
in time, and the opportunity is now left to him
of reigning over _a happy and rising nation.

rT 11 TIAI ES.]
The week has -been fertile: in 'Parliamentary
Debates of great. interest .to the State, though
they have but little excited the warmth of par-
ties : and 'this is the more singular, as two of
them have been upon subjects on which the two,
great parties of the nation, or rather the nation
itself, and a powerful faction opposed to it, are
at variance. . The decision upon- Lord John Ras.
seli's motion for Parliamentary Reform, though
in the negative, was justly greeted, with the ac-'
clamations of a triumph: a majority. in favour of
the present corrupt system of.only 31, in a House
consisting of 279 Members, affords. a cheering
prospect of the final issue. For ourselves, we
rejoice at this 'earnest of 'future success,. both
from respect ,for the Noble Lord himself, and,
because his project is a moderate one. Of vio-
lent and Radical Reforms we deprecate the. very
-mention ; both because the measures themselves
would be destructive of public liberty, and because
the too frequent use of the termsserves \to excite
terror. But we are well assured, that a cautious
and timely removal of glaring abuses in the re-
presentation Of "the country, is the only sure me-
thod of preventing that justly dreaded evil, of
unintelligible and undefined extent—a radical
reform. Lord• John Russell's motion was simply
to-endow certain towns of vast poptilation With
the power of sending representatives to Parlia-
ment—a power or right which so clearly apper-
tains to them, that it 'cannot be contested in ar-
gument one moment, and can only be set aside
by authority devoid of' reason ; except indeed it
can be proved that twenty thousand Englishmen
of Birmingham are less worth in' the scale of the
creation than ten men of Gatton, or St. Germain's,
or any other of the rotten Cornish boroughs.

On Tuesday, also, Mr. Scarlett made his mo-
tion for the Reform of the Poor Laws. Ile con-
cluded with three propositions: the first was, not
to suffer future assessments to exceed those of
last year; the second, to refuse parochial relief,
in cases where the only ground for applying was
the want of work—a healthy labouTer being thus
obliged not only to work, but also to find work
for himself ; and the third was the abolition of
the powers of removing paucers. We are rather
favourable to that course which obliges public
Ministers, such as Parish Overseers are, to per-
form the operations for a fixed sum, leaving the
distribution of its parts to, themselves : but has
not .the Overseer, who is himself rated, already a
sufficiently strong motive to keep the rates low ?
The present system of removals is at once bur-
densome to parishes and severe to the poor. This
is that portion of the Poor Laws m hich both calls
most strongly, for reform, and for which, we
think, some beneficial substitution might be de-

*** Wesconsider the Biil in question as so important to the
community at large, that- we have inserted the whole of it in
TtlE SUN of this day.

PROVINCIAL JOURNALS.

[FROM THE CHESTER COURANT.]
ST \TE OF THE Coirwrn.Y.—While the interesting events
Of the war continued-to excitepublic attention, the Britsh news-
paper press seldom needed the extrinsic aid of political agitation
to command a circulation 'of its commodity. But when this
source of excitation was dried up, iE became necessary, for the
maintenance of numerous prints which -had /started up as
vehicles of IMPORTANT, and EARLY, and AUTHENTIC
news, to turn from the barren field of historical record, to the
more fruitful soil of political disquisition. In this speculation,
newspaper Editors had wonderful success ; their efforts were
greatly aided by the unfortunate state of the country, produced
from a variety of causes, but principally from the new and dis-
advantageons situation in *litch-the conclusion of a long war
had left us: The national distress was instantly as a
subject to criminate the conduct of government ; and presently
Radical Reform was discovered to be the Only remedy for our
calamities. This project formed a fine topic of declamation,
and wild,, and visionary, and dangerous as it was, its advocates
advanced with an appalling celerity, until by the patriotisM of
the sound part of the community, and the energy of the govern-
ment, the hopes of, 'the disaffected were entirely cut off by the
prosecution and incarceration of some of the principal leaders.—
Then came the heated discussions on the Unfortunate Manches-
ter concern ; which -lastedfor a time, and contributed to main-
tain that part of the press, dependant on its support upon the
existence of real or supposed grievances. But, just as this sub-
ject was quietly sinking into the shade, another, and- the most
prolific in emolument, because taking ,faster hold of the pas-
sions of the rose up—and Tisz QUEEN ! THE
QUEEN ! was reiterated from one end of the kingdom to the
Other: The Mania had' its rise and progress,- but having
reached its acme, it suddenlrdisappearedfrom the body politic
—and the nation seemed IN DANGER of settling into a peace-
ful and quiet frame. Some trifling hopes presented themselves
'o.those whose souls are never' right but when fishing in troubled
waters, by the bursting forth of • Italian and Piedmontese pa-
triotism: but alas, it pm/eel a vanishing ephemera, at once
-disappointing the hopes and thwarting the interests of our
newspaper,patriots. The agitation.of the Catholic claims has
done them no: more service ;" and now that hardly a question
of strong feeling can produced with any degree of novelty;
what are our political declaimers to do- for a subject to gratify
their own ill temper, or. disturb the peace of the community ?
The excess of taxation is an evil deeply felt by every class of
the community ; but what are we bettered by-being daily re-
minded of it, unless some practical • good is likely to result.—
Nor do we think, that the exploded doctrine of radical reform
can ever again be revived, with that mischievous success which
formerly attended it. Sound philosophy and common sense
direct us to estimate our' good et its highest possible rate; our
evil- at the lowest. Whatever, therefore, be the aminint of the
calamities we have as a nation been. called to endure, the high
colouring they have received from "exaggerated statements, can
only have increased their magnitude. But, in spite of the as-
sertions of all who incessantly labour to 'cast a gloom over our
national circumstances, the country is unquestionably recover-
ing from its general distresses. The manufacturing districts par-
ticularly are in a state of comparative activity: the Mechanic

finds employment ; poor rata are eenerally on the decrease ;
commerce is certainly reviving ; and although much cause df
complaint still exists among our agriculturists, it cannot be
doubted bat improvement in this branch of our national re-
sources will 'speedily succeed that of our other branches of na-
tional dependance. In the_rnean time, let us look at the en-
tierty of our political liberties, which at this moment, we speak
soberly and advisedly, after a thousand prophecies of thraldom
and slavery, are as extensive and complete, as ever they were
since the English nation had existence.
