FRANCE:.

(Prozo the Morning Chronicle Paris Co r respondent. )
" iIEPORTCI) lIEVOLUTIoN IN I.:NC:LAND"

PROCESS AGAINST THE EX.AIiNbTERS Of? (VARIAN X

POPULARITY OF NLW

PARIS, NOV. 13, 1830.

1 knew you would be occupied with this Lord
Mayor's Show, affair, and the alarmed and distracted
Duke of Wellington, and for a weak I have abiouined
Isom writing.
This " conspiracy" hes afforded us some sport,
and bus served to
,wile away en hour or two of these
" dark November evenings !" We have laughed
heartily at the Duke of Wellington being protected
by Earl Grey—and have even gone as far as to read
the old plsy of " Much Ado about Nothing," in
older to keep pace with this solemn joke.
If the Duke of Welliagton were not knoWn to
be a brave man, we might be 110144i11t enough to, up,
,ply to him the old proverb, " The cowardly man
says that he is cautious, us the miser says that he
is sparing." In tine, we all laugh at this " Cock.
lane Ghost," and wonder whether it bus been a
farce got up for the sake of effect. When the news
Slat arrived, the old Ultras arid Itoyaligs were to
he seen actually running' about with joy, thongh
they have not run about before for these forty yeers
past and in order to cynical their delight that nig•
land, who had acknowledged Louis Philip King of
-the French, Lvas now the scene of attarchy and
revolution, some of theta proposed to open ,61
stription list "for the widows and orphans of those
who fell in the streets °Menden in the defence of
the liberties of their c'untry Go tine 91), 10th, and
lith November, 1830." "I am ant jesting when I
say thee, for I heard some cif-them propoee the
measure. Otte more saguienus titan the rest eug
gested the propriety of waiting for the next courier,
and yesterday, whed" the mountain had been de.
livered, and a mouse bad been the offspring, the
poor old Royalists consoled themselves by sayitia
" that the Revolution was postponed for a few dela',
and that they should still, ere tong, have to eotr.
tnence- the subscription l!" Even Liberals hoped
that there would be a change of Ministry in England.
They said, one and all, that the Duke of Wellington
bad, by his decimation us to Reforto„ rendered his
continuance as Minister nearly impossible, and
naturally enough desired that an Administration
'night be found suited to the age in which we live,
and the match of public affair* end public opinion.
Our new Ministers were, of course, confounded.
They. contemplated an " amicable errengemetit" of
the effsirs In 4elgium, by driving away the -Dutch,'
acrd allowing the Belgians to establish what Govern-
ment they pleased ;—titit when they heard thal
William IV., King of England, dared not, sit 'puling
to the opinion of his Prime Miniiter, proceed to the,
City of Lothm, to dine with thus Chief Magistrate
and chief citizens, they naturally doubted Whether a
Monarch,, so unhappily situated, would venture to
4,,terrere in any (meant politics at all. The EUglish
et Paris I sincerely - For -twenty-four boars
they were in a Mate of the greetest 'anxiety, anti even
$4llll. $OlllO french wags BVell'Witited iftlatigh

say--" The English left Paris for Brussels on ac-
count of our revolution. . When they arrived at
Brussels they found a second ; and when they left
Brussels for dear dirty London, they arrived just in
time for fogs and a conspiracp" I have said thus
much abot4tlits affair, because for. three days past
it has been our all-absorbing subject of conversation ;
and now, of jest and amusement. I will merely re-
mind the Duke of Wellington of the motto of an
Irish Peer." Timet pudorem",--" He fears shame !"
Does the Duke understand this feeling ? Then ►ce.
may yet expect to hear of a Reform in Parliament,
or a change of Ministry. The Bentleys here are
very angry with the Duke, for his City Ghost 11114
sent down the funds nearly two per cent. ! He was
a favourite, for the Duke was always a friend to
high prices ; but he is favourite no longer with there,
and will never be again, until French Three per
Cents, are ut 80, and English ut 00 ! ! When will
this be ?

The New Ministry in France is decidedly popular !
With us it is a rule, that if the people do not find
fault they are satisfied, This you will say is
negative praise ; but it is not the less satisfactory.
At the present time, however, the people go furthe►
than this, and express themselves content. Yes,
France is satisfied, and France does not believe that
these men will impede the march of the revolution.
They love order and so does she. They love the
execution of, and obedience to the laws, and so does
she. But they also love the principles of the Revo-
lution of 1830, and are resolved on marching with
it, and on. obtaining for France all the benefits she
has the right to expect mid claim ; and all these
feelings and sentiments are those of France.

What will be done with the Ex-Ministers ? This
is a question which must soon be disposed of, or we
shall so in have renewed disturbances, popular meet-
ings, and clamour. Delay will not meet the diffi-
culty. The Government hopes that time may calm
the irritated feelings of the populace, and that in
December or January they will be more likely to be
tried by impartial judges, and freed from external
terror and violence. I. think they are mistaken,
though I respect their motives. The people are
jealous of being saved from themselves. They say,
".Cannot we be trusted, who in August might
have marched to Rambouillet and destroyed Chat lee
the Tenth, every member of his family, and a great
portion of the Ex-Ministers ?" There is no reply-
ing to this. The people will have the'e men tried
as traitors; and if convicted,
.they will have them
punished us such.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, TUESDAY, Nov. 16.

At Half•past Four their Royal Highnesses the Dukes of
Glouresteitind Cumberland entered the Howe,

Lords 11A RDWICKE, HADDINUTON, DACIE, and
WHAIthCUFFE, presented petition.~ from various parts,
against the continuance of slavery.
The Duke of RICHMOND presented a petition from
Kent, complaining of the hut then of taxation, and the great
general distress prevailing in that county.
