MALT TAX.

Sir R. SIMEON presented a petition from the inhabi-
tants of the Isle of Wight, praying for the immediate
repeal of the malt tax.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.

Sir FRANCIS BLAKE presented a petition from the
Primitive Methodists in Berwick-upon-Tweed, in favour
of the immediate abolition of slavery. The Hon. Mem
her supported the prayer of the petition.
Mr. M'LEOD presented a petition for borough reform
from Nairn, and regretted the Lord Advocate's Bill had
not given entire satisfaction to the people of Scotland.
The petitioners objected to the limited nature of the con-
stituency, and to the power given to the Provost and
other burgh officers. He concurred with the petitioner-
to a considerable extent, and thought their suggestion-
worthy of the attention of the Comtnittee.—Referred to
the Committee.

Sir J. TYRELL presented a petition from Manning-
tree and other places in Essex, for the abolition of slavery
and tithes, and the better observance of the Sabbath ; also
from the housekeepers of Essex, against beer shops; also a
petition from Braintree and Bocking, in favour of the
repeal of the house and window tax.

Mr. ROEBUCK presented a petition from London and
Westminster, signed by 2337 persons, praying that the
British Museum and other scientific places might be open
on Sundays, as a means of diverting the working classo
from public-houses, &c. When Sir Andrew Agnew's
Bill came before the House, he should move that the
prayer of the petition be embodied in one of the clausea.
He had also a petition from a boy, named George Barber,
who had been imprisoned for selling unstamped publica-
tions. lie pointed out that newsvenders lent papers out
for hire without being punished, although the penalty for
each act was fil. Also, a petition from Richard Cathie,
who complained to him that he had not been able
to get any Member to present his petition.—(Hear.)
His petiti-n contained nothinr; improper, and he should
think it a breach of duty, if he did not present the peti-
tion of any person that r quired him. Mr. Carlile had
now been in prison for three years, being unable to find
security to keep the peace, for the t-rm of his sentence
was only two years. The Hon. Member then detailed
from the petition, the heads of the persecutions, as ll-
should call them, Mr. Carlile had suffered, and took occa-
sion to make some strong remarks upon the incompetency
of the present Recorder, and hoped he would not long
encumber the country with his service.
Mr. LAMB stated, in reference to the petition of Geo.
Barton, who complained of having been imprisoned for
selling unstamped publications, that no mitigating circum-
stances had been stated, except that another branch of the
Act of Parliament had been frequently infringed without
any punishment following. As to the petition of Richard
C irlile, his prosecution by the Attorney-General had been
perfectly justifiable, and deserved punishment indepen-
dently of his previous character and conduct. The
publication he had written and circulated among
the agricultural population when the fires were
blazing in almost every county in the kingdom,
had been pronounced by a properly constituted jury to be
libellous and tending to excite to incendiarism. The
conduct and principles of this individual were extremely
shocking to every virtuous mind ; and the justification
now held forth was most frivolous. At the same time
he (Mr. Lamb) would make inquiry into the allegations
contained in the petition.
Mr. O'DWYER reprobated the opinions and conduct
which had been entertained and pursued by the unfortunate
Carlile, but expressed hie hope that some inquiry would
take place into the circumstances of his case.
Mr. ROEBUCK in explanation stated, that he bad not
the remotest intention, in presenting the petition, to ad-
vocate or approve of the principles entertained by Mr.
Carlile.
