THE SUN, LQADON. THURSDAY, jitistUAßY 9. IP4O,

astical Court, would have answered the justice of '
the case. It is, however, rohable that the RE-
CORDER was aware that in such a Court the wife
could get no redress on account of the expense, anti,
therefore, he punished the man to gratify the ven-
geance of the woman. If that be a clue to the matter,
the public will see in it an additional reason for re-
forming our Ecclesiastical Courts, or for creating
some tribunal which may settle, cheaply and expedi-
tiously, the many vexatious disputes and differences
that arise between married parties only. For all
wrongs committed between master and servant the
law has endeavoured to provide redress, but the
more important wrongs frequently committed be-
tween husband and wife are left, in the present
state of our ecclesiastical tribunals, without provi-
sion and redress.

The debate on the Address, in answer to the
Speech from the Throne commenced in the French
Chamber of Peers on Monday. The principal
orators were M. CHARLES DUPIN, who spoke
against the Address and the Ministry; M. DAL-
TON SHEE, who attacked the Ministry only ; M.
DUFA URE, Minister of Public Works, who de-
fended himself and his colleagues; and M. MOLE,
who spoke in favour of the Ministry of the 15th of
April. M. CHARLES DUPIN reversed the argu-
ments of the British Tories as regards France, repre•
senting her as miserable at home, and contemptible
abroad, while, on the contrary, England was pros-
perous and respected in every part of the world.
There was nothing novel in the arguments on either
side, and after a good deal of talk the two first para-
graphs of the address were voted without a division.
The Colonial Council of Martinique has voted
the emancipation of the slaves in that colony to be
impossible, without exposing the slave-owners to
be massacred, and securing the return of the slaves
to a state of barbarism. What .an appalling com-
mentary is this upon the horrors of slavery !

The latest news from Africa is of the 28th ult.
The colonists in the plains were continually ha-
rassed by the Arabs, ,vho carried off their cattle,
and hindered their defensive works. Several skir-
mishes had taken place, in which casual losses were
sustained on both sides. On the 26th, a French
merchant vessel, the Frederic AdolPhe,' While fif-
teen miles from the shore, had been attacked and
captured by an armed vessel from Cherchell, a point
nearly half way between Algiers and Oran. The
Sphynx and Crocodile steamers, with a detach-
ment of the 23d of the Line, went to Cherchell,
.at d
found the vessel ashore. She was therefore burnt.
The Arabs resisted the burning of the vessel, and
the French had four killed and 13 wounded.

ABD-EL-KADER had received a deputation
from the Sultan of MOROCCO, who recognised
him as Grand Khaliff of Algiers. An attack on
Oran was hourly expected.

BOURSE.—PAkIS, MONDAT, JAN. 6.
first Highest Lowest Last
Price Pr. ice.
French 5 per Cents III 81) Il icl
7 e 0
...Price. 11165 ... IPr 1 65
4 per Cents lO2 50 102 50 102 50 .b. 102 50
3 per Cents SO 70 SO 70 ... 80 W ... 30 00
Bank of trance 3OlO ...3015 ...:3010 —3015
Laftitte Bank I,ooof. Sh 1045 _1945 ...11.145 —1 45
5,000 f. 5170 ...5170 ...5165 ...5167 50
Belgiansank lll5
..
845 533 . 8.15
per Cents 102!4 10•44 ... 102% ... 102%
3 per Cents 72 20 ... 72 2J 7z 1 ... 72
Passive
Spanish Active .......... 24% ... 25 ... 21% ...
Portuguese 3 per Cents 23* 53, 6 5h ... 6
233 i ... 2354
RNeavolitan
oman ............................. 1111% ... 102 10A •
1911
RAILWAY SHARES.
St. Germain ..................... 570 570 ... 570 ... 570
Versailles, R. B ........ ........ 490 ... 495 ... 41/3 406
LB. .................. 325 ... 328 75 ... 525 2..:11.7 50
....
davre ......................... 995 ... 995 ... 995 91.5
Orleans ................... 442 :051 ... 442 10 ... 442 50 442 50
Strasburg to sale 3IS 75 ... 320 ... 31$ 75 ... 3..11

ASPHALTES AND BITUMENS.
Yarn (Pdabecly's) ......... ...... 4::0 ... 42J ... 410

410

AUSTRIAN FUNDS.—Viesms, Dec. 21.•
Ilse per Cents. Mutalliques ..... ........
NOWT per Cents. •••••••••••.••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••«•• 1. I%
Three per Cents. •••••••••. 1/.*
Bank Shares .......... .......... ;
dttQenleineZeitunp, Ja 4.

MONEY AND COMMERCIAL NitIVS

WEDICESDAY EVENTi6i.
Up to this hour we are without any advices of the
arrival either of the overland mail from India or the Mes-
sage ofthe President of the United States. The merchants
connected with the China and AMerican trades are
consequently in a state of very considerable excitement.
The tea sales to-day have proceeded very flatly. Scarcely
one-tenth of the quantity put up to-day was sold.
Prices all round may be quoted 4d. to 6d. per lb. lower
than at the December sales. The American merchants
are operating but slightly, indeed only to suit imme-
diate wants, until they are in receipt of later news from
the westward.

The depression which was observable in the English
Funds in the early part of the day subsided this after-
noon, and prices fully recovered what they had previously
lost. We are not, however, of opinion, that the market
is so healthy as it might be. For the opening Consols
doted at 92} it, Exchequer Bills rose to 6 7 premium,
India Bonds rallied to 1 discount, and India Stock to
2511.
The Foreign Market was better this afternoon.
Spanish Consols brought 24f ; Portuguese New
Five per Cents. 36i, and Mexican an advance to
31i ; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents. fell to 521.
There was more fluctuation in the Share Market.
The Birmingham Shares rose to 61 premium ; the
Great Western dropped to f and 1 premium ; the
Brighton rallied to I 1 discount, and the Southampton
fell to 4 discount.

(From The Sun of Las( Night.)
LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, JAN. 7.—The sales
of this day are 2,500 bags, without any change of prices.

Arrivals this morn;
ship lett
llisal
in respe
begins t-.
chants.

usual French mail. No

from day to day
' States, which
iblic and trier-
-1 affairs can-

not account fly.-
Wc are also this morning without arrivals from any
other quarter, with the exception of the usual French
mail and express from Paris, which does not furnish
any continental news of importance.

Consols, which left off yesterday at 921 for the Ac-
count, opened rather lower this morning, and may be
qu,oted at 92,i 1 for the Account ; Money, 90-, a ex-
dividend ; Exchequer Bills, 2 4 prem. ; Bank Stock,
1781 ; India Stock, 2501 2.511 ex-dividend ; India
Bonds, 4 2 discount.

Hamburg, which is the chief exchange, was higher
yesterday , that of Paris and Amsterdam does not
effect the exportation of gold.
In the Foreign Market Spanish Active left off yes-
terday 241 i, and this morning it opened lower at
24.1 i ; Portuguse, at the closing price, 364 ; Three
per Cents. 24i 2.5 ; Brazilian, 72} 73 ; Colombian,
241 25 ; Mexican, 294 301 ; Dutch Tvvu-and-a-Hall
per Cents., 52 i ; Five per Cents., 994 ; Spanish De-
ferred, 14 i ; Passive, 6i. i.
We have no accounts as yet of the overland express
from India, which is much looked for.
PRICES OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONIZ O'CLOCX,
(Sauk stork l7Byi India Stock
I pee Cent. Red. ....... ....11R li 14 % Ditto Bonds
I per Cent. Cons. ........ ..... .9 4 1 South Sea Stock —3;,, per Cent — Old Annuities
New 34 per Cent... ....... ....131% St
Ditto lied. S 2 44.3,4 N New Ditto
3 per Cant. Annuities, 17 i
New 5 per Cent.
Bank Long Annuities toexpire Ditto 500 . a 6 pm.
Jan; 5,186 A l4 1-16%, Ditto Small 1... 3 6 i.m.
Oct. 10, 1859... ......... .... --- Ditto Commoietal —
Jan. 5, 1%0 --1 Ditto Advertised .....
Jan. 5, 1850 — Rana Stock for Account ...
April 5, 188(t — India Stock for Account . •
Jan. 5.1970 • — Consos for Account.... 92%4
PRICES OF FOREIGN FU NDS THIS DAI AT ONE 0 Cl.t iC lc
Austrian Bonds — Peruvian Bonds 16%%
Belgian Bonds
Ditto Account
Brazilis A Bonds
Ditto Account
3nenos •kyres Bonds — Ditto, 3 per Cent........ 24.,
Ditto Icrount .........
ailiza 3ond i Prussian Bonds —
Dtto tcccr. nt — Russian Bands, 185'2 —
Co kunt t -.2< 71ds Ditto Account —
Ditto loco, nt
La alt 4! 3. 'de 1824
.1: tto lot o.int — Ditto Account .24% !.,2 %%
Canith la d . Pesaro
Ditto At t:t nt 'Deferred 113:4
Great Minds.... ............ ....• French, 5 pli cont.... —l. .--e.
Ditto Bonds, 1823 ...... ...." 4 per Mt. —l. —C.
Ditto Account — --- 3 pa* cent. —f —l.
Mexicali /fonds, 5 per Cent , --. Este/NINO. —f. —c•
----
Ditto Account ' Dutch, 2y.i pervent. 512%
Ditto, 6 per Cent.
Ditto Account
Neapolitan — Ditto Acc0unt........ ......
nucEs OF SHARKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Railwa Groat WestePaid. Per Share,
rn y ComPan7 ................, 65

Ditto New ........ 20 19 18%
Brighton tta,Away ............. .« ... ~..: ........... .. 30 18%%
London and Birmingham Railway Company.« 90 lb 50
- Ditte % Shares . .... •••••••••• 5 22% II
London and Croydon Railway Conepany ...... ..« 14/. las. 641. 46%
Union Bank of Australia
The chief feature to notice is the Bank of England,
where a great bustle prevails ; crowds are flocking there
to receive their dividends, which are now paying.
To the present hour we continue without any in-
formation respecting the arrival of the Liverpool steamer
or the other packets from New York.
Consols, which were rather heavy in the early part
of the day. are at present better for Money, and may
he quoted 901, 91, for the Account 92/ i ; Exchequer
8i115,.3 6 prem., improved ; India Bonds, 3 dis. ; Bank
Stock, 1781 ; India Stock, 9.51, ex. div
•
In the Foreign Market the chief business doing was
in Portuguese and Spanish Stock, the former receded
to 35k, at present 361 ; Spanish was done at 24,1,
since which it has improved to 241 ; Mexican, 30i
Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents, . 521 ; Five per
Cents, 99/ ; Spanish Deferred, 1 11 i.
IVe are very dull in the City for want of intelligence.
CLOSING PRICES.
BRITISH FONDS
Bank Stock I'S India Stack °51%
3 per Cent. lied Ol i 4 , Ditto Bonds
3 per Cent Crais. 9l Ditto Old Annuities —
3)<, per Cent. Red O3l, ,Ditto New Annuities
New 3s.', per Cent 09% lEx Bills, 1,000/ 2il 7 dis.
New 5 per Cent ...... ........ ..... -- Ditto 5001 5 dis.
Long Annuities to expire Ditto 5001 5 dis.
Jan. 1800 ..,,.«,.......... Hi, Bank Stock for Opg ...... .......
Oct. 1859
Jan 1860
..•. 92%
1,0 ItEla N FUNDS
Austrian, 5 per cent Portuguese Bonds, sper cent.
Belgian, 5 per cent......... - Ditto, New Ditto
Brazilian Bonds • • — Prussian, 5 per cent
oCDDorii
ttel ottenomk:
6lg; ~42, nen4r,., : 6::
.!,iet
..Br.
2.. lie, 1
tn:t .51.. ,
e..
..
r..
i.
.........
...
:22 56 Spanish,Fl.
x:Ditto,:l
Dutch,
Buenos Ayres, 6 per cent.,,,, Russian Bonds, 5 per cent —
Chilian, 6 per cent Ditto, Metallic
~..
.11%
Danish. 3 per cent ......... .... French, 5 per cent. r r
—f. —c.
Mexican, 5 per cent...« .... French, 3 per cent f. -- c.
524
per cent. Peruvian, 1825.6 per cont..: 1834 Ditto,s per cent...,. 99%
SHARES
Orcat Western Railway 66
Ditto New Shares ....
Gosport Junction Railway 20%
London and Brighton Railway lB%
London and Blackwell Railway
London and Birmingham Railway ILO
Ditto Quarter Shares
London and South Western Railway 4314
London and Croydon Railway (Trum ) lO%
.. .. ,11,g.pe:SfePerrredcenr

Manchester and Birminghani ltailwaay
North Midland Itiilwav
Ditto New Shares
South Eastern and Dover 1

CuAINIENCIA:MENT
OF THE

PENNY POSTAGE,

TO-1110RRoW.

COPY OF A TREASURY MINUTE,

DATED DEC. 26, 1839

My Lords read the Minute of the 23d of
August, proposing to receive communications from
the public with reference to the Letter Stamps
named in the Act 2 and 3 Victoria, cap. 52, and
offering certain rewards for the same.

The communications (more than 2,600 in num-
ber) received, in consequence of this Minute, have,
for a long time, occupied the attention of their
Lordships. Many of them display much ingenuity.
They are highly satisfactory, as evincing the inte-
rest taken by men of science, and by the public in
general, in the measures now in progress for
the reduction of postage, and they have af-
forded much useful information with reference
to the details of the new arrangements ; upon full
deliberation, however, their Lordships do not think
it will be advisable to adopt any one of the specific
plans proposed, without modification and cotnbina-
lion with other arrangements.

. After the best consideration my Lords can give
the subject, and with the view of awarding most
fairly between the parties, my Lords have decided
not to give the specific sums mentioned in their
minute of 23d August, but have selected four com•
munications which are the most distinguished
either for originality or for completeness, and from
which my Lords have derived the greatest service,
and decided to award the sums of 1001. for each.
The authors of these four communications are as
follows, the names being arranged alphabetically,
viz.:—Messrs. Bogardus and Coffin (who have
acted together) ; Mr. Benjamin Cheverton ; Mr.
Henry Cole, and Mr. Charles Whiting.
My Lords next proceed to take into consideration
the several points enumerated in the Minute of the
23d of August, and the suggestions connected
therewith which occur in the communications
already referred to.

Thejr Lordships, upon full consideration, have
decided to require that, as far as practicable, the
postage of letters shall be pre-paid, and to effect
such pre-payment by means of stamps. Their
Lordships are of opinion that the convenience of
the public will be consulted, more especially at first,
by issuing stamps of various kinds, in order that
every one may select that description of stamp
which is most suitable to his own peculiar circum-
stances ; and with a view of affording an ample
choice, their Lordships are pleased to direct that
the following stamps be prepared :
First, Stamped Covers—The stamp being struck
on pieces of paper of the size of half a sheet of 4to,
letter paper.

Second.—Stamped' Envelopes.—The stamp
being struck on pieces of paper of a lozenge form,
of which the stationers and uthers may manufacture
envelopes.

Third.—Adhesive stamps, or stamps on small
pieces of paper with a glutinous wash at the back,
which may be attached to letters either before or
after they are witten. And

Fourth.—Stamps to be struck on paper of any
description which the public may send to ,the
Stamp-office for that purpose.
The paper for the first, second, and third kinds
of stamps to be peculiar in its watermark, or some
other feature, but to be supplied to Government
by competition.

My Lords direct that • the Commissioners of
Stamps and Taxes, and 'the' Commissioners of
Excise, should receive the official directions to take
the necessary steps in conjunction. with this Board
and with the Postmaster-General for the prepara-
tion 'of the stamps herein enumerated.
Although the necessary experiments and investi-
gations which have been conducted under the di-
rection of this Board are already far advanced, my
Lords, fear that a considerable time will be required
for completing tne preparation of the dies, plates,
and machinery (much of which is unavoidably of a
novel construction), necessary for the manufacture of
.stamps ; and being desirous of affording to the pub-
lic, with the least possible delay, the full a'dvan-
rage of the intended reduction, in postage, their
Lordships propose at once to effect such reduction,
On the use of stamps, however, my Lords have
fully decided. They will be prepared with the
least possible delay, and, when ready, due notice
will be given of their introduction.
Having, therefore, communicated with the au-
thorities of the Post-office, my Lords are pleased
to direct that on the 10th day of January next, the
following arrangements shall come into operation :
The scale of weight already established for Ge-
neral Post letters to be extended to the London
district and other local post letters.
The charge on all letters passing between one
part of the United Kingdom and another, whether
by the General Post or the London district, or other
local post, to be one penny per single rate.
Such postage to be pre-paid—if not pre-paid to
be charged double on delivery.
Letters between the United Kingdom and the
Colonies to be charged, if conveyed by packet, and
not passing through France, at the rate of one shil-

ling per single rate ; and if conveyed by private ship,
at the rate of eightpence per single rate, in what-
ever part of the United Kingdom they may be posted
or delivered.

Letters between the United Kingdom and Fo-
reign Countries (those passing to, or from, or
through France excepted) to be charged as fol•

lows :---

If conveyed by packet, and posted at the port of
departure, or delivered at the port of arrival within
the United Kingdom, the present packet rates. If
posted or delivered in any other part of the United
Kingdom, 2d. per single rate, in addition to the
present packet rates, unless where a lower charge
shall now exist, in which case such lower charge to
continue.
If conveyed by private ship, Bd. per single rate in
whatever part of the United Kingdom they may be
posted or delivered.
With regard to foreign letters to and from France,
or passing through France, my Lords consider that
pending such modifications as may be introduced
into the Treaty with that country, the maximum of
the charge fur packet and inland postage• should
not exceed that rate which is now chargeable on a
letter to or from London, no alteration being
made in cases where the charge under the present
Treaty shall be less than such before-mentioned
rate.

The preceding reductions do not apply to letters
passing via France, between the United Kingdom
and the Mediterranean, Egypt, and the East Indies,
which will continue to be charged as at present.
Letters between the United Kingdom and
foreign countries will continue to be subject to the
same regulations with regard to pre-payment as at

present.
Lord Melbourne states to the Board her Ma-
jesty's desire that such measures may he taken
with reference to her Majesty's privilege of frank-
ing as my Lords may consider advisable for the
public service, and in conformity with the other
regulations which they may lay down with regard to
franks.

My Lords are pleased to direct that from and
after the 10th January next, the privilege of frank-
ing, both Parliamentary and official, shall cease.
The printed Votes and Proceedings of the Impe-
rial Parliament, or of the Colonial Legislatures of
either of her Majesty's colonies, if sent in the
manner now required by law, to be charged as fol. ,

lows, whether passing from one part of the United
Xifigdom to another, or between the United King-
dom and the Colonies, provided they do not pass
through France, or to the East Indies via Fal-
mouth--

Not exceeding 2 oz. in weight—ld.
Exceeding 2 oz. and not exceeding 4 oz-2d.
And so on, an additional penny for every additional
two ounces, without limitation as to weight, such
charge to be the same whether pre-paid or not.
Their Lordships, however, consider it will
be proper that the Postmaster-General should
be authorized, in cases where it may appear
necessary so to act, to postpone the despatch of
Parliamentary proceedings for twenty-four hours,
their Lordships being aware that the greatest in-
convenience frequently has arisen from the very
large influx of heavy parliamentary papers. And
their Lordships therefore are pleased to call the
Postmaster-General's attention to this point, with
the view of his making such regulations as may be

required.
The privileges now attached to addresses to her
Majesty, to Parliamentary petitions, to newspapers,
and to the letters of soldiers and sailors engaged in
service abroad, to remain unaltered except that a
soldier's or sailor's single letter will be interpreted
to mean a letter not exceeding half an ounce in
weight.

If any privileged letter or other article •become
liable to the full letter rates of postage, such
rates to be charged according to the scale of rates
herein established for letters. The treble duty to
which newspapers in certain cases become liable
to be calculated according to the same scale.
All privileges, except those already enumerated,
to cease.

The following are exceptions to the regulation
which restricts the amount of weight to 16 oz.:-
1. Parliamentary proceedings, as already named.
2. AddreEses to her Majesty, and Parliamentary

petitions.

3. Letters and packets received from or addressed
to, places beyond the limits of the United Kingdom.
4. Letters and packets addressedto, or despatched
by the Government Departments, or such officer as
may now have the privilege of franking by vittue of
his office ;—and
5. Deeds, if transmitted under such regulations
as the Postmaster-General may consider necessary
to prevent abuse of the privilege.
In consideration of the reduction now made in the
postage of ship-letters, and the probable increase of
such letters, the master's gratuities will be reduced to
2s. 6d. per 100 for all letters, newspapers, and
other packets conveyed between one part of the
United Kingdom and another. At the same time,
gratuities of one penny per letter or packet, and
one halfpenny per newspaper, will be given to the
masters of ships trading to the East Indies, on
the same conditions as those now applying to other
ship-letters and papers.
With reference to the arrangements herein made,
the Channel Islands, and•the Isle of Man are to be
considered as parts of the United Kingdom, and
the lonian Isles and Honduras as British colonies.
My Lords are of opinion that the whole of these
arrangements should apply to all letters and packets
posted within the United Kingdom, or (if brought
from abroad), first delivered up to any Post-office
within the United Kingdom, on or after the 10th
of January next.
My Lords will communicate with the Public
Departments with regard to the mode of charging
the letters of such Departments.
Transmit a copy of this Minute officially to the
Postmaster-General, and desite his Lordship will
give the necessary instructions to his 'officers to
carry the dirctions of my Lords into effect.
Desire also that he will direct the Solicitor of
the Post-office to prepare a draft of a warrant in
conformity with the provisions of the Postage Acts,
to be signed by my Lords, and inserted in the
Gazette, pursuant to the provisions of the Act,
2 and 3, Vic. cap. 52.
My Lords, in carrying the reduced rates of
postage into operation, feel it their paramount
duty to provide against any disarrangement which
a great influx of letters posted at the last moment
might occasion in the business of the Post-office.
Whilst their Lordships are most umwilling
that there should be any positive curtailment of
the time allowed to the public in posting 'letters,
their Lordships feel it necessary, in • the first in-
stance, at least, to hold out an inducement to the
public not to delay the posting of letters to a late
period by restricting the benefit of the
full reduction to those letters which shall
be posted early. And their Lordships,
with this view, are pleased to authorise
the Postmaster-General to close the letter-
boxes throughout London at five o'clock ;
and in the country an hour, or half an hour earlier
than at present, according to the circumstances of
each place.
My Lords, direct that the fees for late letters be
charged as follows ;—*:
From the future hour of closing each box, until
the present hour, one penny per letter,
or packet,
without regard to its weight ; and after the
present
hour of closing each box, twopence per letter, or
packet, except where a larger fee is now established
in which case the present fee will continue.
Instruct the Postmaster-General to make ar-
rangements for carrying to the general revenue
the fees for late letters, at the same time sub-
mitting for the consideration of this Board, any
cases for compensation which he may consider ne-
aessary.

Many of the packets from France have recently
landed their passengers at Deal, by the new pier erect-
ing there, which is attributable to the tact that although
such large sums have been expended in attempts to
make the harbour of Dovor accessible to vessels, yet
the " silt " accumulates at the bar as fast as ever, and
vessels cannot enter except at high water. The pier at
Deal, when completed, will therefore be no less g.n ob-
ject of importance to passengers between England and
France, than to the town itself, and to the shipping of
all countries.

MOR i,..f "r",r.,C:t. ~4', OIT till'

CORN-LAWS.

An able pamphlet has just reached us, entitled " The
Prosperity of the Landholders not dependent on the
Corn-laws." In some of the arguments and conclusions
of the author, (Thomas Jevons, Esq., of Liverpool),
we cannot coincide ; in his advocacy, for instance, of a
fixed duty on imported corn of Ios. per quarter ; hut
the mode in which he has demonstrated tile essential
importance of manufacturing prosperity to the af;ricul•
turists deserves the attentive consideration of all who
uphold the present system.

The north of the land and the prosperity of
the cultivator must, Mr. Jevons argues, be contin-
gent on the numerousness and wealth of the con-
sumers. These, again, depend upon, the ex-
tension of our manufacturing system. And whe-
ther, by throwing down the barrier which the
Corn-laws present to that 'extension, the agri-
culturists would find the competition of the fo-
reign corn grower a greater loss than would be
covered by the gain of a larger and richer body of con-
sumers at home, is the problem which be undertakes to
work out, and which he appears to us to have satisfac-
torily solved in the negative. If his case be made out,
the interest of the agriculturist points precisely in the
same direction with that of the manufacturing popula-
tion ; and throughout his work it is the former interest
to which the attention of the writer is mainly directed.
To illustrate the intimate connection between agri-
culture and manufactures, the woollen trade is selected
as an example, and the following particulars td advan-
tage to the landed interest enumerated :-
1. There is a payment to the landed interest for the
stock which is to produce the wool.
" 2. There is a payment of rent to the landlordl for the
land on which the sheep is to subsist.
"3. Tehre is a payment to the farmer for his :trouble
and profit in the management of his flock, and in bringing
his wool to market.

4. There is a fourth payment in cases where a wool-
stapler intervenes between the farmer and manufacturer;
for the woolstapler obtains a profit on the transfer, a. large
part of which is expended for food, and, of the remainder,
a considerable portion finds its way indirectly into zbe
same channel.

5. There is a payment to the owner of the spinniny-
mill, being the amount of the wages of his work peoplie,
and his own remuneration. The work people of the mru
expend their wages, and the millowner part of his pro.
fits, in purchasing food, which goes directly to the Jandei
interest.

" 6. There is a payment to the weavers, the fullers, the
dyers, the dressers, &c. &c. The wages and profits ob-
tained in these different processes are principally expended
ins meat and drink, which also tends directly to benefit the
farmers and landowners.
7, There is the profit of tae master clothier, mer-
chant, or exporter, a considerable portion of which is ex-
pended for the benefit of the agriculturists in the purchase
of farm produce.
" 8. There are payments to carriers for cost of carriage
backwards and forwards, by carts and by canals ; there
are railway, canal, and turnpike tolls ; and there is the
benefit derived by the landed interest from the sale of pro-
duce to the parties who carry on all these operations.
" 9. There is, lastly, the benefit derived by the landed in-
terest from the sale of food to a vast number of different
trades-people and artisans, who are employed in making and
repairing the different buildings, machinery, tools, and ma-
terials requisite for carrying on the woollen manufacture in
all its branches and ramifications,

" From this statement, which is purposely drawn out
at some length, it must appear manifest that the agricul-
tural body is deeply interested in the prosperity of the
woollen trade and manufacture, and that it is well worth
the notice of agricultural societies to assist in all feasible
ways to extend this trade. The estimated value of woollen
labrics, according to M'Uulloch, is 21,000,0001, the half
of which, at least, hads its way into the poclcets of the
farmers and randholders."

It may be said that the raw material is partly ire'
ported.
ted True ; but a monopoly, by destroying the,
trade, would not mend the matter. If iinportr_►
it is paid for in other products, to which a glint's:,
calculation applies, showing that the landed, intere.t"
has already had its profits. Nor will a home Sur
ply of the raw material faii to be brought to market
whenever its production becomes a desirable apply
cation of farming capital. The simple question Is,
whether the 'agriculturist be the better or the worse
for this woollen manufacture, even though a portion
of it he exchanged for foreign corn? Would it be,
better for him that, the population thus maintained
were annihilated? That is what it comes to. Or that:
by the limitation of the market, they exist in a state 0.f,.
wretchedness, turbulence, and semi-starvation ? Even if
he have not the complete monopoly of their cuotom, ar:
they not better for him than no customers at all?
oAra_
they not better customers to him with eiriployme,l!l,!.
w.;ges than without employment and wages, though' the
condition of their having either should be that the,
purchase a comparatively smelt portion of their food
elsewhere ? Let the humanity of the case be throw°
out of the question, and its patriotism also. The result
is the same, and cannot be avoided, though the diSces"
sion be made a bare inquiry into the interest of those
connected with the cultivation of the land.
" The increase of population has," says Mr. Jevong;
" in the face of the most distressing fiscal regulatieL
that affect the price of corn, forced us to import tha
produce of 2,000,000 of acres of land annually front
foreign parts. And population continues to increagf,
" at the rate of one thousand human beings a day%
Can any stimulus be' applied to agriculture that she",,
enable it to supply this increase ? Is a proportionate
increase of production physically possible ? And if it
were, how is it to be paid for ? These incoming thou-
sands will have bellies to be filled, and hands to labour'
The cultivator of the soil neither needs their work ttelr
can afford to give them food ; but they can earn it dole
foreigner, and largely benefit the cultivator in the pro'
cess. What a wretched interposition for all Parties 1$
that of the restrictive system!
The ultimate tendency of the Corn-laws is manifestly
to limit the population of the country. They ill
the same tendency as the infamous book of Marcus;.
feting only as the destruction of employment differs trot°
his poisonous gas, and painful starvation from " painless
extinction." It the supply of food cannot grow up r°
the population, the population must die down to the sur
ply of food. Considered only as a veto on the future
existence of human beings, for the selfish purposes of $
class, this is rather a questionable uim. But this
very far from the worst. Here is the population.
is not in posse, but in esse. The point of practicala4
supply from the home growth of corn is alreaal
Passed. The existing increase of numbers has necessi'
tated a foreign supply, and that supply conies in the
worst possible mode. It neither allows steadiness °f
price to the farmer, nor a market to the manufaeturera
It baffles all calculations, deranges all transactions, ,
blends the least possible good with the greatest possible
mischief. The food cone s, but not the increasing COY'
ploy Bunt that should provide the means of its purchase.
The process is thw of turning the screw of-distress or,
the existing population, to squeeze it down into a smaller
compass. how long will human nature eudure the
horrible operation ?
The question is not now whether there shall or shall
not be a foreign corn trade—that has • decided itself
The foreign corn trade exists, and must exist. The
necessity has proved itself too strong fur all laws and
regulations. The question has come to be whether
this ine%itable traffic shall be regular or irregular, cal'
culable or incalculable, profitable or ruinous. On the
present system it affords no facilities to the mutual°.
turer; but it might be made his passport to the Eu-
ropean market. On the preaent system, it renders' 3
short crop or a superabundant crop alike perilous t°
the farmer, and deprives him of all regular data for hiS
calculations ; it might equalize his prices and
hts
profits, and give him the certainty of regular trade
instead of the vicissitudes of a gambling sPc"
culation. On the present system, the poor and in-
dustriois most deeply feel the evils of vicissitude ; 4%4'
most out of work when food is dearest ; and 080°1*
escape influences that tend to want, pauperism, and de'
moralisation ; they might have the prospect of pi-ogres"
sivoly extending employment, and so of rising wages that
would render even the rising prices of farm produce the
t.yts so;cOiaenntyd tbihtyemtpihgrehe steenonrptse;rsayi
ttset
ge
mrigtoyen.wionultietdreiiissatve
to both the great classes, whose
apantahtredi
prosperity
saaaoptintm:oectsrteti foreignthe bitterest
ct ho their
nir tprar do
es, ploessreti
for the
thatbc
n ea7reienut
agricultural
of
iti mutualvhich
sways the Legislature to say which
power
kind of foreign corn
trade shall exist—that which would
promote good-will
and plenty, or that which eventually
must smite the
land with a curse C/ rrome.e.
