ASSESSED TAXES.

Mr. WELBY presented a petition for the repeal of the
assessed taxes, from the inhabitants of Grantham. The

Hun. Member also presented a petition, for the letter
observance of the Sabbath, from the Protestant Dissenters
of Willoughby.

Mr. DAWSON presented a petition from the inhabit-
ants of Yarmouth, for the total and immediate abolitio❑
of negro slavery. The lion. Member also presented a
petition from Cosby, in Leice.ter, for the better observance
of the Lord's-Day.

Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented a petition from Joseph
Hamilton, praying the House that in forming any new
government for India, care would be taken to protect the
liberty of the press. The Hon. Member next presented a
petition from Ehenez-r Elliott, of Sheffield (the author of
the Corn Law Rhymes), praying for a repeal of the Corn
Laws. Also a petition from the Protestant Dissenters of
Sheffield, called the " New Methodist congregation,"
praying for the right of celebrating marriages, burials,
&c., according to their own form ; and prying fir a re-
dress of the grievances which they stated. The Hon.
Member next presented a petition from the National Poli-
tical Urhori of the West Riding of the court.), of York,
praying for the repeal of the taxes on Malt. Hops, Soap,
Sugar, and Starch ; and if necessary, th it some sul4stittre
should b- introduced into the House for these taxes,
which pressed most heavily on the poor. —( Hear, hear.)
The Honourable Member also presented a petition from the
Unitarian Christians of Plymouth, for the immediate abo-
lition of slavery. The petitioners hoped that any measure
which might be introduced into the House, on the subject
would be extensive and satisfactory
SHEFFIELD PETITIONS.

The Hor.r. MEMBER stated that he had now to present
a petition, which was signed by 8,000 inhabitants of
Slieffield, in which the petitioners stated that Huey, in
common with the labouring population of the country,
were borne down by the pressure of an unequal system of
taxation; that trade and agricultural labour had ceased to
have due remuneration, and insolvency and bankruptcy were
increasing to an extent so alarming, that it would be ne-
cessary, for the preservation of social order, that a reduc-
tion ot taxation should take place, and they hoped the
House would speedily adopt some measure fir effecting
that object. The Hon. Member had another petition to
pres,nt from Sheffiel I, which was signed by 11,000 of the
inhabitants, an I which was agreed to at a meeting under
the sanction of the public authorities. It was for the abo-
lition o negro sl }very. The Hon. Member would take
this opportunity of stating, that in all parts of the country
he had had an opportunity of travelling through, the
people had a greater feeling on this subject ►han on any
other. The Hon. Member next presented a petition from
Stockport, praying for free ,otn in the sale of beer.
Mr. LLOYD observed with respect to the petition from
Stockport, teat lie had had the honour to present a petition
from the same place for a rep-al of the duty on beer.
The Hon. Member denied that the beer shops had the
eff et of di moralising the people, and he hoped that what-
ever the isure tnig,,t be introduced into th it House with
respect to the title of beer, that it would go to the extent
ot putting the retailers of beer on the same footing as the
readers of sprits.

Major KEPPEL presented a petition from Kepiving, in
Norfolk, fur a repeal of the taxes on four-wheeled car•.
riage• : al•o petitions from East Harley and the Protestant
D ssenters of Ha► tston, in Norfo k, tor the immediate abo-
lition of negro slavery. The Hun. Member had also re-
ce.ved several letters from different parts of the county he
hid the honour to represent (Norfolk), all indicative of the
very strong and unanimous feeling which existed there on
the sutiject of negro slavery.
Mr. TREVOR presented a petition from the borough
of Harwich fur the i,nmedia►e abolition of slavery.
