HOUSE OF COMMONS, MoNlimr, Nov. 15.

The SPEAKER informed the House that be had re.
mired a letter from Mr. Hodgson, itating that he did not
intend to proceed with his petition cotnpltining of an
undue election for Wigan.
The petition was accordingly discharged.
Petitions complaining of the undue return of Members
were presented from Galway (County), Carrickfergus,
Seaford, Duinharton, County of Clare, Truro, Linbth-
gew, and the City of Durham. Ordered to be
considered in January next.
A petition was presented against the Game and Corn
Laws,

- -
A great number of petitions were presented from dif
fereat.plaers, praying fur ilia Abolition of Negro Slavery,
Several M mauls took tl.eir oaths anti their seats.
.COAL TRADE.

Petitions praying for the repeal of the duty upon sea-
borne coals were presented from Ipswich, by Mr. R.
Amnia ; from the coal•owners cn the Tyne, by Me. BM;
and from Sheeprbead, in Lanctukhire, ley Mr. Evalol. The
last petition also prayed for a repeal of the game and
corn laws, and a Reform in Parliament.

Mr. EVANS in presenting- it, expressed bit anxiety
tb.tt ste decision upon the proposition respecting reform,
to be submitted on Tuesday night, would hold out greeter
hopes of relief to the people than was to be derived from
the declaration of his Onto of Wellington, lie trussed
also that the corn laws and taxes pressing on the im'orer
orders would be repealed, end be would have no objection
to see a property tax levied in their stead.
IRISH LANDLORDS.

Mr. O'CONNELL presented s petition from two pa.
Haws in the county of Westmeath, complaining of die•
tress, praying for the intrialuction of poor inveigh.
Log against the arbitrary conduct of the Duke of Buck.

inght;M's agent, accusing him of endeavouring to sweep
the people off the lamb—and declaring that with this
view be had sought to denounce them ne belonging to the
society of Ribmdmen.

The Marquis of CHANDOS, he reply, contradicted all
the assertions set forth in the petition, and said it,wea for-
tunate that the gentleman alluded to WWI in town to defend
himself from the charges preferred against him. He de-
nied that the land was overlet, and he stated that he had
the authority of that gentleman for saying that he never
had suspected the tenants on the estate of Ribbunistn, and
that there had only been one case of a tenant having been
ejected from the land, and that wee in consequence of his
haying proere led upon false information, and .refusing to
pay his rent without previously- lnwing a receipt. All the
disturhances which had occurred in these parishes arose
from the improper interferenee of the Priest and inflanima-
tory harangues delivered from the altar of the Chapel. A
tenant, on being applied to lately for his rent, had refosial
to pay it, declaring that he had Iteeti osikae4 NPt to psy it
by the Priett, 4nd that he eegv,hl snorter go through IteM
fires lhrn dipbty ititißeverence..-(Hear, and a laugh.) In
;boa, the tenants had been encouraged to pay no rent so
hong as the gentlemen alluded to continued agent. In con-
elusion, he exprelied his hope that the Learned Gentle 7
than would fur the future examine the truth tie
oertions made in petitions before latiptante4 Ow to the
ljouse..,.(Laud cheerk
if00,N14414, aaid, that having ascertained the sig.
natures to the petition were genuine, he considered it
w.mld he unjust in him not to present it. He trusted that
he had not gone beyond his duty in presenting it ia awl ha
stated that he had not been wanting in the Ikreper courtesy,
as be had submitted the peticiu,t the"inspettion of the,
nearest relativiui tiae 'Hon. Marquis with whom he was
eNuainted. As to what had 601 antled by his aracee
agent respecting the Parish Priest, he (Mr, o:c\-muctl)
must say that he considered him I,itcepa4l;;; a. the to-nuttier
timPut4 to hi,"l,, and LA -3' an that before long
ne nn.ol L44* a petition front' that Reverend. Person in
denial of it.

Lord NUGENT confirmed the T.earned (IrAtkonanis
atatenieut. The Hon, and I.eartwd Nember Inc Water.
find eel Lib*ly had aeut tite petition, and he II"
conuttuniilAtO the content* of it to his Noble relative..
Ajr, 0;C0NNV.41.4 presenteil a. ►pc‘itiou, clg 114,i pariolt
Cloinla pra:iu,,t foy a 4;4-pe ,I of the Wan.
Nir• 11ADO,Y.PA ii;o.4ll‘eil 4i petition (VIM two pariihes
t'4 "b‘s e"Pl'ti"ing of tiktrinia, told praying for a repe.il
of the Malt Tax, and an idieviation anti reduction 01 N..
Assessed Taxes.

Sir IL lII4RON presented a pohion from Poet Imough,
againat Colonial! Waver'',
RIDEAU CANAL.
Mr. STANLEY, after pootpotiing his motion about
the expenditure on the Pillow C 40411 to Monday next, or
to whatever other day the Committee rnight- tiro sit,
stated, that one of the Clothe of the Council 1)0 died

PRICE ID.

githlenly that day, and asked if there was any intention
he part of Government to Owlish hi* place, which noo
iselesi, although the possessor received 2,500 L a year?
iSir 11, PEEL said he had not heard of the gentleman',
loath until that moment, and had not, therefore, turnet
is attention to the auhject.
Mi. S. WORTLEY hoped,. although, the boor for
public business hail not,yet arriVed;that be might be per
atitted to postpone a Motion of his respecting the Porto
Election, which stoat! for the 241 of December. He would
oidly state his reasoni for claiming this indulgence.
Mr. HUME spoke to order, and contended that peti.
tions should have piecedence of all public hotlines* up ti
live o'clock.

Mr. SPEAKER said there was no ride without an ex
ception, and that it was only for the (louse to see if th,
present case wa sufficiently strong to justify a deviatioi
from the general rule.

Mr. C. 'WYNN thought that as the motion hail heel,
.et down among the notices, it might tend to mildew! Hon
Heinhers if any proposition respecting it were entertained
4efore five (1'4,4.

Mr. S. WORTLEY hoped that he should he allowed to
hring on the discussian of this matter among the rat mat.
era of public busineSs.
It was understood that the Hon. Member's wish would
not be resisted, and the conversation dropped.
SLAVERY.
Lord FRANCIS OSBORNE. presented two petitions
from the inhabitants of a parish in the isle of Ely, *gained
the continuance of West India slavery.
Similar petitions were presented from Bath, by General
Palmer; from Luttetworth, in Leicestershire, by Mr.
Leigh Keck; from Cockermouth, in Cumberland, by Sit
J. Grisham ; front places iu Lime' LI, by Mr. Rice ; and
from two dissenting congregations in Nottingham, by Mr.
Detunan ; from Scarborough, Whitby, Swalhatn, and
North Dalton, and some other places, by Lord Morpeth.
Lord F. OSBORNE presented a petition from the in•
habitants of Wisbeach, fur the repeal of the duty on coat.
carried coaetwlse.
