HAYMARKET.

Mr. Reeve last night undertook the part of Billy Lack-
aday, in which Liston has rendered himself so conspicuous.
He went through it with considerable ability.

SURREY.

This little Theatre continues, under the direction of Mr.
Elliston, to be the acme of attraction. Last night a new
piece, entitled " lie would be Young," introduced to our
notice the " Celebrated Amateur of Fashion," in the
character of Beau Shatterly, whom report says, acquitted
himself with considerable credit at the Cheltenham and
Worcester Tl.catres, and though a first appearance on the
London boards, sustained the character with spirit and
ability. The evening's entertainments concluded with the
interesting melo-drama of " Crazy Jane ;" the part of Crazy
Jane was well played by a young lady, her first appear-
ance (as the bills say) on any stage.

CADYESTISEMENT.]
The subjoined note from the Directors of the
County Fire-Office is in circulation. The triumphant
manner in which these Gentlemen have put their assailants
to shame and flight raises the character of the County
Fire-Office higher than ever :—" County Fire-Office, Re-
gent-street, Piccadilly, June 19th, 1827.—The infamous
attempt to defame and injure the County Fire-Office, com-
menced by some persons in the DEACON FIRE-OFFICE (since
broken up), and carried on before the Commissioners of
' Enquiry into the Revenue of Ireland,' &c. has hitherto
eluded the arm of justice, under the shelter of Parlia-
mentary privileges. The false and absurd assertions pub-
lished by the above Commissioners, on the authority of an
informer who refused to give his name,' and used as a
subject of accusation against the then Chairman of the
Board of Stamps, they have shrunk from attempting to
substantiate in a legal form. From the hands of his
Majesty's present Government, however, the Directors
have received justice. The information which the Di-
rectors claimed, to enable them to prosecute the informer
for perjury, and which the said Commissioners formerly
refused to give, they now, on the interference of the Lords
of his Majesty's Treasury, have yielded ; but to the asto-
nishment of the Directors, the said Commissioners inform
them, that it does not appear that Hubbard (the in-
former) is amongst those to whom the oath was admi-
nistered previously to his information being received."—
The fact of this man's most calumnious statement having
been received and published as evidence, free from the
sanction and responsibility of an oath, the Directors leave,
without comment, to the judgment of the public. As
some time may elapse before the legal proceedings which
the Directors have instituted can be brought to an issue, it
may not be improper for them to state, for the satisfaction
of persons insured in the County Fire-Office, that they are
prepared to prove, that during the eighteen years' transac-
tions brought in question, there is not a single instance
of a Policy or Renewal having been issued (and not less
than a Million were issued) in which the Duty charged
was not duly accounted for, and ACTUALLT PAID TO THE
STAMP-OFFICE !-that the only errors were made by two
clerks (who were dismissed for their misconduct), in claim-
ing returns on WRONG Numbers, to the amount of be-
tween 401.' and 50/. and oatirrtwo RIGHT Numbers, to a
much larger amount, leaving a balance of 2411. Be. 6d.
due to the COUNTY FIRE-OFFICE ! This sum has been
claimed from the STAMP-OFFICE ; and it has been de-
ducted from the last payment of duty made by the COUNTY
FIRE-OFFICE IO the STAMP-OFFICE. To ordinary observers
it may appear incredible, that persons in authority should
dare to calumniate, and even to threaten an Exchequer
process, without any ground whatever; but those who
have been accustomed to regard the acts of men who act in
secret tribunals, and who are shielded from legal respon-
sibility, will be less surprised. It may be some consola-
tion to the public to know, that the above Inquisitorial
Commission is to be forthwith dissolved.

GRAND DINNER TO MR. BROUGHAM

AT LIVERPOOL.

In consequence of its having been known that Mr.
Brougham had been specially retained in a cause to be tried
by a Sheriff's jury, between the trustees of the Liverpool
Docks and an individual named Jackson, an opportunity
presented itself to a number of the most respectable inhabi-
tants of the town of Liverpool to send him an invitation to
a public dinner. This invitation having been accepted,
Monday last was appointed for its celebration. The Music-
hall, in Bold-street, was fitted up for the occasion, so as to
give ample accommodation to the number of persons who
it was known would be anxious to be present.

At five o'clock the company began to assemble ; and in
consequence of each dinner ticket securing to the purchaser
a ticket to admit a lady, the number of ladies who thronged
into the room was quite as great as that of the gentlemen.
Before six o'clock the body of the hall eyes completely filled
with gentlemen, and the gallery with ladies. A military
band was stationed in the orchestra, and kept playing mili-
tary airs to while away the impatience of the assembly. A
little after six o'clock Mr. Brougham entered the hall along
with Dr. 13randreth and Mr. Arthur Heywood. The
whole body of guests stood up to receive him, and gave him
three times three cheers. The greatest enthusiasm was
displayed by the ladies in the gallery.
Shortly after dinner commenced, the military band
moved from the orchestra into the adjoining saloon. Their
place was supplied in a very few minutes by more than a
hundred ladies of the first rank and respectability in the
town, the wives and daughters of the stewards of the
dinner. As the music gallery is directly opposite to the
orchestra, the revellers, whether they looked to the top or
bottom of the table, had their eyes gratified by a splendid
display of Lancashire beauty. The scene was very excit-
ing, and appeared to give great satisfaction to those who
had planned it.
As soon as the cloth was removed, the Chairman ad-
dressed the company, and said that lie felt this to he the
proudest day in his life. It was the first time that he had
ever filled the public chair, and he therefore trusted to
their indulgence for any errors he might commit--for any
deficiencies of which h•, might be guilty.—(Cheers).
The CHAIRMAN then gave as the first toast, " His Ma-
jesty the King, Duke of Lancaster, and may he ever exer-
cise his prerogative for the happiness of his people."--(Four
times four.) Tune—" God save the King."
The next toast was, " His Royal Highness the Duke of
Clarence, Lord High Admiral of England."—(Three tissue
three.)
The next toast was, " The People—the only source of
legitimate power." The Vice-President, is attempting to
repeat, made an alteration of the toast, which excited con-
siderable applause. He gave " The People—the only legi-
timate source of all power."
The CHAIRMAN then requested bumpers of the company
for the toast he was about to propose. He would give the
health of a man who was the ardent friend of national edu-
cation, who was the enemy to tyranny and slavery in every
corner of the globe, the powerful and constant advocate of
civil and religious liberty, and the wise advocate—sacri-
ficing his own interests—of a liberal and enlightened admi-
nistration. He proposed the health of their distinguished
visiter, " Mr. Brougham."—The toast was received with
loud and long-continued cheering.
As soon as Mr. BROUGHAM rose to return thanks, the
company rose as one man, and gave him three times three
cheers. When they bad subsided, there was a call for Mr.
Brougham to mount the table, but he stood in his place,
and addressed the meeting to the following effect :—He as-
sured them that he used no ordinary ncr common-place
form of expression, when he told them, as he now did,
with the utmost sincerity, that he felt completely over-
powered by the very great kindness which they had just
evinced towards him.—(Here his emotions caused the
Learned Gentleman to pause.)—When he came to their
meeting of that day, it was impossible for him not
to recollect that the present was far from the first
time of his appearing among them. In truth it so
chanced that his public life was begun in connexion with the
town of Liverpool, and that he had the high honour of
recollecting that the first time he ever appeared to support
the interests and maintain the rights of any portion of his
fellow countrymen, was in connection with the interests
and the rights of their great, and populous, and commercial
city.—(Cheers.)--He afterwards had the singular felicity
of being enabled to return in a small degree the favour,
which he, then in the outset of his public and professional
life, received at their hands, when, in the year 1812, lead-
ing on their forces to the attack, he had the satisfaction of.
defeating what they then reckoned, and which experience
had since proved to be, to say the least of it, for he wished
not to revive unpleasant recollections of by-gone events,
an unhappy specimen of mistaken policy.—(llear.)—The
consequence of that connection led to one of the most inte-
resting events in his public life,—he meant the occasion on
which at their call he had come forward u a candidate for
the distinguished honour of representing them in the Com-
mons House of Parliament ; and it was one of the most
singular fortunes which ever hefel any man, that he should
now, for the first time, except professionally that day in
Court, since the year 1812, when they had fought the good
fight together in many gallant fields,—that he should now,
after tl le lapse of 15 years, oolong a portion of human existence,
meet them again in that place that day, but under circum-
stances so very singular,—so he would not say, opposite in a
personal point of view, though they certainly were dif-
ferent, much less opposite in respect to public prin-
ciples,—that he really did not know where lie should
commence the description of them ; or, when he had
once commenced it, where lie should stop.—[Here con-
siderable interruption was given to Mr. Brougham by
the noise made :by some workmen in opening the win-
dows to ventilate the room, which was excessively hot
from the numbers collected in it. The audience loudly in-
sisted on their desisting ; but they went on, regardless of
all noise save that of their own creation. Mr. Brougham
proceeded.]—He was sure that nothing which lie could
tell them would be half so useful as what those persons up-
stairs were doing for them.—(A laugh. )—They were then
assembled under circumstances so different as to persons,
though not in the smallest degree, lie would venture to as-
sert, different as to public principles, that on so fruitful a
topic he was incapable of deciding where he should begin,
and—what was, perhaps, equally important--where he
should end. It was then, as most of them would recol-
lect,--auch of them as were too young to recollect would
have heard the fact from their friends,—it was then his lot
to be a competitor of their vot=e along with a very dis-
tinguiThed statesman of the present day ; and it did so for-
tune, that from that time to the present, he had never once
been in their good town till now, and that, as on the last
day he was in it, he had bean occupied in speaking, not
against that Right Hon. Gentleman individually, but against
the side that returned him ; so on the present day, when
he once more raised his voice among them, it was to
avow openly and manfully, and without the slightest dis-
guise, that the Right Hon. Gentleman and himself sgere
note• acting politically together,—The Right Hon. Gentle-
man in office, he out of it—(loud cheering)—the Right
Hon. Gentleman in power and in place—lie supporting him
in that power, and helping him with his humble but honest
mite of assistance to preserve that place—(loud cheering) ;
because he conscientiously believed that lie could not render
a greater service to his country, than by humbly but dis-
interestedly tendering to him (Mr. Canning) such his sup-
port.—(lmmense cheering.)—lt could by no means have
escaped the notice of such of them as had paid the slightest
attention to the events of the last four or five years,—he
might indeed go even still further back, but it mattered
not for his argument,--"hat this was by no means a sud-
den or unexpected an sagement. With respect to Mr.
Canning personally' he needed only to remind those who
were witnesses of the election in 1812, that there was not
a single instance, either on the part of the Right Hon.
Gentleman or himself, of the smallest personal
(Hear. )—That, he fearlessly called upon any person who
recalled the events of that period to deny. He challenged
any man even the most minute investigator into the details
of that election, to say whether any thing less harsh, less
uncivil, or less uncourteous, as far as individuals were con-
cerned, ever was in the shape or under the name of a con-
tested election.—(Great cheering.)—He spoke not now
of any animosity on account of their principles, be-
cause it was quite evident that if at a time when
they were most different in party, and most directly
pitted against each other, no lanai animosities prevailed,
it was still less likely to have prevailed since, when
their principles were mutually approximating to eaeh
other. What lie now wished to call to their attention, be-
cause it was far more important for their consideration,
was the great but gradual change which for some years
past had been taking place, silently, but still not the less
certainly and effectually, in what lie would term the cast-
ing and moulding of the great political parties in Parlia-
ment. On this subject he would, with their permission,
take the opportunity of saying a few words. They bad
all of them known instances of coalitions—some of them so
equivocal in their circumstances, as to have occasioned no
little popular discontent ; and others of them so extraordi-
nary in their nature, as to have excited disapprobation
among good and thinking men, and as to have had the
effect ultimately of bringing the thing and name of coali-
tion into disrepute. He wished to speak with all proper
tenderness and respect of those who had departed from the
great stage of public life before them. Any political mea-
sure which bad received the sanction of Mr. Fox—any
political step which formed part of the public conduct of
that illustrious statesman..--any political arrangement which

had been approved of by that great and enlightened and
immortal English patriot—(Great cheering)—any thing
even of which he could not see the reason, or could only ,
half see it, and that dimly, and as it were in a glass darklf,
and which from not seeing to its foundations he might he
disposed not to condemn, but to question—all and even'
thing, if it had received authority from him, by his giving
it the sanction of his glorious name, he whom he ('tie'
Brougham) venerated,—every thing bet worshipped---"
to whose memory he tendered all that man could ten- ,
der to his fellow-creature—the veneration due to the
best, the most enlightened, and the most unman-inking
friend of the people—(Cheers)--any measure, he re-
peated, approved and authorised by such a man, would,
where he could not see the reason of it, obtain his
silent hut respectful acquiescence. Nevertheless, the
difficulty which he confessed himself to experience 0°
that subject, was experienced by the country also in 17134,
when it saw Mr. Fox and his friends, on the very nug'
row after the day on which they had been engaged in !
long and bitter party and personal contest with Lord North
and his friends, suddenly desist from their operations of at.
tack, adopt a different course, and coalesce with the eery
same minister, on whose head they had not, indeed, hear
coals of fire, as the common phrase runs, but on who°,
head they had poured out all the vials of their wrath, unto
they had made the whole country as one man detest god
abhor him.--(Hear, hear.)--When, under such eircuur
stances, the country suddenly, and without any addition t°'
or substraction from, the members of either side, exeefl
that the Duke of Portland was made Prime Minister,
_lO7l
had a seat given him in the Cabinet over the heads
North and Fox,—when the country, he said, saw a coal'
tion suddenly struck up between the Parliamentary glekv,
tors of each party, without any adequate cause alleged In
it, it was a coalition, of which, as it could not understel
the motives which had given rise to it, it thoroughly alit
, heartily disapproved. He confessed for his own part, tb,sA.
if he had then had a seat in Parliament, though he shout
have given his vote with Mr. Fox, he should have given
more as a tribute to that great man's authority, than as tbe
result of his own private and unbiassed judgment''',,,
(Cheers.)--But what possible comparison could there
instituted between the circumstances which gave rise to the
coalition of 1784 and those which gave rise to the co:llLtit'n
of 1527?--(Hear.)—There was in the latter case no
sonal animosity between the parties to it, splitting t""
country mad Parliament itself for years ; on the contrso
there was an interchange of courtesies' rather than of hosttli-
ties prevailing. Every one great public question, save one,
—perhaps the greatest of them all, but still not the Only
question,--every one public measure of importstri
whether involving our foreign, or colonial, or domeetir
policy, the state of oar relations with other oountries,
with our own people, and the policy we should pursue
to peace and war,--all the great commercial questions re'
lative to our intercourse with the new States of Atitere°
the great questions of reform at home into all our install'
tions, save that of Parliament,—eaeh and all of these tl
rious important questions, instead of separating, °,
brought the two parties nearer together ! and they had Of
even thought of coalescing, they had not even thought °
taking one step towards a junction, they had not even Me'
ditated on the ordinary and necessary means to promote a°
union, till each of them, in their own respective spherte4;
and in both Chambers of Parliament, had been acting
some time, hand and heart together, to defeat, to discomfit
and utterly to destroy, the common enemy of national
dependence.—(Loud cheers.)—He believed that before the
events happened which led to the elevation of Mr. Cal-
ring to the high place in the Government at home whte'
he had now filled for some years, it must have been knel
to them all, that, so uncomfortable did he feel hinfeeh
those who were considered the leading members among
his late colleagues,—so little could he unite with
them,—so entirely did he differ from Lord Liverpool °:°
the greatest all home questions, the question of re'',
gious liberty- .(Loud cheers)—so utterly did he differ front
the other Noble Lord who was the leader of the
in the House of Parliament to which he (Mr. Canning) °,,e'
longed, on that most important of all questions, in tyl)°''''
either as Englishmen or as men, we all engage our feelt°„
.
and our principles, he meant the cause of civil liberty, all Of
world—(Cheers)—so utterly was he at variance with otted
Noble Lord on all great questions of domestic policy, al!
with the other Noble Lord, his own immediate superior r°
the House of Commons, on all great questions of forei.e
policy, that he thought—for he knew it not, and in making
his thoughts known he betrayed no secrete, be violated
confidence—he thought it required no great ingenuity, °`;
egregious wizard, to discover that Mr. Canning's design °
going to India, for the governmerit of which he was dee'
tined at the time of Lord Londonderry's death, and whet'
he intended to have passed, if not the residue of his life, the
better part of those years which still remained to him t°
the ordinary course of nature, was mainly, if not entirely'
owing to that radical, deeply-rooted, and irreconcileahle
difference of principle which existed, and was likely to coo'
tinue to exist between him and them.—(Loud and log
cheering.)—But Mr. Canning differed as much from those
two Noble Lords on the home policy of the country, as
as regarded its trade and its finance, as he did on the (-8,
tholic Question and on the Holy Alliance.—(Loud cheers./
He differed, also, widely from them on the subject of it°.
provements in its internal administration—he differed froui
them on that most important subject, the improvement Id
its civil and criminal jurisprudence ; for, while they It'll,
suffer no antiquated abuse, however glaring, to stir from
pride of place in which the ignorance of centuries had e°:
gained it—while they would not hear a word of our be
a whit wiser than our ancestors in the savage days °
the Tudors and Plantagenets—while they would know 0°-
thing of improvement, save improvement in the revenue'
which meant improvement in their salaries, and impoYe;
rishment to the people by the increase of taxation—Oat':
cheers)—while they would know nothing of improveme°a
save improvement of their power to crush the people, a°
to extinguish the people's voices—(cheering continued)!
he (Mr. Canning) was the advocate, not with them but
against them, of those improvements which were wrested
,
andtas phfiosr the
thencountrycolleagauneds,fo m
who
hoa ngkaivned
a—r(eci
uheetesros
fromt—a
houngdtlhi leOper grasp
consent to the general measures of Adinioi;
gratin, giving up their opposition on minor paints, Vci
pressing it upon others of greater importance—he 144,1
they still maintain their former adherence to the princi,l3'"°
of improvement, and occupied a leading place in his rat °;
jesty's Councils. Here let him ask the meeting to reflect'
how the members of the late Administration, consider:j
as an entirety, if an entirety it ever was, stood with reit,/
to one another. It was notorious to all the world that t°,f(
differed widely among themselves—that they opposed i°,`",l
vidually measures that aught to have had the undiviuei,
support of the Cabinet—that they repeatedly stayed to v°
amid speak against each other—that they did this nith va"
riot's success--and that Mr. Canning and his friends o'er
°
sometimes defeated, and sometimes carried important vi,4°-
_(Cheers.)--Now let the meeting
tories for the amelioration of their country and Inaltl63-.
Canning and his friends differed from the Whigs collec:
tively, or from him (Mr. Brougham) an indisq-
as
dual member of that body,'etra-
opposing the Admint 4
tion as he did general.7, and yet yielding to some
their measures a partial, and when he could, not a relfii.
tant assent. Did they differ at all ? No such thing. `,
the contrary, on all those mighty occasions, for the caw*,
of the country, for the cause of liberty, and for the general
cause of mankind, they and he were Beep fighting side hi
side reflect how far 11"'
•—(Cheers,)—And was there any thing so very elate'
ordinary in a little time having been taken, after an indivi-
dual had acceded to the Government under the peculiar
eirctrinstances under which Mr. Canning acceded to
was there any thing so very extraordinary that Mr. Co-
ning did not begin all at once,—it would have been better,
if he had begun all at once, as he had taken the liberty ot
long as men were men, there would:be feeling, in their.
bosoms as to persons with whom they had been long an
a
place in
intimately associated, nor were those feelings to be repro-
ea unamiable in their foundation, provided that the)
was there, he
were gence,e— 's
would again ask, any thing 80 very extraordinary in hi.
btealtelindgnlorittucaatrrtiheed timetoo infar hissy
not breaking squares all at once upon every great national,
question with those very men whom accident alone WO
made his colleagues ? Accordingly, it was not in the first
year after the Marquis of Londonderry's death, though evert
Parliament, but so
in that time sufficient evidence transpired of an intention to
effect a change in the foreign policy of the country, butst
the second or third year after it, that the nation e
re-invigorated by the knowledge that it was under the
guidance of new men reinforced by the old—" we being the
old men," said Mr. Brougham' and Mr. Canning and hie
friends the new ;".--
end that they were letting it free from
the degrading, time disgraceful, and he would add, the dis-
gusting ea twit to the despots of the Continent, in which,
y
dynasty-...for he must use that word---it
d
under a former
been chained fast to the car of the Holy Alliance. (In-
manse cheering.
)_Was there, he would ask, any one quo-
tion more
interesting to the country since the termination
of the war than this ? Perhaps it was one as important is
could be imagined to mankind in general, and it was gifte
with a peculiarly touching interest to this cottutry--he
meant the great question of the recognition of the colonial
independence of the late Spanish settlements in America.—'
( Hear, hear. )—lf he were to go over the history of that ques-
tion, he thought that he could prove beyond all dispute,
that had the former men and the former principles beet'e
suffered to predominate to the present time, they would have
had this country, if not in alliance with , Spain to restore
her colonies by force dour fleets and armies to her yok4

elan which nothing could be more unjust end oppressive
--if not engaged in war on the side of Spain and its legiti-
mate monarch, at least the reluctant witness of an inde-
pendence she would not acknowledge; and if at the
eleventh hour the cries of the country had com-
pelled its Rulers reluctantly to acknowledge the inde-
pendence of those Colonies front Spain, it would
have been at so late a period in her history as to have
been of no service to her interests.—(Hear, hear, hear.)
Our children's children might have reaped the fruits of it,
but it would not have been till all the other nations of the
World had first recognized the independence of Spanish
America, and had entered into treaties of alliance with its
different states, whereby British interests would have been
conipromised, if not absolutely destroyed.—(Cheers.) In-
stead of this, England, under new auspices, and a better
and a morc‘. enlightened system, had obtained the proud and
immortal glory of being the first to acknowledge their free-
dom and independence.—(Great cheering.) He could not
help adverting on this occasion to another important public
question, which, though it was of a very delicate nature,
and one on which he should not say a word to an unen-
lightened multitude, he felt that he might safely notice
there. There was the same difference of policy observable
in the conduct of the former men and of the present, with
respect to the laws affecting corn—laws which affect not
only the trade of the country, but also the interest and the
subsistence, and the sacred rights of every individual among
which involve in their very
the poorer ni in it—laws,
first principle the great and important question, whether
the poor man shall have bread for his st:stenance at a rea-
sonably cheap price, and whether be shall be allowed to
live on the bounty of Providence without paying more for
it in the sweat of his brow than either his strength would
endure, or his patience permit him to pay.—(Great
cheering.) He could not help feeling that those States•
men who wished to act liberally by England and by
Europe, and who had freely acknowledged the inde-
pendence of Spanish America, rejoicing and partici-
pating in the felicity which they dispensed around
them—he could not help feeling that those very States-
men must have been the men who had introduced the
present measure to amend the Corn Laws. He shrewdly
suspected that those of their former colleagues, who, now
that they were out of office, would not lend their support
to the Bill which they had pledged themselves whilst in
office to carry through Parliament, were not the authors of
hear.)—He thought that the members of the
late Administration now in office were alone the parents of
it ; for if their late colleagues shared the parentage of it,
they could not be considered as acting that kind part to it
which parents generally showed to their own offspring.—
(A laugh.)—He w' as now speaking on the anniversary of a
day when it became him to express the utmost gratitude
which be felt to the illustrious warrior, who, twelve years
ago, had led the military relations of the poorer classes to
the most glorious victory recorded in our annals.—(Great
cheering- )—He wished to express the sincere gratitude
which he felt towards that distinguished captain for all the
manifold services which he had rendered to his country,
and for which, though it had paid him largely, it could
never pay him too well.—(Hear, hear.)—Still he could nut
help, feeling as he did for the NoLle Duke's fame and cha-
racter, which he now looked upon as public property,—he
'ould not help, he said, expressing a wish, but with all feel-
ings of kindness and respect, that his Grace had found some
other antagonist than the one he had been recently con-
tending with, for he seemed to have determined, on the re-
cent discussions on the Corn Bill, that none but himself
should be his conqueror.—(Laughter and cheers. )—Gallant
Captains and venerable Ex-Secretaries

" Virtue Ecipiadum et mitie .apientia Lceli."—(A laugh.)
all were combined to overthrow it. The gallantry of that
great captain shone eonepicuous in defeating that which
nothing but himself could have defeated, namely, his own
project, and the mildness of the ex-secretary in humiliat-
;ll the measure which he was once destined himself to in •
r°d nce•—(A laugh.)—He could have wished that they
had
in their profound wisdom discovered a more useful
elcroias of their many and rare endowments, than that
Which they had recently displayed before their astonished
countrymen. At all events, those of their former rol-
-1 a.,
fr,e esee who continued in the government, whether they
ve up the Bill for the present in despair, or whether they
Pursued the wiser and the more philosophical part; to take
"hat they could get, even to the frustration of their own
I.arling object, keeping it as they could so as not to lose that
:ttle mite which the lords of the secession, in their infi-
•gte bounty, were willing to grant to their poorer country-
:llene-whichever course they took, he thought tke meet-
'lig must admit, that those statesmen who were the best
and steadiest friends of their country who first advocated,
and then strenuously persisted in supporting, in spite of all
...°PPosition, a sounder system for the regulation of the
"14 in corn.—(Cheers.)—Now, would the meeting
Permit him, after the long statement which he had al-
tsadY made to them, to ask whether, if upon all ques-
"l of foreign, domestic, and colonial policy, and
upon the grand question of improving the civil and cri-
-14,,1nal jurisprudence of England—to say nothing of an infi-
-,,ite variety of minor points, on which, after the multitude
°ti figures which he had already ventured to introduce upon
the canvass, he was unwilling to say a word—would
e teeeting permit him to ask any man of common can-
tour, whether the men who, upon all the great questions
° Which he had been just alluding, had been voting toge-
ther for the last four or five years—who bad been night
after„, night fighting on the same side, and against the same
e" utical enemies, the old Ministers—who had known no
firmer allies than the present new Ministers, and known
n° other enemies than the old Ministers—who had given
.10, and received from, the new Ministers efficient assistance
and support,—would the meeting allow him, lie said, to
Whether any thing could be more natural than that
!lucre should at length be made, between those two parties,
t'at coalition which had astonished none but the most in-
attentive observers observers of the events of the last three or four
14" ?—(Cheers.)—Fie called on the meeting to observe
the situation into which his Majesty and Mr. Canning,
With the few colleagues who adhered to him, were re-
cently thrown. A secession took place ; all the Lords
of the Secession, being six or seven in number, simul-
taneously, by some accident or other, threw up their of-
kes in disgust. What was the reason of their conduct it
became him not, neither was it necessary for his argument,
In inquire. They had left office—the Ministry was thus half
vacant—it was, in point of fact, broken up, and it became ne-
cessary to remodel and reconstruct it. The question then was
1-how should it be remodelled and reconstructed ? Now,
'htwas not one of those who ventured to abuse those no-
ir, bleu who had quitted their places. He was glad that
ey had done so, and would not question the right of any
iht,set in a similar manner, if he so thought fit. He
t a the great and singular !satisfaction of hearing in the
,IL:l.ouses of Parliament to which the illustrious indivi-
rr Pectively belonged, the explanation of their motives
for
gangsriies; office, which had been given by the most dis-
tm° members of the late Administration—he alluded
to
the
late 11;--ght Hon. Secretary for the Home Depart-
ment, and to the most Noble the late Master-General of
the Ordnance and the Commauder-in-Chief of his Majesty's
forees. He never in his life,—and he spoke it not merely
a politician but as a critic—as a person who had now
had some slight experience in public speaking—who bad
heard
most of the great masters of eloquence in modern
tins, and read and studied the great masters of it in
former times, and who had attended not a little to what
"instituted excellence in orators and oratory—he never in
his life heard a more plain, manly, frank, and soldierly ex_
Planation of public conduct than he had had the satisfae_
ti,°° of hearing from the Duke of Wellington.—(Great
!'eers•)--Ile completely dispersed all the cloud which had
bung' over Ms resignation—he took away at once and for
ever the film
which appeared to dim the splendour of his
public character-4, • • •
judiced man that ho satisfied ever ev,ery impartial and unpre-
and that he was above
em right to act as he did,
Filovink any
and unjustifiable excuse to d h )
—He did not agree mean, paltry,
With Iv hirnself.—(C eels.
policy,
iGrace in the__ view
which he took of our foreign
egreS with him upon the
Went out -h* meant the Catholic
qune:i3re,ti neithero h deist, h
i he
question. w He re-
joiced that he had gone out, bees", he believed?*
that it
would be for the good of the country; but
a t
mo-
tives which he had stated for resigning hi, a to the
colour which he had given to the transit:6°osta, and the
Brougham) had never heard any thing more aatl:fahete (Mr.y
(Cheers.)—He would make the same declaration with .me
sped to the explanation that was given in the House of
Commons by the late Secretary for the Home Department,
with whom he didnot differ in opinion on one question in
fifty ; a Gentleman who had already conferred great benefit
on his country ; who, if he were in error on one particular
point, had kept a steady, and consistent, and conscientious
course in adhering to it, and who had never flinched from
the duty of his situation, difficult as it was for him to
perform it, being as ha was the Champion of the High
Church Tory Party, and the chosen representative,of the
University of Oxford.—(Great cheering.)—He thought
that that Right Hon. Gentleman had already rendered
great and important services to his country ; on the jnris.
prudeoce of the country he was an improver—he had al-
most said a reformor_(He,ar, hesr.)—lf he had been
longer in office, he believed that he would have been even
more so. He hoped that be (Mr. Peel) would live long
enough to come block to office, improved by being out of
office ; for, as some precious liquors gained in value by be-
ing exposed to the sun of an Indian voyage, so
other liquor!, of equal price, of which there
Was some slight knowledge entertained in Liverpool

were said to gain in flavour by the bleak exposure of an
Arctic region.—(A laugh.)—He trusted that the Right
Hon. Gentleman would not have visited 'the Polar regions
of Opposition in vain, and that he would come back to
office the determined improver of our domestic system of
jurisprudence. His explanation was as satisfactory as that
of the other noble personage whom be had alluded to, and
he had pleasure in snaking that public avowal of his opinion.
—(Cheers.)—With respect to the other noble personages
of the secession, they had not condescended to make any ex-
planation at all ; he was, however, willing to pardon them

the rash act which they had committed, in consequence of
the results which had emanated from it.—(Hear.)—lf he
might be considered as a juror, sitting on their inquest, and
as speaking with such charity as generally distinguish
jurors on such occasions, he would say that there was no
felonious intention on their part, but only a temporary alie-
nation of that excellent judgment of what was for their own
personal interest, which, during all the former period of
their lives, had regulated and inspired their public conduct.
—(Laughter and cheers.)—He must say of one of the
Members of that secession,—he meant that individual who
was a great light to the profession to which he (Mr.
Brougham) belonged, the late Lord Chancellor,—that he
believed that his Lordship did not intend to hold the office
long. He believed that his Lordship intended to resign at the
period which he had stated—(a laugh) ;—and he Mr. B.
should be an ungrateful man to say one word against him now
that he was out of power, since no one had better means of
knowing and feeling the kind disposition of the Lord Chan-
cellor to him, personally and professionally.—(Laughter.)
—He could assure them of the truth of what he was just
saying.—(Laughter continued.)—He assured them that he
spoke seriously, and was serious in the assertion which he
had just made.—(A laugh, and " Hear.")—He saw that
a great error prevailed among the company, and he was
most anxious to correct it. He was saying seriously, that
as a professional man, he did not owe any thing but obli-
gation to the late Lord Chancellor, and that those who said
to the contrary knew nothing whatever of the fact. The
best proof that lie could give the meeting that he was se-
rious in what he now said, was his solemn declaration,
that it would be most unjust to the late Lord Chancellor to
let the error which prevailed among them go forth to the
world uncontradicted.—(Hear.)—He had had an opportu-
nity, before the recent Ministerial changes took place, of
having a silk gown, and he had declined, from personal
considerations, accepting it. It had been said by people
who knew 'lathing of the profession, that he wail to get
6,0001. a year by his late elevation to a silk gown. That
was not the fact, nor any thing in the slightest degree like
it—it would rather be a loss to him, from making several
of his juniors at once his competitors. On the late Mi-
nisterial changer he had again had a silk gown offered to
him, and had again declined it, because lie felt that by ac-
cepting it immediately after the resignation of the late Lord
Chancellor, he should be giving currency to the report that
his Lordship stood in the way of his professional promo-
tion. The answer which he had then received from the
present Lord Chancellor was, that the case was quite dif-
ferent from what it was formerly—that Mr. Scarlett, from
being appointed Attorney-General, could no longer go the
Northern Circuit—that the Northern Circuit could no
longer be left without King's Counsel—and his Lordship
concluded by asking him, whether he would allow aim of
his juniors to be placed above his head at one step, when
he had it in his power to prevent it. Under such circum-
stances, he had consented to accept a silk gown, though
he should positively lose by the change; for instead of
succeeding to the notorious and undisputed lead of the
Northern Circuit, such as Mr. Scarlett had it, he should
succeed to it along with six other competitors. He re-
peated that it was no fault of the late Lord Chancellor that
he had not had a Bilk gown. He had formerly refused
it from circumstances of a personal nature, and he had
now accepted it to prevent his falling below his due rank
in his profession, owing to the great number of King's
Counsel who had been recently made out of men, of
some of whom the profession were absolutely asking who
they were.—(Hear, hear.)—Having in the course of
his political life been a great political antagonist of the
Lord Chancellor, lie could not allow the error which he saw
prevailed among them pass any longer without contradic-
tion and refutation. He would now return to the subject, on
which he had been speaking before he had ventured on his
late digression. He could speak as a near observer of all
the proceedings of the late coalition. He thought that
nobody knew the history of that event better than he did.
He thought that not one of the illustrious persons who
were even parties to it knew it better than he did from its
first unfolding to its final consummation ; and it was but
justice that he was rendering to the distinguished parties
on either side, if he, speaking as a witness, and as every
witness ought to speak, with the entire absence of all bias
from his mind, moving him either to the one side or the
other—it was a mere act of justice for him to say, that on
the one hand never did lie see any one move in so straight-
forward a path to his main object, without swerving either
to the right or to the left for any inferior consideration—
never did he see any man show himself more frank, more
candid, or more honest in every stage of the negociation,
behaving towards Isis former adversaries and his new allies
with the greatest fairness, liberality, and concession, and
towards his old colleagues who had deserted the King's
Councils, with the utmost propriety, consistency, and
honour, desiring to keep by them if be could, and anxious
not to dissever Idris& from them if he could avoid
such a separation without any sacrifice of his public
principles—never did lie see any man more solicitous
to accomplish an amalgamation of all party feelings
in the general benefit of the State, than their late Repre-
sentative the present Chancellor of the Exchequer—(loud
cheering) ;—and that, on the other hand, speaking as a
witness on behalf of the Right Hon. Gentleman's new
allies, never did lie see any set of men so unwilling to ac-
cede as members to the Governinent, as they were.—
(Cheers. )—They only who had been engaged as parties in

- - .
the affair could be aware of the difficulty which there was to
get those Noble Lords and Hon. Gentlemen to listen to
any propositions which were made to them about their own
accession to office.—(Hear, hear.)—At last a provisional
arrangement was made between them and Mr. Canning,
that they would give their support to the Government, but
would themselves continue out of place. The absurdity of
this scheme, the ridicule with which the adversaries of
Ministers immediately overwhelmed it, the impossibility of
Government going on regularly when there was no recog-
nised leaders of it, when the members of it were not all
sailing in the same boat, when some were going forward
while others were standing still, when there was no sym-
pathy of motion between the leaders and the led—All these
strange and striking anomalies soon put an end to the pro-
visional arrangement, of the success of which he had
doubted from its very outset, and which he had ridiculed

rom its very beginning as most unwise, being the novel
plan of supporting Government without taking office.
Still, one of the most distinguished leaders of the liberal
party was left out of office ; but he hoped that the last re-
mains of that provisional arrangement would soon be at an
end—that it would only be mentioned in future to be re-
gretted as ever having existed at all, and for the purpose of
demonstrating the extreme reluctance of those distinguished
wen, who were the new allies of the Government, to take
office at all.--(Hear.)—He thought that when the meet-
ing looked to the division of power which had been esta-
blished between the parties, to the balance of office and
emolument which had been struck among their adherents,
to the small number of the new allies of Government, who
filled high stations with much patronage attached to them,
and to the very moderate proportion of Mr. Canning's
personal friends who had obtained any patronage at
all, they would see that there never yet had been a
junction between two great parties, in which the indi-
viduals who belonged to them took so little, and in which
the individuals who belonged to neither, and had little
power or influence in the State, were allowed to take
so much.—(Cheers.)—He had entered into this ex-
planation, which he had purposely made minute, de-
tailed—tiresdme, if they would so have it—(Loud cries
of " No, go on,")......beeause,
in addressing the present
meeting he almost looked upon himself as rendering an ac-
count of his public conduct to his own constituents.—(lm-
mense cheering.)—Aseidents had severed them for years ;
but he should never cease to resiernber their kindness to
him upon former occasions; nor to feel that, when he came
before them, it was his most sacred deity to account to
them for his past conduct, just as much as if he was ac-
counting to them for a trust which by delegation they had
conferred upon him.—(lmmense cheering. )--It was no
fault of theirs that he had not been their representative—it
was his own fault._.(Cries of " No, no, great 6heering,
and exclamations of " Try again.")—He knew that he
might have had the high honour of being their represen-
tative in 1812, it on that Sunday morning he had
listened to what had been proposed to him—his friends
had refused the proposition of polling one and one, which
would undoubtedly have made him the colleague of
their late Right Honourable representative in 1812 ;
they had preferred trying to win the two seats to the se-
curing one, and in their attempt to grasp at more than was
practicable had failed, as the Whigs would have failed
in the present instance had they acted on the Liverpool
principle of 1812, and had strived to secure office for them-
selves to the exclusion of their present friends and allies.—
. (Hear, hear.)--Had the Whigs been so absurd as to act
upon that principle, instead of having a Government con-
sisting of men of knowledge and liberal principles, going
along with the light, and intellect, and improvement of the
age, they would, by grasping at impossibilities, and by
straining at what could not be obtained, have let into

office men of no light, of no intellect, of noimprov.ement,
of no liberality at all.--(Great cheering.)—ln casting his
eye back on the scene through which we bad passed in the
few last months, and of which he had been a nearer spec-
tator than any of those who nosy heard him, he felt that if
he had acted on any other principle than those which had
directed his recent conduct, he should have sacrificed his
duty to himself, to his country, and to mankind. —(Cheers. )
—Yes, he should have sacrificed his character as a lover
of freedom if he had allowed one moment's space for the
action of any mean, paltry, personal feelings, and had
refused his sanction to the measure which had placed
their late distinguished representative at the head of
the Government, merely because it was giving a great,
signal, and illustrious triumph to an individual who
was considered as his personal rival.—(Great cheering.)
—He did not look upon power as a thing to be envied
by any wise or good man. Power in itself, mere power,
was any thing, he feared, rather than a friend to vir-
tue or a test of merit. It was enjoyed by right of birth,
by bloated despots ; it was purchased through blood
and slaughter by ferocious usurpers and pestilential con-
querors ; it was held by a tenure which rested on those
defects in human nature which reduced man below his
ordinary level, and rendered him as much a slave to the
will of others as are the miserable inmates of an eastern
seraglio. But the power to be of use to mankind—the
power to do good to a man's country—the power to scatter
blessings over the land of your birth or of your adoption--
the power to root up ignorance, to diffuse knowledge, to
advance the progress of mind, to break the chains of the
enslaved man of every country, or colour, or cast, or sect

—the power to benefit your kind, and illustrate your
country, and ennoble your age, and mend your race--that
power is a possession which a man, nay, as an angel, may
stoop from his height to take up and enjoy.—(lmmense
cheering.)—He devoutly believed—yes, from the bottom
of his heart he was convinced—that in lending his humble
and disinterested aid to establish power in the hands of the
Minister who now wielded it, he had enabled many per-
sons to hold it for those sacred purposes ; and he cared
not whether he held it in his own hands, or whether

he joined in strengthening the possession of it for those
others, who would devote it to such noble and le-
gitimate ends.—(lmmense cheering.) They might he
assured that he, who so felt and acted, would enjoy,
while his life was spared to bins to do good to his
fellow-creatures to the best of his power, a deep
and heartfelt satisfaction, which would be ill exchan-
ged for any transient honour that he might derive either
from judicial appointments, or from foreign missions, cgr
from the command of all the resources of this mighty em-
pire. He would, indeed, dearly purchase those glittering
objects of human ambition, if he gave up for them that
deep and heart-felt satisfaction which made a man feel that
he was doing good in his generation, by cultivating his
mind, and by living a life of integrity, whilst ke was spared
to his friends, pure from all factious bias on the one band
and from all interested motives on the other, enabling him
to bequeath a name, when he was called hence, to the gra-
titude of countless ages as one of the noblest, though it
might be also one of the humblest benefactors of mankind.
( Mr. Brougham here sat down, and the whole company
instantly rose, and saluted him with rapturous cheering.
and with waving of handkerchiefs, for several minutes.
The next toast given was—
" A full, free, and fair representation of the people in

the Commons House of Parliament."
Which was drunk with three times three cheers and
much applause.
Mr. BaouctrArr then rose and begged to be allowed to
propose a toast, which, he was sure, they must all have
been impatient at not having heard already. He meant
the health of their worthy Chairman. He had often heard
it said, that as good wine needs no bush, proverbially, so
a good toast neads no preface ; and he was sure the corn-
pany would agree with him that there never was a toast
to which a preface was less needed than the one he had
just mentioned. They would recollect that their worthy
Chairman had told them he was inexperienced in the duties
of his present station, and had thrown himself upon their
indulgence for pardon of his defects, and for their assist-
ance in supplying what in him should be found wanting.
For this service, all they could be entitled to claim—for
the office was very much in the nature of a r.inecure, that
is N say, in the enjoyment of it with no duty to perform,
though it was true that it was also free from any emoln-
meut•,—all their reward—their whole salary for this sine-
cure, was the gratification which they should feel in testi-
fying to the worthy Chairman their cordial eatisfaction with
the very efficient manner in which he presided over that
day's entertainment, and their high respect and esteem for
his general character.—(Applause.)
" Our worthy Chairman, F. Jordan, Esq."—Three
times three.

The CHAIRMAN rose and salt! he was just golf %
that he was born a Whig—(laughter)—he was born, as
they were well aware, in the sister island, and he was near
committing that blunder. However he could say truly
and correctly he had been bred a Whig almost from his
birth, and he gloried in the title.—(Applause.)—To many
of the gentlemen who now surrounded him, he was very
little known, except by name; but to those friends of his,
of whom there were many present, who had known him
for a period of nearly thirty years, he appealed, whether in
the whole course of that period, he had ever swerved from
his principles, or committed a single act to sully the name
of Whigs, or to tarnish the honour of his country.—(Ap-
plause.)—For the period which he had named he had lived
in this good old town of Liverpool. On his first arrival
here, discord prevailed ; the Whigs were few in number,
while their adversaries the Tories were numerous and do-
mineering ; but among that few were to be found the names
of Roscoe, and of Currie, of Rathbone and of Shepherd,
of Earle and of Birch ;—men qualified to keep alive the
sacred flame of liberty and transmit it pure and untainted
to their successors, of whoom he was proud to see so many

living proofs here to-day. Guided by such men, the cause
had held its course steady and undeviating, and they
were now assembled to celebrate its trinmph in the
presence of the Champion of the order.—(Great applause.)
—They must, however, never forget that they owed that
triumph to the spreading of education among the people,
and it should be their glorious task to diffuse that bles-
sing through every grade of society. The Tories of the
present day, he was happy to say, differed materially from
those of a former period to which he had already alluded.
The stamp of education had been set upon upon them, and
many among them were now to be found men of honour-
able candour and high and liberal feeling, and sorry he was
not to sce a greater sprinkling of them among the cone as-
sembled on the present occasion, for, as had been shown

lately by a most enlightened senator (Sir J. Mackintosh)
the difference between the two parties at the present day
was much smaller than either of them, generally speaking,
imagined, and he therefore hoped soon soon to sae a union
of their ranks.—(Applause.)—He thankep the company
for the honour they had been pleased to pay him, and as
it had never before fallen to his lot to address a company
in his present capacity, except at his own table, and felt
conscious of his incapacity; he once more requested that
any deficiency on his part might be laid to tha account of
his inexperience. —( Applause. )

" His Majesty's Ministers, and may their measures con-
tinue to entitle them to the confidence of the nation."—
( A pplause. )
" The cause of civil and religious liberty all over the
world."—Three times three and great applause.
66 Our able representative, the Right Hon. Wm. Flus-
kisson, and sound principles of Free Trade." Three times
three and much applause.
The ContastAN then said he had now to propose the
health of a gentleman who he was sorry to say was not in
Liverpool at present, having gone to London on business of
importance relating to thiti port. The gentleman to whom
he alluded was a striking instance of modesty, allied to dis-
tinguished merit and ability, and by his excellent tempering
of seal and firmness with discretion in the discharge of his
magisterial duties, was entitled to rank with the most dis-
tinguished of his predecessors.
" The Worshipful the Mayor, and Town and Trade of
Liverpool."—(Three times three, and long-continued ap-
plause.)
Song, by Mr. Ryley, the author of " The Itinerant,"
composed for the occasion of this day's festivity.
" Lord Holland and Lord John Russell, and the repeal
of the Corporation and Test Acts."—Three times three
and great applause.
" The Lord Lieutenant of the county."
The Ctraiamart said lie had next to propose the health
of a staunch Whig,
" The Earl of Sefton, and may the house of Molyneux
ever follow his example. Great applause.
Sweet Home !"
i‘Afirr.. —l3
Uncotinle Al:i said the Chairman had again given him
leave to trespass on the indulgence of the company for one
moment, and it would certainly require no longer to give
a toast which demanded little comment. He greatly
pitied
a large part of the company who, from being seated under
the gallery, we not able to see half the grace and beauty
that adorned this assembly. He and those about him hap-
pily were so situated as to enjoy the sight of about three-
fourths, while some ingenious friends of his had contrived
so to place themselves as to command a sort of corner view
of the four-fifths, the whole constituent beauty of that fair
assemblage. It was impossible, however, for any one who
could see even but one-tenth part of it, to refuse him their
attention for a moment, for the
Purpose of enabling them
to tons- the fair part of the Community of the town of Li-
verpool, who had shed so honourable a dietinction over

that happy meeting, in gracing it with the honour of their
presence and protection. He Called upon the company to
join him in a bumper to " the Ladies of Liverpool."—
)Long continued applause.)
The CHAIRMAN said he need scarcely recall to the re-
collection of the company the business of the 18th of June,
—the commemoration of the Battle of Waterloo,—that
battle which he could safely say, from his recollection of
the day when the account of it arrived and the effects it
produced, added at least 20 per cent. in value to the capital
of the country. He would therefore give—
" The health of the Duke of Wellington, and the Heroes
of Waterloo." Mixed applause, hisses, and hooting ; the
disapprobation evidently preponderating.
The band began to play " Britons strike Home," but the
sound of the instruments was quickly overpowered by the
increased tumult of disapprobation. A pause at length
occurred, when one of the Company rose up and gave—
" The Heroes of Waterloo," which was followed by several
rounds of enthusiastic cheering.

Air—" Britons strike Home."
Comic Song—" The Battle of Waterloo," by Mr. Reilly.
The CHAIRMAN then gave—
The Vice-Presidents : —Mr. William Wallace Currie
and Mr. Hardman Earle." Three times three and much
applause.
Mr. W. W. CURRIE and Mr. IL EARLE respectively
returned thanks. The latter said that having disposed of
the subject which was the cause of his rising to address the
meeting, he would beg leave to give a toast arising from a
recent event which had caused a very considerable sensation
in the commercial world, and threatened the most serious
evil to the country at large, he meant the late decision of
the House of Lords upon the Corn Rill,—a decision which,
it could not be denied, had given great dissatisfaction to
the country. Undoubtedly their Lordships had a right to
make that decision ; but there was as little question that
it had been brought about by a union of faction and self-in-
terest, and that it was marked by gross and selfish indiffer-
ence to the wants of the people, and by the greatest igno-
rance of the real interence of the country. He concluded
by proposing :—" The 122hvirtuous and patriotic Peers
who voted in the minority against the Amendment moved
by the Duke of Wellington upon the Corn Bill."—(lm-
mense cheering and applause.)
The CHAIRMAN next gave—
" The Duke of Sussex, and the London University, and
may the system of Education keep pace with the improved
spirit of the age, and be extended to all classes of the Com-
munity."
Mr. BROUGHAM shortly returned thanks, and paid a
high and well-merited compliment to the Duke of Sussex.
He then proceded to advert to the notice which bad been
taken of the House of Lords. Humbly venturing, he said,
to differ with their Lordships as to the vote upon that parti-
cular question, he yet viewed with much satisfaction the
increased activity to business which had been manifest in
that Noble Assembly during the present Session. He never
remembered so regular and so full an attendance of their
Lordships ; they met as regularly as did the Commons ;
which was not so qefore, and they had in consequence be-
come quite as busy and as factious, and had taken not
merely one, but all the leaves out of their book.---(Much
laughter. )—He was glad of this, because a continued regu-
larity of attention to public business on their parts, meeting
daily, numerously, and in open house, with the press to
watck and .eport their proceedings, would tend more than
any thing that he knew of to restore the true and proper
balance of the Constitution.
" Our uenerlble and enlightened townsman, William
Roscoe, Esq."
Mr. W. ROSCOE, jun. returned thanks for his respected
father, whose ill health prevented him from attending the
Meeting.
" The memory of our townsman, the late Mr. Rushton."
Mr. E. RUSHTON returned thanks.
" Our respected townsman, Thomas Booth, Esq."

Mr. H. BOOTM returned thanks.
Mr. BROUGHAM then rose to propose the Liberty of the
Press, and took the • opportunity of stating that he had
been erroneously reported to have said, that in speaking of
Mr. Hume's motion for the repeal of a tax imposed upon
pamphlets by one of the Acts commonly called the Six
Acts, that he saw no harm in the Act which made tran-
portation the punishment for a second conviction of libel—
He never could have said so, inasmuch as he had been pre-
paring, and was in hopes of effecting his object, to try to
promote the repeal of that very Act, and indeed he knew
and no one could know it better than he did, through his
professional connections, that that Act had a most mis-
chievous effect upon a portion of the public press, by its
operation in deterring persons from embarking their capi-
tal in some newspaper concerns. What he had . said on
the occasion to which he alluded was, that be was asto-
nished to see that gentleman take up a trifling matter,which
iLL compar;cm, svaa not worth three straws, ittel,,d of
attaching the Act wbich mede it punishable lavi.an'lsl.l-
- to he twice convicted of libel. He conclided by
giving,

" the Liberty of the Press," which was drunk with three
times three.

Mr. W. W. CURRIE gave " The health of Mr. Rush-
ton and success to him in the legal profession upon which
be i 8 about to enter."

Mr. E. RosnTow returned thanks, and said that he
should never want a stimulus to exertion so long as he
retained the recollection of the highly honoutble recep-
tion which had been given to the distinguished ornament
of that profession whom they had the pleasure of seeing
among them that day. He concluded with proposing a
sentiment which he had beard often hinted at but not as
yet openly pronounced !—" May our distinguished guest,
if he should be again defeated in the contest for West-
moreland, become a candidate for the representation of this
town—and may he be returned as the colleague of the Rsght
Hon. Gentlemen who has liberalized the commerce of the
country."
Mr. BROUGHAM said he felt honoured by the compli-
ment just paid him, but he must at once repudiate the cffer
to become a candidate for Liverpool, lest he should be
charged with infidelity to his affianced bride of Westmore-
land, or suspected by his friend Mr. Crump of bigamous
inclinations, which would no less subject him to the cen-
sure of his friends at Appleby. But although he could not
become a candidate, if they felt inclined at any time to
make any demand upon his services, as they got matters
over here before they began in Wesmoreland, he should
have on- objection to come over and lend them a helping
hand for some other friend.--(Applause.)
The following toasts were afterwards given :
c: Our best allies, the li!)eral spirits of Europe, and may
the victims of despotism ever find an asylum in this country."
44 Catholic Emancipation."
,‘ George Williams, Esq. and the reform of all County
Abuses.' _ _

" Thomas Wyberg, Esq. and the Independent Free-
holders of Westmoreland."
" The Rev. W. Shepherd."—,, Sir F. Burdett."
Joseph Birch, Esq. and the Electors of Nottingham."
" The Hon. E. G. Stanley and John Wood, Esq. and
the Electors of Preston."

.
", The Towns of Manchester and Birmingham, and may
they soon enjoy a share in the representation of the people."
4, Prosperity to Ireland."
,t Lord Cochrane, and success to the cause of the Creeks."
4, The United States of America, and may our frindlv
relations with that country be perpetual."
~ The Independent States of South America."
44 The Lancashire Witches."

Mr. %tonal-lAm retired about a quarter-past twelve,
and vas Soon afterwards followed by the Chairman and a
number of Other Gentlemen.

COLOMBIAN BONDS.

him, relative to the payment The following is the reply of Bolivar, through the
medium of J. R. Ravinga, the Secretary of State to Messrs.
Fowles, Graham, and Herring, to the application made to
Colombian Loans, and is generally considered more favour-
ablement of Dividends due on the
than expected relative to their securities :
(Translation.)
Head-quarters, in Caraccas, May 4, 1827-17.
Sirs,—l have laid Mere
the Liberator your letter, dated
the 22d Feb. last, addressed to him, soliciting that
,the
Colombian Government would take measure,' for applying
to the exclusive payments of the foreign debt the funds
mortgaged r ior that purPose.
mews. J. D. pewies, Wm. Graham, and
errin
necessity The
C. Ilg.
lateof
providing dissentious in these departments have called
a
remedy for them ; on which upon the Liberator to direct his attention principally to the
ac-
count, although his Excellency has not now the reins of
the Colombian Government under his charge, I have the
pleasure to inform you by his order, that the law which
was passed in May of last year, with a view to the support
of public credit, has already provided for the very object for
which you apply. By the same the funds set apart for the
national debt can only be applied to that object, and more-
over a special commission has bz:en tbrmed for their ma-
nagement ; some deviations from their dispositions did take
place in these departments during the late dissentious, but
with the presence of the Liberator the laws have again re-
sumed their authority.—l am, Gentlemen, &c. &c.
(Signed) J. R. RAVINGA.

Mr. J. P. GRANT, __ formerly of the Northern
Circuit and late Member for Tavistock, has been appointed
one of the Judges of the Supreme Court at Bombay.

n.N",
4.44,3
'

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, JUNE 2A. 1897.

The French Papers of Sunday, and the Etoile
dated Monday, have been received, but their con-
tents arc uninteresting.

By the arrival of his Majesty's packet the Duke
of Kent, which left Lisbon on the 10th inst., we
have received papers to that date, but they are
almost wholly filled with extracts from English,
French, and other foreign journals. The Gazette of
the Ist June contains an official article from the
Foreign Department, stating that orders had been
given by the Court of Madrid to General SaasriELD
to fall back with the Spanish Army of Observation
from the Frontiers of Portugal to the positions
which they had previously occupied. But, however
conciliatory the conduct of FERDINAND may appear,
little confidence is placed in his friendly disposition
to Portugal, and that feeling will be still more em-
bittered by the knowledge of the recent changes
which have taken place in the administration of that
country. Though the Gazettes make no mention
of this change, yet, we understand, through the
Correspondent of a Morning Paper, that a very im-
portant change has taken place, not unlike the
memorable secession in our own Cabinet, when the
lovers of darkness withdrew their sage countenance
from the friends of freedom and enlightened principles.
Probably the Portuguese Ministers took advantage
of such a noble example by their illustrious proto-
types, and happily with equal benefit for the best
interests of their country. The cause of this change
is said to have been the want of cordiality on the
part of the other Ministers in seconding the views of
SALDANIIA for paying the troops. The Minister at
War then adopted the singular resolution of ordering
the Governors of the different provinces to apply
the taxes and customs of their respective places
to the maintenance and pay of the troops. This
order they disobeyed, and SALDHANA then presented
a memorial to the PRINCESS REGENT, stating the
condition of the Government, and his wish to resign.
This resignation was not accepted, but in a Cabinet
Council held subsequently, he renewed his wish to
the other Ministers, who felt indignant at his pre-
sumption, and in their mighty dudgeon, immediately
sent in their resignations The following is a list of
the New Ministry :

Minister of Foreign Affairs, the Marquis of Palmella.
Minister of the Marine, A. Manoel de Noronha.
Minister of War, J. Carlos de Saldhana de Oliveira and

Daun.
Minister of the Deportment, Viscount de Santarem.
Minister of Justice and Ecclesiastical Affairs, the Bishop of
Algarves.
Minister of Finance, Count de Lousa.

The accession of the Marquis PALMELLA Will be
of the greatest importance to the Constitution. Of
the other members we cannot speak in decided terms,
but there is no doubt that Portugal will profit by
the change.

OFFICIAL.
DEPARTMENT OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS.

LISBON, JUNE I.

By dispatches received from the Charge d'Affaires of
Portugal, at Madrid, it appears that orders were sent to
General Sarsfield to make the army under his command to
fall back to the positions which it before occupied. Official
information has also been received that the rebels, the
Marquis de Chaves, and Viscount Canellas, who were, by
the Government of his Catholic Majesty, to quit the
Spanish territory, hare arrived at Bayonne, in France.
Jumt 2.--The Gazette contains a netice to 'the effect
that on account of the many holidays occurring in the time
fixed for concluding the loan of 1,000 contos of rest,
affirmed by the decree of the 19th May, her Highness, the
Infanta Royal, is pleased to order thatpersons willing to taJce
a part in it may make application to the Commissioners till
the 9th of June, when the books shall be finally closed.

Jamaica Papers to the 7th ult. inclusive have been
received at the North and South American Coffee-
house : The following are extracts :
" The Aurora frigate, Capt. Austin, was at La Guayra
when the Britomart left (24th April). She was to sail
shortly after for Carthagena, having on board Mr. Cock-
burn, the British Minister to Colombia, and General Boli-
var, who had resigned the Presidency of the Republic. A
private letter from St. Jago de Cuba, dated the 30th April,
states, that by the Havannah mail accounts had been re-
ceived of the second officer of Commodore Porter having
been captured by Admiral Laborde's squadron, while re-
connoitring them off Key West, and that he and his men
had been sent to the Havannali. The Commodore was
still blockaded by the Spanish fleet. Considerable excite-
ment had been expressed in the island, by the publication
and result of an action, Barton v. the Bishop of Jamaica,
in which the plaintiff was nonsuited. The proceedings are
given at full length, and copies of the same have been sent
to England.

Since writing the above, we find that private let-
ters, by another conveyance, have been received
from La Guayra, of the 14th ult., which do not
make mention of BOLIVAR intending to proceed to
Carthagena. Some reports are circulated, that
BoLwAß's resignation had been accepted at Bogota,
whilst others state that the Government had refused
their acquiescence in this measure of the Liberator.
The Papers received from this capital are to the
20th of April, arid do not supply its with the least
information on the subject, or, indeed, any news of
the least political importance.
The following is an extract of a letter from Ja-
maica, of the 7th ult.:—
. Gen. Bolivar was toleave La Guayra on the 3d inst.,
in the Aurora frigate, Captain Austin, for Carthngena,
he having virtually resigned the Presidentship of the Re-
public,. His Majesty's ship Rattlesnake, of 28 guns,
Captain Lath, was to sail in a few days, for England,
having his Grace the Duke of Manchester, on hoard. His
Majesty's packet Camden, from Falmouth, arrived at the
Island on the 30th of April."

We received Malta Government Gazettes to the
29th March, but they contain no late news. The
following is rather a curious specimen of national
respect :--
The merchant brig Mary Ann, Edward Vickerman,
from London for Alexandria, which touched at this Island
in December last, was taken possession of by a Greek
cruiser, the Achilles, when about 100 miles from Alex-
andria. She was carried to Napoli di Romania, where
her cargo, consisting of a great quantity of shot and shells,
guns of various calibre, and amongst the rest four 6S-
pounders, was condemned as a good prize. There was a
quantity of manufactures and other merchandise also on
board, partly shipped at London, and partly in Malta, the
whole of which was included in the condemnation ; but
the vessel was liberated, " out of veneration and profound
respect for his Britannic Majesty and the British Nation,"
as the sentence expresses it.—Malta, March 28, 1827.

Lima Papers, of the 30th January have been re-
ceived ; they contain, under date of the 28th Jan.
the copy of a decree issued by Gen. SANTA CRUZ,
convoking an extraordinary Congress to meet on the
Ist of May, for the purpose of ascertaining the na-
tional feeling as to the mode of Government they
should adopt, and to elect a President and Vice-
President to regulate their proceedings, some
doubts having been entertained that the public col-
leges, who had examined the Constitution of BOLI-
VAR, presented to them by the Liberator, were not
possessed of proper powers to authorise the accept-
ance of the same as binding on the people. These
Papers contain the resignation of several Colombians
who were high in power, among others, the Mini-
ster of War and Marine, and the appointment of
their successors, who are native Peruvians.

There is a sort of malicious satisfaction in finding
one's expectations realised as to the conduct of an
individual against whom a prejudice exists, and to
this charge we must almost plead guilty in the case
of Lord GREY. We do not suppose that it will oc-
casion much distress to the Noble Lord to hear that
we haYeal ways viewed him as a dangew citim flow

the era of the French Revolution; but stiilt is the
case, and it is high) to observe the real
harmony of his apparently inconsistent conduct, sur-
rounded, as we see him, one day by Whigs and
making court to Radicals, and, within a week,
voting with the good Lord ELDON, and the liberal
and enlightened Earl of WESTMORLAND. In all
such cases the advice of POPB is to be carefully fol-
lowed. That melodious Philosopher tells us—
" Seek, then, the ruling passion—there alone
The wild are constant, and the cunning known."
And in the case of Lord Gully, we have little
difficulty in pronouncing " the ruling passion" to be
a determined and never ceasing desire to depreciate
all whom equal talents, or higher principles, present
to his imagination in the light of rivals.
" This slue once found unravels all the rest,

" The prospect clears, and Wharton stands confect."
It accounts for his being alternately a friend of the
people, and of " the order to which he belongs," for
his supporting Mr. Fox in one century, and Lord
BATHURST in the next, and for his acting in concert
with men, from whom we hare his own authority
for saying that " he differs, as far as the poles are
asunder."

We have given at great length, in another part of
our paper, Mr. BROUGHAM'S Speech at Liverpool,
and we recommend it to the perusal of our Readers,
as a splendid specimen of oratory. His observations
respecting the Duke of WELLINGTON will be read
with much interest, as also his confutation of the
general opinion that the late Lord ELDON was per-
sonally hostile to the Learned Gentleman.

Frankfort Papers and the Allgemeine Zeitung to
the 14th instant have been received this morning,
from which we extract the following

CONSTANTINOPLr, MAT 26.
For some days past the capital has been full of news of
victory. All the Turkish reports speak of a complete
victory gained by Redschid Paths over Cochrane,
(whose boastful proclamation of lath April is fresh
in our memory), And over General Church and Ka-
raiskaki. However, as the trophies received here, and
exposed before the Seraglio, consist, acceording to the
statement of the Turks themselves only of 1000 or 1200=
ears, the heads of 7 Greek Captains, 8 cannon, and
standard. The Greeks here still suppose the Turkish ac-
counts to be exaggerated. Indeed, according to some
consular reports, the Greek lose does not really exceed
1,500 men, and that of the Turks is said to be nearly
as great in proportion. Our Greeks hope, therefore,
that the battles of the sth and 6th of May were not com
pletely decisive, and allege, as a confirmation of their.
opinion, that the Acropolis continued to reject all proposah
to capitulate.—As for the diplomatic negotiations, they Are
in the arme state as before.

VIENNA, duNa B.—Metalliques, 90 5-1 d; Bank
Shares, 10921.

MALTA, MAY 23.—His Majesty'eship Plai/omeT has
just brought in a pirate Bombard, with 30 men, By ad-
vices from Smyrna, Lord Cocurcauix has sent five ships,
with selected captains and crews, to put down piracy, and
it is expected they will do more good than our cruisers,
being better acquainted with the pirates' haunts.
