Y
} ~
~..
-..__ a~
~,t

PRICE 7D.

NORTH COAST OF SUMATRA.

(From the Singapore Chronicle.)
In furtherance of our proposal to furnish our Readers
from time to time with geographical notices, we intend
upon the present occasion to lay before them a sketch of
the North Coast of Sumatra, a country commercially of
considerable interest, but respecting which there is very
little accurate information before the public.
Reckoning from Acheen Head to the Eastern entrance
of the Straits of Banca, the Northern Coast of Sumatra
extends at least in length to 900 miles. This long line of
Coast is naturally divided into three portions. That which
extends from the Straits of Banes, to the River Rakan, a
distance of about 500 miles is low and flat without a moun-
tain in view, and abounds in large Rivers, while its Coast
is covered with considerable Islands or sand banks. This
is the country of Sago—of the Rattan—dragon's blood and
benzoin. The second division extending from the river
Rakan to Diamond Point, occupies a distance of about
24t) miles. The coast here is also low, but less swampy
than that of the last division. There are no large rivers,
and no considerable Islands along the coast. This is the
Country of Black Pepper. The third division extends
from Diamond to Acheen Point. This a distance of about
150 miles. The coast here, exposed to the waves of the
Bay of Bengal,,is comparatively bold and mountainous. This
is probably the most abundant country in the world in the
Areca palm, and hence the immense quantities of betel nut
which it furnishes to Western India and Chhia.
The North Coast of Sumatra is nominally under five
sovereigns, viz : those of Palembang—Jambi—lndragerie
—Siak, and Acheen, but is in fact under a great number
of petty chiefs, who are virtually independent. The most
fertile 'and populous State is unquestionably that of Palem-
bang. Near 400 years ago a Javanese colony settled in
Palembang—conquered the country, and mixed with the
Malayan race, imparting to them the arts and industry of
Java. The dialect of that Island has mixed itself with the
vernacular language, and the language of the court is still
nearly a pure Javanese. Owing to this commixture with
a superior race, the population of Palembang is distin-
guished beyond the other tribes of Sumatra for its indlis-
tryits knowledge of agriculture, and its attachment to
the soil. Under its native sovereigns it afforded an exten-
sive produce in rice—tobacco—pepper, and above all, in
tin, for Bence formed a portion of its territory, and it con-
ducted an active and large trade with the neighbouring
Malayan Countries—with Siam—China—Arabia, and
European nations, as far as the jealousy of the latter to-
wards each other, and their short sightedness in regardlo
their own interests would permit. This prosperity was
impeded, but not altogether interrupted by the Dutch mo-
nopolies in pepper and tin, established during the 18th
century. To avenge a quarrel of the Dutch, the British
attacked Palembang in 1812, and wrested from the Sultan
the sovereignty of Banca. The recent insurrections of the
people of Palembang against the Netherland authorities
are well known. They have terminated in the virtual
seizure of the sovereignty by the European Government,
and in the annihilation of the foreign trade of the king-
dom, a consequence which ought not to have followed.
Jambie is but a poor and inconsiderable State. The
principal inhabitants are Malays, but in the interior there
is an unconverted race denominated Kuhn, who possess
considerable indiistry, which is employed iu the collection
of Ilenzoin—dritgon a blood—rattans; &e. The river of
*lambic has four embouchures, two of which are navigable
for vessels of small burthen—but even in these the navi-
gation is intrieate and dangerous, but without a bore, as in
manynther rivers of this coast. The present capital is
called Tananpilen (chosen land), and is situated a day's
voyage above old Jambie, itself 60 miles from the sea. -
Its population is 4,000, among which there are 50 Arab
families, but no Chinese, or natives of the Coromandel
coast. The produce of the country is dragon's blood,
benzoin, and rattans. The larger description of the last
under the name of iambic canes were of celebrity in the
time of the Spectator, where they will be found men-
tioned. Jambie, it is probable, was at one time subject to
Palembang, for a few genuine Javanese words, not known
to the! Malayan language elsewhere, is to be found in their
speech, and the ruins of a Hindoo Javanese Temple are
still to be seen about four days' journey inland from the
old settlement. The Dutch and English East India Coin,
panies had factories in Jambie in the beginning of the 17th
century, for the purpose of collecting the pepper and gold,
which it then afforded. Almost all the disposable produce
of Jambie is at present brought to Singapore, which in
return supplies it with Chinese and European coarse ware
as well as opium and Siamese salt, which is carried into
the interior of Sumatra.

Indragerie is a state still smaller and leas considerable
than Jumbie, but its territory is said to be fertile and capal
ble of producing abundant crops of rice, of which grain
considerable quantities have within the last two years been
imported into Singapore. The river is large but incom,
Moded by a dangerous bore. The inhabitants of Indrage.;
tie are generally genuine Malays, but on the coast are
found some piratical establishments of the Lamina of Ma-
gindanao, especially at Ritteh where they settled about 3(1,
years ago. ' The Sultans of Johor also lay claim to some
establishments on the Coast—such as Gaong, and they and
Sovereigns of all the great Islands which lie off the Coast
and between - this and the Peninsula. indragerie, which
means in• Sanskrit the Mountain of Indra, is one of the few
Hindu names found on the North roast of Sumatra. The
frequency or paucity of such terms may be considered
throughout the whole Indian Archipelago as a very good
index of the relative degree of civilization among the in-
habitants of its different countries, and of their respective
states of improvement. Java incomparably the most cid-
tivated country abounds with them, they are frequent in
the best parts of. Sumatra, and occur once or twice only in
the Malayan peninsula.
seems
to
o‘kvenoi:nsoPremviPenmiripiytYarnarne.
The State of Siak is the largest principality of the North
ther. It extends from Kemper to Dili inclusive, beingbound-
edCoast of Sumatra, but its parts hang very loosely tog's
by the territories of Indragerie to the South-rby Me-.
nangcabao to the West, and by the Battacks andAcheen
to the. North. Beginning from the South, the first.place
of any Consequence is Camper, of which mention is made
Portuguese writers. , The river of Camper
ii
sn theia
rg
ec,ar Eabutes
earliest Portuguese
by a bore. The town called Pulp
place consists of coffee, rice,
is at present one of the most
Lawan is situated a voyage of four tides up the stream.--
The
importthe foirumtoatsioinngso.f
The quantity
s-pariuydiinctsB4ereaot.afbTilhihsjialsiments in the Straits of Ma-
Mtseettlement of Singapore, since prior
btuottthhaet
gambler, i
flourishing
i sehxi pn
gio) re:
oethfveceonßffteriiett:lsi:whahsisechartcheelypeople
lacca, and
pore increases yearly, and is at present very considerable.
some part of it is grown in the country itself,
greater share is brought down from the rim untains of Menue
cabao, where it was cultivated for the first time about I-2-
years ago. In-return for their coffee the people of Camper
supply the Menangcabaoes with Siam salt, Bengal cottons,
and coarse China ware, all obtained at Singapore.
dese '
The next places rvmg notice are the islands Rantao,
papal, SWIM, and Baticalis, partly inhabited by Malaya,
but chiefly by another race not yet converted to Mabome-
danism. Rantao, a low marshy island, produces by far the
larger quantity pf the raw sago, which is imported into
Malacca and Singapore, for the manufacture of pearl sago, '
and has become within the last few years so large and im-

portant an article of export to Europe. The unconverted
race now mentioned, and not the Malays, are the sole culti-
vators and preparers of the Sago.
The town of -Siak is 'situated upon the largest river of
Sumatra about sixsy-five miles up end on its right bank.—
The place is small, containing no more than 300 houses,
and the Government is bad end oppressive. In better
times it conducted a respectable trade with Java, the Bugis
and the Chuliaha of the Coromandel coast—exporting
among other articles, Gold to the value of from 130 to
140,(00-panish dollars. The population of all Malayan
States, it may be observed, is at most not worse than sta-
tionary, but their history is made up of wonderful alterna-
tions of prospe.rity and niisery, all to be ascribed to the
wretched and despotic character of their Governments.—
Every thing depends upon the reigning Prince or dynasty.
An arbitrary ruler destroys the industry and commerce of
the country, and reduces it to a state of anarchy in a very
few years, and one of fair character, moderation and intelli-
gence, can restore it to prosperity in a period equally shorts,
so favourable arc the circumstances and capabilities of these
regions.

At Bukit Batu, a place on the main of Sumatra within
the Strait formed by the Island of Bancalis' exists an ex-
tensive fishery well known in this pert of the world. The
fish which is the object of it, is called in the Malayan lan-
Trubtt. The fish itself is sufficiently known in all the
neighbouring seas but found with a row only here, which
makes it certain that it repairs to this favoured place for
the purpose of spawning. The Trubu, about a cubit long,
is taken in three and four fathoms water on a mud bank.
About 300 boats are engaged at all seasons in the fishery,
with the exception of threo days during dead neap tides.
The rows are an article of trade seaways, and the dried fish
are sent into the interior of Sumatra. The 'Rajah of Siak
draws a revenue from this fishery of 72,000 Guilders
yearly, receiving a certain duty upon the quantity taken.
From the rate and amount of this duty it is ascertained
that the quantity of fish caught yearly amounts to between
fourteen and fifteen millions. It seems a little remarkable
that the spirit of European monopoly never should have
fastened upon so promising an object of gain. The fishery
from its peculiar nature is probably quite inexhaustible anti
might unquestionably be prodigiously improved by Euro-
pean skill and industry, and this too not only without detri-
ment but probably to the great improvement of the revenue
of the native Prince, as well as the essential benefit of the
surrounding population.
The great river of Rakan the embouchure of which is
in the latitude of 2 deg.. 15 min. north, is rather an arm of
the sea than a proper river, being many miles wide at its
entrance. It contains many small places of trade, such as
Tanah-puteh on the right batik, and Kubu and Reim on
the left. Passing from the Reim river along the coast we
have the settlements of Bile and Panai with Kwalor—
Asahan—Batu Bara—Sardang—Dilli—Balti China, and
Langkat. The four last named Places ore this ports at.
which pepper is exported. We have heard the podure
of the whole estimated at between 17 and 18,000 pievls.
It is probably greater. The cultivators are as usual not
the Malays but the people of the interior, the Battaks. A
similar observation may he every where made. At Jambie
anti Siak it is not the Malays of the Coast who collect or
cultivate the export products of those countries. Through-
out Borneo the same observation holds good. The mari-
tim
eMaallalydsuarpoeninthsehour,htoneither
itrai bnuutesemfuoirenotroraruas s industrious
Luda
people,
obstruct commerce than to facilitate its operations. The
production and consumption of the interior of the great
islands would no doubt he greatly augmented were the sea
coasts in the occupation of any race less barbarous. The
river of Dilli is considerable and admits brigs of Moderate
size, having two fathoms depth on its bar at low water.
The town is about one title's sail up. The chief is merely
a nominal dependant of Siak.

The territory of • Acheen on the north coast may be said
.o commence from Diamond point, where the land suddenly
tends to the westward. This, as already mentioned, is
the coast so remarkable for its production in betel-nut.
The principal places of trade are the bay of Taluk Stumm.,
and flee town of Pedir, in lat. .5 deg. 22 ruin, which last
gives name, among European traders, to the whole coast.
The north coast of Sumatra is much more remarkable
for the variety mid value of its vegetable than its animal
or mineral products. Few of the useful domestic animals
are reared in abundance, a circumstance which may be
ascribed at once to the semi-barbarism of the inhabitants
and the physical unsuitableness of the country. The sheep,
a stranger, is confined to Acheen. Small horses tire reared
in abundance in the same country, and among the Betake,
of which a considerable number are exported, but this
qnadruped is generally unknown in all othei parts of the
northern coast. • The elephant, found every where in the
northern coast of Sumatra, and of the same species which
has been rendered so useful in the domestic state in Hin-
dustan, and in the countries lying to the eastward of it is
valuable only for its iVory, having never been tamed except
at ACheen, a country which has borrowedmore from Wes-
tern India than any other of the eastern Archipelago. This
apathy towards what Is so obviously useful and convenient,
is an unequivocal indication of barbarism. Gold is the
only metal which is found in abundance in Sumatra, and
this is confined to the mountains in the interior or the val-
lies at their feet. The gold of Jambie and Indragerie is
brought from the mountains of Menangrabito, and the little
exported from Sink and Dilli from the hilly countries of
the Battacks. The greater part of this finds its way to
the western coast to Padang, Bencoolen, Nattal, and other
places ; tin has been found in small quantities in Jambie
and Camper, also far in the interior.
We subjoin a few remarks on the distribution of the dif-
ferent races of inhabitants along the north side of the
island of Sumatra. At Palembang the Malayan race ex-
tends to the South East until they meet the Sarrqumgs en
the Western Coast. In a. North' Westerly direction from
Palembang the Malays occupy the whole centre of,Suma-
tra, includingMenungeabao, and the whole Northern coast
down to the river of Rakan. Instead of supposing with
some writers the emigration of the Malayan race from the
centre Table land of Sumatra, a romantic and difficult enter-
prise, on the erroneous belief that the intermediate low
land; were occupied by different and hostile races, we can
perceive that nothing could be more natural or easy than
their spread from the coast of Sumatra to the islands in
the Straits, and across to the Peninsula itself. Their
distant emigration to Borneo,
d
oftcvoenaresee northernnst
Hers
eietoi
ithestitdtal enieg re) peoples
at
extremity
rr
a oesreleea
sseasal
ayn.tddo.i
spirit
aft
lygyrtTiteiehoeeeela. Latitudelbtpirierizeeec::
tltrinheen rattired
deitr
is(ht
breadth of
I let oofttrovvNfi er
a sPuee of
se-
ven
elletivahri Isceveohti tfohot nhfit
islanduyLti
cat dhosniolismi Longitude,
nr eesgt:
to
e
is
a singular
the .Battaks,
knowledge of letters, of Useful arts, and a tolerable shard
to ri
of industry, add rather whimsically a taste for human
p foundtoipiilnego nNkya;otieti
considerable
knowledge
flesh, being well ascertained to indulge an occasional
anthropophagism.

The prom-ontaty. extending to the NM. of Diamond
Point on one side and Cape Felix on the other, is the true
country of the Aehi or Achinese race, the matt civilized
ttoate.ogthheriotrngibensioisfttuhiee
people of Sumatra, and through whom Milhomedaniem,
with such arts and civilization as accomptuded it, were di-
rectly or indirecittycoareremailtnitelregate4
Archipelago.
and anarchy in.a state of much degTadation, hut were des-
tiny to taiour them again with a native Government of to-
lerable skin end energy, they would soon make a figure in
the commerce (lithe Archipelago.

CRANBOURNE CifAcE.—The quantity of nuts in
the Owe. Woods may be imagined to be very great in
this most abundant year. A gentleman at the chimer,
whO lives in the Chace,,said, that he and another per.
son had one year collected from the nutters and old
1,000 sacks.—Oxford Journal.

MANCiIESTER, SATURDAY EVENING, SEPT.

(FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.)

The iNfarket since Tuesday last, has presented
nothing new as to demand or prices ; but it may be
considered fully as healthy as it was then, The gene-
ral feeling is, that a greater quantity of business has
been done throughout the week than fbr several weeks
past, and upon the whole, the Prospect of a further
improvement in demand and prices, seems to be very
confidently expected. The enquiry for Printing Cloths
continues good, and considerable sales in this article
have been effected at an advance. Yarns have also
gone off well, at full prices. The demand for Cotton
is much improved, and a very fair business has been
done at better prices.

A BOLD STROKE FOR A HUSBAND.

WEDMORE, SOMERSET, SEPT. 6.—kshort time since,
a pugilistic contest took place in the Moor, near Cuer,
between two young girls named Elizabeth Bunu and Caro-
line Popham, the one 16 and the other 18 years of age.
The fair heroines are, it appears, the daughters of persons
moving in respectable spheres as humble timers, and are
not destitute ofpersonal charms. They had both unfor-
tunately entertained an affection for a young man named
James Paddy..: The swain, too, entertained It liking for
the fair candidates, but,. his admiration and his attention
was so distracted, that he was rather undecisive as to
which should be honoured by his person, " for better for
Worse," and having occasionally indulged each with hopes
of success, " the green eyed monster" began to dissemi-
nate his poisonous qualities, and many abusive epithets
produced open hostilities.
The morning and evening avocations brought the dam-
sels contiguous to each other, in the fields, and at length
war .haying been declared, an evening was fixed to decide
by combat who should be entitled to the prise. Miss Bunn
was seconded by her miele, Mr. Benjamin Bunn, and Mr.
Isaac Martin, a mason, was selected to officiate as picke'r-
up to Miss Popham.
It would he tedious, as well as painful, to follow the
combatants through the rounds they contested, not as
might have been expected, in a pulley-hawley manner,
hut in a " stand-up fight," which lasted one hour and
five minutes, during which period 02 rounds were fought,
and 31 knock-down blows took place! Nothing could
exceed the invincible spirit which actuated the parties, and
after they had entered into the tontest, appeared quite
reckless of the consequences, either of personal injury, or
moral degradation. After remaining in desperate conten-
tion for the period above mentioned, and the worthy
seconds a tra
rind specors not being able to yield the "palm
of victory" to either, the seconds, .out of charity and com-
passion, word(' not allow them to light any longer.

STATE OP TRADE.—Although it is .not in our
p9rier to announce any improvement in trade, it is
.with pleasure we state that our silk manufacturers have
nothing to fear from French competition, as far as re-
gards the quality of goods. In price, certainly, the
foreigner has an warent advantage ; but the pur-
chasers of silk goods, we have no doubt, will soon
appreciate the value of the silk manufacture of this
town, and give it a decided preference.—Maccleffield
Herald.

CITY ELECTION.—A Candidate has at length
announced himself to fill the seat in the Representa-
tion of the City of Cork, vacant by the death of Mr.
Hutchinson. We allude to Mr. Bennett. Whatever
may he this gentleman's success, we perfectly concur
with him in the views he has taken, as to the qualities,
capability, and circumstances, the union of which is
necemotry in a Member to re resent our city with
effect, and to the satisfaction of our local public. it
depends upon Mr. Bennett himself, whether he will
maintain the contest. We believe he is actuated by
the best intentions and purest principles, in offering
himself to the electors. We think he will do much
good.—COrk Southern Reporter.

At the last sitting of the Academy Of Sciences,
Doctor Villerme. read a memoir upon the causes of
mortality in prisons, and the intensity of those causes.
Prisoners (says Dr. Villerme) live or die for the most
part according to the wishes of those that imprison
them He proves this by comparing the inwtatity in
prisons, such as it was ten years ago, with what it is
at present. Thanks to the remarkable ameliorations
which do honour to authority, and 'which at the same
time speaks loudly in favour of publicity, almost all
over France the mortality has prodigiously diminish-
ed. In general this diminution dates from the insti-
tution or the Royal Prison Society, the period at
which the fate of prisoners began to attract public at-
tention. Amongst the instances of extreme mortality
in the old prisons noticed by Dr. Villernl, there are
some which cannot be contemplated without horror.
Thus, in the prison of Pace, scarcely one out of three
or four survived ; and in that of Villevorde, old de-
partments of the Dyle, out of two prisoners one in.
variably fell a'sacrifice, and frequently both. At
Rouen the mortality during the years 1E312-13-14,
was one in lbw. It is' now only one in forty-six.

A STORY most PORTUGUEt4E Portu.
guese gentleman, returning one night to Lisbon from
Sacavieit, heard, as he was passing near a vineyard, the
moans of a female in apparent suffering. He imme-
diately proceeded to the spot, where he found a young
and apparently lovely female in labour, who implored
his assistance, which he unhesitatingly afforded to the
best of his power. She afterwards conjured him, by
every thing that was sacred, to carry the new born to
the Ho& in that city ; to this he also consented. The
daikness of the night, and the care which she had
taken to conceal her features in the best way possible'
prevented his being aide to recognise her positively.
But his curiosity, however, was so much excited, tluit
he followed her at a. convenient distance unperceived,
and en
saw her ter a gentleman's iiuinta not far off; he
concluded, therefore, that she was the daughter of the
house ; and be was not mistaken. The interest she
had excited in him was so intense, (for this nation are
not fastidious in these matters), that for a long time
he made that road his favourite ride, in order to en-
joy the happiness of ~tieing her at her window. She
bad not the most distant idea that he was the person
who had rendered her so essential a service ; and she
i
therefore concluded that no being waa acqua nted
with the shame to which, as it afterwards appeared,
the villainy of her confessor had exposed her. The
gentleman s 'addresses were therefore favourably receiv-
ed, and she was soon afterwards united to him, About
a twelvemonth after their marriage, she was shout to
with the first
present him pledge of their love ; and
every anxious preparation was made for the event. But,
her caprices were so many and so great, that they out-
rana
the tenderest solicitude ; and after. having
in vin
endeavoured to satisfy every strange fancy and whim,
with all the devotion which the most indulgent of
husbands could evince, he was at last provoked beyond
patience to exclaim, that s'she had been much less
scrupulous when he assisted her in the vineyard."
indiscreet and unlucky sarcasm, at so critical a mo-
ment, boil a fatal effect ; it threw her into violent con-
vulsions, under which she expired, leaving him long
to lament the imprudence and rash irritation of a me-
ment,Sketches of Portuguese Life.

NAVAL iNtattGtNCt.

(prom the Hampshire Telegraph.)

Poirsmount, Sm. 9.--Accounts have been received of the
following ships being on their passage to England :--Thetis, from
Rio Janeiro; Alligator, from the East Indies; Hussar, from the
West Indies ; Diamond, from South America, Lisbon, and
.Ma-
4.eira ; Naiad, kmn the Mediterranean ; and Rifleman; from North
Atnerwa.

tt appears frOM the foilowhig extract from a letter from Rio
IMMO, with Which We have been tavoureti, that the i3razilisos
have snstainea a serious loss on the River Plate:—

" RIO JA NEI Ju 428.—Lord Ponsonby proceeds to Buenos
Ayres in the Doris, Sir John Gordon Sinclair, when she has refitted.
The Thetis returns to England directly. The Doris has brought
us accounts from the River Plate of the Imperial squadron, con::
sisting of the Netheroy frigate, Captain Norton, tittilititing 3g
guns, two 2-gsun corvettes, several 18. gun brigs, schooners; and
gun-boats, hawing got a 4 tthroinuled haminering.' The frigate
and two brigs were taken by the Buenos Ayrean squadron, which
was composed of only two small ships and three brigs ! Several
of the Brazilian vessels made a bolt after the first broadside. The
wreck of the blockading squadron have returned to
Monte 'Video quite crest fallen. The Buenos Ayrean vessels are
Manned entirely with English and Yankees, who are all very
hearty in the cause. Most of the Brazilians, though officered
by English, have a very mixed crew, and mostly impressed
men.—' Imperial' justice has just . made a most conspicuous

figure here. It seems that the Redwing captured a slave
schooner, on the coast of Africa, and put on board her a Lieu-
tenant, a Master's Assistant (Mr. Faulkner, Whose passing certi-
ficate shows, that he Was examined for a Lieutenant in 1815), and
four men t but the Lieutenant being afterwards taken out and
put on board a French vessel, he took the papers belonging to the
schooner'with hint. The schooner parting company in a gale of
wind, was afterwards boarded by a Brazilian sloop-of-war, who
finding 00 papers on board, sent her in here as a pirate. The
Officer and crew were sent to prison, and the vessel has since been
condemned us a Pirate.' The Redwing's stern chain, and se-
veral other King's stores,' are on board the schooner, which
ought to have been sufficient evidence that the vessel was not a
pirate.

Notwithstanding, no representations of the eireuinstarwe

yet made by our at►thorities have availed any thing ; the crew are
continued in prison, with. every expectation, that imperial justice
will finish the case, by hang►ng the ' Pirate's crew !' "
The Jasper, Capt. Blackwood, will sail hence in a few days
with specie for Bermuda, Halifax, and Newfoundland, and thence
to the Mediterranean.

The Galatea, Sir Charles Sullivan, Bart, is gone out of har-
bour ; the Philomel, Lord W. Paget, came in, to fit fon• foreign
service; the Dispatch, Capt. Parsons, sailed this afternoon for
the Cork station; and the Arrow, Lieut. Brooking, on a cruise.
At Spithead—Galatea. In the Harbour—Viet-pry, Melville,
Spartiate, Pyramus, Pelican, Philomel, Clinker.
Lieut. Cruse, R.N. has seized, on the Sconce Point Coast
Guard station (Yarmouth, I. W.), the vessels Pallas, Nelly,
Maria, Adelaide, and Kitty, upon supposition of their being em-
ployed in contraband trade, having disguised concealments in
their holds.

• In the regulations established by the King in Council, relating'
to his Majesty's service at sea, and lately published by the authority
of the Admiralty, we are glad to find, that Article 6, Chapter 8,
under the head of Courts Martial, is amended. The ftiriner in-
structions on this subject, directing a junior officer in the com-
mand of a post-ship to take precedence, at Courts Martial, of a
senior officer in the command of a sloop, were nut in strict accord-
ance with the 12th section of the Courts Martial statutes; and we
submit, that no regulations established by the King in Council can
destroy the effect, or do away with the meaning and intention of an
Act of Parliament. Courts Martial should be governed, in respect
to evidence At any rate, by the same rules and principles as the
Courts of Common Law ; and their general proceedings should
follow the same course, when nut otherwise regulated by Act of Par-
liament., We regret to state, that there is a woful deficiency of legal
knowledge existing in the navy. In perusing the minutes of the pro-
ceedings of one Court Martial that occurred some years ago in the
East Indies, we were astounded. On foreign stations, these Gauls
are deprited of the necessary legal advice and assistance of a qualified
Judge-Advocate; for the person generally appointed, front neces-
sity, to officiate as Judge-Advocate, is totally incompetent to dis-
charge the functions attached to his important office. In Civil
Courts, on trials for murder, we often notice hair-breadth distinc-
tions made between the circumstances necessary to constitute that
crime, nod those that constitute the crime of art inferior degree of
homicide : with these nice distinctions every memiter of a Court.
Martial should be welt acquainted. 'Under the impressions that a
knowledge of these facts will produce ou the mind of every one
that has a faithful regard to the good of his Majesty's service, we

did hope to see, in the regulations lately published, the instructions
relating to Naval Jurisprudence considerably extended. About
one hundred short and explicit rules of evidence, strictly appli-
cable to Naval cases, prepared by the Law Officers of the Admi-
ralty, and issued with the General Printed Instructions, would
carry an authority with them superior to that of any work that
has been published on the subject, and would,serve as-s material
guidance, in regard to evidence, to Courts Martial held on Foreign
stations. _ .

Messrs. 13. Haines, J. N. Nutt, John Tom, and James Mure
(on foreign sta►tions), are promoted to the rank of Lieutenants.
PLYMOUTH, Sarr. 7.—Sailed the Forte, 46, Capt. J. Cogh-
lan, C.IL, on a cruise. Came in theLeveret, Lieut. Buwker, with
seamen from Liverpool ; and the Nereus, new 46,fromMilford. The
Mutine brig is commissioned by Lieut. R. Pawle, for the packet
service. In Ilanwaze : Britannia, Windsor Castle, Pelona,
Catnelion, Cynthia, Eclipse, Sheldrake, Mutine, Badger, Dolphin,
Active, and Harpy revenues. At the Island: Leveret, Royalist,
and Nightingale. Alfred Johnson, Esq., 'of Tamerton, is ap-
pointed Secretary to Commissioner Shield, in the room of Robert
Ellery, Esq., who has retired on a superannuation, after 45 years'
service.

FROM LLOYDS—(Turs DAT.)
DEAL, 9.—Wind variable.—Arrived and sailed the Bur-
leigh, Chancellor, from Odessa, for London. Spoke Seaford), Liver-
pool, to Demerara, lat. S 6. 30. N. lon. 13. 30. W. 10. W. Up-
wards of 200 boxes of tin are landed from the wreck, on the
Goodwin. The Robert, Fuge, for the river, has sailed. The
Sarah, Ottawa, Matchless, Ann, and several others.
I?l.xstourn, Sgrr. 6.—Wind W.—Sailed the New Eagle,
for St. John's, New Brunswick, and Susan, Nicholson, for
Memel. "

FALINOUTII, SEPT. H.—Wind W. S.W.—Sailed the Hope,
packet, Wright, for the Meditteraneati.
9.—Wind W.N.W.—Sailed Lord Hobart packet, \Vella,
for Jamaica.

PORTSMOUTH, Sm. 9.—Arrived the Vittoria transport, front
Quebec. Sailed the (. ortes, Sprague, for New York ; Europe;
Willis, for Quebec ; Union, Clinch, and Loyalist, Raines, for
Trieste ; awl Mary Ann, O'Brien, for Calcutta.
Hum., Blear. o.—The Isabella, from Archangel to this port,
wax lost near Hartlepool. The Speculation, from. Colchester to
Gainshorough, upset in Red Cliff Channel on Thursday; crew
saved. A schooner, name unknown, coal laden, struck on the
Burcom and sunk ; crew saved.
BRIDLINGTON, SEM. 9.—Arrived the George and Ellen, from
Newcastle to Oporto, with damage and leaky, and must repair.
STOCKTON, Sen. 9.—About a mile from Hartlepool the Isa-
bella, Sewell, of Shields, .from Archangel, is on shore, and much
damaged. The three brigs on shore between Leaton and Hartle-
pool, are the Diligence, George, and Stafford, and it is expected
they will be got oif.
WniTev, berg. 9.—The Rochdale, Watson, of Sunderland, is
on shore about two miles south of the Port, a total wreck, one man
drowned. The Duke of York is on shore near Hutcliff, and
wrecked ; crew saved. The four men wed from the Esk, from
Greenland, are John Kenner, William Leach, Matthew Royer, and
Pearson.
The Belle Julie, Letourneux, and the Nalhatu, Grandpre,
both from GranVelle to Newfoundland, were wrecked in May
among the ice. The masters and 60 men saved out of 250.

---
The Swabian Mercury, under date of Gotha, Aug.
16, mentions that a tax which had been iniposed, on
the occasion of the marriage of the Princess Caroline,
daughter of the late Prince Charles Gunther, and
railed “ a princess tax," was lately levied by " mili-
tary executioe—that is, by quartering soldiers on the
inhabitants till they consented to pay, which,
in the first
instanee, they refused •to do.
Private letters from Malta of the beginning of
taken in Provisions for his whole squadron for finer
August, mention that Admiral Sir 11. Neale had
.
r_itoritha ,
and, had offered convoy from Malta to the
Levant, to all the mereh ' mit vessels which were bound
d
important arrangement,
that way at a specified time. This was considered an
mouths past, almost ever vessel,' either •
because for u wards of nine
going to or
coining From the Levant, every
been plundered by, the
Greek piratess Sir 11. Neale was to proceed direct
to Smyrna, and from thence to Constantinople. His
family will remain at Malta till his return.

IItENCtI PAPERS.

‘‘l,

(From the Etaile, dated Saturday.)

PARIS, SEPT. B.—We have news from Lisbon, of the
27th of August, stating that " Don Antonio Guerreiro,
Minister of Police, has transmitted to the Criminal Court
the 'Orders of the Princess legend for that Court to pro-
Ceed, without delay, to investigate eiid patss sentence in
the affair Of the conspiracy discovered on the 21st instant
atrocious project, tending to excite the corps of ca-
valry o 1 the Royal Guard of the Police td revolt, to pro-
claim a new King and a new Regency, in contempt of the
incontestible rights of Don Pedro our legitimate King, and
of the Constitutional- Charter which he has given us."—
In order to obtain as promptly as possible a knowledge of
the tabors e lic t plot, the Regent transmits to the Court
I.ot,
the depositions of several individttals. belonging to the
corps
h which perform the principal part in the revolt.
r
paragraph is from the Gazette Universe/let
iefolo w wasilig to
It is affirmed at Vienna,_ that the Infant Don Miguel
has no. correspondence with Portugal ; that he has not yet
received the letters front his sister, which has been men-
tioned in the Gazettes. However this may he, it is certain
that Don Miguel has not yet taken the oath to the - Con-
stitutional Charter, and that this oath has not been taken
byany person whatsoever at the Portuguese Ambassador's."

(From the Afoniteur of Friday.)
'PARIS, SEPT. 7.—A letter from Toulon of 31st of
August, is to the following effect
Mr. B. arrived here on the 286, from Smyrna. He
states that Napoli di Romania is closely pressed. There
have been some engagements in which the Greeks have
suffered. There has been a naval action off Samos; the
engagement was not general.
The Turks declined the contest, though their ships were
more numerous and larger. However, they no longer
fear the Greek fire-ships, which they know very well how
to make loose; four or five of these fire-ships have failed,
and one of them, when it blew up, proved fatal only to
the intrepid Canaris, who, in escaping on hoard a scum-
pavia, had a shoulder shattered by a splinter. It is af-
firmed that he is .disabled for life, though he is not mortally
wounded.

.....
M. de Haller is now at Berne; his children, whO at
first blamed the abjuration of their father, have followed
his example, and embraced the Catholic religion.

(From the Pilote of Friday,)
A private letter from Vienna of 29th August reports on
the credit of commercial letters from Peru, that great dis-
content prevailed among all classes of inhabitants in Con-
stantinople, and that the Ottoman Government will have
great difficulty in giving stability to all the changes that
have been effected since the suppression of the Janissaries.
The Porte had received news from several Pachaliks in
Asia, where the Pachas had contented themselves with
publishing the firman abolishing the Janissaries, without
taking the precaution of disarming them, as had been done
in Silistria and Widden, and in Bessarabia.
NAPOLI DI ROMANIA, JULY 10.—The Greek GBlO4-
meat has just published the following proclamation, which
it addresses to the free nation and to the zealous patriots

" The Directing Commission of Greece -declares as
follows :

" When the Directing. Commission took charge of the
Government of the affairs of the country, which was' con-
fided to it by the third National Assembly, it then sin-
cerely exposed, by its proclamations, the danger in which
the nation was placed in consequence of the enemy's suc-
cess, the physical and moral state of our. affairs, and the
difficulties of relieving our wants, in the indigent state of
our Exchequer: All the Members had a natural repug-
nance to accept those functions, and to take on themselves
so great a responsibility. All their hopes were founded
on the Most High, on the entire Nation's hatred of tyranny,
and on the true patriotism of the Nobles, and of the civil
and 'military classes.
" In repeating the same declarations this day, after an
humble thanksgiving to the Most High, who has pro-
tected his people at the moment of danger ; after an
avowal on the part of the nation of its sincere gratitude to
the Philhellenes and philanthropists of Europe, whose ar-
dent zeal for the good of Greece fills constantly our grana-
ries with corn, and other necessaries in furnishing our forts
and our camps; the Govermnent appeals to the Nation to
rush- with promptitude to arms for the last time, more cer-
tain than ever of succem ; for never was the enemy lip
feeble us now, both on sea and land; never bad Greece a
fleet more numerous, more active, or more decisive In
battle; and never had a Nation hopes better founded in
exterior succour.

" What remains, then, for the execution of this great
plan ? Nothing else, no doubt, but, the 'concurrence and
assistance of those who inhabit the continent and see daily
the objects dearest to them exposed to massacre, slavery,
and dishonour. On us it depends this day, that we de-
stroy not for an instant the hopes of Greece and of the
whole Christian world—not dishonour the trophies gained
for five years—not allow an Egyptian to boast that after
the loss of the greatest part of his forces before Misso-
longhi, he will triumph all over Peloponnessus ; nor draw
down on us; in conducting ourselves so, the hatred, con-
tempt, and derision of all Europe.
" But while Greece, armed and poor, is to march against
the enemy, and shed his blood for his country, the rich and
peaceable citizen ought also—and it is his indispensable
duty to co-operate, according to his power, by his money,
to the wants of the soldiers, but particularly such ought to
co-operate under existing circumstances, when, it is known
the Government expects no loans, has not revenues nor
other resources. The crowd assembled at Nauplia is in
this case the only resource, which, how moderate soever it
be, will, notwithstanding, bring great relief to the just ne-
cessities of our warriors, and particularly of those who im-
mortalized their names during the terrible siege of Misso-
longhi, and glorified their country by the evils which
they have suffered, and by the brilliant actions in their de-
fence.
" We call then this day to the combat, those men who
are in a state for bearing arms, and from the others we de-
mand a voluntary contribution. The Government is de-
cided in giving a good example to contribute its money to
march against his enemy.
" In this crisis the Government has only to do that which
was directed. It ought to do it, and it shall do it with
promptitude. .. " A. ZAIMIS, President.
" C. ZOGRAPHOS, Sec.
" Nauplia, 19th June (Ist July)."
As soon us this
,proclamation was published, voluntary
contributions commenced with alacrity, and have continued
ever since, with a generosity unexampled on the parts of
the citizens and inhabitants of Nauplia. Some of these pa-
triots resolved to convoke all the citizens in the public
square, and they chose M. Gennadius to harangue the peo-
ple. This Was a happy day for Greece. This orator has
so well depicted the grievances of his country, and pointed
out its wants, that contributions to a large amount were
'immediately given.
The heroes of Misaolonghi showed, on this occlusion,
that they were no less devoted patriots than intrepid
warriors. One was seen offering a piece of silver, another
a gold or silver watch, and a third a Government bond,
and several presented their horses and rich caparisons, with
their own embroidered dresses. Children of 10 or 12 years
offered their mite on the altar of their country. One poor
little creature, who had subsisted by alms collected from pas-
singers, and the produce of water which she carried through
the streets and sold to those who could spare themselves
the trouble of carrying it, by giving her a trifle for her
labour, gave two crowns, the fruits of her toils, which she
had hoarded. in a cincture with three knots. The enthu-
siasm excited by this act' was indescribable. Nothint
the siege of Missolonghi, fined the humble
could be heard through the city but shouts of liberty
man who, during
station of gunner, offered a bond for 200 piastres and a
crown and a half, the whole of his stock; and a soldier
of the regular troops, gave a talisman of silver, With the
imageof St. George and a crown. Nothing could equal
the toy which the events of this day diffusetiAmong every
description cif people at Nauplia. The strangers sojourning
there sympathised with the inhabitants, and offered their

t
purses to testify the lively interest which they took in, the
efforts made by the patriots of Greece ; while Peloponesian
Rumeliot, and the natives of the island, looked upon each
othet as brothers. _ _

(From the Constitutionnel.) '
It is announced tot certain that the Legislative Chambers
will meet on the 13th of Meet /the'',
Letters from Madrid state that, ills conflict between the
citizens of Laganez and the French soldiets, upwards of
Sixty' pitrsons have been killed or wounded. The details,
however, thotigh apparently very probable, do not appear
to us invested with end character of truth which would
justify our publishing theni.
(From the Journal des Delictit, Sept. 8.)
I.llsBOrt, Autt. 23.—(Private Correspondence.)—The
Ganges, an English ship of the line, bound from Plymouth
to Brazil, having on boatel the Ambassador of his Britanthe
Majesty to the Court of Rio &Janeiro, has just anchored
in our harbour; but by the change of position which the
English vessels in the Tagus have just made, in order to
give place to the Ganges, it is supposed that the new Am-
bassador to the Court of Brazil has instructions to remain
here for some time, for the purpose of acquiring informa-
tion respecting passing events, which he may think 'will be
acceptable to the Emperor Don Pedro.
The laid fortnight has given birth to six new periodical
works, chiefly intended for the discussion of political affairs.
The titles of some of them evince the principles which
they are to advocate—such as the Old Liberal, the Friend
of the Charter, the Spectator, the Fiscal of Abuses, &c.
The Old Liberal, the first that appeared, is conducted by
lawyer of great merit.
MADRID, AUG. 28.—1 n a journal called the _Mario de
Madrid, we find an article, from which it appears that the
Portuguese at Madrid are summoned to present them-
selves at the office of the Portuguese Ambassador, to take
the oaths to the Constitution. It may be necessary to
state, that the Editor of the paper does not make use of
these express words, but only says that they are invited to
attend at the office, for the purpose of being made ac-
quainted with the communications which have been re-
ceived from their Government.

M. Salmon, Minister of Foreign Affairs for the time
being, has not accompanied the Court to St. Ildefonso.
M. Calomarde is the only Minister who is at present with
his Majesty. All the others direct their communications
on the state of affairs to him, who, after submitting them
to his Majesty, returns the answers.
The Council of. State is, in fact, suppressed, and cannot
be assembled without an order from the • King. The
Council of Ministers has just been re-established, and is to
assemble three times a week at St. Ildefonso.

Mr. Lamb, Minister Plenipotentiary from the court of
England, displays great activity here. He has frequent
conferences with M. Calomarde. The evacuation of the
Peninsula by the French troops, the recognition of the
South American States, and the Cortes' Bonds, are the
great subjects of negociation. Mr. Lamb does not quit
the Court for an instant, and is treated with the greatest
distinction.

PRICES OF STOCKS THI
Bank Stock shut
9 per Cent. Red. shut
3 per Cent. Cons.
3! per Cent.
Ditto Red shut.
I per Cent. New 943104
Ditto, Scrip • -
Bank Long Ana.
India Stock -
Ditto Bonds 213 pm.

PRICES O1•' FOREIGN F 1
Austrian Bonds, S per cent. —
Brazilian Bonds
Buenos Ayres Bonds
Chilien Bonds, 6 per ct.
Colombian Bonds
Ditto, 1624 ll
Dani 8 per cent.
(ireeß Bonds
Ditto, 1225 13371,
(ittatunala
Mexic,in Bonds
1)o.1825 '2 2 194

DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.

South Sea Stock
Old Annuities
New Ditto
Ex. Bills, £l,OOO 2d. 17 18 17 pm.
Ditto 5OO 2d 19 17 pin
Ditto Small
Ditto Advertised I.B 18 16 pin.
Bank for Account
India for Account
cons. for Account 79% 9
