ess, and composed solely of persons in whom
from their age, dignity, and ministry, virtue bar!
`become a habit, and the force of the passions was
mortified ; be tidio, in tine, considers all ob-
, etaeles and events which have preceded„and hither-
to accoritranied the oatianaiCougress, and ob-
serve how Mail are the acts of the Cortes which
have been oppresSive since they have been ass
sembleds. must ;either-be unable to acknowledge
and sppretiate virfues, or.- must pay that tribute
of praise wshich is deserved, not onlyby.those
the Deputies; .bsit those of the .wholt Spahish
Nation, 'WhiPli cannot neglect. those who have
placed all Their:glory in. labouring to representit
worthily. Deserving fellows:Citizens, svho invest-
ed with the natioaal representation are destined
to succeed os; hasten to complete and bring to
perfection the great, work which we leave in your
hands. Qtrrsu as the honour tri prepare the way
for you ; yours be the glory to bring the whole to
a conclusion. Every thing announces that the
day of the sals-aims and liberty of our country it
hastily approaching ; and you perhaps are those'
whom fleaven has pointed out to fix its destiny.;
you will.fix it without more labour than Merely
not impeding, or disturbing the course of things,
Mid profiting by the advantages now ()tiered by
'the political and military situation of Europe, and:
especially of Spain, so different, alt ! so different
from that in which the present Cortes were in-.
stalled. 'then shaken and tottering were all the
pillars of the social edifice, and the State, as
is were almost dissolved,. you then placed on P
solid and firm basis. Ardent was then the Spanish
enthusiasm but this flame was defulened when
the people perceived that the awcient laws, and
the anelent abuses of power still subsisting, the,
inestimsbie sacrifice of their lives was lavished for
the vain idea of not changing the name of- their
oppressors : at present this patriotic flame shall
remain inextinguishable, because the people fight
and conqueror the for beneficent institutions, for
a real country, and for the real good of their m•
dependence. Then Almost all Europe was en•
slaVed and oppressed, There was scarcely any
country but in the hearts of the Spaniards, end-
our enemies threatened. us at the very gates of
Cadiz. Now almost all is free, and we threaten-
ed the euemy in his frontiers. 'Ve now have con-
chided all,ances with great powers, which we for..
Inert), wanted ; and our' ancient friends, finding
themselves by our constancy in a better situation,
contribute more effectOally to our liberty.' Sicilian,
troops combat with ours ; the numerous and va.:
liant Portuguese Army has' covered itself, with
glory on our plains. Great and generousSngland
sees her sons crowned with Spanish laurelit'Whiph
shall never fade; and besides the assistance which
she has lent to the common cause, has the foitune
and glory of having setit the ever unconquered
*Wellington, the immortal Captain of the Allred
Armies, ever triumphant. Then the whole North
was sunk in a lethargic slumber ;, now the Magna,.
ItillIOUS Successor of Catherine has beat 'cown'and
detroyed, More than once, the haughty trench
eagles ; and after his example, the Snecessori of
Gustavus and Frederick have also raiied,-their
heads. We have now a million of enemies less
than then; and those which remain are less for.-
' midabli to us train the moral force which we have
gained, and which they have lost. We had then
a flovernment, which from its unsteadiness and
id acknowledged atithority, was not what circum-
stances requited ; but you will find one composed
of persons, who, by their moderation, their vir.
tue, and their love to the system which the Coates
have established for the good of the people, must
produce the happiness of the' people.
" Beware, then, oh ! deserving successors to our
honour and our labours, that nothing disappoint
circumstances so favourable. Jim you arc founded
all the hopes of the Spanish people, and the hopes
of that people so great, so virtuous, and so worthy
to be happy, shall not be disappointed. Preserve
inviolate the sacred and beloved deposit of the
Constitution which we deliver to you, and recoil'»
mend to your care •eith the greateSt affection. It
is the delight of the Spaniards, who have received
it with the most voluntary and most solemn vows.
Watch carefully over its observance, since it
alone can maintain always alive the patriotic fire ;
it alone can be the iris of Peace in the wild storms
which agitate unrorrimate America, 'and it alone
must be the' bond Which strictly and cordially
unites all the brethren of this immense and vir-
tuous family. But these wishes which the nation
forats for its prosperity, arc intimately Mingled
with others no less ardent and sincere for the most
beloved of its Kings, far the innocent and onfor-
tonate youth Ferdinand of Bourbon ; and if even
in his slavery this amiable Prince was time idol of
the people, and all hoped 'that lie would break his
chains with a strong !mud in 'the clay of his power,
what must be now our wishes to see him free in
the midst of tis what our hopes that he will
cause the happiness of his 'people, when he was
heard to call for the Ineetitig of the Cortes, which
are the bulwark of Spanish liberty 1 when he has
felt the Weight of persecution and inisfortutie, and
wheii its doing ggod he would not base to encoun-
ter the obstaeles whkh would have been opposed
ter hitn,:by the interest of those who live by dis-
order, the force of custom, and the respectable
crumple of his predecessors'. 01 that !!haven
would fulfil these suss hoFsA, and aceepthos the
profuse sacrifice of our blood, listen propitiously
to the vows which resound.night and day through
our public places, our domestic walls, and the
eugust roof of National Congress !—Oh ! may we
see him with out own eyes, in the bosom of his
great family, and may we hear'him with our own
ears caned, the father and friend of his people
And you, worthy and generous:representatives of
the Spanish people, 'glory in your lab Ours, and in
your exertions. The applause of natioiss, the con-
gratulations of the good, the murmurs of the
disposed, and the indignation of the envious
this is your eulogium.
" The love and gratitude of Spaniards, and the
happiness of the, country—this is your reward.
Nevertheless, I tell you, that the moment of our se-
patation having artived, evils (tad persecutions are
preparing for you, because this is the ordinary
fall of those who upon earth, rooting out abuses,
promote the public good and virtue. Brit no ; our
singular and glorious revolution has restored. to
Spaniards their ancient character and their first
virtues ; you will receive the rich harvest of the
benedictions of your fellow-eitizens. Go, then,

to inform them uf the benoAts which the ConstittT
don has prepared tor them tell them that'the
rel(triun of their forefathers remains pure, entire:,
unhurt ;: fik their opinion, shodld it be wander.;
'rig; and to those places who may still he dokht-
fat, hecaase-.they do not know the wishes and
real intentions cif the National Congress, and are.
.therefore unfortunately misled by an ideal inde-
pendence—tell them, convince them, that the
greatest enemiek„to slavery cannot wish for more
liberty than this•memotable code of our rights in-
sures to them. Take such measures, that, well
instructed in their duties, and nobly proud of their
dignity, .they may think and act like Spaniards ;
that by their social and moral virtues they may
terve as a Triodel to all notions in the world and
that the Spanish 'citizen may be what. was in for-
mei times the Roman, an object of ambition even
to litags."

•
ments.df the good city of Amsterdam, and that i!
will scan proceed to-the place of its destioAtion.
Ltlrsic, 6......411C Gazette -of this city.
contains the 'following articleL.:—
• " The Prince of SWeden has for- sortie time
been issuing publications,- which may,
•b denominated pantphlets. it is inconceivable,
that this Prince should so far forget the rank to
which be has been raised, as to sign productions
issuing from the brains of a Kotzebue, a Schlegel,
-a Sarazin, or, a Goldschmidt. The public asks,
with astonishment, is not this Prince the same
Prince of Note Corvo, whom the Trench Govern-
ment designed to appoint Marshal, and has since
loaded with favours and gifts ? is he not ttie saute
Marshal, who, in Ham! urgh, Hanover, and El-
bing, imposed such heavy contributions, merely
to fill his private coffers ? Is he not that Berna-
dotte, that violent Jacobin, who during his lega-
tion to the Court of Vicuna, displayed the tri-
coloured flag, and occasioned his expulsion from
that city ?' is
.he not the same Bernadotte, whose
ptinciple'S France contemns, and who, but for the
indulgence and protection of the Emperor Napo-
leon, who generously-forgave his errors, in ,con-
sideration of his alliance :with his family, must
now have been grovelling in the dust ? Assuredly
this is the very saute man--he who owes his de-
vation to the Throne of Sweden, only to the ad-
miration and regard which the power and suc-
cesses of France had excited in Sweden, and who
could not have seated himself on that throne but
with the permission and consent of France. It
shocks us to behold ingratitude, degradation, and
disregard of every honourable. feeling, carried to
such an. extreme. According to the opinion of
persoos who have the best means of information,
the reason of this conduct is, that being paid by
• EnglantL it has been imposed upon him as a duty,
to degrade himself, and to break for ever with
France; and with this vies . he has been led to
accept Guadaltrape, a French possession, and has
promised to sign • all the libels that the English
may think proper to compose. Sonic deem it
quite natural, that the Prince of Sweden, like all
other renegadoes, should fignrc, as the most s ta-
lent enemy of his country. • Others, in short,
think that this Prince is rather to be pitied, inas-
much as his mother having been deranged, and.
some of his brothers and sisters being actually in-
sane, be may have been impelled to his present.
line of conduct, by attacks of the saute malady.=
The destiny of Sweden, in fact, is truly singular.
She expels from the Throne a Prince of disorder-
ed intellect, and calls to it a French General, who,
born a Catholic, is compelled, as the first act of
his government, to abjure his religion ; and this
same General, the twentieth only in rank in the
French army, whose principles and mica! charac-
ter are held in such slight estimation in his na-
tive country, is the son and brother of !mimics,
and already begins himself to experience the at-
tacks of that malady."

MAILS.

Anntven-3 Dublin, Waterford. DUE-1 Cadiz, Lt,:bon,
I MON, 1 liottenburgb, I Corunno, s Heligoland, Wa.
terford.

ALL Sams.--Holyday at the Exchequer, Dauk, and South-
Soa-Houie.

WATER. Al' LONDON' BRIDGE 'ro-11011.110W.
Nlotiting, e tuilivitt* rifler 8. I Evening, f 27 uiiiatai4:s

sv GA Re, average price of Brown or Muicorado Sugar,
compute:l (ruin the Returns nude in the week ending .270 a
October, ta hi, is as, ad. per cwt.

rniE SUN.

SoLEM Qull rm..4tlAi Atiri)EAT.?
