DUTCH PAPERS.

THE HAGUI, Nov. 24.—0 n the 13th inst., a sergeant
roamed M. Zylsba, belonging to the second battalion of the
17th division of infantry in garrison at Philippine, de-
serted to the enemy with his arms and accoutrements.
The following article of the 21Iessager de Gand
shows us what fruit this man, who was born in Gro-
ningen, but latterly lived at Antwerp, has gathered from
his crime :

" The day before yesterday (the 14th) a Dutch ser-
geant, who had deserted, arrived here. This mars, who
seems not to t,e destitute of resources, fancied that as
soon as he set foot on the hospitable soil of Belgium, and
conducted himself according to the laws in force there, he
should be at full liberty to choose his place of abode and
mode of life ; he has, however, found himself mistaken.
Immediately on his arrival here he was ordered to go to
Ostend and enrol himself in the Portuguese Legion,
which is immediately to rail for Portugal to fight for the
cause of Don Pedro. He was in despair at his rash step,
but his complaints were unavailing, and he was conducted
by force to 0-tend "

DUTCH FUNDS—AMSTERDAM, Nov. 26.
Actual Debt, 944 per Cent. 48% to 4914
Ainort Syndic, 4y.,", per cent ...... B7q to 87%
Ditto, ditto, 3y4 per cent.
Voluntary Loan, 1831, 6 per cent 102% to 103
Ditto, 11132, 5 per Cent.
Ditto, 1833, 5 per Cent.
Exchange on London
7-z" Ditto, two months 12.0
—.Dutch Papers, Nov 27.

BERLIN, Nov. 21.—Marshal Maison passed through
Elberield on the 17th inst. on his way to St. Petersburgh.
Nov. 22.—His Majesty the King has bestowed on
Prince Felix of Schwartzenberg the order of the Red
Eagle of the second class.
ST. PETERSBURGIi, Nov. 13.—The Commercial Jour-
?, a/ contains a view of the trade of the kingdom of Poland,
from which it appears that a very great change has taken
-place in tilt, trade between Poland and Russia in the time
from 1830 to 1832. This change is accounted fur by the
late regulations of the trade between Russia and Poland,
which are founded on reciprocity. Now it is natural that
Russia, from its greater extent and population, should have
more articles to export to Poland than the latter had to
send to Russia. Accordingly, in 1832 the exportations
fr m Russia to Poland were three times the amount of
those from Poland to Russia. In 1830 the excess of the
rportation into the kingdom above the exports n as only
2,640,544 florins, but in 1832 it an. 28,342,513 florins.

TRADE or POLAND.-The following is a general view
of tl e exports and iwporta of the kingdom of Poland to
and from Russia, Austria, and Cracow, in 1830 and 1832 :

EXPORTS IN 1830.
To Russia
To Prussia 27,596.525
To Austria
To Cracow
EXTORTS IN 1832

9,671,779
22,015,579
208,160
2,195,275
IMI.ORTS IN 1830
From Russia 19,282,999
From Prussia 18,239,106
From Austria
From Cracow
DIFORTS IN 1832
From Russia 29,966.963
From Prussia 20,536,891
From Austria 10,592,871
From Cracow
PRUSSIAN FUNDS—BERLIN, Nov. 22.
St. Schuld Sch., 4 per cent 97 Li 98U
Pru•sian English Loan, ISIS, 5 per cent 1034
Ditto .... 1922, 5 per cent.... 1034
Ditto, Bonds 1834). 4 per cent.... 91% 91
—Prussian State Gazette, Nov. 23.

To Russia
To Prussia
To Austria
To Cracow

DEATH IN A GAMBLING-HOUSE.—(From
a Correspondent.)—lnformation was yesterday afternoon
received at Mr. Higgs's office, the Deputy. Coroner for
Westminster, of a death which had occurred under very
mysterious as well as suspicious circumstances, in the
well known gambling-house, No. 6, on the South side of
St. James's-square. The circumstances connected with
the case baying been conducted throughout with the
greatest privacy, it is with difficulty we have been able to
glean the following account, which, for accuracy, we have
not the slightest reason to doubt :—The name of the
deceased is Henry Higgins, aged about 48 years; he has
been for some time past employed as a waiter and " card-
dealer" in the above notorious bell. At an early period
on Tuesday morning last, while engaged at his occupa-
tion, he was takes s-riously ill—he principally complained
of a violent pain in his bead, and appeared in a state of
stupor. By the persuasion of the party then at the house,
he went to bed, after which various medical gentlemen
were sent for, among whom were—Messrs. Tracey, of
Charles-street, St. James's ; Joseph Gibbons, his assis-
tant ; and Tegart, of Pall-mall, when cupping, bleeding,
and other remedies were resorted to, but notwithstanding
all medical assistance he expired shortly after. An under-
taker,
named Nicholls, residing at Alarylebone, being pie-
s-tat, it was agreed that he should inter the deceased
With as much privacy as possible, in order that the hell
might not be exposed. On Wednesday evening the under-
tsker proceeded to the house with a conveyance for re.
moving the body to his own residence, which he ultimately
succeeded in doing, without giving notice of the same to
the parochial officers. The surgeons, thinking it was
proper that a Coroner's Inquisition should be held upon
the body without delay, gave information of the occurrence
to Webb, the beadle, who, after inquiry, and ascertaining
the information to be correct, apprised the Coroner of the
same, when the Coroner instantly gave directions to the
beadle to have the body removed back to the gambling.
house, in order that he might cause a Juty to be empan-
nelled to inquire by what means death was occasioned
and if his r.q,,i,ition
was not compliA with, be would
indict the undertaker for a misdemeanor at the present
Middlesex Sessions. The beadle not knowing where the
undertaker resided, retutrne doedtoor bythe gambling-house, when
he was waited upon at the
a gent'eman of vet
dashing exterior, who said that he had exerted himself to
the utmost in endeavouring to gain an interview with
Nicholls, the undertaker, but without success. He believed
the undertaker resided in Cleveland•street, Marylebone.
Tt e beadle replied that he would do his duty, and if the
lot dy of the deceased were buried before an inquest was
bt ld thereon, be would have it disinterred. The deceased,
who it is rumoured died from excessive intoxication, I,s
left a widow and family.—Morning Paper.
In the Grand Duchy of Posen the cholera
has just broken out among tbepoultry. The geese, ducks,
chickens, &c., fail down suddenly, and during the evacua-
tion of a milky liquid, they expire. The body immediately
turns of a deep blue, and in all the liver is found diseased.
On the frontier of Poland a murrain prevails among the
eallket

LONDON,
FRIDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 29, 1833.

The Paris papers of Wednesday, which ar-
rived this morning, contain very little news of
interest. They state that the troops of the
Queen of SPAIN entered Vittoria on the 20th,
not on the 19th inst. as was first announced.
There is no official information yet of the de-
feat of MERINO. The treasurer-general of
SAARSFIELD'S army had fled with the mili-
tary chest, but was arrested on the Bridge of
Irun by the French sentinels. The domestic
news of the French papers is very trifling. The
combinations of workmen have extended to
several more towns, and slight disturbances had
taken place, but they were soon repressed. The
accounts from Germany, in these papers, state
that the Neckar Gazette, the only independent
journal in Germany, had been suppressed by the
Diet, in virtue of instructions from the Mun-
chengratz Despots. The Chamber of Wirtem-
berg has adopted a bill for the abolition of
tithes. It is stated, in an article from Russia,
that, in consequence of the dearth in the
southern provinces, an ukase has been issued
granting certain indulgences to the mercantile
classes.

FRENCH FUNDS.—Pants, Nov. 27.
Five per Cents., 162 f. 50c.
Three per Cents., 75f. 00e. 25c.
National Loan, 102 f. 60c.
Bank Actions, 1,725 f.
Rente de Naples, 91f. 50c.
Roman Five per Cents., 89M.
Bente d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 16c.
Rente d'Espagne, Three per Cents., 36.
Royal Spanish Loan, 80M.
Rente Ferpet. d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 6.93;.
Belgian Loan, P. 131, Five per Cent., 96k.
Haytian Loan, 273 f.

EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, 25f. 30c. • money, —l. —c.
Three months, paper, 9.5 f. 2e. ; money, —f. —e.
—fours Authentiqu e.

We have received Frankfort papers to the
23d inst. They contain no political news of
interest. It is stated in an article from Berli n
that two Homoprethic Doctors ure to be brought
to trial for having administered morphine to
chil-
dren in strong doses. Two of their young patients
are stated to have fallen victims to these doses.
These Homoprethic gentlemen are disciples of
HAHNEMANN, a German Doctor of high repute
in his own country, who has written two
thick volumes, in which he contends that the
ten thousandth part of a grain of any medicine,
however mild, is sufficient for the strongest
patient. His disciples seem to have made their
practice very different from their professions.
The discovery is likely to give a death blow to
the absurd doctrine of HAHNEMANN.
There are accounts from Greece to the sth
ult., but they possess no interest.

Five per Cent. Metal'lgoe,' 93 7-16 ; Four per Cent.,
821; Bank Stock, 1,197i._

In another column will be found an account
of the opening of the session of the Colonial
Legislature of Jamaica, on the Bth October,
with Lord MULGRAVE'S speech, announcing
to it the receipt of the Slavery Emancipation
Bill. The Noble Earl's speech is worthy of
himself, of the occasion, and of the nation as
whose mouthpiece he acted. It is calm and
decisive, but conciliating in the highest degree.
The compliment paid to the generosity of the
nation, for its pecuniary sacrifice in this great
cause, is hardly so warm as we think it might
have been. The planters should consider, that
had not Parliament interfered at all, there can
be no doubt that the slaves would shortly have
set themselves free, and massacred them into
the bargain. A grant of twenty millions ought,
therefore, to be looked upon as a complete
Godsend. We trust, however, that the dis-
satisfaction which some have expressed is by no
means generally felt, and that, as Lord NIUL-
GRAVE says, there will be no objection to the
principle of the change. It would appear,

~)

however, that his Lordship anticipates consider-
able difficulty in arranging the details of eman-
cipation. We would advise the slave-owners
not to stretch the cord too tight. As leave has
been given for the bringing in of two Bills, one
to abolish slavery for ever, and the other to
extend religious toleration to all sects and
classes, we may expect, by the next packet, to
have some decisive indications of the temper in
which the Colonial Legislature is treating the
subject.

DANIEL O'CONNELL, Esq.—we beg par-
don, Mr. BARRETT, the proprietor of the
Pilot, has been found guilty of publishing a
seditious libel, having attached to it the name of
DANIEL O'CONNELL. It will be seen that the
Learned Gentleman acted as Counsel for the
defendant, and played his part in the farce to
admiration. The legerdemain which has so
delighted the people of Dublin would have
merely excited ridicule and contempt, could we
forget that he is now playing, not merely with
the paltry pence of his starving and deluded fol-
lowers, but the prosperity and happiness of the
empire. We, in London, can hardly imagine the
scene, but putting aside the serious view of the
subject, it must have been amusing in the ex.
tteme to hear O'CONNELL speaking of " the
writer" of the letter, quoting upon the Judges
arguments they urged thirty years ago under
totally different circumstances, turning a Court
of Justice into a lecture room for repeal, and
receiving the applause of his backers as if he
were haranguing on the hustings. Of a truth
our fellow subjects have strange ideas of decency
and decorum.

We have reason to believe that the reports
which have been in circulation for the last fort-
night, of the probable retirement of Earl GREY,
were not originally without foundation ; but it
appears that on Saturday or Sunday last some
arrangement was come to by which the Noble
Earl was induced to suspend his determination.
The Tories, with their usual alacrity, have
spread a rumour that Lord GREY had quar-
relled with some of his colleagues in office, and
that his wish for retirement was to be attributed
to that circumstance. Never was statement
more unfounded. Although much more liberal
than some of his colleagues, Earl GREY knew
but too well their. influence in a particular
quarter; and dreading lest by betraying a want
of cordiality towards them, he might expose the
Cabinet to a chance of dissolution, and bring
about the accession of the Tories, he has given
way on many occasions to what is called the
moderate portion of the Cabinet, and has thus
prevented dissension.
The real motive of Earl GREY'S determina-
tion to retire from the Ministry, and also from
public life—for we understand that in the event
of his resigning office, he will proceed to his
seat in the North, and pass the remainder of
his days in the more quiet but delightful exer-
cise of benevolence towards the poor of his

vicinity—is very different from that ascribed to
him by the Tories. His Lordship feels that
he is no longer in the vigour of life,—that he
has only commenced the great work of Reform,
and that younger, although not bolder, men are
required to complete it. He feels, too, that
after having done so much for the country, he
may fairly ask for repose in the latter years
of his existence without being subjected to an
imputation of cowardice in the great office which
he holds, and which he has hitherto discharged
with equal energy and integrity. Little do they
know of the cares and anxieties of an office like
that which Earl GREY holds, who imagine that,
except for purposes of public good, it can be an
object of ambition to a well constituted mind.
Little do they know of the difficulties with which

Earl GREY has had to contend who suppose
that he of all men on earth can have any de.
sire to remain in power, even though the path
for the future lay smooth before him. The
vexations of the past must have sickened him of
all fondness for power, even if lie ever enter-

tabled any from ordinary motives. When Lord
GREY points to Ns hat he has done—and let us
bear in mind that it was what few other men
would have dared to have attempted—he may
surely be allowed to ask for tranquillity during

the few years which the course of nature
has reserved for his existence. If the warrior be
permitted, when he has served his country, to
turn his sword into a ploughshare, the Statesman,
the Reformer, the friend and benefactor of hie
countrymen, may surely be allowed to pass the
few remaining summers of his life under the
shade of his own oaks, and in the quiet con-
templation of the political freedom which was
the work of his own accomplishing.

But, whilst we admit that Lord GREY could
retire from office without exposing himself to
any reproach for abandonment of public duty,
we would appeal to the patriotism which made
him a Reformer, and to the high mindedness
which enabled him to carry his measures
in the face of the corruption of centuries,
and solicit him to remain at his post until
assured that the consummation of his views will
not be prevented by mismanagement or want of
political integrity in his successor. It would
be one thing for Lord GREY to retire, after
having placed the reins of power in the hands
of a skilful and honest man, and another to
leave office with the probability of seeing a
corrupt or inefficient person occupy the post
which he had quitted. It would be great and
glorious for Lord GREY to say, "In the prime
of my life I struggled for reform when the cause
appeared almost hopeless, and in the ripeness of age
I have stood under the shadow of the tree, whose
imperceptible.
healthy, and under
growth r
leaveosvth thathad for
eyveiagros r
obue
se na
nadl imperceptible.
the care of those who will cause it to send forth
new shoots, and to become the parent of a
sturdy forest." We would have Lord GREY say
this of the Reform Bill for which the country is
indebted to him. We would have him accom-
panied to the scene of his retirement by the
blessings of the people for the past, and the
assurance of his own mind that he had provided
for their wants in future. Until then, Lord

GREY must feel that, although his past services
may render his wish for retirement to a great
extent sacred, the public claims upon him are
still too powerful to be resisted.

As it is understood that Lord GREY is ani-
mated by the feelings which his friends would al-
ways wish to attribute to him, and that he will not
retire from office until a successor can be found
who would not only not attempt to cheat the peo-
ple out of the rights, which they have ob-
tained, but who would also insist on their
obtaining those which are still withheld from
them—who would, in short, complete the
reform of which the Reform Act, great and
important as it is, as a first step, would ne-
vertheless be nothing as a final measure, we
will not now offer any speculations on the
reports which are in circulation as to his proba-
ble successor. We will only observe that the
country will neither bear an open Tory, nor a
Whig temporizer. The, next Premier must be
the advocate of the people's rights, or his reign
will be of short duration.

`We regret to perceive, by an extract from the
Huddersfield Express, that Captain FENTON,
the liberal Representative of the Borough of
Huddersfield, has died suddenly. Mr. SADLER
and Mr. WORTLEY, jun., have been named by
the Tories, in their indecent haste, as a Con-
servative successor ; but the intelligent and inde-
pendent electors look up to Mr. BLACKBURNE
(their fellow-townsman), as a far more qualified
Member to represent their local and national
interests. Mr. BLACKBURNE is a native of
that Borough, and, as the able Chief Commis-
sioner in the Corporation Commission, would
be a public acquisition to the House of Com-
mons, and an honour to the place of his nativity,
as Member for Huddersfield. Mr. BLACK-
BURNE is no "new light," but an old and
consistent Reformer—one who would be in the
Honse of Commons a most able and informed
advocate of Municipal Reform.

The Dublin correspondent of the Times, in
his letter of yesterday, gives an account of three
different plans of poor law proposed by indi-
viduals of some eminence, to be introduced into
that country. We have often recorded our opinion,
that any plan of compulsory poor relief in that
country should contain within itself the seeds of
its own dissolution, or at least of its own de-
pression. Now all the three plans before us, so
far from being likely to accomplish the great ulti-
mate object of extinguishing pauperism altogether,
contain provisions more or less calculated to en-
courage the curse it proposes to remove. Mr.
JAMES BUTLER BRYAN is the propounder
of one plan, the late Mr. ALEXANDER NIM-
MO, the engineer, of another, and Mr. JAMES
NAPER, said to be the richest commoner in
Ireland, and one of the best resident landlords,
of the third. All the plans propose that the
clergymen of both persuasions should be perma-
nent overseers of the poor, but to be assisted by
a fewer or larger number of laymen, elected by
the rate-payers. This, at first sight, appears
unobjectionable, but a little examination will
show it to be fraught with one of the greatest
of the many evils which attend the English
system. In England the Poor Law Commis-
sioners found that in many parishes the increase
of the poor rates was to be attributed to the fact
of the parish funds being administered by men
who had a direct pecuniary interest in conci-
liating the paupers. They found that the most
conscientious tradesman, who looked to the cus-
tom of the paupers for the support of his busi-
ness, was liable to let his feelings of self-interest
bias him in his distribution of the parish funds
intrusted to his care. Now the Catholic clergy
are entirely dependant upon the contributions of
their flocks; and however honourable and up-
right they may be as a body, it is expecting too
much of human nature to suppose that when a
man says he can make no contribution to his
priests' coffers without parish work and pay,
the whole of the latter should feel themselves
unbiassed in their administration of funds raised
from their wealthier and more provident neigh-
bours. It is of no use to say that the lay over
seers would be a check upon the clergy of both
denominations, for the latter, being the perma-
nent body, would inevitably have a preponde-
rating influence in the parochial administration.
We might point out other sources of mischief
in all the plans, but till we hear the intentions of
Government upon the subject, it will be unne-
cessary to examine them at greater length.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY..

FROM LLOYD'S.

DEAL, Nov. 28.—A gale from the S.S.W.—.The City
of Edinburgh, after driving a little, brought up again
without letting go her second anchor; she remains with
the Charles, Brooke, from Demerara, and others, appa-
rently well. A Government steam-packet, from Calais,
arrived this afternoon. Five p.m.-4 gale from S.S.W.,
with rain.

PORTSIIOUTII, Nov. 28.—Wind S. to S.W., heavy
equalls.—Arrived off port the Eliza, Kealey, from the
Mediterranean.

PLYMOUTH, Nov. 27.—Wind S.S.W., a gale all night
and to-day.—Arrived the Auspicious, Sealy, from Quebec,
with loss of boats, bulwarks, &c., baring been struck by
a sea.

FALMOUTH, Nov. 27.—Wind S. to S.W., strong gales
and Equally.—Arrived the African steamer, from Lisbon—
left the 21st instant, and Oporto the 22d.
STANGATE CREEK, Nov. 28.—Arrived the Constantia,
Echevarier, from Tarragona.

TORBAY, Nov. 28.—Arrived off port the Ann and
Maria, Shears, from Tarragona; and Fancy, Cox, from
Lisbon.

DARTMOUTH, Nov. 28.—Arrived the Betsey, Roxby,
from Quebec. _

LIVERPOOL, Nov. 28.—Arrived the Maddison, Wood,
from Virginia ; Tropic, Russell, from Savannah ; Vic-
toria, Evans, from Seville; and Lady of the Like, Banks,
from Lisbon. Off port the Liverpool, Barstow, from
Charleston.

The Jordison, bound to Bahia, was on shore near Liver-
pool on Wednesday, but expected to be got off.
The Colchester, Doreson, from Talinagouche to Liver-
pool, was on shore on the Ribble Banks on T Imlay, but
expected to be got off.
The Lion, Griffiths, from New Ross to Glasgow, was
put on shore at the Isle of Man the 25th instant, leaky
and pumps choked, and must discharge.
The Four Brothers and Four Sisters, Jackson, from
Gravelines, with loss of rudder ; and having been assisted
off the Goodwin Sands, put into Ramsgate.
The Samarang, Tenhatn, from Rotterdam to London,
after being on shore in the Shipwash and lost her rudder,
was driven upon the bar off Bardsey yesterday, and is
very leaky.
The Young Messenger, Gilman, bound to Dublin,
struck on Al klow Banks on the night of the 24th instant,
smug a leak, and hao Ailed with water...crew oared. I

KING'S BENCH.-(THIS DAY.)

Sitting++ at Weetmin•ter Michaelmas Term, before
the LORD CHIEF JUSTICE and Middlesex Common
Juries.)

MOPSEY V. ABBOTT.

Mr. TUESSIGER app.ared in this ;ase for the plaintiff,
who is a shoemaker, resident in the neighbourhood of
Russell-square. and the action was brought for the purpose
of recovering Si. 17s. for boots and shoes supplied to the
defendant's son, who is under the age of 21. The defence
set up was, that the son held a situation under G.,.ern-
ment, with a salary of 901., which it was submitted was
quite sufficient to ply all ordinary expenses, receiving his
board at home with his father gratuitously; but being
exceedingly extravagant the chlendant found it necessary,
by refusing to meet his liabilities, to endeavour to put a
stop to it.

Mr. PoLLocr was proceeding with the defence on these
ground•, when—

The LORD CHIEF JUSTICE said it was quite untenable,
and directed the Jury to find for the plaintiff.
A verdict for the plaintiff, with costs, was found
accordingly.
