KILDARE-STREET SOCIETY.

The Marquis of ANGLESEA presented a petition froth
the parish of Kileotner, in Ireland, praying, an itication
of the method of distributing the fonds plsetA by Podia.
*tient at the disposal of the Kildare-sttvet Society in Dub.
lio. The Noble Marquis aupported the prayer of the pe-
tition, and observed that unless Government interfered,
and adopted some of the suegestious which had been made
to them relative to the future management of the funds of
the Society, and the system of education, the whole oh,
jects of those who wished to give education to the Irish
people, would be completely frustrated. The propriety of
the management of the funds of the Society hod been
strongly questioned before he left the Government of Ire-
land ; and by a compromise between the contending par.
tie., it was agreed that 25,000 f. should be placed at the
disposal of the Lord Lieutenant, to be by him dealt with us
he thought best for the accomplishment of the intentions
of Parliament. He (Lord Anglesea), on learning the na.
tore of the trust reposed in him, proceeded to make in-
quiries respecting the state of the schools; but on referring
short time afterwards to the accounts of the.eapenditure
of the Society, he found, to his. great serprise, that of the
0,000/. placed at his disposal, 16,000/. bad hen already
expended by the Directors of the Society in advance, and
that the remaining 10,0001. were also devoted by them to
objects in 'rebid the Lord Lieutenant had not been eon
silted. Under these circumstances, and looking to the
dissensions which prevailed between the two religions with
rvspect to the system of education, he thought that Pone-
ment should pause before it gave any more money for the
same purpose—and that, at all events, no further grant
should be made without the most minute inquiry.
The Marquises of CLANILICARIM, Latisnowar., and
the Earl of DARNLEY supported the petition.
The Marquis of Downsutau and Lord CARustt
rk-
pressed their dissent to it, observing that the school in
question had been greatly productive of good to Ireland,
and that there had been no misapplication of its funds.
The Matilde of ANGLESEA had imputed no misap-
plication of the Society's funds. Ito had merely advised
Parliament to know how these funds had been disposed of
before it allowed a further grant.
The Marquis of CLANRICARDE presented a petition
from Galway to the same effect.
OUTRAGES IN KENT AND SUSSEX.

The Duke of RICHMOND, on the presentation of a
petition against slavery, took occasion to advert to the
debate which took place last night on the subject of the
state of the labourers in Kent and Sussex, and begged to
say * few words • in explanation of what fell 'from him on
that occasion. A Noble Lord opposite (Lord Teyoliam)
bad asserted that the farmers in the county of Sussex were
compelled to raise the rate of wages in consequence of
being subjected to intimidation from their labourers, • Now
this assertion he had felt himself warranted in denying, at
least with respect to the county of Susses. It might
hero been so in other place', but in Sussex generally, he
believed it was not the case. He did not then mean to
say that there were not one or two places in which in-
timidation might have been used, but in the West
of Sussex, with which he was connected, nothing of
the kind hail taken piece or been attempted. What
he relic then, however, for, was to give the Noble Lord
(Trynitam) who had made the assertion, an opportunity of
explaining the nature of the conelusiou he had drawn
Prom the communicationa which be • had referred to.—
The Noble Lord bad put into his hand'the letter:on which
he founded his assertion t but lie thought tloit if the Usable
Lord had attentively examined the terms of that letter, he
would have come to a very different eonelueion. He (the
Duke of Richmond) had nothing to do with the opinions of
the writer of the letter, but he found it stated the facts
thus ;—" The labourers called out for an increase of their
wakes." It was then said to them, " But what will you do
if the farmers refuse to grant that increase ?" " Will you
disgrace yourselves, and your county as they have done
elsewhere, by destroying the property of your masters, if
they find they cannot make this increase?" " No, no,"
they exclaimed, " we intend, on the contrary, to support
and protect our matters' property." " Well, but (it was said
to them) that assertion of yours is not enough t will you
put that in your petition to your masters ?" They said
they were quite willing to do so ; and the farmers, on re-
retying this petition, (lid coorent to give greater wage.
Nov this, he contended, exhibited nothing which could
be coestrued into Intimidation. He was sorry to say, how.
ever, that no man who heard the speech of the Noble Lord
coeld avoid receiving the impression, that its expressions
'were calculated to inflame the Minds of the people, and
aggravate the difficulties ht which the farmers were placed
with respect to their labourers. Ile was one of those
who thought the agricultural labourers of this country were
not adequately paid for their services ; but he was quite
certain that no course could be adopted more prejudicial to
their interests and to the interests of their masters, than
by making declaration, in that House, or in either House,
which would lead the labourers to believe that their olt4
jests could be affected by intimidating their masters. It
WWI because the people of Kent and Sussex were, un-
happily, in a state of excitement, that he thought nothing
should, be done to widen the breach between the labourer
and the farmer; for it could not bit too 4411 repeated, or
too widely disseminated, that the interests of the farmer,
the landlord, and the labourer,. were one and the same.
Lord TEYNHAM was obliged to the Noble Duke for
the opportunity be bad given him of explaining the mewl-
ing of what had fallen from him on a former evening. It
wits very far from his intention to excite the people to
violence. The meaning of what he said was thie—thet
in consequence of what hail happened in Sussex end else-
where, the farmers had felt it to be right to raise the rite
of wages; but be was at the same time fully prepared to.,
admit that it was necessary to put down every attempt at
ietimidetion, and that the labourers must not he led to
expect that they can obtain any increased sate of remintera-
tier' for their services without the full cement of their
employers. What he said on the former occasion was
merely this—that the labourer* bad demanded ,a higher
rate of wages, and that the farmers thought it prudent to
comply,

The Marquis CAMDEN was ,happy to hear the lan-
guage of the Noble Duke (Richmond) with relation to the
attempts of the labourer, 'against their employers. He
thought the declaration* on that subject would do goad,
awl that it was highly necessary the labourers should
know that any attempt- et Intinddatioa WM not approved
of either by the Parliament or the country at large. He
hoped, indeed, that the opinions of Parliament on this
subject would go forth to the country, and that it would Ire
understood bath in Kent and elsewhere, that no man of
either House approved of such a system. Any under•
taking to raise the wages of the labourer under such eir-
cunpitance* must fail, because thesmount wan much greater
than the WHIM' at prevent could afford to pay.

The Earl of DARNLEY said the disturbances in Kent
could not like arisen from the lowness af the rate of wages,
as it was a singular fart that the wages of labour were
higher in the disturbed district than in any other place of
the South. liAbelieved the diwturbances did not arise from
an inadequate rate of wages, hut from the superabundance
of labourers, and the want of einployinent. Throughout
that part of Kent the wages of an ahle.hodied nun were
two shillings a-day; sod if the farmers were di/posed to
givevas he understood vine of them hatl agreed to give,
two shillings and sixpence, then, in his opinion, the die.
trees would be increased ; :because the farmer could not
afford to employ solatanylabourere at two shillings and
girnstunt at he had formerly employed at two abillinga.
The Howie Adjourned at a Quarter after Six.
