EVENING EDITION.

them, bet also because he saw thus persons of every shade
of politic il and religious opinions united in the great ob-
ject of expediting that glorious time when men should
love each other as brethren, by seeking to remove from the
face of the earth the greatest cu:•se which ever had been
inflicted on mankind.--( Hear, hear. ) He felt that the
Divine blessing must ever attend efforts of this de-
steription, and he trusted it would he with them, and
animate the efforts of the Society, so long as there re-
mained on earth a child of Adam in sorrow or
In the grasp of tyranny. Oh, it was lovely to witness the
operation of this blessing upon their efforts among their
coloured brethren. It was not by spoliation and oppres-
sion we could civilize them, but by going among them,
taking nothing from them ; by giving them all, drying
out even our lives in order to effect the great purpose.
When thsv saw that the white man ceased to wrong them
they would listen to him, and when they felt that he had
their interest at heart, they would throng around the Mis-
sionaries, and receive from them the word of eternal life.
When he saw so large a portion of the world covered with
ignorance and oppression of every kind, how painful was
the thought that it was from the wrong doings of profess-
tng that it was in this benighted state. —( Hear. )
sic hoped it would not remain so long, but that speedily
throughout the length and breadth of the land the princis
Plea of the Gospel of mercy, and of love, would prevail.
With God there was no respect of persons, and whether
loan was in ebony or ivory he was alike acceptable to Hint
Who was the common Father of us all. Animated by these
feelings, he trusted the Society would bind themselves 'co-
Rether as with one soul, and persevere in this glorious cause
'l'lll, under the blessing of God, their efforts were crowned
with complete success.
Mr. JOSEPH STURGE said that although the Society was
rno,t anxious to have their venerable Chairman among
them ; he feared if lie remained longer be would be too
much exhausted, and he would therefore, propose that a
Person who was now in the room, and who was a slave
himself not three years ago, though now the bead of a re-
ligious congregation in Jamaica, should be introduced to
him, and shake hands with the person to whom he was so
Much indebted for his present freedom, after which his
Venerable friend would leave the Chair.
Mr. HENRY BECKFORD, a man of colour, then ascended
the platform, and cordially shook hands with the venerable
Chairman and his grandson, oiler which, turning to the
assembly, he said (as nearly -.ss from the low tone in which
ho spoke, we could collect. his words)—l am desirous of
!oturning thanks to .",,imigoty God, who has been so
kind and mercifrA as so look with compassion
upon those who, were confined in slavery, and to
restore us to our liberty and to our country. I re-
joice to see here the root of that Society by whose instru-
mentality 'this has been effected. You have heard of
slavery--,1 have felt it. I have seen the blood shed by it.
*--(H'..dr, hear.) I have seen my brethren and sisters
!coSned in ropes and chains; and, oh ! how my soul re-
4`.•ieed to see the day when we were restored to freedom,
atd when we returned to our native country, to tell our
friends there what we had felt and seen, and of the friends
Who had wished to deliver us from the accursed system.
slavery brings ,t man down to the level of the beasts.
The slave-owner regards the slave no more than the cattle
which he turns out in his fields to feed. Oh I may we not
rejoice that we can enter where noise can say to us—
" Where have you been this long time ?"—( Hear, hear.)
I rejoice to meet ycu here. I come here as a freeman. I
shall remain so for ever. I shall return as such to my na-
tive land and friends. Oh I look on me, and work on. I
was a slave twenty-eight years. Oh I look on me, and
Work on until every man and woman are as free as I am
this day_natil slavery is abolished throughout the world.
i am thankful for being present here, and I hope, Friends,
You will feel the blessing of God in this assembly, and that
he will touch your hearts and minds to do his work, and
incline you to be servants to do his pleasure. When I
nnsider that I was a slave—not in soul, for I trust it had
neon redeemed hey the Lord, but in body—that I have suf-
fered bonds and the punishment of the lash, should I not
rejoice that lam present here as a freeman ? Ido rejoice
`•••I thank God and vou for it—and I trust God will bless
Yon for all you have 'done for us.—( Cheers. )
The Venerable Chairman then left the room, all the au.
otenee remnining standing.
W. B. Blair, Esq., of Bath, was then called to the chair,
shortly after which Mr. O'Connell left the room amidst
loud
and general applause.
t. The CHAIRMAN said, having been called upon to succeed
0 venerable and respected friend, he could not but feel
mundeserving he was of the distinction conferred on
'tn. He was truly sensible that there were many per.
Deus in the assembly who possessed far greater claims and
getter qualifications to fill it. He trusted he would receive
the.. united support of the meeting in preserving order
nd decorum. It was unnecessary, after the business of
"le meeting had been regularly opened, to detain them
with any observations, but he would hazard one remark
II regarded the harmony of their future proceedings. It
was obvious that a meeting like the present must be corn-
Posed of persons entertaining a great variety of opinions
t'Pon political and other subjects, although cordially united
to the one great object that had brought them together.
He hoped, therefore, that no opinions or expressions
Would escape in the ardour of discussion which would hurt
,the prejudices or wound the feelings of any one—( Hear,
hear)—that a spirit of forbearance and conciliation would
be observed throughout their proceedings—and that no-
thing would occur to clash with the important objects of
the Association.—( Hear, hear.)
Mr. GEOROK THOMPSOISI had a resolution to propose
which did not require from him a single observation.
These proceedings would, in his opinion, be incomplete
7'thout it, and ha would, without further remark, read it
do the meeting. Mr. Thompson then read the resolu-
ai n' Which was to the effect that the meeting hailed with
nr.
,e
th gratitude to Almighty God the presence among
einre of their venerated friend, Thomas Clarkson.
The resolution was seconded by Mr. Phillips,, but,
after some discussion, it was withdrawn for the, purpose
q'making sonic verbal amendment to it.

Mr. Piiinnirs said he had a resolution to submit to the
sheeting, the object of which was to er.point a Committee
41 five to prepare a correct list of ',me members of the
eenvention, instructing them. to iAclude the names of all
Persons bearing credentials trr,,,m any Anti-Slavery So-
vietY• It had been suggeste,d to him by several friends to
shake a motion to that effect, and he would shortly state
413 reasons for doing so. There were several ladies from
91e State of Massachl7.setts who had been refused admission
14t0 the hall.—( Hese, hear.) lie did not use too strong
" expression wh'.ln he said they were aggrieved by that
tof the Co'.nmittee. The call of Mr. Tredgold, the
Secretary, w'nich reached America, bore an invitation to
frieneA of slavery of every nation and of every clime.
,;.`lear, 'near.) Massachusetts had for several years acted
mpo
the principle of admitting women on an equa-
lity 'With men in the deliberations upon the subject,
`lltl the American Anti-slavery Society had by a majority
°I votes adopted the same custon. The State of Massa-
husetts acted upon the call which had been read from
11° platform to invite its members to attend, and they
S:toed there in consequence of that invitation. They c0n-
,,!".(1 that they had a right to include women in that in-
tnation._(Cheers, and cries of " No, no.") They had
~c2rne 4,000 miles to attend the world's Convention, and it
101 rather bard that they should be now refused a place at
,7
meeting.—(Hear, hear.)
Professor ADAM had great pleasure in expressing his
entire concurrence in the sentiments of the last speaker.
'' would only add, that if ladies who had come from
America were not deemed entitled to admission in conse-
quence of the credentials that they bore, he felt that he
^8.3 not entitled to a place there.—( Hear, hear.) His
credentials proceeded from the same persons, and
ine, acme Society,—it bore the same names and
it` had no other authority by which he could appear
411101.1gst them or take a part ill their proceedings, and have
"lee in their deliberations, than the right which was
equally possessed by the ladies to whom a place amongst
4°."11 had been denied. In his opinion they were fixing a
stigma upon the women of America by not admitting them.
-(Loud cries of " No, no.")
Mr. STACEY felt placed in a very invidious position. lie
denied that there was any intention to throw the slightest
Stigma upon the friends from America. The system in
England was uniform, and it was this that 'in all matters of
mere business, unless ladies were announced as asacciated
they did not form any part of the working body.—( Hear,
hear.) Having taken an early part in the proceed-
ings of the Society he felt himself authorised to make
that remark, and to his certain knowledge
,the documents
calling that Convention had no reference at all, or ever
contemplated including females es a part of the Convention.
110 had become aware that there was a disposition, or. the
Part of their American brethren, to construe that clause
as it would have been used by themselves. On that know-
ledge the Committee issued another circular, dated 15th
February, in which the meaning was explained. lie felt
that in doing so they had done all in their power to pre-
vont inconvenience to their American brethren. As, how-
ever, the discussion on the subject had been introduced,
the sooner the Convention came to a decision on the ques-
tion the better.

Dr. BowßlNo, fltr one, would say that the system of
excluding ladies from co-operating in works of active bene-
volence, was a custom more honoured in the breach than
the observance. They had a recent instance of that deep
!merest which the most illustrious female in that c.iuntry
had taken in the subject, by sending her Illustrious Con-
aort to preside at the recent meeting of a similar Society
slt. Exeter Hllll.—(Hear, hear, and cheers.) He would
feraure to say that to the active and zealous co-operation of
ftlrnales, the Society owed a great portion of its success.
Zon`e looked up
the delegation of women to their Con-
• tion from the Transatlantic world with delight. What,
American women coming to England as the represents-
"'Yes of the Anti-Slavery Associations, not to be welcomed
rnong them I—what, were they not to be welcomed with
honour, not to be put in the seats of dignity ! Surely in
E•
ngland
that could never be. He trusted that the meet-
-11,:g Would respond to the proposition almost with unanimity.
Committee would be appointed, and he could not for a
moment think that they would refuse to greet such Dele-
gates with a hearty welcome„—( Hear, hear.)
The Rev. Mr. BURNETT, of Camberwell, said if ever
there could arise any question upon which the Members of
the Convention required the utmost calmness and self-
eollectedness, it was then under discussion. Even the
existence of the Convention itself was perilled in the pre-
tent discussion—( Hear, hear) --and whilst he bad the
Iligliest possible respect and regard for the ladies of
America, as well as in England, and whilst he could not
entertain for them other than feelings of the highest respect
and veneration, he must at the same time claim the indul-
gence of the meeting while he took a calm and deliberate
of that, the most important question which the Con-
vention could be called upon to discuss. It was ne-
cessary in the discussion of it to be both firm and
calm ; and he promised them that while he would be
firm in maintaining his sentiments, he would be as
calm in stating them. The gentleman who had stated
e , case had done so well and calmly, and claimed for
te Women what no man would he more ready to give
themt than he, viz., credit for their energy and devotion
to
the anti-slavery cause ; and trusting that those active
exertions.—not doubting that they would be continued,
and he must say that all this was applicable to the women
ofemgland too, he must still say that the friends in Ame-
had put a forced construction upon the words of the
i!ittation sent out by the Committee of the British and
t Oreigrt Anti.
Slavery Society. In ono thing said by the

• gentleman he cordially t'zircti'retal,•6 contended for put-
ting an American inverprelation upon American phraseo-
logy ; certsinly, 'So they ought, but they ought also, upon
the saran principle, to put an English intepretation upon
E ngt s h phraseology..—(Cheers and laughter.) They
tou6t be allowed to say that it never did occur to thy; c],---
ciety that they were inviting ladie!fr!ri :MY part of the
globe; it never was contr.`,`
;4-Aated that the resolutions of
their Counntitt.:o Could be so construed. Now it had
come ',Ton them by surprise, without any contemplation.
Now was it fair that they should be called upon now to
discuss such a question, when they never for a moment even
fancied such a contingency ? Now he must say, and it
was unfair that he should be called upon to do so,
that no indignity was offered, or intended to be offered, to
the ladies—!.hcv were placed on a level with their vwn
wives and daughters—(Cheers)—and if ;hey were placed
upon such a level it was impossible to say that any insult
or indignity was offered, or could be offered, to them.
He would welcome those Indies to their H all with pleasure
—to that part of it to which they would be admitted with
propriety. They would treat them with all attention, with
all respect, but they could not clothe them with the cha-
racter of officers ot the Convention. _ _

The Rev, Mr. Grew argued very shortly in favour of
the originni motion for the admissio❑ of the ladies.
"100 Rev. Mr. COLVER felt bound to say that there was
a very large portion of the brethren in America, who
upon this question thought as the English did, and had it
not been understood that the English principle would be
acted upon, many of theta would not have been there.
Mr. STACEY thought it was better to have a distinct pro-
position before them. He would, therefore, move as an
amendment that the ladies be received with all respect,
but not as delegates.
The Rev. Mr. GALUSTIER said he was the delegate from
an exceedingly numerous constituency in America, and
amongst them the ladies took no part in the business of
societies. He could 'ay that it was a very small minority
of the abolitionists who had allowed the innovation, and
it ought not to be acted upon there.
Dr. RoLiE, from Canada, spoke in favour of the
amendment.

Mr. J. BRAMBER, of the Legislature of Massachusetts,
hoped that the original motion would have been agreed to
without any discussion. He did not anticipate any differ-
ence of opinion upon such a question in that which was a
world's Convention. That was a Convention of aboli-
tionists from all parts of the world. Then were the dele-
gates of Massachusetts to be debarred the privilege—the
right of sending the delegates of their own election. It
would CO longer be a world's Convention, if such
freely-chosen delegates were to be excluded.—( Hear.)
It had been said if the women were admitted they would
take sides. Why, had they not as good as right to take
sides as the men?—( Hear, hear.)
Colonel MILLER then rose to address the meeting, but,
The CHAIRMAN suggested that it would be advisable to
have the second letter of invitation explaining the basis on
which the Convention had been called, read, which was ac-
cordingly done by the Secretary.
Colonel MILLER then proceeded. He fortunately be-
longed to a State in America that had never been troubled
with a woman question.—( Hear, hear, and laughter.)
The women were among their primeval abolitionists, and
had been merely seconded by their husbands. This ques-
tion ought never to have come here to have been settled,
but ought to have been decided on their own shores. The
women had been duly delegated in the cause of humanity.
He did not claim for them pre-eminence over man, but
would merely observe that they were first in their attend-
ance at the Cross, and first and last at the Sepulchre, and
that from that day to this they had taken the van in the
march of civilized liberty.—( Cheers.) He only wanted a
fair and honourable expression of the opinion of the meet-
ing, and to that opinion he pledged himself that the Dele-
gates from America would bow.__( Hear, hear. )
Captain STEWART was persuaded, having been in
the United States and being largely acquainted with the
great body of abolitionists, that in Pennsylvania and Mas-
sachusetts, the mo,t uncompromising friends of liberty and
of the slaves, were against the reception of Lady Dele-
gates as recommended.
111 r. WILLIAM ALLEN urged the assembly to con-
sider the value of the cause they were all met to promote,
and he regretted that a question of this sort had ever been
mooted,—( Hear, hear, hear.) It might be a subject of
grave and proper consideration at another time and in an-
other place, but he thought the introduction of the question
into that assembly would merely prove an apple of discord.
Mr. GEORGE THOMPSON claimed the attention of the
Convention for a few moments, because the present ques-
tion was one upon which he thought the fate of the Con-
vention, for all good purposes, hinged.—( Hear, hear.)
He had deprecated most sincerely the introduction of the
question into the Convention. He had anticipated it with
dread; and although they were not in a situation to re
trace their steps, yet they had it in their power to avert the
consequences that must inevitably ensue if they became
partisans in this matter; and if, in consequence of their
recorded votes, they should regard their friends, with whom
alone they could associate or be useful, as enemies.
He had listened attentively to the arguments of Mr. Bur-
nett, one of our best controversialists, and what were those

arguments ? First, that English phraseology must be
construed according to English usages ; secondly, that it
was never contemplated by the Anti-Slavery Committee
of that Society that ladies should occupy a scat in the
Convention ; thirdly, that the ladies of England were not
there as delegates; and fourthly, that neither he, nor any
other individual, had a desire to offer their Transatlantic

friends an insult. Those, he presumed, were the strangest
arguments Mr. Burnett could urge, and in opposition to
them he ( Mr. Thompson) would observe, that there were
presela ladies who presented themselves as delegates from
known Societies—the originators of all the other Societies
hi America. He had expected that Mr. Burnett, if he
had intended to offer a successful opposition to their intro-
duction, would have grappled with the constitutionality of
their credentials—would have gone to the question of
title, and disputed the right of the Pennsylvania Assembly
to send ladies to the Convention. Those ladies came
as the representatives of two millions and a half of
slaves, and he would implore gentlemen in voting upon
this question to remember that in admitting or rejecting
them, they acknowledged or despised their constituents.—
( Hear, hear, and No, no.) The grand objection that had
been taken was, that, if admitted, the ladies would be
placed upon a footing of equality with themselves, and that
that equality would be contrary to custom, usage, and prin-
ciple. That was a flimsy excuse for their exclusion.
They had advocated the cause of the poor slave, and suf-
fered much for his sake, before their opponents were known
as abolitionists.—(Cheers.) He could not understand the
ground upon which they were to be excluded. It could
not be on the side of intellect, principle, or discretion.
Their conduct in the anti-slavery cause had been above
all praise, and while they had carried their Hag in the van,
the men had most humbly and obsequiously followed in the
rear.—( Cheers and laughter.) The state of Massachu-
setts had heard Angelina Grimkins, the female delegate of
the Anti-Slavery Societies, and she was commended for
that course. The most affluent Societies in America were
those eonducted by women. As to the propriety of the
the thing he had his own opinion, and had laboured to the
eleventh hour to prevent the question being mooted
here.—(Loud cries of " Hear, hear.") Even now ho
should be glad if it were thought proper to withdraw it.—
( Hear, hear.) It was said that if they rejected not the
ladies they would regret it. Why? On account of mag-
nanimity or gentlemanly feeling ?—( Hear, hear.) He yet
apprehended the greatest difficulties from a division—
( Hear, hear)—and perhaps the sense of the meeting could
be taken without, and a protest entered. But upon the
question coming thus distinctly forward he thought he
should be recreant to all that was generous had he forborne
to say what he had. For the appearance of some of the
ladies he was answerable—he had written, inviting them,
but he confessed he did not then anticipate that they would
come as Delegates._( Hear, hear.) He earnestly re-
quested his American friends to withdraw their motion.
Mr. G. STACEY withdrew his amendment, trusting that
the original motion would also be withdrawn; and if not
the Convention would have to decide it, yea or nay.
Mr. G. Pimurs could not take upon himself the re-
sponsibility of withdrawing Delegates—first, for fear of
the ridicule of the morning papers--( Hear, hear.)
Here there were shouts of " Question and division."

The CHAIRMAN said that Mr. Phillips having exercised
his right of replying, he was now about to put thequestion.
Several Delegates here rose together to protest against
the question being now put.
Mr. PHILLIPS said he had not risen to reply, but merely
to explain.
The CHAIRMAN said that such being the case the dis-
cussion must be allowed to continue.

Mr. CAINES, of Edinburgh, then lose to address the
meeting, ant said that he had to propose an amendment,
which he hoped would have the effect of settling this
question, without offending the feelings of any party.
'rho amendment he proposed to submit was to the follow-
ing effect :—" That this Convention finds itself placed in
a state of great perplexity by the claims of the female De-
legates from Massachusetts and Pennsvlvaniaito be received
as Delegates to the Convention. That it regrets that,
according to the terms of the invitation it cannot receive
them as such ; whilst at the same time it takes this oppor-
tunity of expressing its admiration of the zeal which has
induced them to undertake a voyage of 4,000 miles in order
to he present on this occasion."—( Cheers.)
Mr. Asnu RST said it did not matter what were the inten-
tions of the Committee in issuing the invitation ; the question
was as to what their intentions ought to hare been. Thin was a
Convention met together on the principles of universal bene-
volence, and they ought to welcome all who came there for the
purpose of carrying those principles into effect; and from such
a meeting assembled on such principles they were now about
to exclude the women of America, and this they called acting
on principles of universality. They professed to act on princi-
ples of universality, and were about to commence their pro-
ceedings by disfranchising one half of creation. Women were as
competent as men to understand, and to guard everything con-
nected with Christianity, and to bring forth the best quali-
ties of our nature. Let them look at the argument on
the other side ; it was contended that the invitation of the
Committee should be construed according to the customs of the
country in which they were to assemble. Now what would
have been the case if the Convention had assembled in Virginia?
It would be said that by law and custom slavery existed in that
State, and that, therefore, they had no right to set themselves
in opposition to the prejudices and customs of society by at-
tempting to put it down.—(Cries of " No, no," and great
confusion.) The Anti-Slavery cause was under the greatest
obligations to the exertions of women, and yet they were go-
ing to begin their first Convention by disfranchising their con-
stituency as they did one-half of creation.—( Cheers. )
Mr. HA RI-oat), of Glasgow, regretted that the question had
been brought before the meeting. The Convention was now
called upon not to come to any decision as to the slavery ques-
tion, but to come to a decision on the question of the rights of
females.—(Cheers. ) Ile would yield to no man in the high
estimation he felt for the female character. No man appre-
ciated more highly than himself the kindness, the zeal, and
the disinterested benevolence of the female character, and none
had laboured more effectively than they had done in the Anti-
Slavery cause.—(Cheers.) But he doubted whether in such
a meeting as the present females were in their own proper
question of the admission should
cb'e pherree—sseldCtijcoea7li)J:isiaannd, if the
-hewould certainly give his most de-
cided opposition to it.—(Cheers.) It hod been stated by some
of the
from America, that this was with them a
question o deflceigfsts
conscience--why, it was aim a question of conscience
with 'lnn too. Ile entertained certain views on this subject,
with regard to the word of God, awl he thought and conscien-
tiously believed that if he gave his vote for admitting females
to vote and speak in such ;n asZernbly as the present, he should
