PARTNERAHIPS I)ISSOLYEi).

J. Gower and F. Lade, King-street, Covent-ortlen,
mercers—J. Leverett, sen. and J. Leverett, jun., Saffron
%hien, linen-drapers—J., J., and J. Fielding, Manchei-
ter, calico-printers—W. Naylor and T. Wills, Mortinser-
street, ,Cavendish.stpture, Ouse-cutters—J. Holman, Baal-
sephon-street, Long-lane, Southwark, and J. Maddison,
Taylor-place, Lambeth-walk, gravel-merchants—T. Hogg
and W. Graham, Neweastle-upon-Tyne, linen-drapers—
G. Payne and W. Lees, Glean-alley, Canterburpequare,
Southwark, Itat•manufacturers—G. Godwin and G.
Lucas, Camberwell,' job-masters,-W. and T. Vaughan,
Liverpool, linen-drapers—G. Battuck, S. Paine, and W.
E. Watson, Brighthelmstone, surgeons—T. Borne, J.
Smith, anti P. Wtiodgate, jun., Watling-street, ware-
,housetnen—S. and IL Perry, Birmingham, jewellers—J.
and J. Aldan., Redenball with Harleaton, Norfolk, wine
merchants—M. Duckett and 'T. Little, Tooley-street,
potatoe-merchants—L. N. Cove and J. Rickman,
Villiers-
street-wharf, coal-uter.ohante—E. and H. Dearman,
Liverpool, and B. Maier, Tunis, dealers—W. Chatfield
and J. Wild, jun., Charlotte-street, Rathbone-place,
dealers—G. and C. Earle, Great St. Thomas Apostle,
Queen-street, Cheapside, wine-coopers—S„ Thomann and
J. Ames, Regent-street, Millinera—M., M., and L. Bur-
dett, Ludgate-hill, millinersM. J. J meob, Falmouth,
and J. Ely, Dublin, miners..---T. Moore, T. Maltby, de-
ceased, and F. Robinson, Nottingham; bankers—J.
C. Martin, F. Laurent, M. A. Laurent, J. James, and
D. Webster. Oundle, Northatnptonshire, surgeons.

GRAND BIRMINGHAM DINNER OF THE
,4 POLITICAL UNION,"

In COMMEMORATION of the FRENCH REVOLUTION.

Yesterday the dinner of the Political Union to
commemorate the recent glorious Revolution in
France, took place in Mr. BeardswOrill'a Repository.
Not fewer than 3,700 pirsoni sat down'
to 'dinner
under one roof.. There were six .tables rtioningint-
tullel the whole length, ,besides 14: tables filling the
broad area of the Repository. The preparatory at.
rangements for a dinner of such immense magnitude
were admirable. The party was divided into gets,
a steward being appointed to every 20 individuals,
and these officers distinguished by a neat flag; 'on
the, one, side of which was tastefully coloured the
British Jack,and on the other; the French tri-colour.
The duty of each steward was to carve for the per,
sons under his immediate superintendence, to attend
to their convenience, to assist in keeping order,
and to communicate with the Political. Council, if
required.
The quantity of provisions will afford gime idea
of the amazing extent of- the dinner. Not less than
3,5001b5. of butchers' meat wire placed upon the
table, consisting of rounds and loins of beef, filets
of veal, hams, legs Of pork, legs of mutton, &c.
Each man was allowed a pint of beer to dinner, and
a quart of ale afterwards. , The stewards, 200 in
number, entered the Repository it twelve o'clock,
end immediately took theirtieeta at the table, Soon
afterwards the band took its 'place in the orchestra,
having, in the front, about 50 glee and eherus
ors. The band was dressed in the uniform of the
Union, and occupied a temporary orchestra,.erected
io the southern
,gallery. ,Thomee Attwocidir,Foul•
entered the building about the same time, accompa-
nied by many
.members of the Political Council.
On his appearance he was loudly greeted by the
company assembled. During the time these prepara-
tory arrangements were going for ward within the build-
ing, the proceedings of the populace were not less
'stirring without. Half-,past twelve o'clock was fixed
fOr the admission of all those who. held tickets for
the dinner. Long, however, before this hour ar-
rived, the streets in the neighbourhood were crowded
by an indiscriminate admixture of all classes; and
when the doors were 'thrown °peril the greatest
difficulty was experienced in admitting these only
who held tickets. In spite of every effort, many
entered who possessed no right of attendance, end
in consequence of miscalculation, as to the power
of speakers' voices, and the admission of more than
had a right to be present on the oceasion, con Sid-
e, table confusion took place during the latter part of
the day.
At half-past one Mr. ATTWOoI), as Chairman of
the Union, took the Chair. Trumpets immediately
sounded " allention 1! The Chairman, after briefly
recapitulating the regulations adopted by the Coun-
cil, requested the company to implicitly obey them.
It was highly desirable that all should keep their
seats, and not upon any occasion deviate 'from this
prudent recommendation. The trumpets again
sounded, when the whole assembly being uncovered,
the Chairman asked blessing in the followipg words:
0 0 Lord, we thank thee for the good 'things thou
has set before' us, and we implore thy blessing
upon us atid our rightful cause." Amens lesoutpiled
from every corner, end the whole party sat down
to dinner. Almost as far, as the eye could, without
straining or inconvenience, reach, it rested upon one
orderly organized mass of people. A considerable
number of ladies occupied the upper galleries, and
appeared highly amused and gratified by, the spec-
tacle. At the close of the.ditiner the Chairman,
hitherto, situated in the long gallery, moved by hi-
vitution into the lower of these galleries, where it
was considered he would be much better heard.
The tables being cleared, Non' Nobis Doable
was sung in the most effective style by at least fifty
professional singeri, Tide being concluded,
The. CHAIRMAN thin rose—Gentlemen, in all
public companies in England, in my remembranceil
the first toast has always. been.the King. On. the,
present occasion an. illustrious individual fills the
throne of these realms, who, in my opinion, is more
entitled to this honour than any King silica the day,
of Edward 111.-r--(Cheers.)—The mew King, in
the short, period he has reigned, has given Many in-
-dubitable proofs of his great kindness and sincere
affection towards his people; and I ern convinced
that lie will do' every thing in his power to restore
the liberty, and Inereitie the happiness Of, his Will-
ful subjects.-4Clieers.)-1 beg therefore to give you
.‘ Our Gracious *iiereigri the Fourth, May
Cod prolong Ins reign-for the liberty and happiness of hi.
sieve the ;King.)
God save the 'WI was sung by the erchestra, in
the choruses of which the whole company' joined

. .
with great enthellesm, and produced a most extra•
ordinary effect.
The CITAIRMAN.....I now give you'
" Louis Phillip, King of the Vcench."---(Marevlloi,
Hymn.)
This toot was drunk with unbounded applause..
The CHAIRMAN, in proposing the next wait* said
they were .rimet to celebrate a greet tied glorious
event; an event which' he heligied was unparalleled
in the history of mankind. 'When last he had the
pleasure of meeting the Union' it was on the 26th
of July, i'day which would be. memorable 'in the
history of the world, for it Was on that 'glorious day
that the edicts of 4 tyrant were issued, and that the
French people animated with one spirit, rose like
one man, to vindicate the violated liberties of their
country.—(Cheers.)—On that very day lie bed the
honour of proposing a ;ow,' at a dineer of the Union
at the Royal Hotel, " To the glorious people of
Freuce." Little did he thitih, that et the very hour
he was rendering this act of justice to that noble
people, they were giving at the 'same time Such glo-
rious proofs of the correctness and proprietyof the
toast. It wes,however, pauper that he (Mt. A.)
should state litre, that although it was perfectly
just and right that the French people hied recourse
to physical force, yet nothing could be mom errotle-:.
ous than supposing that the Engli,lt people would,
also be justified in having 'reventse to force. In
France the King violuted the Constitution—issued.
one mandate virtuslly,abblishing the French Heine,
of Commons—und a second pale!, really
the liberty
,of the Press, Force werolierefiye,,eb-
soletely necessary to resist these Wieliki and tyran-
nicht acts. In England the case vies widely,dAt
`rent. The 'ripple of England 14 rights. to mi.
coier and wrongs to
..redgeme 1.)41n0t of 0, miterav
that required force to redress them: .In: Frsuieer,'
!the King's:euthority was brought in* eppAion.
iwith the censtitutional, leWa of the ,)ands The,
King's authority: Was laatently " broken to :piecea.
;oat the spot by, the .thneder of the wrath of the
people. ---(Cheers.)—in Eng antl,„.the tights tied,
liberties of the people- had been twist tial, Oc,their,,
bands by " des eouriesof Oa by,. dile centime,
:they must
,and
,wilt he recovered, (Cheers:)--.,
They had,. perhaps, 'heard it asked, .what have the,
French gained, there is still as mush distrait; in that
'country es ever ? lie wpuld tell them. what the ,
iFretseh people '.hed,,geined—they gained,
fiberty, without which Mute. lice WAS rio hurter than
xe doge, and with which all other good .things
were certain to follow 'in its train.—(Cheers.)—
There
.was greet distress in: France lie lomew,
land also throughout the•whele Contioent. This
he would take the liberty to explain. It: was,
an fact, a tetra question of empty pockets--a
'very natural cause of distress to mill persons who
!bud taxes and debts to pay. In France, for instance,
a few year* ago there existed full ninety millions
sterling of gold and silver money. This was %effi-
cient for their purpoeee; but, unluckily for them,
England laid other countries had lately ma le consi-
derable drains upon 'thern.-'--Etigland bad drawn ,
Aifty millions sterling of gold and silver money ,front
come countries or other, and a great Nit of this
was, doubtless, drawn from Frunce.—Austria hums
made a pretty large pull upon France its the same
way. Rued* had those the same. These countries
were all engaged in the art of ,repluOng their paper
money,,and thus Venue was drained en all hullos,
or, in other words, milched on all sides. • Thu
pockets of the Freudt people were thus emptied.
In addition to this, the lavish decruction of English
capital and industry which had lately been effected,
had so cruelly reduced the price* of English labour,
that English manufeeturee were forced at 144Aprica
upon every market in the world, where French mu-
nufacturee were .furraerly sold. Thus time system
Which Englend, Austria, and Russia, had been
acting upon first deprived the French people of
'their money, anti then of their trude—(Cheers,)—
This was the whole secret of French distress.
the French bad now able men ut the bead of their
affairs; and he (Mr. A.) doubted not but their dis-
tress would quickly pass away; but whether it did,
or did not, they were not the less entitled to the
deepest gratitude of the people of England and of
the whole civilized world—(Cheere.)—They ought
lay recollect that, during the last fourteen yews, a
great stoiggle,hoid been going on throughout Eu-
rope, between the principlexef liberty and the prim•
eiples of slavery. That struggle the French people
had now decidede”--(Cheers.)—Thanke to French
valour, it was now no looter a question which prin-
ciple should prevail in. Europe. A few yew.* ago
a free Constitution was established in Spain ; the
French, on that occasion, were made tools of by
wicked King, and their armies were sent few Spain
for the destruction of Spanish liberty. At the same
time, a Constitution was established in Italy, which
was crushed by the arbitrary and infamous inter•
ference of Austrian armies. Thanks to the French
people, these days were now emoted never to return.
Mad as tyrants generally were, no tyrant could be
found now in Europe, mad enough to overlook the
signs of the times, and play any infernal preeks of
this nature again. In three days the inhebitents of
Paris had burst asunder the shackles which fifteen
, years of fraud, tyranny, and guilt, had been forging
, for the stations of, Europe.--(Mr. Attwood here
complained that be experienced greet difficulty in
making himself heard amidst such an immense Masa
of his hippy and animated fellow-townsmen ; and
was about concluding when there was immediutely
, loud cries of "Go on, go on." He resumed.)--.lt
was thus the battle of Europe which the:French
people had fought. Had it not been for their sue.
, etas, there was too much reason to fear that this
great battle would have been fought upon English
ground.—(Loud cheers.)-.-Every Englishmen was,
therefore, indebted to the French people. The
lavish effusion of French blood had decided the
question between liberty antislavery; and lie trusted
the day was not far distant when the moms ter tyro:ly
would become a mere name, and the fair sou of
liberty would rise upon all nations, for the benefit,
, prosperity, and happiness of all munkind. lie cote,
eluded amidst loud cheers, by proposing—
" Honour, gratitude, and prosperity to the noble people
r of Prance."

Glee and Chorus.--" Oar Charisma Rights."
The CII4IO MAN Said, hating drank a feast " to
the people of France," he begged to remind them
that there was another people on the face of the
earth equally glorious with them. lie meant the
people of Englatid.r-(Chters,),-They must recol.
tact that the tree of liberty was a plata of itritisli
growth. The natione of antiquity knew nothing
of it. In •Greece and Rome, for joutisoog, live men
out of six were lititrAllyilliVitit bought and sold like
cattle and sheep. England wee the first nation to
proclaim all men equal and free. The immortal
Alfred laid the deep foundations of English btwity
a thousand yeas ago. It eras from this gretit unit
and it must be confessed that it was mainly by
the assistance of t e :Aristocracy that we had
been enabled to preserve it until of Into years.
greatly curtailed of late.. ears. -thait glorwus
raft! cross of St.. George, ►vlaich they sew
there floating of petace and hurtnony with this ram
in a hundred battles, certainly tae molt allow tl►ut
this celebrated red cross of Sr. George had It
some portion otits splendour of late years; but hut
t
gain
to tla+e
Adltitttiorobuiorstbeuet
cidrirrtiaol
IQyaer
tlithotelft)aol ltup
edni
otg
and such lgiurn;sorrtn:::viiioo, tlae
tion, seapoatten, ttnterinitiodeeit
ifh oroly hi
tr.,:::::::t4fohasErnianr:
tit titlotiesilitfit:h:
fund's litlerhtye,r—Tnohbelyllsatrooontai otofr tztadt
ivardl for the defence
of
lin to
iltrnhtpitoeiedetewhifini
ettroeutrie4,tmilioertanitit",
belonged
their country. 'Tie immortal
mint
o
Ilu
►va
who drew his >+eruril t, r,ain~t l3ae
tyrant Charles. Much r
uiley .as: wvitl, as to the
port loo,ell to say that h
ill'etiarlyiliteorecol‘ral'erefoli'llavanrydoalfiti"ilial)creuittrit'verliirehytetslP.aai"" altt".hu:

bead of the people, if ever any just and righteous,'
occasion should arise.—(Cheers.)—The Union,:
then, made no attack upon the privileges of the
Arietocrecy, and none upon the just prerogative of
the Kingly office.—(Cheers.)—lt was against an:
odious Oligarchy of 154 individuals, who, unjustly,
deprived both the King, the Aristocracy, and the
people, of their rights, that all the legal efforts of the
Union were directed. It was, therefore, that they had
adopted as the motto of their medals," The Con-
stitution ; nothing less and nothing more." They'
only a.ked for the Constitution under which their
forefathers flourished ; and when they had got that,
it would be time enough to consider whether any
improvements were necessary. Standing upon this
righteous and holy ground, their cause was certain
to triumph in the end. So long as they Claimed
only their Constitutional and undeniable rights, and
avoided all abstract and disputable improvements,
and confined themselves strictly to legal and peace-
ful operations, they were secure ; neither the law-
yer, with his quibbles and his sophistry, no the
soldier, with his sword, could make any impression
upon themo—(Cheers.)—lt was, however, abso-
lutely necessary that the members Of the Union
should keep strictly within the limits of the law,
acrd then, he doubted not, but that they would
shortly be enabled to take up a position where
" the gates of hell could not prevail against them."
.—(Cheers.)—Mr. A. concluded by proposing—
" The people of Englandmay they speedily recover
their lest rights, and he fully and fairly represented in
their own house of Parliament."
G. F. MuNTz, Esq. then' rose to propose the
health of General IA Fayette and the National
Guard of Faris; in doing which he claimed the
Cent attention of the meeting, while he offered
few remarks upon that great and extraordinary man.
Though born to the title of Marquis, at the period
of the first revolution, he renounced that honorary
distinction in order to act in conformity with the
general genius and feeling of the French people.—
(Cheers.) -s—lie had the good word of all classes of
the French community; and although, in principle,
a stout republican, he had, nevertheless (convinced
that, in France, a Constitutional Monarchy was best
suited to its interests), sacrificed his own individual
opinions upon an isolated and ill-understood question
for the general welfare of his fellow-countrymen.
—This was an example for English reformers.—
(Cheers.)—The obstinate and impolitic manlier
in which some reformers maintained abstract no-
lions of their own, in opposition to confessedly
generally received doctrines of necessary reform, re-
minded him (Mr. M.) of an army laying siege to a
fortress, who refused to take the citadel unless they
all 'went in at different windows—(Cheers)—for-
getting that their strength lay in first making u
breach at say one point which was vulnerable—
(Loud cheers)—and then choosing, if they pleased,
at what window they wished to amuse themselves.
—(Cheers.) The great fault of all reformers was,
they were too much wedded to favourite theories, in.
stead of combining upon one common essential point.
—(Cheers.) Mr. Muntz,after paying a well merited
compliment to La Fayette for his connection with
Dr. Franklin and Washington, concluded, amidst the
most vehement cheering, by proposing
" General La Fayette, sad the National Guard of
France ; arid thanks to them for their noble conduct
in the late glorious revolution."
The CHAIRMAN—We are now come to die most

important toast of the day. It must he in the recol-
lection of all that it was the workingelasses of Paris
who first came forward and completed the great
event which they were that day met to celebrate.—
(Cheers.) Those noble fellows came forward spon-
taneously,almost without arms, and instantly wrested
the sceptre from the tyrant's hands.—(Cheers,)—
During three days the whole city of Paris was placed
at their mercy, but hi no single instance that he
(Mr. A.) could learn, was their power abused. No
murder, no revenge, no robbery, no violence, against
the defenceless or the unarmed, tarnished the glory
of these great days. lu the year 1789 the working
glasses also behaved nobly ; but their conduct was
afterwards stained with many crimes, much to be
lirmented, but easily to be accounted for. The work-
ing classes of Paris had now, however, nobly re-
deemed their character. They had reconquered the
liberties of their country, without the commission of
a single crime, and then peacefully delivered those
liberties into the hands of the House of Commons,
in which House he trusted that sacred deposit would
be safe.—(Cheers.) He would give them

" The Working dotes of the city of Paris, who have
nobly recleaned the errors of the first revolution, and given
glorious proof that tyrants can be humbled without the aid
of en aristocracy."
Mr. G.EDsioNne said •he had a toast to submit to
the meeting which he knew would afTord them great
pleasure, and which they would drink with the tit-
most enthusiasm, Piz., " The patriotic Editors of
the public Press of Paris, who first 'resisted the
arbitrary Ordinances of the tyrant Charles X."—
(Cheering.) It was a remarkable fact, that the
whole revolution in France originated with gentle-
men of the Press, who, when the tyrant issued his
triple ordinances, suspending the Press—annulling
the elections, and abridging the privileges of the
electors—nobly proclaimed their determined resist-
ante to those arbitrary edicts. The conductors of
the public Press, particularly in England, had been
charged with a want of principle, and with a ready
subserviency to those in power. He did not believe
those imputations upon the public Press and its
conductors; and when ha saw so many patriotic
Editors, at a period when the power of the tyrant
was unabated—boldly denouncing the ordinances,
and defying all the consequences of Royal venge-
ance, he could not but conclude that they must be
men possessing the most exalted and noble prin.
eiples—(Cries at the extreme end of the room, " We
it was quite impossible
can't hear")--.and, in tact,
that above one-third could hear what fell from the
lips of the speaker, who concluded by stating that
the London Press had mainly aided the cause of
general liberty, and he denied that the conductors
were that servile and corrupt body which they bed
been so illiberally described.—(Cheers.)

Mr. HADLEY said he rose for the purpose of prti
posing a toast which ho felt persuaded they would
drink with the honour which it deserved. Much at;
he admired the toasts which had been given in ho-
nour of the National Guards of Paris, and the work-
in classes of that city, he could not refuse his warmest
admiration of those 'brave French soldiers who re-
fused to imbrue their hands in the blood of the
people. When he considered in what manner a
soldier was educated—.that a blind, implicit, uncon-
ditional submission to the commands of his stye-
riot; wee the very **sauce of his duty--be was al-
most inclined to believe in the general opinion, that
military discipline extracted from the heart of the
soldier all the feelings of the citizen, and almost
every trace of humanity. But what was the trime-
phant fact, as exhibited In the recent • victory at
Paris P.—that many of those brave soldiers, with a
virtuoue indignation which did them immortal ho-
flour, threw down their arms and refused to fire on
the people. They knew that their King, by his ty-
rannical ordinances, had violated the Constitution
which he had sworn, on the altars of his country, to
maintain inviolate, and they felt they were no longer
bound to obey his arbitrary mandates. A more mad
or wicked instance of a King violating a Constitution
was oilier before exhibited to the world, and a just
retribution has attended his tyrannical acts—the loss
Of his throne, and the execration of mankind. Mr.
Hadley then proposed---
Those brave Preach soldiers who refused to imbrue
their hands in the blood of she people."-.-(Loud cheering.)
The following toasts were next proposed, all of
which were most enthusiasticallyapplauded
:•—•
0 May the soldier novo, forgot the duty of the citizen."
" The British Lam -,..ruay he never rise n anger, nor
Ile down In fear."

" The heroic people of Wormle; et,il tney the futt
Gowtrotsteut nifty nitwit their liLrrtyt intteutly
meet the 44 it fleserves.

Our brethren of the Unified States of An-wrier', who,
following the example of their noble aneirotml, 'MVO laid
the solid foundations of the modern liberties of the world."
" Tire moo of liberty ill over the world."
ogr patriotie god public-spirited host► John Beard►.

worth, Esq. Long lift and happiness to Mrs. Beards.
worth anal her family."

Old England ; and may those that ill-use it be *pee&
kicked out of it."

" Three cheers for our fair countrywomen."
JOTIN BEAUDSWORTIIi Esq., next, in a short in-
troductory speech; proposed the health of their
worthy Chairman, Thomas Attwood, Esq.—(The
cheering on the announcement of this tout lasted
for some minutes.)
Mr. Al-moon—Gentlemen, I feel as a man and
an Englishman ought to feel, on having my health
received in this extraordinary manner. Placed by
your favour at the head of this great Association,
my constant study has been to endeavour to direct
it well, I have neglected no possible means which
I have thought calculated to give security, system,
order, and success to your operations.—(Cheers.)—
That my humble labours have given you satisfaction
the honourable badge which I wear (alluding to the
gold medal and chain which Mr. A. wore, presented
to him by the Union, at a former meeting), and your
conduct upon this occasion, are to me, very gratify-
ing proofs.--(Tremendous cheers.)--I have made
many friends, it seems—(Cheers)—perhaps, some
enemies.---(Loud cries of " No, no.")—Certainly,
I have had a good deal to contend with, and have had
occasion for some little nerve. Many of my friends
attempted to alarm me with all manner of terrible
representations. They told me that I should set in
motion a tremendous principle, which no human
power could control—that I should, like a Franken-
skin, create a monster with gigantic strength, en-
dued with life, but not with reason, that would hunt
me about the earth to my own destruction. Look
around now upon this peaceful and magnificent as-
semblage--are we not all met here the friends of the
law ?—(Yes, yes)and of the peace and order of
society ? What possible mischief can arise from
men animated with the same motives that animate
you ?—And, as for me, what possible danger do I
incur ?—(None, none; great cheering). lam like
a father in the midst of a pretty numerous family—
( Laughter and great cheering)---or, like a General
surrounded by his faithful soldiers.—(Cheers.)—
Where is the man among you, who would injure
me P—Where is the man who would not follow me
to death' in a righteous cause ?—(The cheering
was immense on the di livery of this passage, which
lasted for some minutes, accompanied by cries, of
" All, see, Gentlemen, your hearts are
mine, and mine is yours; we will go on in our
peaceful and legal career, and by Goers grace we
will recover the liberties of our country—not by
violence and anarchy, or brute force, but by the
peaceful, organised, and Magnificent display of the
will of the people. When the Barons of Runny-
mede recovered the liberties of England from the
tyrant John, they took up the bow, and the spear,
the battle-axe, and the sword, and they were justi-
fied in so doing. Thank God, we have no occasion
now to take up murderous and destructive weapons
like these, the progress of education and knowledge
have changed the state of things—our weapons are
union, truth, justice, and reason—our sword is
" the sword of the spirit," which " is the will of
the people."—(Cheers.)—And let no one doubt
that this great moral sword is not sufficient for every
just and useful parpose.—(Cheers.)—Look round
again upon this assembly, and I will say, show me
twenty such dinners as this, and I will show you the
governors of England—not the governors by vio-
lence, anarchy,_ or brute force, but by the moral
agency of public opinion, peacefully and legally in-
fluencing the opinions and the conduct of the Go-
vernment.—(Great cheers,)--I am now about pro-
posing the last toast, and I must request that, after
it is drank, you will all retire to your respective
homes. Your good conduct is our strength, and I
beseech you to bear this great truth in mind, upon
this and every other occasion. We will now part
with the concluding toast—
" Peace and good-will to all mankind."

This toast ;HS received with great enthusiasm, in
he midst of which Mr. Attwood, and the rest of
he immense company, retired, the band again play-
ng God save the King."

The following songs were sung in the course of
he evening:—

THE GATHERING OF THE BIRMINGHAM UNION.
Over mountain—over plain,
Echoing wide from sea to sea,
Peals, and shall not peal in vain,
The trumpet call of Liberty—
Britain's guardian spirit cries,
" Britons, awake, awake,
.arise ! ! !"
Chorus of the People—Britain's guardian, &c.
Sleep no more the sleep of shame,
Awake and break Oppression's chain;
Lull'd by Freedom's empty name,
Worse than slaves no more remain ;
Freedom's rights, not Freedom's name,
Learn to know, and dare to claim.
Freedom's rights, &c.
Shall honest labour toil in vain,
While plunder fattens through the land :
Still shall a tyrant's faction reign,
People and king at once command ?
No ! it may nut, shall not be,
For we must, we will be free.
No! it may not, &c.
Will you still sleep, while, one by one,
Each sacred dear bought right is lost;
Rights which your fathers' broadswords won,
Rights which your fathers' life blood cost.
No'! it may not, shall not be, •
For we must, we will be free.
No ! it may not, &c,
See rises from his bed of fame,
Each chief of glorious Runnymede;
With Hampden ! history's noblest name,
They call us to our country's need.
They call—and can we heedless be?
No ! we must, we will be free.
They call, &c.
But not to war and blood they call,
They bid us lift no sword nor gun.
peact,fo, but firm, join one and all,
To claim our rights and they are won.
The British Lion's voice alone,
Shall gain for Britain all her own.
The British, &c.

The whole of the following three Stanzas to form 4 grand

Chorus.

! we Romer I see we come,
Quick at Freedom's holy call,
We come ! we come ! we come ! we come !
To do the glorious work of all,
And hark, we raise frog► sea to sea,
The sacred watchword liberty,
find is our guide, from field, from wave,
From plough, from anvil, and from loom,
We come, our country', right, to save►
And speak a tyrant factions' doom :
And hark ! we raise from sea to sea.
The sacred watchword liberty. •
God is-our guide, no %words we draw,
We kindle not war's battle fire,;
By union, justice, reason,
We claim the birthright of our sires.
Wu raise the watchword liberty,
We will, we will, we will be free.

- SECOND SICJIT.—We extract from the
hulitc Gazette, published at Calcutta on the 3d of March,
the follewing very curious paragraph ;—" Reports are in
town of a very important nature, but we have not been
able to trace them to any certain authority. It is said
that the King of En yland it dewl,and that a revolution
has tuhen place in France. We shall look with anxiety
for further particulars." The littal illness of his late MA.
JISTY was not publicly announced in • London until the
Vith of April ; and when the mail which arrived in
India on the 3d of March left England, it was not even
whispered that his health was affected. The news of the
revolution in France cannot reach Calcutta Inc two or

three months to come. We eau eanilS, imagine the Bur-
priite of the Calcutta editor to find the rumour, which
leached him ho long ago, so surprisingly confirmed in both
particulars. Casmat.t. speaks of com►ng events coking
their shadows beibre thein ; but a shadow of four or five
months is an extraordinary one; to be sure, it had to travel
from Paris to Bengal. What will Sir W....vratt SCOTT
hay to the Calcutta► rumour? Wilt he lapse into his old

FRENCH PAPERS.

THE FRENCH NATIONAL GUARD.
SECTION I.

" Art. 1. The moveable National Guard is the auzi
liary of the army for the defence of the territory,—the
aiard of the frontiers, to repel invasion and maintain public
order in the interior.

" 2. The moveable National Guard is composed of citi.
zens taken from the stationary National Guard, and distri.
tinted into organized bodies conformably with the presen,
law.

" 3. The putting into activity of the moveable Na-
tional Guard cannot take place but by virtue of a law ; or
during the non sitting of the Chambers, by Royal ordi-
nance, which shall be converted into law at the next
Session.

" 4. AU Frenchmen, from 20 to 30 years (included)
of age, inscribed and matriculated on the register of the
stationary National Guard, whatever may be their rank
in the said GUard, will be subject to be called upon to
form part of the moveable National Guard.
" 5. The National Guards will be arranged in the fol-
lowing order :—The youngest, the bachelors, the widowers
without children, the married without children, the mar-
ried with children, the widowers with children. Oc
" The number of children, the necessity for the Na-
tional Guards to remain at the head of any great agricul-
tural or mechanical work, will be appreciated, ar hereafter
explained.

" 6. The arrantement of the National Guards called
into service will be made by the Council of Verification ;
tend in ease of complaint, shall be decided by the Jury,of
Equity.
" 7. The fitness' fur service shall be judged of by a
council of revision, to meet in the place where the batta-
lion is to be formed.
" This Council will be formed of seven members, Pre-
sident, the Prefect, or, in default of him, the Counsellor
of Prefecture, selected by him.
" Three members of, the Council of Verification, selected
by the Prefect.

" The chief of battalion, and two captains of the said
battalion, nominated by the General commanding the mi-
litary subdivision, or the department.

" SECTION 2,.-EXEMPTIONS AND SUBSTITUTIONS.

"8. The following are exempt from the service of the
National Guard :

" I. All those who are not of the height of one metre
and fiftyseven centimetres.
" 11. Those whom manifest infirmities render unfit for
service.

" The recruiting council, and in case of dispute, the
Jury of Equity, will pronounce upon. these exemptions,
and upon all those which may be demanded for any cause
whatever.

" 9. The National Guard who have obtained substitutes
in the army will not be excused from the service of the
moveable National Guard.

" 10. Substitutions in the moveable National Guard
will not be allowed, except for reasons submitted to the
judgment of the Council of Verification; and, in case of
dispute, to that of the Jury of Equity.
" The substitute must be approved of by the Council of
Verification, and by the Council of Revision.
" The party procuring a substitute will be bound to
clothe, to arm, and equip the substituteat his own expence.
" 11. The substitutes will be taken from among men
of 20 to SO years of age, and even from those of 35 to 40,
if they have been soldiers.

' 12. If the substitute, of less than SO years of age,
shull he called upon to serve on his own account in the
moveable National Guard, the person having obtained the
substitute will be bound to furnish another or to serve
himself.

" IS. The substitute can only he taken from the arron-
dissement in which the party who obtained the substitute
is domiciled.

14. The party obtaining a substitute will be respon
sible for bim in ease of desei don.

SECTION 3.-.-FORHATION OF THE
" 15. The moveable National Guard will be arranged
by battalions; the Government may unite them into a
legion.

" 16. The corporals, subalterns, and sub-lieutenants,
will be elected by the National Guards : the other officers
will be in the nomination of the King.
" 17. All the officers in the nomination of the King
may be taken, without distinction, from the National
Guard, the army, and retired soldiers.
" 18. Companies of Grenadiers and Voltigeurs may be
formed when the King shall think proper.
" 19. There shall be a flag to every battalion of 600 men.
" The flag shall bear the name of the department which
has furnished the battalion.
SECTION 4.—or DISCIPLINE.

" 20. When the corps of the moveable National Guard
are organized, they will be subject to military discipline.

"21. Nevertheless, whenever the National i 3 wadi refuse

to obey command, or leave their corps without authority,
they shall not be punished but by imprisonment, which
imprisonment shall not exceed five years.

sterlort s.—or Tilt AIMINISTRATION.

" The moveable National Guard is assimilated, in
point of pay and rations, to the troop of the line.
" A Royal ordinance will determine the groom amount
and tl►e accessories of the pay.
" The officers, subalterns, and soldiers, enjoying a retir-
ing pension, will be enabled temporarily to increase it by
their pay for active service, which they will receive on ac-
count of the rank they have obtained in the moveable Na-
tional Guard.

" 28. The uniform and distinguishing marks of the
moveable National Guard are the same as those of the sta-
tionary National Guard.

" The Government will furnish arms and equipments to
such of the National Guards as shall not be provided with
them, or have not the means to equip and arm themselves
at their own expense.

" 24. The moveable National Guards will have the same
right as the troops of the line, to the military honours and
rewards.

" 25. Royal ordinances will determine the organization
Of the battalions and companies, the number and rank Of
the officers, and the composition and installation of the
council of administration.

" Paris, Oct. 9. (Signed) " LOUIS PIIILLIPPE."
The Minister of the Interior bad scarcely de-
scended from the tribune, when General Mathieu
Dumas claimed to be heard :

" Gentlemen," sttitidte lion. Member, " the law
constitutive of the National Guard has been expected
by you with the liveliest impatience. The state-
ment of the motives and the project of law, which
you have just heard, leave no doubt in your minds
respecting the importance end need of that code,
without which this great raising up of all the virile
portion of the nation could not be regulated, end
wisely directed towards the two-fold purpose of the
confirmation of public order and the defence of the
country. Every one of us, Gentlemen, immedi-
ately informed of the patriotic efforts of his consti-
tuents, can bear testimony to them. For these mo-
tives of urgency, I have the honour to propose to
the Chamber to nominate immediately a commission
of 18 Members directed to examine the two pro-
jects of law presented by the GovernMent. I think
that the commission should be extended to that
number, in order that its labours may not be inter-
rupted by the absence of some of the Members
called away to the electoral colleges, and that as
soon as the Chamber is completed it may be ready
to make its report.
" Gentlemen, never was a more serious subject
submitted to your consideration. It is nothing less
than the whole of France standing up armed, or de-
manding arms. By a wonderful concord, the French
people, after having regained their liberties, bold
themselves ready to defend them, bath within and
without, in the same, spirit of union, of confidence
in themselves alai in the Government which they
have chosen. They manifest a most decided wish
to see the laws prevail. They pray you, they urge
you to give them that which must be the surest gua-
rantee of their faithful execution, Of all the prodi-
gies produced by love of liberty, the greatest, with-
out doubt, is the spontaneous formation of more than
a million of National Guards. And this is not a
tumultuous movement; but rather a regular organi-
zation, carried back almost everywhere, to the first
bases of this great institution.

" Gentlemen, good laws strike their roots so
deeply into the French soil, that the commotions
which subvert empire% could not remove them.
" The law constitutive of the National Guard of
1791 has been entirely regarded, followed, and pro-
visionally executed, and the vivifying principle of the
free election has been entirely adopted on the ap-
pearance of the tricoloured flag,
at About 2,500 battalions are organized on these
principles. The elments of in' approximative eaten-
lation, which give me confidence to present these

results, are the returns already furnished by the
Commanders of the National Guards, for more than

400 cantons, taken in different circles, and forming a
seventh of the 2,800 cantons into Which the terri-
tory of France is subdivided.
" The effective force of these 2,500 battalions

amounts to not less than 1,300,000 or 1,400,000
men, and as their organization proceeds in the rural
communes with more or less of local difficulty, we
may presume that on receiving their full complement
of men on the returns, it will reach the figures which
we have stated.

" In this number of 1,300,000 inscribed Na-
tional Guards, we have ascertained th►►t 500,000
are armed, and about 320,000 are dressed and
equipped. The Minister of War, in concert with
the Minister of the Interior and the Commander•in-
Chief, have taken measures to complete and increase
by degrees the general equipment of the National
Guards of the kingdom. Every battalion has some
companies d'elite. One hundred companies of ar-
tillery are already formed, armed, dressed, equipped.
Some have already received, and others expect with
impatience, the materiel which the Minister of War
is anxious to place at their disposal. 1,700 sappers
and miners, equally well dressed, armed, and
equipped, represent our force
.of engineers ; more
than 400 companies of cavalry are mounted, equip-
ped, and in the finest order.
" In every quarter is displayed the same spirit of
independence and of submission to the law, the
same emulation to receive and benefit by instruc-
tion. In every quarter is this free election of about
50,000 officers the command has been offered to the
ancient military officers or a üb-officers, who themselves
sought that honour as a new recompense for their
services in war. To what other chief, gentlemen,
could the King in his wisdom confide this immense
stationary army, and the care of organizing its
va-
rious fractions, than to our honourable colleague
General Lafayette ? He who has consecrated his
entire life to the worship and defence of liberty was
assuredly the person most worthy of fulfilling that
.extraordinary commission.
" In a word, gentlemen, it is from this mass of
citizen soldiers, exercising and improving every day
in the use of the different weapons which they
mield, that the moveable National Guard will b•
taken,—a powerful and valuable assistant to our
'grand army of the line, eager to rival the glory of
their b►ethren, who have sprung from the same
bosom with themselves, mid proud to march to-
gether• under the command of a Citizen King, who
made his first essay in arms with their sires, and
under that same colour which has just raised liberty
from its prostrate condition, and which is now the
best protection of the Crown."
(From Le Temps.)
