was fully aware that the question was surrounded with eiffi
etiltirs, but he thought the .y coutl do n
Mr, G. THoNtessti gad zeceived a communication a few
days before he left S.:otland from the Secretary of the Free
Produce Association of Philadelphia ; they had already
possessed themselves of free•grown produce and were
offering a premium for it. They were also willing to
take, from this country manufactured goods, provided it could
be clearly shown to them that they were manufactured from
free-grown produce. There was great intere4 exclted in the
United States on this subject, and he thought it would
strengthen their hands very much if the resolution, instead of
being passed in its present shape was modified.--( Cheers. )
Bottt.risEE of Birmingham, considered the resolution to
be very well drawn up, and hoped it would be adopted.
The Rev. Mr. SCALES was convinced of the difficulties
that surrounded the present question, but he thought all must
admit that great advantage was to be derived from the encou-
ragement. of free labour.
The CHAIRMAN thought without the present resolution
the public mind would be left asleep on this subject.
Mr. W. DAWE, of Ohio, was satisfied that the American
slaVe owner would never give up his slaves until he saw the
greatest willingness in the party who called upon him to do
so, to give up es en himself and any comforts he might derive
from it, to the cause of the abolition of slavery. He thought
they would act v.. ry inconsistently, if, when they asked the mi-
nisters of Ameri,a to avoid assisting the slave trade, they did
not practice what they preached.
Mr. PRICE would concur with Captain Stewart, in
nromoting the adoption of the resolution, if he could
be persuaded that the members of the Convention
were themselves consistent, and would carry out in prac-
tice that. which they recommended. The reso ution could not be
brought forward by a more consistent man than Capt. Stuart,
and believing in that consistency he look it for granted that lie
was not clothed in cotton, the produce of slave la'6our, and
that when he had his coffee, he took care that it was not
sweetened with sugar, the produce of slave labour. He thought
if they were' consistent, they might, with great propriety. send
forth the present. recommendation, but, if they did not act us, the
attempt would only lecod upon th,m,elves. He cid n t regret
the conversation Ilya had taken place. but he thought the
wisest course would be to withdraw the proposition fur the
present.

Mr. CA IlLISLE—After a:I that he had heard against the
resolution, was in favour of their own principles. Aft,r having
studied some years ago the duty of abstaining from slave pro-
duce, he tht.ught he was acting with p:•rfect consistency if he
voted for the resolution. Of course. his personal consistency
afterwards was a matter for which he held himself responsible to
God. •

Mr. ALLEN thought the words " as far as practicable,"
should he added to the resolution.
Mr. Mooar., of Dublin, moved as an amendment to the re-
solution the addition of the following words—" that this meet-
ing adopts and earnestly recommends." He thought they could
not act consistently without they added those words.
Mr. BA REIT of Salisbury thought the question ought not to
be disposed of hastily. He would suggest whether, upon the
whole, it would not be better to defer the passing of the pre-
sent resolution until the Committee should have brought beforo
the Convention the different produce of slave labour and free
labour, so that they might be in possession of the knowledge
of that which they could fairly abstain from.
The CHAIRMAN said, the Committee to which:reference
had been made would not be able to report during the present
session of the amount.

Mr. BRAbeoem, from America, would be glad if the Com-
mittee to which this matter was submitted should be able to
throw over this imperfect subject some new light, for he was
very much afraid there was but very little clearness on the
subject. He had known many who had abstained from using
the produce of slave labour. This gave him great pleasure, as he
considered it a noble testimony against the monstrous crime of
slavery, yet he was afraid there was little consistency in his
friends on the subject. He thought the present resolution was
extremely indefinite ; one man would form one opinion as to
w!lat was objectionable, and another a very different one : he
hal known men who had flattered themselves that they
were acting upon this principle, when they abstained from
using cotton and sugar, and :set allowed themselves to
purchase of articles of merchandise from those who encouraged
slave labour. It the principle contained in the resolution was
to be acted upon, the consequence would be, that it would
starve more th,in half the inhabitants of the island.--( Hear,
hear.) And was any person prepared to say that those indivi-
duals ought to give up their lives for the cause they were met
to advocate. He considered the whole matter beset with diffi-
culty. If they were to cultivate their own cotton in the East
and West Indies, they would accomplish more towards the ex-
tinction of slavery, than if they were to go on, as they were
now doing, for fi:ty yews to come.
The Rev. Mr. COLVER objected most seriously to the reso-
lution, on the ground of expediency. It did not touch the
point in dispute. If they were anxious to do anything, let
them do that which would meet the case. Wherever and when-
ever he could see that abstinence would do the work, he would
abstain, but when he was placed in circumstances in which it
would be wrong to do so, he should refrain from it, and not
Mind the consequences. He was sure that there was no rule in
the resolution now under consideration.
Mr. BAcKnousx thought the resolution, if passed, would
be a dead letter; and it would be almost. impossible to carry it
Out. He thought they would weaken what they had already
done, if they went too minutely into these things.
Mr. NV. D. CREWDSON was convinced that they would only
weaken their case by adopting the resolution, whir h, as it ap-
peared to him, spreid over too wide a field. He would, there-
fore, be very glad that the mover and seconder of it should con-
sent to its withdraWal.--,(Hear. hear.)
Mr. F. RA tocEll, diit not wish to recommend anything to the
Convent on which they would not be ready to adopt. The ques-
tion was certainly one which deserved their grave consideration.
Mr. Q. Si ACE Would presion the mover of the amendment
the propriety of Withdrawing it. The Convention was not then
prepared to adopt so important a prepositLin with the unanimity
which should be desired.--( Hear, hear. )
.The Rev. J. Ican4:4Enir wished to stigkest anew proposition,
which he bought would meet all the difficulties of the case. He
siou:1(1
'‘`. That in order fo facilitate the ute_of free labour produce.
this Convention,i'equests. the Comniittee of the Eritish and Fo-.
reigii,Anti,daverr_Socieq to instittit.a careful inquiry into it,
rprOdlina and au to peep-aid "and circulate in cola
t4t-a a list as-they of thrise Cornmodities wh .eh are
thus produc!'d, furry hing at the same time a statement of simi-
lar articles which are obtained by free labour "
The Rev. J. fhltrIELP seconded the amendment.

Captain ,:TtiaitT was opposed to all amendments, approving,
as he did, of the original resolution. He would leave that reso-
lution in their hands and abide by their decision.
Mr. CII.6vDSON was perSuaded that the adoption of the ori-
ginal resolntion woul I be attended with great inconvenience.
It wou'd involve a degree of distress on many irfnabitants of the
Island which no one present could conceive.
Colonel MILLEit supported the original resolution. The
Bible was on their table, and the Bible told them not to be
partakers in other men's sins.
The amendment of the Rev. Mr. Kennedy was then put
and carried almost unanimously.
