KING'S THEATRE CONCERT ROOM.

Messrs. DRESSLER and FELLER took their benefit coo
cert on Wednesday last in the above room. The concer
was exceedingly well attended—the company principally
composed of ladies, and the morning's entertainmetc
highly gratifying on the who'e. DRESSLER'S exectitini
on the flute was pleasing in the highest degree ; and th,
lovers of the guitar had a rich treat in the performance 0
PELZER, who is certainly a masterhand at that instrument
and whose efforts to afford amusement were ampl:
responded to by the plaudits which his successful exertion.
drew forth. In singing, Miss BELLCRAMBERS excelled ;
Miss LYON showed that she ought to confine hers,-11 t 0
ballads ; Miss WILLIAMS has only to acquire a lit le 'nor.
self-confidence; FLAGMAN is a promising. bass; ARIGOTT;
was certainly not enchanting, but Wasotes voice was
clear and flexible and his judgment sound. A clarione
duet, by WILMA); and DRESSLER. was rapturously ap-
plauded. A duett, by Nloxt and WEIPPERT on the violin
and piano-forte, also went off with great eclat, and POWEL
performed excellently on the violoncello. We understand
there was an unusual number of performers on the flute
and guitar present,f,who all seemed to he greatly delighted.

THE SOLDIER'S PETITION.

MEETING FOR THE COUNTY OF TIM

ISLE OF WIGHT.

Newport, Thursday, May 17.

One of the greatest meetings ever known in this is and
vas held here to-day. Although the proce,dincs were ii
t measure thwarted by the very unpropitious state of th,
rather, the spirit and zeal which have ever characterise d
he Reformers of the Isle of Wight, brought together a,
immense assem' lage from all parts of the island, numbers
4 whom arrived in vehicles which they purposely hire'
For the occasion. A little bet', re four o'clock the doors

if the buildi❑g were thrown open to the public, whio
was soon crowded to an overflow. Sir Richard Simeon.
William Hutt, Esq., Charles Worsley, Esq., 041ander,
Esq., and several other gentlemen shortly afterward,
rrived and ascend.,d the platform, (which had been
erected in an almost incredible sh,,rt time,) and wer,
,zreeted with the most flattering manifestations of wel-
come and satisfaction by the assernbled multitude. The
business was on the point of being proceeded in when the
people or rather part of them, from Cowes, entered the
already crowded building, proceeded by three very beauti-
ful silk banners, upon the largest of which was inscribed,
"We are a patient but determined people." Numerous
other fligs were also unfurled, bearing appropriate in-
se; iptions, such as " Reform," " We must and will be
free," &c &c. .

Mr. PitING commenced the proceedings by proposing
that Charles Day, Efq. the old and tried friend of Reform,
do take the Chair.

C. DAY, Esq. having taken the Chair, said—They
were assembled to send an Address to his Majesty, and ex-
press to the crown either their approbation or disapproba-
tion of those proceedings which had lately engrossed their
deepest attention, and caused a general excitement from
one end of the country to the other. He saw around him
eentlemen of rank and influence, gentlemen is the ma-
gistracy, men of all orders and conditions of society, awl
tie felt his task rendered easy, by knowing them to be
unit -4 in opinion, and with Erre great and legitimate ob-
ject in view.—(Loud cheers )
Sir RICHARD SIME,IN said—They were met under
circumstances of joy and congratulation, it might have
been under those of fear, grief, and disappointment, Out
in either case they would have found him at his post.
They had been told that under any Government they
should have a Reform ; but what sort of Reform could
they expect from a Government of which the Duke of
Wellington was at the heal?—(Groans.) If he was con-
sistent they could have no adequate Reform, and if he gave
us that measure, in favour of which the voice of the coun-
try was raised, what became of his consistency? Or
what were they to expect from a Tory Administration, or
the men who signed the celebrated protest of the Duke of
W.llMe ton. —(Continued disapprobation, and cries of no
Reform at all.) But, thank God, his Dukeship had re-
ceived the order to right about face—(A voice in the
crowd—" and to quick march")—yes, and to double
quick ton—(Laughter and cheers)—and he rejoiced that
they had now once more at the helm of the State those
honest and patriotic men who offered to the country that
Reform Bill, the basis of which is disfranchisement.—
In looking into that Bill, he found it commencing, as
his common sense told him it ought, with a plain strait-
forward declaration, that whereas certain boroughs were
in such a reduced state of population and of wealth, as to
have become insignificant and valueless, and to have
fallen under the domination of individuals, that therefore
they should cease to return Members to Parliament.—
Here was a plain truth met in a practical manner, and no
measure ever could or ought to be final which did not send
to their political tomb all the Gattons and Old &rums of
the country. It was upon this principle that Ministers
had reasoned and acted.—But what did the Lords do?
Why, they attempted to invert the order of the alphabet,
and instead of beginning with A, B, they pass these over
and begin with C. But they knew their alphabet as well
as their Lordships, and he could' not believe, after such an
insidious aim at the most viral principle of the Bill, that
their Lordships would ever introduce a Reform Bill, that
would have proved either satisfactory in principle, or final
in operatton. He was sure none would satisfy the country
unless based upon disfranchisement, or which did not em.
brace both schedules A and B. And though last, not least
of importance—the ten-pound qualification.—(Long and
continued cheering.) The worthy Baronet concluded by
reading letters from the Hon. C. A. Pelham, Sir William
Oglander, Bart., and Hastings Elwin, Esq., warmly ex-
pressing their interest in the accomplishment of the great
object of the meeting.
WM. HUTT, Esq. in seconding the first resolution, said
he thought that many of the best friends of Reform had
been lulled into fancied security and repose ; but for his
part he had never participated in such opinions, he could
never believe that a grasping and overweening faction
would resign without a desperate struggle for the mainte-
nance of their usurped possessions.—(Here considerable
tumult arose from persons in the rear.) He continued by
saying, that the party who had aimed at the overthrow of
the Ministry, were too mercenary and too little acquainted
with public opinion to concede the good things they had so
long enjoyed without a desperate struggle ; he was confi-
dent of a conflict or some base intrigue to undermine what
they dared not manfully to contend with ; the conflict bad
taken place, and the result had been what a paltry, de-
spised, and factious opposition to the wishes and just de-
mands of a determined people ought and ever would be—
they had now not only been defeated and subdued, but he
verily believed completely annihilated.—(Loud cheers.)
We should now no longer be insulted with a Government
that promoted the cause of slavery of the black and white
throughout the world, a Government which by enormous
expenditure bowed down the spirit and energies of a noble
sovereign and enterprising people.—(Loud cheers.) He
now looked forward for a better order of things—an Ad-
ministration equally jealous of the character and honour of
their country—and a good Government to be enjoyed not
only in name but in substance. It was his confident opinion
that before this day mooth S.r Ro'rert_
.tyc9,lA.da
vocate_sech,e,duuletti‘at theluke 'of Wellington on, c
desig-
nated public meetings a farce ; but he believed that the
Duke had changed that opinion as well as many others.
—(Cheers.) He would allude to a fact which he had
from undoubted authority, although he must refrain from
giving up names. On Tuesday last a deputation from the
Bank of England waited upon the Duke of Wellington,
and stated to him that there was so strong a determina-
tion and combination among the people, that they were
assailed from all quarters for gold, and that they could not
but dread the consequences ; that the demands were not
confined to individuals, but that notices to the amount of
one million of money had been already given, and fresh
ones were hourly coming in from the Savings-banks. It
was true that the Bank of England had been provided
during this emergency in an unusual manner; but it
eight or ten millions of money which was invested in
Savings-banks was drawn out, the moat fearful conse-
quences must follow. This was a proof of re-action not
very musical to his Duke ship's ears. Other intelligence
also reached him calculated to shake his nerves. A depu-
tation of Tories from Birmingham waited upon the Duke
to inform him that Mr. Attwood, at the head of a Poli-
tical Uoion consisting of upwards of 100,000 in number,
were only waiting for his Administration being formed,
when they bad resolved to temporise, expostulate, and pe-
tition no longer, but fortify every house and street; to
throw out the banner of insurrection—(A long and spon-
taneous burst of approbation)—and call upon all England
to send in their allegiance.—(Loud cheering, which com-
pelled the speaker to stop some minutes.)—He entreated
them not to applaud such proceedings; they were very
alarming to every true friend of his country ; it was the
last resource, and assuredly the worst.
Considerable interruption here ensued from the very
crowded state of the building, and from the loud cries of
adjourn to the Corn Market, and from a general move-
ment towards the door of the building ; also on account
of the very insecure state of the platform, which had given
one or two very unequivocal proofs of those who were
crowded on it of the tender footing they held. In the
midst of the tumult, the Chairman rose, and stated to the
meeting, that the crowded state of the platform made it
unsafe, be should therefore adjourn the meeting to the
Corn Market, to which place accordingly, they immesli-
ately repaired, where the speakers addressed them from
the balcony of the Newport Arms Inn. Silence having
been obtained, Air. Hutt continued. He contrasted the
noble, high-minded, and independent conduct of Earl Grey,
with that of the Duite of Wellington—a man who gave a
dignity to his office, and order, by his superior virtue an
talents. As an individual, he (Mr. Hutt) had watched
every progressive step which the long protracted Bill bad
taken, and he verily believed, Earl Grey and his Ministry,
had fulfilled all the obligation, they owed to their country
and to their consciences, and had been true to themselves
and to the cause to which they have been pledged. Earl
Grey had won for himself a-civic crown of honour and re-
nown, and his name would hereafter be enrolled with that
of Pitt, Sydney, and Hampden, of glorious memory. He
concluded by assuring them, that when he left London on
the preceding evening, he had been informed on the beet
autioaraittyjo,th__(L
that Lord Gehreeeyrsw.
cheers.)
d be re-seated in his office,
the Bill again put into his bands, and he doubted not but
all matters would be brought to a speedy and happy con-
suinMr- ABRAHAM CLARKE said it fell to his lot to move
an humble address which was proposed to be carried to
the foot of the Throne. He was convinced the Tories
were gone—gone for ever. He thanked God that their
