Crimes and a fortunate c6njunetion of evants, than Bova; and the Spanish-Army advanced. Intelligence
by any wonderful powers of mind, hoWever hemay.
4.had.,arsiqd that DUPONT had PROPOSED TO
be admired by the ignorant and the vulgar, who al- C4PIT:C;L4TE, if allowed to pass :into France un-
.ways doilsider success as the certain pioof of ability..
~:ololested;); ,but nothing short of unconditional sly
The account which General SPENCER gives of thEt.!
appearance of Portugal promises a speedy deliver-
ance ~f'that country from.its oppressors, and when
the world comes to hear of the insolence, the tyran-
ny, and the wanton barbarity with which JuN.OT 'has
exercised his power in that Country, it will appear,
wonderful that the desperation of the people had not
burst upon the heads of their oppressors before.
The intelligence from Lord COLLINGWOOD is not
less important and encouraging on the part of Spait?..
The ,Spanish General CASTANGS, according to .alf
accounts, is a man perfealy fit for the crisis in
which his talents are called forth. DUPONT not only"
fears the strength and spirit of the. Spaniards.. but
the prudence and abilities of their Leader, and.
therefore. proposed to capitulate on condition that

readeF ixould be accepted.
DuroNT had retired to Andugar. CASTANOS'S

Outposts were at Aldea de Rio, within two Miles of
the Enemy's rear. The whole regular force under
CASTANOS, amounted to 2t,000 Infantry, 2,500
Cavalry, and a formidable train of Artillery."

Several Persons; from Holland, arrived in town
,thip day, who landed yesterday ; but such is the
state
_of fearful resignation that prevails, in that
country, that the/ bring no information of an inte-
resting nature:

his troops' should be permitted to return, without
molestation, into France. CASTANOS disdained such
a degrading compromise, and 'declared that nothing
btit an unconditional surrender would satisfy himself,
or the' brave people whom he had, the honour of
'commanding. It further appears that DUPONT had
sent his advanced Corps towards Cordova, and had
the mortification a finding that he could place no
dependence on the allied Troops in the service -a
France, as they were taking every opportunity of
deserting, particularly the Swiss ; but what had con-
tributed to embarrass DUPONT still more, had,beem../
the interception of the supplies intended for his Army...
One hundred and twenty-five waggons, with.fxrpvi-
sions and ammunition, wore, captured on their-may,-
near Mazananes, and the escort, consisting of eight''
hundred men, were entirely defeated, two hundred
having fallen viditns to the deterglined spirit of the
Spaniards, and the remaining six' hundred been.

. . .
Dispatches from the American Government to
Mr. PINCKNEY have just arrived in the Ameri-
can Ship St. Michael,: which left' L'Orient on

the 7th inst. and has reached Falmouth. By the
accounts of the Captain of this Vessel, which, how-
ever, are cautiously delivered, it appears that the.'

public sentiment in France is obviously against their
tyrannical Ruler, and will, perhaps, be more open-

ly expressed every day, particularly as French troops,
were hUrried on towards Spain, to effea, if possible,
the subjugation of that Country.

On Sunday evening their MAJESTIES, accorn-
panied by the PRINCESSES, Lords and Ladies MAC-
WALSINGHAM, and Lady SOMERVILLE,
Lord and Lady RIVERS, and Ladies ELY and
-THYNNE, walked on the Terrace, which was much
[ crowded with genteel company.
Yesterday morning his MAJESTY did not ride;
but Princesses AUGUSTA, SOPHIA,
.and AMELIA, at-
'tended by Lords RIVERS and SOMERVILLE, Generals
MANNINGHAM and CARTWRIGHT, Count MUNSTER,
Col. TAYLOR, and Lady .ELY, took their usual rides
in the Great Park, and returned at twelve.
The SHERIFFS Of LONDON waited on /iris MAJESTY,'
to know when he. would be pleased to receive the
C:ty Address, and it was understood that to-mortovf
was appointed for that purpose.

taken prisoners.
Another fact of the utmost importance had taken
place, according to advices received'by the Supreme,"
Council df Seville,. viz. that Generiil CLIESTA anp-
.
ther of the Spanish Chiels on whom ins countrymen
confidently relied, had taken a very strong position.
in Castile—that he had also occupied the Passes; ac
Guadumma, and another defileot great importanee;
and had entirely cut off the'retreat of MIIItiT from
Madrid to Bayonne. To General CVESTA the naim
litary force of Peon and.Galicia is entrusted, and he
has at least 20,000 aie4 witu hiin in the posts:_which
he occupied When those tidings reached the Supreme
Council of, Seville. But the face of.atfaii-s, even in
Vrance, as well as in most parts of the Cputinent,
begin to portend events which -may well make the
Corsican Upstart tremble. His.condua towards P 01.,•
tugal,, after all the sacrifices which he had exacted
from the former Gov erntnent, which had even hazard-
ed a rupture with this Country to please him,but which
tempolising poky on the part of that Government
Great Britain had viewed rather with compassion.
than resentment-tliis conduct we and has actually
produced murmurs of disgust, even in france;against-
the ingra(itude, injustice, and insatiable aulhinc.3!l og
the Tyrant. This sentiment has been much
mented since they haVe beheld his attempts t 9 bring
Spain into abject slavery, chiefly for the purpme 9f
elevating his own low-both family. In short, the
tide seems to be turning against the great Disttirber
of the peace of the world, and the most cautious Po-
liticians, who understand htttpan- nature, and who
wish well to its chief interests,now begin to give way Th.
those sanguine hopes which animate people in gene-
ral, and are inclined to predict. the fall of a-Tyrant
whose existeciee has been marked by nothinebut a
disposition to aggrandize himself at the . expence of
all mankind. s.

:The Spanish Noblemen. lately arrived in this
country, yesterday dined-with Mr. Secretary CAN"
N1NG.,,,; together with the Cabinet Ministers.
A corps has been formed at Cadiz amongst the
qtezfp-bos most accustomed to hull-fighting, from
whose dexterity in the use of the spear much benefit
•
is eipe6ted to result. -

As the following OtEcr.al Bulletins, from Lord
CASTOREAGH'g Of ice, did not appear' iti the whole
of our impression yesterday, in justice to our Readers
we think it our duly to insert them this day :

-" Downing-street, July is, 1808.

ft Letters have beep received at this Office from
Major-General SPENCER, oft "iyamwte, dated the
25th and 2th .of June. The Major-General was
on his return to Cadiz from off the Southern Coast
of Portugal, where he left the Portuguese Flag
fly-
ing along the whole extent of Coast of, the proviwe
of Algarve, on all the forts and liatteries.

• .
f` The Spanish Frontier on the side of Ayamonte
had remained perfectly secure since the, British
Force bad approached that Coast ; and the, detach-
meats of the Enemy's Force, which, on General
SPENCERS arrival, had retired to Villa Real, and
Castro Marin, have since surrendered themselves,
with the above-mentioned places., to the Portuguese
Troops." •

I (1: Downing-street, July 18, 1808.,'
ri•
``, Advices from Lord Co;4lN.civvooti, of t*26tliz'
June, state, that. accounts had been received that
General PupNl' was • in great distress, slrrcim/ckdk
on all bides tr and disappointed of the reinfOreeni-ei'il
,
1 he expecie4. p..,11
!" Pn th IGtla by retired si4 ;cailtleS bend PCIP,

.<; "

,
The Bitlern Sloop of War, which arrived on MO'
day the loh inst. at Plymouth, had, as her Com-
mander On her voy:tr, the gallant THUMA.SUsHEAt
well known to have been the terror of the Spanish
Gun-boats and Forts, whilst be commanded the
Redwing Sloop of War, on herstation at Gibraltar
and ditferent portS in 'the Mediterranean. We 31e
happy.t.O announce that the I..,i,rds of the A.,,timirP7
have promoted him to the rank of Yost Captain for
his bravery, and that a Commission, appointing hit°
to the command of that very fine Frigate the Pique'
was transmitted to hint at Gibraltar. Such is and
alWays should be the reward of bravery and merit. ,
We 'have been favoured with the following/Ex-
tra& of a Letter from Oporto. It contains a more
circumstantial account.cf the last successful effort to
re-establish the old Government, than any which
has yet appeared :
" OrvaTo, JUNE 19.7.-A few hours after rtlY
last, 'the inhabitants of this city rose, 'with exclama-
tion& of Long live the Prince Regent, Emperor Of
IBRAZIL,' and assembled ttimultuausly at the Bar'
racks of the Second Regiment, and from thence
proceeded with a corps of artillery and some field'
pieces ; the Portuguese flying, in all the street-s to
join the guard, and thence went to open the magi''
zines, where the arms and ammunition were depo'
'sited. They began to ring tl , bells, and Sound the
alarm. This lasted from sip: o'clock in the evening
until day-break. All , the
.night was passed in to'
mult. Their number at least consisted of 20,000,
colleded from the town and suburbs, to wait the are
rivdl, of Sou French wba were said to be advancing;
but now, at eleven o'clock, rio certain information
respeaing them has 'been received. It* is po.sible
they were apprised of the disposition of the
in consequence of the non-arrival of the
Sdpplies of bread, which were sent to them by 00'
VEIRA, the Governor, and which. were intercepted.
The 'people assembled in the Bisso to elect another
Governor, until the COM.. is re-established, aha
they afterwards issued a Procla • ation. All this wag
transacted with a tranquillity of winch there was no
example. They continued in the streets all night,
occasionally dischaNing guns in token of rejuicing•
To-day, orders were given that all BriTish Sinp-s-01
War and Merchant Vessels should be admitted irlco
the Port. Artillery are planted at the Bridge, and
the three other avenues which lead to the town.--
• Officers have been dispatched to arrest the follov, inn
partizans of the French, viz. Messrs. DONADIEU,
C. DUKBAR; RICHARD, MANUEL TELEZ DE 1\lt:-

,ctuntAs; head of the French !'rib GUINELEAti,
Fs,euch. Cohiul; Louts D'OLIVIORA, the Governor,
; Joz DE T0u.14, Commgader. of :the Order of
Christ."

Another Grim. Can. cause ispending, in which 3
Gentleman of extensive property is- plaintiff, und 3
youth under 18 years, who officiated as footman in
the family, and is now a waiter at an Hotel, ii► St.
James's-street, is the Defendant. The scene of
adultery, is •said to have heen at a village in Kent.
There are several witnesses. to speak, to the, lux bias,
one of whiCh is said to have had ocular detnonstra•
tion of the whole of the proceedings. The mistress
of the servant was married to her spouse four years
since, andshe has two children. She is twenty-five
'l.2.F:cjars of age.

CRIM. CON.—The cause of Lord BoniNooll
,tiate*fusSirli. PAGET, did not come beforethe Curt

of ;King's liench 'yesterday, Sir • ARTHUR having let
vitidgment. go default. It therefore remains
for the Sheriff's Court to assess the damage 3, which
we iNlicxe, are laid at 30,09Q1,
