SHIP NEWS.

FALMOUTH, JuNe "27.—Arrived the TTttit~►
'TAYLOR, from Lisbon, in 21 days. She sPtikl
tic Lady Harnilton transport, from Sierra Leo P"
in lat. 47. 50. long. 15. Also arrived the Franc!'
Freeling packet, with mails from Rio and sai►►e'
last front Pernambuco, in 49 days ; and the r°l"
tuguesa national schooner Princess Leopolin►lts'
Captain liarrisTE, from Rio, in 80 days, with 'I
Messenger and Dispatches.

PLYMOUTH, JUNE 27.—Arrived the Latont"
Rostrisom, from Miramichi, in 23 days. 1'304
np Channel the General Palmer, TRUSCOTT, fr°r's
Madras, in 10 Iveeks from St. Helena.
PORTSMOUTH, JuN6 29.—Arrived the LoYsi
Bliton, London, James, and Borodino will'
ports, from Barb .does ; Oromocto transport'
front St. Helena—sailed the 29th April ; NO"
bnryport,Goomcit, from Charleston ; and Ann'
MACKBY, from Tenet iffe.

The Ocean, of St. John's, N. 8., was fallen i 4
h, water-logged and abandoned by the ere*"
on the 12th May, in 1at.:41. 58. long. 43. 55. by
the Aid, TERRY, arrived at Newfoundland, 10°1
Liverpool. The Ocean was laden with timber;
her yards and sails were gone, but the masts we°
standing.

4'
,j(!

REGISTZR F.ISIIiON'.

411 r;
" LISItOP OF FKV:I'Fit AND MRS.

0.
a

-Lk

LAW INTELLIGENCE.

COURT OF CHANCERY.

ENTi'AtT.: 1:N MENTi.
0 in COnnaniztit-place, trn MOnday last, Ills Lord-
E• Ove a smnptimils dinner to the PRINCE itn•
r. Duke of Montrose, Lord and Unly .lances
irray, Lord and Lady Vane Stewart. rritice
tverhazv, Lord and Lady Graves, Lord anti
ally Robert Seymour, Lord Carlton, Sir !lonia-
-8100infield: Lord St. lielen's, Margness and
t4tChioness of Hertford, her Grace the I)tichess
14
Rich mond , and Viscountess Castlereagh. The
bie Was decorated in the Most magnificent style
t:th gnld plate, and illiiininat6l Ey e?'indelabras of
n'nl!), of great richness and beauty. In the
I,l~nttt a Grand COncert we as given, at which
,
lielloChi; Miss Naldi, and Mrs. Aslic,
s„,"ra Garcia, 13egrez, and Naldi, in the Vocal,
Signor Plizzi, Mr. and the Misses Asne,
Instrumental department, exerted their sope-
N„,* tatents to the greatest advniitage. There
're about 200 Falhionables in tile evening,
hint-1z whom were—
ktld
I„
rquess Camden and the
('ttrt
Pratt, Vi,ceonr:t Sydne7,
Psvis, O,rgar "'nil -
Lathes %Walpole, Eric' of rife, Viscount ,in,1.1.5-zieritzrsts.ilautpdeu,
zieritzrsts.ilautpdeu,
Countess of Caruravon, anti the Ladi its

fs,
I)I7KE AND MTH or WELLINGTON'S
GI:AND ENTEM'AINMENT.
lelt
save erday, the above Noble Duke and Duchess
" Cram, dinner to his Royal Highness the
11411" Rcgtnt. their Royal Highnesses the Dike
) P"hets Of york , Prince Est erhazy, Duke and
tt.r-i,"ess San Cados, Marquess nod Marchioness De
'Aint'bourg, Count and Countess Lieven,
lersl4n Ambassador, Countess Palmelia, the
0,41:04"e5s and Marchioness of Hertford, the Mar..
of Salisbury, Baron Buhlow,Baron Fagel,
k,ti f Castlereagh, end a large party of
persoun'ges'. The preparations on the oc-
Tt
The ",le of the most brilliant description:
the grand dining room, front the brilliancy of
atirsul)"b diamond cut-gla,,s chandelle's, and
gre," other brilliant lights, together with the
a ,e't Profusion of gold and silver services, sstas
At1,(:;le nownificence seldom witnessed. The
ree,C service of plate which the Noble Duke
hure-.711 from the King of Portugal, as a tri-
Pla e')r his services in the Peninsula, was dis-
tinn)H°T) the occasion, which was the admira-
/or " t).
-it,
The
Company, few of whom ever saw it be-
site * "e plateau, one of the most rare and exqui-
rairvP'''ces of workmanship, represents the unani-
nciulr the victorious nations by three faces, on
111 °I Which is the terms of one the respective na-
oob3; around the faces are the tour quarters of the
qfft F'llegorically described, which are snaking
t,,:ng to the victorious nations of garlands of
ivi,hets• The whole is surmounted by the globe,
most correctly classical figure of Victory
n
howg her benign wings over the Peninsula, and
hid; 1"g illher hand an olive and palm branch,
rlrit of peace and triumph, and in the left,
tvree crowns of laurel.' The whole is supported
11:11i''eirht sphynx. es, denoting the number of years
-
the victorious Duke slant in the Peninsida.
its %:(1 Piece is an Egyptian figure, which, from
' is indicative of the general repose of
Rra,,.?• There at'e' tablets of the whole of his
tea„ - $ hattles.in regular S.ucc.essioo.:;ml t 4
pn,ed The ground work of the plateau is
.corn 7
is in, f'f silver burnished, a 'beattli.filt desi-git
411:,""ited hy one hundred and:.six wa:c iights•
?Le 't"";C torn a most delightful.spectacle.ln
I,l„,.everling, the NOble "'Duchess entertained 'a
n'"Y of the Nobility and gi:utry
CO

rp, THE PRINCESS UP WALES, &C.
,- serest C',Ne, which has excited considerable in-
,est
C=.uk, ' "d Which occupied the Attention of the
hi, •rt a consideraWe portion of yesterday, was
(:‘,„1" 'ulverted t 4, this morning by the LORD CHAN-
Sir
AL"c'llo•when he entered the Court, addressed
rate -.2107-r, observing, that with respect to the
tider:r. Count ML NsTER, which wet tinder con-
ill, : tlon yesterday, he svat quite tired of hear•
11,', it Mentioned ; but be thought it uhould un-
htzt,4„l3 1"t ther consideration before he gave judg-
tit, ,:ieletjrl .liestv;leannti erstood, his Lordship would
y possible.

- •
t\in
-1-144 Oruro liousg T .—he pleasant old
1i e 4 Q 11113,1. The Jovial Crew, or The Merry Beggar 3,
rtvivrepresented in the year 16.11. and whichyr as
Lr„l few n seasos 'lgo at this Theatre, was
n •
'lktatt • forward ' last night, and so well
fe,,,faitlt
eil in airits parts, that it experienced 1 very
444 We reception.

....___
bo;'''lnrc.---IVest Country Dick, an active
lk et r)1 the day, who is always ready fora set-to,t
street benefit at the Minor Theatre, in Cathr.nt(re.
ft eeti. Yesterday, but the sports were very 1 iii
;stir,eill,t•---Sprint, and Shelton made a good set-to,
‘ll,l L'i3Played the best specimens of science,
raes
rt, 4130 Randall and Dick, but the others we
1( ,1,
orth notice.
• 'Pug --
l't„ Lizc WHIPPING Foil IZO3BING GARDENI9.
iter"Y morning, pursuant to a warrant issued
11,14;) Preceding (hy ,it union-hall, Joseph SchuNin,:.
pull) Jesse Murrell, two notorious characters, were
tilelY Whipped for robbin4 the garden of Mu •
•-one.
t ti, at Ilerne•hill, ot ~ rpm:1111y of fruit. and
il jetables,
Of which offence they were convicted
bear°re Air. A '!'he operation commenced
. LLEo. le
ill, Ile residence of Mr. Cohen, and wits con-
tile 'e(l to the end of it lane about 300 y8"13 tiCl‘Vn
tlie Ili", in the presence of a (lumber of ,pectatbrs;
the sante discipline was tepeated in returning to
tli,;ll°t• front whence they started. Immedizitely
4:,(1 "ter of the warrant for the whipping was
Pli,lPlie with, the prisoners were delivered into
N.),:ostudy of an officer attending, for the put.-
'I of. being conveyed to Union-hall, where
:I('Y w • •
41 ell! eXantined on a charge of stealing
,:‘ '"nbt. of hells and bell-wires front the gates
4, ''''''.•ral entlern, n retiding at Bri")"'
1 Wilieil bl '
4rtile , "rge they were remanded tor
-;,. 4 esarnination. Collin:Aourn, Golfe, 8"(1
l'Y . ' 14`'e "f the oflicers of Liiiion.l);ll, attende'L
'''lt'-;' or ,1 :‘,
....,,: . •o:t n.tagistrates, the peilmnniuce of
'''''llis 4liti I 0 preserve tho FttilLe peace.

r(17.. THE 6TIN'.

TO Tin.: FitEENIASONcI rIaEAT 13111 AI ANI)

IRELAND.

Brts7Ttiel,:e—Our bond of union being that
Charity, which evinces itself not only in sympa-
thetic feeling and beneficient action to,vards those
of the mystic tic, but also in benevolence and
ardent desire for the happiness and peace of man-
kind, it %You'd require but little enpeoce of rea-
soning to slew, that the recent Bull of the
Rotutsit Pontiff, which folminstes proscription
against our Order, was a 3 little called for, as it is de-
spotic. ,Indeed, the ignorance which could dictate
it, would, were we not aware, that some of our
Brethren are antler the trammels of Popish slavery,
only excite pity from, the. rest of our Craft. in
my Mother Lodge a few Catholics are members,
—these have, since the issoiog of the Pontiff
8011, been admonished by their (,Mostly Father
to come, as they value the salvarloo of their souls,
out Crow among us.—Our Tyler, an excellent
man, with a numerous family dependent no him
for support, is of this persuasion, anti though he
admits that he can see nothiog inconsistent- with
his duty to God, to the Pope, or to man; in our
tenets, yet the mandate of the Priest is itripera-
live, and the poor matt has, to the general regret
of the Lodge, and, I may add, of himself, heel'
01)147,ed to resign his office—the emoluments of
which, were to him no inconsiderable object, and
his only crime was that of being a member ot a Socie-
ty, the basis of which is universal love. Did a Plato,
a Soct aces, or a Cicero witness such tyranny among
Christians, what orinion would they form of their
boasted charity ? Would they not exclaim, Tell it
not in Athens, publish it not in the streets of
Rome ? Strange ! shall we find the human mind
more debased among Christians than among Pa-
gans ? Shall we experience less liberty of con-.
science atno;tg the followers of Christ than among
the disciples of Socrates ? Shall we see the head of li
the Boarish Church issuing Bulls that would-dis-
grace the children of reason ? Sed ex LOW disce
pillneS. These are the people, while they are cla-
morous for emancipation, that withdraw thetn-
selves from a society patronized by their Sove-
reign, and in which neither religious nor political
discussion is ever tolerated. But, my Brethren,
in this enlightened age, when the tide of opinion
has set strongly in favour of toleration, the flood-
gates should oc strongly barred against insidious,
hypocritical, and disguised innovation. The Ca-
tholics profess to claim liberty of conscience, and
equality with other forms of worship ; but from
the aspiring principles of their religion, they ac-
tually aim at a-superiority over Protestants, and
independent© of the Throne itself ; and then, in
place of meeting without fear in our Lodge, might
we not dread being subjected to the horrors of
tire Inquisition ? For that equality, unanimity,
and universal love which distinguish our Frater-
nity form too glaring a contrast to the des-
potism and 'persecuting spirit which the Catholics
have ever fostered, for us to escape feeling the
iron rod, were they 10 strength to wield it. Ma-
sonry being one of the firmest pillars in the State,
naturally excites their jealousy, and be assured they
only want power entirely to suppress our Order.--.-
Look at the unfortunate sit nation of our Brethren
in unhappy Spain—Wha' Protestant mind is there
that does not recoil—What Masonic breast is
there that does not feel indignant at the author
of their sufferings; their authors are Catholics,
and of the same treed with those whose claims
'for Emancipation lately engrossed the attention
.of our Legislature, and should their object be
ever granted, they will have gained an important
point for lording over British and Irish Masons,
as much as they do over them in Spain. lint I
am aware, there are many in both Houses of Par-
liament, who know the mystic ties of our Order,
and thesis can judge for themselves of the Pontiff's
Bull. 1 am, Brethren, your's fraternally,
'• A FREE MASON."

AGRICULTURE, &c.
