The gallery was then cleared fur a division, when the num-
hers were—

For the motion
Against it

59
106
Majority -47
On our return to the gallery, however, we found
Mr. O'CONNELL moving that the Chairman report pro-
gress, but the motion was negatived without a division.
Mr. K EMBLE then rose and moved that the House should
then adjourn.

The gallery was again cleared, and the motion was agreed to
without a division, and the House adjourned at Two o'Clock.

HOUSE OF LORDS, JuLI- 2

The LORD CHANCRLLOR took his seat ors the Woolsack at
the usual hour.
The Earl of DEVON presented a petition from the Dean
and Chapter of Christchurch against the alienation of Church
property.
Tho Bishop of E X ETE 2 presented a petition from Exeter
against the English Tithe Commutation Act.
A message from the 'louse of Commons brought up several
Bills.

Lord HATHE RTON presented a p,t;tion from West
Bremwieli in favour of a National System of Education in
England.
The Duke of RUTLAND presented a petition from
the Archdeaconry of Leicester against certain clauses of the
Benefices Pluralities Bill. The objectionable clauses were
from the Ilth to the I 9th, but with respect to all other clauses,
except the 48th, the petitioners greatly approved of the
Bill. The Noble Duke did not intend to oppose the second
reading of the Bill himself, but he hoped the desires of the
petitioners would be attended to by their Lordships.
The Earl of RADNOR presented a peftion from the
Board of Guardians of the union of A,ton, denying the alle.
gation in a petition, presented by a Noble Lord (Wynford)
some time since, complaining of the distance of the Union, and
the non-appointment of the schoolmaster acid mistress and
the relieving officer.

-
Lord WYNFORD believed, notnithstanding the petition
that had just been presented by the Noble Earl, that the
charges made aganst the Guardians were true.

MR. TURTON.

Lord \VITA RNCL IFFE stated that on the 20th of May last
a Noble Friend of his had asked a question of the Noble Vis-
count opposite, relative to a person Lamed Turton, who had
gone out to Canada. The question related to a report that he
had been appointed, to a leading situation in Canada.
Upon that occasion the Noble Viscount had stated that
Mr. Turton had received no appointment, and that he did not
even know that he had ever gone out. After such an answer,
he ( Lord Wharneliffe) felt great surprise to see in the Quebec
Gazette, that that Gentleman had received an appointment
from Lord Durham. He trusted the Noble Lord would ex-
plain the matter to their Lordships.
Viscount MELBOURNE said that, in the despatches
from Lord Durham, no mention had been made of the
appointment. He ( Lord Melbourne) had, however, seen the
Quebec Gazette, and there could be no doubt that such
an appointment bad taken place. He viewed that appoint-
ment with surprise and concern, and he could not but !uncut
that it had taken place.—(Cheers.)
Lord BROUGHAM said it was true that Mr. Turton
had been charged with an aggravated offence, but it was
to be remembered that it was his first and only one.
Mr. Turton was a most enlightened member of the
profession, and had sacrificed an income of 2,0001. a
year for the purpose of going out with the Earl of Dur-
ham. In making this statement, he begged their Lordships
not for one moment to suppose that ho was an advocate for
adultery and seduction --(Cheers.)
The Bishop of LONDON deprecated the principle laid
down by the Noble Lord. He thought the religious ceremo-
nies of the Church ought to be observed and enforced.
Lord BROUGHAM felt bound, after what had fallen from
the Right Reverend Prelate, to re-assert what he had most

guardedly before stated that ihereWa; nothing that
cated or detested more than the offence charged against Mr.
Turton.

After a few words from the Bishop of LONDON the sub.
loot dropped.

TATTERSALL' S—YEsrEßne r.

THE ST. LEGER.
5 to I agst Colonel Peel's lon—taken
13 to 1 agst Mr. Coombes's Cobham—Liken
20 to 1 apt Mr. Thompson 's colt
25 to 1 agst Mr. Fox's Jemmy Jumps—taken
25 to 1 agst Mr. 13?wes s Appleton Lad—taken
25 to 1 a_:st Mr. Wilkins's Wee Willie—taken
20 to 1 apt Mr. Parkins's Lanercost—taken
33 to I agst Mr. Fairlie's The Ilvdra—take 40 to 1
Very little doing.

THE SUN, LONDON, TUESDAY, JULY 3, 1.831

Lord'BROUG HAll, after a short conversation respecting
the convenience of Noble Lords, postponed the further con-
sitleration of his motion on the slavery question to Wednesday,
the I ith instant.
RESIDENCE AND PLURALITIES BILL.

The Marquis of LANSDOWNE presented a petition from
the diocese of Norwich, objecting to some clams in this Bill,
and praying that no pluralities would be allotted except where
the parishes lay contiguous.
Lord PORTMAN would not oppose the second reading of
this Bill, but he would lend his best attention to make some
requisite alterations in its details in Committee.

The Marquis of LANSDO WNE presented eight other
petitions from the same diocese, approving of the Bill generally,
but praying for modifications in the details.
The Bishop of ROCHESTER presented a petition of a
different nature, praying that their Lordships would restrain
the extension of powers fraught with danger to the Establish-
ment. The petit►on particularly objected to the 15th and 16th
clauses. When the Bill went into Committee be intended to
move the rejection of the third clause altogether.
The Bishop of DURHAM presented a petition from the
Clergy of the dioceso of Durham, approving of the principle
of the Bill.

The Bishop of EXETER gave notice that he would, if
possible, call the attention of the House to the petition of
Mr. Baker on the subject of national education on Tuesday
(to-day). _

The Archbishop of CANTERBURY rose to move the
second reading of the Residences and Pluralities Bill, and to
state his intention to move in Committee certain alterations
which appeared to him indispensable. He felt that there could
not be any serious difference respecting the principle of the
Bill, but there was a very considerable discordance on the de-
tails, as had been sufficiently seen by the petitions before
them. He pledged himself, when the opportunity occurred
in Committee, to attend to two points which especially ap-
peared to him to require settling, viz., to introduce a clause
for the union of contiguous benches which ought to be joined,
and another for the disunion of benefices at a distance from
each other, joined together in former times, but which ought
never to have been united. There had been great opposition
as to the machinery of this Bill throughout the country, but
he believed it had begja very undeservedly made in general.
There was one subjecTl:however, on which he thought it right
to advertise the House of the alteration he intended--that on

changing the control in cases of appeal from the Commis-
sioners to the Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Queen in
Council, by which he thought the interests of the Church
would be better secured. He would postpone all discussion
till Thnrsday, when he hoped their Lordships would enter into
the business in Committee.

The Bishop of EXETER did not intend to oppose the se.
cond reading of the Bill, but rejoiced to hear that there were
important amendments in contemplation.
The Bishop of LONDON said that the Commissioners had
been accused of a desire of intruding themselves into matters
not properly belonging to them, but to the Bishops, and grasp-
ing greater powers than: they ought to have. He must differ
historically with his Right Rev. Friend, for many of the powers
of the Bill were introduced because it was thought that the
Commissiorers would have more to do than they were now
likely to have. As to the petitioners it appeared to him to
signify little whether they came up to London with their ap-
peals or only to Lambeth Palace.
Lord NFORD was sorry Ghat a Bill of such impor-
tance should be brought forward so late in the session. At
the same time he should not oppose the second reading. If
mailers were as they ought to be, and as our ancestors in-
tended they should be,. the Right Rev. Prelate himself would
hate had the power of determining whether pluralities should
or should not exist in his diocese.
The Archbishop of CANTERBURY replied.
The Bill was then read a second time arid ordered to be
committed on Monday neat.

The Freemal.'.J Admission Bill went through Committee.
Adjourned.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

Two. or three stakes were brought under notice in the course of
the day and some bets made on each, but taking it altogether bu-
sincss was neither heavy nor interesting. We take the events ac-
cording to their dates :

JULY STAKES.
7 to 2 apt Duke of Richmond's Bul vark—taken
4 to 1 agst Lord Exeter's Macrenaa—taken and afterwards
offered
6 to 1 agst Mr. Wilson's filly—taken and afterwards offered
9 to 1 agst Mr. Bireham's Rouneival till)—taken
9 to 1 agst Mr. King's Condor—taken
GOODWOOD STAKES. AUGUST 1.

6 to 1 agst Sir G. lleathcote's Valentissirno—taken freely
8 4 aTt Captain Gardnor's Toothill—taken
15 to 1 agst Sir G. lleathcote's Tawnry Ovrl—taken
100 even betted between 'foothill and Jack-in-the-Green ; Lo-
cotta was backed a day or two ago at 10 to 1; those odds arc now
offered.

NEWCASTLE RAGES, Fran Ar.
The Innkeepers' Plate, added to a Handicap Stakes of 3 guineas
each, to be made up 50 sous. by the Innkeepers and their
Friends, for horses, &c., of all ages. Heats, once round and a
distance. The second to save his stake.
Mr. J. King's br. g. Remnant, 5 yrs, Bst. 31b
Mr. Bell's Cr. h. Swainby, 5 yrs, Bst. 91b
Mr. Attwood's Theano, 5 yrs, ist. 91b
Mr. Stephenson'a Corrysrechan, 6 yrs, Bst 0 p 4
Mr. Dawson's Achilles, 3 yrs, 64. 81b
Mr. Mann's Merry Lass (a feather)
Betting-5 to 4on Theano ;2to 1 agst Remnant ; after the
first heat, 3 to 1 on Theano ; after the second, 2 to 1 on Remnant.
First heat won easy, the second by a length, and the third by half
a length.

STEAM NAVIGATION By enlarging the model
of the Great Western to a ship of 3,9.00 tons,‘‘ith engines of .1,000
horse power, the voyage from Bristol to New York, made in fillet n
days five hours by the Great Western, camuming 430 tons of coa:s,
would be 1 erto-nsed by this larger ship, under the same circumstances of
wind and 'sea her, in about tim days, with a consumption Of about 530
tons of coals, If we allow 1,000 tons for the weight of her t ngints,
boiler, and water, and 1,100 for fuel out and home, we shall have 1,100
tons to sp: re for corgo and pas-enters ; showing that speed, economy,
and capacity iniPrease in proportion to the size of the ship. Three tons
to the horse-power semto be a fair estimate; but as ships are imircased
in magnitude,
t;ic propelling power, perhaps, may be decreased.—Rail.
way Magazine.

NEW PUBLICATIONS.—Mr. Co!burn, of Great
Marlborough-street, has just published the follownil; interesting new
Works :-1. Travels in the NVestern Caucasus, Ay., in 1836, by Ed-
mund Spencer,
Esq., author of " Travels in C ssia," AC., 2 vols.,
Svo., with illustrations bound, °Ss. 2. ' ..Rose Fancier's Manual,
comprising an account of the Culture a Propagation of Roses, Ay., by
Mrs. Gore, 1 vol.,
bound, 10s:-4i1. / The Petlystriwi's Guide through
North Wales, by G. J. Bennett, Esq., 1 vol., tvo., with I wenty Dcli.
3:
jugs, by A. Clint, bound, Ise( 4. A Second Series of the Handem R.,.
collections of the Lords and Commons, by the author of " The Bench
and the Bar," &c,,,55. vols., 21s. 5. A new and cheaper edition of
"The Bench 'pd. the Bar," in 2 vols., 18s. 6. A Visit to China in
1836-7. by E. T. Downing, Esq., M.H.C.S., 3 vols., with illustrations,
bound, 3 i
- •s, Gek 7. Recollections of Caulincourt, Duke of Viccnz i,
2 vols., iSa. And 8. Queen Elizabeth and her Time;; a series of
original letters, dedicated, by permission, to the Queen, 2 volt., with
Portraits, 32s —The same publisher has also just issued the following
new Works of fiction, which May be had at ali the Lib: al ics :-. 1, The
Woman of the World, by the authoress of " The Diary of a Des,n.
nuyee," 3 vols. 2. The Greenwich Pensioners, a Companion to Mr.
Gleig's "Chelsea Pensioners," 3 vols. 3. Shakspeare and Lis Friends,
or The Go!den Age of Merry England, an Historical Romance, 3 vols.
4. The Man about Town, by the author of " Glances at Life," 2 vol.
5. Lights and Shadows of Irish Life, by Mrs. S. C. Nall, authoress of
" The Buccaneer,"&c., 3 vols. 6. Nourmahal, sn Oriental Romance,
by M. J. Quin, Esq., 3 vols. And 7. Outward Bound, nr A Merchant's
Adventures, by the author of "Rattlin, the Reefer," &c., 3 vols.

CORONATION SAUSAGES.—At a ham and bccf-
shop window, iu Little Russell-street, Covent-garden, a paper is exhi.
bited, on which i$ written—." Royal coronation sauEagcs to le hrd within
..—the largest ever made."

hear the observations of the Noble Lord, and he irusicd that
they would sink deeply into the minds of the great numbdr of
gentlemon who, in their zeal for the agricultural interests,
would not suffer foreign corn under bend to be ground in this
real rn.

EGYPT AND TURKEY.
Lord BROUGHAM said that, in reference to the obser-
vations which had been made by the Noble Earl who spoke
la,t, the announcement made by the Noble Viscount might
certainly form a subject of congratulation in some parts of the
country, but undoubtedly it would elicit a different feeling
in other parts of the country. It was certainly an amusing
and rather superfluous qualification, that that was the Noble
Viscount's present opinion and determination on the subject—
for he believed nobody ever theught of pledging themselves
as to what would be their future opinions or intentions.
—(" Hear, hear," and laughter.) While upon his legs he
would take the opportunity of calling the attention of the
Noble Viscount to a subject of great importance--a commu-
nication made to the British Consul at Alexandria by the
Paella of Egypt, M hemet Ali (a personage whose proceed-
ings were el serving of considerable attention, as well for his
exertions to abolis slavery in his dominions as to estahlish
institutions for the promotion of education), to the effect that
he had determined to cast off his allegiance to the P..rto
(which had, indeed, been merely nominal of late), still, how-
ever, with a view to avoid hostilities expressing his willing-
ness to pay some kind of tribute to the Sultan. He (Lord
Brougham) hal just heard that such a communication to the
four Consuls resident-et_ Alexandria; namely, those of Eng-
land, France, Russia, and Austria (he did not know if the
other three Powers were informed),-that such, at least, was
Mehemet Ali's present intention.—(Laughter.) He now
wished to ask the Noble Viscount if her Majesty's Consul had
received any such official intimation ?
Viscount MELBOURNE raid that he believed there had
been no direct information to that effect received by the Bri-
tish Consul. There was a general expectation, however, that
such a measure would in all probability be taken sooner or
later by the Pacha. -
LORD DURHAM'S CIRCULAR.
Lord ELLENBOROUGII gave notice that he meant to
take the ..r.rliest opportunity of calling the attention of the
Government to the circular letter which appeared in the
Montreal Gazette of the 31st of May, addressed to the Exe-
cutive Council by Lord Durham.
MUNICIPAL CORPORATIONS (IRELAND).
Lord MELBOURNE stated that he intended to take the
second reading of the Municipal Corporations Bill for Ireland
on Monday, the 9th instant.
SLAVERY.
