1.0 A.

Qt7RIMC, .MINE 211.--We have noticed with
ntuch retort, the fact that a number of the Ame-
rican-Officers who were pristine: s Of war in this
Proiince, and were sent hawk to, the United States
rpon itieinr,;, their Parole ,of, Honour not to serve
till ottgularly exchanged,. are 'taw serving in the
atria! Which has invaded Upper 'Canada, without
their having been so exchanged,
vont4uct of the .Anterican Government in
tepareiag to a war with Great Britain, ivithont
any thing appessring to. "us as ii justifiable cause,
art, is carrying fire and sword into these unoffend-
ing-, Vt winces, without -any probability of obtain-
ing by thevouttples t of them, tlkeltrofessed object
of the."a4r,,always appeared to tLias wantonly ex-
posing:ilivitZ portion of ,mankind to umneeessury
misery; hut as every GooMiztueiltiziust be the judge
Of When and 'bow it is to make war, 'as British
subjects, we had uoright to complain. It was
for our Gur overnment to mike its calculations ac-
cordingly. /bit the people of the United States
being considered .its a tivilized people, we had a
right to expect that in carrying Oil the war, they
would not deviate from the rules which govern
civilized onions. It could not be supposed that,
.individoals in the sitnation of gentlemen would,
'ruder any consideration, consent to Violate a pro-
mise.solemoly made upon honour. We have ocea
ilenetio,-.4.' is not this, oweVer that
,we regret ;
is is wit the harm that a lei.* worthless individuals
can do !tr•ii, but we, Vegret the necessary couse_
quenre, extension of the of, War, alr,eatly
iii fr,eit moist a t tagatril shape, sufficiently severe,
Tivr natural low of war, is that the, vanquished
ix ie.iltitely Nit the diiptisal,of the conqueror.
the 79n.1e state of Society, the vanquished have al-
tuo!t invAriAbly been put to death., This is the
ractim of the Indlan,Notions to this stay, when
uoinilueuted lay Europeans. Their conduct in
tbk respect, ha; been ascribed to an original
malty in 'their disposition x ,hot it was with them
the elfaet necessity. People who were forced
termiirate the existenceof their aged and infirm
to prevent them from languishing for want of sup-
port,. cannot he sopposed to have had the means
of sobsisting prisoners of war.' In the middle
strute of Society, . the vanquished were reduced to
slavery. he Religion brought comfort
to the afflicted, and softened the lot of the unfor-
tunate, and a refinement of honour, at length se-
clured dm prisoner ranking as aGentlemau, whilst
lie was at liberty in his own country, amidst his
family sod friends. It is this state of things which
the Anterican Government anti: its olbeers are en 7
sleavoaring to destroy. They ;are endeavcinring
Ito reduec civilized societies 'to worse than their
origival state' of barbarism.
We know that the Ameritan Government has
said, that these officers were exchanged; and 'it
is probable that 'they'have required them to -re-
turn to the service. But the American Govern-
nteot knoiis, that they have riot been exchanged;
that the euaseut of the party towards Whom they
contraeted their obligation has never been obtain-
ed. Honour admits of no quibble, no equivoca-
tion. Its laws are ingependent of ail govern-
nients. the eyes of all licmoinalde men, a pit ,a
of this kind will be cot idercd as a confession trr
guilt.
10
.--Some time last week an
expedithin was fitted out from Kingston, for time
purpose of cutting out the new ship at Sacltett's
liarboltr, which.rit is said, would have complete-
lysucceetled, had ii not been for two deserters,
vsho gave theenemy information of the intended

enterprize. It is stated, Jhat Sir James Yea had,
he mght previous to leaving Kingston been over
to Sackett's Harbour, and Lund out that the new

frigate had hcen taken WithOtiltlit bar of the har-
bour, for the pnrpose of taking- on board licr
guns, &c. lie took with him a sufficient number
'to accomplish he; object, and landed them at the
proper place and de tauec to carry kis plan Into
effect the I,text night ; but vt hen he came to tuns--
tit:l. his inert, he foaq that two belOnging to thtt
ltir F. S. Regiment, were missing, that the
had been taken within the bar ot the harbour, `and
his 'object entirely frustrated.
4TON, JULY 7.—,--The. President eonti-

kates colividesteot. lie has so far recovered as

to have attended to some of the iu t.t urgent pub-
lic businehs requiring his attention,
FLIONI TILE UTICA GA ZETWE, JULY 6.--The fleet
under Commodore Chauncey sailed from the har-
bour on Fri,.lay last. We understand that sonic
movements of the ,euemy had been discovered,
Which were supposed to indicate an intention
on their part to make another attack upon that
place. •
GZOIIGE TOWN, JULY 7.--The statement of the
roman of Hampton being violated by the British
turns out to be false. A correspondence upon
that subject, and the piiiage said to have been
committed there, has taken place between General
Taylor and Admiral Warren. Some plunder ap-
pears to have been committed, but it was con-
fined to the French troops employed. Admiral
Warren complains; on his part, of the Americans
continuing to fire upon the struggling crews of
the barges, atter they were sunk. The British
eartled, away all the horses from Hampton they
could collect, for the purpose of drawing their
artillery, as is said. • •
(01110) Irma 27.—A dispatch has
been forwarded hi:re to Brig.-Cieneral C,t , from
',Major-General Harrison, informing, that front
'communications from Fort Meigs, a large British
and Indian force were collecting at or near Mal-
den, and that they expect nnpther attack or siege
from a force of 5 or 600 u Te regiment of year's
men, raising in this district, are directed to repair,
as soon as prapticahle, to Cleveland. 'lhe troops
at Fort Meigs are said to he very. sickly ; and if
an attack should be so unexpectedly made, antl
from so large a force, we should dread the re-
sult, and shall, therefore, be anxious until we
hear farthei frbro that post.
PosTos". JtiLY 13.—Wc understand a gentle
mati at Noyttl'itth hos lovente3 a di -itig hoe, witinli
,
oy 405 of paettilesl.Q. C )1) pronc) • W'iEer it
roje of thvce- -.11; in" '/1"11
ileleoydat, „ „„.e uscend and
vxovr,w;tr.o,,lran7l":o4 1.1
151
s_,aa a nouther of
2),;tontn
(), t
4111 it vt:tlipt!iilllltier the
t ew London I
ttra:pt, alter rent-iinit n the
)11. under some time ,

he came to the top of Ike watc,r, the porpoise,
for air, mid as Ina wsuald have it; came the but a
few feet from the stern flit Rutuigi.es„ aiid. was
obScrCetl by the centinels on def7k; %Oa song' out
rr boat ahoy",--inintediately on' hearing
:the haat descended without making a reply.. See-
ing this, an alarm gull a s kett on board the ship,
and all hands
.called tni quarteri„ the cable. ,cut,
and the ship got tinder u-,ay with all.posihle
dispatch, expecting every Moment to he blown up
by a torpedo. I n t Ise third 'attempt he came up
directly under tke Rataidics and fastened. himself
.mud his boat to her.keel; 'where he remained 'half
ttfl hootr,, and succeeded in perforating 'a .hole
throUgh. her .copper, and whik engaged in •serew=
'lug a torpedo to her bottom, the screw broke, and
deft4ted his object for that time. • So great is the
alarm and fear on board of the Ramifies of smite
such btratagetn;, being ph4ted off upon them, :that
Commodore flartly tta•,i u*lidrava his force from
before New London, and keeps his ship under
!way. all the time, instead of lying at anchor as far-
tmly, _ _

Letters received from \l74,tshington say, it ;s un-
derstood that the !Piesident has reft,seil to confer'
'with rite Committee of tjw• Semite, relative to the
Russian embassy,

There was found oat the Chesafteake's (leeks
more shot than could have been fired aletty,lituf the
battle la;ted 'several. hours ; among; which %were
(besides grape, canister, an double-bePtled shot)
bahs.of 'wrought iron connected by links so as
to form an extended length of five feet, and
others with foor bars of More than a foot each.,
all .cOnnectedat one-end bya ring, Which, ozpand-
ed-in-hiur points as they flew. The Shannon had
only round' shot,* grape, and canister : hat many
of the Chesapeake's canistets have since been'
opened, and have all ,been found to 'contain. in
the centre, angular, and jagged pieces of iron
of various shapes and Sizes : and all t! eir musket
cartridges had three earl soinefour bock-shot loose
in the powder; the evillent design of which
,have. been; not Merely to disable and, destroy, tor
round balls are ecinally effectual for these purposes',
but to increase the torment, and retard the cure
of the wow:cis- they inflieteil, They,had ,lsn a
large cask of unsiacked lime, with the head open,
standing on the forecastle, and a•bag of,the
on the fore-top.; and their intention was (if they
had time) to throw it by handfuls into the eyes of
our men when they attempted to board, Let A1a...,
disoo, who is for ever canting about
,ll.ou,aility,
and his partizaOs; Who have itoctised our honest
tatl with unfairness,—let them reConcite such
conduct to the principles of honourable warfare,
or endta your to learn eandour'and veracity. They
cannot do either.
