LONDON, FRIDAY EVLNING. APRIL 19, 1833.

in Briots.l., says, that the English Cabinet has received
from St Petersburgh a courier, despached by the Em
peror Nicholls a fortnight ago.
The Emperor announces that he i• ready to cause th•
negotiation• on the Belgian question to he resumed as soon
as the Dutch prisoner+ shall have been sent home, ant,
the orders for the embargo, and the hl 'ckade of the coas
of Holland revoked. This news, which was known to
only a few persons on 'Change, gave rise to some specula
lions. The balls of the Dutch gunboats, which has,
been cruising this week near Callon, have partly destroyee
the dikes of the Scheldt, and a great number have even
fallen on the houses, which have euff-red severely.
BRUSSELS, APRIL 15.—Towards the end of the week
the King w►ll go to Maliries, with the Queen and the
Princ SSER, to review the 2,1 division of the 'army Ma-
dame Adelaide will nor go Antwerp.
The official bulletin coutains a great number of
nominations of the order of Leopold, dated March
10, made in the French army, and ainong the"
are 10 Grand Crosses, 19 Commanders, 37 offs
cers, 231 knights. Tee grand crosses are his Ala
j-sty Louis Philippe, the Dukes of Orleans antl Nemours,
-General- Baron Ilaso, Neigre, St. Cyr, Nugues,
Corvol, Flahant, Count Hor Sehastiani, the Duke of
Dalaaatia, and the Duke of Choiseul.
M. Perier will arrive at Brussels in the course of the
week, to take the place of Al. Talenay, as First Secre-
te! vof Legation. The !atter will immediately set out for
Rome. We learn that, besides the 40,000 mu.kets which
the Kiug of Holland lately purchased at Leige, at fourteen
florins a piece, he has ordered 50,000 more at the same
price.
General Duinnulin, Governor of Luxemburg, has
written to the military authorities of Asten, to announce
that he will not allow any soldier on furlough to tie
within the territory of the fortress, and that if any more
should come, he would have them arrested and considered
as prisoners of war.
The changes that have been made in the positions of the
army on the frontier, were caused by simil ir changeX in
the Dutch army.
BRUSSELS, APRIL 16.—1 t is affirmed that the Teems
position 01 the Ministry is determined upon. Among the
persons mentioned as part of the new Administration are
Messrs. Brabant and Dubois. .

The Lynx sp-aks of a mirriage between the eldest son
of the Prince of Orange and the Princess Victoria, niece of
King Leopold anti heiress of the Crown of England. Other
persons attribute the visit of the Duke of Orleans to Lon-
don to a project of marriage with the same Princess.
BRUS ELS, APRIL 17.—The Monitenr Beige of Wed•
nesthy morning makes no mention whatever of a new
Ministry.
VIENNA, APRIL 6.—Numerous promotions have again
been made in our army. Count Von Munich Belling-
hausen, President of the German Diet, arrived here yes
terday. Our funds have undergone great filletU ttions du-
ring the last wetk, and sheaved a tendency to rise, till the
arrival ti the news from Alexandria yesterday that Me-
limed Ali had rejected the treaty signed by Admiral
Reussin. No other cause for the sudden tall is known.

The day before yesterday, an officer of the suite of
N.mek Pacha, the Turkish Ambassador, passed through
Vienna, on his way from Paris to Constantinople, with
dispatches.
To day there is a report on 'Ch inge, that a great
Banking-house has received news from Paris, that Count
P. no de Borg() had demanded his passports, and left Paris,
manse he could not obtain a satisfactory answer to the
complaints that had been made on the conduct of Admiral
Roussin at Constantinople.
There seems to be no authentic confirmation of this in-
telligence ; but yet it is reared that the affairs of the East
may lead to new difficulties. There has also been a report
of dis•urhances at Paris.—Allegemeine Zeitung, April 12.
FRANKFORT, APRIL 10.-Dr. Neulrof, who was con-
cerned in the events of the 3.i inst., and bad succeeded in
making his .scape, has just been arrested in the distner
of Koingstien. lie will be bought to Wiesbaden, and
we le irn that he will be iminediat ly delivered up.
Last night about 10 o'clock, several persons suddenly ap-

reznet! near the powder ma,:Jaine. As they did not appear in

dined to r.-tire w ,en challenged by the sentinels, the last r
tir•'d at them, on which they fl:d precip;titely. No further
disturbance has taken pl ice, and the city enj,,vs per eel
gnilli y. It seems that many of the persons concerned in
the disorders have fl d to t.....,trasburg since the attempt on
the powder mae..z ne A stro'ig detachment of troops o
the hoe is posted near it. I is affirmed that last nigh+
several tires wire seen on ➢loon, TUIIIIIIB. _

H UDELBURG, Aram 10 --Tne Manheim Gazitte, re
felling to the report that ttte;e 1,a,1 been troubles in Hu-
urg and in Ithents,, Bavaria, 'says, there has bren
uo
dtsturhinee at Ilu telt.urg ; altn-st all the students me
gone home, the winter lectures being over. —Francfort
pipers, Apt il 12.

The select of St. Martin-in• the-Fields, for the
pip po-e of saliorting their favourite system, attended,
with their witnesses, at CI• rkenwell, to prefer indictor , tit.
tor riot against those inhabitants who had the courage to
assert their right to he present in the vestry on Easter
Mond ,y list, at the choosing of churchwardens and other
busin,ss of the p irish, when they were comp.led to make
a forcible entry, in consequence of about 10 or 12 of tt e
select, with the vicar at their head, having locked them-
selves in the vestrv•room to transact the most important
piri,chiel business. 'I he Grand Jury, much to their
honour, have thrown nut the bill.

Mr. GODWIN, the venerable author, has just
received the Appointment of Yeoman Usher and Office.
keeper of the Exchequer. The duties are rather hf an
inferior order. The .alaiy is two hundred a year, with an
official residence. E•iil GREY, in b,stowing this port on

ui his patronage, expressA his regret at having no. hint;
bettor suit.ible or more worthy the reception of this vete-
ran literateur.—Tavn.

A large and important meeting was held at
the 01 i Ship Inn, Brighton, tin Thursday last, for the pur-
pose of petttionirig P,riiamenr for the abolition of n gro
slavery. Toe assembly was addressed by several ot the
resident ministers ot religion, and other gentlemen ; and a
powerful appeal was delivered by W. STEVEN, Esq., who
attended from the parent society in London, and who is
recognised as one of the ablest and most z.alous advocates
in the cause of emancipation. A petition to both Houses
of the Legislature was adopted, and will be presented at an
etrly day by J. N. WIGNEY, Esq., one of the Members for
the borough. The county Members will also, be requested
to lend their support to the cause. The p• titiou is tyigg
for signature in several parts of the town, and has already
nceived the names of a considerable portion of the visiting
and inhabitants. Meetings for the same oliitct have also
been held at Shoreham, Arundel, Worthing, and other
towns in the county of Sussex.

THE INFLUENZA.—Owing to the increasing
illness in the Metropolis, the King's levee was by no
meals numerously attended yestertl ly, and it is expected
that it will have a similar effect on the Queen's drawing-
raorn to-day. It is rath,r singular that the epidemic:
attacks considerably more persons who are comfortably
situated than those who are not. The whole of the esta-
'Oddments of several of the nobility end gentry have
suffered, and others are still suffering, from the complaint
in all parts of London and Westminster—many fashionable
parks have been deferred—and medical men in common
with their patients are =cog the sufferers. Toe dos*
of Covent Garden theatre on Tuesday-night, in conse•
quence of the indisposition of some of the performers,
although her Majesty expressed her intention of honour-
ing the theatre with her presence on that night, was
r ther an untoward circuni•tantio, though if it had re-
trained open, there would have been rather a scanty ap•
pearance of company, .;t4 but sew boxes were taken, no
doubt oce sinned by the Iduenza, and the great number
of persons who are indisposed.

PRESENT STATE OF INDIA.—" Major
ARCHER'S work, Tours in Upper India,' is fail of the
most
iv most ' ly, various, and stiiring intirest; detailing,
unquestioned accuracy, the visits of a distinguish,d Bri-
tish functionary, Lord COMBERMERE, to the courts of
the native princ-s ; and mAtitig forth their various and
.in4u!ar customs ,irri modes of life, with a graphic hand.
In this respect nothing can be more interesting and attrac-
tive than these volumes. But it is in a much more
im-
portant light than that of mere entertaiment that we are
called upon to view M,j.ir ARCHER'S work. His sketches
of the Bengal Government, and the pr, sent condition of
the Indian limy, are worthy at this moment the most
serious attention of all who are interest:d in the question
now pending between the Government and the Company.
Al la who among us is not more or less interested in this
question?"—New Court Journal.

EAST INDIA HOUSE, APRIL 18.

(Continued from nur Paper of yester.lays)
After a short desultory conversation, the Hon. Proprietor
gave notice that he would, as soon as the forms of the Court
would allow him, move his resolution.
A number of Proprietors then rose, all claiming their right
o be heard. _

The CIIAIRMAN said he acted most conscientiously and im-
partially. He called on that gentleman who first caught his eye.
Mr. TWINING having been called upon, rose and said he had
intended to have moved the adjournment on the last occasion,
hut had been frustrated. He entreated the indulgence of the
Hon. Court more on that occasion than on any former one, for
the subject now under consideration was one of the utmost im-
portance. He was of opinion that the Company
had made out a case on which they might claim from the
Government and the public a dispassionate consideration
of their affairs. He was sorry that they should have been
called upon to make up their minds in so short a time on a
matter of such importance, and that they should be told, that
unless they were favourable to tte proposition; made to them,
they might save themselves any more trouble on the oc-
casion. On former occasions, they had been told that
they were fighting for their very existence.—(Hear, hear.)
That at the present time was most strictly true. He ap-
pealed to every person who heard him whether the im-
pression made in this country, and indeed all over the world,
,by the conduct of the Company had not been one of brilliant
advintage. Objections had been made to the union in one •
body of a commercial with a legislatorial character, and perhaps
some instances of inconvenience might be knOwn to have
attended such an union ; but under its administration so many
things had been achieved, such a revenue had been gained, and
they had obtained such high credit with the world, that they
need not blush at having for so many years appeared in the
character of the United Merchants of India.—(Hear, hear.)
It was not unworthy of observation to look at the period when
this great change was proposed to be accomplished. When the
cotton trade was in a state of great depression, the Company
imported but 12 millions of pounds of tea annually, but now
the sales amounted to upwards of 32 millions of pounds.—
(Hear, hear.) For every advantage given by Government to
the Company, the latter had paid largely to the former; and
now, when they were required to sacrifice so many advantages,
what had they been offered by way of recompense ?—(Hear.)
He thought there was .an unaccountable disparity in the mode
of calculation which had been adopted by Mr. Grant. When
on a former occasion they were negociating with Government,
he recollected with satisfaction how powerfully the pretensions
of the Company were supported by some of those individuals
who Is ere now Ministers, and he believed if he could single
out one from among their then supporters who advocated
the Company's interests more powerfully than another, it was
the father of the present Mr. Charles Grant—(Hear, hear)—but
he was sorry to perceive, that now when they stood in need of
all the support they could obtain, that they could not rank in
the files of their defenders the same name of Charles Grant.—
(Hear.) He should be sorry to allude offensively to any gen-
t leman ; but if he should have been proud at having the sup-
port of that Right Hon. Gentleman, he must be allowed to say,
that he deeply regretted that change of opinion which, it was
said, a change of circumstances had produced.—(Hear.) He
should have thought that the Charter might have been renewed
in such a way that all the changes now proposed to be effected,
might be gradually effected, instead of resorting to so great an
alteration at once. The subject was one of deep importance,
and it was necessary that they should weigh it with clear-
ness and precision, in order to come to a proper de.
termination as to how far the Court of Directors might
feel themselves warranted in recommending an acceptance

of the propositions submitted to them. The charge of
the Indian Government involved considerations of such great

moment as might make them apprehensive, that unless they
saw their way clear, and that they would still have the power of
sustaining the honour and dignity of the Company in this coun-
try and in India, they would not be justified in accepting it.
The general impression, he was persuaded, was, that the Go-
vernment of India had been an active and an useful Govern-
ment. He was glad to perceive that Mr. Grant had described
the country (India) to be rich and fertile—to possess resources
not yet explored—that its people were patient, industrious, and
improving ; and that those were pledges that there was a trea-
sure in the East, which, under a wise management, would be
more than sufficient to meet all her expenses. He knew that
the Company, who had sought for information from all quar-
ters, had shown an active zeal for the happiness of the people of
that country, and that they had—particularly lately—shown
great attention to their education.—(Hear, hear, hear.)
The Chairman of the Board of Controul had said that
many of the events that had occurred, particularly those
relating to the China trade, had arisen from time and
circumstances, but he (Mr. Twining) knew of no circumstance,
nor did he believe (his was the time to justify all those great

changes. He knew that at present there was a great disposi
tion for changes of all kinds, but he warned Governmen
against effecting great and sudden changes where immense and
valualzde interests which had so long existed were at stake.
One point seemed to have been overlooked by the gentlemen
who had communicated with the Government, and that was
the great alteration that Ix ould be made in the emporium of
London.—(Hear, hear.) What would not the port of London
suffer by the change ? It was the duty of Government to look
to the consequences of their propositions, and lessen any inju-
ries that might result from their adoption as much as they
could. Look to the immense warehouses of the Company—
look to the poor who were employed in them. There were
2,200 labourers who would by this dash of the pen be thrown
out of employment.—(Hear, hear.) On a former occasion a
petition was presented by the Company to Parliament, and he
did not see why the same course should not be adopted on the
present occasion. The petition in 1814 stated that the Company
asked not for an exclusive trade—for a monopoly, for the mere
purpose of common gain ; they were ready to become part.es to
any arrangement consistent with their rights, and which would
not deprive them of the means of fulfilling their pecuniary en-
gagements.—(Hear, hear.) He thought that if a petition were
now presented, it would gain them many supporters. The
renewal of their Charter had very appropriately been termed a
lease, and he should be glad to see it renewed in the same equi-
table way in which leases generally were.—(Hear.) There had
been remarks made upon the patronage of the Company, this
he thought a most delicate subject to touch upon; but he re-
joiced that, from the avowal of Ministers themselves, it was in-
tended to recommend to Parliament the renewal of that pa-
tronage to the Company, in consequence of the manner in which
they exercised it upon deserving objects. No less than three
instances had occurred within his knowledge where the Com-
pany had given a writership, and two appointments in the
army, to three destitute widows' sons. He stated this only by
the way of anecdote, but it showed in a most pleasing light the
motives with which the Company were actuated in the distri.
bution of their patronage. With respect to the guarantee
fund, he thought before the Company adopted the proposition
of Ministers on this subject, they ought to consider the many
hundred persons interested, who could not interfere in the deli-
berations, being infants, lunatics, or minors. He trusted,
as there seemed to be a good deal of doubt as to what would be a
sufficient sum to afford security, that this Court would take care
that it had one which would answer all purposes. He hoped
every thing would be done in the spirit of mutual concessions—
he did not like the term compromise which had been used, and
it would be remembered that the object of the meeting of the
Court was to assist rather than embarrass Ministers. He depre-
cated any measure which would lower the character of the Com-
pany in the estimation of the people of India, and on that ground,
therefore, he objected to that part of the proposed plan which
subjected them to the interference of the Board of Controul.
The Company ought to continue its power over all their civil
officers, and be enabled to rt call any of their Governors ; if the
Company were to be placed entirely under the superintendence
of the Board of Control, the worst effects miAiit result. They
would then become a mere machine, instead of a great, opu.
lent, and powerful Company.—(Hear, hear.) There was also
the subject of retrenchment certainly that ought always to be
carried as far as was safe, but it might be carried too far, and
in that there would be danger. He hoped that the discussions
of the Court would tend to strengthen the hands of the Direc-
tors, so that they might have the opportunity of making such
allowances to their defenders as was requisite. The time was
approaching when they must soon come to a determination.
There was one heavy impost that was much complained of—it
was that on tea. It was not put on by or at the instigation
of the Company. The fact was, that that impost put on by
the Government in the time of war, pressed most heavily
upon the Company. That was a proposition that could not
admit of a doubt. He trusted that with Government that
power which they unquestionably had would be used with that
spirit of moderation and justice which was likely to lead to the
interest, not only of the Company, but the public. He sincerely
thanked the Court for the patient hearing they had given him.
Mr. CA RRUTUERS would endeavour to speak on the question,
not only as stock proprietor, but as one of the British commu-
nity. He agreed as respected natives of India, he agreed with
every Hon. Proprietor who had gone before him, their happi.
ness and welfare was the first consideration that pressed upon
them, and was acknowledged by the Directors in their corre-
spondence with the President of the Board of Trade. It was
stated by the Right Honourable Baronet (Sir C. Forbes) that
the 630,0001. was the levying a new tax upon the people
of India; it was not so, it was merely a plan of the Govern-
ment to make the dividends be paid out of the assets, so that it
was from one fund in place of another. If the Right Hon.
Baronet were to sell 100,0001. of consols, and the Chairman
were to buy them, they might just as well say that it was
taxing the people of England for the dividends payable
upon them, as say that this was a new tax upon the
people of India. He did not expect that the doctrines he
was about to broach would be pleasing to those around him.
He perfectly agreed with Mr. Grant, that Government could
not recommend to Parliament the renewal of the Charter, as
respected the China trade—the people of England had made
up their minds upon that subject, and no Ministry could have
cal ried such a proposition. Petitions had poured in from every
place connected with shipping in favour of the measure, and

(PRICE 7D.)

yet, though the Court had so often been told that ,the
port of London would be ruined, yet not one petition had been
sent in against the measure. He had long ago told one of
the Court of Directors, who was now no more, that one of
their greatest errors was the preventing of the British flag from
going into China. For all these reasons it was that he thought
that Mr. Grant was right in saying that Government could not
recommend the renewal of their exclusive right of trading with
China. It had been said, that when the trade was free, the
people of England would only be supplied with trash, and on the
other hand, the merchants of England were warned to beware,
for the Hong merchants would be very cautious after they had
lost honourable customer they now had. That caution came
not well from Mr. /4PKinnon, who had made, by his caution
and discretion, a large fortune, which hehoped he might long
live to enjoy. Did he think there were no men with as much
of those qualities as himself? He would then proceed to the
last branch of the subject. He did not like the resolutions of
the Gallant General, nor did he like the amendment; he would
rather at once have seen a plain resolution brought forward
giving the further management of the whole further arrange-
ments to the Court of Directors. The people of England would
not come to compromise with a clenched fist but an open hand,
saying, " You have done so much for us, that though we must
new have part of your privileges, we will not press hard upon
you." Hedid think, however, that the President of the Board
of Control should give way to the Court on. the subject of a
security fund for the payment of the annuitants, and that a sum
of 2 millions and a half should be theminimum sum fixed upon.
Some allusions had been made about writers in India. He
had a son in that situation, and he had no hesitation in saying
that he got it from Mr. Astell, but op that account was he the
less free, or the more bound to that gentleman. He denied
that in any way.

Lieutenant-Colonel STANHOPE said it appeared to him that
it was not the question before them, at least not the great one,
the trade to China, but rather what was the best manner in
which the people of British India would be governed, whether
by the Government or the Court of Directors. He
was in favour of that power remaining in the
hands of the Directors, but he was still in favour of a
plan, which he had formerly opened in that Court, that the
patronage which they possessed should be put for sale, when
he supposed it would bring in upwards of 600,0001., and why
should not that be applied for the payment of the dividends ?
He would show by figUres that the Gallant Gentleman was
wrong in his premises, for under the monopoly system the
exports to India did not exceed one million, while under
the free trade system they amounted to upwards of

four millions ; while the number of tons employed
and the number of seamen had also as much increased. The
Hon. and Gallant General was in favour of settling in India,
but it was a very singular kind of settlement ; he wished that
no one but respectable people might go out—he might be
assured that no other class would go out, from the great ex-
pense attendant on the going out, and the low rate of wages

m that country. The Learned Gentleman (Mr. R. Jackson)
had declaimed much against a free press, but his arguments

totally failed, for he did not seem to be aware that a free
press was fostered by Lord William Bentinck ; that it existed
in Madras and Ceylon without any ill effects. He did not ap-
prove of the Government plan as regarded despatches; they had
enough of power before ; neither could he agree with them in
taking from the Directors the power of recalling officers who
did not please them. The Court of Proprietors had a perfect
right to dispose of their assets as they thought proper, and
place them in the most safe manner they thought proper That
part of Mr. Grant's letter was most casuistical and
jesuitical. The Learned Gentleman had entered into a golden
dream as to the manner in which the Company might carry
on the trade they now did. In his opinion the scheme was as
wild a one as Raleigh's celebrated South Sea one, and the end
of it would be that they would get into the meshes of the
lawyers, the fee gatherers—CA laugh)—as Mr. Bentham
called them, and the end would be ruin and bankruptcy.

As he could not now move a set of resolutions he gave

notice of a set that he was almost sure the Court would
join in which would be a gratification to him, as it was very

seldom he had been so honoured. They were to the effect, that
that Court approved of the abolition of the China monopoly—
that the Court considered that the assets of the Com-
pany were quite sufficient to pay both the dividends and
capital; therefore the Company was entitled to a com-
pensation that would insure those ends—that the security
offered by the Government to the annuitants, viz.
on the revenues of India was insecure, on account of the
chance of wars, &c. that might ensue—that so far from that
mode of payment cementing the interests of the governors and
the governed, the end would be directly the reverse, by in-
creasing the taxation on British India—that that Court was
sure the Directors would not sanction any measure that was
contrary to the principles of justice, and therefore it left the
further arrangement of the matter with the Government to the
Court of Directors.

SHEPPARD, Esq., addressed the Court at considerable

length a;ainst the Government propositions, and gave notice
of a motion, which he would propose at the proper time,
to the effect that, to secure a source of remittances from In-
dia, so much of the assets of the Company as might allow them
to trade along with the public in the article of tea, might be
set aside as would allow the Company to effect that object.
Mr. May: moved the adjournment of the Court till to-mor-
row at twelve o'clock, which was agreed to.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, APRIL 18.

On the LORD CHANCELLOR taking his seat,
The third reading of the. Irish Jury Bill, and the
Locil Court's Bill was postponed.
The Duke of RICHMOND presented thirteen petitions
praying for the abolition of slivery.
The Earl of ROSEBERRY pre•enteri petitions against
church patron ge trom Perth and Fife.
Toe Earl of MORLEY presented petitions for the abo-
liti n of slavery trout several parishes in Devon.
The Earl of WICKLOW ',resented petitions from three
parishes in Ireland.
The Earl of RADNOR present-d a petition from the
Wi sleyan Methodists of Inverness, and of St. Anthony's
Chapel, Northumberland; and front several other places
in Suffolk.

- -
A NOBLE LORD presented a petition from the Baptists at
Dias, in N.,rlolk, prayingfor the abolition of slivery, and
that the provisions of the Bill fir preventtog the profana-
tion of the Sabbath might be extended to Ireland. Also,
a petition horn Cnittley. in Betki, praying that negroes
[nay enjoy the privilege of Christian worship ; and another
from Ashford, Kent, praying for the repeal of the odious
tax upon o,alt.
Lord BARHAM presented petitions for the imme-
diate abolition of colonial slavery, from the parishes of
Martini, in Kent, and of Leake, in the county of Lincoln.
The Earl of RADNOR gave notice, that on Monday
next he should move the second reading of the Stafford
Bribery Bill.
The Marquess of CLANRICARDE presented a petition
against the Bill.
The Bishop of NORWICH presented various petitions
praying for the better observance of the Sabbath.
Mr. TOOKE, and other Members of the House of
Common•, brought up several private bills.
A Nont.E LORD presented a petition from the Magia•
trates of Bedfordshire, praying the House to amend the
provisions of the beer Bill.

Lord DACRE presented a petition from a parish in
Essex praying that Methodists be relieved from ad church
rates and dues.

The Bishop of LANDAFF presented a petition from
the minister and congregation of Percy Chapel, St. Pan-
cra,., for the better t.bservance of the Sabbath.
Lord SUFFIELD presented forty-eight petitions,
all praying for the totrl and immediate abolition
of negro slavrry, from the Pre-byterian congregation
and Synod of 131 ides; from the inhabitants of Paisley;
several pa, ishes in Somersetshire ; Shipton, and other
t.thtr places, in Norfolk; Warren, in Shropshire; 4bing-
dun ; the Protestant Dissenters of London an-I Middlesex;
limn the inhabitants of Warwick, Lisgean, Palston, and
several places in Cutnherland ; fro:n the Wesleyan Me-
thodists of Northumberland; from the inhabitants of
Arthur's Hid, Wycan, and other places in Northumberland.
The Marine and Army Mutiny 81l went through
Committ.e. .

The House then went into Committee on the Privy
Council Bill. After a few alterations were introduced
into it, at the stugestion of Lord WYNFORD, the Howe
adjourned till half-past three to-morrow.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, Ar.um IS.
The SPEAKER. resumed his seat a few m►nutes alter five
o'clock

Mr. O'CONNELL gave notice that on Monday next,
prior to the House going into a Committee ot Supple, he
would move for the appoultment of a Select Committee
to enquirt.
' whether the county of Kilkenny was in such a
state of disturbance as jibrifi,,d the Lord Lieutenant of
Ireland in proclaiming it, and applying the operation ot
the new Act to it.
