ithe galln+

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, MAY 24, 1837.

In the House of Lords yesterday the Earl of RADNOR, on
presenting a petition from the Under-Graduates of the Univer-
sity of Cambridge, praying for a revision of the statutes,
took occasion to ask the Duke of WELLINGTON whether any
College Reform was in progress at Oxford ? This question
led to some conversation, for a full report of which we must
refer to our Parliamentary intelligence. It will be seen that
the Duke of WELLINGTON'S reply was not distinguished by
much distinctness; " he believed that a very general desire
existed to effect such alterations as appeared necessary."
On the motion of the Earl of WICKLOW, a copy was ordered
of the letter written by Mr. SENIOR to Lord J. RUSSELL, and
all other communications which had passed between them, on
the subject of the 3d and 4th Reports of the Poor Law Com.
missioners in Ireland.
On the motion of Lord ABINGER, the Limitation of Actions
Amendment Bill was read a second time.
In the House of Commons Sir W. MOLESWORTH presented
a petition from Mr. SHERIDAN against Mr. BROADWOOD'S re-
turn for Bridgewater, on the ground that bribery and corrup-
tion had been practised during the late election.
The valuable time of the House was then wasted by Sir
ANDREW AGNEW, who pertinaciously evinced a determination
to renew a discussion upon the already decided question of
using railway. on Sundays. Sir R. PEEL'S remarks on the
subject we•e characterised by sound sense throtighout, and
his expressed opinion that encouragement of a better observ-
ance of the Sabbath was necessary, but that it should be by
the promotion of religious feeling, is in strict unison with the
sentiments ere have always maintained. Sir ANDREW subse-
quently gave' notice that he should move for leave to bring
In a Bill to prevent travelling on Sunday on any railroad in
Scotland. The Glasgow, Paisley, and Greenock Railway
Bill was then read a second time without the prohibitory
clause sought to be introduced by Sir ANDREW AGNEW.
There succeeded some conversation between Mr. ROEBUCK
and the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, about granting a
Royal Charter to the Banks of Lower Canada, and to the
North American Bank.
From what fell from Lord Jour.; RUSSELL relative to an
adjournment of the House, Mr. ROEBUCK concluded that it
was understood the House should adjourn over to-morrow,
" but (said Mr. ROEBUCK) the noble lord was aware that the
house never sat on a Thursday, when it was the Derby day.
erhaps, therefore, the noble lord would give them two holy_
days."

The adjourned debate on the Church-rate Bill was then re-
sumed, and did not terminate till Three o'Clock this morning,
when the Ministerial measure was carried.
The numbers were—
For the Resolution..
Against it

287
282

Majority
••,,, I

Her. Royal Highness the Princess VICTORIA,
luiress presumptive to the Throne, attains her majo-
rity this day—an auspicious event which will diffuse
universal joy throughout the kingdom. The city of
London has very properly set the example of offering
an allress of congratulation on the occasion, Mr.
WiLsoN who proposed the motion observing, " with
every wish that the reign of the present SOVEREIGN
should he of long duration, it was a matter of pleas-
ing anticipation that he would in all probability be
succeeded by one who had been born, and nurtured,
and educated in England ; and under the care of a
Mother, with whose domestic virtues the people of this
country were acquainted. He trusted that in the young
PRINCESS the nation would one day have a Queen,
whose name might be placed next to that of ELizA-
-13 ETII without any abatement of reputation or glory,
and he rejoiced that the Pitt NCEsS was so entirely
English in her manners, habits, anti feelings."
In the justice and good feeling which prompted these
remarks, we cordially coincide—more especially in that
portion of them where the speaker expresses his fer-
vent hope, that the " reign of the present SOVEREIGN
tnay be of long duration." In our sanguine anticipations
of the future, weshould not forget the present or the past.
In looking forward cheerfully, and in a spirit of just ex-
pectation, to the public acts of the future Queen
VICTORIA, we should not forget those of the reigning
WILLIAM. If hope is for the one, memory is for
the other. If the one shall enable us to reap the full
harvest of Reform, we must never forget that it was
the other who sowed the seeds. WILLIAM the Re-
former is a name clear to us all—a name surrounded
with a sacred halo in our imagination--a name that
we can never cease to recall with gratitude and venera-
tion, as long as we cherish a desire to fulfil our duties
as citizens and subjects.
Still the time must arrive, and that at no distant
period, when our present Monarch—the most benefi-
cent that ever swayed the British sceptre, whose whole
reign hitherto has been one continued blessing to his
people—the time must arrive when he must descend
to the tomb of his ancestors ; and loOking forward,
with regret, to that period, it may not be amiss if we
indulge in a few remarks on the duties that devolve on

as peculiar, as they are onerous, in their
is not to be denied that the age in which
VICTORIA lives, and which she will one
upon to influence, is an age of unusua

transition, Oki h'ithils are breaking up ; old prejudices
4way ; events arc following events with un-
ex7mpled rapidity ; the fountains of the rgtett t 1 c}i nee
stirred ; and to arrest 0113 IttiVerni agitation, or force
back public nplition into its old sleepy channel?;'; I'l6
ktger possible. The reign, thr_nrOie, of VICTORIA
must, of neeessitn 11;Z, one of continued movement—of
coutitmtd progress in the path of national imwett,
merit. She must belong ertsentiAy to lie age ; and
unlike the third and fourth GEORGES, be led to h'ek•
tleti'ons by the interests of the rettl'it, instead of by
the precedents of the ,r.§l. More especially must her
sympatli;vltVe with the Many, rather than with the rew.
She must be the Queen of Grtat Britain, not the head
of the Aristocracy, To support the Corinthian
; but the foundation of the sricial edifice, which
is the People, is the first thing that should be looked to.

The education that the Princess VICTORIA has re-
ceived leads us to the conclusion that, when the oppor-
tunity arrives, she will realize all the fondest wkhes of
her subject.!, She has not been kept proudly and
jealously aloof from the people ; but has mingled fa-
miliarly with them ; accustomed herself to their habits ;
and been taught to take a deep interest in their welfare.
She has not been led to believe in the doctrine of divine
right and passive obedience ; but in the wholesome,
constitutional creed, that Monarchs sway the sceptre
exclusively for the benefit of those over whom ,the law
has given them authority. English by birth, she is
strictly English at heart. No prejudices of foreign
growth ; no lurking habits of despotism, fostered by
acquaintance with the habits of small German Princi-
palities, where the ruler is all in all, stand between her
and the broad sunshine of popularity. It is her
proudest and sincerest boast that she is in every respect
an Englishwoman.

Thus recommended, we feel assured that the reign of
VlCTORlA—distant, far distant be its date I—will be
one of unceasing advantage to her people. She will
follow with eager steps in the path of WILLIAM the
Reformer; and like him receive, not the cold, extorted
homage, but the heart-felt gratitude of all who own
her sway. The example of ELIZA BETII will kindle
in her mind a generous spirit of emulation ; and when
—her glorious task accomplished—she is gathered to
the great anti good of past ages, she will leave behind
her a name on which the historian will dwell with
pride, and her subjects never recal without a tear.
In no presumptuous spirit have we been led to offer
these remarks : but simply because we thought them
not inappropriate on a day like the present, when the
voice of joy is loud throughout the kingdom ; when
hope points smilingly to the future ; and when in town
and country, from the palace to the hut, wherever
England's dominion is recognized, and England's
language spoken, the thoughts of all—the wishes of
all—the sanguine anticipations of all—are directed as
to one common centre, to our present Princess and
future Queen, VICTORIA. May she long live to
justify this strong national interest in her favour, and
when she dies, may " Goodness and She fill up one
monument !"

The House of Commons came to a vote last night
on the Church-rate question, when the Ministerial
measure was carried by a majority of five. We do
not conceal our disappointment at the smallness of
this majority, and the country, we are sure, will par-
ticipate in our feeling. How Honourable Members
could reconcile it with their public duty, to absent them-
selves from the House on an occasion which so impera-
tively demanded their attendance, it is not for us to con-
jecture. They must answer it to their constituents and
that in all probability at no distant day. We can only
express our hope that the men who have so basely
betrayed the cause of justice and religious liberty, will
at the proper time meet with their due reward. It is
the duty of the Dissenters, in particular, to mark their
sense of the conduct of those who have shirked this
great question. Immediate steps should be taken by
them to organise local associations, for the purpose of
giving their support at a future election to such candi-
dates only as are prepared to vote for the abolition of
an impost, which is no less discreditable to those who
receive it, than it is unjust and oppressive to those who pay
it. Some such organisation as this—some effectual me•
thod of bringing the full strength of the Dissenting in-
terest to bear upon the Church-rate question, must,
we conceive, sooner or later have been resorted to. The
division of last night is the strongest possible argu-
ment for its instant adoption.
There was little worthy of notice in the debate which
preceded the division. The subject has been already
so fully discussed, that it seems next to impossible to
suggest an argument possessing the least claim to no-
velty on either side. The speeches may differ in length,
or in the arrangement of their matter, or one speaker
may exchange materials with another ; but when we
come to examine the general result, we find no-
thing but the decies repiti!a—without the placcbil.
Sir JANIES GRAHAM was as ponderous, as if he
had had all the lead mines of Cumberland in his belly ;
and every attempt on the part of the Right Honour-
able Baronet to interrupt, by what he imagined a bril-
liant sally, the sonorous indications of unconscious-
ness which assailed his ear from all parts of the House,
proved utterly in vain. At last he gave it up for a
bad job, and proceeded in his old jog-trot way, 'quali-
fying every now and then his staple dulness with a
hearty spice of religious rancour.

Sir ROBERT PEEL'S was about as unsuccessful a
piece of special pleading as ever passed from his lips—.
and that is saving a good deal. We see a laborious
and even strained effort, ending in no result, or at least
in no adequate result, and are irresistibly reminded of
the mountain in labour.

Mr. C. Bur, LER entered into some statistical details
calculated to show the absurdity of the clamour about
the want of Church accommodation, by the fact, that
there is at this moment in almost all parts of
the Metropolis a great deal of vacant accom-
modation in the Churches. But the only truly
excellent speech of the night was that of
Lord JOHN RUSSELL, to which we request the care-
ful attention of our readers. They will there find a
complete refutation of all the factious and sophistical
objections advanced against the Ministerial measure,
and one of the happiest exposures we ever saw of po-
litical tergiversation in the remarks which the Noble
Lord addressed to the Westminster apostate.

TL joy of the Tories in the Commons this morn-
ing, on the announcement of the division, exceeded all
ordinary bounds. There has been no scene equal to it
in that House for many year. 3. The countenances of
Mr. GoULBURN, Mr. CHARLEs Ross, and Sir G.
CLERK were peculiarly refulgent—even Sir R. PEEL
and Lord STANLEY displayed all the extravagance of
the delightful surprise of schoolboys—the inferior
class, more particularly the renegades, xvere frantic, and
shouted and waved their hats, as if they saw in the
dream of the moment the ‘. proximate Prime Minister"
already seated on the Treasury Bench. The Liberals
can well spare them this temporary and casual triumph.
For more than six long years have they been doomed
to the most dismal penance—scarcely a ray of hope has
during all that time dawned on their care-worn coun-
tenances, and to grudge them a little momentary relief,
under such circumstances, would betoken a hardness
heart, and n want of brotherly charity, quite alien to
the feelings and character of their opponents. For
the sake of their future peace and comfort, however,
let them not be too much elated, but consider soberly
what it really is which they have gained. A question
involving the personal interest of a number of Liberal
Members and their con§tituents and after the most

I deceitful and dishonourable means hare been resorted
to for !t+e pitT;ise of in ,sicading the public, has been
buried, in a Parliament chosen 'Nry Admi:
tiistia.Cont by iti.a:ldity or only {lye. Have they any
reason to be proud of such a result ? On the first
division, tile majority was smaller than oil any great
otustioo for tl!r hitt i.Wo veafs ; atid Mich We look at
the clel'ectiOu I'6'o of hEAflEii, and
the rettirn by die grossest bribery—
the vacancy for Glasgow by the resignation of Mr.
OSWALD—the absence of General EVANS, anti the
il!ness of stvtral Ministerial stipporfeit, With thohi
none of the Members in flit oppositt party would pair
off, no great sheprise need exist that the majority is
81 small. Had there even been a majority against
Ministers, there would not, under all eirenmetanees,
have been any real grounds for this frantic exulta-
tion of the Tories and the Apostates. When they
werc in office with a House of Commons elected under
Treasury influence—when they had the favour of the
Court—the support of the House of Louis, and nearly
the whole of the Clergy and. public officers of almost
every description—aid they gain one division ? And
during the two years that the Whigs have been in
power, have they lost one, on any Ministerial measure ?
That is the real light to view the question in, and when
the Tories and their new allies view it thus dispassion-
ately, they will find it prudent to moderate their exces-
sive joy. But they will only be thoroughly convinced
by the results of a general election. The sooner that
occurs the better. Though the very circumstance of a
Ministry being able to carry on the affairs of the coun-
try with s Parliament chosen under hostile influence
shows to careful observers the strength of their party,
yet something more palpable is required to con-
vince not only the great body of the public, but persons
in influential quarters, who bear no good will to the
MELBOURNE Administration. The Tories may rest
assured that Lord MELBOURNE is not to be fright-
ened by what they consider a victory, and that it must
be some occurrence of a very different kind which will
compel him to hand over the Irish people, who have so
faithfully supported him, to the tender mercies of their
bitterest enemies

From a speech made by Saint ANDREW AGNEW,
in the House of Commons last night, in support of an
absurd proposition for saddling all Scotch Railway
Bills with a clause against Sunday travelling, it would
seem that Scotch steam carriages, like Irish bogs, are
gifted with a power of voluntary locomotion, and that
they occasionally traverse the country without the aid
of human agency. " I can assure his MAJESTY'S
Ministers," observed the pious and Honourable Ba-
ronet, " that there is one universal wish through.
out the country, that railroad travelling on Sun-
days should be prevented." If this assurance be
correct, the people of Scotland can have no hand in
the desecration of the Sabbath ; and therefore a law
upon the subject, intended to affect them in any way,
is manifestly preposterous. Steam Companies do not
drive their vehicles for sport ; and even if they did,
where would be the injury to the morals of a people
that would neither occupy nor employ them ? It ap-
pears evident, therefore, that the saintly Member for
Wigtonshire aims only at the repression of the volun-
tary but graceless vagaries of Scotch steam-carriages ;
and, were his proposition adopted, we should not be
surprised to hear of his presenting Parliament with
some legislative concoction for preventing the Sab-
bath roamings of the Milesian bogs, so noted for their
irreligious Sunday evening frolics.
But, seriously speaking, the country grows sick of
the cant of Sabbath legislation. The people of Scot-
land are the most observant of the Sabbath of any
people in the world ; and we consider it an insult to
them to propose that Parliament shall pass laws to
prevent them from. desecrating a day which they
exceed all nations in keeping holy. If the
people of Scotland be as strict on the ques-
tion of the observance of the Sabbath as they
are represented to be, they can easily, of them-
selves, prevent all Sundaylravelling, without the inter-
fercnce of the Legislature ; and if they be not so strict,
legislative coercion will only make them hypocrites and
impostors. All legislation on the subject of the ob-
servance of the Sabbath tends to weaken the religious
sentiments of the people, by mixing up a divine
ordinance with the measures of a Government, and in
some sort, substituting a human for a divine law—a
penalty of five pounds for the threatened wrath of the
" Lord of the Sabbath."

Even the Tories begin to be disgusted with Sir
ANDREW AGNEW'S repeated attempts at Sabbath legis-
lation, although for political reasons they have hitherto
countenanced his fanatical freaks in that way. It was
only a few days ago that Sir GEo. MURRAY boasted
that Lord JOHN R USSEL'S opposition to Sir ANDREW
would cost Ministers the Glasgow election ; and yet,
when Sir ROBERT PEEL rose in the House of Com-
mons last night, and with great good sense denounced
the Agnewite Sunday policy of the Saints, Sir GEORGE
was not ashamed to unsay all that he had said in sup-
port of Scotch Sabbath legislation. This is a sample
of the political consistency, and the boasted strong
religious sentiments, of the Tory understrappers. For
our own part, we would rather see the Minis-
ters defeated in Glasgow than see them stoop
to hypocritical artifices, to win the votes of
a few bigots among the electors. But we have no
fears upon • this head. We know that before the
article which we arc now writing reach Glasgow, the
electoral body shall have proved themselves worthy of
the opinion which the Liberals of England and Ire-
land entertain of their intelligence and integrity.

By the arrival at FAhnouth of his IVIA4EsTv's brig
Pantaloon, from Lisbon, whence she sailed on the I.sth
inst., we have received advices from Portugal, an-
nouncing the dissolution of the Ministry. This unex-
pected event, which has thrown the country into a
state of great excitement, ostensibly arose out of a
division in the Cortes, in which Ministers were defeated,
on the question of granting salaries to six Under Se-
cretaries of State. The Ministerial proposition was
rejected by a majwity of 47 against 39 votes ; after
which M. PASSOS, accompanied by hjs colleagues,
waited upon the QUEEN, and insisted upon giving in
their resignations. Her MAJESTY was taken com-
pletely by surprise, and it was the general opinion that
she would experience great difficulties in the re-con-
struction of a Cabinet capable of carrying on the public
business, and supplying by credit the deficiency in the
revenue. By many it was believed that M. PAssos
was glad of some pretext for resigning, as he began to
be convinced that his financial projects would all break
down, leaving him exposed to the malice of the Court
and the hatred of the people. The following is a copy
of the last financial measure which he submitted to the
Cortes before his retirement ; but upon the expediency
of which the opinion of the Chamber was not taken
when Ministers resigned ;
“ In my expose of the 24th of April, I stated to you that did
deficit in the revenue, to the 30th of June in the present year,
amounted to 6,717 contos, which, with 1,835 contos due to the
Bank, forms a sum of 8,552 contos, to face which it is neces-
sary to raise sufficient means.
" Whatever measures the Cortes may adopt to cover the
deficit for next year, calculated at 1,923 contos, they will not
have accomplished their arduous mission so long as the back
deficit continues to exist.

" The payment of anterior expenses and redemption of the
mortgaged public resources are objects worthy of the greatest
solicitude on the part of the Cortes ; for if so great an evil
be not promptly remedied, it will be impossible for the Go.
vernment to fulfil its engagements, whether at horns or abroad.
" I need not remind the Cortes how disadvantageous is the
situation of a Government which has long been destitute of
means to pay its creditors, and often unable to pay even the
most urgent and indispensable expenses.
" It being impossible, either by retrenchment, by taxes, or

by thy; slow and Oifilcolt, sale, ,t,b,e.natlon.al, property, to ob-
tain, thC means of covering the deficit, eniCdiatciel fo the f:ltlth
of JufiC neat,. reSotiree,rematris, and that is a loan.
" I loinvi. th:tt the t-tite ct afkdir4 in Spain, the Consequent
depreciation of our funds, and the pror:is:oiiil, of our
constitutional organisation, are obstacles which must prevent
us from raising a loan at the present moment upon advanta-
rtmos terms but there heinff no other wpyof saving the coun-
try front the flidst dt'caciftii public ta6mitiet, neeesS!ty must
rdree,tis to i'Olke a gaerifle,:,
11 tlitrettire piiipEiSe that the tiovertiriiefit ittithofised to
contract, at home or abroad, a loan for such attic:tint as tfill
produce 8,552 contos (two millions sterling) in money. This
authorisation being voted, it rests with the Cortes to provide
teals and means for the current year, whether by taxation, or
by faiMng the Etrnottht of thepropqactl loan to such sum as will
be stiflidient to cover, not only the deficit, but tile expenditure
and the interest on the same loan for the first year.

( Signed) "M. DA SIL.VA PASSOS,
" Lisbon, May 6."

The prospect which this financial proposition opens
to the view of such as aspire to the direction of affairs
in Portugal is most repulsive ; nor are we surprised to
find it credited, that the ex-Minister was frightened
into a resignation, to escape the responsibility to which
its adoption would subject. him. As everything which
has reference to the financial condition of Portugal is
highly important to British capitalists, we readily
'ransfer to our columns the following remarks upon M.
PAssoss proposition from the Lisbon correspondence
of a Morning Contemporary

" As the determination of the Finance Minister to have re-
course to this expedient, now that the last extremity is at
hand, was already known for some days, the only revelation
contained in his fine confessions' is that the sum to be
borrowed is to be, not two millions, but what will produce two
or three millions; which, from the low state of the credit of
this Government, may be five, six, or seven millions sterling.
You will perceive, from the third article of the project, that
some branch of the revenue is to be offered to the lenders as a
guarantee. Now, in order that the English people, to whom
this proposal is to be made, may know in what sort of a
bottom they are invited to embark their capital, let rue just
enumerate the various branches of the Portuguese revenue.
Firstly, there is the receipt of Customs, which is mortgaged in
Colo to the end of next September, an], in part, for six months
longer. Nextly, there is the land-tax, which the Government
have not ventured to collect anywhere but in the immediate
vicinity of the large towns, as the people of the rural districts
can only be kept quiet by not being troubled with applications
on that score. Thirdly, the sum of 300,0001. annually paid by
the tobacco contractors for their monopoly, and of which the
greater part has been taken up in advance to the end of 1838.
The other resources are too insignificant to be worth notice ;
and as for that once-boasted mine of wealth, the ' national
property,' Mr. Passos himself acknowledges that its sale is
both difficult and slow, the fact being that the only saleable
part of it is gone long ago in exchange for paper tit tiles.
The whole of these together leave an annual deficit of about
466,0001., in spite of all that it has been possible to do in the
way of clipping and paring in the expenditure ; and the con-
sequence has been that every now and then, when the troops
begin to clamour loudly for their pay, the Government has
been forced to raise a domestic loan on the most usurious
terms to meet the pressing exigency of the moment. Their
plan on such occasions is to issue bonds at a discount of 150 or
more per cent., which being admissible in full payment of du-
ties at the Custom.house, is but a mode of drawing in ad-
vance upon that department."

The whole of the French Papers of Monday have
been received. They bring no intelligence from Spain
of a later date than the accounts published yesterday.
The Moniteur contains a series of Royal Ordinances,
announcing a number of official appointments, none of
which appear to have been dictated by political consi-
derations. The following extracts include all that is
of any interest to English readers in these journals
The route taken by Don Sebastian is at length known, and,
in spite of the Carlists' boasting, that Prince is far from having
effected the passage of the Ebro. He has lost the advantage
of the advance of fifty hours, which he had before his departure
from Hernani was known to the Queen's Generals. These,
and particularly Irribarren, were prepared to dispute his pas-
sage. It is authentic that the Infante arrived in the evening
of the 13th at Huarte Araquil, with 11 battalions, 4 squa-
drons, and 9 pieces of artillery ; he passed the night there,
after detaching 3 battalions on Echauri, to reconnoitre the ford
of the Arga, which is always well guarded. The next day he
quitted Huarte Araquil, and marched towards Estella, and on
the 15th was in tke neighbourhood of that town. General
Irribarren, who returned from Pampeluna to Puente la Reyna
on the 12th, was informed of the movements of the Carlists,
and put himself, on the 14th, in communication with General
Buerens, who is at Logrono with 10,000 men. On the 15th,
the communications of General Irribarren extended as far as
Vittoria, where another division was stationed. The day pre-
vious all the troops of Pampeluna left, with the Governor, to
join the Viceroy of Navarre on the Ebro, the fords and bridges
of which were watched by moveable columns, ready to concen-
trate at the first signal, and face the Infante. There is, then,
every reason to believe that the project of incursion of the
Carlists into Castile will not be realized without a battle,
which they have no interest in seeking, in points where they
have no retreat, in case of a check.—Phare de Bayonne, of
the 18th inst.

No telegraphic despatches to-day.
A letter from St. Sebastian of the 15th, says, that the
attack of Tolosa was announced for the following day ; but
letters from Bayonne of the 17th say that the Carlist division,
commanded by Guibelalde, Iturriaga, Iturizza, and Vargus,
defended the ground inch by inch at Ardouin, between Hernani
and Tolosa.

The Infant, Don Sebastian, was on the 14th at Estella, and
his troops far from having passed the Ebro were, before the
15th, in La Borunda. This we find word•for-word in a letter
from Bayonne of the 17th, coming from a quarter where all
that passes in the Carlist camp may be known.
On the other hand, General Irribarren writes on the 14th,
in the evening, from Puente la Reyna, that he is able to pre-
vent the Carlists from passing the Ebro.
The inhabitants were returning to Hernani, and to the vil-
lages frum which they fled at the approach of the Christinos.
In the late actions a white and red standard was taken from the
Ca lists.

The journal of the Eastern Pyrenees of the 13th states that
the communication between Peniscola and Valencia being im-
passable by land, the Captain-General applied to the com-
mander of the brig Alert, of the Royal Navy of France, to
take on board a detachment of artillery, and convey it from
Peniscola to Valencia. This request was readily agreed to,
and the ship sailed on the sth of May.
General Gourgaud, Aid-dc-Camp to the King, commis-
sioned by his Majesty to receive the Princesses of Mecklenburg
Schwerin at the frontier, left Paris this morning at ten o'clock,
Kith ono of his aide-de-camps.---Le Commerce.
The Journal de la Guienne publishes the following let-
ters

" BAYONNE, May 16.—1 t is known that in the night of the
11th, a Colonel seat by Cabrera arrived at the head quarters at
liernani, and that an hour afterwards the troops were on their
way to Tolosa ; and that on the 12th, in the evening, they
-were on the road to Lecumberry.
" TOLOSA, MAY 13.-1 drew our attention some days ago
to the great events that are preparing. In the night of the
11th the Infante ordered the battalions under arms. Two pair
of shoes were given to each man, and immediately they set
out on their march. The troops that left Ilernani were com-
posed of ten battalions. Yesterday the Infante, with his troops,
the Staff, the cavalry, and a respectable train of artillery,
passed through this town, taking the road of Navarre by way
of Lecumberry. The soldiers were animated with the greatest
enthusiasm."

Another letter from the same town, of the same date says:
—" Yesterday morning, at one o'clock, the 3d, 4th, and sth
battalions of Alava began to defile through this town ; they
were soon followed by the grenadiers, the Ist of Castile, two
Arragonese battalions; in all ten battalions, four squadrons o
cavalry, the artillery, &c., his Royal Highness, his Staff, and
all the Generals. There remain on the lines only Giubelalde,
lturizza, Vargus, with the eight battalions of Guipuscoa, two
of Navarre, and two of Biscay. They have withdrawn the
artillery from the linen, and thus left the road open to the
Christinos."—Gdzette de France.

FRENCH FUNDS 111 AV 2?.

Five per Cents., lufif. sc. 15c. 20c. 25c.
Four per Cent., 93f.
'c per Cents., '7of 10c. Inc. 2"c.
Rank Actions. 2,43" f.
ftente cle Naples, siif 55c. 00c.
Roman Five per Cents., 101.
Spanish Actives, 25% 2A.
Spanish Differes, 9
Spanish Passives, 51i 0 3,1'4.
B Van Loan, five per Cents., 101%14.
Portuguese Loan, Three per Cents,
EXCDANGP. ON LoNDON.
One month, paper, 2.5 k. 35c ; money, 25'. 35c
Three months, paper. —t. —c.; money, 251. 15c
•-• Coat's Autheriliaue
LAST PRICES.
Five per Cents.. Litlf,
Three per Cents. 79f. 25e.
Bank Actions, 20301
Itente de Naples, 99f. 70c.
Homan Five per Cents., 1011 i.
Belgian Loan, 101%.
Brussels Plank, 1,4271. 50e.
Portuguese Three per Cents., ao
Spanish Actives, a
Spanish Passives 54.
D.frcrcs, 7%.
New Difrercs, 9,
Belgian Society, 1,030 f.

A foreigner in America expressing his surprise that
the passengett 4n board a steam-boat should leave their beds
in a foggy morning at four o'clotko to watch till eight the ap-
pearance of the place to which they were destined, a fellow-
traveller replied, "If you knew my countrymen you would
think it but a matter of course, that in order to arrive at nine
they should rise at four. It is the nature of on American to
be always in fear lest his neighbour should arrive before him.
If one hundred Americans were about to be shot, they would
begin for precedence, such are their habits of competition."
Died on the 15th ult., Faude Fergerson, a free
black of the mandingo nation, aged 130 years. He was ori-
ginally brought from Africa, a slave, but, like the rest of his
countrymen, by dint of industry he soon obtained his freedom.
It is a singular fact and worthy of remark, that on the Ist of
August, 1834, there was not a single individual of the Man-
dingo nation in slavery on this island, they having all become
free by their own exertions, industry, and good conduct.—
figbart Town Paper.

CHANCERY COURT.-(THIS D►AV.)

'the Lotto eiLifri..4.c7P it in his Court at Westminst67
to=day and took Cause and LLinA:k4, Petition,

COURTS FOR THE EASTERN DlViS;(:iff O ALOUCE,TER.

CT;ettlOitrin who yesterday applied to his tionett the
Vice-Chancellor with reef .t't to the Manorial Courts of the
Eastern Division of the County of Glot:cezter, this morning
erpenred before the Lord Chancellor at the gittins of the
Court, ortkr to rrnew his application before his Lordship,
The LORD CtiAtiaLLOß—. Are there any proceedings before
the Coiirt
The Applicant—'Ve.s, my Lord, a Petition whieti h” been
presented to your Lordship reqtinting that a mandamus might
i sue to the Custos-rutulorum of the County of Gloucester to
a;:sist the Crown Freeholder in establishing his Court,
The Lotto CHANCELLOR-1 have no jurisdiction in thc
matter.

The Applicant—Then, my Lord, what course am Ito take?
Your Lordship sits here as the representative of the King.
The Loot) CHANCELLOR—I have told you I have no juris-
diction. (To the lie'gistrar)—Call on the next case.
The applicant then withdrew, apparently not very well satin-
fled by the reception he had met with from the Court.

EV, s• - •- -
: thi 4
..it cces.or.
-,,
...., ---,-.7----- are
~\
•- . .
._ -,----J-.4tUt it
V 'ii-f.l-4er -.l*- .43;" 6 i
s ,
11-LTa-iy.. - .-.--' 4
~..
.i. 4 .
sy,
4,,
~..4\.• A..,
. .... _
