afterwards at a aisai vantage, whertthey. *cilia have
tomake a stand against future'deiriands. He bleed to
see his way in What he .granted, and thoi it was
osefol to those to whom it was to be granted. The
History of -Ireland awarded a ntinaber -of, insfancea
of loose and general -concessions but in saking this,
he acknowledged that the greater part :of, the cOO.
cessions had been itisely'and. properly. Made. .1-1 e
was no friend to the syetern that.had previously pre.,
veiled, which he thought extretely oppressive and
severe. Nothing but the. -roost pressing necessity
could jUstify . such a system. It was' remarkable
that up to the periods between treo and t7BO,
from the Revolution, whilst that system was in
force, -that thane there was a new.family on the
Throne, find two formible Rebellions had taken
place in 'Great Britain, the Irish Catholics had re.
twitted tranquil,- anti taat since. the system of con-
cession had. been idoeted, disturbances had taken-
plage. The Noble Baron had said, that the con.
cessions had been gradual, and that one cericessioo
had led to another as. a proof of:the WisdoM of such
a syslem. But though a friend to- coneession,, he
did not, approVe of such a is ruiner of granting it,
nor of the time. A saeady system of policy would
afford the best chance of.-securing the ;tranquillity
of any Country, but particularly of-Ireland. This
was the principle' Upon • every wise Sys.
tern of Government ought to be regulated. It
might, be thought' that a Government should 'feel -an .
indifference with respe& to any Religion : but that
was a .charatter which did nut belong to the Go.
e"ernmeot -of this Country, nor to that of any: free
State.. With the exception ofone or two instances,
:he Magistracy were uniformly of the Est aldidled Re.
ligion of theStete. In the antient Republic of At balsa':
the Magi-orates ,weee obitged to -take an Oath to
observe the n Rites'of the State. -'l!,e same
war-the case at Rome. I.t.had been in Fiollatid,.
whose Government resembled a mixed Monarchy ;
and it had also beer the case in. Poland, the Go.
I,ernUl'eni. of which - had been ettually a mixed
Monaechy. In the Cantons 'of Swilierland also,
whether • Protestant or Nosh, . the Maoist-rates
were were necessarily 'it" the State Religion. It had:
also been the opinion of that truly great man, who
had delivered us .froro oppreasion, arid slavery, that
the Magistracy of a Country should be of the reli-
giott est ,blr red to it. - This then had.beer) the prin.
cip;e: of all free. countries.. A, to the eXeeptions,
the Frea.cli Republic no hunger eitisted, anti- the des.
putic Government that has succeeded ha's re.es.
tablicd oe ratigion of the State. :The Anher in.
,ranee ‘4,314 of far more
,importance, as 'existing in
the United States America. But from all he could
learn f%om t. '..se who had travelled, and were: well
acquat'otti 'with that country, the success 'of the
experim nt had nor been,such as to induce a new
State to imitate such a model. All who had
travelled through. that country ropreiented the
People
,as she ,eing a general indifference 'to reli.
gion, their'worship negleCted, and their. places.of
oevotion deserted. The question in the • present-
case was not whether they should support- their old
system, ben whether they should adopt innovations
and new systems. He' had set out with statiog„
that there was no law rrpetual, as the're must be
ono-where residing a power to alter or modify,
hut that there were.certain laws fundamental in their
nature, and so blended with the vital interests of the
country, that it would be perilous to interfere with
them. The Chinch Establishment was a fundamen.
tal law of clue State. If the Chureh was proteEled
-by the State, the State owed Much-to the 'Church.
When in the' reign 'of Charles I. the Church was
attacked, the oveithrOw of the CroWn`soon follow..
ed. At the Restoration in r 660, the Church was
re.established with the Monarchy ; so that they
had fallen and risen together. When loyalty was.
at its highest pitch the Church had op'posed the
-indulgences. At the Revolutioti, the Whigs
could nor bane accomplished their ohjeti without
the co.operatitm of the Church. In supporting
these principles, hediti not support the principlet
of any of their ancient parties, but the principles
upon which their Liberties and their Constitution
had been'founded. The Minion of the Noble Ba.
ron would go to the repeal of the Coiporation
if agreed to, would go to the repeal of the Test
AEI, of the Bill of Rights, and of the Mt of Sets
tlement 'in sonic of its- most important particulars.
It- might_ be' said, that
.there was. a- difference be.
tween the Laws existing in Ireland, and the Liws'
existing in this Country ;. but whether that-differ.
ence were material or not, the -Ml.of Union did not
leave them at liberty to repeal any' of those ACIs
passed in the independent Parliament of Ireland,
without some inconvenience from their continuing.
in force should first be proved. He called on their
Lordships, therefore, to cherish those. Laws under
which they had flourished ; to cling aca that sys.
tern which lied made them what they are,- and
enabled them to -enjoy." liberty, honour, wealth,
independence, and property, beyond what any
country in the woild could blast of. He called
upon thent to rise or fall with- their Laws, but
not to he' the first. themselves to give them the
fatal blow ; to an as a body, the faithful guardians
of the Constitution, and to form'a- steady determi.
nation to transmit unimpaired to their posterity
what they had received .from their forefathers.
The Motion of the Noble Baron called on'them to
abrogate those LAWS which would lead to the over.
throw of the Established Religion. Feeling, there.
fore, that no advantage would be derived from the
concession, he should resist such a Motion ; and he
could not think with the Noble Lord, that no per.
son could vote against it in the present instance but
one who-was determined to oppose it at 'all times
for if any Noble Lord should think that this was not
a fevourable or a proper moment for bringing for.
ward such a Motion, he .might, without any incon.
siatency, vote against it. -
The Dyke of CUMBERLAND spoke nearly
as follows a—After the very able manner in which
my Noble Friend (the Secretary of State) has
explained to this House-reasons which, I trust,
wily induce you to- rejea the proposal of the Noble
Lord, it will nut lie necessary for me to enter dif.
Justly into this question. But when -I- relleft on
what wete the circumstances which brought our
'Felony to the Throne, and when I consider wharfs
the objefl of the Petition on your Table, iris ito.
,possible for me to remain totally silent. With-re-
open to the cirWitietancea whichbrought our family
