place, is which the opponents of Reform obtained the ma-
jority. The question decided by this last division did not
indeed essentially affect the princip'e of the measure, but
the circumstances under which it was propo<ed and carried
put an end to all hope that the Bill would pass throurih a
Committee, without such alterations as would essentially
change its character, and destroy its efficiency. In this
state of things it became our duty seriously to consider,
and to compare the inconvenience of a General Election at
the present moment with the danger of disappointing the
just expectations of the people, and we have felt it our
duty to advise his Majesty to Dissolve P trliament.
In graciously adopting this advice, his Majesty has given
to his people an opportunity of manifesting their opinion
on the great question of a Reform in the House of Com-
mons, in which their interests are deeply involved. If
they are satisfied with the present state of the Representa-
tion, be it so. If they are not, they have now the power,
by great exertions undoubtedly, anti by the sacrifice in
some instances perhaps of personal feeliegs and personal
interests, to make their wishes attended to in the House of
Commons, constituted even as it row is. If they should
neglect to take advantage of this opportunity, it may be
very long before they again have the power of effecting
their object. The-question is placed in their hands, and
it is for them to decide it.
You have long known, Gentlemen, my opinions upon
t is subject ; you have frequently elected me when per-
fectly aware of what those opinions were, and I cannot,
therefore, doubt that you will have approved of my having
endeavoured to carry them into effect on the first opportu-
nity which has been placed within my reach. Your ap-
probation, next to that of my own conscience, is the
highest gratification which I can experience. I appeal to
you with per feet confidence ; and trust that, when the day
of Election arrives, you will return me as your Repre-
sentative to Parliament.

I have the honour to be, Gentlemen,
Your most obliged and obedient humble servant,
Downing-street, April 23, 1831. ALTHORP.

TO THE WORTHY AND INDEPENDENT FREE-
MEN OF THE CITY OF DURHAM.

GENTLEMEN,
THE immediate Dissolution again calls upon
you to make choice of persons fitted to represent
your interests in Parliament.
Anxious to redeem. the pledge so recently given, of
again fighting your battle, I lose not a moment in offering
myself once more to your notice. Professions are. need-
less. I come not among you as a stranger, but as one
whose principles and opinions were candidly avowed, who
was honoured so recently with the vJtes of so large a body
of the Freemen, and who has since received such flatter-
ing promises of continued support.
Gentlemen, I hasten once more to your City; once
more will we march under the same banner, and soon
will our recent glorious defeat be obliterated by a splendid
triumph.

I have the honour to he, Gentlemen,
Your obliged and faithful servant,
London, April 23, 18:31. ARTHUR TREVOR.
N.B. Mr. Trevor's Committee meet at the Bell Tavern,
Fleet-str, et.

To the FREEHOLDERS of the COUNTY of OXFORD.

CENTLENIEN,
MR. FAN E having signified his intention of
retiring from the Representation of this County, I
take the liberty of offering myself to your notice as a
CANDIDATE for that honour. I have hitherto endea-
voured to discharge the duty of an independent Member
of Parliament, neither joining in a factious opposition to
any existing Administration, nor giving to any an unqua-
lified support. I have lent my assistance, both in the last
and in the pres9nt year, to the measures of Reform in-
tioduced by Lord John Russell, and voted with him in
both the Divisions, of which the latter has occasioned the
Dissolution. I consider his Bill as a salutary endeavour
to satisfy the public feeling, and to strengthen our Parlia-
mentary Constitution, by enlarging its basis, and adapting
it to the spirit and to the wanes of the age in which we
live. lam not aware that there is any other subject of
much political impoi tance on which public Opinion is
divided at this moment. I need, therefore, only assure
you further, that if you should he pleased to fivour tne
with your choice, I shall undertake the honourable labour
which will be imposed upon me, with a due sense of the
weight which ought always tithe attached to your opinions ;
but, allow me to add, without surrendering my own right
to act according to the dictates of my judgment, and my
conscience. I am, Gentlemen,

Your obedient humble Servant,
Nuneham, April 25, 1831. G. lIARCOURT.

TO THE COMMITTEE OF BURGESSES OF
TRURO.

oINTLEMEN,
jH AVE been duly favoured with your letter
R. of the 9th instant, and the signed declaration and
engag-went it incloeed.
I delayed returning an immediate answer, in the inten-
tion of a more full expression of my sentiments, than I had
then the means or opoortunity for conveying, hut the delay
which has thus occurred has only served to convince toe
of my inability adt qu itchy to express toy feelings on occa-
&ion of the unexpected and unsolicited honour I have
received.

Well aware that individually I possess no claim to your
support, and that it is only to the gr• at cause I have with
yourseves advocated, that I am indebted for your good
opinion, I feel bound to you and to that cause with tenfold
ardour. This being the sole and honourable bond of our
union, I am impressed with a deep sense of the responsi-
bility it involves on my part, and with a knowledge that
it is only by a strict adherence to the principles stated in
the engagement you have so nobly entered into, that I can
claim the benefit it confers of your independent suffrages.
I have to ►equest of you to communicate to the Bur-
gesses who have signed that engagement my unfeigned
thanks for it, and my assurance, that should I, by their
means, be invested with the honourable character of Re-
present.ttive for Truro, I shall endeavour to evince my
sense of their too partial favour by an entire devotion of
my time and faculties to the important duties attached to
that distinguished station, and every interest, local as well
as personal, of the Town and its Inhabitants, shall have a
p:iramount claim on my attention.
While my best thanks are in an especial manner due to
yourselves and to the Burge ses who have sinned the De-
claration, I am desirous of expressing my anxious wish to
conciliate the good opinion, if I may fail of obtaiaing the
actual support, of every other Elector.
My contest has hitherto been with a system, and not
with an individual. The righteous aboition of that sys-
tem will be to me the signal of peace and amity with every
resident Elector, anti I would tender the right band of
fellowship to each one of them, whatever may be his public
sentiments, so long as they emanate from the pure source
of private integrity.
My principhs I have too long entertained, and too often
avowed, to allow of their being held in doubt.
I honour the King, love my Country, and revere its
Constitution ; a member, from conviction, of the Church
of England as by law istablished, I would equally seek to
establish the right of private judgment on the firmest and
broadest basis.

Devoted from my youth up to the great cause of civil
and religious lid.erty, I, front my inmost heart, abhor and
abjure slavery in all its hideous forms, and in all its iuhu•
man effects and degrading tendencies, and will with un-
compromising zeal concur in every measure for the aboli
ti.n of the hated traffic as well in substance as in name.
I have the honour to remain,
With sentiments the most unfeigned of
gratitude and esteem,
Gentlemen, your ever• failiful and obedient servant,

WILLIAM TOOKE.
Russasquaro, March 17, 1831.

BURGESS' NEW SAUCE or general
purposes having given such great approbation, and
the demand l'or it continuing to increase, JOHN BUR-
GESS and SON beg most respectfully to offer this their
best acknowledgment to the public file their liberal patronage
01 the same; its utility and great convenience in all climate-
has recommended it to the most Aistinguishtd foreign con-
ta,ctions, who have all spoken highly in its recoinmenda-
n.—lt is prepared Ly them only ; and for preventing
disappointment to Families, all possible ewe has been re-
sorted to by each bottle being sealed upon the cork with
their firm and address, as well as each label having their
signature, without which it cannot he genuine.
JOHN BURGESS and SON'S long established and
ouch-esteemed ESSENCE of ANCHOVIES, continues
to Le prepared by them aster the same manner that has
given the greatest satisfaction for many years,
Warehouse, 107, Strand, corner of Loudon. The original Fish- sauce Warehouse.
