THE SUN, LONDON, FRIDAY, JANUARY 16, 1835.

at a loss to understand. The same professions of liberality
and Reform they had heard from every member of the pre-
sent administration, but would the electors trust them ?
(No, no.) Would they trust to their Corporation re-
forms ? Would they willingly trust to them an inquiry
into vested rights, as Sir George Clerk would call them ;
but as he (Mr. C.) would call them, tiie vested abuses
of Corporations—(Great applause.) Would they trust
the redress of the abuses of the English and Irish
Church Establishments to those who termed the inves-
tigations now going forwrrd as sacrilegious ?—(No, no.)
Would they intrust the further progress of liberal measures
over the Continent to those who have been the intimates
of Don Miguel, the supporters of Don Carlos, the allies
of Russia, and the other despots of Europe ?—(No, never.)
Were they willing to belieue that these men had any real
intentions to promote the freedom of mankind, who op-
posed so long as they were able the abolition of slavery ?
—(Huzza !) He (Mr. C.) had declared himself, in his
addresses to the electors, a determined opponent to the
present Government ; and his reasons for having done so
might be summed up in a word—he was a determined Re-
former, and he had no faith in their promises.—(Great
applause.) In his canvass, be understood that he had mis-
represented—that he was going into Parliament pledged
vexatiously to oppose every measure of the present Govern-
ment, whether beneficial or not. lie trusted that it would
be considered unnecessary in him to deny such a state-
ment ; that the electors had better faith to put in him than
to believe that he would ever be regulated by factious or
party motives, and that they believed he would support every
measure brought forward for the good of the country, come
from what quarter it might—but he would honestly tell
them that his opinion was, that the present Government
would not have much of his support on those grounds, as it
was by means likely they would afford him an opportunity.
Although be was late in commencing the canvass he begged
to state that he had the most confident hopes of success.—
(Huzza.) Every exertion was used against him, but still
the good cause was so strong in the hearts of the people that
he was satisfied it must triumph. At their great meeting
lately the Tories said that they were playing their last card.
He (Mr. Craig) believed the game to be up with them
notwithstanding ; and he was quite sure that if they did
win the last trick by that last card, it would turn out to be
the " curse of Scotland."—(lmmense and long-continued
cheering.)
The show of hands called for by the Sheriff was almost
unanimous in favour of Mr. Craig, upon Sir John Hope de-
manded a pall. The polling days to be to-morrow and
Thursday.
Thanks being voted to the SherhT, the crowd quietly
dispersed.

to protect the lives of the people, and to assist in the pre-
servation of the laws.

Messrs. SCOTT MOLLOY and P. COSTELLOE, who had
been proposed as candidates in the early part of the day,
returned thanks for the honour which had been conferred
upon them, but begged leave to withdraw from the contest.
The SHERIFF put the question, and declared that the
show of hands was in favour of Messrs. Fitzsimon and
Evans. The other candidate demanded a poll, but it being
then half-past five o'clock, the proceedings terminated for
the day.
