NArAL hEn'3.

INFO/fret", STFT. zo.—Morrsiernt, With the
Cnmpre DE PUYSEGVAR, asd his A!moner Abbe LA •
T?LLF, this mornirg embarked on board the Earl
of ',rimier Post office Packet, Capt. TH6MPcO re,
for Gnttenburgh. The Manley Gun.vessel, Lieut.
TATHAM, sailed at the same time as Convoy to the
Packet.

The Print, of Dale: Packet, Capt. ITEARN,
sailed last night for Hu,um, with the Hamburgh
and Bremen Mails.

Remain the Pegasur Frigate; and Printen Au.
guJia, Hired Armed cotter.

PLYMOUTH, SIFT. 19.—Sailed this morning the
Wolf Sloop of War, and Milhrool Schooner, with
several Vessels under'Convoy, for Newfoundland.
Sailed also the Endytnion and Loire Frigates, Ha.
zard and Herlrquin Sloorsof War, on a Ctuize to
the Westward.

Arrived the William, of London, Capt. Sm.
CLAIR, from Berbice ; she came under Convoy of
the ifyladri Sloop of War.

Arrived also. the Maria Sophia, Capt. DAM.
GR JN, laden with wine, itorn Biaceloni, ta
Gottenbursb,

Sailed the Terrible, of 74 guns, to join the Chan.
nel Fleet. ,

Arrived the Bind Cutter from a Cruize.

PORTSMOUTH, Szpr. the dig;titosirt
Sloop to the Eastward.

DEAL, SETT. zo.—The Leeward Island Fleet
arrived this morning, under Convoy of the Thisbe
Frigate, and sailed through for the River.
Also arrived the jamaiers, Orestes, and Mariner
Gun brigs, from a Cruize off Ostend and Calais ;
reakevita, from Dungeness ; Spj, from the Note ;
and the immortafite, from a Cruize off Boulogne.

•I u the Downs —l‘lonarch, Utrecht, Inflexible, Castor,
Greyhound, L'Airnable, Thisbe, Jamaica, Bold, Watchful.
Mariner, Orestes, Spy, Vesuvius; Armed Defence Ships
and Transports as before.

Si/ERR/4E48, SEPT. 18.—Arrived the Leith Tm-
der from Leith, with impressed Men and Volun-
teers for the Feet.

SAiled the Sp; Sloop of War, Capt. BUSllult, and
Pestevius Bomb, Capt. LILL t CR AP, for the Downs.

The Kitty Armed Ship has the.Signal,fiying for
Convoy to the Elbe, and •the /20.fina for the Baltic.
Ships at this Port-- Zealand, Princess of Orange, C latton,
CMS, Fury, Katy, and Leith Tender.

E P NOCK, SEPT. 18.---Arrived the Ships Ira.
bella and Hermit, two of the' West India Fleet 1
parted Convoy off Cape C,ear : there were nine
Ships in the Fleet for Clyde.

Arrived the Brigs Maria, Samuel, and Betsey,
from Donerara in 38 days : came under Convoy
of a Slop of War, %ilk several other vessels, from
which the parted off Cape Clear.

Admiral Wirtrstreo leaves town in A few days
to resume the command of the Sea Fencibles in
Ireland.

The llindostaa and Malabar, of 6+ guns each,
fitting at Deptiotd, are ordered to proceed 'mime.
dime!), to the Nore.
Two Frigates, building at Plymouth, are to be
Lunched in the course the ensuing week.
Captain Wont,Dß I DOt is appointed to the corn.
tmnd of the Elk Sloop of War, at. Woolwich.

On Wednenday the Owners of East India Ship.
ping had a conference with the Cliairmsn and De.
put), of the Court of Direttors, when a ftnaf settle,
ment to,:k place relative to the :dlowances fur War
Extraordinaries.

Extract of a Letter received by the Lilbon, Mail,
by a Mercantile Home in Bristol

" Lithon, Sept. 7, 18E54.
" It is with real regret we have to inform you, that the
tame. Epidemical Dis2rder, as last year, rages in a manner
Ottole unprecetientud at Malaga. Our advices by this day's
post quote. the number of deaths at 126 to 150 per day., Of
course no business z.:a.11 be douc."

Yesterday. the Lords Commissioners of the Trea.
sury declared their determination as to the m•in.
(ler in which they proposed the Loyalty Loan shall
he, paid off, when notice was given• to the Bank,
iha;, for every fool. would be given tool. in the
Old Five per Cents. and the remainder to be Made
up in the Three per Cents. Reduced,-accordiog to
the average. prier of will be ry.c,,,,Ary
for those to ho intend to comply with the terms, to
give notice at an 'Office at the Bank, appointed for
that purpose, before the stli of October. .Those
persons making the exchange would be entitled to
half a year's dividend on the gth of January, 1805.
yesterday a half.yearly General Court was •heid
at the Bank, for the purpose of settling a Divi-
dend on the Bank Stock, and other business. It
was proposed and agreed to, that gl. per cent.
should be allowed to the Proprietors, and the
payment to be made in cash instead of stock, as
has been generally the case. The question was fix.
ed to be balloted for on. Tuesday next. Mr. Fos_
Teti then introduced a Motion, of which notice was
given in a previous Court, namely, that an addi-
tional sum of 40001, be voted to the Governor, De.,
puty Governor, and DireCtors of the Bank of Eng-
land, fur the great zeal and attention they have at
all times'manifested •in the Bank concerns ; which
WAS seconded by Mr. DAR ELL, in a speech of some
length. The Motion was carried unanimously.

LW week was laid the foundatiin.srone of.) new
meliket.house, at ' Plymouth, for the building of
which to,oool. hav'e been FASCribrd upon the con.
tine plan.
The Doe De BEIM is Still in lawn; and it is nut
expened that this'illultrictis Foreigner will. go to
the Continent shortly, as We been reported.

IFEY MOUTH, SEPT. 19.

YVTEIIDAY afternoon after His NlAjits.ry had
arrived from the Review of the Hanoverian Troops,
be walked on the Esplanade for near an hour, ac.
comparied by the DuKEs of KENT, SussEx, anti
CAMBIODOE, and 'attended by Earls PAULET, UX-
BRIDGE, and RoiFLYN, Genera's GARTH, MAN-
NERS, MANNINGHAM, and FITZROY, with several
of the German Officers.

His MAJESTY, with his usual afribility, can.
versed with Lady SPENCER and Children, for some
time,' on the Esplanade ; after which His MA-
JETY inspetted the Troops on the Parade, and the
whole of them marched before His MAi Oar on the
Sands.

This morning at six o'clock, Hts MAJESTY
mounted his horse, and accompanied by the Duxt
of Sussex, and several Officers, took a ride to the
Camp of the Somerset Militia.
At eight o'clock PR I.24;QESSES AUGUSTA and
SOPIIIA Of GLOUCESTER bathed..

After breakfast 'His MA J ESTY rode through the
Market to the Esplanade, and alighted at HER.
NG'S Library, where HIS MAJFSTY Continued in
conversation with, the Officers of the Staff, who ac:
companied him, and in impectin,g several new pub.
lications, for an hour or more. His MAJESTY
rode on the Sands for a short time, and then re.
turned to the Lodge, where Lord HARROWBY was
waiting for an Audience. The time being ar-
rived for the 11,4 W. FAMILY to go on board the
Pv.a/ So. ertign Yacht, HIS MA J E STY rock Lord
HARROWBY, and a Messenger w Ito had just ar-
rived with Dispatches from Ministers, with him on
board ; and, just In time for the return.of the Royal
Mail, the Messenger landed again with his. Dis.
patches.

About one o'clock His Royal Highness the Dolts.
of Yost IC arrived at the Lodge.
At six &clock His MAI SSZY 'landed, after a very
pleasant sail of near six leagues, and repaired to the
Lodge, and had an interview with His Royal High-
ness the COMMANDER in CH'.

In the evening the RoyAL FAMILY went to the
Theatre, to see Mr. Cot.mAres elegant Comedy of
"The Clandestine Marriage," and " The Irishman
in London." Mr. NRYLOR supported the part of
Brush, Mr. SANDFORD that of Lord Oglehy, and
Mrs. NRYLOR that of Mrs. Heidelberg, with great.
propriety, and were deservedly applauded. After
the Play Mr. FARREN sung Mr. Ho,:ic's favourite
Song of " The tough Wooden Walls of Old Eng-
land," in a very superior style. For to-morrow
night THrim MAJEVII Es have comtnaoded the Play
of " The Young Quaker," and " Bon Ton." From
this place the excellent company of Comedians,
who have contributed so much to the amusement
of the ROYAL FAMILY, and the C,,mpany with
which our town has of late overfliwed, will repair
to Guernsey.
The Royal Yacht is come into the Harbour in
preparation for the very brilliant Fete which HIS
MAJESTY intends giving on Saturday next.
Arrivals at the King's Head. H :
Rev. R. Buller and" Lady, Lord and Lady liarrowby,
Mr. and Mrs, Bright, Mr. Brown, and Mrs. C001111)CS.

1 Lord Viscount GAtistiotota gave last night a sus
prrb BaU and Supper to the Nobility and Gentry of
the COunty of Hertford, at his seat near Sr. Albans,
Among the Nobility opened were,• the Marchiu.
ness 01 SALISBURY, Cuutoess SPENCER, and Lady
GEORGINA
The Dutchess of CHANDO4 left Grosvenor-square
yesterday morning, tits het elegan‘ scat, Thornnam-
hall, Suffolk. • .
The Remains of the late Lord C4NM.IIOIOo.
which lie now in a vault under Sr. Ann's Church,
Soh o arc to be removed in a teat days, actording,tro
his Will, for interment abroad.
Brigadier General L rd ELnitfrstoare is placed
on the Sl3(r ot the Greenock Dist:ids—l lealluar.
ters, Greenock.
Thursday se'nnight a detachment of Flying Ar-
tillery woli four fteld.pieces marched into Bristol,
On their pone from Christchurch to Ireland, .
,The following is an Extract of a Letter from
a 'Gentleman who lately travelled through North
America. The description he gives of the suffer-
jogs of those unforomate penile who have been se.
duce& to emigrate from Scotland and Ireland to
America, is, we have strong reason to believe, per,
fedly correct. After stating the well-known fad,
that tloey are in general obliged to indent them.
selves, or, in other words, to sell their person,
for a number of years, in order to raise maney,
to pay for their passage., he thus proceeds :
" The numerous examples of rniaery and of de.
spair which I have witnessed among then- Emigrant
British Sobjeds pierce my very heart. I have seen,
on their landing, husbands and wives disosed of to
different proprietors, and their children to others,
Their prayers and lamentations to rem in together
vail.nntiking. They separate, not seldom, never
to meet again, or if to meet to bewail their shame
or folly, their dishonour or ruin. I heard many
shocking anecdotes, hardly credible in civilized Ea-,
rope, where the liberty and happiness of the Ame.
rican citizens are so often the topics of the. praises of
the discontented, of the envy of the disaoirocied, and
of the desire of the misled. I have heard of families
and of individuals who sixteen years agn sold their
liberty for five years, and who continue still, and pro.
bably for life, in bondage, their crud masters taking
• advantage to keep them in debt, either by giv.
tug them trifling sums to support sickness, want,
or extravagance. I have heard of others, who, in
despair, for such and worse treatmeot, and not see.
• ing an end to their sufferings, have committed the
must terrible suicides, destroying, at the same time,
themselves, their wives, and children. Others have
• run away, been taken, Rigged, and worked in chtins
during the day, and are shut tip in chains during the
night, as the most culpable of criminals. Famine,
besides, often forces them to commit petty thefts,
;old when discovered, to avoid publicity or disho.
pour, or to escape punishment, subscribe new bonds
.ef slavery, and, for the value of a dollar, condfimn
them.,elves to hard labour for years. They are uni.
sersally despised as outcasts of society, having re.
flounced their privileges as British Subjects, with..
out obtaining tile rights of
