CITY, TUESDAY EVENING.

Letters have been received from Smyrna dated the 14th tilt.,
and at, that time the city was perfectly tranquil. The advices,
however, received there from Scio, state that the Sciots were
nobly disputing with the barbarians for their native soil, but 65
hostages had been hung by the Turks inconsequence of the de-
termined resistance which had been opposed to them, and they
had levelled with the earth every vestige of the town. Still the
inhabitants continued to resist their oppressors, and their despair,
added to their heroic valour, must induce every Englishman to
hope that their great exertions will, in the result, be crowned
with success. The extortions of the Turks had alsoprodUced a
revolution in Metelin, and every island in the Archipelago had
raised the standard of the Cross. The descendants of the re-
nowned Greeks are thus nobly doing their duty to civilised Eu-
rope ; and the empire which deserts them in their need will
cover itself with infamy in all time to come. This is the second
time the Greeks have been basely abandoned by the Russians,
after being encouraged to rise. News from Odessa, contained
in The Chronicle this morning, gains credit hourly;
We wish we could say the conduct of the people of this
country atoned for that of the Government. Is it possible, that '
after all our protestations against dragging the African froin
his burning sands, we can look on unmoved while the civilized
populatiOn of Scio are led into slavery and prostitution ? The
Emperor ALEXANIER may consent to sacrifice the Interest
of the Russian Empire to the system of the Holy Alliance,
but the attempt is full of danger, and his own Nobility may,,
before long, teach him that they are not altogether insensible
to their country's glory and their country's interest.
The public Funds are this day extremely heavy. Consols for
the July account opened at 80A, and notwithstanding the
near approach of the dividends, they did not advance dining
the day, but they closed at the opening quotation. The
French Rentes are lower, having been done at 91. 25. a
91. 50. ; Prussian Fives are 85'3. a 86. ; Columbian Old Bonds,
101; New Sixes 834-i. and tie Scrip, 841-1. ; Spanish Old
Bonds, and New, 044 ; Danish lives, 861. Nea-
politan are dearer, and it is difficult to say why—they are noted
at M. The Russian Metallic Loan is ni. In Mr. Roths-
child's New Loan no business is doing, and the price is nomi-
nally quoted at 82k. 83. ; the Chili, 80+. 791.
It, is impossible to describe the depression in every article of
commerce, on the Royal Exchange. On the Baltic walk nothing
literally can be transferred. At a public Sale of Tallow, yellow,
St. Petersbuz,..ll was sold at 345. and Siberia at 335. At a sale of
clean Hemp, the best price was 365. ; Sperm Oil was bought in at
41s. l Os. ; and Black. South Sea 'Whale Oil at 201. 15s. P.
T. R.. Flax is only nominal at 4s. to 495. ; and. St. Petersburgh
12-head at 435. The. Colonial market never was worse. For
sugar there is no demand, unless by the grocers. The refiners
scarcely make a purchase, though prices are declining nearly
to the standard at which they may save themselves should they
go generally to work.—There is very littlemioney for Foreign
Bills, and all the Exchanges are on the advance.. Dollars have
declined to 4s. 9d., and gold to 775. 6d., which:is 214 d. under
the Mint price. Considerable shipments of bullion have lately-
been made to pay the first instalment on the Russian Loan.—
There is. a failure in the wine trade, and there are several dis-
agreeable reports on some other branches of trade.—( Morning
Chronicle. )

THE PLAGUE.-Yesterday we were given to un-
derstand,tha.t the plague had made its appearance
in one of our hospitals, from the admissimi of 'a
patient infected with that dreadful disease. In
consequence of which a consultation of the most
eminent of the faculty has taken place, and every
precaution has been adopted. No person what-
ever is permitted either to go in or come out, ex-
cept the medical gentlemen ; every requisite is
handed in, but nothing taken out.—(Morning
Paper.)

It is said that the Marquis of HASTINGS, im-
mediately on his return to Europe, is to relieve
Lord STEWART, as Ambassador from England to
the Court of Vienna.—(Morning Paper.)
The Duke of SUSSEX will this summer make
an excursion to the North. His Royal Highness,
it is expected, will continue in Edinburgh ten
days.—(Herald.)
MR. SAMUEL WESLEY.—The, unrivalled skill
of this Gentleman on his favourite instrument the
Organ, and his sarprizing promptitude in the
performance of what are styled Voluntaries, viz.
extemporaneous , compositions, have long been
known to the public, and it has been a matter of
regret to the Musical World that he has not been
publicly heard during the present season.—To-
morrow, however, we understand, he is to have
a Benefit Concert at the New Argyll Rooms,
and pinch to the honour of Mrs. SALMON, Miss
M. TREE, Mr. VAUGHAN, and Mr. BRAHAM,
with other well-known Performers, they have
kindly offered to assist on this meritorious occa-
sion.—ft should be added that Mr. YANIEWICZ,
with his admirable Violin, and Miss SHARP, with
her captivating Harp,will also lend their power-
ful assistance in support of this musical veteran.
IRELAND.--Mr. 11. DOHERTY. has exerted
himself with so much zeal, and we may add so
successfully, to promote the subscriptions for the
relief of his distressed countrymen in Ireland,
that as the Manager of the Surrey Theatre li-
berally will open his Theatre for the benefit of
Mr. DOHERTY, we hope his affluent country-
men will also on the ensuing occasion afford him
a liberal protection.

CANTERBURY, JUNE 18.—A contract was yes-
terday entered into by the Guardians of the Poor of this City,
to supply the Workhouse with good wheaten bread for three
months, at Hid. per gallon, being 6id. under the present as-
size price : also for the same period with mutton by the car-
cass, weighing not less than 721bs. at 2} per lb. ox. heads at 2s.
per head ; Gloucester cheese at 365. per cwt. ; good Cork but-
ter, scraped, at 50s. per cwt."; yellow soap at 60s. per cwt. ;
candle§ Os. 10d. per doz. lbs.; and 60 chaldrons of coals, de-
livered free of all expences, at Us. 9d. per chaldron.
