14i:

.Ili

aq 11;t.

CHAMDER OF DEPUTIES;

therKie:vel command c_ reCTS

Wc are alsureil that General Dupont, with all
the troop of his division, has set out frcmt Tours
to arrest the march of Buonaparte. Ris:soldieLs
nrc animated with the best spirit.
This evening (March 13) arrived two
de-Camp of Monsieur, and a Courier from .Mar-
shal =fey, who have brought the most satisfactory
iutelligcnce. The Marshal was advancing from
Frandfd ,C0rate.7411,11,71000-tt:teitqlit troop of the
vt--)vn h-e.could...dsgenii-and a multitude
.of the Eranche Comtese who wished to march
P.. • •
with him.

" The Director of -General Police has received
news from Lytni's 'l3u.ottaparte WasAbere %vitt' a
loree.of fro:u 5, to 600.0 men Tbey,wesreliarasse'd
with fatigne,- and -4iCompetent 'to-maith f6r tWo
or three tiara. The two reghtiorti which ha?l
jolined have declared., .that since they found
resistance, they would not fight against French-,
nieh;-'ind tliat they 'i‘;ouhr not 'march tigahlt a
King whont the nation- wishetl.to s'Upporr;- they
tLeh-di.Than.ded.• themselves. • .l3uonaparte has "no'
Nurntioitiort; he..tas, had. the most gloomy reeep-
t;oli at Lyons, appe'ars to alarm him:
'-" Marshal Otidinot bas s:.:t out from 'Metz,';ai'
the head of the Royal Guard: The privates havdt
received the. rank of; serjeauts, and the
rliat of Officers. Their chief answers toi' ftein ;
t4rcy march piist to Melon.
" The Duke of Bellutto:is .at Cliatona, with
a cprps,ois good and faithful troops."—(Guzeite an
Fr ance)

.SITTING 13Trt M4Atcfl.÷:Ti)iftm,some
Rreliminary ,business, the Abb6
il.Fared in the trmone.,
"-Gentlemen," sisidife;(*. the King bas'Ordered
me to conummieate to you the. situation:of ottr
departments,—that is to say, theie,,goo,d spirit,
their courage, and devotedness to his caus, and
tb:that of liberty. The first mtnuetit of that un-.
heard of aggression, we hastened to .write to the
Menaced departments to summon the national
guards, and the whole population, to the defence
of-the country...
Itte Prefect of the Var bad.already given the
signal, and the city of Marseilles :replied to -it:
with that ardour of liberty and gratitude of which
iti►as so many proofs; the Pronteptilalislreel
itSthdignation_in. an AddresS to the King , the de-
2evaditnents Buonaparte has aaveesed may
have been surprised,.but not one has,been shaken;
the -Var, the. Upper and Lower Alps,!have regard-.
ex! liiut on his' paSage as a public enemy ;• being
Unable to combat him,' they received hint with a
gloomy silence, which made him perceise 011 his
outrance:into-.France the sentiments that awaited
-The department of Abe Rhone,
_without :arm:,
without defence; saw itself invaded ; but could
Ructuaparte doubt of the patriotism of .the Lyon,.
ese ? 'What city 'surpasses Lyons its generosity-?!
We received-from it. nothing .but the must !to-
nottrahle testimonies of its devotedness, up to the
last moments of its liberty: This snccess.of the
enemy, far font having checked the ardour of
tither provinces, has inspired them with new
ardour.
• The. denartments of the Saone and Loire, of
the Cote-d'Or, -of the_ Nievre, the Daubs, the
Met:rate,' the Manse,- the Aube, the-Upper Marne,
the Seine and Marne,. the Lower Seine, Calvados,
&c. In a word, all.those who have: had time to
.e!.)(1 their addresses, are emulous in admirable
testimonies of their fidelity. • The cities rival the
departments in z.:al; we are busy in collecting.
these at•turesses, to consecrate. for ever a 1110;-
sumsent of courage, and Of; hatred to tyranny ;
yes, what Frenchmen %you'd:bear to see the,days
of oppression a.ild.perfidy return ? They.are:pass-
ed, and horroris the only _sentiment they have left
behind them.
It is enough that we have to Lament -the treaso4
of "some warriors ; France wishes 'only to posses
tbe,defenders of its• liberties ; she disown- and
proscribes for ever- those unnatural Ilearts, who
(lure to sacrifice her to vile interest. We speak
it with shuddering, amidst 4111' our caliunities a.
national glory belonged to us ; we owed it to-our
armies ; we presented, them with pride to fo-
reigners ; we loved to recollect their triumphs,
and that- admirable generosity which jutpdled
them to:march front pole to pole, whenever there
was danger ; why, amongst this -race or heroes,:
must we now count some who are, faithless, and
deserters- amongst the pillars of the natio:nil
glory. ? Let. us - lament this with thok traly
French soldiers, who, at all times, have known
oaly to shed their blood for their country who
always fa:shful to her voice, and strangers to all
discords, wished only to serve and die for het..—
They will now avenge their country, which it is
Ivished to enslave, and their glory which some
Lave dared to obscure : all the Chiefs point out
to their brethren in arms the path of honour;
each is at his post, ready to march at the voice of
the country.
Already the Marshal de Trevise has informed
his corps d'arin6 of the perfidy of our enemies, and
all the troops led astray have returned tinder the
standards of honour. General Daboville has not
seen one faithless among his men ; all of them
repelled the traitor who dared to tewipt their
fidelity.
Marshal Ney is collecting his legions, and dis-
plays in this cause that firmness of character and
fit principle which always.distingui,heditim,
Marshal Alacdonald, after having performed pro-
digies, and attempted impossibilities at Lyons,
brings back to tile King his talents, and tin'il-cha-
„Lucr cif loyaity and honour, which renders hint
equally dear to France and the army..
OltdinOt is at the head of those grena-
d:t:Tsl of. France, .of that illustrious oh! guard so
rif•nowned in Europe, and which has reserved to
itself the 04.;t'y of being the. model and example
of all the armies ; faith fUI to their king, iind,
their Chief, who is equally covered with, scars

opcl xvith glory ; we she'll sve thew itiweb to the
aid of their• country, and I epres by their renown

‘s. e 1 as by their arms, .aN who shall wickedly
hesitate. -

Marshal D'Albtifera only requires
_to be
liapie!l to inspire the sione continence in, France,
aofLin,-the armies.. The whole .
sees only defenciers; the provinces, al: cities, tL:

; Generals, Oficety, sahliert, all reject the
enemy who bring,s us foreign war, civil war,
slavery, and death. It is for von, Gentlemen, to
second this noble ardour; decree, or rather cow.
firm, that ger.eral rising of the friends of liberty ;
all Frenchmen reply to the voice of Government, let
theokbear yotir's also; a zeal so generons cannot
be too highly•praised ;.let all the names which dis-
tinguish themselves in this glorious cause,
ierihed 'in-Stour annals. be in-
Already the King has-diffused his bounty among
the-officers-and troops who gave the first proofs of
fidelity :.let theneknow from you how much they
lutve.deserved of the.eountry. Is that man aware
'of alI the resources of liberty, who has known so
well those of servitude ? Does he know what a
nation-can do that is,•animated. by its rights, and
'commanded by a Prince whom .no difficulty
alarms, to whom danger affords only a trial Of.
coinage ? It is not under such a King that France
is to be conquered,
us• leave the enemies of liberty to accuse
the .mildness of Government. Nations are not
courageous in proprirtion to their servitude ; there
iatt-generosity Which belongs only to freemen,
and which produces heroes ; France will afford
an eternal example of this : if while under tyranny
she could conquer Europe, bow brave will she be
in combating under liberty ?. Let us be United,
Gentlemen, aml in a -moment we shall hehold the
disappearance of -this senseless enterprise, which
s iii make its partisans blush; and' will only be a
new proof of the excellence of our new laws, and. of
'that 'paternalGovernment ‘vhich the King hasde-
rived-from his.own heart."
M. de MOnteSquiou then delivered in the fol.
loWing plan of law
...Louis, by the Grace of God King of France
and'Navarre, &c.
Wishing to ward off from our people the scourge
of'a new foreign .war, which -might break out ors
the news reaching Congress of the appearance of
Nap'oleon Buonapatte on the'nench territory;
to give to the French army a mark of
'our satisfaction and confidence, and to our faith-
ful subjects a new guarantee of all their political
and civil rights founded on the constitutional
,charter
••We have ordered, and do order, the following
plan 'of law to 'he..subtnitted to the Chamber of
Deputies by-our Minister of the Interior : •
.Art. 1: The gto-riSons of La Fere,' Lille, and Cambray,
have deserved well of their king and country; a natioual're-
compense shall- be 'decreed to them.
,1.-The-Orrison of Antibes has equally deserved well of
their country, and shall receive a national recompense.
-Marshal's Moitiep, Duke of Treviso, and Macdonald, Duke
'of Tarentum, hare deserved well of the country; a national
reward shall be voted to them.
.3. Pensions shall be given to thesoldiers Wounded, and to
thie•families of ;those who arc killed, in combating Napoleon
Buotiaparte.
4. The two Chambers shall; without delaY, take into con-
sideration the means' of filling np the vacancies in the Chain-
ber .oi-Deputies of Departments.
• Given at Paris, iniour Castle of the Thuilleries, this 13th
of March, 1815, and of our reign the 20th.
On the proposal of the President, .grounded on
the urgency.of the case, the Chamber ordered the
ptan of law to be laid before the Committees for
instant deliberation. •
The President 'then declared, that the Minister
of imitate for ties War Department had also com-
munications to make to the Chamber, and that
two of its Members demanded to submit propo-
sitions to it,
The Duke of FELTIIE.—The Chamber has wish-
ed to bear from my mouth some details relative to
my Department ; but Gentlemen will reatllilayabaell-
neve, that having held the office for only 24 hours,
I haVe not been enabled to arrange in my head
that would be interesting to cOmgiunicate.
it is certain that the loyalty of General Lions
has-fcausedthe failure of one of the Most dan-
gerous means of him who is the terror of every
man who loves the liberty of his country. This
odious machination commenced in the South of
France, spreads its threads even to the depart.
went of the north.. The hand of. God appears
astg
have conduetiNl thither the Duke of 'Treviso,
if by miracle, in order to defeat it. Directed-by
Lefebvre. DesnonetteS, a body of troops was to
have advanced ore NoVon and Paris; and there to
have caused the greatest disorders:. 1.1..he!,e troops
however, "ere ignorant of what they were doing,
ev.n when about: possessing themselves Of the
important arsenal of La Fete: hurt presently being
undeceived they' re-entered the path of duty.
Thus, gentlethen,' in the north the soldiers have
generally manifested a right spirit, atid Can cause
no dimuletude either to the King or the nation.
It is not the same with the troops which were
at :Lyons. 'We ought to have reckoned on the
important depot of Grenoble, and on the prompti-
tude of the departure of the Princes. An unexz.
erected defection rendered insufficient all the Means
attempted to oppose the movement which placed
Lyons in the power of the enemy of the country;
for certainly there was no insufficiency of courage.
Too much praise cannot be given to the Princes
who wished to make a -complete resistance and
it was only on account of fortuitous .eiretint-
stances, -that it became necessary to renounce a
perseverance which could lead to nothing. In
fact, there was a total want' of artillery. • It was
natural to take. it from Grenoble, the nearest
depot. There was nothing disposable, except a
little, powder, and a wretched piece of -cannon
which had been abandoned by the Austrian army,
it was therefore impossible to resist, especially
when the garrison of Grenoble had been guilty of
the defection of which I complain. I.iut the troops
who are moeing•from the north at this moment, slim the best spirit.
Measures have been taken to defeat those au-
dacious attempts on French fidelity and liberty :
they are in execution at this moment, and I hope
they will have the success which the nation has
a right to expect front the vigilance of its Go-
vernment.

Some news have caused just alarm, and gave
notice of the danger in which the capital might
have been placed by the odious treason of Gene-
ral Desnouttes. The King, incapable of deceiv-
ing any body, learned with grief a proceeding F. 0
unexpected. His Majesty offered to we the porte-
feuille of the War-office :it would have been.
cowardly to refuse it 'tiller circumstances so
painful. I did not fear to answer this honour-;
able confidence, because I felt assured •that I
should be faithful to my duties, as during my
1:13
'whole life I have been faithful to all
14 eng
Culi

At these rrorils of the Minister the most 'lirelv
acclamations burst forth front all quarters.
The President.—However pure those sentiments
rnay be which have just been displayed, • I must
appeal to those regulations which forbid all marks
Of approbation or disapprobation in this misetn-
bly. If those marks are repeated, I must clear
the house.

1 come now to the communications which I
have to make to the Chamber.
Here the Minister added, that the last report
Just received, announced that the enemy of France
had obtained no further successes : that although
it had happened that sortie of the military had
been seduced to betray the King ard the Nation,
yet the zeal and fidelity of the numerous corps
which covered Paris, and the honourable devoted-
ness of the brave 'national guard, were sufficient
to reassure every mind.
lle also announced, that the two Generals,
Lallemand, and 10 individuals, some of whom
were •Aidesde,Cainp, accomplices with them,
being vigorously pursued by the gendarmerie, had
been taken and delivered over to a court-martial,
which would'pronounce against them the punish,
merit due to their crime. •
-One of the Deputies asked the Minister, if he
could give any information as to the troops at
Metz and Besancon ?
The Duke of Feltre declared that he could not
speak too favourably of the attachment and tide-
lity of those troops—of that erld guard which the
King proposed' to employ with the Moi.e• confi-
dence, because it had never brought a stein 011
French honour.
in fine, the telegraphic dispatches which have
been transmitted are perfectly encouraging. -
ac to the movement of troops, continued the
Minister, the Chamber will excuse my entering
into detail, akiijpight furnish a clue.,
•••
I have nothing joadd, Gentlemen, except that
there are measures which are
.necessary in the
crisis in Which we stand ; but they must emanate
from you. The Ministers cannot do every thing.
The wishes of the Nation are even more powerful
than all which the King could not merely for
his own preservation, it for the happiness. of the
people.

The Duke of Feltre having .descended from the
Tribune, the President invited one of the Mem-
bers (whose name Was on the list) to'make a pro=
position to. the Chamber.

- M. Delhortne.—Gentlemen, the Ministers of
the King have presented to the Chamber the pro-
ject of a law to which I propose tu add an amend-
ment, of which I regret that I cannot develope the
motives : hut without doubt you will find that it
jusAes itself : it is tbis—
__

"The Chamber of Deputies declares that the
deposit-of the national charter and •of the public
liberty, is entrusted to the fidelity and courage
of the army, of the national guards, and of all the
citizens."

The President consulted whether the Chamber
would take into consideration the proposition of
M. Edlionne.

The Abb6 De Montesptiou.—We can declare
in the name of his 11.lajesty, that the Government
entirely adopts the proposed addition.
The Chamber declared unanimously that it
would token into consideration the -alncnarnent
proposed by M. Delhorme, and ordered that • it
should be immediately referred to the Committee.
M. Lajord (of...the Seine). subluitted to the
Chamber a proposition, tending to secure the
payment of the pensions to the military Members
of the Legion of Honour.
It was taken into consideration, and will be im-
mediately debated in the Committee. •
One of the Secretaries,read the following Peti-
tion addressed to the Chamber :

Gentlemen, we offer ourselves to the King
and the Country. The School of Law, in a body,
asks leave to march. We will not abandon either
our Sovereign or our COnsititution. Faithful to
French honour, we ask for arms. The feeling of
affection which we bear to Louis XVIII,
saver for the constancy of our devotedness. We
Want no' more chains : we want liberty. 'W
have it : they come to rob us of it. \V will de.
fend it even to death. !'ice le Roi 'five la Con-
stitution .1"

This Petition was honourably received, and re
ferred to the Government.

The President broke up the Sitting, and the
Deputies retired to their respective Coinnattqes.
, The French Itin(Vare at GU.

•
VIENNA, MARCH 3.—(FRONI A PEIVATE LET-
TER.)-71t is said, that the Emperor Alexander
has fixed his departure for the 15th, when, it is
hopeq, the grand arrangements will be concluded.
Thosi!*between Austria and Bavaria were entirely
Concluded.

[ARRIVED THIS MORNING)
• (Tram the 21-loniteicr of the 15th.)
• The Prince of Illoskwa (Ney) was on the
18th at •Lons le Saulnier, directing upon Lyons a
corps of troops of the line and national guards,
animated with the hest spirit, and impatient to
, measure swords with the troops of Buonaparte.
Some scouts of this troop have appeared in the
environs of Macon and Chalons. One was
wandering' about,. another seemed to be looking
for means to ascertain the disposition of the in-
habitants, and the movements of the. force • di-
rected against them. Travellers from Lyons all,
nuunce, that Buonaparte was still in that city oh •
the evening of the with his force, -.which
was exhausted with fatigue, and appeared to be
rather diminished than infereased in numbers it,
is not reckOned to amount to more than 4000
men, and some hundreds of horses. •
Deputies arrive continually in Paris from all c
parts of France. They report that the most ex
cellent spirit reigns in every city, and pervades
the whole cOuntry. SoMe deluded or ill-design,
ing persons have disseminated absurd rumours,
acrd it is exactly where those most in favour
of 13uwparte prevail, that the entbuziwat is

strongest, anti the lonek3t clios have L.lrEt 14)'"":
against the oppressor of France act! of all Et"Pi;
The number of Volunteers increases rapitilY
Paris. The White Cockade is seen every "'hell;
in the streets, and shouts of Vice le Boi olgt'"“‘

from every quarter.
Lieut.-General Count D'Erlon (Drouct)
been arrested at Lille by order of the Nillister
War. (The Gazette de France reports that
Traitor has been tried by a court4uartial, "ca
condemned, and had suffered deathl)
A letter-from Marshal Monccy arni ...
muh,- ';gat
the Marshal-des-Logis; Petit, residing at Laferte'
Milon, having learnt at seven o'clock „„be
evening of the 12th, that eight men on horsebia.c.4-*
were in the Commune of Marcie (Oise), haa
league from Laferte-Miion, pursued them !vial 9'
brigade, and cook five of then'. prisoners. Thq
s-
had no documents to justify their motives for tr,
yelling, and were conducted to prison at Soiss°ll-.
These were Marshal-de- Camp Lallemand, his bro
.
Cher, of the same rank the.Artilicry, Captain
Moulin, Lieutenant Marrae., and a servant narlje-
Reynall. The three persons who fled were Lieut.;
General Lefebre Desnonettes; Col. Alarin'

Chef-d'Escadrou Brice. •
Dos
The office of Prefect of the Police of Pons
t
been re-established, and 111..Botarrienne

to it.
r of
The report of the Ministers to the Chainu, e- f,
Deputies yesterday has produced the hapPiest
fects.

..Buonaparte, according to the last ficC°t/ilts:
had not quitted Lyoni'; his march ha(' hue
ee
rapid, bat it was necessary for him to stop. •
retg
did not occupy the departments tibia sePl' 0
Frejus from Lyons. lie passed through
peaceably. The inhabitants were rersint.
tranquillity, and did not expect this new stoic
bc
Buonaparte is now in fact insulated in tbe111110,;,,
of France, which is armed against him. 001.4e1.
tresses and our garrisons have remained fait
ted,
The extent of the danger has been aPPrecis•
1f
and there is nothing more to fear. Ihe orders
itli
Government are exercisedwith calmness ati" °der
unanimity. Let not the Addresses voted ut'hose
such circumstances be confounded witlifsue-
which arc so often the consequence c);
aaa
cess, it was in the face of the eneWJ'.thot
when be appeared the most menacing'
thousands crowded to sign their names to
dresses of the professions of warmest 'l°'
and attachment to the King. tiortf
The Moniteur contains between thirty' ?il`
bliC Y-
from various cities, departments, an P'"„ jcvo'
dies to his Majesty, assuring hiM of Ikeir
Lion and fidelity. var,
The Duke.de Feltre, the'ile*W, Alibis-ter v't
; vlll°'
has published an Order ;-of the Days -n bpi),
after announcing his appointment to than Joe,
office, he adverts to the attempt of Bu"liould
and expresses his regret' that any wen .1,.517 1110
have suffered themselves. to be "seduced wbjy the
a ttifices of a man, who would destroy Eon° 've
„.„ IP 1
hituds of Frenchmen, and who 1;--11 ceott,-
it up a second time to he devastated. 4 5
time by foreign invasion." Ol4
lie then adds, " Buonaparte knows. that
tula
rope in arms still surrounds oux frontiersl',ol
i
that the first triumph of his mad anand.cr".
t
ambition would bring upon o.ur pre.vingesial atilt
horrors of general war, would spread; Licat iers-
desolation among the families of °1.21 (Lefa et/
But what signifies all this, when put ,
lat
Lion with his ambition ? There is no c''‘P"-u 01i
s len)
with infamy. The violation of oaths' - wee"'
and freely taken, always sooner or laterdeliti
with its due reward. We have all gs'"r brood'
to the King,, who has made us enjoy pea('
and a mild and paternal government at 110:bes t`)
These blessings, be says, Buonaparte fir fox
ravish from them, it is, therefore, neee
85a.
&e. 61c.
the Nation to rally round the Throne'

(Front Me Gazette de. Fiance) , IDlikt
STRASBURG, MARCH ICL-P—alarShal Stioe'
lr
,O(Albufera) arrived here in 48 hours 1.1.°1n tbe
Inc citizens arm military are animated 'citsregl':
hest spirit towards Government, andlile)7 000
of the immediate departure of Mall I°C°
:rout the South.

~cloci''

tili.elolitjnAosLii,el;sl:l:epl:alesAsile{icedaiii:l:ll4rie:veieeT:svialittslll:
jely3.NY'atai°t t("3"it':":"V'vj:z
;td,Court Of the Tlmilleries. The cries °I
The brave and faithful Lielit.-Gene" e'
ikr.itg,.
I De 1
;(v:oitflui tan acnodnasni(ti
considerable
ee Dci:ii.;sio:;.aorfinTeoettrisip, i_s
iii:
ill
i 5"
to
i 1,01"
c() cut off Buonaparte on the road from n r.tat,
j Lyons, in case he should hazard quitting (th 'el
."--T
lira,
ter city I m
! s -ins, on all sides, asses 01: pt
against him, and we may expect the In°st " prOlii
and happy results from this unanitnitY• ,i„ file
Marshal Macdonald set off to-day t° is)

army under his orders. from lied
Marshal Ney set off post on the 11°, fr
-11 'l.-
san
("ini f" Chaloni sur Soane, wilere 'lc ‘-
c
