EVENING EDITION.

NOTICE is hereby Given, that the PART-
NERSHIP lately subsisting between us, ADAM
MURRAY, RICHARD TATTERSALL, and GEORGE
TATTERSALL, heretofore carrying on the basiness of
AUCTIONEERS and LAND SURVEYORS, at No. 47,
Parliament-street. London, under the firm of 'c Adam Murray
and Tattersall," was this day DISSOLVED, by mutual
consent.

Dated this 4th day of June, 18.10.
ADANI HURRAY,
RICHARD TATTERSALL,
GEORGE TATTERSALL.
N.B. The business will in future be carried on by Mr,
Adam Murray and Sons.

OFFICE of the GAS LIGHT and COKE
COMPANY.
19, New Bridge-street, Blackfriars, London, 3rd June, 1840.
Notice is hereby given, that the COURT of DIRECTORS
of the GAS LIGHT and COKE COMPANY do hereby
declare that a VACANCY has occurred in the COURT of
DIREC FORS, by the Election of William Bateman, Esq., a
Director, to be lieputy Governor of the Company.
Notiee is hereby also given, that a SPECIAL GENERAL
COURT of the PROPRIETORS of this COMPANY will
!)e held at this Office, on SATURDAY, the 27th day of June
Instant, at Eleven o'Clock in the forenoon, for the ELECTION
of a DIRECTOR to supply the said Vacancy ; and that should
Ballot be required, it will continue open for four hours from
Its commencement.
By order of the Court of Directors,
CHARLES BURLS, Secretary.
N.B.—.The Chair will be taken at Twelve o'Clock precisely,
and none but Proprietors admitted.

13, Great Marlborough-sireet.
MRS. 111ABERLI"S NEW NOVEL,
EMILY; OR, THE COUNTESS OF
ROSENDA LE,
IS NOW READY
At all the Libraries, in 3 vols. Jost Bvo.,
With a Portrait of Emily.
Henry Colburn, Publisher, 13, Great Marlborough-street.

NEW HISTORICAL WORK, EDITED BY G. P. R.
JAMES, ESQ.
Just Ready, in 3 vols., Bvo., with Portraits, 365. bound,
LETTERS ILLUSTRATIVE OF THE
REIGN OF WILLIAM 111.
Addressed to the Duke of Shrewsbury,
By JAMES VERNON, Esq., Secretary of State.
Edited, with Introductions and Notes,
By G. P. R. JAMES, Esq.
Author of " Memoirs of the Court of Louis XIV.,"
" &c. . .

Henry Colburn, Publisher, 13, Great Marlborough-street.
Orders received by all Booksellers.

ENGLISH AND FOREIGN FUNDS, JOINT STOCK

_
BANKS, &c.
Price bs. cloth. New Edition, brought down to the present

time.

ACOMPENDIUAOf the ENGLISH and
FOREIGN FUNDS and the JOINT STOCK
COMPANIES, forming an Epitome of the various objects of
Investment Neguciable in London; with an account of the In-
ternal Debts and Revenues of Foreign States, and 'Tables for
calculating the Value of the different Stocks, &c. &c.
By CHARLES FENN (of the Stock Exchange).
" So much useful ratter in so small a compass is seldom to
be met with."—The Times.
London : Effingham Wilson, 15. Bishopsgate Within ; and
Sherwood and Co., Paternoster-row.

SIR SIDNEY SMITH.
Now ready, in 2 vols. post Svo., with two portraits of Sir Sidney
Smith; the first engraved after Opie, and the second (taken
at a subsequent period) after Sir Robert Ker Porter,
MEMOIRS of SIR SYDNEY SMITH,
K. C. B. , &c.
By the Author of " RATTLIN THE REEFER."
" These Memoirs are exceedingly entertaining, for they
&bound in anecdote and romantic incident to a degree not
often witnessed in biographies."—Sun.
" The brilliant career which these interesting volumes re-
cord is well wo:thy of perusal. The ' Hero of Acre' has but
to be mentioned, and we at once associate his name with daring
vaploits and enterprises, with undaunted courage, with sad
imprisonments, and with hair-breadth escapes."—Morning
Chronicle.

Richard Bentley, New Burlington-street,
Publisher in Ordinary to her 3lajesty.

DAVIDGE'S ROYAL SURREY THEATRE.
IrlPmense Novelty.—The Four most popular Pieces of the
Season in one evening. Last Nights of Mine's New Vil-
lage Tragedy, " The Life of a Woman."
THIS EVENING, JUNE 4,
Will he acted the Romance entitled
THE VENETIAN.
With Brunniug's beautiful Scenery.
After which the New Comic Drama, called
EVERYBODY S RELATION.
Supported by the entire strength of the Company.
To which will be added,
THE WET NURSE.
To conclude with the New Village Tragedy, entitled
THE LIFE OF A WOMAN; OR, THE CURATE'S
DAUGHTER.
Realization of Hogarth's celebrated " Harlot's Progress."

ROYAL SURREY ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS.
p
ROMENADE MUSICALE, KONIAPHOSTIC, AND
ERUPTION OF HECLA !
The Second Grand Promenade Musicale et
L'harnpetrc, by
the unrivalled Band of this Establishment, conducted by Mr.
Godfrey, will take place THIS DAY, June 4th.
Grand Intrunental Concert ; Eruption of a Sub-marine Vol-
cano ; Breaki.`g up of the Ice ; First Exhibition of Mr. 11.
Carter's astonisib.ng " Lime Light ;" Panorama al Fresco of
Iceland ; Eruption of Mount Hecla, &c.
/Omission, One Shilling.
Feeding Hour of the Cs.rnivora. Five o'clock.
••••!.

HUM WATER AT LoYDON BRIDOE TO.MORROW.
morning 54 minutes after Evening IS minutes alter 6.

The Pablieation of the Evening Edition of THE SUN com-
menced at 10 minutes after Three.

-
•
,; - k A•Z

‘lk'S

~~i

English landlords be relieved, by the State enacting !
Corn-laws, from the obligation of supporting the
people who grow up on their estates ? Yet
when a tax is imposed upon the rest of the commu-
nity to pay them for giving employment to agri-
cultural labourers, and put their machinery into
profitable use, that very thing is done for them
which Sir ROBERT PEEL, in the passage we have
quoted, emphatically denounces. The whole argu-
ment in favour of the Corn-laws, centers in the
assertion that the State should tax the com-
munity to enable the landlords to provide
for those who have been born on their estates. To
give employment to labour, to interfere with the
supply of labour, which Sir ROBERT PEEL SO
justly censures when Mr. O'BRIEN proposes to
apply the principle to emigration, is the very es-
sence of those Corn-laws which, for a most un-
worthy party purpose, Sir ROBERT PEEL most in-
consistently supports. We have given prominence
to some of his assertions—vie have indicated their
bearing on the Corn-laws—and we hope his excel-
lent speech of Tuesday evening, as the Herald
called it, will be quoted by Mr. VILLIERS, on the
next debate on the Corn-laws, as supplying irre-
fragable arguments against the State taxing the
community to enable the landlords to employ
labourers, and place in profitable use the landlords'
machinery.

Mr. ACLAND has given the electors of Sudbury,
by offering himself to their notice, as will be seen
by an advertisement, an excellent opportunity of
vindicating their character, saving their property,
and striking a deadly blow at the accursed Corn-
law. Mr. ACLAND appeals to them in the cha-
racter of a Corn-law repealer. The electors of
Sudbury are now reproached with venality ; Mr.
ACLAND has nothing to recommend him but his
principles ; by electing him, therefore, they will
prove their own integrity, and hurl back the ca-
lumny on their enemies. For the sake of a good
name, that brightest jewel in man or woman, let
them elect Mr. ACLAND.
To elect him, we maintain, will be pecuniarily
advantageous to them. A pound or two, or per-
haps even a few shillings, is all those will get
who basely sell their votes ; by electing
Mr. ACLAND, they may save as much an-
nually in the price of bread. The Clare elec-
tion carried Catholic Emancipation, and were the
Sudbury election carried on Mr. ACLAND'S
principles, it would be such a decisive proof of
high-souled virtue in the people, that the landlords
would quail in their fastnesses, and speedily give
up the Corn-laws. Such an election would kindle
the slumbering indignation, the irresistible enthu-
siasm of the pepple, and would be the death-knell
of aristocratic injustice. The power to repeal the
Corn laws, and to put down aristocratic oppression,
is now placed in the hands of the electors of Sud-
bury. How much annually they would save by
effecting such a desirable change we pretend not to
calculate ; but it would far surpass all the wages
of corruption. We trust the electors of Sudbury
will not allow this opportunity to escape of vindica-
ting their own honour, and of setting a noble example
to every borough in the empire. Men of Sudbury,
tire eyes of your countrymen are fixed on you, show
yourselves worthy of the name of Englishmen !

Sir ROBERT INGLIS is to persist, according to
the Vote paper of the House of Commons, in bring-
ing forward his motion for more Church and more
parsons. We did entertain hopes that the Repre-
sentative of Oxford having stumbled at the
threshold, would superstitiously have taken that for
an unfavourable omen, and have spared the House
of Commons and the public a further conflict.
Since that is not the case, we must again summon
the Dissenters to the field, and put into their hands
the weapons which the Scotsman has manufactured
for their use. In another place we insert an excel-
lent article from that Journal.

Many of our Dissenting readers, and even many
Dissenting clergymen who preach twice or thrice
every Sunday, and perform all the pastoral duties
in the week belonging to a large congregation ate
probably not aware that in some of the parish
churches of the metropolis no less than three cler-
gymen combine to perform the morning service, or
complete the labour of one man. Such, however, is
the fact, and it is to increase this already too numer-
ous body of men that Sir R. INGLIS is to ask more
money from the House of Commons ; and it will be
to provide luxuries for these idlers that the Dissent-
ers, who pay their own hard-working clergy, will
have to open their pockets, should Sir R. INGLis
succeed. But that is impossible, if our Representa-
tives do their duty.

All our readers, who are accustomed to see Lord
BROUGHAM, Mr.O'CONNELL,JOSEPH STURGE,
and other Liberal politicians, take the lead at as.
semblies for the suppression of slavery, must have
noticed with surprise that Tory politicians and
High Churchmen were most prominent at the late
meeting at Exeter-hall. Bishops, a class of men
who spoke and voted again3t the efforts to suppress
the slave trade as lcng as possible, were there ; and
parsons, who have only lately found out that to
doom men to slavery is to commit a crime, were
called on to address the meeting, while Mr. O'CON-
NELL was obliged to be silent. Sir ROBERT PEEL
took the place of Lord BROUGHAM, and Sir
GEOItGE 'MURRAY was found haranguing for
liberty instead of Sir GEORGE GREY. We have
no objection whatever to this conversion of the
Tories ; we rejoice at their improvement ; but they
ought to be contented to remain in the rear, and
not thrust themselves forward, as if they had
always been the champions of freedom. It is de-
lightful to see them courting popularity, but they
ought not all at once to obscure the services of
other men. Mr. FOWELL BUXTON seemed quite
charmed with his new associates, on the Scripture
principle of being more joyful over one sinner who
has repented than over ninety and nine just per-
sons. He gave his chief smiles to Sir ROBERT
PEEL and the Bishops. He intimated to Mr.
O'CONNELL that he had better retire than
affront, by attempting to speak, the new-
found champions of the negroes. The vulgar
Tories, and the vulgar bigots who were present,
took Mr. FOWELL BUXTON'S hint, and would not
allow one of the most powerful and longest-tried
advocates of the slave to say a word. When Mr.
O'CoNNELL attempted to speak, it is said that Sir
ROBERT INGLIS and Sir THOMAS ACLAND
ordered the great organ to be played, and they
showed their respect for freedom, by stifling the
voice of her sturdiest champion. The conversion
of the Tories, on which Mr. FOWELL BUXTON
seemed to pride himself may be sincere,
but their treatment of Mr. O'CONNELL
was no evidence of sincerity. When negroes
see the names of BUXTON and LUSHING-
TON mingled with those of PEEL and CUNNING-
HAM, they will think their friends have got into
strange company, and when they find Mr. BUXTON
presiding over a meeting which applauds a Bishop
and will not hear Mr. O'CONNELL, they will share
the indignation of the public, and be apprehensive
that Mr. BUXTON himself has been converted to
bigotry and Toryism.

The Hanoverian Chamber of Deputes voted on
the 19th ult., by a majority of 21 to 16, that the
National Representatives had only a deliberative
or consultative voice in the enactment of laws—
the initiation of all laws being a Royal prerogative.
Base and degraded as are the majority of the per-
sons whom King ERNEST, by his Royal authority,
has constituted Deputies, we were not prepared for
the exhibition of such an instance of infamous
subserviency as is manifested in this treasonable
vote against the Constitution and the liberties of
Hanover. But it is not by the suffrages of twen..y-
four traitors to their country that ERNEST will
succeed in enslaving Hanover. The people will
not suffer their dearest political rights to be thus
bartered away by the creatures of a despot as con-
temptible abroad as he is odious at home. But
if it be treason in a subject to resist the laws, where-
fore should a Sovereign be held irresponsible who
thus perseveringly labours, by the most corrupt
means, to overturn the Constitution of his kingdom?
Ate there not crimes by which thrones are for-
feited ? The tyranny which produced the Revo-
lution of 1688 in England has been an hundred-
fold exceeded in atrocit) by
.the proceedings of the
Hanoverian Government since the accession of
CUMOERLAND to the kingly office. We are therefore
