FRIDAY EVENING, APRIL 21, 1826.

of precipitation, and contended that it was not a new thing to com-
plain of the state of West India property, for that property had
never been prosperous, and he rejoieed at it, for its prosperity was
founded on the misery of Slaves.
Lord REDESDALE explained.
The LORD CHANCELLOR thought. it important to the
country to state, that the language of petitions bad been from time
to time for gradual Abolition. That -language bad also been held
by Parliament.
Earl GROSVENOR explained. The Petition was then laid
on the table.

The Marquis of LANSDOWN. 'said, he had a Petition to
present from the Inhabitants of, Barnard Castle on the subject
of Colonial Slavery. The Petitionera did not ask their Lord-
ships to have recourse to immediate emancipation ; it re-
sembled in that respect every Petition, he. had been oiled
on to present. The Noble Marquis added, that he had care-
fully examined every Petition put into his hands, and if he
had seen a request for immediate einancipation, he should
not have laid it before their Lordship 4. The Petitioners said
they approVed of the 'resolution pawed ite Joel, as being well
calculated to accomplish the gradual abolition of .slavery. Ile
knew of no mode of proceeding; mor-e4ely to prevertrim4eteriora-
tine of Colonial property. Nothingstould mare promote. the 3 r CU,
rity of West India proprietmak.than 4,-diviiition on the WO of the
legislating bodies, for ameliorating .tbe condition of the *laves.
Parliament had exercised, forbearance before unknown. Their
Lordships had called on them to do jaatice to the unhappy
slaves, and taught them a lesson which be hoped would be
adopted by those legislators, when they came seriously to reflect
on the state' of that society in which they were placed. There
could be but one opinion, Emancipation, to be effectual, must be
gradual.—The Petition was then laid on the table.
Earl FORTESCUE presented a similar Petition' from Greet
1 Torrington.
The Marquis of LANSDOWN presented a Petition, hay=
ing the same object in view, from the parish of All Saints,
Poplar.
Also a Petition from the Queen's County for revi.siou of the
Corn Laws.—Laid on the table. The House then adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

MISCELLANEOUS

•
General EGASCOYNE presented a petition from Liverpool,
against the present system of Licensing Public-houses.--Laid on
the table.

Sir J. SEBRIGHT presented a petition from the Watermen
of the River Thames, plying between Westminster Bridge and
Vauxhall, complaining of the hardships they were likely to en-
dure, if the Bill then before the blouse were allowed to pass into
a law, *0 one of the regulations of the Bill restricted them from
plying on a Sunday, which was one of their most lucrative days.
The lion. Member stated, that the majority of the petitioners
were men of industrious habits, and had large families to main-
tain.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. S. RICE presented it petition from Clon Gibbon, in the
county of Cork, against the Peace Preservation Act.—Lail on
the table. •

Mr. S. WORTI.EY moved for leave-to bring in a Bill to re.
gulate the taking the Poll at County Elections in York.
Mr. HUME hoped there would be ,some regulation in this
Bill to bring the electors to the poll in greater numbers, than the
present system of coming one by one.
Mr. S. WORTLEY explained. The-Hon. Meinber's regula-
tion could not be adopted at elections in York, on account of the
want of accommodation for more than a limited number at a time.
—(A laugh.)
Mr. SYKES was afraid there would hardly be sufficient tune
to go into the merits and demerits of the Bill this Session.
After a few observations from Lord STANt.Ity,

Mr, S. WORTLEY obtained leave to bring in the Bill.
Mr.' S. RICK moved for a Return of the Duty on Newspe.-
pers in Ireland during the last five years, previous to January,
18426 ; also the Stamp Duty on such Papers in England us well
as Ireland.
Also, the number of Gallons of Spirits distilled in Scatland,
from raw material, distinguishing such spirit from that distilled
from malt; together with the number of Bushels of Malt, or
other ingredient used in the distillation of 'such spirit, during the
same period.
Also, the number of Gallons of Spirit distilled in Ireland from
Malt, with the number of Bushels employed in such distillation,
and the drawback duty of one shilling a gallon on such spirit,
from January 1823, to 1825.—Ordered.
Mr. SYKES gave notice" of his intention to move, on Wed-
nesday next, for leave to bring in a Bill relative to the Rights'of
Election.

111 r. Sergeant ONSLOW presented a petition from the Attor-
neys and Solicitors practising in the Courts of Westminster against
any alteration in the articles of Clerkship.—Laid on the table.

CURRENCY.

The LORD ADVOCATE presented a petition from the Royal
Burgh of Pittenvireem against any alteration in the currency of
Scotland.—Referred to the Committee.

Mr. S. RICE presented petitions from two Parishes in the
County of Limerick against any interference in the circulation of
small notes in Ireland.—Referred to the Committee on the bank-
ing system of Scotland and Ireland.
