CV.RTIPICATES—Ocr. 5.

V.Vitt, Deal, liatter—T.Nlittivr,-Pule, talfordhltire,miller,
•lieybr Vic, FAkult,
Matd.l6, •braiier+.l4, :tor y; sea. Stotafur4l, braxier.-T
IttibeM, Altreit,a, I Icrl,Hbirt., tellraunger.

.1. llud+3irstutt, if. listm, mist Ntarypirt,
Cusolsrtheitdi tinsher:inerelsoota—..W. 13. tiritue
NlottClse*ter, tolicovitites nil .1. 1teter5...1111,41,,F.
I).t • anti 7.
Ctiveary, inaisofisesittet.—A„ .1.. watt:, it'es-r,,
Nails: hest er. sillt kiistilt..cr elite'. i :se tllret II , ,41
and IV Niverimui, strut s News,.o “iiii .;
Ha, tsl, Ana
N. Britwoll. etwesitiy,
MOM .1. Peoesiek,
ati.l .1 A. We..k., Nev.. ti.irougl wine— erel:,to
Doti I'l. liteteril.Le, LIMN, u,..11 tr Day,
tirg)isielt; (tuitions...4'i. %Voile's 010 sycnanti..ts
.blitt‘entlittri -ash' IV. 13'1,
scoossus...re, att.l T;
pia ir■ter, tonsell.ritakek--.1. rl'alt
gave, !spews...J. •Willien, .1. •os-otiti. %V.
ispittari,Cliropside,li.iir.tstaitufactoreval.—(i. 4114 IV.
sottiv mon:

all the vicissitudes of n Jong life.of
public service, no circumstance has ever produce()
on my mind such impressions of glatitude anti joy
as the event (!f yeiterday. To have been one of
the bumble instruments, in the hands of Divine
Provyence? for , bringing to reason a ferocious
Governinent, and destroying for ever the insider-,
able horrid system of Chri,,t;an slavery, rktli never
.cease to be 11 source of delight and heartfelt com-i
fort to- evpy Itsdlitdual happy riough to be em-
ployed in, it. I may, 1 hope, be pel'initted., under
such itnpressions, to oiler my sincere congratula-
tions to their Lordships on the Complete success
which attended the falma effort; of las,Majcsty's
fleet in their attack upon Algiers 6fPestercl..y ;
and the happy result produced fronr it on this (14
by the signature of peace.
Thus bas a provoked (vac of two existence
been attended by a complete victory, and closesi
by a renewed peace for England, and her Ally,-tho
King of the I4etbetlands, on conditions dictateti
by the. firmness and wisdom of his Majesty's Go 4
veintitent, and commanded by the vigour of their

,
'measures. •
AI), thanks are justly clue for the. hander and
confidence his Majesty's ;Ministers • have beets
pleased to ralitiiit on my teal,, on this highly itrp:
poftent occasion. The means were by then* Ma d&
Aticgitate to • my own wishes, and the rapidity of
their measitres sr's); for themselves. Not iroie
lion One hundred days scitce, I kit A titters with
the liritisli fleet, unsuspicious anti igtiormit ..,t
the atrocities whieli bad been couintit tot at gulia ;
,ti.t fleet on its at rival in Enginitil Nes Peeess,al‘ly
thabanileof, awl Knight r, %sigh p:opttrtioliate ie.
sources, created awl et/nipped; tilta 1410Si/401 I'll.*
pl,',lfttk ill it's vrogieiaby callitS:#l.4l. 46:erst w'htt,
has poured the vengeance of an insulted nation, its
chastising the cruelties of A ferocious Govern-
rtierit, .vith a pioniptitatli beyond eKaropfe, and
bigiliy hontitirable to the [Hulot-id' ,cliariwter, e.tger
to resent. oppressfon ot cleicitY, whenever piaci ise4
upon those under thvir,,protection.•.,
Would tO. G0t1,..
,tbat. in the IttidllllllClll of tilt,
obJect 1 had not deeply to lament the severe lost
of so many gallant officera- end Men ; they hare
prolotely bled iv a contest which has.been petit-.
liarly msrked .11,7 proofs of such devoted heroismas. vititild rotiie every noble feethig, did' 1 dare iri...
diage in relating then.
Their Lordships will already have been inform-
' cc!, by his Alojesty'i sloop. Jattp'er,- of my proceed.:
;rigs up to the I.lth instant, pn wbi6ti thly I bro'Ne
ground from Gibraltar, after a iesistiutts deten-
' tido, by a to'ilf wield; ,cif foitr -days. '
The fleet, cotifpleie iit till its points, with the
addition of five gun-boats fitted at Gibraltar, de-
: parted in the liteest. spirits; tend with the most
favettratie prospect of resehrog the Pert of their
destination in three days ; but an adverse wind
tiestroyed.thectpectatiin'iof nu elifit nt4..ical, which
. was the more anxiottily looked for by myself, 4t
consequence of ,hearing, fhe day I Sailed
,fron4
• Gibraltar, that a large armY hag been a's,einliled,'
antltinit very consitletat!le
,litiirional wotbs'Weries
.throwiug up, not only on bOth flanks of the city;
but ilio Innticifictely shoot the entrance Of the
Mole : froth this I' wis'apttrehensive that rnlt 111-
tetninn of making 'that Point My principal object
of attack, , Ise d been discovered to,the Deiy by the
same meansite tid heard if the otileifition. nit*
illtelli4enet was., on the following night, greatly
eborictued by tire-tirnmettitql, , which I ii 1,4 ir flit .4
[hitched to Aigfcts 'some. titne before, to coda.
voal. to g',,',.t dcvay the Conittt. Qopiutrt 1)311111VC}A
hitli Wil.li difficulty sorxectictl in bringing away,-
di ~,tiised i'li inlilSittp'ottatie in) iTneni , his Wire at
,HAghter, leaving a boat to bring, na- their r:ifilgt
cl..dfi, ettmiti.4kdovin in .1 basket with. the stireoni
whit th.,oglti he hail cOmposetrit, fott if eittlmppi'ly
. ct Ltd in the gite- way, and io, ct.ilerlii:.ticr the

siorgetm, Once millArttiprneil, its ts!l eigt4ivt Tv Ir.
slim. Wert' .'iZelt anti COnfined s SidVeS in the
11,1.11 chila tv,,s se,,t t 1 neSt
is;.,. to! illy D 441, ivt,l Ks. ,i oojit4rr it)sta .ca
of Oil it tiot,),E to b te'ror.led
vOkifill.vit tt 41.), IOC

AD ,000 men. had been brought down from the lu-
14tior,. and all the Janisarics called in from dis-
`tun t garrisons, and that, they were indefatigably
employed in 'their batteries; gnu4oats, &c. and
-every where strengthenill\-the defences. .
The Dey informed CaPtain)lashwood, be knew
peifectly will the armanent was -destined for Al--
Tiers, anti askell him a it was tint ; he replied, if
he had such information, he knew as much as be
did, and probably from the same source---the pub-
,
lie prints.
The ships were all In port; and between forty

and fifty gun and mortar boats ready, with seve-
,.: -rat more in forward repair. The Dcy bad closely
tinfined the Consul, and refused tither tai give
np, ortromise his personal safety ; nor would
lie bear a word respecting the officers and men
itiaed in the boats of the 'Prometheus.
From the. continuance' of; adverse winds end
ealms, the hind to the westward of Algiers was
not made before the 116111, and the next morning
Istday-break the fleet was advanced iu sight of the.
city, though not so near as I had intigoled. As
'the ships were becalmed, I embraced this oppor-
tunity of disputching.a boat, under cover of the
Severn, with a flag of truce, and the demands I
had to make, in the.name of his Royal Iliglotess
the Prince Regent, on the Dey of Algiers (o!
1006 the aceontpanying are copies) direetiog the
Officer to wait two ur three hours for the Deys'
answer, at which time, .it no reply was sent, he
seas to return :to the flag-ship ; he was met near
the Mole by the Captain of the Port, who, on be-
ing told the answer was expected in one hour, re-
plied that it was impossible. The Officer then,
said he wouldwait: two or three hours ; he then
observed, two hours was' i silte Inficient. •
1: The fleet as this time by' the springing up of
she sea breeze, had reached the bay, and as ere
preparing the boats Ind flotilla for service, until
hear two o'clock, when, observing my Officer was
returning with the signal flying, that. no answer
had been received, alter a delay of upwards of
three hours, Irinstantly made the signal to know
if the ships were all ready, whiehbehig answered
in the affirmative, the Queen Charlene bore up,
followed up by the fleet, for their oppniated
tai ions ; the flag, leading in the precriheil order,
Wtl3 anchored in the entrance of the Male, at
'about forty yards dlitance.. At ink mnment not
a gun had been fired, and I began to stirlicet a
full compliance with the ternikwhich hail been so
many hours in their hands ; tat this period of pro.
iound silence, a shot was.. fired- at us from the
?Joie, and two nt the ships to tlienotthward then
folloWlog ; this was promptly returned by the
Queen Charlotte,' who was then lashiog to the
Thuintraq ()fa brig, fast to the shore in the mouth
of the Mole, and which we had steered fur, as the
guidtto our position,. • • • ,
Thus commenced a fire as animated ant! %rot<
isuplitirted as, 1 believe, was ever wititessed, from
a (platter before three until nine, without inter-
ttnission, and which did not cease altogether until
Itallpast eleven.
The ships immediately following Me were ad-
itairubly and coolly taking
,their' stations, with a
precision even beyond 'my liltltt, sanguine hope ;
and never did' the liriasf) isiigfet7eire, at any tre-
- 'colon, mire zealons•ainritOritutrable suppoi t.-
70 look further .on 'the line than immediately
round me was perfectly impossible, but so well
grounded was my confidence nt the gallant Officers
1 had the honour to command, that my mind was
left perfectly 'rue to attend to other objects, and
I knew them in their stations only by the destruc-
tive effect of their fire upon the walls and batteries
to which they were opposed.
- 1 had about this time the satisfaction of seeing
Nice-Admiral Van Cappellen's flag in the station
I had assigned to him, and soon after, at inter-
eats, the remainder of his frigates; keeping up a
•well supported fire on the flanking batteries he
had offered to cover us from;' as it bad not been
in toy power, • for want of iotteto; to bring him in
'the front of the Mole,

- About sun-set.l received a 'message from Hear-
Addlirdi Milne, conveying to me the severe loss
the Impregnable was snstaining, having then one
loindred and fifty killed and wontuted, and rt—
ipiesting I would, if possible, semi him a' frigate
to divert some of the fire he wa3 tinder.
The Glasgow, near me, immediately weighed,
bat the wind bad been driven away by the can.
ponotle, arid she was n-bligcd to anchor again,
baying obtained rattier a better position than be-
,

1 had at Ibis time sent orders to the eNplosion-
, vessel, under the charge of Lieutenant Fleming
and Mr. Parker, by Captain Iteade, of the eni
ginc crs, to. bring her into the Aiole,; but the
Rear-Admiral having thought 'she would do,him
`essential service if exploded under the battery in
front, I sent orders to this vessel to that effect.
which were executed. 1 desired also the Rear-
' Admiral might be informed, that many of the
ships being note in flameS, and certain ut the de.

. limn:firm of the whole, I considered I hail cxc.
crated the roost impintant Pan of my instructions,
end should wake every preparation for withdrtw...
ing the ships, and desired he would do,so soon
as possible with .his division.
'there were awful moments during the conflict,
which cannot now attempt to describe, occasion-
ed by firing the ships so near us, and I hail long
. resisted the enger intrcaties of several around me,
to malie the attempt upon the outer frigate, dis-
tant about 100 yards, which at length I gave into,
and Major Gossett, by my side, who had been
- eager to land his corps of misters, pressed me most
anxiously for permission to accompany Lieutenant
Bichards in the ship's barge. The frigate was
jostaudy boarded, and in ten minutes in a perfect
7,e : 'a ealiant young Alitiortyman, in Rocket-
boat No H. although, forbidden, was led by his
sident spirit to follow in support of tile barge, in
Lich he -IVUS deqperatcly wounded,' his brother

ofEtcr•kille3,-stnd nine of 11;'3 ertt•- 'They large
by rowinOuore rapidly, had suffered leas, and lost
but two. • •
Theetteitay's batterks aronnd iisy divistott ''ere
about ten o'clock silenced, and in a state of per-
fedi ruin and dilapidatibn, and the fire of the ships
was reserved as much as possible, to save powder,
and-reply ta a few guns now and then beating
upon us, although a fort on the upper angle of
the city, on which our guns could nut be brought
to bear, eoutinttedto annoy the ships by shot and
thells during the whole time.
Providence at this interval gave to my anxious
wishes the usual laud wind, common in this hay,
and my expectations Were completed. We, were
all hands employed in warping bud 'lowing off,
and by the help of the light air, the whole were
under sail, and came to anchor out of read, of
shells, about two in the morning, after twelve
hours' incessant labour.

Tbeilotilla of mortar, gun, and rocket boats,
under 04e direction of their respective artillery
officers, shared, to the full extent of their power,
in the honours of this day, and performed gdod
service ; it was by their lire all the ships in the
port (with,. the exception of the outer frigate)
were in flames, which extended rapidly over the
whole arseual, store-houses and gim-boats,
hibiting.a spectacle of awful grandeur' and ink.
rest no pen can describe.
The sloops of war Which had been appropriated
to aid and assist the ships of the line mat prepare fur
their retreat, performed not only that duty well,'
but embraced every opportunity of firing through
the inieryals, ansi were colistatitly in motion. The %hens' from the bonsbs were admirably well,
thrown by the royal marine artillery; althOugh
thrown directly across and over tts, not an acci-
dent, that 1 know at, occurred ill nay ship.
The whole was condoeted in perfecfsilenee, and
such a thing as ttebeer 1 never beard ht any part
Of the line ; and that the gnus were well .worked
and directed, will he seen for manylears to_conte,
and remembered by these barbarians for ever.
conducting this ship to her Station by the
Masters of theleet, and ship,, excited the praise
of all. The former has been my couspanjoo iu
arms for more Own 20 years.
thtVing thus detailed, although hot imperfectly,
the progress of this short service, 1 venture to
hope, that the humble and' devoted set vices of
filyggii nod the Officers and mess of every descrip-
tion I. have the honour to comnsaml, will he re-
ceived by his rtoyal Highness the Prince Regent
with his accustomed grace. ihe approbation of
our service% by our Sovereign,., antl.ilm good 00-
pion of ems country, will, I venture to a ffirin, be
received by us all with the highest skisfaction.
If I attempted to name to their -Lordships the
numerom Officers n ho, its such a enuffeet, hate
been at different periods snore conspicuous than
their companions, I should do injustice to many ;
and 1 trust there Is no Oilier). in the fleet 1 have the
hominy to coinnowd, xvlio will doubt Ilse raiteful
feellurs 1 shall ever clues isls for their unbouncled
and unlimited support. Not an flitn:r nor Wills
Confined lifS CXe!dOnS Within the raTtjtie lisal(Nof
their own deity ; all were eager to attempt services
fousul none- to restrain than ex-
; amt 'lowlier:: was this feeling more conspi-
CllOl9 111311. In my own Captain, viol those officet.%
immediately shout my persosp, Day gratitude and
'balk-, are due to al! ruder my conimand, as well
as to Vice-Adiniral Cain:lieu, and theA.hficers and
the squadron of hip Majesty the Kifsg of .the Ne-
therlands I and 1 trust tlity will believe that the
recollec:ion of their services will never cease hilt
with taty life. In no instance have' ever seen
wore energy and ; from the yolingest MUl-
shiptiuto to the highest rank, all seemed animated
by /me sof% and of which I shall with delight bear
testimony to their Lordships, ivhenevet that tes-
thanne can he useful.

•
I have confided this dispatch to Rear-Admiral
Nike, my second in command, from whom I
have received, during the whole service intrusted
to me, thy most cordial and houont..ttile support.
lie is perfectly informed of every t!tot;action of
the fleet, front the earliest pvvindO(My effinmand,
and is fully competent to give their Lordships nit-
any point which I may have over-
lool;cd, or have not time to state. '; trust I have
nbtnned from Will his esteem and regard, .and
regret had not sooner been known ti, in. •
The necessary paperf., together with the defects
of the ships awl the retort' of killed Hod wounded,
accompany this dispatch, and I inn happy to say
Captain Ekins and Cootie ate doing well, as plso
the whole of the wounded. By accounts front the
shore t understand the enemy's loss in killed soul
wounded is between six and 'seven tiottsand men.

lu recorniviendim: my Officers and flect iu tirrir
Lordships' pill; eCtioll ►+n:ir favour.,
114VC the honour to be, So.
EXMOUTH.

A nr.Nma.ti, fln,rg.tcr of the Kit.t.r.n and WouNew,ll io the
Swot.lvor, wider Adopir4l L. 1.4 Esmowrsr's- fiunurtuoti. in
the Atrack uF Algiers, the .2711 t August, 181 d.
Quven (Marlette, Admiral Lord Exmouth, G. C. D., Cnpt.
Jaunt llibliatte, ,eroorn, I ota;jor, I,illed; 14 offi-
' cers, 82 seamen, .2.1 marities, roarine artillery, 5 saitpurs and
miners, 4 Lots, wounds:cf.
leivegualde, licar-,l(hoiraT Milne, Copt. 1:11.11race, C. 13.
office', I 7 toitivirri, }t) bur's, ; 2 tillieers,
I 11 sirotnen, 21 marines, 9 suppers ;stir& miners, 17 boys,
wuanded,
Superb, Charles El.ins—e officers, marines,
1 rocket troop, Lined ; ti 2 seattieu, I'4 marines, 2
n) rive sielilferv, wounded.
Minden, IVilliasti l'et6rtion--5 seamen, tt ninritres,
officers, 26 seattien, 9 marittra,
Albion, John Coorle-4 ()dicers, t'se.butatt,lfilleill 2 officers,
10 stainers; 31 tntioes, wounded.
Leauflei, (;het ham, C. 11.-4 eakt.ra, svamen, t Hsi.
vii*, killed; ti rittieert, 69 seamen, 24 marines; 4 buys, 12 su-
pernumeraries, wounded.
Severn, lion. T. W. Aylmer-2 seamen, 1 marine, kilted;
S officers, iSsuansen, 3 marines, 1 buy, wounded.
Glasgow, Hun. A. ...rnitlau, 1 RlATillt, ;
offices, 25*4..uturit' 3 marines, I boy, %Imitated.
Gerstifeus. W.' Y.Wise.-11 • otlievrx, 9 seamen, 1 marine, I
marine artillery, 2 boys, killed; 5 ottieeri, Al %cameo, 3 ma-
rines, 2 rocket treolts, t buy, wounded.. • .. •
Ilrhrtot, Ed. Palmer, C. odieer.p,scantrit, Rifled ; 1
officer, 10 penmen, I marine, d socket teoup, I buy, wounded,
Heron, George !lent ham—Notsr killed- or wounded.
l‘futine, James Nfould—'Nune. kilted Or woottoled.
Pronletheus, W. 11. Dulttenoth--:,:otte killed or wounded.
Cori-1044.W, Sarpott-..Nutto killed or wounded.
Brittounat, ft- Itiddrl).-.Nonc-Lilleil or wounded.
Beelselruls. It tltirru Ketoptliorn e—Norse 14i1 kit ir wounded.
infernal, 11mr. Cf. J.Terceral-1 utller t, $ staumn,l:llled
et officers, a sonnet), I tiluviv., outiikry, 1,0)s. wuultieti.
ilecia. W. Popham—Norte billvd ur irimutied.
Asti, t: it. Aloorsom...-None killed or wautitiod.,
Tutal—lS nificers, 63 seamen,. .19 minim's, I piarine Astir
levy, 1 ruche'. troop, 4 buys, killydt b 9 oll:cers, 440 *gamuts;

tna►:iuts, amtlige artillery, I t rapi%ers and rnineri, 4
rockit troop, 81 hoyt, 12 supernutnera wounded. -
Totirl killed and wounded-1.23 killed, 690 wolintied.
