The Noble Earl may rest assured, during the
prorogation of Parliament, that the country and
the Reformed House of Commons will not next
session let the matter sleep. A signal example
to the Aristocracy must be inflicted, and it will
be a real kindness and benefit to them to check
their mad political career. It may be the salva-
tion of their " Order."

The French Papers contain no positive in-
telligence respecting the state of the King of
SPAIN'S health, though they abound in rumours
on the subject ; the Tribune, in particular,
affirming that his MAJESTY is actually dead.
LOUIS PHILLIPPE, it seems, left Paris on Mon-
day for Cherbourg, and Donna MA ttrA on Tues-
day for Havre, where it is supposed she would
halt, until she received further orders from her
father. The proposed marriage of her MA-
JESTY with the young Duke of LEUCHTEN-
BERG, son of the late celebrated EUGENE
BEAUHARNOIS, was supposed to be very un-
acceptable to LOUIS PHILLIPPE, whose ambi-
tion would receive a severe check by it, as he
had destined the young QUEEN for one of his
own sons, the young Duke of NEMOURS. The
Moniteur mentions that the ratifications relative
to the Post-Office Convention, for the establish-
ment of a daily estafette between London and
Paris, have at been exchanged.

A return has been printed, by order of the

House of Commons, of the quantity of spirits
of different kinds consumed in the different
sections of the United Kingdom, with the duty
yielded by each in the years 1831 and
1832. As far as the consumption of
spirits can be taken as a criterion of the
condition of the middle classes, and their
having money beyond what is absolutely requi-
site for procuring the necessaries of life,
this return shows an improvement in the year
1832 over 1831. The consumption of spirits
of all sorts in gallons was, in 1831, in England,
12,152,052, being a decrease on the year before
of 357,450 gallons; in Scotland, 5,866,125,
being a decrease on the year before of 316,982
gallons ; in Ireland, 8,740,139, being a decrease
on the year before of 294,101 gallons. The
total decrease of consumption in the year 1831
as compared with 1830, is 968,533 gal-
lons. In 1832 there was a further decrease
of 775,832 gallons. Notwithstanding thi., how.
ever, the net amount of duty in 1832 exceeded
that of 1831 by 161,8301., being in the former
year 8,413,5521., and in the latter 8,251,7221.
The cause of the apparent anomaly is this, that
the decrease of consumption has been in the home
made spirits, bearing a duty in Scotland and Ire-
land of3s. 4d. pergallon, and in England of 7s. 6d.,
the difference of 3s. 2d. being imposed on the
drinkers of English spirits, on account of, and
in reward of, their obedience to the law, and
not engaging so much as the Scotch and Irish
in illicit distillation. Foreign spirits bearing a
duty of 11. 2s 6d. per gallon have had
an increased consumption, and hence the
rise of the revenue, in spite of the de-
crease in the total consumption of spirits.
The nature of the spirits, the consumption of
which has increased, must, we think, be taken
to show an improvement in the state of the
middling classes. On the other hand, the
falling off in the consumption of home made
spirits cannot, strange as it may seem, be taken as
an indication of increased poverty in the
lower classes ; and for this reason, that we
believe we can trace the falling off to the
operation of the Temperance Societies in Scot-
land. In that country home made spirits
have generally formed the staple consumption.
In 1831, the quantity of home made spirits con-
sumed in Scotland was 5,700,689 gallons,
whilst that of foreign spirits was only 39,744
gallons, and of Colonial spirits 125,702
gallons. Last year, however, whilst the
foreign rose to 69,236 gallons, and the colonial
only sank to 112,026 gallons, the consumption
of home made spirits fell to 4,861,515, being a
decrease, as compared with the preceding year,
of 839,174 gallons. If this be the result of the
Scotch Temperance Societies, and they go on at
this rate, the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
will very shortly have to find some remedy against
the increasing sobriety of the people. Were Lord
BEXLEY still the director of our finances, we
might look forward to a counterbalancing duty
upon temperance societies ; as it is, we have some
hopes that the people will be allowed to grow
sober should they be so minded.

It is refreshing to watch the progress of those
sound and liberal commercial principles, which
are the happy results of peace and a good un-
derstanding between nations. In this view of
things we have been much struck with the sen-
timents expressed by Monsieur SHIT, the
Deputy of Antwerp, and the chief of the com-
mercial administration of Belgium, and arc happy
to transfer them to our columns, as we find them
in the Blackburn Gazelle, which contains an
account of a meeting held to welcome Dr. Bow-
RING'S visit to that place.
Mr. SMIT'S health king drunk, he delivered
an animated speech, of which the following is a
translation :

" Gentlemen, I cannot remain silent after the high
compliment you have just paid me. I regret that I am
under the necessity of addressing you in a language which
many of you will not understand, but I hope I shall find
a friend in this assembly, who will explain to you the
sentiments I express. I cannot say, Gentlemen, that I
have per fectly understood all that my friend Dr. Bowring
has said to you, in the impressive address which he has
just delivered, but if, as I apprehend, he has spoken to
you of those reforms which are wanting in many depart-
ments of your Legislature—if he has told you that no
genuine reform can be expected in this country until you
obtain a Legislature which will faithfully represect the
opinions of the people—if he has told you that those
changes in the system of your administration to which I
allude, would secure instead of disturbing the pace of this
empire—if, in fine, he has said that Reform should have
for its object the security of Civil liberty and the esta-
blishment of Commercial liberty throughout the world—
a liberty which is destined, I hope, to become, in our
time, the most powerful lever ever employed to work the
interests of all nations—if, as I apprehend, he has told
you all this, permit me to join 11131 in the expression of
the same sentiments, and you in your approbation of them.
It does not become me, Gentlemen, on this occaaion to say
much on the subject of your local interests, but allow me
at least to say, that the high opinion you justly entertain
of my friend, his public and domestic virtues, the esteem
in which he is held by other nations, and his extensive
commercial knowledge, give him incontestible claims to
become the champion of your interests. I belong, Gen-
tl-rnen, to a nation whose efforts in the cause of political
liberty, whose commerce arid whose industry entitle it, I
think, to the sympathy and the consideration of the people
of England. Founded as her Constitution now is upon
m principles, and possessed as she now is of her
national era iindependence, it will be her object to promote
her own welfare by the closest relations with this and other
countries. I trust, Gentlemen, that the differences now ex-
isting between her and Holland will be shortly decided, and
that commercial relations will be established between two
nations which naturally depend so much upon each other
for their welfare. Then will those elements of discord be
dissolved, which a short time ago threatened the general
peace of Europe. It is by preserving that peace, Gentle-
men, that the nations of Europe will best enable them-
selves to consider those improvements which their condi-

tion require, and from such treaties with each other as
will insure political and commercial liberty, and promote
the general welfare. These, I know, are the sentiments
of my friend, Dr. flowring, and persuaded that they are
yours also, I beg of you, once more, to receive the best
expression I can give you of my gratitude for the marked
attention you have paid me this evening. Mr. Smite
resumed his seat amidst the loudest cheering."

PROROGATION

PAULI A 'WENT.

His MAJESTY having signified his intention
to prorogue the Parliament in person, the usual
preparations were made suitable to an occasion
of so great a matter of state ceremony.
In the course of the forenoon, vast numbers
of persons began to congregate on the line of
the Royal procession, from St. James's Palace
to the House of Lords. A great number of
police were stationed on the same line to pre-
serve order and regularity, under the superin-
tendance of Commissioners ROWAN and
MAYNE. Sir FREDERICK A. RowE, Chief
Magistrate of Bow-street, was also on duty,
and in the immediate vicinity of the entrance to
the House of Lords and Commons, Hr. LEE,
the Deputy High Constable of Westminster,
had stationed a strong party of the local con-
stabulary of the city of Westminster to prevent
interruption to the Members in their progress to
those Houses.

About one o'clock a detachment of the Royal
Horse Guards Blue was stationed along the
line of approach, and at the same time a detach-
ment of the Royal Horse Guards (first regiment)
dismounted, arrived, and lined the gallery lead-
ing from the royal entrance at the House of
Lords to the Painted Chamber. Both that
gallery, and the Painted Chamber, contained a
great number of ladies of rank and fashion.
In the interior of the House of Lords the
scene was very animating. About twelve o'clock
the Peeresses began to arrive, and take their
seats on the Peers' benches. A greater number
of those ladies attended upon this, than almost
upon any former similar occasion, and the effect
was very striking. By the time his MAJESTY
arrived, there must have been at least 150 ladies
present, and but little room was left for the
Peers, of whom, indeed, there was but a com-
paratively small number. All the Peers wore
their robes and orders.
The Gallery appropriated to strangers, was
crowded at an early hour.
The LORD CHANCELLOR entered the House
about one o'clock, and after prayers were read
by the Bishop of HEREFORD, gave judgment in
the case of a Scotch Appeal, the particulars of
which were of no public interest. The House
then adjourned during pleasure.
Most of the Judges took their seats on the
Woolsack, and Prince TALLEYRAND, Prince
ESTERHAZY, and nearly all the other Ambassa-
dors from Foreign Powers occupied seats on the
Bishop's Benches.
The KING entered the House at a quarter past
two o'clock, the Commons having bee❑ called
in, and the SPEAKER made his speech, his
MAJESTY said—
" MY LORDS AND GENTLEMEN,
" In opening the present Parliament, I stated
that never at any time had subjects of greater inte-
rest and magnitude called for your attention.
" The manner in which you have discharged the
duties thus committed to you, now demands my
warmest acknowledgments, and enables me to close
a Session not more remarkable for its extended
duration, than for the patient and persever-
ing industry which you have displayed in
many laborious inquiries, and in perfecting the
various legislative measures which have been
brought under your consideration.
" I continue to receive from my Allies, and from ,
all Foreign Powers, assurances of their friendly
disposition.

"I regret that I cannot yet announce to you
the conclusion of a definitive arrangement between
Holland and Belgium, but the convention which,
in conjunction with the King of the French, I con-
cluded in May last with the King dale Netherlands,
prevents a renewal of hostilities in the Low
Countries, and thus affords a fresh security for the
general continuance of peace.
" Events which have lately taken place in Por-
tugal have induced me to renew my diplomatic
relations with that kingdom, and I have accredited

a Minister to the Court of her Most Faithful Ma.
jesty at Lisbon.

" You may rest assured that I look with the
greatest anxiety to the moment when the Portu-
guese Monarchy, so long united with this country
by the ties of alliance, and by the closest bonds of
interest, may be restored to a state of peace, and
may regain its former prosperity.
" The hostilities which had disturbed the peace
of Turkey have been terminated, and you may be
assured that my attention will be carefully directed
to any events which may affect the present state or
the future independence of that Empire.
"An investigation carefully prosecuted during
the last session, has enabled you to renew the
charter of the Bank of England, on terms which
appear to be well calculated to sustain public credit,
and to secure the usefulness of that important esta-
blishment.

" The laborious enquiries carried on by the Com-
mittees of both Houses of Parliament for several suc-

cessive sessions, have also enabled you to bring the

affairs of the East India Company to a satisfactory

adjustment. I have the most confident expectation that
the system of Government thus established will

prove to have been wisely framed, for the improve-
ment and happiness of the natives of India, whilst

by the opening of the China trade, a new field has

been afforded for the activity and enterprize of

British commerce.

" The state of slavery in my colonial possessions
has necessarily occupied a portion of your time and
your attention commensurate with the magnitude

and the difficulty of the subject, whilst your deli.
berations have been guided by the paramount con-
siderations of justice and humanity, the interests of
the colonial proprietors have not been overlooked.
I trust that the future proceedings of the As-
semblies, and the conduct of all classes in my
expectations
of
my
yat the amendment people.
,
colonies, may be such as to give full effect to the
benevolent intentions of the Legislature, and to
satisfyjust,lotberhseve
ex
withPsatisfactiontati

of the law has continued to occupy your attention,
and that several important measures have been

adopted, some of which the titles to property
haveby beenrendered more secure, and the convey-
