There seems to be little doubt that matters

are approaching towards a conclusion respecting
the state of the Brazil Government. According
to report, both the British Ministry and that of
Austria have agreed upon some settled basis, on
which proceedings may perhaps lead to an ac-
commodation with the Parent State. It is im-
possible that the King of PORTUGAL, even if he
were to make a successful attack on Brazilian in-
dependence, could entertain a hope of eventually
recovering his Sovereignty ; nor is it by any means
prolate that the peoplelhaving nearly, if not en-
tirely, thrown off one yoke, will finally submit
to another. The character of Don PEDRO is
thought to be dubious, and though his ambition
may be pitted against his filial duty, yet it must
be owned, that as-republican principles have ge-
nerally found a favourable reception in the New
World, he may not be able long to maintain his
authority, if he could even effect a full
and complete separation from the Parent State.
But all is matter of mere conjecture at
Present, and it is wasting time in animadvert-
ing Up" a question which is not yet ripe for dis-
cussion :
n that we can depend on is, that
the DritisbMh!istry will conduct themselves with
a due
regard to all the practicable interests of au
ancient Ally, and at the same time not attempt
to repress -
taat spirit of freedom which seems to
be ' •
gradually extending itself over the civilised
World,
anitwhich nothing is likely to. controul or
to regulate but the power within its own imme-
diate sphere' of action.

All the accounts from Germany and the Levant
agree in confirming the successes of the Greeks
over the Turks. The disaster of Ipsara,'which
seemed irreparable, was only a temporary re-
verse, and the last victories of the llellenes have
thrown a panic and dismay among their enemies.
It is delightful to behold a Christian nation,
Meiling from a state of slavery of such long
duration, asserting its liberty under the auspices
of religion, and contending single handed ageing)
a gigantic power, which, for many centuries, has
Made Europe tremble.
Ne'ver did Ancient Greece, braving the Great
IClng and all the forces of Asia, present

a
more noble spectacle than Modern. Greece
ill arms against barbarism. The sentiment of
the present patriotism seems to elevate all [Muds,
and anitnate all hearts. The more timid sex,
facUe and infancy, find the requisite energy to
,a the greatest perils. Mothers have fol-
-I"ved their children in the midst of the
"iltest, wives their husbands, and old men have
One to the field of battle, and called down the
vengeance .of Heaven on their oppressors. Can
their exist.a more spectacle
teuti worthy to fix the at-
, °II of the truly religious, and of every friend
to humanity ? Many of the present accounts al-
Iruiyl
erdititiell
to the now and later action, in which the
011;0%.ttethouth fdoexperienced another defeat.
August from Bucharest state, that a
courier had arrived on
th
7th at Rutschuck from Enos, in the
vicinity of the Dardanelles, With intelligence that the CAPTAIN
Ivessels 1431 a had been completely defeated, and that many of
his
had taken refuge at Enos. Accounts from Constanti.•
noels of the'oth of July, add further particulars, and say that
e CAPTAIN Paella. having resolved to quit Ilitylene, had
heen Pursued by the Greek tireships, which had destroyed several
of his largest vessels, and compelled him to seek shelter in the
4411 of Smyrna. Another division of his fleet, which had
also much suffered, is said to have fled in the direction of
Samos and Ipsara. Even the Monitarr adds its testimony
41 favour of the Greeks, and states that Dispatches had
ueea. received by an Extraordinary Courier at Vienna from
nbat°a o!ovraiirEr.s, 'the contents of which 'tad not yet
1q74 made public but that commercial letters arrived at the
tne time frora.Constantinople announced, that- subsequent-
tto. the recapture of Ipsara the Greeks having assembled-
eonsiderahle number of vessels of war, approached the
arkish fleet to close, that they kept it in a state
of blockade,
The
firsteaPlTAx PAcHA then gave orders to attack; and seemed
qui, to obtain some success, but during the action the Greeks
ft4th:eciteeet.e:edoattbiw,iintbhirlitle igeste:aid of their fire-ships in setting fire to several
which occasioned great confusion amongst
anti nullified all the advantages which the,
batai ars ship had gained at the commencement of the
colt
Deeluand the Turks after losing five frigates and corvettes were
when e 4 to resume their station in the waters of Alitylene,
Ali: they were preparing to sail for the coast of Asia
These accounts, it is added, had produced a painful
it ‘,743`12n et Constantinople, and at the departure of the Courier
beta dreP9rted in that capital that the Captain Pacha had
()tile" ePrive4 of las command, and that several of hid principal
so incurred the disgrace of the °BAND SEIGNOIL

--.....ei55.
h The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER iS ox'
recto I
in town t o w
Slit o-m rro •
4_torn
r -r% Mr. Secretary CANNING left town,
Dispatches Pulled by his son, for Eton School.
h ! dated the 19th July, were re-
-eivo
_n)
ben.," ° Saturday at the Colonial Office., from
4ara. The Colony continued tranquil.

TIIE KING, &c.
Wnenson, SEPT. s.—Yesterday his MAJESTY, and suite
again visited Virginia Water, where they passed the afternoon
fishing and rowing on the lake. Refreshments were sent from
the Royal Lodge, which the party partook of at five o'clock on
board the spacious banquetting boat, and about seven- returned
through the plantations to the Lodge. This morning his Ma-
jesty, accompanied by his suite, attended Divine Service at his
private chapel, which was performed by the Rev. Mr. Sumner.
Her Royal Highness the Princess Augusta, attended by her
Lady in Waiting, heard Divine Service performed at the
parish Church, by the Rev. Mr. Thompson, Cutate of Wind-
sor. This afternoon the Bands of the bite Guards and the
Grenadier Guards, added greatly to the enjoyment of the
terrace, by playing there alternately for two hours, pieces of
the choicest compositions. This promenade, although it did
not boast so numerous a company as the preceding Sunday,
was better attended by the neighbouring gentry than usual.—
Yesterday morning his Grace the Duke of- NVellington, Prince
Fsterhazy, and the Earl and Countess Lieven, lett the Royal
Lodge.--The works at the Castle have proceeded during the
past week with the greatest activity. Considerable time was at
first occupied in the erection of temporary shops and sheds
which are indispensable in an undertaking of this magnitude.
These having been completed, the labours of the whole body
of workmen, amounting to upwards of 400, are now directed
to the clearing away the old materials and preparing the new
foundations. In several of the apartments at the south-east
angle, the men are now employed in making the requisite
openings for fireplaces and windows, two essential requi-
sites in which the old Castle was particularly deficient. The
new tower, of which his Majesty laid the first stone, is rising
rapidly, and the arch for the new grand entrance, which springs
from this tower, is expected to be completed in a short space
of time. A discovery was made yesterday morning, which
though not perhaps of equal importance with the subter-
ranean sally-port, yet affords far greater food fdr conjecture.—
The 'labourers employed in lowering the foundation of one of
the apartments on the south side, while removing the earth came
to a large oblong flat stone. This was carefully removed,
when a pit presented itself to the view, about two feet square
and four deep. In this were several human bones, and the
soles of two shoes ; but from the length of time that has elapsed
since they were deposited, no certain idea as to whose re-
mains they are can be formed. It is not improbable that
they may have been the victims of assassination, or persons
slain in a chance conflict, and thus hastily buried to screen the
perpetrators from discovery. A more elegant assemblage of
rank and fashion than that which graced the walks of this tows,
during the past week, has been seldom witnessed. The State
Apartments of th e Castle have been daily thronged with visitants;
and of an afternoon that beautiful avenue, the Long Walk, pre-
sented a most lively and inviting scene, aided by the tine bands
of the two Regiments now stationed in Windsor, which play
almost daily in this shady promenade. It is conjectured, that if
an analysis of the waters from the Chalybeate Spring (which
we have before noticed) should prove satisfactory, an applica-
tion will be made to the proper authorities for permission to
convey it through pipes to Windsor, in which case a great
addition would be made to the attractions of the place.

FASHIONABLE ARRIVALS.
The Duke and Duchess .of Lcinster, and Lady Caroline
Stanhope, at the Earl of Harrington's, in the Stable-yard, St.
James's, Paris; the Earl of Ilarrington, from his seat,
Elvaston, Derbyshire; Lord and Lady Nugent, from their
seat, Lilleys, Bucks ; Sir W. and Lady Wraxall, at the Bath
Hotel, Arlington-street, from Charlton, near Cheltenham ; Col.
Brown, at Buckingham House, Pall-mall, from his seat,
Aylesbury ; the Hon. Col. C. Stanhope, from Canterbury ; J.
Douglas, Esq. and family. at the Royal Hotel, St. James-
street, from Belfast; J. Thompson, Esq. at ditto, from Bel-
fast ; Mr. and Mrs. Hailes, at Gould's Hotel, Jermymetreet,
from their seat, Misley, Essex ; Mrs. Cockrainc and family,
and Miss Wiltshire, at the London Hotel, Albemarle-street,
from Bath; Lord Ellenborough, at Marshal Thompson's Hotel,
Cuvendish.square, ; Sir Robert Graham and Lady Graham, at
ditto ; J. Tipping, Esq., and Mrs. Tipping, at ditto.
DEPauTunEs..--The Earl and Countess or Kinnoul, from
Greillon's hotel, Albemarle-street, for Scotland; Lord and
Laity Eliot, for the Duke of Bedford's, Woburn Abbey; Count
and Countess Lieven, on a visit to the Duke and Duchess of
Wellington ; Major and Mrs. Robinson, and Family, for the
Continent; Sir John Oldficld, Bart. and George Arden,
Esq. • from the British Hotel, Jermyn-street, for Rants ;
George Markham, Esq. at ditto, from the Continent ;
Lord W. Paulett, from the Royal Hotel, St. Janies's-street,
for Dorsetshire ; Mr. and Mrs. Prendergast, and Family,
from ditto, for Brighton; Lieutenant Hyde 12th Lancers,
from ditto, for Brighton ; Colonel Scott, from ditto, for his seat,
Thorpe, near Staines ; Colonel Pemberton, front ditto, for his
seat in Cambridgeshire; Mr. and Mrs. Vanshon and family,
from Gould's Hotel, Jennyn-street, on a tour; Mrs. Elford,
and Miss Trelawny from the St. George's Hotel, Albemarle-
street, for Oswestry, Shropshire ; Mr. llorocks and Mr. White,
from ditto, for the Continent; Lieut.-Col. Cooper and Mrs.
Cooper, front Marshal Thompson's Hotel, Cavendish-square,
for Bath ; Owen Wynne, Esq. M.P., Lady Sarah Wynne,
Misses Wynne, John Wynne, Esq., and Willoughby \VMajynnore,
Esq., from ditto; Baron Dimsdale, front ditto ' • Mrs.
Fitzgerald and Family, front ditto; David Scott, Esq. from do.

MARRIAGE IN HIGH LIFE.
On Thursday last, was married at St. James's Church, in
Piccadilly, by the Right Hon. and Rev. Lord Ilayning, Lord
Elliot, only son of the Earl of St. Germains, to the Right Hon.
Lady Jenuma Cornwallis, third daughter of the late Marquis
Cornwallis. The lovely bride, who is the universal favourite
of a numerous circle of friends, was given away by Viscount
Sydney, and attended to the altar by her amiable sisters, the
Ladies Louisa, Mary, and Elizabeth, Cornwallis, and Lady
Jernima Mann, as bridesmaids. After the ceremony, the happy
pair set off in a new travelling chariot-and-four, for Woburn-
abbey, the seat of the Duke of Bedford. Amongst the company
were—the Marchioness Cornwallis, Earl of St. tiermains, Lady
Caroline Eliot, Lady Susan and Col. Lygon, Duke of Nor-
folk, Hon. Sophia and Mary Townshend (Lord Sydney's
daughters), Hon. Caroline and Emily Townshend (Lora Bay.
fling's sisters) Miss Sinderby, 11r. Hamilton, and the Rev.
Henry Hasted.—ln the evening, the ,Illarchioness Cornwallis
entertained the wedding party with a sumptuous dinner, at the
house of her Grace the Duchess Dowager of Richmond, In
Waterloo-place, where her Ladyship is at present residing.
We feel assured that the friends of both families will join with
us, in wishing that this auspicious union may, be productive of
the most permanent felicity to the amiable pair, who, from the
high character his Lordship bears, appear to have an equal
claim to " Heaven's choicest gifts."

The following letter has been receive
Corfu, by a Member of the Greek Committee :
" Coney (JULY 20, o. 8.), AUG. 1, 1024.-4 have the plea.
sure of fully confirming my letter of the 22d of July (New
Style), relative to the destruction of the Turks, to the number
of 15 or 16,000 men, at Ipsara. The timely arrival of Admiral
1111auLT contributed to their total extermination. Many of
the brave Ipsariots likewise fell fighting for the defence of
their country. The enemy's fleet, pursued and shattered,
sought shelter in the port of Mitylene, where it may easily be
blockaded by a small part of our naval force, leaving the re-
mainder free to annoy the enemy's coast, or to go and encoun-
ter the Egyptian fleet, should it ever put to sea. This news,
though already known, has been confirmed by the Secretary of
Prince MAVROCORDATO, who is arrived here to prevent the
annoyances which lonian vessels trading with the Turkish
dependencies might be.exposed to from the Greek cruizers.—
Nothing of interest has taken place on the Continent."
It appears from accounts brought by the Etna
from Algiers, that on the cessation of hostilities, Mr Du ex-
r o no, our Proconsul, landed, under the customary distinctions,
and, thereupon, the Algerine Admiral and some of his prin-
cipal Captains made an application to be permitted to inspect
our bomb and mortar vessels. The request was not complied
with, nor was any Officer of our fleet permitted to land, except
the Hon. Captain SPENCER, of the Naiad, who was the sole
medium of communication between Sir HARRY NEALE and
the DEY of Algiers.—The Etna bomb, Capt. SANDON, which
led the fleet into Algiers Day, and boldly anchored within about
3,100 yards of the batteries, did not sustain any injury from
their fire. The 160 pieces of cannon on the Algerine lines
Isere fired three or four times at her, in a correct direction, but
the shot fell short, and the shells went over her. The Etna
was so close in that she was completely at the mercy of the
Algerine gunboats, had the attack been made-34 of which,
in most excellent condition, each carrying one gun, and formed
in one line outside the mole-head, would have made an instant
attack upon her; an Admiral's flag Was seen in the centre of
the line, and one on each wing.
We are sorry to announce the death of the.
Countess FITZWILLIAM, which took place at
Wentworth House on Wednesday evening last
(Ist inst.)—(Doncaster Gazette.)

'ram

•.4 , • .....). :VA,
%,
.. ,
l,
4 ) • ')-j (3, ,:t* Y '
1 4-Zu 41".. ... ' 11" ' 4, / ~,,,----
- 4.-e. t!`fi4Br r"
-. .&
• ' '' .5' "7
s'k"-'" • 0 .4-" e L., I, - " I
, , , ',4•,,..-,Z- 4',...i......, -.' ' - :s,•• (-, "4, t, .
....,
•-";:-; , s,
1,, ? '" . ''-1.4 Zit UT IA- •iti' IA
-.4.
g;560.4c-
, ?
