not answer for the consequences, either as con-
cerned the criminal contrivers themselves, or the
Government that afforde4l them countenance and
shelter.—Morning Herald.

Though there may be some few persons in this
country who continue to condemn the proceedings
of the French nation, and look upon them as calcu-
lated, if not intended, to subvert the whole fabric
of society, yet we feel satisfied otbat they will, in
the end, meet with the apprBl of every en-
' lightened friend of liberty and huMan happiness in
every quarter 'of the world. After the full accounts
of those proceedings which we haVe laid before our
readers, it will be unnecessary to show which party
was the aggressor in this case, or from what quarter
proceeded the violation and infringement of estie
Wished rights. To show .now that the establish-
ment of a Republic is not the object of the people of
France would be equally superfluous, as the present
state of Paris—the sacred inviolabilitrof property
during a period of apparent anarchy, confusion, and
excitement almost unparalleled—the immediate ap-
pointment of a Governor to supply the place of him
who had so basely forfeited all title to the respect or
even protection of his fellow-countrymen—are facts
which speak sufficiently strongly for themselves, and
show more plainly titan words can do that these
proceedings have been taken under the guidance
of men who have proved themselves the staunch
and zealous supporters of constitutional monafeby
and of regular Government ; and who have only
exercised that power which must exist in every
free State—viz., to defend itself not only against
' force from without, but against violence, or any

thing else destructive,: from- ; for the condi-
tion of all subject's would be alike, whether under
a limited or absolute monarchy were it not lawful
to maintain and preserve those limitations, and de-
fend their liberties and privilegeS from encroach-
ment ;—a duty no less binding on a people united
in soCiety, than is that of self-preservation univer-
sally upon man. It is curious, however, to observe
that some of the very persons who are loudest in
their denunciations against the men whom they
choose to stigmatize as a set of revolutionists and
convukionists, are those «•ho, in this country, are

continually speaking %eh h such admiration of our giu_
rious Revolution of 1688. What material difference

they could point out between that and the present
proceeding we are at a loss to conceive. If, us we
have lately attempted to show, there exists a
very great similarity between the situations of the
two countries at the period alluded to, with what
justice can they complain of the Bench nation fur
merely following in our footsteps ? If our example
is alone propmed as the object of imitation, with
whet consistency can we dealt° such designs to b..
criminal? But the truth is that these self-styled
friends of tranquillity and good order—these pro-
fessed admirers of all established things--permit of
innovations solely for the enlargement of despotic
anti arbitrary power. They rest their pretenNions,
however, upon false and tottering foundations,
which have been long since deserted by the better
informed, as positions dangerous and utterly un-
tenable. But we trust that it is needless, at the
present day, to insist that the saluspopuli should be
the supreme; lex of every society, or that laws are
equally binding on the governors and the governed.
The age of despotism is passed, and the progress of
information is daily revealing to the rest of Europe
th6se truths on which Englishmen so long have
acted ; and it is impossible that Europe can much
longer remain in ignorance of, or be prevented from
endeavouring to obtain, those advantages which we
have for such a length of time enjoyed.—Morning
Herald.
Ad doubt, we trust, being now removed, of the
unconditional abdication of Charles X., and his
speedy departure from the kingdom of France, the
next point to be settled by his late subjects will be
the sentence to he passed upon his Ministers, and
the form of govermnent which is in future to be
adopted by our neighbours. With regard to the
former point there can be no great anxiety. All of
them have apparently taken to flight, end the only
punishment, therefore, which is likely to fall upon
them is that of exile froth the country which they
betrayed, and confiscation of their property. This
punishment is not only justly due to them, but even
a greater; but this is, perhaps, all that will bo in-
flicted, or all that will be demanded. We should

have been much more pleased, however, to have
seen them brought to a regular trial. Their respon-
sibility, as advisers of the lute measures, would then
have been brought to the test and a lesson read to
other responsible advisers, which might not have been
without its use. With respect to the second point
—the future form of government—there seems to
be no doubt that the monarchies' principle will be
preserved. The Duke of Orleans has many friends,
and the people generally are not only fond of the
splendours of a Court,but more inclined to a limited
monarchy than any other form of government. The
Charter of Louis XVIII. may be modified, and the
rights of the'penple somewhat enlarged, as well as
more amply explained; but if a republic be not set
up vein, the late disturbances will pass away much
more easily than might have been expected; and
what is still more, the peace of Europe continued
on a firm and more permanent footing, than in such
an event there would have been any ground foi an-
ticipating. We confidently trust, indeed, that the
storm is at un end, and that we shall again, Na far
as France is concerned, witness that serenity and
quiet which are necessary, not only.
E to her prospe-
rity, but to that of every state in Europe.—,./Iforn•
lug Adver.

FRENCH REVOLUTION.

sPiniT OF THE PROVINCIAL JOURNALS.

(From the Plymouth Journal.)

lizvoLunott trt FikANCK.-1t must now be evident to
every man who has taken the lewd notice of the events
which have taken place in France since the return of the
infatuated Bourbon*, that they have been totally unmindful
of the Awful lesson set befOrc their eyes, of the ill-fated
and
.unfortunate Louie XVI. Charles X., like his name
sake of England, forgetting also that namesake's► unti►neli
but merited fete, has thrown down the gauntlet to his
*elven), by the direct and daring violation of thut coroi.
tutu►n which, at his accession, be swore to mointai);,'shil
which, by his conscientious adherence to it, constituted ti►e
only tenure by wnich be brill his crown, The perfidy of
his Ailnisters lots fairly involved them with the, people, and
the issue, we hope, will not remain doubtful, while justice
is permitted to have her residence upon earth, and the in-
terests of society are regarded as inteparable item the sanc-
tity of oaths,

(Prom the Liverpool Courier.)
FAA NCI!. —The blow is struck; a civil war has cow-
mene, d ; blood hie flowed to 'the streets of Paris; the
ominous tri-roloured flea has again appeared ; and the dis.
bawled National Guru! has again and h,„
fought side by ridgy by the populace. All the dctsilawhich
have arrived on this intensely interesting reoemirnt in
France we have inserted ; and on the meat of the quarrel
few word. only are necessary. We abhor the revolutionary
liberalism of the Continent; but that there is a liberalittio
which not only submits to constitutional monarchy, but
prefers it, is also happily obvious. So greatly does that
acntimetit prevail in Frrince, that we believe nothing bite
spread A deeper harrow through the largest and most info.
ential class of proprietors in France, than those infatuated
arts of the. King end his Minisiere which have, *halal,
dug the grave of the monarchy with suicidal hand, and
endangered the' revival of it disorganiaing and aggressive
jacobioism. Our hope, indeed, is too inning on this point,
that we anticipate that should any timely roncesaion be
male by the King., he may yet make his peace; or that if
one line of the Bourbon* be rejected another may be
selected more faithful to the tolemn compact of the
charter. At all events we thick the fault wholly on the
side of the Orivarnment itself ; and that the whole is the
result of Popish influence and Jesuitiern. That it ebould
fail, every friend to rational liberty and the mew end
political improvenutot of the ,tvald, must wish ; that the
retailer' will not go further than the re-estalilialitisent of A
constitutional monarchy, on a secure heti*, we devoutly
hope.

(Prom tba Glasgow Prec Prot.)
Cbarl. a X., WllO.lO dynasty, contr,try is the wishes of
the French people, was replaerd on the throne of France
by the bayonets of combined Europe, bat with that pre-
sumptuous folly characteristie of his w1.1:14 race, grstui.

. .
tously violated the conditions betweenliiritself and people,
on which the French sceptre was restored to the feeble
grasp of his idiotic family; and the intelligent and high.
spirited nation he has thus insulted, have promptly risen
as one man, to hurl him from the eminence on which he
should never have been allowed to display his gross dis-
honesty and miserable iitihecility. Of the tumults that
have occurred in Paris, and are rapidly spreading through
the Departments, every particular worth quoting will be
found elsewhere given, so that we need not here stay to
allude to them, farther than to breathe a fervent wish,
which we do from our very souls, that the course of po-
pular resistance so nobly begun, maybe crowned with all
the success to which so holy a cause entitles it. Where.
ever the news of this second Revolution shall reach, there
dwells nut a man who hears upon him, uneffaced, the
image of his Maker,—that is, who retains in their fresh-
ness all his human sympathies--all his natural passion for
liberty, and all his unsophisticated reverence for immortal
truth,.-.wherever, we say, the news of this second Revo-
lution shall reach, there dwells not a man of the stamp we
have mentioned, who will not spread forth his hands and
raise his heart to [leaven, in devoutest aspirations for
[leaven's blessing on a cause which, whether directly or
indirectly, involves to no small extent the future progress
in knowledge and freedom of the whole human race.
(From the Belfast News Letter.)

What may be the result of the present commotion, in
France it is impossible to foresee—possibly the whole eon•
dition of Europe may be affected by them. If France be
again completely revolutionised, if the Bourbon fan ly
there be expelhd, that branch of it which has for years
abused its power in Spain cannot long retain its iniquitous
authority. England cannot contract a second debt of six
hundred millions for thu cake of forcibly restoring this
rotten dynasty, which seems to have been specially devnted
by Heaven to ileattuction as a warning to other aspirants
after unlimited authority. In fact whatever might be the
secret wish of statesmen, the public opinion of these nations
would never suffer the shedding of British blood, or the
expenditure of British treasure in behalf of the breakers of
solemn oaths, and the habitual violators of public rights;
and fortunAtely public opinion is hers omnipotent.—lf the
people be successful in France, and of this result we can-
not entert tin a doubt, its motel effect in this country will
be considerable. Since the settlement of the Roman
Catholic question, there has been a gradual approximation
of the Whigs and Tories, both of whom are convinced,
though on grounds respectively different. of the propriety,
or as some would choose to say the necessity ofit moderate
Parliamentary reform.—Without committing ourselves on
this question, we may observe, thet in the event of a well
conducted revolution in France, awl •by a well conducted
' revolution we mean one that is not disgraced by republican
madness, the impression that will be produced in favour
of the measure referred to, extended as it will he by a
junction of the two parties which have been hitherto so
widely separated, will go far, under judicious management,
to influence public, and erentuslly legislative opinion.
This is the view which The Sun, a London paper of talent
and information, takes of the subject, and we can readily
perceive a moral connection between the two things.
(Front the Limerick Evening Post.)

The moral volcano of France, which had so long emitted
portentous rumblings, has at last burst forth in tyranny,
uproar, and blond; and the question to be settled between
the infatuated Bourbons anif the French nation, will not
occupy much time. The verf semblance of civil liberty,
has been destroyed by the spontaneous act of the French
Monarch—not the metaphysical liberty which turned the
beads of so many during the horrors of the first Revolu-
tion, and hardened their hearts against the yearnings of
hu►nanity—but the plain, explicit, intelligible system of
government, which was covenanted for, between the King
and the people. The annihilation of the Press, is vir-
tually the establishment of slavery—and when Charles X.
resorted to such a meivure he took the field against the
people, and staked his Crown upon the fidelity of the
soldiery. But his war is one, which a soldiery cannot
wage, for it is against the intellect of Francs—an energy
against which ba)onets can avail but little, and that for a
day. The final triumph must rest with the party which
supports its duty to the Charter with its intrinsic power,
and the probability is, that Monarchy itself will perish in
the struggle. What effect such tremendous events may

produce upon the Government of our own country, forms
question of natural anxiety among the BritiA people.—
The quench is now plain and palpable—the parties are the
French monarchy and the French people; and the pe,,ple
of the United Kingdom bare nothing to do with it—but
to let the volcano horn out.

PROM THE GAZETTE OF LAST NIGHT

St. James's Palate, August 4, 1830.
The King wise this day pleased to confer the honour of
Knighthood upon Colonel Oetsviut Carey, C.B.
The King wit' this day pleased to confer the honour
Knighthood upon George 11411ingall, Esq. Regius I'M
feasor of Military Surgery in the University of Edinburgh.

Lord Chamberlain's Office, Aug. 4, 1830.
The King bee been pleased to appoint Dr. James John
son, Physician Extraordinary to his Majesty.

St. James's Palace, Aug. 5.
The. Queen has been pleased to appoint the Rev. John
Merewether, M.A, and the Rev. William Kuper, D.D,,
to be Chaplains to her Majesty.

Whitehall, Aug. Q.
'the King has been pleased to direct a letter to be
Tweed under the Seal appointed by , the Treaty of Union
to be made use of In the plan of the Great Seal of Scot,
land, nominating and appointing the Most Noble George
Duke of Gordon, C. C. B. to be Keeper of the said Seal.
The King has been pleased to direct letters patent to be
passed under the Great Seal, granting the Office of Claim.
lhalain of the county palatine of Chester unto George
Harry Earl of Stamford and Warrington.
The King has been pleased to grant unto the Most
Noble Henry Charles Duke of Beaufort, KM., the Office
or place of Constable of his Majesty.; Castle of St.
Briavela and Warden of the Forest of Damn, in the county
of Gloucester, 110

The Kill has been pleased to appoint John Pond.
Esq., to he Astronomical Observatnr in the Olmervatory
at Greenwich.

The King has been pleased to grant to John M'Mahon,
P.m., the office of Receiver and Paymaster of the Royal
llounty to Officers' Widows.
The King has been pleased to direct letters patent to be
passed under the Great Seal, granting the office of one Of
the Clerks of his Majesty's Signet, to Augustus Granville
Stapleton, Esq.

Crown-Office, August 6.

1411iSSIVI*TURNS!, TO SZAVII IH THIS llttllNS !ARM

111 Z NT,

Nava. A tirLt-tieun-Tvia,—Sir Matthew White Ridley,
; andt,itthil:llllFttics4nolla:DEmoliit:teinni,mofrylitoigole-thHespall,riiinitl the
Suuittaat
town and county of the town of Southampton, El. ;
foul James B it low tiny,

, ......._ . . _ __.
South Stonehom, in the county of Southampton, FAi.
WORCESI tit.....Thowas Henry noting' palm EN:;
and George Itieharti Roliintion, Esq.
liftnntaxx.---avorge. nYnif! Esq. ; anti /Oomph Hume,

E.q.
Vire,Tutuota.--Sir Francis Burdett, But. ,j tad Jobe
Cum Hobtiouse, Esq.

Admiralty Office, Aug. 4.

Ws Majesty has been graciously pleased to appoint the
under-mentioned Officers to be hi. Majesty's Naval Aides.
de.C.oup :
Admiral the Right lion. lord A. Beauelerlr, K.C.R. to
be . his Majesty's First and Principal Naval Aidsrde.
Camp.
Captain Sir Murray Maxwell, C.B.
Captain the Honourable George Elliot.
Captain the Right llnnoorahle Lord George Stuart.
Captain the Honourahle F. W. Aylmer, cm,
Captain Peter ktirtier, C.D.
Captain the Ihmouraitie ifettry Duncan, C.B.
Captain Sir John Louie, But.
captain George P. Seymour, CU,
Captain the Honourable George Pottlett.
Captain the Honourable Anthony. Maitland, C.B.

commission in the Susiex Regiment of 2tlilitia. signed by
winiam Pitt Lennox, to he Ensign, dated July 30.
the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Sussex.
Lord

DECLARATION or INSOLVENCY.
Henry Wood Ganda!, Pulborough, Sussex, school
,riveter.

---- BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED.
William Seat, New Village, Yorkiihire, linen--baler

B ANK aurrs.
William Spurway, Market-street, Finsbury, builder, to
surrender Aug. 17, at ten, 20, at
.444, and Sept. 17,
at ten, at the Court of Commiatimisis. Young, Mark-
,
me.

base ftrdtket
Cululuit-street, Bond-street, talnr,
Aug, 13, at tvivlvs, 80, and Sept. 17, at eleven, at the
Court of Commitedenirs, Mayhew and Johnson, Carry.
street, Lineolaili-InnAtilds.
James %tiff and Henry Stiff, Levet...hank, Little-Lever,
Lancashire, calico-printers, Aug. 20, 21, and Sept. 17,
at twelve, it the Royal Hotel, Birmingham. Austen and
