LAMBETH-STREET.

Richard Bendier, the mate of an Indiaman, was
brought up under the following circumstances :—The
prisoner lodged for some time in the house of Mr. Avon,
a baker, in Gill-street, Limehouse, and Mr. Avon having
reason to believe that he carried on a criminal intercourse
with his
wife, gave him notice to quit. A few days after
his departure, Mr. Avon went into the country to trans-
act some business. On his return he found his wife and
nearly all his furniture gone. He traced a great portion
of it to a house in Five Bell-alley, where the prisoner was
also found, but he had been unable to find " Mrs. A."
The defendant having called witnesses to show that he
had had no concern in removing the property, the
Magistrates discharged him, and ordered the property to
be restored to Mr. Avon.
THAMES POLICE.
Yesterday, Eleanor Blucher, a tall masculine woman,
a native of Prussia, who stated that she was distantly re
laced to the late Field-Marshal Blucher, was charged with
beating Mary
White, a young woman, the wife of a me-
chanic. The parties reside in the same court in Ratcliffe,
and it appeared that Mrs. White bad recently lost several
articles of value from her yard, and suspicion falling on the
prisoner, she assembled a number of other women, and
they agreed to have recourse to the key and Bible, to dis-
cover the thief. They placed the street-door key on the
50th Psalm, closed the sacred volume, and fastened it very
tightly with the garter of a female. The Bible and key
were then suspended to a nail ; the prisoner's name was

!hen repeated three times by one of the women, will!,
:floater recited the following words :

" If it turns to thee, thou art the thief,
And we all are free."

The incantation being concluded, the key turned, or th
women thought it did, and it was unanimously agreed
upon that the prisoner was the thief, and it was accord-
ingly given out in the neighbourhood that she had stolen
two pair of inexpressibles belonging to Mrs. White's hus-
band. The prisoner hearing of this, proceeded to Mrs.
White's house, and severely beat her, and tore some of her
hair out by the roots. She had since threatened her life.
and annoyed her in every possible manner.—Mrs. Blu-
cher, in her defence, abused Mrs. White, and said the
neighbours were always turning the key upon her.—Mrs.
White said, it always turned when Mrs. Blucher's name
was mentioned, and anything was lost. The key and the
Bible was the sure way to discover a thief.
On Mr. BALLANTINE expressing his surprise at such
nonsense, Mr. F. W. Wegener, Vestry-clerk of St. John,
Wapping, said he discovered his servant trying the faith of
her sweetheart now at sea, by turning the key in the Bible
at the midnight hour, a few weeks ago.
Mr. BALLANTINE said he should have the key turned
on the prisoner without the Bible, and ordered her to be
locked up, until some person would come forward and be-
come responsible for her future good behaviour.

IMPERIAL PARLIA MENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, .TUNE 7.
REFORM BILL.

All that was wanting to mike this Bill the law of the
land was added to it to-day—the Royal assent was given
to it at four o'clock. A few minutes before that hour, the
Lords Commissioners took their seats under the throne :
they were the Lord Chancellor, the Marquess of Lans-
downe, as Lord President of the Council, Lord Durham,
as Lord Privy Seal, the Marquess of Wellesley, as Lord
Steward, Earl Grey and Lord Holland.

The Deputy Black R )d (Mr. Rulman) was then sent
to summon the House of Commons, when the SPEAKER,
attended by the usual officers belonging to that House, and
upwards of 100 Members, among whom we observed Lord
John Russell, Lord Duncannon, Lord Howick, Mr. James
Grattan, Mr. F. Palmer, Alderman Venables, &c. ap-
peared at the Bar. The Commission was then read,
and the Royal Assent was given to " the Bill to amend the
representation of England and Wales," thus putting the
final seal to that great charter of the people's rights.
The Peers present on the occasion besides the Lords
Commissioners were—the Duke of Sussex, the Marquess of
Headfort, the Earls of Radnor, Sefton, and Camperdown,
Lords Hood, Byron, and Seagrave, and the Bishop of He-
reford (Dr. Grey).
Immediately after the Speaker had retired, the Duke of
Sussex shook hands with Earl Grey and the other Com-
missioners, and appeared to congratulate them on the
final success of the measure.

The House then adjourned during pleasure.
Owing to the expectation entertained, that the King
would come down to-morrow, the crowd was not great, yet
in the almost total ignorance of the event which was to hap-
pen, the gAllery was crowded by respectable people, to
whom it appeared to give great pleasure.
At Five o'clock the Earl of SHAF'TESBURY took his seat
o❑ the Woolsack. Several Bills went through Committee.

A message from the House of Commons, brought up by
Mr. FoLEY and others, announced that they had passed
certain private Bills.
Mr. Preston, from the East India Company, presented
the annual accounts.

Lord CARBERY presented a petition from the in-
habitants of St. Marylebone, against the general Cemetery
Bill.

The Archbishop of CANTERBURY presented a peti-
tion from Ashton-under-line, against the overworking of
children in factories. _

The Bishop of LICHFIELD presented a petition
from two parishes in Derby, against negro slavery.
The House then adjourned, at Twenty minutes after
Five, till to-morrow, at Half-past Three.
