Lord STORMONT said that he believed the purpose of
;ntroducing the amendment was to throw out the Bill of
his Noble Friend altogether. He had no doubt that more
could be done in regard to furthering the object in view
in two days under the original proposition, than in two
►uanthv in its amended form.

Mr. P. THOMSON denied that the proposition for
referring the matter to a Select Committee was brought
forward with any view to delay the settlement of the
question, and contended that the Bill of the Noble Lord
(Ashley) was infinitely more calculated to delay its adjust-
ment. With every feeling of re.pect to the N Lord's
motives, he could riot help think,ng that the obj ct he h id
in view could be better attained by refe:ring the matter
to a Select Committee up stairs. The most beneficial
i.ffects, in his opinion, would result from the adoption of
this course, and as he had before stated, they would be
produced in a far less space of time than by the proposi-
tion of the N ,ble Lord opposite (Lord Ashley).
• Mr. COI3BETT said that the question, absolved from
ill the cumbrous intricacies which were attempted to be
imposed upon it, resolved itself into this—the contention
of mammon against mercy. He had no doubt, however,
of the issue of the contest, and expected to see mercy
prevail over mammon. He objected to the proposition
of referring the subject to a Select Committee—a propo-
sition he conceived fraught with every species of delay
from the voluminous nature of the evidence. He would
be sincere at any rate, and boldly declare that when
300,000 of the most helpless of human creatures were
calling upon the House for mercy and deliverance from
their wretched condition—the worst state of slavery—the
Noble Lord (Althorp) rejected their prayer, and turned a
deaf ear to their remonstrances.
Mr, SHELL said, that it would be better for the House
at once to resolve itself into a Committee than to consent
to the appointment of a Select Committee, which course,
in his opinion, was directly calculated to create a procras-
tination assuredly beyond the present session.
Mr. STANLEY observed, that the real object of ap-
pointing a Select Committee was that of approaching the
question with a greater degree of calmness and temper; the
true bearings of the subject, besides, would be more expli-
citly developed in the investigation of a Select Committee,
than in that of a Committee of the whole House.

Mr. HARDY knew many of the Commissioners per-
sonally, and was convinced that they were incapable of
unfairness in the prosecution of their inquiries. But
they had undertaken them at the wrong period of the
year. They went forth in the month of June, when the
factories were newly whitewashed, and when every thing
in the way of comfort that was attainable by the wretched
inmates was accomplished. They ought to have gone in
the winter season to make their examinations and their
inquiries, and then they would have observed the wretched
and desolate condition of the poor inmates of the factories.
He agreed in the opinion that referring the subject to
Select Committee would occasion delay in its settlement.
In fact, he saw no reason for the adoption of such a
course, and was convinced that it would not only be a
saving of time, but also a satisfaction to the country, to
allow the measure to proceed in the way in which it was
originally proposed.

Mr. SLANEY recommended the Noble Lord (Ashley)
to make some concession in his propositions for the pur-
pose of carrying them into effect. He really was at a loss
to discern the difference between the two propositions
before the House: the one was that all children under
18 years of age should work but 10 hours a day, the
other that all under 14 should work but 8. Surely
the difference between these two propositions could be
better settled in a Select Committee than by any other
plan of investigation. In case the motion of the Noble
Lord (Althorp) should be carried, he (Mr. Slaney)
trusted he would be prepared to bring in a Bill during the
present session, founded on t' e report of the Committee,
whose ,ppointment depended on the vote of the House this
night.

After a few words from an Hon. MEMBER (whose
name we could not learn) in opposition to the Right Hon.
the Chancellor of the Exchequer.

The House divided, and the numbers were—
For I,ord Ashley's motion
Against it
Majority —23
The announcement of the numbers was received with
continued cheers.

The House then resolved itself into Committee on the
Bin—Sir R. Inglis in the Chair.

Some conversation took place with respect to the day
when the Committee should sit again, which it was ulti-
maLely arranged should be on Monday.
The House thca resumed, the Chairman reported pro-
cress, and the Committee was ordered to sit again on
Monday.

Mr. ROTCH moved for the appointment of a Select
Committee to cansider the best mode of regulating the
conduct of the drivers of cabriclets, hackney-coaches, omni-
base., and stage coaches.
Mr. HUME opposed the motion, and said that the ex-
isting law worked excellently.
Lord ALTHORFaIso opposed the motion.

Mr. Alderman WGJD said that the law provided suffi-
cient penalties for improper conduct on the part of the
drivers of public conveyances.
Mr. G. YOUNG said the present motion was a speci-
men of that prurient itch for legislation which distinguished
the present Parliament.

Mr. ROTCH said that he did itch to see business done
in that House properly. All the business which had
been done in that House during the present Session might
have been gJt through in a month.
The motion was then negatived.
SLAVERY.

Mr. STANLEY brought in a Bill for the Abolition of
Slavery throughout the Colonies, which was read a first
time, and ordered to be read a second time on Wednesday.
The other orders of the day were then disposed of, and
the House adjourned at half-past one o'clock.

SAXON NAMES OF THE MONTHS.—De-
comber, which stood first, was styled " Mid-winter
naonath." January was " Aefteryula," or after Christmas.
February " Sol-monath," from the returning sun. March
" Rhede, or Rhede monath," rough, or rugged month.
April " Easter monath," from a favourite Saxon goddess,
whose name we still preserve. May was " Trimilchi,"
from the cows being then milked thrice in the day. June
" Sera monath," dry month. July "Mw 1 monath," the
tneads being then in their bloom. August was " Weod
monath," from the luxuriance of weeds. September
" Hwrfest monatb." October they called " Winter
()flab," from winter approaching with the full moon of
that month. And lastly, November was styled " Blot
monath," from the blood of the cattle slain that month
and stored for winter provision. VERSTEGAN names the
months somewhat differently.
THE TRADE WITH RUSSlA.—Mercantile
advices were received on Thursday by the Dutch mail from
the Russian capital down to the 21st ult. They state
that the following official order bad been issued there :
'"The Department of Foreign Trade informs the mer-
chants that the prohibition to the importation of woollen
manufactures with the slightest white specks (mixtures)
is not limited to black alone, but extends to dark blue
cloths, and to all greens darker than grass green clothing,
half cloths, drabs, ladies' cloths, cassimere, sateens,
Vigonia, and shawls, carnblets, table-cloths, &c., made
from any of the above materials." There was a great
deal doing at the Russian capital. From the commence-
ment of the season up to the date of the present advices
there had arrived 161 British ships, and 45 had sailed.
In the same period there had also arrived at St. Peters-
burgh 203 foreign vessels and 17 Americans.

THE WILDS ON AMERICA. Captain
At.ExANnEn, who has just published his " Transatlantic
Sketches," it appears, traversed no less than 16,000 miles,
and all this in the space of a twelvemonth ! The mere
catalogue of the places he visited is astounding. On the
coast of Guiana this intelligent traveller remained for
some time with the planters, then journeyed into the inte-
rior to observe life in the wilds, and amongst the !nighty
forests of that sublime land. The journey through the
back woods is full of curious things and reflections. A
K..ntucky. lawyer's description of a Kentucky duel is
worthy of HACKETT in his best vein. The volumes
abound with anecdotes of the most amusing description,
and have numerous characteristic illustrations.

A PUBLIC BREAKFAST.—A correspondent,
seeing several carriages, &c., in the road leading to a villa,
a few miles from London, at seven o'clock on Wednesday
evening, asked a little girl, whom he met, what was going
on there ? to which she very simply replied, " A public
supper, Sir."

The Memoirs and Correspondence of the
late Mrs. INCHBALD, have attracted great attention, par-
ticularly among the iadies. Independently of the high
c:,;:racter of her genius as a ncvelist and dramatist, and
the universal estimation in which she was held as a woman
of the most unimpeachable private character, a certa'n
celebrity is thrown around her by the number of those
public characters whom she had captivated by her wit and
beauty, and from whom she had offers of marriage.
Scarcely any other lady could boast so many conquests.
Her life, indeed, in its varied and striking incidents, fur-
nished as complete a romance as can be found in those
admirable fictions which her imagination gave to the
world. No wonder, then, that her biography ahoul,l
