SPIRIT OF. THE PIiBLIC•JOURNALS.

The professions of the " Great Powers" about
preserving the peace of Europe are sadly incon-
sistent with their acts. When we speak of the
Great Powers, we mean those States that form
the c. nfederacv for the support and enforcement
of despotic principles throughout Europe, called
the " Holy Alliance," of which Russia is the
head and living soul, and Austria and Prussia
the steel-clad arms. Of these Powers the

eatest has not yet emerged from barbarism, and
Prussia is comparatively new in the family of
European States. From a petty principality,
tributary to Poland, she has risen upon the
ruins of that heroic, hut ill-fated country, into a
degree of importance that makes her, by means
of a highly-disciplined and powerful standing
an arbiter of the destiaies of continental
nations. Bound together by the strong tie of a
common hatred of all liberal institutions, and a
common resistance to all political improvements,
they find themselves still more strong by the
weakness of the Governments of France and
England than by their own strength—for, though
they have carried the military system of govern-
ing mankind to a high degree of power and
great mechanical excellence, they are destitute
of the greatest of all sources of strength,
the moral potver which Governments de-
rive from the support of enlightened public
opinion. The three great Powers, if they have
not honest or enlightened Statesmen at their
head, are directed by a class of political counsel-
- .whose principles of action are more con-
genial with the system of policy which they have
to uphold and extend than honesty or wisdom
could be—we mean subtle, shrewd, dexterous,
and circumventing politicians. The Cabinet of
St. Petersburgh has been, in particular, since the
days of Peter the Great, distinguished for the
possession of a high degree of ambitious crafti-
ness and has hada') sagacity. It was by the exercise
of those arts, much more than by the force of
arms, that Russia wrought, step by step, the
downfall of the nobler, the more honest, and
snore manly. barbarism of the Turkish empire.
With her armies often routed in the field, and
her poWer reduced to the verge of destruction by
the superior valour of the Alahomedans, Russia
has always retrieved those reverses by the keen
tact and persevering cunning of her policy.
There can now be little reason to doubt that

before she engaged in the last war, which ended
in the surrender of the Turkish independence
on the plains of Adrianople, she had half-
conquered Turkey by inducing the infatuated
Sul,an, by means of the insidious advice of her
emissaries, to cut off the right arm of his power—
the enthusiastic and impetuous, and, with'regard
to their Russian adversaries, the generally in- '
vincible Janissaries. Thus, long before. the ,
battle of the Balkan, a stroke of wily 'and deep-
laid pOlicy undermined and prepared for final
ruin the throne of the Amuraths and the Soly
- mans, which once 'flashed a terrible glory over
- Christian Europe. When we look back to all
that Russia has accomplished in Europe, and
. the means by which she has carried her ambi-
tious purposes. into effect, we cannot wonder at
any instance of bad faith, of falsified promises
and of double-faced policy, which that Power,
in conjunction with her equally unprincipled bre-
thren of the Holy Alliance, has displayed in
the course of the protocol policy relative to the
affairs of Holland and Belgium. There we find
Ru,sia and her two Allies proceeding step by
step, along with the Ministers of -England- and
France, in settiinz, upon the baSis of -terms dic-
tated by themselves, the disputes of those two
countries. This dictation being in violation of
the principle of non-intervention previously pro-
claimed by all the Powers, the excuse offerecifor
it was the necessity of preserving peace in Europe:
yet no sooner are the tedious negotiations
brought to that point when nothing remained
to be dune but that the Powers at whose
dictation, or at least with whose concur-
rence, all the terms of the Belgic treaty

had been drawn up, should formally ratify
their own act, than we find them shuffling out
of the responsibility which their voluntary en-
gagements had incurred, by declining to ratif
upon the day agreed upon, the 15th of January,
obtaining then a postponement to the 31st of
the same month; and on that day leaving France
and England to exchange ratifications by them-
selves, as if the other three Powers had never
been any parties to their own diplomatic acts.
Such conduct in private life would cause men
to he stigmatised with the name of knaves, but
it is called State policy in Princes. Now we
find that the treaty relative to the demolition of
the Belgian fortresses, which we were positively
assured, over and over again, by the French and
Engtsh Ministerial Papers, had been defini-
tively settled, has been also postponed, from the
kith of February, the day when the ratification
was to have taken place, to the 15th of March.
Thus do the Holy Alliance, while pretending to
be most anxious for the preservation of the peace
of Europe, take those steps which must keep
most ruinously alive the apprehension of war.
But what is Europe to think of the political
talents of Lord Palmerston or Casimir Perier,
who have been thus made the tools of the bar-

()aria!, Machiavelisrn of the North ?—Morning
Herald.

e have laid before our readers letters from
our own correspondents, and extracts from the
Jamaica Papers, and the columns of our con-
temporaries, on the subject of the alarm;ng in-
surrection which has broken out in Jamaica.
The insurrection appears to be of a most for-
midable character. Lord Hovvick said last
night, in answer to Mr. Burge, that the latest ,
accounts which had been received by the Go-
vernment were dated on the 6th of January, ,
from the Earl of. Belmore, stating that the in- '
surrection was at that moment in a great mea-
sure suppressed. It appears that there have
been several encounters between the revolted ne-
groes and the army and militia, in all of which,
as was to have been expected, the. former were
defeated. The loss in these engagements does
not seem to have been great ; but by all accounts
the destruction of property has been immense.
There is but too much reason for believing that
the whole of the slave population is more or less
disaffected, but much will depend on the promp-
titude and energy of the authorities in the out •
set. Any success, however trifling, would ne-
cessarily afford encouragement to the negroes
who had not risen ; while, on the other hand,
the crushing of the first attempts might deter those
who were %vatting to see the results of these first
attetnpts. Great blame is thrown on the Mis-
sionaries and the Saints, and three of the Mis-
sionaries are in custody. One of our corre-
-8: oi:dents apprehends, that under the present
violent popular excitement their situation is ex-
tremely critical. " It is difficult (he says) to
iortn a correct opinion on this point, amicht
such conflicting statements ; but I do not think
the Sectarians have in any way been the active
Tric7e;s in these m;st disastrous scenes',

Slavery, disguise it ati we will, is a bitter'
draught. Comparisons .have often been made
between the English agricultural labourer and
the plantation slave ;s but there is this immense
difference between them, that though both are
slaves, the one is slave to a whole parish and
can change his masters, whereas the other is
slave to one man. In both cases punishment is
the consequence of refusal to work, but in the
case of the refractory agricultural labourer, the
sentence of a Magistrate must precede punish-
ment ; whereas the plantation slave may receive
a certain amount of corporal punishment as often
as his master, or any delegate of his master,
chooses. In this state of things, the more
you instruct a man, the more he must be alive
to the evils inseparable to his condition. To
see, day after day, the man who may hear to-
wards him a strong dislike, or towards whom he
he may bear a strong dislike, without the hope
of escape from his presence, must often make
he condition of the slave one of exquisite misery.
The planters are, instinctively, averse to all at-
tempts to instruct their slaves, because the slave
must hate slavery, and whoever instructs him,
adds to his power of escaping from it. The
missionaries are hated, because they are the only
persons who take an interest in the slaves. They
are to the planters what the Catholic priests are
to the Protestant Ascendancy men—sectarians,
the planters call them. The clergy of the Esta-
blishment are more wise in their generation than
to concern themselves with either the souls or
bodies of negroes. They may be tempted to
visit the West Indies in the capacity of Bishops,
or to hold the rich rectories of Jamaica ; but the
instruction of the negroes they prudently leave
to sectaries. Were the clergy of the Church of
England to take an interest in the instruction f
the negroes, the Church of England would be as
unpopular in the West Indies as the unfortunate
Baptists; for the unpardonable crime is not sec-
tarianism, but the communication of knowledge
to the negroes. "If any violence be committed
on these preachers (says the correspondent al-
ready alluded to), unless on the strongest evi-
dence of actual guilt, I am satisfied that such is
the hold they have on the minds of the slave
population, their fate would become the signal
for a general insurrection." We can easily con-
' ceive that these missionaries must have a pro-
digious hold over the affections of the slaves.
The cause of a similar attachment is admirably
described by the author of The 0' Hara Tales,
in his Songs for Ireland, recently published:—
" Who, in the winter's night,
Soggarth aroon' •
When the cold blast did bite,
Soggarth aroon,
Came to my cabin dour
And, on my earthen Sure,
Knelt by me, sick and poor,
Soggarth aroon ?
" Who aA friend only met.
Soggarth aroon,
Never did flout me yet,
Soggarth aroon
And when my heart was dim,
Gave, while his eye did brim,
What I should give to him,
Soggarth aroon."

Religion andt.,lavery do not assort well to-
gether. The missionaries, no doubt, teach the
slaves the religion of the Gospel, but then this
instruction cannot add to their respect for masters
mid overseers who live in the open commis-ion
of all that the Gospel forbids. In the last num-
ber of the Anti- lovely Reporter there are a
number of illustrations of the effects of slavery on
manners and morals im Jamaica, drawn from the li
periodical Press of that island, and among others
the following extract from a letter from Mr. R.
Grundy to the Christian Record of Jamaica,'
vindicating the sectarians from the charges of
being hypocritical, dishonest, seditious, &c.:—
" Ju-t think for a moment what this country was forty
ur tifty )ears ago, before any dissszting church was plum. d
in it.

" When the parish rectors used to haptile a parcel of
poor h-athens in the morning, aid thus make sometimes
as many as a hundred good Christians out of them before
night, and at the same time pat a good round RUM of
money into their own pockets fur the job. while 'tierce
ever afterwards did they—believing, I suppose, that bap-
tism is regeneration—.trourde their heads about the moral
-tate of the new converts. And, Sir, what is it but these
eery Dissenters corvine here that has made all the change
which we see, even in the Establishment itself ? Is it more
rhan reasonable to suppo-e, that but for their bring heir
to act like a whip of marry thongs, it would still be a
rear useless burr hen upon the country, living upon its fat
hinge, and rrhrking no manner of return ; just like that
lazy animal called the sloth, th it I once read about in a
troak of the history of beasts, which is said to climb up a
tine floori-hing tree, and never leave it while it can find a
green leaf to feed on ?
Mrry he you will say, good Sir, that all this is very
harsh ; but I ask you is it not very true, as to what was
the state of the E-talrlished Church formerly ? Thank
God, it is cliff rent from this now ; though still far be, ind
what it ought to he, arid wanting many a stroke of the
cat-o'-nine-tails just mentioned. The great error iron
which its Ministers hive fallen, and which I wish tospeak
about in this letter, as appears to me, is the seeking of
?vividly patronage, and the striving to labour kith worldly
instruments. Into this erievous mistake the Bishop has
fallen, for he writes to Magistrates and Vestrieo, asking
them to help him in his labours, while most of them are
giving all their help quite another way. He tries to sail
along with the current Of bigotry and prejudice, when he
ought to do his best to work up the stream. His clergy
ate for the most part right good fellows, boon corn
• panions of all the ungodly people about them, and
dare not, for their lives, do anything to displease
men so necessary to their comfort. I cannot mention
a stronger instance of th a endeavour to go hand in t and
with prejudice, and gratify the wishes of the worldly
people about them, than that one which you have yourself
often spoken strongly about. I mean ttre snaking cate-
chists and reigious teachers of immoral hook-keepers. I
hope and trust this business is going to be soon put an
end to. It is a disgrace. a crying shame to a body of
professedly Christian ministers, to Ire playing into the
hands of the enemy, as they must do, by upholding such
a system. I hope and trust the day is not far off when
the Bishop and all the clergy will have their eyes fully
opened to the impossibility of doing God's work w;th such
means as they know he cannot bless, and I am sure it is
your and my duty to pray for that day's speedy corning."
—p, 16.
In short, the same teachers cannot possess
the regard of both masters and slaves ; and if
we wish the slaves to receive religious instruction
they can only receive it from sectarians. This,
however, the inas!ers will never be brought to
relish. We have before us a very curious col-
lection of sermons to black slaves in Maryland,
published in 1749, in which the endeavour to
please both masters and slaves appear.: at tunes
ludicrous enough. After dwelling on the advan-
tages they have over most white people, who
have the care of looking forward to provide for
the morrow, while they are without care, the
Rev. Orator adds—
" There is only one circumstance which may appear
grievous, that I shall now take notice of, and that is cor
rect:on. Now when correction is given you, you either
deserve it or do not deserve it. But whether you deserve
it or not it is you: duty, and Almighty God requires that
you heir it patiently. You may, perhaps, th nk that this
is hard doctrine, but, if you conaider it right, you must
' needs think otherwise of it. Suppose, then, that you de-
serve correction, you cannot but say that it is just and
right you should meet with it. Suppose you do not, or,
at least, you do not deserve arm much or so severe a correta
tion for the fault you have committed, you perhaps have
escaped a great many more, and are at last paid for all;
or suppose you are quite innocent of What is laid to your
charge, and suffer, wrongfuly in that particular thing, is
it not possible that you may have done some other bad
thing taat never was doicovered? But supposing that
even this was nut the case, and that you have by no
means, known or unknown, deserved the correction you
suffered, there is this great eon: fort in it, that you bear it
patiently, and leave your cause in the hands of God, he

• p;i;st, Oar.

wilt reward you for it in Heaven, and the ptiniahment you
Liffey unjustly here shall turn to your exceeding great
glory heieaftet
.This preacher Would not be very popular
among the.. blacks. In short, to accuse secta-
rianism is to look a short way below the surface.
The evil is in slavery itself, which is incorporated
With an intelligent population.—Morning Chron.
The eff ct produced upon the commercial in-
terest yesterday by the but lhgence of a slave in-
surrection iu Jamaica is briefly described in a
communication from the city, and some of • the
melancholy details which have come to hand
through the journals of that colony, and private
letters, will be found under tho proper head.
Considering the well-meant but headlong vehe-
mence which has for years been exhibited
by a considerable party in England upon every
.
question affecting the relations between the
white man and the slave, and on the other side
the mass of pecuniary embarrassmentlunder which
what is termed the " We•t Indian interest '—
that is, the body of proprietors of estates—have
been gradually declining, until now that they are
all, with scarcely an exception, within the very
jaws of ruin, it is no easy matter to treat the
subject of those colonies, much more to legislate
for them, without aggravating for a time the very
evils for which we seek a final remedy. The original
crime and parent of all mischief was thefounding
the colonial system in slavery. The.making slaves
of barbarians is the best receipt for obstructing,
or infinitely retarding, their progress to civiliza-
tion ; but every obstacle that delays their moral im-
provement re-acts upon and perplexes the ques-
tion of admitting them to freedom. The wildest
enthusiasts for slave emancip:ttion do not venture
to assert that the negroes are fit for the duties
of free citizens at this moment. Yet some at-
tempts have been made to instruct them, but not,
it would appear, in the way best calculated to
supply the real wants of the negro mind.
Their first and frightful defect is total ignorance
of what Englishmen understand by religious and '
moral duties. The domestic vices of this de-
graded race are host ible. The most promiscuous
indulgence of the most brutal passions, unre-
strained by any of those decent or conscien-
tiousties which amongst civilized nations render
individuals of the same family sacred to each other,
is known to pollute the threshold of every negro
dwelling. The sort of instruction which they yet
have received has never, with any success at least,
been directed to the extirpation of such enormities.
The children have ever been, as they ought to be,
separated from the contamination of the parental
vices by being kept in a school-house apart, and
taught regularly and perseveringly what to believe,
or v hat, in conduct, ought to be avoided. The
blacks, of a large district, and of all ages, may
have been assembled in multitudes, and heard
discourses more easily misconstrued than re-
membered, from which they have often contrived
to draw inferences, more than probably uncle.
signed by their teachers, in favour of an imme-
diate and universal release from work. This is
not surely the mode of enlightenment ultimately
most profitable to the negroes : ought not some
knowledge of duties to accompany, if not pre-
cede, that of rights ? It is said, why should
not the masters be compelled to find instruction
for the slave ? The answer is; that in the actual
condition of the property of most West India
planters, they have scarcely the means to
educate their own children—they are in want,
for their own families, of most of the comforts
of life. And we have been informed that
many of them forbear to abandon their estates
altogether, :only from some vague hope that
the price of sugars may one day or other im-
prove. In the mean tone, does the distress of
the planter operate•exclusively upon himself and
his family r No, it extends in every instance to
the negro, who always suffers, like a wretched
Irish tenant, in proportion as the landlord is em-
barrassed. It is, indeed, obvious that where the
employer fares badly, the unfortunate labourer
will titre still worse ;—that as prices fall, and
profits Ivani,h, and every farthing becomes of
double its former worth, the same extenuation
of cruelty towards the negro and his child will
be pleaded by the West India planter, as has
been pleaded in defence of the cruelties practised
towards the equally or more wretched infants of
Englishmen, by some master manufacturers in
this country, exerting themselves even while we
write to thwart and throw out the humane Biti
before Parliament for regulating infant labour.
If the English or Scotch manufac urer exclaims, '
" Competition on every side presses me so
severely, that I must work these poor children
to death, or starve in my own person, or
else stop their wages altogether, and employ
them no more ;" so the planter says, " My
poverty, not my will consents. I am sorely
beset by successful competition, and by a load
of taxes. I must either work these negroes
barbarously, or I myself must perish." He does
not, indeed, talk of throwing his negroes out of
employment, for he must continue to feed them,
let what will happen. In that respect their
slavery turns a sharp edge upon the enslaver. It
plain, then, if the West India interest con-
tinues to be impoverished, the pressure will
as it has fallen, with fearful weight upon the un-
happy negro. If, again, the condition of the
slave is ever to be substantially amended, the
blessings of a religious titsl moral education
must be imparted to him. But it is, as we have
seen, impossible fin. the planter in his present em-
barrassments to bear the expense of hiring mas-
ters to teach the slave, or to spare even the youth-
ful negroes of either sex time enough to receive
instruction. If Government wish to improve the
slave population of the West Indies, let it-begin
by forcing the planters to admit the lessons of
teachers sent from England,---men of known
good character, of the Established Church, to be
Licensed by the local Government, and to act
under the superintendence of the Bishops.—
The expense ought to be defrayed from the
colonial revenues; but to be just, the means
of payment ought to be afforded by such fiscal
measures as might tend to assist the planter
through his actual difficulties. Nor ought the
injustice to be committed of charging a duty
on sugar which is never sold, the law as it
now exists levying the tax on the quantity
warehoused, not on that which after a course
of melting and leakage actually comes to
market, and returns a price to the grower.—
What may be the intention of Government we
cannot tell, but if some advantages of the
above nature were granted to the colonists, it
would be no more than right that the boon should
he made contingent upon their acceptance of
the regulations proposed on official authority
from home, for ameliorating the condition of the
negroes ; nor is it to be presumed that the
colonial legislatteireesfittevd proposals,ould
hesitate to
The actual
embrace
such fair and bn
crisis for the whole range of our West India pos-
sessions is terrible. Of' the capital there vested,
or we say wasted, it is now unnecessary to speak ;
but certainly, at a moment when fears are so
universally entertained for the stability of the

national revenue, a portion of the cropit which
-yields, from one article of it: produce, a tax of
about 5,000,0001. sterling, is not to be wantonly
or lightly flung away.— Times.

. We give in another part of this day's Paper
additional details respecting the damage done in
Jamaica by the insurrection of the slaves, of
which we gave a brief notice yesterday. We
have good reason to fear that the damage done
is much more considerable than we are yet aware
of ; and that if measures he not speedily adopted
for settling the mode in which the slaves shall be
manumitted, the present is only the prelude to
an insurrection of a more determined and de-
cisive result. As is justly remarked by a cotem-
pnrary, " the example of Hayti virtually
settled this question, as to every thing but
exact duration in the West Indies. The
slaves must be sooner or later set at freedom,
whether it be or whether it be not for their own
benefit ; and the sooner that proper steps are
taken for this purpose, so much the better both
for the European inhabitants of the West Indies,
and for the owners of West Indian estates in
this country. At the same time, we are among
those whb, consider that the West Indian pro-
Fietors of slaves and estates have the most un-
doubted legal claims upon the possession of
both ; and in consequence, however anxious we
may be to witness the abolition of slavery, we
must always treat it as one in which the owner
of slaves is as much entitled to compensation
for the deprivation of his rights, as the owners of
estates in this country, were they to be mulcted of
their property in them.—Morning Advotiser.
We this day publish copious details of' an in-
surrection which broke out in Jamaica at the
beginning of the present year, attended with a
lamentable destruction of property, and consider-
' able loss of life among the deluded negroes.
Happily, by the promptitude and energy of the
free inhabitants, and of the military under Sir
Willoughby Cotton, the revolt was checked be-
fore the rebels could accomplish the dreadful de-
signs they contemplated ; for, from various state-
ments we have seen in the Jamaica Papers, it
appears certain that but for the fortunate pre-
sence and timely assistance of the King's troops
a general massacre of the whites would have en-
sued. These distressing occurrences can be
viewed but with one feeling by ail men, what-
ever may be their abstract notions on the
subject of slavery ;—a feeling of horror and
detestation for those canting hypocrites who,
with religion and philanthropy in their
mouths, are the immediate and responsible
authors of all the misfortunes that have taken
place, and must be held morally guilty of
all the fearful crimes which might have been per-
petrated. The missionaries have long been pre-
paring this work. They found the negroes of
our West India islands the best fed, the best
conditioned, the most cheerful, and withal the •
happiest set of labourers in the whole civilised
world, and on their heads is the guilt and shame
of having disturbed that happiness by instilling
into the minds of their victims vain notions
about liberty and the rights of man, distracting
them with the discussion of questions which
they never before thought of, and misleading
them with fallacies which they have not pene-
tration to detect. The efforts, however, of these
men to persuade the negroes they ought not
to be happy or contented, and that they were
not bound to submit to the authority of their
masters, failed of producing the desired effect.
Even the supposed dictates of religion could not
induce the slave population to forget the care and
kindness with which they were treated. A suc-
cessful expedient was at length devised. The slaves
were assured that the King of England had'
manumitted them ail, and that their freedom
was unduly withheld from them by the planters
Is not this, we ask, a transaction which must
stamp all who were engaged in it as criminals
of the deepest dye ? And does it not become '
doubly infamous when we remember that the
perpetrators assumed the garb of religion in
order to accomplish their purposes ? Several of
them, we rejoice to find, are actually in custody ;
so that particulars will shortly be forthcoming,
which must at length open the eyes of those
weak though well-meaning individuals who have
hitherto been duped into supplying the means
for carrying on a system of fraud and wicked-
ness. Let these benevolent persons withdraw
their attention from the other side of the At-
lantic, and look at the condition of the labouring
population in their own country. Ready as we
believe them to be in the cause of humanity,
and really solicitous for the welfare of their fel-
low-creatures, they will here find an ample field
for the exercise of their charitable inclinations.
Here their efforts would be productive of obvious
and certain good ; the projects they now pursue
are worse than visionary, for they have a ten-
dency to results which humanity and religion
alike shudder to contemplate.—Morning Post.

At Dudley, the truck masters, finding it
impossible to stand against Mr. LITTLETON'S Bill have
closed their shops and relinquished the system.—Halifax
Express.
THE PEOPLE.—It is not denied that the
people are best acquainted with their own wants, and most
attached to their own interests. But •hen a question is
started, as it the persons Joking it were at a great loss for
the answer, where are we to find the intellect of the people?
why, all the intellect that ever was is theirs. The
üblic opinion expresses not only the col!ective sense of the
whole people, but of all ages and nations—of all those
minds that have devoted themselves to the love of truth,
and the good of mankind—who have beque 'toed their
instructions, their hop-s, and their example to pos-erity,—
who have thought, spoke, written, acted, and suffered in
the name and on behalf of our common nature. All the
greatest poets, sages, her es, are ours originally and by
right. But surely Lord Bacot.; was a great man ! yes,
but not because hr was a land. There is nothing of here-
nitary growth but pride and p,ejudice.—Hazlitt.
ANECDOTE OF PERCY BYSSHE SHELLEY.
h a plessure in making paper boats, and
floating them on the water. The New Monthly
has the
following curious anecdote on this subject :—So long as
his paper lasted, he, remained riveted to the spot, fasci-
nated by this peculiar amusement ; all waste paper was
rapidly consumed, then the covers of letters, io-xt letters
of little value ; the most precious contritiutions of the
twist esteemed correspondents, although eyed wistfully
many times, and often returned to the pocket, here sure
to be sent at last in pursuit of the former squadrons. Of
the portable volumes which were the companions of his
rambles, and he sold im went out without a book, the fly
leaves were commonly wanting—he had applied them as
our ancestor Noart applied Gopher wood but learning
was so sacred in his eyes, that h- never tresp issed r
upon the integrity of the copy, the work itself was alwars
respected. It has been said that he once found himself on
the north hank of the Serpentine river without the ma-
terials for indulging those inclinations which the sight of
water invariably inspired, for he had exhausted his sup-
plies on the round pond in Kensington-gardens. Not a
single scrap of piper could be found save only a bank post
bill for fifty pounds ; he he.itated long, but yielded at
1,,t ; he twist d it into a boat with the extreme rt finement
of his skill, and committed it with the utmost dexterity to
f, rottuen ei Trewn
intense
cv‘ha,
iti)tst
than
iparn( progress, if s
ki f:poti
,ri)stsuitbnhleee,
osfwotueintohifaablsotk,irl:l
those who frankly and fudy trust her; the north-eas
wwliriedte gently
yg
the latter part of the voyage the yen mous
ownerohf
cotiidzit is a
edit:lsiyarthc fable,riival with patient solicitude. The
story
but it
dominion of a singular and unaccountable passion overthe
mind of sn. tatkusiast, aptly pourtrays the

POLICE RNCL
HAT T ON- GARDEN.
Yesterday being appoint,-d f'r the final examinatiou of
Robert Wedderburne, Ann Atkinson, his housekeeper,
John Cunningham, -William Ross, alias Dross, alias
Rose, and George Anson, boys from 13 to 15 years of
age, on a charge of having dreadfully maltreated Mary
Ann Middleton, alas Tibhut, the office was crowded to
excess, and the utmost interest Was manifested.

Crowds of persons assembled, and when the prisoners
were brought trorn the New Prison they were received
with groans and hisses, &c. until they were safely lodged
in tbe lock-up place behind the office.
The injured woman Middleton was 'brought from
Saffron-hill workhouse at one o'clock, in a very weakly
condition, and the prisoners were placed at the bar, the
prisoner Wedderburne in the centre.
Mary Ann Middleton, alias Tihbut, was accommodated
with ach rir and a rumbler of cold water. She is a good
looking woman, about 30 years of age. Being sworn,
she stated as follows :—On Saturday morning, the 11th
of February, about seven o'clock, I went to the house of
the prisoner Wedderburre, with whom l was previously
acquainted, in Field-lane. He inquired whether I had
.toy money; I said I had, and wanted some breakfast. He
called Atkinson, who acs as his housekeeper, to put down
the bed for me to lay upon, and afterwards to unlace my
stays; on dung which she thrust her hand down my
bosom to try if I had any money concealed there. I re.
fused t, he undressed, or to go to bed, when the prisoner
Webriethurne seized hold of me, and violently dragged nor
into a dark and filthy cellar, into which he was accompa-
nied by the prisoners Gunningbam and Ross, who behaved
to me in a brutal manner. I was forced down to the
ground, when Wedderburne tied my hands and legs with
ropes, and the boy Rose, alias ROAS, was extremely vio-
lent, and conducted him-elf towards me while I was bound
in a manner that I cannot, in the presence of the Court,
dr scribe.

Mr. LAING.-..The ends of justice cannot he satisfied un-
less you tell the whole truth; you must, however dim
greeable, describe exactly what took place.
Witness, after consi.lerable hesitation, continued.
While I was on the ground, which was wet and dirty, the
prisoner pulled my clothes over my head, which prevented
my calling. and—[This part of her statement is unfit for
publication.] The prisoner Gunningham assisted the
others while my arms and legs were bound. Wedder-
hurtle frequendy slapped my face. I could not resist the
whole of them ; but while WeVerhurns was tying my legs
I cried out, when he exclaimed " That toy crying would
not avail me, as that was Field lane." The boys Gunning
ham and Ross were, if possible, worse in their treatment
towardsme than Wedde-burne him-elf. Ross threw some
of the moist dirt in the cellar upon my person, and iiimped
upon me violently. Ross also ass sted .0 tie my legs. Wedder-
borne s 'id it was useless for me to cry out. Atki..son did
not assist in t%ing my legs and arms. The whole of the
party, after tying me, lett me by myself in the ei llar
when I struggled very h rd, and cried out murder, fearful
that more violence would be offered. I managed to bit,
the rope through gradually with my teeth. and at length
pl iced my hands at liberty ; but the rope which hound mo.
lees! could not undo. Weddet burne ordered the boys, Cun-
ningham and Ross, to go and get a gimblet, but for what pur
pose I cannot say. He soon of er left himself, and I
contrived to crawl from the spot where I was lying to the
door 01 the vault or cellar, which occupied full hall an
hour, but no one came to ascertain whether I was alive or
dead. On my arrival at the door I screamed and cage,.
out " murder!" and exclaimed, " If there are any Christian
neighbours here, for God's sake let them enter and save
me." During the whole period the woman Atkinson, al-
length Davis,%ista n
e t,e '
unbound
ictu •1
11:
al-
though she had every opportunity, never afforded me the
having heard my cries, and he
least assistance, or did any thing to prevent the violence
offeredtennet,e entered
tohr
rendered eed.e rAd me
the
most Mr. D
humane
a n a
elicensed
um
house,t
came insensible, and was carried in a sedan-chair to S.f
fin-hill wo. khouse, where I have been ever cnce, under
Mr. Appleton, the surgeon.
Mr. LAING asked her whether she had given any cause
for the treatment which she received. Witnesss—l gave
no cause wha-ever.

Mr. LAlNc—Hoty do you get your livinz ?—Wit-
negm-1 am assisted by a gentleman who is my friend.
Wedderhurne —Slie h.ia two gentlemen who are her
friends ; she is an unfortunate woman.

Friar, a policeman, produced several infamous book
and publications, atid described the vault as a most hor-
rible place.
Macarthy, a policeman, having received information
that a woman had teen attempted to be " Burked" pro-
ceeded to the place and apprehended the prisoners. The
pro.reutrix info, med him that Wedderbtirne and tile b
had tied her hands .nd legs.
The 0 era era of the lower liberty of St. Andrew's,
Hol►tern, attended the examination.

Illr. LAING inquired of them whether they felt inclined
to prosecute the prisoners at the bat—they had heard the
evidence.

Overseer—We do not wish to prosecute, your Worship.
Mr. LAING— I can only say that this is a fit case fur
pros,,cution.

Overseer—l am one of the select vi-stry, your Worship.
If you will postpone the cane I will consult with the vestry
as to the propriety of supporting the prosecution.
Mr. LAING—If you cannot say that you will do it now
you never wid t,y consulting with the ves•ry. Here is a
min who, by his own confession, has committed a gross
outrage upon a female. He has been convicted for having
k. pt a disordeily house before.
Select Vestryman—So I understand, your Worship. I
also understand that he to,ik the house in Field lane, and
would not let any f -male enter it unless she brought home
a certain sum of money ; and he encouraged labouring boys
to the house.

Mr. LAING—The boys, by all account, are as had a.. the
man. I is s fir case for prosecution. He asked Wed-
drlburne for his d,fence.

Alter a confused statement, in which he stated that he
had no ill-wi,l or malice towards the prosecutrix, or any
cause to ill-use her, he said she entered the pl ice intoxicat, d,
and asked to he unlaced. She had no mone,.
Ross had been out of work six weeks. He denied the
charge.
Gunningham also denied the charge.
An Overseer said Wedderhurne was in the habit of ill-
treating women, he understood, if he did not bring home
money
The prosecutt ix—l supported Atkinson for six months,
and she refuse,' me assistance.

The Nl.gistiates expres..ed their abhorrence at the con-
duct of the prisoners, and convicted Weilderburne in the
penalty of 5/. or two months' imprisonment. Gonningliam
and Ross were convicted in a similar penalty. The Maui-
strate, sincerely regretted that the law would riot allow a
greater punishment.

Anson WIN discharged ; and, addressing the prisoner
Atkinson, Mr. LAING said, with the concurrence of Mr.
RocEfts, that they most unwillingly liberatid her, and i!
she had any sense of feeling she would never show her face
in that neighbourhood again.

An overseer now said that there was a gentleman pre-
sent, from the Society for the Suppression of Vice, who
w.ts ready to prosecute ; hut that gentleman we did not
observe to identify himself to the Mae istrates, or hear him
say Any ,hing upon the su..ject The overseer rtquested
to know how th:- impure books were to be disposed of?
Wethierburne—They are not improper books, your
Worship.
Air. LAING—Th.y must be burnt.

The Magistrates selectel a quantity of books of a base
character, and they were all set into a blue over the grate
the prisoners' presence.
While the prisoners were under examination, the im-
mense crowds in front and behind the office indulged in
indiAnant execrations, arid on the news reaching the out-
side that Atkinson was discharged, a woman, who was
mist 'ken for her, was followed, and hooted and groaned at,
and summary chastisement would have been inflict d were
it not that Inspector Busaine and a party of police pro-
tected her to a place of safety.
Atkinson would have been maltreated if she had left,
but she remained in the office till a late period of the day,
when she hastened out of the neighbourhood. Before
three o'clock the crowd increased consideratily,.and Wvd-
i!erbuine and the other prisoners were escorted to the new
prison, Cierkenwed, iollowed by the populace, who vented
their tury upon them. They were hooted, groaned at,
and pelted, during the whole of the way, and the officer,
cia)welitnh
greatforth firmness.eirshareof violenci; ; hut Wedderburne bore
all

Although medical men seidom take the cho-
lera, it is certain hat many of the faculty are at present
labouring under a disorder of the chest, one unequivocal
symptom of which is, an extraordinary itehiny in the
Palms of the hands.—Morning Herald.
The refugee Monks of LA 'FRAPPE have
taken Deer-park, county Clare, for their establ.shito nt.
Seventy memliers will he locate.l there, and a large agri-
cultin al school opened.—Freeman's Journal.
INQUEST.—Yesterday evening the inquest
upon the body of DINAH HARMAN, aged 78, who, e death
was reported to have been caused by her uwu son, was
conch.ded. The iiiiy returned a verdict of " Man-
slaughter" against Joys H.s.FatA:c-

COURT CIRCULAR:.

Baron &tow, the Prussian Minister, and the DAM!
be WassaNsuaG, the Austrian Minister, on a special
mission, had int,rviews with Viscount Par.mitasTos
yCA-
terday at the Foreign-office.

Mr. BURGS, the agent for, Jamaica, and Lord SEAFORD,
had a conference with Viscount GODERICII yesterday at
the Coloni 11-office.. Lord Hut., the Commander of the
Forces, had an interview with the Noble Viscount yesterday.
The LORD CIIANCELLOR and the Right Hon. CHAR.
GRANT visited Earl GREY yesterday at the Treasury.
