HOUSt UM •

Sir ALEXANDER GRANT and others, from the
Commons, brought up the Land Tax Commis-
sioners' Bill, the Larceny Laws (Ireland) Consoli-
dfitin Bill; the Cfirninal Justice (Ireland) Bill, the
Bail P easeS Of felony (Ireland) Rill:
*t.isoN and others brought up the Property
liAmits and others broiight Of Message,
requesting.. that their Lordships'• might permit tditl
• Viscount Goderich to be examined before the Select
Committee of the Commons appointed to enquire
into the public buildings under the direction of the
Board of Works.
M6s'senger3 were informed that their Lord-
ships Woidd send an answer by Messengers of their
own.
The Archbishop of YORK presented a petition
from the city of York, praying for the abolition of
Slavery:
Ldrd MAYNARD presented a petition from
Colchester against the" Bill limiting the circulation
Of one pound notes:
PEXRTN VISFRANCONEMENt
Lord KING said that in Consequehee of the in-
disposition of his Noble Friend (the Earl of Oar.
narvon) he was requested to move that the order of
the day for the second reading of the Penryn Dis-
francliisemek tic read for the purpose of discharhing
it. His Noble Friend expected to be able to attend
on Friday next, and he would therefore fix the
second reading for that day, and moved that their
Lordships be summoned accordingly.
The LORD 'CHANCELLOR said, that from
the great extent of the evideite, it was desirable that
a day should be fixed Which the Noble Lord
would be able certainly to attend.
Lord KING had no dbubt but that triday would
be a perfectly convenient clay.
Their Lordships are ordered to be surnrixoned for
Friday.
The Earl sf ELDON presented a petision against
any further concession to the Catholics, and also a
petition from certain Merchants and others in Glas-
gow, praying for protection to West India property.
Leave was given to Lord GODERICD to attend
the Select Committee of the House of Commons,
pursuant to their request, and his Lordship signified
hif assent.

Petitions for the abolition of slavery were pre-
sented from Hertford by the Marquis of SALISBURY,
and from Gainsborough by Lord GODERICII.
Lord KING presented a petition from William
Cobbett, junior, against the Southwark Bridge Bill.
The Duke of WELLINGTON presented u peti-
tion from certain silk weavers Of Macclesfield, pray-

ing. that a rate of wages might be established. -
The Southwark-bridge and the Ayr and Calder
Navigation Bill were read a third time, and passed.
Earl STANIIOPE presented a petition from
Kilburn against the Small Note Bill.

(LEFf tiTTIN€4.)

TATTERSALL's THIS DAY

The betting *as almost at a stand still, and every body
waiting to know what bersm wOhld On at Ascot. The
Gloucestershire Stakes seemed to have the call, and the
betting was nearly confined to it. Miss Ciaven seems to have
crept above Alcaston, and is taken for choice. Little was
done on the St. Leger, but Velocipede appears going °tit
of fashion, takers not being anxious, and betters !ready
at 31 to 1. All above that is booked. They closed as
follow
SWF.EPSTAKES OF 100 SOVS. EACII, AT ASCOT TO-MORROW.
JohannaSouthcote colt was backed at even ag€t the field,

- -
and at 6 tb 4 agst Zinganee.
CUE GLOUCEbTERSHIKE STASES—CHELTENHAM, JUNE 17.

3 to 1 on Miss Craven
• 3 to 1 agst Alcaston
5 to 1 agst Jocko
ST. LEGER.
4 to 1 agst Mr. Armiiage's Velocipede (taken)
11 to 2 agst Colonel King's Bessy Bedlam
6 to I agat Hone B. Metre's The Colonel
20 to 1 agst Mr. Marson's Mdtphy
25 to 1 agat Lord Milton's Ballad Singer
25 to 1 agst Mr. Mouldsworth's Terror

}LAYMAN, the eminent sculptor, died com•
paratively poor. His sisters have administered to his will,
and the whole of his effects are sworn under four thousand
pounds.
THE FIRST WOMAN.—M. de TALLEYRAND
was a man of amiable intercourse ; had great facility for
business; a mind possessed of resources such as I have not
discovered in any other man. Clever at frustrating and
winding up an intrigue, he had all the art and ability
which the times required : he was incessant in his atten-
tions to General BONAPARTE, and acted for him the cha-
racter of mediator, orator, and master of ceremonies.
Yielding to so much sell, the General accepted his
attentions. This mode of proceeding brought on balls
and evening parties, where the Minister had taken
care to bring together the remains of the old No-
bility. It was at one of these parties that General
BONAPA RV? saw Madame de STAIN. for the first time,
the hero had always excited a lively interest in that
celebrated woman. She attached herself to him, entered
into conversation with him, and in the course nf their
colloquial intercourse, in which she attempted to soar above
her height, she suffered a question to escape her which
betrayed the ambition nourished in her breast. " Who is
the first woman in your eyes ?" she asked him. " Madam,"
he replied, " the woman who brings the most children
into the world." Madame de smEt, was stunned : she
expected a totally different answer.—Savary's Memoirs.
The case of the East India Company L. Ma-,
nockiee was resumed. The SoLtcrroa-GENERAL, followed
by Mr. Sergeant BOSANQUET, were beard in behalf of the
Company. -Two points of law were at issue in this case :
first, whether the rice furnished by order of the Military.
Board of Bombay for the use of the Madras army during
the Deccan war was an infringement of the Contract be-
tween that board and the respondent, the rice thus fur-
nished not having been purchased by him ; and secondly,
as to the logality of allowing the sum of 40,0001. in the
way of interest, added to the original sum of 10,0001 ,
awarded as compensation to the respondent; the decision
of Sir Enwaan WEsr, by whom the cute was tried in
India, being that 9 per cen,t. compound interest be al-
lowed. on the sum awarded (10,0001.) to be calculated
from the year 1804 to the time of the decision in 1821.
Mr. Sergeant SCANKIE svas heard on behalf of the re-
spondent, and was followed by 111 r. DEN AtAN, who con-
cluded a very able address at four o'clock, when their
Lordships rose, and adjourned the meeting.
AWFUL. OCCURRENCE.—On the evening of
Thursday the Mb inst. a society of young gentlemen from
Gainshorough and the neighbourhood met at their cricket-
ground opposite the town and across the river Trent, for
play. They spent the evening very pleasantly, were cross-
ing the water again at about nine o'clock in a small boat,
and had reached a Trent barge towards the Gainshorough
side in safety, when a fierce dog sprang from the barge upon
the gunnel of the boat, with such fury that the passengers
(who were all standing) rushed to the opposite side, and
the boat upset. By this accident eleven persons were
I plunged into the mid-stream of the river; and, unfortu-
nately, immediate assistance from shore was prevented by a
dense tier of shipping which intervened. In this awful
state, each of the young men had to rely chiefly upon his
own efforts for safety, while very few could swim ; yet,
strange to say, ten out of the eleven, by the exertion. of
Mr. ARNoLD, jun. and others, were saved : the other, a
young gentleman nanied FRED. A. DucKLE, sunk to rise
no more.—Stamfsrd Mercury.

1
Nik. •

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

BOW-STREET.—M. 1,A7,611TE IN A DUEL.—in con-
sequence of a dispute on Friday rtiglYt between Mons. La-
porte, the French comic performer, and ICti'm Pettit, the
ballet-master of the King's Theatre, the latter Oft is chal-
len•ge'to 'Mk Laporte, which was immediately aecePted.. A
alki
.r..;' eUtlerna,Mt. Sea .etp residing in Regent-street, got some
intelligev.ce a i.i!' :• -itjittlet applied at Bow-street for a
warrant to apptelien th l'aitiosi, flaiving made a state-
ment on oath to the above effect, .;!Wai-faitt was imme-
diately granted and placed in the hands or L6iSitif,et;the
officer, who proceeded in quest of the parties. He a??
succeeded in apprehending Mons. Pettit, but on inquiry
ascertained that immediately after the performances at the
o'l,ferieS' Ilefea4,re on Friday night, Mons. Laporte started
' for Dover, by a! ztfail 111vich leaves Piccadilly at twelve
o'clock at night" iatend'ilig tO protted to Calais, the place
1 Vriere his antagonist had appointed fe meet him. Any
atLenii.t.i to.oveitake lkinV,.it.watobVions, vetoed be useless.
At two o'clock(' bit Satiirday afternoon Mons. Pettit was
brought to the above oftce in etisrody, attended by his so.
lie'itor and several friends. th,tl. (colicitia earnestly re-
quested that the examination might take ri),Ae in the Magis-
trates' private room, but both Sir R. Birnie arid 191 r: Halls
'efttted to attend to the application.
The nitortration having been read, Mr. Seager was again
sworn to the trail; ol ite contents, and M. Pettit being ig-
norant of the English langnagtei his solicitor was sworn to
act as interpreter for him.
Mr. HALLS then (addressing Mons. P.) said—l have
received information on oath that you have sent a letter to
Mons. Laporte, endeavouring to excite him to a breach of
tire peace.
Mons. 14. (thrutigh his interpreter)—That letter was
iiot iirritfen iVith the intention you suppose.
Mr. flition hate Written a latter to Mons. La-
porte challenging hint to eght a duet, and be is now on
his road to Calais to give foil the meeting required. Under
these circumstances I feel it my 'defy .fer ode you to find
sureties to keep the peace towards Mons. Laporte and the
rest of his Majesty's subjects, yourself in 1900/. and two
tureties of 250/. each. You may retire with the officer
until yoiir 1161 arrives; and if it isuny satisfaction to you,
I can tell yeti that the moment Mons. Laporte returns, I

shall treat him in the same manner.
Having come provided for the worst, Mons. Pettit and
his friends withdrew into the clerk's office. As soon as they
had gone, Mr. Halls observed that he bad seen Laporte
playing at Drury-lane on the 'freckling night, and under-
stood that as soon as the performance was over, he jumped
into a post-chaise which had been waiting, and dashed off
foe Dover.
The teaettel originated at the Opera last week, in con-
sequence of the ballet not being ready in time, which caused
high words between the Fatties:
A hackney-coachman, named Murrell, was brought up
on Saturday on suspicion of being concerned in, robbing a
gentleman from Manchester, named Burleys of a purse,
containing 16 sovereigns and some silver.
Mr. Burley treat to Vauxhall Gardens on Friday even-
ing, and returned to the Hammums, where he is staying;
in the prisoner's coach. Cliff alighting, the prisoner de-
manded ss. as his fare, to which 'Mt. Burley objected.—
They were disputing the matter, when- three or four fel-
lowa gathered round, and one of them gave Mt. Burley a
blow tin the arm, which knocked the purse out of his band,
and the fellow picked it up and ran away, as did his com-
panions. Mr. Burley, conceiving that the coachman was
in league With the thieves, gave him in charge to the watch.
When the ease was called on, Mr. Burley was not pre-
sent ; and in easter to a tnerecige sent to him, be said he
could state nothing against the Mars beyond mere suspicion.
Mr. HALLS then sent a peremptory me*:ge requiring his
I attendance immediately, and he came; and the Magistrate
reproVed him in very strong terms for his non-attenclance.
Mt. Burley said he was not an unwilling. Witness ;• he bars
LI merely stated that he could not fix any charge on the man.
Mr. HALLS—WeII, Sir, I'shall discharge.the man. You
may go, Sir---s-the case is done with...:-you may go.
Mr. Burley (who has the. misfortune to be deaf) turned
round, and had nearly reached the office door when he put
lon his hat; on which Mr. Hails called out, " Officer, make
that person take off his hat; I will feuds , persons to treat
the bench with proper respect." Mr. Burley did not hear
this order and walked on, when Mr. Halls called out to an
officer, " Knock his hat off!" and one of the patrol,
named Goodison, made a blow at Mr. Burley's bat, but
Missed it; he repeated it, and the hat flew into the yard.
Here the scene ended.
MARLBOROUGH-STREET.---CHARGE OF ARSON.
—On Saturday a young female of prepossdeing appearance,
named Ellen Ford, was brought before Mr. CONANT on
the following charge of arson :
The prisoner had been in the service of Mr. Golds-
worthy, of the Highlander, Dean-street, Soho, since. Tues-
day last. On Friday she seemed particitlarly dejected,
*hid' she attributed to sleeping apart from her mother, hut
no harsh language was addressed to her by any of the
family. She rose that morning at six o'clock, and lighted
the tap-room fire, after which she weat down stairs with a
candle in her hand. Ellen Munroe, another servant be-
longing to Mr. Goldsworthy, having occasion to wash out
a cloth In the yard at half-past seven, was alarmed by a
strong smell of fire, and on turning round to see where it
proceeded from, ' she 'raw the cellar apparently in a blaze.
The girl immediately ran to the door of the cellar, and en-
deavoured to extinguish the flames by scattering the wood
and shavings, and then alarmed Mr. Goldsworthy and his
daughter, who came down stairs, and the fire was at
length subdued. Five hundred gallons of spirits were in
the cellar, and it was Mr. Goldsworthy's opinion, that if
the fire had continued five minutes longer, the house would
hare been burnt to the ground. The suspicions against
the prisoner arose from her being the first up that morn-
ing, and\ no other person was in the house excepting the
family ; besides which, she was seen approaching the cel-
lar door with a light.
The prisoner, who appeared deeply affected with her si-
tuation, Was remanded for another week.
WORSIIII'-IITREET.-00 liaturday, Mr. James
Laing, a gentleman of fortune, and Mr. Charles Pitt,
jun., a surveyor, were summoned before Mr. Bitonwcroet,
charged with an attempt to demolish the gardess and wall
of a gentleman named Charrinoton.
Mr. Bantionton raid, that the injury to the property
being more than 51. (it being stated at 1001.), was not
within the jurisdiction of a Magistrate; but, as a breach
of the peace had beta committed, Mr. Laing must give
bail, himself in 100/., and two sureties in bOl. each, to
appear at the Sessions, Anil keep the peace the mean time.
Mr. Pitt was merely required to give his aeon recognizance.
Erritaonnisranv Case.—For afew dayspsat there have
been several investigations at this Offiee respecting two
children, a bey and a girl, who were left some years since
in the care of a carpenter, named Flowers, and his wife.
They were in the tint instance brought up for helf-starving
the boy,. and inquiries were then made after the
,girl, who,
they said, ran away seven years ago, and hid not been
heard of. This not being satisfactory, at a subsequent exa-
mination they produced a girl, whom they declared to be
the lost child, but suspicion arose that she was' an impos-
tor ; arid at length the girl herself declared that she was not
the person she bed represented, but a girl of the town named
Jane Eskinson, who, en account of some supposed resem-
blance to the lost child, had been taken from the streets, and
tutored in the character she was to sustain by Mrs. Thomas
FlOwers and others.
.A very long examination took place at this office on
Saturday, when the girl's deposition, which had accupied a
clerk an entire .day in writing, was read over, and she de-
tailed the various arts by which She-said she had been in-
duced to aid in the imposition.
Mr. Harmer and Mr.Wooler attended for the defendants,
and urged, in defence, that the girl was a most ingenious
and artful creature, who had completely imposed upon their
clients, as well as other persons.
The inquiry was adjourned 'for a week, the parties im-
plicated by the girl's statement being held to bail for their
re-appearance.
TOWN-HALL.—On Saturday a smartly dressed young
man applied for a warrant against a person named Lloyd,
whom he charged with defrauding him of Si. 10s. under
these circumstances:—
The applicant, it appears, by his own account,4travels
to the different fairs in the neighbourhood of the metropolis
with linen, cambric, and the like, and being in want of a
horse, applied to Lloyd, a travelling poquaintance,to furnish
him with one, and agreed to give him Si. lOs. for it,whicb,
on being submitted to the judgment of a farrier, turned
out to be afflicted with the glenders, and though war-
e- 3dorus.nk; The
ranted sound, was not intrinsically womrtal,ri
found a bill in
seller was at this time at Romford, and thither the
applicant followed him, and demanded restitution of the
money, paid before delivery; and a consent given to restore
the money, or substitute another horse Thise applicant'a
consenting to accompany him to town. being, agreed
to, on their arrival, the applicant was taken to the " House
of Commons," in St. George'ts6eMmarokr;tig,
put to bed, and en rising in
his pocket purporting to be drawn by himself on Lloyd, at
one month's date, for the repayment of the 8/. 10e. This
decurnent was produced, and on the face of it proved to
have been drawn up by one Of the confederates on a regular
stump, signed by the applicant in scarcely a legille hand
(and he did not deny the possibility of its being Ins signa-
ture), and accepted by Lloyd, who being unable t • write
his name had placed his cross for an acceptance. The
espseull, on being asked if he doubted in the least that the

~-1 sull ole
signature to the bill' Was 'his own, replied' that he a„,
but he must !me been beastly drunk at the time he irn,,,
it (there was no doubt on this point). Still he thosgbir
was swindled.
-veal ilti

The ALl:Tamar told him he was justly serf, .
without entering into fttrtber particulars on the sub*cts
him to his remedy by action, when the bill•becaratcll4
QUEEN-SQUARE.—Saturday John- Fortene,
,4
reigne;', of dimintive stature, was brought before Alt.
RIM, charged by his wife, Mary Ann 'rodents; tr,ti
saulting her, and atosatening her life under-0,84W
circumstances
your Worship, said Mrs. liono, I have been 04
to (lie titre little man (pointing is her husband)
1826, and tie;tl;;;•,c I refuse to live with 14m, as he et
0..14i1i
keep me as a lady be kept, he has Ate inniewo
to follow me wherever Igo: A few days ago be. suet 1010
St. John-street, and because I refs,,ed to go home wit,
he tore my bonnet into fragments. 1 assure your 710
ship he a most dangerous little MUM I Prove had him isof
the Police Offices in London, and yet he contissues to
one like a mad dog.
" ' -roor Worsh'V'

flushand.—She is a rank bad one, y.
had not been married to her more than a few "on'
when she eloped with a tall Irishman, and contrived
inc iWn debt to the amount of forty pounds.
ife.—Don't believe him, he is a great liar.—bind 6~
over to Neep the peace.
_.;401
The Mag)otrate said, that the assault had beets ust
sworn to ; it was therefore his duty to order the defeftw
to find bail.
UNION-HALL.—On Saturday morning
Lawson, whose case appeared, about six weir&'
our report from this Office, preaented himself ber)6*
CHAMBERS, Esq., (who so kindly listened to his take
sorrow and trouble, and generously.offered aid &mug&
own purse), for the purpose of returning his traterol
knowledgments for the favours conferred.
' Mr. Lawson was dressed very neatly, having, witilhic
of the money given him, redeemed his own clot lies,
lie had been compelled to pledge in the hour (%f ilistres''
He then handed in a written
.note to the Ma;iB.tTater
which the following is a copy :
." #A.II,
" I beg leave to return my most grateful tha n.
gelmous individuals who have come forward :to assio
in consequence of what appeared in the Mont lag
of the 12th ult., which account was copied 'in the 0
Newspaper. Their benevolent intentions have bec/1
filled, so far as snatching me from the horrors of &
house, and enabled me to live without its wall& )".
feel (to a person born and educated a gentle:ll*T
dreadful situation of existing, on charity alone. 151Y..„4
my wish—my utmost ambition—now is, to he do
')
support myself by the application of what abilities al
quirements I possess. I would cheerfully accep t
'situation, however humble, i I conceive Dodd of
graceful that is not dishonest."
To some questions put by the worthy 31agistri two
said that the money which had been so benevolent 11
him, in consequence of the publicity given to his to 0°,,;
enabled, hint to live, but he was not yet sucoessful v
tanning employment. He then departed.

r.3~~

(

l'

on Tel tiVaEisCi Majesty's)TACl r ,°A 11
TR •
terve Tetidera in
• rix'Haudrel Sae
riftY Tons of N
One Thousand T
. Thirty Tons of
roar Hundred
Tons of Ti
Fed, Tons of IS
*t•Tens t
Ten' Tons
ro be -cfelifei:4
f t 13. P
- ?rd.. J:ine
t4iNindei Ifrilit
. For 'Ten . The
Moo risliik;id
ti*iths 'from: tig
And,also, for
added Jro , lii
11"eilY4 l'ir
Ellen ; to be deli
Samples .;f t
114 et seprAue
of the Tobacco,
44 Linen Shirt
(• The COnditio
-• Ace.
!tad' Tender
" 4.;"4hesdelivered I
711' the Person '
hie behalf, n

EAST
yHECC
UNIT]
ENGLAND Tr
gilt Notice,
That the QII
,1114,1 COMPAN'
44denhart-ritree
%de SPECIAI
'tosin the COM
AA COMP.
Prbrositiou tber
Cap. 4. sec. S.
The Court of
emend Court i
lobroitting for c
Celia, of the
Court of Direct
George Cuningt
413 m of 2001. pe
sitowance of I SC
The Report r
together with ti
tion has been fc
Proprietors, at t

AUTHOR
Just publisl
T. VAL
Maid of I
.Zaverley." Fo
NICLES of the
Panted for
and hiarshall, L

CHRONICL
'''eond Edition,
TALES of a
SCOTT, Bart.
The COOK'!
TALES and
Odd Volume.
EDINBURG
vtice 20a.
Th
AN INQ
Expedit
the CANOt
4°Y of the Law
of ENGL ANT.
By WI
Of Lincoln's-In

Printed for .1
t°n, London.
-....,
it' 2 vols. svo.

A/If EXIC(
Esq., b
e-Nntry. Con
~el°+-a History
pent State of
"iistriets.
printed for 11

Bvo

AN oc
MO]

'` Worthy of ati
1,, The p
s'nefit of the

SALATI
the
