IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, JAN. 19.
'; he Loan CHANCELLOR took his seat on the Woolsack at five o'clock.
: ord ABINGER presented a petition from a person of the name of
\Wright, complaining of an Act, commonly called the Lords' Act.
Lord FOLEY presented a petition from the Baptists of Worcester,
pra)ing for the immediate abolition of slavery in the colonies.
PETTY LARCENIES.
The Duke of RICHMOND presented a petition, which he consi-
dered from its nature as well as from its being signed by 43 of the acting
magistrates of the County of Sussex, to be a petition well deserving of

their Lordships' attention. The petitioners stated that they were con.
stantly called upon to commit persons to prison for petty stea'ing ;
that often those persons so committed remained in prison for five or six
weeks before taking their trial ; and that afterwards when convicted
before a jury, taking their former length of imprisonment
into consideration, the magistrates could only inflict what ap.

Feared to be a •ery small punishment, the cause of which

not appearing to the public, it was liable to be regarded by the

public as an inefficient punishment. At the ♦ery last Petty Fes-

;ions for the county of Sussex,

he himself (the Noble

Duke) was present, and saw a person tried fur stealing a few trifling ar-

tick's of the value of sixpence. That individual had been eoaned
in gaol fifty days before his trial, so that the Court could wily inflict
one week's additional imprisonment upon him, and ordering that he

should be kept at hard labour. What the petitioners thought was,
eh it there should be a petty Sessions held on public days,and that their
CA.airts become public Courts, at which they might try those casts of petty
larceny much more frequently than can be done now, and where

such cases might be disposed of quite in a ,uramary manner.
The next thing they eal:ect the attention of the House to was juveni:e

oir.-nders, in respect of whom he (the Noble Duke) entirely agreed with
the petitioners. They stated that they believed, as indeed appeared by
the present returns before the House, that a very large number of the

persons committed to the prisons of this country were under the ale of
14 or 13 years ; and that in the instances hich p2rsons of

those years were committed for small 14reenies, it would, in the of Win!)
of the petitioners, be infinitely better that the Magistra'es should have the
power of sending them to a reformatory school, rather than of com-
mitting them to prison, however well diciplined that prison might
1).?. When a person of such years was committed to prisoo for

such an offence, it was not to be expected but that, when he

went back to associate with those r. ho had inauced him to

ecmmit the offence, he would become equally as bad as ever.

the Magistrates of the county of Sussex and him elf asked of their
Lordahipa was, that they would recommend the Legis!ature to make the

experiment, which he believed had been the 1, and succrs,fully trie,l, as

Iris Noble Friend at ;he head of the Council was well aware, in the
CAldren's Friend Society, where it had been f and to answer
r.,,naritably well, and also by the Society t'or the Refuge for
t.,,e Destitute. What they asked was that enquiry shoull be
uu,te into the facts set forth in the petition. Lastly, the magi,trates
called the serious attention of their Lordships to the Acts which had been

pwscd during the lest Session. He (the Duke of Richmond' had ventured
wt, en these rills were before the House, to move a claese to the effect
that oboe of the offences which w,re hercafte- to be capital and
w•,ich had been most properly reduced during the lost session—that
none of these should be tried at Quarter Sessions. The majority of
their Lordships had agreed with him that that should be done,
t the Bill having come up at so late a period, it was in,-
po,eible to send teem back again to the House of Commons
for the purpose of introducing the clause. At present it was
left to the magistrates, before whom persons charged with great aal
beinouiotrencus would be tried. Ile (the Duke of Richmond) did not
wish to impose additional duty upon the. Judges ; but whe:e seritms
oT.ncei et that character we. e to be adjudicated upon it, it w0...1.1 be
nacre satisfactory to tl.e public if they were trhd before the Judges. Ile
begged to call the attention ot' the Nela'e Lord at the head dr the Go-
ver rimeet, and also cf the Sseretery of S,ate for the Flame Department,
to the petition, and if they ad got other met,ers to attend to, he (the
Dike of Richmond) would here,fter move that the petition be referzed
Committee of their Lordships.
Lord BROUGHAM thought er:ry person who hat heenl the
irn-
'pt•r'nnt statement o' Lie Neble Duke must at leu•t agr-e with him
that it was tt subject ituperie.:v.ly railing t,r enquiry Ile was
of those who had seppotted the Bills which had dimiuished
•o groat an amount of c..p.tal offences, awl by wldeli capital
tunisheient was restricted to a very few crimes, but he had never
sti,eght that, whets that change of the law Lad 112_,11 sterported by him,
,sed when these Bills had bee., pass-ii—he certainly ..id rut the::!: that
Vie consequence would be to sti,,ers de tee h 411.17 tribti,dis of cri-
henal jestice, and tr,nsfer t' e aemitil,trati n the tiw
In all those cases which now for ;he tie t time had cea,el to he

, ,its: to Vie It certain It it' any bad
set, tact they W.2re to transfer as those s w hie% ::re no iong,er
capita: (rem the ji.k;ges i,fAms ze. to the st,sious thiit every rine •:.-ou'd at
enc.:lcon:es, who has herd the subject dise,isse that that wa4 r.o prlet of
the pro'2.et 1:e real y thot,g' t tie so:..ieet requiri'd
tuul he fe:t uo doubt if it was pot give.,, it wcitill tie Lee `s:,:try
the Legailatur:t to interf:re. 1 e hat: uo tlitit,t that her Maesty'...
.verulnent would turn their attentitai to it.
jr.,! LORD CH A`:CI:M.Oi had tit hat t h 4tzbk. et required
huntediat:i.ittention, but the coarse tlrit it would be beat to adopt, re-
cu'se..l great i.:ansitl.-ration.
`.ot'd 1;17.:)Ut11/ 71 thought that woutc be a great goi,il if '..steer
assist.' ice were provid for the Judge at the S-ssioas

_Lord BiNGER thought there was yune inisunderstandiag e then in
t'- mind of 'lie petitioners, or in the mind cf the Noble Lord who had
prt,ented the petit ire. The C, utt of Sessions had before the power to
try all 'hese orfencrr. Why the Magistra,es shou'd erm?'a.ll he could
no: tell, !‘c:-ause if they chose. to e,mintt persons to the f,2narter Ses-
p,.rs they tietst try Meal then.. •
The :Juke of RICHMOND must, in just ire to the Magistrates of the
city r.:ttsse, soy, ti at they were well aware that they I:Al the
power to try tacit or:eoces, but it was their custom not to it , so. The
. idges it was true had made no such order as had hewn re erred t
but if they had, the Magistrates would not have obeyed it.
the Afa-tistrates complained of v,as that the discretion
wal Dot removed from the a. 11, could not s.'e any thjec-
lion to tying in a Bill for the purpose of saying that the cases should
b.• tried before the Judges. Ile knew perfectly well that some of the
gas who went the Circuit said, Why dorm bring this paltry case be_
tons ins a not try it at the :iessions?" and a other .1112-; • ,a'd just the
reverse. All the magistra, es wanted was your regul..Lon troon the Auiki Ct.
• asked for no more than that these might be an Act of Parliament on
c,e subject, an that it might he binding upon al Nlnistrates. to had
s. • doubt, a Bid to carry the recommendation into efrect would be very
easily passed, and he trusted the C,,vernment would introduce one at
a.! early period. If not, he wool I take thel.berty of again calling their
J.,:rdships' attention to the st&j:ct.
Lord WH A lINCLIFFE was fa:ly of opinion that all great crimes
styy,..ld be tried Deere the Judges of the Land, because sm:h a solemn
trial haii a much greater effect than one had before the Quarter Sea.
kioll3. A Bill for the purpose of carrying the Noble Duke's plan into
eireet could be easily passed, and he trusted his Noble Fr lend would
lose no time in Introducing one for the purpose.
Lord ABINGER agreed in all that had been sail, but he believed
it would be found that the fact was, that many Magistrates were
afr Lid of putting the county to any great expellee, and
therefore, they committed to the SAiiotls ; and if the Noble Duke
awn., ed h.s Bill, he would find that he would create mood alarm
,amongst the Magistracy He wished, however, that a d'stinction .r the
easse, of crime—f,r instance, for the crime cf sheep.stealing a heavy pu-
saaishment was inflicted, yet ha saw no reason why it should not be tried
it Vie Quarter Sessions. So again wall the crime of stealing in a
c.wrllit,g house, where the sum was not pee.
CANADA.

Lord BROUGHAM Reid he had a petitioa to present on a subject
which occupied much of their Lordships time last night—
the present unfortunate state of affairs in the province of Canada—a
ennition from the Baptist Church and Congregation of Romney-street,
Weetminster, deprecating all coercive measures, and recommending
*he propriety of taking the tOraoet precaution to avoid a Civil War.
":he Noble and Learned Lord also presented a petition from
the Borough of Maryiebone, agreed to at a public meeting to the same ef-
fect. My Lords, said the Noble Lord, it is unnecessary for me to state that
with the exception of one, I entirely concur in the statements in the I
petition, and that I also concur in the prayer of those petitions, and the
geeerat feeling that actuated the petitioders. It is also unnecessary for
tf,er what passed lest sum ner and last night, that I should detain
your Iserdahios by stating they have my cheerful concurrence. But,
Sot Lords, I wish to apologise to your Lordships for an omission of mine,
welch may appear to have betokened a want of due respect to a Noble
Friend of mine. I understand that, after I quitted the licuse last
Light, many observations were made, some in a more vehement,
sot other; in a more peasant manner, upon my absence. My Lords, it
is well I should state the cause cf that absence. I had heard my Noble
Feieod at the head of the Government admit that he redly had no de-
fence to offer to the main charge which I felt it my painful duty—l
wll; ;till use that worst, notwithstanding the denunciation of it by ano-
ther Noble Friend: of mine, if tie w ill allow inc to call him so—if after
Cie n;ght'e refreshment and rest lie is disposed to allow me to call
him so—notwithstanding, I say, the denunciation into which he
w sited himself up respecting it—l understood my Noble Friend
at the had of the Government to state, it n-as a part of time con-
duct of the Government which he could not justify, and as lie did mot
yireceed to attempt to defend or justify it, I really did suppose there was
an end of the debate. I was confirmed in this belief—a mistaken one,
as it now appears to be—by another Noble Friend of mine, if he will
alleve me to call him so, at the head of the Council—the Lord President
of the Council—having got up and presented himself to your Lordships,
apeerently with the view to offer some observations to your Lordships,
tut immediately again taking his scat, and never having again presented
himself during the interval of the debete.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE—I made way for Lord Ripon.
Lord BROUGHAM—He had passed cut of the House, and he
bad made no answer. I had thought there was enough to answer in
what I had sail before, and as my Noble Friend had not answered
that, I did not expect that he intended to answer my second speech.
1-lowever, my Lords, as to my going away, I have besides to say
that I was yesterday slowly and partially recovering from a
severe indisposition, having been under • medical treatment, and
ase[sed by my physicians to be careful of exposing myself in inclement
weather. I have this apology to offer to your Lordellipe and my Noble
Frisnd,and I hope it will satisfy you. But then if my friend (Lore Lane-
eiuwne) had a right to complain, or if any other Noble Lord had a right to
cemplain, no one had less a right than my Noble Friend the Secretary
for the Colonies, for I have been told by some that if Iliad been present
lie would have been deprived oft he best part of his speech ; indeed the
admirers of my Noble Friend say—of the best thing he ever said in his
)ifs.—;Hear, and a laugh.) He said that I, like my friends, Fapineau
and the others—
Lord GLENELG—No; that you went across the hoe like your friends.
Lord BROUGHAM—WeII, I was not present, and I cannot answer
for what my Noble Friend did say ; but I am told that my Noble
seriend used the refined expression that I bolted.—(Laughter.)
Lord GLENELG-1 did not say so.
Lord BROUGHAM—WeII, I must begin to think that my Noble
Friend did not say the good things at all which his friends say were
the best things he ever sell its his life.—(Laughter.) It turns out to
he a mistake, and that my Friend only said that I went across the line.
New, I can't find any similarity in the conduct of those persons
when my Noble Friend speaks of—l mean the rebels in Canada—
zed mine; for I slid not retire across the line or from this House out
any fear other Majesty's troops—(laughter)—but from the accidental
.circumstance which I have alluded t0.—(.1 laugh.) I mei. seil the line
horn those circumstances, but it seems I did not get out of the reach of
itier Majesty's troop;—(a laugh)—and here I am again without any
r ar of their putting me down as they have put down those
Gee or troops to whom I have strange's, been likened. My
-sent e Friend said, that all the demands of the Cena liens had been
.cee'ed from them, and that they were new only quarrelling with ua
fci eetz'ving them something quite unreasonable, and which they had
eweeeseeppeere demanded, and that this wee the consequence of yielding to
itheir dev.weds. But, my Lords, I occupied a portion of your Lord_ 1
scamp's time tset night in showing that we had not given them all they
anted—that we had not given them any part even which was of
anal value—an Eleetice Legislative Council. And that what we had given, ,
sower over the purse, they had no sooner made use of than it was takea
tom them. To say, therefeee, My Lords, that they had received every-
thing, and were satisfied n its nothing, when in fact they had received
tnothing but refusals and r cantetions, and that, therefore, this sesswed
Ilia evil ceatequeecee of giving way to uereaeonable peeple.—this,
many Lords, is one of the most extraordinary deductions from such pro.
-Anises I ever heard. It reminds me, my Lords, of the miner in the play,
wl.a raid " thank God I never gave anything away in charity, eecept
ca. bad shilling to a blind beeeer for holding my horse."—(Lousl
.I.laug'stee.) My Lards, with reo,ard to the Mission of my Neble Friend
earl of Durham), as he stated that his powers were to be very even-
_gm I conclude they will inelude the power of granting as elective
;,sits native Council, if they do not, I warn toy Noble Fe .e:; and 1
wt ern ,hose who send his,,, they had much better not send any mid to
„i , rand to receive instruclions, when the very first thing lie have

to report wil: be, that the Canadians will be satisfieLl with I:cithinz short
of an Elective Legislative Council.
Lord MELBOURNE said that the plea of personal indisposition
sufficiently accounted to the House for the absence of his Noble and
Learned Friend, but he apprehended that it was rather unusual
for a Noble Lord, after making a speech in which he had animad-
verted on the measures of Government, to withdraw without waiting
to hear the reply.—(Hear, hear.) He thought, with great respect to
his Noble and Learned Friend, that he ought to have confined himself
to the excuse of personal indisposition, which was amply sufficient
without alluding to other matters, as accounting for his absence, which
did not appear to bin (Lord Melbourne, to possess the same force. His
Noble Friend ought to have known that it was due to the House,
and to the Government, upon whom he had so severely animadverted,
to remain and hear what was to be urged in their defence. The incon-
venience was sufficiently evident from the course pursued by his Nobl•
and Learned Friend. He had on the present occasion renewed the
whole debate of last night, and entered afresh into the arguments
which were then urged.—(Hear, hear, bear.) He lied not
only done this, but he had been led into a misrepresentation of what had
occurred during his absence. He (Lord M.) certainly did say that the
not sending troops to Canada was the most pressing; and not th•
pleasantest part of the argument; but he distintly stated that it was
perfectly defensible, and that the Government had just grounds for the
course they had pursued in that respect. His Noble and Learned
Friend had mentioned that no argument had more validity—that un-
doubtedly was for others to judge of, but he begged to say there was a
complete defence for the conduct of Government.
LIBRARY COMMITTEE.
On the motion of the Duke of RICHMOND, the Library Committee
was appointed.
DUCHESS OF KENT'S ANNUITY BILL.
The Order of the Day for going into Committee on the Duchess of
Kent's Annuity Bill was then read. The Bill went through a Commit-
tee and was reported without amendment.
Lord BROUGHAM said he did not intend to offer any further oppo-
sition to the Bill, and would merely take the opportunity of entering his
protest against the measure on their Lordships' journals.
The Bill then passed through Committee, and their Lordships ad-
journed.

PARLIAMENTARY DI VISION S.

LO T 3 ER CANADA GOVERNMENT.

(From the Votes and Proceedings of the House of Commons.)
- -

WEDNESDAY, JAN. 17.
Motion made and Question put,—" That leave be given to bring
in a Bill to make temporary provision for the Government of Lower
Canada :"—The House divided :

Palmer, It
Palmerston, Viscoun'
i'arker, J.
Parrott, J.
Pattison, J.
Pechell, Captain
Peel, Sir R
Perceval, Captain
Ponsonby, lion. J.
Rice, Edward
Nice, 'l'. S.
Birth, H.
Rh shards, Richard
Rolfe, Sir R. I.
Nose, Sir Ger,rge
Round, C. G.
Rushbrooke. Colonel
Russel!, Lord John
Salwey, Col ,nel
Sanderson, R.
ScarLitt, Major J. V.
Seymou , Lord
Sheppard, T.
Shirley, E. J.
Sinclair, Sir G.
S'aney, R
Smith, J. A.
Smith, Hon. R. J.
Smith, Vernon
Somerset, Lord G.
ornerville, Sir W.
Standisli, Chariso
Stanley, Lord
S an! q, W. O.
Strangwlys, J. G.
Stuart, IL
Stuart, Lord James
Strut, H. C.
t-ir T. C.
S.,;rrey, Eurl of
Talfd,rd, T. N.
Tancretl, kl. w.
Th,'im,,on, C. P.
'l'hornekty, Tivtinas
TerxMey,
Tracy, IL
Trouliriklge, Sr T.
-1 ufncll, H
Vere, Sir C. P.
Vivian, Sir R. R.
Walker, R.
\\'es coo., IL V.
Westenra, .1. C.
'White, Andrew
Wilde, 'l'.
Wilshe-e, W.
Winiiing,ton, H.
WLIY.I, C.
Wood, Captain
Worsley, I.nrd
Wynn, C. W.
l'ate,, J. A.
Young, G. E.
'Vann:, John
TELL Ens.
Stanley, E. J.
Steuart, IL

MAJORITY—AYES, 193.
Acland, Sir Thomas i Fleming, Admirai
Arland, T. D. Forbes, W.
Adam, S.r Charles Forester, lion. G.
Agliontiy, H. A. Fort, John
Aglionby, Major l'rearintle, Sir T.
Ainsworth, Peter French, F.
Anson, Hon. Colonel Gladstone, W. E.
Ashley, Lei d Godson, R.
Attwood, Wolverly Gordon, R.
At t wood. NI. Gordon, lion. W.
Millie, Colonel H. Goillburn 11.
B irnard, E. G. Granby, Slarquis
Barrington. V .ict,unt Grey Sir G.
Bentinrk, Lord (1. Grimiton, Viscount
Berkeley, F. H. Grinistene, E. 11.
Bernal, ti. Hale, R. BLig-lon •
Blackstone, W. S. Halford, H.
Blair, J. Harland, W. C.
Iliac, W. J. Ilasti7, A.
Do .ling, W. Hawes, B.
B.athwick, P. II .wke I'.
Bo u,. es, .1. Hawkins, J. H.
Broadloy, H. liar, Sir A. I.
Brodie, W. B. f Hayter, G. W.
Broenrige. J S. HeAlicote, G. J.
Binges, W. 11. .. flobbruse, Sir J. C
Buller, C. flobliouse, I'. B.
Bullrr, E. Hodges, T. 1..
Bur,i,tr. Sir F. Hodgson. F.
Purr, hiigford I Hodgson, R.
Pustield, W. I. !loge, J. W.
Byog, G. S. Holiond, liabert
I aiming, Sir S I Holmes, \V
Ca: Lac, Sir J. It Holy, G. W.
Cavonilish, Hon. C. Horsman, Edward
el ilders, J. W Howard, F. J.
Clay, W. Howard, P. H.
Collins, ',V. I elow.ird, W.
Conte, Sir C' I towirk. Lori
(7,,rry. II _ht Don. 11 Hurst, 11.. 11.
Cov:per, W I'. ligestri e, I.ord
aiii, W. “ilas.,ll Inet s, Sir 11. 11.
Cri,swel, C. James, W.
, rip 3.3, J. Jr, - yli, I. ,rd
I.,ailneny. 1,, -r,l Klima ril, FLti. A. F
I L,r7 y, (:co-se Kingi.t, li. ti
Denni,toun, .1. I..abou..here, 11.
e HOrSPy, S. If. . 1 ambton. H.
l -i'lsr ell, Beta ..iti Lefer ro, C. S.
D'atin. A K. Lennox, 1,-,re, A.
1)•r-Title, W. S. Li-ter, Fl C.
Duke, :--ir J: mss Lockhart, N M.
Dun:. mbe , W. Logan. 11.
Duncombe, A. Loslaington• C.
Dandas, F. Lynch, A. 11
Ea.% J. Boller Mari - cur.., Thomas
r.tsthor, John M•Le- id, R
Eliot, Imo! 7tracitainam, NW.
Eliot, Hon J. E. Mattle, W. H.
Ellice, Can'ai I i I‘ll%iroay. 1' St. J.
Ellie .. II . Hon. F. 1 Miltco, La -a
Elitee E. t 111 rdattnt, sir .1,
El-i,. 'J. 1 yorpeth, Viscount
I inch, Francis I Musket,. G. A.
Fitz-!an, ..ord 07Ferrall, ',lore
F:tzroy, Lord (7. I Ossulston, Lora
Flei.,twood, ii. I P. kingt•,r, J. S.

MINOIIII'Y-NOES,
111,1 kin, J hn James C.
F'.rowne, It. D Lc.ae.•r, J. T
Cutter, Hon. P. Vigo's, N.
Gotittarl, AvarGse

Tri.T.F. us.
/Tom -, Joseph
‘Vakloy, , Toomas

LOWER CANADA.
Motion made, and Questi•:tn put,—.' That an humble Address be
presented to her Majesty, that She Will be graciously pleased to give
direetlons that there be laid b-fore this House, Copies of any De-
spatches received from Lower Canada, explaining the ennduet anti
proceeding; of the Speaker of the House of Assembly of that. Pro-
vince, awl of the twenty-seven other persons named in the Report
of the Attorney and Solicitor-General, dated ISth November,
1837, upon account of which the said persons were directed to be
arrested, and the date of the proceedingg upon account of which
their arrest was ordered, and the date when ordered to be arrested
—The House divi'led

Ag A.
Agliouby,
Botik,n, John James
I.l,therton, J.
Buller, C.
Wilanm

-ORITY—AYES, 13.
Finch, Francis
Hawes, B
Lea(l.2r, J. I%
Ester, E C.
Vigors, N. A.

I,Vakle.y. Themas
Wa:turt*n, H.

TELLFI23.
Flume, Joieph
Grote, U.

Acland, Sir T. D.
Acirid, T.:?.
4(1.-00, A:tint:al Sir C.
Ainsworth, Pe or
.blev, Lord

.JOIZITY-NOES,
G.adstone, W.
Gordon, itsbert
Cordon, Hon NV.
Grlnaston, Lord
Griroston, lion. E.
Hate, Robert B.
Hthhouse, Sir J. C.
Hobhouse, T. B.
Hodgson, Richard
Hope, G. W.
Howard, P. H.
Ingl:s, Sir L. H.
.1..! es, NV.
I.bouchere, H
Logan, Hatt
Lushington, Charles
Mamie, W. H.
Mildly ay, P. S'. John'
Morpeth, Viscount
O'rerrall, More
Palinerstone, Visct.

Peel, Sir IL
Rice, 'l'. S.
Mohanls, R.
Rose, Sir G.
Rushbrooke, Colonel
Rutisel!, Lola John
Smith, R. 'Vernon
Somerville, Sir W.
St.iiiley, E. J.
Stanley, Lord
Steuart, IL
Stuart, H.
Thomson, C. P.
\Vood, Thomas
Wo,sley, Lord
sA ynn, C. W.
Young G F.
Young, John

Att% 06fi,
Attwood, M.

- -
Barington, Lord
liorthwick, Peter
J S.
Bruges, %V. H. L.
Canning, Sir S.
Cavendish. Hon. C.
( Hiders, J. W.
Cl4y, W.
Darbv, Gc,7rge
De Horsey, S. H.
Eliot, Lord
Ellis, John

Forges, W.
Forester. Han. C.
F'remant:a, Sir 'l'.

TELLERS
Croy, Sir G.
Wood, C.

GOVERNMENT of LOWER CANADA

A BILL TO MAKE TEMPORARY PROVISION
FOR THE GOVERNMENT OF LOWER CANADA.
Ordered by the Ilousc.. of Cummons to ha Printed.
[The words printed in Italics are proposed to be inserted in
the Committee.)
Whereas in the present state of the Province of Lower Canada, the
House of Assembly of the said province, constituted tinder the Act
isiessed in the elst year of his Majesty King George the 111., intituled" An
Act to repeal certain parts of an Act passed in the fourteenth year of his
Majesty': reign, intituled, An Act for making more effectual provision
for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America, and'
to make further provision fcr the government of the said province,"
could not be called together fdr the purposes in the said Act mentioned
without serious detriment to the interests of the said province; And
whereas it is nevertheless expedient that the said province should be per.
=fleetly governed on constitutional principles adapted to prornote theist.
terests cf all classes of her Majesty's subjects in the said province : And
whereas, in order to the preparation of such measures as it may be de-
sirable to propose to Parliament for improving the Constitution of the pro-
inces of Lower Canada and tipper Canada, or either of them, and for
regulating divers questions in which the said province; are jointly inte_
rested, her Majesty bath been pleased to authorize the Gorernor-General
of her Majesty's provinces in North America to summon a meeting, to be
holden within the said provinces of Lower Canada and Upper Canada,
consisting of the said Governor-General and of certain persons to be
by her Majesty or on her Majesty's behalf for that purpose appointed,
and also consisting of certain other persona representing the in.
terests and opinions of her Majesty's subjects inhabiting the said
provinces ; and whereas it is in the mean time necessary that tern.
porary provision should be made for the Government of the said
province of Lower Canada; be it therefore enacted, by the
Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and
consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in
this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,
that until the First day of Novemher One Thousand Eight Hundred
and Forty, so much and such parts of the last-recited Act and of any
other Act or Acts of Parliament as constitute a Legislature for the
province of Lower Canada, or as relate to the powers or functions of the
bodies composing that Legislature, or either of those bodies, shall cease
to be in force.
And be it enacted, that it shall be lawful for her Majesty, by any Com-
mission or Commissions to be from time to time issued tinder the Great
Seal of the United Kingdom, or by any instructions under her Majesty's
signet and sign manual accompanying any such Commission, to appoint
or to authorise the Governor of the said province of Lower Canada to
appoint from time to time such a number of Legislative Councillors for
the said province of Lower Canada as to her Majesty shall seem meet,
and to snake such provision as to her Majesty shall seem meet for the
removal, suspension, or resignation of any such Legis'ative Councillors.
And be it enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Governor of the
said province, with the advice and consent of the said Legislative Coun.
ei Hors, or of the major part of them, to make ordinances for the peace,
welfare, and good government of the said province of Lower Canada,
which Ordinances shall have the force and effect of law therein ; pro-
vided that no such ordinance shall be made to continue in force beyond
the First day of November, One Thousand Eight Hundred and Forty_
Two.
Provided always, and be it enacted, that it shall not be competent to
the said Legislative Councillors to act in that capacity, except at a meet.
ing to be for that purpose convened by the Governor of the said pro-
vince, at which the said Governos and Fire such Councillors at the least
shall bs acotally present: Provided always, Vat no such ordi-
nesse.. as aforesaid shalt be made, unless the same shell have been
' first proposed by the said Governor for the adoptlon of the said Legis.
lative Councilors ; and provided that it shall not be lawful, by any
such law or ordinance as aforesaid, to alter in any respect the law
heretofore existing in the said province respecting the constitution or
composition of the Legislative Assembly thereof, or respecting the
right of any person to vote at the election of any member of the said
Assembly, or respecting the qualifications of such Voters, or respecting
the division of the said province into counties, cities and towns for the
purpose of such Elections : Provided also, th A it shall not be lawful by
airy such Tow or Ordinance as aforesaid, to impose aey tax, duty, etc
r r impost, save only in so far as soy local rates or assessments which a!
the date of the present Act are payable wlthin the said province may
by any such Law or Ordinance be continues is force.
thesiAd
,v 1) lia,t,,,cedrn
consentar
isa.t
od tot hiaaifectrri
yrs:..?:, lit.
dtsl said p:cererosivraoi
nir
fore-
said, irate:
-11
M: jesty'a
ecitirin the
• monies winch now are or which shalt here attcr bo in the hands of the lt e.
celvsr-General there of, whether arising fro n_ the proceeds efany duties or
taxes, or from any other of lier Majesty's seventies accruing within
the said province ; and a'.so to appropriate sufficient part of such mo.
n:es towards the repayment of any sum o:ziims of money which shall

have been issued out of the sum of one h•mdred and forty-two
thousand one hundred and sixty pounds, fourteen shillings, and
sixpence, granted to her Majesty by an Act passed in the last
Session of Parliament, for advances on account of charges for the
Administration of Justice, and of the Civil Government of the
province of Lower Canada, upon a certificate from the Commis-
sioners of her Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, set-
ting forth the several sums which had been so advanced for any of the
purposes aforesaid • provided always, that no appropriation to be made
of the monies aforesaid, in respect of the puhlic service for any one
year shall exceed the total amount of the sums appropriated by law
within the said province for the public services thereof in the year One
Thousand Eight Hundred and Thirty-two.
And be it enacted, that all the provisions contained in the said recited
Act of the thirty-first year of the reign of his said Majesty King George
the Third, in reference to the enactment and to the confirmation or
disallowance by his said Majesty, or for reserving for the signification of
his s Majesty's pleasure of laws enacted by the Legislature by the said
Act constituted, shalt apply to, and be in force respecting all laws and
ordinances to be made in pursuance of this pre,ent Act, in so far as the
same can be so applied.
♦nd be it enacted, that at any time before the arrival of the period so
limited as aforesaid, for the euspension of such Legislative powers as afore.
said, it shall be lawful for her Majesty, by any order to be made with
the advice of her Majesty's Privy Council, to declare that from a time
to be by such order for that purpose appointed, all the preceding enact-
ments shall cease to be in force, and the same shall cease to be in force
from that time accordingly.
And be it enacted, that for the purposes of this Act, any person
authorised to execute the CoMmission of Governor of the Province of
Lower Canada, shall be taken to be the Governor thereof.

FROM LAST NIGHT'S GAZETT

WHITEHALL, DEC. 7, 1837.
The Queen has been pleased to nominate, present, and appoint
Sir David Brewster to be Principal of the United College of St.
Salvador and St. Leonard, in the University of St. Andrew's, in
the room of Dr. John Lee, resigned.

WAR-OFFICE, JAN. 19, 1838.
4th Regiment of Foot—C. W, F. Hunter, M.D., to be Assist-
ant-Surgeon, vice Parry, appointed on the Staff, dated Jan. 19.
fith Foot—Staff-Assistant-Surgeon W. Thompson, 111. D., to be
Surgeon, vice Goodriche, who retiresupon half-pay, Jan. 19.
3Sth Foot—Captain C. Boyd, from the half-pay Unattached, to
be Captain, vice A. Blennerhasset, who exchanges, receiving the
difference, Jan. 19.
49th Foot—Ensign R. A. Seymour to be Lieutenant, by pur-
chase, vice Robinson, who retires; R. Blackall, Gent., to be
by purchase, vice Seymour, Jan. 19.
En-
sign,
Foot—Lieut. W. C. Harris to be Captain, by purchase,
vice Bayly, who retires ' • Ensign W. Cross to be Lieutenant, by
purchase. vice Harris; W. B. Browne, Gent., to be Ensign, by
purchase, vice Cross, Jan. 19.
69th Foot—C. A. J. G. Annesley, Gent., to be Ensign, by
purchase, vice Wynyard, appointed to the Grenadier Regiment of

Foot Guards, Jan. 19.
75th Foot—Ensign G. W. Conyngham Stuart to be Lieutenant,
by purchase, vice Brabazon, who retires; Gentleman Cadet St.
John T. Gore, from the Royal Military College, to be Ensign, by
purchase, vice Stuart, Jan. 19.
97th Foot—Lieut. A. F. Welsford, to be Captain, by purchase,
rice Keating, who retires; Ensign W. Boyd to be Lieutenant, by
purchase, •ice Welsford ; F. W. Lane, Gent., to be Ensign, by
purchase, vice Boyd, Jan. 19.
9Sth Foot—Quartermaster-Sergeant J. Fagan to be Quarter
master, ♦ice L. Castray, who retires upon half-pay, Jan. 19.

BREVET.
The under-mentioned Cadets, of the Honourable the East India
Co:npany's Service, to have the temporary rank of Ensign during
the period of their being placed under the command of Colonel
Palley, of the Royal Engineers, at Chatham, for field instructions
in the art of Sapping and Mining :—Gentlemen Cadet J. R.
Becher ; Gentleman Cadet J. S. Alexamter, Jan. 19
HOSPITAL STAFF.

Assistant-Surgeon W. Parry, from the 4th Regiment of Foot,
to be Assistant-Surgeon to the Forces, vice Thompson, promoted
in the 6th Regiment of Foot, Jan. 19.

WHITEHALL, JAN. L 2.

The Lord Chancellor has appointed Charles Seulamore,
.Maidstone, in the county of Kent, Gent., ti be a Master Extraur.
d:nary in the ILgh Court of Chancery.

B.ktiKRUP"IeY SUPERSEDED.

THOMAS SiMCOCK and JAMES SLATER, tailors, Litt,•
Pyjer-street, St. James.
BANKRUPTS.

JOHN HAY FEfl, victualler, Hampstead-hcath, to surrender
Jan. 29, at half-past eleven, and March 2, at twelve, zt the Court
of Bankruptcy. Graham, Basingliall-strzet, official assignee ;
Werkes, Tokenhouse-card.
JOSEPH 41 ORIT 2 BLOOM, dealer in fancy goods, Brighton,
Jan. 23 and March 2, at twelve, at the Court of Bankruptcy.
Abbott, official assignee ; Taylor and Collis ~on, Great Ja.m es-street,
Bedford-row ; Isaacs, Jefries-square, St. Mary Axe.
EMIG E DICKINSON, paper-matmfacturer, Dover. Jan. 30,
at three, and March 2, at twelve, at the Bell Inn, Sandwich.
Kennet, Dover ; Hawkins, Bloaam, and Stocker, New Unswell-

court, Carey-street, Lincoln's Inn. London.
RTHOLOMEW HASKELL, conch and cart wheelwright,
Watford, Hertfordshire, Feb. 2, at twelve, and March 2, at eleven,
at the Court of Bankruptcy. Whitmore, Basingball-street, official
assignee ; Wingfielrl, Great Marlborough-street.
THOMAS LINSELL and WILLIAM LINSELL, tailnri,
Piccadilly, Feb. 2, at twelve, and March 2, at eleven, at the Court
of Bankruptcy. Groom, Abehurch-lane, official assignee; Wil-
liams, Alfred-place, Bedford-square.
RQI3ERT STONE, surgeon, Oxford, Jan 24 and March 2,
r..t ten, at the Roebuck Inn, Oxford. Roberson, Pembroke-street,
Oxford ; Miller, Ely-place, Holborn.
HENRY KENDALL, EDMUND KENDALL, JOHN
KENDALL, and JOSF.PH KENDALL, rerforners
Fib. 6 and March 2, at eleven, at Dee's Royal Hotel, Birmincham.
Milne, Parry, Arline, and Morris, Temple, London ; Besvciek and
Son, Birmingham.
A AEON LEES, cotton-spinner, Lancaster, Feb. 3 and March 2,
at tiro, at the Commissioners'-roams, St. James's-square, Man-
chester. Johnson, Son, and Weatheral!. Kin's Bench-walk,
Temple, London ; Kershaw, King-street, Manchester.
JOHN HUXHA3I, ale and porter-merchant, Upper Thames-
street, Feb. 2, at one, and March 2, at twelve, at the Court of
Bankruptcy, Ilasilight;ll- street. Alsager, Birchin-lane, Cornhill,
official assignee ; Rowland and Young,WbiteLioa-ceurt, Cornhill.

PRICES OF CANALS, DOCK STOCKS

ASSURANCE COMPANIES,&c.

LONDON, FRIDAY, JAN, 19.
Number Dividend Price
of per CANALS. per
-Aires. Annum. Paid. 3hare
1,760 7 pet cent. Ashton and Oldham....Average I • sh• 135
9-7 l2B
1.182 41. Ashify.de-le.Zouch .. ..... -Average 1131. oh. 65
1,260 Basingstoke 100!. sh. 5
1,005 5/. Breckneck ant Abergavenny lsoi. oh. 106
3,000 I-16sh. 31. 6s. Birmingham, I.loth share ... ...... Sti. & 711. 290
4,000 Ditto arid Liverpool Junct...l2s/. ,h. 100 pd 26
600 31. Bridgewater and Taunton ....100/• sh. all pd 64
400 4/. Chelmer and }Backwater 1001. oh. 102
500 481. Coventry :00/. oh. 700
4,545 Croydon
2,0601 4/. Os. Dudley
--600 71. Derby lON. ph. I°3
11,000 Danune and Mayne 4l/. 13s. 4d pd 33%
3,575! 3/. Ellesmere and Chester...... Average 153/. sh. 77
231 40/. Erewash 1001• on. '7OO
1,297 2."1. Forth and Clyde Average 1.00/.160. th. 610
11,900 121. Grand Junction 10tl/ sh. 220
2,549; 1/. Grand Union 1001.3 h. 25
1.500 Grand Surrey
10,000/. 41. percent. Ditto (optional) Loan
3,096 Grand Western
600 13/.125. Si. Glainorganzhire, Average cost 1721.4c1.
'749 10i. Grantham 150/. oh.
1,235 21. Os. Huddersfield Average 571. So.6d. sh.
100 Kensington 100 sh. all pd.
25,323 11. 51. Kennet and Avon, Average 39/. 18s. 10d. sh
2,111,71 24/. Leeds and Liverpool 1001. sh.
545, 131. Leicester l4Ol. sh.
1,897 41. 101. Leicester snit Northampton... Ayer V3l. ilia.
2,400 10/. Monmouthshire 100/ .sh.
150 101. Melton Mowbray 1001. 50 .
500 251. Mersey and Irwell lOOl. sh.
h. all pd.
3.000 11.10 s. Macclesfield 1001. s
21,7 171. Neath 1001.1 h.
1,78 d 301. Oxford 100/. sh.
2,100 51. Peak Forest A rei ~ge about 781. oh.
1,418 12a. Regent's (or London) Aver. 33/. 16s. PA. sh.
5,639 61. per cent. Rochdale Average 851. sh.
500 81. Shropshire f 251. ph.
SOO 91. 10s. Somerset Coal 150/. sh.
3,600/. 4i per cent. Ditto Lock Fund Stock l2/. 10s. ph.
700 40/. Stafford and Worcester l4O/. oh.
500 SI. Shrewsbury 125/. sh.
300 9/. Stourbridge
3,647 21. i.s. Stratford-on-Av-in ...Average 791. 9s. 1-id. oh.
533 12/. Swansea 100/. sh.
3,762 11. Iss. Severn and Wye and Railway ...Ar 351. ph.
1,6001 en. 321. 19s. Trent and Mersey, . share 1001. oh.
3,119 Thames ..nd Medway...Aver. 19/. ss. 641. eh.
1,0008 h./ I.a/ Warwick add Birmingham 1001. sh
1,000011.1 •
930 11/. Warwick and Napt lOO/. eh.
6,000 4/.os. Worcests.r and Birmingham... Av.76/.Bs. sh.
5,000 255. Wilts an, Berko .. Average 671. 10s. Bd. sh.
300 31. Wyrley and Essington 1251. oh
.iso Wisbeach
905 Is. Wey and Arun llOl. oh.

'U
138
151}
11*
710
280
330
