(TO BE CONTINUED.)

TRANSPORTATION OF FEMALE CON VICT4.
—lt is intended to send a great number of female convicts
to Van Diemen's Land, where there is a great dearth of
'he fair sex. Several large ships have been taken up for
this purpose, and to-morrow or Sunday next the Frances
Charlotte East Indianian, Captain A. SMITH, comman-
der, now lying off the Royal Arsenal at Woolwich, will
leave the river Thames for Hobart-town, with 100 female
convicts on board, and 80 convict children, principally
girls, who have been found guilty of various offences
against the laws. Exclusive of these, there are 50 free
young English women, who are going out in the same ship
to seek husbands in Van Diemen's Land, but who will
have no communication with the convicts, and be kept
:eparate from them, as far as is practicable. Several
have the expense of their passage paid by various parishes
to which they are chargeable, and who are adopting this
plan to relieve themselves of the burden of supporting
them. A surgeon and two experienced matrons will
ecompany the passengers. Three other vessels will
shortly follow the Frar ces Charlotte with similar freights,

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FROM RHENISH BAVARIA, AUG. 14.

The late extraordinary resolutions of the Diet have
produced the most painful feelings amongst the people.
Numerous addresses and petitions have been circula•ed,
exhibiting the determination of the inhabitants not to sub-
mit to the yoke which the absolute Powers seek to impose
on them. Among them the following is the most re-
markable, not only for the spirit in which it is written,
but also for the eagerness with which it is signed, as con-
veying exactly the sentiments of the public. Copies of
it have been printed, and are now scattered through all
Germany. I send you one, and a'so the following trans-
lation :

REPRESENTATION OF RHENISH BAVARIAN CITIZENS,

WHO LOVE THEIR FATHERLAND,-OR MUCH RATHER,

AN EXPLANATION OF, AND PRESERVATIVE CAUTION

AGAINST, THE RESOLUTIONS OF THE DIET OF THE
`2BTH OF JUNE, 1932.

"TO HIS MAJESTY THE ICING OF BAVARIA.
" During several weeks there reiened in the hearts of
nhnost all the inhabitants of Rhenish Bavaria an obscure
expectation of dismrl events, produced through threats
and from the stretches of power, aiming at measures
which the Ministry of your Majesty has been pleased to
ordain against the Rhenish circle.
" Then broke forth, like the lightning from dark thun-
der lintels, the resolution of the D!et of the 28th of June
(this year) over our fatherland, and disclosed to us ab-
ruptly the depth of the chasm on whose brink we stand—
civil war. Such is the tenour of the declaration of tire
Diet—death to the constitutional system in Germany and
over all Europe,—oppression to all its adherents,—extir-
pation to all the fair blossoms on which our fatherland,
with hopeful eye, casts, from his bed of political infirmity,
his eager looks,—destruction of every free movement of
the human m'nd. These are the inscriptions on the ban-
ners of the party that now begins to wield its iron sceptre
over Germany.
" 'Whit man of true feeling that has not his heart
roofed when he hears of the tyrannical oppression by a fo-
reigner—of the cruel grinding down of all that is noble
nd great once possessed by a nation ; and how much the
less could the Rhenish Bavarian breast, faithful to th,
laws, and loving freedom, remain unmoved at the terrible
—the monstrous—the almost inconceivable news, The
Diet hits annihilated the German Constitution ?'
" Yet still was hope not wholly extinguished in our

hearts. We looked to the throne of our Prince, and we
awaited from him—who was once celebrated throughout
Europe as the poet of Greece—who, in the view of his
people, without solicitation, made the declaration—' I
would prefer not to be an uncontrelled ruler'—from him
we awaited, that he would without hesitatiOn reject from
him the reproachful, unreasonable demand of the Di, t.—
But such has not occurred.
" Therefore ere the citzens of Rhenish Bavaria resolved

not to neglect their duty, and to speak out aloud and
openly, in order that the chasm already produced by the

ordinances of the Diet between Kings and peop'e may be
repaired, before it becomes altogether irreparable. We,
therefore, in the name of your Majesty's severely-injured
nation, charge as guilty, that Bavarian Ambassador, who
gave his vote as a sanction to the mischievous ordinances

or the Diet, and the Bavarian Ministry that intrusted to
b:m such commission, of high treason against the Bavarian
people and the Bavarian constitution; and we desire from
your Majesty, that the estates shall without delay be con-
voked, and that the accused be immediately brought to
trial.

" Hence tl.e reason why we Rhenish Bavarians ap-
proach directly to your Majesty—a loyal nation to its
sworn King. We ask for our good rights that have al-
ready been attacked in order to he taken from us. Should
we, however, not compass our purpose, we shall at least,
More our own and every other country, before the pre-
sent and succeeding generations, have saved our honour,
and expelled from us the name of heartless cowards and of
succumbent slaves.

" It is, perhaps, the last time that the voice of the peo-
ple, which was once also called the voice of God, shall
dare to raise itself to be heard in the ears t,f your Majesty;
therefore we will, aloud and without reserve, speak—for
we speak the words of truth, of which it is said, truth is
fri m God, the King of kings.
" One could, perhaps, if one took solely the matter of
the six articles of the resolutions of the Diet in a general
and indefinite sense into consideration, give a reply to the
question, What is there in them, in reality, that threa-
tens danger?' But when the deeply-concealed sense of
these articles, together with their introduction, is brou ht
into one light, the unbiassed reader will clearly see three
chief points arise to his view.
" I. In the once independent, powerful German em-
pire, where the old fundamental laws have ruled the
Stares, do now the Cabinets of Austria and Prussia, in
conjunction with Russia in the background, exercise a
dictatorship. Those managers of absolutism wish now
to oppress the hitherto free German nation, and to rule it
according to their own fancy and pleasure.
"2. The sovereignty of the less powerful German
Princes, and even also of Bavaria, is Inst for ever. The
hithesto sovereign, constitutional King of Bavaria, is be-
come the vassal and bondsman of the threeabsolute Powers.

" 3. The Corr titution of Bavaria, sworn to in the pre-
s.nce of God and the people, is annihilated. For if the
resolutions of the Diet leave us the Land Estates, as so
called, it takes away from them the right of free speech,
and of free resolution ; they must become councillors who
will not be listened to,—legislators who will he ridiculed
by all. Finally, we are deprived of the only sure gua-
rantee of a constitutional establishment—the freedom of
the press. The press under an Austro-Prusso-Russian
inspection is no longer a free press.
" With unheard-of mockery are the constitutional states
of Germany treated ; for, at the moment when with the
sword of absolutism the charters are crushed, is it with
sudacity attempted to be maintained—you have yet consti-
tutions; and at the moment when the freedom of speech
and of writing is branded with the mark of high treason,
and the noblest writers of the nation are thrown into dun-
geons, a new law on the press is forsooth promised : but
we will be silent, our hearts are filled with grief too bitter,
when we are forced from these assurance to perceive,
that the German nation is not regarded as capable of see-
ing and feeling these palpable acts of scorn.
" Yet but some questions will we now propose, the re-
ply to which (if the present period refuse to answer) we
will leave to futurity, and in the hands of the eternal
Judge of all created beings.
" Who has given Austria and Prussia the right of usurp-
ing the dictatorship over all Germany ? Who has ap-
pointed these states to be interpreters, or rather mutila-
tors, of constitution., that are neither Austrian nor
Prussian ? In what harmony is the language now holden
forth by these Cabinets with their sworn duty not to in-
terfere in the internal affairs of the other German states ?

" In a country where in ancient time an imperial con-
stitution settled the rights of free men, is the influence o,
foreign Powers to mark out the hounds within which free
citiz ns are allowed to move? Oh I Germany, how
deeply art thou now despised, and yet none of thy Prince,
feels thy disgrace ! Thou, formerly the legislatrix of
Europe, must now, with eyes overflowing with tears, look
on, while the garment of slavery is thrown over thy
shoulder., and thy limbs are hound with fetters ! King
Louis, Rhenish Bavaria calls on thee to come forward!
March boldly against the usurpations of the absolute
Powers. The people of Bavaria will not forsake thee.
They are ready with thee to conquer or to die,—for their
honour—for their constitution.

" But what must we think if Bavaria's ?ping break
the finest jewel in his Crown—if he tear the love of the
people towards their ruler out of the people's hearts,
in order to cast them at the feet of foreigners having
brute force—in order to allow the most sacred feel-
ings to be insulted and trampled under foot ?
King ! not for all the wealth of the world oughtest thou
to permit this treasure to be plundered. Despise, then,
the deceitful bribe which those Powers offer thee for
it. What bas with us to do Austria,—that old
musty, worm-eaten, hollow trunk ? It will be dashed to
the ground by the worms of time, and in the storm will
crush all those who seek protection under its boughs.
What advantages can absolute Prussia offer to constitu-
tional Bavaria?—chat treacherous cane which pierces
through the hand that thinks by leaning on it to find sup•
port. How can Prussia protect the rights of Bavaria ?
that red-hot Moloch to which, with heathenish madness, a
father must offer his only child. What protection would
be to us that deformed iron Colossus with feet of clay? 0
King ! thy people adjures thee aloud, close not the un-
happy alliance with those absolute Powers,—drive the
tempter back,—trifle not with the affection of the Bava.
rians ;_quit not thy people in the hour of trial and of
danger, that thou mayest not, when too late, have to
repent of having thrust them from thee,—that when,
hereafter, when thou shalt become disgusted with be-
i!:,; the vassal slave of the foreigners, thy people
rii sy not turn away from thee when thou shalt crave its
aid, and may not say, ' Seek help from them in whom
thou bast more confided than in thy Bavarian people.'
" 0 King, who knowest the sanctity of thy oath, bast
thou sworn to fulfil the commands of Austria and of
ussia, or do the words of thy royal oath not state, I
s•aear to maintain the Constitution of Bavaria ?'

" We have spolfeu the words of truth before thy 311-
