FULL PARTICULARS.

On Saturday last it was announced by band-
bills, circulated in the name of the Middlesex and
Surrey Committees, that a Public Meeting was to
be held this day in Smithfield, for the purpose of
expressing the Opinion of the British Empire on the
recent proceedings at Manchester. Yesterday,
however, it was rumoured, that the projected
Meeting was to be postponed sine die, in conse-
(peace of the venet able Patriarch of Reformers,
Major Cartwright, having signified his disappros
bat ion of it. This report was at first believed' by
the greater part of .the public, bat as no official
notice :of adjournment was issued by the Authori-
ties that originally summoned the Meeting, it be-
came a smatter of drat whether it was to take phce
or not, nor was that doubt removed till 2 o'clock
yesterday. In the meantime the necessary reedit-
tionsavere taken bp he Civil Authorities tor the pre-
servo t ion of 11;e public peace. The Lord Mayor,
assisted by some of the Aldermen, the Chief
Clerk, Mr. nobler, the City Marshals, &c, was
eagaged during the whole ofahe morning in mak-
ing the propel arrangements. The police were
disposed in the sante order as on the occasion of
the last Meeting in Smithfield. Each of the Mar.
sbalmen was placed at the bead of 150 men, and
had a station assigned to him in au ion-yard, in
Smithfield. Five hundred additional special con-
stables, a great proportion of whom consist-
ed of firemen, had been sworn in for the oc-
casion ;• and it was said, that the Directors
of the Fire Companies had stripped the coats
'and badges from such of their men as had
refused to attend at the last Smithfield Meet-
ing. The East India Company had also supplied
500 additional men. The principal rendezvous of
the civil power was the church of St. Bartholo-
mew the Great, where they began to muster be-
fore twelve o'clock. A considerable military force
likewise was in readiness, in case any emergency
had called for their `interference; By a Royal
Order, the Hon. Artillery Company attended at
the Armoury-house', Banhill-row, at three o'clock,
in service order. The Guards too, that had been
ordered for Brighton yesterday, 'were counter-
manded, and are to remain in the metropolis till
to-morrow or Satatalay. A party of Foot Guards
were yesterday in the East lodic Company's store
in Bishopsgate-street, where arms and military
accoutrements are deposited, previous to their
being shipped to India.
The Sitting Magistrates at the different Police-
offices had received letters of instruction fricnthe
Secretary' of State's Office. The Police Officers,'
as well as Special Constables, were ordered to be
on the alert ; the Magistrates were to remain
sitting at each office during the whole of the day,
and until twelve o'clock at night ; and during the •
night, parties of constables were to sit op iu the
several offices, in case of any disturbance.
It was whkpared among the groups that assem-
bled in various parts of Smithfield, in "the early
part of the day, that the Lord Mayor had resolv-
ed to ,prevent the meeting by pre-occupying the
ground with civil and military forces ; and the
comments made on this rumour were not the
most flattering to his Lordship. As early as 12
o'clock several hundred persons were assembled
io the market, the greater part of whom, we be.
lieve, had no other object than to leant whether
or not the meeting was to take place. Oa this
material point nothing satisfactory could be as-
certained till 2 o'clock, when a person paraded
the market, exhibiting a placard with the follow-
ing inscription :—" The Meeting will take place
at four -O'clock ; preserve order." Atter this the
crowd began to increase 'considerably, but no-
thing of interest occurred till the arrival of the
Chairman, and his respectable compatriots. The
greatest order, indeed, an almost alarming silence;
prevailed till tour o'clock, when, without any
previous " note of preparation," an astounding
yell was simultaneously sent forth by the assem-
bled multitude. The procession was in sight.—
From the end of St. John's-street, a cart or wag-
gon was drawn into the market, preceded by
those patriotic insignia that erewhile graced the
processions of Orator Hunt. The banners were
the same as those exhibited at the last meeting ;
Olty were four in number, the first bearing the
inscription of "England, Scotland, and Ireland."
The 2d, " Universal Suffrage;"- the 3d, " Liberty
or Death ;" and the 4th, '' Peace and goodwill."
The cart was followed by a hackney-coach, which
contained Dr Watson, Mr. Thistiewood, and Mr.
Preston. The procession in this order made the
circuit of the market, and stopped on the south
side, on the" same hallowed spot from which Mr.
Hunt addressed the last meeting. As soon as the
cavalcade halted, the crowd pressed round the cart
on all sides, and it was with considerable difficul-
ty that the valuable load of the hackney-coach
was transferred to the hustings. The number of
persons assembled at this moment we are convinc-
ed did not exceed 5,000, and that number gra-
dually decreased; as the business of the day ad-
vanced.

The Requisition (the hand-bill) calling the
meeting together having, been read by a Mr.
Even, who said he had been appointed acting Se-
cretary to the Committee, in consequence of the
arrest of Mr. Blam!ford, Mr. Phillips pr posed
that Dr, Watson should take the chair in the ab-
sence of that Champion of Reformers, Mr. Hunt.
(Immense applause, and cries of " Hunt for
ever !")

Dr. WATSON commenced his oration by stating
that this meeting, and the Reformers in all parts
of the country, were determined to keep order,
but that, unfortunately, those in power had not
followed their example. These persons had been
guilty of a breach of the peace ; they had slaugh-
tered several of their fellow-countrymen, arid, hor-
rible to relate, even some of the female sex. He
exhorted them to keep order, and to preserve the
peace, and assured them that that was the only way
in which they could preserve the rights of men. If
they had patience, and conducted themselves with
prudence, there was no doubt that reason kv ould
produce at length all that the people could expect.
They were now met to weep in tears of blood ;
but when the season of mourning was over, they
would again deliberate and determine how they
were to preserve their liberties.—(Applause.)—
Sir Charles Wolseley, he said, had been invited to

take the chair, and he now hell in his hand the
answer to that invitation, addressed to Al-r. Bland-
ford, now confined in yon Itri!on—(pointio~ in
Giltspur Compter)—for printing a placard callin'
together the Surrey meeting. This letter he shot.ld
request the Secretary to read. It was as follows
Sta—l have been favoured with your letter of the 20th
inst. written on behalf of the two Committees of Surrey and
Middlesex. In reply, I beg to assure yon, that although I
shall always feel great pleasure i❑ contributing my s,ersices
towards the promotion of public guhel, iii every possible way,
yet under existing circumstances, it becomes indisiensibly
necessary for every individual invited to attend, vat any
private ur public meeting, to be previously informerh of the
precise and definite objects to which the attention of the
assembly is to be directed, as also the meastires.prOjiosed to
be adopted.
" A particular• engagement in which, however, I am now,
and shall be for, sonic time engaged, in furtherance of
the great cause of political liberty, precludes the possibi-
lity of acceding-to your wish, and thereby renders tiny in-
quiry as to the particular objects of the meeting entirely un-
necessary.
" As, however, it is, I presume, for a good political object,
you can find DO difficulty in tneeting with some, Gentleman,
in London, whose local connexions will add weight and flu-
portance to the Meeting.
And I stun, Sir, your obedient Servant, &.c.

di frolseleg Park, 22."

coVoL.,ELEY."

Addressed to E.J. Bla'ntiford, Hackney, London.
The Doctor resunied.—So alive were the people
of England to their rights and liberties, that when
called on they never refused to du their duty..
They bad, on a variety of occasions, been addres.
sed by persons. in the higher (lasses of society.
Where were these pet sons in this momentous cri•

. .
sis Society in this, country consisted of three
ranks,--royalty; the aristocracy. and the demo-
cracy. "I am," (pot h. this humble son of Hip-
pocrates, " I am one itt.:t be lower orders—one of
yourselves ; and nothiitg shall induce me to relin-
quish that order."—(Cries of bravo.)—lt appear' d
that the higher ranks bad forsaken them, and
were taking care of their own interests ; it be-

!toyed them, therefore, (the Reformers) to take
care of heirs.---(We wid).—lt had been said ill
the public papers,..that no Meeting was to take
place here to-day ; but they had long known the
insidious arts of some of the public journals. One
of their friends, indeed, (Wooler) had assisted in
putting forth the same idea ; but he was eouvincetj
that when any one tried to deceive them, their
own good sense would enable them to judge
aright,
The following extract from Wooler's Black
Dwarf of yesterday was then read

" public HleCting anuuunctd on Kennington-common
for Monday last has been properly postponed, is Mr. Hunt
could not attend to preside. This was due tei Mr. Hunt, the
only man, perhaps, who could preside with effect at such a
meeting. But we regret to state, that another meeting has
been convened for this day in Smithfield, at which Dr. Watson
is to preside, in the absence of Sir C. Wolseley, who is said in
have been invited, but who, if be were, would not preside on
the occasion. It is due to Mr. Hunt, that this meeting sheculd
be deferred, until he is enabled to preside, tbit he mav sleusv
his bend-like enemies at Manchestel• that the Cons tamed
authorities of London are not prepared to violate the its
a similar way. This triumph is justly due to the situation in
which Mr. Hunt has been placed ; and Dr. Watson, in justice,
ought to reserve fur him, in answer to the insults offered to
him, the pride and satisfaction of meeting the assembled foul-
titudes vf the Metropolis; while the formally cv-ustituted bo-
dies, at present, do their duty in Condemning the wanton
atrocities committed at Manchester, and endeavouring to
obtain for them legal redress. WeStroitister will take the
lead. Sir F. Burdett has appealed to them in language which
must produce an electric effect upon every unritiated heart.
Major Cartwright fully agrees with us in the necessity of post•
polling this meeting until Mr. Hunt cap-attend, to take the
chair. The following note was written by the Majue, in an-
swer th a request for his opinion on the subject :
" Dr.na Slit —lf it he true that any steps have been taben
towards the holding of another Meeting in •nutiffield on
Wednesday next, as from your note of this afternoon you
seem to understand is intended, I can have no hesitation in
saying, that under the circumstances "which now exist, it were
very desirable that such Meetings should . mit at present be
holden; and I ant strengthened in this opinion from the cutr-
sideration, that, as matters now stand, the enemies of Par-
liamentary Reform have given the friends of that ni6istlie so
great an advantage over them, that it would he ext tecticlyi un-
wise to call the Meeting you tinderitand to be in eantempla,
tiun, lest mischievous persons stniuld edntrive to prOduce a
tumult, or any confusion which could sposiibly be la-id at the
door of the Friends of Reform. Your's &c.
"87, Burton-crescent, Atlg. "JOHN CARTWRIGHT."
He had to inform them, that at the List Meeting
at the Crown and Anchor, the placard calling to-
gether this meeting was read by him in as audi-
ble a voice as that in which he was now speak-
ing. The remarks of Major Cartwright, there-
fore, were somewhat extraordinary ; but he was
old, and his memory no doubt had become
treacherous. The case was ditreient, however,
with respect to Mr, Wooler ; he was in the prime
of life, his faculties and senses were all acute, and
he heard every word that was spoken at the Meet-
ing on Saturday. This, he was sorry to say, was
not the first time that 'Mr. Wooler had attempted
to discountenance public meetings. He should
be as tender to Mr. Wooler as possible, but still
the truth' must be told, and the present was no
time for flattery.—(Applause.)—He was happy
to see that the cause was supported by such im-
mense numbers, and therefore he should say no
more of Mr. Wooler. After uttering a great deal
of 'jargon, too contemptible to be repeated, be
concluded -by informing the Meeting, that; se-
veral Resolutions had been prepared, in order
to be laid before them, as well' as an Appeal to,
the Prince Regent.' '-
The Resolutions were then read by a N.P..Pntt....-
LIPS, and afterwards agreed to with uzianinsoue
uproar : . . .

At this awful crisis of public affairs, the people'composinr
thi4 Meeting, consider themselves called upon ;,;•eaceably, tys-
free-born Britons, to declare their rights, and to• appeal• tu,
the Prince and to the People of the British Empire, to unite
their efforts by every constitutional means, to stop the pro.
press of misery, to redress the grievances complained, of, to.
reform a defective Representation of the people, to stay th,e
blood-stained hands of fiction, and to save the Countrir
from Massacre_and Murder—we therefore resolve—

I, That the peat Porough Proprietors hare• :41/3sumeck a
power dangerous and degrading to the glory and secoritrcaf
the Crown, and to the liberties and happiness nit tine peopWA.
2. That this pow t: has increased, is increasing,. and ostglit
to be restored to the people.
3. That all purser not derived from the frill 204.1 free roirx.
and will of the People, is au arbitrary assomptikm, and utAgii%
to be immediately restrained.
4. That airy restrictions upon the people's elsoiee: of ir-
pr esc n tat iv es are gross violations of their rights.
3 That the claims of the People to the enjoymentof a full
and free elective franchise of Annual Parliaments., and Vont..
by Ballot, are justly constitutional, and necessary to prescrv&
the peace, interests, and liberties of the country..
G. That all persons _ who oppose these claims, ought to hesi:
considered enemies to the People.
7. That this Meeting recognise and venerate the principle'
laid down by Judge Blackstone, "That resistance to appresH
sion is a Constitutional right which • tine Peopie are called'_
upon to exercise, whenever they are driven to extremity, aut4:
their liberties will happiness are impudently and indeeently,s,
invaded."

8. That the people are the most proper judges, when their-
rights arc invaded, when they are driven to extremity, ancV.
when they ought to resist tyranncal ~ppri.ssit,,,. •
9. That this Meeting hold sacred the toaoly.principles
wisdom of their forefathers, in fureseeirtg• " that' as offences,
needs must come," awl as that tyrants were likely to arise,:
nobly secured by the Bill of Rights, the right of the people tos:
have arms in their possession.
That in accordance vi ti this ri4ht, so secured by. those

of Ilightq, it is a bnifl v alii2lt cv-eryrlan ()Ives to
own 4;iti.llV, to that of his children, and to posterity, to
pro, ide hi,. ~.11 st itlt such arms as he :nay jndge hest adapted
to tlir scent it y of his own person, and the lives and liberties
of hi' eonntryineri.
11. That the possession of arms by the people *mild tend
to Itee<erve rultlie peace, as known front the Wrstory•tif for-
-01 -r times, when all Englishmen were armed, anti 'When the
p,,,ide rt.:peeled circler and the prtiperty trf their neilthoors
as invi,th;te as at this illy ; to hen they have ciiminally
zlerteil to avail themselves of !his right, secured to there, by
tine of the great charters of the land.
12. That this Myelin,' with sorrow and indignation, con-
ilenin the cood.tct of , , g ,a,stra., cs and :-roin.itiry cavalry
of Manchester, tor the lotto osnliol attack MIMI the peaceable
peoplt, a.:enibled on the 16th inst. a• cruel, harlia-
row:. and vindictive , and as subversive of the people's rights
awl Ii! ernes.
13. 'nn this Met ling, in hilt ,1f of the people of the whole
Empire, solemnly calls upon the Prince Rege'irt, hod the pro-
per Antlmritics of Government, to rake immediate measures
to try the Movistrates ;Ind yeomanry for their lives; and
upon a verdict of guilty, to consign them to condign punish-
tut at.
1,1. That we corntoiserate. rith the most acute feelings,
with the honest suffering people; and condole, in sorrow,
with the mini, ors of our murdered an.,i mang.led conntry toth.s.
15. Thi:t the FeOple of the United Kingdom Of Great 11ri-
t tin 1!-eland are invited Si c(immence immediate subscrip-
tions for the relief of the Snlferets, and to provide legal aid
for the incarcerated friend: of

IC. That Mr. Hirt, No. S: Little notssell street, Covent-gar-
den, linear-draper; Mr. Wes.t, opposite Somerset -I louse,
Ntrand, IV> ch-sheet, balder; with
ether \veil-known Patriots of laitnhoi, are prover persons to
receive sttbseriptitins, conjointly with Major Caittsright, al-
t rally aopoint,ll Treasurer.
17, That the Thanlis of this 'Meeting; ire dne to Henry
Hunt, for but'muhly. prudent, and heroic conduct, Upon
nollyroui trying occasions, in hi. clitt.eaVout, to uitlaiii
the neoplr's lights; awl especially for his cool, firm, anti
print/lit conduct previous to and OH the clas=of the Meeting of
F.vf,rtners, held at :ilaticht-ater out the itlth instant.
it. Ttu.t the latnzintze reportet', to have keen used by one
of the Jtrtilzes of the land. oa is late OCCT,`,.II, in his Charge
To the Grand Jury, was diszracelul to him as a man and an
EnZli4l,m;tn-a-. polluting tite seat of justice with preitulice
Lind partial feelings—as incilitiz one part of the people to
array themseives in arms azainst another part, intending
pear r.. 111:- N. as.ientlite for alegal purpose.
t 9. That the s;7•rvilr echo of the (Irani! Jury was an evi-
denc-, wi, it various other dot•untents tyhich hate lately ap-
peared before the Pundit., that a conspiracy exists against the
libel tits of the latiourinz and industiimis peopl•.
'TO. That we hail, .till) the most lively feeling.s, the spirit
t 4 liberality which pi rt tiles title Catholic brethren of Great
Lritain and Irriand, and other thnonoinations of religions
people, whether Jews, Catholics, or Protestants; anti feliel-
tte ourselves, t hat all religions animosities and disabilities
are about to leave tom ever the British dominions.

21. That we will lICVer cease, but with our lives, from 11e-
niaoding in ;1 firm, manly, and constitutional tone, from the
authorities in power.... Reform in the Cominons House of Par-
Universal Suffrage, Vote by Ballot, and Annual Par-
Liments
23. That we rczret the Prince had been advised by his Mi-
nisteis toissuel6l late Proclamation, when but a short period
Jir,:riou3ly he migii*)„liave had the advice of the Parliament.
I:a: an .ippeai he made to the Prince Regent and to the
people cor•Aaily to suite, to oppose and put down thy de-
uctive imwry of the Borough Proprietors, and to stay the
b1,,0d-,taineti hand of violence and vision, and save the
country from massacre and tutirder.
24. That crery possible means be used, to get the appeal
into the hands of the Prince fte,;ent, and to obtain a counter
appeal from his !loyal flightie,s
25. That we dept ecate the attempt of the Magistetial Au-
thorities to prevent the assembling of the people to consult
upon the remora! of their grievances, upon their rizhts and
liberties, as an infringement upon the freedom enjoyed by
their fun,--ethers.

‘26. That we consider popular Meetings for such purposes
the hest mea,is to keep up the ancient spirit of the people,
without which they would sink into that slavery designed by
their enemies.
'7• That a Reformed Parliament would be the means of
breaking. up factious divisions—of lessening taxation—of gir-
the 'work a confidence iii Government—of increasing
trade ar d commerce, restoring prosperity and happiness—of
di.li,ndinp a standing artoy—and of providing f,r the bistro
and di,charged soldier a reward for his services, and the
means of comfortable sohsistence—of preserving the rights
and liberties of the people, and the independence and the
glory of the British Empire.
24. 'that it is the opinioa of this Meeting, that all those
!ipeakers fur Reform at Tavern Meetings a ho refuse to attend
any open-air Meetings, when solicited he the suffering people,
are only the pretended, and not the teal friends of Retains.
29. The Letter from Mr. Cathie to Lot d Siduauuth, having
appeared in Sh,ruin'A Register of last week.giving an account
of the massacre at Manchester, and the Editor's manly remaik
upon it, both Mr. Sherwin and Mr. Carlile deserve well of
1!u it Country.

The several Resolutions were received with
shouts of appla,,se.
A vote of thanks was then proposed to Mr.
Bunt ; it was carried with three times three, and
such clapping of hands as almost to deafen those
wimp stood on the hustings.
Mr. THISTLEWOOD congratulated the meeting
sin the great numbers which he saw collected
around him, on an occasion so eventful to the
friends of freedom ; indeed, they were even greater
than thwe which he had expected to meet, when
he considered the insidious artifices which had
been adopted to prevent their meeting altogether.
—(Cheers )—When he considered the respect
.which such a multitude must tilways command, he
felt assured that no long time would elapse before
they were restored to their indisputable and their
unalienable rights.—(Applause.)—He was cleat ly
of opinion that nothing more was requisite, in
order to render a nation free, than that she should
Mill it.—(Applause.)--The atrocities which had
been recently committed at Manchmer were
as must inevitably strike horror into every feeling
bosom ; of one thing he was quite sure, that
Englishmen never would be satisfied till they had
seen all the authors of them brought to condign
punishment.—(Long and loud applause.)—The
'time allowed them for discussing this important
subject was but short ; and be was very Unwilling
to take up more of their valuable time than was
absolutely requisite: he therefore should conclude
his speech by seconding from his heart all the re-
solutions.—(Cheers.)
Mr. (alias Dr.) WATSON then desired the meet-
ing to say whether they would have the resolu-
tions put collectively, or separately, or altogether.
'Pie crowd of impatient spectators replied with
uoaeimons voice, " Altogether."
Mr. WATSON then said, " 1 will put 'em collec-
tively. You that are for their passing -will sig-
mils, the same by holding up one hand."
The multitude then stretched forth ,its bands,
and the Doctor having put the negative side ot the
question, congratulated the meeting upon this al-
most endless string of resolutions having been car-,
tied unanimously in the affirmative.

The venerable Doctor then said, that the next
business which would come before them would
be to read the appeal to which allusion had been
made in the resolutions. Previously to that step
Luling adopted, be hoped that some of the many
Gentlemen present would address the meeting,
and thus give the other speakers time to collect
their scattered ideas.—(Applause.).
On this appeal being made to the Gentlemen
present, Mr. PRasToN (Ante forward to the side Of
gild bowed with some confusion' to the
;milky gtoupe whom he saw assembled before
int.

WATsow endeavoured to re-assure him by
iuluitniuk; the multitude that it was the famous

Mr. Presior2. lie vi,0,11 Li, eronl tour nr,
friewl Preston was snber at present, though his
enemies on one occasion, when lie had addressed
a public meeting, had charged him with being in-
Coxicated.—(Laughter and applause.)
Mr. PAPSTON, encouraeed by the praise of the
Doctor, then presented himself with less trepida-
tion than before to the ryes of his compatriots.—
He began his address to them by calling them
gentlemen and fellow-countrymen. They had
convinced him that clay that they had discharged
their do y, stud that conviction called upon him to
discharge his own.—(Cheers.)—He therefore
came before them intending to act R 3 beeame Pi
citizen of the world.—(Cheers.)—lle really felt
more than he could express at seeing himself sur-
rounded by so respectable a body of men, pro-
tessior such =entiments as they had that day ex-
pressed.—(Uheers.)—The atrocities which had
been committed during the last few days were hi-
deoos to think 'Too ; but, notwithstanding them,
he ts mild stand like a Spartan, mid die at his post,
rather than relax from that •duty which consti-
tuted - (Here Mr. Preston made a long
pansy. And seemed to h‘ave forgotten the manner
in which this sentence was ft) be terminated. At
last, he dribbled out some word, but what it was
we could not distinctly hear. We %sere told that
it was—a Briton.)—For 25 long years, he had
been a watchful observer of the conduct Of those
in power ; doubts had existed in his mind *he-
ther man really was that debased creature which
some represented him to be : run that point he was
still temple to come to any positive decision.—
The orator ttien made a very natural transit inn to
the state of atrairs in Lancashire. lie said that re-
port had come after report of the dreadful occur-
rences at Manchester, and ,that each report Was
more dreadful than its predecessor.—(Cheers
Whet) lie found all these reports confirmed by re-
spectable testimony, and ever) discovered that they
fell short of dread reality, be began to consider
for what purpose God had made him erect.—
(Latiehter)—[When this had erased, the orator
was proceeding with great complacency, but all
of a siold,n was stopped in the torrent of his
eloquence by the flight of ti great part of his au-
dience. This was occasioned by a report that the
Guards were coming down Sr. John-street, with
orders to disperse the Meeing at all hazards.
Sonic of the reforming gentry iu the cart addressed
a few words of exhortation to the crowd, and ad-
vised them to stay where they then were. Of
what were they afraid ? Surely not of their
brethren, :he soldiers. They ought to stand firm,
and to give them three cheers. Three cheers
were accordingly given, and some of the stragglers
were recalled to their former position by the
noise made by their comrades, who were left be-
bind.]—When this noise had subsided,

Paßsrot4contioned. lie declared his aver-
sion upon principle to lung speechet4, and finished
his own oration, which certainly was not a long
one, by uttering a sentence which we were not
able ro hear distinctly, Irons the immense ap-
piatise by which it was hailed at the very moment
that it escaped from his lips.
Mr. WATsos then made enother long speech,
in which he repeatedly expressed his confidence
" that their enemies would feel a reaction upon
their conduct." He then proposed that the let-
ters of Mr. Hunt and Sir F. Burdett should be
read to the Meeting.
The proposition for the reading of Mr. Hunt's
letter was then pot and carried unanimously. It
was read by Mr. Walker, and several passages in
it were greeted by loud cheers from the multitude.
When the proposition for reading Sir F. l3ur-
dett's letter was made to the Meeting, some soli-
tat y voices said, " No," but the majority replied,
Yes," anti welcomed it by repeated cheers and
loud elappings of hands. When it was read to
the people, they listened to it with the greatest
attention, and honoured every sentence of it with
their warmest applause. This might, perhaps,
arise from the reader assuring them that it was
highly worthy of their attention.
Mr. HARTLEY then entered into a long tirade
against the I'Vhigs ; and asked, whether the peo-
ple would consent to be duped by them any lungcr.
—lle then advised the people to rally under no
other standard than that which he held in his
hand—he meant " Universal Suffrage, and vote
by ballot." what he had to say he should be
very laconic.—(Laughter.)—lle should advise
rheas to .stand firm by the cause of.Annnal Parlia-
ments, and to stick closely to it ; if they did not,
it would be worse for them; " for if the Whigs
could thaw them aside to 1688, they certainly
would."

Mr. WALKER was not in the habit of addressing
large public bodies, but yet was desirous to ex-
plain to the present meeting a plan which lie had
devised for the assistance of those who had suf-
fered at Manchester. He bad put his sentiments
on that subject down upon paper, and with their
permission tie would teed them to the uttering;
(Cries of " Read, read..")—He then proceeded to
read an address of considerable length, to which.
as it contained little of interest, we forbear to
give insertion in our columns. Th►e following
sentence was the only one deserving of attention :
—The subscription proposed at the Crown and
and Anchor Tavern is very well for those that can
give their pounds, but not so for those that can
only spare their pence.—(Applause )-1 there-
fore most humbly submit to you the propriety of
entering into a penny subscription, for assisting
those that are in need of legal advice, and Peeing
of counsel for 'those that are in prison, and for
bringing those who hare violated the laws to jus-
tice.—(Loud cheers.)—He concluded by moving,
and the resolution was afterwards seconded, that
owing to the letter of Mr. Carlile to Lord Sid-
►riouth, which appeared in Sherwin's Register of
last week, giving an account of the massacre at
Manchester, and also owing to the manly re•
marks of the Editor upon the same subject, both
;Mr. Carlile and Mr. Sherwin had deserved well of
their count ry.—( Loud cheers.)—Carried amid the
loudest acclamations.

Mr. DUNIIIGH now read the following Apppeal,
to which nllusiuu had hecn previously made, and
proposed that it be adopted as the Appeal of the
Meeting to the justice of the Prince Regent
"To his Royal Highness the Prince Regent, and to the
Penile of the United Kingdom of Greet Britain and
Ireland.

" tiir and Countrynten—Whereas at a numerous
Meeting of the Non-terreseuttd People and other»

the Bvi.4lll\letrnpAl., tnn Wc;-lnestetav, the
2.5t1) August, ISI9, to consult upon the most pro-
per, Fredy, an effectual (neao9 of ()braining the
Rights of the People, a Reform of the Commons
lionise of Parliament, and a Redress of the Griev-
ances which a patient, industrious, and hotlrSt
people have long endured, and upon the Propriety
of making a Public Appeal to the Prince and to
the People :
" It was agreed to appeal to you upon the mi-
serable and forlorn condition to which art indus-
trious people are reduced to lay before the world
a few of the manifold grievances they suffer, and
the rights they consider themselves entitled to.
And in doing so, they coi,sider that the urgency
of the' public affairs, and the distress and misery
the people endure, require then) to use the most
pkin and unequivocal lang,,age, and they pray to
God that the solemn Appeal they now make may
inchne both the Prince and the People seriously
to exert themselves to remove tine evils which
have long affected these countries.

" In the sad condition to which the people are
reduced, it is not one of tbe least of their grievances
that they are deprived of the right to lay before the
sondge exercising- the executive fonctions of
Royalty the expression of their sufferings, the mi.
series they endure, and the means they conceive
would restore proTetity and happiness and it is
xn aggr:.vation to ibis grievance, that if at any
time their appeals, petitions, or remonstrances do
reach the Royal Ear, il.ey, by a determination, as
we understand, of the Royal Home of Brunswick
not to answer them but to particular privileged
Bodies, are deprived, in effect, of One of the rights
Imin:tweed by a charter of the hind : the covenant
thereof being rendered null and void, and the Co-
ronation Oa h to maintain all the charters is ren-
dered liable to be turned into contempt and ri-
dicule.

" S.olemn are the compacts bet .veen hincee
and People, and awful the conseqoentes
ing the itW Actions and abuses of tame compacts;
but the records and experience of past ages have
made known to tuattk:no, that the contracts
tween Governors aub the Go venied have usually
been first broken by men in power, ait 11):+t the
consequence has finally trrinineed io rim tall of
the offenders.

" It eanuor he concealed from the public, that
dangerous infractions have been made upon the
Übe, tie, of the people, and fleet the g' rarest ot
these applies to the Borough Proprietors, in their
iimovations upon the Representative System--a
System pre-eminently the glory of these countries;
ttpot) the pet fectibility of which depends the libel tics
and rights of the people; and diet from such in-
novations may he attributed the ruin, tuiery and
discontent which now spreads through all parry of
the land—the impositions, the abuses, oppressions,
and murders, prartise(4 upon the industrioos pert of
society—the boundless extravegance in the edini-
nistration of public affairs, and the excesses ant
vices committed by numerous agents of their
power. Nor ought it to be tenreealed front the
Prince and the people of a great empire, that
public Jleils are on the eve of a crisis 1.).; with
important events, and requiriug the most cool,
d:q”.ssionate, impartial, and'hemane measures, to
avert the dangers and evils of conflicting passions—
to appease the angry feeling of the suffering peo-
ple—to prevent any farther encroachments upon
their liberties and happiness--eeo restrain the far-
ther waste of public treasure--eto restore the pro-
sperity of the nation, and the rights and privi-
leges of social life. 0.111) eccomplish these desira-
ble ends, we solemnly appeal to you, Sir, anu
countrymen, to consider well the necessity of call-
ing on the counsel of men of wisdom, integrity, and
judgment, who have mixed with their suffeting
country-people, and who are known to,be of hu-
mane comprehensive minds, and real lovers
of social order, impartial justice, and their coun-
try's glory. And we presume, with all doe de•
ferenee, to recommend, as the only tittles of
assembling together such characters, is by imme-
diately Reforming the Commoes House of Parlia-
ment—extending elective frencltise to every •mide
adult person—to cell Parliaments Ailittialiy, And
to elect the people's Representatives by ballot.
And we solemnly appeal to you, Sir, our Pri'n'ce
and our friend, to come forwent at this ..aieful
juncture of the nation's affairs, when the moist
alarming and fat id attacks here been made upon
the persons of the peaceable assembled people,
and to enjoin them to stay the blood-stained hendi
of faction, and Silva the country front autarchy,
Massacre, arid murder."
Mr. 131sT seconded the motion in a few words.

Mr. WATSON then desired the Meeting would
inform him, by bolding up their hands, whether
they approved or dial►prove'l of the appeal. 'l'hnse
who approved would hold up their hands first.
Immediately after the soi,disant Doctor had ut-
tered thele words, every hand was elevated in 9,,t).
port of the appeal. This gratified the Doctor so
much that he could not help, as he said, congra-
tnlsting himself on being Chairman of so nun►er-
ous a Meeting. sixty thousand persons at least
were present, who had .unanimously supported
the present appeal.---(Cheers.)
Mr. 13Amtv, who described himself tis the ot-
copier of No. 3, Brook's-comt,
made a long and unconnected speech duri►►K this
stage of the business. Ile Concluded it by ex-
horting them to bring their injuries before the
Common-Ilan, and to petition that body to take
the subject into their most serious considera-
tion —(Laugh►er.)
Nobody Was found to second the !notion ; of
co►►rse it was negatived without a division.,

Mr. DENBIGH then moved a vote of thanks to
their worthy Chairman.
1 being, however, the opinion of the Meeting
that ibis Motion was precipitate, •
Mr. WALKER proposed a vote of censure upon
the Lord Mayor, for his gross libel upon the Re•
tot suers, in dechiring that they had a plot' tor
burning the city, awl murdering the whole c,f 1;
inhabitants.---(Loud laughter.)
This ties seconded by a Mr. Phillips ; and the
question being put from the chair, the Resolution
wai carried with acclamations.

At this moment a cart laden with Gentlemen
Reformers, consisting principally of sweeps anti
dustmen, was seen going at full speed from 'tile
spot where the Meeting was assembled ; all eyes
were fora moment directed towards it, a,1(1 thrnse
wiu.) were at the outtlitts of the crowd, conceiv-

I r^lll,k‘. IV#l*o epi-rlirwo immeo
'lc to their heels. Soon,
their mistake, the greater part of them feturue
had obsidetil.
Mr. Watsow, after the tumult
exhorted the people to be peaceable and traneil
and. asiurerl them that ultimately the law "ne
do justice to all parties ; the voice of the Pe,.°Pof
however', perceivii,:4
would he obeyed. He had one thing to a"
those now assembled, that if any
Si,ies were near, if any one present WAS inflicted.
for sedition, that they would all come forward 'l5
witnesses on the trial, and give their evidences,
Englishmen. " I beseech you," he added, "
you regard yourselves, as you regard the o's(
which you strenuously advocate, as you refire:
your friend Mr. Hunt, to depart to your bsd
spectre homes in a quiet and Pocea, A
manner." He, Dr. Watson, was now ii": 1
ins ttu“ to the wane of life, end he 03-i
little chance of living lone in this worl3 buLt
11
hoped he might live so long us to see the evil':
Governnien
cipatioii of his countrymen front the (101114146u:I
of the Borouglimongers. Ile might then 113 Y :id
the language of that oldfashioned hook called the
Scriptures, " Now lettest thou thy servant def"ro
in !Lace according to thy word ; tor mine qc
hase seen thy salvation."
Thanks: were then proposed to the Chairrnstl°
and Carlied with loud applause. Mr. ScAllqit
again addre'ssed the people, and returned I►i9
si
etre thank.. This was followed by dime lcitt
and distinct cheers.
Mr. WA-rsoN then stepped forward, and beg,
ged of them, before they went, to give three chec"
to their sincere friend 1J r. Hunt, who had itatior7
tali:l:d himself ia their cause. The air was static
(lively filled with the loudest acclamations, "bic.l
lasted for a consideralde time. Three tittles 006
cheers were then given for Mr. Csrlile.
wooler,
At the conclusion d cry was mide for
from enh,hy, the erowd—" Where is NVoOler ?"-j.
Why :Ines he not show his face ?" The gelatoWl!
however. did not make his appearance.
Mr. ‘Vatson, Mr. Preston, Mr. Tnistlewo°t/i
and the other orators of the day, thco jui"Pe'
down front the waggon, and in a short tint: ,s
crowd ryas nearly disp,,rsed.
EXICUTION of A BRA 11AM MIRA:015;

On Thursday last Atruhdto .Ibrahams, who °le
convicted at the last Ass ZVS for nisi,';; it'e.°
commit a but glary at Shet mess, siith•ted the dr'sl,
fill sentence of the law oo Pcuenden
About 11 o'clock be lett the prison in a W1144°1:.
by the Under Sheriff and usnal e•cOtt'
the apmsrvil reinmkably epees till, alai 00 -g
e:
tiny into the mot nodded andsmith!snkd at se v-,;
ral persons whom he recognized among "I;
crowd ; he also pointed out a man who 'lll%
a witness against him oil the trial, and vic.h°'•
observed had sworn falsely. A Jewish 10(3-1:
who had visited him in pi isou for several (I'o'l
was seated by the side of him in the wagga'', 4,:)
on the way to the heath occasionally reld pE
prayed to hint in the lt:brew4itongoe, which
also continued to do for some time after O.
had arrived at the place of execution. [WI,' I
they were thus engaged, • a persoo
At water requeited permis,H I tfil(•et•
Sheriff to speak to Anrahams, which 'Vito
granted, and tie accordingly got tni9
waggon, and conversed with the trnfort"
man a few minutes ; ou docendipg from
goo, he acquainted the Limier Sheriff 11)3' be
i.rs,
sided at Sheerness, the next door to where
hams had lived; that some time back his hun'e
broken open and robbed, and he had wow; slug
cions that A',raltams W 143 CollCerred ill it' •
oil his now ques•ioning him respecting it, de
,)
vied any knowledge whatever of the transacts',,,.),
When they had finished their devotion, he '11(;;I,
hands with the Rabbi and others in the ‘04,..,;:ii•
ant] ascended the platform with the greate“
ness ; while the executioner was ptep4'iul
- tho
the awful ceremony, he twice begged ();
Rabbi to come to him, which he did, o"" 01111
that his.hat mig,ht be placed on his head " ;
p the roe was being adjusted about his l'
‘)ec,cr
t) whe this was finbbed, the cap WaS din"' s
his face, and lie was latinclied into c!,eflit•o irel'
and Wed almost without a struggle.---114, 011
tertained hopes of reprieee errivilt., %tet
last moment of hit existence ; and colt e 35
the Rabbi to continue pi tying to 11)11-t ,/eri
long as be might be Tel initted, was
good looking young man, anti we iindur-tln'' 5 Of
I emarkably intelligent ; he was about 24 Year' hi
age, and has left two ei,ildren, whom U 6
a vvot»an who cohabited with hint, and `"c-tect
now also pregnant of a third. It was esreii
chat a great many Jews would have aitc`not
the execution, but we believe there w° ~in'
above six or eight on the Heath, and else
her of spectators was nut so greet as is "'"
such occasions. Before the bony was "rot
down from the gallows, several i49('ojej
and superstitious persons, who had arter,,b'
for the purpose of having wens, &c. n- the
bed with the dead inatt'i hands, applied Li&
Rr. ~..abbi fur bins to allow its being door., but
3004
refused, as the Jewish law's will tint ' to
any but those of their own pi-tsth 'l°,,'srii'
touch a body after death, and they were 11011
cular in this respect, that four Jews took tlictosi
tram the gallows, after it held hung' the oil
time, anti placed it in the shell themselvesii
afterwards carried it to the hearse, wUic„.
ilia
. .
waiting to convey it t,) Chatham, oiliest on
corpse Was to have heed interred, buinsed
its ri ca 1 at that pl ice, it wits e.r re"
borhd. According to the eus•om theta' ,fare
the body ought to be interred
for ate
tun-set, but owiog to this refusal it wils
ell to Sheerness, where it did our iirrive titer&
last night, and it Wag 41011StTht it°t
till Ft iday.—(Mairl.qone Jouridal Jug.

...4
'23'
Extract of et leiter from Chester, Aug' too(l'
<< The trial of Sir C. WoLsi:LLY, it is "
I`l°r' t lbe
ot will ntake glace aam t o next :assizes,, PIL ta
ensuing Spring Session."
..it
Lt)NpoN: Printed by.l. B. CARSTAIRS, of Nui• ;2. IC., tre
Ii Ornl,iii-styret, (.111;•til-S.Itlare•' and pithiiilfriA ,I de • to
SCBIPPS 01 NO. 7, Soittli :11,d:0 -street, 31' Ovk'
Off cc, N. I le. Strand ; wtiera AdreitiSeiDefitkf
L'llwis, &c. !pvit-Intirl) 11.4iiot Le aJarciW:cli.

/,
ft,

,i,„:

t4A
