CAPTAIN MARRYATT.

Yesterday evening a meeting of the electors of the
Tower Hamlets, resident in Dalston, Shacklewell,
and the neighbourhood, was hell at the Tysson
Arms, Dalson. The meeting, which had been called
for the purpose of hearing Captain Nlarryatr, one of
the candida'es for the representation of the borough
in Parliament, declare his political sentiments, was
most numerously attended. Captain Marryatt was
of course in attendance. Mr. CARTER, of _Dalston, in
the Chair.

In answer to an inquiry from Mr. WHITE, it was
stated that Captain Mariyatt was a Captain in the
loyal Navy, and a Companion of the Order of the
Bath.

Capt. INIAaRvArr then came forward, and was re-
ceived with cheers and some partial marks of disap-
probation. He had ever been a Reformer, even
long before the Reform Bill was thought of, and
could refer to his earliest career to justify his asser-
tions.
He had also, he conceived, been instrumental
to the reduction of the system of flogging to half
the extent to which it hart at one period prevailed.
On this subject he had presented a memorial repre-
senting the fact that the punishment of flogging
was inflicted by order of the Captain in a moment
of irritation, which in a calmer mood would not
have been the case, and the result of that memorial
was au order that no punishment should be inflicted
until 12 hours after the commission of the offence.
The Gallant Captain declared himself an advocate
for the abolition of all sinecures and undeserved
pensions, and for strict economy and retrenchment,
in every department of the State. He would also
substitute a well-modified property tax for the ex-
isting as-essed taxes, which pressed so heavily on
the middling and lower classes of the community.
With reference to Church reform, a subject in which
all men were now much interested, he must say he felt

it was one requiring great and serious consideration,
but he would certainly advocate a commutation of
tithes, the abolition of pluralities, and that residence
of the clergy should be indispensable. The taxes
on knowledge ought also to be repealed. On the
Corn Laws, he remarked that they required great and
immediate revision, though he was not prepared to
say to what extent. He also preferred triennial to sep-
tennial Parliaments ; and with respect to the vote
by ballot, he would say that if the Reform Bill was
unproductive of the anticipated effect, then recourse
must be had to the ballot, the introduction of which
he should certainly advocate in such an event.
In answer to a question relative to the subject of
negro slavery, put by Mr. NORMAN,
Captain MARRYATT declared himself favourable to
the gradual emancipation of the slave population, as,
if it was immediate, that for which the people of
England were so desirous—namely, the happiness'
of the slaves—would never be accomplished by such
a measure, to say nothing of the interests of the
planters —(Cheers and disapprobation.)
Mr. RHODES inquired whether the Gallant Captain
would vote, if the question was mooted in Parlia-
ment, for the " annihilation" of Church and State.—
(Laughter.) He meant the separation. He also
asked if he would vote that no clergyman should
hold the magisterial office.
Captain MARRYATT replied, that the first ques-
tion was one of serious importance, and really meant
if he would abolish tithes. He had thought deeply
upon the subject, and before he could give an an-
swer he must first know to whom the tithes should
go, and whether they would not, in such a case, be
appropriated to improper usages. From the expe-
rience he had had, as Chairman of the Norfolk
County Sessions, he was opposed to clergymen
holding the commission of the peace.
Mr. HUNT then moved, and Mr. GißsoN seconded
a resolution declaratory of the satisfaction of the
meeting in the frank and candid sta•ement of the
Gallant Candidate, and that he was a tit and proper
person to represent them in Parliament.
The resolution was put and received with mingled
applause and marks of disapprobation.
On a show of hands being taken, the majority we
thought were held up against it. Tire Chairman,
however, declared it to be carried, and at the same
time declared the meeting to be dissolved.

Mr. Portman their warm support, and some arran g
ments were made to support his canvass, thanks
were voted to the Chairman, and the meeting
broke up.

MIDDLESEX—MR. HUME.
Yesterday afternoon, a general meeting of the
electors of Middlesex took place at the London Ta-
vern, Bishopsgate-street, for the purpose of entering
into measures for the support of Mr. Hume, at the
ensuing election. The chair was taken by Mr.
WARBURTON, M.P. _ .

Mr. LITTLE, after a warm eulogy of the character
and public services of Mr. Hume, moved a resolu-
tion, declaring that he was eminently entitled to
their gratitude, and that he was a fit and proper
person to represent the county of Middlesex in the
first Reformed Parliament.

The Rev. GEORGE EVANS seconded the motion,
and in the name of the Protestant Dissenters, denied
that they were capable of the base ingratitude of
abandoning Mr. Hume.
The motion was carried unanimously, with shouts
of applause.
Mr. HUME then rose. If the party who were
now attempting to raise a religious question against
him was to succeed, it would be followed by the old
cry of Church and State, and they would find them-
,elves in the end more disgraced and shackled than
ever before. With regard to his general political
opinions, he believed no objection was urged, and as
respected Church Reform, its necessity was now ad-
mitted ; and he begged them to remember that he
was one among the first to introduce that subject
before the Legislature. If there was any gentleman
whom he should suspect more than another to be
no real Reformer, it was the gentleman they had
brought forward to oppose him. Mr. Hume then
referred to the manner in which a charge of Athe-
ism was insinuated against him, in a letter bearing
the signature of Hannibal Sandys, one of Lord Hen-
ley's Committee, and to an anonymous advertise-
ment in that day's papers, disclaiming on the part
of the Committee any participation in Mr. S:s letter.
Having done so, he went on to say—he could not con-
sider the anonymous advertisement as any answer to the
letter bearing Mr. Sandy's signature, and he would
say, if the Committee did not expel that gentleman
they must be considered as adopting his letter. Who
was he to believe, an individual who signs hi,:
name, or an anonymous writer? Another charge
against him was, that he had distributed Paine's
works, than which never was a more bat efaced lie
invented ; there was not one word of truth in it; it
was altogether a base lie. The religious opinions
of Paine were abhorrent to his feelings; but as re-
spected his political works, he would admit that he
might have spoken in praise of them, for he con-
sidered them as containing many of the soundest
political opinions. But that was no ground for the
blending together two matters perfectly distinct,
and charging him with distributing the works. Dis-
tributing ! Good God; he never bought but one
copy of Paine's political works in his life, and that he
had by him still. He challenged the assassin to
come forward and prove his assertion. He should
be at T o ickenham on Monday, at Bedfont on Wed-
nesday, and at Poplar on Friday ; let him meet him
at any of those places, and he would join answer
with him. He would now come to the charge of
Atheism ; and here he must confess he was surprised
at the language which, according to the published
reports, was used by Mr. Garrett, and which he
must have known to be false. He challenged him

to name any one act of his life that would justit,
the accusation. He had received a letter from the
Rev. Clergyman whose ministry he attended, ex-
pressing surprise and indignation at the charge, and
bearing testimony to the regulari.y with which he
attended to the public duties of religion, and with
this statement he should rest perfectly satisfied.
There was another point raised against him, and
that was, that he had spoken sneeringly and lightly
of slavery. Now this charge was inconsistent
with all his public conduct. On the contrary, he
hoped every expression of his had been in favour of
public rights, and every effort to give freedom to
the slave. He looked on slavery as a national stain,
and the first thing he desired was to see it abolished;
the next, that it should be accomplished without
anarchy and bloodshed : and lastly, that it should be
accompanied by an equitable and fair consideration
of the cliims of the planters, who held their present
property under the law, as fairly and as equitably
as any man in this country held his estate.—(Cries
of " No, no.") He repeated, it was the sin of the
nation, and let not the individual suffer. The nation
had done the wrong, and let them pay the price.
lie was ready to agree to full, immediate, and abso-
lute emancipation, to-morrow, if it was shown that it
could be done with safety. Or he would consent to
go into a Committee on the subject, and be guided
solely by the evidence there adduced. Mr. Hume
afterwards, at great length, explained the circum-
stances that induced him to object to the allusion to
Divine Providence in die Scotch Cholera B 11. He
also entered into the details of his interference in
the Bath election, but as his explanations on both
these subjects have been repeatedly published, it is
unnecessary to give them again. He sat down
amidst immense cheering.
Mr. FEARON proposed a resolution, the purport of
which was an expression of the full conviction of
the calumnies raised to the prejudice of Mr. Hume,
and declaring him a fit candidate.
Mr. J. GIBSON seconded the resolution.
Mr. R. TAYLOR spoke in support of Mr. Hume,
and gave several respectable testimonies of his worth
in private life.
Mr. BAILEY (a Quaker from Uxbridge) was sure
Hume would lose many votes if it was not made
generally known that Henley had swerved from
immediate emancipation of the slaves. The
worthy Quaker was himself a Secretary for the
Anti-slavery Association, and fully coincided with
the sentiments of Friend Hume.—Cheers.)
The resolution was carried unanimously, arid
hailed with loud cheers, in which .Ir. Bailey joined
in waving his stick in exultation.
Mr. NiCtioLsoN said the main business of the
meeting was to return Mr. Hume free of expense,
because, he said, Lord Henley was only put forth
as one of a party to frighten him (Mr. H.) with
the expense. He then proceeded to detail that
Lord Henley was in the receipt of nearly 5,0001. a
year for a place in Chancery, for which he did lit-
tle, or rather nothing.
The resolution was put, which invited subscriptions.
Mr. WIRE rose to second the motion. He
pledged himself to use all his influence in the circl
of his friends to procure votes, and as money was
wanting he cheerfully contributed from his humble
means 51. Let every one go and do likewise.
The resolution was carried, with acclamations,
unanimously.
Mr. WARBURTON, the Chairman, recommended
the establishing of local committees for the purpose
of arranging the particular districts to vote on par-
ticular days, that no disappointment might arise to
persons corning from a distance; and announced that
Robarts and Co. would be agents in the east, and
Bouverie and Co. in the west, to receive subscriptions.
Mr. WILDE begged to say a few words before the
resolution was passed. He would give three guineas
to support Mr. Hume—(Cheers)—and another
would be ready if it was wanted, and he would
support him in every shape in his power.—(Cheers.)
The resolution was agreed to unanimously, and
nearly 2001, was announced as subscribed.
Tire usual votes were passed to the Chairman,
&c., and acknowledged.
Mr. HUME thanked them for the kind reception
.1 he had received, and the meeting dispersed.

BARRISTERS' COURT AT YORK.—SENSIBLE DE-
cisioN.—lt having been ascertained by the respective coin-
inittes of Messrs. Petre and Lowther, that the objected
votes were nearly equal on bath sides, it was wisely re-
solved, to save time and expense, for each party to with-
draw opposition, which was acme accordingly, to the in-
crease of the constituency at York.—Leeds Patriot.
BATA.—Parties run tremendously high here. Mr.
Hobhouse's friends are very sanguine, and General Palmer
is considered safe. Roebuck's friends are confident too ;
but if Palmer's plumper, towards the last go with Bob-
