F`: --
,
• ,• _
e LJN -- se
f:e;011i.e',..51i,ii).,,,,,..ti
iiL ~,i,::as:.::ni.rtisi7
THE 4LO DON MONDAY DFCEMBFR '7 1835. , ,--
, , _4 . . .- .• -
---- _ -,,---,
.......-,,—_ .
~,-,,.....„......,... . __
matter. Plaintiff had no interest what- lie had tried to break open the door of•one of the rooms, THE SILVER CRADLE -0031-11, IT.T.iii
.......------- ----
SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC a. .
.1 0 UltNe'llaS. Poland be once moaae raised age:lost him, which cx- tithe.; ie Ireland under their existing nit
rage and i i . 5 be, lost in the attempts to en-
Ninsierous lives have a andm had been abused in it.
theto plunder more effectually. :
.... -©
I) * ''"
"‘
• ' ‘ force them, but to Mr. Ulan-Yin recalled—Proved ss, 5-the printing of the Alfred The LORD MAYOR—
•_ . .1- - kin-- what nothr. g else could explain,
Our observations, on Saturaay 'N (*A ,on elic sub- bloodthirsty spirit of Ilene-sauce the natural effeet (e no e4et. A reform in the system Why. did she make you go to the On Saturday the Committee appointed to inquire into
•
extreme terror which seems to have dictated every ex
-canalone present 1 i
e the tsetablisoment ; but the Church 1 '
house so early as four o'c,oek in the morning ? The Boy— the most appropriate and complimentary mode of expressing
undermine the present -
jest of the Tory intrigues to - ICross-examinsd-Plaintiffacted .. e
e
•of the Muscovite. The Journal de Frank- faction would rather bazard civil war than yield a par- - felt by- the Corporation at the birth of
3
Government, and bring about another coup a'etat, pression .
tide kindness for the family of witness, after the death of wit- The
the Court of Russia, taken in con- of its usurped possessions to the demands of jus- Hess's female prisoner said that the boy told his master she son of the Chief Maeistrate duringthe M met id
e
vl. Art, an organ of .,. ~ father. An application had been made by Noyes was innocent of all she had beenchargedwith. The boy Guildhall
have brought upon us much correspondence and , ,
.Wric Lice andsound ~ • • w are
nexion with the speech, never once attempts to s.. - - particularly anxious to prove • • •
that plaintiff was the editor of the Satirist. Wit- made out the story to excuse himself • and as for the. plates: Deputy V'
;D. WIRE, Esq., in the Chair. . • . ,
,
rictus communications. These generally coofirm our
e-r-ation of having violated the treaty of Vienna, to caution the public ag.ahist tii, attempts which . are ness was asked whether he wanted the situation of reader. and other things
aes, .e,
tine tha
and information respec e ~.. the . she was accused of having stolen, the dermen should in their. scarlet robes, and the Commol
1 eists for fleiss,a had better behio• made to im ose on its credulity. We erceive Witnes .• 1
'. preaiouS impressions a f ._
1 so that future political apo,o, . . a _ a , y -. . s said that could not be . proved, for it was not true. daughter of the old woman had taken awav, promising to Council in their violet e•Owns present' Address to rlic
o the genera stir•, an
tiatrenic activity of the enemy an„
'hop that sort of special pleading.. The Frankfort that several meetings are about to be called for similar Mr. Hantsmen, a person in the house of Messrs, Long- bring' them back. , Lord- Mayor, coaeratulatirie his Lordship on the hal)1),1
•ve -
amonost the Cossacks and Sutlers of the Conservati
article insists on the fact, that the " Poles have at all purposes to those which we have noticed, and to what- man, the publishers of " The Literary Souvenir,". proved • The LORD MAYOR cominitted the- boy for stealing the event' ; and also present' ar'
• - of b'e
.ss same time, happy to . 'ent the sym iath m , vil it vur of the that Mr. Watts the editor of that work :he said that silver out ' piece of plate considera ,
camp,
although
we are,. at the ,
i I;eii i_ times shown themselves averse to any Government, no ever ex,
~ . 1 y ay pre a Ifa o •
it had been deer • in
decreasing sale while he d
.. .
.was c.onnecte plates, &c. oi. the drawer, and the girl foe stealing the value to his Lerdship as a further testimony of their rat,
reel assured that the mines laid .with so much i.
what, which placed them under a foreign Irish Clergy, let it not blind the people of England to
w,ittheficatiom
at Court have exploded without, the matter nu ; late period of the publication injured it. There
.
sceptre." What is this but an aggravation of the the machinations by which the common enemy is en-211.ARY LEB ONE: It was stated that the records had been searched;forillo
Bence and shill 1 were opportunities of shipping which were lost through the
courtiers nor courtezans have
...
._ _ .
. another argument deavourina to mar the progress of Government i A young man, about 22 years of age, of very stylish ex- slapose of ascertaining whether it was the practice upon
slightest effect. Neeitoer
it would be cruelty charged againstßussia, and a goodate period of publication. • •kind c
succeeded in making out their case, that i
_.
.n favour of the wisdom of those restraints imposed in both countries. The whole affair is a Tory trick Cross-examined—Witness knew that for some years past •
terior, was charged with stealing five sovereigns and some occasions•
of the to get ready a silver cradle. for tli
lis- 'trinkets from Mrs. Mary Spicer, atleast double his age. •
' reception of the child ; but the Town Clerk informed tit
lient or wise, or safe, to run the nisi{ of a t
u-on her by the neaotiators of Vienna, who knew, to cast odium on the' Melbourne Administration, for the plaintiff had been attacked in " Fraser's Maeazine."
• ex pee , ification of v e, The lady whose evidence was re eatedl • broken bI, Committee that he was not aware of en • resolution for
lutiou, and a second re-action, for the grat .
acknowledged, and thus far respected, the patrio- attempting to do that which justice, sound policy, and A youth named Williamson, from the establishment of • ' p 3 y her
~., , babe . . • a
soplacing a mayoreety in,silver.
sighs and sobs, stated that she was possessed of some
or for the sole promotion, of their ex- Mr. Hulmandel roved th• ttl t •• tl
•'. t• ? 1 I es. iit
tic spirit of the Poles, and their inherent love of hoer y. i Lei • .y, as well as the voice of the public, called ,• . ~ p ala ben ernan had engrayed
their revenge,littl, .t • 1 • CI - 1
s, proper y, an( resided in ler es-street., 1 m tman-
s , . . Alderman T. WODD lind 110 t tl l• II • • • t°
le s ig test objection
ell NN, e are safe from ,
•
elusive interests. So far, so w .els for the monstrous notion promulgated by the Holy upon them to do. It is •the last trick which they have the,l, rint of Mr.r IWi Watts which was published ia Fraser s
market. In an evil hour sbe became ac ueinted with the go the whole length of the vote of congratulation, and 0
b t eche oyes. had nothing to do with it. Wit-
daircer. Still the calm may c re,
ii -
Alliance, at the instance no doubt of Russia, that the any chalice of.winning. People of England ►! it is for 1
immediate Hess delivered . eirisoner, who represented himself as acquainted
clerk to a. present that vote in his Aldermatlic robes ;but he real'l
1 the look-out for squa s,the copies to Eraser. One thousand four ' f
rous, and we must be on .
yv partitioning Poland would prove the best recipe for your good sense to determine whether they shall have
.hundred prints' were delivered. merchant, of Camomile-street, in the city, and she had no could not see why an occurrence which would in the cameo
roaching session. - e ' • the centre of it or rot—whether Reformhalt on the thresh-reason to call in question the truth of his story, as he al- almost guy
during every hour of the appdestroying a focus of confusion in . . . . shall Cross-examined—As far as witness knew, 'Moves had
' ; - ance of the Reform
-Association ton as not at allrei
i es
E It us ask, has the event confirmed any such hold, or enter the dwelling of corruption, ant. saeep nothiaa t 1 ways conducted himself in the most. gentlemanly manner. upon extraordinary, should be marked by
rely upon the a LI eEurope, e , , o( o with the printing of the letterpress.
for action on ni• ITheir acquaintance soon ripened into love, and sheexpensive testimonial. He was sure that id
a greater nag
keep their machinery in order, and read
t anticipation ? Has Poland ever been tranquiizec, out of it the unclean things which have fattened so Sir F. PoLLocic replied with great force upon the eve- passed
v‘oola
bliss with theprisoner hours of heartfelt - impose be *(.l tothe feelings than to
him pal_ . o. f the Lord Mayo.r
the.shorteet summons. Reformers of all classea mast by tile cruelties practised against her ? Has the peace long on your miseries, wrongs, and sufferings.—Morn deuce, and commented severely on the attempt to make out many
- _
recollect that the eyes of the country are upon them. „ ,
ot Europe been promoted f)y this horrible invasion of ing Advertiser. the evidence this clay of the plaintiff's connection with the den e, as a lover. At length they were asked in church,
andthe , Satirist, when the defendant Moses knew most perfectly and Tuesday last was fixed for the day on which they were compliment, by offering him a piece of plate in commemor
There must be the same cordial co-operation,
the most sacred rights ? Has injustice or oppressions
to be united. On the Wednesday preceding the day time of the birth of a.sixth or seventh child, particularly 11
same disinterested sacrifice of individual views and opi-
ever proved a peacemaker? God forbid it should I CHANCERY that no such connection existed. There was no
COUIIT.—SATURDAY. - - • evadence he was likel •to heve a familynamed, theprisoner visited
her as usual, and stayed with . Y , of considerably greater, er
of the 'Govern- whatever to support the defence of provocation, and the•
'lions, to a genera,. and hearty support. .
will hate Then for the ingratitude of Poland to Alexander—the - • . Jury ought to mark their reprobation (4 the system of per- tent.—(A laugh.)
her till the evening, when he took his departure. Soon. .
ment, which we have no doubt the Ministers
ingratitude lof a captive towards his gaoler I How is IN RE THE BARONESS xinKwALL. sonal attack which had been adopted against the plaintiff. •afterwards she missed a small box from her apartments, Mr. ALDERMAN (Deputy of Cripplegate Ward), 315°
a right to claitn from the undivided popular party, by
the charge made good ? Alexander, forsooth, in 1820, The LORDS COMMISSIONERS heard Counsel in their L• Iler , • e objected to the proposal of the plate. '
containing.five sovereigns and some jewe 3, which non ..,... . .ord DENMAN summed up, and told the Jury to con-
-of their measures of relief. private room upon a petition in this matter. but tne prisoner could have taken ; and she subsequently Deputy PEACOCK said the town had got hold of the terse
• an early announceineet made a speech to the Polish Diet ; for under the treaty seder whether the publication of November, 1834, was a
,mature at- EVANS V. HAZALDINE. discovered that the prisoner, who knew from her where silver cradle, but he believed that there existed no prec°'
Nothing would seem more unwise than pre •
of Vienna Poland had a Parliament ; but the Autocratlibel on the plaintiff, or a criticism on his works - or wile-
constitution of the
tempts to interfere with the present . _
" the happy accident "—eeproached the Parliament Upon this petition comineon to be argued, which related titer the - me publication of June, 183 a, was or was not a libel
' her money was placed, had attempted to obtain 10/. in her dent for any vote of the kind. At all events, if there ever
to the appointment of a receiver of certainpropertybe-name' from her banker Mr -Shrubs • 1 of o e., . Kingston. On existed any authority for supplying an expensive article j°
House of Peers, on the part of Members not possessing
of Poland with sedition—too common in our dad longing . on the plaintiff's person and character. if they found both •
lunatic,l defendant'
• to a wlo was in the suit, and or either f tlt b rb it 1
o iese publications o e lei ous t ley would - • •
1 • •the * • '
meeting him in .street she taxed him with the robbery, commemoration of an event of very oommon, and to map
•
sufficient influence to insure a majority on any motion
—and for what ? Because, in the exercise of its in- to the payment of • C money into Court, an objection was and gave him in charge to a constable. She had inquired very disagreeable, occurrence, the march sof intellect bP
abandon theirthen declare the amount of damages to which the thou ht - y
for that pnrpose. The Peers must either herent and undoubted rights, that national assembly taken that the petition was informal, inasmuch as it wasthe
plaintiff entitled. g in Camomile-street, and found that no such person as the surely raised up such a dust as completely obscured its pre'
• --
opposition to the principles of measures .sent up to
tad rejected some of the bills proposed by his Minis- not entitled in the lunacy as well es in the cause, and thatprisoner lived there ; and, in fact, she was sure be Was no- sent application.—(A laugh.)
The Jury, after half an hour's consultation,. returned a
them by the Representatives of the People, or they,
tern, and were 'thus accused of sedition for having the part of it which related to the appointment of a re- verdict for the defendants on the first count, and for the thing but an imposter, whose object in making love was to It was then agreed that the congratulation should notirr
must be rtfornicd. Heap cinders on their heads .
acted on laws which Alexander, in words, had ceiver could only be granted upon a petition addressed to plaintiff on the second. Damages, 150 L 'plunder her of her property. In answer to a question the elude the piece of plate or silver cradle, but should 10
the Great Seal in the matter of the lunacy, complainant stated that on the day she lost her propertyverbal compliment, merely a. drawn up in the most select al'
Dispatch the Bills in the House of Comthaa
, .5. Use'acknowledged d • . ever with the best these
a ;an SOJS it
Sir L. SHADWELL directed the t• t• to be
pe i.ion amended the prisoner appeared very fidgety and uneasy all day. She appropriate language.
no threa•enine• language to be taken advantage or barbarians---there is no reliance to be placed upon any b ~. . men and artists. Among those we noticed -Mr. Lockhart, •
" b •---, . y entitling it in the cause, as well as in the lunacy, and Mr. Crofton Croker, Mr. Panizzi, Mr. Wilkie, • 1 Mr. never saw-him so much so before.
an Prisoner—And
by the Lords as an apology to the country for then'
nromisc they make, or one syllable they utter. For that another petition should be presented in time matter of
Goodyear. no wonder, after the sweet kisses you THE MARKETS.
conduct, and leave their Lordships to reconaile to their
• ten ;'ears, during" the remaining reign of Alexander, the lunacy only. bestowed on me, and now you turn round and bring this
fellow-subjects, as best they may, a continued hostility
the Poles endured a constant succession of encroach- EXCHEQUER COURT—SATURDAY. charge, which bas no foundation in truth. • • tiOUNTRY CORN MARKETS DURING LA rEEg.
. ST li
--- , .
___
to the progress of .improvernent, and to the Dings
ments ard tyrennies upon their acknowledged rights.
. e. , ROLLS COURT. _..,__......---. . The complainant blushed, but made no reply. Wheat. Barley. Oats. - --------
1 '.leani. Ve3s,
The prisoner was remanded. _
Government—that Government having the support of They buoyed themselves up with the hope that in '
---,ea-- IMPORTANT TO THE TRADING CLASSES OF THE Per Quarter, s. to s. s. to s. s. to s ----- to ,•
the House of Commons and of the people. If this
some gleam of intellectual and political sunshine that TREZEVANT V. FRAZER. . METROPOLIS. . ' ' MARLBOROUGH-STREET. ()ROUGH- STREET. Catlisle----... 40 -28- 21 •4As" 4i
Ilexham...-.........,-;.: 33 40 25 26 16. -22 - -.....-- ' -,-4
course be followed with temper and patience, we yen-
Prince would return to the professions which lie had This case came before the -Court nearly a fortnight ago, Mr. Leslie, the foreman of the Jury, stated to the Lord Dennis Holland, a porter, was brought before Mr. DYER 111.irpetli-.......-....... 28 25 23 25 15 ou 32- '- 30
P mrith —......- 42 -
tune to predict an utter failure of the hopes' and ex-
abandoned—that he would rule ahem, not like serfs, and the arguments which, from time to time had been de- Chief Baron that be wished to make a representation to and Mr. CONANT for final examination, charged with having setileie -41-gd•" ' 21 - '3,1 ;5
pectations of the Tories, and a peaceful and speedy
but citizens—and, moreover, that he would fulfil ferred, were only concluded to-day. The case came before the Court on the subject of summoning Juries. He stated robbed his masters,' Messrs. Ridgway, booksellers, Picea- Winchester ....-.. !3241 , 27 34, I 2; g -4, 11 --_. -,
the Court on two sets of exceptions to the Master's report, that be_hadenamed_the matter to Mr. Baron Bolland on tli dilly, of books to a large amount ; and Mr. Peter Mudie calr'neirarilti
iretnlei. s4l stio :1.,d6 ,
.41.„,i. ,0. „0. .. 0. ,0, s:0
accomplishment of the objects of all rational Re-
the assurances repeatedly given of re-uniting the whole 29142000 00 00 :'0
taken by the plaintiffs,
.Fr. and Mrs. Tresevant, and by 3..,d 91 .k •ariber, but was not aware whether that Learned and Christopher Mudie, sscond-hand booksellers, in Prin- i3eierieee..-.....-- o o t! o 3 C.
formers, even with regard to the unreformed institution
of Poland, as • she existed before the first partition,o 0; 2 9 O5 6 0000 . lo
athe defendant, Mr. Frazer. Both sets, though they dif- Judge had had an opportunity to mention it to the Court. ces-street, and Mr. Jolly, second-hand bookseller, of War- . Newcastle ''Stall•) 6' 0 ti 93 6 40 3 0 3 4 5 0 53 0 0 1,;0
of hereditary, legislators, without qualification either of
to the territory of the modern duchy, which act, by feted in point of form, were the same in substance. The Lord. ABINGER—I have not heard of it ; perhaps it is a dour-street, were also charged with having received, '
I.loornteliallerton ....... ,tg 7;
,at g 4 6 3 3 4 0 5 a n i 00 - aso
brains or estate. Our correspondents send us amusing
combining tog 12,000,000 of Poles, would have facts, as they appeared from the statement of Counsel, were. matter that should be mentioned to some Member of Par- of the property, knowing it to have been stolen.ea part L 48 30 34 00 0l• 00 ‘,"O
ansea-=.— .5 6 5 9 2 9 3 0 2 6 3 9 00 , 0 0 0 0 ill
.Warwick ,80903046"03 • 3 5 6 6 1, . 0 0 •
descriptions of the means and devices by which been itself the guarantee for a system of government as follow :—The question which the Court had to decide liament. ' Mr. Phillips attended for the prosecution ; and Mr. ' Per 8011. • i -
the Carlton Club faction have been paving the way
compatible with their freedom, and productive of their was whether certain transactions between the late Mr. Mr. Leslie—There will be no difficulty in that ; because Clarkson for the two Mudies. Barnardeastl,..... •90120808 (i 4 6 7 0 -8 6•• 'OO °6
Durham ---..... '9 0 10 37 0 80 4 9 6 6 7 0 11); 76- ;ilia
of their announced advent to power. It seems national contentment. That illusion vanished—error Farquhar, of Fontbill Abbey, and his nephew, the late Mr. in the vestry of St. George, Hanover-square, there are , Mr. James Ridgway, on being. sworn, said 'he carried on Richmond —........ 9011 it 7-0 .804680 9 6 10 0 0 0 7,0
they have had their- emissaries and agents. in every ander died—and the reign of Nicholas and of terror George Mortimer, were in the nature of loans or gifts? 25 vestrymen who are Peers or Members of the House of the business of bookseller with his brother, at No. 169, 5t0ckt0n..................... 86 9 0 8-6 904050 8 (1 8 c 0
.0 -
____ —A The intestate, Mr. Farquhar, died in July, 1826, and upon Commons ; but, my Lord, I consider this is the proper Piccadilly. •The prisoner Holland lived as porter with them • WAKEFIELD CORN MARKET-Dee .4
___. . .-.... . • ••• •
' -at. -a-1-- i NT -..- —L.... al. ----: _ 1 __l t. _ Wheat, Red, Norfclk and Suflblk ...... ... -3. 365. to :.... 43i
. fine
~.:

Poland be once more rased against him, which ex-
plains, what nothing else could explain, the rage and
bloodthirsty spirit of liengsanee the natural efnet of
extreme terror which seems to have dictated every ex-
pression of the Muscovite. The Journal de Frank-,
fift, an organ of the Court of Russia, taken in. con-
nexion with the speech, never once attempts to shirk
the accusation of having violated the treaty of Vienna,
so that future political apologists for Russia had better
drop that sort of special pleading.. The Frankfort
article insists on the fact, that they" Poles have at all
times shown themselves averse to any Government, no
matter what, which placed them under a foreign
sceptre." What is this but an aggravation of the
cruelty charged against Russia, and another argument
in favour of the wisdom of those restraints imposed
upon her by the negotiators of Vienna, who knew,
acknowledged, and thus far respected, the patrio-
tic spirit of the Poles, and their inheront love of liberty ?
As for the monstrous notion promulgated by the Holy
Alliance, at the instance no doubt of Russia, that the
partitioning Poland would prove the best recipe for
destroying a focus of confusion in the centre of
Europe, let us ask, has the event confirmed any such
anticipation ? Has Poland ever been tranquillized
by the cruelties practised against her ? Has the peace
of Europe been promoted by this horrible invasion of
the most sacred rights ? Has injustice or oppression
ever proved a peacemaker? God forbid it should I
Then for the ingratitude of Poland to Alexander—the
ingratitude I of a captive towards his gaoler I How is
the charge made good ? Alexander, forsooth, in 1820,
made a speech to the Polish Diet ; for under the treaty
of Vienna Poland had a Parliament ; but the Autocrat
—" the happy accident "—reproached the Parliament
of Poland with sedition—too common in our days
—and for what ? Because, in the exercise of its in-
herent and undoubted rights, that national assembly
had rejected some of the bills proposed by his Minis-
ters, and were • thus accused of sedition for having
acted on laws which Alexander, in words, had
acknowledged ; and sois it ever with the best of these
barbarians—there is no reliance to be placed upon any
nromisc they make, or one syllable they utter. For
ten ;Tars, during" the remaining reign of Alexander,
the Poles endured a constant succession of encroach-
ments and tyrannies upon their acknowledged rights.
They buoyed themselves up with the hope that in
some gleam of intellectual and political sunshine that
Prince would return to the professions which he had
abandoned—that he would rule ,them, not like serfs,
but citizens—and, moreover, that he would fulfil
the assurances repeatedly given of ra-uniting the whole
of Poland, as • she existed before the first partition,
to the territory of the modern duchy, which act, by
combining together 12,000,000 of Poles, would have
been itself the guarantee -for a system of government
compatible with their freedom, and productive of their
national contentment. That illusion vanished—Alex-
ander died—and the reign of Nicholas and of terror
opened upon unhappy. Poland. That reign we need
not describe, nor the incarnation of delegated barba-
rity under the atrocious Constantine. The first act
of Nicholas was to dissipate all hope of rational or
tolerable government—one specimen of cruelty was
succeeded by a worse. He had been .deemed a savage
too unmitigated for the Russians—was indemnified
for the loss of his hereditary throne, by the vicarious
sacrifice of Poland to his ferocity. He left the de-
spairing people no refuge but in revolt, and that last
agony of nature is now cast up to them, as a justifica-
tion for heaping on their bleeding country fresh and
unmeasured cruelties. Of these the most horrible is the
deportation of thousands of Polish children, yearly,
monthly, nightly—torn from their paternal homes, and
degraded into a military slavery, through which they are
destined by the brutal oppressor to become hereafter
scourges of their native land. But of this devilish
system we shall give some details at another opportu-
nity ; in the mean time let us make one observation.
It has been always understood that to respect the free
institutions of Poland appeared to the Russian Go-
vernment a policy fatal to the maintenance of the
despotic principle over the inhabitants of Russia her-
self. " Therefore," say -the minions of the Musco-
vite, " we are excusable for enslaving Poland."
" No," says common sense, and she is echoed by
humanity, " it is a reason for not laying hands on
Poland at all ; she never invited you, she never
wronged you : your pretence is like that of a man who
murders his neighbour, because simple robbery might
be more embarrassing to him in the management of his
own concerns."—Tries.
The loss, and that within so short'a period, of three
vessels bound with convicts to Van Diemen's Land,
on each of which occasions nearly the whole of the
crew and passengers have, perished, seems to call for
some investigation. Had they been King's ships,
rigid inquiries before successive Courts-martial must
have taken place. As ships in the King's service—
even-on that ground only, laying out of the question
the common claims of justice and humanity, it is surely
fitting that a similar investigation should take place.
We are far from assuming or imputing blame to any
one, when it may turn out that no blame whatever
attaches ; but the feelings of the country, we appre-
hend, will not, and indeed ought not to be satisfied till
it has been publicly shown that due care has been
used, both as to the sea-worthiness of the vessels and
the professional competence of those to whose charge
they were confided. Those vessels are, we believe,
generally, if not uniformly, taken up by the Transport
Board, which we trust, be able to show that they
were entrusted to competent crews and commanders,
were in every respect sound and fit for service, and
furnished by the Admiralty with proper and authentic
charts. We repeat that we have no reason to suppose
that in any of these respects the fact has been other-
wise ; but where so great a sacrifice of human life has
taken place, and that in vessels of a country renowned
for its maritime skill, it is surely incumbent upon those
in whose department it lies to satisfy the public that
no blame attaches anywhere.—Morning Herald.
There never was a time when the cause of Reform
was in greater danger than at the present moment.
Under pretence of exciting sympathy, and raising sub-
scriptions in behalf of the Protestant Clergy of Ire-
land—left destitute, be it remembered, by the rejection
of the Irish Church Bill of last Session—the Tories
and their partisans are converting, not only their
taverns lint their temples into rostrums, for pouring
forth the most virulent denunciations against the Mel-
bourne Ministry. We alluded on Saturday to the meet-
ing at the Freemasons' Tavern, where the old, unmean-
.ing, and hypocritical cant of " Church in danger," was
pealed through all its variations on the tocsin of Tory-
ism. Yesterday the alarm cry was re-echoed through
several of the Churches, and .the ministers of the
Gospel, following the example of their Graces of
Canterbury and London, in appealing to their
congregations for commiseration for their suffering
brethren, in Ireland, endeavoured to awaken their
fears by the assertion, that a scheme was in progress
for the utter extirpation of the Protestant religion in
the sister kingdom. The insinuation was broadly
urged that the present Ministers are parties to the
plot, and ready, for -the sake of- maintaining- their
ascendancy, to fall
.down and worship at the feet of
Popery.- Such assertions are too monstrous to need
comment, and we mention them only to show that, in
the criminal zeal of perpetuating oppression and fraud,
or the equal criminal desire of usurping office con-
trary to the national will, there are men who will not
hesitate even to desecrate the temples of God by poli-
tical harangues and utterance of intentional falsehood,
for we cannot believe any rational man so besotted as
to believe it possible, that Popery could ever gain an
ascendancy in this country, which constitutes the bur-
den of the High Church declamation. With regard
to the Irish Clergy, we entertain the deepest sympa-
thy for their sufferings ; and in proport;on to the ex-
tent of this sympathy is our indignation, loathing, and
abhorrence against those men who first rejected a most
just and necessary measure, calculated as well to se-
cure them an ample provision as to tranquillize Ireland,
ant who next inflict further injury on that same Clergy
by identifying their cause with that of a faction whose
countenance alone is so associated with evil that the
holiest cause would, in the eyes of the nation, be dese-
crated by a connexion with it. If they could gain an
ascendancy what would they regard the risk or sacrifice
of human life, whether lay or clerical, in Ireland or
England? Nothing. Every impartial observer must be
aware of the utter impossibility of continuing .to levy

. .
.Our observations, on Saturday week, on the sub-
ject of the Tory intrigues to undermine the present
Government, and bring about another coup de tat,
bare brought upon us much correspondence and va-
rious communications. These generally confirm our
previous impressions and information respecting the
tietrerne activity of the enemy and of the general stir
amongst the Cossacks and Sutlers of the Conservative
camp, although we are, at the same time, happy to
feel assured that the mines laid .with so much intelli-
gence and skill at Court have exploded without the
slightest effect. Neither courtiers nor courtezans have
tucceeded in making out their case, that it would be
expedient, or wise, or sate, to run the risk of a dis-
solution, and a second re-action, for the grat.ifieation of
their revenge, or for the sole promotion of their ex-
clusive interests. So far, so well. We are safe from
immediate danger. Still the calm may be treache-
rous, and we must be on the look-out for squalls,
during every hour of the approaching session. We
rely upon the ,vigilance of the Reform Association to
keep their machinery in order, and ready for action on
Reformers of all css
`ae must
the-shortest summons,
recollect that the eyes of the country are pon them.
There must be the same cordial co-operation, and the
same disinterested sacrifice of individual views and opi-
nions, to a general and hearty support of the Govern-
ment, which we have no doubt the Ministers will have
a right to claim from the undivided popular party, by
• an early announcemeet of their measures of relief.
Nothing would seem more unwise than premature at-
tempts to interfere with the present constitution of the
House of Peers, on the part of Members not possessing
sufficient influence to insure a majority on any motion
for that purpose. The Peers must either abandon their
opposition to the principles of measures .sent up to
them by the Representatives of the People, or they
must be reformed. Heap cinders on their heads I
Dispatch the Bills in the House of Commons. Use
no threatening language to be taken advantage of
by the Lords as an apology to the country for then'
conduct, and leave their Lordships to reconcile to their
fellow-subjects, as best they may, a continued hostility
to the progress of _improvement, and to the King's
Government—that Government having the support of
the House of Commons and of the people. If this
course be followed with temper and patience, we ven-
ture to predict an utter failure of the hopes' and ex-
pectations of the Tories, and a peaceful and speedy
accomplishment of the objects of all rational Re-
formers, even with regard to the unreformed institution
of hereditary legislators, without qualification either of
brains or estate. Our correspondents send us amusing
descriptions of the means and devices by which.
the Carlton Club faction have been paving the way
of their announced advent to power. It seems
they have had their- emissaries and agents in every
Court and country in Europe, from Kalisch and
Prague to Madrid and Lisbon, who have been
employed to assure all foreigners of influence to
whom they could obtain access, " on the autho-
rity of letters from the Mike of Wellington" (Sir Ro-
bert Peel is rather chary of his correspondence, and
the Duke's name is a greater tower of strength with
Autocrats and Carlists), that the King had made up
his mind—that public opinion had changed universally
in England—and that the dismissal of the Govern,
merit and a dissolution of the Parliament would take
place before the end of the year. Letters were simul-
taneously despatched to their Members of both Houses,
and to friends who were to be started as candidates for
new elections, to hold themselves in readiness to set off
at a moment's notice. The Times, that veracious ba-
rometer of public feeling, announced the astounding
fact that a reaction had taken place in favour of
its new allies and proprietors. Sir Francis Bur-
dett was, induced—by what influence we will not
say, although we have a shrewd suspicion we
could point it out—to publish opportunely his let-
ter respecting Mr. O'Connell. In short, the plot
had the appearaece of being so well got up, that
we had some fears, at the moment, the main
link of -it had been well secured in the purlieus
of the Court, and we thought it our duty to sound
the alarm to all ranks of the Liberal party. Although
it seems there has been more smoke than fire, the one
seldom appears without danger of the other; and we
console ourselves with the reflection, that if we have
ascribed more importaece than they deserve to the
wretched tricks and intrigues of the miserable band of
Conservative place7hunters, who are eternally busy in
endeavouring to work their own ends through mischief
and confusion, this is not the first time we have foiled
them in their schemes, by a timely exposure of the
mean and base arts by which alone they can aspire, in
the present state of the representation, to a momentary
usurpation of the powers of Government in this coun-
try. The Times may persevere, in its plaintive
efforts, to ring in the ears of its readers Mr.
O'Connell and the Catholics—the preponderance of
Scotch and Irish Members in the Administration
—and the various points of division and distraction
by which its patrons hope to embarrass the Govern-
ment, and disturb the happy and peaceful condition of
the country ; but we hope it will permit us to draw the
distinction between its lucubrations—and .the effect
produced by them upon the admirers of its consistency,
and the real feeling and opinion of an honest and in-
telligent public. The Tories are what they hare ever
been, in all times and in all ages—servile courtiers—
or panders to the worst passions of the ignorant and
uninformed—as the worship of the high or the low
was most likely to promote their views ; unprincipled
and unfettered by any rules, or any considerations,
save those of self-interest and public plunder—over-
bearing in prosperity—mean and cringing in adver-
sity, and, when the good sense and restored power of
the people have reduced them to their natural posi-
tion in the ranks of opposition, as little scrupulous in
this age as their forefathers were in former ones, as
to the dirty paths through which they would pick their
way to the " crib and manger" of, we had almost said
(though a regard for his former services to the people
scarcely justifies us in using the term) their new ally,
. the Member for Westminster.--Morning Chronicle.
There was never a question on whiCh the minds of
men were more unanimous, or their better feelings more
excited, than on this which has now become a staple
subject of alarm and discussion in every family—we
mean the terrible series of crimes perpetrated by Russia
s• against the Polish nation. It is not merely because this
catalogue of outrages has been a disgrace to the age,
and an insult to every civilized commonwealth in Eu-
rope, that all people of every rank in society, and every
shade of politics, are now inflamed against their barba-
rous and unchriitian authors;—that moral ground of
hostility to the Russian Despot is not the only one.
The people feel everywhere—the people of J Great
Britain, France, and Germany—that the faith of treaties
has been tramniad on with as little seeming compunc-
tion as the laws of humanity and religion. The.people
. feel everywhere that it is not alone the wound thus in-
flicted upon the cause of freedom abstractedly, or the
reinforcement gained by that of arbitrary. power, in the
utter extinction of a martial and independent State,
which affects the welfare of all surrounding countries,
but that the honour of each particular Government, a
party to the peace of Vienna, the safety of the nation
represented by such Government, and the general
maintenance of law and justice throughout Christen-
' doin, are all concerned in the repression and puniSh-
ment of au attack upon an illustrious race of men—an
attack so fraught with wickedness, and so menacing
and dreadful as an example. The speech of Nicholas
to the municipality of Warsaw, the truth of which, at
first, few persons thought ill enough of human nature
to credit—that speech, which the benevolent speaker
nas• since had the frankness to authenticate—that
speech delivered in the blindness of imperial wrath, has
by a just dispensation of Providence been most benefi-
cial to the cause of Poland. It has powerfully
strengthened and corroborated the deep moral impression
existing throughout the world in condemnation of
Russia, and in favour of the Poles. Had no other

This case came before the Court nearly a fortnight ago,
and the arguments which, from time to time had been de-
ferred, were only concluded to-day. The case came before
the Court on two sets of exceptions to the Master's report,
taken by the plaintiffs, Mr. and Mrs. Trezerant, and by
the defendant, Mr. Frazer. Both sets, though they dif-
fered in point of form, were the same in substance. The
facts, as they appeared from the statement of Counsel, were
as follow :—The question which the Court had to decide
was whether certain transactions between the late Mr.
Farquhar, of Fonthill Abbey, and his nephew, the late Mr.
George Mortimer, were in the nature of loans or gifts ?
The intestate, Mr. Farquhar, died in July, 1826, and upon
that occasion administration to his estate was taken out by
the defendant, Mr. Frazer, one of the next of kin. Mr.
and Mrs. Trezevant, who were also next of kin, subse-
quently filed a bill for an account. In March, 1830, a
decree was made, which, after ordering the usual accounts
to be taken, directed that a reference should be made to
the Master for the purpose of ascertaining what part of
the intestate's estate was outstanding, and whether any, or
what, proceedings should be taken for the recovery of the
same. Under this inquiry a state of facts was taken in,
charging the estate of Mr. Mortimer with sums amounting
to 40,0001., which it was alleged he had received from Mr.
Farquhar. The result of this inquiry was, that the Master
reported that a sum of 20,0001. was only due. Mr. Frazer,
in his double capacity of administrator and next of kin,
being dissatisfied with the Master's finding, filed exceptions,
and the plaintiffs also filed exceptions. These exceptions
were now before the Court.
The case mainly turned upon the evidence as to the sig-
nature and handwriting of Mr. Farquhar, and upon this
point the evidence was very voluminous and contradictory.
Mr. BEAMES, on the part of the representatives of Mr.
G. Mortimer, contended that Mr. Frazer could not avail
himself of the evidence put in issue by the plaintiff.
His Honour the MASTER of the ROLLS overruled the
objection.
Mr. PEMBERTON was heard at great length on behalf of
Mr. Frazer, in support of the exceptions.
Mr. BICKERSTETII appeared on behalf of the plaintiffs,
Mr. and Mrs. Trezevant, in support of the exceptions.
Mr. BEAMES and KoE appeared for the representatives
of the late Mr. G. Mortimer.

Mr. Leslie—There will be no difficulty in that ; because
in the vestry of St. George, Hanover-square, there are
25 vestrymen who are Peers or Members of the House of
Commons ; but, my Lord, I consider this is the proper
place to make the application. As one of the vestrymen of
St. George, Hanover-square, from which parish this Jury,
and also the Jury for the Court of King's Bench are
summoned, I know that a very great deal of time,
care, and expense, are bestowed every year in fram-
ing (according to the Act of Parliament known as Sir
Robert Peel's Act) a list of men qualified to serve on
juries, all the other parishes in the county are required to do
the same. These various lists of jurors arc eventually
placed in the hands of the sheriff, and form what the Act
terms " The Juror's Book for the year." The parish of
St. George, Hanover-square alone have this year contri-
buted 2,138 names, and as the custom of the sheriff is
and has been to summon 48 jurors for each of the four
terms in the year, it follows that, for the Court of King's
Bench, the Court of Common Pleas, and your Lordship's
Court, St. George's parish alone could supply the whole
of these juries for nearly four years. Your Lordship will
bear in mind that all the parishes in the county are also
required to make an annual list of men qualified to serve
on juries. To illustrate the complaint I make, I submit
to your Lordship the number of days the forty-eight
jurors I represent on this occasion have served ; the 3d, 16th,
18th, 26th, 28th, 30th of November, the Ist, 2d, 3d, 4th
and sth December, in all eleven days between the
3d of November and this day. I need not point out to
your Lordship the great inconvenience and loss of time the
gentlemen of the Jury are compelled to submit to, with
some of whom their time is the only means of deriving
their income ; for example, professors of music, who can-
not perform their business of instruction by deputy. I now,
my Lord, call your attention to the Act of Parliament, the
6th of George IV., cap. 50, clause 15, which directs the
Sheriff to summon any number of jurors not less than forty-
eight, nor more than seventy-two. Now, I beg your Lord-
ship's attention to these words which follow :—" Unless by
the direction of the Judges appointed to hold the assizes or
sessions of nisi pries, or one of them, who are and is em-
powered to make a greater or lesser number." ,
Lord ABINGER—Then you wish that seventy-two should
be summoned, instead of forty-eight, so to divide the duties ?
Mr. Leslie—Not so, my Lord ; I go further than that,
with your Lordship's permission.
Lord ABINGER—To every writ of venire a pannel of

Mr. James Ridgway, on being sworn, said be carried on
the business of bookseller with his brother, at No. 169,
Piccadilly. The prisoner Holland lived as porter with them
for nine months, up to last November, the period when he
absconded. From certain suspicions which witness was led
to entertain, he was induced to ask the prisoner if he had
stolen any booksbelonging to the stock ? The prisoner re-
plied he had not. An investigation having taken place, wit-
ness discovered that the firm had been plundered to a large
amount. Witness went the next day to the auction-rooms
of Messrs. Grimston and Havers, and there found a quan-
tity of the property, which was subsequently traced to the
prisoner. Afterwards witness went with a police officer to
the shop of Messrs. P. and C. Mudie, in Princes-street, and
asked those parties if they had bought any of their publica-
tions ? Mr. C. Mudie produced a number of books and said
he had purchased them from Holland, who had represented
to them that he .was a bookbinder in Messrs. Ridgway's em-
ploy, and that he received the books in payment of his labour.
Witness asked if the books then produced were all that they
had, and being answered in the affirmative went away. The
next morning Peter Mudie produced 89 numbers of a work
belonging to prosecutors, which he hadpurchased from Hol-
land, but which he said he had overlooked the previous day.
Witness afterwards went to the shop of Mr. R. Jolly, but
that individual was not at home. The defendant Jolly
called in Piccadilly on prosecutor and said the reason why
he had not called before was, that he had been waiting
for his solicitor, who was at that time engaged. Prosecutor
asked him if he called about that parcel of books which he
had sold to a dealer named Mason for 31/. The defendant
replied he had, and added that he had bought that parcel
of books from a person in King-street (Holland) ' • that he
had given 24/. for them, which he considered to be a fair
price. Prosecutor answered that some difference would
arise on that 'point, and defendant remarked that if he had
done anything wrong he was responsible. Prosecutor then
asked him if he had bought any more books from Holland,
to which Jolly at first replied he had not, but afterwards
admitted he had. The prices stated to have been given
for some of the works were as follow :—Six volumes of
Canning's Speeches, new and uncut, 305., selling price
3/. 12s. ; Sweet's Hortus Britannicus, Bs., selling price
21s. ; Colling-wood's Life, 65., selling price 16s. ; and in
like proportion. The parcel of books bought by Jolly for
24k was worth about 65/. at selling price. A parcel
bought. by Peter Mudie for 4/. 'was worth at selling price
about 141. When the officer succeeded in taking Holland,
prosecutor told him not to say anything if he objected, as
all he chose to state would be used against him. The
prisoner however said he wished to relate the particulars of
his offence.

• WAKEFIELD CORN MARKET--Dec. 4
Wheat, Red, Norfolk and Sullen( ...... —s. 365. to —s. fine 435.
.--.Lin. and Cam.
-- Yorkshire —a. 375. to —s. fine 43"
----- white
Foreign, Ited —s. —s. to —a. fine --'•
White —5. —s. to —I. one --_-?'
Barley, Norfolk and Suffolk
Lincolnshire
Yorkshire Wold 29a. to 31s. fine 3d
Foreign
Beans, Old 335. to 41s. fine ---.'
•-•--..-•••• New
Oats, Potato —s. to 245. fine =Qs'
Poland —l. —a, to 24r.. fine 2tO•
Friesland and Small —s. 16s. to Ifis. fine '2o'
Mealing
Shelling
Malt —s. 365. fir.e 425. per 1,03c1"
Rapeseed —l. Os 361. Os. 401. Os. per Lsit"

•
SCOTCH MARKETS.
Wheat.- Barley. Oats. !scans. tiatine,
Aberdeen 25 to 30 21 to 25 14 to 10 —to 21 10 :3.2
Berwick 24 2; 15 .20 13. 18 22 21 2'3 ~
Coldstream - ~
Cupar (Fife: , 4 1 8 56 26 31 16 22 22 26 -- ~
Dundee
Elgin 4O 50 24 26 16 tit) 23 30 -.. ' 1;1
Inverness 3B - 40 28 20 21 24 32 33 -- ..,
Kelso 125 29 17 21 14, 16 19 21 -- 4l
Kirkaldy .1 37 42 23 31 20 23 45 48 43 -
Perth
IL--,-,, The size of the measure varies throughout the cottntryt.e/

EDINBURGI
We had a middling supply

El CORN
of all kind

RKET.
; of Grain tc

—Dec. `..1.
.day, and thi

te sales oe't

rather heavy.

Oats. Pease. Beanc4
22s Sd. 345. (Al. 31,•„
20 0 30 0 311 0
17 4 :.6 0
23

Wheat. Barley.
First 42s. NI. 30s.
Second 0 .23 0
Third 30 0 2:1 0
Average price of Wheat 1/
PRICES OF PROVISIONS, &C.
Beef, per 1b........ Os. 40. to Os. 6d.' Freshßutter, 10.1. to.s. iq
Mutton 0' 4 0 6 Salt Ditto... 0 s 0 0
Veal 0 5 0;9 Ditto, per cu 0 S 2
33- 0 5 Eggs, per dos. 0 0 1 6
Lamb, per qr. —0 0 0 0 OatStraw(kpl.)-- 9 0 9 0
Tallow, cwt.......... 33 0 37 0 Wheat Ditto—. 8 6 y 6
Quartern Loaf .... U5l 0 6 Barley Ditto 6 6 . 0
Potatoes, 141 b. ..... 0 :-f, 0 0 Hay, per 0 9 '

15s. 0,1.

Mr. PEMBERTON replied.
His HONOUR reserved his judgment.

THURSDAY.

THE LION ALE EREWERY.—BROADWOOD V. GORING.
This was a motion for the purpose of obtaining the sanc-
tion of the Court to the sale of certain partnership pro-
perty. In 1815 Mr. Broadwood and Mr. Goring entered
into partnership as ale brewers, and upon that occasion
articles were drawn' up, but not executed. By these ar-
ticles it was provided that the shares of the partners should
be equal, that both parties should give an equal degree of
attention to the business, and that the partnership should
continue for twenty-one years. Up to 1824 Mr. Broad-
wood continued, in conjunction with Mr. Goding, to attend
to the business ; but at that period Mr. Broadwoed pro-
posed residing abroad, and to allOw Mr. Goding 1,0001.
per annum, in addition to his share of the profits, out of the
trade, for the trouble and necessary confinement in super-
intending the concern. To -this Mr. Goding acceded, and
by his zeal succeeded in nearly doubling the profits. Mr.
Broadwood, in the interim, resided on the Continent, and
remained abroad till 1829, when he returned, and a settle-
ment was called for, but Mr. Broadwood declined making the
stipulated allowance of 1,000/. per annum for management,
and no settlement had since been come to, Proposals
were made for winding up the partnership concern, and Mr.
Goding expressed his readiness to refer the matter at issue
to arbitration, but to this Mr. Broadwood would not con-
sent in the form suggested, and filed his bill to have a de=
claration that the partnership was dissolved, and that the
accounts might be taken. Under these circumstances the
present motion was made to have an immediate sale of the
partnership property. In opposition to the motion it was
contended that as in the course of things the partnership
would dissolve on the last day of the present manth, the
motion was unnecessary and premature.
His Honour the MASTER of the ROLLS thought that the
best course he could adopt would be to let the matter stand
over to the first day of next term.

EDINBURGH MEAL
There was a middling supply of 04
sales were rat her heavy.

L MARKET.—Dec. 1. tije
atraeal at this day's market, a&

Per Sack of 280:1). Imp.
First Oatmeal
Second ditto

Per Stone of 141 b. Imp. g
First Oatmeal X() I Second ditto
Barleymeal 0 ; 4
Peasemeal
P25.—.3t1,14.5.--4th, 16s.—pea1)!_:/

Barley m cat 1 3 0
. .. ...

Peasenieal I 3 0

Pot Barley—N.. 1. per cwt. 10s.-2d.

GLASGOW CORN

jurors is annexed.
Mr. Leslie—l am aware of that, my Lord ; but I can
see no obstacle in the way of the plan I propose. Sup-
pose, my Lord, this Jury had served ten days, and a
sufficient number of jurors for three Juries were sum-
moned for each day the Court has sat, there would have
been 360 names on the pannel instead of 48 ; the first
36 names on the pannel would have been _for the 3d of
November, the second 36 for the 16th of November, and
so on ; each juror would have then only had one day to
attend the Court, instead of the whole 48 being required.to
attend the whole time. Then, my Lord, there is another
very great grievance to the common jurymen to be required
to attend the Court when Special Jury cases are ap-
pointed to be tried. If parties are anxious to have, and go
to the expense of having a Special Jury summoned, that
Special Jury ought to be compelled to attend, and the
Common Jurors set at liberty, to pursue their own business.
in no one case during the present sitting-of the Court, has
the Special Jury been made up without a tales being prayed
for ; in one case eight Common Jurors went into the box,
only four out of the twenty-four Special Jurors summoned
answered to their names.
Lord ABINGER—SO much the better, for the Common
Jury and the Special Jurors are liable to a fine.
Mr. Leslie—No, my Lord, the time of the Common
Jury is of more importance than any pecuniary considera-
tion ; and I know the Special Jurymen are liable to a
floe ; but in point of fact, have you fined any of them for
non-attendance ?

A moderate business doing in C
Wheat, per `2401b. 8. d. B.d.
British, old 210t0210

-- new l4O 190
Canada, free 2:10 25 0
Irish

Barley, per 3201 b
English 23 Q .26 0
Scottish 2O 0 21. 6
Irish

A long argument ensued between the Counsel as to the
admission of the prisoner's statement.
The Bench observed at present it would not be received
as evidence.

Mr. Ridgway continued—The prisoner then said that he
was walking down Princes street, with a parcel of waste
paper to sell for his uncle, when he was accosted by Chris-
topher Mudie, who said to him if the parcel had been books
he would have bought any quantity of him ; the next day
he stole a book, and sold it to Christopher Mudie, and from
that time continued to sell him stolen books ; while in
Mudie's shop Jolly came in, and remarked, on seeing the
publications, that they appeared to be excellent works ;
Jolly then went out at the same time as he did, and asked
him to take some brandy and water ; while drinking the
liquor, Jolly said, " Don't let them (meaning the Mudies)
have all the advantages, give me a turn ;" and lie would take
care nothing was discovered, as he would send the books to

York, or words to that effect ; prisoner accordingly got some
books, and sold a parcel at his lodgings to Jolly for 24/.
Mr. Mason, book-dealer, said he bought the parcel from
Jolly for 31/. ; the books were afterwards sold to another
dealer, named Cooper, for 36/. The prices marked at the
back of the works went for nothing in the trade. Publica.
tions could always be bought much lower in the trade than
they were marked. Scott's works, published at 9/. 95.,
could be had for 2/., and " Lodge's Portraits," published at
20/., for 6/. In witness's opinion the prices given by Jolly
for the books were very fair. He had known the brothers
for son-14_ time, and they had always borne a respectable
name in the trade.
. Air. Cooper, book-dealer, gave 36/. to Mr. Mason for the
books. This was a long price, but. he gave it because some
of the books made up sets of other books which he had
The prices given by Jolly for the books were as much, in
most of the cases, as he should have offered.
After the evidence of Mr. Havers, the auctioneer, who
merely pointed out the parties who had sent the books to
his rooms for sale,
Mr. Clarkson proceeded to address the Bench on behalf
of his clients, the Mudies.
In the case of Peter Mudie the evidence appeared -so
slight that the prosecutor consented to his discharge.
Christopher Mudie was committed, but the Bench con-
sented to receive bail.
The other defendant (Jolly) begged to be allowed to sLy
a few words in defence. With regard to the conversation
stated by Holland to have been held with them, he declared
it was an entire falsehood. The transactions with the pri-
soner were purely matters of business, and he had given
fair prices for all the books he had bought.
The Bench intimated their intention of also accepting
bail for Jolly, and then fully committed Holland.

• Lord ABINGER—If you place in writing the objections
and the grievances you complain of, and the plan you pro-
pose to remove them, I will take care that your statement
be laid before the twelve Judges, who no doubt. will be
anxious to do everything in their power to render the ne-
c2ssary attendance of the gentlemen of the Jury as little
inconvenient to them as possible.
Mr. Leslie—Then I have the permission of the Court
to make the statement to the Judges.
Lord ABlNGER—Certainly, and it shall be attended to.
Mr. Leslie—l beg to thank your Lordship for the kind
attention you have favoured me with.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION-HO USE.

A boy named William Nicholls, and a young woman
named Lydia Burgess, were brought before the LORD
M AY on, charged with having robbed Mr. Kelly, a printer
in Houndsditch.
The circumstances were remarkable as stated by the
witness. The lad is only fourteen years of age, and was
employed as an errand boy by Mr. Kelly, and the young
woman, who is about 22 or 23 years old, was servant in the
house. The former slept out of the house, but was in the
hr.bit of going to his work at six o'clock in the morning,
when he was let in by the latter. For some time Mr.
Kelly has missed sums of money from his drawer, but could
not guess how it had been stolen, as.the lock was patent.
He, however, took various precautions. In the meantime
the servant girl was discharged for laziness. Some money
which was marked by an officer was left in the drawer, and
soon afterwards it was found in the pocket of the boy, who
at once confessed that he had been plundering his master
from time to time of gold and silver' but solemnly declared
that he was induced to commit the depredations by the fe-
male prisoner, who showed him how to open the drawer,
and took a very disproportionate share of the profits. Upon
one occasion he stole a sovereign and a sixpence, and she
took the sovereign, and he was obliged to be satisfied with
the sixpence.
Mr. Kelly, upon hearing this account, caused the woman
to be taken into custody, and succeeded in discovering that
she had robbed him of some trifling articles, but could not
get any evidence confirmatory of the statement of the boy.
The old woman who nursed the illigimate child of the fe-
male prisoner, and who had a quarrel with her about pay-
ment for nursing, produced two plates, a cup, and a pair of
gloves which had belonged to Mr. Kelly, and which the
nurse said the girl put into the hands of her daughter.
The LORD MAYOR asked the prisoners if they had any-
thing to say ?
The boy said that he had been urged by the female pri-
soner tO 4is master 1.1.144§119iu412.4 thA

A WALKING GENTLEMAN.—A person of middle
stature commenced walking from gate to gate in the town
of Cowbridge a few days since, and accomplished the dis-
tance of fourteen miles in one hour and forty-nine minutes,
the roads being much against him in consequence of the
rain. On leaving the town, the next day, he walked into
a public-house, and called for a pint of beer ; after drink-
ing which (in the absence of the landlord) he " walked" off
with a great coat. The public are requested to be aware
of this " walking gent." . _

4.7
Wednesday evening, between six and seven o'clock,
two coaches, one going out of this town, on its way to Leeds,
and another coming, in, met at the top of Wade-street, and
came in contact. The pole and -Splinter bar of one were
broken, but no personal injury was sustained by any of the
passengers.—Halifax Express.
The celebrated Siamese twins, who landed at Dover
last week from America, after sojourning a few days at
Worthington's Hotel, embarked on board te Firefly packet
for Calais, on their way to Paris. St. Martin's fair com-
menced the day after their arrival ; but the young gentle-
men, it appears, are already in circumstances which place
them above itinerant exhibition, and consequently no offers
could induce krn to delay longer than was necessary their
.......
rump to fulfil an engagement at Paris,

evidence of the fact been forthcoming, it has attested
the :truth of every statement the worst and most
iroproachful to Russian character that had ever
t, Before transpired. It has done-more than this, for
am! threatening tone of the discourse
ri4m4:-,proved that there is a consciousness of in-
.aiiietinty -in the heart of Nicholas, a dread of re-
action, and a doubt of the result, should the arms of
