FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.

- -
(From the Gazette de France, Aug. 23.)
TRIESTE, AUG. 4.—Count Capo d'lstria did not
intend to go to Corfu, but to confer with Ibrahim
Paella at Navarin, with the Admirals of the Allies at
Zante, and with General Church at Lesina, from
which place he has returned from Piss. It is said
that his voyage and his interviews with Ibrahim
Pacha had for their object to persuade the Egyptian
General to leave the Morea before the departure of
the French Expedition, and to get all the fortresses
occupied. by the Arabs and Albanians delivered up
to the Greeks. It cannot be indifferent to the Go-
vernment to see the strongest fortrisses in the coun-
try in the occupation of foreign troops, who might,
perhaps, give it a very different sort of independence.
Admiral Sir Edward Codrington appears-to intend
to go to France immediately on the arrival of his
successor. It is said that among the reasons which
have induced his reed, is the indifference with which
he saw the Gieek prisoners transported to Egypt,
whom his Government is now endeavouring to

relieve.
The conferences at Corfu will begin in the middle
of the month ; people are very curious to see whe-
ther the Porte will send a Plenipotentiary. On the
part of Greece a deputation is expected, or the Pre-
sident
himself. The nomination• of a Commission
of Government at Poros, consisting of Conduriotti,
Saimi, Mauromichali, and the Count Viario Capo
d'lstria, to transact business in the absence of the
President,irenders thelatter conjecture very probable.
According to all that we learn, the Greek finances
are daily improving, and a new Government may
soon be able to meet its engagements. This would
be one of the greatest services that the President
could render to his countrymen. Another, equally
important, is the introduction of Courts of Justice,
and of a code of laws in Greece. A commission,
consisting of Lawyers, is said to have been already
appointed, to dlaw up the Code. Whatever pro-
gress the Greeks may make in civil institutions, they
seem but little disposed to submit to military or-
ganization. The troops, as far as military discipline
is concerned, are no better than children. Those
which are assembled at Eleusis, to the number of
'7,000 men, under the command of Ypsilanti, re-
semble a horde of Nomades, and have received,
with General Church, no idea of military discipline.
Those which are distributed under the command of
Colonel Heidegger, at Corinth, Micene, and Napoli
di Romania, are the only ones which have a regular
appearance.
AUGUST W.—The French and English Admirals
had on the 24th July, at Zante, another interview
with Count Capo d'lstria, who set out the next
day for Poros. The Admirals then sailed for Navarin.
PARIS, AUG. 22.--The German Journals give no
positive and direct information from the theatre of
war. A Nuremberg Gazette says, that the partisans
of the Turks at Vienna affirm, not only that Choumla
has not been taken, but hat the Grand Duke
Michael has been cut off there with his corps of the
army. On the other hand, a Berlin Journal affirms
that news has been received of the taking of Choumla
by the Russians, who are said to have purchased
this victory with the loss of a considerable number
of men, but that they found there a great quantity
of provisions, which proved a very welcome supply
to the Russian army, which began to be in want.
The second part of this piece of intelligence gives
revou to doubt the authenticity of the first, for all
the accounts from the Principalities and from Con-
stantinople, which we have received for the last
fortnight, agree in representing the Turkish troops
at Choumla as being in great want of provisions.

(From dm; Courier Francais.)
ENGLAND UNDER MR- CANNING AND UNDER

.THE DUKE OF WELLINGTON.

---
PARIS, AUG. 22.—The species of torpor into
which England has fallen—the passive part she is
reduced to sustain in the great drama which seems
preparing for Europe, deserves the attention of re-
flecting minds. Great Britain is more interested
than any other Power in the events of which the
East is the theatre. Her security, and her supre-
macy in the Levant, depend perhaps upon the war
between the Porte and Russia, and she may find
reason for alarm if the Eagle of the Czars should
replace the Crescent on the dome of St. Sophia.
Constantinople, in the hands of the Russians, might
become the cradle of a commercial and maritime
Power in the Mediterranean, which might rival
England. She knows and fears this, and yet
she remains at rest, as if completely overcome
with torpor. To conceal her feebleness, she
even applauded and connected herself with combina-
tions which excited her displeasure and her alarm ;
and she dared not even have an opinion of her own
No person is duped by the assent which the Cabinet
of St. James's appeared to give to our expedition to
the Mores. Formerly it repudiated the victory of
Navarin • it stigmatised has untoward, and revenged
itself en 'Admiral Codrington for the part he took in
it with the British fleet. Now it pretends to rejoice
at our crusade to deliver Greece from the last of its
executioners, and to lay the first stone of its inde-
pendence. The retreat of Ibrahim, induced by Eng-
lish agents, was designed as an argument to persuade
France to give up her expedition. France persists
in her project, and the English Government does
not even think of making use of its argument; it
consents to every thing with a good grace, and far
from opposing our projects, it is desirous of the
honour of being associated with us in our labours.
It offers us ships to transport our troops, an escort
of honour to our army, and in condescending both
to Russia and Don laliguel, in truth it is condescend-
ing to every one, and is every where a nullity. This
is the extraordinary situation of Great Britain under
the Ministry of the Duke of Wellington. We should
be deceived if we suppose that the financial, amines-
cial, and religious embarrassmeats of England were the
sole causes of her inaction. Her debt is, no doubt,
immense; but it did not spring into existence yester-
day. Under Mr. Canning s Ministry, her difficul-
ties were augmented, and a commercial crisis, which
threatened the public fortune, and with that all the
elements of her power. But the man of talents who
then held the helm of State leaned on the people.
He was the chief of the aristocracy,
itut whions with
He endeavoured to strengthen the English constitu-
tion by all the new interests and the legitimate in-
fluence of the democracy. Strong in the national
confidence, he neutralized all interior obstacles. He
intrapped Ireland wish the perspective
reoforms,,lif an ap-
proaching emancipation ; and by gradual e
allayed the danger of civil and religious dissensions.
114 Powerful hand directed the vessel of the State in
the midst of shoals and rocks, and he maintained the
preponderance of England in the balance of Govern-
ments and of people.
It is not enough for a new Minister to conquer a
majority in both Houses—he must also be supported
by it majority of the nation. Mr. Canning had such
a inajtasity ; the Duke of Wellington tries to govern
without Hence his perplexities, and the paralysis
which seems to have fallen on the power of Ediglatul.
Chief of the sNtilonasy Aristocracy, he carriad into
the Cabinet all t.te prejudices and passions of the
old Tories. His i.sresence has inspired a sort of
panic, terror, and pcblic uneasiness. Although
England has escaped the crisis -which threatened all
private fortunes with ruin, ohe seems to labour under
an extraordinary disease. She is occupied with her
debt, and speaks of it as if she had now to bear it
she assumes
for the first time. Ireland sees, in the. triumph of
Toryism, the threat o and ong slavery ;
her ancient enmities, seems ready to seize, by
force and sedition, concessions which she despairs of
,obtaining by constitutional means. Above all, it is
Iss the Foreign policy of the British Government
that the immense difference is manifested between
Mr. Canning and the Duke. The genius
,Canning had not only called a new world into
existence, and had made it a vast market for
English commodities, but lie had created for
England new elements of power and of continental as-
Pendency He bad saved Portugal from the ignomini-
ous scourge a a cruel and stupid despotism; he had

planted there the standard of civil, commercial,
and religions freedom, around which he had in-
tended to rally the nations, making Great Britain
the centre of civilization and of constitutional go-
vernment. He saw first the importance of the affairs
in the East; and the Protocol of St. Petersl3urghs
under his auspices, led to the Treaty of London. A
grand thought dictated the coalition of the principal
Cabinets in_ favour of the Greeks—the thought of
preventing, by the interference of the European
Powers, the isolated action of Russia, and of prevent-
ing all pretext for renewing the ambitious projects
of Catharine.—During Mr. Canning's life, Russia,
would have- deliberated lone before she had distubed
Europe by her armies, she would have remembered
the threatening words formerly pronounced in the
House of Commons by the Minister directing the
power of Great Britain. The world have calculated
the effects of an appeal made by Great Britain to
the diicontent of Europe, caused by the obstinacy
of its Governments, a maintaining abuses and re-
stinctions prescribed by our present civilization. The
Duke of Wellington has made the Cabinet of St.
James's the laughing-stock of Europe, by expos-
ing it to the delusions of Don Miguel. He seems
only to have protested against the usurpations
of the Portuguese despot, to give him the advantage
and honour of concessions forced from England.
He withdrew his Ambassador from Lisbon, but he
acknowledged the blockade of Oporto and Madeira.
Great Britain is reduced to lick the dust before Don
Miguel. In the East, Great Britain has no other
obstacle to oppose to the aggrandisement of Russia
than Sir William A'Court's diplomacy, who will
probably be present at the Emperor's victories, and
will send the bulletins of the grand army to the Ca-
binet of St. James's. Such politeness demonstrates
to what nothingness the most powerful nations fall
when their destinies are confided to men whose in-
terests are different from the public opinion. England
will not long consent to the humiliation of such an
Administration. The policy of the Duke of Wel-
lington injures the public interest, and wounds the
national dignity ; and against such a Minister oppo-
sition must arise on every side. A blow has been
given him by the resignation of the Duke of Cla-
rence, and he must fall, when a change in the throne
shall bring him in the presence of a Prince who has
beforehand condemned his policy.
FRENCH Futins, PARIS, Ana. 22.—Five per Cents.
107 f. 29c. Three per Cents. 72f. 60e. ; Bank Actions,

1,870 f.
FoxmcN FUNDS.—Neapolitan Renter, Falc. Cer. 761.
30c. Royal Spanish Loan, 73if. Spanish Perpetual
Annuities, 48if.

. .
that he thought proper, and yesterday he reviewed
the troops destined for the same expedition, and
was every where received with the greatest enthu-
siasm and joy.
His Majesty went on the 4th to reside in theßoyal
Palace of Neapidades, while some necessary repairs
were making in the palace of Ajuda. Yesterday
arrived the Princess Reyal frigate, which was sent
to convey the Captains-General to the Island of
Madeira and the Azores, and from which it has re-
turned, because the state of Madeira and Terceira
did not permit the landing of the two new Captains
General till the rebels were punished.

(OFFICIAL.)
LISBON, AUG. 9.—lt being necessary that the
property which has been or may be sequestrated, be-
longing to persons implicated in the proceedings
which I have ordered to be instituted on account of
the rebellion which lately took place in the city of
Oporto, and other parts of my kingdom, which has
been happily quelled, and also to those individuals
who have, without my leave, absented themselves
from the Portuguese territory, should be preserved,
so that they be restored to their owners, if they
should be finally acquitted, who ought not to suffer
loss or injury to their property, which would be ma-
nifestly contrary to the strict administration of
justice, which I always wish to be observed,—l am
pleased to order (here follow various regulations
for attaining the end proposed.)
The same Gazette contains an order, addressed
to Francisco Antonio Monteiro, Disembargador of
the Casa da Supplicacao, commissioning him to go
to the Isle of Madeira, to institute proceedings
against the persons, military and others, who have
dared to rebel against his Majesty's authority, and
are thus guilty of high treason, which it is necessary
to punish with all the rigour of the laws, and to vin-
dicate the majority of the inhabitants of that island,
who have always been distinguished for their, loyalty
to their sovereign.
LISBON, AUG. B.—To-day arrived here, amidst
an immense concourse of people assembled on the
Terreiro de Paco, the most Excellent Marquis de
Chaves, with the Marchioness, his consort. Nume=
rous sky-rockets were discharged, as a proof of satis-
faction at his arrival. Thus this Loyal Portuguese
is restored to his country, for which he hazarded his
life and fortune; and in the kind reception given
him by his Sovereign and the respectable Portuguese,
he finds part of the return u hich his countrymen owe
him.
