LORD NORBURY.—The following pun o,

this nobleman, who, if that Leviathan of Literature, Dr.
JOHNSON'S definition of a punster be true, ought to be ex-
tremely adept at " picking a pocket," is worth being re-
corded ;---During the period that Prince HoHENtoftx was
working miracles by post—when the Deaf and Dumb Asy-
lum trembled for its very existence, and a general bank-
ruptcy seemed to threaten apothecaries and physicians--
one day the well known Catholic barrister, Mr. SHIEL,
was employed in a case tried before his Lordship, and
pressed upon him an argument containing an inference
which his Lordship was not by any means willing to ad.
mit. "My Lord," said Mr. SHIEL, " I can prove it
numerically." " Oh, for God's sake ! don't trouble your-
self, Mr. SHIEL," replied his Lordship, "we've had enough
of new miracles (numericals) already." The strobe seem-
ed
to fall heavy on the little orator, and his Lordship heard
no more of the argument.
ANECDOTE.—A feeble old horse, which had
been a great favourite with the junior Mr. 13u axE, and his
constant companion in all rural journeyings and sports,
when both were alike healthful and vigorous, was now in
hise age,run of and
the
pr
on thek of
remainderhls
f his f
turnedout o
strict injunctions to the servants that he should neither be
ridden nor molested by any one. While walking one day
in solitary musing, Mr. BURKE perceived this worn out
old servant
.come close up to him, and at length after some
moments spent in viewing him, followed by seeming lieatease t, with
take
the ke
recol-
lection and confidence, deliberately rested its bead upon his
boSem. The singularity of the action itself, the remem-
brance of his dead son, its late master, who occupied much
of his thoughts at all times, and the apparent attachment
and almost intelligence
sympathize with his inward sorrows, , rushing at once into
his mind, totally overpowered his firmness, and throwing
his arms over its neck, he wept long and loudly.-.-Prior's
Life of Burke. of the poor brute, as if it could

'0( .1.
• 2' •
1-18\.:- • '4"'•
LA f trice,
•
COURT Agt
THE WATER jibx.66'lAtkpry 14D EGG.
Mr. TRESLOVE
ilkfo injunction to restrain
the Company froFt
o—fig -bp't ,:execution for their
costs incurred in t e trial of an issue directed by
lia
this Court to the Court of Exchequer, and in which '
Mr. Egg had been: nonsuited. He had been the
owner of certain premises in the Strand, which it
was necessary to take down in order to build
Waterloo-bridge, and the Company had offered him
4,9001. for them, which sum they considered to be
their value. Mr. Egg thought otherwise; a Jury
was summoned agreeably to the statute; and the re-
sult was, that they found the value of the premises
to be 4,7001., being 2001. less than the Company
had offered. Mr. Egg afterwards 'filed a bill in
this Court complainingof the manner in which the
inquisition had been taken, and which he contended
was jllegal 'and irregular. On the hearing of this
cause the late Lord Chancellor directed an issue;
and on the trial the Jury found a verdict for Mr.
Egg for 5,0001., but reserved a point which was to
be decided in the shape of a special case, When
that case came on to be argued, the Barons of the,
Exchequer gave judgment against Mr. Egg, and a
nonsuit was accordingly entered against him. The
costs had been taxed and judgment signed, and
ecution was now about to issue against Mr. Egg
for the amount. This, the Counsel contended,
ought not to be permitted, because the finding of the
Jury had been in favour of his client.
Sir C. WETHERELL and Mr. D. POLLOCK •op.
posed ihlinotion.
The EORD CHANCELLOR, was of opinion that there
was nothing 'in the case which distinguished it lro.n
others in which a party had been nonsuited. It
therefore refuses{ the application for an injunction.
HFfhl, ;Or
lIES AND BITt .

Mr. TEMPLE made a motion in the nature of an
appeal from an order of the late Vice Chancellor, by
which the production of certain letters was ordered.
A bill was filed by the plaintiff against the defendant,
a widow lady, possessed of considerable property, to
compel the specific performance of her contract to
grant the plaintiff a lease of certain milling property.
The defendant contended, that she was not forced
to grant him the lease, because he had violated some
of the stipulations made on his part, and on the faith
of which the original contract was made. The plain-
tiff, on the other hand, insisted that all he had done
was in accordance with tile spirit of that contract.
In proof of the point thus put in issue, the plaintiff
charged, that certain letters in the possession or
power of the defendant contained the terms of the
contract, and, if produced, would substantiate his
claim. The defendant, in her answer, set forth a
long list of letters, but alleging at the same time
that they consisted of a correspondence between her-
self and her solicitor and agent, that they were many
of them of a confidential nature, and therefore that
neither she nor her agent ought to be compelled to
produce them. Exceptions were taken to this.an-
swer, which came to be heard before Sir Anthony
hart, who decided that the letters ought to be pro-
duced. The present motion sought to set aside
- •
that order.
Mr. PEMBERTON was heard on the same side. n..

Mr. SUGOEN and Mr. JACOB contended, that it
was a principle always adopted and acted upon in a
court of equity,. that in questions of this nature the
plaintiff had a right to the production of all such in-
formation as the defendant possessed.
The LORD CHANCELLOR was of opinion that the

communications of the defendant to her agent were
not in any degree privileged, and that those of her
attorney were only privileged in so far as they re-
lated to the suit itself. He therefore varied the or-
der of the Vice-Chancellor, by ordering that the de-
fendant should produce all the letters mentioned in
her answer, with the exception only of such as were
addressed to him, or by him, since the suit was com-
menced, or in immediate relation to the suit itself.

VICE-CHANCELLOR'S COURT, DEc. S.
MALONEY AND MALONEY.
This was a motion for the purpose of compelling
an attorney, Mr. John Knapp Sutcliffe,- to deliver
up to his employer, a Mr. Egar, certain papers, &c.,with which he had been intrusted in his capacity of

solicitor. . .
Mr. SUGDEN, in support of the motion, detailed
the facts connected with the case. A Mr. Jackson,
who was very respectably connected, but who had
made his transit from this country to New South
Wales .in a manner by no means voluntary, suddenly
became entitled under the will of his father to a life-
interest
in the sum of 21,000/. vested in the 3 per
cents., and to other property, amounting in the whole
to nearly 50,000/. This money was charged with
.an annuity of 800/. a year to his mother Mrs. Ma-
loney, who had married a second time. It appeared '
power-of
that Jackson, upon hearing of this unexpected piece.
of good fortune, immediately recurred to his old
habits of profligacy and extravagance ; and having'
also engaged in some speculations of a mercantile
nature, he became embarrassed, and was assisted in
his difficulties by the house of Egar, Forbes, and •
Co., the principal merchants in New South ales,
To this firm he ultimately become indebted to the
amount of several thousand pounds. Mr. Egar,
mho was at the head of this house, had left this
country, as well as Mr. Jackson, under circumstances
of disgrace. The fact was, that about 30 years ago, _
he had been transported for forgery. It was not his
wish to evade this fact, for lie was justified in calling
this gentleman not only respectable, but upright and '
trustworthy; when' he found, that for thirty years his
conduct bad been so uniformly good and unimpeach-
able, that if any atonement could Le made. for an
offence like that which Mr. Egar had committed
(and he believed an atonement might be made), Mr.
Egar had made that ' atonement fully and amply-
Mr.Egarhad gained admittance into the first society
in the colony. He had been admitted to the table
of the Governor and of the Commander-in-Chief of
the colony; and by his excellent conduct had ob-
faropmow
tained a commutation of his sentence, with permis-
sion to return to his native country as often as it
suited his convenience. In 1821 he left the colony,
and came to England on business. Before he left,
stock
itoolvke vienr,pahyenoiebntttiionfedtfii•oemstJunackdsucen
ney, enabling him to receive the dividends of his
the firm of Egar, Forbes, and Co. He employed
Mr. Sutcliffe us his professional adviser,
d who had
continued to manage Jackson's affairs
pro-
secute the suit pending in that Court.'and to
Consider-
able sums had been received
under this power of
attorney up to 182,5; but in that year, some quell-
don having arisen as to
was thought advisable to procure another. Appli-
cation was accordingly made to Jackson for that
purpose ; and on the 20th of May, 1825, Mr. Egar
received from New South Wales, by the ship Hope„
a second power of attorney. This ewerof attorney
Was delivered to Mr.Egar by:s -I,jr• 11. Egerton, who
stated that he had received it from Mr. Jack-
son, and who, as, it appeared from the deed
itself, had witnessed its execution by Mr. Jack-
son at Sydney. This second power was dated
in January, 1825, and under its authority Mr.
Sutcliffe continued to press on the suit pending
1 in that Court, and obtained an order from the Mas-
ter of the Rolls for the payMent out of Court of the
sum of 1,060/. That order, however, was, 'level,
carried into execution ; for it appegied that Mr.
Sutcliffe had received a very extraordinary letter,
which induced him, as he said, to hesitate to exe-
cute the order. The letter was written by a Mr.
Hoskins, who resided in London, but who was a
partner in the house trading in New South Wales
under the name of Egar, Forbes, and Co. The,
object of the letter was to cast doubt on the auth-en.
deity of the second power of attorne-
y which Mr.
Egar had produced. Mr. Hoskins said, that no ad-
vices had reached England from
of a later date than the sth of
that this power, being
believed that either the New South Wales
of
dated in January,
the power altogether, Was a forgery,
ordinary letter went on to state, December, 1824, andea
1825, he
date of the power,y, that
ri,i or
iis' eXttr.,B;
that though
.1
tnoney hitherto paid to Mr. Egar had been taken
,

~~~-,

professedly for the purpose of liquidating a debt due
to the firm, yet no part of it had been re-ap-
plied, although more than sufficient to pay the
debt due by Jackson had already been received
from his estate ; that Mr. Egar had at an early
period been guilty of forgery ; and that that
fact, coupled with several acts of deceit commit-
ted by Mr. Egar since his return to, England, made
him (Mr. Hoskins) strongly suspect Mr. Egar'sgood
faith and integrity. All this, and a good deal more
of a similar nature, was contained in Mr. Hooking's
letter ; and the consequence was, that Mr. Sutcliffe
refused to proceed to execute the order of the Master
of the Rolls. Not only had he refused to do this,
but he had also refused to deliver up the papers to
Mr. Egar, who had employed him as his solicitor;
and Mr. Egar was therefore obliged to apply to that
Court, and claim the interposition of its authority, in
order to compel Mr. Sutcliffe to restore what he so
unjustly retained. These were the circumstances
under which Mr. Egar had the misfortune to find
himself placed. After commenting at considerable
length upon the merits of the case, the Learned
Counsel submitted, that the Court had nothing
before it in the way of evidence to refuse his motion
for the delivering up of the papers into Mr. Egar's
hands. This was the extent of the motion. Mr.
Egar was willing that the order for the payment of
the money should be suspended until the validity of
the power of attorney could be investigated.
Mr. RotwEr. followed on the same side.

Mr. HEALD, in opposition to this motion, declared
that Mr. Sutcliffe had resisted the delivery of these
papers under his advice as counsel. lie had felt it
ids duty, as the legal adviser of Mr. Sutcliffe, to re-
commend his taking the opinion of the Court before
lie subjected his professional character to any reflec-
tions in giving up his'papers, after it was positively
SNVOCU by Mr. Hoskins that his power mast be a for-
gery ; and he contended that in doing so, he had
ncted a wise and honourable part.

The VICE-CUANCELLOR thought the most remar-
kable thing connected with the case was, that al-
though the power of attorney suspected to be forged
seemed both signed by the same person, yet the
handwriting differed very materially from that of a
letter written by Jackson, and acknowledged to be
so by, both sides. He suggested the propriety of
allowing the matter to stand over until Thursday
_next, in order to afford time for their production.
As the VICE-CHANCELLOR was about to rise,
)Jr. WAKEFIELD begged to remind his _Honour
that the outer-bar had not been called upon to move
during the whole day.
The VICE-CHANCELLOR could not possibly help
that. The Seal had occupied several days.
• Mr. WAKEFIUD—And yet the motions were not
exhausted.

...... _
The IV iCE-CHANCELLOR did not see bow this
was to be remedied.

Mr. NITAKEHELD said, it was not for him to die-
' tate a remedy to his Honour, nor had he any wish
to do so. • He did not speak for himself individually,
but spoke as the senior of the outer bar then pre-
sent. In Sir Thomas P'—ier's time, the Court
called upon as many (i :r bar as were pre-
Fent, and then began with Cu:7! :fluter bar, which it
never left to return to the ;mice ;far until it had called
upon all the outer bar present. Sir John Leach
altered that practice. .

Mr. ITE,...LD said, it did not appear to him that if
that practice were recurred to, it would remedy the
;matter Irma. They could never get the whole of
ihe inner bar to till in.
The VICE-CHANCELLOR again intimated his inabi-
lity td.Apply any remedy to the inconvenience com-
plained d.

COURT OF KING'S BENCH, Dec. 8.
111.11tlaY L. REEVES.

This was an action brought by the plaintiff, to
recover the sum of 1051. from the defendant, upon
an nndertaking which he had given as an attorney.
The defendant pleaded he was not liable, and there-
upon issue wAs
The facts were. shortly these Irishman of
the imme of Shearer was some short time ago in-
volved in pecuniary diffiCulties, from which he sought
to extricate himself by megnm of the Insolvent Act.
A day was appointed by the COmmissioners of the
Insolvent Cote for the hearing of this petition. On
that day his discharge was opposed by the -present
plaintiff, Mr. Murray, one of his creditors; and his
petition was ordered to stand over for further hearing
on a future day, on the ground, as Mr. Attorney-
General stated, and as Mr. Campbell denied, that
he had been guilty of a fraudulent concealment of
property. Before the day arrived on which Mr.
Shearer was to be brought a second time before the
Commissioners of the insolvent Court, Mr. 'Reeves
cAlled on Ir. Murray, and induced him to withdraw
his soppesition, by undertaking, on behalf of the in-
Folvent, to allow him to be appointed assignee to
his estate, to furnish him with a copy of his mar-
riage settlement, and the names of the tenants of
certain houses Co Limerick which he held under it,
and to pay him slithin a given time the sum of
LAM for tho use of the creditors generally. That
time had now elapsed, ai:d not more than 20/. had
been paid 'to the plaintiff on Behalf of the insolvent.
The plaintiff was therefore undfr the necessity of
bringing his action to recover the baslanee due to him
upon that undertaking.
The ATTORNEy-GENERAL contended tii:.At the
plaintiff could not recover in this action for two rC..'l-
- :—Firs that he brought this action as assignee-
of an insolvent, without having obtained the consent
of the major part of the insolvent's creditors, as the
act required; and secondly, that the undertaking on
which the action was brought was contrary to the
policy of the Insolvent Act, and therefore void.
Mr. CAMPBELL, on the other side,contended that
the plaintiff was competent tobring this action either
in his individual capacity or in his character as an
assignee.
On the suggestion of Lord TENTERDEN,' it was
ngreo that the plaintiff should take a verdict for
1051., with liberty for the defendant to move to enter
a nonsuit, on the points just raised, or to make such
other motion as ha might think fit.
Lord TENTERDEN, at the conclusion of the cause,
intimated that these compromises, which put an end
to the. inquiries before the commissioners into the
property of an insOlVent,itere a species of contract
which in his opinion ought not to be encouraged,
nowieLL V. 13A 1110017.

Mr. CARRINGTON opened the pleadings. This
was an action of trover brought by the plaintiff to
recover
possession of a box of clothes from the de-
fendant, 'rue defendant pleaded " not guilty," and
thereupon isT.uc WIIS joined.
Mr. PoLLocg said tha the 1 ; tiff
p_a_n____ vvae a woman
in a low condition x. 4 life, who in September last
became a servant upon trial to the defendant, Mr.
Barnett, a gentleman residin in one of the streets
near Bedford-square. After She OA been in his ser-
vice for four days, she becatne disconteted with her
situation and left it. On the next day she pent for
,her clothes. Mrs. Barnett refused to deliver them
up without first receiving from her a tamith's wages,
on the ground that the contract between tbem was
founded on the principle of a month's wages or a
month's warning. In consequence of thAt refusal a
writ way sued out against the defendant, and imme-
diately afterwards, on the 30th of f.7.4eptember, the
plaintiff received from him the clothes he had de-
tained. If the costs which the plaintiff had incur-,
red at that time bad been discharged by the defend-
"t,-he would have heard nothingmore of this action.
The J4r7 returned a verdict for the plaintiff—Da-
Images Is.
Lord TENTLR,EN..This is a disgraceful action,
and ought not to have been brought.
"iLtirs e. JOSXPII.
Mr. CArtntticrosl opened the pleadings. This
was an action brought by
compensation in damage, the plaintiff to recover a
for the injury which he
bad sustained in consec.,.-na!( ! rlf sundry defamatory
words spoken of him :,y the,'
defendant. The de-
fendant pleaded thathe w '
i.-,","tgtri,
'witness called.lty," and there-
upon issue was was joined.
Solomon Solomons was *the first.
He was dressed in a white great coat, and wore a
oragin cap on his head all the time he was giving
fg

his testimony. His manner was very energetic, and
not a little theatrical; and his enunciation so rapid,
that the Court was obliged to stop the torrent of his
words on more than
.one occasion. He deposed as
follows :—" I know the defendant Isaac Joseph. I
must have seen him in the month of May last, because
I was in the habit of going at that time every day to
a place where he was. lam afraid that I -cannot
come to the particulars you Wald', without entering
into some preliminary discussions."
The witness here flew off at a tangent from the
question usk'd him by Mr. CARIZINGTONOVIIO was
examining him. Being called to order, he continued,
" I cannot answer your question, without giving you
some previous account as to

Lord TENTERDEN.—You can, you must, and you
shall.

The witness proceeded.—l understood the witness
to say—
Lord TENTERDEN.—You can't understand hint—
give us the words—what did he say ?
The witness proceeded—The defendant said that
Mr. Phillips, jun. had been With his elder brother,
Mr. Phillips, sen., to serve a writ, or something in
law.—for I don't exactly understand your law
phrases—(a laugh)—upon a lady, and that, whilst
Mr. Phillips, sen., was engaged in executing the
legal business, Mr. Phillips, jun. bad appropriated to
himself some plate that was lying on the table or
the sideboard, I cannot tell which; that the lady,
who had her eyes fixed on a looking-glass, saw him
pocket it in the reflection, and that the matter was
subsequently hushed up through the mediation of
Mr. Phillips, sen., the plaintiff's elder brother.

Mr. CATRItINGTON-6ive US exact words he
used.

Lord TENTERDEN-Why, he has given you the
words, and, with the exception of one point, as you
want them.

Mr. CARRINGTON repeated his question.
Witness—You put me to a hard task. You ask
me for the very words of your declaration. How am
Ito give them; if I meet you or any other friend
in the street, and you ask me " How do you do ?"
how em I to tell you three months afterwards
whether your words -were " How are you ?" or
" How do you do ?"—(Loud laughter.)—l have
not recollection for that, I assure you.—(Another
laugh.)
-Mr. GURNEY—What are you, Sir ?
Witness, with great pomp, and apparent self-
content, replied, " I am au imppovisatori. '—(Roars
of laughter.)
Lord TENTERDEN—Are you sure that the de-
fendant's words were " appropriated ?"
Witness—l can't say that they were ; but they
were something to that tenour.
The words laid in the declaration not having been
proved, the plaintiff was nonsuited.

GILKES V. BARFOOT.

Mr. WIGUTUAN stated the case for the plaintiff.
This was an action brought by the plaintiff, a man
in a humble station, to recover a compensation in
damages for a false imprisonment which he had sus-
tained through the malice of the defendant, a publi-
can iu Curtain-road, Shoreditch.
Two witnesses, of whom the watchman who re-
ceived the charge from the defendant was one, were
called to substantiate the plaintiff's case.
Mr. TALFOURD, for the defendant, admitted that
the plaintiff had been sent to the watch-house, but
not upon a charge given by the defendant.
Mr. WIGHTDIAN replied ; and after a short charge
from Lord Tenterden, the Jury returned a verdict
for the plaintiff—Dameges One Farthing.

ADMIRALTY COURT, DEC. 8.
IN THE MATTED OF TWO SLAVES NAMED JOHN SMITH

AND RACHEL.

This case which was argued in part the third ses-
sions of this term, it will be recollected, was an ap-
peal from the sentence of the Vice-Admiralty court
at Antigua, on an information at the suit of an offi-
cer of the Customs, who had seized the two slaves
in question, on the ground of a contravention of the
sLive laws. The two slaves originally belonged to
Mrs. Kirwanof Antigua, from whom the property
in them came to Mrs. liavercamp during life, and
after her death they (along with others) were to be
the joint property of her daughters. Major Watts,
an officer in a West India regiment, the husband of
one of the daughters, took these two slaves with
him as domestic servants to Gibraltar, where lie
gave them a certificate by which he liberated them,
as far as he was concerned, and they were sent by
General Don, the Governor of Gibraltar, to Barba-
does. On their arrival at that island, application
was made to Lord Combermere, the then Governor,
by the executor of Mrs. Kirwan, for their being given
up, and his Lordship accordingly sent them to An-
tigua, where they were some time after seized.—
It was contended, first, that the slaves, being free
Gibraltar, were induced to return to the colony
by the idea that they were really manumitted, and
that therefore their return was not voluntary. Se-
cond; that on their transit from Barbadoes to An-
tigua they were unaccompanied by the bond and
licence required by law, and were consequently for-
feited.

Dr. DopsoN (in the absence of Dr. Jenner, who
is still confined by indisposition) now replied on
behalf of the owners, who were the respondents. The
Learned Advocate admitted that the slaves were free
at Gibraltar. lie contended that there was no legal
fraud, as was alleged, in the removal of the slaves
from Gibraltar to Barbadoes. The instrument of
manumission was informal ; it bore upon the face of
it a doubt on the part of Major Watts of his right to
enfranchise the slaves. As to the possession of the
slaves having been given to him by the owner, and
thereby an implied power to manumit, it appeared
in the evidence that the slaves, whilst absent at Gib-
raltar, bad been so registered by their owner. The
Learned Advocate was then proceeding to argue
that the lapse of time put the appellant out of Court,
when
Lord STOW ELL observed, he 'should not decide
the case upon that ground. His Lordship then gave
sentence. This was as char a case as had ever been
brought before the Court. Tice slaves were not the
property of Major Watts or of his wife at the time
when the pretended manumission took place. As
the property did not vest in that officer, he had no
power of disposing .of it, On the death of the
grandmother, the property became tile mother's for
life ; the possession was vested in the executor. He
applied, us 90011 as he was called upon to assert his
claim, to Lord Combermerc. His claim waa ad-
mitted. It woo the law of the Colony, that an
executor should be ,entitled to the possession of the
slaves, responsible to the owners. The bequest of
the slaves had been made by the grandmother to her
daughter for life, with reversion to her four grand-
daughters, between whom the property was to be
equally divided; " and I cannot conceive," said his.
Lordship, " what right these people had to proceed
against the slaves, or to interfere in the matter."
General Don, who sent them to Barbadoes, because
there were other persons going there, sent there in
the most convenient way ; there was no occasion for'
two 44 three ships to be employed. They were
sent, pot to their place of destination, but
for convenh•nce to Barl,,adoes, where Lord Comber-
mer.2 had acted with respect to them in a discreet
and proper inauuer. He was not bound ho ;tatutes
respecting merchants; he was a cam-pander-in-chief
and governor. ." lam not," said his Lordship," to
watch sitar a transaction as this with suspicion. I
do not think that suspicion ought to be indulged
towards persons who • are appointed to those high
situations on account of their trustworthiness.
Neither do 1 see any impropriety in the manner in
which lie cat Tied the measure into execution. As to
his not consulting his law officers, lie did consult
them; he did not act on his own authority merely.
I see nothing in the esse)which is not perfectly clear;
I have not a single doubt upon the subject. I there-
fore pronounce against the appeal, and affirm the sen-
tence of the Court below.
Costs as in the other case.

IN nix MATTER. OV A SLAVE NAMED JACX
In this case the facts, which were not in disPute'
are shortly these :---The slave in question ran away
from Antigua, and entered on board his Majesty's

ship Cygnet Whilst that vessel was in the road-
stead of Antigua, he was taken out of it, with the
consent of the commander, who gave him up, and
he was returned to his owner. In January, 1826, he
was seized by the same officer who had been the
seizer in the other cases, and proceedings were
instituted against the owners on an information, in
the same terms and to the same effect as the others.
The Vice Admiralty Court had pronounced in fa-
vour of the owners.

Dr. Dons-o», on behalf of the owners, supported
the sentence. This was the case of a runaway
slave ; it was alleged that he was taken from on
board the King's ship in 1810; but he was really
taken thence in 1800; and the statute was not in
force till 1807. He would admit, however, that the
transaction took place in 1810. It was the opinion
of all the Judges m the Court of Common Pleas, in
the case of " Williams and Brown," that a runaway
slave returning to the colony he had quitted, might
not only be treated as a slave, but be punished.
The KING'S ADVOCATE, for the appellant, said,
that us this slave had enjoyed his liberty, had been
employed on board a King's ship, which was Bri-
tish territory, and had beeu taken thence by force,
he submitted to the Court that the circumstances
of this case distinguished it from the rest. The de-
cision, of the Court of Common Pleas was not to the
effect that slaves might return to their former state of
slavery. _ _

tord STOWELL—It was settled so.
The KING'S ADVOCATE—I iiubrait that it was
no part of the case before them.

Lord STOWELL—They had a right to decide it,
and they di..l decide it.

TheKING'S ADVOCATE.-1 do not wish to con-
tradict your Lordship.
Dr. LUSIIINGTON, on the same side, relied upon
the case of " Forbes v. Cochrane," in the Court of
King's Bench. This was no case of voluntary re-
turn; the slave had been forced from on board a
King's ship, in which he served. No such circum-
stance had occurred in any preceding case. The
decision in the present would govern future cases,
and if adverse to the appeal, would give the local
authorities power to take out of his Majesty's ships
of war any black slaves they might have in the ca-
pacity of mariners. In the case which he had quoted
Lord Chief Justice Best had it down that it was the
privilege of a British ship of war that the persons
on hoard it enjoyed the same rights as in England,
and he added, that if in the case before him any at-
tempt had been made to force the slaver from on
board, and death had ensued, the persons making the
attempt would have been guilty of murder. The
point in this case was of considerable importance;
circumstances might require King's ships to recruit
their crews with black seamen ; the consequences of
a decision in this case might occasion great danger
and detriment.

Dr. DODSON thought his Lordship would have no
dotibt upon this case.
Lord STOWELL—None whatever. I have no
doubt in affirming the sentence, They go back to
a history of twenty years of this man's life, telling us
of all his pursuits, and that he was a jolly fellow.
Had he been properly discharged from the King's
service, he might have been a free subject in virtue
of his discharge.
The KING'S ADVOCATE hoped that it would be
considered that his Learned Friend (Dr. Lushington)
and himself had done no more than their duty in
bringing these cases before the Court.
Lord STOWELL—Certainly. I have now, said
his Lordship, finished the review of the cases
brought before me. I have discharged them to the
satisfaction of my own conscience, though not per-
imps satisfactorily to others; that I cannot help. It
is •a duty incumbent on me to remind the parties
who bring forward these prosecutions, that it is a
matter which requires considerable caution, and more
than they happen to have shown in these particular
eases. I am unwilling to dwell upon the subject, and
I impute no improper motives : they have been mis-
led by their own views in proceeding to the extent
they have. His 'Lordship then adverted to anotller'
matter of complaint,—the want of information to
which *be whole case was subject, .owing .!;:bl;ab-
Bence of the necessary papers, which eisebahbased
the laborious and painful inquiry which the Court
bad to go through. if nay similar case should again
arise, his Lordship hoped that the Court would 'be
furnished in proper time with the proper evidence
to guide it. His Lordship repeated his satisfaction
at closing the subject.
Dr. DonsoN stated, that another question re-:
mained—whether the slaves were to be restored, or
their value. _ _

Lord STownu.—Don't lot me Lave any more
questions, I beg.
. .

THE MALTA.

This was a suit for wages, instituted by John
Walker, the mate of the Malta, Captain Young,
which vessel was condemned by the Vice-Admiralty
Court at Sierra Leone, for slave trading, for which
offence the Captain was tried at the Admiralty Ses-
sions in Oct. 1826, and acquitted. The vessel has
been sold, and the proceeds are in the registry, pend-
ing the result of an appeal to this Court.
Dr. Dopsolv, for the owners, offered an allegatioa
exceptive to the testimony of two witnesses.
Dr. LusnmvroN, for 'the mariner, opposed. its
admission, and complained of the delay of the
suit on the part of the owners.
The Cowl/. rejected the allegation, but rescinded
the conclusion of the cause, to admit the evidence
and the former allegation.
The KING'S ADVOCATE, on the part of the cap-
tors, moved the Court to permit the sum of 15n1. to
be paid out of the proceeds, for the expencee in-
curred in removing the vessel to England.
Dr. LUSHINGTON, who \vas Counsel for the
owners in this motion, opposed it as irregular and
unjust.
The COURT refused the motion till the hearing of
the cause.

The first Salisbury Ball for the season was
held at the Assembly Rooms on Wednesday evening', and
was attended by most of the principal families of the neigh-
bourhood.—Dorset Chronicle.

FRENCH PARTRIDGE NATURALIZED.--
By the following statement we come to the conclusion,
that the attempt to breed the French or red legged par-
tridge in this country has proved successful. On Monday,
the 12th tilt. a sportsman of Newbury, wounded and cap-
to a
andw ond-
tured, upon the Manor of Combe, Hants, a very singular
though beautifully-coloured partridge. The bird is of the
usual size of partridges, the beak and feet deep red, the
neck encircled with cuckoo-coloured pen-feathers, the breast
wood-
pigeon; bvewithusofbtack, sky-blueand tail
each side of the breast the feathers are completely varie-
gated. Indeed this little stranger, take it all in all, is far
more handsome than that beautiful bird the..pheasant. The
alie feathers,
u similar
partridge{ilar
bird is recovered from its wound, and is now in the posses-
sion of Mr. Barn), of Newbury.—Berks Chronicle.

SUPERIS SADDLE.—At the last siege of
flliurtpore, when that redoubted fortress, which had suc-
cessfully resisted all previous attacks, and had been deemed
impregnable by the whole native population of India, was
reduced by Lord COSIBERMEILE and his gallant army, the
state saddle of the usurper DooaJuN SA UL fell into the
hands of a young and meritorious officer, the son of a re-
spectable merchant of this city, who transmitted the trophy
to his father as a monument of the achievement in which La
had participated: Soon after its arrival we were favoured
with' an InSpecticn of this highly curious and interesting
piece of workmanship; aril we can safely way it is the
nof the kind we ever had an Opportunity
iofosset superbeing.ltinling
form it somewhat resembles that of the
saddles used by the 51ameliikes ; the neat is of rich crim-
son velvet, stuffed with the finest cotton ; the ponnuel,
which is considerably raised, and ornamented with a figure
somewhat resembling the pendulous ears of an elephant, is
of silver inlaid with gold ; the posterior part is also of silver ;
the flaps and breast-plate are composed of stuff richly em-
broidered iu silver ; in short, it is altogether a magnificent
thing, and when we consider to whom it belonged, and
tinder what eircurnstanc!rn it was obtained, fully as carious
as magnificent. .
as the liar*, and the stirrup. themselves
The 41,111p-straps were of the same richly
embroidered stud
Of massive silver ; but they have unfortunately disappeared.
This interesting relic deserves the immediate attention of
the Society of Scottish Antiquaries, who, we trust, will
not lose a moment in securing it for their valuable and
daily increasing collection of raritim. Caledonian Mem.

FOREIC4N IN'TELLIGTNCE

FRENCH I'M 'RRS. .
(From the Gazette de France of Saturday.)

We take the following from the A uysb4eph Gazette :
ODESSA, Nov. 16.—The letters from Constantinople of
the I I tlr confirm the news that the Porte is preparing to
answer by an energetic resistance to the measures of inter-
vention resolved on by the Powers ; but when we think on
the means which it has at its disposal, we can scarcely
imagine that they can lead to any result. The greatest
tranquillity had prevailed up to that time at Constanti-
nople, and the embargo on the ships of the three Powers, a
measure which it has considered as hostile, wits tire only
act of reprisal that had been executed. Our commerce in
the Mediterranean will suffer severely by it.
It is believed here that the army will soon pass the Pruth
with the consent of the other Powers, and that the occupa-
tion of the two Principalities must be considered as an
European measure which cannot give them any uneasiness.
JASSY, Nov. 10.—The Russian Commissioners have
just arrived here, who are appointed to settle the demarca-
tion of the frontiers according to tLe stipulation of the Con-
vention of Akermann. A Russian messenger has passed
through this city, on his way to Bucharest.

Nov. 16.—1 t is affirmed that a Hatti Scheriff of the
Sultan has been received, which orders the Mussulnians to
rise en masse. " Our hereditary enemies, the Russians,"
says this document, " must not escape the punishment
which they have merited; and every good Mutsulman will
feel it to be his duty to inflict just vengeance on them."—
Hitherto the Hospodar has hesitated to publish this doeu-
ment ; the vicinity of Russia imposes on the Authorities
of the two Principalities the greatest prudence in the'
execution of the orders which they receive from. Constan-
tinople. The llnssi,m army is so concentrated as to be able
to march on the shortest notice. It is said that in this
case, the command will be taken by Count Wororixow, who
is expected irons St. Petersburgh at Kischenoff.

ltuctiAwtsT, Nov. 14.—According to'the last accounts
from Constantinople, the Ambassadors of the three AI
Powers Were still in that city ou the I I tit, and seemed to
be engaged on the answer to a note from the Porte, which
they had received on the Bth. It was not known whether
they would ask for their passports after deliverk their
reply, or whether they would wait for further instructions
from their Courts ; it was thought, however, that they
would consider it incompatible with their dignity to remain
any longer at a Court where their mission might be con-
sidered as terminated.

The Plenipotentiaries of Prussia and Austria, and dime
of the Powers of the second rank, continued their inter-
course with the Porte, and did not seem to be making any
preparations to depart. The Porte was snaking the most
serious preparations. The public officers and functionaries
of every rank had assumed the military habit to comply
with the general appeal. The Janissaries in the fortresses
on the Danube were to be immediately assembled on that
line. Fresh troops had been sent to Redschsd Pacha
with orders vigorously to support the operations of Ibrahim.
Nov. 20.—The Ilospodar has to-day received news ac-
cording to which the three Ambassadors quitted the (vi-
tal on the 15th. The Porte in its answer to their last joint
note, is said to have demanded an indemnity for the dis-
asters at Navarin, the suspension of the executive measures
of the 6th July, and a reparation for the infraction of the
law of nations.

PIOUS, Dae. have not received from our cor-
respondents any news from Constantinople of a later date
than up to the l2th. The result of the interview of Count
Guillewinot with the Nis Etlluidi was looked forward to.

The van-guard of the Russian army entered Twirls on
the 24th October. It took prisoner Maysn Khan, who
is considered as the chief author of the war.

(From the Quotidivine.)

MADRID, Nov. 26.—The insurgent leader, named Es-
eudero, many of whose followers had been taken and shot
at Alcala, is now a prisoner, and will soon suffer the punish-
ment due to hie crimes.

It is said that the Duke of San Carlos, our Ambassador
to Paris, will immediately receive instructions to demand,
in concert with certain foreign Diplomatists, the evacua-
tion of Spain lay the French troops.
(From the Constitutionnel. )

MADRID, Nov. 26.—There 18 D. report here that a
regiment of infantry, in garrison at Grenada, hare de-
serted to the Carlists of Catalonia.

The Royalist volunteers of many towns have addressed
the King, praying that he would change his Ministers.
There is a great dispute going on at Tarragona, where
two Priests, a Canon and a Monk, have been condemned
by the Secular Authority. .-The Ecclesiastical Authority
refuses to degrade these individuals, and without this for.
reality of degradat*na no Ecclesiastic can be subjected to
the punishment of death, or any other punishment either
painful or ignominious. It is said that the Count d'Es-
pagna has determined to dispense with the formality, a
thing without auy precedent in Spain.
A Council of Ministers was held on Saturday, the object
of which is said to have been to devise means for raising
money to provide for the necessities of the State.
(From the Journal des Debuts.)

PARIS, Nov. B.—lt appears from the examination of
the results of tho last elections that out of 428 Deputies,
which compOse the new caumber, only tBl formed part
of the old, and that there are full 247 ne,7 Deputies.
Deputies Deputies.
re-elected. new. Total.
By the 247 Colleges of Arrondisse-

nit

'79 Ditto of Departments 82 88 165
6 Ditto Unique 9 7 16

,t4l 428

Of the 332 Presidents of the Colleges of the Arrondis-
sements and Departments, 50 were Peers of France ; and,
consequently, the number of Presidents as candidates was
reduced to 282, of which 119 only were elected.
47 by the 247 Colleges of the Arrondissement.
73 by those of the Departments.
3 by the Colleges Uniques.
. _ _

163 Candidates out of the 282 have not been elected.

All the Opposition Deputies who sat in the former
Chamber, amounting to 81, hare been re-elected, with the
exception of 10. Thus, of the 181 Ancient Deputies, 71
are of the Opposition, and 110 Ministerialists ; of the
157 new Deputies, named by the Colleges of the Arron-
dissements, there are reckoned 137 of the Opposition, and
20 Ministerialists ; of the 83 new Deputies, named by the
departments, they reckon 52 of the Opposition, and 31
Ministerialists.
' In fine, of the seven new Deputies, named by the Col-
leges Unique, five are reckoned for the Opposition, and two
for the Ministers.
So that the new Chamber is as follows :--
_ _

Opposition. Ministry. Total.
Late Deputies re-elected 7l 110 181
New Deputies.
In the Colleges of the Arron-

dissements
In the Colleges of thQ Depart-

meats
In the Colleges of the Uniques 5 2 7

Total 26b 163 428
Out of which we must deduct
for double nominations 2B 1 29

There will remain on opening
the Chambers 237 162 399
(From the Gazette de France, of Dec. 9.)

FRANK: oar, Dac. 4.—lt was in consequence of the
complaints made by the Legations of France, England, and
Russia, to the Diet at Frankfort, that the journal of this
city was obliged to insert the declaration in reply to its ob-
servations on the three European Admirals.
PARIS, DEC. B.—The Moniteur of to-day publishes a
Royal ordinance respecting the rules to be followed in our
colonies for the acceptance of donations and legacies in
favour of the churches, the poor, and public establishments.
In conformity with the King's intention, the officers and
corps of the division of Barcelona are now re-entering
France, as we have announced ; and as soon as they have
arrived place themselves on the peace establishment. The
general officers, the officers of the staff, &c., receive the
Perpignan notice of the destination assigned them by the
Minister of War.—Echo du Midi.

Seguier, first President, after opening yesterday the
sitting of the first Chamber of the Royal Court of Jus-
tice, repaired to his Cabinet, where the preliminary pro-
ceedings relative to the events of the 19th and 20th of No-
vember were continued. A great number of witnesses
were heard, and a great Many more remain to be exa.
Wined.

LIES OP TIIE DAY.
The Courier ..Praneuis.—.—,, MeAsrs. de Pastoret and de
Martinac have refused to enter into the Ministry.
" Four of the Alinisters have tendered their resigna-
tions, Esc.
The King has accepted all these resignations, and has
chosen the Prince de Polignac to organise a new ;Ministry."
(The Gazette de France doers not contain any intelli-
genes whatever respecting Turkey.)

(From the Quotidionne.)

PARIS, nEc. B.—Letters from Alexandria in Egypt,
which have leached Marseilles, Announce that the Iva.

~,;;t.

ctu have apin revolted against the Paella of Egypt.
Somr troops which were sent against thew have been
beate.

Ar•ording to letters from Corfu, of the Ilth November,
Ibrairn Paella, since the battle of Navarin, has been en-
camyenear sfodon, where he remained in a state of
inaction.

(Front the Constitutionnel.)

13.trus,JtC. 8.--There is a report this evening in the
political treks about a change of Ministry. The change
spoken of could be merely a continuation of the Ministry
of M. Villet. We feet some difficulty in giving credit to
a report what includes the names of individuals whose ac-
cession to rich a coalition would deprive them of all that
public esteem Nhich they have been labouring for some
years to olutin.

i (Front the Journal des Davis.)

PAatef,DECEMBER B.—;-The inquiry relative to the
events o the 19th and 20th is going on with activity.
There ar great many depositions yet to be taken. The
inquiry 14nincipally directed to ascertain whether the gen-
darmernond the troops of the line', before they fired, sum-
moned trt assembled multitude to disperse, according to
the formprescribed by law. These who were arrested, as
well as tae inhabitants of the Rue St. Denis, declare they
heard n( summons.

The 4dy of the late Baron de Stael has been safely
deliveretfof a son. It is a subject of rejoicing that a name,
having s 4 many titles to glory, is not likely to become
extinct.

. The return to the Catalonian division of the French
troops commenced on 6.: ',Moth November, on which day
the 41st regiment of infantry entered Perpignan.

THE BATTLE OF NAVARIN.

(From the Gazette de France.)
RUSSIAN OFFICIAL ACCOUNT.

(Extraordinary Sapplament of the Journal de St
retersburgh.)

Sr. PErEnsawacit, Nov. 20.—An estafette from Flo-
rence has just brought the official news of a great naval
battle fought between the united squadrons of Russia, Eng-
land, and France, and the Turco-Egyptian fleet, on the 20th
October last, in the Bay of Navarin.

Ibrahim i'acha had entered into an engagement with Sir
E. Codrington and M. de Rigny, commanding the naval
forces of France awl England in the Archipelago, to ab-
stain from all acts of hostility till the receipt of orders he
was to obtain from Constantinople and Alexandria. As
early as the 15th of Oatsbar he violated his engagement,
but the bold manoeuvres of Sir E. Codrington obliged him
to re-outer Navarin with Lis whole fleet. The details of
this first advantage, due to the firmness of the English
Admiral, have already been made known to the public.
On the 16th of OCtober the Russian squadron, commanded
by Rear-Admiral Count Heiden, effected its junction with
the English and French squadrons before Navarin ; but it
appears that from the time of his re-entrance into that
port, Ibrahim Pacl,s Peremptorily rejected all proposals
for en. armistice.

In order to ensure t:,e overtures they had made him a
more favourable resntion, the three Admirals on the 20th
of October adopted the bold resolution of entering into the
Bay of Navarin itself, without, however, coming to'blows,
or al.Alolwitilied ng2oth themselvesof October, at two o'clock in the afternoon
the'
Allied
Squadrons
to con
s entereidmtihteanpyorlsiosituiletwac.
ot
On
columns.
The hue to windward was composed of English and French
vessels, the other was formed by the Russians. The Asia,
having on board Admiral Codrington himself, led the way,
and quickly cast anchor between an Ottoman vessel bear-
jog the flag of the Capitan Bey, and that of Moliarem, who
commanded the Egyptian fleet. On seeing the movement
of the Allied Squadrons, the Ottomans ranged themselves
in line of battle. Their line firmed a vast crescent ; their
largest vessels placed themselves in the centre, the lighter
vessels filling up the intervals. Sir Edward Codrington,
however, animated with an ardent desire to avoid blood-
shed, had given all the Allied vessels orders, which were
strictly observed,' not to begin the fire ; and wishing
to engage Ibrahim Pacha to establish a de facto armistice,
which had been proposed to him conformably to the stipu-
lations of the Treaty of London, he sent Lieutenant Fitz-
roy, of the English frigate the Dartmouth, with a flag of
truce. But when the boat of that officer approached an
Egyptian vessel, a discharge cf musketry upon her killed
Mr. Fitzroy, awl several of those who manned the
boat. Almost at the -same time some balls struck
the Sirene, which bore the flag of Vice-Admiral De
Rigny. The latter replied by a discharge of cannon, And
in a moment the battle became general. The three
squadrons and their commanders rivalled each other in
bravery, and we have the satisfaction of announcing, on
the testimony of Sir E. Codrington, that the conduct of
Count Heiden and M. de Rigny was admirable. For some
time the vessel commanded by Moharem Bey took no share
in the action, but at the instant that Sir E. Codrington
sent him his pilot to assure him that be would not be at-
tacked, the Egyptian Admiral suddenly opened his fire.
His vessel, and that bearing his colleague, the Capitals Bey,
were soon entirely destroyed by the Asia. This vessel had
much to suffer after this, finding herself engaged between
the second and third Egyptian hoe. For four hours a ter-
rible cannonade was kept up without interruption. Never-
theless, although superior in number, the Turco-Egyptian
fleet were unable to resist the Allied Squadrons. Fright-
ful explosions were soon heard. The Ottoman ships blew
tip one after the other, their crews being unable any longer
to manage them, and setting fire to them with their own
hands. Towards evening the Turco-Egyptian fleet was
almost annihilated. The Allies, on their side, have expe-
rienced some serious losses. The Asia, the Albion, and
the Genoa, English ships of the line, are so much damaged
that Sir E.lCodrington is obliged to send them to England.
Captain Bathurst, of the Genoa, is among the dead. The
other details of this victory, especially those concerning the
losses of the Russian and French squadrons, have not
reached us. As soon as we have them we will hasten to
communicate them; but in order that .the results of the
battle of Navarin may be appreciated, we will give here the
state of the respective forces before and after the events of
the 20th October.

Ist—Combined Fleet—Russians, 4 ships of the line, 3
frigates; English, 3 ships of the line, four frigates, 1 cor-
vette, 8 brigs ; French, 3 ships of the line, 2 frigates, 2
schooners.
2d—Turco-Egyptian Fleet before the Action-3 ships
ships of the line wrecked on shore ;
of the line, of 150 men each ; 4 double Egyptian frigates,
of 500 men ; 19 frigates, 15 Turks and 4 Egyptians, 450
men eachbTa
c4eod2-
E gcorvettesfrigatepti
ans u;Fn
kll
e 4:
tbsri
afterg s,4t
frigatesTurkse A
10
double
-banked
eeltai andt° tn—r e 11
of
gate stranded, with her masts standing; 15 corvettes
burnt and sunk ; 1 corvette knocked to pieces ; 4 corvettes
stranded ; 4 corvettes leaky, and abandoned ; 9 brigs burnt
and sunk ; 1 brig stranded with her masts sunk ; 4 brigs
leaky and abandoned ; 6 fire-
ships and 3 transports de-
stroyed.
We should think ourselves wanting in the duties of the
roost legitimate gratitude did we not add that the conduct
of Sir E. Codrington is above praise. By his resolution,
the boldness and ability of hie rnanceuvres, he has taken
his place in the list of those •seamen whose names his
country justly cite with pride.

(From the riampshire Telegraph. )
We have this morning received letters from our Corre-
spondents at Malta, via Genoa, which furnish many inte •
resting particulars of the battle of Navarin, as well as of
the antecedent occurrences, and supply a deficiency in the
London Gazette account of the action—the loss of the
Russians in the engagement. The following are extracts
MALTA, Nov. 6.—The battle of Navarin, fought on
the 20th October, offers a fair field for an interesting nar-
rative ; and I shall endeavour to give you one, though the
accounts of the force of the Turco-Egyptian fleet vary so
much, that it is quite impossible for me to vouch for the
correctness of my statement as far as that is concerned.—
The highest English estimate makes it amount to one hun-
dred and three sail ; the lowest Turkish account says but
sixty. On our side it is admitted that several of the one
hundred and three were unarmed, such as transports, vic-
tuallers, &c. ; and, on the other hand, the Turks, in say-
ing sixty, mean to exclude all less than corvettes; I had
better take the medium, and say their force was about
eighty sail of armed vessels. The operations before Na-
min, up to the end of September, must be already known
in England ; and, in continuation, I have to add, that the
English and French squadrons being dispersed on the con-
clusion of an armistice, Sir Edward Codnington went with
the Talbot and Zebra to Zante, to water, leaving the Dart-
mouth and a French frigate (l'Arrnide) to watch the Turks.
Scarcely. bad the Asia, Talbot, and Zebra, commenced
watering, when the Dartmouth hove in sight with the
signal flying that the Turks had put to sea ; our ships in-
stantly weighed, and went in pursuit. On coming up with
them, it was discovered that the force which got out con-
sisted of six large frigates, eight corvette*, and twenty-three
brigs. The Talbot was detached to warn their Com-
mander, that if he persisted in his :ntention of proceeding
to Patras, the British ships would impede him,
if possible,
by force whereupon the Turkish squadron returned
towards Navarin, followed by our little squadron. On
their way thither, however, thGy were joined by the whole
of t;<4 Egyptian fleet; 10;411 avgllaePtcd their force to

fifty .six nail, sixteen of which were heavy frigates. Eve!
with this force, the Turks did not persevere in proeeeditty'
to Potrae, but returned to Navarin, where t 1
were watched as before. The ships which had been se„:,
to Malta to refit (Genoa, Albion, and Cambrian), were,
I!,
extraordinary exertions, completely set to rights in six da)!
in which time the Albion had a new main-yard, her for?;,
yard fished, the Genoa a new topsail yard, mid part 0..
suit of sails, and the Cambrian new foremast and bowspril"
besides very extensive supplies of all descriptions to all t11:17,
ships. By these means, those three ships, a.s well
B,as4,
.
French and Russian squadrons, had joined the ,1,„,
Admiral by about the 15th or 16th of October, and t-v
the three Admirals took decisive measures for carryiolc.le
effect their instructions] , and fulfilling the condition/ M
Treaty of London. The Turks, however, wore both °ll_.,
stinate and equivocating, and two or three days were;
hansted in fruitless negotiation ; at length it was 'l'
tamed, that the Pacha, despairing of getting to Patrat,„.l,
sea, had advanced part of his force towards Using, no
committed the most horrible devastation, driving
wretched ieliabitants of the country from their 16°7W
into the mountains, where many of them perished &?'
ono
and hunger ; besides which they burnt and destror4or
thing which came in their way, thereby commencieg sotto
of extermination to the Greeks. On the last letter sets re.
Ibrahim Pacha being returned unopened, Sir Edwar ove
solved to go in with his whole force, and attempt to
tioo,
the Turks to return to Alexandria, by personal negocill
under a display of it. As the intentions of the Ottou:d,
was neither clearly known, nor, probably, cosiectill,k:
the ships were made clear for action ; and the British
mind, in a short but very spiritedly written address, Etre4„eti
enjoined all the ships under his orders not to lire A or!,'
except in case of offence on the part of the Turks; r,
eluded by reminding the various Commanders of a niebenitiels
able saying of the hero Nelson, that no Captain 0,,
do a ery wrong who placed his ship close to an eneole e,
Thus prepared and excited, it was resolved to put this e°oo,e,
measure into execution on the 19th of October, but, ft it
want of wind, it could not be effected until the 20thf.: •
noon, when a light breeze sprang up. The combined squ'bi •
dross then bore up, the Asia leading the line, followedej,
the Albion, Genoa, Dartmouth, Talbot, Rose, reilsone
Brisk, Musquito, Racer, and Hind, English; T.A",521134:
60, Le Scipion, Trident, Breslau, 74's, L'Arelw"eises
L'Alcyone and Daphne, schooner", Frencif ; Asoff,'
ander Newski, Hargood, Ezekiel, 74's, Helena, Vreev at
nie, Constantine, and Kristin, frigates, Russian ; of
a great distance, by the Glasgow and Cambrian, b2—tStes
which bad been detached. On opening the Ws
of
Turkish fleet was discovered laying moored, in the foto
a horse-shoe, on the left flank of which stood the toll, ,
Navarin, the fortifications of which, in the ensuing bibs
did much mischief to our ships and their friend,. s
Turkish Admiral sent a boat off to desire our equado;t
to come in, but to communicate by boats; this sue°fiset
was quickly sent back, with an assurance that the oti
would not only come in, but oblige the Bashaw to °liter
with the desirea of the three Allied Powers ; sou to
this, a Brulot was seen by the Dartmouth very Agtilleet a
making preparations to act, and Captain Fellows ,e
and '
boat to her, upon which the Turks fired with musketry, th
killed or wounded the whole crew. The Dartire
and Rose then sent other boats, protected by the est
of their awn small arms, about which time Rome corve
fired on the French Admiral, who returned it ; the D3',
mouth fired next, and thus began the decisive and sale::
nary battle of Navarin, at about aquarter after two o'cl ;"
on the 20th day of October; before this, however, lit)°,9l,
inform you, that the Admiral had dispatched a boat w",
a flag of truce, in•which the Asia's Greek pilot went ti,lo
interpreter, and who was foully anal deliberately shot ft°
the Turkish Admiral's ship, as the boat was going 31trce
side. The Asia, supported by the Genoa a-bead, -e
•
Sirens a-stern, having all (as all the other ships Jib!:
chores], was placed opposite theiTurkish Admiral's ,h 11;
whose second a-head was a 60-gun frigate, and a-,tern„-s
line-ef-battle ship, the Albion a-head of the Genoa, 3-I,
opposite the third Turkish line-of-battle ship. The Frea
line-of-battle ships were purposely opposed to the VAT
Egyptian frigates (mostly commanded by French Officers)'
the Dartmouth and small craft to the batteries. The Rees
miens had the opposite side of the bay to themselves, except
the Talbot, whose gallant Captain, relying on suWee
from the ships astern, ran her into a position where sb,
had to withstand-the fire of three frigates and a curvet;
this she was opposed to about twenty minutes, and her oe
struction must have been inevitable, but for the noblele,
duct of the French frigate L'Armide, which pushed in
tween the Talbot and her too-powerful adversaries, o'l9o
ceeded in capturing one. Another, a frigate, struck t°frf
Talbot, and was found shattered to pieces, and Oa ho" 7
bodies on board. The third frigate was engaged/21;
an hour afterwards, by the Alexander Neweki, gru-'Ol
t half an hour, reduced her to a wreck; she took fit°
blew up. The Turkish ships opposed 'to our three lino,
of-battle ships were destroyed ; the Admiral bloong:1s
with his second astern, the third sunk, under the fire °‘i sll
Genoa and Albion. Two of the Russian ships,had
four of their frigates, only got in when the firing ig
nearly ceased; and the Glasgow and Cambrian, from het f
soourfasinsoaffllpast five o'clock. Sever3;co..e •
mendous conflict, more particularly the Hind cutter, Iso
with four or six 12-pounder carronadee, manned sv't",.be,
vesselsdid not
afictreed until nyteilr
men from the Asia, and commanded by Lieutenant l'—of
of that ship. This vessel unluckily fell on board (wesbe
Y prominent part in tla:t
the Turkish 74's, the cutter's main boom hung in The
stern-post of the Turkish' ship, and held her lot' id not
Turks made very strenuous efforts to board her, I),L° (Lieu"
succeed. The conduct of the Hind's eoniniaoler este?
tenant Robb) is spoken of as perfectly herois;n"
I •is
little
but he lost four killed and eight wounded out 101 l
crew. The Rose had a narrow escape, from the "r.,lby
of a fire-ship, the effects of which were counterat7
the intrepidity of Captain Davies, who hardly quitted
hei
in time to save himself. The Philornel gunk. a fire-ship u/r
the second broadside ; and the Brisk, without help, dr,
stroyed another. The result of this Action is the tows
destruction of all the Turkish fleet, except one frigates e
13 smaller vessels of war, and the transports, See The se;
tion lasted from 2. 15. p.m. to 6. 15. pAss-, in whi,eis,
time several of our ships suffered 'severely in their Wl' 't
masts, and rigging ; and the combined squadrons have le6,
about 172 killed and 485 wounded. Captain Batharr;
Was killed early in the action. The lowest statement 61
force in guns, makes it appear that the Turkish and F4,YPei
tian fleets mounted 016 guns snore then the cornb,n
squadron which engaged them.
ch
I forgot to mention, that all the Tuekiah ship& vibl,
ti
surrendered were destroyed by our ships the day after :e
battle. The Russians took sonie booty, anal a few Pr.-
soners ; but tlee English, and, it is believed, the French,
did not bring away any thing.
MALTA, Nov.
4731 re were thrown into the utmost
state of surprise and •'natant by the as"
anxiety on the let t
rival at the Palace of La Valetta of intelligence of the de-
struction of the Turkish fleet at Navarin; and we have
since had the arrival of several of the lons ducks. rijoe
ship of the line and six frigates are coming here to refit
The ships have suffered considerably. Our French AP:
Russian Allies behaved admirably. The Turkiah OP;
consisted of 79 sail of ships of war, carrying 2,24 a
-
besides the batteries, The Allied force amounted tesa°
ships, carrying 1,824 guns. Therefore, the Turks °la.°
superiority of 53 ships and 016 gnus. Oar 'ZOO
prised 452 guns, the French 372 guns, the Russians 54,E
guns. We had 74 210 wounded; the Freoeojed.
killed, 138 wounded; the Russians 57 killed, Ig7 wollon„e
Total killed 172 ; wounded 465 ; 657 grand total. I'd
Aroff (Count Heiden) sustained the greatest lose •
either fillip, having had 24 men killed, and 67 wound,i
The Asia (Sir Edward Cndriugton), had 19 killed,
_A"
wounded ; the Armide (Admiral de Rigny), kiI171:
25 wounded. The contest was desperate, as the ten:,
proclaims. The Turkish force were all sunk, blovria'l,
or destroyed, except 30 of their small vessels„ and theyl.,
6,000 meth The Asia sunk a Turkish line-of-battle Si'4'
' the Admiral (Sir E. Codrington), had his watch strtie,'";
out of his fob by a spent shot, which battered the er;
very much; his escape was miraculous. His son, a on"
young Midshipman, was wounded twice on the same lerh.
flesh-wounds. The Asia's poop was cleared twice.
esi
mercantile part of the comnutuity at Malta are paralr,
at the circumstance, as there is much Maltese pro Per"
afloat among the Turks. We are working double tides t 0

get the ship; ready for sca apin.
The following is A copy of the return made of ther!.:l*-
sian loss Azofl; 80--24 killed, 67 wounded ;
ed
good, '74-14. killed, 87 wounoled ; Ezekiel, 76---13
-0
18 wounded; Alexander Newsky, '76-5 killed, / w°ll
ded ; Provery, 48-1 killed, 2 wounded • Constantine, b r
—none killed, 1 wounded ; Elena, 48 none )
wounded ; Caster, 48•—none killed nor wounded."

Our Martinmas Market, wilick we noticed in
our last, was upon Friday and Saturday very throng, llVti'
a considerable deal of business done. Butter sold at from
18s. to 225. One lot of 50 atones, was purchased .11
baker at 17a., and Cheese from 6s. to Bs. per stone.- '
Home-made plaidings, tartans, &c., at Is. to Is. 6d. Pes.
Scotch ell. There were a number of horses in the Market,
but very few sold; tho prices for draught horses were
from 17/. to 26/. ; and for ponies from 51. to 121. fed
cows in market which bought fcom 41. to en„.l„vcroo
Courier. '

en.lins OF
Stock[F
itto, :, or e,
Per Cent. '''''''''
ott.
''''''''''
!Val Cknzsettoeke'2l
'It't4,7(11):""al Stack
,-,11 • 4
' b
ft It.
MurJ;
• 4'4
WATE
a

:0

. . . . . , . s . _
__ -

'l.ONbAy

rz,
cceiyed
11(lab and ty,
aturday, anday
rnorninl
helied Paris

:aPers eontai

'(lzetfe, whic

btell
igence of
that Place, dat(
'he 1108podar
g to which
n •

uenbt
tiny
ts answersioi

landed all in,

'e
"PellBioi
th J" 19, and
1111
(If nations

r w" were

lineaairi
at ear
isnin
01. 4ssurried
tre- geherai
ap
and °ll tt
it that tine.
lb I
jas,rOrt the
SY) litider
statedbe that
a
ell
teeeiVe4
to
thel'i,ae en oi
es 411"ians•
cape the p
(1114 every goi
k4t y to inflic
~d
essa .
141 •

"nsent

Aitote
lire hays 2
tesults of

.bebats.
4,28 Dept
°4IY 181
that then,
°PPositic
Chamber
view
rfhi,

ta•
ed a
that
‘isi.

411 Utah.

bete, 1,.;:a
more 6,,
agree.
the Cha

we

Lung o

news f

of the f.
the Ist

at Viet

Were as,
Metal
1,015.
The

ttactinl
FAA,
11° 'neat
at the
gradual
report,
firmed
niched
fiactua

ship& „
day after tir"
Al a few pi-1-
th, French,

the utmost
t, by the as'
24 of the de"
and we have
ticks. Nizie
i.ere to reit
French 0°:,
arkiah
2,940. roll
anted ti.j°
Turks m-
ctalY
skip* boo
lussiattl.
ie Freachl
w°°9urrei:e
total. of
test 100.
57 wool" /
killekd, b,
aleu..4,
the reew-
c, blovol-111);,
'rt they 106
r-battle
,catch 0011-
d the ell°
s eon, a fine"
tie leg*"..
Sal fro
twice.
ire paratl
se poPe:,,
milk tides '"

e of the Itar
int ,
led • 113rje
5-.43 kli,
ed, q wails
netantine, b 0
ne killed,
tee

noticed in
throng, and`
bold at fro°
;based .1)Y t'

per stone.
Iv. Gd• Pe!
the Marko'
horses were
121. fe°
—ln vcrois
