HOUSE OF COMMONS, MAY 9.

The SPEAKER took the Chair this day at the usual
hour, long before which every seat in the strangers' gallery
was occupied, and the body of the House nearly filled with
Members.

A Messenger from the Lords requested the attendance of
this House in the House of Lords, to hear his Majesty's
assent given by Royal Commission to different Bills.
The SPEAKER, and a majority of the Members, then
withdrew, and were absent about a quarter of an hour.

, -
Upon their return the Speaker informed the House
that his Majesty's Assent had been given by Royal Com-
mission to the Consolidated Fund Act, the Fire Insurance
and
Stamp
severalA c t ,
Private
CorporationActs.t e
and Test Act Repeal Bill,
Mr. Alderman WOOD presented a petition from the in-
habitant. of Sunderland and Newcastle, complaining of
the combination of the coal-owners, and praying for a
Committee of Inquiry.
After a short conversation, in which Sir M. W. Ridley,
Sir H. Hardinge, Mr. Hume, and several other Members
took part, the petition was ordered to lie on the table and
to be printed.
Mr. C. DUNDAS presented a petition from Walling-
ford against the Alehouses Licensing Bill.
Mr. JEPHSON brought in a Bill for amending the
law relating to distress and replevin in certain cases in
Ireland.—Read a first time ; to be read a second time
on Tuesday neat.
Lord STANLEY presented a petition from the Cham-
ber of Commerce of Manchester, against restrictions upon
the importation of corn, and after a few .words from Mr.
W. Whitmore, Sir G. Phillips, and Sir C. Burrell, it
was ordered to be printed.
On the motion of Mr. LAMB, several Orders of the
Day were postponed.
Mr. WESTERN presented a petition from a place in
the county of Essex, against restrictions upon the importa-
tion of corn. _

On the !notion of Mr. CURTEIS, returns were ordered
of the quantities of wheat and flour imported in the Isle of
Man, and also the quantities exported thence, from the Ist
December to the latest period to which the same could be
made up.
Mr. HOULDSWORTH presented a petition from Ponte-
fract, praying for the abolition of slavery..--Ordered to lie
on the table.

111 r. MACQL EL:\ presented a petition from Ben. Willie,
Secretary of a Society meeting at the Queen's Head, Corn-
hill, against the restrictive system as respected corn.
Ordered to lie on the table.
Sir J. WROTTESLEY moved for a copy of the me-
morial of country bankers, presented to the Lords of the
Treasury the 19th instant.—Ordered.
Mr. lIERRIES presented a petition from the Mayor,
Aldermen, and Burgesses of Harwich, against the Catholic
