WEDNESDAI, JANUARY 26, 1820,

PUBLIC,ATIONS.

FOR SCHOOLS.

Sixth Edition, price Is. Gd. bound,

LEGA NTLE LATINJE ; or, Roles and
4 Exercises, illustrative of Eletzaitt Latin Style. Intend,
ed t,i the Use of the Middle and Higher Classes of Grammar
Schools.

By the Rev. E. VALPY,
Head Master of Norwich School.
Improved and made easier.
A Genera! List of Phrases, and an Index are also added.
A Key to the Latin may be bad by a private written appli.
cation to the Author through the Printer, price 2s.
Printed by A. J. Valpv, and sold by Whittakers, Long.
mans, Rivingtons, and all other Booksellers.

Also, by the same,
Horneri Ilias, with English Notes at the end, 12s. Gd
bound.
Greek Testament, improved from Hardy's Edition ; 3 cols
Set). 21. I2s. 6d. hoards; large p. 41.
To prevent mistake, please to asli for Valpy's Editions.

Just published,

In
One .thick Volume, beautifully printed, price 10s: in
boards,

THE COOK'S ORACLE, containing Practical
Receipts, Ndiich will save much time, trouble, and money,
ad:a very considerably augment the domestic comforts of
frugal Families ; also, the Art of composing the most simple
and most highly finished Broths, Soups, Sauces, Flavouring
Essences, and Store Sauces ; the quantify of each article be-
ing. accurately stated by weight or measure, the buthldest
novice may work with the same certainty as the expet ienccd
Cook. The results of actwal experiments made in the Kitchen
of a PHYSICIAN, " utile et dulce."—A New Edition, carefully
revised.

Printed for Juh❑ Hatchard,

NEW VOYAGES AND TRAVELS.
•
On Feb. Ist will be published,
Closely printed in Royal 18mo. with Maps, price 7s. 6d. each,
in boards. or Rs. half-bound, Volumes 1. and 11. (containing
Africa and Asia), of

THE FLOWERS of MODERN VOYAGES
and TRAVELS; comprising those most worthy of Re-
cot d, between the Years 1806 and 18i0.
By WILLIAM ADAMS, A.M.
These " Flowers," which will be comprised in four Vo-
lumes, embr,cing Africa, Asia, America, and Europe, hare
been selected from the most valuable and authentic sources;
and are particularly adapted for such Persons as do not pos-
sess the means, or the opportunity, of perusing expensive or
voluminous Staicinents. Each Volume will be complete of
itself, and sold separately.
** The Purchasers of Dr. Mayor's Collection of Voyages
and Travels are respectfully informed, these Four Volumes
were undertaken principally with the view of perfecting that
valuable Work ; for since its publication, Voyages and
Travi'is have very considerably increased in number and im-
portance. With this Addition, however, it is hoped, Dr.
Mayor's Colleption will continue to rank as the lutist com-
prehensive and perfect of its kind.
N. B. Aaierica and Europe will be published in the course
of the ensuing Month.

London : Printd for Sherwood, Neely, and Jones, Pater.
noster-row, and may be had of all Booksellers.

On February Ist will be published,
Price 3s. 6d. (to be continued every Two Months),

No. I. of

HE LONDON JOURNAL of ARTS and
.111- SCIENCES; an Original Work, exhibiting the progres
sive advancement of practical Science in the various Branches
of Arts, Manufactures, and Agriculture.

The principal design of this Journal, is to lay before the
Public an early and general Report of all New Patents, in
which their respective principles and pmpertics will be de-
scribed, and also to supply the earliest account of every use-
ful Discovery and Invention in the Arts, Manufactures, and
Agriculture.

Original Communications in this Journal, will form a fea-
ture of considerable importance; containing. principally, a
detail of novel and intereiting Experiments in different
branches of Philosophy. In this department, the Editor is
promised the assistance of several Gentlemen of the first ta-
lent in the Country.

Each Number will conclude with a Summary of the most
important Information relative to Science, solected from
other Journals, foreign and domestic, and an accurate List
of all the forth-coming Patents.

London : Printed for Sherwood, Neely. and Junes, Pater.
luster-row.

SCOTT'S HORSES AND DOGS.
On February Ist will be published,

Embellished with 14 elegant Engravin ~s, Parts I. and I.
price los. 6d. each, of

-ILH E SPORTSMAN'S REPOSITORY, corn-
prising a complete Series of highly-finished Engravings
representing the Horse and the Dog in all their Varieties
executed in the Line Manner.

FOR THE SUN.

MR. 'EDITOR—The following thoughts from
Fenelon, Archbishop of Cambrai, on our Con-
stitution, deserve to be inscribed on Mad)le in
Letten of Gold. Do me the favour to deposit
them in your Loyal Pages, for the benefit o► our
Contemporaries. Your's, &e.
S. C. Y.

" The Parliament can do nothing without the
King, and is Rot the King then powerful enough ?
The King can do nothing without the Parlia-
ment, and is not a King happy in being free to
do all the good he wishes, and in having his
hands secured when he desires to (to evil ?
ya'stqy..._wise 'Prince ought to wish to' be only
the executor or the Laws, and to. have a su-
preme Council which may moderate his au-
rhority. The despotic tyranny of Sovereigns.
is a crime against the rights of human na-
ture. The despotism of the multitude is a blind
and infuriate power, which rages against itself.— ,

A people wanton from excessive liberty, are the
most insupportable of all tyrants. The wisdom
of every Government consists in finding the me-
dium between those two fearful extremes, in a
liberty which is regulated by the authority of the
Laws alone.

But men, who are blind to their own welfare,

cannot confine themselves to that medium. Sad
condition of human nature ! Sovereigns, jealous
of their authority, always wish to extend it ; the
people, enthusiastically attached to their liberty,
strive to augment it. It is better, however, to
endure, for the love of order, those inevitable
evils which are found in the best regulated States,
than to throw off the pike of all authority, by

incessantly yielding to the fury of the multitude,
who act from the impulse of lawless passions.—
Every kind of Government is necessarily im-
perfect, for the Supreme Power can be vested
only in 'men ; and every form of Government is
good, when those who govern wish sincerely to
-produce good. In theory, some appear better
than others; but in practice, the weakness, or

the corturriou of men, who are all subject to the
same passions, exposes all States to nearly similar
inconveniences. Two or three men almost al-
ways lead the Monarch or the Senate. The wel--
fare of human society, therefore, will not be found

in changing and in ovekthrowing what is already
established ; but in convincing Sovereigns that
the safety of their power depends upon the hap-

pines, of their subjects ; sod in persuading the
people that their solid welfare demands subordina-
tion. Liberty, without order, is a licentionsness
which leads to .th.spotism : order, without liberty,
is a slavery which ends in anarchy."
MUDFORD'S FRNELON, vol. 2, page 63.,

LONDON JOURNALS.

FROM THE MORNING PAPERS OF THIS DAY.

[The British Press.]

Tun KING.—The apprehensions which we ex-
pressed on Monday, respecting the state of his
Majesty, we fear are too well founded. Our con-
temporaries of yesterday contented themselves
with merely copying the account in The British
Press ; and, therefore, threw no new light upon
this important and interesting subject. We learn,
however, from our own sources, that his Majesty
is considered in a very critical and alarming state.
His appetite, it is said, has forsaken Wu); 'And his
strength rapidly declines.
