~".

\

n told bi tht
me?
isist Broti'`4
wards me het:
room--as u
another; Y°.
1 the fact' °,
he other'4Br
is not right

all the toPectno
vat e, I fitn
superadd. h
of
ilia Joyce
ke use of 'uc,h
challog4

age
that 141131"'

illg
vas a sweePor e
ar, and iefon
disgrace oP

to. spealg, but
tFect fro
n a great deal
Bar, but ore
re be no 111

her COO le
d say. the
his note d;
hat the ofro
dent traWle.'

LS tantailn- fan ti
meatig°
those prese
ed
was apP,
o aceordido
bat the w°

!ad, that I
'at my brioth";o,
it what 1 P. 11
myself: Wic
mth I di(l.;
IS nONV b().0,1'
it he had 'he
through t"

le, all the T.;
;ed the %y 8
but upon 10
though 1 LI
mernorP r,
with 111°$
Mr. Serge', „,
was not

DAY.)
ov ff
eek are oA
rail. Tbareo
ng, as all ot
er quartie•,„,
it Are harr,
fonday.to,
A, Pease,
erase

;131 Flou!„1*
2,7OD,A''

LIM CO.ar4;,i;
om the Re° 04
was in EnBl3
42$'
EKS P RECO:11;j,
]3......., 400. Vl'
42i.
134'
0
lut a !toder
?ter briskly, $'
'dily, at Nall

fY OFFALS*
B. ClO'''. 0
0 0 °0
0
;tO 0 0
Ives 3 4 $
to 4 4 6
4 6 $
5
12s to S6i..—cn.
16. q to 20. i. ea
ENT.

Pigs.
140

.R KILTS.

s.
3 0
... 4 4

N. BOND'

imunicati°°

n Loan, ill
it a meeting

ND CO.

~ SEPT. 14.
msses9ion °f
particular` °
erg, held °I/
which Well
in laying be'
in transrnit;
d Bolivar, 01
immediate
r of Finance'
au Extral:4"
mt had beerl
Nis into c°rl•
abers of the
for the scte
manner 03t
foreign div!.
The indivre
Honourob
onncil;
)f Financtre'.
;Or r 4.1'
'e 3°4111

Illingwort e'
nittee in tP
nntnence
ons officisliP
on with e
so anneo:
oy the 1-Abe
le has giVeu
gn credit°rs;
as far 09 til
1 immediate
the puree'
actual remlf
ends till thed
lay i fOrfn e
rs bad hoe
t the
rnrnen t
the paY 111
view to Cl/
Loan (ion'
rill probahif

vants,
TH, and C/4"

CATHOLIC ASSOCIATION.

The
the Dublin Morning Register of Tuesday.)
he Chair was taken yesterday, at three o'clock,
IjT °I O'CoNNELL, Esq. brother to the Member.
IkE
RNGLISH CATHOLICS—VOTE OF THANKS
TO ENEAS MACDONNELL, ESQ.
v3lr• O'CONNELL-4f is not unusual in this As-
-11-lation to give precedence to questions of great
q tP9rtance; and on that account, at this early stage
r, he proceedings, I claim priority for my motion
'iarding the English Catholics, the more particu-
„tt as on the last day I gave intimation of a votee
anks to my friend, Mr. Eneas Macdonnell. I
.
IV two notices—one of them a vote of thanks to
,_kacdonnell—the other, a denial of any partici-
Vn or connection with any portion of the Catlio-
iti.aly that will not totally disclaim traffic or ar-
,:lgeeeiteietnietstough the medium of what are called
°4ld 1 I say, called securities, but which
mre be only an increase of danger to those who re-
rill , conditions for their safety, and a means of
Icio!'ag contempt and disgrace on those who would
~,zarrarigemente. (Hear, hear.) I shall first pro-
,7 with the motion regarding Mr. E. Macdonnell,
4140. n that subject I anticipate we shall be perfectly
1101111141" s. (Cheers.) He is the agent of the Ca-
‘tstte People of Ireland; it is his duty to act on our
seatietions—to express our wishes, and, by every
*oll'3 in his power, to forward the cause which we
1/trifTe• And when, as on a recent occasion, he
Slt,,t,l"Y comes forward, and fearlessly vindicates
t,,,',,he;s's, he should receive at our hands the meed
tieiriPLanse which he so eminently merits ; not
s,e'Y because it is his due, bnt because it will serve
Ar aPproval of his conduct by this Association.—
tillear, hear.)—That Mr. Macdonnell acted with
Oesa at the late meeting of the English Catholic
,iiicieiation, every one who read the proceedings
Spe 4gree; and even the miserable reports of his
$t eel, differing as they do in details, yet all evince
ht rrnness, the ability, and sound judgmen., ',lnch
o"hibited on that occasion. That meeting is
‘,l'-:,rlihiailcahce I. regret exceedingly should ever have
1
I regret it, not because it was the
118 of bringinis together a number of persons op-
,: .ged for their conscientious belief; quite the re-
tre •
se. I kite to see the Catholics of England con-
,u,gated as often as possible, in order to claim a
,t.e in that Constitution which was founded by
~,'Lt ancestors, which was cemented by those who
deeded them, and which Catholics are now as
1 to protect the more favoured portion of their
kl pr., as
, ntrwren (Cheers.) I speak of the Duke of Nor-
'ilk
~ •
it W.,tl sorrow when I differ from him, and when
"!" it necessary to condemn the conduct which
14as adopted; but I owe a duty to the people of
s4ttid, which no consideration on earth could pre-
f si me from performing. The rank of the Duke
1
0;orfolk is high " the blood of all the Howards"
8 in hiS veins • and it is an instance of the
I;9s i • . '
r nslostice of the penal code, which excludes him
,i`," the House of Lords, whilst it lets in the Bex-
iii; and Addisons, the crawling creatures of yester-
14' (Cheers.) He enjoys the highest title un-
isettlila throne of England, but he is excluded,
,tielle Y because he possesses a creed which his con-
'4 thee and -his judgment sanction. lie might say
4 e House of Lords, you admit me within your
41) in order to introduce every one of you ; but
s moment I have done so, you turn me out, for
lhotlier reason than my sincerity in religion.
iiteers.) What, I say, has such a man as the
ste, of Norfolk to do with securities, what
`gainshould he condescend to make for
f lust rights ? I only speak of the Duke
itt Wolk, in order to express my regret that his
~,,,e should be connected with a proceeding which
'ls
‘ti from us the severest reprehension ; but on
,t. lig over the report of the meeting, I had reason
~,c4,41 an opinion, that his Grace was influenced
c"kce the consee he did on that occasion ; and I
It the more ready to think so, from the speech of
..jiletint, the Secretary of the English Catholics,
',le inconsistency is calculated to cover him with
,11„1'1411e. He says, they should go and ask for un-
itional emancipation ; but if conditions were re-
Stite,tl, they would give them. Thus he belies the
;t °n, by saying they would take, not that which
it asked for, but a different thing. Oh! let them
„tttifie wit u by such dulicity—let thm not
iiLter with h
us s in a double sepnse. (Hear,e hear.)
.mts'e are the sentiments of Mr. Blount and the
le who edit that thing called the Catholic Jour-
Vof men who have lived too long in the
e'4 and chills of slavery to feel the animation of
'en, when they come before the full sun of li-
';'sY. This is a different atmosphere, and we sigh
~rt' freedom, which could not be enjoyed if a single
il'h of our chain remained unbroken.—(Cheers.)---
,qiditor of that paper delivered a speech, in
,kiit lie adverted to thyubject of securities, and
Is : against Parliamentary Reform. The very
NWho presided has as many boroughs as any
`Sil,rtsid the course taken by Mr. Quin may have
ti,i, and
object of pleasing him. But we have no
iptl sYmpathies, we detest and abhor the borough-
to Bering system, no matter in what hands the pa-
qia.p of those boroughs may be placed. It is a
!ii' ling of the people's rights ; it is in direct op-
Se,l°ll to the spirit of the Constitution. (Cheers.)
SoliSret that a respectable clergyman, the Rev. Dr.
`Oll, was one of the persons who spoke of secu-
llat that meeting. It was supposed at the pc-
,tr,(4 the last vacancy in the Catholic Arch-diocese
lishel, that Dr. Collins would be raised to the
i'fttl'tY, and one of the first Prelates in Ireland,
tittitable in age, and highly regarded for his
I is and
piety, sent me a document in the
ttid
t+ piety,
of Dr. Collins, protesting against
4it.s or any species of arrangements !neon-
-1104 with the security and dignity of the Ca-
\ le faith. In Ireland he was decidedly against
:14166es—in England lie has no objection to them ;
kl4l,Ply regret that this gentleman, for whom per-
itttliiY I entertain the highest respect, should act a
1,4 so inconsistent with himself. The line of con-
',t4 Pursued at the last meeting of the English Ca-
:q,t'es, has raised the most painful feelings in my
t 1 :1 for it leaves no alternative but a separation
..1(1: them. Can it he said that I have been the
‘.,:e of that separation ? No. During twenty-five
;;.s„ that I have attended public meetings, the very
,'''ou of securities has ever been scouted. How
jltilve admit the necessity of securities, when we
t,it the possibility of danger. (Load cheers.) The
i"°,lia, the priests of the second order, and the
kla[td recorded their decided disapprobation of
jihad
deelaring that nothing less than unconditional
NZeiPation would be sought for or accepted by
V: Therefore, the English Catholics were aware
i the introduction of the subject of securities by
01, could not meet with our approval. (Hear.)
ate
ti not remind this meeting that when it was ru-
Ibted that an arrangement regarding securities was
I,4,l‘'.l.°crress, Mr. Lawless gave notice of a motion for
';y*'e''r declamation against them, and it was only on
Iliviterference that he consented to dispense with
,t r'e should not be the first to meet the subject;
ott4Q e common liar, public rumour, was no ground
,‘t Which we should act. Such, however, is not
11,1%5e at present, but the fault is not ours. The
41',isil Catholics have spoken of securities, and
ittsti they knew my sentiments respecting them.
litlte4ponded with the Catholic Peers, and decried,
ti,rl.4e strongest terms, the agitation of any arrange-
Lt for the settlement of our question. I must,
titterer, do Lord Clifford the justice to say, that his
il,? Was in accordance with my best wishes ; but
4i..the subject has been broached, and that the apple
t.,1,3t0rd has been thrown amongst us, one course
11:13 left to us, and that is, to condemn the intro-
lOon of securities, as we have done heretofore.
S are no doubt whatever, that a sufficient number
il Catholics will be found in England, to form an
:::eiation in communion with us, having at its
,Ittl pie Earl of Shrewsbury, if die Duke of Nor-
kl', thought proper to retire from that high station.
;4`,‘ Whether or not, such an association can be
c„Tatt; there is but one course left for the adop-
‘4 of the people of Ireland. I, myself, may be
\4li.l.ted with consenting to the measures called the
nlgs," in 1825. I know that i deserve the re-

proach, and I answer to those who assail me, that
the only way in which I can atone for that error is,
by a firm and determined oppo,ition to any encroach-
ments hereafter. I may be permitted to say a few
words regarding the motives which influenced me
on that occasion. It was represented to me that by
acceding to the measures then proposed, that eman-
cipation certainly would be carried, but that it
wou'a as certainly be lost if these measures were
not agreed to. One of them was the disfranchise-
ment of the 40s. freeholders, and whatever may be
the merits of that question, it had no connection
whatever with religion,and my political opinion was
given upon it as a public man. Much has been said
regarding the forty-shilling freeholders prier to 1825,
that they were the mere instruments of their land-
lords, and treated as the live stock on their estates.
I, myself, was assessor in the year 1813, when
Sir Augustine Fitzgerald was a candidate for the
representation of Clare. The Honourable Baronet
then spoke of the necessity of emancipation, and
expressed his solicitude for its attainment ; he is now
however, the head of the Brunswickers in that county.
(Hear, hear, hear.) Let me state in addition, that
in 1792, when the republican spirit which had
burst forth in France, fomented by the Presbyte-
rians, was spreading itself among the Catholics of
Ireland, the Government found it prudent to
adopt some measure of conciliation. At that period
John Keogh, whose name will live in the records
of his country, and whose powerful mind enabled
him to form as correct an estimate of human nature
as any other man in existence, expressed his opinion
regarding the limitation of the elective fanchise best
adapted to the peculiar circumstances of the coun-
try. When it was proposed to render Catholics eli-
gible to become forty-shilling freeholders, he expressed
his decided disapprobation of such an arrangement,
and strongly recommended that 10/. should be the
the an or erca__, _
minimum. It was said by the r a a
other Ossinge oupportera of the Bill, that Mr. Keogh
and those who agreed with him, desired to make the
electors independent, and as that was the case,
they insisted successfully that 40s. should be the sum.
It was not until 1825 that the 40s. freeholdersraised
themselves from the degraded state bordering on that
of serfs and vassals. (Hear.) For centuries, the
Catholics of Ireland had been prevented by the law
from receiving education, and those who denied
them the means of obtaining it, were the first to
turn round and upbraid them for their ignorance.—
But how different is the case at present. There is
scarcely a parish throughout the country in which a
school is not established, and it is not in Feacle
alone in which my friend near me has his chapel and
his school-house, that the poor children are educa-
ted as well in their religion as in the necessary
branches of science. The smoking-clubs have been
abandoned, and those who formerly contributed
their penny a-week towards the indulgence of the
grosser appetites, now devote the little means they
can afford to the obtaining of literary instruction, and
newspapers are read with avidity by persons who
before assembled for mere animal enjoyment. In
1825 the seed was sown, but the leaf did not appear.
(Hear.) At that time, fully impressed with the con-
viction that the cause of Ireland's impoverishment
and distraction was to be found in the division of
her sons, and that no good measure could be adopted
for the country, whilst unequal laws prevailed;
whilst a monopoly was preserved for a few, who,
like Swiss soldiers, fought for their pay, no matter
how dirty the work in which they were to engage
I say, feeling such to be the case, and having for the
first wish of my heart to unite the people of Ireland
in a combined effort for the regeneration of the
country, I did consent to the disfranchisement of the
40s. freeholders. It would be no comfort to me
now, and I desire no such excuse for my error as to
what would have been said in England in case of
my refusal. It would be alleged that I would give
up nothing for conciliation, and, agitator as I was,
that I wanted to bully and trample upon the people
of England ; the opinion of John Keogh would be
quoted against me ; the perfidy of the landlords, and
the abjoct slavery of their tenants, would be thrown
in my teeth, and it would be said that we, who kept
the country in a state of agitation, under the
pretence of seeking for emancipation, would not
consent to give up what Keogh had tisinounced
to be worthless, and even injurious. I am afraid
that many Catholics who now condemn me for ac-
ceding to the wings, would have joined in censur-
ing me, if I had not • complied. It would be
said that we were upon the threshold of the con-
stitution, but that I drove them from the precincts
of the temple. I have not come here to vindicate
myself, because I feel that no vindication is neces-
sary.—(Tremendous cheering.)--My only • wish,
when mingling in the struggles of my countrymen,
is to be useful in advancing their cause; and if
such were not my object, I should from that mo-
ment disappear from amongst them.—(Cheers.)—
Personal ambition I have none, and I am not egotistic
when I avow that, in the advocacy of the cause of
Ireland, I have been single-hearted and disinterested.
And here I thank my God, that I am the inventor
of the Catholic Rent, and if that mighty engine did
not exist, the despotic landlords would never have
been set at defiance, and the bigot never driven
from the representation. As I have stated, infor-
mation is now widely disseminated amongst the
people. We have most excellent newspapers—
the best and the worst press in the world. One
portion of it lies by the yard; and, such is the
corruption engendered by a vile faction, that
those lies against our creed are invented by crea-
tures who had been Catholics. Honest Protestants
could not be had to effect the scandalous purpose,
and the faction have been obliged to bring in renegade
Papists as the instruments of their unnatural ascend-
ancy. Sooner than give up the forty-shilling free-
holders, I would rather go back to the penal code;
they form part of the Constitution ; their right is as
sacred as the King to his throne, and it would be
treason against the people to attempt to disfranchise
them.--(Hear, hear, hear.)—l am loyal to the
throne, and my dispositions and my interest combine
to produce in my mind an attachment to the ruling
powers; but if an attempt were made to take from
the forty-shilling freeholders the privileges vested in
them by the Constitution, I would conceive it just
to resist that attempt with force, and in such
resistance I would be ready to perish in the field
or on the scaffold. (Loud cheers.) Every Pro-
testant—every friend to liberty, would be equally
interested in that struggle. (Loud cheers.) It '
gratifies me to hear one of my Protestant friends
join in that cheer, which came from as great and
honest a heart as ever throbbed for the freedom of
Ireland. In such a struggle Protestant would join
with Catholic, and that excellent open-hearted and
patriotic Nobleman, Lord Cloncurry, would be in the
front of the battle. (Loud cheering.) Another
subject was the pensioning of the clergy, and I may
mention as an instance of the patriotism of the cleri-
cal order, that, instead of the clergy consenting to
the arrangement, those who represented them in the
deputation, only acceded to it at our request. For
the accuracy of this statement, I appeal to the pub-
lished statements of Dr. Doyle. In patriotism, the
clergy do not lead, but follow us ; in common with
us, they have political rights, and they would be un-
grateful to the people from whom they derive their
support, if they did not give the aid of their talents
their influence, and their virtues, in order to raise that
people from the degradation in which unjust laws have
placed them, (Hear.) Sir, on the occasion of that
arrangement, no power of nomination whatever, di-
rectly or indirectly, was intended to be given to the
servants of the. Crown, regarding the appointment
of a Catholic bishop
.or. clergyman. The terms
were drawn up in writing by myself, and I can
produce them at a fitting opportunity. The bishops
were to be nominated without a veto in the crown,
and the only stipulation respecting them was their
remuneration from the state, excepting stvha by
the
t arei
called stole fees. I have now shown
measures called the wings, nothing in the slightest
degree inconsistent with our religion was conceded;
and on this subject I, shall be able to meet the
taunts of the dabblers in securities.—(Hear, hear,
hear.)—l was promised a paternal government for

Ireland—one under which the people might be
amalgamated, because the light of official patron-
age would not shine on the Brunswick faction
alone.—(Hear, hear.)—l was led to expect that
period when talent, acquirements, and industry,
should-have their due influence ; when rancorous
politics should not be the criterion for office, and
when bigotry and intolerance, which wither under
the rays of the sun of justice, like some foul spirit,
should vanish and be seen no more. (Cheers.) But
the pensioning of the clergy is now an idle dream ;
it would require an annual sum of 600,0001., against
tile granting of which the people of England are as
adverse as we are to its acceptance, so that an ar-
rangement of this kind is out of the question. It
then remains to be seen whether they will propose
something like the concordatum in the Netherlands,
which worked ill there, and which would not have
a better effect here. I have now to mention a fact
of great importance to the people of this country--
up to the 26th of October, the Government of Eng-
land have made no less than three applications to
the Pope for a concordatum. (Hear, hear.) The
application was not made directly, for the law of
premunire prtvented it ; but it was done as effectu-
ally by the Hanoverian Ambassador resident at
Rome. (Hear.) Three successive applications were
made to the Pope, and I am now authorised to state
the answer of his Holiness. It was couched in terms
of kindness and friendship towards the British Go-
vernment, but it ended with an emphatic declara-
tion, that until the Catholics of Ireland were eman-
cipated, no treaty on the subject would be received
at Rome. (Immense cheering.) The Catholics of
Ireland will join with me in praying for the blessing
of Almighty God on his Holiness for this declara-
tion; he is the father of the Catholic church; he
will not enter into any arrangement regarding the
government of the church in this country, until the
frperin'n of tho Cathonve is establixbod, and his
answer to the British Government is the best
reply and admonition which I can offer to the
Duke of Norfolk, and the security-men in England.
I have the honour of having one grandchild, and if
emancipation were to be had only by securities, the j
utmost I could expect would be, that that grand-
child would be a grandfather by the time of its ac-
complishment. As lam one of those who ardently
desire to be present at the festival to celebrate that
happy event, I am the firm and determined foe of
securities. (Hear, hear.) I do not reject securi-
ties from any hostility to my Protestant brethren,
because I have never entertained towards them
any feelings but those of affection and attach-
ment. (Hear.) lam ready to give real securities,
those which should make the throne safe and the em-
pire secure, by enlisting in support of its dignity and
well-being, the affectionate solicitudes of the people.
In my place in Parliament, to which I haye been
elected by the unbought suffrages of an independent
constituency, and which nothing but gross injustice
can exclude me from, if any tangible proposition is
offered for quieting the apprehensions of the most
susceptible of my Protestant countrymen, there is
not one amongst them who will be more ready to
argue the question with calmness and 'Consideration
than myself. But I would scorn to enter into any
bargain or base traffic in order to get what I am
justly entitled to receive. (Hear.) This is my
view of the subject, and I feel that I would merit
the contempt of every honest Protestant, if it were
different. The English Catholics have most un-
necessarily introduced the question of securities, and
they are endeavouring to divert us from our course.
I have often been assailed with the charge that our
proceedings were intemperate, but these aspersions
have the same effect upon me as the barking of a cur
dog at the stars on a frosty night. These kind friends
would say—" How can you he so intemperate ?"
The Board was condemned, the Committee was
condemned, the Association was condemned; but
when the Rent was established, we were as-
sailed from all quarters, and our Parliamentary
friends cried out that we were establishing a rival
treasury in opposition to the treasury, and in opposi-
tion
to the government ; and after all these asper-
sions, here am I who established that rent which is
now in active collection, and which, please God shall
so continue, while there is any necessity for it.—
(Hear, hear.) The English Catholics were the most
temperate and timid creatures in the world, but what
have they got by all their forbearance ? They have
not been able, with all their forbearance, to obtain
the same privileges as their Catholic brethren. If
they endeavour to prejudice the cause of parlia-
mentary reform, and if their great men lead their
ducal coronets to protract the accomplishment of
our cause, we must disclaim them : but we must
render the just met d of gratitude to Eneas Mac-
dolmen, who echoed our sentiments; and I move
that the marked thanks of the Association be trans-
mitted to that gentleman, for his intrepid avowal of
our feelings arid opinions at the last meeting of the
English Catholic Association. (Loud cheers.)
Mr. L'EsTuittscr. agreed as to every thing that
was said, expressive of the thanks of the Catholic
body to Mr. M'Donnell, for his late conduct, and
their perfect confidence in his discretion and inte-
grity. (Hear.) In allusion to what had been said
relative " wings," he (Mr. L'Estrange) would say
that one of them was for the consideration of the
laity, and to the laity he would leave it. He
fancied lie fully understood the feelings of the laity,
and he was mistaken, indeed, if that wing was not
execrated by them from one extremity of the king-
dom to the other. (Loud cheers.) As to the
clerical wing he would speak authoritatively, with-
out pretending to any commission so to do. He had
no hesitation in declaring that it would be rejected
by the whole body of the Clergy, with one heart
and with one voice. (Tremendous cheering.) This,
he said, would speedily appear, for a requisition was
in process of signatures, and a meeting would soon
be held ; at which the ecclesiastical body of the. Ca-
tholics would declare their sentiments on this im-
portant subject, as became their sacred character, and
that patriotism of which every new day afforded ad-
ditional evidence.

Mr. LAWLOR, Mr. BRADY, and Mr. O'GOR3P.N
MAttoN, severally addressed the meeting—some ex-
pressions which fell from the latter gentleman hav-
ing occasioned some demonstrations of feeling, Mr.
O'Connell stood up to remove impression they
seemed to have made, which O'Gorman Mahon, in
a few words, spoke in explasiation, completely suc-
ceeded in doing, while Mr. O'Connell's resolution
was put, that the marked thanks of this meeting be
given to Mr. Eneas Macdonnell, the agent of the
people of Ireland, for the able, manly, and uncom-
promising manner in which he has asserted the
unanimous sentiments of the Catholic Association
of Ireland.

An adjournment was then moved, when the meet-
ing separated.

COVENT-GARDEN THEATRE.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

SlR,—Your insertion of the following particulars
relative to the two unfortunate individuals who were
suffocated at the fire which took place in Covent-
garden theatre on Tuesday last will essentially serve
the cause of charity, which, I am convinced, will be
a sufficient excuse for my troubling you on the sub-
ject. Anyay subsplacecription
ah cdhs the
o r chumanitye oa ft
tt re
box-office of the theatre, shall be duly appropriated,
and an account thereof open for inspection at the
latter place at all times.
William Douglas, a person of the utmost integrity,
and a most valuable servant, has been employed in
the theatre about seven years. He has left entirely
depending upon him for support an aged mother, a
wife, now pregnant, and three young children, the
eldest of whom is imbecile.

Richard Fennell, a very respectable man, employ-
ed occasionally for two off; three years, has left a
widow, now pregnant, and three children, entirely
dependent upon him for support.
1 am, Sir, your very obedient servant,
HENRY ROBERTSON.
Theatre Royal, Covent garden,
Nov. 20, MS.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

GUILDHALL.

Henry Gunter, a young man who was recently
employed at Apothecary's-hall, and was taken be-
fore the LoRD MAYOR last week on suspicion of
being concerned in the late extensive robbery at that
establishment, was yesterday charged before Mr.
Alderman FAREBROTRER with assaulting Mr. Hen-
nell, the head operator at the Hall, and other persons.
The prisoner's solicitor asked whether the prisoner
did not come for the purpose of applying to be rein-
stated in his situation, or to have such a character as
would enable him to obtain a place elsewhere ? Mr.
Hennell said he did not, but began with abusing,
threatening, and assaulting them.
Mr. Field, the treasurer, said he could not have
had such an intention, because he knew that the
committee had decided the day before that lie should
not bedilinstated.
Solicitor—Was he not a little intoxicatoil ? Mr.
Field--I believe he was.

Solicitor —This young man, who has decent con-
nexions and has lately been married, feels some irri-
tation at being turned away, but he is extremely
sorry for what he has done, and promises not to go
near the Hall again. I have been speaking with the
gentlemen.
Alderman FAREBROTITER--If the gentlemen are
satisfied with an apology, I will not object.
Neither Mr. Hennell nor Mr. Field appearing satis-
fied, the Alderman directed the constable to be sworn.
The Solicitor asked him if he saw the assault ?
The officer answered that be had not.

Then, said the Solicitor, you have done wrong.
You title liable to an action for taking charge, when
you did not see the peace broken.
After some conversation among the parties, the
defendant .entered into his own renogni7ance in
100/. to keep the peace to all his Majesty's subjects
for one year.
DAY v. DAY.--In this case, Mr. Ephraim Thy,
a young married man, appeared upon summons to
answer the complaint of his wife, Sarah.
" Now Mrs. Day," said the Magistrate (Mr.
Alderman FAREBROTHER), " what have you to say
against your husband ?"
Mrs. Day, a very neat little body, replied—" Why,
Sir, I have to say that I can't live with him, on ac-
count of his ill usage."
" Well, but you must be a little less general in
your complaint," said the ALDERMAN ; " the sum-
mons you have obtained charges him with having
assaulted you on Monday last. Confine yourself to
that, if you please, and let us know how it happened."
" Why, Sir," replied Mrs. Day, " on Monday I
was going to see my sister, when he came running
after me like a tiger, and catched me just at the cor-
ner of Bunhill-row, and ' You hussey !' says he, ' if
you don't turn back and go home directly, I'll kick
you every inch of the way there !'—which it was
more Man half a mile, your Worship ! !"
" And did he kick you ?" asked the ALDERMAN.
" No, Sir, lie did not," replied Mrs. Day ; " for I
said to him—' No, you won't, Ephraim,' says I;
and of course, as my sister was with me, she would'nt
let him do that."
" Then what did he do ?" asked the ALDERMAN.

" Why, Sir, as I wouldn't go home with him, he
came to my sister's after me ; and, tho' we were
sitting at tea quite comfortable, he laid hold of me
and pulled me all round the room." Which pul-
ling, by Mrs. Day's description of it, seemed to be
something after the fashion of a rough waltz ; for as
he twirled her towards the door, she twirled him
away from it; but how the waltz ended (lid not ap-
pear in evidence.
This obligato matrimonial waltz was the assault
complained of; and the Magistrate asked Mr. Day
what he had to say to it ?
" A great deal," replied Mr. Day ; and thereupon
he did say a great deal more than had anything to
do with the matter immediately in hand—viz. the
rough obligato waltz—which indeed he never al-
luded to at all. In the first place he said his wife's
sister was a bad adviser ;"—secondly, that he had
" ordered" his wife not to keep company with her;
—thirdly, that she did keep company with her not-
withstanding—thereby breaking that part of her
matrimonial contract in which she contracted to
" love, honour, and obey ;"—fintrthly, that when he
came home to eat his meals, there was no meal for
him to eat—(save and except, perhaps, a little un-
cook'd oatmeal);—fifthly, that, upon one occa-
sion, he missed his best carpet and his only
child ; and that, upon his searching for them, he
found them at his wife's sister's ;—sixthly, that
when he brought the child and the carpet
home again, he had great trouble in putting the
child to bed, in consequence of his not being able to
find a night-cap ;—seventh)y, that after rummaging
for a night-cap until he was tired, lie was under the
disagreeable necessity of putting the child to bed
" as well as he could ;"—eighthly, that his wife did
not sleep at home that night ;—ninthly, that he was
greatly troubled in his mind, and could scarcely
sleep a wink' all that night—not so much on ac-
count of the absence of his wife, as from vexation at
not having been able to find a night-cap ;—tenthly,
that his wife had eventually stripped the house of
751. cash, and of almost every thing else it contained;
—eleventhly, that he was the more astonished at her
conduct because he, himself, was " as good a husband
as any lady need wish to have !"
" Now since you come to that, Ephraim Days" said
his wife, who had let him go rambling on with his de-
fence until he came to the last-named article, therein
" now since you come to that," said she, " I'll tell
all about it ! Your Worship, Mr. Day is not what
he looks to be; for he has got a young woman, at
Margate, that writes love-letters to him ! I opened
one of 'em myself, and found it all out ; and what's
more, though his name is Ephraim Day, he corre-
sponds with her by the name of .Tames Knight !"
"Oh day and night ! but this is wondrous
strange 1" cried Horatio, when he heard the ghostly
" Majesty of buried Denmark in the cellarage ;" and
Oh Day and Knight !" thought Mrs. Day when
she opened the Margate letter aforesaid, " there
must be something wrong in this !" and so she took
to being jealous ; and so every thing went wrong.
" Lbw is this, Sir?" said the MAGISTRATE: to
Mr. Day.

Mr. Day attempted to explain smilingly—" Why
the fact is," said he, " 1 met with a young woman
at Bartholomew fair, and she said to me, where
are you going ?' said she, ' I am going a little bit
of a walk,' said I. So am I,' said she; and the
fact is, I merely passed half au hour with the
young woman, and as she was going to Margate,
she asked me whether she might not write to me ;
and then she asked me my name, and, as my name
was Day, I told her it was Night ; and that was
all."

" Oh, Ephraim, you wretch !" said Mrs. Day—
" how can you say that was all, when you know you
supped with her upon roast fowls and pickled pork
the very night she went off to Margate !"
Mr. Day had not a word to say in contradiction
of the roast fowls and pickled pork ; and, it being
proved that he repeatedly assaulted his wife, even
when she was enceinte, he was ordered to find bail
to keep the peace, and, not being prepared there-
with, Mr. Day was locked up for the night.
