LONDON, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 31, iS3S

in is of a jury thaks eloquent speech, we have sel-
dommet with. We Mill, from the Paris journals of
TilerStilly, now before us, that the speech made a
deep impression on the Court, and truly we should
be surprised had the fact been otherwise. His manly
account of his past sufferings in the cause of political
liberty—his long incarceration for having prematurely
recognized the regal claims of Louts PHIL L I PPE—his
early and intimate connexion with M. PLOUGO ULIN,
the, very Advocate-General by whom he was then
prosecuted—his generous, his patriotic refusal of a
pension of six thousand francs per annum, offered
by the King of the Barricades as a compensation
for the evils which he had endured in supporting the
Orleans dynasty ; and his last request to the Jury, in
the event of his being found guilty—namely, confine-
ment in the same cell in which he had formerly en-
dured incarceration, for recogn:zing the sovereignty of
LOUIS PHILLIPPE—were enough to harrow up the
hearts of tyrants themselves, if, indeed, tyrants have
hearts susceptible of feeling. To form a correct im-
pression of the Government of LOUIS PIIILLIPPE, it
is hardly necessary to do more than peruse this speech.
There is is not a Sovereign in Europe who would have
dared to direct the prosecution of M. CAUCIIOIS
LEMAIRE under such circumstances ; nor is there
an Advocate-General in Europe, .standing in the same
relation to the accused, as the instrument of his prose-
cution, who would have had the effrontery to call for
conviction. But the K 'ro, and the tools of his

tyranny are admirably well associated in the op-
pression of the people. In the depth of hue the apos-
tacy of the several members of the Government may
differ a shade or two from its chief ; but in all else
they are one and the same—betrayers of their country,
and associated for the oppression and plunder of the
too-confiding patriots of July.
We refer our readers to our article of the 7th of
August—which, by the way, was purged of all its
stronger expressions before its re-appearance in the
Bon Sens and the Quotidienne. They will find it
prefixed to the repor:: of the trial. The lan-
guage may appear uncourteous ; but we defy
the French Government to prove that it con-
tains a word of untruth. We stated in substance

that the Charter guaranteed the Liberty of the Press.
We respectfully ask M. PERSIL, is that untrue ? We
stated that Lours PHILLIPPE had solemnly sworn to
maintain the Charter when he received the Crown at

the hands of the Deputies. We most humbly beseech
his Most Christian MAJESTY to say, is there, false-
hood in such a statement ? We asserted, that if
Frenchmen submitted to the abrogation of their
Charter, they were only fit for slavery. We
appeal to all educated Frenchmen if such be
not their conviction ? We dared to predict that
the FIESCHI laws would not be obeyed by the
Press and the people of France. We defy the
ADVOCATE-GENERAL, after his memorable defeat on
Wednesday, or rather, we should say, after his victory
,over the responsible editor of the Charivari, obtained
on the same day, to prove that the FIESCHI laws have
influenced the conduct of the Public Press or the
people.
We cannot deprecate too strongly the shameless
conduct of the ADVOCATE. GENERAL in directing
the conviction of the editor of the Quotidienne,
after the acquittal of M. C. LEMAIRE ; neither can
we sufficiently praise the honest firmness of the Jury in
acquitting him, despite of the influence directed
against him by the Government. Such manly and
upright conduct will convey a salutary lesson to Louis
PITILLIPPE and the hireling instruments of his tyranny.
In the mean while we shall continue to write as
strongly as we have written, provided that no change is
made in the system pursued by the French Government.
We defy Louis PHILLIPPE to prevent this Journal
from finding its may into the capital of France. He may
proscribe it as often as he pleases : we shall take care
,
that his proscriptions .prevent not its circuiation in
Paris. We will not explain to his MAJEsTY the way
in which we can evade -11iS Royal Decrees ; but even
if we did, he could not avail himself of our information.
Personally, we care not'a rush for the Sovereign of the
FRENCH. We have, therefore, no private feelings to
gratify. All we look to--ill we have ever looked to, is
the happiness of the French people, of whose friend-
ship we are justly proud, and whose close alliance
with England we regard as essential to the peace, se-
curity, and political regeneration of the two most
powerful nations in the world. Those who suspect
from our articles on French policy, that we are jealous
of the glory and the tranquillity of France, do us the
greatest injustice. God is our witness that were
Louis PHILLIPPE to abolish the Fieschi laws, restore
the charter, and grant an amnesty to the pri-
soners of April, we should most cheerfully give
him all the assistance 'in our power ; but
so long as, under any pretext whatever, his MAJESTY
perseveres-in curtailing and abrogating the constitu-
tional rights of the French people, so long will The
Sun labour to effect the subversion of his throne, and
the downfal of the whole dynasty.
The other domestic and foreign intelligetce in
the Paris Journals of Thursday, is not important.
The RijOrmateur did not appear on Wednesday,
as both its late Editors were in prison, and ar-
rangements had not been completed for registering
a third—the FIESCHI laws having declared the publi-
cation of,every journal illegal, which has not a res-
ponsible conductor, which responsibility ceases when
the conductor is within the clutches of the Govern-
ment, in order that a new victim be provided.
FRENCH FUNDS.—PARTR, OcTossa
Five per Cents 108 f. 75c. 7. c. 00c. 1.15 c.
Four and a Half tier Cents. 1021.
Four per Cents., 99f.
hr .c per tents. Slf 50c 45c. 05c. (10e.
Bank Act.. ns, 9,11X/f. 2,195i:6:4'20K 2,1901.2,195 f.
Bente de Napie.. SW. 30c 35c.
Roman Five per Cents., 104 103 X 101.
Rte Irree)ee irerCits :IA
74
Royal Svani;lf Lsian, 34 44ig. Cents.,
.RentePerpet.d'E4pagne; Fimper Cent., 34 2.4% 3h
Belgian Loan, Five per Cents, IN,
Portuguese Three per Cents. 5.5%.
ItaVti4n I,oell# IDOL 355 f.
gicinimna oN LONPON.
One Mena), paper, Vsf. 55c. ; Money, 251 :sc.
Three months, paper, 25f. 40e. money, 25f. 40e.
—Cours AuthenliouC.
I3ovnsa THREE o'CLocx.—The arrival of some favourable
news from Spain of the 22d has raised the price of the Bastes,
which were as low as slf. 424 c. to They have gone up
to 81f. 70c. Spanish stock his improved only about percent.
QUARTER TO FOWL—Five per Cents., 10sf, 80c. ; Three
per Cents., 81f. 65c. ; Five per Cents. Spanish, 34; Three
I,~or r, aro, Spanish, 20-} ; Cortes, 344 ; Coupons, 19 ; Ouch.
lords, 34k DiairOol 141:; New Loan, 43 ; Attires, 434- ;
Passives, .1
; 00 40; Romans, 104 ; Pcdros, 8;
Belgians, 10'2 ; Dumb, —f. ; Haytiaps, 4641, ; Mires,
: Brabant Bank, —; Belgian Bank,

gooey Vapors to the 12th of June have been re.
ceived at the North 41)4 south American Coffee-
house. The following are Ottraets
" It is supposed that great changes are about to he made In
the police department of the colony : the late Ministry has
done us the unspeakable honour to place
.upon our shoulders
the expanse attendant upon tt pploni al police, of an additional
amount of 25,0004 per &Ain%
" One of thp principal reasons of the unpopularity of the
Legislative Coutteil is their want of sympathy for the distress
of the population of the Wog, Here is a large mass of
valuable emigrants on tha point of kelp stripped of their
property, and the Councillors, take no notice of it i they do oqt
even ask
a question about it.
Port of Launceston Imports and Exports for the Quarter
ending April 5, 1835;--Imports, 43,103/. Ms. Bd. ; Exports,
62,6641. Ar...ount of ctistnn.l Duties, ,o7qt.
Qs. Bd.
" The supply of whop dorm; fhe past wpelE hrR been ithout
3,500 ickishci4, which havesrc4liseti thu ins; ilotation, q/14 a
small quantity was sold at 10s. 6d. per boshel ; the general
average for the week was an advance in a trifling &agree."

The following are extracts from German Papers re.-
SOYe4 this morning :---
YIENN4, 0,(7. 17.--It is said that t'te Emperor of Russia
.011 yisjt Odessa .1:).t his wk q gqpry...hireb, Dail that Lord

Durham will either wait there for him or meet him in same
other place in the south of Russia,.and accompany him to St.
Petersburgh, where his Imperial Majesty thought of arriving
about the middle of November.
It is generally affirmed that his Majesty the Emperor Fer-
dinand intends to pardon the political prisoners at Brunn also,
and that the decree of the 4th March will be applied to them.
In this case Count Gonfaloniere and his companions will be
sent to America. Several other persons condemned for poli-
tical offences are also mentioned as likely to become objects of
his Majesty'; inexhaustible clemency.
HAM3URG, OCT. 26.—The English frigate commanded by
Captain Gray, which conveyed Lady Durham to St.. Peters-
burgh, passed Copenhagen on the 20th, on its return.
The number of Ships of all nations which passed the Sound
to and fro►n the Baltic, in the month of September,was 1,291 ;
of which 409 were English, viz., 272 from the North Sea to
the Baltic, and 137 from the Baltic to the North Sea.

HAMBURG BORSEN HALLE, 0cr."27.
. FOREIGN FUNDS. Bills. Money.
Austrian Metalliques, 5 per cent.
Ditto ditto 3 percent.
Ditto Rank Shares 1312 13541
Anglo-Russian LO3ll
Ditto, h per cent 100.,4 10 i%
Paper Inscription. 6 per cent —
Russian Inscription, Hope and Co., 3d and 4th
Series
Ditto, Certificates
Portuguese Regency Bonds, 5 per cent SI% 851 A
Ditto, 3 per cent , `.6q sr;
Dutch 24 ?er Cents.
Ditto 5 per Cents —
Polish Bonds, 3 per cents.
A tielo-Danish Loan, 3 per cents 7.15%, 7414
Norwegian I.oan of IRA, 4 per cents.
Spanish, in piastres, a per Cents —
Ditto 4 per Cent. —
Cortes Loan, 5 per Cent
EXCHANGES ON LONDON
Havana°, OCT. 27.-13 IN ; two months, 13 jr.
STOCKIIOI.M, OCT. 20.—Two months, 12 3.
Be rum. Oct'. 24.—Three months, 6. 2A%.
ST. PETERSBURG'', Ocr. 16 —Three months, 10 21-64 11-32.
BRE3IEN, Ocr. 23 —T%o months, 612 611.
—Hamburg Papers, Oct. 27.

Letters and Papers from Madrid to' the 23d inst.,
have been received. Their contents, as may be seen
by our extracts from them, are decidedly favourable to
the cause of the young QUEEN. The recent victory
obtained by the QUEEN'S troops over the Carlists near
Olot, has broken the spirit of the Navarrese insurgents.
According to the Madrid Gazette of the 20th, the
Carlists lost five hundred and seventy-five killed, be-
sides 200 who were made prisoners. The capture of the
Carlist chief, O'DONNELL, the second in command,
is regarded as most important ; and no doubts are en-
tertained of the speedy pacification of Navarre.

The Central Junta of Andalusia has at last de-
clared for the QUEEN'S Government. This, in the
present state of affairs, is another victory gained by M.
