SICILIAN PAlsglt.

The extraordinary prioceedings in Sicily, to
which the 13ritisli Minister and Comniauder-in,
Chief Lord VaLtAM tENTINCit
led to the following explanation in ..The'Re,
gistru Politico, dated 15th of November, from
Fiderino

' • . INSSOLtTION OF PARLIAMENT, •
This event has already been aniiemnced in all
the public prints of this Island, and we therefore
forbear repeating the -circtimstanCes or transerib.;
ing the Speech made on the occasion in the name
of his Royal Highnesi, the Prince Vicar, b3l
P.xcellency the Prince Della Catholica, Royal
Commissary, which has been so generally the
subject of conversation, but we conceive it to be
our duty to offer Some reflections, not tooliscOtt-
rage, but on the contrary, to give satisfactiomto
the public mind.
Those who.are not sufficiently acquainted with
the human heart to know the tardiness anti dif-
ficulty of its progress towards perfection, have
been both astonished and alarmed at the disor-
derly proceedings which have hastened the disso-
lution of the Parliament of the present year.
Murmurs have been heard predicting the dissolu-
tion of the Government, on the ground of the
impossibility of conferring a free constitution on
it nation which is not prepared to receive it,
,and
which is incapable of enjoying it with discretion ;
stud it is further said, that there is nothing to be
expected front such a system but the disunion .of
the elements of the State, and the introduction
of a new Ministerial despotism, more injurious
end tyrannical than the worst they had to appre-
hend from the ancient institution.
Such are the arguments Which are employed,
but the eye of wisdom discovers in the midst of
these political sophisms nothing more in what
has occurred than the natural and necessary con-
sequences of moral improvement. Instead of
having his fears awakened, to the intelligent man
it rather appears surprising that the .changes in
Sicily should have been effected with so-little dif-
ficulty, and that her regeneration should have
been accomplished in so short a period, and with
so little disturbance. Whoever is acquainted with.
history cannot be ignorant, that not only the re-
lease from tyrannical chains, but even the varia-
tions, of a trifling nature, in the scheme of go-
vernment, have often deluged whole countries
with blood, and involved them in all the miseries
of civil contention. The Sicilians, however, for-
tunately assisted by powerful allies, and gene-
rously supported by the dynasty which rules over
them, have become free at one leap front the vortex
of despotism, and have obtained, as the basis of
their future happiness, a Constitution furnished
by a wise nation, and which, to that nation has
Bost ages of labour, vigilance, discretion, and
courage.
Who, then, would have flattered himself, that a
transition so rapid, so unexpected, and so extia-
ordinary, could have been made from a Govern-
went, absolute in the exercise4if not in the right,
and that the hearts and minds of Sicilians 'could
have been awakened
,from the long dream of
slavery with such a gentle concussion ? The two
great co-operating springs.of human action (each
of which is represented as superior to the other
by the illustrious philosophers of the eighteenth
century, Helvetius and-Montesquieu), education,
and climate, necessarily operate upon the sensi-
bility of this people. Their dispositions, naturally
filled with
.combustible elements, like the august
monument of nature on their island, and that ir-
ritability increased by the influence of
they become inebriated with the first draughts. of
freedom, dazzled with the --first:rays of the sun of
liberty, and, with the ._honourable exception' of a
few individuals, they are led away by their enthn-
siasin,. and are anxious. to extend the limit of
;power beyond the.trust reposed. in them, and whh-
out calculating the balance of that power; which
mutt ever he preserved.
Notwithstanding these circumstances, resulting
1-feom a Constitution bestowed upon us rather by
e sudden chance than by sober reflection and pro-
- gressive exertion, the' great hotly of the nation
hare found this Government established 'in their
hearts, and haver fought under the banners of the
new Constitution with animation and gratitude;
Cranks to the wise Prince who governs us, thanks
to the prudence of that person who represents
our powerful Ally, and thanks to the discreet Mi-
nister who occupies himself With so ruuchrdili-
Once for the welfare of the island. • Had not the
dissolution of the Parliament taken place, a
counter-revolution was to be apprehended, but
by that seasonable measure every fear is dissipat-
ed, and every hope encouraged. If there are any
who disapprove of, the speech of his Royal Highness
the Prince Vicar, pronounced on that .occasion,
we beg of them to consider whether in presump-
tion and arroguice this disapprobation does not
originate ; but this speech is rather addressed isi
those who have unwillingly been led aside to the
right path, than to those who have abandoned it
deliberately nail wittingly front the influence -of
pride and passion, and to the former a history is
given of the disturbances which have arisen, and it is
laid before Parliament to spew how far they have
been accidentally occasioned, in order that they
may be avoided in future. His Highness has pru-
dently determined, in consequence of these disor-
ders, to afford the necessary time for the people
to reflect that the finances must be distinctly re-
gulated ; that among the first duties of a Legisla-
tive Body should be:considered the laws and adtni-
nistration, and that in politics and in' mechanics
it_may not be always an unpardonable error to
begin at the top instead of Vie base, in the con-
struction.of the machine. This. short -time will
likevrise.: enable the Metplois of Parliament to re-
fleet, that the political poWer they arrogate he-
yowl the limits of legislation, distabs .the just
equipoise of the State : that despotism is equally
detestable whether in the hands of many or of
cite only ; and that the ne plus ultra of the happi-
ness of a nation nonsists in maintaining the equi-
lilliThn of the executive, legislative, and judicial
o • a t satisfaction must it impart to all
good to observe, that a wise, generous,
and it •-:l Pi- ince thus, itt his speech,. renews. the
of ~---riuination to maintain
which he bas so liberally

Catifierecl hint tis. Ne'Ver bah be POrg'otteti the
AddresS of this virtudus Prince, on the opening of
the Parliament of 1812 never *ill it be 'erased
from the Memory of LiiCilians-, that he prOpOsed
to them a Constitution oh the niodei of that of
Great Britain, which the prosperity of their king-
doms has proved to be the best that social insti-
tution is capable of adopting, That - Constitution
*as recommended by thePrinee from, thefirm con-
viction of his mind of its excellence, and froni his
solicitude to see the natives of this Country free
and happy, from the anxiety he felt, that they
shotild rank with the other nations of Enrope,
and that they should become even superior ,to
those' natibns in proportion to the free character
their Giivernment. : . .

Dismiss all doubt and apprehensions, and be
assured that those .who have given birth to this
Constitution, will not stifle it in its infancy. We
look with confidence to our Prince, with hope to
those potent and faithful Allies who have co-ope-
rated for our regeneration, and with gratitude,to
the Council under whose auspices the political re-
forms are conducted. We'trrist that :these consi-
derations, solemnly examined, will tranquilize the
minds of 'the Sicilians who assembled in the New
Parliament,' or represented by honourable persons
influenced by no party, will direct their vigilant
attention to those objects which are indispensable
to the hippiness of the Country, and to the vigour
and permanence of the ffitto. Constitution.

DUBLIN, JAN. 13.
