'date is a little incomprehensible
it:t " COPENHAGEi4, APRIL-6.—Am4g :other ‘11,.,
.fdtmiled reports', there is one of the near arrival'
obd
br:iin'tlglish flees in, the
:1•14'
C " BRUSSELS, APRIL 17.—The Duke of Wel-
tf
tr:• littgeor, COmmantler in Chief of the Army of Oc-
eP
cupation, is at length .arrived at Catubray, pre
us
ur ceded and fidlowed by a very numerous general
via
%Sian, and a very considerable suite. Trite respec7
tive Commanders of the Russian, Danish, and
llanoverian contingents, Coma WorOnzow, the
l'rince of Hesse,' and General, Alters, are invited
Catubray, to settle some arrani;ements respect-
kt'g changes in the cantonments. It is affirmed
that the Commautter in Chief 'of the ot:ier two
ul great Corps, namely. the Austrian and Prussian,
wilt come to.Cambr:v. tis believed a the head-
quarters that the Duke will stay there longer than
sf; was at first supposed, The Duke has testified to
the Generals in Chief his particular satisfaction
on account 'of' the exemplary discipline observed
by the troops, and the good understanding in
which they live with the inhabitants.
" A certain number of French ,ingitives, who
arc in this city, have received orders to quit it,
but most of them have not coMpliqd, and seek to
evade the millers under all kinds- of pretexts. It
h, however, affirmed, that it will -be positively
renewed very shortly."

The Empress of AUSTRIA died at Verona on the
ith, in her 29th year. Her disorder was a Con-
-111thapt101).

The Newcastlesoiled from Portsmouth yesterday
with Sir PULTENEY and Lady MaLcotm, anti the
Jtussian and French Comtnissioners (Count IIAL-
*IN and AIargiIiSAIONTCHENU), 14ir StMeletta.—
The Austrian Cinnmissioner (BaronSTuamga) in
the Orontes, sailed in company with the New-
cgsile. (See our Naval News.)

Xxtrict of a Letter front Messrs, VAXSCHAIK and GIVAN,
'' dated New York, 16th March, 1816, to flack, NIICIIOI.,
and Fonsmr, London.

",The subject of the New Tariff is still before
Congress ; and it is strongly repo! ted that the
National tank Bill will pws Congress and become
Ittw."

. The Royal Nuptials we have. no doubt will take
place, next ‘veelt, awl we believe the 2'd 'of May
is the dry fixed for the eerernony. On Saintclay
some of the doinestics arrives) front Cranbottrn
Lodge, and commenced the necessary tprepaid-
ti(ll)s4ll Carnelian, [louse.

r I.e' Ait
• ',AI i-ince of COBULIG expeeteil 'at Winikim
to •day to dinner; aria her Royal Highness, hay-
it)g VIE to NTr. lloseNuetto'for it pi'ofile on
inst has, we understand-, appoiliteti Thot Way 'for
Mr, ItosF,Natao, inn. to tike Likenessei of her.
ielf.tuld the Prince. From this ciretnastanee are
eoncittile that the niarriage Nvill not be protracted
bcyund,the period ‘ve•have assigned.

*The last Mail from the Brazils brought letters
al the Bth January from Buenos Ayres. One of
them gives the following account of the defeat of
.General RoNnem:r, and the measures taken to re-
inforce the insurgent army in Peru :

We have here the report, that on the igth and -9th. of No-
ri:.her General l'ezuela‘ completcl;. defeated General Row.'
dcau in the t4nclnada of sioe Sipe, oar Oropesa, in Coclia-
Jmnilm. It should seem that Peznela lind received a •rein-
forcement the day before, and that his force iii 'toted to
5900 men. Rondeati, after the battle, retreated to chart:eq.
'This Government has not rceived to this day any di,p.neh
trout Rondvau I there is only a letter from Colonel Fremli,
truso :WU, which deserves little attention. It is said that
the valiant Nrcochea, as also Forel, and twenty (Ahem of
the same regiment, fell on the field -or battle. • The whole
regiment of negro-es, and nearly nll- the cavalry, perished.
This:intelligence must not, however, he looked upon us ccr-
iri all the'details ; we only may tole it for granted, that
-Rondeatt has been defoatett. Colonel French set out from
"Tucuman With 1000 men, on post barges, am! Gnemes from
'Salta, it►pith 2000 men, to join ener.,l Itoodeao. This Go-
vernment is preparing to send reinforcements to Peru.
he'l subjoined extract of a letter, dated the fillt
'February, front Rio de Janeiro, contirnis the ad-
'vises prcvionsly received as to. the preparations
'lnahing in Brazil for an expedition against Gen.
'AnTiGAs • •

, You.may depend on it, 1 Lat Artigas will he attacked, era
3,ing,'hy our troops, now hise,sol,iilw at )(it, firaside, to whio
gili.ce 1500 militia, horse, than St. Paul's; and BUO regular
.caralry,i nit art iced from Lidion, have hero. sent, 'they are
*only waiting lir i he art it al of the rest of the transport s, with
purr from t.iihuu, to begin the grand attack on the iirtiviace
4if tbe

Yesterday o:llsp:itches were received 'et the Se-
vretory of btaies 'Office from Sir Cnas.'STUAliT
at Palk.

It iJail from Lisbon arrived yesterday, by which
"conveyance dispaidies were received at Visconnt
Ci;',TLEII lI'S (MT, alillollneing Ihe i97iVai at
stbst place of the Granichl frigate, Captain Wisa,
',with Mr. ‘VA'an and suite on bnard,

t"1 col to [wily (if!' 1111.111 Tapers, the Em-
peror FtiAtlets i 4 about to TC31.1311t: tll title of
4tl veror of Germany,
. _

Acuouots from St: lietershorgh, to the 28tH of
arlarell) take no notice of the T:irift.

The project of Sir SIDNEY Smyr,tt for there.
teSsiOn dt the Barbary pirates, and the rescuing
bri,stians horn slavery, appears to attract consi-
ilerable attention at Paris. A inceting •of cheva.
tiers, an I fl
o..ter .01.1 011$ Otoindters Of this lanilable
iindellitkillg, Was lately held in Paris, or Which
sir gIDNEY WWI lirtSideln, and at which were
resent Viscount DK CHATEMJIIRIAND, ViSCffilla
GIN De BOURBON, Viscount MaTat cc./ Dg
.24ioNrmottEttt.rr, together with several other mi.
!lent persons.
