tninlolit to a set' Of 'ONO- '
t.,..,-.)orted by a parcel of borough-
-4r,,, t r The voice of individuals would •
e..); t!:e prosperity of the country depended
upon the voice of the atillions who were now to
de er:rine whether they were to exercise their
liltkrties, or to abandon them for ever. lie was
convinced that there were millions of people in
England and Ireland who were determined to the
rather than to submit to slavery of any kind. The
page of history said, that never was there a meet-
ing of despots, whose object was slot a cot„,-;)I-
-racy against the liberties of mankind. Those who
wt e now assembling could not be supposed to
have any other motive in view ; and could the
valiant people of this nation tif.e sixteen millions
enslaved by halt a million If Persia, and Turkey,
aad the East Indies were looked to, it would he
seen how many millions of slaves attended the
heck of almost a single tyrant. Ministers were
doing that against which the feelings of human
oarott revolted, and which charactelised the most
savage slate of existence.
Dr. %Vag-son) then proceeded to read the decla-
ration, which, lie said, was the result of long and
deliberate cousidei anon. It was tot:owed by. a
siring of resolutions, 26 in number, which it is
utineeessaty to give in detail. In substance,
however, thty objected to the present cons•itn-
tion of the House of Commons, insisted on the
right of tinivershl snlfrage—comlenmed the exist-
ence of a standing army—pointed out the pro-
priety of substituting; the ancient civil force for a
military ole, and the reliance for our defence
from iiivasion, rather upon a militia drawn front
the great body of the people than upon a regular
force.
.They next condemned the conduct of
Ministers in the employment of spits and intor-
mers, and the passim; of the Corn Bill.
'!'lre Resolutions lastly condemned !he encou-
ragement -given to the Bank of England in the
loot. of their paper.
There was noiv and then a' slight interruption,
and one man in the crowd cried out " false." Mr.
Hunt said, that.as the inyi tuitions of Government
were ready to pounce upon any in the assembly
who appeared warm. it would be advisable to le-
strain the natural teeliugs upon such an occasion.
All the Resolditions in the declaration were then
carried, and Mr. Hoot said they would, no doubt,
appear in the public papers, with the comments
of the hirelings of Ministers. Mr. Hour then
said, that a remonstrance to the Prince Regent
would he proposed, which was couched in !at,
• wiiige such as a free people should use to their
,Sovereign.
Mr. Gass., a ship;builderpf Deptford, seconded
the motion.- •
A penny subscription for -furthering the objects
of the meeting was proposed by Mr. WATsON,
,and carried; ,
Mr. HUNT entered the Home Office alone, and
'was immediately introduced to Lord Sidmouth,
to whom he delivered the remonstrance. Mr. H.
-then returned to the persons who waited for him,
and stated that Lord Sidnionth had promised to
give thrlll an answer in a few days. The crowd
then dispersed.

grin,
