IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, FEBRUARY 18.
The Post-Master-General Bill was read a third time
and passed.
The Duke of RICHMOND moved for a copy of the
report of the Select Committee in the House of Commons
on the subject of the poor laws.
The Earl of ROSEBERY presented a petition from
Falkirk in favour of Reform.
Lord KING presented a petition from Chichester in
favour of reduction of taxes; also several petitions from
different parts of Ireland for the repeal of the Union.
Lord KENYON presented a petition from Monmouth..
shire against slavery.
On the motion of the Marquis of SALISBURY, the
Poor Laws Amendment Bill was read a first time.
The Earl of WINCHILSEA presented a petition from
Sittingbourne for the employment of labourers; also peti-
tions from Lenbain and several other places praying for
the repeal of the malt duties. The Noble Earl cordially
concurred with the prayer of the petitioners, and ob-
served, that it was his firm belief that the measure
of last year, with reference to the beer duties, which was
carried into effect by his Majesty's late Ministers, had
been the means in a great degree of causing those dis-
turbances which had taken place. He strongly recom-
mended the present Ministers to do away with the
malt tax altogether, and to revise the land tax.
The Duke of WELLINGTON denied that the course
pursued by his Majesty's late Ministers had produced the
effects attributed to them by the Noble Earl, observing,
that it must be remembered that that measure did not take
effect till October last, whereas the consequences attributed
to it were in full force long prior to that period.
COAL TRADE.

The Duke of WELLINGTON, seeing the Noble Earl
at the bead of his Majesty's Government in his place,
wished to know whether Ministers, in the measure they
intended to bring forward for the reduction of duty on sea-
borne coal, had adopted any plan by which it would be
relieved from several of the local duties attaching upon
it, particularly the 6d. and 10d. duties for the purpose of
building London-bridge. He, the Duke of Wellington,
having no doubt, if those duties were not taken off, the
me,tsure proposed by Ministers would not have that bene-
ficial effect which it was generally considered it would have.
Earl GREY had no doubt that great evils arose from
the manner in which the coal trade was conducted in the
city of London. With respect to the first object of the Noble
Duke, he (Earl G.) understood there was a Bill about to be
introduced into the other House. With respect to the 6d. and
10d. duties for the purpose of building London-bridge,
that was a subject that would have to be further considered.
because it was desirable, if possible, to relieve the coal
trade from the pressure of that exorbitant duty, but
at the same time he could not but observe to the
Noble Duke that it was only a temporary measure,
which would soon be removed in consequence of the com-
pletion of the object for wech it was imposed.
The Marquis of BUTE thought it but justice to his
Majesty's late Ministers to say that they were the first who
instituted any inquiry into the state of the coal trade.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY could not give
the late Government the credit which the Noble Nlarqu;s
seemed anxious to ascribe to them, firmly believing that
had they been in power at the present moment, his Ma-
j. sty's subjects would never have been relieved from the
coasting duty on coal. •
