IHE ARMY.

(From the Limerick Chronicle of Dcc: 17.)
On Thursday the half-yearly inspection of the6ltlt
regiment took place in the. Waterford barrack-square
by Major-General Sir G. Bingham, when they went
through the various evolutions in a manner highly
creditable to the corps, and which drew front ;)ir
George his marked approbation. The interior eco-
nomy of the regiment was found eoirect and uniform
in all its details. - Sir George was accompanied by
Major Vincent, Quartermaster-general.
On Thursday the
.reserve companies of the 1:?th
regiment, stationed in Bode, underwent their :half-
yearly inspection before Major-General. Sir Thomas
Arbuthnot, who expressed his 'entire- approbatien of
the soldier-like and cleaitly appearance of the 'men
under arms; also of the hospital and barracks; and
stated that he would take an early opportunity of re-
porting to -head-quarters the excellent condition in
which he found Cie depot.
Two companies of the Bth, Ar King's regiment.
marched from Enniskillen on Mondat for Cogan, to
relieve the detachments,there, in Clones, Cootehiil,
N.ingscourt, and other towns in that neighboUrhood.

SHERIFF OF SURREY'S COURT.

KINGSTON, DEC. 19.

HAYNES V. TREVOR.

This .wit an 'action brought by the plaintiff, a gen-
tleman of fortune, residing at Ashstvad, in Surrey,
against the defendant; who was formerly in. the
Lancers, and who had vow rrtired from the army, to
recover damages for criminal conversation with the
plaintiL's wife. The damages were laid at 3,0001.

Mr, GURNEY, and his sen, Mr. R. Guamsv, ap-
peared for the plaintiff, having been speeially
brought down from London, end Mr. WIOCITMAN
attended on the part of the defendant.
It appeared from the statements made in the contra
of the trial, that the plaintiff mid his Wife, who is
the daughter of Sir Timothy Shelley, were married
in the year 1519. They lived together from that
time until the unfortunate circumstance teak 'place
which led to their separation, in the most affeetioe-
ate and endearing manner, and two children suers
the fruits.of their union. The plaintiff at the present
time n-as 30 years of age, his wife was about the same
age, and the defendant wee in his 49;11 I:ear. The plain-
tiff and his wife were in, the prOaying an annual
visit to the plaintiff's mother, et Brimfield, near
Southampton, and while on one of these visits the
defendant was introduced to them. 'They afterwards
became more intimately acquainted, and the defend-
ant became a constant visitor to the plaintiff and his
family. How soon after the acquaintance commenced
the defendant siacceeded in seducing the affections
of the lady did not appear, but it was known that
the illicit connection was carried on during the time
the plaintiff received the defendant as his friend,
and without the slightest suspicion on his part of the
unflitlifalneFe of !ii3 wife. The e!.viril*, en quitting
Barnfield with hie wife for Ashstend, left the de-
fendant at Southampton. The defendant soon after
proceeded to Epsom; and it would seem that the
elopement had previously been planned by the de-
fendant and the plaintiff's wife ; for the defendant,
on his-arriving at Epsom, ordered hones to be placed
to his carriage, and directed the driver to proceed ti
Dorking. On arriving at a place called Burford-
bridge, which is near Ashatead, the defendant di-
rected the driver' to procure fresh horses, and. left
the defendant with the carriage at Burford-bridge,
but on his return he fonnd the lady in the carriage.
The horses' heads were then turned in' a contrary
direction to Dorking, and the parties proceeded to
the coast, to embark for the Continent. After the
elopement, the defendant and the lady were not heard
of for some time. They were first discovered at
Paris, where they were living as man and wife. The
friends of the lady then endeavoured to prevail upon
her to quit her seducer, bat she rejected their advice.
The parties were next seen at Dover, where they
lived in the most public manner, and passed as man
and wife. Fifteen months after the elopement the
lady gave birth to a child. At this time she wrote
several letters to her husband, couched ih the most.
penitent terms, not asking for a reconciliation, but
imploring permission to ace her children. The plain-
tiff, however, returned no Answer to those communi-
cations.

This was the suWance of th 2 evidence produced
on the part of the plaintiff.
Mr. WIGHTMAN would not call arty witnesses to
contradict the facts that had been proved ; and he
deeply regretted that he must acknowledge that the
statement that had been made was founded in truth.
Mr. ABBOTT, the Unit r-SheritT, summed up the
case to the Jury. He recapitulated the evidence
which had been brought forward at the inquiry, ar4d
left it to the Jury to award the amount of compensa-
tion which they considered the plaintiff was> entitled
to receive for ;he severe injury he had received by the
conduct of the defendant.
The Jury, after consulting together a short time,
returned a verdict for the plaintiff—Damages, 2,0001.

V? 1
in workmen's mages in the stuff manucture has just taken
pl.lee Keighley,:though the demand for the goods made
assert that this decreased reinunera-
` e -lear With aome surprise that a reductionn
at that place is unusually brisk for the season of the year.
We do not positively
tion for the workmen's labour >s unnecessary, but cer-
tainly the neoesPity is not very obvious; and an opinion,
we know, prevails amongst well-informed manufacturers,
at no great distance, that it ought not to have taken place.
That is the best state of trade for masters when Lir
wages are given to the workmen ; and nothing tends mere
to injure any maunfacture than extremely low wage;._.
Leeds Mercury.

FURTHER PROGRESS OF LIBERALITY.
The cause of intolerance has got its death-blow in York.
Aire. The result of the fatal measure of establishing a
Brunswick Club in Leeds is already well known through-
out the kingdom. A similar, though a less violent pro-
ceeding, has been attempted at Halifax, but with no better:
snecees. The ti iends of Civil and Religious Liberty, with
a spirit that does them honour, at a meeting held' at the
A% bite Lion Inn, in that place on Monday last, John Haigh
Esq. in the chair, issned et " Constitutional and Liberal
Protestant Declaration" in faronr of the Catholic Chilli-leg
which is already very numerously signed, and is distributed
widely throughout the extensive parish of Halifax. This
proceeding will more than neutralise the intolerant Decla-
ration, and will serve to show his Majesty's Government,
along with other evidence, that in addition to three-fout the
of the people of Ireland, a very large portion of the people
of England are in favour of emancipation. At Halifax the
very worthy
Vicar, to his honour be it spoken. ranks
among the Liberals. A meeting of the Archdeacon and
Clergy of the Deaneries of Richmond and Catteriek was
held at Richmond, in this county, on the Nth inst., on the
subject of the Catholic Claims. This meeting was an-
nounced as a high anti-Catholic meeting, lint the result Lai
shown that those who came to eurse remained to Nese, and
it was rather a meeting to support the Catholic Claims,
with securitiese, than to oppose them. After stating that it
is the duty of all the loyal subjects to preserve our excel-
lent Constitntion in Church and State, the Archdeacon and
Clergy re.3olred---" That it is more especially the bounden
duty of the Clergy eat neatly to petition both Houses of
Parliament, that if they shall (L.:-,in it expedient to legis-
late for the ease and tranquillity of any part of his Majesty'a
dominions, or any part of his it 1 ajoity 's subjects, corn-
plaining of religious disabilities, they will be careful to
preserve, in perfect security, our Established Church,
which is conducive to the maintenance Of true, sound,
practical religion, within these realms, and so favourable to
the unlimited toleration and free exercise of the religious
worship of every denomination of Christiana." That a
contrast im here to the violent and seditious declaration of
the Leeds Brunewiekers, whet hare rendered themselves as
notorious by their violence as ridiculous by their folly !....
Leeds Iferettry,

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS,
(From the Gazette di France of Satarday.)

BRODY, Nov. 25.—1 t is said that scvtosal Polish
officers of the staff and engineershev received Order s
to go to Jassy, in order to mite part in the Councils
which are going to be held on the subject of the next
campaign. As there are many officers in the Polish
- army, who are perfectly acquainted with the mode
of carrying on war with the Turks, such a choice
cannot but be advantageous. It is also affirmed that
several Poles, employed in the finance and victualling
departments,
.have :been _ summoned to St. Peters,.
burgh by M. Cencrin, the Minister of nuance.
Four thousand fresh troops have been sent to Gene-
• ral Geismar. It seems that the men who were em-
ployed in the siege of Silistrin are going to winter
in the Principalities, and that earliest measures are
in contemplation for the organiattien or these pro-
vinces. This resolution cannot fail to be very agree-
able to the inhabi;ants, and particularly to the
Boyards, who appear to have nothing so much at
heart ever since the arrival of the Russian troops,
and were even willing to make a loan abroad.
Several merchants in th neighbouring State! had
sent travellers to Sassy, to make themselves
ac-
quainted with the wants of the Russian 'troops.—
We haws since learnt that these houses intend to
take the contracts. for light cloths and leather, for
acconnt of the Russian Government, the result of
which will be advantageous to our market. On the
other hand, contracts have been made in Russia it-
self, with private persons, for supplying the Russian
army with provisions next year.
Letters from Jassy say that the stormy season ren-
dering the navigation of the Black Sea very diffi-
cult, it has been determined at Odessa to employ
light vessels which can keep close in with the coast,
to convey supplies to the Turkish fortresses on the
Black Sea which are in the hands of the Russians.
A company is also formed for the navigation of that
sea by steam-boats.
PARIS, DEC. 19.—Nothing has yet transpired
(says the Journal ells Commerce) respecting the
Council held yesterday, in which it seems that the
affeir of Hayti was very warmly discussed. It is
merely ssid, that the negociations with the Envoy
of Hayti will be-continued, but it is not said whether
the proposals that wilt be made to him-Will be within
the limits of the ability of the Republic. The nue&
tion, Whether the French Ministry will expose itsell
or not to• a ruptute With frOyti,, is precisely equiva-
lent to this--will it content.itself with what Hayti
can pay, or will it requite more
(Prom the, Courier Fraricait)
PARIS, DEC. 19.-;--The Gazette of yesterday gives
the following staternerte; which we dO not aatarantee
—" The increased ietNitY-lately noticed in the de-
partment of foreitir affaikit afipcirrs to have induced a
Foreign Ambassador • to use hifliience to in-
sroduce into the Ministry a,person favoUrable to the
interests of Russia, Such are the causes which
have led a Minister to alter his views, who does not
desire that-the Ministry of M. Martignac. should be-
- tome the:. Ministry of M. Pasguier. We are in-
formed that •this.rneniber of the Ministry of Decazes
and the-Duke-of Riehelietemay become Minister of
'Foreign 'Alrait*- and intrOdirce into the present Mi-
nistry the- dorneetfc policy of .M: Decazes, Mid the
fo:=eigii of the 'Duke de Richelieu. In this
eate, M. dela FertOnays. would tie President of the
Couueiloyithent anotbeteeffice, and M. Ravei woukl
. be made "I'l4r,,te_take from
~the Royalists one of
their eloquent • sitgonssirs.the Chamber. On the
other side, the following are the names of the Ali-
- Piste's which the Coalitiorepropose to put in :
M. Chatesubriand..;... • Minister of Foreign Affairs.
f. 11iolE- •Minister of stustiee.
M. Roy . ..;.v -Minister of Finance. -
M. C,assimir Perrier... Minister of Commerce.
The Duke de Broglie... Minister of Interior.
Sebastiani Minister of War,
M. Hyde de 'Neuville Minister of Marine.
M. Vatismouil Minister of Public Instruction.
" The place of Minister for.E.eclesiastical Affairs
to be suppressed." •
POLITICAL HORIZON OP 'll-ff: EAST.
If the ,question, whether Winter would restore
peace to the East, were to be decided by the mutual
interests of the belligerents, we should have peace,
for both need repose. The Turks are brave, and
have just proved that they have riot degenerated.
They are yet susceptible of that religious enthusiasm
which works miracles. The nature of the soil and
the climate, and the firm character of Nlahinotrds
have been of great service to them, and leave no hope
of forcing him to make concessions. The resistance
;Jr -the Mussulmans has been glorious in the late cam-
paign; it will be obstinate should the war be renewed.
Turkey, however, could not long sustain the contest.
The elements of her military power are yet rude,
and require to he fashioned. Her regular army is
sprung from the midst of convulsions which deluged
the capital with blood, and of which the consequences
ray yet be felt. Despotism governs Russia as well
as Turkey, but in the former it is more tempered by
a furtheradvanced eivilizaticm. than in the latter. The
Czars have long established a regular military force,
and a system which bringi it nearer to order and re-
gularity. Its finances are in a bad state. The population
of Russia is about 44,000,000,and yet its provinces are
depopulated, and there is a want of homogenity iia
languages, manners, and customs. Its force must
not be measured by the number of its inhabitants.
Its army of 800,000 is now reduced, and justly, to
the half of that number. Russia, in her present
state, does not need conquests, but a good domestic
administration—the abolition of slavery, the dill'usion
of education, and'improVeinents in agriculture and
other arts. Its complaints against the Porte are
mere pretexts for niAking war. 'I he deliverance of
Greece is now accomplished, ana for Russia to pro-
secute the war would be to betray her secret ambis
Lion. A second campaign would dissipate all tie
prejudices which yet remain in favour of her mode-
ration and magnanimity, and would show that the
Emperor Nicholas is proceeding straight forward to
attain t'see completion of the gigantic plans of Peter
the Great and Catherine. Austria ties not like
the war on her frontiers, and likes the Turks for
neighbours. The Court or. Vienna, which loves
repose, sleeps in peace by the side of Pachtlieks.--
England is not pleased with the pretensions of
Russia, and with her own idleness ; and,. if provo-
Iced, may prevent, by force of arms, the capture of
Constantinople. France will only interpose to pro-
cure peace--her policy is conciliatory. It is not sup.
posed that Prussia wishes to see Russia aggrandised.
—On every aide we think that pradente arid reason
advise peace, but only pride and Interested flatterers,
'who advise war, will, we are afraid, be heard.
(Prism the Constitiaionne/.)
TOULON, DEC. 13.--The Lamproie ship of 0..arl
Captain Bezard, will sail to-morrow for Navarin,
Laving: Under convoy a merchant Vessel laden with
provisions, for the army of the Morea. Five'officers
end six suldiers belonging to the engineer corps go
in her. A park of artillery from Grenoble is ex-
pected here. Two corvettes are to be • built here,
one of which. is to called the Dupetit-Thouare, alter
the celebrated mariner of that name. A son of
M. de Vitrolles has been tried for an assault on one
es' the Officers of Health, but acquitted. ,
BARCELONA, DEC, —.—The rage of the Aposto-
licals is not yet appeased. Sixteen other Constitu-
tionalists in the dungeons of the citadel are looking
for their last hour, and perhaps the execution will
take place this.day. Persecution is the order of the
day in Catalonia ; all passports for foreign countries,
and particularly for France, are reftised. Travellers
who arrive from the other side of the Pyrenees, have
both the day and the hour fixed by the police at
which they must leave this place. Our fine city is
begun to be depopulated, and very soon it will be-
come an inhospitable spot—thanks to the rage of an
emigrant Frenchman, and to a Spanish Priest, his
counsellor, who is the most immoral man in existence.
PARIS, Dec. 19. -TILE N C Fuxna.—Fire pet-Cents.,
106 f. 95c. ; Four ditto,.loof. sc. ;• Three ditto, 731.'95c.
Rink Actions, 181.7 f. 50c. •
FOREIGN. Fustes.—Neapolitan Rentes, Pale. Cert.,
77f. 63c. ; Royal Spanish Loan, 80f. ; Intettninable
Spanish Annuities, 50ff. Hayden Loani'soor.
