COURT CIRCULAR.

Count Pozzo DI BORGO, the Russian Ambassador at
he Court of Paris, arrived at the Clarendon Hotel last
,vening. His Excellency occupies an exten,ive emit, of
apartments, which have been recently furnished with much
taste.
The Turkish Minister was occupied for a considerable
,ime yesterday at the Foreign-office.
Several of the principal Foreign Ministers were engaged
with Viscount PALMERSTON at the Foreign•office till a late
`lour on Tuesday night.

DOCTOR LUSHINGTON AND MR.HUME.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.
SlR,—The character assumed by Dr. Lushington, in
icting his part at the late election for Middlesex, has fully
leveloped the moral code of the Learned Civilian—a sort
f head-contained volume of Russian ukases, so worded
is ti bear the most convenient construction. Of this
manifest truth let the electors of the Tower Hamlets
nark the exemplification in the contrasted conduct of the
Doctor towards Mr. Hume, late a candidate, and at pre-
sent Member for Middlesex, and Mr. Alarjoribanks, can-

didate for Hythe.
At a meeting of the Anti-Slavery Society, held on the
12th of May, 1832, Doctor Lushingto❑ recommended to
the Society to support no man as a candidate for a seat in
Parliament, who would not distinctly pledge himself to the
immediate abolition of slavery in the colonies. His
toords were, " Let them BIND DOWN every indivi-
dual whom they send to Parliament by the STRONGEST,
the FULLEST, and the most EXPLICIT PLEDGE, that
hey would vote for total and speedy aboli-
tion." On. the 24th of the
,same month, Mr. Fowell
Buxton brought forward a motion on the subject in the
House of Commons, to which Lord Althorp moved as an
‘mendment, that the measures adopted for the emancipa-
ion of the negroes should be in unison with those recom-
mend. d by Canning, and approved of by the House in
1823, which recognised the right of the planters to a fair
and equitable remuneration. The amendment was carried
by a considerable majority. The indignation cf the Anti-
Slavery Society knew no bounds, and as they had threat.
ened with the penalty of their displeasure, all who sup-
ported any departure from Mr. Buxton's motion, Mr.
flume and Mr. Marjoribanks having voted for the amend-
ment, were amongst the number of the proscribed.
Although Mr. Hume was well aware that his vote on
that occasion had given offence to a few theoretical enthu-
siasts amongst the anti-slave party, he entertained no fears
is to his claims to support, being cheerfully recognised by
the Chairman of the Society, and those of that body to whom
his horror of all slavery, white or black,was known,and who
d ffered with him merely as to the means whereby the freedom
of ALL might he safest, and best effected. His labours for
twenty years, for the repeal of all laws affecting the civil
and religious liberty of the Dissenters, Catholics, and others
in this country,---his incessant watching over the interests
of the people, and his many efforts to relieve their physi-
cal condition, and raise their moral feeling,—his struggles
for Reform, Economy, Retrenchment—all felt, acknow-
ledged, lauded, by the Anti. Slavery Society itself, and re-
commended to others as an example worthy the imitation
of all aspirants to the high honour of efficiently and effec-
tively serving their country, were surely more than suffi-
cient to justify his most sanguine expectations. To this
might be added the consideration of the fact, that with
he exception of Sir John Scott Lillie, none of the candi-
d rtes who offt red themselves for the representation of
Middlesex, went half the length Mr. Hume did in advo-
cating the abolition of slavery. Consistently, then, with
their own professions, if the abolitionists were not to sup-
Fort Sir John, Mr. Hume was the only one for whom
they could vote.
The termination of the Middlesex contest, however,
proved that the PRINCIPLE was not the real, though it
teas made the ostensible ground of the opposition offered
to the re.election of Mr. Hume by the Anti-Slavery So-
ciety. Not only did many of its members not vote for
Jr.a Hume, but they actually voted plumpers for Mr.
Byng, who neither divided with Mr. Buxton, nor recog-
nised the authority of the Society to exact the shadow of a
pledge on that or any other question ! Of these, for the
present I shall confine myself to the mention of Doctor
Lushington, whose hypocrisy deserves to be exposed, now
that he has pulled off the mask.
That the Learned Doctor opposed the re-election of Mr.
flume, not on account of his opinions o❑ the Slavery ques-
tion, is evident from the very fact, that his support was
not given to Sir John Scott Lillie. Will the Doctor come
forward and say that he was ignorant of the fact that Mr.
Ilyng was not, and is not, an immediate abolitionist, or
tio, he did not know that Mr. Byng was an hundred
times more averse to the immediate abolition of slavery
than Mr. Hume?
But I promised to contrast the Doctor's conduct towards
Mr. Hume with the part he took in the election of Mr.
Marjoribanks, and to leave it to you and the electors of the
Tower Hamlets to decide as to the sincerity of his state-
ments as they appeared in the Morning Advertiser of the
25th ult.
It is a notorious fact that Dr. Lushington did all in his
power to secure the election of slr. Marjoribanks for the
boroughs of Hythe and Folkstone, though he is not an
immediate abolitionist, and though he refused to give any
pledge. In a letter of his to that gentleman, doted Merry
Hill, Sept. 13, 1832, he says, " I ant truly sorry to find
th it your opinions as to the abolition of slavery should have
been so entirely misunderstood, which I can only attribute
to want of knowledge of your past conduct and principles
on this subject. It is true that on the division last Ses-
sion you nth NOT vote with Buxton ; but looking to the
NATURE of the atoTroN, and all the circumstances attend.
ing it, I believe that amongst them who voted with the
Government, there were some, yourself amongst others,
decided friends to the abolition. The principle which
Buxton and myself have endeavoured to establish is the
abolition of slavery at the earliest moment when it can
be effected with safety to the slaves and the colonists."
After this admission on the part of Dr. Lushington,
what are the liberal public to think of the pious cant*
that was resorted to by the Anti-Slavery Society, and,
above all, by the Member for the Tower Hamlets him-
self; to ruin 3lr. Hume in the estimation of his consti-
tuents ? Or in what does the Doctor's opinion, as to the
abolition of slavery, differ from that expressed by the
Member for Middlesex at the various public meetings
throughout the country, which he attended previous to
his re-election ? Was Mr. Hume less warm in the cause
of the negroes than Mr. Marjoribanks? Most assuredly
not ; and that the Doctor knows as well as I do.
Dr. Lushington has long been considered as a sort of
" rara avis" amongst the Whigs—a stranger to diplo-
matic quibbling, and one whose stern notions of rectitude
admitted of no mock fulfilments of promise or discharge
of duty. Is there any thing in this conduct on the part
of the Doctor, which evinces the presence or influence of
a spirit superior to others in purity? Or rather, is it not
calculated to make the very reverse of this impression on
the public mind ?
If Dr. Lushington would preserve his character with
his constituents and the public at large, let him at once
come manfully forward, and state the real motives by
which he and his Whig colleagues were actuated in their
opposition of Mr. Hume, at the late election. To refer
to the letter to Mr. Gray, in the Morning Advertiser, is
nonsense, or worse, for no person who has heard how the
Doctor acted in respect to Mr. Marjoribanks, would believe
a word of it ; indeed, the very mention of it, after the
letter from Mr. Hume, that has appeared on the subject,
would be more an injury than a good.
In requesting, Sir, that you will have the goodness to
give insertion to this letter in your respectable pages, allow
me to impress on Dr. Lushington the injury he may do
himself by declining or delaying to give a satisfactoty
reason for his vote on the Middlesex election. It is more
than suspected that a conspiracy for throwing Mr. Hume
out of the county had been set on foot ; and it is desirable
that the public should know by whom it was concocted.
I remain, Sir, your most obedient Servant,
London, Jan. 2, 1833. GRAY.

LIFE IN INDIA, OR, THE EAST INDIA
SKETCH BOOK.--" This amusing work gives the reader
more insight into the Eastern World than many a la-
bowed and ponderous volume. The writer seems to be
a military officer of experience, an accurate observer, a
scholar, and a gentleman ; but we think that we discover
that he is one whose visions of ambition have remained
visions still. His style of composition is as various as the
subjects of which he treats. The pictures of European
India society do not give the reader a very high idea of
the intellectual attainments of those who compose it, and
we who have seen much of ' Oriental life' from the
Corinthian capital to the base, can bear witness to the fide-
lity of the description. One good must result from the
general perusal of the book—the disabusing the sanguine
and over-heated imaginatiJns of our youth, who are too
apt to form their notions of the East Indies by the lavish
descriptions of luxury to be found in tales like those of the
Arabian NigliP.' "...Met) op3litan Magazine, January.
