TILE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY

Extractsfrom the Morning Papers,Marchl4,lB2s.

[MORNINer, POVC.],
As the rumour has agaiu,6„een circulated, and
apparently wititt .-very.,studtOus desire of pro-
ducing a particular effect,,that the opinions of
Lord Liverpool, with regard to the Catholic
Question have undergone sortie alteration,- we
have:felt it: to' beour duty to make enquiry in a.„
quarter perfectly competent to give us accurate
information upon that point, and we are :now en-
abled to state, in the most positive terms, that
there is not even the shadow of a foundation for
the report. We may as well take this opportu-
tunity of noticing an impudent Publication which
has been recently put forth, entitled, " A Letter
from the King to his Catholic subjects." We are
told that people have been found silly enough to
he imposed upon by this most improper and in-
decent. use of the name of his :Majesty. We
should not otherwise have alluded to artifices
which are too. gross. to deceive any but the cre-
dulous and Uninforthed.

[TUE PUBLIC LEDGER.]
Last night we received liamborgh Papers to
the Bth inst 'ln an article, unde-r the head of
St. Petersburgh the,aoth uit. it is said, that the
Marquis de Ribeaupierre would shortly set out
for Constantinople, in the capacity of Russian
Ambassador. This statement, if correct, skews
that all differences between the two PoWers are
adjusted fOr:.the present ; .and it is highly pro-
bable that the, Russian Government is more in-
tent at this moment in putting down the pais;ion
for liberty that has sprung up amouritthe Greeks,
than 'gratifying its ambitious .designs oP. Tur-
key. But as the one cannot be secured. without
the other, and as it would be more difficult to
triumph over, a people who had nobly conquered
their freedom, than a nation grown old in slavery,
and rapidly sinking from the weight of its abuses;
it is probable that the Russian Court wants
to get rid of the former before they have time to
"develope all the energies of which, their cansevis
susceptible. This would explain the readiness
with which the Emperor Alexander has consent-
ed, contrary to all expectation, to waive his
grounds of,complaint against the Porte. We find
from these: Papers, that in those parts of the
kingdom of Hanover that adjoining the sea coast,
an alarming scarcity of good water is experienced,
in addition to the other sufferings caused by the
recent inundations. Most of the wells are ren-
dered unfit for present use, in consequence of:the
salt water penetrating into them. At Etnbden,
a pailful of rain water costs from two or three
stiyers; and the skippers are obliged to send up
the Ems, as far as Waite, to procure water. If
the evil be one of unexampled magnitude,' the
humanity which it has called forth is also mark-
ed by unprecedented activity. Ilis Majesty, with
his characteristic benevolence, has applied from
his private purse the sum of two thousand pounds,
for the relief of the sufferers. This is exclusive
of %%hat been already contributed in money

from his Majesty's funds in that kingdom, be-
sides wood and coni. We see that the city of
Frankfort:has generously contributed 4000 rix
dollars to this good work; but the relief that
has been tendered as yet, is comparatively no-
thing to:ribe extent of the mischief; and we hope,
and trust, from the nature of the connexion sub-
sisting between the two countries, that Eng-
land will do something on this melancholy
occasion, that will rival some of the noblest
instances of her humanity. Were even a Par-
liamentary; grant to be made for the purpose, we
are quite confident it would receive the sanction
of the British Public, who would be happy to
give this public testimony of their respect for
their Sovereign. Moreover, the lianoverians have
more than once fought our battles, and are ready
to fight them, and it is only reasonable, that in
their difficulties they should feel the effects of
British sympathy.

[THE TIMES.]

There was a public tneeting at Liverpool of
Friday last, when men of all parties agreed to
petition the Legislature for the repeal of the
window-tax. It was well observed with respect
to the Minister's profession, that the two great
motives of their financial arrangements are the
improvement of the condition of the less wealthy
classes, and the removal of all impolitic re-
strictions on consumption, that the continu-
ance of the window-tax is directly in the teeth
of their principles, inasmuch as, first, it, tie•
prives the necessarily crowded population of
cities of air and light, and, consequently, is
very detrimental to their comfort and health ;
and, secondly, it operates as a heavy restraint on
the consumption of glass, on which a considerable
Excise duty is paid, which duty would be greatly
increased if houses were suffered to have as many
windows as their inhabitants would wish, with-
out fear of the visit of the tax-gatherer and his
-
inkhorn. The inquisitorial nature of the tax is
another most powerful objection to it ; it is at va-
riance with what used to be considereil one of
the first principle of the Constitution of Eng-
land—that every man's home was inviolable.—
It is , true, indeed, that the collector cannot, in
the first instance, enter a private dwelling to
count its windows, but he can call upon the
resident to declare his number ; he can, by an
overcharge, compel a troublesome appeal; and if
the smallest arrears are due, can take violent pos-
session. Lord Chatham's celebrated remark, that
" every man's house is his castle ; that the air of
4 4 Heaven may enter it, but the King cannot, the
" King dare not," no longer applies, except, in-
deed, by inversion ; for by the present system
the King can enter, and that by force, but the
air can not, except by leave of the collector, and
under the penalty of a heavy sum for admission-
money. Several of the offensive ingredients of
this tax, it was correctly remarked by one of the
speakers, applied with no less force to the house-
tax; and it might have been added, that the
latter tax, from the capricious and arbitrary
method of its assessment, is glaringly, un-
just as well as inquisitorial. What, indeed,
can be a more monstrous specimen of injustice
