4r6:2*
bO-nif ,

LONDON,
TUESDAY EVENING, AUGUST 28, 1832.

If there be yet in this country a person so
devoid of shame as to advocate the conduct of
the Russian Government towards Poland, we
merely refer him to the extracts from German
Papers in this day's Sun. Our indignation at
the unnatural—the desolating behaviour of
Russia with respect to that chivalrous but
now forlorn country, is only surpassed by
our wonder at the short-sightedness of its
policy. Can the Emperor NICHOLAS hope,
in the present temper of European feeling,
unless, indeed, he presumes on the dastardly
Conduct of England and France for the last two
years,--can he hope that such treatment towards
a whole people can long be prosecuted with im-
punity ? If he really beguile himself with such
illusion, the day of retribution,will only be ren-
dered the more terrible, for assuredly as there
is a Providence on high, the God of vengeance
will visit the oppressor with a heavy hand. So
far as our feelings are concerned, we have not
language to give utterance to our scorn at the pu-
sillanimity of the foreign policy of this coun-
tryl; and but for our respect for Lord
°TIRANE personally, nothing would afford us
greater satisfaction than to learn that the Emperor
NicnoLAs had sent him off in a fit of rage to
Siberia! We are afraid that nothing short of
such treatment will ever rouse the Ministerial
Spirit
of this country to a proper sense of what
is at once owing to the cause of humanity and
national honour. The public disgust is at pre-
sent so strong at the of the Em perfidy and brutality
peror NictioLAs towards the poor
Poles, that a war with Russia would be hailed
w
With acclamations !_and one day or other that
ar will come.
Th

ie following are extracts from the Hamburg
IZeporter and other Papers to the 25th
ra..trcroax, Auc. 18.—It is affirmed that France and
ItUstria are now negotiating with a view of concluding a
"Mtnercial treaty like that between England and Frank-
fort. The advantage to the manufacturers of the south
Of Germany would be very great, and afford a ray of hope
tO that part of Germany.
The Wurtemburg Government Journal of the 15th
Publishes a notice of the finance department, facilitating
the intercourse with the Electorate of lime.
A letter from Weimar says...." By order of the Grand
'Juke, M. C. Thon is going shortly to Dresden,
kt'd then to Berlin, to continue the negociations fur ac-
'!`ling to the Prussian tariff. The negociations that
"4ve been commenced with several South German States
14 the eame purpose, are considerably advanced.
OTocatuoLm, AuG. 17—Preparations are making at
iNal to celebrate on the 6th November, with great so-
")ttity, the 200th anniversary of the death of the Great

Gustavus Adolphus, to whom it is well known the aca-
demy at Upsal is highly indebted.
Very convenient diligences now ply betwen Stockholm
and Gattenhurg.
ST. PETERSBURG, AUG. I 6.-The committee appointed
to review the ordinance relative to Bills of Exchange (of
1729), and all the laws that have ever been promulgated
on the subject, hating taken the opinions of the merchants
by means of local committees at St. Petershurgh, Riga,
Moscow, and Odessa, has laid before the Council of the
Empire the outlines of a new ordinance, which, with
some additions, was confirmed by an ukase of the Emperor
of the 6th of July. An ordinance relative to bankruptcies,
drawn up by the same committee, was confirmed by a se-
cond ukase, of the same date; and by a third ukase, a
new ordinance for making inventori,s, appraisements, and
sales of ptoperty taken in execution.

AuroitA; AUG. 21.—The resolutions of the German
Diet of the 28th of June, the object of which is the
maintenance of order and tranqu'llity in the states of the
Confederation, have been now formally published by our
Government, in letters patent, issued from the Chancery
of Sleswielr, Holstein, and Lunenburg.
AROLSEN, Atm. 12 —Our Prince George Frederick,
Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont, has published the reso-
lutions of the Diet, directing his subjects to pay strict
regard to them.
HAMBURG, AUG. 24.—The last Russian steam-boat
brought the melancholy news from Archangel of the death
of Mr. Wm. Brandt, chief partner in the highly respected
houses of W. Brandt and Son in Archangel, and W.
Brandt and Co. in St. Petershurgh. He was only in the
55th year of his age, and died on the sth of August, after
a short illness, on the very day that he had fixed for his
departure to his native city (Hamburg), with the intention
of enjoying some repose, after the many exertions of his
very active life. He had already given the management
of his business to his eldest son, many years his partner.--
Hamburg Papers, August 24.
HAMBURG, AUG. 24.—The reduced prices of wheat
have attracted a good many of our consumers into the
market; but with the exception of those, we have scarcely
any consumers.

From the 12th to the 17th inst., 36 cargoes of corn
passed through the Sound, of which 3 were bound to
British and 17 to Dutch ports.

Rix-dollars.
Wheat, Anhalt, white
-- red 102 to 120
Magdeburgh
- Hanks lO5 to 118
- Meeklenburgh
_ . lO5 to 115
___

Holstein, red 96 to 106

Extensive sales for Dutch account had the effect of de-
pressing the stock market to-day. Discount 21 per cent.
End of August.
Anglo-Danish Loan, 3 per Cent 67
Anglo-Russian Loan 97%
Hamburg, 3 per cent.
Russian Inscription, 5 per cent.
Ditto ditto, 1831
Polish Bonds llO%
Prussian Bonds 1831 103%
Austrian Bank Shares 11:33
Ditto Metalliques
New Austrian 4 per Cents.... ..... .............
—Hamburg Reporter.

A correspondent has favoured us with a letter
on the present' anomalous state of Ireland, which
deserves attention from the temperate, argumen-
tative, and impartial spirit that pervades it. The.
writer belongs neither to the extreme faction of
Catholic nor Protestant ; he holds no opinions
in common, whether with the rabid Ascen-
dancy man, or the equally rabid Repealer, but is
clearly one of the juste milieu—in this instance
a phrase of creditable import—and by holding
himself studiously aloof from the extreme right
or the extreme left, is enabled to come to the
task of investigation in a cool and unbiassed tem-
per. The nature and tendency of his remarks
may be summed up in this sentence. " As long
as Government allows the Catholics to complain of
the injustice of tithes and church-rates, and thus,
by permitting agitation on those matters, suffers
the Protestants to feel alarm lest their religion,
rents, and every thing dear to them may ulti-
mately share the fate of those universally con-
demned exactions, the country must continue in
its present state of agitation and disquietude."

A book of very great value has been published
by Mr. MUNDELL, already favourably known
to the public by his statistical labours. The
work he has at present put forth is entitled " A
Comparative View of the Industrial Situation of
Great Britain from the year 1775 to the present
time, with an examination of the causes of her
distress." It is evident that any work entering
at large upon all the topics embraced by such
a title is almost of necessity compelled to treat
de omnibus rebus et quibusdam aliis. The art of a
writer treating upon such a subject consists in fe-
licitously seizing upon the main points, and placing
them before the reader in a strong light. Mr. MUN-
DELL has succeeded in accomplishing this ob-
ject, and has been chiefly enabled so to do from
being enthusiastically impressed with two or
three favourite notions, of which he never loses
sight. One consequence of this unity of pur-
pose, if we may so say, is, however, to induce
men to draw from facts inferences they will
hardly bear. Mr. MUNDELL, for instance, has
persuaded himself that the chief cause of the dis-
tress we suffer is the diminution in the supply of
the precious metals from South America. The
consequence is, that this fact is made by Mr.
MUNDELL a chief agent in producing effects,
which, if not altogether, are for the most part to
be attributed to other causes. Of this, we think,
we shall be able to adduce satisfactory proof
hereafter.

Mr. MUNDELL has divided his work into
five parts, each respectively treating of the fol-
lowing subjects :--Increase of Shipping and
Exports, Money restraints, Corn Law restraints,
Poor Law restraints, and Revenue restraints.
After Noticing the facts that our shipping and
our exports of home produce and manufactures
have during the peace increased beyond all ex-
ample, and that we and the rest of Europe,
especially France, nevertheless feel distress, the
writer says, " the causes of the distress which
thus prevails must, therefore, be causes which
operate most powerfully in France and Great
Britain. The only causes of this description
which I have been able to discover, are legisla-
tive and municipal restraints upon industry, ren..
dered progressively more severe by a continu-
ous rise in the exchangeable value of money.
Such restraints become progressively lighter,
while money continues to fall in exchangeable
value, but their severity accumulates as it rises.
Now money continued to fall in exchangeable
value till the year 1810 ; it has continued to
rise since that year."
Having thus opened the subject, Mr. M. pro-
ceeds to show in what way he imagines
i the re-
straints upon industry have brought us into the
condition we now find ourselves. We think we
may say that we agree in nearly all the conclu-
sions to which he has come, although the pro-
cess by which we arrive at them is occasionally
different. In our present position nothing is of
more consequence than that the country should
discuss the several matters embraced in this
work. We need not say that we think discus-
sion will bring converts to that side of the ques-
tion which we advocate, but of this we are certain,
that whether we be right, or whether we be

wrong, discussion must in the long run elicit
the truth, the discovery of which, and the acting
upon it, whatever it may be, is, we are satisfied,
all that is necessary to our prosperity. We pro-
pose, therefore, to take the different parts of
Mr. MUNDELL'S work, to lay them before
the public, to state where we differ from
him, and wherefore, and the reasons which in-
duce us to come to the same conclusions.
We are aware that there are many to whom
discussion upon the state of slavery or the fate
of Poland might be more interesting ; but as we
cannot believe that the great mass of our coun-
.rymen are unwilling to discuss how it is that
w4ll industry the most unceasing, the people are
more distressed,—how it is that with energy and
enterprise unabated, our merchants and manu-
facturers sink under burdens they heretofore bore
with comparative ease,—how it is that our agri-
culturalists, with improved knowledge in their
art, with Corn Laws of their own framing, are
almost, without exception, reduced to a state of
destitution,—as we cannot believe, we say, that
all not dependent upon fixed incomes are un-
willing seriously to examine the causes of their
distress, as well as to complain of the effect of
those causes, we shall, without hesitation, take
occasion, in the course of the week, to enter
somewhat in detail upon the subjects we have
now opened.

We have received a file of the Western Aus-
tralian, a newspaper published at Swan River.
Each number contains about as much intelli-
gence as is given in one column of The Sun.
For this the proprietor charges ls. 6d., and
even at this rate it appears by his complaints to
be any thing but a paying concern. Certainly it
is composed of miserable trash, but the colonists
should consider that it is early times with them
yet. The date of the earliest paper before us is
Nov. 20, 1831, that of the latest Jan. 7, 1832.
The harvest was said to be generally good, and
pigs, &c. had wonderfully multiplied ; but still the
colony not being able to supply its own wants,
the non-arrival of ships with any quantity of pro-
visions had began to occasion a great rise in the
price of flour, &c. Flour had risen in the course
of the month from 6id. per lb. to ls. 4d., and
other things in proportion, except sugar, of
which there was an abundance. We give a list
of the latest prices:—
