rHE SUN, LONDON, WEDNESDAY, MAY 22, 1839.

its favour----it needed no support from him, it spoke for I
itself. He could safely say that no one Society, out of
the many which had met in that building, bad ever is-
sued forth a document more worthy of the attentive
perusal of all persons than the one in question. The
resolution he had to propose, in its former part, directed
their attention to what the Society had yet to do ; and
the latter part of it afforded them encouragement, by
calling their attention to what the society had already
been able to accomplish. Their object was noble, it
was to save the few remaining living tribes of aborigines,
who were then complaining of injustice—who were
supplicating for protection—who were imploring the
Society to interpose their benevolent interference be-
tween them and utter ruin, which it was alike the privi-
lege and the duty of the Society to afford. The Society had
not laboured in vain—their labours had already benefited
the Indians of North America, the Hottentots—in-
deed the aborigines of all countries—so that their labour
had not been in vain. If they had not diffused in-
formation, if they were the depositories of information,
still they had not laboured in vain—that most admi-
rable document which had been read, if published to
the world, would do much good. He trusted means
would be taken to give it a wide circulation, and then
they would not have laboured in vain. If it was read
it would convince the people of this country that the
Society was imperatively demanded—that it was ne-
cessary as an indispensable auxiliary to every other So-
ciety which extends its operations beyond the limita-
tions of this kingdom. Every class needed the Society
—it was useful to the Government and to the merchant,
and was well deserving of the support of all. It was
necessary for the support of the missionaries, it was
necessary inasmuch as it behoved a great nation to
know something of the peculiarities of those over
whom they were called upon to govern. The original
inhabitants of the West Indies were no more—the
inhabitants of Newfoundland were extinct—the abo-
rigines of Australia were fast disappearing—our pos-
sessions in Asia were dyed with the blood of
the aboriginal tribes : surely then the Society was ne-
cessary in order to save the few that yet remained ? He
had had the pleasure of treading on the banks of the
Missisippi, the Hudson, the Oronooko, the Ohio,- and
the Penobscot, yet he had never met with one of those
tribes who were the original possessors of the land—
every red man had been removed to the west of the
Alissisippi, and the world had been congratulated upon
the fact by the present President of America : they
were despoiled of their own—a few yet remained, and
the Society was necessary for their protection. They
should give their utmost support to those enlightened
and humane Governors who acted upon their views and
thre :ten with exposure those who persecuted those whom
they ought to protect. He was glad to find, at the
conclusion of the Report, that reference was made to the
neglected natives of Africa. He believed our folly, in-
fatuation, and wickedness, could not be overrated, cer-
tainly not overstated, on looking at the fact, that fo-
ages men had been kidnapping their fellow men on the
shores of one country to carry them to another, to cul-
tivate as an exotic there what was indigenous and grew
wild here ; and thus they had kept up a system of
slavery of five or six millions of human beings, fed by a
thousand victims per day, in order to grown cotton
on the banks of the Missisippi, or rice on the
plains of Alabama, or sugar somewhere else.
Now what was meant by the word " protec-
tion ? " Was it not to save them from the
slaver on their shores—was it not to defend their
villages —to sanctify their huts —to guard the
mouths of their rivers, to send amongst them merchants
who are not robbers while they are merchants, who
are not plunderers while they are traders—was it not to
do these things, and tell them we will guard them, and
bless them, and keep away the fiend from their shores,
and pant the genius of Christianity amongst them, to
cast upon them its benign and cheering influence ?
Then would they bring their riches down to the
righteous men, the merciful men, the patriotic men, and
the philanthrophic men, who, whilst gaining those
riches, would give with the other hand the best riches
which a civilized and Christian country could bestow
upon a barbarian, uncivilized, and pagan country.—
(Cheers.) India had been named, and to this Society
belonged the honour of originating the recent inquiry
into the existing state of the natives of India. There
were aborigines there, but almost every aboriginal inha-
bitant was in a state of slavery ; and if riot in a state of
slavery-, certainly in a state of the deepest conceivable
barbarism, living in trees, feeding on one another, or, as
on tile coast of Malabar, reduced to a condition of
slavery that scarcely has a parallel in the world be-
sides. They needed protection, they needed eman-
cipation, and such a Society as this was wanted
to gather facts, to analyse them, to condense.
them—such a Society was wanted to act as a
telescope did in other matters, to bring near in their
proper colours and dimensions the distant, and hitherto
unseen, and, therefore, uncared for population of the
world. And when the aborigines of Asia should stand
before them, and when the aborigines of North
America should stand before them, and when the noble
savages of the Oronooko and' Essequibo, and when the
gallatut barbarians of New Zealand and' the Mandingoes
of Western Africa, with the Madagas-Car'srivages=When
' they should be brought near, there could be recognised
in them the same common elements, the same immortal
destinies, the same high capacities which were recog-
nised, and acknowledged, and appreciated when they
stood embodied before them in the uiattractive and
manacled form of the African whom they had already
emancipated.—(Cheers.) And if it were worth the
trouble, the time, the money, and the labour expended
upon the great work now nearly accomplished, in the
entire enfranchisement of the negroes and theiedescend-
ants in our colonies—if it were worth this mighty effort
to obtain the extinction, by a national decree, of the
slavery of 800,000 persons, surely 90,000,000 in one
part of Africa, and millions more in another part of
Africa, and 100,000,000 in India, together with the
millions to be found. between the Frozen Ocean of the
North, and the Gulf of Panama at the South-west,
together with all the islands that ought to
be taken into account—surely these, in their
insulated, still more in their aggregate capacity, stood
before the nation to-day with claims which could not he
set aside with impunity ; and whenever these claims
should be set before the public by the efficient instru-
mentality which this Committee wanted to employ, such
as preaching, the organization of Societies, &c., then
every man and woman whose philanthropy took wings
in the morning, and visited distant regions, would be
with them, and they would have the necessary means
either for the civilization or for the conversion of the
world.—(Cheers.)
The CIIAIRMAN said the Gentleman who would next
address the meeting had attended without the slightest
intimation that he would be called upon to do so ; but
being in possession of some very important facts upon a
very important subject, he had been pressed into the ser-
vice, and it was no slight recommendation of him to say,
that he was the descendant of one whose name would
never be mentioned without the deepest respect—Mr.
Wm. Fry.—( Hear, hear.)
Mr. FRY said he rose with considerable diffidence,
under the circumstances stated by the Chairman, to
bring before the meeting a subject which bad not hi-
therto occupied its attention, and which fairly came
within its objects. In looking at the Report, he noticed
that the number of aborigines in Asia put down at
200,000,000. He asked them where was the enormous
population of China ? Were they to be overlooked—
the 350,000,000 of China ?—a country with which
a very extensive traffic was now carried on by this.
country. Amongst the multitudinous tribes it was
stated that ardent spirits depraved and consumed their
population, but not one word did he find of opium,
which produced still greater evils than ardent spirits.
An enormously increasing contraband trade was carried
on in opium, fostered by the East India Company, car-
ried on by British merchants and capital between
India and China. The effects of opium were well
known to be very powerful as a medicine, but in Eastern
countries it was used as an intoxicating stimulant, more
particularly in China, and also in many parts of India.
This depraved appetite, he spoke advisedly, had been
pandered to by the Hon. East India Company, and by
almost every British merchant who traded to the East.
Opium produced the same effects as spirits, but in a
greater degree. It demoralized the soul, and destroyed
the body. Its effect upon the population at large was
that it prevented the introduction of the Gospel, it
hindered the labours of the missionaries. Wonder had often
been expressed why so little impression had been made in
China. He believed that the opium trade was that hinder-
ing cause. It was lamentable to reflect on the fearful in-
crease which had taken place in this nefarious traffic of late
years. In the year 1816, the number of chests of opium
imported into China, amounted to 3,000, and now the
importation was upwards of 30,000 chests annually, and
almost the whole of this quantity was smuggled into the
country by British merchants. What had been the
conduct of the Chinese Government with respect to
this traffic? They saw the evils attending it ; and al-
though they might have made it a source of a large and
important revenue, they would not purchase revenue by
the demoralization of the country ; while the East
India Company pandered to this taste of the Chinese.
A large proportion of this opium traffic was monoplized
by the Company itself, who would not allow others lo
embark in this profitable trade. The Company com-
pelled the ryots, or farmers in India, to grow this drug
—they paid these ryots money to assist them in carry-
ing on the cultivation, and then they made them furnish
a certain quantity of opium at a certain price.
This was brought down to Calcutta, was there purchased
by British merchants, and shipped by them on board
some of the fastest and finest vessels in the world, the
opium clippers, for China. He would read an extract
from a report made by one of the Chinese officers to the
Emperor, to show the manner in which the trade was
conducted by these vessels. The report stated that the
opium was carried by boats flying up and (limn the
river, like fast crabs or dragons, that they put out their
oars like slings, that the Officers of the Custom
Houses which they passed, were bribed,and that if the
cruizing boats met them they had the temerity to re-
sist them, and slaughter and carnage was the conse-
quence. Such was an outline of this case, It would
detain the meeting too long to go into all the facts of

the case. But he hoped every one present would take
the opportunity of making themselves acquainted with
the facts of the opium trade, by perusing a book which
had been compiled by the Rev. Mr. Thelwall, at the
request of several gentlemen connected with China.
It was entitled " The Iniquities of the Opium Trade
with China," and could be procured either at Allen's or
at Hatchard's. He apologized for having come forward
wholly unprepared to address the meeting, lsat he hoped
the importance of the case would plead his excuse.—
(Cheers.)
The CHAIRMAN then put the following resolution,
which was carried unanimously :
,6 That the deep degradation and ultimate ruin which
threaten barbarous tribes, imperatively demand funda-
mental ameliorations in the existing system of intercourse
with them ;—but that the unquestionable benefits conferred
upon them in some cases, as upon the Caffres, in the pro-
gressive improvement of the Clpe frontier policy, and
upon some of the Indians of Upper Canada, in the partial
check given to the project of removing them to the Mani-
toulin islands, or ' elsewhere towards the North West,'—
are consoling in themselves, and valuable as examples
of the efficacy of a juster course."
Sir CULLING EARDLEY SMITH rose for the purpose
moving the following resolution .
.‘ That, in order ti? protect aboriginal tribes from
degrdation and ruin, it isindispensable to obtain for them
a participation in equal rights, to amend such of our
laws as bear injuriously upon them, and to improve the
administration of Government as to their affairs, both
at home and in the Colonies."

It was the general purpose of this resolution,
if the facts which had been brought forward were
true, to state what were our duties towards these
the
aboriginal tribes. These duties might be arranged
under three heads, first the extension to them of equal
rights ; secondly, an improvement in the laws
relating
thirdly, an extension to them
of improvement
administrative Govern-
to
ment. The first question that arose in con-
sidering this resolution was, did there exist
an inequality between the rights, the laws, and the ad-
ministration of justice in the home country and the
rights, laws, and administration accorded to the Colo-
nial dependencies. He never had heard a question on
this subject, he had never heard it asserted that the
rights, laws, and administrative government of this coun-
try were too good ; he had never heard the point mooted
that we ought to go back to the state of society from
which we had emerged, and if the institutions of our
Colonial dependencies were inferior, it was our duty as
Christians to raise them from their depression to the
same level as ourselves. Allusion bad been made to the
inhabitants of foreign countries ; he for one should be
glad to see a cessation of the opium trade with China,
he should be glad to see a stop put to the transportation
of the American Indians beyond the Mississippi ; but
whilst he should rejoice to see this effected, which he
hoped would soon take place by means of Christian ex-
ertion, them was one point to which as Christians we were
bound to direct our more immediate efforts, he meant
our colonies. When he saw the different classes of
evils which were perpetrated in our colonies, he was
certain that they would furnish a large field for exer-
tion. The first class of evils were those which were
perpetrated under the pretence of conferring benefits.
Such was the wholesale removal of the native tribes
from the countries they inhabited ; this was pretended to
be a benefit conferred upon them, but when it came to
be investigated it resolved itself into the

" Sic volo, sic jubeo, stet pro ratione voluntas."
It is our will and pleasure that they should be removed
and they were removed, without consulting them, horn
our colonial dependencies. He would next allude to
what took place in our colonies in coercing the natives,
which it was pretended was necessary for the
protection of the colonists, but which was con-
trary to the Christian principle, which was as
:applicable to Governments as to individuals. If one.
smite thee on the one cheek turn unto him the other also.
The opposite conduct was pursued. On the slightest
offence being committed by the aborigines the whole of
the colonial population was called out in arms, and the
aborigines in great part exterminated, and this was
stated to be necessary for the protection of the colonial
emigrants. He would, in answer to this, refer to ac-
counts which had been received of the success of the
experiment which had been tried of adopting an oppo-
site mode of treating the natives. He alluded to the
accounts which had been received from Sydney from
Mr. Robinson, who had been appointed protector of the
aborigines in that colony, of the success which had
attended an experiment of an opposite character. The
other experiment of severity had been tried in vain ; the
military had been ordered out at the:expense of 30,000/.
Upwards of 70,0001. had been expended on this expedi.
tion, and this great effort on the part of the Government
resulted in the capture of one black man.—( Cheers.)
Such being the case, Mr. Robinson had pursued
a directly opposite course, he had gone among the na
tions, not only in the neighbourhoad of Sydney, but at
Swan River, Van Diemen's Land, and in fact in alt the
other Australian dependencies--not one of hi. party was
armed—they went among the natives, reasoned with
them, and effected more, in persuading them of the
benevolent intentions of the English Government, than
all the military display, or thousands of pounds ex-
pended, had been able to do before.—(Cheers.) There
was another great injustice perpetrated on the natives,
in refusing to accept their evidence except upon oath.
This was not putting them on an equality with our-
selves, nor could they be said to be in possession of
equal rights as long as this was the case. Because a
heathen might be ignorant of the existence of a God,
it was no reason why the Government should be de-
prived of the benefit of his evidence, or why he should
be deprived of those rights which belonged to him as a
social being. He hoped to see a Bill carried in Par-
liament, enah!ing the evidence of such pc-sons to be
received withont being on oath. He had alluded
to a class of evils which had been perpetrated under
the appellation of benefits. He would now allude to
acts of c'uelty which had been perpetrated without the
sanction of the Government. Many of the unfortunate
natives of places which we had colonised had been
seized by colonists, fastened to trees, carried into capti-
vity, and sold as slaves ; and although these had not
been the acts of the Government, yet they had been
perpetrated because the Government had not interfered
for their protection. The reason assigned for these cruel-
ties was the necessity that existed for treating savages
as beasts and not as men. Against this doctrine he
would protest, and the ancient heathens in this particu-
lar seemed to be in advance of the Christians of the
present day. " Homo sum, nil human= ame alienum
puto," was the saying of one of their great men, in
which he fully concurred. They were all God's
creatures, equally with ourselves, and it was impossible
to suppose that they were to be treated as if they were
brutes. If there was but a spark of Divine grace in
the breast of a human being that was sufficient to con-
stitute him a Christian, and he contended, by the same
reasoning, that if there were a spark of intellect exist-
ing in the breast that was sufficient to constitute the
individual a man and a fellow creature, however much
that intellectual spark might be clouded and dimmed.—
(Cheers.) He hoped the Colonists would regard these
individuals as their fellow creatures, and as capable of
enjoying the same benefits as themselves. It was not
only by interference with the Government, but by the
Christian influence they might exercise over in-
dividuals that their efforts would be available.
It was their duty to urge the Government and other
Societies to take such steps—that they would go hand
in hand with them in their endeavours to improve the
natives. They ware not to be discouraged by the thin-
ness of the meeting, in their endeavours to carry out
the objects of the Society, for there never was a time
more favourable than the nineteenth century, to the
effecting of every benevolent object.—(Hear, hear.)
He was convinced that, before many years elapsed, they
would see the world at large accompanying them, and
approving of their objects.—(Cheers.)
C. STURGEON, Esq., then rose to second the resolu-
tion. Unless there were equal laws and equal rights
between the white rind the black population of our colo-
nies, the blacks never would listen to their instructions
in Christianity as anything but false pretext.—(Hear,
hear.) hear.) The subject of the inadmissibility of the na-
tives, who had no notion of future rewards and punish-
ments, to give evidence in Courts of Justice, had
been already touched upon. In our own country
there was nearly an analogous case, which was this, that
no stress was laid on the evidence of an accomplice
of guilt, unless it was confirmed by other circumstances.
131!t, the poor Indians had not the opportunity even of
going before a tribunal to state what they knew was a
fact—to tell their " plain unvarnished tale," so that
the unprejudiced might judge whether it could be cor-
roborated or not ; the moment they were questioned as
to their belief in a future state of rewards and punish-
ments there was an end of their testimony-, however
good it might be. This system tended to deprive the
natives of every thing likejustice and fairness. He
would appeal to those j who were anxious for the success
of the missionary, who went forth with a book in which
was written '• Whatsoever you would that men should
do unto you do ye also unto them, for that is the Law
and the Prophet.," whether it was right or just to ex-
clude the natives from giving evidence in cases of viola-
tion and robbery, because forsooth they were not ac-
quainted with the bein-, and attributes of a God ?
—Meer.) If such ill treatmentb continue, they would
fly to the deserts away from among those who sought
to plant the germ of Christianity ; and as the poet said,
instead of looking to the Christian's hope, and the
Christian's lite, they would anticipate a death and a hope
" Where slaves once more their native land behold,

No fiends torment, no Christians thirst for gold."

The CHAIRMAN then introduced to the meeting
Mr. BoucitEa, a gentleman who had resided for
sometime in New South Wales • and who said, that he
would give the meeting the particulars of a most bar-
barous massacre which had recently taken place in that
colony, of 28 natives. He read the following state-
ment from the Sydney Monitor, of November 19,
1838 :—" The trial of 11 men for the slaughter of a
company of aborigines of both sexes—and all ages—f:om
sucking infants, to hoary hairs—took place on the 15th. In
the evidence our readers will perceive that the 23 persons
put to the sword by the eleven stock keepers, are not
accused of committing any personal violence whatever to

these eleven men or their neighbours ; the only thing "
laid to their charge is, they had committed a depreda-
tion upon some sheep once—and that they once " rushed"
some cattle belonging to them.—(" Rushing" cattle im•
plies the galloping off of cattle, when they have long
been left to themselves, at the approach of black men.)
The company of black men had become domesticated
among these very men. One of them had been the
chief cause of the taking up their residence near his hut,
and he himself seems to have formed a friendship for
them. The blacks were residing in peace and confi-
dence, as usual, when a party of men mounted
and armed with swords and pistols, galloped
up to the place. From the manner of the party
the blacks, who are not deficient in intellect as
they are represented in books, perceived danger, and
ran for safety to their huts. They were taken out,
tied one by one to a long rope, and, having thus
arrived at the place chosen for the catastrophe the
work of slaughter began. Two shots were fired ; the
sword, it would seem did the rest without noise, except
the cries of their victims. After the slaughter, a fire
composed of dead trunks of trees, and many yards in
extent, was kindled, and the headless bodies and skulls
were placed on the pile." It was not improper that
these eleven men should have had counsel hired fo'
them ; but it was not to the credit of New South Wales
that a general subscription should have been raised
among the graziers and the magistrates of Hunter's
River to an amount much larger than even three coun-
sel could demand. The verdict of acquittal was highly
popular. The aristocracy of the colony for once
joined heart and hand with the prison population in
expressions of joy at the acquittal. We tremble for a
country when such feelings and such principles prevail."
Mr. Boucher stated that the natives of the colony were
the most harmless, inoffensive race of men, and it was
certainly most imperatively demanded that some means
should be taken to prevent the recurrence of such
outrages.—( Hear, hear.)
The CHAIRMAN suggested that, as in most cases
there were two sides to a story, and as there had only
at present been heard one side, it would be better for
some Member of Parliament to move for the papers
upon the subject.—(Hear, hear.)
Captain ATCHERLEY said he was delighted to have
an opportunity of testifying to the great importance of
this Society. In North America, for instance, instead
of our civilizinikand improving the population, we had
been shunnecras their pest.—(Hear, hear.) The
Hudson's Bay Company, he was sorry to say, had driven
the natives front their original possessions. Then, as to
Africa, Colonel Campbell, late Governor of Sierra
Leone, had received a unanimous testimonial of appro-
bation and gratitude from the native as well as the
white population of the colony. What was the
answer to that natural proposition ? An order was
sent out by the same vessel to relieve Colonel
Campbell, because there was a stronger party behind
the curtain, who were of opinion that if the slave trade
were put down, it would be impossible for them to pro-
cure a slave population for the West India Islands to
cultivate the sugar canes.—(Hear, hear.) Ho was
sorry to say that the God of Mammon was all powerful
and prevailed against the humane representations o'
Colonel Campbell, who was removed, and another per-
son appointed, and that arrangement had given the
greatest dissatisfaction to the black population. These
were unpleasant truths, but it was necessary to state
them to the meeting and the public, in order to
concentrate public opinion upon the subject, and
arrest the dreadful system of slavery, which was
still carried on on the coast of Africa. It
was carried on by Portugal, by Spain, and, he
regretted to add, by France, and by Englishmen.
He assured them that although the system was cloaked
to their eyes, it was going on to a greater extent than
ever. When he (Captain A.) was in the Brazils, he
had observed that the slave vessels did not come to
Buenos Ayres or to Rio, but some of the smaller ports
Many of these vessels were fitted out in the port of
London. They brought out a cargo to the Brazil-,
and then went to the coast of Africa, where they took
in a cargo of slaves. The height between decks was
only four feet, and into that space the unfortunate slaves
were thrust, in chains. If they were pursued and taken,
and that a single slave was found on hoard, the vessel
was confiscated ; and to avoid that, they compelled the
slaves to come upon deck and jump overboard.--( Hear,
hear.) He would not occupy their time longer, but
would recommend the hook he held in his hand, and
which had been presented to him by Colonel Campbell,
to the consideration of the Society.—(Cheers.)
The resolution was then put and carried unanimously.
The Rev. JOHN BURNETT moved the last resolution,
I as followc

" Toot this meeting., highly appreciating the labours
of Christian missionaries among the less civilized tribes
as the best, although not the sole, means of advancing
civilization among them, earnestly hopes the number of
such missionaries may be greatly augmented; and that,
in order to secure their due efficiency, this meeting con-
siders it of primary importance to afford them every
possibly assistance in relieving them from those political
and mercantile operations to which some of them have
been occasionally and unavoidably subjected."
After alluding to the thinness of the meeting, which
he imputed to the Society assembling in the lower room
instead of the upper room at Exeter-hall, and to the
principles and objects of the Society not being more
generally known to the public, he said he did not see
why they should not hold local meetings in schools and
chapels, until it was thoroughly known. If the Society
adopted measures to pursue that course, the public
would be surprised that they had not heard more of it,
and that they had paid to its claims so very limited a
share of attention. If its objects and movements were
fully known to the public, the public would drive them
out of that room, simply because they could not meet
the Society in it.—(Cheers.) • The resolution directed
the attention of the Society to the labours of the mis-
sionaries, and pointed to them as the best (although
not the only) means of promoting civilization. There
was a time when such language would be held by com-
paratively few—when missionaries were thought to be
mere wild fanatics and enthusiasts, not only incapable
of civilizing barbarous nations, but almost uncivilized
themselves. There was a time when civilization was
in the hands of the philosophers—when it belonged
to the Voltaires, and the Diderots, and the French En-
cyclopedists. There was a time when, if religion was
connected with civilization, it would have been thought
entirely out of place. But look at these ancient mono-
polists of civilization. Where was there a philosopher
who had ever denied himself—who had ever risked his
life in endeavouring to renovate and enlighten the bar-
barous nations of the earth ?—( Hear, hear.) They staid
at home and did nothing but talk against those who did.
NV here had they ever seen a Philosophic Society which
had laboured to put an end to the Slave Trade—where
had they ever seen a Philosophic Society which had
taken up the cause of the unfortunate Aborigines ?
(Hear, hear.) No, they had left all these good works
to the Missionaries, and then they said that the enthu-
siasm of Christianity was coming to its consummation.
That there were new crusades about to commence, and
they prepared themselves to exercise their fancies in
prose and verse upon these new crusades, as they had
upon the former ones. The missionaries, however,
went out to their stations, leaving philosophy at home
to talk about enthusiasm. They went to risk their
lives, and some of them lost them. They persevered
in their good work, and he thought, if any of these
philosophers took up Captain Cook's voyages in the
South Seas, and compared them with the reports, and
the results of missionary labours, they would blush
at the contrast, and at the utter insignificence of their
false reasoning, and their soulless philosophy.--( Cheers. )
The missionaries were the most fit to accomplish this
work on account of the peculiar circumstances in which
they were placed. If it was necessary to effect civiliza-
tion that not only the individual, but the whole commu-
nity should be improved, what class, he would ask
could so well effect that desirable object as missionaries ?
—(Cheers.) Should merchants be sent out to civilize
a country, would it not be to their interest to make the
best bargain they could, and also to obtain the most
profitable cargo ? Should political enthusiasts be sent
out for such a purpose, might they not be carried away
by their enthusiasm ?—(Cheers.) Should military men
be sent out, would they not be to much localized to ac-
complish the task ?—(Cheers.) But when a missionary
was sent out, he did not succeed in his mission till he
had christianised the community ; he had not accom-
complished his task until he had fashioned the whole
population into a Christian Church.—(Cheers.) It
was the interest of the missionary more than
any individual to carry out the great work of
civilization.—(Cheers.) The resolution, therefore,
did not go too far when it told them that the
missionary was the best calculated to civilize, though, at
the same time, it reminded them that the missionary
was not alone the agent in the cause. It might be asked
bad the missionary labours in barbarous nations shown
a good result ? Clearly they had ; and as a proof of
that he would only request the meeting to consider what
had taken place in Trinidad. There the missionaries
had been labouring with great success, there the slaves
had been enlightened, and their bonds set free, and
what had been the result ? Why, so anxious were they
to appear civilized, that they had ordered 200 watches ;
they would not wait for the best, but the number was
furnished them at 10s. Gd. each, together with a seal
and key. An order had also been sent for bonnets for
the black ladies.—(Cheers.) So much for the labours
of the missionaries ; and he only mentioned these cir-
cumstances to show that civilization and missionary
labours went together. With respect to the duties that
devolved upon the present Society, he would say, look
to the Antipodes, and at New South Wales, the
civilization there could not withstand the broadsides of
the fleets of Europe ; then who were to protect them,
when they could not protect themselves, but that
Society?—(Cheers.) As an instance of this, he would
just state, that some time since, the French sent Roman
Catholic Priests to Tahaiti, the Queen there would
not accept their services, and all present must know,
that Queens had the right if they chose, it was
part of their prerogative, not to receive the services of
those whom they did not choose to employ.—(Great
cheering.) The Catholic priests went to Tahaiti, the
Queen declined their services most civilly. She treated

them in a Christian spirit, but begged leave to re-
(lat them to offer tlp.ir services elsewhere. They
eft the Island, they met a French vessel, and
having informed the Captain of what had taken place.
he determined to go back to the island, and demand sa-
tisfaction for the insult offered to the French nation by
an independent Queen, and that officer, simply because
he had the means of destruction in his power which he
knew the people of Tahaiti had not, stated that unless
two thousand dollars were immediately paid to him,
the French flag planted in the territory, and a salute of
21 guns fired in honour of that flag, he would immedi-
ately fire a broadside on the island.—(Cheers.) They
had no remedy—what could t hey do ? They paid the
money—they planted the flag, and fired the salute—
they
adopted a wise course. It would have been folly
for them to contend ;'but was that the system to be
pursued by the armed ships of Europe ? That Society
was the proper medium for their protection. The two
thousand dollars were taken by direct robbery, he could
give it no other name—the planting of the flag
was a direct insult which would have roused the blood
.of every Frenchman had it occurred in France. That
was the course which had always been pursued, and
would always be pursued, so long as the spirit of gain
actuated the human mind. What nation was par-
ticularly called upon to provide for the protection of
the aborigines ? We had our flag on every sea, and
long might we have it so—our ships were in every port,
and long might they be so—our name was known in
in every market throughout the world—they did not
wish to restrict their commerce ; our ships, colonies,
and commerce had long been our boast—but let us
take care that they do not become our disgrace.—
(Cheers.) He would not be afraid to meet any one
,lass in Great Britain upon the point of the right and
necessity of the labours of the Society. What had
been the custom hitherto ? A man goes and settles on
the borders of the encampment of the aborigines, and
Immediately he commences shooting the natives,
,rho otherwise might have been useful to him ;
had he, in place of taking away his life,
-ivilized him, taught him, the settler would then have
had a protector from the wild beast of the desert. He
hoped the Committee would bring the Society under
the public notice in all parts of the metropolis. He
would be most happy to give all the aid in his power to-
Nerds so desirable a conclusion—(Cheers)—and he
trusted that, by making known its objects, by the next
Annual Meeting they would be enabled to meet in the
upper room.—( Cheers.)
The Rev. M. H AWTIIEY said he had been unexpectedly
called on to second the resolution, but he had much plea-
sure in doing so, because he was firmly convinced that
the principles of the Society were those which would
greatly benefit the poor benighted aborigines. If it
was desirable that the Ministers of the Gospel should
not be engaged in commerce, or abstain from politics, so
ne also thought ought the Missionary, when he went
abroad. At home the most civilised parts were those
where the Gospel was best known, and so it would be
abroad. It was a disgrace to England that so few
Missionaries had been sent out, and he trusted it would
soon be wiped out. For these reasons he had much plea-
sure in seconding the resolution.
The resolution was then put and agreed to una-
nimously.
Ttie CHAIRMAN hoped the meeting would bear in
mind the recommendation given by Mr. Burnett, and
also that he had engaged to lecture in favour of the
Society, and that every one would, in his own sphere,
assert the degree of influence which he possessed, thereby
enlarging the usefulness of the Society. When once
the subject came before the country at large, supporters
and subscribers would not be wanted ; and they could
not expect to influence the Government, until the public
voice was raised.

The Rev, E. EDWARDS, of Lynn, could hardly con-
ceive it possible for any Christian to look upon the ope-
rations of the Society, and the great objects which it
proposed, with indifference. He therefore cordially
proposed the next resolution, for the appointment of
officers.

Mr. WM. ALLEN seconded the motion, which was
agreed to.
__

Colonel NicHou.s, late Governor of Fernando Po,
moved a vote of thanks to the Chairman for the im-
portant services which he had rendered to the objects
contemplated by the Society, and for his kindness in
taking the chair on this occasion.

Dr. HODGKIN, in seconding the resolution, said it
would be like showing a light to the sun to attempt to
inform the meeting what the coloured race owed to the
Chairman.—(Cheers.) He wished to offer a few sug-
gestions to those who might be friendly to the cause.
He would suggest to their stenographic friends to have
the kindness to impress the various Editors of the
Papers with which they were connected, with the
importance of this subject, in order that it
might be made more fully understood not
only in the country, but in the Colonies, for it was of
the utmost importance that the Society should have
friends in the Colonies acquainted with the subject—
ready to send information of every description, because
information and knowledge of facts were the weapons of
the Seciety.—( Hear, hear.) Another important service
which the editors might render was, to disabuse the Co-
lonists as to the nature of the Society, and to show to
them that this Society was not the enemy of any class
of Colonists. Another circumstance worthy of attention
was that the friends of the Society should provide them-
selves with its publications, and circulate them amongst
their friends.—( Hear, hear.) The friends to the cause
might also most materially assist by correspondence.
Dr. Hodgkin had that very morning received
a most valuable and important letter from Dr.
Prichard, of Bristol, a letter which the lateness of the
hour alone prevented him from producing at the thee*.
ing, but which would be printed without delay. He
had great pleasure in seconding the resolution.
The SECRETARY then put the resolution, which
was carried unanimously amid loud applause.
The CHAIRMAN said, that as they had lately heard
so much on this subject, he should not detain them
longer than by returning them his thanks, and express-
ing a hope that by following Mr. Burnett's advice, and
promoting the deli% ery of lectures on this subject, and
the discussion of the objects of the Society, they would
be enabled next year to muster in sufficient numbers
to enable them to occupy the large room.—(Cheers.)
The meeting separated at four o'clock.

The Report contains a list of the Honorary Members
of the Society ; among whom are—in the United States
of North America, Governor Everett, Mr. Tappan,
General Harrison, Colonel Stone, Richard Drake, and
John Ross, a Cherokee Chief ;--in Germany, Alex-
ander VOn Humboldt, Blumenbach, Tiedeman, Julius,
and Mittermaier ;—in France, Edwards, Isambert, De
Gerando, Julien, De Tocqueville, Cabet, and De Beau-
mont ;—in Italy, Orioli ;—in Holland, Hogendorp ;
and in almost every other foreign country men of the
like character ;—and at home, Clarkson, Pritchard,
Chalmers, Campbell, and Herschell.

This part of the Report concludes with the following
tribute to the departed :
" In addition to those who are still living, we desire
in an especial manner to record our respect for our de-
ceased Honorary Members, namely, Mrs. Grant, of
Laggan, the able writer of the Memoirs of an Ameri-
can Lady,' a work which contains the best account with
which we are acquainted of the North American Indians
of the last century ; the Hon. and Right Rev. Dr.
Stuart, Bishop of Quebec, whose enlightened zeal
realized all that Mrs. Grant's sagacity perceived the
Red Indian to be capable of when duly instructed ; the
Rev. Samuel Marsden, who may justly be said to have
been the founder of New Zealand civilization ; and M.
Chamisso, of Berlin, a distinguished German voyager
and writer."

HERTFORD ELECTION.

(YETERDAY.)

The polling commenced yesterday morning at eigh
o'clock. The following are the numbers :

NINE O'CLOCK,
Sir Minto Farquhar - - - - 54

Hon. Mr. Cowper
TEN O'CLOCK.
Sir Minto Farquhar - - - 86
Hon. Mr. Cowper
ELEVEN O'CLOCK.
Sir Mint() Farquhar 136
Hon. Mr. Cowper ----- 136
TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Sir Minto Farquhar - - - - 161
Hon. Mr. Cowper
HALF-PAST TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Sir Minto Farquhar - - - - 173
Hon. Mr. Cowper
ONE O'CLOCK.
Sir Minto Farquhar - - - - 195
Hon. Mr. Cowper
TWO O'CLOCK.
Sir Minto Farquhar - - 221
Hon. Mr. Cowper
THREE O'CLOCK.
Sir Minto Farquhar 243
Hon. Mr. Cowper
FOUR O'CLOCK.
FINAL CLOSE.
Hon. Mr. Cowper
Sir Minto Farquhar - - - 278

Majority for the Hon. Mr. Cowper 19
The above numbers are from Sir M. Farqubar's
Committee-room. Mr. Cowper's Committee make the
numbers nearly the same.

MR. JAMES'S NEW NOVEL " CHARLES TYR-
RELL."—A novel from Mr. James is always welcome.
The present production is excellent in every respect. We
have incident in great variety, with a style and mode of
conducting the many-coloured and diversified events which
are related, that denote the dexterity of a practised and
accomplished novelist. We do: not like to forestall the
reader's pleasure by untangling the mazy web of which
the story is composed, but we can assure him that his
sympathy will be powerfully excited, and that he will he
charmed alike by the character of the incidents and the
power displayed in unfolding them.—Courier.

EVENING EDITION.

BOROUGH OF IVTAhYL`F,BONE

REFORM ASSOCIA CION.

It having been resolved at a Meeting of this Associa-
tion, " That in the existing state of parties in the
Borough, the return of two Reform Candidates can
be secured only by cordial union among Reformers.
" That to promote such a union, this Association, do
choose by Ballot, only one Reform Candidate , and the
Reform Association in Warren-street is hereby invited
to choose only one Reform Candidate.
" That, in the opinion of this Association, when the
two Reform Candidates have been so chosen, by their
respective Associations, a Public Meeting of Reformers
ought to be convened, to ratify their choice, and to
secure the cordial co-operation of all classes of
Reformers.

" That a copy of the above resolutions be sent to our
tried friends, the Parochial Committee and other Re-
formers of St. Pancras, with an earnest invitation to
assist this Association by their en-operation and advice ;
and that the ballot, mentioned in the second resolution,
be postponed, till they have had an opportunity of ex-
pressing an opinion on the course now proposod."
" That a copy of these resolutions be also sent to
the Reform Association in Warren Street.
A meeting of the Association was held yesterday
evening, at the Horse and Groom, Portland-steeet,
when it was stated that these resolutions having been
forwarded to the Secretary of the Pancras Parochial
Committee (Mr. Douglas), the answer was to the effect
that though the Committee fully agreed in the neces-
sity of union among Reformers, and wished to have at
least one Radical in for the borough, but that at pre-
sent there appeared no prospect of a dissolution, and
that therefore, there did not seem to be any reason for
an immediate nomination of Candidates. The Warren-
street Society had merely acknowledged the receipt of the
communication through the newspapers. The Warren-
street Society had expressed a surprise that, at least as to
Sir Benjamin Hall, any change in the representation of
the borough should be contempl sted. The Reform
Association, however, repudiated the starting doctrine
that because a candidate had once been elected he was
not, therefore, at a dissolution to be accountable to his
constituents. Independence of the smiles of a Court
and of the corruption of a Ministry, the Reform Asso-
ciation certainly approved ; but independence of a con-
stituency they did not understand.

Mr. W ALL (the Honorary Secretary for the Reform
Association said, whereas Sir S. Whalley had always
stood the ordeal of a Ballot from the Reform Assooia-
tions. Sir B. Hall did not seem inclined to go through
such a test ; and the consequence of a gentleman
standing forward as a candidate wholly dependent on his
own will, would be, that instead of two Reform candi-
dates being elected, one only would be returned. Re-
form Associations were recommended by their Com-
mittee to join with the St. Pancras Parochial Commit-
tee in choosing for the present only one candidate, to
be afterwards submitted to a public meeting of the Re-
formers. Mr. Wall stated that this Association did un-
doubtedly comprise the great body of the working men
of the borough. What would be the position of Sir 13.
Hall, if he had not the cordial co-operation of this
Association ?—( Hear, hear, and a cry of " He must
go to the wall"—Laughter.) If the Warren-street As-
sociation were for peace, the Reform Association were
for peace—(Cheers)—but if the Warren-street Society
were for war, war they should have—(Great cheering)and the result would be, to bring in one Tory.—(Hear,
hear, and a cry of " Two.") Every time that the As-
sociation had put forward two candidates, and two
only—they had succeeded.—(Hear.)
Several Speakers expressed a hope that the Re-
formers of the borough would agree together to sup-
port one Whig and one Radical—and both would be
carried through triumphantly ; this excited great cheer-

ing.

Mr. TAYLOR said it appeared to him that the only
question was, whether this Association should postpone
the nomination of a second Candidate—seeing that the
Warren-street Society ha,l selected Sir B. Hill. Un-
doubtedly a long preceding nomination was dangerous.
—( El ear, hear.)
Mr. G. A. YOUNG said he must confess that
most of Sir B. Hall's votes had met with his 9P-
probation. But it was a just and righteous proposition
on the part of this Association, that their principles
were
entitled at least to one representative for the borough •
and so long as six electors would adhere to that Pr°l3°-,
sition, lie was determined to carry it out.--(Cheers.)
A deep principle was involved in this question, whether,
the independence of the borough should be supportea
by the electors choosing their own candidates, or de-
stroyed by allowing candidates to be thrust upon ththemby a clique.—(Cheers.) He thought nothing more fair
than the proposal of the Association, and he cordially
supported the recommendation of the Committee.
Colonel THOMPSON said the body of Reformers
be divided into " finality" and " anti-finality
men. Now, as Marylebone stood in rather a more
favourable position with respect to Radicals than many
other boroughs, was it not their duty to carry forward
their object manfully ?—(Cheers.) There were upwards
of 300 boroughs in the empire. in which the Radicals
had, if they were decided and firm in their conduct, at
least a chance of succeeding. Now, allow only one in
ten of these, there were 30 true Radical Reform ers
secured for the House of Commons. Let the Whigs
have Sir B. Hall ; but why shoull not the Radicals
have their man too ?—(Cheers.) They had the power
—let it be exercised.—(Cheers.) And if disunion en-
sued, let the blame rest with those who produced the
dissension, by refusing the reasonable proposal for an
equal share of the representation between Whigs and
Radicals.—(Cheers.) Signs might, perhaps, be at pre-
sent against the Radical cause, but, assuredly, it was
rapidly gaining ground in the country.—(Cheers.)
The report was received and adopted.
It was resolved that the Warren-street Society bad
grossly misrepresented the views of the Association, a t
a meeting reported in the Chronicle and Advertiser
yesterday (Monday), that the Association adhered to
its resolutions.

[We must mention it as " rather too bad" th at the
meeting summoned at 7 for 8, was delayed till 9. Some
people's time is valuable.

ADDRESS TO THE QUEEN•

SHREWSBURY, MAY 20.—A requisition, respectably
signed, having been presented to the Mayor on Thurs-
day last, wishing him to call a public meeting, to cake
into consideration the propriety of addressing her Mg:
jesty the Queen, to express the loyalty of the inbabr''
tants, their attachment to her Majesty's person, and tiled
congratulations on the defeat of the late atteniPtdir
impose on the Queen terms inconsistent with t.ibe;„ty
nignity of the Crown ; and also to petition her Tati- ye
to bestow her continued confidence on those vr'°--aa d
proved themselves the zealous advocates of civil
religious liberty.

The Mayor'(Richard Ford, Esq.) issued notices DI
vening a public meetieg in the Guildhall, which t°°
place accordingly this day. Soon after twelve o'elecl,
i
the Hall was filled to overlowing ; the whole proceed'
ings reflected credit upon the inhabitants of Shrews°
bury. The bigoted Tories knowing they would have
been in a very small minority, stayed away, with one
very insignificant exception, who alone opposed thue
resolutions in word and by holding up his hand, whit
is is generally employed even more raischievously. in
circulating calumny and falsehood. The Mayor obtone"
him a hearing and he commenced by saying
we look abroad at our domestic affairs."—The speakers
in support of the objects of the meeting, were Mr'
Yardley, whose speech on moving the first resolution
was highly creditable to his abilities and principles. Mr'
Slaney, M.P., in support of it spoke well, and bis re*
marks and opinions expressed, have increased thetrie.
pact felt for him by his constituents. The Rev. 'fi;
Leicester in seconding the Address, did himself much
honour as a Clergyman of the Establishment, in °lf
taining the principle of loyalty to the Sovereign, in c°l
junction with an ardent support of the true interests •
the people and of general civil and religious liberty.
Proposed by W. YARDLEY, Esq., and seconded by
W. I. CLEMENT, Esq.
" That in the present state of public affairs it is e„s/;
pedient that the inhabitants of this town present
Address and petition to her Majesty, the (Nee"' el)to
gratulating her on the failure of the late atteniPt
remove from the Royal Household her Majesty her
sonal friends, thanking her Majesty for reo4lling• es
tfteformer Ministers, and praying her Majesty at all
to entrust the administration of the affairs of the -tand
to sincere Reformers and zealous advocates of civil
religious liberty."
The Address embodied the sentiments of the first
Resolution, and was proposed by W. tiAzLEDINE, Esq.
and seconded by the Rev. CHARLES LEICESTER.
It was moved by Mr. B. Poor. and seconded by Mr.

R. J. MUCKLESTON,
ci That the Mayor, the Mover and Seconder of the
Address, and R. A. Slaney, Esq., the Member for this
Borough, present the Address to her Majesty." '

Thanks to the Mayor were voted with three cheers,
Three cheers were given for Mr. Slaney, and the Meet"
ing separated.
The several Resolutions and Address were carried
enthusiastically with one solitary dissentient.

SMITHFIELD CHARTER ASSO-
CIATION-SIMULTANEOUS MEETINGS.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.
Sta,—Having undeniable proofs of spies in various disguiser
among the people, at our Meeting on Kennington Common,
armed with
pocket pistols and other destructive weapons,
we rejoice, in despite of all their vile efforts, (aided by
secret money to entrap us,) that they and their blood-thirsty
employers were disappointed. And we the more Snub'
resolved, that morally, or physically, they shall be made to
bite the dust, as all unprincipled, dark plotting villains
ought, who seek thus to enslave their more virtuous and
industrious fellow-countrymen. As a public manifestation
of these our honest and und;sguiscd feelings,
we request
the insertion of this in your Paper, which will oblige those
whose principles are " Peace and good will unto all men.
T. SMITH, Secretary.

MAY 20, 1839.
