zhe a-Iw+

LONDON,
MONDAY EVENING, APRIL 27, 1833.

We stated on Saturday that the Electors of Not
tinham had taken the lead, by having the honour
of returning the first Member of the Reform
Ministry. We have now the proud satisfac-
tion of adding four more patriotic Constituencies
who have followed the glorious example, by an-
swering the appeal of Reform Members—Haddington,
Berwick, Sandwich, and Newport.
The Haddington, and other electors of that district
of burghs, received, as we anticipated, Mr. ROBERT
STEUART with open arms; and such has been their
enthusiasm in the good cause, that no opposition has
even been attempted. The new Lord of the Treasury
is therefore secure.

At Berwick the Government have risen fifty per

cent. since the last appeal of Sir RUFAICE DO KIN
to that spirited constituency. So well was the Gal-
lant General entrenched in the affections of the people.,
that when " BILLY HoLm Es" made his appearance
in that quarter, he found so little chance of succeeding,
.either by storm or bribery, that, after two days' ma-
. tueuvring and reconnoitring the General's position, he
.drew off from the field and fairly bolted I--leaving the
General to be returned this day without opposition.
Nor is the cause of a sincerely reforming Ministry
less triumphant at Sandwich ;—there, too, Lord
VILLIERS, as if following the example of the
Ex-Whipper-in, showed his face at Sandwich, and,
groaning in spirit, bolted likewise—leaving the Union
Jack of Reform triumphant at the mast-head of the
Gallant TROUBRIDGE.
Indeed, so unanimous and determined were the
freemen of Sandwich in the good cause, that they
have formed themselves into a Patriotic Asso-
ciation, with a view hereafter to maintain the
independence of their borough against all the
agents of corruption, come they in what guise they
may. Such was the effect produced on Lord
VILLIERS by this firmness, that he published
an address to his few friends, stating that as he found
public opinion so much against him he would decline
any further canvass.
'At Newport Mr. ORD will be returned this day
without any opposition.
That this is very well for one day, even the Tories
must admit.

Mr. MORE O'FERR.ALL has accepted the office oi
Lord of the Treasury, which completes the number o
that Board.

If Lord J. RUSSELL be not ejected from South
Devonshire, it will not be the fault of the Tories.
They are canvassing in all quarters—stirring heaven
and earth to turn him out. At Plymouth they are
particularly active ; but so doubtful, to all appearance,
of success—so forcibly impressed with a consciousness
of their weakness—as to have called in Mr. G. DAW-•
SON—Who does not know DERRY DAWSON ?—as an
auxiliary. We wish them joy of their new ally. Of
all public men, he is the very last we should have se-
lected as a friend—the very first we should desire as an
enemy. If this dictum appear severe, we refer for our
justification to a speech which the Right Hon. Gen-
tleman delivered on Friday last, at a public dinner
given to him and Mr. PARKER, the opponent of Lord
J. RUSSELL, by the Plymouth Tories. In this
cneech he comments on—what he calls—the coalition
betweed the MELBOURNE Administration and Mr.
O'CONNELL, ?n terms of abuse which Billingsgate
may equals but cannot
toossibly surpass. As for any-
thing like gentlemanly feeling, there is not a spark of
it in his phillippic. Hate and spite, and that low,
reckless malignity peculiar to small minds—who, being
cursed with an ambition above their capacity, are
constantly thwarted in their aims—breathe in every
sentence. He does not even attempt to keep his tem-
per, but adopts the same unmeasured tone and phraseo-
logy towards the O'Connellites, that he once adopted
towards the Canningites. We thank the Right Hon.
Gentleman for this seasonable display of unleavened
malice. It will have all the effect that could be de-
sired. The Reformers will read it with disgust ; the
Tories with regret ; and even the Ultras will seek to
explain away, and, that failing, to repudiate, its senti-
ments. Oh that we had a few more DAWSONS in
Devonshire ! Two more such speeches, delivered by
two more such orators—and Toryism would be extin-
guished for ever in the West of England I There is
nothing like the opposition of a blockhead, to further
a good cause. As much assistance was rendered to
Catholic Emancipation by Lord- KENYON'S letters
against it, as will now be rendered to Lord JOHN
RUSSELL by Mr. DAWSON'S intemperate phillippic.
Similar in spirit, and not far differing in judgment,
is the opposition headed by Mr. D'IsRAELI in Taun-
ton against Mr. LABOUCHBRE. DISRAELI versus
LABOUCHERE ! Was ever such a joke ? Are the
Tories really so hard pushed for allies, that they can
find none worthier than the pert scribbler of some half
a dozen trashy novels, which have long since reached
their proper destination—the trunk-maker's ? What
has become of all the wealth, intelligence, and re-
spectability, which, they are constantly assuring us, are
to be found among their supporters ? Are all these qua-
lifications embodied in the person of Mr. DISRA ELI ?
Is he the only man calculated in their opinion, to con-
test the palm of excellence with Mr. LA BOUCHERE ?
Who is he ? What, is he ? We will tell our readers.
As a politician, he is an apostate. As a poet, he is a
blockhead. As a novelist, a mere non-entity. Can
Ur. LABOUCH ERE say as much ? Not he I He is
merely a straits forward statesman, who has no higher
qualifications than experience, shrewdness, and con-
sistency. Poor recommendations these, when com-
pared with his rival's versatile and brilliant ones !
Nevertheless. though he can neither make a lady's-
maid weep—a critic stare—nor a Reformer laugh—
we will back his pretensions against those of a dozen
DISRAELIS. Such mushrooms are the mere growth
of a night. They are to be picked up on every Tory

In the North• the prospects of the Reformers are
quite as encouraging as in the South. There is no
more doubt of Lord MORPETH'S return for York-
shire, than of Mr. POULETT THOMPSON'S return for
Manchester. True, both will be opposed—virulently
opposed—opposed with all the weight that Tory spite,
backed by Tory gold, can throw into the scale ; still
the opposition will have no other result than that of
showing, the one party its weakness, the other its
strength. Rightly, nevertheless, did Mr. POULETT
THOMPSON advise his constituents to keep night and
day on the alert. Rightly did he warn them to think
nothing gained till all was .gained. None but the
veriest idiot underrates the resources of his enemy.
Gold has wonderful powers of persuasion, and this is a
species of logic which the Tories will bring to bear in
full force against the Reformers. -
One word more and we have done. The northern
parsons are, we understand, vieing with their southern
brethren in the rancour of their opposition to the Re-
formers. They are everywhere getting up the stale old
cry of " the Church in danger ;" and calling on all
their flocks to rally under the oriflainme of Toryism.
Are these men mad ? Are they anxious to precipitate
their doom ? Have we not sufficient proofs already that
the Church requires Reform, but her own Ministers
must come forward and supply us with additional ones?
As they value a little longer tenure of their pluralities,
we advise the Tory parsons to he quiet. We con_
jure them by their veneration for golden stalls ;
by their yearnings after the crosier and the mitre ; by
their love of " purple and fine linen ;" by their re-
spect for rich wines and sauces, and a seat at the table
of the aristocracy ;—by each and all of these notorious
predilections, we entreat these Professors of primitive
Christianity, to beware how, by mixing themselves up
with matters that no wise concern them, they draw
down the indignation of the people on their apostolic
heads.

The nomination of candidates for the representation
of the Northern Division of Essex, vacant, in conse-
quence of Mr. ALEXANDER BARINcr'S having been
" pitchforked,"—as a Sunday paper happily phrases
it—into the House of Lords, takes place this day.
It must be extremely gratifying to the friends of

Reform to learn that Mr. DISNEY, the Chairman
of the Quarter Sessions, is to be but in norni
nation. Mr. DISNEY was solicited to allow him-
self to be proposed at the last elee';ion, but cleaned
the honour—principally, we believe, from the Tory
.MClnbers having nearly completed ,their canvass before
he could commence his. The Reformers of Essex are
now, we hope, better prepared to meet their opponents
in the field. With such a candidate as Mr. DISNEY,
a man of great talents and sterling principle, whose
manly character and devotion to the liberal cause, have
given him so great a hold of the affections, and so
strong a claim to the suffrages, of the Essex electors—
with such a candidate, we say, backed, as his justly
hiali pretensions must be, by the hearty exertions of
the Reformers throughout the country—we cannot en-
tertain a doubt of the issue of the contest.

The Session of Parliament commences on the 12th
of May. As far as the transaction of public business
is concerned, this is literally the fact, thanks to the
patriotism of our late Tory governors. These high-
minded statesmen, as their well-paid flatterers are
instructed to denominate them—possess many pe-
culiar sources of consolation to cheer the dull
monotony of their exile alas ! that it should
be perpetual exile from the blissful regions
of office. They can look back with unalloyed
satisfaction on the popular excitement, and the
universal stagnation of
private business, occasioned by
their successful dissolution of a reforming Parlia-
ment, not quite two years old. It will enliven the
glom of their solitude to reflect on the•unutterable
disgrace which their detected and exposed hypocrisy
has heaped upon themselves—aye, and upon their pos-
terity, should the names of any of them survive the
present generation. They can contemplate with un-
speakable gratification the moral fleet upon the public
mind produced by an abandonment of principle so fla-
grant, so shocking, so utterly unexampled and incredible,
that it would have been pronounced impossible, had it
not occurred before the eyes of the whole world. But
the most delightful recreation of their retrospective fa-
culties will, we doubt not, be that which reminds
them that they have stopped the public business
for three months ! we ought rather to say for six
months. Lord MELBOURNE'S Administration was
dismissed in November, and it resumes its func-
tions in May I The interval belongs to the
Tories it is really and truly their's, and it
is for them to show how they have em-
ployed it how many of those- important objects
which, they say, justified their unconstitutional usur-
pation of power have been attained. Does the
restoration of the MELBOURNE Administration prove
the necessity of its dissolution ? It is rather an awkward
sort of demonstration we should think. Has the cause
of Toryism gained much by the transactions of the last
half year ? And how stands the cause of Reform
now How does RE-ACTION progress? But so-
berly, we guess—at least it bodes no good when BILLY
HoLmEs has bolted from Berwick, and Lord VIL-
LIERS from Sandwich. .

The public business being placed so greatly in arrear
by the desperate proceedings of an unprincipled fac-
tion, what course ought the present Government to
pursue ? Their course, we think, is obvious to
the most superficial thinker. Let them not em-
barrass themselves with a multiplicity of affairs
of secondary importance. Let them bend their atten-
tion to the two great measures, to the accomplishment
of which the nation is now looking with intense
anxiety—the Reform of the Corporations, and of the
Irish Church. We put Corporation Reform first, be-
cause it is out of all sight the most important
measure, which now remains for the consideration of
the Legislature, and will, when carried, render every
other improvement in our national institutions easy and
sure. The example has been set, and the groundwork laid
in that excellent measure which has restored the ancient
constitution of the Scotch boroughs, by subjecting the
corporations to popular control. Let the English
corporations undergo a similar process of amelioration
—let the ten-pound constituency be let in upon
these abodes of accumulated corruption, and the
Augtean stable will soon be completely cleansed.

The mistake which took place on Friday at the
Bank respecting the Government bills presented for
payment was of no consequence whatever. Even if it
were, the fault was entirely attributable to Sir ED-
WARD KNATCHBULL, in whose department it origi-
nated, and who managed his department up to Friday
evening. The whole affair was one of mere routine, and
ought not to have been made such a prodigious fuss
about by those who knew better. As to the charge
of there having been no money, owing to " the factious
opposition," it is sheer nonsense.

The Paris papers of Friday and Saturday have been
received. A majority of nearly four-fifths of the
Chamber of Deputies has resolved that slavery shall
not be abolished in the French Colonies—at least not
until the effects of the British Slave Emancipation
Act are fully ascertained. The item in the Marine
Budget, for increasing the police.in the slave planta-
tions, was defended on the ground that the French
slaves, having learned the freedom extended to their
brethren by the Government of Great Britain, were
beginning to manifest signs of discontent. This plea
was admitted, and the motion carried. Let it not, how-
ever, be supposed that slavery can long be continued
in the French Colonies ; and much less be presumed
that the people of France are indifferent to the merits
of this great question. The example of England will
operate very powerfully both on the Government
and the slaves themselves. - But however strongly
the nation may feel on the subject, the present
is not a-time for adopting any measures which such
feelings might be supposed to prompt. The question
was mooted in the Chamber in a manner as unlikely
to call forth the sentiments of the public as it was un-
expected. There was neither a direct motion regarding
slavery, nor the notice of such a motion, before the
Charher ; and as to the grant for increasing the Po-
lice, it was absolutely necessary to preserve the peace
of the Colonies, until the Chambers shall be prepared
to entertain more fully the condition of the slave po-
pUlation.

The preparations for the trial of the prisoners, as
well as for the celebration of the KING'S birth-day,
are nearly completed. The birth-day fete will be
given on the Ist of May, at which all the great func-
tionaries of the kingdom, and the Foreign Ministers, are
invited to be present. Paris is already encompassed with
troops, ostensibly to give eclat to the public rejoicings,
but in reality to quell the populace, in the event of any
disturbance consequent upon bringing the prisoners to
trial. The KING is active in taking measures for
insuring a full attendance of Peers. Some, however,
have positively refused to preside, among whom are
Marshals SOULT and GERARD, Prince de TALLEY-
RAND, M. de PREISSAC, M. de PONTECOULANT,
and M. de DUBOUCHAGE. LOUIS PHILIPPE has
not been indifferent to the chances of such secessions
among the resident Peers. All Members of the
Chamber of Peers, filling the office of Ambassadors at
foreign Courts, have received the most imperative
orders to be present in Paris, during the trial of the
prisoners. The latest day on which they are to arrive
is fixed for the 30th inst. Most of them are already
on their way. Marshal MAISON has left St. Peters-
