P•7CT'U4LLING-OFFICE,

Sept. 16, age.
•
'THE CONAIISSIPN.ERSfor VIcTUALLISt;
111$ friy.t.srv, NA I' do hereby give Noihr,
That on Fridgy next, the a lb instant, they 4vill be ready to re.
reive Tendert, in -writing. ?seated up),,:aqd treat .jor Twa
Hundred ThGurand adlans`q WEST' INDIA'KUM ; in he
deli erect ant of' the 'Bonded Wareb;nses,-at the Port.6l London,
one half thtleof 11 one jll,,,nth, and the other half' in the e-urse
,c 1 one Itfonth afterwards, into",his ellajesy't Yectualling Stores
•lai'MPtiotlit.rtred to be taidfir 5y Bilh, payable with Interest,
Ninety Dsrt after date. ' •

The Condition: of the ,Comieial•teto 4e J111141164' SOTI ['MCP'S
Olietc "

IVo regard told be‘hadlo.any Tender ih yohichrhe Price t1,.11
not le insirtrei in, words at length, that shall not he de.
liver,. to the' 'Board before Oat
,o'Clock' on lie .said Friday
teers,.tke zotb instant, nor iinless the eerion 7vho makes Its
Tench..r, or some PCIJOJI on hit bet alf:1 .ititJrlit, to antrwe, when
called tor.

;WAILS. •
MAZY Cacii4, t Lliffon,, I Dublin, Dux—rt Dub.
lin, l'Waterluill. •

, •
I: OF STOCKS r• 1 .
THIS DAY A r Twu:v
,0101.09 C.
M COO'S., . 63114 Omninin dis. par.

T 11

S U N.

SULAM QUIS VICARS FALSUM ALIDLAT

LONbON,

TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 174 .1811.

We have this day given• at length the answer of
the Spanish Government to the, note presented by
Mr. WELLESLRY, It is certainly to'be lamented
that the British Minister Should have been Cempelled
by the conduct of certain individuals to present the
official 'note twilit'', we yesterday ',laid before our
Readers'; but as the active emissaries of France had.
circulated reports which were calculated to ex...
cite suspicion and jealousy against this country,,
it became absolutely necessary both ,for- :the ho-
nour of Great Britain, and for the geodef the Allied
Cause, that all
.doubta. should be reinaved. The
answer of the Spanish 'Government
,nd.sit'ilpf46lory, and we trust that the publication of
these docutnents will have-the iftea of removing
• any suspicions which they have beert.instilled into
'the-minds ofthe People of Cadiz, by Spanish Trai-
tors,in the pay of
,Frat!cts, respeding the motives 'by:
Which- the . British- Government is a6tuated. We
cannot but regret most deeply that at such a. moment,.
woen. Spain iv •Centending for
.her very existenee,
against ee almost overwhelming forae,and against the
. most unpareileletl.-000eiy, there Should be found
Spaniards who, if not in the pay of BUOgAPALITS,
are at least actively supporting his.eause,hy exciting
. ,
• groundless alarms, and by r endeavouring to create
divisions, when the safety of their, country depends
upon union. We cannot, however, agree with an
OpnoSition Paper of this inotniog, which,
rin allud.
Aug to this official correspondence, seems to infer
that the cause of Spain is hopeless. It is singular
that those who are the. londeSt • 'declaimers in
favour of liberty and of indenendence, .should
.be the least willing to. make eery effort to. main-
tain them.. How often have they told us, that
the cause of Spain and Portugal was hopeless;
and how often have the advocates 'of liberty advised
Ministers to consign the inhabitants of the Perrin,
. sula to slavery, by withholding from Ahem all as.
Dance ? That we have seen much to lament in
Spain is. true : the apathy of some, and the treason
a 'other's has certainly facilitated the designs of the
enemy ; but surely, after the gallant and-. perse.
vering exertions of the mass of theSpaniali:Reople,
mere can be no cause foi despair. The Fircnrmatances
under which Spain began the contest were .singular-
, ly unfavourable : she had no governthent--the ene-
my were in possession of many of. her'lstrongest
Votresses: and hed- gained over many'of her-nobles
arid leading men; now under such circumstances is it
strange that doubts, and fears Should exist in the
minds. of the people of )
.it
,wonder-
ful,' that having suffered so much from .the
treachery of a nation which had long been their
ally, they should with the small incapSof information
which they possessed, entertain some tears respea-
ing the sincerity of a.ninion which-hid-long been,
. their .eneroy. The steady and magnanimous con-
dutt of the British Government, is the best answer to
the insinuations of. the French emissaries, and the
distinct statement made by ?sl Wimi.P:3LEY, will,
we trust, remove the doubts of those. who have been
misled ,by their efforts: -. ,„

Some further extra as, friim the Spanish and Por.
itigueso Papers which arrived; yesterday, will be
lbunti in a subsequent coltimn.

" Mindsor-Castle, Sept. 15, 1811.

" The KING continues in the same state.

" H. HALFORD.
'4 W,IIILBERPhti„
44 1(. WILLIS."

Letters from Gibraltar,of the 16th of Aogust say,
they expected every chiy the gates to be shot, ow.
;m to a report of a fever having broke out in Car-
t I);t4ena.

Cdp:Z 44VD LISBON I'iIPER3,

The following. article 's the Answer to the Official Note'
transmitted by the !lon. 11 WILLIS LitY7 the Ert;lish,•l
Mmister, ti--Thn rosiaio De BAiDAXA AZnit A; I'ITSt
Secretary of'?6:4lC; I.M,:t I,:d i 4 our Paper yesterday :

ANSWER.,,

SIR',
-
.Without - loss of. time I presented to the Coon:
cif of Regency the Note which your Excellency
was pleased Au, transmit to o,e on' the kittilusiabi,
gs well as a .copy of the paper lately printed tend
published'. in,-this city. 'His .Excellency, fully int:
pressed twit h what your Excellency bas been,;:pleased
.10. state cepcertiing the malicians Tutoours ..which
have been for sometime. so,insinstrionsly circulated
in these parts, has orclertd.rne.above-ail ,things to:
.declare, that believing himself, as inuch-inteieSted.,
'as your Excellency, in discrediting.,reports •, and ,
writings which can in the least degree~ offend the '
respect and decorum due to .his ,Britannic Majesty,.
his Government, and the g6gliah Nation, willnaust
willingly hasten , to publish the ,Note of your Ex-.
Cellenty with this reply, well persuaded that their
publication 'cannot fail to undeceive the incautious
who have allowed theinselves lobe seduced by pee-
ple, who intend to destroy, the. ft iendship and amity
which happily, and without the least. interruption,
subsists between the two Allied Nations, and with-
Out which neither union, nor concord, can subsist
between their respedive Governments...
". In regard to 'the ,imputations to which your
• Excellency refers in: your Note, considering them
as injurious to the August Sovereignty, as to,,the
Government of the British station, they cannot cer.
lowly be attributed to the generality. of the, iahabi.
tants of Cadiz, of this bulwark (if. Spanish intlepen.
dence; much less to the nation in general, who has
given so many proofs ails gratitude for the gener-
ous assistance of Great Britain. They can therefore.
have their origin only in the jutagination. of some'
individual>, who, influenced by the enemy, or car,
tied away by the desire; of being singular.in their
opinions and aspire 'at no epenteral cele-
brity, to which they sacrifice the-most sacred in-
terests of their country, which (bey aci nut know or
prefer to their own. ,
" Fortunately, the number of per Sons engaged
in introducing• mistrust between the two Alliod Nit
tines is very hunted' and so %cry interior to those*
who property appreciate 'tLe generrins rft'sirfs of
Great Britain, in the pre,;ent 'contest, that 'ley' can
never ootain the end v.lncli they live
.proposed;
oar rather, 'On' the contrary, the artifice emPlbyed
by the enemy to sow disco)d being once known, its
well as the instruments:made use of, both will be
included in the execratiiin. of all 'gitio4 Spaniards,
who without .dispute, constitute the greater part of
those who cotnpose'thl vast Monarchy:
"‘ Nothing pi oVes so. much what .I have stated,
as. the iejulieus suspicions . which accompany the
report's and rumours spread:respealtig the pretended
occupation of Cadiz by the troops 01 his Britannic
Majesty, to which the French have contributed from
the first day they'Presented themselves before Ihis•
placefor the. purpose of intreducing discOrd, and pro.
clueing mistrust in the :Minds of its inhabitants.
objets obje of this imposture being known, it will
not be difficult to comprehend the views of those..
who are so eager in circulating and giving credit to
them ; but the public, in reading the concluding ex-'
pressions of your Excellency on this point, and Ise'l'.
persuaded before that the two Goveintnents cannot
do less than agree in respect to the number of troops
necessary for the defence.of so important a position;
will.remain tranquil in the confidence with which
the Government m must inspire the, and in the good
faith of the British Cabinet. .
The same Council of 'Regency has more titan'
once been the Mark of calumnies , more or less'in.
jurions, both in Wards and writings, but certain of
its rectitude of conduct, and that nothing could be
attached with the • least' foundation.contrary to the
decorum and dignity of its representation, iS.ttio..
roughly satisfied that it has its support in the opi-
nion of the good. Consequently, his Excellency
has charged me to inform your Excellency, that-the
Spanish. nation, as well as its Goverumeol, tarl'Yorn
paying attention to the insidious .recearks,whiChihe
enemy has succeeded in continually scattering, 40,
dissolve the firm bonds which unite the two po,wers,
are completely convinced, that nothing but use
combined efforts- of both can bring to. n glorious
conclOsien the arduous cutely' ise for which theyhave
foug4t, tied they aro therefore penetrated`,with the
just 'gratitude they owe ,Great Britain, for.the.hyelY
interest with which, from the cemmencetneot. of
the war,. it has proteCted and assisted §patn,in.cle.
fence of its Kin4,and.p'olitical independence...44e
expreSsionaeotitaitied to this 'reply,. anti cite ampere
. protestation that the Council of Regency artioolly
desires, 'as your Excellency must. know, to 4.ve(y
clay dra‘' closer the relations of friendship and
,reci.:
proud, con tidersce between both nations,: will, Wit h.:
.ont'deubt, suffice. toCaltn theinquietude,which ano.
nit:madly was excited in the mind of 'your F...xeel'•
lency, by the rdninurs and writings which gave
occasion for your Excelleacy's Note, and at the.,
same thite, ..flatter 'myself will insure the ceneinua-
.of the'aid which.the painful.situation, pi, Spain
'render so -indispensable, in order to happily coil-
clude.the heroic contest in which it
_is engaged, and
whose success toy st necessarily be favourable through
the united efforts of the two united natienS.. ,
.terate to yOur Excellency, my .greitt., esteena,, and
consider/alto°.

• —,...s.rorr•F,

~ ,•

Cana, 'AUG. 2,B2:—We ate-assured.
hos returned to Seville, and that he-.will proceed to:
Ftattce.
AUG. 30.-7 rle day befiire yesterday
titis port, the Spanish frigate,Et Comerc di Linig.
trchn Callas, after a posage‘Tof days: ---Ainong-_,
other things, she brings 339,.902 dollars and 10o'quinyils of. powder.—The. intelligence received by
,her respeotitig the public tranquility and good . dis!-
positiioni of the inhabitanti of_ the
_viceroyalty .of
Peru. are most satisfactory.
:MAnatn,. -JULY 25.—The intelligence from the
tfrontiers, respecting the entrance of troops are ninth
.at variance, , although. thdce the most it) be 'relied
upon assert, that if any detachments have entered,
:is was only thosetwitich some time back escorted Cie-,
nerals and mutilated sukliers. to France. -

JULY 30.--There has. been a contribution of
04p,000 btishell of wheat, and 750,000 of barley
imposed upon the provinces of Madrid, Toledo,
Cuenca', Mancha, Avila and Segovia. The entii
and going 'dot of troops from this city, in which
there are from 4 to 5,000 men, still continues;
