rpt 7'34
•rv.‘
eetatt.

LONDON,
FRIDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER 7, 1832.

The Marquis of PALMELLA was to have left
London this evening, and, in expectation of his
doing so, despatches were prepared for him at
the Foreign-office, which are said to be of con-
siderable importance. It appears, however, that
in consequence of some new arrangements his
departure is again put off.

We are glad to hear that a proposal has been
made to some of the agents of Don PEDRO, to pro-
vide the pecuniary means of fitting out the rein-
forcements for the army, ecc. independently of the
loan. The Scrip holders, however, would do
well to consider, whether it would not be
better for them to come forward with a
small advance, although not hound to do so
by their agreement, and thus ensure the success
of Don PEDRO, and the safety of their Loan,
without compelling the Constitutionalists to
apply for money elsewhere. If we are correctly
informed, the arrangement which has been pro-
posed by other parties could not be accepted with•.
out injury to British interests ; and the question
has hitherto, so far at least as the nation are con-
cerned, been so purely British, that we cannot
refrain from expressing a hope that it will be tri-
umphantly carried through by those who first en-
abled Don PEDRO to prepare the expedition by
which he has been enabled to obtain possession
of the second city of the kingdom.
The necessity of energy is the more apparent
when we consider that, however well dis-
posed our Cabinet may be to the cause of
the legitimate QUEEN, no declaration is
likely to be made in her favour which would
effectually promote her views. We have
heard it stated by persons well acquainted
with the subject, and who would not willingly
deceive, that less than a hundred thousand
pounds would so reinforce the army and navy
of Don PEDRO, as to make his prospects
secure. It becomes, therefore, a question
whether a further advance shall be seasonably
made, or those who having advanced 13 per cent.

upon the loan shall incur the risk of losing all
that they have paid,,

It is satisfactory in these truckling times to be
able to correct a Misstatement, by which it has
been made to appear that the French Govern-
ment, regardless of honour, and at the express
desire of Russia, kidnapped a great number of
the Poles Who Were in France, and shipped
them off for Algiers. We are authorised to
state, that beyond the expression of a wish that
they would emigrate to Algiers, there to be
embodied in a corps, as they were in Egypt
under NAPOLEON, nothing was done on the

subject, and that it was no sooner known that
they were obnoxious to the plan, than the aban-
donment of it took place. The anxiety of the
French Government to contradict this statement
is an admission of deference to public opinion
very creditable to Louis PHILIPPE ; and we
are glad also to see that he has caused an
official contradiction to be made, by a morn.
ing contemporary, of the report of his having
requested the King of BELGIUM to dismiss
the Poles who are in his service. We must ob-
serve, however, that if he would have the world
believe in his professions of liberality and inde-
pendence, he must, considering his responsibility
as the President of the Council, take care lest
he allows illiberal and unjust things to be at-
tempted in his name.

We have received a letter from Brussels, in
which it is stated, on positive grounds, that the
report of Prince METTERNICH having been
there, is utterly unfounded.

CHARLES X. has positively taken his pass-
port from our Government for his immediate
departure, with his family, for the Austrian do-
minions. Gratz is a place for cheap living, and
where the Catholic religion is maintained with
the greatest strictness. _

The cup of bitterness for the unhappy Poles
does not yet appear to be full, according to the
Russian idea of national degradation. To-day
we have a further account of the barbarous expe-
dients resorted to by the tyrant NICHOLAS,
to banish the last remains of the Polish army to
Siberia, or to incorporate them with the legions
of slavery in Russia. Our only consolation now
is, that the day of retribution will be the more
terrible and complete when it does come, which
we pray may be quickly.

" There's a divinity doth hedge a king,''
says SUAKSPEARE, and this same divinity
keeps safe and snug within its consecrated pre-
cincts all the immediate or remote connections
of Majesty, shelling a sort of rose-coloured of
fulgence over even their darkest errors. Else
wherefore are the thousand offences against
society, of his late Royal Highness the Duke of
YORK softened off, or allowed only to be seen
through a veil dimly, while his good qualities,
which at best glimmer faintly like a small, solitary
star, are magnified and multiplied into a perfect
constellation ? Why should not the truth be
spoken of a prince as well as of a peasant ?
Why, if the one offended against the decencies
of society, and set common honesty at defiance,
should he not be denounced as sternly and as
forcibly as the other? It is an absurd, a dangerous
law, offensive to every principle of good sense
and justice, that shields the errors of the Prince,
only to fall with heavier hand on those of the
plebeian. Yet it was under the sanction of this
law that the Duke of YORK was enabled to
laugh to scorn all those ties of ordinary pro-
priety which bind, or should bind, man and man
together. He did not make it himself, he took
it only as he found it, and beneath its shelter
played the profligate with impunity. But one
portion of society at least—that we mean
which comes under the melancholy denomina-
tion of "Creditors of his Royal Highness"—
are now beginning to perceive the full ab-
surdity of the law which they assisted to
mature ; they are now fast awakening to the
truth, that a man may be of Royal extraction
without possessing one spark of the mezzs di-
vinior ; and that they have been guilty of a
species of treachery to the general interests of
the community, in having so long encouraged,
or made light of, those princely peccadilloes
which it was their bounden duty to denounce.
Had the creditors of his Royal Highness
judged that illustrious individual by the same
standard by which they judge the rest of their
fellow-citizens, they would not have been in
their present deplorable predicament. But be-
cause he was a Prince, they thought he must be
a paragon ; because he gave his word, they
thought it must be binding as an oath ; because
• he was a creditor, they thought he must be an
honest one. It was a sad blunder, but they will
never make it again, we suspect—at least not
where Royalty is concerned.

Yet with the sole exception—a pretty large
one, by the bye—of those who are personal suf-
ferers by him, the character of the Duke of
YORK stands as high as ever with society. The
mean, crouching, undiscriminating idolatry which,
because he was a Prince, permitted him when
alive to be vicious with impunity, still softens
off his errors and hallows his name now that the
grave has closed over him, and he has paid the
only debt (of nature) which, we believe, he ever
paid. Think of a grand public statue being at
this very moment in the course of erection to
his memory, as though he had been one of the
greatest benefactors of his country ! And this
even while his oldest, most extensive, and mu-
nificent creditors remain unpaid ! What a
mockery of justice is here ! What a flagrant
affront to every principle of common sense and
common honesty ! Be just before you are
generous, says reason. Be generous before you
are just, says society in this individual instance.
If ,the subscribers to the statue of the Duke
of YORK really desire to do credit to his me-
mory, let them first pay their patron's debts. It
will then he time enough to think of his pillar.
Possibly this absurdity may be projected in corn-

'j3

metnoration of his military achievements. Alas
who does not remember his campaigns in Hol-
land, where the very genius of blunder seemed to
inspire his every movement ? Possibly, it May
be projected in, honour of the unsullied purity
of his domestic life. Alas ! who forgets Mrs.
CLARKE, and the damning charges then
publicly sworn to, and proved in evidence ?
View it in whatever light we may, still we can-
not but think the erection of a statue to his
Royal Highness the most absurd, offensive pro-
position we ever heard. It is unjust to his cre-
ditors—an affront to society—a satire upon all
the statuary honours that have ever been heaped
upon true nobility and greatness. Shall the man
who in history will figure as a pigmy, beside a
CANNING or a GREY, o'ertop them in sculp-
tured grandeur in our public streets ? If so,
what truly great man is there who will not feel
himself degraded by the erection of such a
doubtful honour to his memory ? But if, not-
withstanding, this fat, easy Duke must still have
a statue, at least let the words of truth be in-
scribed on the pedestal. Let not the present
and the future be insulted by the unblushing
promulgation of a lie. Let it be recorded on
the statue, that it presents the effigy of one who
as a Prince was a bigot—as a warrior, a hum-
bug and a laughing-stock—as a man, an epitome
of weakness and prodigality.

An error appears to have crept into the re-
port of the speech of Mr. WAKEFIELD, at the
National Political Union a few days since,
where that gentleman is made to state that in
the speech delivered by Mr. SPALDING, at
Hertford, for the representation of which bo-
rough he is a candidate, " Mr. SPALDING stated
that he knew the sentiments of the LORD
CHANCELLOR had changed in reference to the
Ballot, and that the change had been produced
in consequence of conversations with Mr. JE-
REMY BENTHAM." The fact, we understand,
to be, that Mr. SPALDING, in his address at
Hertford, never alluded to the name of the LORD
CHANCELLOR in connection with the Ballot in
any way; and, indeed, that gentleman is altogether
ignorant of the CHANCELLOR'S opinions on
that question.
We have reason to believe that the Reporter
was led into the error by the circumstance of
MT. WAKEFIELD having stated that he, Mr.
WAKEFIELD, thought the CHANCELLOR'S
opinions had changed with reference to the

FASHIONABLE INTELLIGENCE.
