7146 CONSPIRACIES.

MAPstamellouig:,--Iresterduy, after .tbe;usual
routine of business had scen:concluded, the Lotto
MAvoR again resumed the investigation of :the
conspiracy between Brock, Pelham, Daniel Barry,
se'n. and Barry,. inn. who were asso'clated for the
purpose of procuring innocent and ungarded
!Waal* (particularly Irishmen) who Might become
objects of prosecution.s

The examination on the present occasion *HS
chiefly confined to the ease of Brock and the elder
Barry, the principal actors in the scheme fortre-
panning the unfortunate Trishitien eDovicied on
Saturday last. The plan, it appears, was first
laid at the French Horn public-itonsa,; near
hiesn. . Barry, sen. his son, and Pelham proeured
the victims, and the former also furnished Reor•
dan, Quinn„ anti Connell with the composition
which whitened.the shilling anti in which pro:-
ecss they were .engaged when apprOhended by
Brock, Pelham, and Taylor (t he Officer), whose
assistance they obtained. in order to, give a.colour
to their proceedings.
Several publicans in the neighbourhood 'of Bar-
hican were examined a_ to. tire prisonera freipent-
iug.their houses, when frock and Barry. in were identified as viitors :and • accptaitit*
tutees, Evidence has also been: obtained of the
same parties, havl hefore 01/Mitred". cases of
coining; and one in particular (we believe in
Grub-street), ‘Vlrere a distressed MN' OW fur-
nished with bad money by Barry and otherB)' who
retired into a 1)0.611c-house, while they sent bhp
to 441)0 it, in the purchase of bread and cheese.
The poor unto was instantly detected, and Brock,
who Was in waiting outside, seized him', brought
him before the Msgiitt ate at Guildhall, from
whence he was committed, and afterwards con.

It is a curious circumstance, that on Saturday
morning last White, the Officer, observed all the
patties its confederation togethes, in anti ,about
the Oh Bailey, previously to the trial of the Irish-
men. One of them applied to him to borrow six-
pence ; and as a proof that these wretches were
desiitute, and calculating solely upon the con,.
tiction money of their miserable victims, Pelham,
when stunt afterwards secured, was not found la
be worth even so much.
Mach praise is due to the activity of White,
who, having received certain information of the
eionhexion. attended at the Old liailry rm Saitom
day, and by his observations and diligence hap-
,
pily SUCCeded. aided by the indefatigable env-

Pre% iously tit the ineestieitsioe'tvhich took place
sr f otfice yesteroay, the Loth liavort visited
Neweate; and Then
:befit exiiritio,, intt. oi pre-
sence-of. the 'three convi.'ted owe, inufßarry, the
prisoher. The latter was roily recognized by'
the Mittnautiate meit.
-kt hole cif this diabolical cast, and the ge-
nerd Plitts4 of the eonspiratori, upon many of
which v.'e regret to state th.l ItAve he bet i,e-o
successt,il, wid bC airily before'the p, !die in a eor
days. lie investigatiOa Wes again p, stp•inetf.
•Bow-STrterr.—Yesterday oil-. IN AB as and fir.
ihesita t ere'oceopied the whole of the day in in-
vistioting the nefarious eenspirlieby to encourage
men to commit offences. Thteo. Itiat were under
investigation 'yes erday were William Drake trod
George Browne. Drape confessed that he had seen
Misekity, Iletijamin,Johnsou, the prise). er George
Briiterie; arid George Hol.hird. in company gibs
several of the pat role. Thry were all in possession.
of a great niaoy eimsnei ten -Beni! of. Nuglanit
toktlts, wuich tinderstetid_les wetiatetlyesit ra.
,slaty) they hail purchased of some irishmeo of ihe
names ol Ityan, Sloe, and Others. They paid for
the porchase of the 3s: counterfeit tokens et Use
rate of Is. 3d. each ; those of a biller sort they
paid at the rate or Is. 6(1. each. Geo. Iltibbeld's
practice was to pick up persons whom he mc't io
she streets, engage them to carry stria!! pnreels
which were made up for the partieular purpose,
nod whose coments were sceicely.pf, tier
When the persons had carried the panel the
distance so as to answer his purpose, he would,
'then give them a counterfeit 3s. token, desiring
them to go to is public-house to get themselves
something,to eat and drink with it, tit's(' at the
Same time contriving to drstp other counterfeit
tokens into their pockets. This circtmistance of
'toying other counterfeit tokens, foetid tipon !heat
makes the offence doubly heinous to that 0, in-
tering* Hubbard wits purseing these
wicked prectieet by set,' c ng (Innocent persons
who were,willittg to earn a shilling by carrying
flit parcels, Johnson, Makay, and Browne were
following them its league with Hubbard ; and
when the poor fellows tendered ' the counterfeit
tokens, they then eppeared, and pretended to d s.
cover that the toketicso paid were coentedeits,
and that they uttered
_them knowing them to be
Skis. They then searched them, end finiliole
'others upon. then! of a !similar mantifectere',
enact! "Item, mid made.* eommunicatt,ln to the
agents of the hank. of the dituoycrics they
had matte; and die conCiusion o;a's, that they
were connected' with Ceint.es, They had some-
times put as -.minty., as r.ix comgeukit
tokens into the innocent peop:e's poi kits.--
. Drake stated, that he frequently 'heard them re-
ovet,their dirthOlical adventures: Their ge-
neral place of rendezvous :.was at a pllbrie+llollSe
kept ity.Nlr. Calloww, yelled the White Nail, the
coulee of thil-street and Bunhill-row. Hubbard
used to he 'extremely merry in relating his atm-
dolls ptirsnits. Although they pursued the its
fittuous practices of, proserotingiunocent persons
for tittering counterfeit Bank. tokens, they irises
pursued, detected, a sot I.)roseetneil guilty titterers.
Some of 'Hubbard's companions in these .tratnae-
dons, when they could noktneet with any perhous
of this description to accomplish their purpose,
used to go out thieving with Hubbard.- Atter
.the had convicted 'people, and-had receives! their
rewards frotu,the..agents a the Rank, they 110(1
to meet at a pubilc-honse in.colem,to-street, to
divide it between Johnson, Mackay, 13i otene, and
Hubbard, these men being generally engager! to.
Nether. Drake stated himself to have+ been present
when, these traesections ...were- going on in the
peblie.honses. Hubbard in general had a larger
preportion'far his share for his ingenuity hi pro.
Curing the people to chmtnit the offence of nail..
ittg. The, Irishmen of whom they bought the
counterfeit Bank tokens were admitted to share
with them what they got from the Bank.
Thicritninationand recrimination of these in^
famous cheracteas• is such Abet: they, cannot !ie
believed, except corroborated by circutustenees
"'titre! witnesses. The Atigistrates, aria tcfose, have
procured respectable witnesses iii tonfirtuation'of
their narratives.
Darinart„ of the Amiga.! and Crown
public.bouse, in Oldoureet, said he knew -Mrs.
iti.Donahl, whose house was broke open, tilirt the
examination of the parties .-ulipechended-tor it led.
to Abe 'discovery of the, intamoes gang. She
had been _several times et his house in cont-
petty with a wooden-legged mart, who, else
said, was her husband : she. had also been these
with, other. men. Site was at his house on the
night of Tuesday fortnight (the night her house
was broken open) wish a man whom he believed
-to be' the .prisoner Browne, anti a little girl was
with them ; they renntinel its his house. till past
one o'clock, and fell asleep. Make, the wooden-
legged man, came to thetn at that time, and they
'remained till near two o'clock before they went
,M‘Donald argreed to she statement
as to her being with Browne and Drake,.
Airs Frederick Stoek, of the Crooked Billet
pobliz-house, in the Kingsland-road,.:proved that
on Tuesday night, when Mrs. A.l'l)finahrs house
rwas broken opal,; a, woman, in etnripany with' a
man with a Wooden leg, came together to his
house a-hoist seven o'clock; they drank' together,
ansi staid -till past ten o'clock. They were joined
by another mats who ware sail,,t's ittcket,.alleY
went in and out
.of the house several times.
The Mt° paid cans' evidence confirmed low
of Dralce and Mackey's statements.' Praka had
Jiitherso bean in enyody on a charge of .broittiri!ye
Yesterday the Niaglstrateti shotiOtt is)
Cattlitrit 111th on sowit,i,'"i'n (41. ofences.---
iirOtvits, was also committed alga o.

.I.7RECIT PAPERS,

ERLCEIVED THIS NIORNIN'74.I

11-
• MOS, JULY U.—An Orrlonnance of the, King
'contains the following:—
, " Willing to give the Princes of our Family,
lib(' the Princes of our Blworl, a new mark of
our affection, and which .may be at the 6attie
time a just recompense for their (Nvotcelness to
your Pelson and State, we have ordained, vont do

'ordain. as follows :
Our svell.beloved brother Monsienr, our
NepheWs the Duhei Angtodeme
lend Berri, our Cousins the Duke of brICAIII, the,
Prince of Cond', and the Duke of Bourbon, arj
named Grand Crosses of the Royal and i‘tlilitury
'Ohler of Saint Louis."
Yesterday, before Mass, the Icing received in
114 Grand Cabinet, in public audience, M. Gallo-
tin, • Envoy Extraordinary anti Plenipotentiary
Gallo-
‘ tin,
the United States of America, who preienued
'to his Majesty his credentials. It is :said that the
son 'of liegnault de St. Jean d'Atigely bits just
disernbarketl at Havre. . •
The uncler.Prefect of Vigan has sent tt detaeli
rnent of troops of the line and geridartnerie
search the rocks in the environs of the Commune
.of Salle, ‘vbere it is•believed the malefactors con.
detnned for contsu hove fled.—The Duchess
of f tiouli, widow of General Donn, passed
-through Stuttgatd on the. 7th, oil her wny to
Vienna.

The ship which sailed on the
.26th of March lost' front the Port Of I(ochetle,
or the Cod Fishery; on the Great Bank of Idol,-
foundland, arrived Ott the 'Bth of Jul.:, with
)00,000 .1 Rilogramines or; Cod Fish, whichr linty
• be called fresh s for, ott the 2lit of,J tie last; 'a
toe
seas, of ithis precious cargo was Yet a..Ve 'ls' toe
,Aus, off Clansda,, at ttdistance of !not e,thait 00'9
'leagues ficstu the capital. One 'may jiulge by
this the profit that the Freoch emit:era-
v(l &i.t.; Otis speculativh sill io,tke this
The Laborieux' is the 'first ship. arrived'at
cheille, the second that'has fourtted to France
this,,yor. if,lieCaptain sets sail again in .five dap;
on a second " voyage, whichite.expects to ternti-
: nate at the beginning_of October next.
•
VIENNA, iltny 6.--Prinee UoPot.i) Of the Two
Sicilies arrived yesterday at the Chateaus of Schoen-
brunt): - lie was recessed there by his flightless,
' the Arehdakeltaynier. The two Princes passed
several hours topt.tlier s after thigh their High-
' uess'es set off to Baden.--,-The day of tuarridge is
not yet known, titles riot seein to be fixed but
every thing causes us to think L,,.it the nutrviaAe
will take place before the end of this.nionth.
The dress of the young Arcb-Dtchess will be
of the greatest elegintee the fisestmanufactures
of Holland are every Ivhere sought, as well as the
most delicate Indian mustias, 'and most rnagnifi,

CVBI Nees, ke. jer. eller of the Court is occu.

pied in mounting i* collar of amethysts enriched
with dititudndsawhote value i% a:Olmsted it 49,000

florins.

We are infarneti from ketershargh that the
Emperor Alexander has named Prince Lapnchtri

AUCCeSSOr so the Intl: Wince Soitykow. itt the
place of Presitiklit of the council of the Empire,
&rill Ott Absekee of his Itifkitesty.
STtirroAita, 3ULY is that the
reigrillig Prince or tio,xe coburg it; about to vibit
Etlghttd.

We al'e 'kssufed that 'mit Diet itit stopped a
anew address to the Xing.'
2.,;...-79Orne pirates have had the
ttudaeity to approach our toasts and disembark,
to the 'number of 57 then, abd mivan6e into:the
interior, for the, purpose of waking ,prisdpers.
This time the remembrance of past misfortunes
had inspired the inhabitants with the spirit 01 re.
tistance. They rallied in a small wood thrtmigh
Nvhich the pirates would pass.
On sounding • the tocsin, the Civil Ward Nil-
lected front all sides, on the beach, end 'affixed.
the utlips of the barbarians, who had not time to
Avelg,ll anchor,. and were deceived; The men who
rciiiiiineti to guard or ships,' scelut iheir;com-
potions come back, thought that they brought
prisoners with them, and therefore retiniitied
They were attacked with impetuuSity, and
17 ships were taken.
The Stritinion troop which 'was collected. upbn
this occasion was computed of 300 0r,400 peas-
ants armed in oil ways. Government has shut up
the prisoners, who will b sent tb.Cagilan. as
soon as an escort Of the line'arrilreS. This suc-
cess haS considerably encouraged our inhabitants,
and these partial• combats may•have happy re-
kilts ; but More sore means thust he hod recourse
to to destroy 'these plrates,wito return', like the
*ayes of the sea.
They celebrated in the -Church of St; Deter
_so
happy au event, loch oToves what courage alone,
directed against these barbarians can to; far

e••64411%.44.41 .....y SY ..•• SO. • eeeeee
tactics.

NarLas, Amy I.—Extract from a private-let:
ter :—" The hatvw affords the most prothising
Tropes throughout the greatest 'part of the..king-
Own ; hot the roads, aid in general the nottunit-
nications, are intercepted by robbers, Who cytn-
mit depredations upon the in habitants, and threaten
to barn the corn. It is hoped that the AnYrian
troops, together with the national' troops, wilt
soon clear us orthitc. Plagne. I twist not forget
to till you K singular thing, viz: the King has
forbidden at •Naples the .loornkths of l'alerMO and
the other cities of Sicily. -You know that the li-
berty of the prey; is "coristitatioaai in

*mitt, JULY G.—Private letters announce
.that the arrival of the: liefetlitary Prince of the
Low Countries is. relAttled on account of the
inegnancy, of the Princess, wl!o' for this reason
can only travel by short stages. •
Nov rot, Jut e B—The negociations relative
to the Duchy of Lattenhourg have linit.bed a 3 to
their principal object, 'lbis country is delird-
tively Crown of:Denmark, al..
though our governtireut tuts made great struggles
to retain, Oossessi;in, c•

F1C1.2.,41.1 FUNDS.
per'l.:ents. i.:Saf. 93c.
fiiilik Actions

GERAIAN PAPERS. .

A u o3Dultift; JUIY t3.--By account's frornßo to
the Eoguish ship.Abmtd.inee has lo.tppily 'arrived
itt Civita Ireceitilit- with the second p'ettr of the
'works of art recovered front and etubgrkeci
at. Antwerp. The Lnario kumatto embraces. tells
opliortunity to extol the generobity of the
w bids tvill be ever gratel;:ily. remembered ,by
the awl by every Romatt, itt
ebnveying hick 6; their cottony the %yolks of art,
by land anti tvr,ter, free of expellee, •
.I.•'ltAtlsLtrolt•r, 27.•,--.We hear that the con-
filict with' the sid•liftt in the villts4c .or
.:BOekenhitn; aboot, ai league 1;31011k, pface,
,which is-on he.po;ot fif u.xpiring,is.not to be re.
-Ite‘ved ; and the' Glectontil ileb,iito'GoVeratheht
deserves the z,linse prtise.as the Austrian, whiel
lately p,rollibited all.gante4 of 11,izard at Ago,.
.;bacii. For 03 it is, indeed,
,a hygiitive, hot a very
griclzt gaio for tl.re con edition
culable which buch tempting orporn unities caoge
in a cohithercial city, whtic.there, ore Ao many
people who are netesially eittrakted. With the mo-
ney of others,

S'EaM.suNl),, JDNE 151:-:—To.:(14y is the epoch ,of
. a great victory over the Hydra of feudal aristo-
cracy' in Otir n& It is Well-known
that the King
,of !ifvetleil,.Gustkivus Adolphus the
I Vtli, had aholistird the visssalage of the peasants,
and effaced mverytyare of it. After the dissoln-
Hon of the 6erman Empire, sod the creation end
extension of the Ithenisis Confederation, the.
I.4li.ling of Sweden .introduced the Swedish COI).
r' stitotion into Potne'raniu send iingett, -'Thus the
1- peasant, released front an unjust slavery, became
a tiee tsweile, and a compitient part of, the: state
of 'the kingdom,' This constittition soots had it
benclicial inlinence. The hateful patrimonial ju-
'risdiction vanished, and no vassal languished in the,
dungeon. eonttiry became prosperous, and
-s,!tuaiiied so even ur.lidst the distresses of war, in:
s4)ite, of-the tinar.leritt,,,, of troops., requisitions, oc-.
eupations, and, contributions. In ;lie Treaty of
Kid, between Denmark and Sweden, the Consti-
tution of Pritnerkmia, similar to that of s.ltreden,
, was Confirmed, and solemnly guirranteed by ling-
land, Russia, Au,trie, anti Prussia, A yeAr, after.
wards, when l'rts,sitt and Detitut:k negociated the,
extbatige of SWedish l*ornerania; the maintenance
oftite4Jonstittitionlvias en essential condition. At
the performance m.t the act of homage .I...lredetick
%%Milani the Just caused this to be solemnly an-
'notinced «VIII by the ?dinkier of State, V. 'tigers.'
kben,. Yet itit aristoeratic union' has arisen, which
makes the'snost extravaigant pretensions, and thlttlts.
•to obtain- byits insolence tincon.,.,,titutinnut
trges, ' Thi4 union of the nobles II
' tiftiong 'other things, to require tile. reintrotinc-.
'don of die vas'sttlage of the peasttnts, Wild of the
'merit:nor-dal jtiristlictions. They hare; lasft;ever,,
been dismissed, 'once for all, with sneli proptntals,
by a royal Cabinet-A' order, teliielt the Chancellor,
Prince Hardenburg, has ttecompattied by tt- severe
reprimand. We are happy in belonging to a state
where' such lifineiple6 tire sanetioned" trout the
throne.

LISLE Ttri.Y 12.13 y virtue of a Iteolutlon of
the Prefect
.a certain number of sOldiets who had
unlimited tiolouglis have been caned ou to serve.
in 'the Legion Of i
the North, winch s orpniilirif
%vitt' act ietty. The Prefebt" has atitlressed tot,
shit Otscasitio a circular ietter to flit: Stilt:Prefects,
iii whiVli 'We olwerve thefollowlng passage
a, Thero -18 now 00 qu'estiott of currying the W4l illtOdiettlit
.eonotri,s, or ...NM ot dteintirtg 0111', territory or chfot.i.ifig
rcboli : the int,g: it y of Frantfe, the duration of peace, the
~t the throne, are I.;totranterd bythe faith of treatit.i,
by the :::serest and the himoor of all' this Sovereigns, By the
want ot repose, the ativatit ages of which the iteoftla,:begiti at
length to feel, by, the without! wish, anti above all, by that
universal veneration inspired by the nitt.t the must
wise of hiogs, thi's prince so touch desired and belortd,Whont
Gotl has ,twspe restored to as, tu,prestare hint to us fur veer.
Howt.ver, Prance is in want of an army, all the corps, of
which to.ty give a constant es: unpin of fidelity and devoted-
itess ; au artily Whiclimay he the shield 44 the miguareb sad
the glory, of the nation. in what other province are the
young Igeli more worthy of stich-tr destination titan the tmtne-
rous children of the North ii The 'king and honour vall them.
• Shaine lies;, disolnalience. ty there a Fremilintan who can.
hesitate In his cloth:L. ?"

On the. 26111 alt. an inquest was taken at Leila -
warding, Herefordshire,- on the body of
wla was .killed by a blow on the neck, given by
W. Archer, :These youpg men, servants in lin.-
bandryi. toet.by appointment to fight sl4ltday,
nod. the, deceased lived hot u short dine alter he
,received kbe blow which CRilSrd
diet Abiniipaglifrr iipitict Archer, WilUAVItt
committed toolol. •

ArtnivEn-1 Fiance, 1 Waterford. DoE--1 Holland, 2 Got-
tenburgh, 1 Haniburah, 1 Dublin.

rit.kt OF ~'L'OC'KS
THIS DAY 'AT IMELVE, o'ci,ocF.
Bat* 5t0ck,.....,... 2201 221 I it;nik L. Arm. . ~.
3.per Cent. Kett.. ~. ;...1744 I India fonds, .. , ... 55. 3s. pr.
3 !it r tent. Cons. ' Alf, t 4 15sell. hills, 3s. Gs. pr.
4 per Coifs. 794, so Cunt.. fur Augu.t........ &Si
5 per Cost. N. Anii...94 5i 95 - .

COURSE OF Ii;XCHAN‘,E, Flu omr, .tuts IL
A m4tertimu
I)itta, at. Sight 4O 0
Amsterdam .
1)41(), at Night
Rolle ctim.o . I, a 2 17s.
Alihy,rp '
, Iloialnogli
Alioilit .., ' ' ;;6' 11 21 Us.
Nrisrl. Day's sight.
Ulf fp, t..
11001,1e:mx, &flu '.
• '26 Li.
1-.1 .i.ii, tilt on the Main - ... 15a Ex. Money
1t,M,,k1 3.1 EffeCtive
C.eli. .. • ,ili ' , Effective
.?....visi,
Hilliint
(iibrallfte . 31 . • •
Leghorn
Genwo .. ,
•111;t1t;t
1'..1e1.0.0
1.6600...... dr&i 4
Oporto
Rio .I;tikeivo • lio
. .
1),),,i,,
...... 14 ....__C;,rk, ..„ I,li ree.c.,cat. i
:1100 01 tile Ilailli'oti iti11ii041......2 '
I'm Legal Ciolil, ii) Coin • • ' -•• ./..3 'l9 0 pets Os.
.I.'ut.eito, (ipld,ift thirs • • ' , • • • 3 Ifr,o .
New I)milyromis " • '. • '' '. ,; .., .1'"14 6 . '
'New 13.illiiri ' ' ' ' 11 ' 4 101
illimr, in Bari, St:nut:til •

HIGII.WATY,II, AT LONDON BRIDGF: TO-MORRA W.
'Moruiug, 4t min titps at•tur 10. 8 minutes after l t•.
