O'CONNELL SUBSCRIPTION.

The Earl of Shrewsbury has addressed the following
letter to Mr. Flume, enclosing a subscription of 50/.

" June 25, 1836.

" Sir—lt is with much pleasure that I reply to your cir-
cular of the 22d inst., by forwarding a subscription, very in-
adequate to my wishes, but which I trust will be considered
as a mark of respect and gratitude for the man from whose
extraordinary talents, energies, and perseverence, we have re-
ceived such signal advantages, having been without any doubt
the principal means in the hands of Providence for rescuing
us from the state of social and political degradation to which
we had been so long reduced.—l have the honour to be, Sir,
your most obedient servant.
"SHREWSBURY, WATERFORD and WEXFORD.
" To Joseph Hume, Esq., M. P,"

SOUTH 'WARWICK ELECTION,

SATURDAY, JUNE 25.—The nomination of a candidate
to serve in the room of the late Mr. Sheldon took place
this day at the County-hall. The show of hands was in
favour of Sir Grey Skipwith, whose partisans entertain the
most sanguine hopes of being enabled to procure him a
majority on the poll. A statement was made by the Mayor
of Warwick, Mr. Collins, which has caused much talk here)
and subjected the Tory party, and especially the clergy, to
considerable odium, as it accuses a Itev. Divine of the Esta-
blished Church of basin ordered bludgeons to be made,
and men to be engled ht 7s. 6d. per day to wield them.
They have been seized, and are in the possession of the
Under-Slier;!';'. Mr. Shirley did not attend the nomina-
tion, having lost his mother.
After the usual preliminaries had been gone through,
Mr. BOLTON KING, M.P., presented himself to the
meeting. He stood before them to propose Sir Grey Skip-
with as a fit and proper person to succeed Mr. Sheldon.—
(Cheers.) He was not an untried man in Parliament. In
1831 they had elected him with Sir F, Lawley, and at the
following election they again chose him by a considerable
majority over his present opponent. He had discharged his
duties in Parliament to their satisfaction. He was their
Representative at the time the Reform question was
agitated, and had voted for that measure. During Sir
Grey's Parliamentary career ho hati supported the Admi-
nistration of that day, Having stated what Sir Grey's
conduct had been, he would next speak of what it was
likely to be in the event of his being returned—or rather
Ise would state one point which would enable them to form
an excellent criterion as to the Hon. Baronet's future con-
duct, which was, that if Sir Grey had been in Parliament,
he would have voted with the majority upon that important
measure, the Irish Corporation Bill, and rejected the
amendments of the Lords. He (Mr. Bolton King) had
read Mr. Shirley address, that on their votes depended the
maintenance of the Constitution of King, Lords, and Com-
mons. Sir Grey would maintain the Constitution with as
much ability and firmness as Mr, Shirley. The farmers of
that county never had a better friend than Mr. Sheldon,
and he was
,no Tory. What had the Tories done ? Did
they when in office repeal the malt-tax ?—(No, no.) Sir
Grey had told them he would support the repeal of the
malt-tax ; and having said so, he would do so.—(Cheers.)
Mr. G. R. PHILIPS, • M.P., seconded the nomination.
W. DICKENS, Esq., proposed Mr. Shirley. He was a
Gentleman firmly attached to the Constitution of the coun-
try, and most anxious to promote all its interests, but par-
ticularly the agricultural, which so immediately concerned
that county.—(Cheers.) He was sorry that he had to
apologise for Mr. Shirley's unavoidable absence, who had
been called away to attend the death-bed of a near and dear
relative. Under suclraffiicting circumstances, he was sa-
tisfied theyy, would at once excuse his Hon. Friend's ab-
sence, and not attribute it to any disrespect towards them.
The Hon. Baronet (Sir Grey Skipwith) had professed to
be a friend of Reform. He did not quarrel with him on that
point, for he also was the advocate for any alteration and
amendments that were really requisite ; but he wished to
see them carried on in the spirit of the Constitution. In
conclusion, he begged to propose his Hon. Friend, Evelyn
T. Shirley, of Eatington Park, Esq., as a fit and proper
person to represent them in Parliament.—(Cheers.)
F. S. MILLER, Esq., seconded the nomination.
Sir GREY SKIEWITH then addressed the electors, and
was received with loud cheers by his friends. He said
there was no person present who more sincerely lamented
the domestic calamity that had occasioned the absence of
his Hon. Opponent. He had never withheld his services
from the call of the electors of Warwickshire, when they
were required of him. Early as they had been in the field,
they were too late for their skilful opponents, who had
commenced before them, thus evincing a well organised
union of purpose, which he hoped the Reformers would be
prepared to follow upon future occasions. That was not a
contest merely between his opponent and himself—it was
a contest of principle. The Administration—of which
it had been alleged he was the supporter, had given the
Reformers a second Magna Cearta—the bulwark of Bri-
tish liberty. They had abolished slavery, and relieved this
country from the stain that had disgraced it—they had
opened the trade to the East, and destroyed monopoly—
they had granted Corporate Reform to England, and were
willing to give the same to Ireland.—(Cheers.) Such was
the Administration that the Tories had said wished to over-
turn the Constitution of the country. He knew of no-
thing that they had overturned but slavery. It was true
they had a little damaged Tory power. It had been as-
serted that he was hostile to the interests of the agricul-
turists. The charge of hostility had arisen from a vote he
had given against the repeal of the malt tax. He did so
because he considered it a trick on the part of their oppo-
nents to get the Ministry out of office. He was, then,
prepared to st:y, that if he was returned he would vote for
the repeal of the malt tax, and no " inspiration" should
prevent him from fulfilling that promise. He loved his
country and its institutions. [Some ono in the crowd here
called out, " Are you a Whig, Radical, or Tory ?" to
which Sir Grey replied, "I am a Whig.") He would re-
sist any measure to overthrow the Protestant Church, but
he did not see why ecclesiaAtical property should not be
interfered with as well as civil. If they returned him he
should go to Parliament strongly desirous to give the pre-
sent Government all the support they deserved.
The Hon. B. PERCY next informed the meeting that he
had been deputed by Mr. Shirley to return for him his
thanks for the numerous promises he had received, and for
the personal attentions that had attended him throughout
his canvass. He called upon the electors to vote for Mr.
Shirley, who would support the Protestant Constitution in
Church and State, and uphold those institutions which
would bequeath to their children and their children's
children the invaluable blessings of well-regulated freedom.
The happiness of the people was too dear to be perilled by
dangerous innovations.

Mr. COLLINS, the Mayor of Warwick, had one question
to ask Mr. Percy—would he unite with Sir Grey Skipwith
in stopping all riot and confusion ? He was ready to prove,
by evidence the most satisfactory, upon oath practices the
most horrible. Bludgeons had been ordered to b. 3 made,
and that by a clergyman of the Church of England. He
therefore called upon Mr. Percy, as the representative of
Mr. Shirley, to use his influence with his friends, and with
the Rev. Gentleman in particular who had given orders for
bludgeons to be made, and had hired men at 7s. 6d. per
day.—[A great sensation was produced by the foregoing
announcement.]
Mr. PEROf was aware Mr. Collins would not make such
a statement without he believed it to be true ; but he
thought he had been deceived, and that it would be found
that there was no real foundation for the statement he had
made. He could answer that Mr. Shirley's friends had no
wish to adopt measures which could only bring disgrace
upon themselves.

The Hicit SHERIFF then put the show of hands, which
he declared to be in favour of Sir Grey Skipwith. A poll
was then demanded on behalf of Mr. Shirley, which will
take place on Tuesday (to-morrow) and Wednesday next.
A placard has been issued by Mr. Shirley's committee
denying all knowledge of the circumstance alluded to by
Mr. Collins.

Warwick, Friday evening.
" Dear Sir—Thinking you may like to hear bow the elec-
tion affairs are going on, I seize a few minutes from a mul-
tiplicity of business to inform yon briefly that a diabolical plot
has been discovered at * * * The curate, Mr.
has employed persons to manufacture bludgeons, of a fright.
ful description, "to protect the voters for Mr. Shirley," as it
is pretended, but in reality to intimidate the friends of Sir
Grey. The parish-clerk has confessed the fact; and at this
very hour the Under-Sheriff is gone to *
* * to in-
vestigate the affair, and if possible, to break up the nest of in-
famy. It appears the Tories have. been hiring ruffians to
wield the dangerous weapons prepared by the pious minister
of the Gospel !"
The above extract from a letter details only one of the
acts of intimidation to which the Tories of South War-
wickshire have resorted. The clergy, unfortunately the
willing instruments of tyranny and oppression in every
shape, not content with canvassing, immediately after morn-
ing service on the (lay following Mr. Sheldon's death, have
carried on the political crusade ever since, and, to crown
all, have ordered bludgeons, hired bludgeonmen, and would
resort to acts of violence to gain their party ends. In this
instance, they have been detected—the bludgeons seized,
the curate confronted by the clerk, and the whole matter
exposed. The madness and desperation of the party have
do bounds.

The General Steam Navigation Company's packet,
the, Attwood, from Rotterdam, arrived off the Custom-house
yesterday.

" PRESSURE FROM WITHIN."--When a Member
Who is suspected of having taken too much wine becomes
Pugnacious, the facetious men in the House say, " the Hon.
Gentleman is under the influence of the pressure from within."
One of the leaders of the Times, a Bedford coach,
bolted last week, 'and upset the coach.
