PRICE OF SUGAR.

The average price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, computed
from the Returns made in the week ending March 8, is 245. d.
per cwt., exclusive of the duties of customs paid orpayable thereon
on the importation thereof into Great Britain.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, MARCH ii.

The Royal Assent was given to-day by Commission to
the Pensions Duties Bill, the Exchequer Bills Bill, the
Consolidated Funds Bill, the Appropriation Bill, and
twenty private Bills.
The Commissioners were the Lord Chancellor, the
Marquis of Lansdowne, and Lord Durham.
Lord DACRE presented petitions in favour of Parlia-
mentary Reform from the Ward of Bread-street, in the
city of London, and three places in Hertfordshire.
Petitions were also presented by Lord King, from St.
James's, Clerkenwell, and several other places, in favour
of Reform, and also thirteen petitions, from different parts,
against the duty en sea-borne coals; by Lord Kilburne,
from Dumfries and several other places, in favour of Re-
form, and also from Glasgow, against the post-horse duty ;
by the Duke of Gordon, from Aberdeen, against slavery ;
by Earl Stanhope, from Hull, against the increased duty
on Canada timber, and from Bexley; complaining
of great distress, and praying for relief ; by the
Earl of Rosehery from the Trades of Edinburgh, and from
Linlithgow, in favour of Parliamentary Reform ; by
the Marquis of Bute, from the ship-owners of Greenock,
Port Glasgow, and Cardiff, against the proposed
alteration in the duty on Canada timber ; by the
Duke of Argyll, from Argyllshire, in favour of
Reform ; by Lord Farnham, from Galway, against the
repeal of the Union ; by Lord Glengall, from Cashel
and Clonmell, against the repeal of the Union, and
from Tipperary, in favour of Reform ; and by Earl Spencer,
from Market-Mat-borough, to a similar effect.
Lord WHARNCLIFFE presented a petition from a Mr.
Golfing, a freeholder in Kent, complaining of the hardship
of the Game Laws. In doing so, the Noble Lord expressed
his pleasure that Government had taken this subject under
consideration, and promised them his support when the
Bill to which be referred was brought before the House.
The Marine Mutiny Bill was read a third time and passed.
