ju,t Olt Le Oar ti nen the te,t
of site sea parvd the ropes with whi,h it was bound, en
went to pieees, un4 eas warped on shore piecemeal ; so the
on :c ping out in the mornieg the s hole beach from the poin
to the rocks beyond the Hot and Cold Baths was strewed witl
it. It is believed that not a single piece has been lust. 0
§ tally laet the pulpits, reading-desk. communion talde, ant
Organ of the churches of East and West Teignmuuth, over'
neatly Asoee'red wkl.) mourning, and nearly all the large coup •
gation displayed a proper semblance of general regret for ou-
lamented monarch. In the afternoon was delivered in Eas
Teigrmouth church a very appropriate sermon on the occasioi,
by the Dean of Norwich.
A very dis&r ac!ful occurrence took place at Bewdle)
on Moeday evening. Notice had been given that a temperane,
meeting would be held at the Friends' Meeting-house at eigh,
o'clock. Accordingly a large number of persons congregate(
there, and all went on yell until the first speaker was conclud
lag, when he challenged any person who could refute what le
hail said to come forward and do so. A labouring man,namte
Daher, eccepted this public challenge, and for a considerabb
time addreeeed the audience with decorum. The speakers o;
the abstinence, aide thought proper to interrupt Baker, and or-
dered the constables to put him out. Then commenced a scent
of confusion that is indescribable. However, the business of
the evening proceeded, by other speakers addressing the assem-
bly, amidst
great uproar. Peas and nuts were thrown indis-
criminately at the speakers; the candlesticks were throw;
about the chapel, and great violence was used towards a mem-
ber of the society.
A dreadful accident happened at the Valletort Con-
solS mine, in the parish of Beer Ferris, on Saturday last. As
some men and boys (eleven in number) were lowering about
twenty-four fathoms of seven-inch pipe into the mine, the
weight overcame their resistance, and they were all knocked
down. Two of the men, named Robins and Jose, were Idled
on the spot ; two others were very dangerously hurt, and the
rest met with bruises more or lose severe.—Deeonport 7'ck-
graph.
On Sunday morning week, between one and two
o'clock, the upward and downward mail-coaches hetwet:P
tcrborough and London, came in contact with each other it: al
sudden turn, both were orerturnee, and Crouch, the driver of
the upward mail, was so seriously injured that he expired in a
very short time. There were no passengers on his coach, but
the downward mail was full of passengers, inside and out, in-
cluding the Right Hon. C. T. D'Evneourt, M.P. ; Henry
Broadley, Esq., of this town ; Mr. Bain, a barrister prac-
tising at the East Riding and Hull Sessions, &c.—none of
whom were materially injured. Mr. Bain was thrown into
field, but escaped with a few slight bruises. The coaches,
were both proceeding at their usual speed, but there was a
very dense fog, so that objects could not be distinguished at a
distance of eight or ten yards. Crouch was not the regular
driver, but merely officiating in relief of the usual coachman.
It is stated he has left a widow and eight children.—Hull
Observer.

KILMARNOCK.---Mr. Colquhoun, of Killermont, '
one of the Graham school, formerly a violent Reformer, and
now a High Church Tory, has appeared in the burghs to
oppose Dr. Bowring. His Saintship (for as the Saint, park
excellence, he is generally known as Saint Colquhoun) sud-
denly summoned the electors to meet him on Friday last, when" -,
he accused Dr. Bowring of irreligion and infidelity, and of asts
tendency to Popery ; and indulged in diatribes, worthy of
Exeter Hall, against the Reformers. But when it was moved e
that Mr. Colquhoun should be invited to stand, a counter-re- e
s .lution was carried that the meeting should adjourn, in order
to allow time for due notice to be given to the electors. As'.
public meeting was called, in consequence, on Saturday (the '4.
Provost in the Chair), when resolutions approving of Dr. 4
Bowring's public conduct, and pledging to return him to the s,
next Parliament, were unanimously passed. Mr. Colquhoun
declared himself hostile to the Ballot—hostile to cheap bread
for the peaple; but the vials of his bitterest wrath were poured, e:
upon Maynooth College, and the Papist tendencies of the pre- ..
sent Government. Mr. Colquhoun is not likely tosucceed. „4:
THE GENIUS OF DEATII.—Among the Etrunan ti:
vases you find a striking and frightful statue of the Genius ofelj
Death—so fair, and yet so ghastly pale—so young, and yet so
relentless—winged—resting on his bow in a most graceful:32
attitude, g:ving, as it would seem, mortality a holiday : yet';,f
h:s countenance, though beautifully regular, expresses a chil-e,SII
ling severity; mingling in its impression a paradox of senti-A
meat in representing what the power of the understanding
cannot define, or the most sunny imagination scarcely trace p.i.,
111
shadow of Death alive I Death, too, in boyhood, ere he has 4
yet unsheathed his bones, and assumed his occupation of as-
sassin-general
of the human race.— Weatherhead's Pedestrian.; ,
Tour. A
STEAMER ON THE RHINE.—AII nations:,'
and languages meet on its deck. Here are a group of Dutch, ,I
there a party of English—further on Germans, French,
people of every country mixed up together, and borne along'
on the little floating world. Various are the tongues that S
meet your ear, and the specimens of French and English
(especially the former, which every one tries to speak) are
such as often sorely puzzle the natives of the countries to ti'
which the poor maltreated languages belong. Here a young
man is bending towards a lady, addressing her with the most
eager gesticulation, anxiety depicted in every feature of his'
intelligent face, his eyes sparkling with the vehemence with;.
which he seems pressing his subject upon her. Her attention
is rivetted, and she is looking into the said eyes with such ear-
nestness as though her fate depended upon her catching every..
syllable that passes his lips. What can be be saying? Is he ' •
explaining a mathematical problem, or asking her to take hlm
for better or worse ? Not at all ; the young man is a Ger-
man and she is an English girl, neither understanding the lan-
guage of the other, and the former is straining every nerve toil
mako her aware, in broken French, that she has just seated'
herself upon his pipe.—A Summer in Germany.
From about this time until the end of the month, ~,
when the Bank of Bngland are generally paying their divi-1
dends, a description of well-dressed thieves and swindlers,
called " dividend hunters," infest the neighbourhood of the'"
Bank, some pursuing their avocations in the usual mode of
picking pockets, by secretly abstracting the money from theot
depositories of the different individuals who have unfortunately
come in their way ; others with greater cunning and less risk ~.
of detection, may be met at coffee-houses, billiard-rooms, ta- '
verns, public-houses, and auction-rooms, each in their pro-I'
fea&on seek-ng the same end to defraud the unwary. Bet-
ting, dicing, and all the trickeries of London are exhibited in
the immediate vicinity of the Bank of England, and those per- it:
sons who have dividends to receive ought to be extremely on
their guard who they get into conversation with.
There were forty bills, public and private, that re-
ceived her Majesty's Royal assent, by commission, on Friday ;
it was the first batch to which her Majesty had to give her con-'4!
sent. This ceremonial also led to some trifling mistakes iosi,
consequence of official parties having been so long accustomed
to say "his Majesty," and "Le Roi le vent." The yeoman,'
)11
usher, on summoning the Commons, said it was for the pur-'5
p )se of hearing " his" Majesty's commission read ; and the ill,c
clerk in the Lords, who has to repeat the " badges of Normancj,>,
slavery," once said "Le Roi." but immediately corrected him-?.
self and proclaimed "La Reine le vent."—Morning Paper. n.l
HIRING a Doolt.—" But pray, Johnny, interupl
tcd his mother " where do these people think you live ?" " Atl
a groat house in Grosvenor-street," said Jack, " next door to
What dy'e-call-em's hotel; my name is on the door, and my:l
address on my card ? ' " But you don't live there ?" said
Mrs. Brag. " Not I," replied the son, " I only rent
the door." "How do you mean ?" said his mother.
" Why, I went to the man," says Brag, " who keeps they';
the house. ' Now Sir, said I, . I want to rent four squarel
inches of your panels.' He was puzzled for the moment, but
I was down upon him in no time, and no mistake. Out I
pulls from my pocket a brass plate of those precise dimen- •
sisns, whereon is eneraven 'Mr. Brag.' What will you take per'
annum,' said I • to letb this be screwed on your door, and let ..sf
your servant take in my cards and letters ?' Startled him a lii
little at first ; in however he entered himself for the plate, ac-1
ceded to the proposition, and so, for the trifling consideration
of four guineas per annum, and a tip to the slavey, I get the '
credit of fle windows in front, three stories high, in one of the.
Lest streets in London.—Theodore "look's Jack Brag.
On Friday an inquest was held in Liverpool, touch-1.
isg the death of Robert Mather, a tailor. It appeared that -ill
on Monday last in Earnshaw's public-house, Williamson-
street, same words arose between deceased and another tail.ore•
named Farrell, which first led to a jocular trial of pugilistic f
skill, and afterwards to a challenge, given by the deceased, 1,
to fight his competitor " for a bellyfull." The parties ad-
jfcoqui rgnhetd
eleven
vae
n fieldbehindro.ds,b
o ttilim 0
eZoologicalcanall y Gbaerindgensd,o rrwhnerdeutrhinegy
4,1
the struggle. At last the deceased was unable to continued
the fight ; he sat upon the ground in a state of helpless-`..
ncFs, his head and body supported by some of the bystanders ;
and, as one of the witnesses declared, his eyes seemed turned 'II
in his head. He was conveyed home in a car, and died.,
about half-past seven on Wednesday evening. Mr. Beek,rl
surgeon, deposed that when he was called in to attend thcol
deceased he found him labouring under symptoms of apo-1
),,,e_ey, and quite insensible. He was of opinion that the blow
or wound under the car was the cause of death ; but there.;.
e of apoplexy, and he had seen :? v ere strong predispesieg ;i"
the brain present similar appearances in cases of apoplexy, ',Se
i„empany with hss)111
where there had been no external violence. Verdict—" Man- ''-
is
slaughter." Farren has been committed.
Appcarattc3s,
Gene-
ral Election
very busy on Tuesday ptoniatic of an approaching
the electors. We hata.°ul
Election, tire displaying
dbker_ebnteli.ecmo
would-be-colleague,
us
ei,n Bury.
mr.
aEI
tahrol
rdpecr,micyans, 1,4.
Wednesdaytol
d that last,Nir. ine apaying p
ev,
an-
swer to an application made to him, has refused both thiesiinstasnte°
tion of his naste and the use of his purse, to provide the Con-
sorvatives with drink, by Is eeping, open-houses at some of the
Tory pc t-houses—a refusal which does him honour. Some of
the Tories, we hear, are quite incensed at this proceeding, and"
have pretty loudly intimated, that if there be no drink there.'"
shall be no vote 1 Lord C. Fitzroy Leiug detained by his offi i• 1
vial du,ies at Windsor Castle, is prevented paying his personal
respects to his friends in the borough at the same time with his •
antagonists. His absence at the moment is, however, of no
importance. His triumphant return is certain, and Mr. Bun- : •
bury's scarcely less certain. Colonel Rushbrooke has put t,l
forth his address to the electors of the Western Division of the • ,
county, intimating his intention of again offering himself to
their notice, and 'Hart Logan, Esq., intends to offer himself for,
a share in the same representation. Mr. Wilson, on the samefi
side of the county, has not yet, as far as we have beard, cern-l.
his canvas. An invitation has beets sent to Sir H. I.
Bunbury to offer himself.
MADAME DE MAINTENON.—Her general conver-
sation wits gay, polite, and dignified, and by it every other
pleasure was absorbed. Even deficiencies ceased to be re .'
membered when she amused the auditory. " Madame," said
one of her servants in a whisper one day, " another story to
those violet-nen, for we have no roast to-day ."—James's Ce- a
blrcted Women.
