MATCHES.

Mr. Harker's Osian' agst Mr. Hoskins's Heroine—No

course • • • •
Mr. Rust's Bobbinet agst Mr, Kelly's Quadrille—No course
Lord Stradbroke's Melton agst Mr. Redhead's Lancer—Off
Mr. Buckworth's Kiss beat Mr. Stonehewer's Intrigue
Mr. Towers's Jeopardy agst Mr. Rust's Boreas—No course
Mr. Edwards's Zombar peat Mr. Gent's Sandy
Mr. Proctor's Wrangler agst Mr. Hoskins's Hamlet—No
course. •

NEWMARKET SWEEPSTAKES FOR AGED DOGS.
Mr. Kelly's Quorum beat Mr. Rust's Bustle
Mr. Hoskins's Hippolitus beat Mr. De Burgh's Nimrod

SECOND CLASS MATCHES.

The following Matches were off:—Mr. Dennis's Duke
agat Mr. Wilkinson's Canova ; Lord Stradbroke's Mouse
agst Mr. Buckworth's Kitty ; Lord Stradbroke's Mam.
moth agst Mr. Stonehewer's Illusion ; and Mr. Edwards's
Zone agat Mr. De Burgh's Nestor.
A chace of a novel description took place here on Sa-
turday : a.hare having been put up in a close belonging
to the Hon. C. Wyndham, where several jockey boys were
kicking up their heels, the pack of pedestrians gave poor
puss a severe run; and it was not till after several whiffles
that she contrived to escape from them into the premises
of Mr. Edwards, the trainer, where she jumped down a
six-foot well, upon the head of a man who was at work
there. Although considerably alarmed at first, the man
secured his assailant alive.
WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON, TIMM O'CLOCK.

The weather to-day is beautiful, and the attendance of
fashionahles and spurting men very numerous. The Gold
Cup courses have just terminated as under :-
Ist Course—Mr. 'Wilkinson's Czarina
Mr. Towers's Juniper 2
2d Course—Mr. Throp's Navarino
Mr. Redhead's Lynx •
3d Course-11r. Edwards's Zitella 1
Mr. De Burgh's Novice
4th Course—Mr. Rushworth's Kite 1
Mr. Stonehewer's Ink 2

FIGHT BETWEEN PHIL. SAMPSON AND PAUL
•• SPENCER, FOR FIFTY POUNDS A-SIDE.
This fight, which has eicited a good deal of interest
among the Fancy .of Birmingham and Liverpool, took
place ou Tuesday—commencing on the race-course, near
Newcastle-under-Line,'in Staffordshire, and terminating by
moonlight, in a field behind the Horse and Jockey, at Wore,
in Shropshire, close to the borders of Cheshire. Samp-
son is well known in the London Ring as a scientific,
slashing fighter—having fought Josh Hudson twice, Jem
Burn, Jena Ward, and Ned O'Neal ; by all of whom, with
Ale exception of Jem Burn, he was beaten. He beat Bir-
mingham Hall and Others ; and, in fact; stood high in. the
Fistic. School. Spencer is a Hibernian, known by the cog-
nomen'of the "'Mud Island Devil." He is a novice in
the Ring, having only beaten Manning, of Manchester;
but was considered a game and powerful opponent to any
' mart of his weight and inches. His weight is about 13 st.
1 lb. ; and in that respect, as well as in length, he had the
advantage of Sampson. The article:s. stipulated that the
men should fight half-way between Birmingham and Li-
verpool ; and Newcastle-under-Line was fixed as the place
.Of rendezvous. Thither both proceeded on Sunday, ac-
companied by their'friends. -All looked well for business,
and on Tuesday morning an excellent ring was formed on
the race-course, about twh miles from the-town, by Tom
Oliver, Ned T -.-kman, and other ingenious caterers for the
milling profes -. •
By twelve -Inck an immense crowd had assembled—
the Potteries, ' course,• furnishing their, quota, and at one,
the men enten-d the ring ; Sampson attended by Tom
Oliver and Young Gas ; and Spencer, by Donovan and
Avery. Hostilities soon commenced, Sampson, in the
first round, taking the lead in hitting; but Spencer finish-
ing by giving bins a severe cross-buttock. Three more
rounds were fought rather to the advantage of Sampson,
who showed decided scientific superiority, both as to hit-
ting and generalship, when a " Beak" entered the arena,
and put his " veto" upon further proceedings. He was
‘alvaircigknioieewille(algpep(llietdbeto"hPy°a-
ICtiliee'anrtgeesyds;:avonifilihoilfsna'N.ielceee'sPvictiar's:-;;:lpe;e,cbtih; tea nii
was forced, " reluctantly,"
'he said,-to perform his duty. A " move" then took place
back to Newcastle ; front whence, as the articles specified
that the battle was to he fought ant on the day, it was
agreed that the belligerents should proceed to the adjoining
county of Salop, and thither, at three o'clock, the cavalcade
set out, consisting of carriages, postchaises, and horse-
men, in very many instances two and three mounting one
horse.

It was half-past four, and quite dusk, when the men en-
tered the ring Sampson all confidence, and Spencer bear-
ing prominent Marks of the punishment he had already re-
ceived. The moon gave her aid in the absence of. better
light, and the sport again commenced in right earnest.—
Both men sheaved determined courage; but Sampson dis-
played' most judgment and 'temper. He met the wild
rushes of 'Spencer With' caolness and preciSion, and as he
came in, hit him desperately on the nob, right and left;
and, after' fighting thirteen rounds, by arepetition of that
,ort of discipline, brought him to astand still. He was,
in fact,. " deaf to time';" and in this second edition of the
mill, Sampson was declared the winner in fifteen minutes,
his receipts being comparatively light when compared with
those of Spencer, whose head gave evidence of the tre-
mendous force of his opponent's ambidexter powers. First
..nd last—the fight lasted twenty-three minutes. The met,
returned to Newcastle the same night—SampSon enjoying
the society of his' friends, while poor Spencer retired to
bed, and had ample occupation in endeavouring to reduce
his contusions. -
Saropson can now be backed against Big Brown, o
Bridgenortk, fin• two hundred, and seems fully to have re-
*tined confidence of his Birmimrbarn friends. Tie ha,
also declared himself a willing vistonier for Wbiteheadec
Bob.

The weather, upon
_the whole, although cold, was fa-,
'
vourable ; but the catalogue of vich.situdes among tht
"long.trotters7 was numerous,
of the Pottery trampers were " thrown ont" by the move'
into Shropshire. . 'The news of the result of the contest
porting- houses wee, crowls,l by
lid not reach the London' Fancy .
anxious speculators on
wt.lillilleasttinwigghlt.e, aattl'aajilrtilt:e
the event.

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

The opinions of men are, by this time, pretty
generally settled, as
.to the -serious nature of the
blow which has. been struck at the Ministry of

Charles X., by the remarkable, and we may fairlyadd, the unexpected issue..of the recent eleetions.
It would.at the aawg time be absurd to say, that
the public cAtriosity, or rather anxiety, has not
been carried to the most painful pitch, by tha
uncertainty in which the whole world is plunged,
with regard to the policy to be adopted by the
French Ministers,—Whether they are to resign' ,
and tranquillize the national spirit, or face the
storm, and become partakers in a rum of which
no living creature can foretell what may be tilt,
consequences, or who the, victims. One senti-
ment, however, may and ought to be indulged,
without waiting for any needless counsel from
futurity—namely, the most sincere admiration
for that noble body -of Frenchmen by whom a
prospect so full of hope for the friends of good
and upright government in all countries of the
earth has been created. When we consider the
various means of the French Ministers, whether

of direct force, intimidation; or corruption, by
which they. were enabled to act, and have,- in
truth, most diligently and daringly operated, upon
those of their countrymen whom, frinn the po's-
session of any rights or privileges under the con-
stitution, they have thought it worth their while
to influence, and when we also recollect the
rapid and apparently successful series of encroach-
ments by which the existing Government has
from year to year, nay, with far shorter and more
frequent intervalS, beta heaping up still further
accumulations of power, either elementary or
complete and convertible, in its own hands, turn-
ing every thing to the immediate and marketable
service of the Crown and priesthood,—we are

astonished at the moral resources of that nation

which has been able, under such trying circum-
stances, and at a notice even fraudulent, for its

alternatevrsp insults
op indecorous
riroatriec a and
brevity,idrtturieisi triumphant
pi
in
toan
at getp.
resistance
en opp l the materials
oal
.:uoadtr
ie
Iroioarifl
ss t rooef%uiasl
and terrible
tepieeso
produced
herself.
rcrsdeedialy:fliole
.ees
Ns. e
ffroate:hee-::cnigw
h thingaibeiG:
itbouhvatea coincidence Government,
odious,
abruptlyl
half contemptible,
the eye eyes
system,
1 violence,
I,iri cedool
half
ucaeloelndff,
and of shallow deceit,
to the spirit and. the understanding of the coun-
try, could have raised in every quarter of France
so keen a sense of provocation. On the other
hand, how could any thing short of the most ge-
nerous indignation, combined with almost unex-
ampled resolution, integrity, zeal, steadiness,
harmony, and. wisdom, have enabled the electoi's
of France, 100,000 individuals, scattered over
an immense territory, separated, not by physical
barriers alone, but by local interests, and an assi-
duous interception by the agents of the Crown
of their endeavours to communicate with each
other—how could properties less effectual and
admirable than these have brought about a prac-
tical co-operation so perfect as that which has
been proved to exist among the French electors,
that is, among all the men .of all denominations
of property in France, sympathizing with the
lower classes, and virtually representing diem,
by a return of an. absolute majority of legislators,
in opposition to the Minister who had spent
whole years in preparation to' defeat them irre-
coverably ? This is for France a glorious tri-
umph, and powerful guarantee of their deareSt
rights hi. future generations of Frenchmen. If,
however, a contrast, unfavourable to the general
character of English electors, be suggested to
any man by the,grave and dignified exterior, no
less than by.the
.manly and determined substance
of the , present victory achieved by the elective
power' of France, we may remark, in the first
place, that the comparison is instituted, not quite
fairly, as we think, between the gentlemen of
one country, and the mob of another. All
Englishmen, the lowest, whether voters or not
voters, bear an active part in every election : in
France,' the privilege of voting is confined to
1 the upper classes, and to the more•respectable
of the middle. In England the election is
a public spectacle open to the whole
world, where every man proclaims aloud
the object of his - choice, and frequently
the reasons for it ; whereas in France the
ceremony is of the most quiet and sober descrip-
tion. There are no questions put to candidates,
no explanations of their conduct demanded by
their former constituents, face to face,—no ap-
' peals to popularsentiment,—nO struggle of nerve,
nor display of talent ;—the vote is written on a
slip of paper—the mystery and security of a ballot
attend the whole transaction ; there is no room
for excitement—no provocation to violence—no
offeroiolflfgpEeeti
temptation to excess. Besides all this, re have
not seen for a long course of years the question
put so broadly in England, as it now is to the
bosom of every Frenchman—" Will you
.live in
absohne slavery, or be at once "a free people f"
have not had the same imperious necessity for
defiance.l(C3-‘;a'uetori
duty‘ho; 'elae:r,vai.ngiel t.ll:.l3:bei t'solbStitoleh,:oeyequally
same noble energy First
acting as one man for their existence. prin-
ciples have not, for more than a century, been at
neighbours
motive
h at
voet:iiiial ntiiiiiiisi t
greaty aga it;
rsitsis theoßf British
ibiaelelynbii.onrceleindg
twonhtliat
theirby which
issue amongst us, as they have been. ever since the
set own at
restoration of the Bourbons in France. The life
of England is not astucsitlakaec:rilsoiisigeNi,neraycoitmbee, ere
e
but that Englishmen will do their
which now cha-
hzeaavleounso
nfeeaigr
cha-
racterizes the proceedings of
neighbours.— Times. our spirited and
It is now fully understood that Mr. Davies
Gilbert will be elected to the chair of the Royal
Society, the resignation of Mr. Peel having re-
moved all competition, and the only remaining
gratifying to learn that
obstacle, viz. the obtaining his o,,vn consent,
being withdrawn. It i 3
of that learned body
the proposition for placing Mr. Peel at the head
of its members,
of sup Posing that they could dictate to the whole,
who
wcrieg-i guiltynatecl
o with i
theth
arrogance
few
and contrived to delude Mr. Peel into the
opinion that his acceptance of the chair would
be an honour conferred on the Royal Society !
The whole of Mr. Peel's conduct to the memberswas framed on this mistaken supposition, and he
neglected consequently those- opportnnitiea of
which other men similarly circumstanced would
'have availed themselves, for cultivating their
goqd-will. This was particularly remarked at
the last annual . visit of examination to the Oh.
servatory in Greenwich-park, which lqr:Poel
attended, to the general surprise of the mem-
bers, who then knew nothing of the honour
which he intended to confer on the Society.
—His *Mean-our on that occas'on was far
from being cordial or conciliatory : on the con-
trary, he teaintained'a haughty riserre of manner,
and kept hiniself very much alOof from the m em-
bars, dui* the examination.- Nothing denoted
that he saw in those present, man whom he con-

templated msaing his future friends 'anti asso
ciates. The surprise of all was therefore ex-
treme, when at a council held shortly after, the
proposition was .for the first time submitted that
Mr. Peel should be elected to the chair of the
loyal Society. The coldness with which it was
received ought to have convinced those with
with whom it originated, that ultimate success
was not to be hopett'for ; but all wanted manli•-
ness to disclose to Mr. 'Net the disappointment
that :awaited him and them. Mr.- Peel having
taken the very high ground that he did, of course
withdrew immediately on learning that any oppo-
sition existed to his nomination. As• soon as
this was ascertained, a deputation of the members
waited on Mr. Davies Gilbert, to express the
unanimous wish for his election as President ;
and that gentleman having signified his consent,
his election, as we stated above, may be considered
as certain.—lbid.

Our readers will have seen, from the French
papers, that Ferdinand is about to establish a
Council of Commerce." This is one of the hum-
bugs had recourse to by all Governments ; they
must be meddling with commerce, as if commerce
could not take care of itself—as if, as long as
people eat, drink, clothe, lodge, travel about, and
will have entertainments, there should not be
commerce. But to let human nature alone, in
commerce, does not suit Kings or Ministers—
they must for ever be stepping in to help com-
merce. If Ferdinand would imitate England,
and have no such system as that of passports,
and would let merchants and wholesale and retail
dealers set up concerns in cities, and towns, and
villages, where they pleased, without molestation,
commerce would, in Spain, soon show that all it
wanted was freedom to stir in its own way. As
for Boards of Trade, Chambers of Commerce,
or Councils of Commerce, they are totally use-
less things, and ought all to be abolished in all
.Countries. They are, indeed, worse than use-
less, for they only cause people to be taxed to
pay the salaries: of Presidents, Vice-Presidents,
Cisrks, &c. The only possible use of Boards
of Trade is, to labour to get rid of all the laws
made for " the protection 'and encouragement
of trade." When a Board of Trade has got
-id of such laws, if there be any, then the
Presidents may relinquish their salaries, turn
off the clerks, and sell the offices to the best
bidder. This is what we would recommend to
be done with our Board of Trade, as soon as all
our Acts of Parliament made for " the protection
or encouragement of trade" are got rid of. But we
would not have our Board of Trade stop at this,
—but we would recommend it to procure
the repeal of all Acts of Parliament made in
favour of the City of London, and all other
corporate bodies, that any Christian, Jew, Turk,
or Gentile, of any description, might set up in the
City of London, or other corporate cities or
towns, as shopkeepers or traders, in any way
they might think proper, without taking out
what is called their -freedom, or paying one
-farthing for any privilegeS. To do these things
are all that Boards of Trade are fit for. Now,
if Mr. Huskisson and Mr. Grant will do this,
namely, make an end of all corporation privileges,
and put an end to all cts of Parliament made
for the encouragement of traders,—we will,
shonld we live longer than them, subscribe
towards any monument . that - the tvisdom of an
after-age might think proper to set op to their
memory. We hope they will begin with the
City of London Corporation the first, for that
is the most absurd of all the -Corporations.—
rning Herald.
The public may judge of the straits to which
the advocates of Administration are driven, by
•1, )3.
the nature of their attempts,to vindicate the jus-
tice of the Treaty of the 6th of July. To follow
them through all their absurdities would be im-
possible ; we must be content therefore to select
for the amusement of our readers one or two of
the richest specimens. " England," says one of
the most acute and intelligent.of their number,
" has recently acknowledged the independence
of the revolted colonies of Spain ;
.and France,
at a period more remote,• acknowledged the inde-
pendence of the English colonies in North Ame-
rica ; therefore, those two Powers were precluded
from interdicting to the Russian Government the
employment of its forces in behalf of the revolted
Greeks, and were compelled to unite with Russia,
since they- could not reasonably resist her will."
Here we have a cluster of absurdities which our
limits will scarcely permit us to enumerate—to
argue upon them would plainly be a work of
supererogation. England acknowledged the in-
dependence of some of. the South American
States, after cautiously ascertaining two facts
with respect to them ; ,first, that they. had
substantially achieved their independence,
there being no longer within their boun-
daries any Spanish force whatever ; and,
secondly, that they, had established Govern-
ments of _their awn, capable of forming poli-
tical relaootis with other nations. Had Rus-
sia, when she threatened England and .France
that she, would interfere alone, pursued a similar
course of inquiry with respect to Greece, and
arrived at similar results ? France again, it is
true, recognized the independence of the United
States ; but did she so recognize them under the
pretence of friendship to England, or as a mea-
sure of hostility to that power, with which, for
objects and upon a system of policy exclusively
French, she was already at open war ? Is there
any similarity here ? Were either England, Rus-
sia, or France, at war with Turkey oil- the 6th
of-Jely of the present year, or had any one of
them even a plausible ground of hostility to that
power? . A. cause must indeed be bad when its
most ingenious advocates., anxious to produce
parallel eases in its :vindication, can only find such
upon the slightest inspection, turn out to be
its very contrasts. Having thus glanced at the
ineffective, and indeed ridiculous labours of the
best class of the advocates of Administration
upon this great and important question, we now
if possible, less effective, and
torn to the still,
certainly more ridiculous labours of a class im-
measurably inferior to them. The latter seem to
think that they do all which the defence of their
patroos requires, if they can fix upon us, who
Impugn their unjust and impolitic measures, the
charge of inconsistency ; and accordingly
they load column afler column, with garbled
extracts from articles written and published by us,
during that lengthened period when the contest
between Turkey and Greece involved no other
considerations than those of the rights, interests,
and conduct of the two parties immediately en-
gaged in it, and when we gave our sincere and
zealous support to the cause of the latter. '1 he
logic of these reasoners is Certainly admirable ;1
and,if 'Pro ceded from' any • quarter whence
honour eouldl;i 'derived, would exalt Very con-
eiderabli our
ems of our own importance in the
political world.
runs thus :—The Morning
Post formerly
independence ; atlaavitateid the cause of Grecian
ournal, because it n 4 a most inconsistent
J
extinguishes th.e reprobates a Treaty
,bi..l) that the :
- •
