seven. The current rushes under the Flatts bridge,
with a force sufficient to turn fifty mills. Were
I to notice every thing worthy of notice, I could
fill a quarto, but must baste to a conclusion. The
road from the Flatts again skirts the shore, as far as
the ferry, which we crossed in a large fiat-bottomed
boat. We stopped a few moments to view the
tower, which I have before spoke of. It is a neat
piece of work, awl does credit to the engineers en-
gaged in its erection. The material is a species of
fine white lime-stone, found in some parts of this
island. The road from this to St. George, is but
sorry, and presents little worthy of notice.
The population of the Bermuda, or Somers islands,
is estimated at about ten thousand, two-thirds of
whom are slaves. Slavery is seen here in its mildest
form, for rarely does it happen that any cruelty is
exercised towards these unhappy creatures. In fact,
many of the slaves are the masters, and the masters
the slaves. They are. under little restraint, are well
fed, and enjoy as much liberty as many of them
care for or wish. I was *informed that during the
late war with the United States, several Bermuda
slaves were taken by the Americans, but so great
•was their attachment to their masters that at the
conclusion of the war they returned to servitude;
however, I must not be understood to advocate sla-
very, for I consider that no treatment however
humane can justify one class of beings to hold in
slavery another, equally entitled with themselves to
freedom. The negroes arc here the sailors, fisher-
men, aid mechanics. The island produces little
for exportation—its arrow-root is justly esteemed su-_
perior to that made in the West Indies, and. is ex-
ported in small quantities. The Bermudeans say
they have three -mops. The potatee crop—the
wrecking crop, and the whaling crop. Three months
of the year whales visit this island, it is said for the
purpose of eating the grasS which grows among the.
shoals and rocks surrounding it. The number
caught during the season is about twenty, nearly ally
of which are taken off St. GeOrge. The whalers',
go off in boats, and sometimes bring in both old and-
young whale, or as they term it cow and calf, toge-
ther. The cry of " Whale boats fast" creates almost
as much sensation at the east end, as the cry of " A
turtle in the net" does at the west, and every one i
who possesses a spy glass, hurries up to some emi-i
nence to watch the unequal contest, between the
skill and art of man, and the strength of the sovereign
of the deep—as soon as the whale or whales are
killed and brought into harbour, every one hastens
to see it—then ensues a scene which beggars de-
scription. No doubt my readers will be as surprised
as I was myself when I inform them that the inha-
bitaists eat the meat of the whale, and the poorer
classes consider it quite a luxury. Boats of all sizes
crowded with negroes of all shades of colour, of all
sizes and both sexes, are seen winding theirway with
the greatest expedition to the whale stations, and as
soon as the proprietor of the boats has taken off the
parts fit to make oil, the carcase is abandoned to the
crowd, who take away as much as their boats will
carry. The meat is red, very like beef, but of a coarser
grain. The young whale is reserved for the better
class of people, and the proprietor generally sends
his friends time choice pieces. I confess I was pre-
judiced, for I was confident I could never touch a
morsel of it, but I was tricked by some friend who
invited me to dinner, when I was obliged to acknow-
ledge that the flesh of the young whale was excel-
lent. The negroes fatten amazingly during whaling
season, anti their black countenances glisten as if
they had been anointing them with oil. Sharks also
come in for their share, and it is exceedingly hazar-
dous to bathe in the open sea during this season.—
The whalers run considerable hazard, having their
boats sometimes split to pieces, and at other times
carried down from under them ; at one time one of
the boats was carried down, and the men remained
six hours in the water before they were relieved from
their perilous situation. The sharks surrounded
them on all sides, but from their being excellent
swimmers, and keeping • close together, they were
afraid of them. Some of the boats have a gun fixed
in the bow, from which the harpoon is fired, and it
seldom fails to hit the part aimed at. It was with
no small regret that I heard it announced that in a
few. days the ship which was. to convey me to Hali-
fax would be ready to sailond it was with still greater
regret that I took leave of the island altogether.—
Bermuda presents a field of research for the natura-
list, which seems to have been overlooked by men of
science, and in Bermuda the admirer of soft pleasing.
scenery will be amply gratifie I. I left it at last with
real and unfeigned sorrow, and to the day of my
death shall esteem it an honor to enrol among my
dearest friends some of its much respected inhabitants.

As an illustration of his MAJESTY's continued
regard for the science, and its professors, we may mention,
that on the evening of last Sunday week he sent for the
two (now very ancient) violoncello players, CERVETTO and
SCHRA3I3I, and also DRAGONETTI, with his double bass, to
perform CORREIA'S trios to him, at St. James's, with which
he appeared exceedingly delighted. CERVETTO, who has
been a celebrated performer in his day, must now be at
bast SS years of age, and is the son of him, who, "in
times long past," was dignified with the appellation of
Nosey, by the gallery wags of Covent-garden Theatre, and
who died in 1783, at the great age of 101.
SIR FItANCIS BURDETT'S OPINIONS ON
HIGH PRICES.—A more striking illustration of the truth
of the Hon. Baronet's opinions cannot be adduced than the
following, which lies this week occurred at the quarterly
meeting of the Staffordshire iron-masters, held at Wolver-
hampton, where the contracted state of the currency was
freely, discussed, and a decided opinion expressed on the
impolicy ,of withdrawing country one-pound notes from cir-
culation ; and the resolutions entered into state the incon-
venience that trade has aiready experienced from the partial
disappearance of that description of the circulating medium,
;...-rd the still greater difficulty that must arise when the prohi-
bitory Oct comes next year into full operation. In our hum-
ble opinion, ministers are now beginning at the wrong
end in agitating 111,.2 corn question ; that of the currency
ought • most undoubtedly to have preceded it. It cannot,
however, much longer remain quiet, as Sir FRANCIS
BURDEVI" has a motion to make upon it, soon after the
recess. —Farky'g id ristol Journal.

On Friday forenoon the dead body of a young
woman was found in the Clyde, near Renfrew. It was
wog-nisei] to be that of a girl belonging to Anderston, who
has dwelt n)issing upwards of a month, and who, there is
every rearm tp believe, had, under rather peculiar circum-
stances, voluntwily put an end to her life, by throwing
herself into the tratgr, Nhe had, it is said, been keeping
company with a young man far some time, but having
slighted him for the sake of one more favoured, and of
older standing, he, prompted by revenge, it is supposed,
found means to communicate to the ear of his rival, cer-
tain alleged circumstances derogatory to her virtue. On
the chages being communicated to her, she was thrown
into the greatest ciistresa, and, stung to the soul at even
being suspected, the high-minded girl left her mother's
house, and there is every reason to sopect committed that
night the fatal act of self-destruction ; from th4t time nu
intelligence of her fate could he got till yesterday, when lig
body was found floating on the water, She Was a Well,
behaved wprpan.— Glasgow Chronicle.

A PROPRE' jN HULL.—A portion of the
inhabitants of this town were witnesses, en Friday last, to
an extraordinary display of follyj)
}WM, at about half.- that
ar4fanaticism. An indi-
vidual of tie vet established
B,dt, f.t:nudy
p ro'clockoce:di:d thet,
JOA :INA SOKT
aßfoteyrar Engineers' Station, eg(itaMtionu,Pta6t4SOo.untlian timbers, near the
: address the populace. He was arrayedi i abroad-brimmed
w
brown hat, was furnished beard of most
profuse growth, but which rather dbet
than added to, the respectability of IV fr°M,
appear-
ance:, anal bore in his hand a long painted stick appe"-
F 4 of a certain tree,
abnud;
mmitrided ,tle that it was but a litt:e4coti.run
He ninrolzal that his strange appearance was in obedience to
the divine conaMsll,4, and, though it might appear ce
insigni-
ficant to them,
Pand laid on our first parents dot to
the hr.epking of that small command entailed
punishment on All the human race. He stated that lie we 4
travelling to various places preaching the word,
in most places he was receiyad with silent attention—that
last August he had preached on the race ground at Aber-
deen to a,congregation of alrout 20,000; that iti.e was corn.
mantled to receive pecuniary assistance from those whom
the Spirit of Gon influenced to bestow, and that he should
thank Gou for it, exe. He then took off his hat, and made
a tolerable collection, several persons gave silver, and copper
. poured into
,the bat from all varters.—ffpfi Parkec.
