'SMITHFIELD MARKET, Nov. 4.

There was an exceeding full market this morning of all de-
scnptions of Cattle, but the number of Oxen were not so great
as on last Monday ; the trade was very heavy, and few Beast
could be sold scarcely at any price, in consequence of which a
number of Cattle will return unsold, and all description's of
meat may be quoted lower in price.
(ro sink the Offal, per stone of 81t.)
Beef 2s Od to 2s 10d I_
Veal
Mutton 2s Od to 2s _ Pork

Lamb Oa Od to Os Od.
CATTLE AT MARKET.

Beasts 3„loft 1. Sheep and Lambs 03,51°
Calves '2lo Pigs

HAY AND STRAW, PER LOAD.
Hay £3 Os to £4 4s I Clover £3 10 to .C 4 lOs
Straw £1 8s to £1 16s.

MILAN, OCT. 1 G.—We announce the approaCh.;
ing arrival in this city of Madame CATALANI,'
who is coming from Paris. She will go first to
Verona, and then return to Milan, where she
will remain some time. It is probable we shall •
again have the pleasure which she afforded us
some years ago, of hearing her in public concerts.
EDILIDGE'S CASE.—In the case of: Edrido,
who was on Saturday week capitally convicted,'
at the Old Bailey, of a cruel outrage upon his
daughter-in-law, Martha Mahon, 15 years of age,
and since sentenced to death, the property found
upon his person, and which consisted of a watch
and other articles, together with a, number of
pawnbrokers' duplicates, was taken by the She-
riffs, as is usual in the cases of condemned fe-
lons ; but a claim was immediately transmitted
to the Sheriff, on the part of the unfortunate pro-
secutrix, for the watch and duplicates, as the
property was her deceased mother's. The
Under-Sheriff, Mr. Clarke, expressed his willing-
ness to give the poor girl the articles she claim.
ed, if she made an affidavit in support of the
claim. This she did before the Magistrate on'
Saturday, and Mr. Clarke gave her the watch and
duplicates. The young girl was accompanied by
her sister-in-law.

The masons have been actively employed;
within these few days, in .the south front of the
Royal Exchange, making preparations for erect-
ing four stone figures, each six feet high, repre-
senting the four quarters of the globe.

LONDON JOURNALS.

tXTRACTS FROM TIIE DAILY 'MORNING PAPERS,
November 4, 189.2.

[MORNING CHRONICLE.]
THE KING.--His Majesty has been occupied
during the whole of the last week in examining
the progress that had been made in the Pavilion,
and the buildings connected w ith it, during his
,absence. His Majesty was aware that far less
had been done towards completing the original
plan than might have been, had our lynx-eyed
opposition guardians of the Treasury been less
observant of attention to the movements of its
immediate directors.—Lord Liverpool and the
snug little Chancellor—demur to the necessary
periodical issue, which are most essential to
enable the Royal Architect to proceed. Now that
their bold leader is no more able to advocate the ex-
pensive and tasteless plans which have already
swallowed up many hundreds of thousands of
pounds, they fear lest their new leader should be
found less pliant, consequently there is a compara-
tive suspension of the larger works. The dinner
parties at the Palace have been exceedingly select.
They have hitherto been confined to the accom-
plished Marchioness and her lovely daughter,
and the Officers of the Household, with occa-
ionally an additional guest or two. His Ma-
jesty is very abstemious in his diet, eating
simple fare, and drinking only a few glasses
of wine. He retires early from table, and is
very soon followed into an adjoining room,
where coffee is immediately served. After-
wards the company adjourn into the tea-
room. This delightful- beverage is prepared
by the hand of the Marchioness or her beautiful
daughter. His Majesty then escorts his fair vi-
sitors into the Music-room, followed by the
whole circle. Here are in waiting the King's
noble band, who, under the immediate command
of Royalty, play whatever may happen to be
congenial to his Majesty's taste. The Concerts
end about 12 o'clock, when the King retires to
rest. During the whole of these evenings the ex-
terior of the Palace is dark and dreary, owing
to the light being wholly confined to the interior;
and were it not for the " concord of sweet sounds"
that now and then steal upon the " ravished
ear" of the passer-by, the building would seem
to be uninhabited. Arrangements are making
for the accommodation of various parties who are
expected on occasional short visits to his Majesty
during his stay at the Pavilion. Lord Liverpool
and his new bride, Lord Anglesea and his
daughters (not the Countess), Lord Lauderdale,
Lord Bathurst, and several of the Ministers with
• their families, are mentioned., We have not
heard whether Mr. Canning and his family have
been invited.

[NEW T 1 Mts.]
Many people seem to have forgotten that Buo-
naparte ever waged a war of extermination with
all independent governments, and particularly
with our own. They forget that after the felon's
forfeit life was saved, he broke from his prison
and spread terror and alarm throughout Europe.
They forget that he was again conquered, again
spared, and placed, by the solemn enactments of
the British Legislature, in a state of restraint
from which it was the avowed object of his ad-
herents to release him by fraud or force.—
These things were differently regarded at the
Congress of Aix la Chappelle. There the inter.
cepted letter,addressed on the outside to the ficti-
tious Mr. Forbes, and in the inside to the real Mr.
O'Meara, Was regarded as deserving very serious
attention, from the secret means which it deve-
loped of drawing for 500/. and 1,8001. at a time,
and of conducting an extensive correspondence
with Paris, Rome, Munich, &c., and particularly
with the revolutionary banker Lafitte, who, it
appears, had at that very time several millions of
francs in his bands at the disposal of Buonaparte.
Let us only reflect what incalculable mischief
might have been effected at St. Helena, through
this secret correspondence, had Sir Hudson Lowe
been less attentive to his duty, and had not Las
Casas and Mr. O'Meara both been removed
from the island.

[MORNING POT.]

Both the Journal des Di.bats and the Quoli-
dienne contain communications respecting the
Congress which are highly mysterious. Nothing
less than the immediate dissolution of that As-
sembly seems to be expected. It was lately
announced that the Emperor Alexander would
return to his dominions much earlier than he in-
tended when he left his capital : the departure
of the Emperor of Austria is now mentioned,
with the addition that all the Ministers and
Plenipotentiaries will terminate at Vienna
the discussions commenced in Italy. " The
motives for these sudden changes are not exactly
known," says a letter from Vienna, but " several
remarkable arrests are talked of as having taken
place at Verona, Padua, and Venice." These
may perhaps serve as a key to the " sudden
changes" alluded to in the letter as on the eve
of occurring ; especially when we find the Quo-
ticlieiw stating, that a great conflagration broke
out on the 20th ult. at Verona, on the subter-
raneous vaults of the house occupied by the War
Commissary General ; that the fire was at last
extinguished, but not until one of the largest
magazines of military stores had been reduced to
ashes. Such an occurrence may have been consi-

dered the work of design, connected with plans

of a more extensive nattire, and notwithstanding
' the 44 remarkable arrests" which ensued, the
Allied Monarchs may have thought it more pru-
' dent for them to disperse, and for the Congress
to be removed to the capital of an arbitrary Mo-
narchy, than to remain assembled in a place
which might be the very seat and centre of Car-
bonari power.

[BRITISH PRESS.]
Madrid Papers to the 25th last have been re-
ceived. Among their contents will be found (see
THE SUN of Saturday) an official notice, an-
nouncing the appointment of the Field Marshal.
Luis de Rego, by the Portuguese Government,
to the nullitary command of the Provinces of

Entre Duero y Minho, under the idea of forming
in that territory a division of the Portuguese
army, Which may be in readiness to furnish as-
sistance to Spain, in case the liberty of the Pe-
ninsula should require it. It is also confidently
presumed that. England is decidedly opposed
to any foreign interference by force in the
internal concerns of Spain. It can never be the
interest of England to see the Peninsula re-
duced, like Naples, to a state of vassalage under
the Holy Alliance; it cannot be grateful to her
feelings to behold the country which she raised at
the expence of her blood and treasure to light and
liberty, replunged in slavery and darkness. That
the hero who reaped such glory on her soil, who
was the great instrument of her present eleva-
tion, should favour any meditated attempt for
her ruin, is not reconcileable with the ordinary
principles that govern human actions.

[MORNING HERALD:I
The intelligence from Spain, received since
our last, is interesting. It is very evident that
both the Ministry and the Cortes of that kingdom
feel themselves in a position of difficulty and
danger. The measures which they have adopted,
or are in the process of adopting, in order to get
over tl►e one and repel the other, partake not
only of the force, but of the hazards also of all
strong and decisive acts of Government. But
some hazard is not only justifiable, but com-
mendable, when well calculated, where the
objects at stake are the two most valuable
possessions of a nation—liberty and independ-
ence. At the same time, in every step
taken or under consideration, the mutual confi-
dence that prevails between the Executive Go-
vernment and the Representative Body is pro-
minently shown. The Cortes have accorded to
the Administration a discretionary power over

- - .
the personal liberty of individuals, receiving pay
or emolument from the Government, which the
latter cannot evade even by abandoning their
functions or emoluments. This appears arbitrary
and despotic. It is certainly liable to abuse.
But yet it was granted under the imperative ne-
cessity of defeating the perfidy of public agents,
who, by inaction or positive treason, promoted the
cause of disorder and rebellion in the provinces.
Another important discretion is vested in the
Government, and, from the Government, ex-
tended to the Military Commandants, by whom
the power is to be exercised,—that of taking
from the salaries of the public functionaries,
and levying heavy contributions upon the inha-
bitants of any town which, in the proportion
of its population to the force of the insurgent
assailants, shall not have made due resistance to
the enemy. These are certainly dictatorial
powers. The only question, however, is, whe-
ther the juncture/demands them. Surrounded as
the Executive Government is with peril and re-
sponsibility, and depending wholly, as it does,
upon the confidence of the Cortes and the nation,
it is not likely that it will abuse this authority,
particularly with the example of an accusation,
pending against their predessors before their eyes.

[THE Toms.]
We have been amused, and not in the smallest
degree provoked, by one of those articles (for
want of a better name, called " literary " ar-
ticles), which are often thrust into the French
Journals, when the editor is at a loss for news.
The Constitutionnel of Sunday last contains
one of these ; purporting to be an account,
or pull, of a book, entitled " Eveneniens A li-
litaires levant Toulouse, en 1814," by a
Captain Lapene, Knight of the Legion of
Honour, and so forth. The motto of the
work prepares us for its character—" Magis
Arnica Verdes;" the gallant Captain, mean-
ing, we suppose, to plead his violent attach-
ment to the lady, in excuse for the liberties he
takes with her. This Gentleman, then, professes
to write a narrative of the closing operations of
the campaign of 1814, between the Duke of
Wellington and Marshal Soult—which termi-
nated in what he (the Frenchman !) calls the
" glorious " battle of Toulouse. We must pre-
mise, for the relief of our countrymen, who find
themselves on all occasions execrated and calum-
niated, and England depreciated, by a certain
'French party, that it is not because English-%
men are more hateable than their neighbours, or
that they have, morally speaking, committed any
offence which justifies the malignity of this or
that French faction ; we are hated inveterately,
because we are immeasurably feared ; and we
are feared by the whole gang of Buonapartists,
because we have beaten them in an hundred
battles, and hunted down and destroyed the wild
beast who had led them in all their fierce enter-
prises of blood and spoil. It has actually never
yet occurred to us to hear a French revolu-
tionary officer speak of any engagement with the
English, in Which he did not gravely assert that
his countrymen had been the " real" conquerors.
—A fellow that had perhaps twenty times in
a campaign run off as fast as his legs could carry
him,—as nimbly as young Monsieur Las Cases
did the other day from Sir Hudson Lowe,—
would swear himself black in the face that it was
the English who ran, and he who pursued them ;
but then there came some confounded accident !,
a mistake, or a fog, or a panic, or treachery,
which prevented the French, who had all the
honodr, from reaping any of the fruits of their
triumph. In this laudable spirit is composed
the work of Captain Lapene.

CORONEn's INQUEST.—Saturday night an adjourned In-
quest was held at the Sun Tavern, Chapel-street, Grosvenor-
place before Mr. Higgs, Coroner, on the body of Fanny
Tucker, who died in the Locke Hospital. It appeared in evi-
dence, that the deceased was a young woman who had been ad-
mitted as a patient about a month ago. The medicines ordered
for her were administered by the nurse, who received them
in the usual manner, labelled, &c. from the apothecary. On
Wednesday night last, Ann Mortimer, the night nurse who
attended upon the deceased, gave her a bottle of lotion in mis-
take, which was made up from drugs of a poisonous mature,
and although the bottles were labelled, the mistake was not
discovered till it took effect, and all counteracting efforts prov-
ing fruitless she expired on Thursday.—The Coroner and Jury
thought there was neglect on the part or the nurse, and repri-
mand hen—Verdict, that the deceased met her death by taking
improper medicine adntinistered by mistake.
It is a fact, that between 900 and 1000 horses
are empl4ed.by the different stage coaches alone between this
place and London. Contrasted with this circumstance, we may.
state that an inhabitant is now living who recollects when. there
was but one horse kept in the Whole town of Brighton.—.
(Brightoi Paper.)

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

EXTRAORDINARY ATTEMPT AT FRAUD.

MANSION-HOUSE.—On Saturday last a woman was brought
up for examination before the LORD Mtwon, under the follow-
ing circumstances :—On Friday a man applied at the office of
Mr. Bish, the stock-broker, in Cornhill, for the purpose of
selling 2,040/. Spanish, and 1,000/. Columbian bonds. It being a
holiday at the Bank, the principal clerk of the stock depart-
ment was absent, but a junior clerk undertook to effect the
sale for him, although to do business for a stranger was con-
trary to Mr. Bish instructions. He sold them however on
the Royal Exchange, and paid over the produce amounting to
2,2641. by 204 sovereigns, (which the man particularly asked
for) and 20601. in Bank-notes, among which were two notes
for 1,000/. each. Soon afterwards a notice was given that
such bonds had been stolen, and the bonds were returned to
Mr. Bish, the person to whom he sold them, under such circum-
stances, refusing to fulfil his contract. Immediately steps
were taken to stop the notes, and while the necessary instruc-
tions were being given at the Bank, a women presented the
two 1,000/. notes, demanding 2,000 sovereigns, having written
ten on the back of each note a fictitious name and residence.
On being questioned as to the means by which she became
possessed of them, she declared she had found them (the two
1,000/. notes) in a street near the Bank, about an hour before.
She had provided herself with four new money bags to convey
away the gold. Under these circumstances, she was taken to
Giltspur-street counter. In the course of the afternoon a
second notice was distributed offering 100/. reward for the re-
covery of the bonds, and referring to a stationer's under the
'Change, where it was ascertained that such notice was put
forth by a person who stated that he was the owner of the
bonds, and had lost them, he being the son of the woman in
custody. Being interrogated on Friday evening as to his loss
of these bonds, he stated that he had them, together with 3,0001.
more Colombian bonds, in his possession that morning ; that
he missed the whole of them about two o'clock, and left- a no-
tice at a banking-house soon after. That on his return to his
counting-house at four o'clock he found 3,000/. of the Colom-
bian bonds had been placed there, but the remainder were
missing, and he knew not how. His story at the Mansion-
House, however, was totally different, as he there avowed
that the man who employed Mr. Bish to sell them was an agent
of his, that he was himself privy to the sale, that his mother,
the prisoner, was to have received the money for him, and that
he put forth the notice stating he had lost such bonds for the
purpose of accounting to his creditors for the non-fulfilment of
his engagements. After this declaration no charge could be
preferred against the woman. The money was ordered to be
repaid to Mr. Bish, and the prisoner was discharged.
If Mr. Bish had not been in time to prevent the woman un-
der the assumed name from changing the two 1,000/. notes into
sovereigns, in what situation would he now be placed?—
(Morning Paper. )
ELOPEMENT EXTRAORDINARY.

MARLBORO u en-ST REET.—Saturday Mr. Turner, the pro-
prietor of the Prince Regent public-house, Woolwich, brought
to this office his own wife, and a person named John i.ocke, an
exciseman, in the custody of two officers, and submitted to the
Sitting Magistrate the complaint which he had to alledge
against his wife and the exciseman. lie said that some days
ago Locke came, as was his custom, to take stock as guager
at his (prosecutor's) house, in Woolwich, and he contrived
that opportunity of inducing Mrs. Turner to elope with him—
she taking at the same time the provident precaution of removing
with herself about 5001. in cash and other property. Turner
immediately commenced a pursuit after his faithless Lady, and
obtaining some information which led him to think the parties
had gone to Dover, on their way to France, he went thither,
and met his wife at Dover in a packet-office, with her child, a
boy seven years of age, she was engaged in arranging for her
passage in one of the packets from the port, when the husband
seized her. She, on being upbraided with her conduct, expressed
great contrition, and soon agreed to return with her husband :
the latter, satisfied with her expressions of reformation, stopped
a day or two with her at Dover, and was prevailed upon by
her to return as quick as possible to 'Woolwich for his light
chaise cart, that she, the husband and child, might get home
comfortably together in their own family vehicle. He yielded
to her request, rode to Canterbury, and from thence to Wool-
wich—hastened back with the family chaise to Dover, where,
to his surprise and grief, lie could find no trace of either wife
or child ; but, after some inquiry, he ascertained that the wife
and the exciseman had started from Dover in a post-chaise, on
the London road. He followed their track, and got some
traces of them at Whitechapel. He immediately obtained the
aid of two of the city police, and followed the parties to the
Boar and Castle, Oxford-street, and beyond that he could ob-
tain no clue, until late on Friday, he suddenly pounced upon
the fugitives inOxford-street, near Rathbone-place, and seized
the wife and exciseman, after a violent struggle in the street.
He immediately charged a constable with the parties, and this
day, after stating his case to the Sitting Magistrate, he solicit-
ed permission to charge them with felony, both, he believed,
concurring in and concerting the removal of his property.
The Magistrate informed him, that against the wife he could
not sustain the kind of charge he contemplated, although he
might against the man, if he could bring forward proof of any
concert in the removal of his property.
Plank, on searching Locke, found, loose in his breeches
pockets, 112 sovereigns, one guinea, and 13s. 6d. in silver, and
tied up in a piece ofoldrstOcking, in his coat pocket, were fifty
sovereigns. Locke and the woman were then both asked where
they resided in town, but they declined answering the ques-
tion ; however, a card of a tailor's address was found in
Locke's pocket, and suspecting that it might lead to a disco-
very of their residence, the officers went thither, found that
the parties had slept there for two or three nights, and also
found several boxes containing a good deal of property, which
Mr. Turner identified as being that which had been taken from
his house at Woolwich at the time of the elopement. He
could not, he said, swear to the sovereigns ; but he had no
doubt of their being his property, as the gauger was a very
poor man, and could not have had such a sum of money of
his own.
The Magistrate gave directions that the parties should be re-
moved to the place where the offence was said to have been
committed. He said lie had no doubt that the Woolwich Ma-
gistrates would deal with it as it deserved.
UNION-)-TALL.—On Saturday a young athletic countryman,
who give his name George Kendall, was brought up, charged
(in conjunction with another man not yet in custody) with hav-
ing attacked Mr. John Hatch Vine on the King's highway,
putting him in bodily fear, and stealing from his person a va-
luable watch and appendages, value 40/. and some silver. He
was fully committed to Maidstone gaol, to take his trial at the
next Assizes.

THE LATE CHIPPENHAM AFFRAY.—The De-
vices Gazette says—" Mr. Clare, the Coroner,
was last week summoned to etyear before Mr.
Justice Best, at Bath (where the Learned Judge
is for the benefit of his health), with the depo-
sitions taken at the Inquest held on the bodies
of Mr. Hull and Mr. Reynold, who were lately
murdered at Chippenham. Mr. Winch, Soli-
citor, of Salisbury, was in attendance with Mr.
Matthews (brought there by a writ of Habeas
Corpus, from Fisherton gaol), for the purpose, of
making an application to his Lordship to accept
bail for the appearance of Matthews at the As-
sizes. Four respectable gentlemen offered se-
curity in 1,0001. each, and Mr. Matthews's father
i❑ 2,0001. or in any farther sum that might be
required. His Lordship, however, on reading the
depositions, said that Mr. Matthews had been
committed on a charge of murder, and however
slight the evidence against him might be, he
could not accept any bail. The Learned Judge
then put his seal on the inquisitions and deposi-
tions, and delivered them to Mr. Guise (who
purposely attended), to be deposited in the
Crown-Office, until they shall be delivered to
the Judges of the Assize."
