HOUSE OF COAMMON►S.

holders of that town, praying for the Abolition of Slavery,
and that the. House would enforce that Abolition themselves,
and not leave it to the masters of tilace4,--Ordered to be
printed.
Mr. F. BUXTON wished to dtaiv 'the Attention Of the
House to a petition which he was aliout to present (not that he
wished to draw any disparaging comparison between the many
petitions that-had been presented from ail parts of the king-
dom -and the one he alluded to), but when he reflected on the
number of persons who had atigned. that petition, end joined
them -With the signatures of the other petitions that had been
presented for the consideration of Parliament, he thought
the House would not be doing its duty towards the country
if it did not pay attention to the prayer of these petitions.—
,He would not detain the House by adverting to the very ge.'
neral feeling of the *hole kingdom on the subject of Neap.°
Slavery, the petitions that were then within the walls of
the House would alone point it out. Ile wisiied to know
what was the exact disposition of the Ilia e upon the sub.
ject. When the Question was agitated in 1,323, the Right
Honourable Gentleman opposite did not then autte his opinion
on the subject of Slavery.. He certainly, hat; then said that it
could not be tolerated by‘any law, and 'that o,v,adual extinc-
tion of the practice would be of More advantage than a sudden
and instantaneous emancipation of the slaves. But he wanted
to know what the Right lion. Gentleman meant by.a gradual
extinction. Three years had elapsed since that period, and
no ,advances, whether gradual or sudden, had yet been made.
A series of resolutions had been then drown up, and had they
only been enforced, the state of these poor sufferers would
have been much ameliorated. He would like to be informed
why they had not been entbrced. An Order of Council had
drawn up several regulations, which had been Emit partially
brought into force. These regulations consisted of the
following Useful orders.--Ist. That no slave should be sold
without his family: 2. That the use tithe whip should ,be di-
minished ; and, with regard to. females, completely abolished.
-3d. That the day of market should be changed from Sunday to
any other day of the week, and the Sunday to be given to the
slave, either lot' religious instruction or for his own, recreation.
4th. That their marriages were to be legalized. There were
many other regulation* which he would not detain the House
with, as he was convinced that they were rmuainted with
them. When then regulations wete first brought under the
considetation of the House, hone of the Gentlemen wind
were acquainted with the Vireat Indies had expressed the
slightest doubt but that they would be cordially received by.
the West India Planters; Something, however, had been
done in the Colonies, but to a very trivial extent.—ln To.
bago, they had altered the market.day front Sunday to
Thursday, and hid admitted negro evidence. In the
hamas they had adhered to the Order ofCouncil,in riot separat.
ing the slave from his family ; and in Barbailoes they had al-
tered the laws relating to negro evidence. But he would add
that in Jamaica they had abolished flogging, but also had
not attended to any one of the Orders of Council. In Antigua,
Dominica, Bermuda, and many other Colonies, nothing Iraq
been done confbrniable to these regulations. He would
suggest that whatever was to bit ttone should lie done by the
House Itself, or else these resolthions and regulations- ought to
be withdraivri altogether, and the House acknowledge that it
had no power on this subjeet of general complaint. He would
conclude by making use r3f the Right lion. (ientlenrin's oivn
words, at the conclusion of a most eloquent speech' delivered
by hint during the Session alluded to. He would merely say
to the Right Hon. Gentleman (for his own remarks were ap-
plicable to himself on this occasion), "'Crust not the meters
of alaVes with any thing relating to the slaves, anti which, at
'
the same time, is detrimental to their interests (the slave °salmi)
for be assured they will not enforce any thing against them-
' selveS.r The Hon. Member then presented the petition (which
was of considerable length having no less that 72.000, signa-
tures) from the City of London and its vicinity.—Laid on the

table.
Mr. Secretary CANNING was Understood to say, that as the
Hon. Gentleman had grounded his speech upon the,prayer of
the Petition he should beg the Clerk to read it at length. The
Petition was accordingly read. ..,
Mr. Secretary CANNING said, before lie answered the call
made upon him, by the Hon. Gentleman who hail presented the
petition, lie had been anxious to hear the petition read, and he
perfectly concurred in the sentiments esspresazel tey it--(Hertr!)
--Ale
.would, however, request the Clerk to Veadthe Iteeolutions
which the Honourable Gentleman had alluded to. He would
prefer hearing them before he answered him, although they
might still be fresh in the memory of the liouse.—(The Hese-
luttons were then read.)—The honourable Gentleman heti
stated the existence of slavery to be inconsistent with the Itri-
tish Constitution, and incompatible with the Christian religion.
Ile felt it his duty to explain to what degree he admitted that
proposition. Unquestionably no man would contend, that
slavery was consistent with the Itritielt Constitution or agreeable
to Christianity. But whilst he admitted the truth of the Propo-
sition as an abstract proposition, he could not admit it as it
practical ground for legislation, because it went to tit:price Par-
liar dent of all discretion ; if the principle were to be admitted as
an absolute basis for practical measures. it would call upon
them to proceed to the abolition fit' slavety'nt; a nuisance not to
be tolerated for a moment by any Christian aaaembly, or by the
British Parliament, because it was repogeent iti the spirit of
Christianity and of the Constitution. He had on a former 0C- 1
casion taken the liberty of stating his opinion, that hovt- :
ever proper it might be that religion should be re-
ferred to in their deliberations, or diet its temper and
spirit should exert b constant influence over their minds, it was
both inconvenient and dangentus w make its partictilar
precepts the subject of express
expressdiscussion in that House.—
lier/ever re ugnant the spirit of Christianity might be to the
institution of slavery, Whatever tendency it might have, and no
doubt it had a strong one, to undermine and overthrow that
condition of society, it had pronounced no authoritative and ex-
press command for its immediate 'and universal destruction.--
tie thought tbe proposition, if it meant any thing more than
the expression of a religious feeling, proved a great deal too
much: So, with regard to the Briush COnetittition, if it were
said that it was consistent with slavery in any part of the ilti-i
tish dominions indiscriminately, ontliatinedly the proposition,
would he untrue; but it was undoubtedly true, neverthelese,'
as a matter of history, that the Parliament of this, the freest
country in the world, had, with respect to a part of our docoi-
niens not only tolerated, but ent7iiiiragcd its existence. Did he
therefore infer that they were hot to adopt every proper and
prudent measure with a view to the fiend exunction of this evil ? i
By no means. The only distinction between the Hon, Gentle:-
man and himself was., that hislitinciples were such as admitted
of no delay. His (111r.Canning's) would only lead hint grade ally
to undermine a syStern which had been held compatible with all
our inatitutions. Parliament Was certainly pledged to the aiei-
lition of slavery, and he was desirous to see how far those
pledges could be redeemed without the employtnent of coerition e
for although they were pledged to the abolition, they were not
pledged to the adoption of any otherthan slow, gradual, cantle
ous, and if poisible safe means of attaining kt. The House had
adopted hie resolutions rather titan those they superseded, and
he hoped to shew that' Governintnt had not been negligent,
or inactive in the pursoit of the objects they had in view. `Piece
resolutions had been passed in 'slay, I tip, and copies of them
lied been immediately transmitted to the Colonial Authorities,
feeling, al Government hind alt., that it would be desirable that
the changes should be effected without the application or the
treat of coercion, or without interfering With the Colonial legis-
lations so far even as to attempt to ehtipe their course. Hopes
had been entertained that the suers resolutions of that House
would have sufficed to inspire with a kindred feeling, aial sti.
mutate to corresporxlent action the eiilonitil Assemblies. In this
lhoewlianmg yenetalttiowsyity they h
embodied tli substance of those Restolutions in
been disappointed. Then in the foie
an Order of Council, imperative upon all the Coloniee where
no local legielature existed, and expected to have it cOnsider.
able influence over those usleintilive where they did exist, This
also had proved, not certainly altogether, btu to a great degree
idioadnet:eftenntiuthseal it11;1 or diet House to take the
unavailing. The lion. Gentleman stated that all those efforts
otwlittecnaoltinicittigebratritoyrse than nothing had beets
matter into its own hands. The lion. Uentleman also said, and
it wee true. that he had declared that, if contrary to his hopes
and expectations there should appear to exits in the Colonial
.Assembliee a spirit of determined resistance to the views of
Parliantentethat if contumacy should be manifested, that then;
If that case should arise, the Executive Government would
be bound to resort to the assistance of .-Perliaitient. Un-
doubtedly he did not mean to dt•ny, that in the case he- hail
had ehewn that any powers
supposed, it might be proper for rliamn to rfere, so tar
with which it mielit be emulated
us to strengthen the ban& of the Executive; t which he tlithight
tor this puepew, would not reimin dormant io its hands. In
such a case lie had no doubt that there would be found persons
in this House, in this' Government, to overcorne every' oh-
stacle that might bi interposed to the accomplishment or their
wishes. The only difference upon the question Was, whether

_ An Account of all the Sums received by, the Commissioners
for the Reduction of the National Debt was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed:
___ _ _

CORN LAWS.
Sir RONALD FERUUSSON presented a Petition from
the Inhabitants of Burntisland, in Scotland, praying against
any alteration in the Coin Laws.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUME presented a Petition from the inhabitants of the
town of Stockport, praying for on alteration of the Corn Laws.
—Ordered to ire printed.
presented from the Boot and Shoe
'Mititkesrsimoilta' risil:tinegttoin w
no,
alsniawas ordered to be printed.
Petitions to the same effect were likewise presented from this
County of Bedford ; at front and fro certain, Parishes in the County
of Suilblk ; and ordered to be printed.
Mr. W. 11'111TMORE postponed his motion on the Corn
Laws to Thursday, April 18.
IIIISC I, LA NEOUS.
A Petition was presented from Overton,, In Southampton,
against the importation of French Silk.---Laid on the table.
Mr. 000C/I presented a Petition from the 'Coroners of
Sudblk, praying for an increase of salary.—Emilon the table.,
Mr. 11. DRUMMOND gave notice of his intention, on
IVednesilay neat, to bring in a Bill to repeal two Acts of the
Scotch Parliament relative to assault and battery.
Mr. tiOULBURN obtained leave to bring in a Bill to regu.
late the 'punishment of otlinices in Ireland. The lion.
ber said, that during last Session, tin Act had passed both
Houses of Parliament, enabling Judges to punish criminals by
sending them to hard labor for certain length of time, arid
he wished the Act to extend to IrßY.eland:
S
Mr, HustE presented a petition yrom the Town of Ka.
toonc and its Vicinity, against Slavery.—Ordered to be printed.
Two similar petiuons, from the Town and Borough of
Ipswich, and from, the Protestants of the said Town and
Borough, were presented by Mr. LINNAIID.—Ordered to be
printed.
Mr. 14. LACK presented a petition from Lutterworth against
Slit•iery.—Orilered to be printed.
Mr. ALLEN presented it similar petition from the Country of
Pembroke.—Lind on the table.
Mr. W. Wll argon, on presenting a petition from the
Town of Oswestry against Slavery, and the protecting Duties
of West India Sugar, gave notice of his intention after the
Easter Recess, to bring forward a motion founded on the prayer
of the' petition, which he then presented.—Ordered to be
printed.
Mr. Worolitottsir presented a petition from the County of
Norfolk, praying for the abolition of Slatiery.—Ordered to be
printed.
Mr. W. PEEL, on presenting a petition from the Gentle-
men Agriculturists, and others, of Tamworth, said that the Pe-
titioners went a step .beyond any others that had yet petitioned
Parliament on this subject. The Hon. Member stated,lhatlhe
petitioners would willingly contribute their share towards in-
demnifying those Slave Proprietors, in the Colonies, who
would lose by the emancipation of their Slaves.—Ottlered to
be printed.
Several petitions, praying for the gradual Abolition of
Slavery, were presented, from the Town of Carlisle by Sir P.
Musgrave ; from the Town and Borough, of Portsmouth by
Mr. W. Smith ; and from Royal by Lord Althorpe, which
were laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
Sir G. Rontresoie presented a petition from the Town of
Northampton, signed by 2,300 611 the most.respeetable House.

such a case or contuntteY had arrived. If-he were coiled upon ' yield to fear, but which was not to'he subld,urmadlebiythetbrpb:aiinoceen
to answer the question he would say,. that it had net -arrived. the speech of the Bight. lion. Gentleman which had heed
He remit certainly at the. same time admit that there were
under diecussiun *As tlio African:Stave
alluded to was nettle in 1799 ; and althOugh, the eubjeet them
grounds in that speech Would be found equally
grounds of alarm. He did, certainly perceive indications of a
contumacious spirie; but he should hope to the last, and sub-
the question of the manumission of ramie- applicable tO
out to grievdus and frequent disappointment rather than take
a step pregnant with the Most alanninteconseeuencee to this . Mr. Secretary PEEL said his anxiety to promote the object
. e
country and the colonies-. The p ate enfant of Tritsidad had pf the petition must be hie apology for recommending =caution,
paid attention to every part of.the Order in COuncil—there to honourable Gentlemen. Whatever might be the future
were no omissions to allege against it. . duct of the West India Awiemblies—whether • tiny adopted the
alternative of continued resistance, or of :whelk:men—tend ho
Mr..FOWEIsL BUXTON said a few Words expressive of
liis dissent. .
betted to God they -weuld adopt the latter)--the tooth:), of abe
alt. Secretary CANNING—He ought rather to have said; staining; from irriteting language was obvious. It they were
. compelled to legislate, it was desitable,that they should have
that none of the alterations recommended for the improving
the condition of the slaves hail been left untouched. The lee. willing instruments to carry eheir laws into effect. The Right
lionotirable.Gentleman commented with great force en the state
gidature of that Colony had ,riot upon every point gime so far
as might have',heon deeited t but it had et leastinsnifested the of the law, as it now existed in the %Vest Indies, with regard
Spirit of acquiescence, end had done something in pursuance to the evidence of stares. , It was calculated to impair the see
or every distinct recommendation. fie would now state to the corny of every intereet, AI well tie tq degrade the character of
the slave. lie said he should abetain from tiny lenithlierted obe
i louse how far the Order in Council had been adopted in the
, eervatiens upon the subject, lest the strength of his. feelinge
Colonies generally. 'lbis Order conteined ten distinct classes
•
wiled inadvertently draw from him expressions calculated to
The let related to religious inetitutionse incliedino of course
~ F3t filar- phriatiiv id olio
dic
cue
the clue observance of the Sabbath. i. Slave evidenee. 3. "itutru andnt albject in vie*, to &hien. rwe the condition
chide* to manumission. 8; Sale of slave a. or their transfer produce irritation in any quartet. Thei
.6.
riagee. 4:- The security of the !Property ofealeveae
'ce the elay.e, end he trusted that every /lon. Gentleman would
from one plantation to, another. 7. The separatinn of fine_ ciutiouetwelietain front expressions :urinating against the et.
band and wife, (reef parent and child. U. Punishment and taint-nein of that practical object.
the abolition of the use of the whip, as ht stimulant to la_ :Mr. SCA ItlaBl"r entirely concuniel in the obeervations.of
bour. 9. The flogging of female Itinves. • ith Stieinke Banks: the ,Itight. Hon. Gentleman. He thoughte that the best mode of.
There were twelve Colonies which poseetised local .begie- improving the condition of the ,slaves was to conciliate their
lettuce, or at least such simititutions as ',gave them a will meet ere, He vote convinced that repreaches or .tuenaces would
of their own. -Ile would state to , the nous& how twiny of be productive of mischief rather than of ad viiutage.. .
these had adopted, either simply or with modificatione, the Mr. I'll ILIA PS swot With regret thet the, Colonial Legittlini
several alterations %iitch the Ordee in Comical had recommend- tore either evaded or totally negteetod, die recto worndationi
Id to their notice. Tight of them had acted upon the rt4oin.! made to them in consequence of the Ittetolutions of the Houser.
mendation which related to religious instruction ; seven upon Hie hoped, however, that tinder, the !holier receminendationi
that relating to slaves' evidence; tiee upon that relating to mar. which it was now the intention of the Oovernment to make;
riage; eight
chi the security of elttir property,; five on the in. they would adopt an entirely opposite.,course of proeeeding.—
separability sband and wife; !bur on vibe sale of slavee ; Ile recollected the thne when every mate 'ay advoceted the
eight on abolition of *hip as a etimuluirto lehour le five with alicilition of .the Slave Trade was censidered as an enthusiast,
regard to the punishment of 'females I. Mid !here
he must say anti treated as unworthy of attention. Whatever were the vioe
that he should have expected.a More 'gneral acquiescence, for lent feelipgs now, entertained by the slave toasters, he had not
certainly the abolition of the tise of the AeliO, Which is an in- the sligbtest doubt lent that the gradual emancipatiun of slaves
strument of punishinent to female slavese wait the cheepeetand would be aceomplished as the former great measure was, and
easiest mode of shewing subtniseion that cotild. be imagined ; . diet eventually the same parties would. declare it one of the
and es any grounds, he could have been inditced to. adopt greittese benefits that could. have been conferred upon therm—.
the resolutions of the lionotitable Gentleman, it would have All great measures, however, founded in truth and justice, had,
been upon that of the existent
ot a . practice so tibliorent to encountered violent opposition while they. were in progress, air
every humane or manly. reedier. NV ith respect to Savings certainly as they afterWardi met With-universal assent and ape
Bak; tett of the Colonies heti paid, attention to the Order probation. Ile was fully convinced of the sincere intention.
in Council. It was quite Ante thin ' the. meaeuree recent. deeirenf his Majesty's Government to etrectahe amelioration el
mended had not been adopted' in many instances without the condition of the slave, preparatory to his eventual munch;
considerable modifications. The question then returped, potion. lie would not, therefore. consent to any proposition
whether the Colonial Legislature.; bed been 'so obetinate eor hurrying them out of the course which they thought the
end contutneeloue as to render •it ream:try. to .depart "feat. and best for attaining their object, and at the seine time..
from'a system Which had 'reduced eoitie ' resnlts, however preserving the rights of property and the continuanee of order
imperfect, and to adopt measures whiefi would involve the to the coloniele
while Principle of Colonial Legislation. He Cohteseed that Mr. W. HORTON way anxious to see, a few words in fure
when l+e saw judicial proeedingtie'lit consequence of Which therance of what had fallen from the Honateentleimin who had
black life hail been taken, andßingß,
in which the evidence of Sieve's just sat down, .as to the impropriety of taking this question out
tin:morn had been admitted, it made the result of the recent of the' hands of the Government, or of urging them into a pre-
dieetpeninis in the Howie of Assembly at Jamaica excessively . cipitate kohl-se-of action,- by winch their object might be lost,
`painful to the teener. When. he contemplated the result die and the, worst coneetwences produced. lie was .sure that any
thou trials, and saw a Bill throttei out, the object of which was person who . looked into all the complicated beatiegs of the
e»nliko the evidence of Mattel admissible in canes in which the question as he had done, would bee that much existing miscues.
property only of white men might be involved. he weld not but ception of the nature and effect of the proposed measures must
address an imploring voice to the Legislature of Jamaica to wipe be cleared away from the minds of the West Indian, Colonists,
oht the stain from io
its character as nekly. as possible. He could before they proceeded in a course which otherwise could produce
not adduce private informationseas fit to. influence the decisions onlyexesperation and unpleasant feeling,. without leading to
of that. Howie,
_it would be a,dangerous -ground on which to any good end. .it was dear that the coloniste were posseesed of
build the proceedings of Perliament, but lie had great hopes that the opinion that their audierity °ye/hitt elaves would he wealt-
h) the next Sestribn of the Jamaica Legislature, their receot uses. sued by the Measure recommended- by the Government. He
to
would be revoked. lie could not ekpect the House; Would put it to the Honsetthen, whether it would nut be better. .
to rely on what he then stated, nor could he lie understood to: to leave arghment and experiment to operate upon their minds •
pledge himself to the worst, but he lied certainly received such , and destroy that opinion, rather than adopt • any precipitate
faint/tenon, and seen such an analysis of the recent divieion, its , course of action. To ehew rash the minds ot the colonists were .
had inspired him With a velconfident hope that in its next Seas beginning to be disabused upon this subject, he would read to
'ion that Assembly would exhibit a very difihrent temper.' Ile the House a letter he lied that day received from Demerara.—
wits.. therefore, desirous of giving another chance without .dise On Jan. 1, 1826,. the Order in Council .respecting Demexara,
oohing the welfare and habitual actions of vitiating institutions. came' het° operation: ,In that Colony It had been expected that
Although the paranionnt authority of the British Parliament itorn the m.oment of its being in force a change would take place,
was not doubtful in principle, yet the conetemencett which might i in the conduct of the slaves, Mid the peewit whte*rote the letter
arise from its practicel oeration Were such as would induce '
I was we of those who were fortnerly alarmed fot the consequenceil
I him to puttee. Ile was desirous of giving turther ttiel ; but of the Order in Council. The letter was to this tercet r—
ives not so far at variance with the lion. Gentleman upon this - ti You may recollect the alarm and upprehension which we all
etibiecteas to say that if' the respite should'mincer to have been ! felt here for the effect of the new regulations, comptishig the
tin own nway, it might not become necessary for Parliainent to ' abolition df the whip and other changes. lam happy to state;
e;;l;ert its authority, or rather he would sat, my the powers no* i that although these repubitione have been in force since the
entrusted to Government hid certainly not been abused, to (truth Ist, no inconvenience has arisen from them; I assembled the
the Crown with new powers, for the accomplishment or th,,:i,„... ! elaves together, and explained to them the new laws, and said
portant purposes which they all had equally:at heart,. It wee 1 that the names of all who received punitaliment were to be en.:
' the intention or Government, during the next Seselon of the I tenet in the black book, 'hut that I hoped they would give tie,:
Colonial Legislatures, to lay before each of diem a Bill. founded 'I
occietion for its* use. 1 told them, that instead of biiilding a .
upori the Order in Council, and thus to force from Them' an ' genial shohld employ the money it would cost in improving
expreee „decision Upon the various topics it embraced. when , their holism They said they Wknild keep the book a blank;
this idiot& have been done, there would then have been three i and up to this time they have done so, and I !hope they will
gnitletione of admonitioneafirst, the resolutions of that house; I continue to do it." Hun. Gentlemen declured that he
second, the Order in Council; anti next, a Bill laid before the I, h h i i
Lougee I.l_S letter did honour to the writer, and it sheiied that
Legislature by the Executive Government of each eoltiny, upon ' the change was already working its way in the minds of the
which they would be compelled to come to a decision. .He shout,} t colonists. lie had also received inforthation, though it was not
he extremely sorry that the experiment lueliad mentioned ahntsld 1 of such a nature as to be laid before Parliament in the shape
not be tried before they had recourse to any tore 'violent pro_e of official documentioe.that in Triniciad,.eince.the new rept-
ceedings. !Mitch misconception upon these subjects prevailed I lations had - been in force, the system of task-work had been
in the'Colonies, nor could their repugnance to make an where:. intvoilutted .amongst the :deem If they finished An appointed
thin of .their system excite nuich surprise, if they refeected ' work within the time allowed them, they had the remainder to
how- diffiedit it was to oi/creme long existing prejudices even , employ either in relaxation, or in other occitputione.for -their
in the British Perliernent. 'The Coloniel Legislatures might, own benefit. He would leave it to the !ouse to Kay whether
in some degree, perhaps, be excused for having resisted flit this was not an improvement in the condition of the slave, as
three years, measures which had taken them by surprise, and well as a benefit to the.master.--( Hear i) —All these things must
inetteurce Web might he thought, to lessen their dignity ited I tend to. produce, in the muds of the proprictots A CenViCtiOri
importanee. in Seine instances the question of compensation to that the alterations proposed would not prove injurious to.
the holden of' slaves had been introduced: Ile was at a loss to • their interests and property. It was upon a contrary suppasi.
know what could be meant by compensation. There was no- tion that the Colonial Legishoure had acted. Upon that view
thing recommended to the adoption of the Colonies which only, he watt convinced, had they founded their oppolOtion ; not
tended in the "slightest degree to the deterioration of their froinany objection to the measures themselves, but only as con-
;property. Compensation was connected with the .idea of a sidering them a partof a system intended for the destruction of
compulsory manuiniesitio. 'lf they adopted the recommene their property. To accoinplish the object of emancitiation mutt
(lesions of that House they would find ample compensation in be a work of time,' to be pursued with a fixed purpose, but with
the increased comfort of the slaves, in their elevation to till care anti circumspection ; and,. ebove all,. it was of tetrarnount
detiee, to the right', and to the dignity of men. lie shout importance to carry the TheAterS with them. lie did, therefore,
grieve if any step :wale taken to intercept benefits which would hope dist the Hoes° would support the measures of his Bight
he more advantageous tit once to the slave and to the master, lion. Friend, and reject any proposition for involving them
if they flowed freely from the latter. The HonOurable in a course •of •:greetet , precipitency. He would. not have the
Gentleman had referred to a speech of his delivered some time Howie suppose, because the care of . the Inland of Jamaica
in the last century. Ile often envied the situation Of Honour- had been cited to thew the determined opposition with which
I able Gentlenien in that House who, free from responsibility, the recommendations-of Government had, been meta—let it
could give unbounded ecope to their enthusiasm, without any not be . suppobed that there Were not °Armies in whieh much
apprehension of the consequences of their sum:phone, or any had heen,dotio in enntrillance with those recommendations.—
of the care or trouble belonging to their adaptatiOns to piaetice, In the Colony of eits Vincent, Suede). 'evorkMg, tied been lie
Ile could not this periodtertaiely, and in this present situation roiled to fin eerie, houLin the Incoming; the evuience of *laves
hold himself to be bound by any effusion which might have haul been admitted in cfitninal MACS; the Marriage of alar eevive
escaped him during the last century. He might have een inn. legalized; the•property.of slaves was recognized end,prottected.
pi ntent then, and was nut, perhaps, very prudent now. Anal he I lii the isiend of Dominica., Snnday labour war* abolished alto,
had very recently rend extracts from n pamphlet ascribed .to welter, end *lave evidence was admitted in cases not capitithand
the Hon. Gentlemain and which contained sentimente widish he where their matters we're riot involved.' He did ' not Mean 10
would not now .be very reed to avow. He disclaimed tier. any thet this was eatistnetorY, but it showed that the wishes of
randy all neponsihility for whatever he might have said clueing the Goverernent and the House were in progress of being carried
into effect. What the details of the lion. arid teemed Geode- '
the last century, but it keened to him that the question then:
in discussion mutt have been the question of the ;have Trade. man's nin were, he knew not, but if the Howie, as it professed
There could then, at least, have been no eitieStiim respecting to be, was satisfied of the intetieions Di Mittieterss and with the .!
eeimunission. It was probable that he might have suited the course'the were Pnrseling, lie hoped it would prefer that come
ai)t.,lute power,
.combined with unstinted supply, was likely to - to any direct legislative intetferance wider Regent eireunie
Iceet to great prOal,,,ittity Of rise health, ilea, etreninii, and life stancai.
or sieves. If he had stated thie, it was not at all inconsistent Mr. K. DOUGLAS deprecated the intinduction or irritating
With his present opinitina. The sentiment was founded upon a topics into the discussion, and expensed his hope .that the
general principle of human nature. It applied es much to the speech of the Right Hon. Secretary for Foreign Attritive would
leader °run army as to the proprietor,of shave'. In conclusion, be allowed to go froth without alloy,• and to have its effect, on
the Right Hon. Gentlemen expressed his opinion, that there was the Colonial Legislature. He was One of those who possessed
not such eeedenee of contimeicy on the pert el the Colonies, as West Indian property; and he entirely agreed in time retolutions
to .cell,. for . time leterfereiwe Odle British Legielature. Ile which the House font-lull' Paused.
thought time ottght etili to be afforded, in the lonte that the dir. SYKES said that lie was not satisfied to loom the goes-
. necessity for interteretwe might be averted by the conduct of tion left exactly where it was now fot another year. When
Abe Colonlid Assemblies. in the mean dine he would supply, that heti. passed, they should still tiaa themselves in the same
if pOASible, an :Additional motive to urge theneon. He intended' situation, for he had heard ito pledge that the Right lion
to' move that a copy of their ite:dlutions should he sent to the Gentleman would be: prepared: with a measure next yeati
Lords in order to tintaili their concurrence, ilesenonlii think it tilthotigh his expectation,* might again be ilisappointed. The
his duty to opoose any at tetno tto legislate duringthe present case;, therefore, remeined precisely in the same state; Mid titer
Session. Ile did thitt, neither denying the abstract tight of the could toe hope to live to see the tune when there would bet Otto
Withal Parliament to legislate for the Colonies, not the post& en nmeliotetion of the hetdeliips and sufferiegs of elavYeee"
bility that the ocetteion Tor its operation might arise. It was hie What heti twee done to the West indiee.hati neon overstatede
opittion; however, that the ozcasion had mint yet arisen. . for h artiountt dto little or twitting. ' The nun.: letent bet hare
A conversation here canted between me, ceere iN (I arid. air, referred to en Act of one of the Helmet of AteremblYi to phew
llitouritt AM, in rooeteptestee of some questions put by the lat. that a law late! l Witted, contained many .provileotte hostile tie
tel. as Loathe tieeieion or certeaff confnial I,egisiattites en specific the recomenee mimes of the tiovernmint end the Resolutions
, toted when the too.:
prepeeitions.- of the Howie. Uetil he heard soave tune
111 r. W5l. SAIITII animadverted on the decision of the vereinent would eompel the eiloption or oars""'""re7''' he tauntHoitsenf 'AmeettiblY or ''Mintficiti and annealed to the speech cm treed. Hit Hon. tend Learned Friend to pr,tccid with the Bilk
of the lhmke of Manchester he confirmation of hie opinion that of which he bath ghten notice. ,
nothing wit% to be expected from that body it, accordance with 31r„ W. 110,teroN 0,040.0, him tue Ant to which the
the views of the "°"" It had Inahlfee'ed a spirit which tniet I} t Ildn. Member had Whew', contained an aneending clause;e,.

..stni that its other provisions were only repetitions of the old
IAWS.
Sir F. BLAKE thought it was theiluty of Ministers to come
to some decision as to the period at which slavery should cease.
Mr. P. WILSON said it appeared to him that the advocates
of emancipation proposed to deal with a large and' recognized
pioperty.in a manner which he could not approve. lie saw
nothing in the case of West India property which rendered it
peculiar, or destroyed its claim for remuneration if infringed
upon by any public act. He had no objection to see the slaves
free, if they could be set free without injury to their masters,
and wilt advantage to themselves. It was said that no injury
could arise- to our Colonies from emancipation, because there
would be the same quantity of free labour es there now 'was
air slavelabour. But what had been the result in the case of St.
D.oningd. All that was produced there now was an article little
better than molasses, and just enough for the consumption of
the island ; whereas formerly the exports of' sugar from St.
Domingo formed an object tf great trade and importance.—
The petition from the City of London, offered to take a share
,of expence of indemnity to persons who should experience
loss by the abolition of- slavery. These were the only terms
eaport which such ti measure could be fairly adopted: The
' .manner in which it was now proposed to be carried into effect,
'Would lead to a tined violation of property which had grown
up in the sight, and under the, protection of the tiovernment
and the country.
A MEMBER. whore name we could not learn, called the at-
tention of the Howie to the situation of slaves in the East
Ireties,sind sail that their CM' demanded equal attention.
llr, HUME contended that there was no analogy between
th.? state of slaves in the East and West Indies. In all the pines
where he was, in, India, the slaves were at liberty to leave one
master for another, and there was no law which compelled them
. to return. lie appealed to the Chief Justice 'of India whether
.this was not the case. Ile regretted the view which the lion.
Illeather forhuh (Mr. tykes) had taken of the question belbre
.the //ease. No man was more anxious than he was to see
slavery abolished : but he would not wish to see it done in a
- .precipitate and 'WA MalltlLT St) as to endanger the peace and
property of dam who were connected with it. Hellion& the
Honourable Colonial Secretary was right in considering that ,1
they-ought to carry the masters with them in effecting their
.object ; and he protested against any definite time being pointed
nut by the Government at which Slavery was to cease, An
lion. Member had not hesitated to assert that free Black
labour would be equally advantageous to tile master. But he
called upon Government to ley before the House the result of the
experiments which had been made upon that point in Trinidad
and Sierra Leone, and lie thought the reverse of that fact
would be proved. 'The lion. Alember then deprecated the prec-
tice of distributing prints with shocking representations of the
suffet Inge of slaves. He had one In his pocket which had been
sent to flint, representin' the case of a woman who was flogged
as far back as the year, 1782. He thought such a method of
proceeding was only calculated to inflame the passions, and that
the humane feelings of the people of England did not require
emit appeals. f With regard to compensation, he did not wish
muse WllOlll he considered to be the unfortunate holders of this
species of property to suffer by any public act. But he agreed
with the Hight lion. Secretary for Foreign Affairs, that they
should be improving the value of the slaves by raising thesis
in the scale tit immunity, and that it would not be a cue where
compensation was required.
The M aimen who preceded Mr. Hume briefly explained.
Sir E. Il Y B tST said, that as he had been personally
appealed to, he rose to state what was in his knowledge with
respect to the state ofslaves in India. We understood the Hon.
and Learned flaronet to confirm what had been said by the Hon.
Alember for Aberdeen, but his observations were generally in.
- audible. , With respect wale question immediately before the
Bowie, he wail one of the unfortunate holders of that species of
property now tinder their consideration. lie had concurred
in all the measures which had been hrought forward with the
view of ameliorating the condition of the slaves. When the
measures were fiSst stated, he wrote to recommend that the
Legislative Assemblies should adopt them. The answer he
had received wits, that there existed aegrowing feeling in favour
of the.propriety of those Measures, and that, although they had
been rejected by a majority of the last Assembly, it was ex-
pected they would at last be adopted. lie thought the true
objbet, of Parliament was to do the most possible good at the
least. possible sacrifice. lie deprecated tingry discussion, and
still inert) the practice which nbtained yetis after year of abus-
ing and vilifying those upon whom the accomplishment of their
object greatly depended. It was most desiralile to avoid every
thing like menace. Ile was quite sure that no measure of this
kind could be.brought intoexecetion without their having, in
a certain degree, the concurrence of the masters. While they
laboured under the supposition that their property would be
infringed noon by such meanie es, they were not likely to act
upon them with greater readiness under the influence of a threat.
. As long as sissy supposed them to precede an attack upon their
property,, there was 'nothing extraordinary in their being un-
willing to adopt. them. • •
Mr. IaItOUCHAM said that he should revert very shortly
to what had fallen free' leis lion. and Learned Friend, end the
Hon, Member for Aberdeen. With respect to their deprecat.
ing the netking of charges, he thought they ought not to bring
charges ageinst the great body of the people, upon whom they
threw the charge of precipitancy end inconsiderate rashness.
Ile believed there was tea difference of opinion, nor even of
degree in opinion, as to flie CROTITIOUN abuses of slavery. The
4 Bun.e.Mentber for Aberdeen had eomplained of the circulation
of cages whminaliette ammo had been manifested, and said that
they were exaggeratitins. This was not so. If he wanted to
pick out the strongest eases for appealing to the feelings and
passions, of the people—he should not look for them in the
Froeeetlings of diet great and triumphant, and he hoped still
increasing party, the Abolitionists; but he should go to
the speeches of the Colonial Legislature, and there he should
,find the most shocking and appalling details ofthis infernal sys-
tem. But they did not wish to excite any such feelings of dis-
gust, for they desired no sudden or precipitate emancipation.—
Such were her obeervations with regard to the petition. Be had
• not seen a work 'from which extrects had been made; but lie 1
could assure the House that within a quarter of a century (fur
it was now a quarter of a century wee the subject had been
first started), he had not changed his opinion upon it. If any
change had taken place he 'would unhesitatingly avow it, and
he would deem it childish conduct to persist in the expression
of an opinien which was not gmended upon a conviction ofits
rectitude. it wait said, that he had argued against any inter.
le.rence on the part of the mother country with the internal
reguletione of the colonies. lie had held, indeed, that in.
Trovements could lie better effected by the local authorities,
wile were invested with MI power fur the purpose., and whose
circumstances rendered them the most competent judges of the
mode in which a change might he best accomplished; but when
he saw that so many'years had elapse/1 without their advancing
a step towards a change, he thought that the time was conic
fur this country to show that it would be trifled with no hinger.
On a comparison of the relative powers of this country and the
colonies, he Was opposed to .cocreive measures, if they could
possibly be avoided ; but it was with surprise he observed, that
the nets find premises of the Colonial Authorities amounted
to so little. Only one colony, the Island of St. Vincent, had
adopted any measure of amelioration as to the driving system ;
but that island did not comutirt more than a hundred' part of
the slave population. 'lire subject of compulsory manumission
was altogether untonelled ; and slave evidence was inadmissible
in the °lily important case—where it was directed against
mister. This was not a question of yesterday. Lord Bathurst
.had held ii communication upon It with the Colonies in 1823,
and it was not till the following year that the Order in Council
was issued. In Jamaica and flarbadoes, he would not say
that. resistance had been offered to that order ; but it had
certainly been met with a 'narked and peremptory refusal.—
When the question of einelioration was discussed by the
Mouse of Assembly, it was rejected by a majority of two to
one ; and even several. Members of the minority had actually
given notice of an intention to oppose the measure in its subae. '
quest stages, declaring that their acquiescence In the first in.
,stance was conceded front their confidence that the question op-
. Pearce' before the Mouse for the last time. Of the debate in the
House of Assembly, he spoke with all respect, although the
Members did mit appear to him to have bad a sufficient sense
of their own interims, and though he and Write of his Hon.
friends had come in fiar no inconsiderable share of their cen-
sure. Still he wooldiety, that that deltaic WAS a highly respect-
able exhibition ofielent, and would do credit to the most dis-
tinguisieed await* in this country. Indeed their censure of
himself fell fat Short of the severity with which they treated the
West Indian proprietors here. Under these circumstances he
could not•but auger ill as to their name measures t that man
must be sanguine, indeed, who could entertain any further hope
from them. lie was less indined than others to blame the
Members of the Ifoust. of Asee,nibly, when he looked to the
• circumstance in ivhieh they stood, surrounded by a class of
ignorant persons who were indignunt at the idea of the proposed
alteration, when he considered the spirit of the speeches which
Inid been made on the subject' at parochial meetings, and other
violent proceedings which marked the disposition of the electors,
who wet nit Ciras even to burn art etligaioi some of thosemembers
wile were favourable to a mitigation of the slave laws. Their
very concessions were restrictive, rather than, Illettkillres of relaxa-
tion ; and it was even provided thut those measures were not to
take effect until the slaves gave proof of their obedience, and
*came repentant—repentant, he supposed, !Or the cruelties
which had been inflicted upon theta by others. Let such things
be-considered, and the debate which had taken place in the
House of Assembly could no longer be the subject of wonder.
For his part, he would not be surprised if they had now come
to a resolution to reject slave evidence altogether ; but he could
not expect that any improvement would be introduced where
tea it It was urged by an lion.
there were so many obetaelijS
Member that they ought not to employ onensive litnguage in
and ebove all, that they
trotting with the Colonial Legislature,
