HOUSE OF COMMONS.

LIST OF THE MINORITY.

That, on the 24th of May, voted for Mr. Buxton's Motion " To
appoint a Committee to consider the measures which it may be
expedient to adopt for effecting the extinction of slavery
throughout the British dominions, at the earliest period com-
patible with the safety of all classes in the colonies." Lord
Althorp, on Mr. Buxton's motion being rejected, moved the
adoption of it, with theaddition of the words, " and in confor-
mity with the Resolutions of this House, on the 15th of May,
182:3 ;" and, thus amended, the motion for a Committee was
carried.
Adeane, H. J.—Cambridgesh.
Agnew, Sir A.—Wigtonshire
Anson, Hon G.—Gt. Yarmouth
Astley, Sir J. D.—Wiltshire
Baring, Sir T. B.—Chipping-
Wycomb
Barnett, C. J.—Maidstone
Bayntun, S. A.—York
Benett, J.—Wiltshire
Blake, Sir F.—Berwick
Blamire, W.—Cumberland
Blackney, W.—Co. of Carlow
Blunt, Sir C.—Lewes
Bouverie, D. P.—New Sarum
Boyle, Hon. J.—Cork, City of
Briscoe, J. I.—Surrey
Buller, Sir Anthony—W. Looe
Bulwer, E. L.—St. Ives
Bulwer, H. L.—Coventry
Calcratt, G. H.—Wareham
Callaghan, D.—Cork, City of
Cavendish, Ld. G.—Derbyshire
Chandos, Marquis of—Bucks
Clifford, Sir A.—Bandon-bridge'
Clive, Edward B.—Hereford
Curteis, H. B.—Sussex
Easthope, J.—Banbury
Ellis, W.—Leicester
Evans, Col. De Lacy—Rye
Evans, W. B.—Leominster
Evans, W.—Leicester
Folkes, Sir W.—Norfolk
Gisborne, T.—Staflbrd
Glynne, Sir S.—Flintshire
Godson, Richard—St. Alban's
Guise, Sir B. W.—Gloticestersh.
Hancock, R.—Athlone
Handley, W. F.—Newark
Harvey, D. W.—Colchester
Hodges, T. L.—Kent
Hodgson, J.—Newcastle-on-Ty
Hoskins, K.—Herefordshire
Hughes, Ald. W. H.—Oxford.
Hulse, Sir C.—West Looe
Ingilby, Sir W.—Lincolnshire
Jephson, C. D. o.—Mallow
Jerningham, R. V.—Pontefract
Johnston, A.—Crail, &c.
Kemp, T. R.—Lewes

King, E. B.—Warwick

....
Lambert, J. S.—Galway Co.
i Leader, N. P.—Kilkenny Co.
Lefevre, C. S.—Hampshire
. Lemon, Sir C.—Cornwall
Lennox, Lerd W.—King'sLynti
Lennox, Lord J. G.—Sussex
Lennox, Lord A.—Chichester
Lushington, Dr.—llchester
Macaulay, I'. B.—Caine
Mayhew, W.—Colchester
Mills, J.—Rochester
:Mullins, F. W.—Co. of Kerry
Musgrave, Sir R.—Waterford Co.
O'Connell, D.—Co. of Kerry
Pelham, J. C.—Shropshire
Pendarves, E. W.—Cornwall
Penleaze, J. S.—Southampton
Petre, K—llchester
Phillips, Sir R..B.—Haverfordw.
Phillips, C. M.—Leicestershlre
Protheroe, E.—Bristol
Prvse, P.—Cardigan
•Riiier, T.—Kent
Ruthven, 11 S.—Downpatrick
Sanford, E. A.—Somersetshire
Skipwith, Sir G.—Warwicksh.
Spencer, Hon. F.—Worcesters h.
Stewart, C.—Penryn
Strickland, G.—Yorkshire
Tennyson, Right Hon. C.—
Stamford

Thicknesse, R.—Wigan
Throckmorton, R.—Berkshire
Tomes, J.—Warwick
Vernon, G. J.—Derbyshire
Vincent, Sir F.—St. Alban's
Walker, C. A.—Wexford
Warburton, H.—Bridport
Webb, E.—Gloucester
Wellesley, W. T. L.—Essex
Whitmore, W.—Bridgenorth
Wilbraham, G.—Cheshire
Wilks, J.—Boston
Williams, Sir J. H.—Carmarth.

TELLPRS.
Buxton, T. F.—Weymouth, &c.
Wilde, T.—Newark

JUNIUS BRUTUS TO EARL GREY.

Justum et tenaceiri propositi virum,
Non civium ardor prava jubentinna
Non vultus instantis tyranni
Quatit
Stern model of the antique Roman ! well
Mast thou flilllll'd thy duty; thou bait stood
Against corruption, which, like a full flood,
Had else for ever buried where they fell
The ancient landmarks of our freedom ! Oh,
]low bast thou torn the mask from those who know,
And feel what they are sunk to men who will
Cling on to old abuses—pander ►till
Their very souls for place, and who prevailed
A moment, a brief moment, but to prove
That he who stands arm'd in the people's love,
Rises invulnerable when assailed.
What marvel? his integrity's his shield :
How strong is now the sceptre shou dust wield
Of popular opinion ! Thy foes have
Yielded thy seat, which rises on their grave;
But is this triumph only thy reward ?
Hark, how the answering nation cloth rejoice ;
They call on thee with one united voice,
To ratify their freedom; to record
Their rights by nature sanctified and God!

LONDON,
SATURDAY EVENING, MAY 26, 1832.

A Cabinet Council is summoned at the Fo
reign-office at 4 o'clock this afternoon.

In the House of Lords, last night, the Mar-
quess of LONDONDERRY again asserted his
claim to be the representative of the supremely
ridiculous. During the last week his Lordship
has had many competitors for this high honour.
The jealousy of those emulous Peers—CAR-
NA RVON,WINCIIILSEA, KENYON, and RODEN,
have placed his Lordship's claims in con-
siderable jeopardy during the past week; but
he last night distanced them all in the
proud struggle for preeminence in absurdity,
and now reigns indisputably without a
rival. It is a great blessing that the House of
Lords possesses a member so capable of reliev-
ing the dulness of debate, by ebullitions of folly
which Momus himself might almost despair of
equalling. The very voice of the Gallant Mar-
quis is a joke ; his look (when in a passion) the
perfection of whimsical extravagance. But who
shall do justice to the versatile powers of his
intellect—of that intellect so richly stored with
thought, so lavish of the graces of imagery, so
replete with fun, frenzy, profound sagacity, and
attic badinage, and blending the lofty wisdom of
BURKE with the classic salt of SHERIDAN ?
Verily, the Noble Lord is a jewel of a Marquiss,
whether he clothe himself " in enibuo"—as he
talked of doing the other evening, thereby, we
presume, delicately alluding to the possibility
of his exhibiting himself in pulls naturalibus—
concoct prologues for the Wynyard Park festivi-
ties, or thrust himself forward in the House of
Peers as the proud champion of Ultra-Toryism.
In each and every situatio❑ in which the Noble
Marquiss's inventive and exuberant genius may
place him, he stands confessedly preeminent.
What, for instance, can be more original than the
quality of his last night's exhibition ? He comes
forward with a speech delivered at a provincial

Reform Meeting, and after boldly pronouncing
it to be treason of the very deepest and blackest
die, gravely asks the Noble Earl at the head of
the Government, who, from the nature of his
office, is not, and cannot be, otherwise than the
sworn guardian of the Constitution, whether he
approves the doctrines of the speech in question,
taking it for granted that he must, because a
friend of the Noble Earl's happened to be Chair-
man of the meeting. Well might logic like this

throw Lord GODERICII into hysterics, and dis-
compose even the meek forbearance of that
Learned Peer, to whose sweetness and suavity
of temper, to whose perfect freedom from spleen
and petulance, when Chief Justice of the Com-
mon Pleas, Sergeant WILDE can bear such un-
deviating, such triumphant testimony

Lord WYNFORD was indeed fearfully dis-
composed by the treasonable sentiments de-
nounced by the Noble Marquess, so much so, as
to be driven to the necessity of declaring that he
would never accept the office of Judge from
the Noble Earl at the head of the Administra-
tion." Calamitous declaration ! Still, we
hope, it may be borne. England, that has
weathered so many storms of late, will not surely

sink under this additional shock. No—she wil.
bear her disappointment nobly and in silence.
We need scarcely pause to inform our reader:-
of the nature of Lord GREY'S reply to the Mar-
quess of LONDONDERRY. It was temperate,
firm, and dignified, as was to have been expected,
and closed a discussion which none but the
Gallant Marquess—(of whose freaks, by the by
we are passionately fond, inasmuch as they are
blunders rather of the head than of the heart,
and always cause us prodigious laughter)—would
have dreamed of bringing forward.
The House afterwards proceeded to the dis-
cussion of the Reform Bill, which made, as on

the previous evenings, the most satisfactory pro-
gress. Nothing now remains but Schedules A
and B, which will be taken into consideration
on 'Wednesday, so that, in a few days, we may
hope to congratulate the country on the Third
Reading of the English Reform Bill.

The second reading of the Irish Reform Bil
was decided last night in the House of Com,
mons by a majority in favour of Ministers o
116. The House then adjourned to Wednes.
day next.

An unusual press of matter prevents us no•
tieing the Berkshire County Meeting, which
took place yesterday, at the Town Hall, Abing-
don, and was attended by all the influential and
respectable gentry in the neighbourhood. The
High Sheriff of the county (T. M. GOODLAKE,
Esq.) was in the chair. Many excellent speeches
were made, particularly by Messrs. MONCK and
HALLETT.

The Algemeine Zeitung of the 20th inst.
has been received, but its pages are chiefly oc-
cupied with political dissensions in the Dutch
of Nassau, for which we have no space.

FASHIONABLE INTELLIGENCE.
