UNION-HALL.

Yesterday a decent-looking man, foreman to an
extensive boot-maker, in St. James's, was charged
with stealing several articles of dress belonging to
Mrs. Tetsall, landlady of the Flying Horse, Black-
man-street, Southwark. Complainant said, that at
ten minutes past one on the preceding day, the
prisoner came in, and asked permission to go into
the yard. She allowed him, and on his return he
thanked her. He had a carpet bag with him.
After his departure she missed a gown, petticoat,
chemise, and other articles, from the kitchen through
which he had passed. That morning she saw the
prisoner in Lant-street, and she charged him with
the robbery. He said she must be drunk, and was
going away, when she called " Stop thief I" and
gave him into custody. The witness was quite
sure prisoner was the man who robbed the house.
The defendant's employer now came forward, and
said that his servant could not have been guilty
of such a crime. He trusted him unlimitedly with
money, and he always acted in the most praise-
worthy manner. The preceding day he left St.
James's-street about twelve o'clock, to go to his
dinner. He had to call for several orders, and he
was back by two. It was proved that other per-
sons might have gone into the yard, and Mrs. Tet-
sail's servant admitted that her mistress had not
seen the things for three-quarters of an hour before
the suspected robber entered the house. When
she missed the things she asked the servant about
them.

Mr. MURRAY on this immediately discharged the
defendant, and said there was no imputation on his
character. Mrs. Tetsall must be mistaken.

The defendant complained sadly of the treatment
he had met with.

Mr. MURRAY said he could give him no redress.

THAMES- P 0 LICE.

Jane Smith, moving in a certain circle of society,
was charged with stealing some jewellery and other
property to a considerable amount, from Mr. Robert
Brock, a jeweller and silversmith, residing at No. 33,
Spencer-street, St. George's, Emit.
The prosecutor, a short elderly gentleman of grave
deportment, who reluctantly admitted that he was a
married man and had a family, stated, that on Friday
morning last, about six o'clock, he was on his return
home rather inebriated, having been out all night,
when he met with the prisoner in Ratcliff high-
way, and, after some conversation with her, he
walked with her to a house in Twine-court, Shad-
well. He hesitated to enter, but the wine in his
head got the better of his prudence, and he suffered
her to pull him into the house, where he remained
with her some time, and gave her money to get
something to drink. After she had brought in the
liquor and partaken of it, he was sitting on a chair,
and the prisoner got hold of him and put her hand in
his trousers-pocket, from which she took three
valuable gold studs, a gold wedding-ring, and a pair
of gold ear-rings. He saw them on her band, and
endeavoured to take them away from her, but she
would not give them up, and ran out of the house
with another girl, who was also present. Directly
afterwards he missed 61. Se. in money, a silver snuff•
box, and a cotton handkerchief, which were safe
when he enter(d the house; in fact he found the
young lady had completely emptied his pocket.
The same evening he again went into Ratcliff-high-
way, were he recognized the girls and gave them in
charge, but one of them made her escape.
Mr. BALLANTYNE was surprised that such an
elderly gentleman as the prosecutor should have acted
in such a way. He must expect chatisement from
his wife when she heard of this.

The prisoner was then committed for trial.
T OWN-HALL.

Two Irishmen, named Chambers and Desmond,
were charged under the following circumstances :
On Sunday last a funeral of an Irishwoman was
,to
have taken place in the churchyard of St. Olave s,
Southwark. The friends of the deceased, instead
of attending at the appointed hour, three o'clock,
were " waking the dead ' till five. They then pro-
ceeded with a number of the low Irish to the
church-yard, when the sexton told them they were
too late. The mob insisted that the funeral should
tuke place, and the sexton at last went to get the
keys of the church-yard gates. During his absence
the mob tore down the massive iron gates, and the
undertaker's men and the mob, notwithstanding the
majority were much intoxicattd, managed to cast the
coffin into the grave. The sexton now thought they
would leave the ground ; but no—they said they
would stop and wake the deceased again. The new
police then arrived and succeeded in ejecting them.
The prisoners were the most active in these pro-
ceedings, and they severely beat some of the police.
They were fully committed for the outage.

A dutiful and loyal address has been sent by
the Council of the Bsth Political Union to his AiAntirry,
expressive of the fidelity of the Union, and congratulatory
of his MAJESTY'S escapa from the base and malicious at.
tack on his illustrious person, at the last Ascot-heath
races,—Boall Journal...

Wm. Crow, needle-scourer, deposed—the de-
ceased has lived with me near seven years; she has
conducted herself very properly during that time.
He then proceeded to say, hearing the alarm, I went
into deceased's room, and saw her lying on the
bed; she appeared in desperate agonies, and way
frothing at the mouth; she was rolling about the
bed with her hands clasped and throwing them
about; I took her up and held her till assistance
was called in; she was sick several times ; she
opened he,r eyes and said, loose me, master. sihe
has kept company with Merry some years.
Thomas Taylor, Esq., surgeon, of Birmingham,
having diligently examined the stomach and its con-
tents, and not discovering a particle of poison, his
opinion was that the deceased had died of inflArn-
mation of the stomach. In describing the appear-
ance of the other parts of the body, Mr. Taylor
stated, it was quite evident the deceased had been
with child five or six months.

The Jury returned the following verdict, in which,
we understand, they were unanimous :—" That the
death of Ann Fowler was caused by violent infl4m-
matiou in the stomach, arising from natnral rause%
and from no violent ways or means whatever, to the
knowledge of this Jary."

" Much curiosity is excited in the higher cir-
cles, by the appearance of the N-vt Novel Fitz-George,'
which is, we understand, a faithful expot.e of the wanton
profligacy of the late reign, and the c.,nduct of the prin-
cipal movers in that scene of vice and exclusiveness;' it
is evidently by a powerful and accustomed hand, and,
under existing circumstances, bids fair to be one of tbe
most popular Works of the season, not even excep.ing the
celebrated' Tour of a German Prince ;' had it, however,
been published during the reign of Toryism,' there is
little doubt but that a prosecution would have been the
consequence, as it abounds in biting sarcasms, by no means
palatable to ears polite."--Aforning Chronicle.

The inhabitants of Gloucester have signed an
address to his MAJVITT on the late attrocioua attempt at
♦scot. It was most numerously signed.

- -
The following Barristers have been appointed
by Mr. Justice TAUNTON to register Totes on the Western
Circuit pursuant to the Reform Bill :.—Mr. JEREMY,
Mr. SawaLL, Mr. KIN(LAKE, Mr. Gtrxtratt, of Bath,
Mr. MOODY, Mr. COCKHUAN, Mr. COVENTRY, Mr. GA..
SELILE, Mr. Graves, and Mr. BINGHAM. It is said that
he will appoint two more, on whom be has not yet fixed.
Their respective stations have not bee❑ as yet ass,gned to
them.

A granite column, it is said, is about to be
erected in the metropolis, in honour of Reform, and for
which the Haytor Company has offered to furnish 01141 en-
tire block, 10 feet square, and 90 feet high.
THE HAY HARVZST.—The alteration we
have recently had of hot and rainy with hot and dry wea-
ther, has bee■ attended with a surprisingly beneficial
effect on the grasses. The oldest agriculturists in this
nei4bbourhood say they have never, within the extent of
their experience, witnessed so rapid a growth of trava, as
has taken place within the last fortnight. 013 Monday last
several fields of full grown and luxuriant grass were cut
in the neighbourhoods of Blackley, Middleton, and Rock..
dale.—Manchester Guardian.

The Westminster Sessions will commence on
Thursday, the Middlesex Sessions on Monday, the South-
wark Sessions on the genie day, the Surrey Sessions this
day week at Guildford, the London Sessions to-morrow
se'nnight, the Old Bailey Sessions nu Thursday, the hth
of July, and the Tower Hamlet Sessions on the same day.
TITHES ! TITHRS ! TITHES !—Our Long-
rord correspondent mentions that a tithe sale took place at
Balhalee on the 19th instant—it was attended by 90,000
individuals. A second sale was to have taken place on
the 19th, but as the cow that was seised was net forth-
coming, it ended in nothing. A third sale is to come on
upon the 29th, and as great excitement prevails in tiviit
part of the country, our correspondent is apprehensirie of
had consequences. In Cork and in Kerry, where seizures
have been made in the course of this week, Is no sales
cool l be effected, the cattle were returned te, their owners.
At Compile, in the county of Wexford, there was a meet-
ing against tithes on Wednesday last, which was attended
by 10,000 persons,—Dublin liformisig Register.

According to a late statement of the Mora•
vians, the total number of the brethren scattered over the
whole earth, amounts to no more th at about 16,000 ;
nevertheless, they keep up 127 raissiokary establishments
Among the heathens, at an expense of more than 9,0001.
per ennu►n.—..4thenteuni.

EDINDURGII FREEHOLDERS.—The " first"
of election squibs has commenced in this city. A 1,':11 has
been pasted on the streets, calling upon the *free sAI inde-
pendent electors of Edinburgh to come forward and sup-
port, as one of their candidates, no less a personage than a
respectable journeyman hatter ! ! Should the gentleman
proposed enter the lists with only R, A. Downss far his
opponent, we would bet 10 to on his triurnplaint re-
turn ; hut, as the ease stands at present, we believe kis
influence over the electors is scarcely Alt.—Scotsman.
ARBROATH,....-Cholera morhus, during the
past week, broke out amongst us. Up to Tuesday night,
tilteeta cases of the severest kind had been reported, arid a
few more suspected, No deaths, however, have ac yet
'teen announced, nor in any ease have the medical atten-
dants thought fit to remove the patients to their hoepital.
Contrary to the general rule, the morbes is wholly con-
fined to the higher classes.—Scotsman.
On Saturday week Mrs. AYRE, widow of the
late Mr. AY RR, a respectable ship-master at Lynn, spread
some arsenic on some bread and hatter, and placed it in a
closet, for the purpose of destroying mice. Her only
end
rand ro-
c,uhrivldi,veadliottnileybaoyfewahokunturtha.r—eemye7arrfsoolkld,Cahtreotnhicelpcoison,
are
manTtihee.itluoavteiorns,,,offaradfvreornntutrhee sbusy htirai.nti4geof
about to be gratified by the narrative of Captain Slug-
Z R'S " Excursions to The,author proceeded
from Calcutta theaugh the Sun4erbvarls to Dinapore,
visited the once-famous city of Delhi, Meerut, and other
,daces ; and, crossing the ilitnalaya Mountains, arrived at
he sources of the Janina and the Ganged. His voyag.r of
1,200 miles up the latter river in mill twat..., while
equally surprising with the adventures of Mr. Roes Cox,
vas attended with considerable loss of li e. It shows,
ion-ever, what may he effected by British courage, energy,
d perseverance. Wherever any portion of toe globe has
' teen left untravereed, some daring individual, it appears,
s never wanting to explore it, notwithstanding the clan-
ers and difficulties innumerable that stare him in the face
and that individual is generally found to be an Enilishanot,

TITE RIGHTS OF THE POLISH PRO-
VINCES INCORPORATED WITH RUSSIA.

BY A nEMEIIIi OF THE POLISH DIET.
The Manifesto of the Polish Diet of the 20th
December, 1830, has unveiled to the' world the
horrors exercised by the Russian Government
in respect to Poland, and the violations of ;the
Constitutional Charter given by the Emperor
Alexander in the year 1815 to the kingdom of
Poland, -which had a right, according to the
tenour of the treaty of Vienna, to enjoy the stain
quo
of its Constitution of 1807, which secured
to the Pules greater advantages than that of
1815. At length, after fifteen years of perse-
cution and slavery, four millions of Poles took
up arms in the most legitimate and noblest of
revolutions. Very soon it spread into the Po-
lognese provinces incorporated with Russia,
upon which the Muscovite yoke pressed still
more heavily, and from that moment the cause
of the kingdom was that of the provinces, and
every where the same efforts—the same devo-
tion—the same sacrifices distinguished the Poles.
This identity of wishes and efforts was sanctioned
by the Polish Diet, which, after so many years
of absence, had the satisfaction of receiving into
its bosom the representatives of the Polish pro-
vinces incorporated with Russia, which had
revolted for the purpose of forming one undi-
vided free and independent Poland. And if the
revolution of the kingdom of Poland be legalized
by fifteen years of the grossest violations of the
Constitution, which was its sole and only bond
of connexion with the empire of Russia, the
revolution of the Polish provinces incorporated
with Russia was still more lawful. For while
the kingdom, notwithstanding the great abuses
practised by the Russian Government, enjoyed
a portion of those advantages which the treaty
of Vienna, unjust as it was, secured to Poland,
the Polish provinces incorporated with Russia,
instead of enjoying an extension of their national
privileges guaranteed to them by the same
treaty, were despoiled of those which they pos-
sessed before the treaty of Vienna, as the fol-
lowing facts will prove :
The first article of the treaty of Vienna says—
" The Poles, subjects respectively of Russia,
Austria, and Prussia, will obtain a representa-
tion and national institutions, regulated accord-
ing to that form of political existence, which the
Governments on which they are dependent shall
deem it useful and proper to grant."
It is then indisputable that the treaty of
Vienna guaranteed to the Polish provinces a
representation and national institutions. And
if the clause which is joined to it appears in any
degree to weaken the interests of the Polish
provinces, it does not destroy their rights ; for
if it gives, on one side, the power of modifying
the Government of those provinces to the Em-
peror of Russia, it obliges him, on the other, to
grant them national institutions and a represen-
tation. The obligation is then as formal as it
ought to be inviolate.
What were then tile national institutions and
the representation guaranteed to the Polish pro-
vince; by tie treaty of Vienna ? The govern-
ments of \Vilna, of Grodno, of Witepsk, cf Mo-
hilow, of Minsk, of Volhynia, of Podolia, of the
Ukraine, of Biatystok, which constitute those
provinces, have they enjoyed the advantages
promised? Not only did they not receive a re-
presentation and national institutions, but they
were even deprived of their language, religion,
and the national usages, their separate legisla-
tion, and system of public education which they
had enjoyed previously to the treaty of Vienna.
It was thus that the Emperor Alexander fulfilled
his solemn promises, made in the year 1818 to
the Members of the Diet of the kingdom of
Poland, when he said, " It is my wish to extend
to my other subjects a participation in the ad-
vantages which I have bestowed upon your
country."
To expose the numerous grievances of those
Polish provinces, it is sufficient to glance at the
policy which the Rucsian Government adopted
with regard to them. The perfect identity of
the Poles of those provinces with those of the
kingdom of Poland—the same language—the
same religion—the same love of liberty and in-
dependence—the recollection of their ancient
state—their nationality carefully cherished—their
immense local resources—the great extent of
territory—a geographical position more favour-
able than that of the kingdom—a population of
more than nine millions of inhabitants—rendered
Russia jealous of this principal part of Poland ;
and as she neither respects justice nor the rights
of nations, when her own interests are concerned,
she found no other alternative, in her ambitious
views, but the complete destruction of the
nationality of those provinces, and their perfect
assimilation with Russia. Such has been the
tendency of her efforts ever since the reign of
the intriguing and victorious Catherine, and the
liberticide project is, in our own day; consum-
mated by the annihilation of all Poland. This
project was persevered in by Russia, with the
cunning and dexterity which always accompany
her criminal stratagems. She chastised with one
hand and caressed with the other, and while she
called herself the protectress of Polish nation•
ality she was preparing to strike a deadly blow.
The history of the misfortunes of those Polish
provinces is that of martyrdom—it surpasses all
that the evil genius of the human mind can in-
vent. Let us examine the principal facts, which
will prove how Russia mocked the obligations
which the treaty of Vienna had imposed upon
her, and the execution of which she had
guaranteed.
Tne Polish provinces taken away by Russia
possessed, until the period of the Congress of
Vienna, a separate legislation, named the Statute
of Liteutski—the right of electing their judges
and their chiefs of districts, designsted under
the name of marshals, and certain commercial
advantages distinct from those of Russia—publi-
city of procedure in their civil affairs, the free use
of their Polish language, and the unrestricted
exercise of their religion. The treaty of Vienna
(fatal conspiracy of sovereigns against the
people) occurred. Some years elapsed under
the spurious liberality of the Russian Govern-
ment, which only assumed this hypocritical
mask, in order the more easily to strike its victims.
Thus it soon sacrificed to its despotism the rights
of the Polish provinces, which it even despoiled
of the national privileges which they possessed
before the Congress of Vienna.
Ist—The Lithuanian Code (the Statute
Litewski) and the publicity of the Courts of Jus-
tice, were abolished.

2,lly—The Russian language was introduced
into all that related to Government.
idly.—The best schools were closed, under
pretence of a too liberal spirit among the pupils.
4thly—The inquisitorial system was intro-
duced in civil proceedings, as well as in the
book of the ukases and of monopoly.
sthly—All the national relations of Govern-
ment between different parts of the same pro-
vinces were destroyed, and the centre of opera-
tion established at St. Petersburgh.
Cady—Espionage and the grossest venality

were patronized by Government, which preferred
being plundered, rather than afford an adequate
remuneration to the civil and military autho.
rities.

7thly—The greatest intolerance was exercised
towards the Catholic religion, and the " Greek
Unique" (which is only a branch of Catho-
licism), which the Government by its persecu-
tions wished to change and to render schismatic,
and which it-has already partially effected by the
ukase which prohibits any new installation of
Ecclesiastics in the Greek " Unique" system of
worship.
Stilly—The enjoyment of the rights of the
citizen can only be gained by military service.
9thly—Thousands of victims suspected of
patriotism crowded the prisons, on the solitary
denunciation of a spy, and were sent to work on
the fortresses, or condemned to the service of
private soldiers in regiments at a distance from
Itussia—banished to Siberia, or doomed to hard
labour in the mines of Irkusk, Tobolsk, or
Nercynsk.
It was thus that in the year 1826 more than a
hundred of the most distinguished pupils of the
University of %Vilna—of the Lyceum of Krze-
mieniec—of the schools of Krozc—of Ssvislocz
—of Kieydany—were torn from the bosom of
their families, and dispersed into the distant
provinces of the vast empire, without ever being
able to ascertain the place of abode of many of
them.

10thly—The Russian military system was
exercised with such great cruelty that the recruits
in chains, with their hair cut off, that they might
be the more easily recognised, were driven to
commit suicide, or to maim themselves in order
to escape 2.5 years of the most horrible service.
1 lthly—The servile and barbarous punish-
ment of the knout was introduced (probably as
a bond of sympathy between the Russians and
the Poles).
12thly—A corps, under the designation of
the " Lithuanian Corps" was organized, but
composed wholly of Russians, as if in derision ;
the political design of the Government of Russia
was that of concealing with this mask the anti-
national measures of Russia with respect to
Lithuania and the other provinces.
13th1y—The usages of the civil tribunals were
forbidden in cases of political offences, which
were tried by special inquisitorial commissions,
composed of hired agents of the Government,
and of the vilest spies, who, having their decrees
prepared before interrogation, extorted from pre-
judged persons, by the most infamous proceed-
ings, their signature and their confessions of
crime which they had never committed. It is
in this way the greater number of persons ac-
cused of political offences are tried.
_ . _ _

14thly—Martial-law was exercised in those
provinces by the Grand Duke Constantine for
the space of ten years ; who, under the autho-
rity of the Emperor Alexander, called the mag-
nanimous, there exercised a system of terror that
made him the greatest scourge of those provinces,
and would be so still if death had not delivered
Poland from that monster.

15thly—The greater number of the public
functionaries were sent from Russia to coun-
tenance the greatest abu,es.
Such was the fate of Lithuania and of the
other provinces incorporated with Russia, until
the moment that the Polish revolution broke out
—such was the representation—such the 'na-
tional institutions guaranteed by the treaty of
Vienna in those provinces—such were the means
taken to " regulate them according to the form
of the political existence which the Russian Go-
vernment thought it useful and expedient to
grant to them." Such was the bad faith of the
Russian Cabinet, and the motives which deter-
mined the provinces to make common cause
with the kingdom of Poland—a revolution
which would have produced the most brilliant
results had it not been for the hypocritical pro-
mises of the French Government, which denied
Poland in her evil days—which betrayed her in-
terests—which exhibited a total forgetfulness of
benefits received instead of a sense of grati-
tude—which stung, with a truly diabolical
satisfaction, the generous feelings of the Mo-
narch, in announcing the passage of the Vistula
by the Russians—which had the atrocious im-
pudence to address, with perfidious condolence,
to the Chamber of Deputies, these words,
stained with blood, which will recoil upon the
authors of the massacre of Poland—" Order
reigns in Warsaw !" Yes, it is the " order" of
the tomb, the silence of the grave. Here we see
the source of the miseries of Poland. If it were
not for the perfidy of the French Government,
and the intervention of Prussia, Poland would
still exist. The Muscovite hordes would have
been driven back in crowds upon their deserts,
and Europe delivered from the political scourge
which menaces her. Now that Poland is sacri-
ficed—that the crime of liberticide has been
consummated—that so much blood has been
shed in vain—that under the hands of the Van-
dals everything is about to perish—religion,
morals, civilization, industry—that an entire
nation is about to be exterminated—that Poland
will be soon peopled with Russians, and Russia
with Poles—that the last traces of nationality
are annihilated—that the powerful barrier be-
tween despotism and liberty is destroyed—that
the Autocrat reigns over the ruins and the life-
less body of a heroic people—that Russia has
trampled under foot the engagements which
she herself contracted—that the wreck of a
nation, escaped from the horrors prepared
for them by the conqueror, wander in all parts
of the world, deprived of their families, their rank
and fortune—what remains to be done by the
Powers that signed the Treaty of Vienna, and
especially England and France ? It is to insist
upon the restoration of the zehole of Poland
which took part in the last revolution—that is
to say, of the kingdom of Poland, and of the
Polish provinces incorporated with Russia—to
strictly enforce the rights which all those pro-
vinces have to a free and independent existence
—to secure to a nation which so well deserves
to be free, and which has proved, in its last
struggle, the power of its moral force, and the
indissoluble tie which exists between all its parts,
and which the separation of half a century, and
the most atrocious persecutions, have not been
able to destroy.
In reality, what guarantee can Englano and
France have, in case of the restoration of the
kingdom of Poland, if they should decide upon
giving effect to the treaty of Vienna ? What
guarantee can they have of the inviolability of
rights granted by this treaty to the Polish pro-
vinces ? The bad faith of the Russian Cabinet
is too well known for them to be deceived a
second time, and as it has violated the treaty of
Vienna, it is ready to violate any new promises.
Now—it belongs to the justice, the dignity, and
even the interests of Great Britain and France,
to arrest the strides of the Russian giant—to
expiate the crime of the partition of Poland,
sacrificed by the political and narrow views of
some ambitious individuals, to interests un-
worthy a free people. Without the restoration

of the country of 13 ►pillions of Poles, groaning
once more under the yoke of Russia) • napeace
can be consolidated in Europe. . There will be
no bridle for the ambition and iiisolence of tl'e
Muscovite. It is because we wish for peace that
we desire to arrest the progressive march of
Russia, which, if suffered to proceed, God
only knows where she will stop. She will,
perhaps, even realize the project of the Em-
peror Paul—profiting by her conquests in
Persia, she will despoil Great Britain of
her oriental dominions. No. The people of
Great Britain will not suffer themselves to be in-
sulted by means of a treaty trodden under foot,
and by the menaces of Russia. They feel the
grossness of the insult—they are convinced of
the rights of the Polish people—they will de-
mand that justice shall be done by the interven-
tion of their Government, which, emanating
from their own will, and penetrated with a sense
of the dearest interests of the national dignity,
will never allow itself to be humiliated by a
despot.

A MEMBER OF THE POLISH DIET.
London, June 26.

REFORM.—We believe it has hitherto escaped
the notice or the Press, that the Reform Bill bears the
number " 45," (11. 'WIO. 4, chap. 45), the figures for
some years identified with " Wilkes and Liberty."
DRAMATIC STORIES.—Mr. THOMAS AR-
NOLD is about to publish, under the above title, a series of
stories of various countries, which are likely to prove un-
usually attractive, from their dramatic power and mode of
narration. The scene of the principal tale (Godwin and
Goda) is laid at that period of our history, when the
Saxons were involved in the most obstinate and bloody
struggles with their Danish invaders. " Alberic and God-
less," " The Impostor," and " Schelinkind,"—severally
said to be German romances of extraordinary merit—
" Leonessa," an Italian tale, " Life in Death," and " The
Conscript and his Dog," both French stories of singular
beauty, are, we have heard, the titles of the remaining
stories of Mr. ARNOLD'S volumes.

SILK TRADE OF MANCHESTER.—It af-
fords us much pleasure to notice the improving state of
this branch of Lancashire manufacture. This branch of
manufacture is attaining a high degree of pt rfection, and
we hope a foundation is now laid for the greater encou-
ragement of our home trade in this particular department,
for there can be no doubt that a prejudice in favour of
foreign goods has at times been evinced to a degree inju-
riou, to the interests of our own manufacture.—Man-
cheater Courier.

The Hon. Mrs.NORTON's editorial influence
has, we understand, been the means of obtainini from
Members of both Houses of Parliament several very at-
tractive papers for the forthcoming number of the Court
Magazine and Belle Assemblje. The names of Miss
FANNY KEMBLE, Lord NUGENT, SHERIDAN KNOWLES,
APFAELANE, Roscoe, and other distinguished writers are
also in the list of contributors ; and two original articles
by Mrs. NORTON herself will appear, entitled " The
Lament of the Poet Savage" and " The Coquette," a tale
in prose.

The Duke and Duchess of BUCCLEUCH are
about to give a splendid dejeuue to their MAJESTIES and
the Royal family, at their beautiful villa, above Richmond-
bridge. The day is, we understand, not yet fixed for the
entertainment, but it is expected that it will take place
ear:), in the ensuing month, on the same iwale of splen lour
as that given by their Graces to the KING and QUEEN
last season.

WHITEFEET.—There were eight men brought
prisoners into this town on Wednesday last, charged with
being Whiteteet, escorted by a strong party of the military
and police. These unfortunate men are mostly all allied
to each other, and among the rest, there is a father and
two sons, both the latter are very young. The saying of
a certain stipendiary magistrate some time ago, seems in
some nn asure about being verified, namely, " that he
would leave the Queen's County so thinly inhabited that
the labourers would get 4s. a day."— Carlow Sentinel.
THE HIGHLAND SMUGGLERS.-- This
forthcoming Work by the author of " The Kuzzilbash,"
is said to be strictly a highland tile, descriptive partly, as
its title intports, of the habits and manners of a class of
people, who not long ago abounded throughout the high-
lands; and who, in spite of every attempt at control and
legislative enactment on the part of novernment, are still
to be found there. Born in the country he is about to de-
scribe, Mr. FRASER portrays only what he has seen and
what he knows. The truth of his pictures will no doubt
be recognised by many sons and daughters of the " land of
the mountain and the flood."

SIR JOSEPH SURFACE.-Of PEEL himself
little need now be said. The only meritorious act of his
public life was, on his part, a great political blunder, and
he plagiarised, from others, the few emendations of the
criminal code on which his friends are accustomed to laud.
He has coquetted with all parties and principles, but fol-
lowed none further than it suited his temporary conve-
nience ; now Anti-Catholic, now Pro-Catholic, now for
commercial restrictions, and now for free trade ; now
disclaiming in favour of all cur ancient institutions, and
now sweeping away rotten, musty, obsolete statutes by
five score at a time; now thepet and pillar of the Church,
now lending a hand to remove her landmarks ; now
fiercely intolerant, and now co.-operating to destroy the
penal code and the Corporation and Test Acts ; liberal
to-day, anti-liberal to-morrow ; always professing candour
but never sincere, and often calling out " Stop thief,"
when stolen goods might have been found in his own
pocket. Yet this man has cut the Duke of WELLING-
TON, and set up in trade fur himself, hoping by dint of
slipperiness and dexterity to thrust himself into office
through some interstice or loophole which may have been
insecure in the confidence of strength.—Caledonian
Mercury.

About four o'clock in the afternoon of 'Wed-
nesday, the wife of Mr. JOHN CIIISHOLM, merchant,
South-street, Perth, was found in a back part of his shop
lifeless. Not more than an hour previous to the dis-
covery, she was seen in the shop in her ordinary health.
The circumstance was generally, in tile course of the
evening, and most of the succeeding day, talked of plain-
tively, as an affecting instance of sudden death and the re-
markable uncertainty of human life. On the evening of
Thursday, however, the report of other circumstances of a
more ominous and unusual character reached the Procu-
rator Fiscal, who immediately ordered a professional ex-
amination of the body of the deceased. The corpse was,
for that purpose, removed from the coffin into which it
had been closed, preparatory to interment. The inspec-
tion, we understand, left no doubt upon the minds of the
!relies] gentlemen that the woman had met with a violent
death. The manner in which it is rumoured tile violence
had been fatally exerted, is too barbarous and indelicate
for public disclosure. At twelve o'clock o❑ Thursday
night, shortly after the examination of the body, Mr.
CHISHOLM was conveyed by two sheriff's officers from his
house to an apartment of the criminal gaol, where he has
since been detained. The judicial investigation of this
sad affair is not yet concluded. Mr. Ciiishoim is up-
wards of 70 years of age, and has been during 40 years a
merchant in Perth. Property to a considerable value be-
longs to hina.—Dundee Advertiser.

MURDER ON THE HIGH SEAS.—A most
atrocious murder has been committed on the high seas.
Captain EVES, of the brig Matilda, bound from Liver-
pool to St. Thomas's, was brutally assaulted on the 10th
of April, when in lat 37. 42. N., long. 15. 46. W., by
RoßEar CHEMANES, the ship's carpenter. The man had
manlested feelings of insubordination for some days pre-
viously, declaring, on one or two occasions, not to obey
orders. On the day of the melancholy catastrophe, he did
not appear on deck, and the Captain ordered the mate to
ascertain the reason. He pleaded illness ; and Captain
Eves immediately went forward to ascertain his complaint,
and will going down the forecastle, found himself mur-
derously attacked by Citemases, who was armed with an
auze. The Captain received a desperate cut in his thigh,
which laid it bare to the bone. The whole was the
work of an instant. The mate and others were
down the ladder in a few seconds, and they found
the unfortunate master lying bathed in his blood.
The wretch was instantly disarmed and placed in irons,
and his victim languished in torments till the 15th,
when death terminated his sufferings. The command of
the vessel devolved upon the mate, PETER JouNsTeNE,
and he steered for Madeira, where, in consequence of the
unfavourable state of the weathe,tr,iihßeindGidz, in
nt aorrudievrettoillhathvee
17th.
He imtnediately went on board his Majesty's ship
the Stag, Captain Sir T. TRov
his directions respecting the removal of the murderer to
England. Sir THOMAS referred the znate to the English
Consul, but the Health Officer would not allow any com-
munication with the shore without bringing the vessel to
anchor; she in consequence proceeded to St. Thomas's,
with the prisoner on board in iruns,--Liverpool Advertiser.
