PARLIAMENT,

HOUSE OF COMMONS. MAncit 27.
IRISH SPIRITS.
On the motion of Mr. Cuntvgg, a return was ordered of the
number of Gallons of Spirits distilled in Ireland for the last
three years, % ith an Account of the rates of duty paid on
every description, and the total amount on each kind, for each
year.

OCA DT.
Sir JAMES GRA HA ML presUente Yd
a Petition from the
Parish of Mary-le-bone, Middlesex, praying for the removal
of the Tax on Coals. Ile seconded this prayer, as he thought
the the remission of this duty would be most beneficial to the
poor.
Mr. CUR WEN concurred in the opinion of his Honourable
Friend on this subject. The removal of this tax in Ireland
would be of great service, as there was in that country much
coal that would not bear the duty, but would serve the purposes
of fuel.

Colonel BAGWELL thanked the lion. Member for ad..
verting to Ireland, and begged to express his entire concur.
rence in his views.

Mr. PHILLIPS expressed a hope that Ministers would
early next Session devote their attention to this tax—the most
iniquitous in principle as he apprehended, inasmuch as it really
threatened the lives of the poor.
After a few worth from Sir Jomr NEWEOILT, Mr. F.
Lrwis' Mr. T.llirmsox, and Mr. LITTLETON, the petition
was read, laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
A similar petition was presented by the same lion. Beronet,
from the Parish of St. Pancras—Ordered to be printed.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT brought up the Report of the Irish
County Treasurers' Bill, which was ordered to be taken into
further consideration On the 14th April,
The Honourable Ballow ET also gave notice of a motion, to
render the First Fruits of Ireland available Revenue, on the
10th May.
A Rettirn was ordered relative to East India- Shipping, dis-
tingtushing those which traded to India or China.
Mr. T. COURTENAY brought in a ,Bill for the better
Maintenance of the Poor.—Read a first time, and ordered to
be read a second time on the 22d April.
The Hon. Member also brought in the Justices' Quorum
Bill.—Read a first time, and ordered fora second reading on
the 14th April.
Mr. LAMBTON presented a petition from Sunderland,
praying for the remission of the Duty on Coals.
Mr. it WARDO supported the prayer of the petition.
Ordered to be printed.'
The Scotch Steward-Courts Bill was read a first time, and
ordered far a second reading the 14th April.
'Mr. MASTERTON URE moved for a Return of the quan-
tity of Herrings and other Cured Fish exported from Great

jitritain to the West India Colonies, with the Amount of Bounty
on the same, for the last ten years—Ortiered.
On the motion of Mr. Buten, a Retain w.ks. ordered of the
amount of Duty paid, for the last year, on Raw and Thrown
Silk exported. • •

• . . SLAVERY. '
Sir ROBERT WILSON presentesj a petition from a certain
number of his Constituents, which be beg red to say would
have no doubt received the sanction of the whole of his Con-
stituents, had there been time before the adjournment of the
House. The petition related to the measure which the Hon,
Member for Bramber (Mr. Wilberforce) was about to bring
into the House, and which he' hoped he would live to see ope-,
rate, the benefit he intended by it. When .the liotiae cones.
dered that there were a million of. our fellow beings in the
West Indies who every morning were awakened at sun-rise by
the echoes of the whip, they Would not think the subject Unin-
teresting. He had been informed by a most respectable wit.
ness, Mr. Cooper, that he never saw a black in our West India
Colonies who did not bear marks of violence on his body. Be-
sides this, the parent was separated titan the child—the hus-
band (lons the wife. lie did hope,the.tiloverpment of this
~.cuuntry would see the propilety of` emancipating all these
,slates. It was scarcely to be supposed that in the year 1823
this should remain to be &infs. No sooner was the new Re-
public of Columbia cattablipheirtiont slivery was abolished—
those born in slavery were to, remain as apprentices to their
masters to the age of 18, and then purchased from them by a
. fund created by the accumulation of wages. But they had seen
;strange things in their itialo;-,they had seen an alliance of
-powerful men calling themselves . Holy," establishing a
'traffic in Minion flesh, hotel emancipation was ordered of our
own slaves;- foreigners never would believe we were sincere in
our tarofessions on the subject.
Mr. BRIGHT was of opitlion that the lion. Member for
Southwark, and many others in the House, were deceived on
this subject by the pamphlet from which ho had taken the
assertion, relative to the Negroes- being marked with the lash.
He wished tO„Pod there was none marked with the lash to be
found iii'our 4:kilo/lies; but this assertion was much nearer
falsehood than . truth. He would refer to that pamphlet itself
to prove that there was at least one good master in the West
Indies--oneWheiliad done every thmg that lay in his power
to alueliorato the condition of his unfortunate slaves. But
this Gentleman "who wrote the pamphlet went there as a
Missionary, and .the burden of his complaint was, that he
was net allowed to preaeh ' eleven times a year. Now
to all who knew aught of the case, it was clear that
preaching was not the 'proper mode of improving the
Negroes. One who
,wished to do that must live among
them, talk with them, learn their grievances, and their
deficiencies, and accommodate his remedies. He must not
make fanatics
_of them. The Honourable Member talked of
the example of Colombia ; 'but where was the analogy ? In
that State there were sixty thousand Blacks with a population
of two millions of Whites. Instead of holding up such an
example, let them look at some of the Spanish States,
where, however unappropriate to this Kingdom, the Catho-
lic religion had acted in a most exemplary: way ; the Mi-
nisters of that Religion bad taught its faith in these slaves—
it had baptized them, and even communicated to them the
blessings of the marriage institution. In these states there-
fore the slaves were prepared for emancipation ; but in our
neglected and degraded Colonies, had any pains been taken to
prepare them for such a change ? The progress of manners
must.be looked to in making such changes. The perusal of
the'diseussions which took place in that House on the subject,
would serve to teach the Whites their duty; and tend to bring
about that improvement which he most anxiously looked for.
ward to.•
Mr. Secretary CANNING rose to discourage a discusson
which could lead to no practical results, on a subject upon
' which none but practical results could be atonable to any
good.—( Hear, hear !) thit there was another ground for ab-
staining when it appeared, as it would upon rellexion appear,
that every such discussion as this tended to take away from
Parliament and the Executive, whose etitjr,is.iras to: %%MO
over this great subject, the (lattice ofthat httention to it being
attended with any effect. It was unnecessary for him, whose
whole parliamentary life, as well us during the period that his
Hon. Friend (Mr. Wilberforce) had employed to achieve his
triumph, had proved his sentiments to declare that lie enter-
tained no feelings in opposition to his Hon. Friend's project._...
But it was not by inflaming the passions of one set of men
against another, or attempting to make them the victims of
either liCy or passion, that a fair and useful change could be
effee .—(Hear, bear !)—The time, he said, was not far dis- ,
i tans en it must be brought before the country, in all its de-
tails, and all its aspects—at the same time that it was impossi-
blenot to see that a question involving the lives, property, and
feeling of individuals, must be treated with the utmost deli-
cacy. Under these circumstances lie anxiously submitted to
the House whether it was not expedient, riot to abstain from
presenting petitions from which the sense ofthe people might
lye gathered; but to abstain from enlarging and combating
facts, which whether more or less exaggerated, were of them-
selves sufficient to denitind • the early attention of Parliament
and the Government.—(Hear, hear !)
Mr. W. SMITH fully concurred in the views of the Right
Hon. Gentleman. He should not therefore have troubled the.
House but for the personal attack made by the lion. Member
for Bristol. For the species of talent which that lion. Gentle.
man hail giver) to the Dentiernan whoin he had noticed, lie gave
a direct and positive contradiction. lie wished the lion. Alen.
her, bethre he made the speech he had made, had looked into
the Parliamentary Annals of thirty-five years past, where" he
would have found the Members for Bristol using exactly the
same arguments not only against the abolition of the Slave
Tradi, but against any modification of it.
Mr. BRIGHT said, he never heard the person alluded to by
the lion. Member named before; he had only argued on the .
facts which came before him.
The petition was then teed, and laid on the table.
• CONFINED DEBTORS.
Mr. HUME gave notice of a. motion ftir the 18th of April,
for a Return of all Confined Debtors, anti sit persons contmed
for contempt of Court.

FOREIGN RELATIONS-ADJOURNMENT OF THE

MOUSE.

Mr. Secretary CANNINOmoved, that' the House. on its
rising adjourn to that day fortnight.
Lord A. HAMILTON rose, in consequence of the notice
het h
to state the grounds upon which he meant to
ov adjournment of the House be limited to Monday
eat tlhgaitve then ,
sennight. Ile, knew that a few days init:ht be considered as
u
nothing; but under the peculiar circumstances of that House,
of the country, and of Europe, he thought that all would con.-
' cur with hid-suggestion that the Adjournment should be pro.'
tracted as little as possible. From the opening of the Seaman;
the greatest anxiety had been shewn on the subject of the Fu.
reign relations of the country, and after the unexamplod for.
beanttice of that Howie, it appeared that the papers on that
subject were not to be presented to them before the 14th of
April. Thus it would Ira three weeks before they could have
any discussion, whilst all the interesting circumstances of this
case would remain unknown for that length of time. Ile
begged to observe that a motion for. Adjournment was a
fair Parliamentary opportunity to review the past course of
the Session. There was hardly one measure which had ori.
ginated with the Right Honourable Gentleman opposite,
which had not been previously proposed from his side of the
House. Ile referred particularly to the remission of taxation.
Thus his Majesty's Ministers stood in the aukward predica;•
tnent of' having recanted what they haul formerly profeased,.;.--
Again, with reference to Ireland, they had the merit of first
resisting what had been proposed to them, and afterwards of
adopting. He could not help thinking that the present state
of Spain, and of our situation with 'regard to that country, was
owing to the conduct of the Right lion. Gentlernau.opposite
towards the Holy Alliance, and must be regardett As a lett.„y
left to the. It by the Noble Lord late at the head of his Majesty's
Government. Many compliments had, in the course .of this
Session, been offered to the Right lion, Gentleman opposite
(Mr. Canning), but he begged to say that be had had no part
in those compliments. When the Right Hon. Gentleman, in
answer to a compliment offered him by the lion. Member for
'Westminster (Mr. Hobhouse) for his change of principles
and liberal 1
po icy, and that ,lie had derived his course of
conduct from a State Paper in his office, he -concluded
he. adverted to a Circular of his Noble. predecessor..
And he presumed it was that to which his Majesty al.
laded in his Speech. If it were so, than it appeared that
the present omq:roiltent was going on in the same path its
had drawn upon this country the odiurri of the world, Had
not the.htte Noble Lord, stood up in hitt place and justifiti
the intuition of Naples and Genoa P Had as was the conduct
of the French Government, which was no Atomizer or the
Holy Alliance it had been justified on the.course ptirsued
by this country, and the principleo promulgated by it. • lle

wished to know whether we were, or were not, a MeMber
of the Holy Alliance.' If not, in what character was our
Minister at the Congress of Verona ? Was he there as a party
to it, or admitted merely to view' its mysteries'? He wished
also to know whether this country was or was not pledged to
oppose the Buonapartean Family ?e-for it was impottant to
know this. It was not to be expected France would sub-
, mit to be g.overned in the way it had been for some time
, past, and if any internal commotion were to occur in that
, country, were we not to interfera ? France had excited
commotion in Spain; and had appointed tt-'Regency; and if
Spain, as was most probable, were „to. retort} the compile
ment, and appoint a Regency to govern Fresno in the
person of young Napoleon; he wanted to knOvi whether
the treaties we were under to France would oblige us to
take part. He believed France and Portugal were in a
state that hostilities might ensue—the Portuguese Ambassador
was about to leave Pans. Now then there was no doubt 'we
should be bound to defend Portugal, our ally ; and if so,
should we not be placed in the predicament of being tiblig7a to
act on both sides—to defend France against Spain, and Portu-
eget against France? Ile did not wish to anticipate the discus-
sion of the 14th of April, but he did hope the Hight Honour-
able Gentleman would acquaint them how this country stood
as regarded the Holy Alliance—that conspiracy of Kings
against the freedom of the world. He did not pretend to
have information enough to give an opinion as to whether
this country ought or ought not to take part in the 11630141 es
between,k ranee and Spain; but if he had been one of those
Gentlemen who had declared that we ought to take part with
Spain,. he would not have allowed so much time to pass with-
out bringing the house to a decided expression of opinion on
that subject; for he did think that a single declaration of this
country against the principles of the Holy Alliance would
have prevented the aggression on Spain. He assured the
Right Honourable Gentleman, that whatever compliments he
had received in that- House for a return to Liberal prin-
ciples, or whatever popularity he had aequiresl out of doors,
was only because it was supposed that hie conduct would fur.
nish rather a contrast to that of his prtalecessor. lie had ab-
stained from these eulogies till be saw that they were deserved.
He concurred in feeling and principle with those who advo-
cated a junction with • Spain ; but he had nut information
enough to determine whether it was prudent for this country in
its present state to take such a part. Ile feared, however, that
the conduct of our Government bad not been such as would
enable it to mark the invasion of Spain as an act of atrocity.
It had been incompatible with justice, or the 'freedom of the
world, and such as he feared had rather tended to give efl'ect to
the principles and conduct of the Holy Alliance than to dis-
countenance or check them. The Noble Lord concluded by
moving as an amendment, " That•the House at its, rising ad..
jouru to Monday the 7th April."
Mr. M'DONALD for one, could not acquiesce in the pro-
posed adjournment. On the contrary, he was on every ground
disposed to object to It. At the precise moment when a struggle
of unexampled interest was about to court:truce—a struggle
which, in truth, was to determine whether or not the words
" Independence of nations" should continue to exist in the vo-
cabulary of mankind—when such a struggle was about to open,
or, indeed, had already begun, for when a delicate Prince
his home togo through hail and snow, with what retinue of
carriages and horses he (Mr. III`Donald) knew not. in 'order
to put himself at the head of an army at' 70 or 80,000 .rtien to
advance with the avowed purpose of cutting the throats of the'
free neighbours of his country, to whom that country was
only hostile because they were tree: under such circumstances
it was not too much to say the struggle had already began.;
but at all events, when it was known that a great convulsion
was at hind, lie would ask if it did not scene extraordi-
nary that at such a moment it should b'e proposed to them
to close their doors and retire to their homes for a ftirtnight ?
What were the reasons that induced Ministers to propose
such an adjournment ? Was it on account of the length
of time which the House had sat, or was it becanse their'
labours had been so severe ? With respect to. the, time the
House had sat, twenty-nine or thirty dais; for an,seveitir
of the days when it was proposed that they should meet,
the House had not sat in consequence of their being all in-
sterlicient attendance. With respect to their labours, a few
Impatient questions excepted, it would be ditikeit to tint in
what they had consisted. The Chancellor of the Exchequer,
it was true, had brought forward his statement. Large este-
bliehments had been voted, and voted in consideration of our
Foriegn relations, alumet without debate. For the ways and
means of the country, the Chancellor Of the Exchequer had
taken an ettlactual mode of stopping their mouths by ennounte.
ing a surplus revenue of tive mmillion,, and by affording some
reWtation in those tarns which pressed meet severely on the
Incomes of Gentlemen. By these means he had silenced the
Country Gentlemen, who had threatened so much before the
commencement of the Session, what they would do after the
meeting of Parliament. It was now proposed that they should
go to repose themselves from their labours, almost before the
public were aware that they Lind begun. As far as voting.
money went; they certainly hail not been slack in their ,exer-
tions ; but every body knew, that money might be voted, with.
out much labour, and therefore, on this account, there were no
grounds for so long an adjournment. The fact was, the sound
of tiomething like good principles, from the opposite side of the
Howie, had had Amon paralysing effect ; so much so, that
his Noble Friend; the Member for-A"orkshire, had with much
reason declared on one occasion, that lie hardly knew where
he was. But the halcyon days of suspension Of opinion and of
confidence in Ministers, and so forth, must have un end, and
serious discussions must succeed. Now, however, it was
thought lit to send them :may like sehoOleboys' for their
Easter holidays. Why, when this was determined upon, had
they not been treated like school-boys in another respect?
Why had they not been provided with their holiday task ? If
they had been put In possession of those Papets which were goon
to he communicated, there might have been some reason for the
adjournment, tis he apprehended a fortnight would not more
than suffice to make the Members .of that House acquainted
with them. But at contrary course had been pursued. They
were told to go about their business, and when they returned nt
the end of a fortnight, then the Papers were to be communi,
cared. But for these Papers, he would say the world cared
little about them. However classical their composition, how,
ever exalted or romantic the sentements which they expressetl;
this was but too evident, that they had done nothing, absolutee
ly nothing, for the public good. England, in former days,
had been called the .‘ the arbitress of Nations." This distince
tion belonged to her no more, and it was clear? that front
the perusual ref the Negoeiatione, they must rise
indignant at
the course which had been pursued, or be want'y humiliated
by the resale. If the Right Honourable Gentleman spoke
till doomsday, he did not think he could get out of the dilemma
which suggested itself. Either the Right Honotirable Gentle,
man had exerted himself to preserve the peace of Europe at
Verona, or he bad not done so. It he had not done so there
was no man who could not call for punishrnent on him, for have
big tailed in his duty to his country and to mankind. Ile (Mr.
31Wonald) would then suppose that the Right Hon. Gent. had
exerted himself to oppose the projected war, which wits de..
nounced by nine-tenths of the French people, but favoured
by a handful of fanatics who pressed it torward to the ruin of
their nation, while their infirm Monarch was oinking to his
grave. Prussia was believed to discountenance the ware—
Austria was seen to recede front it. The Corsican Agent of
Russia at Paris alone favoured it. Ile lamented that those per..
sons who had so long been exiled from their cannery, and
whose restoration to the throne of Franc* effected at the ex-
'pence of so many millions to this country, had been regarded
as the pledge of lasting peace, should act such a part as
the Bourbons are now ahout to act. With them, it' the
Right Hon. Gentleman heti exerted himself, us he was willing
to believe Ili had, it was clear that the influence of England
had not been worth ii lien-bite. Her
.cilints to preserve the
peace of Europehad failed. Her arginnents had been whited,
her interference rejected, het authority laughed at. After this,
was it matter of surprise that half mankind should doubt our
sincerity in opposing the aggreesion of France? Ile thought no
time ought to he lost in making the plain truth icemen, though
at the expence of national pride, to prove that our honour,whieh ,
lie hoped remained to us, bad been preserved, but which
at present very grievouely, at the same time it must be
confessed very naturally doubted. One runiour was abreact,
that England having failed to engage the more powerful na.
thin to abstain frorn hostility, heti sought to prevail with the
weaker to yield to the pointed bayonent those constitutional
arrangements which ,had been mole for her internal Go-
remlent. lie wished he could sit any iodication front the
opposite side of the House that this was a calumny.—
W hen the .cannon of France. WAN directed against the Pyreneett,
;old the trumpet of war was sounded, it would better have be-
come Englandati advise the Spaniards to bury themselves un-
der the mina of their country, In the uneetud (but if unequal
the more glorious) struggle, than to submit to dlebonour. This
eountry was the last which ought to have given the advice int-

. puted to her—a country Which owed evOry, thing to its resist...
epee of oppressien, arid which had gont•ehtlistintid lengthof
, cashiering a King to preserve its libeetieS. No titan cOuld look
at the enormous debt of 800,990,0004 which had been ineuried,
, by 'this century (five-sixths of it in putting .down and inter
, t totitlg elie Bourbons) without wishing that we might be spaieed
, the bliarge of a new war as long as possible. But a h attired
circinnetances must arise, of each of which it would be rite
cessary to come to a separate 'resoltition, Any one of Which
might
.defeat this wish. Could England; for• instance, endoite
than the t !Wel of the Bourbons as, the French King had beeil
called hi,ltis Ministers, should hold pessession of Spain? Could
she submit that her commerce should.be impeded by Rosaian
and Frerichileete blockading the ports of Spain •se Tnen 'there
was the case of Portugal—of Portugal, our ancient- ally—but
to touch on this subject would lead him into discussion of
great delicacy, and he therefore checked himself. Front the
answers given to questions which had beeat•put in the course of
the last two evenings, it was understood thet this country
might be calledttexin to take up arms with the Holy A thence'
to oppoee the retuenof ene family to the throne of France,
seal it teerevoliationeetenstirseernent,-with another object in. view,
stiould occur, the Allies-were then to bi called upon to consult
' with each other. That was, unless he read the treety wrong.-to
consult whether they should not heve.retourseto melee. In the Ise
piece we. were bound to oppose by arms the return of any of the
Buonapartean Dynasty to the throne of France, and the 2d, to
communicate with our Allies, and consult with them orfany
other 'revolutionery occurrence which might take piece. Ito
contended that the stipulations regarding the family of the Duo-
imputes were solely directed against the Chief of Mat femily.—
There was nothing in them that extended to events which ought
occur after his demise. The object was to guard apieseebe
consequences of his personal wint,of good faith, and to pre-
vent his son being. put forward as a ptippet under the direce
tion of Napoleon hilneelf. notlung in the provisitme
of the treaties of Chaumont or Vienna which could be supposed
to survive the object of Oicm, and extend• i;tneratioe
to
generation. Ile therefore art:tied that : the engagements in
question were now abrogated' arid dissolved.,, show the
real objects of those stipulationa ho referred to ' the
worth of a dispatch before the House which described
them to have been devimed, first for the purpose of putting an
end to unjust inrasions—next, to euforee due raped tbr the
rights of 'independent State'—and ire the third piece. 19 secure the peeve and happiness of mankind. These. were
the objects which we .had in ' view when our blionete
placed the Bottrbons a si,cend time on the throne of France.'
and that there might be no misunderstanding on this subject,
he, for further proof, referred to a memorandum submitted by
Lord Castlereagh to the Duke do Richelieu, at the time the
Treaty. of Peace was concluded, • The lion. el.esitiernatt here
read the inemorendutu which expressed a strong conviction on
the part of the Allies, diet a continuance of tranquillity
might be looked for front the modennien, magnanimity, and
wisdom of his most Christian . lilajeety, es manifested at
every period of his reign, but more especially after his re-
turn to Fiance. The objects time 'announced to be. those of
the Allies lied now been contravened., riot by Butintqirte•
his family—or his adherent -,-butt by Abe Bout bons, not only
without the consent, but in despite pf England. When the
bend that fired the torch which threatened, to place Europe
once 'more in a state of cOntlagretion, was that of one er
these conservators of the pore of the work% was it tut much
to say that the engagements 44 liklt had been forilied with
views so Widely different; were ipyofficto annitiilateci.—lic had
liaPed to hear from the Right lion. Gentleman soniething
more consolatory than that he was acting on that
licy which he had found 'left coot and dried for hits by his
predecessor in office. Napeleon Buonaperte was no moreo_but
leis spirit, or a ;verse spirit,' seemed to hover about the all-tare
of Europe. If this should prodUce a new revolution in France,
he misted that not one shilling on the part of this country
would in: spent, that not one drop of blood would be Ailed to
set the Bourbons on the Throne agein. If we could riot efford
to assist those who strteggled for liberty, he. hoped we. should
• never, again with our eyea open aid tied abet oppreeeion.
After
much hesitation,_ the word " neutrality" had been encaked put,
on the opposite side of the house. But the minds of the people.
a of this country were made up in favour of Spain, and ehht the
Right lion, teintlemen must tell the Allies, or bringieri his own
head the weight of putilleindignetion. He wisbc,d, the lioteie
to consider what the ipiestion was with respect to Spain on
which this country had to decide, and he trusted it would tee
universally recognised that the question, whether or not we
should take a pert in the war, was one of prudence and pa-
hey, independent of right. No nu'in who bail reed that extra-
ordinary- manifesto, the speech of the French Ring, could
doubt that France had given us abundant CtiLISC l'or tear. That
speech declared against all free.- instinitinng, it wont to make
the Bill of Itighte and the Act of Settlement invalid, to change
the dynasty or ungiami, and to expeee out share" to ;,,•
lewd by some Cossack questioner of the arrangement ltel8;
That prance had given UR a right of making war 'wee clear,
and we had only to consider when it wOuld be wise Lt) avail
ourselves of it. .No pledem of neutrality ought to be xiven.
If we thought it wiee to let the parties who projeeted (hie 'war,
waste the resources of France, we might abstein front twelve'
interference; but thus to remain passive, would not make
us neutral. If we felt that the remit expemlitisie, in the'
wars we had waged, of 15Utt millions of money, entitle
it necessary that we should pause before we drew the sword
again in a cause, which we knew to be just, let the tact
be avowed, tbr it never could disgrace is. The license and the •
prayers of this country were with the Spaniards, These could
never be noire' when they saw unmesked °pin eesion preparing
to Attack freedom. We at least might Kay— • Cod presper. the
right cause anti mil those who have profited no by. .vast
adversity, tint cause to rue their present undertaking." Older
all the circumstances he thought the House could nut safely ad,
journ for Any length of time, and therehire he ithould sueport
the proposition of his Noble friend.
Mr. WA RRE was sure the people of tilis country felt deeply ,
interested in the success of the Spaniaz He eontlemned tiCti
projected aggression, anti contended that thee'%letoberis of the
Quintuple Alliance had 'yielded their own Treaty, When the •
Papere should be laid before the House, he trusted should
find that the Duke of Wellington hod not failed to recall to the
recollection of the Ministere uf ••the Allies it RiptT signed At
Aix-la.Chapell, rend dated Sept. '.11;. ItflFl, trt wheel, filenames
of bletternieh, Castlereagh, Wellington, fliatleoberg. Beres-
dortf, Neevelrotic, and Cape; D'istria; ,sere ettstched. "floc
Hon. tlentlernan rend the Papei to which lie re s' :et 41, which set
forth that the 'meeting of, the 'Ministers of the treat Powers
of Europe from time to time to coneider of the Affairs of Eue
rope, would coolly take piece on the Memel invitatkm or she
States principall m
y affected by the circuetences wield) le ielit
ariseeend the Notions whom they concerned would in all caries
have an opportunity of being present by their Plenipotentiariee.
Ile wished to know whethei Spain had been so repreeented at
Verona. Ii she had not, the Quintuple Alliance lied violated
their own treaty. Ilk prayer was or thepreservation of peace
but only while to preserve It wee practicable by n manly and
hqnourable line of policy. Linder these circumstance:l he coned
wish the House to re-assemble on the earlier day which bad •
been named, rather.. than on that which hati.originelly been
propeseel,

•
Mr. Secretary CANNING thought the Ilotwe would feel
that it was not. necessary for him to trespass on thoir time
for many Minutes. lie doubted if he should have riseii
at all, lint for the reference made to a conversation
bad taken piece a few nights ago on the existing treaties
between this country and the Continental Powers witiL
respect to France. lie could =sure the Thum that .t
was not his intention to triter into any premature discus-
sion on the course pursued by his Majesty's Miniateis in,
the late negotiations. He would, not break through that re,
serve which had been maintained by a sort of common consent
till that day. If the Noble Lord and the lion. Itlembers who
had followed him felt themselves called upon to depart feinit
the understanding which had been come to, he did' not feel him-
self authorised to do the same. The question which had boot
pii,cto him on a former night was this—Did the Government
orthis country consider itself boitinl by treaty to roartutree
the continuance of the Bourbontron the throne ()t Front*?
It would he,rentembered in what way he had intorprettil the
treaties. Ife had no choice but do this, or to answer to the
dry matter of filet, as to the existence of certain stiptv•
lations. ' The answer which he had given .was correct, that
stipulations were in being, by which all the Allies were bottnd
to exclude by arms the family of the Ihtonapartes from the
Throne of Frane. Another case bed been supposed, that of
a revolutionary movement, with a different objret in view iu
that country. In 'this ease the itlties had bound themselves to

communicate and consult wish each other, lint withoutan
ticipation Oldie result of such communication. These stipu...
lationn.were contained M the Treaty of November, lb! 5. lint
they only repeated the stipulations contained in another treaty
(made previously to the short and, decisive war which was con-.
chided by this), namely, the Treaty of March 25, 1815. Thu

Nest of the'Treaty of November being to embody the spirits'
of the former Treaty to preserve the peace of Europe from all.
infringenieat, and especially to guard against the attempt of.
Napoleon Buonaparte. The Allies had- declared themselves
resolved to unite with one accord to render him incapable
of again disturbing the peace .and tranquillity of Europe.—
The Right Honourable Gentleman then read the words of the"
Treaty, which set forth the determination of the High Contract-.
ing Parties to exclude the ..family of Buonaparte for ever
from the Throne of France. 'He also read the article which
bound them, in the event of any new revolutionary movement:"
occuring in France with a different, object in view, to cony,
cart with each other what line of conduct would be necessary,
to be pursued. He however had to state, that it had been,
-thou„ ht right on the part of his 'Majesty's Plenipotentiary,
.to sign a declaration, which was forwarded to -the Al-
lied rowers, and which set forth that, the stipulation which
bound his Britannici Majesty to resist with arils the return of
Buonaparte to the Throne of France, was not to be understood.
as binding his Majesty to concur in imposing any other Go-
vernment on the French people. It was to this that he
had alluded when he stated Ministers to have entered
into a negative, but not into any positive engagement
on this subject. Now, with respect to the adjournment,
what he had to say would be very short. He knew of no rea-
son which could he opposed to an adjournment for the period
which had been named. It had been customary to adjourn.
for a fortnight at Easter. Ile did not remember any thing
which made it improper now, nor had any thing 'which
had been stated, convinced him that it ought to be so con-
sidered. An adjournment of precisely the same duration had
been agreed to last year. Then the House adjourned from
the "Wednesday to the Wednesday fortnight. Now it was pro-
possil to adjourned from the Thursday to the Thursday. An-
other reason for adjourning for that period was, that the week
after the next was the week of the Session, which would be
likely to detain many Gentlemen from the House. Thursday
was, perhaps, the earliest day on which most of them could be
eNpected to arrive. A third reason for submitting to the House
the proposition now under consideration was, that a sort of un-
derstanding had been come to on the subject, so that no notice
had been entered in the book for an earlier day.,—(H ear !)—Under
all these circumstances, he trusted the Noble Lord and the two
Hon. Gentlemen having taken advantage of the question before
the House to state their feelings on the present state of the
country, would not be very anxious to persevere in their oppo-
sition to the motion. He hoped it would not be thought dis-
respectful on his part towards them, or towards the House, if
be declined for the present following them into the discussion
of topics which, as soon as the House met again, must come
under thir consideration.
Sir R. WILSON read some of the stipulations contained in
a treaty, which the noise in the House prevented from being
distinctly heard in the Gallery, and wished to know whether
these were not now to be considered as null and void ?
Mr. Secretary CANNING hoped no improper reluctance
bid. been marked on his part to give information when called
for. But there were questions of different sorts. There were
questions of fact and questions of construction, and the one now
.nut to him being of the latter description, he begged to adjourn
"ins answer to it, with the other parts of the same subject, till
the House met again.
The Amendment-was then negatived, and the original motion
carried.
