PROCLAMATION,

Oviedo, lull 17, 2808.
SPANIARDS The Tyrant of France temporiZO
with you, to increase the number of his slaves. Hit
ambition, his absurd confidence, increased by the
'intrige,.., of a Vizier, and by those of a weak and.
perfidieus Court, 'led to the project of the arrest- of
our august Monarch; that he might obtain possession
of these dominions and what tricks and abominv.
imps were not employed to deceive our young Prince,
and to force him into ignominious slavery ! When
he sought to..promote the prosperity of his people,.
and i he happiness of his beloved vassals, he met with
'opprobrium, sacrilegious treachery, the, ruin of his
subjects, a criminal compact written in characters of
blood by parricides and traitors, a thousand enor-
mities of which Nero was incapable, all which were •
deliberately concerted with a haughty Vandal, who -
meditated our destruaion. Oh atrocious violation
of the righti of society ! Generous Charles ! Thou
who didst dedicate thy best days, those days which
thou owedst .to the well-being of thy people, in puira"
suing the wild beasts of thy forests, tell us.
amongst this.savage race, thou bast found any so
ferocious as the horrid monster to whom thou 'last
thoughtlessly sacrificed an innocent family, and a
faithful nation worthy the best affedions of their
Sovereign.

" By such infernal artifice, Napoleon already
reckoned among his treasures the massive gold of
IrSpain, and of her Indies; as if it were as easy to
vanquish•a -people, as to seduce. Kings, and to cor-
rupt Courtiers. But he is deceived, and most etiec.
dually is -he cheated by those Who are conversant in
.the arts of deception. He has forgotten that we are
both freemen and Spaniards since the I gth of March;
a day of as much exultation to Spain, as it was of
'terror and alarm to the black eagles which presumed
to fix their talons on the gates of our capital.
_Happy
day, which you have converted to the desolation of
your enemies ! Look, Oh Spain ! down the hortioie
precipice that pertidy has excavated, and xemember
the exalted .happiness and the immortal renown'
your enemies have prepared for you. •

"3 Yes; Spain, with the enemies of liberty, has
co ctn with _France debilitated by siavely., If
she remain firm and constant, Spain win triukoph.
whole people is more powerful than disoirnoed
armies. l'hoSe_ who unite to maintain the touvetAl-
ence of. their Country,- mast triumph ores t
Spain will inevitatny conquer in a cauie the most
just that has ever raised the deadly weapon of war;

for sho fightl, not for the concerns of a day, but
hatiploes4 of age.) ; not for
lutd privitc,•e, „but tor ad. the 1-i.411t.5. of huTanllJ4,
tore; not for temporal hles,i:,gs; but for etZfriea)`mt't;l
no!
,for the ht-nett of one nationt;.lilll-4)..
and even for France herself,: Jtpal
niards, etet ate your natural courage by such sentp
tmlits ; lei twery tyrant of the earth periih-,
titan that you should stibutit ro despotism and to itn-
Pily. I o impiety ! 'Merciful God, let not your
oeople be exposed to sttch disgrace and
intam):

mi
Sian!, !: Let eery honest man arise in de-
ft'ni-e of his c. uotry let our iron and brass be con-
%erted into thunderbolts of vt ar) let all Spain be-
Come a ramp; let her population become an .armed
host ; abore all, let our youths fly to the defence of,
the State, for the son should fall before thefaell'eri
'P cli=rt
l)Pear in itu: ranks of battle ; and you,: tenica-1
t hors, atfecjionate
w.ves, fair maidens, do not retaial
yro-r. embrace's the sweet objeals ,44...y0ur!
e; hind, from 'victory:retained, they deserve your:
41Fection. They withdraw' from your arins not rt'o~
-
fight for a tyrant .but for their God, for. a Mot:rare/4
Worthy the.veneratiori of his people ; and not only
for these, but for Yourselves and for your compa-
nions. Instead of regretting • their departure, like
the Spartan women .sin?; the song of jubilee ;. and
'then they return conquerors to your arms,. then,
alid.nottill then, weave the laurel crown for their
teceptiou. Ls.;:

- I Crre erf. nom- of in de pe d etrce, nnrr -Of
glary, those noble passions, the preservers of great
t[bpires, penetrate into our inmost souls. Let all
swear, by the outrages suffered by our country, by
t e victims sacrificed on the 2d of May, by our own
4Aords, bathed in the parricidal blood of the fero-
ciona Napoleon, that we will it diet the punishment
d' Creed by the God of vengeance.

" And you, rich men, rendered selfish, por,pltw
by inouigence, do not continue
kignoble
but exert your meanS,.that peace May 1;
reitored. if, 'debilitated by ina&ivity, you are in=
Capable of enduring the fatigues of war, let your
treasures su.pply the wants of the indigent, and the
Le6cs,ities of the defenders of their Country.
...And,
"rh, ye etierabie orders of religion, do not ye with-
the snug necessary for.tiie support of the coin-
n cause. Which is the most precious, the gold of
th mine, or the bloOd at man ? your ci vie virtue
should. not command the siicrifice, your mercenary
interest will extort it. Your incorporation, sancti-
led by authority, your pol:tical existence, the
.pos-
'8'1"11 of your property, your individual security,
all dtoend upon the success of this war. -Otir' in-
:dependence cannot be resigned until . these.,ilfus-
thous seminaries of sanctity and wisdom. 7.re :Jur-
tendered—until these solid columns of rerighin and
°I the state tumble to the earth—until the pittittc.
right shall be annihilated, and Spain itselfcsub.:.
forted.

Happy Country ! this day you receive from
iklr favourite sons. the oto.t acceptable proofs of
it r teticierness and love, of their atiedion and
gratitude, for the protection they have received from
You through successive ages, To day they return
to )ou the riches hey have received, for the splen-
dour u have conferred, for your pious generosity,
tor y. ur "rdent. zeal, in sustaining the. religiotrand
the customi of thtbfr ancestors—those customs ori-
Viating in the sublime morality of the Gospel,
mithin whose sacred vase is inclosed, and will lie for
,"' Mclosid, the preservation of your Empire and
tjl' power of your Monaichy. Rich: men of every
dEsetiptin ! open your coffers and discharge your
"ty to your Country, and be confident that. her
Un,,,ratetul children will receive her ipatheina,--ana'
Will not escape her vengeance.

Spaniards !, We all defend one comma causer
We all are passengers on board the ~hip Indepen&
ence, which is already launched, and trust either
swim or sink, according as she is navigated by
There is only one means of salvation for us, and
that is, that the whole nation, alined, hasten to ex,
terminate the banditti by whom we are invaded, and
to punish them for their atrocities. Warriors ! pre-
y-urselves in the field of glory. Ido not at-
tempt to excite your valour; you are Spaniards, and,
therefore, you ate brave and honourable : but in one
respe I may give you advice, although you are
Spaniards. t recommend to you, in the name of
Your country, the most severe discipline, aid the
host implicit obedience to. your G,lntaianieri.
Without tit%ciplit e, you neither have au army or
victory. Without discipline valour is useless,
.and.
Iluilibers impotent. Disciplioe supplies every, thing,
and without her every thing must be defieietn.,;
Preciate her then r ghily, , tor alas if you are
cluered, y, u w iii bit come the contempt of 'nations,
and thetittiriusut t r.ntiy. D you not see that:lts:se
fierce preteuder:i Lush upon us ? They outrage, they '
thcy k:esitoy ; nothing can satiate their
ferocity. B ybur tont, you should become
conquerors, let the mart i:ii spirit by which you are
animated be restr,uned within the 1 mits of reason
and jostice Let humanity, compa,sion, and bene-
&tut ebe the &w e tit your banners above all,
let not tt e of Spaniard be stained, by that ini-
(pity anti sacr i ge tit oich you detest in yourene-
. lutes, and
,1 ben your. ..gramul country will confer
upon you her abundant benefits, anti your names
will be engraved on tile subiime edifice of Spanish
independence. I may address you as conrpterOrs,.
although Sou have not. aiready vanquished. One
province only, the cradle of heroes, thernornent
war was declared, filled the enemy with-terror.--
Yes, Spaniards, from that happy instant- the Aton
as attacked with a lever, from which he will never
escilpe.

"The iBory you are about to accompliSh will ! l
establish an alliance bc:tween Spain and the most
Powerful, the mo,t wise, and the m,,st polished na-
tion ot. the earth---with the only country which thiq
Record Machiavel conld not seduce—Great B: n• -
The alliance that the infamous traitor broke for our
misery and ruin ; that assassin of our nation, that de-
vowing monster, Ix hose c.mense rapine provided an
asylum for our enemy ; that' alliance, Countrymen,
.has beer generou,ly restored by the onlyeth.p.ire
which has. been ante to maintain its hon Dur and in.
dependence, and to w hich is reserved the lofty, ciis.
tinCtion r,f reaorino enslaved Europe. Of what ,con-
sequence then is the renown3.l power of Napoleon •?
The world itself depends y} on the union 0.. those
tw 0 treat nations.

EXTRAORDINARY GAZETTE OF ..)ARAGOSS.,',,

MONDAY, JUNE 20.
On the 17th, a Spanish Soldier came in, w;10
related that he had been made prisoner by fte
irriench. He had a packet directed to the Admi7
wpi,,trators-of Saragossa, which purported the it Wilt;
put into his hands by the French _General, LE-
FEBVRE, in order to be laid before the Most Excel-
lent; the Captain General of this Kil;gdom. The
same Soldier who brought the packet, brought with,
bhp many seditious proclamations pointedin Bay-
onne, in the Castilian tongue, which ,Were entrusted
him by the French 'General. It was resorted by
the Viceroy bt this city, and by the Kittg's Coun-
cillors and Assistants, assembled, that the note'should
be' sent back unopened. The .following reply was
the consequence, which has passed with the Mani-
‘festo' of BELLAY; and the proclamation published
aptherday, has passed this day to the Enemy's
Camp by the hands pf .Lieutenant-Colonel DON
IVIANuEL lla ENA. The following is a literal
COfiy :-
1%; " Head-Quarters, Saragossa 08th -lime, 1808

" MUST EXCELLENT SIGNOR,
" If his Majesty the Emperor ordered yod to re-
establish the tranquillity which this . country has
lost, it is to little purpose that you. take, this trouble.
It is my duty to answer to the confidence which the
brave people of Arragon had placed in me, draw-
ing 'me from the retreat in which I was, to 'place its
guardianship in my hands. It is at ..least clear,,
that I ought not to be led astray by a Spaniard
'hitherto so delusive. My sword guards the gates of
the capital, and my honour answers for its security.
It was unnecessary then to give too much import-
ance to this private affair. The troops which suffer-
ed on the 15th and 16th should not again be brought'
into trouble. Let thine be at proper hoUrS quiet in
their beds, a's I will be at my own hazard: Vat-
train being appeased, the indignation of the Spa-
niards at the excesses of the .French is every day.
increasing. It is l-nown that the spies you pticl are
tuTfaithful. A great part of Catalonia has plated itself
under my command; with no less a portioh of
Castile. The Captains General of Catalonia and
'Valencia are united with me. Galicia, Estrania-
dura, Asturias, and the four Kingdoms of Andalusia,
are also resolved to avenge their oppressions. The
French troops commit atrocities unworthy of men ;
they plunder, insult, and kill with impunity the
hourst inhabitants who have done them no evil ; t hey
have. outraged religion, acid mutililted the sacred
images in a' mannerunheard of. Neither this con-
duct, nor the tone which you hold since the days of
the iath or IGth, is proper. tolatisly a valiant people.
You will do what your can I will do what I ought
to do.
" The General of the Troops of Arragont
" JOSEF DE PALAS'OX Y MELGI."
i In consequence of .the excesses committed by
the French troops, it is ordered that, with the ex-
ception of their arms and horses, the proierty taken
on them shall be Fize.

Extraa of a Letter from the American Consul at
Alicant, to his Frietid in Dublin, .dated. June 16,
1808 :

" From the. time that BuoNArARTE had the ad-
dress to kidnap the. Royal ' Family oi ,Span, nettling
was observed amongst the inhabitants but a ...11.1en
silent'discontem ; but from the moment it appeared
the- Crown was abdicated in favour of NAPOLEOIV
the flame of resentment and vengence bur,t forth.
in , every part of the nation, et ery unmarried_wan,
from the age of t 6 to 40, has taken up arms, and a
military enthusiasm has seized on every nrind-the
number of this undiiciplitred army must very much
exceed one million.—Leery means for teaching and
organizing them are adopted, and •1 have no. reason
ko doubt they will, in a very short lime, be th.
f-ist army that perhaps ever appeared in'EUrope.
'he French have 100,000 men in' Spain—geVeral.
Zlitisithis of them hate already been defeated by' t his.
mad hardy rabbie;. and if an opinion Might ..be
hazarded on the Ctiance of -war,
.it is, that .13uoNrk.
PARTS has loSt Span, and the Spaniards, with
their present entim,iastic,spirit, pcir.tie him, he roust
lose France alsu---Ins ambition and greediness of
purer have induced limit() connuit a Mortal error,
which tuuSt end in the good of mankind." ' ~ .• .

It is said that the Spanish•Patriout- have Contrived
tb send many of their Proclainai ions, and act omits_
of the successful progress of their cause into France
by means of balloons. Whether Ons story be true
or not, it is.certawly very desirable hat -t he Frernh
should know of the thtficulties which the'tyrant
ineet• with in his attempt to bring another kingdom
into a 1. ies pit able submission to one of the brancheS
ut tiii upstarr fancily. At present the interior of
France is kept in the darkest ignorance, and thereidre
roe peolde are under the necessity of restraining
their le, ling which, not withstanding all the ter-
ror. at their Government, inrght ri,e into a noble
energy when they tumid that they were to send new
Conscripts merely to tight the battles of insatiable
atnnitm, and to sink inevitably under the avowed
vengeance of an insulted nation, determined to pre-
sr:rye itself !ruin the tangs of a cruel and unprinci-
pled Despot.
A detachment of the Royal Artillery,' from Can-
terbury Barracks, is encamped at Herne Bay, where
they daily practise tiring shut and shelts on the beach.
AN AFFAIR 0J HONPUR —A Gentleman Up-
holder, in't be vicinity of Grosvenor-square, and an-
t•her man of equal importance in the same profession,
in Oxford-street, went out of town on Tuesday
morning to decide a point of honour relative to their
,claims to the affections of a Lady ! The parties
a6tually took with them their SLirgeOns as well as Se-
conds. Atter firing tWo rounds without ofeet (not
with paper pellets, but with real bullets), the palm
of victory was awarded to the hero of St: Geotge's
parish ; his antagonist consenting to make a nand-
some apology in the Field of Mars for his presuMp-
tion in that of Venus ! and in this way was' the bu-
siness of the Upholder bolstered lip. • •

A singular shooting match took place on Saturday
last, at Little Chart, near Canterbury; between Mr.
DAVIS, of Pluckley, and Mr. FIAI CH, of Westwell,
for live guineas, to shoot at 25 potatoes thrown up-
- in.the air, which were all hit by the sportmen, and
the wager consequently not decided.
WILLtAm FIELDING, Esq. of the Temple, is ap-
pointed one of the Magistrates of auten-squarq
iu the room. of WILLIAM Plitt.Lirs, Esq. de-
f. G. D. C. I 'ceased.

NA /AL NEWS.

I'Lrii6UTIt,•AUG. 2.—Arrivqd thii •triorning the
Mums -Packet, Capt. CocK, frohi Cortinna,
with Di3patelyeli ; sailed 'thence cif Suriday-moriiing
the 31 st 'UP. Capt. Cock Egt off immediately 'after
landing, ior London. He is supposed to have
brought intelligence of considerable iiril4ortance rela-
tive.to the Patriots in Spain, but f!'o particularS Lave
transpired: it is ,however learnt from her, that the
Spaniards Were in the highest spirits, and entertained
no doubt whatever of oVercorning their implacable
enemy. It is the general 'opinion that a severe
battle has been - fought, and that • it terminated in

favour of the Spantsh Patriots: The Packet was 'Or-
dered.to sea in the most sudden and unexpeaed
manner') her time for 'sailing'not being up for nearly
41: hours.

_ .
The Transports, which- sailed hence on Sunday
last with Gen. ANSTRUTUER'S Division on board
put back again.last night by contrary winds, and
'this morning, the wind coming fairi they sailed
again to the westward.

PVITS,qOUTH, AUG. 3.—Arrived this day the'
Mediator :Vrigate, Capt. PAsco, from the Fleet off
Portugal; La Decade ,Frigate Capt. STUART, from
the Irish, Siation ; and. Hardy Gun-brig, Lieut.
PE ROREAU, frbrn a cruize. .

Put back two Transports from the Expedition
which `sailed from hence last Sunday=-left them on
Portland—one with the loss of her foretop, the other'
with damage from an anchor going through her bows.
_ sailed tfie/phigenia Frigate,Capt. LAMBERT, with,
a convoy for North Atnerica ; Alert Sloop of 'War
with- a Convoy for Cork ; Minorca Brig,: Capt.
liOnt4i;•ind Chainpion Sloop of War to the west-
ward: .

DEA i,. A u (-21. Aiiiveij His •AfajeSty's • Ships
Partitifuz ;rum (xottettbt.cr h and the cracker from
a Cluize.
.•
