FOR rtiE suN.

THE CATHOLIC QUESTION.
The passage in Mr. Grattan's letter, that a the
Roman Catholics deserve a privilege to worship God
according to the best of their judgments without ina-
punity" narrows this long agitated question, and re•
duces it almost to nothing. Mr. Grattan's assertion
has never been denied in or out of Parliament.
It is justified by truth, and sanctioned by law to
the extremity of tolerance ; but this does not en-
title them to a privilege of sharing civil and poli-
tical paver with those who worship God m di-
rect opposition to their idolatrous forms. They
hold that the spiritual supremacy is in a Pope of
Rome, who they deem more than man, in derision
of the Protestanis, who hold it to be in 'a King of
England, who they deem no more than Protector
of their National Church. Roman Catholics and
Protestants may be equally good subjects, and
harmonize together as. moralists, though HS re-
ligionists they hold no `
spiritual communion
with each other; but so long as trust and power
under a Protestant Government is only to be as.
signed unto genuine Members of he Steve, it is
impossible, without insulting common sense, to
call Roman Catholics by this comprehensive
nitrite. They are rank enemies to tlle Church
of Great Britain and Ireland ; a Church, whic,t
Protestants hold to be the !cumulation of the State,
of which the Roman Catholics pant to become
Members, offering any security for their peaceable
conduct towards the Protestant worship. To
take their security as a pn7ehase would in time he
a sale of our loyal Ci.orch ; and would open all
its doors for the pollution or its foes, and utterly
expel thereon, the established religion. This
cot clusiou is unasoiitible, Bull were they to
swear the coutraty it wool I be only to al;tire and
deceive, for which 'hey would he ioam...distcly
absolved by an it/feat/de band. to the;; hearts
they wish that Popo:), was the religion L, the
Empire. Are such mu] i..lbuissible two power,
who are professed enemies t the Fiterneby ? No!
No ! It is incunsisit ot nonsense; an
to the ear. It iR stifling tcalities to their appear.
ances, and losing the stubs...no in the sha.iow. •
THE FATHER OF CANDOUR.

iIOE TR Y.

MODERN ItEFORNIERS.

Shame to the recreant hearts that would betray
To Faction's purposes their Native Land,
And with a base and impious teal subvert
The very freedom they pretend to cherish !
Fools ! do they know for what they idly rave,
Know they that liberty in wild excess
Would serve to make their slavery more sure.
What forged the fetters of imperial Rome,
And bowed that Queen of Cities to the dust?*
What but internal bickerings, and the rage
Of Party Spirit—Janus-faced Sedition,
Urging a people, by their wants inflamed,
Madly to seek relief in desperate deeds,
Till ruffian force began to sap the mound
And majesty of laws, and that proud State,
Which, like a vast and venerable oak,
Braving the storms of centuries, had stood—
The wonder, fear, and envy of tie world,
Torn by rude discOrds, tottered from its base
And into one continuous ruin rushed.

Age upon age has rolled, yet still the names
Of Sylll—Marius—Catiiine revive,

Fresh in their country's curse. Such fate be their's,
The boasted champions of a rightful cause,
With self-importance insolently swelled ;
Who, when our Albion has o'ercome her foes,
And front her struggles brighter glory gained,
Would plot with coward hearts against her weal,.
And cloak their treaFons in a patriot garb!

Spirit of Union guard thy favourite Isle,
Burl ow the dwarf Sedition from its shores
Lest he grew ;rent upon a nation's woe;
Nor let the ravings of a miscreant band,-
Who false to teal freedom, seek to spill
With parricidal hands their country's blood,
That each may gratify some kindreJ lost,
Prevail o'er honour—loyalty--and truth,
And work the downfall of a second Romel S.

El ON NJON rEm.
