THE SUN, LONDON, MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1840.

24. Mr. F. T. Baring is appointed Chancellor of the
Exchequer in the room of Mr. Spring Rice.
26. The United States brig Washington captures the
Amistad schooner with 54 negroes on board, who had risen
and murdered the captain and crew whilst on their voyage
to the Island of Cuba. _ .

27. The Queen, in person, prorogues Parliament.
Mr. Labouchere is appointed President of the Board
of Trade; Mr. Sheil, Roman Catholic Member for Tip-
perary, Vice- President ; and Mr. P. Thomson is appointed
Governor-General of Canada.
Mr. Spring Rice is raised to the Peerage, by the title
of Baron Monteagle, of Brandon, in the county of Sligo.
Maroto, with several battalions, join Espartero.
Don Barlos takes refuge in Estella.
28. Revival of the aneient sports of the tournament by
Lord Eglintoun, at Eglintoun Castle, Ayrshire.
29. The Northern and Central Bank of England is dis-
solved.
A treaty of peace is concluded between Espartero
and Maroto for the pacification of Biscay and Guipuscoa,
subject to the ratification of the Cortes.
The Right Hon. Charles Poulett Thomson is ap-
pointed
Governor-General of the Canadas, &c.
30. Grand banquet to the Duke of Wellington at Dover.
Mr. F. T. Baring is re-elected member for Ports-
mouth without opposition.
31. Destruction by fire of the Sampson steam-tug boat,
of 40-horse power, off Rosherville Pier, Gravesend.
Died, aged GO, William Wilkins, R. A., and Professor
of Architecture.
By a decree of ➢on Carlos, Maroto is declared a
traitor, and placed beyond the pale of the law. Maroto
publishes a proclamation announcing his negotiation with
the Christinos to bring about a peace. A convention is
signed at Bergara between Generals Espartero and Maroto.
SEPTEMBER.
I. Capture of the Circassian fortress of Akulko by the
Russians, under General Grabbe.
Loss of the Aust passage (Gloucestershire) ferry-
boat, with the whole of her crew and passengers, in a gale
of wind.
The Queen Regent of Spain opens the Session of
the Cortes. No allusion is made in the Queen's Speech

to the treaty between Espartero and Maroto.
2. The Precursor Society having been dissolved, a Re,
form Registry Association is established in its stead.
Great rejoicings at Madrid on the news being re,
ceived of the cessation of hostilities in Biscay.
5. Mr. Manners Sutton is returned Member for Cam
bridge by a majority of 100 over Mr. Gibson.
6. Mr. Greg is returned for Manchester.
Their Majesties the King and Queen of the Belgians
arrive in England on a visit to the Queen, at Windsor.
7. A dispute takes place between Capt. Driver, of the
English ship Greenlaw, and the commander of the French
ship Isere, lying in Port Louis harbour, Isle of France.
A banquet is given in the Thames Tunnel to the
persons employed in the undertaking, in celebration of
their having reached low water mark.
Death of Lord Walsingham, in his 62d year. He was
Archdeacon of Surrey, Prebendary of Winchester, and
Rector of Fawley, Southampton.
9. Explosion of the Dartford powder-mills, by which
five lives are lost.
10. Dreadful fire in Ratcliffe.
Launch of the East India Company's armed steamer
Sesostris.
The King of Hanover publishes a proclamation, de-
claring the Constitution of 1819 to be the fundamental
basis of the laws of the kingdom.
Margaret Moyes, daughter of Mr. James Moyes, a
baker in Hemming's-row, St. Martin's-lane, throws herself
headlong from the Monument, and is killed on the spot.
Hurricane at Bermuda, the damage occasioned by
which is estimated at 80,0001.
12. The Terror. Captain Crozier, and the Erebus, Cap-
tain JiTTIC 3 Clark Ross, depart on a voyage of discovery to
the Antarctic Regions.
13. Death of the Earl of Lauderdale in the Slat year
of his age.
Death of Lord Rendlesham, aged 41.
14. Don Carlos arrives at Urdax, close to the French
frontier, and being pressed by Espartero, takes refuge, with
his family, in France.
Six Alavese battalions, two Navarrese, and all the
Carlist staff, with the Generals Elio and Negri, take re-
fuge in the French territory, where they are disarmed.
16. Mr. Sheii is re-elected M.P. for Tipperary.
Tremendous storm on the Alps; by which the pas-
sage of the Sirnplun is partially destroyed.
20. Death of Sir Thomas Masterrean Hardy, Baronet,
and K. C. 8., at Greenwich, in the 71st year of his age.
23. Colonel Pasley succeeds in firing off one of his enor-
mous sub-marine mines of gutipowcicr against the wreck
of the Royal George.
24. The _London Gazette of this date contains not a
sinyle bankrupt, and only one insolvent.
L 5. Died at Eastbury Lodge, near Watford, Mr. Jus-
tice Vaughan, in the 71st year of his age.
26. Died at his villa, Richmond Hill, the Earl of Mount
Edgecumbe, aged 74.
27. Thomas BabiEgton Macaulay, Esq., is appointed
Secretary at War.
The new republic of Texas is formally recognised by
the French Government.
A royal decree of the King of Hanover forbids con-
versation on political subjects, and authorises the arrest
of all persons who may presume to talk openly on public
affairs. 99. The fort of Juudhpore is taken by the British troops
under Colonel Sutherland.
John Aldridge, a policeman, is killed by a mob at
Deptford, in an attempt to take a drunkard into custody.
OCTOBER.
1. Riots in Ghent, in consequence of the reduction of
wages. and the high price of corn.
4. The Archbishop of Posen, having fled from Berlin
to Posen, is arrested at the latter place, and imprisoned in
the town of Colberge.
7. Sir James Clarke publishes his version of the pro-
ceedings relative to Lady Flora Hastings.
The Cortes confirm the faeces of the Basque pro-
vinces and of Navarre, after a stormy debate.
8. The Bishop of Exeter delivers his triennial charge
to the clergy of his diocese, at the conslusion of which the
Rev. Mr. Head " protests against the Bishop's unscrip-
tural usurpation of apostolic authority."
9. The United States Bank of Pennsylvania and other
banks stop payment.
11. The Hereditary Prince Ernest:of Saxe Cobourg, and
Prince Albert of Saxe Cobourg, arrive at Windsor Castle,
on a visit to her Majesty.
The Queen of 3pain publishes a decree for a general

amnesty.
The sister of Palillos, the Carlist General, is shot at
Ciudad Real, in retaliation for the death of some National
Guards.
12. Admiral the Hon. Charles Elphinstone Fleming is
appointed Master of the Seaman's Hospital at Greenwich,
in the room of Vice- Admiral Sir Thomas Hardy.
15. Dreadful fire at Co nstantinople ; 500 houses are
burnt, and 2 000 families left without shelter.
Mr. Poulett Thomson, the New Governor-General
of Canada, arrives at Quebec.
18. Richard Daniel Hawes, aged 15, errand boy, in the
service of a stationer, precipitates himself from the Monu-
ment, and is killed on the spot.
Death of the Earl of Kingston, aged
Defeat of the Nawawb, and capture of the fortress
of Kurnoul.
19. Sir John Colborne leaves Montreal for Quebec, on
his return-to England.
90. Death of the Duke of Bedford, aged 73.
Convention of the Roman Catholic Bishops and
Clergy at Cork.
21. A very general report, founded upon the contents
of a letter read at a club-house, prevailed throughout Lon-
don during the day, of the death of Lord Brougham, by
being thrown out of a carriage, and receiving a kick from
a horse.
22. Death of the Duke of Argyll, at Inverary Castle,
Argyllshire, aged 71.
23. During this and the two following:days several smart
shocks of earthquake are felt at Aberdeen, Huntly, Turriff,
Forres, and other places in Scotland.
26. The Count d'Espagne is disarmed by the junta, and
deprived of the command of the Carlist troops. The com-
mand is taken by General Segara.
NOVEMBER.

1. An explosion takes place in the house of Mr. Hard-
ing, firework-maker, William-street, Pimlico, by which
seven persons are killed, and that and the adjoining houses
totally burnt.
Suicide of Admiral Sir Henry Trollope. The de-
ceased was 84 years of age.
The Duke of Orleans arrives at Algiers with the
troops under his command from Constantine.
Mr. D. W. Harvey is appointed Commissioner of
the Police Force of the City of London.
3. A hatti-scheriff, proclaiming a new code of laws, is
read by Resehid Pacha, in aresence of all the Ministers
of the Sublime Porte, and of deputations of nations, sects,
and races subject to the Sultan.
4. The Chartists, headed by Frost, the ex-Magistrate,
enter the town of Newport in great numbers, armed with
guns, pikes, &c., and make an attack on the Westgate
Hotel. They are repulsed by twenty-lye raw soldiers of
the 45th Regiment, and Frost, Waters, Williams, and
more than thirty of those implicated are captured and
committed on a charge of high treason.
8. Twelve men about to descend the Radstock Wellsway
pit, arc precipitated to the bottom of the shaft, a depth of
756 feet, by the snapping of the rope, which it appeared had
been purposely injured, and a verdict is returned of " Wil-
ful Murder against some person or persons unknown.
9. Sir Chapman Marshall enters upon the duties of his
office as Lord Mayor of London.
12. Mr. Stockdale obtains 6001. damages in an action
for libel, brought by him against Messrs. Hansard, printers
to the House of Commons, who had printed the alleged
defamation under the authority of the House.
15. Suicide of Wm. Unwin Sims, Bank Director, and
Chairman of several railway companies.
18. Abd-el-Kader declares war against the French.
Spanish Cortes dissolved.
90. Colonel Thomas, Major Maclean, Captain Ainslie,
and other officers are reprimanded by Lord Hill, Com-
mander-in-Chief, for having been present at a dinner at
Ashton. under- Lyric, when treasonable speeches were made
and insults cast on the Court of the Queen.
23. At a Court at Buckingham Palace, the Queen an-
nounces her intended marriage with Prince Albert of Saxe
Cobourg and Gotha.
25. The Queen of Portugal dismisses her Ministry.
30. A general attack on the French posts in the neigh-
bourhood of Algiers, by the Arabs, under Abd-el- Kader.
DECEMBER.
1. Rassia declares war against Chiva.
2. Meeting of the American Congress.
3. Death of Frederick VI., King of Denmark, in the
72d year of his age, arid 33d of his reign.
The Pope of Rome publishes a Bull abolishing negro
slavery.
5. The New system of postage came into operation.
D,ath of the Bishop of Lichfield, at Ecelessliall
Castle, Staffordshire.
9. Mr. Philips, Mayor of Newport, receives the honour
of knighthood from her Maj.. sty.
10. Chief-Justice Tindal, Mr. Baron Parke, and Mr.
Justice Williams open tire special commission at Mon-

mouth, for the trial of the persons charged with high
treason.

11. The Grand Jury find true bills against John Frost
and other prisoners confined in Monmouth Gaol on a
charge of high treason.
Lord Auckland is created Baron Eden, of Norwood,
in Surrey, and Earl of Auckland.
Sir John Keane is created Baron Keane, of Ghuz-
nee, in Affghanistan, and of Cappoquin, in the county of
Waterford.

Loss of the Brilliant steam-ship, on her voyage from
Leith to Aberdeen.
Miss Anna Wilkins throws herself into the crater
of Mount Vesuvius.

16. William Lees is executed at Newgate for the mur-
der of his wife.

15. A Court of Proprietors of East India Stock agreed
to a vote of thanks to Lord Auckland, to Sir John Keane,
and the officers and troops of the army of the Indus, for
having planned and conducted to a successful issue, the
expedition to Affghanistan.
20. Lord Normanby declines to institute proceedings
against the Mayor and Magistrates of Birmingham, consi-
dering the evidence not sufficient to warrant such a step.
21. Lord Kinnaird is appointed Master of her Ma-
jesty's Buck hounds. _ _

J •
23. The King of the French opens the Session of the
Chambers,

24. Public meeting at Edinburgh in honeur of the
Duke of Wellington.

INSOLVENT DEBTOR'S COURT.

IN RE CHARLES SAMUEL EDISON.

The insolvent was opposed on Saturday by a creditor
in person, named Peake, for a debt of 201. From his ex-
amination it appeared that he had been a clerk for a
number of years in the Lord Chamberlain's Office, St.
James's Palace, where he rose to a salary of 550/. a year.
Being in debt to various creditors to the amount of more
than 4,0001., they memorialised the Lord Chamberlain,
and he was discharged froth his office, to which cause he
attributed his insolvency. He bad offered, he said, 10s.
in the pound on the faith of his salary, which had been re-
fu-A by his creditors.
The creditor (Mr. Peake) said he wished to be in-
formed whether he was not to be reinstated in his office
after he was discharged by this Court, to which he replied
in the negative. fie had nothing to give up to his credi-
tors but some debts, amounting to about 6001.
After some amendments made to his schedule, he was
ordered to be discharged.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

BO W-STREET.

THE CIDER CELLARS.—Mr. Rhodes, the proprietor of
the Cider Cellars in Maiden-lane, was summoned by In-
spector Medlicott, of the F division of Police, for
keeping open lis house after twelve o'clock on the night of
Saturday, the 29th of December. Mr. Rhodes at once
admitted the fact as stated by the police ; but in answer
to the charge said that on the night in question there
were upwards of eighty gentlemen in his coffee-room,
all of whom, with the exception of three or four, left the
house the moment the clock struck twelve. He was in the
habit of engaging a set of professional singers to amuse
his customers, and on the close of the evening's entertain-
ment to give them a supper after his house was closed for
the evening. He did so on the night in question, and, with
the exception of the singers, and three or four of his privote
friends, there were no persons in his house at the time the
police entered it. He closed the doors at twelve o'clock.
'f he Adelphi Theatre did not close on that night until
half-past twelve o'clock ; and, although his house was next
door to it, and hundreds of persons afterwards applied for
admission, he refused to let in any one of them. The
company frequenting his coffee-room were persons of the
highest respectability, and he could not turn them out by
force while in the act of taking their supper.
Mr. JARDINE said the law was imperative on the sub-
j,et i but as he was satisfied the defendant's house was re-
spectably conducted, and there was nothing alleged against
it by the police beyond the particular offence for which the
defendant was summoned, he thought that the justice of
the case would be fully answered by his fining the defen-
dant 53., but without costs.
Defendant immediately paid the fine.
[These fines for some weeks have been becoming less
aid less, and are now beautifully small. Mr. Hall, the
Chief Magistrate, fined the same defendant 51. and costs
far the first offence, and Mr. Jardine has reduced the fine
to ss, without costs. What a satire on Magistrates' Law,
and on the religion of the country ! The pantomime not
over 6;1 half-past twelve, no sin in that, but a grievous
sin to break the Sabbath by giving drink to persons almost
from thirst. If the inhabitants of London submit
perishing
to this tyranny they should never be allowed to quench
their thirst but at a pump. A case followed this which Mr.
Jardine with equal good sense.. dismissed. An information
had been laid by the police against the landlord of the
Fshmongers' Arms, in West-street, St. NTartin's-lane, for
suffering gaming in his house.—Mr. Jardine said he would
never convict in such a case, unless it was proved that the
ii,,sties were playing for money or money's worth, and, ac,
cording,ly, in the absence of such proof, dismissed the case.

MARLBOROUGH-STREET.
FEROCIOUS Dons.-Mr. W. M. Tracy, of No. 2, Cork-
tfcet, summoned Mr John Limbert, grocer, Tottenham-
,,,ort-road, before Mr. Dyer, for having a ferocious dog at
large, unmuzzled.
Mr. Tracey said he was passing along Great Russell-
street, a day or two ago, with his two boys, when a
bull terrier, which was running after a cart, snapped at
the children. Fortunately the children contrived to escape
toe danger. The dog then attacked a gentleman, Mr.
ilothery, proctor, Doctors' Commons, and tore his coat,
Afterwards the dog attacked a gentleman named Smith,
one of the partners in Nleux's Brewery, and tore
his trousers, and then the animal tried to bite a female,
but she luckily escaped with the loss of a portion of her
dress. Further mischief was prevented by an appeal to a
policeman, and measures were then determined to have
the matter brought before a Magistrate.
Mr. Rothery confirmed the statement of the complainant.
Mr. Tracey said he was surprised Mr. Smith had not
come forward, as he had promised to do when appealed to.
Mr. Limbert expressed his sorrow for what had oc-
curred, and promised to take precautions to prevent any-
thing of the sort again taking place.
Mr. DYER, after remarking on the danger of allowing
ferocious dogs to go at large in the public streets, in-
flicted the reduced fine of 205., which was immediately
paid.

THE ARMY.

GENERAL ORDER.—A General Order has been
issued from the Horse Guards, prohibiting the practice
of transmitting letters and returns from India by the
overland mails via Marseilles, except in the cases of
General Officers, and then only in matters of emer-
gency requiring dispatch, it having been found to create
a very considerable expense to the public. Letters and
returns are to be superscribed with the words " via
Falmouth ;" and officers are enjoined to prevent letters of
a private nature from being inclosed under official covers.

MEMORANDUM.--A Bank of England note for 51.,
received by the Secretary at War oa the 15th of Octo-
ber, from an anonymous correspondent, for the purpose
of being paid to the representative of the late Captain
Purves, of the 79th Regiment, who was killed at the
battle of Toulouse, has been paid to Lady Purves, the
mother and legal representative of that officer.
