SHIP Nk..1% S.

FATMOUTU, DEC. B.—Arrived the following
packets with malls :—Countess of ,Chichester,
from Malta and Gibraltar ; Lady Louisa, from
the Islands ; Prince Ernest, from Lisbon; and
Princess Charlotte, from Jamaica; and the Ross,
HARRISON, from London fur Jamaica. Sailed
the Sarah for Havre, and Triad for London.—
The Princess Charlotte packet sailed from Ja-

maims the 24th, and from Crooked Island the 30th
October; on the 7th Nov. in id. 32. 22. long.
69. spoke the Neva transport, and the Kingston,
both from Jamaica, out 26 days ; the former had
400 troops on board, and only one month's pro-

iSit/11$.

Porrsmourit, Dec. 10 ..-"Arrived 114 Majesty's
shipi Zehra from, the Cape.—Sailed the Georgia
packet,' •Trtootcrom, twin the Downs) -Wind
S. W.
• r

I'Lltig(itliql, DEC. 9.--Cams in the Amphitrite
frigate and Elk sloop of war from the East In-
dies; and the Ban Vento, from Malaga for Ha-
vre.---Wind S. ,

DEAL, 'DEC. i4.---Arrived', ina sailed for the
River, the Ocean, frOtn Batavia ; Orient, -from
Bengal; and Venus Isom ilie.South. Seas. Came
clown frOin •the River, and remain, the Venus,
and John Shand, for Jamaica; Cornwallis, for
the Carie; Mbion, for Bnitrdeate'L rtoieus, for
St. Lucia; Henry, for Gibraltar; Roebuck, for
Senegal ; Denmark Hill, for Rio-Janeiro ; Ad-
miral Gambier, for Ceylon ; and Viscount
Month, for Hayti.-44he Dove, Rortaisra;v laden
with iron, was lost this morning one 144,lobdwin
Sand.—Wind N. W. :,,:• •
fim fil! yt,

The Morning Chronicle soya, that La Vendee is

in a state of insurrection.
Letters from Cadiz, receiveVby the Mail n
yesterday, notice the arrival thercof the Spaiiisl
merchant ships La Perla and La Cairtabria, front
Lima, with .dollars on board, belittl-
ing tO the Mercliniile interests. The safe arrival
of these vessels, which had ran so much risk from
the abundance antiboldness of the insurgent pri-
vateers, had tended a little to raise the spirits of
the people of Cadiz, and the Merchants of that
City are said to have appropriated the um of
200,000 dollars, for the purpose of ituglput
as op: force to protect the kitt fling,
Paris is represented in a privaik 1.419 so
considerable t,...rment, owing to theit'Ailetee,Of
Bread. The :,unisters nte every means te stithfy
the people, and %‘..ep down tumult. It is further
reported, that by ,t rnanceuvre of the anti-mini•
sterial party the Duke of Beans was made a wit-
neat of the ferment in the two faintbourgei Sc.
Marceau and St. Antoine, on Saturday last, which
had such an effect opon him, that kir returued
di-
eaatly.to the Tollariet, bad en atillanee of Lk*
KING, represented in the strongest terms that the
KING was deceived at' to the reel state of the
public feeling by his Ministers, sad that the po-
pulace appeared in the same temper as at the be-
ginning of the Revolution.
'lt is reported that a schism has arisen among
the French Ministers themselves, on the proposed
new Law of Election. Changes are consequently
talked of.
The Law on the Liberty of the Press is said to
be rather a modification of its slavery than a re-
turn to its liberty.
Letters received yesterday from Holland,nn the
authenticity of which we can fully rely, state, that
the Sovereign of the NaTREHLANDS Inn! withdrawn
the Decree which had in' contemplation to pro-
hibit the exportation of wheat, &c. The • prohi-
bitory Decree had not been acted upon otherwise
than by detaining vessels two or three days which
were ready to sail for England with cargoes 'of
corn. To this assurance of increased. supply to
our marketS; we have to told the statement of a
worthy Magistrate, who has -recently travelled
through several counties, and who assures us, that
from his 'observation, the cote any places was
more productive than in commrso ,ficase ears
indeed were smaller, but they' n re more nume-
rous. This Geotlemsn ulrtr,Oi IttkaigsOth
person who pretended to be sent round ter pro-
cure intelligence for Government of Nictitate of
the crops, hot who took his information only'from
parties interested in keepiug up the prices or :00,
markets, and not (rOm ocular insipeeijon.r--.
(Morning Asper.)
Several changes are about toitakeOace.in tire
Ministers of the King of the . Navitiet..ol9ll,
Baron EVPRBURG KePar., Cinvenior of Apt-,
werp, will Ile- llama Minister .st the Interistea al
several of the Members of the Southern Provinces
will obtain places in, replacing the Mcouhersof the
Northern Provinces. This is, vie have no doubt,•
a wise and neeessary.measure on the part of the
King of the Nstmaat.ntans, to eilltent that union
which is so essential in the provinces, of the same
kingdom, and to preserve between the Northern
end Southern divisions - of his kingdom eo
mity which has been so ht)tig deatrededhotovhieh
meets with messy obstacles het be difteee use of tit
glop, and national Itabit.—(6ciligit4ragasaettger.)
Tat.tavaatt a still continues inll3 nitaabletatitdoes,
not go to the sittings of the Chambec.44 Peers-
The common opinion is, that he foresaw,:aod stilt
foresees, that the adunoistration, composed as it
is, cannot last.
The Convent of Sisters in the Temple, Paris,
Of which Mademoiselle Cotton is at the head; is
called the Religious Sisters of rerpetual Adore-.
tion„

.4.,
The Abbeys Shallots and rt iwi r have pres4ra,-.
eel petitions to the Chamber of Deputies :—their
petitions have been re terred to the Bateau at
Conitnisslons.
A new political and literary Journal lies ap=
peared at Jena. in Prils!.itt, elluitted " The Ida ;"
it hots *heady excited much 64115110044. thoogli
only ire ita heat stage. t -tit;
•
