TIU GREAT WIZARD OF THE :NORTH,

MR. J. IT. ANDERSON,
Tcrii;nates n u'xNamilod career of saccoss at the Strand
Theatre, on Sin-cuilil.ky :NEAT, being SEVENTEEN
WEEKS: from ttat of hi.; first appearance, nor would he close
vo fur some time, but that the approximation of the
hEATRICAL SEASON compels him. He (Mr. A.) does
not quit the Metropolis, he has taken
THE SAINT JAMES'S BAZAAR,
SAINT JAMES"S-STHEET,

whiq, he intend-; &Ling up in a style f nnp raliel d mao-nifi-
torte, and o,,ening as a PALACE of NECROMANCY,
early in Jar.'.
The Nebiiity and Gentry will now have an oprorl unity of
betiodiwy this miracle of magic, whose feats of wonder have
pro 'neeifsuch e%traordinary sensation.
The decorative ti:tings. together with the entirely NEW
31.1 G ICA L APPARATUS of SILVER, will be of
the most chastefully beautiful description, and of such
gorgeous splendour as even to deserve approbation from
Loyalty, should it deign to grace with its pretence, as we
have no doubt it will, the necromantic palace of this " ne plus
ultra" magician of moritern times.
The Wizard, in addition to the evening performances. in-
tends giving a series of GRAND FASHIONABLE MORN-
ING ENTERTAINMENTS, which we trust will meet
with the best proot of public appro ation—full anti uleg. nt
audiences.
The Wizard's performance is divested of anything approach-
ing to vulgarity in the most distal:: degree : urbane in manner,
.d in and replete with suavity. his Entertainment
eernrnaniN breathless attention. Fortune has hitherto smiled
propitiously on him in the East, and she cannot desert him in
the West.

ROYAL SURREY ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS.
FIRST PROMENADE MUSICALE. KONIAPHOSTIC,
AND ERUPTION OF HECLA !
The First Grand Promenades Musicales et Ilampetres, by
the unrivalled Band of this Establishment, eenJucted by Mr.
Godfrey, will take place on MONDAY and THURSDAY,
June Ist and 4th.
Grand Instrumental Concert ; Eruption of a Sub-marine Vol•
cano ; Breaking up of the Ice : First Exhibition of Mr. H.
Carter's astonishing Lime Light ;" Panorama al Fresco of
Iceland ; Eruption of Mount Heela, Bce.
Aeanisslon, One Shilling.
Feeding II ,ur of the Carnivora, Five o'clock.

-- TO CORRESPONDENTS.
'We will notice or publish Mr. O'Connor's petition on
Monday.

W VIER AT LONDON BltiDczE TO-101tROW.
MMUtes alter 1 Evening •'9 minute- a'te• .9,

The Publieation of the Evening Edition of True buN corn-

meneed at 10 malutes after Three.

-).9, -- - 0.......1 ,' , ..-- ---.---.-- --, ,•,..t..7.
4.5.... ,
4,.. ,':',!....:.•': .;.- ~,J-.'s .''''''''l- 4; le ..'-: :: , , --/-2-;'....:". '::',4, - ..g., J
~--•:.--..-r_f?." t:t '74,1/4 '
~.,.., 'ti -'-: :; ) fl'`,. ...K,

The 1111 f r

LONDON:
SATURDAY, MAY 30, 1840.

Petitions were preserved last ifght, in the Com-
mons, for the importati:m of foreign fruit, and for an
increased duty on that importation—for the release, or
for the milder treatment, of Mr. O'CoNson—against the
French convention relative to fishing—and a variety of
other subjects, on which our united and harmonious
people, who are said ail to have one common interest,
obstinately persist in taking coufi sting views.
Sir T. FREMANTLE moved for new writs for Radnor,
in place of Mr. DE WILTON, deceased ; and for Sud-
bury, in room of Si: J. WAnsfr, who has accepted the
Chiltern Hundreds.
In answer to Mr. GLADSTONE, Lord J. RUSSELL
said he must wait till he heard from the Governor of
Guiana, before he laid on the table the despatch rela-
tive to the Civil List which has been published in the
colony, and republished in London.
In reply to Mr. FECTOR, Lord PALMERSTON stated
that Dr.BOWRING.S Report on Egypt had been returned
to him to superintend the printing ; bathe had struck
out some passages containing political speculations, as the
Doctor must publish them at his own expense, not at
the expense of the public.
In reply to Mr. C. BRUCE, Lord PALMERSTON
said that 'difficulties had arisen which prevented the
English at Naples from building a church there ; but
he hoped that some arrangement would be come to.
It is not enough, according to the Chuce'atnen, that we
maintain the Church at home ; we must also, if neces-
sary, speak sharply to other countries to make them
countenance it.

In reply to Mr. EWART, Lord J. RUSSELL said that tion, experience shows, must be the ultimate result.
the Malta Commissioners had made no retort on the An legislation, acoordingly, for eve:y colony, should
propriety of establishing a representative Assembly in keep that reeolt steadily in view. It happened
that island ; but they had made a statement, and ac- with the United States and it happened with the
quainted him with their reasons fur psstponing the colonies of Spain in the New Word; and that sepa-
Report.
ration, both for the mother country and the colonies,
Oa the motion for reading the Ordsr of the Day for
a Committee on the Canada Government Bill, Nits might have been made almost infinitely more belie-
GOITLIMRN presented a petition horn inhabitants of ficial, had it taken place in peace and amity instead
Lower Canada against the Bill. of being the consequence of' insurrection and war.
Mr. PAKLNCTON then moved that the Committee It is on these general principles that the rneasiire
be put off for six months. The Honourable Member relative to the union of the two Canadas, discussed
laid the blame of the late rebellion to the door of her last night in the House of' Commons, must be con-
Majesty's Ministers. It was ad brought about, accore sidered, and approved of, or condemned.
ing to the Hon. Member, by conciliation
and 'We own that we see with regret the project of
Tory tyranny had no hand in lashinfr the Canadians
into insurrection. He opposed the Bill, and opposed union between the two colonies, broueht forward
the union of the Provinces, because he thoughtriciabr.l7 on the heels of an insurrection. It is impossible
Executive for a country as large as China imp.
The Hon. Member sees, with a true Tory eye, the pos- that the feelings of the successful party should not
be manifested in framing it, and equally impossible
sible future Governors, and future Courts, in such a
vast territory, and be wouldthat the unsuccessful party should not receive
at once have the skeleton it with distrust. It Springs avowedly out of con-
framed of a few seoreexecut.
Colony in pupilage for ever ,Hae:radimiseaepTernapin,ts,eesnintgo tendons, and, whatever may be its merits abstract-
theprovide as the means a great army y
peorrupt officials all
through the continent. He quoted feet):,, it will embody in it the bitter feelings of
andde-
the rampant arrogance of viciory. In
and Lord DURHAM, though Le d
tissue of rjssre.b,rp'br.e'sdeottah
PITT, and BuRKE. '
teioNnzbie
Lord's report to bit a fact, it is
ttso
vbeen, establishedoi)i, ct i s toto sa%ovahlinhpi i a
tteh e
the d elf3eoahi
teid.
to party. I .
show that the inhabitants of Canada,
importance of a large province ;
races, were not likely to amilgamate. •,-,tineg of diMirelit cal power and
of the Billwl•hicilhowne M '
1111-with that view it is her approved of those parts
prove of, and quoted a cracked HEAD to confi:ic :hr.:: '
isa succeeded, and we much those%let h
ewr. hao
In havee a .
. .
doubt
opinion. He insisted that the iniiabassts of u sure having such an origin, and embodying in it
such fedings, can be successful.
Canada disapproved of the union, and concluded a IPoPn7
and, for the Hon. Member, an ale speech, by
sub .I Tiie first and plainest conetquence of such a
sitting his amendment to the Hose. Constitution will be to make the successful party
lean more on the mother country for support than
Mr. GLADSTONE concurred in most of the observa-
Cons of his Hon. Friend, but nevertheless did not I to desirable fur self-government, till the uusnecersful
mean to vote with him. 1-1,, was against responsible Ga_ patty be entirely ouTei own and suppreesed. Profiting,
vernment, like all Tories, who, knowing that they by that dependence,
the Goveinment of the mother
do wrong—thet they cannot, in fact, (Li tight, beenn,e country will contilnue. as heretofore, to use and to
they act on an erroneous theory, hate responsib:lity,
eaxlituesteatilitee cionlosny. ts resourc, s will, to a coesiderable
and are only contented when there is nobody to ques-
tion, control, or check them. He ob. •ctn,l also to the . • i al).Pli,llandptahrety:ntiisiagteetieirerynnent will
, continue. The victorious
may rule
union because that would make the colonyj strong, anti
encourage the idea of independence. Mr. GLADSTONE with more security over the defeated party, will con-
sent to an abridgment of their own liberties. Tie
will neither be so extensive as it ought to
is a true Tory, who loves an infallible Church and a
despotic State e and should live under the POPE, who
the LegislativeP •
unites the two in his• own person. While he refused be, nor will Council be that elected
to concede the responsibility of the Governor franchise
liar-
lonists, he asserted .that the best hope to the co- I and popular body wl:telt is necessary to secure of preserving i mony of action between it and a popular Leoisla-
the connexion *as in a Liberal s •
b which did not govern at all, or,
which
hmi of Government,
; tive Assembly. The Governor appointed by the
interfered as little as, possible, and. cone; utdh the same thing, ; mother country, and neither nominated nor con-
log that there was no other course onen to htlh. asseirt. 'trolled by the colonists, wil: be exempted from all
the one recommended by Government,' • --em "t I responsibility to them, and with his guards, his
which consists ; .
in governing as much as possible.
iiis civil dependents, will be
i Judges, his troops, . N
Mr, C. BULLER supported the Bill,
and
everlastingly i defended 1 •
astmoly thwarting,
snubbing, and misdirecting
0

the enemies of the colonists. All there restric-
tions, hovvever, though they woald not at another
tine be su!nnitLed to will now, we believe, be ae-
cepttcl to pres:tve an ascendancy over the de-
party„.

It would not b. use without emoluments,
or teinuoralities--n, u•l.er words, mo:.e.e—n
therefore, to get at tit:' temporalitEes, he ii“idestly
ponds OiJ to the Gov,:runtylit the duty mewl:-
hcnt upon them in the nreseht awkward
dikinina to which he Ims broujit the Kirk. This
is the r.:mitiv I think tlicb• st the S ate
could do would be to confer the temporalities in
combination with the exercise of all the powers
which to the Church might seem good." None
hut a Churchman could have mustered courage to
make the outrageous proposition. ‘Vcre such a
I). o i granted, the people of S. otland would be sub-
jected to a reign of tyranny more galling and insuf-
ferable than any yet known in the history of the
lriman race. The apostle of discord concluded by
moving four long resolutions, with a preamble
in proportion, the substance of which is, that—
the Assembly should continue to maintain the ex-
chisivL. jinistlietion of the Church in all spiritual
matters ; anti unit as Lord ABERDEEN'S I3iil does
not make athquate provision for such juti..diction,
anti also that it is inconsistent whit the principles
of thoir Church, that, therefore, the Assembly should
not acquiesce in the Bill, and ti:at the Church
should use every (iron to prevent its obtaining the
sanction of the Legislature.
Sir GEORGE CLERK,iII a mild and conciliatory
• speech, opposed the. resolutions, and after many
lung harangues, the debate was adjourrif.d at inTti-
night till eleven o'clock next day (Thursday ). The
result cannot be doubtful. The resolutions will
be earned. Lord ABERDEEN will be mortified at
the rejection of his specific, and Lord MELBoUitNE
will rejoice that he left the wild men and the Tories
to settle the question between them.

Now, in fact, these points con,titute the ieeedieg
faults which the Liberals filo! sith Lord Joi-iK
RUSSELL'S measure, and these restraints on liberty,
will, as soon as ever the victorious party become
quite confident of !heti- strength, render the Con-
stitution wholly unfitted for the provinces. It
will he, however, by maintainini, these restraints,
by preserving an arbitrary Legislative Council, no-
minated by the Governor, by refusing to neike the
Governor in any manner tespons:ble to the people,
by continuing a strict limitation on the number of
representatives, and restrictions on the franchise,
that the Goverment at home will endeavour to sus
min the union. It will then he based on misgo-
vernment, and not be preserved one day aftet
the colonists find that to ha insupp,rtable. Theme
will grow out of this system a separation by force
atid anger, instead of a gradual separation, in peace
and kindness, sundering the political, but pre-
serving the social and trade relations, which
are all that are really valuable to both. A
mother country is no more justified in attempting to
keep a colony Llways in a state of pupilage than a
parent is justified in attempting to control his off-
spring after they have reaehedinanhood. Nature,
wilier is another name lot true wisdom, requires in
troth cases that the authority should be relaxed as
the offspring is able to provide for itself; and when
the man or Ole colony can, as it were, get its own
living, it should be considered an independent being,
entitled, filet: the pre. existing parent, to the honour,
advantages, and responsebilav of self-government.
We arc afraid that the principles of Lord J. it us
SELL's Bill, which we have above indicated, are
adverse to this conclusiun,and ate expressly intended
to prevent a separation. On the whole, though
the union of the Provinces may on principle be a
wise measure, we regret that it should be ordained
by a victorious party on the heels of victory, and
that the Bill should contain provisions which, whe-
ther so intended or not, are calculated to prevent
instead of promoting the ultimate peaceable separa-
tion of the colony from the mother country.

Tire Paris Journals of Ttiursdav publish three t,ie-
graphic desp itches from French Africa, confirming, the
ihtelligence brought yesterday, by ,xtraordinary express
from the French capital. The first states that nn the
17th of May the expedition entered Medeah, from which
ABDEL KADER retired without firing a shot, carrying
11l number
rv*ifottui tiji'6",ol2 ;wit'die tolflitithetit:iellitr'sths,:lblhi.l:(l appointed
General DUVIVIER to the chief command of the Pro-
vince of Tat Art, and was himself fortifying Medeah.
Tue second despatch, whir his latcd Blrdah, May 22,"
we shall give in the Marshal's own words :
" The army quitted Medeah on the
.20th A garrison,
c•impAed 0f,2 400 men, wiih provisions for sizty-tun days.
remained to the place. On the 2esh an engagement to,k
pidca at the foot of the southern slope of the mountans of
Moazaia against all the farces of Abdel Kader. The
t.ole of his cavalry were diimounted, and :ought on foot.
Our troops behaved admirably. Two hundred nun were
put hors de combat. 1 he loss of the enemy was immense,
and the Arabs retreated in the interkr of the province of
Tittari. The expedition has repassed the Atlas. and ar-
rived at tie catnip of Bledah without havkg to tiWit."—
k Interrupted by the night.)
The third despatch is dated " May 24," and announces
the safe arrival of the Princes at Algiers. When re-
covered froth the fat;gues of the cathpaiqn they were to
embark for Marseilles, on their way to Paris,
These victories afford hut indifferent pounds for a
national triumph. Tue power of ABDEL-KADER is
very little ,veakened by the successes which have
hitherto attended the ems of France. The At ah,t,
strangers to agrieithure, to the arts, and to the settled
advantages of commerce, suff..,r very little from having
their country os errun by an enemy. flaying no
wealth but their flacks and hinds, which are

Whatever the priests, and lawyers, and legis-
lators may urge to the contrary, the reform of all
human institutions must come primarily from those
who stiffer from their abuses. It was by the mire-
nresenied masses of the people that the Reform
Bell was carried; and if the Church he ever re-
formed, it must he by the people acting in spite of
those who assume the rank of dignitaries in
CHRIST'S spiritual kitiedout. When our Con-
set vative Contemporaries talk of the Church re-
forming herseif, they endeavour to propagate a
delusion, inasmuch as by the Church they mean
only the priests. Now the priests are not the
Church, nor the tithe of the Church ; neither are
they at liberty to effect any change in the doc-
trines which she teaches, the duties which
she imposes, nor the ceremonies which she
observes, however contrary they may he
to the spirit of the law of the New
Testament. An Anghcan Priest or Bishop
has no more right of private judgment than au
Ecclesiastic of the Church of Rome. His business
is not to inquire and compare, but to believe and
teach. If he look either to the right or the left he
is affriehted by the gaunt figure of an excommuni-
cation consigning him body and soul to the Devil.
there was not an Ecclesiastic, n
tShtericHtl(y)u sspakin
eeotLgOrds who supported the prayer of
the petition presented by the Archorshop of bus-
LIN for modifying the imposition of the Thirt3 -nine
Articles, who was hot ipsoficto eXcondriumca'cd.
This is declared by the fifth canon of the Church,
which is as follows
. Whosoever shall hereafter Alm, that any of the
Thirty-nine Articles agreed upon by the Archbishops and
Bishops of both provinces, and the whole Ciergy in the
Convocation, holden at London in the year of our Lord
God 1562. for avoiding diversity of opinions, and for the
establist,ment of consent touching nue Religion, are in
any part superstitious or errotmous, or such as he may not
with a good conscience subscribe unto ; let him he ex"m'
muniented, ipso 10C10, and not restored, but only by the
Archbishop, after his repentance and public revocation of
such his wicked errors."
According to this canon, the Arhishop of DUB-
LIN and the
Bishop
of NORWICH are clearly
under sentence of excommunication, both of them
having stated that many clergymen could not
with a safe conscience subscribe the Articles,
and that many of the subscribers did so
with mental reservations. Now the 36th canon
of the Church emphatically ordains that no
person shall be admitted to the Ministry without
acknowledging the SOVEREIGN'S absolute spiritual
dominion over the Church ; tire accordance of the
book of Common Prayer with the Scriptures ; and
that all and every one of the Thirty-nine Articles
are agreeable to the word of GOD. Dins %‘e have
the authority of the Archbishop of DUBLIN for as-
serting that the Sacraments of' the Church are
administered end tne Gospel preached, even in our
own Cade deals, by excwininunicated persons. And
Yet excommunication was !metaled to carry a ith it
a severe punishment. The 33d of the Thirty-nine
Articles defines the punishment as follows :
" That person, which by open deounei,ttion, is rightly
cut cff from the Unity of the Church, and excotn,unieateit,
ought to be taken of the whole multitude of the falliful as
an Heathen and Publican, until 1:e b" openly reconciled by
penance anti received into the Chwch by a judge that bath
authority thereto."
We have the whole of the canons of the Thirty-
nine Articles open before us, and front an examina-
tion of them we infer the hopelessness of ever ex-
pecting Church Reform from the priests. Nor ate
they so much to be blamed as the bulk of die
lay reformers suppose. Their bands are tied up
by the A rricles and Cations which they voluntarily
hound theinselves to ma wain itiviolate on emeriti,'
the ministry. Thus many priests who have no hue
rest in upholding abuses, are kept silent by a mis-
taken sense of honour long alter they have disco-
vered the fallacy of time dogmas, which, by sub-
scribing, they associated aith the sublimes: troths of
the Gospel. There is something to worldly eyes so
respectable in religious consistency that few lay-
men, upon changing their tel opinions, choose
to avow a change which would deprive them of the
fairest fruits of friendship aird relationship. Brit
what is the falling off of friends to a layman
compared with the loss of caste, the loss of station
in life, the loss of wealth, and of the chalices
of promotion which are sure to await the clergyman
who dares to doubt the truth of one of the Thirty-
nine Articles, or who calm° swallow to a mautqul
the Apostclical, Athanasian, and Keene Crr eds
Without the right of private judgment, the idea of
a reform of the Church by the priesthoed is a
mockery, and to that right the established
clergy of the Church of England have riot
and dare not assert a claim. The reform of the
Church roust be t'!, e work of men whose con-
sciences are unseared by oaths of subscription,
whose mural sense is not weakened by a tithe
dietary, and who are more intent upon accommo-
dating the Church Institution to the spirit of the
Gospel than the G‘spel to a reconcilement
with existing abuses. In the face of a host
of anathemas and excommunications, we hesitate
not to declare that the Convocation of 1.603,
which established the Cations, and fixed the
government of the Church, adopted tenets so
monstrous that it is impossible that any conscien-
tious clergyman in our day could adopt them
Yet they combine, uncluniged, the national rule of
faith ; and will so continue, till :he people force
them upon the consideratiou of Parharr cot. As this
question has found its way to the bat of the House
of Lords, we shdl take occasion, from tune to time,
to examine it somewhat closely. Comparing the
acts of the Convocation with the doctrines of the
New Testament, the examining Christi,in will dis-
cover a wide thfilrcnce het wten the governing pre.
cepts of the Church of Christ and the law-esta-
blished ordinances of the Church of England.

as easily transportable from place to place as them-
selves, they lure the approach at no army intent on plun-
der ; and rwore to hope than to fear from the
presence of troops, encumbered with baggage, and
dtshe.atened by tedious marches through a strange,
naked, and sterile country, winch neither affords the
luxury of a leafy shelter from a burnilg; sun, nor a
draught of cool water to moisten the parched lips of the
thirsty soldier. While the French army continues in
motion the Arabs will fly b.ture it, but the instant it
has retraced its steps they will re-appear, harassing its
r or, and cutting off all stragelers. In tact, the success
of the late campaigh aff,rds ho ground far supposing
that the war in Africa will be ended for ten years to
come.

Oa the 16th and 17th of May the Arabs again
attacked Cherchell with redoubled activity. They wtre
repulsed, but not before the garrison had sustained great
loss in killed and wounded. The town would have
fallen had not the Arab., bren disheartened 137 a cannon
shot, which carried away the right arm of A DJI CHEIK.
chief if the Kabyle,, by wnom they were commanded.
The reject►on of the miihon of francs to defray the
expense of the translation of the ashes of NAPoLEOt by
the Chamber of Deputies, is larnemed in the French
Journals of Thursday. It aas a most disgracelui affair,
aid we have no doubt that the majority are by
this time heartily ashamed of tneir conduct.
They intended to mortify M. THlEns, and they have
covered themscites w►th shame They have incurred
the incignatioo of France, and the scorn of Europe.
Thursday being Ascension-day, observed us a &use
holiday in all Catholic countries, no business was done
-on the Bourse.

The Moneteur of this moraing publi4hes, in its official
pat t. t.ht• loitoAing report nt,ide to the Kaig by the Minis.
to- of M—trhie and Colonies :

" Paris, May 28.

_ .
4. Sir,—.Every day ,-- dds so much to the number And
importance of the qu. snorts relative to slavery, as well as
to the political constitution of our colonies, and these
questiom, raise up difficulties of such great importance,
1 the I feel the necessity of having them examined in future
by a consuiling commtisioner, chosen among the mem-
bers of the principal . üblic bodies.
" I have the honour to request your 34+.sty to approve
the Committee's being compo,ed of the following mem-
ber. :—The Duke de Brog:ier, Peer of France, Presi-
dent ; the Count de St. Gicq. Peer of France; the
m,,,q,,,is d'Atilrifict, and tl.:e Count de Sade, :Illembers of
!he Chao bet- id Deputi. s; \Vurteoiburg, ditto; De
Tr.ic). ditto: Passy (1-bppolyte), ditto; Da Toctiue-
%idle, ditto ; Le Baron Lerleticr d'Aimay, ditto ; B-goon,
ditto; Le B.ron d. Mackau, Vice-Admiral, ditto ; Le
Count (1.• 1107 ,a, Rear- Admiral ; Ftileau de SAkt Hilaire,
Councillor of Statc. Director of the Colonies

A secretary, chosen by the Commission, shall keep the
ournA of the ptcceedings

~m, with profound respect, Sire, your Majesty's
most bumble, must obedient, nm,tl,ithfo, servant.

Approvcd)

BARON KOUISSIN."
" LOUIS PHILIPPE."
(Br the King.)
‘• Tne V ct•-Admiral, P,ei ut F,ariee, Minister of Ma.
and Cokni:es,

" BARON ROUSSIN."

FIRES IN GERIIANY.

The IC!nv of Sardinia, bcing informed that the dreadful
fir, at Sdlinclws wai cans-cl by an act of imprudence.
committed Kith Chemical German matches, has pro-
tribiled the in.intilacture of them in all his dominions. We
Ir.drn that the Kii.g of Saxony, alarmed at the numerous
fires whirr, now desolare Gernmny, and desiring to hinder,
a, much as pos,ible, the numher of these fires being in-
creased by imprudence, has published an ordinance to the
same effect.

Ia 13 ,varia. liket‘ise, it is proposed to adodt very strict
measures w:0) regard in the ro3nuf,,cture of phosphorus
%notch, s. —Lc Constitationnel.

GREAT WESTERN RAILWAV.—The works on this
hoporant line arc proceeding with great rapidity. 00
M Lary it will be ,xtetided to the Sieventon station,
whteh is 5G miles from Loudon, I I from Oxford, ano
from
beiurtlri
ii.erst::l, xteinit(ll4 inthe Bo
41,dtm
the
F,u
rrrisnevrl July,.rou.roa :he hoe
,f
, which
is 63 miles from London. Within about an hour's drive
of these htatIODS, therefiire, are Farringdon, Wantage,
Abingdon, and the city of Oxford, with its magaqieent
palaces and do es. The works ire carried On with
;reat sp;rit, also, at the Brish,l end, and it iscooli.lently
expected that in a short time the whole line wi:l be
opened, thus ni king London comntuaicate with the
sea, at Liverpool, Bristol, and Southampton, by three
goat lines of R,i•road. It is impossible to witness the
su,:cessive extension and openings of Railroad-lines
without admiring the industry, energy and enterprise of
the British people IN hle Fr-Ice, in its whole extent,
has only a few miles of R andGovnear:gentthearnad.
Com tv
paes have not- yet found means to construct a
road even to Rourn,•much less to Havre, the people of
England have, within a few years, raised
seises not less than fifty millions sterling t. they arc,
adding to this vast SLIM every day, antianti in a few years,
without auy aid from Government, Parliament, or the
Sovereign, wilt have intergr•eted the whole surface of the
country with thase magoiAceot and csstly lines of corn.
umuicatioo.

SOCIETY FOR PROMOTING PRACTICAL DE-
sicsi.—A general meeting of the Members a this Society
to .k place last evening, at their great room, Saville House.
Mr. It.wart, Al. P., the Pesitlent of the Socie y took the
chair, assisted by Mr. A t•hton Yates, M. P., Mr. Fogg°, Air.
S. Smith, Mr. Nicholls, and a number of Gentlemen
friends to the arts. Mr. Crosby, the Honorary Secretary,
read the Repot of the Committee upon the state of the
schools, and affairs of the Society. It stated that within
the last two years lour hundred students had been instruetel
in the Society's schools, in the principles of the particular
branch of art the student was afterwards to follow. That
the schools were most popular :amongst the popil,
upon account of the free drawing there practised, the
energy bestowed in their instruction, and the low charge of
admission. That the present number of pupils was 74, a large
numl,er at this season of the year. It appeared, however, that
the subscribers had fallen off, and fresh exertions were neces-
sary to relieve the Society from the difficulties it had to con-
tend against through want of funds. - The report concluded
with an extract from a letter of Be •
njamin flaydon. the histori.
cal painter, who therein declared his opinion that the schools
id exertions, the meeting
of the Society had done much for the arts, and it would be a
disgrace to the country were they allots ed to sink. After con-
siderable discussion, the members determined to give their ut-
most suppor to the institution ; and. after voting thanks to the •
Chairman, Mr. Ashton Yates, and 31r. Crosby, for their ser-
vices and
•
The Wat(Tford Mail dignifies by the title of
" Fudge" the statement th..d. the Marquis of Water!'ord has
begun r. to run a riylar traits of trucks and o' her small artillery
of thai. sort, for the conveyance and delivery of parcels, on
reasonable terms, in London. separated.
i

Our latest accounts of the proceedings of the
General Asstinbly come dovin to Wednesday in-
clusive. The election of Moderator, and the vote
confirming the proceedings of the A,,setrihly's Corn.
mission in the case of tile seven suspended Minis-
' tcrs of Strathhogie, left little doubt about the fate
of Lord ABERDEEN'S Bill, and no doubt at all
which parry in the Church was to prevail
during the present Session. The long agi-
tated que.,tion of Non-intrusion, involving, as
it did, the merits of Lord ABERDEEN'S Bill,
came on for discussion on Wednesday, when Dr.
CHALMERS, in a long, rambling, inconsistent, anti
sometimes stirring speech, professed his adherence
to the Veto Act. his detestation of the " healing
measure," and his determination to support the su-
premacy of the Church. One important point,
however, puzzled him in asserting this supremacy,

iii ( TN i.:.;Y AND CO3l MERCIAL N E WS

--~;~e_

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK

1-I‘,"EftrOOL COTTON AIsa:KET, eRIDAT.—()or maket
c,inti:me:4 very cult. watt, uus,ead) prices for all k'inds.
Sales are being- tn,de in American denriptions at id. to
4-I. per lb. dt:cl:l:ie upon the Floc's (-,* last week, the lower
the tens: ckp,o-,ed, Mar!, id ter lb.. and
pti.tu 4 1 to id. per lb. Sur'its are !wavy of sale at
cur 1,,,t qu:ltttion. 500 bales of American have been
taken on apeeut!ation, and 600 Amer can ar.d 100 Surat for
export. 3 490 American, 110 Surat, and 230 Pernams,
here hen f:..rvo:trded into the coullry, this month, unsold.
The Surats (2 500 b.,les) declared for auction on Friday
next, are pos,rned tint 1 the Friday following. The
market to.uhy is fiat. Sales about 3..000 bales of all kinds.

Arr;vals this morning—The French mail, also a mail
from Halt:ix by the SKylark, sai.ed 11th May.
Ship letters from the Havmtriah and Lima; Sydney,
21 Devembor ; Singapore, 10th Fr b. ; Cape of Good
Hope, 19:h March ; 11Jbatt Town, arrived at Liverpool.

The Hamburg mail of the 26th 1114 y has arrived
Exciamgo on Loi.don, 13 41 ; Gold, 431 ; Metal.,
108 ; Actions, 1857.

We have rec&ve•l Hubart Town Papers to the 25th of
January, from which we make the following extracts :
•` The price of wheat is further reduced. ranging from
ten to fifteen shilli;igs. A cargo has strived at Sydney,
from England, and was sold at seven shillings the bushel.
Oth, r cargoes were also expected from the same quarter.
" .4 Fr,•neh whaler, of 303 tons, arrived in the Der-
went this nu ruing quite full, having 2,000 barrels of oil.
`he sailed from Havre de Grace on the 30th of May.
There arc now five French whalers in our port, and fif-
teen more •re outside "

:SOUTH AUSTRALIA.--There has been another overland
arrival of sheq, to the number of 6.000.
The Colonial Times, libart Town paper, received this
mor:;irg, that Providence has We ,zrd this colony with
au abundant harvest.

COMMON Pi.EAS.---(THIS D.Y.)

SOUTIIAMPTCIN DOCK COMrA NI v. RICE U;DS,
Tl:e CounT gave ju(.g:ucnt in this CAW Illis too f.it
The question this case vv4s whe:ter the dt.let:;tant
was s p:cprieto7, and whother the cd!s were duly n.Vo
The Count' tveref o;;inion that the rill k' for a tr:al
ve,chet havin bc.cn for ill:, plaintiffs) should
charged, as the dek!ndant was a prnprietw and as thcy
thought the culls were legally snide.
