SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.

LIVERPOOL.

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER, .18.;--Wind S. S. W. _High..
Water 51 minutes past three.:—Arrived the DOI,:
phin, Smithett, from Dublin; Albion, -hi'Neil, from;
Sligo,; Velocity, from Charlaston.
ettatten Orrwanns.—The Theodore, for Ant--;
werp ; Aliee; Kelly, for Douglas ; Ardent, Davies, fOr
Wilmington.
Nov. 29.—Arini the Tally..ho,Stnitb, from Virginia;
Creal9ton Castle,. from Mirainichi ; Andrette, from Havre
de- Grace; -St. 11IalOes.„.ecket, Tillory, from Jersey ;
Dryaile, Power, from Mirarftiqii ; &others, Jarvis, from
Gijon ; Indus,' Mallabar, from •Miramichi ; Pacific, —,
from'St. John's; New Brunswick; Three Sisters,-Milton,
from Macaio Napoleon, S9aith, from New York ;
Sharibm, from. isirewry. . .
! Sailed the Feline, Wheel7right; for 13aibadoes; Richard,
Freearen,.; for Taro ; Weird, —, for Aptweip; • Eliza
and for Gibraltar ; Zante, for
horn; Oporto, Martin, for Oporto; Aeia,';State, for
ISTeir Orleaiis; Dalhimsie Castle, Walton, for New :fork
St. David., for Douglas.

.'the inflation of the stomachs of cattle from
of green food maybe frequently relieved by vinegar;
which puts an end to the prochictien of the gas.—Norieich
Mercury.
r4l, wild enthusiast, named MuLocKi residins.
in Staffordshire, has started the absurd doctrine, that the.
dispensation nt. the GospeL is for ever cut off frotti the -Gen
tile world; together with all hope of salvation.atid
that the Almighty is about to restore the Jews to the-land
of Canaan, —StneAport Advertiser. •

REMARKABLE CAsE.---Last week' a• cook
IR the navy was committed to Portsmouth gaol, for `want
of sureties. to keep the peace.; he had no. arms,' only: one
eye, and the other injured. Soon afterwards two other
,cooks of the navy. presented themselves ao sureties for his
gondbehaVionr—one without arms, and the other without
one They were accepted as sureties, and the defendant
was discharged.—Berkshire Chronicle.
.EXTRAORDINARY OCCUIiRE&'CE.--yester•
day morning early, the body of a fine black id white
cocker dog, wrapped in anew canvas bag, was litind, by
the keeper of the inarksts,• under one of the arches of the
North Bridge. It wanted the head, and,lad its belly
ripped "open, which; if done wantonly, was certainly an
act of the moot cold •blooded cruelty ; and we anxiously
wish that the owne'r.of 'the poor animal may discover the
perpetrator; of the deed, that he may be brought to condign
punishMent. The circumstance of the body being so care-
fully wrapped up, and its wanting the head, involves the
transaction in great mystery:=—Edinbyrgh Teal*
Chronicle.

DUBLIN.

DINNER TO LORD ItIORPETI,I BY THE FRIENDS
OF CIVIL AND RELIGIOUS LIBERTY.

Abridged from the Dublin Morning Register of Friday.)

This grand national banquet took place yesterday
at Morrison's.

His. Grace the Duke of Leinster presided, sup-
ported .on the right (exclusive of: the distinguished
guest, Lord Morpeth), by the Earl of Beetivg, Lord
Ttosimiye;LOrd Dacreson, Lord Howth, the Hon.
Mr:Barnewall, Sir Thomas Esmonde, ond on
,theleft by the .Earl of Miltown, Lord Cloneurey,
Lord Killeen, Lord Clanttlinlis, the -Hom. Mr,
Prestot,- -the Hon. D. Bingham, Sir Samuel
O'Muley, Sir Itichatd Nagy. he Marquis
,Westmeath-aml Marquis of 'Ctanricarde acted 43'
Vice-Presidents.

Tho.llinnet arrangtments were on the
'nifieent scale. The party, altogether,. eon*ett of
upwards of three hundred persons, inolud!ng, cer-
tainly. the elite of the aristocratic; landek:profes-
sional, and mercantile rank, worth, and intelligence
of Ireland.

Amongst the other distinguished intlividuaL3 who
attended were—James S. Lambert, Esq. M.P.,
Richard Power, Esq. M.P., Hyde Villiers, E.l.
-,M.P„,Peter Van Honirigh, Esq. M.P., Hugh M.
Ignite, Esq. M.P., Daniel O'Connell, Esq. M.P.,
Hon. Angustus Morton, Joseph Green, Esq., Kil-
kenny ; Arthur Guinness, Esq., Rev. Mr. Groves,
Messrs. Purser, Jaynes'-gate ; Sir Charles Morgan,
• Fitzstephen Freneh,.Esq., N.P. Leader, C. Waddy,
Colonel Drought, Richard Malone, Esq. &c.
Upon the cloth being removed,
His Grace the Duke of LEINSTEIt rose and said—
I beg leave, my -Lords and Gentlemen, to propose
to you " The health of. the. King, and may his
Majesty, never forget his own declaration, that lie
holds his crown as a trust for the benefit of the
people', (four times four).
The next toast proposed by the .Nont.li
mAN was—" The Duke of Clarenee_andSheN43l",
(fonr times four).
The Duke of LEINSTER next proposed--" The
Duke of Sussex and the rest of the Royal Family"
(four times four).
The next toast way—" His Excellency the Mar-
quis of Anglesea; Lord Lieutenant of Ireland"
(nine times nine).
The Duke of LEINSTER then said—l have been
handed a number of excuses from different gentle-
Men ; their letters I shall now read to you ; but they
all breathe the same spirit, and all seem. animated
with the same. sentiment. I have received, letters
from Lord Duncannon, Lord Kingstown, Lord Dit.n.
ally, Lord Riversdale, Sir J: Newport, Mr, Strong,
Mr. Brownlow (cheers), Mr. Latouche, Mr. Donn-
nick Browne, the Hon. Mr. Caulfield, Lord Portar-
lington, Mr. Robert Latotiehe, Mr. King, Mr. Daw-
son, Sir David noose, Mr. Napper, Mr, Thompson,
Mr. Talbot, and Mr. Kelly.
The Duke of LEINsTER—I have now, Gentlemen,
to propose to you—" The House of Brunswick, and
may it never forget the principles that placed it on
the throne of England." (Loud cheers.)
The Duke of LEINsTER—I am certain ,that the
toast which I ant now about to give you requires no
preface. It is a toast which you will all drink from
your hearts—" Old Ireland." (Continued cheers.)
" Civil and Religious Liberty all over the World."
There were loud calls for Mr. O'Connell; but be
declined speaking until the health of -Lord Morpeth
had been (riven.
The' Duke'" of LEissrEu—l am aware, gentle.;
then, that itisiyourkindness that has.,plaCedane in
the Chair. thlqayi • (Cheers.) regret extremely
that I am sepnamaytorned to public .meetings, that. I
cannot. do Jusyce.,to •the ;toast which
,I :arn,now
'about to prdpose' f you. (Hear, liear, and
,cheerso
hun glad, han,testei, to think that there'are gentle-
:men...prcser4 Avhti: will addreis you, and froni whose
sentiments, and the manner they. will- give them
on will receive great delight arid plettsure..
I -wish that on'the present 'occasion I could borrow
frOl them 'some of that,elbquence to propeseto you
into. Wino. manner the health' Of my Noble friend,
OnriNObleb Guest, Lord Mopeth. (Long confirmed
cheering.) He is the diStingnistied ativocate.of the
,principles that
.we hai'e this tiy-Met to 4efebrate.
( Hear, and- cheers.) : I give the toast from- in, heart,
though, I regret to , say, 1 have it not by heart.
(Hear, and cheers.)',
" Our 'Noble GiieSt, Lord -Morpeth; the distin-
`guiihed advocate of the:principles we haVe met this
day to, celebrate." ( Loud and-long continued Cheers.)
At a quarter past nine :o:clock, Lord sloiu.aria
rose amidst the most loud and enthusiastic cheers,
which continued for several minutes. When silence.
had been. obtained, he -said—My Lcird -Duke, and
Gentlemen, I should indeed but interpret' the
h6nour which.has been done me, in your ,invitation,
'and the'numerous and brilliant assembly Ny hieh . this
night surround me—l should, indeo, Very it! inter-:
pret the flatterim, terms in which your -Grace has.
proposed .my health,e and the cordial, 1uid,,10., me,
niost affectionate manner in which you, gentlemeri,
acknowledged it ; if I shoidil for one moment hav'e
permitted -myself to think, that any personal' claitit
on ,my.: part,- or any individual .merits of my oWn,
should have obtained for ate this gratifying dititinc-
tiOrt.--(Hear; hear, and cheers.)—lbaye been proud
-to-think, that the purpose for which you are now ifs-
sembletliis to direct your efforts in the -promotion
of liberal principles, and 'that you
,wooldfnotjeave,
unnoticed and unrecorded, him whO might be con.
_sidered-rheleaSt. efficient of your fellow labourers in
that ample 'field. Indeed, my own 'deep sense of
my utter svatit pf pietelisiotv: to so splendid a favour
as that which ip now conferred upon me, would have
induced .tae;" perhaps, to. heiiitate in accepting it.
-Froirt teeing end4from.'prineiple, I tun interested in
the welfare of treland; without this additional incite-
ment from ypur hit4ness.,--4(Cbeers.)—But-when I
see hoW several of
.my countrymen have,been lately
employed-riot in' neutrality, to say the leaSt 6f Tit—•
not identifying thetriStives with just and liberal prin-
ciples ; but making thentselves the4teroeSof Kentish
Heaths ;.and Oltibi.L--(ebeers - and
laughter.)—l should have :taken shame to myself, if
an humble :English liberal, should have ex-_
hibited a contrast. to theaeal and activity.of ther6
who. promote the objects -.of, intolerance, as far us;
to betay, 'any Piing like a lukeivarm feeling in,
the ec independence of the, people, and the
Pr
-iniapulsees'aoft-nt liill and religious liberty. cannot
.but be aware Mt. I derive
,some claims upon your
favour, from theialeidtital circumstances of birth
and family, more eyed than belongs to my persoliAl
autracter.' I
-shall,",.however,ion this point, only
say, that I hope, that,in no situation in life-would I
ever -.be found the, advocate of exclusion, anti I
'wpuld be doubly base indeed if I should slander the
faith thst is associated with the renown of -my an-
eesters who professed it—(cheers); and when too
-I have. connexions whose lives tntorn• it. (Loud
cheers.) There is; gentlemen, one .clairri upOn your
gobthivill which I—possess, .Ind which wtis, recog-
nised by you, when you .OriginSlly sent me your in-
vitation, and I could not overrate it. tOA invited'
me ai a friend to Ireland. (Cheers.) I ain;proud of
the title; btit: it is a melancholy thing that to any.
Englishmen ii,should,be a title of distinctione:llow

I 11:ish that every one of my countrymen could, with
my friendly views And impressions, be indtmed to
visit yourshoresrthen,...after admiring, which- they
could not fail to dn; the beauties of .nature.that sur-
round you the tichness of yoursoil,,hnd'thift vast
resources of your country; after htiving.,applauded


and admired the strong anti natural courtesy .of the
people, they would then naturally tix their attention
upon the animosities that distract, and the feuds
-
that pervade amongst you, which counteract air your
advantages, and mar all your blessings--whieli
turb the present, end darken the fittitte. (LOtici
cheers.) I feel that it is not for me, young as
am, and a stranger in this country, to impute blame
to any party or denomination in this country ; but I
must solemnly declare, that it Would be well-to pre-
' vent as much as possible, an InereaSe of the spirit of
distrust andrettecur end to Wish ale* bright ek-
ceptions will he found in this company. That
spirit which pervades every class in society, and en-
ters into every transaction of life—which -destroys
--sominerce—wilich deprives you, of 'reeenue, and
frightens capital from your !ii3.30.t. fitter,
er,_.and'
m ter if •
eets:). When adttrsaries to us, wltir.a
that mock liberality which monopoly knows so well
how to assume—(hear, and cheers)—that they war
t no man on account of his religion, (Hear.)
I think they do what is much worse, for while they
boast that they do not prevent men from worshipping
their Creator, they at the same time make it almost
impossible for them to obey him—(hear—and conti-
nued cheering.) offer my advice—perhaps
should not attempt to do so--but without mean-
ing to impute blame to anyyarty, I think it would
be well for those, who arc attached to free and li-
beral principles, to unite together. I would implore
of them not to let army little jealousies, any tritlii,
disputes,. prevent them from co-operating with eatli
other. (Hear.) . To obtain success; it is itbces-
sary for them to use all theft e3tettitilts•; and in order
that they may triumph, it is necessary that all their
efforts and their energies should be directed, to the
one etemnron cause. (Hear.) And would next
entreat those ateongst you sutra suffer under those
odious disabilities, while, you remonstrate against
Catholic wrongs, and argue for the.granting. of Ca-
tholic rights—While, 'in so ~doing, you use every
effort that human nature is,,:eapeble of, but resist-
' anee—l would entreat of. you .Ite 4trive to conquer
reluctant Protestantism be' ea display of Clitholie
.virtue; (Hear, heat.) Persevere in uniting tem-
perance with zeal--continue to exhibit in your
struggles a spirit of forbearance worthy of freemen;
and you cannot fail to shame England into com-
pliance, by the practice of a lint of colibet, of
which elle has not always set you the example.
(Applause.) It will be in my power, on my return
to my native country, to boast that I have been a
witness of a scene in Ireland, which, whilst it ex-
ceeded my 'roost sanguine expectations, gladdened
and delighted my heart. It will be my boast that
I have seen mingling in social intercourse, around
the festive board, men of all creeds—the represen,
tatives of Ireland's ancient lineage, and the fateur-
ites of her youthful patriotism--(cheers);—that
have seep, under the high auspices of your Grace,
how Protestants, distinguished for their liberality
and intelligence, and Catholics, for their loyalty and
attachment to the throne, can assemble together its
the spirit of kindness and good fellowship. , (Cheers.)
It has been said that the clouds and showers with
which youratroosphere is occasionally charged, have
the .effect of bringing forth additional verdure, and
stimulating the nature! fertility- of the soil ; and per-
haps we may trace in the ardent feelings and kind-
heartedness of the inhabitants, the sympathy which
has been produced by political wrong; (Loud
cheers.) When shall we learn to give not only to
the agriculture of Ireland, but to its commerce and'
manufactures, their legitimate impetus g when:
shall we • open 't'o the genius that abounds in this.
country, and in this room, the great moral field th4t
it requires;' and the exereiie of would benefit-
the empire at large ? (Loud theers.)-. It, can never
be too well-understood, that your's isnot -a struggle
of Catholic against Protestant,; but an effort to serve
both, and raise them in the Seale of society. (AP-,,
plause.) Regarding your hope of immediate re,
dress, I can merely form a conjecture. When all ,
but madness points one way, it is impossible-pot to.
tie s:fteguine; but to doubt of- your ultimate success
:would demonstrate an incapacity :to judge; and a
total:ignorance of the state of-pyblie,:(eeling.:(Loud
cheering.) Whenever that success is accomplished
• you'ernust enjoy additional-pie:lie:ere-by the reflection,
that to your own efforts it is:mainly clue. (Hear,
hear.) I feel that until justice is done to Ireland,
an Englishman must appear before her_people under
disadvantages. (Loud cries of " No, no.") I re-'
joice at that interruption—kind, :indeed,- towards
nie, but most honourable tie yourselvee.; 'Once more
I assert, arid credit is due to my statement, for it is'
ort:ne light grounds I inake.it,-the Mind of,England.
is ;on ,your side. And why. should it hot be so ?
You give• soldiers to her armies, statesmen to her
ienate, philosophers to her science, and,poets.to her
,literature. (Loud applause.) The period is-fast
apereaching when. the two nations shall be united in'
amity„as they are now in loyalty; and when their
forniet'Aifferenees shall only be _remembered as a
matter Of wonder how they ever existed: •(-Loud
aod4ong-continued Cheers.)
• Lord3.loneent-e-be rising to announce a toast,
.Iltave now to propose, tothis respectable as-
sembly, I should -have- shrunk from the task; con.
serous of my inability teed°, justice to iny•owfri -feele
to the dignified objects of that compliment
but it is not necessary to be 'Very eloquent
'that I may, send home to your hearts diename, of
Leirister(Cheers)—a•name ever dear to Irishmen
-(Cheers:)—Let era, gentlernen,drink "-the-health
of our Noble Chairman."---( Three cheers.)
The' Duke of LElNSTER—Oentlernol,. .1 return
you my most heartfelt thanks for the very Aattering
matinee in whibh you have dranktmy herald]. r feel,
_Gentlemen, most deeply interested in the success
of that cause which is so essential to the peace and
happiness of our common country.—(Cheere.).i—And
let me add; Gentlethen, though I lead a' Very retired
life, there is no: man living who feels a stronger
anxiety for the welfare of the people, nor is there troy
person More anxious to support that cause which
has brolight us thiS' any together, and Elie final suc-
cess of which, LhoPe, we shall soon meet to eele-.,
brate.—..(Cheers.) • -
The Duke of LElNSTER—Gentlemen, I shall next
al parts
propose to 'you that excellent and upright Judge--
of Mther.
" Sir Anthony Hart; the 'Lord High
_Chancellor
of Ireland,"_-(Drunk with -immense cheering.)
ri-10:;inCotriaresEemitn,
, Lord Dike although sriefieientlY long in the pro-
that it is. not ,the
: fession Of the law to ,expects that I might be 'called on
dbeeidngdr:siteddtuhpe7mn efroetilinig
teereturn thanks.when sooh'a toast hes been proposed
yet I dcCmost unaffectedly say-.
mere circumstance Of' being
.ealled -upon. to return
thanks for a cotnplinient -paid- to a Judge, 'whiele
.pleases or gratifies me on thepresent occasion, . No,
if there was nothiorto induce me
,to offer myself to
your notice,
_ but .a prOfeesional stimulus or feeling,, I
should perhaps sit silent rattier than trespass on you,:
but a biner feeling and relithermotive dietates What
little I shall say of that admirable and excellent judge
and gentleman. (Cheers.) He is a man that never
yet encouraged those distinctions' whieli,have been
the bank of our country. To every professional g!n-
tlernan he tenders sea et justice;" unswayed by PleJiz-
cliees of Any sort. is an:Englishmen of the very
best andinost dignified order—he knews his duties
and scrufuloualy fulfils them; and he seems tho-
roughly tannderstand,thae" there is no-nation under
Heaveroyhieh, loves equal •aert indifferent justice
better then the Irish, even though they themselves
should feel its effects."' `(Cheers.)
" Sir! Yohn Ben, 'and the Army in:lreland."
.The!Pyke of LEttiluitt-,,-.Gentlemen, I shall pro-

rose a toast which, I am convinced, you will drink
with due honours.

" The-Marquis Wellesley." (Three cheers.)
" The Venerable Bishop of Norwich, the pattern
Of -true religion and Christian. Cliar4."—(Loud
e.
and lOfig.edrititi,ited eneeringq
• 'the ley. kr. Mbitiilif, of ttirofitr•being ItYndly,
called on,Jose..and addressed. the NeetifiO Ifik
Lord Duke, and my Lords and Geitlemen, it is.
worthy of such an -asseribly of patrioei as I behold
iii this ivoiti to testify their admiration of the virtues
Of that great alidpod bigioti and it not, per-
haps, be the: less gratifying to his feelings to heat
that it is an hunible minister of the Irish Catholic
Church who has had the happinese, et the honour
to address you on this occasion.e--k eers.)—lf the
Of the •Bish--6p of ivorpri!th univeteaNY
followed -by that 'hotly :tie beitmg2s,
these countries exhibit, as at present, a spectacle so
apPalling, that every good man is grieved to the
heart at the state of society in both kingdoms? The
success'of the great tante of tivil mid religious liberty
would no longer be prohlettiatical, if every Bishop
of the Established Church followed the eiarriple t)f ilte
Bishop of Norwich in liberality, in charity, and in
the patclital exhibition of every thing benevolent.
towards mankind,—(Cheers.}--Vatn that vene•
table man had, on a certain occasion, supported, liy
his vote, the cause of civil and religious liberty, he
was comphinenterl by a relative in these terms—
" My Lord, I congratulate you on the vote you have
giveu; for now you never will be disturbed from- the
see of tiorii-ith, (Loud laughter) Although a
very humble Priest, I will say that I was tine et
the first of those • who petitioned in behalf of my
brother Christians, the Dissenters. (Loud cheers).
I am not, my Lord, although an humble Priest from
the rnotititaitis of Ciere.; esensible of the value of
those great blessings for which we are totiteriding,
slid I shall pray sincerely to Heaven, and will call en
my brethren to pray along with me, that thelionoured
and hoary head of the good Bishop of Norwich may
never descend into the grave until lie sees the great
1 Prinelpies of tivii mid religlotin liberty triumphant,
and the People of this great empire united in the
bonds of Christian charity and brotherly love—free
and happy.. '(The Rev. Mr. Murphy was loudly
cheered on sittinkl• down.)
"the fluke `of LElNsTlin—dentieina, I ptcpcse
a toast-Ht deserveg a bumper—it is the health of a
gentleman whOse name among the people is in itself
tin etilev—" Daniel O'Connell, the Man of the
People.' (Loud and long-continued cheering.)
Mr. O'CONNELL—I cannot, I ought not to say
much for myself; but I must say something for the
people. For them the prospect that has opened to-
night is truly cheering, and for me who am bound
up with the people, •(Cheers:) For the people's
sake, rejoice to find an English Nobleman of in-
fluence and rank, filled with such generous enthu-
siasm, and capable of such eloquence, as it was this
night my happiness to have been the delighted
hearer. (Hear hear.) When hereditary claims to
talent, honour, and patriotism, tire only surpassed
by the personal claims of the genuine inheritor of
these virtues, it is, indeed, a cheering prospect—a
good omen, for the people of this country. (Hear,
hear.) But there are other symptoms of good
omen. It is glorious to find in that chair the here-
ditary descendant of a race of patriots, and often
martyrs to the cause of Ireland, (Loud cheers.) It
was (continued Mr. O'Connell) a proud moment to
find an Irish Fitzgerald presiding over a banquet,
consecrated to
.the, principles of freedom. (Hear.)
" King 'William s favourite maxim, that eon.;
Iciencc is God's province, and ought not be intee-
fere(' with by roan."
"" Our. Noble 'Vice-Presidents, the Marquis- of
WeStmeath and the Marquis of Clanricarde.
-The- Marquis of WEsTmEATH addressed the meet-
ing at some length, and With great eloquence.
• The Marquis 'of- CLlNitle, ARDE—It appears that
some, person has specerlated upon the part which a
,persoo.plaCed in my station-should take i ri a scene like
the present. • That person, I am told, is Mr. Romney
Robinson. I knew nothing of the indiridueli but I
know -that if I did , not sympathize in the feelings of
those by whom I am surrounded, I would be unde-
serving of- the name,of Irishman. (Loud cheers.)
I do assure the meeting, that I am most delighted
to witness this great congregation of enlightened
Protestants and Catholics. (Cheers.) 1 cannot-
but express my individual gratification at seeing as a
guest of such an assembly as the present, the distin-
guished Nobleman who sits at the right of the Noble
'Duke. I have known him long ; boast his acquaint-
an`ce; I appreciate the gifts of his mind, and the
admirable qualities of his he #t, (Repeated cheers.)
The next. toast was—" The Venerable the Eerl
of Fingal." (Cheers.)
Lord KILLEEN rose and said, the Noblc.Earl
whose health has just been honoured, has lamented
his absence on several' occasions from Ireland, but
on none would he so lament to be absent as the
pre-
sent,. (Hear, hear.) I deem the present occasion
hs':vociirvrtai9ion to the whole Empire.
.one of the ,deepest importance to Ireland. (Hear,
hear.): It • enables Irishmen of,.every,denoinination
aottoeddeliiisottetfifdno.
furnishes
then. itdro
ttokopmayodaectoommpmliamiseonft4thooasNmopbleiten:
in
opportunity so long-wished for, of uniting and amal-
,ginamfuartiiirliegraticthae oafitidti
gusrellantdcatuals
thisG country,teotoh oeti
ng.)
The- next.toast was—" Sir Francis Burdett, the
uniform advocate of religious liberty, and his sup-
porters in the House of Commons." (Loud cheers.)
. Mr. VILLIERS, M.P., being loudly called upon,
rose to return thanks. He had travelled through
Ireland, and be was Rll eye7witness of the baneful
"fruits produced by a frightful ascendancy. (Hear,
,and cheers.) The country required to be seen, in
larder that men; might know all the claims,it had
' upon the justice of England, and how irresistiblYne-
eessary it wasAhat that justice should be conceded;
(Hear, hear.) He agreed with Mr. O'C" smell in
thinking that this great banquet was 010 The-corn-
rneric,ement of. a better state of .thiftgi in ,
(Cheers.)'
Duke of LEINSTER then proposed thefollo*-
lowing toasts •
" The Marquis of Lansdowne." , (Loud eheere,
and three times three.)
" Lord F. L. Gower:" (Cheers,,and-thtee times
three.) •
" Our distinguished countryman. Mr. Sheil!'
(Loud andicontinued cheering.)
- Mr. SHELL said, the occasion on which so emi-
nent a. distinction is conferred .upon me,,- sets it OM
It is-Me finest plume that I have ever 'worn in my
bonnet.
This great' gathering -of iri!Aipen—thiA
most useful' convocation of" the 'genuine friends of
liberty, civil and religious—this alliance of Protes-
tant rank, wealth, and intelligence, with Catholic
zeal, numbers, and determination ; this scene, which
presents.ran immense body of men of all classes and
aeneeninatioes, arrayed together under the guidance
of -the hereditary marshal of freedom hi Ireland;
auspicious spectacle of union—this
rme a.eaf toe noblera,dm i thet
this striking, this peculiar, and, let me add, this moat
measure
ibi
facility Clonal a ci
.whichtr
with
nv
%c,
he
ai, affordswhz evidencegt
o glorious ts,
advocates eox.
ft.
ohi
tie:en of unanimity—this splendid specimen net"-
ll
ally
necessary for the pacification and
,repose of :Ireland,
may be brought into- a salutary confederacy, and an
effeetive ca-operation.. :(-Loud cheers.) My Lord
Duke, you have accomplished much -good by thus
assuming your natural and legitimate station, and
placing yourself once more in that place .of tinsel

~
cuotlS utility which appertains to you. ne yO'll nay,
tor Lord; rejoice at havits coreplied with the ens
treaties of your fellow-cinzens,, and at having, with
the hand the best qualifies:lto lift, grasped and ex-
alted the standard of which you ate the hereditary
bearer ? (Cheers.) Did not ,your heart beat with
a generous exultation when you' witnessed the affec-
tionate enthusiasm, and the .respectful maiehmero
with Vl'hich you were hailed at this, Orr return
amongst us ? Yes, my Lord,%your bosom must
needs .have thrilled at all that you heard and
saw upon your entrance into this assembly; and,
I Will venture to say that at this moment,
when I thus appeal to you, you experience emotions
of deep moral pleasure, far higher than the ordinary
enjoyments which high station and vast opulence
can bestow. (Cheers.) You have come back
amongst your-fellow-citizens, and they have given
you a most cordial and
ttriumphantonoyto u
ur
r pigreeting
ferrtsriou ncna.
t—;
11
You lee, my Lord, the inconteatible proofs of
tit;)hgettyiroutttahrlithms:ausnthte:olheeciteahs;ut):::,,bifeani'g,iying
yen:
to
oar
feelings in yeti - tegatd.. It. is your interva--
it is your duty—pardon me if I say that it is in-
cumbent upon you to do et,. Your power to dd
benetlt to Ireland (and you are invested' withd,glo-
doll§ opprittunities) imposes upon leis a splendid
obligation. You area part of the public pr-opertt
of Ireland—you have up title to subtract yourself
fromiter—youe peat influence, your vast po....bee-
eiona, your anetra: nebitity, yOur clliefttrieshin
amidst the Petrage—all the Fitzgerald blood dm
for centuries has been shed for Ireland, concla :•:
the creation of a political necessity to adhere to tr,,
the memory of your great ancestors imposes open
yoti a pairZatie obligation ; you read an injaneta:a
of fidelity in the epitaphs of your forefathers, and a
voice issues from the gave, that cries out " Leinate:,
you belong to, Ireland!" (Loud cheers.) Perse-
vere, my Lord, in the course which you have this
night adopted, and vou will speedily .see those ma-
nifestatiGrtvaf usefulness which the confederacy of
Catholics and of Protestants can accomplish. You
have done the the honour to advert to my self, •and
more especially to the somewhat adventurous enter-
prise in which I iceently engaged in England. I .will
not disguise from you that. I. see nothing in thatstet'
deserving of regret ; I never hoped that a grea'.4:thol-
titude of tnett, inflamed by strong passion, would gi, 0
me audience, but I have at least succeeded in 13vni;,,,
the arguments which appeared to me to be of me., t.
force, before the English people; ' and- I have 'tl, •
satisfaction of knowing,' that those arguments he-,
been read its newspapers, in every part of, England.
In those arguments there was nothing new, pethaps ;
but' do think,that Ono/I'one point, I pressed-stronger
evidence in the defence of my religion, than bed
hitherto been commonly employed, I mean its vin&a
cation agaitt!A the charge, that it is hostile to civil
liberty. lam ruin enough toimagine, that on that
head of accusation, I addticed A body of testimonies
from historical records, which it is wholly impos-
sible to overthrow. Men have cavilled at the
,rfe•
port, but did not attempt to encounter the reasoning
and facts which it contained, (Hear.) I own ur2i-
self to be proud of having prevented a defeat:
founded upon clear facts, of the religion of Ireland,
to men accustomed to regard that religion as the
associate of slavery. (Loud cheers.) It is of nil,-
portance that Englishmen should not only reflet:t
upon the Catholic origin of their most valuable re-
stitutions, but that they should travel a little beyond
their own country, and examine the condition, of
Catholic tangle both before and since the Reforma-
tion. My argument, divested of all ornamental
phraseology, is plain and simple. Not only Magna
Chnrta, and Trial by Jury, and Parliament, and the
right of self taxation, and the law against construc-
tive treasons, were introduced before the reign of
Henry VIII. ; but passing out of England, we find
lintt
oat:Ill:1i
-tf
Venice, Genoa, Florence, the name Towns, the
Swiss Republics, and at one period even Spain and
Portugal, in the enjoyment of freedom, while the
Protestant States of the Comtinent, Prussia, Hanover,
Denmark, and Sweden, have all, under the auspices
of Protestantism, been laid prostrate is complete des-
potism. We find, even in our own times,Cathelic States
getting foremost in the race of liberty,.and the Aane-
man republics laying. the foundations of democracy
in the New WOrld. These :facts, however we.rnay
differ as to the conclusions to be drawn,- from theta,
are, at all events, important ; and it iS -Elgin' that
they should be constantly. offered to the English
mind. They may not, at first, shake inveterate an-
tipathies, but by.repeated droppings prejudice is at
last worn away.-!-(Hear, hear,' hear,- and loud
cheers.)—The facts respecting toleration, too,arF, of
the greatest moment. Catholic France, Catholu:
Hungary, and Catholic Bavaria, haVo relieved Pro-
testants from all civil disqualification—this example
in liberality cannot be too often brought before the-
public' eye ; and though others have presented; it
with far more power than I did, perhaps thetscr. a-
sion- on which it was pressed upon men's minds' seas
calculated to give it effect.' I am quite convinced
plead their Ur,n
that Roman Catholics, who should
e,ause:- before English ' assemblies, would produce
'greaterreenits than Protestants,_ who, -with 'twill
'greater abilities,. cenuirt, by, ossibility, be actualcd
by the same strong OPtioqsl Take, for instancy,
hear.),,. It .is
great body of the. English
really surprising what a strong hold-ithiezemonstrixts
set • no valet!. upon.. oaths.,. (Hear, hear.):; Vs' that V e
familiarlyetan:gm:re. . toi rise in an k;!; g"
: hloptihpseeleoil:p.'°ai,loobseiiewcmNhtiab,:sl:ny:::sttikoeof eaandgeorrffe°e great
dtsii .1 aogiallen:rrntehdi s
matterimputation,
to
re-
fute the calumny. .He Would adduce the authority
of the six Universities approved- of by the P4t,
'and would cuter into very .nice and - betiolb-
tie distinctions on the :stihject. -tlut . would a Cat-
tholic take such 'a. course ? • _No, my Lord. A
Catholic, in the midst of au English assembly, on
hearing such a charge adduced, would. start up,•and,
breaking in uporethecaiumniator,-woold cry our, iir
all the ardour of indignant innocertee--and: laying
one hand on his Heart, and lifting the other to that
exclaim, "'Tisfalse !"—(load cheers)—and that ex-
God to whom his attestation is addressed--would
llturbfr
ehmiation, btilitingOtiftif his'heart, would send more
conviction into his auditors than all the retiocittatiooe
ettilet adireeeeemil
that we ought person-
of the most skilful disp:trict.patinbmtie,s,:tootietn•
„tti
101
ge. n
England-that i t
a, c
to b.mbeurperl
ifittsoehlii.
egs:detbs,e.tr_rhL,e, :I::
iirlyiii6.lthoi rhetorician.—(Donn,
4.,
0. :pa
eg:ni
ri
Up.
:mtpii
tl e
lay
that
Perhaps
plitiss
English justice (and, With all their defects the . fel-
needs be. trititnpliantly
ailnoplpjyru-eloosptiurcireautrietyilhadbemenaoruisfounii:raity),
avall:etio6 address ttlhdeiegssreat
at ti.thimame"t such art 4ppeal would be theanore
I do not, for, one,.anticiPatea.niePrd.l
question to a erisis, and it Must
. ,
ford
he i se
convictioneal
ty retrograde. ' The latter altersrative,hOwerer,
tronse
jo.l4r—dibeeescoarrriee'va,d,i,s,;aang-
yielding to
rapidly away—the whole intelligence of England us
, c%ii
ae
csye
eo oifadfLs itpnililfgee;iaSdi
thatiti
dad Cambridge,t. e
s; .phi(eraHcesiienapadtsan
mint
all its ilt
the',
1 phl
ebo.
on our side, the Press, thegreat- engine that works the
brictoiterranntigetelilirtsc,:otl---i.
into action in ourfavour—all clasici are
through cloistered. windoa s,
rain remaining.
and even'in the ancient holdsnostf i
stained with illustrations from Fox's. Alaityrology,
the strong light of a better philosophy is beginning
some veterans,:who, attired in a rusty panoply..stift
.hold their stations, h the bulwarks of intolerance;
to be diffused. There are indeed
and Eldon and Bexley, and the rest of them, maiti-
lain a persevering but impuissant stand , id the meld-
'dering ' towers of which they are the deeripid cti-
tine's. But all-the rising-generation of intellect alai
of rank is marshalled upon 'our side, and: in. the
l'fi"orittflutiinlitfill'aultocahribilmeetora'-.
young nolih;rnan round whom we have gathereti,
fine sample of_ the feelings of, that body to,which lit
belongs, and-of which he may be so justly accounted
un ornament. Hitherto be has only stioketrin Par-
liament aaan advocate, but he will henceforward ap-
pear as a witness for Ireland. ' He will be able, from
what he has-beheld; o givdeiddence as well as trt
supply eloquence, and to contribute trot only -time
power of his high faculties; but-the influence of I.i-..i
