FROM LLOYD'S.

DEAL, MAY 13.—Wind S.E.—Sailed the Rtragon,
Thompson, Co. Jartisici ; Colonist, 13,izley, for Ba,Lidoes ;
Catharine Elizabeth, Merit, for St. Vincents.

PORTSMOUTH, MAY 15.—Wind variable.--Passed by
the Ocean Queen, Jameson, from Mauritius. Arrived the
Baltic Thompson, and Ibinteliff, Cook, from Leghorn ;
and Mary, from Naples. Off port—the Greenock, Fraser,
from J tmaica ; Crescent, Serjeant. from Trinidad ; Jme
Lockhart, Colcroft, from Dominica; and Brothers, .lil-
rnan, from Lisbon.
FA L310171'11, MAY 15.—Wind S. E.—Arrived the Violet,
Chud, from Cadiz. _ _ .

COWES, TAY Is.—Arrived the Cynosure, Hopkins,
from Savannah.

STANGATE CREEK, MAY 15.--Arrived the Eliza-
beth, Richards, from Afes,ina.
BRISTOL, MAY 15.—Arrived the Nelson, Weir, from
Bathidoes, and the Elizibeth, from Lisbon.

MILFORD, MAT 15.—Arrived the Albion, Pollard,
from Memel.

I3R.IGHTON, MAY 15.—Arrived off port, the Arethusa
Boulton, from Van Diemen's Land.

LivEitPoor., MAY 14.—Arrived the Arden, Brophy,
from Grenada; Congreave, Adams, from New Orleans;
Juno, Russell, from Nassau ; Hecla, Allen. and Margaret,
Sutherland, from Savannah ; Newton, from Palermo ;
John, Roberts, from St. Michael's; John Pirie, Wilson,
from Carthagena; and Mersey, Boyce, from Lisbon. Off
Port the Plata, from New Orleans.

Arrived Off the Stift, The Endymion, Westmore-
land, from Jamaica, under jury masts.
The Nelson, Davies, from Ceylon to the Cape of Good
Hope, put into the Mauritius on the 13th of February,
with three feet water in her hold, and it was supposed
would be obliged to discharge.

Yesterday a Court of Directors was held at
the East India House, when PATRICK VANS AGNEW,
Esq., took the usual oath and his seat, as a Director, in
the room ofJOIIN BAILLtE, Esq., deceased.

NATIONAL CONVENTION.—It is reported
that the Union of the Working Classes intend to call an.
other meeting for Monday or Tuesday next, in the vicinity
of the 'Metropolis, and that a number of delegates from the
Birmingham, Manchester, and other Political Unions,
will be present.—From a Correspondent of the Morning
Chronicle.

HOUSE AND WINDOW-TAX.-A vestry was
held yesterday evening in the parish church of St. James,
Clerkenwell, at which resolutions were passed that the
repeal of these taxes should be effected by all constitu-
tional means. One person proposeei a resolution that
every housekeeper should put a paper in his window, de-
claring that he would not pay these taxes any more. The
Chairman refused to put any such resolution. After the
meeting some wag
hoaxed the more simple of the pa-
rishioners with a report that Lord Aurtroae had been
present incog. and heard the discussion. We should hardly
have thought that such a joke would ha\ e been (r:dited
by any one out of the pariah of St. Luke.

•
eelm.etc 't'de OA,

LONDON,
THURSDAY EVENING, MAY 16, 1833.

Some of the partisans of Sir JOHN HOB-.
HOUSE have signified an intention of petitioning
against the return of Colonel EVANS on the
ground of informality—one of the booths in the
parish of St. George not having been quite
ready for polling at the hour required by law on
the first day. As Sir JOHN HOBHOUSE has
discountenanced all attempts to disturb the re-
sult of the contest, and as the petitioners have
no better ground of objection to proceed upon,
we do not suppose they will carry their threat
into execution. In fact, we hear it now reported
that Sir JoHN- is to be sent Ambassador to
Madrid. We wish him a pleasant journey,
though we suspect his course will be be set by
thorns and briers.

We perceive by the Commons' Votes that
several of the Bills brought forward to carry
into effect different reductions in the taxes pro-
posed by Lord A LTHORP in his budget have
passed both Houses of Parliament ; but there
are others which have not even been brought in.
We allude to the announced alterations in the
Stamp Acts. It is now nearly a fortnight since
the House of Commons agreed to resolutions
for abolishing the stamp duties on receipts fur
sums under five pounds, and for reducing the
duties on a certain class of policies of insurance,
and on advertisements, but no step has since
been taken in the matter. The whole of these
changes will be of great immediate advantage,
not only to the parties directly interested, but to
the whole commercial community; and we do
trust that his Lordship will, at an early period,
relieve the anxiety his procrastination has natu-
rally created.

The West India interest are making every
possible effort to prevent the adoption, by the
Legislature, of Mr. STANLEY'S plan for the
gradual abolition of Negro Slavery in the West
India colonies; and as the abolitionists are al-
most as much dissatisfied with the plan as the
West India proprietors, although on very dif-
ferent grounds, it is thought that Ministers will
find it impossible to carry their measure in its
present form and in the present Session of Par-
liament. Those among the West, India interest
who think Mr. STANLEY will succeed, are very
loud in expressing their determination to sell
their property at whatever price it may fetch. It
remains, however, to be seen, whether they will
be rash enough to force sales at a moment when
very few purchasers would be found in the market.
There have been several meetings of the West
India Proprietors since the publication of Mr.
STANLEY'S plan, at one of which it was resolved
to take some means of anticipating the effect of
the Government despatches to the West Indies,
by sending out a fast sailing vessel of their own.
This vessel, vie understand, sailed yesterday, but
of the nature of the instructions sent out by her,
we are, of course, ignorant. They are, probably,
merely precautionary, lest the sudden receipt of
the Ithrough any other channel than that of
levs
West India Proprietors should be attended
with injury to their interests. Some persons
connected with the Government imagine that
the West India Proprietors arc imprudent
enough to contemplate resistance to the will of
the Legislature, should it addpt the plan of Mr.

STANLEY. We do not, however, believe that
there is any ground for such an apprehension.
The West India Proprietors are anxious to do
the best for themselves, but there is not much
probability of their exciting their agents in the
colonies to any acts of open resistance.

We see among the notices of motion for this
evening in the House of Commons one by Mr.
H. HANDLEY for a Bill to repeal so much of an
Act passed 9th GEO. IV., for regulating the
payment of certain duties on Insurances from
loss or damage by fire, as relates to live and
dead farming stock, with a view to reduce the
said duties thereon. This is, we imagine,
another attempt of the agriculturists to steal a
march upon the public. The duties on the
insurance of farming stock are not paid by the
consumer as duties upon articles of con-
sumption generally are. They are, pro
tanto, a deduction from the iniquitous profit
the landowner has secured to himself by
his monopoly of the corn market, so that
to abolish them would be a clear loss to the
public at large. In other words, it would be
permitting landlords, for their own exclusive
benefit, to appropriate to themselves a portion
of the revenue—would be allowing them to take
so much from the Exchequer and transfer
it to their own pockets. The most
simple and honest way of doing the thing
would be at once to move a grant of so
many thousands of pounds, " to that portion of
his Majesty's subjects who own land, the
said grant to be divided amongst the said
parties, in proportion to the quantity of land
they possess." However it may be disguised,
that is the plain English of Mr. HANDLEY'S
motion. We suppose we shall hear of the
reduction which has been made in the duty
upon marine policies of insurance, as justi-
fying, indeed calling for, this relief in favour
of landowners. But in this case all the
arguments are reversed. Instead of being
exclusively granted to particular interests,
it is one granted to the whole public. Even
if the revenue should suffer a diminution
to the whole extent of the duty repealed, it
would be so much clear gain to every
individual in the community, from the highest
to the lowest. It is tolerably certain, however,
that the revenue will not lose by the reduction
of the duty, because policies now effected at
Hamburg, and other parts of the Continent,
will revert to our underwriters. We shall not
be surprised, however, to hear the agriculturists,
with their usual candour, declare that this is a
concession to the commercial interest which
ought to be balanced by one, as they pretend, to
the fanners. But it is hardly probable that their
present petty pickpocket scheme will pass muster.

The House of Commons was last night
counted out at a few minutes before seven
o'clock, that is to say, that the subject then under
discussion was considered by Hon. Members
of so little interest that forty of them could not
be got to stay in the House. The subject thus
unceremoniously treated, was that of the claims
of the Baron DE BODE upon the fund granted
by the French Government for the indemnity of
British subjects. Whether the Baron has had
more or less justice from the Commissioners
we will not now inquire, but it certainly does
appear that his cave cannot command the atten-
dance of forty Members of the tribunal to which
he appeals in the last resort.

The House of Commons has published the
resolutions on the subject of slavery, proposed
by Mr. STANLEY in Committee the other
evening, rather an unusual course, but justified
by the extraordinary nature of the case, even if
common sense did not dictate it in every instance.
The avowed object of his Majesty's Govern-
ment is to gather the opinion of the public
upon the proposition it has submitted to Par-
liament. ‘Ve give the resolutions as they stand
in the paper sent us from the House of Com•
