communities, by emulation, and moreover by the
sympathy of vengeance and hatred, with their
race, is a new and alarming phenomenon. Such
an example is a perpetual excitement. to insubor-
dination and insurrection. It is true St. Domingo
has been long independent de facto ; but the di-
vided state of the island, and the claim of domi-
nion by France, kept it in a condition very dif-
ferent from the attitude which it will assume, re-
lieved from all foreign apprehensions, improving
its resources, and extending its communications
the natural consequence of becoming
securely independent de jure. The great
progress which the slaves have made in
mental improvement and the arts of civilized
life, only renders them more accessible. Chris-
tianity certainly does not inculcate insurrection.
But it would be a poor compliment to the Bible
to say it reconciles men to a life of slavery, when
they may live—or at the worst, may die free.
The friends of instruction to the slaves have the
merit of being consistent—for they are all ad-
vocates for the total abolition of slavery—the
only difference being whether it should be abo-
lished by degrees, or immediately. If coercion
by superior force be looked to as the means of
peace and security—this, considering the propor-
tion of coloured population, slave and free (for
the latter are not without their just resentments),
can be had only by sending out regiments to the
amount of un overawing army of occupation--a
very serious prospect for the planters and the
Government.

[THE TIMES.]
Fresh projects and speculations break out, if
we may so say, every day. It is now understood
that a merchant—and one even of the first re-
spectability—has concluded a contract with the
King of Spain, for working some mines in the
neighbourhood of Madrid, and that he is now re-
ceiving subscriptions for shares in an Associa-
tion which is about to be formed for that pur-
pose. Our opinion of all these schemes is well
known. We sincerely hope, and indeed con-
fidently believe, that money will be sunk in,
not extracted from, these mines. It has now
ceased to astonish, but not to disgust us, to
observe how little British capitalists are go-
verned by moral principle in the disposal and
employment of their money. Should the present
project prove successful, it would he opening a
new source of revenue to the King of Spain,
which might perhaps sustain his wretched Go-
vernment for a while longer. But leaving ho-
nour and integrity out of the ease in this transac-
tion, why, we ask, should mines succeed now,
which have long ceased to pay the expence of
working them ? And what security can the spe-
culators promise themselves in a country govern-
ed like Spain ?

[NEW TIMES.]
A Meeting of Silk Dyers was held on Monday
last, for the purpose of assisting the Weavers and
Wool-combers of Bradford, in Yorkshire, who
have so long and so obstinately refused to work
at their former wages. It is impossible not to
respect the generous sentiments of the Silk
Dyers ; but our regret is that so much good
principle and kind feeling should be thrown
away upon an object really more prejudicial
to the interests 'of the working classes than
of their employers. The account of the Ship-
wrights' Meeting at Portsmouth places Mr. J.
Gast in a very different light from that cast on
him by the flattering pages of the Trades' News-
paper. Fortunately the strike of the Shipwrights
is terminated ; and now that the men. are cool,
we hope they will look back with some indigna-
tion upon the way its which they have been de-
luded by those who promised them an easy vic-
tory over their employers. What good have they
gained to themselves or their families by the sacri-
fice of their time and wages for several months ?
Their loss is obvious ; and they will long feel its
consequencesi in the diminished comforts of
themselves and their families. Still, we' fear,
they are so far under the influence of error as to
look upon " the Union" as a desirable establish-
ment, and the agitators as worthy of their confi-
dence. Let them examine this matter a little
more closely. Let them reflect on the vain,
conceited, and insolent language of Gast, who
styles himself " a light in their path," and
impudently calls upon them to maintain sub-
ordination to himself and his colleagues.—
Let them read Mr. Young's letter, convicting
Purdy of the grossest misrepresentation. When
they have done this, they will, perhaps, better
feel the force of the statement made by the Com-
mittee of the House of Commons, that " the re-
spective Associations are themselves under the
influence of agitators, who dispose and govern
them according to their will, deriving power and
importance from the dissensions they foment : and
r: slily urging the destruction of trade itself, reck-
less of the individual misery, the crimes and pub-
lic calamities with which it must be attended."

[MORNING cllttomicLE.J
The proceedings at Bow-street, in the case
of Mr. Gamble, have excited a very general
indignation among all classes of people. We
were literally overwhelmed yesterday with let..
ters on the subject. We have looked into
the various reports of the case, which do not
materially differ from one another. In one
of thew, Mr. Gamble is described as finical
in his appearance, and somewhat flippant in
his manner. If this were the case—and we
can easily believe in the latter peculiarity, if
that can be called a peculiarity, which may
be said to be characteristic of the youth of all
great cities, who generally lose their modesty long
before they gain their sense—it does not at all
affect the real merits of the question. That
question is, was Mr. Gamble properly committed
till he found security ? This, of course, leads to
the examination of the transaction with the
watchman, which led to the imprisonment of Mr.
Gamble for the night, and to his introduction to
the ofr-• of Bow-street. It is not contended
that Mr. Gamble was committing any breach of
the peace, or doing any thing which might rea-
sonably be supposed would lead to a breach of
the peace, when he was ar.costed by the watch-
man. He was speaking, es he says, to a
French Lady, in Bedford-street, Covent-gar-
