MAJORITY OF I
On the Second Resolution ft

a Le
Bellew, R. M.—Louth
Chapman, M. L— Westmeath
Christmas, W.—Waterford
Dobbin, L.—Armagh
Fitzgerald, Thos.—Louth Co.
Fitzgibbon, R.—Limerick Co.
Grattan, J.—Co. of Wicklow
Hill, Lord M.—Newry
Lambert, H.—Wexford Co.
MIN O.

Barry, G. S.—Cork Co.
Blake, M.—Galway
Finn, W. F.—Kilkenny
Galway, J. M.—Waterford Co.
Jephaon, D. O.—Mallow

ROUSE OF LORDS, Juzr 1.

The LORD CHANCELLOIL took his seat on the woolsack
shortly after five o'clock.
The Duke of RICHMOND presented the Report of
the Select Committee on the Agricultural Labourers Bill,
which was ordered to be printed, and taken into further
consideration on Thursday nat.
Lord FOLEY presented petitions from different par..
of Worcestershire, against slavery.
Lord RODEN presented a petition from Ferns, praying
for an alteration in the criminal code.

Lord SUFFIELD presented a petition from the Quakers
of London, signed by 681 persons, for the aboliti,n
tithes.

Lord BELHAVEN presented a petition from Stone.
house, praying for an alteration in the system of church
patronage in Scotland. The Noble Lord also presented a
petition from the Ministers and Elders of the General
Assembly of the Church of Scotland, against the system
of national education in Ireland.

Lord RODEN deprecated the presentation of the latter
petition by the Noble Eirl without notice, coming as it did
from ao important a body as the Ministers and Elders of
the Church of Scothm,l. /f notice bad been given, it
would have enabled him to bring down communications
he hai received from the General Astkmhir— w.l:lfA' ;"'
would have reall:nr-01diir to acquaint the
ILA..e whet the real feeling of the people of Scotland
was on this important subject, and what disgust tbty now
felt in seeing such a system still allowed to be pursued.

Lord BELHAYEI\ said he had intimated to the Noble
Earl opposite (Haddington, we believe) hi• intention to
present the petition, stating at the genie time that he
would present it ou any day that would be most conve-
nient to him; but he did not conceive it his duty to
give public notice of his intention to present the petition.
He obeyed the wish of the general assembly in laying these
petitions before the House, but be thought he should not
be altogether doing his duty if he entered at all into the
general discussion of the cause of the adoption of the
petition. _ _ _

Tne Earl of HADDINGTON, considering the situa-
ti in in his :.:oble Friend stood with respect to
the A.s2mhly of the Church of Scotland, was not at all
surprised at his not wishing to enter into the circumstances
under which the petition was adopted. In justice to the
petitioners, he felt bound to say, that he felt assured this
petition had not not been got up for the purpose of embar-
ras-ing his Majesty's Minkters. The opinion of the Church
of Scotland appeared to be, that there ought to be in every
school in Ireland a Protestant class, in which the Bible
should be the class book. The petition, however, which
had been presented would bear the interpretation of going
further than thiA, and the division in the General As-
sembly smile out of that supposition.
Tne Etrl of WICKLOW thought the real nature of
the Board of Education in Ireland bad been greatly mis-
represented in Parliament, it baying been stated as being
perfectly successful in Ireland. He was quite sure
his Majesty's Ministers were not aware of the impositions
that had been practised on the p..Wic by it.
Viscount MELBOURNE would deceive their Lordships

if he did not st ite that the petition gave him great concern,
coming as it did from so great and important hody.
tie could not but express his rrgret that the (ioneral
Ascetnhly of the Church of Scotland had felt themselves
called upon to travel so far out of what he must consider
their line of duty as to pronounce the condemnation of a
. .

wbt
ooe cr
kat uel,
dsee
wi
et l
I.wants
orr differedthlisrfmer
petition
idttlhoenai
nr
ewwn nth Lc
la:
el t
od uadaptedcha
at iv oe n
:w)Y' ee
fmmo u 'on
'f
de
leegth of saying that the Roman Catholic of Ireland were
to have no education at all unless upon such terms as the
General Assembly approved of. Whatever might be the
Afect of the petition on his Majesty's Government, it was
as nothing compared to the publication of such eentiments
trom su,h a body. In the minority to which the Noble
Earl (Haddingtun) alluded there were many individuals
eminent alike for their learning and piety. Among theta
he might mention Dr.. and the Principals of the
Universities of Aberdeen and Glasgow.
The Earl of WICKLOW said it was not a want of
..ourtesy to the Noble Lira (Melbourne) which prevented
es from having previously mentioned the subject to which
ue alluded. It was suggested at the moment by the petition.
The Bishop of EXE.TER said the Noble Lord kMel•
bourne) charged the General Assembly with a want of
ilaerality fur having agr-ed to this petition.
Lord MELBOURNE—I made no such charge.
The B.shop of EXETER said the itoprtesion on hish
nind, twin the geney;J tenor of the 14,,b1e L.rtre speec ,
,s, that he mitaidcred the General Aa.eitibly as having
+kgr,,e,d themselves by rmeh s petition, wli.; 1., unless
went to
Muse assiatauce tor the eox.,lashatent of sem
of having the &w
sore, r.c ove.l as a
woo the condition
N f RULO9IIII Catii,dies,ur atly other sect,
;as book. • •
Id an opinion that tLe S,tiptures were not fit to be
received is oClitoOlir, be could not sec that it W. 14 thsgr..ctlul
a the majority of any Protestant asnihiily to ,sprta. Unit

VP • .5 -

condetsmatinta of _such an opinion. If any body of pro
fessing :Christians did .not adroit the Bible into their system
of instructionohey were unworthy of the protection anal
-encouragement of a. Protestant Government. This objec-
tion on the part of the Roman Catholics was not general,
for they were told that. the Roman Catholic Bishop rf
Glasgow adtpitted Roman children to attend the schools
of Scotland, in which the Bible was used by all the scholars
as w class-honk. If the CatholiC Clergy of Ireland, there-
fare, were for driving it out of the schools, they must he
acting not upon religious scruples, but from disingenuous
motives. Very many Catholics in Ireland now sent their
children to those schools in which the Scriptures were
need. It was, therefore, evident that there was nothing
essentially opposed to the feelings of the Roman Catholics
in requiring that the bible should be read.
After a few words from the Earl of HADDINGTON and
the Duke of Wer,traurrota, the petition was ordered to lie
on the tal4e.
The Marquis of STAFFORD presented a petition
against the present Sale of Beer Act.
The Earl of GOSFORD presented a petition for the
repeal of the malt tax ; and four others from various
places, praying for the abolition of negro slavery.
INFIRMARIES (IRELAND) BILL.
The Marquis of WESTMEATH, after a few worde,
moved the order of the day for the second reading of the
Infirmaries (Irelenal) Rill.
The Earl of WICKLOW slid that as the Bill was one
of great importance, he wished to know whether any one
of his Majesty's numerous Ministers were willing to sup-
poi t it ; if that were the case he would not oppose the
second reading this day, but be thOught that some Minister
of the Crown should vouch for the safety of this measure.
The Duke of RICHMOND said, as one of the " nume-
rous". Ministers, being the only one present except his
Noble and Learned Friend on the Woolsack, he would say
be had come to listen to any discussion which might arise ;
and he thought the Noble Earl would have done better had
he, instead of alluding to his Majesty's " numerous" Mi-
nisters, suggested his own alterations or objections to the
Bill.
The Marquis of WESTMEATH stated the Bill made very
little alteration in the existing law, while it went to consoli-
date the var;ous Acts of Parliament, and contained three
clauses which went to prevent moneys which were raised
from different counties for affording relief to sick and in-
firm from being diverted from other than their proper
purposes, namely, in supporting the poor in hospitals.
The Earl of WICKLOW declared that he did not oh-
ject to the principle of the Bill ; but when he saw three
pages of the Act occnpied with the recital of other Arts
of Parliament which were repealed by this, he thought
their Lordship ought first to have the sanction of the Mi-
nisters before they proceeded to the second reading of the
Bill, and he thetefore wished it to be postponed.
The Duke of RICHMOND tirotestid against the -
trine laid down by the Noble Earl, that his Majesty's :vat-
nisters were to be responsible for these Bills ; they sat as
Peers, and the duty of every other Noble Lord was only
what theirs was.
Toe Duke of WELLINGTON thought it hest it should
be postponed till to-morrow, as the Bill related to a •111)•
ject of very great importance. He believed it to form one
of the most painful parts of a Minister's duty (as we un-
derstood the Noble Duke) to make himself acquainted with
such Bills.
The second reading was then postponed till to-morrow.
The House adjourned at half past six.

IMPERIALPARU_AM EN'

THIS DAY, TUESDAY, July 2.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
On entering' the gallery at the usual hour, we found
about forty Members in the House.
Upon the motion of Mr. FINN, the Carlow, Kilkenny,
and Tipperary Road Bill, was read a third time and passed.
Lord ACHESON presented a petition from Robert
Burton, of Newry, against the Dublin Steam Packet

Company Bill.
The Order of the Day was then read for the adjourned

d.l;ate 'm the
DUBLIN STEAM-PACKET COMPANY BILL.
Upon the motion of Mr. O'CONNELL, the Bill was

read a third time.
Lord SANDON proposed a clause, by way of rider, for
the purpose of exempting the pilots of Liverpool, Hull,
and Belfast, from the operation of the Bill.
The House having resclved itself into Committee upon

this clause.
S r EDWARD CODRINGTON moved, its an amend-
ment, that the words," any pilOts whatever," should be
'inserted, instead of those of " the pilots of Liverpool,
Bull, a- !fast." '
Mr. !t)i'I.NSON expressed his cpinion thst the elvise
should he Ina& general.
Colonel EVANS inquired why the pilots of other ports
were excluded from the chute?
Lord SANDON—The pilots of particular ports had
been mentioned, because they were those from which
alone any dissent had been received by the Committee.
Sir E. CODRINOTON objected to the protection of

any partial interest's.
Mr. O'CONNELL could see no reason for any legis-
eating on the subject, becatase the Bill could not in a«y
way affect the privileges of the pilots.
Mr. ROBINSON thought that was good ground for
rejecting the whole clause.
Mr. EWART and Lord Saranoez wished only that the
peculiar, privileges of those pilots, conveyed to them by
Am ter and by Aets ?sail...at, should be protected.
shat the clause
Sir S.WHALLEY was of
aboteld he omitted altogether.
O'CONNELL would not have objected to the
clause were It not that in ibe first place it was unneces-
sary, and'in the second if it were inserted it would he
likely to hinder the progress of the Bill in another place.
Lord SANDON withdrew the clause, and the House
ghee resumed.
Mr. O'CONNELL then brought up the report, and
moved Oree clauses to the effect, that the additional capi-
tal to he' raised under this Bill should be applied to the
improvement of the river Shannon, and that a cEstinct
account of the profits arising from it should be kept anti
published in the Dublin papers every half year. That
was unanimously agreed to. The other was giving a
power to sue any one of the Directors, as a nominal
4efendant, on behalf of the Company.
PEASE objected to the clause, as it would place
an individual Director in a very precarious situation,
in
the case of any damage being done by the servants of the
Company.
Mr: Sergeant PERRIN also strongly objected to it as
?Innecessary, a former clause having provided that the
company should sue and be sued by the name of the
p9blin Steam Packet Company. He could see no neces-
sity ftir the clause, Which, in his opinion, would be in-
onnsistent with the other one.
After a few words from Mr. SHELL and Mr. LYNCH,
Mr. O'CONNELL said be would withdraw the clause.
All he Intended by it was to give a greater facility to the
public, and those to whom the Company owed money.
Mr. POULETT THOMSON said this Bill gave
e.ert4in powers to the Company, for the purposes of
navigation in all parts of the United Kingdom, except
. the Thames and-Clyde; he could see no reason why the
finciies and Glue shotA i.e excMed, and h: would
therefore p(uposed to expunge that exception from the Bill
of the Clyde and Thames. and he trusted he should be sup-
ported by the tibuse in doing so. There were ,oine ob-
ections to the Bill on other grounds, namely, that it was
a pill limiting the responsibility of the party con-
gasped ; but, he was bound to say, the Bill came be-
fore the House under very peculiar circumstances.
Originally it was proposed that the capital should be
1300,0001. ; the capital was reduced to 226,000/., and
now all they asked war to he placed on the same footing
they would have'been on if. the Bill had been origine,ly
passed. He thought there were good grounds for el'ex-
ing the limited responsibility in this case.
Mr. O'CONNELL said, that considering there had
been only. a majaiity of one in Committee in f(vour of
the insertion of the words " other than the ports and har-
honor in the River Thames and Clyde," he should not re-
sist the withdrawing those words from the Bill.
After a few Words from Mr. It.'POTTER, the expul-
inOn of those worde were agreed tit, and the Bill passed.
MAGISTRATES OF IRELAND.
Mr. P. O'CONNOR rose tit present a petition corn-
plainine of the injustice of the msgistrates of Ireland, signed
by 1,500 of the inhabitants of Kilbrightran in Limerick.
He (Mr. O'Connor) continued to receive communications
every day from Ireland, complaining that the magistrates,
who were lay impropriators and tithe proctors, should be
complainants and Judges in the same cause. He was aware
it was ridiculous to etand up in that House and present
a petition, signed by 1,500 persons, complaining of the
magistrates, nut the injustice of tie Irish magistracy had
often caused it to be his painful duty to proseente them.
It was a very difficult thing to substantiate a charge against
a magistrate ; but if justice was not to be got from
that House, where • was it to be appl ed for ?
He bad shown the petition to the Right Hon. the Se-
cretary for Ireland, and he had told him he did not know
what was to be done, and if the Secretary for Ireland lied
been in his place, he (Mr. O'Connor) would tell him he
was not a fit Secretary for Ireland, if h (lid w t
I • a .rsa dot,, i.£ the Guvanmen

to keep pure the channels of justice in Ireland.
The Hon. Member instanced the tyrannical conduct of
Mr. O'Driscol, and called upon Ministers to revise the
magisterial system in Ireland, which was notorious for
bid judgment, injustice, and cruelty.
Colonel FITZGIBBON defended the characters sf
some of the magistrates alluded to in the petition.
Mr. SPRING RICE knew the parties well, and bore
testimony to their respectability and good conduct as
magistrates.—(Hear, hear.) He thought these charges
arose from political feeling, which ought not to be made
the vehicle of personal attack. With respect to the
church cess, which had given rise to so much discussion,
he could not but congratulate the people of Ireland upon

their relief from its imposition.
Mr. F. O'CONNOR—The magistrates complained of
might have conducted themselves very well up to the pe-
riod of their being colleagues of the Right Hon. GentL-
man. It was their subsequent conduct of which complaint

was made.
Dr. BALDWIN hoped that no prejudice would he ex-
cited against the Right Hon. Secretary for Ireland before
he had had time afforded to bim to evince his feeling f
that country. His conduct already had been such as to
deserve confidence rather than to promote censure.
Lord SANDON disliked the introduction of such
charges as were contained in the petition, without an
opportunity bring afforded to the parties mentioned to
meet those charges. It was condemning them on ex

parte evidence —(Hear.)
Mr. ROBINSON—No such charges should he thus
made, unless in cases where application for redress had

been refused by the executive Government.
Mr. F. O'CONNOR, after a few observations from
Colonel FITZGIBBON, asked leave to withdraw the petition.
Mr. O'CONNELL regr tted the total irrespomihility
of Magistrates in Ireland, but expressed his confidence in
the present Right Hon. Secretary. In England a return
had been made of the appeals against Magistrates in the
Court of King's Bench, which showed that out of thirty
applications against Magistrates not a single eriminal in-
formation had been granted—(Hear, hear)—and in a few
ca-es only had they been amerced in costa. The juris-
diction of the Court of King's Bench over Magistrates was
perfectly nugatory.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. FINN had tiocu meuts in Ins possession which proved

to him that two magistrates were guilty of conniving at
legal murder—documents which were known to the
Magistrates but withheld upon the trial, and which bad
they been produced would have placed the witness upon
whose evidence the two men were convicted in thedock for
perjury—the Magistrates not only withheld them at the trial,
but eveu after the men bad been ordered for execution:
and but for his (111 r. F.'s) intervention, they would
have suffered, and who but would say that these men
would have been murdered.

Dr. BALDWIN said the Hon. Member for Worcester
had misstated what had fall-n from him.
Sir A. AGNEW presented presented petitions in
favour of the better observance of the Sabbath, from
Great Grimsby, the clergy of the diocese of Cork and
Ross, and several other places.
Mr. PETER requested Hon. Members, before they
voted against his Bill, to peruse it carefully. Its object
was to interfere with no man's religion or irreligion, pro-
vided it did not insult or interfere with that of others.
Mr. HYATT presented a petition from Stroud, against
the rating of swell tenements.
Mr. GROTE presented a petition from some of the
most ancient, opulent, and substantial mercantile Louses
trailing between London and Oporto, complaining of the
grew, pecuniary, and other losses sustained by them, in
consequence of their property, to the =cunt of one hundred
thow.and pounds sterling, situate on the south side of the
Douro being exposed to continual hazard, arising out of
the warfare continued against Portugal for the last ten
month,..—(Hear.) The solvency, if not the very exist-
ence, of the petitioners, depended on some decided
steps being taken by Gov-rarnent. Their property to a
great extent was injured by the cannon balls, and the
bursting of shells among their wine magasines.—(Hear,
hear.) They hail been anxious to get their wines
shipped to this country, but from difficulties and delay
interposed by the Government of Don Miguel. it had b•en
found impracticable; and they now intreated the sym-
pathy and support of the House, for the purpose of m 'king
some vigorous effort to rescue their property from
its present hasardoul and ruinous state. They did not
in any degrre complain of the conduct of his Majesty's
Government, but the inquiry of this distress still impelled
them to seek their assistance in the immediate liberation of
their property. The parties had done every thing they could
to effect the removal of the difficulties which had oppssed
the exportation of the wines; they had even offered
the payment of double duties to the contenting
parties, but they were defeated in their efforts. The
Flan. Member commended the petition to the attention
and serious couvideration and sympathy of his Majesty's
Government.
Mr. ROBINSON supported the prayer of the petition.
The Newfoundland trade would be seriously affected in
consequence of the shutting up of the port of Oporto.
The very existence of the parties concerned in that
trade depended entirely upon the ports of Por-
tugal being accessible.—(H,ar.) He made no charge
against the Government, on the contrary, he believed that
all persons connected with the trrde of Portugal were
pert-, oily satisfied with the steps the Government had taken,
and that it had been anxious to do justice.
Lord PALMERSTON could assure the House this
p •
etition had not escaped the attention of the Government,
and he was much obliged to the Hon. Gentleman who
had jest eat down for doing' juaticc to the anxiety the
Government had felt to do ju, dice to the petitioners, but there
was some little difficulty in interfering in this matterwithou
appearing ti.-tltapars from that line of neutrality which the'
Governm-nt bad determined to par mes a.V‘..re—Saiiie time,
occasions might arise in which it would he imperatiec on
the Government to interfere in defer.,',lng British sub •
jects. It was true, that by the treaties between the
two countries even in case of war between England and
Portugal, the subjects of this realm would have a right to
remove their persons and their property without mo!esta-
tion, and therefore it did appear to bim they were doubly
entitled to that facility in time of peace.--(Hear, hear.)
It is not on the part of the merchants that any difficulty
arose, the existing difficulties arose on the part of the
Government of Miguel. They were still in communication
with that Government, and therefore he was anxi-
ous that an arrangement should be made which
would be satisfactory to parties. He could not help
declaring his opinion that the manner in which that war-
fare had been carried on by the army of Don Miguel
against Oporto, was a system of war unprecedented
in the history of civilized countries.—(Hear.) He could
only say, Government had declared to the authorities of Den
Miguel that they would hold Portugal responsible
for all damage done to British property in consequence of
Don Miguel's refusal to let it be withdrawn from Oporto.
After the presentation of several other petitions the
Speaker left the Chair.

The National Scotch Church, Regent-square,
was filled on Sunday by perhaps one of the most nume-
rous and respectable congregations ever assembled within
the walls of a church. Such, indeed, was the anxiety to
hear the Rev. Dr. CHALMERS, who had been announced
to preach on the eccasion, that the church was crowded
to overflow lone before the service commenced, and thou•
sands were unable to find admittance.
ANECDOTE OF HER MAJESTY AND THE
DUKE or WELLINGTON.-At the late Fancy Fair her
MAJESTY bought at one of the stalls a handsome purse,
which slte displayed to the Duke of WELLINGTON, and
asked the opinion of his Grace on it. The Duke said be
thought it very handsome. Her MAJESTY reptied she was
gla 1 he thought so, fur she purchased it for him, and
forth, ith presented it.— Sunday Paper.
The Cour Royale has confirmed the decision
of the Tt ibunal de Premiere Instance in the case of the
heirs of the Prince de SALM against CHARLES X,, by
which it is declared that a debt incurred by the latter
during the emigration, ;or troops raised for the purpose of
invading France, is illegal, and cannot be enforced belute
a French trihun d.— Galignani's Messenger.
THE ORDER OF THINGS.—The great author,
CHATEAUBRIAND, dislikes the present Order of Thing,-•
That distinguished genius, LAMARTINE, does not sing the
present Order of Things. The poet, DELAVIGNE, is un-
faithful to the Order of Things. The celebrated orator,
BERRYER, is opposed to the Order of Things. The great
savant, As.Aoo, is against the Order of Things. BER-
TRAND, the friend of the Great Captain, is no friend to
the Ot der of Things. The best artists, painters, sculp-
tors, savahs of all nations residing in France, have no
especial reason to adore the present Order of Things.
Poor Order of Things !—French Paper.
On Sunday afternoon, Mr. Wood, a respect-
able butcher, of Highgate, was passing along Caen Wood,
the seat of the Earl of Mansfield, when he observed a hu-
man body suspended to e tree at a considtrah;e height
from the ground. The Lady was in a state of decon►posi-
tion, and it appeared that the deceased had taken off his
drawers and shirt and torn them into strips, so as to make
a line. The deceased seems to have been about 19 years
of age, and of a genteel figure. His body now lies at the
Mitre public house, Highgate. It is singular that a gen-
tleman passed by the tree on Thursday last, and picked up
a pair of boots, but he did not perceive the th ceased in
...... . ..r h.inht from which he was su,neaded.7:

4c.0
jKliricis)
, *lttito

LONDON,
TUESDAY EVENING, JULY 2, 1833.

The Report of the Committee of the
House of Commons on the House of Com-
mons' Building,;, has at length been print-

ed. It is accompanied by no less than
two and twenty plans for alterations of the
present set of buildings. The Committee has
decided that the present House of Commons
does not afford adequate accommodation for its
Members, and that no alterations or improve-

ments can be made in the present House which
will afford it,—due regard being had to the
health anti general convenience of the Members,
to the despatch of public business, and to
the expense to be incurred. The Committee
therefore recommends the erection of a new
building. The architects who have furnished
plans, which are given in the report, are Sir
JOHN SOANE, JAMES SAVAGE, JOHN DEER•
ING, ADAM LEE, EDWARD BLORE, FRANCIS
GOODWIN, DECIMUS BURTON, GEORGEI3A-
SEVI, Sir JEFFRY WYATVILLE,'aud GEORGE
ALLEN. Besides these; tile Right Hon. W.
CROKER, late np., and Mr. WAsON and
Mr. 1-1
—TRACY, present M.Ps., have furnished
amateur plans ; and Mr. SAVAGE has pro-
duced a plan made by the late WM. KENT, in
1739. It would be presumption in us, with-
out full examination, to attempt to decide
upon the merit of the several plans pro-
posed to the Committee ; but there are one or
two principles which ought not to be lost sight
of in considering this question. The offices of
the House of Commons ought, in any new build-

ing, to_ be concentrated ; accommodation ought
to be afforded to all the Members; and as the
erection will, it is hoped, last for ages, it ought
to be one which shall not be a disgrace to
our taste. We do not say that expense
should be disregarded, or that the pre-
sent buildings should not he turned to as great
account as possible ; but we do say, that ex-
pense, on such an occasion, should be a secon-
dary consideration. We cannot agree with a
Morning Contemporary, that the nation cannot
afford 20,0001., or even 50,0001., or if need
were 100,0001. for a proper place in which its
Representatives may discuss its affairs. After
giving many millions to Russia on at hest a
doubtful consideration of policy, and millions
more to the West Indians on a disputed claim
of right, it would be strange if the first empire
in the world should not he able to afford a
House of Assembly to its Representatives.
Aniong the va-i.;us plans before us, there is one
which stands out from the others, by a proposi-
tion which, whatever else be done, we trust will
be adopted. It is that of Mr. GOODWIN's, for
givitig a proper approach to the actual place of
assembly, by doing away with the useless
rooms which at present make the approach
from the Members' waiting or cloak-room to
the lobby of the House more like the winding
passages to the robbers cave in Gil Bias than
anything else ; a simile by the way which struck
us, before Mr. COBBETT, in his Grammar,
thought fit to call the Honourable House " a
den of thieves." Mr. GooDwiN shows that a
magnificent approach might he made to the
House at very little expense, as all the present
walls might be preserved. We will not, as we
said before, presume to give any opinion upon
the merits of any of the plans ; but Mr. GOOD-
WIN'S idea with respect to this approach is so
simple, as well as beautiful, that we should be
prejudiced in his favour. At any rate we trust
that this idea will not be lost sight of.

There are, and have been, for the last fifty
years and upwards, a certain set of men among
us whose whole time—attention—thoughts—
resources, &c., are absorbed i❑ the one darling
passion for notoriety. To secure this triumph
they will stick at nothing, however absurd or
maniacal ; whether it be holding forth in Un-
known Tongues; professing to cure all maladies,
by rubbing holes in people's backs of the size of

a parish poor-box ;or projecting impracticable '
bills for the better promotion of Sunday starva-
tion. Sir A. AGNEW'S mode of securing
notoriety is this last. He has been lifted up
into eminence by his preposterous Sabbath Ob-
servance Bill. And to do him justice, he
has chosen his path wisely. Of all cants,
the cant religious is the surest and
speediest means of achieving notoriety. It
is a hit between wind and water—a two-edged
sword that cuts both ways. It's very ultra-
absurdity tells in its favour—extorts, as it were,
the attention and astonishment of all parties.
When the observant Captain LEMUEL GUL-
LIVER visited the college at Laputa, he founti
that that professor was by far the most generally
talked of, whose plans of new improvements were
the most absurd and impracticable. Sir A.
AGNRW has evidently derived benefit from this
hint.
The Saint's Bill, comes on, we see, to-night,
in the House of Commons. As it is but a
variorum edition of the last, we confidently anti-
cipate that it will meet with the same fate. But
let not Sir ANDREW be aggrieved at this. He has
already gained all he can possibly desire. He
is notorious, to the utmost extent of notoriety ;
is more talked of than ever were the Siamese
twins ; more laughed at than ever was M. CHA-
BERT, the fire-eater ; more the subject of
askinishment, than ever were the Hottentot
Venus, or the pig-faced lady. Besides, has
not CRUICKSHANK caricatured him ? What
more, then, can he demand ?
But, to be serious, we have no patience with
such cant. Oar very gorge rises at the nos-
trum that Sir ANDREW, and the quacks of
his school, would cram down our throats. His
Bill destroys all healthy, religious feeling, by
grafting on it the rottenest hypocrisy. It is a
premium on deceit and uncharitableness.
If it succeed, then adieu to the true,
lowly, chaste spirit of piety, and welcome, instead,
. the noisy, unblushing triumph of puritanical
quackery ! Let all liberal men forthwith forswear
their consciences, abjure their scruples, follow
the new fashion, adopt the new religion, toss
• up their hats, and shout, " Long life to the
conqueror— Vive Humbug !"

It will be seen by the communication from
the Stamp-office, that the new advertisement
duty and Marine Insurance Bill comes into ope.
ration on Friday next, the sth July. We men.
tion this for the information of our Provincia
Contemporaries, and the advertising public it
general. The Sun will give the public the benefit
of the full reduction in the advertisement duty

The French papers of Sunday contain no par-
ticular news. They state that accounts had been
received from Madrid of the 22d June, at which
time the Carlists had made a feeble attempt to
raise the standard of revolt, but were soon put
down.

Lord ALTHORP'S resolutions on the Bank
Charter proceed slowly, only the second and
third being agreed to last night, although his
Lordship app cared to expect, early in the
evening, that with the exception of the sixth
and eighth (those relating to Joint Stock
Banks) which he withdrew for the present, he
should be able to get through the whole of
them. At the same time that his Lordship
spoke of this hope, he announced an al-
teration in his plan of a more singular
nature than we had imagined it possible
to devise. Parties are to he allowed to
obtain sovereigns in the country for a five-
pound note. The idea of checking a run
for gold by interposing Bank of England paper,
ig something like attempting to bind down a fire
by a flaxen band, and this allowing 5/. notes
to be changed for sovereigns will have just the
same effect as loosening the band. Lord AL-
THORP says, that a man shall have gold for one
5/. note, but not for two. All that his Lord-
ship will do will be to oblige the man to send
his servant with the other, for to suppose that

he will not contrive to get rid of it, and get gold,
as long as gold is to be got at all, is one of
those absurdities which we should have hoped
experience would have guarded Lord ALTHORP
against. Lord ALTHORP'S misfortune is to
be induced too hastily to meet the wishes of
others without consideration. He has adapted
his present plan without consideration, instead
of another proposed by himself to the
Bank, which was equally taken up with-
out consideration. The alteration he pro-
posed last night was also brought for-
ward without consideration, and when Sir R.
PEEL showed him its extreme absurdity, he was
strongly inclined, without consideration, to
withdraw it. He, however, persevered in it, but
we doubt not that in his Bill he will introduce
soma clause again varying his proposition.
A pamphlet has lately been published by
RIDGWAY, in the shape of a Letter from a
Country Banker to Lord ALTHO.IIP on his
proposed plan, which, although unneeesivarily
running foul of the Scotch Bankers because they
take care of themselves, contains too true a pic-
ture of the evils which the monopoly about to
be established will occasion. The following is
one of his descriptions of the manner in which
it will work :
" Country bankers are in number about 1,000, each
having a character to sustain in his district as an honour-
able tradesman, and each interested to know thoroughly
the operations of his neighbour.
,"The Bank Directors are 26 in number, wealthy mer-

chants, resident in the metropolis, having very few ideas
in common with the country shopkeepers,' and holding
themselves aristocratically aloof from even traders of the
middle ranks in London. Fourteen, a Fraijority of these
parties, take it into their heads that the Bank issue is far
too large, carry a vote that it be reduced, say from 40 or
50 millions (which it would soon be at in a year after the
Legal Tender' and Uniformist' Acts were passed) to 30
or SA millions.
To itiect this, their agents at the branches would have
orders to lessen their issues one-third, or in other words,
their accomindation,
,c A country banker, whom the Government had
capi-
tal, for those of Watt Bank of England, and to pay for
, the representative of his obliged to chaogt his notes
them too; is told she next day he must only have two-
thirds of the amount of currency he had stipulated for,
and upon which agreement he had made his arrangements
wi
with his cua,omets. The country banker must inevitably
take this course; there is none other open fur hint ; but to
send to every one of the mereharvs, manufacturers, and
shopkeepers, who are accustomed to receive temporaty
accommodation at periods of the year when the staples in
which they dual, or which they work up, are to be pur-
chased, with c ish, in the colonial, copper, iron, Yorkshire,
Lancashire or Irish markets, and tell them, one and all, the
~„„„ they hair- reckoned upon receiving must be cut down
~,?-half, for the banker fearing another curtailment from
the Bank, must protect himself by lessening the amount
of Bank advances.
" The parties so disappointed cannot take up their biils
and notes, which are dishonoured—bankruptcies are the
consequence, and the dismay spreading, unhinges, as I
said before, the whole social system."
The effect of this, as the writer justly observes,
must be to produce universal distrust and stag-
nation of trade. It is miserable, at this time of

day, to have to urge upon a CHANCELLOR of
the EXCHEQUER the great modal of non-
interference with trade.

NEW STAMP DUTIES BILL.

The following has been posted at Lloyd's this morning :
STAMPS AND TAXES.
Sta—ln reply to your letter of this day's date requesting for
the information of the Committee and Subscribers of Lloyd's,
to know when the Stamp Duties Bill, which received the Royal
Assent on. Friday last will come into operation, I am directed
by the Board to acquaint you that the Biil in question will take
effect from and after the sth inst., and that the same may be
procured :ram the King's Printer.
I am, Sir, your obedient Servant,
(Signed) CHARLES PRESSLY.
Wm. Thompson, Esq., &c. &c.

ROLLS COURT.-(TRIS DAY.)

MEIJI 's BREWERY.—LATII M V. BA RNETT—LATIIA NI V. INIFATX:

In this case, which came before the Court upon an original
and supplemental bill,
Mr. BICKERSTETII stated that the original bill had been
filed for the purpose of having rather peculiar accounts taken
of the partnership in thebrewery of Messrs. Meux and Co. It
appeared that the present existing partnership in that concern
would expire in a few days; and as the bill was framed upon
a ground that would render it inexpedient that a de-
cree should be now taken, without having all the
partnership's estate wound up, the Learned Counsel
thought it would be better that the case should at present stand
over, in order to afford other parties an opportunity of filing
another bill, to enable the parties to have the partnership
affairs wound up and settled.
Mr. PEMBERTON concurred in the proposition, and the causes
were ordered to stand over till Michaelmas term.

VICE-CHANCERY COURT-(THIS DAY.)

His Honour the VICE-CIIANCELLOR was occupied up to the
period of our Reporter leaving with the arguments in the part
heard case of " Bainbridge V. Blair," which have already occu-
pied the Court for two days.

COMMON PLEAS.-(THIS DAY.)

FLEMYNG AND ANOTHER, V. MACAULEY.

Mr. Sergeant WILD, and Mr. RICHARDS, appeared for the
plaintiffs in this case, which was an action brought by the
plaintiffs, Messrs. Flemyng and Morgan of Glasgow, to recover
from the defendants, Messrs. Macauley and Babington, 2471.
the balance of an account for cotton goods shipped in 1825 to
Mr. Kenneth Macauley, the agent of the latter gentlemen at
Sierra Leone.

Mr. Sergeant JONES (with whom was Mr. Sergeant STEVENS)
after urging some preliminary objections, said that his defence
was that the goods were sent out to Africa, not on ac-
count of the defendants, but for Mr. Kenneth Macauley
alone. The Learned Sergeant then read several letters, from
which it appeared that no application was made to the de-
fendants for payment till five years after the shipment of the
goods, and that the year before Mr. Kenneth Macauley having
died, they asked them how they should proceed with regard to
Mr. Kenneth Macauley's estate.

The defendant's case had not been brought to a close when
our reporter left.

WARWICK ELECTIONS.

" The Dal of Warwick and family have left England
for the Continent, where they will stay some time. Pre-
viously to his departure, his Lordship c,,nsiderahly dimi-
nished the number of his household."— Court Journal.

SONGS OF WARWICK.
From a volume of unpublished Poems now in the Press.

WE'VE BEEN BRIBING.
AlR—l've been roaming.
We've been bribing, we've been bribing,
Freely strewing cash about;
Pure election still describing,
Till our tricks are all found out.
We've been bribing, &c.

We've been bribing, we've been bribing,
All against our country's laws ;
While a triumph we're describing
To the honour of our cause.
We've been bribing, &c.

We've been bribing, we've been bribing,
All the ignorant and poor,
Till the poor, new light imbibing,
Swear they will be brib'd no more.
We've been bribing, &c.
We've been bribing, we've been bribing-
0, for many a happy year I
But the hand that was subscribing
Is now paralyzed by fear.
We've been bribing, &c.
We've been bribing, we've been bribing,
From a fountain rich and gay :
We've been we' . e
Till the FOUNTAIN'S run away.
We've been bribing, &c.

The iron trade is at present pretty brisk, at
the prices fixed on April quarter day; so much so, indeed,
that some parties confidently look for an advance. This
state of the business has had its effect on the workmen, and
we have received from one of the tir t iron works in
Staffordshire information of their having turned out for an
inereaee of waves ; which, as the masters are expected to
accede to their demands, will probAq operate a rise in
prices of goods as early as the ensuing week.•—Birmingham
Journal.

On Wednesday last, the anniversary of the
accession of his MAJESTY, a splendid dinner was given by
his constituents at Bristol to Sir R. VYVYAN. Previous
to the entertainment a beautiful box, plated with gold,
was prraotted to the worthy Baronet, the inscription on
which stated that it was made from part of an oak beam
dug out of the ruins of the late Custom House, borne!
during the riots in that city.
THE VALUE ON MARRIED MEN.—" A
little more animation my dear," whispered Lady B. to th!
gentle SUSAN, who was walking languidly through a
quadrille. "Do leave me to manage my own business,
Mamma," replied the provident nymph ; " I shall not
dance my ringlets out of curl for a married man."—" Of
course not, my love ; but I was not aware who your
partner was."— World of Fashion,
•

A POINTED Joao.--A sportsman, by touch-
ing his horse near the withers with his whip, taught him
to kneel immediately. When shooting, and a dog came to
the point, he made the horse kneel, and persuaded those
present that the horse was an excellent pointer. A gen-
tleman having purchased the gelding, was forriing a river
with him, when, having touched his withers, he ss is true
to the touch—down he dropped in the stream, and soused
his new master in the water. The latter, in a great pas..
sion, asked his lamer owner what he meant by selling
him a horse that played him such a trick in the water ?
" Oh 1" said the otEer, " you h,,uglit him as a pointer,
and at die time he went nn his knees be was pointing a
sal moss."—Edinturyh Pape•.

- -
JAMES SMITH, one of the authors of the
"Rejected Addresses," is not only a wit but an attorney,
and he dwells or dwelt in Austin-triars. Now it so hap-
pen, d that another JAMES SMITH, solicitor, came to dwell
in the :Line building, in Austin-friars, with our friend the
parodist ; and the consequences of Lwo JAMES SMITHS,
attoroc)F, of No. , he clei!y conjectured. Lettei's,
andm ei stahßee s,
confusionpaper o fwaal
sl kinds,m osmost
wer
amazing.continuallye Atgoinglast,
n e astray,
morn-
ing, JAMES SMITH, the new corner, made his appearance
in the chambers of his namesake, with an open letter in
his hand. This, Sir, said he, I find is intended for you.
Ic is a confidential letter, hut I have read it from begin-
ning to end. " You made a mistake of the same kind a
few days ago, and it is most unpleasant." "I really can
see no remedy for this confusion, but that one or other of
us should leave the building." I agree with you (said our
Jams), and you, of course, must be the man to leave."
" I do not see why it should be me, and not you," was the
answer. " Because, my dear fellow," replied the wit,
" you are here JAMES the Second, and therefore should
abdicate.—Fraser's Magazine.
