JIM' TER EXTRACTS FROM TnE CADIZ MAIL

(From tlie Coneiso of July. 15, 1814,)
For these two or three days, a rumour has been
in circulation that peace has,,beept*roade between
the no”ians,
Prussians, antl:eacli. To us this
cei tainly.‘vould not appear yery.extraordinary.
have obser.ved, that in the nnwerous Proelama-
tionts )lanife,Aocs, Ortlers,.&c. whieli from the
the victo!les of the Russians have
14en isbited, by the Eipleror Alexander, General
the I:iI't; ofl'eus3ia, Wittgenstein,
".101.1(, 'tke,, no mention is nuide of either
the Lii,;),i,it or "'cipaillard-fi, 'anti this sitene ;ices
icrisoli tey stlttpeet that LW attention to theEhgliSh,
5p,;1;!..,b and- Portugite: ts3tiorp4 flocs nat enter
inlit the ititeior pions Powers, tliongh
iwen t:;eiy.hvipport, e.t,;...ionple, and
iostowterit their tri„„liods, in
Irech,g from tin., yoke; of the Galli,.
f-rc:Ant. lii a well known

t AlliLa $11) liava Its A, they declare that
•
it has 'trot .been their intention to enter Franee.'lliit
Assertion does not appear very encouraging; in It
Bnona'patte might fotesee the re-establisbnient
of his fortune-, Mitch as he haS suffered, t,ince,
if the Allies ever arrived at the Rhine, they
were not to advance a step further. The tyrant
might prepare armies„fight, he- conquered, 're-
tion -to collect forces, "and again try his fortune,
and in this manner continue to nrocted while the
moderation of •his enemies prevented Omni' from
setting foot 'in France. Snell II d'eolointiy 'May
be very generous, but !mist be very,prejmillieild,
and is certainly not the way in which war should
he made uptm a tan, who mast be exterminated
we wish well to the linman race. We bakt be-
fore observed, that at the,time of conelnding the
Armistice, the contracting parties forgot, to send
en Envoy to England. with notice of thiis unex.•
petted event-,--We say forgot, whielt jirtfd us to
presume that Alexander, Frederick, and:lhe Cor-
sican Monster, to Whom they haVe listened, care
but little in their arguments what the Englishyet
may say or think on time subject.,
,Buonaparte in his Bulletins has not said a single
word on the Continenta! systini, Which likewise leads
us to suspect dist in consequence p 1 a ticaty with
Alexander, he is not far front yielding in that
point. ipe observations antiotbers, which at
present we shall not mention, may. lead us to pre-
sume a eertainseperafiinz of iiiterests.
,bettYeen the,
rowers of the North and England, and: time
ninsula, notwithstanding their reheated PrOmises:
and stipulations which, are generally kept by Ca-
binets while convenient. We shall not; however,
on this account, give credit to the rumours of;
speech, since We believe that Alexander and Fre-
derick, in their politics, have regard to the hap •
piness of their people; and this. is. ineothpatible
aid) the existence of Buonaparte, unlesS those
Monarchs and their subjects, prefer ignominy and
slavery to honour and independence. : •
We know not how those rumours of pemice got
into the Peninsula. Though the, letters from Lis-
bon come nu lower than the 4th, they have been
received by Faro to •the Bth inst.; by,titut•convey,
ance nothing new has been learned relative to the
affairs of the North. We know that this .report •
has not been propagated by Corunna, Bilbda, and
Gibraltar ; no way then remains by which it could
come but by the Pyrenees, and it :would not be
extranrdinary if it proved to be an artifice Oriii-
nating in that quartet-. "The Inort,,however, is
not utterly improbable. We only complain that
13uonaparte has been listened to, for he
..who
listens is already disgraced, at least he does not
hold it as a fundamental principle that Buonapisrte
ought to be treated as an assassin, and not as a So-
vereign; a principle, without which Europe is lost.
But to assure us that peace is already concluded,
is to precede events. All that can be presumed
that the contracting parties have agreed 'on the
basis of a Congress; for if they base made peace
so hastily, we shoultilmythitt4,-
" it IS best to be silent, and not utter bit-
ter truths, resting on conjecture only, though
this may he of considerable weight."
It will not appear strange that the conditions
of the reported peace are likeuile, circulated.
When a person is disposed to inveat, it is not '
ficnicto invent circumstances. Some, therefore,
Nate ATM' tYraina vane- r,ollacdatto“. .1"
of Poland, anci.thus silence Alexander they make
Ferdinand VII. King of the Americans, and think
they thus preserve treaties and cOnventions. They
make the Archduke Charles 'King of. Spain, and
satisfy or subdue the Insurgents. In thin manner
they dispose of the affairs of both worlds with the
greatest facility, having berme theanb doubt the
map and compass, and asking permission, of no
one. In a word, they have made h mercantile
contract of the human species, us they might
have clone of a flock 'of sheep. If all this ipd any
foundation, we .must ,suppose that Cabinets,and
Monarchs, ,in the present day, have as ,
pidity, ignorance, and malevolence, its in the
most barbarous and despotic times.- -

Others would make the Emperor of Austria
Emperor of Germany. They indemnify JOseph
in Italy, and place Eugene in Poland ; they give
to Sweden, Prussian Pomerania; Atessia, -
,strian Poland ; (o Austria, PrtiAan Silesia? to
Sctxony, the Mark of Brandeuhurg. Pruasia.they
concenter.iti Royal Prussia, &c. and thus form a
hodge-podge which only tends' to hew that the
peoele are accountettnothiag, anti' political con•
vemence every thing.
There is also talk of-a meeting at piesden , be-
tween .the 'three Emperors, and the Kitt:,,s• of
Saxony and Prussia. We no lon:ger fear thatiluo-
naparte should seize on these 31anarttits, and send
them to France.. The exlinple of Ferdinand has
'opened the eyes of the sagaciOns torsican,i and he
will not e4pose himself by seizing Alexander and
Frederick, to Jt national War. on the p;irt of the
people, when he Succeeds so well in.tt.'ars of :the
Cabinet. The people-theinstirgenti', are mast
fotmidable enemies of the tyrant. Ille'ktnows well
bow to flatter the self-hive of Monarehii but he
cannot subdue the people, when itlieyq4 firmly
reSohtit mitt° 'be
Let as howeVer sitspend our judgment on the
result of the war in the North, but let us not sus-
pend for a moment our exertion;; to be prepared
for whatever events way occur either; front the
weakness of the Monarchs of •the Continent, or
Irma the apathy of their subjects. .

CADIZ, JU 4Y, 19.

LETTER FROM GENERAL .ELIO TO rgE 41NISTER

AT WAR.

Valencia,:July
The enemy abandoned this capital on the morn-
ing of the 6th, taking the direction of Murviedvo.
General Villacampa, situated on, the side of 'Livia,
and instructed, as I 1n.31 the honour to acqvaint
your Exceflency, that should the enemy retrek;
be ought to harass him, on his march, was attack-
ed with considerable vigour by two divisions,
which, joined to the closeness
which the enemy's main army conducted thour re-
retreat, prevented him from doing any thing, of
consequence, except protecting some deierters,
and taking some prisoners. Among other pri-
soners, there was an Office!' of the,Staff of the
division Severoli, who was carrying orders for the
withdrawing and saving of the garrison of
as appeared both from his own declaration, and
the nnrnort of a letter which he was GollveYimg.—

Paris Papers to the 31st reached town at a late
hour last night, and the chief contents precede
this notice. Atter their perusal we sit down to the
difficult task of decyPhering their meaning, and of
extracting, if poss ible, the lucidus ordo from their
chaotic confusion, so as to
.be able to impart to our
Readers some conception of the, state of afttiril'on
the Continent, as laid down in the eneuty!s-Jour-
nals. BuotraPattxr. left Gorlitz on the 21st, and
or the .2211 he is stated to have been at Lawen-
berg, a town on this side the Bohr, or. Bober
river, within the. confines of Silesia, and about
GO miles from Gorlitz, on tbe road to Breslan.—'
Breslau is nearly 180 miles. from, iiorlitz and 120
from .Lawenberg. The Bober isu small streain me
the latter place, about tip or 70 .miles frodita-
source, but, increases.to. a eonsiderable riveroah,
it. flows down the Whole length of saesia, and
falls into the Oiler at Crossett, the caiqtal of the
I>aelty, of that natir', and near'l'y: tfr ,uorllern
boundary of this beautiful tirovioce. IThebanks
of the Bober; the debouches of 'Bohemia either
into Saxony, LuStitia; Or. SileSia, and operations
upon the Upper Elbe, where it ,leaves the Bohe-
mian Circle-of Leitrueritz, and , flows tosyttrsls
Pima and ''.6rei'don, which are not more than
from forty, to. seventy miles froM the frontier,
might all be embraced upon a line of abUnt
130 or 140 miles ; and therefore there it. no in-
congruity in the, Statement of Count DNKLY, that
BUONArARTE was occupied at all these.. A glance
at this part of the map will demonstrate this truth,
and at the same time furnish a correct idea of the
poAtions °flirt; French force under Bt4ottAe4aTf. in
person. This affords no ground for the opinion,
that becauseihetlbe was mentioned, the Tyrant
bad retreated—it it bad been the Lower Elbe,
such might have been the case ; but we shoold
be very, sorry to bear of his being able to pur-
sue successful operations towards the source
of that river, which would give him the best
Portion of Silesia and Bohemia., The other part
of DARU'S letter is a speculation Upon the supposr
ed progress of French Armies detached from the
main body-in Saxony against the CROWN PRINCK
toWards 'the North. These are distinct froth'
the army • under D'AvousT, (the Prince of
Eckmuhl) which has the same ohject,,Berlin, in
view,• but is :marching from the North-West,
and which, as the writer justly observed, " must
now (24th August) be at some marches from that
city;" for weqearn, from liatfiburgh, that their
advance eras only before Mesta, on the road to
Wittemberk (the north-western: point of Bran=
denberg) Oil the 22d.

We trust we have explained 30 intelligibly the

leading' puntsr4sPectini ozitiOni ef
• ). •
he
corpS as to able ti duriy,ciar readv.rs.
l
along with as ;t naderstantli4 iLls ulattc;
sod
impiirtaut to be kept in earrect View; in 0111=:
to..fdllii;y. With accuracy the future dpvilil"lit.
00bc-cititipaigti. The aiipirent intricacy "
Oit4adiction arises i,at of the ninubers, diz-
siovtA, etici tiltiel-ent points if action to wl)icli
wit Only. the French but the Allied Aullie'
are directed. These appear tq be chiefly
1--Tile.,,first itt ilie
.lower parts of Sileiia
yaded
rby and looking toward°
the Itusia-Prussian,forte at Breslau.--ibil
is. connected trifle the second, which suet:l4
rites,, the border in
.Silesia to TropPatt, dme
races the Combined Armies at Pragne•-"J'il
third is erililnyed against the Crsown Pstscr a"'
Berlin,- and &insists, as we have already laird'
of two parts, the one marching from I.lkueb
.the other front the vicinity of Dresden.
respect•to the claiinof victories Set
the Enemy We consider them to be altoethergr,"
worthy of credit. The Bulletin of the
Bow:street
.11agisti ate SALARY turns out Gabe' al
we suspected, a fabrication. The French }e '
lake: no notice 'of such- a publication, tbdu'
eaching a later date by two days. Bel
NAPARTE gained a victory- at :Lowenberg, urei
inure
r er
(t) bli especialeatr tjt))7lioirnd dt(hlet) aelv2e4l()i.. 11":111it""11:4
•
.4ibislirircptoicrnit:eteildsi ettsimitteedretil; n
The enemy', grroq 1411C,' tfu, i/t Si.,C.f;Gt 411°
on'es.e."Oot appear to Itsce beetl6:4 •
thing beyond mere ill/airs at po is ap f`'
'latest date to whi•ch we have any iitforatati4;o,
on
:KLere has been no firing or rejoicistr
as
, ••
coast-:..-no official bulletins to aunouitc.sssio
otatgf)nrteleleaearcliylyi:a(n‘tvieismthieghtitefesataso•
fsioli;:.firouestro :00,0!
advantage has 'of a'
20,000 men ; and in the ahseuee •
I tilet
detuonstrationS naav safely couchit•e'
„ a with "g)
We notice with greater picasur-, - itich
yet been reaped by the enelq. re
of hope. a report of a contrary nature' tivtA cf
be found in our Naval Ye" "der °lt:, __it,. of
Deal, Hcre it is asserted,
Dutch Fishermen, that a scrim's reverse .1 .
of
we ore
sustAin hC- —I:UNAr TO'S. We 0010
~(11 rest on t.
opinion that nearly all these 0"1"--.s
1 CS.llat3
same grounds--the
those who. first scut them into cl'e ,
The trrms which Austrialast ropos-c` mot
iliettnlti.orn, 1.1.4.1100,04.041 4# 5u7-
on the oil; cars
betii
rity to hare been the following
of
t. That at Duchy of Warsaw (a mere rag-11°1..0e
nacre's intrigues) be alrolished.---4•TIP4_I
fortresses should be given up to their legitimate
S. That I)antai, Aould be evacuated by el-el/v:llcm 0?
4. That Austria should be put in posses4ors °fat 13,
Provinces.---.;,. That Ilamhorgh and Lobe'
stored to their independence : and. 6, that the ('("c.
the Rhine should be dissolved. 1
14step
It would be seen by our publicatioo of
rpi
• Contain
clay, that the Pricer Mary packet,
tits ttro
tyi
oarrived at Falmouth, frolo travel
"30th ultimo, after a Voyage of the tv'Pre
length
cadl-j'act
'35 days.—This circumstance „,1,-01
cientlyAtceount for the non.avrival of the *

f

• :11678eltle frOlft vdrions quarter's,
........................., geq Cri4
si tl. t I.llt 1 r; iPttitir:rilis°:ll;ll:: th,nivlazirvuleityvv:ithirrlfPl:lsl4,rl
pply
(cfre.;e:nici
s.aeleiii:vacseb:::lll.ati
°scar
14:sltetpthittostiiialio\tinitsfrytrittir,stott)ilfvlir;cieis(ocit,ineittrso:,is.;:i ihe
ti ci
11:: ea:::
q,',7
tifil
says of TV33 numb, i, The •,..i-tr:ittieErl'filii:raFseatt:'l6ll:l9:ii:ll'.;
giantselt:voeehmi n :t
,1 t
however,
,tl:3det
si.tcel etre:: ob sea kv
i,
I Is
that'th e hei'
them,"
: al: I 1 tli li
5 l''' I:
44
~,tIP
this itteal of with all possible fi. (bit
if
his
geographical bekrueorwnileisitte;el t,:to.bs,crp::esilal
.4ot been as deficient as his science with olio,
to Germany, by Which he transported Gtglitljs it,g
hundred anti fifty. miles due west tortr orali
Rhine, he would have discovered that, ill vs
to relieve Pamplona, there must , not yinlY Se'
been " remissness on the part 'of t'4looll
niards ;" but the British :Army must at's°
110 ler
have, been pellet ra t cd, which '
we do 17°t het, to
stand, from Lord .WeLLit-twroN's disvatt
' have been the case. ~ detoile'l
. , We had intended to have offered fen''' i* , or.
remarks upon the whole tenor of the ,bot otit
tick of attack in this Journal of to-ttil, . 100
. Itisttsfr
better avocations will not peront it. Iv tosor
at) example of affirntation of facts, ott-cr watlif
losions
..,..
ported by j list foundation,and ofeonc tic eyo.
of such a basis as ever met the Pitilebsj ronten>t.'
We have said we cannot enter into' ; body :
bin we will meet these txssertions thus
..00 of a
been, ne '' tic
At,ilt -
batteriaw t • en'! therefore that, ° {p 0.
~ rain, he rg‘hic
St. Sehastion's, there has , ,to
Baltic has caused no delay in t

Pl' 11
ti

rivits

We%
jig•

Many of Oar contempimiries appear inClitiekl to
ittach less impartanee to the defection of Gene-
ral Jositxt than we are. It is trite that the de-
itertion of ono Man cannot greatly injure
the CauSe of BtIoNAPARTE. gat it. must be
kver held in mind, that this is. valuable as
the indication of a revoltifig spirit against the
'l‘rant, and alsb that . the • person coneern-
ed ,
in this instance h of no coinnion cliarac7
ter. JoMINI was one cif the most skilful Ge-=,
Urals in the service of liciokArAaTE ; aUd his
book on Military Tactics is considered to be the
kblest treitiktt tinon the subject of War which has
been published in modem times.

v

t
,~ ~

114

s?'l*
Wier

tc,t,

.~

01
tho

The Fre►ich Senate has bad another cabal, and,.
it is whispered; are about to sanction the' iesne
Of Aisia►litts to a .great alumna. We doubt
lunch that the credit of the present 'Goveru-
nteut of France will sustain any issues7-zof
p►tper money. The Firm is not very respect•
able, and there are some -appearances
indicate the Unmet...late bankruptcy at tbd ,chief
Partner, %rho has been long notoridos for extent
gmnbling TeculatiOns, and the debasing ut
trotvllB.

%,-as circulated yesterday as an
extract of a letter received from the Frneh Coast
w socouz‘ Fron6.,„:dug. ao. •
" W.e have -obtained socces,s Lgheek, but iwe have
tc,:. been so fortilwre eisev, here."
Two ships have arrived from 'Heligolatifi; the
°lie is in the River, and the other at V.tiri
NI) tidings of puoi,e titieret 0;14 been communi-
cated, hitt a deSperate-contlict o :►s naiiy espeifted,
It was reported that the Allies h.;,1 taken pos!,es
!inn of Traveinomte----a sinall fort on. • the
in the. vicinity 0: Latneek
, .
The PR:IN .i.i.V.GgN't arrived on Monday last
att Itagley; the deiii;htful seat of the Margo's of
IiERTFOIin *
Eler MAJESTY and the PRIVVESSEE remained in
Windsor Castle yesterday, owt,ng to the unfavour-
able state of the weathcr.
The II trsiAN ANIEISSADOR h'td an audience of
Cabinet,'Mtni,ters- yesteidAy:
, The -Prince of. Oasung had yesterday A long
Icerview with Lord MELVILLE at the Admiralty.
'neve acre. present at Lied Viscount Nlzt-
‘s'!Lt-t's • Le.veg, on Wednesday, at the Admiralty,
STEAQFIAN, Sir EDMITNI) NAGE.I:,
JonN CoLroys, Major Millotuao, of Ma-

iè Fortress. Lord WiLZ:Ii.IOTOII iiias root eis)) -
~L . . • f ~..• • ( • •
pencil to turn Hie siege of Painplunn into 6 block-'
:.
. . -,
~• ~ .axle, in. COnsellitence -of Sir J. MonitAt's r..eitt,
! • as a reference to tiates incontrovertibly- 'proves.
As for the abuic fib Sending a few thOnsand troops,
to tlie N rtt of Germany, it 'com'es With an 111
trace froni the *titer, Who for -iiin'tlis toge•••
iher exclainied and • railed against' On!' tio-
,
i•ernnient for not taking that - viiii"-Itep be
bow aisallS; iii Order to aid IlainbUrgh, and in-
fluence the rising spirit of Gerthany. Their such
a measuri `'Would tkve been imprudent, . because.
. .
*e could not proticit iliote Ave iiiAed..tiOvettul thii
IV:niter tine* out Ilia fitupci.ationi against it—:
show It is wise, because we Can effectually nnite in
the common cause, and it equally engendershia
. ..
malice and spleen. :' j . ,

'AlMira' DO.MnTT, says the Morning Papersitr)e-
24;1u:if hh; seat at the Board of Admiralty on A I ;.)1-
43y. it .s 'expected that he will be succeedet. y
khnirid ilOri., Admiral DomETT, it is said, 11. 18 ttl
Port A 1 . lof Portsmouth, ii the
l appoillte,d .i. mit a:,,, ile
te.fignatiou' t)l. Sir iItCHARD litektatToN.,, 1 I
%al:Ile 115% been stated (lVer and over again,-.:lhree
". month 1 three vrceks ego, 1 I
i_t 1111.1711 Do-
T 4 ilt,O, Hilt• ) but not
'4EI ' had been nominated for Plyinout L.
laPPUltlttl.l.
• J
0'.1211e Regency and Cortes since the introditerIM
1,-., 0," "
er of tiseCAß' c
DINAL AawalsituP,Alav,'.pro-
`et` iii their duties with I,erfect harmony, 41M,
Irvii,t)a"Qtil 4 the vi tories of Lord WELLIN,G.T!!24,
1::::Itilt:t:ttli:etint;fili'ellt;:111:°eIrVell::::elirte:leorSeltatft::11.8(ll:
The .
dim,' ht4:ll()ltiake: it; an extract from a private. letter
.(2.,.7(:"Ue t 6,.imstian.s, August 24 :—... ' ...
~,, ...de aa.ii„L. ',
• -‘- --.-- --'
1 - iett on the 2fith or 27m,
'',..0 the beat. , 74. are to he retuiy to oil d
13girted to b ?.2'11.11(Y itAvlng
lire. The effects
Lill condition then to open their.
4"'"Ptetret t• • ' been low c , and the whole re_
lam the cure " he fireatlfnl; mot the enemy ste!l pi'elpa:hereinlext(ti
%cc „,e and tuctits .ni ,rayed again‘t them.. t
~_
"4" You re .:. '' ' r, • he 'full of tnteres .'
4,,r)46,4g, poi,. i..4..ive will prodably , .
litTe ik:Ohi i 4
. ay 40,0- t'ortsmuutli for the
LOU,his . ' 2 Itate, which is expected. to sail
Mediterranean,
1449
9" with. her a ;.,paniard of distinction. •
I,
....Nfore the
E°6ol Burns car
r.revent the departure of tel left Liverpoo
improper persons
Iltil ...7iteesh. e Underwent &''strict search by six Tevelou.
to
.sealB' ;lad au armed vessel accomPatlied i!el.'
b°4lll'btii4t " such persons might be received
It i e:ore she finally left the coast, oiti'
teetl s said that the Prince of STA
v. aPPointed Amb.. -ador from chef Coate t
altUbtißF,AG,thays,.
le''''a to tl ','''' has c
(hit on' ~
. 14 country, and that he a tually,aet
it . "Isjuhruey , is sKi . •
'l,lesere 4 that the date of General De .T,:tst_ti:rwi's.
°till .111,111 ''VliS errOileOliSiy stated.in, the la' z"3
the
15th of—rtiih• it outOit' not tO have
„1."-..e",
,i._
rectio-„ 1:11!')r, but the Itith of August. -ihi, ~u,
0,
thetl: e pr-iiii:ipuafl ilinTont'itgnirittliet'iet it
of
.„_Caows. 0.,,,,,we. . .
Mr. jua - 4'
son, ~ . 14.40 N, the King's Messeoge -
. r'iwought
Cokup.sFeciat communication flom the Di.lk,e. If
*Or f --11 LAND to the QUEEN,' and ..wciit to IV ay -
kAjt)r the pin post
,ot: „nuking it lip 9 Wh.
.to tier
It "TY' Air, 'Jon nit,.•brotitit lettersrfro..m.,kl,l.l,
Ittl4l ilifil
Vette 11 1
athil. -.°', "'esti to. other branches of . the 11o!..1l
Ihld at that
Office fr( 'Y 11 40ard of Arlin; raity wits -- '•
~c.i
t„spit ;117 1)446:1.11g illy I• I , - itnett to Greeirl i 1 a h ~..
k'lloar 1 '
4ail bi. (of Assistains was held at tlIc;; r•irne time
t
tin . a • de"'
with the" Comnitssiolters 4 (-;; ' '-'I4IIC
,
lit'4l)ll,,le'llt!,.rei;Jtive to tic Ilialli.6Vlliellt. Ur thlt. eSt4'
