)
€.3e(l4%"*.:_i) . . . .
.......-`,........., . ... .
. ._.,. .
....
0
••-14%110'. ,. 1i".44AA..-Z,....p
''' I ' r '4,4t
.(4,..
. ' ' litAll< '
.4 it 44e
~‘,.....,,, - .. ~.,.„,
~,. :..
...., .. t *:': ' ~r1.4.4i4:-.$ ,•...1.._-,..---,..'. ---,,,,-....,,;,,,,-‘.,, .
..
N. ~
~4,tyfoit AA ~.,,i........„,,,,t0 ..... \,,, --- ~. ,3.
--„ .: ~
~..,
4,,,.z.,- ~, ‘,...;„:„ ...4.,. ~ ~,~. ..
.. --L-----,... ' 1
-....,
. ~
.411, ~. • 14, - ' t,' ''•,,,,i,,1- ',".• ''Le..11.1111,1% Arto • ''','
v....u... I Ih 6..'.

LONDON, THURSDAY EVENING, AUGUST 12, 1830

of the earth ; and resume it with additional iofluenet•
because she will not only be free herself, but also
afford a place of refuge fur the persecuted freemen of
other nations. Already has she exercised this
glor:ous privilege, in giving an asylum to the four
patriots whom the King of the Netherlands hai;
chosen to banish, because they, what he termed, had
libelled his Government. These men had not a spot
on the earth ott which they could place their feet.
They were banished from their own country—an,
no other would receive them. The British Minister
frowned on them—Prussia and Hanover refused
them entrance into their States—France and
Austria denounced vengeance against them—Spain
and Portugal, the exiles felt it would be useless to
apply.to.. Thus they were in a manner idenied the
common privileges of eartlt and water, until France
threw off her chains and opened her arms to receive
them. It has oven been held by politicians us
truism, that France being free, the rest of the Con-
tinental nations cannot long continue under the yoke
of slavery. Let Austria, Prussia, Spain, and Por-
tugal prepare themselves for the change, which
must ere long take place. France has now clone
that which will make every despot in`Christendom
tremble on his throne.

EVENTS AT BORDEAUX.

(From the Manchester Mercury.)
The revolution in Prance has: by this time, we
sincerely trust, received its final and glotious con-
summation. We announced last week the appoint-
ment of the Dolce of Orleans to the important post
of Lieutenant-General of the kingdom—an appoint-
ment, the wisdom of which each succeeding day
has rendered more obvious; and we have now to
add that the legislative chambers have met ; that
they have been addressed by him in a judicious and
patriotic speech; and that a provisional administra-
tion, consisting of persons well known for their
talents and popular principles, has been appointed.
There is little doubt that the crown, with its pre-
rogatives duly defined and limited, the rights of the
people being likewise amply acknowledged and se-
cured, will be offered to the Duke of Orleans. Of
the propriety of such a step, and of the prudence on
every account of preferring, in the present circum-
stances of Europe, a popular monarchy to an actual
republic, we have no doubt. And if the constitu-
tion is judiciously frosted, if the guarantees for
public liberty are sufficient, the name of the presid-
ing bead of the government, whether King or Presi-
dent, is of little consequence. The former, we
think, would offend fewer prejudices, and have a
much better chance for permanence; and therefore
we decidedly prefer it.

M. DE PEYRONNET.

TO THE EDITOR ol"rtiE TIMES.

see with the deepest interest the account
given in your Paper of the capture of M. de Pey-
ronnet, and others like him; and the circumstance of
his being arrested precisely at Tours, and of the
manner he was discovered, induces me to trouble
you with this letter, not as an article worthy of in-
sertion in your columns, but merely as a piece of in-
formation respecting that perverse individual, and
the deeds of his epoch.
Peyronnet, in the prison:of Tours, must feel more
acutely than in any other place the pangs of re-
morse, if such a man is capable of remorse, for it is
precisely in that prison that his victim the young
and brave Sirejean was confined, and at Tours that
he was shot, in consequence of the decision of
the court-martial before which he was tried, for
having been one in the undertakines of the Role
de Cavakrie of Saumur in 1821-1822,---undertak-
ings which led General Berton and many more to
the scaffold; and which had no other aim but to per-
form then what the valiant Parisians have now just
so gloriously achieved, in their last spontaneous, and
unprepared-for struggle against tyranny.
Sirejean was of u most respectable family, son of
a Colonel who died fur our country is the field of
Marengo. He entered the army in his tenderest
youth, and was only 19 years old when he died for
the cause of liberty. He had often been honourably
mentioned in the orders of the day to the army,—
was the only hope of an aged and widowed mother,
—the pride of his family,—and a most promising
officer. When he was sentenced to death, his
friends exerted themselves to the utmost to obtain
commutation of punishment from the King, Louis
XVIII. I know that his aunt, it most deservedly
respected lady, went herself to beseech Peyronnet
(then Ministre des Graces et de la Justice) to im-
plore the King. Ali was in vein ; Peyronnet re-
ceived her prayers as be had those of the gentleman
who recognized him lately at Tours. The King
replied, in his little fluted voice, " C'est impossible,
Peyronnet etc veal pas, Peyronnet ne veut pas!"
(It is impossible, Peyronnet will not.) And to end
it, as the Minister of War had ordered General
Bricke, the Governor of Tours, to take care that the
court-martial should find among the prisoners one
or two to be shot, to give an example to the army,
Sirejean suffered. But his death, even, was a de-
feat to those who had caused it. He was executed
on the Ist of May, 18`22: Briche was there. The
garrison was under arms, and amongst the troops,
the very 4th Regiment of Chasseurs a Cheval, to
which the young brave belonged. Sirejean em-
braced his friends, the officers of his corps, and even
his Colonel, M. De Castries I ! I* Briche approached
him also, but met with a dignified repulse. Then
Sirejean having obtained leave to command the fire,
placed himself before the piequet, bade them adieu,
desired them to be firm, and to listen to his corn-
mend calmly, and to aim at the heart. His voice
was strong and calm from.the first word to the word
" Fire." He fell, and he left this world truly regret-
ted, respected, and esteemed, by all who knew him.
A FRENCHMAN,
One of your Readers, and a witness
of what I have stated.

*** It is curious to see the resemblance in the
circumstance of the capture of Peyronnet and those
of the infamous Jeffries. There is also a great si-
milarity in the character of the men—insolent, cruel,
unprincipled; yet plausible and bold.
• M. De Castries, Colonel, tvlien in garrison in Cha-
lons, in Champagne, was admitted as a visiter in the family
of Sirejean, who then was not yet in the army, but who
was front that induced to enlist in M. De Castries's regi-
ment (in France a gentleman cannot purchase a commit'.
mien.) When Sirejean was arrested, M. De Castries went
to him in his prison, and there, by dint of a friendly mask,
extorted from the unfortunate youth a full and confidential
revelation Of all that could commit him. Presently the
.court-martial assembles ; M. De Castries comes b,fere it
as a witness. Sirejean is sentenced to death !---lle ap-
peals to the Court of Ravision, and thus succeeds in an-
nulling the sentence. Then another, a second, court-
martial, and that one presided at by M. De Castries, is
convoked,
and by it Sirejean is again sentenced to die !
Would in England such a jury,—such a foreman of a
jury,
not be called a Lord Jeffries? Very extreme was the fate
of Sirejean, when his life was at the mercy of such jurors
as De Castries, and of such a minister of clemency and
justice as Peyronnet !

A ROYAL MISNONIER.—KiIig AMES, in
a speech to Parliament, said, the Devil spared neither
labour nor pains, and called him a " busy Bishop." The
thehop of Lotinox told one of the courtiers, " he thought
11111 MAJESTY might have chosen another name."

The Count POTOCK 1, brother to the Countess
Wonotizow, arrived last night at Altv.tuT's Hotel from
Park The circumstance of a foreigner, the two first
letters of wh.use name are the Lime as those of M. nit
PotioNAu, was quite enough to set all the western part of
London on the alert with the new that the infatuated at-
Minister of FrillCO had arrived,

PRIOR ID.

The following extract of a letter contains an ac
curate description of what occurred at Bordeaux
during the late period of excitement
BORDEAUX, AUG. 4.—The events of our revo...
Intion can offer but little interest after the momen-
tous proceedings at Paris. For two or three days
no newspapers arrived from the capital, and the pri-
vete letters and accounts of travellers were of so
alarming a nature as to produce the greatest anxiety.
By virtue of the new law concerning the press, our
two liberal papers were suppressed, and the Go-
verment journal was of course silent ..with respect
to the events in Paris. flow, then, could we get
any thing but vague information ? All was compa-
ratively quiet until last Friday evening (July 30),
when it was pretty generally known that the con-
stitutional party had triumphed in Paris. Then
the populace assembled in terrific masses, and made
a desperate attack on the Prefecture. I never wit-
nessed any thing so truly awful ; nothing could have
repelled the violence of the assault. But what do
you think the Prefect was about at tWe critical
juncture? Lulled in a fatal security, he was enter-
taining a large party of his parasites with a splendid
dinner, although he must have-been !twine at the
time that the Ministry was overthrown at Paris.
Such is the blindness of the ultra party. In the
twinkling of an eye the Prefecture was stormed
and taken, the company put to flight, and the
Prefect driven to take refuge in the adjoining
guard•house. But here the people soo❑ espied
him ; the guard was disarmed without resist-
ance, and the Prefect, left. to the mercy of the mob,
rushed out sword in hand to make one last und den-
pews effort. In the scuffle he bad the misfortune
to wound a man; upon which the multitude, al-
ready exasperated, fell upon him with increased tiny,
and would certainly have despatched him, but for
the intrepidity of two or three gentlemen of the
liberal party. As it was, he was seriously injured
by the blows of the people, who paraded hint,
streaming with blood, through the principal streets
of the town to complete his degradation. After his
lucky escape, he is said to have complained bitterly
of the desertion of his friends, and to have expressed
the highest admiration at the noble conduct of those
whom lie supposed his enemies. lie showed great
coolness throughout the danger, and afterwards, on
looking at himself in a glass, and seeing his face co-
vered with blood, he exclaimed, ' Ne suisje pas an
juli garcon?' But though the Prefect had been
saved, the tumult was not appeased. The troops
were seen approaching, drums heating, and colours
flying. •'To arms! to arms I thought that the
conflict would have been terrific, seeing the exaspe-
ration of the people, and the air of defiance held by
the troops. Baron Janis appeared at their head,
and every body supposed a discharge of musketry
would have commenced the conflict ; but his inter-

tions luckily proved pacific. He harangued the
multitude, who answered him with a volley of
stones. The gendarmes were about to resent the
insult, but were withheld by the General. By his
admirable presence of mind and forbearance, the
people were at length dispersed, fur that night at
least, without bloodshed, although the General's
patience was severely tried by repeated insults and
serious contusions. At an early hour on the next day
the multitude attacked the Hotel de Ville, hitt with-
out success, having been repulsed by a troop of ca-
valry that had arrived from Libourne. Three or
four of the people were killed or wounded. Two
ether public establishments were attacked and ran-
sacked the same morning, before the military could
arrive. Meanwhile the Garde Nationale were or.
ganized as it were by enchantment, the posts given
up to them, and the troops confined to their quar-
ters, lest they should commit excesses in their then
state of excitement. Public tranquillity was soon
restored, although yesterday there was a slight dis-
turbance at La Basride (a faubourg communicating
with the other side of the bridge), where a cavalry
officer, at the head of his troop, seized a national
(Lig, which the conductor of Lufitte's diligence had
brought with him from Paris, as a rallying signal for
the Bordelais. The Garde Nationale, however, in.

terfered, and order was soon restored. The tri-
coloured flag therefore now waves on every 'mike
building, and many a private house; and the
cockade is worn by all the Garde Nationale, as well
as all those who, from principle or for safety, think
proper to do so. Yesterday Baron Janin, seeing the
national flag triumphant, assembled his troops (the
55th Regiment) and informed them, that it was in-
cumbent on them to disban,l, as the Royal au-

hority was no longer acknowledged. Upon
this intimation about two-thirds of the soldiers
marched off with their arms and baggage, notwith-
standing the entreaties of their subaltern officers ;
the rest remained, and incorporated themselves with
the National Guard. Baron Janin has taken his
departure, to the great regret of the Bordelais, who
expressed to him the warmest gratitude for his
noble conduct during the late distu►bances. The
Prefect and Mayor have disappeared, and u provi-
sional municipality has been established, until the
political affairs of the kingdom are definitively settled.
During the attack on the Prefecture, the people like-
wise destroyed the press of the ministerial news-
paper, and took possession of the telegraph, to pre-
vent information being given of their proceedings
Two or three days ago, the column called Cotonne
ths douze Mars, erected at a short distance from the
town to perpetuate the restoration of the Bourbons
and the loyalty of the Bordelais, was entirely de-
molished by the peasantry. in fact, the municipality
itself is ordering all ini,criptions and emblems of the
Bourbon dynasty to be removed ; and yet this town
was eminently royalist but a few years ago I Hence
you may judge how unpopular the descendants of
St. Louis and of Henry IV. have contrived to render
themselves of Inc.".

•
RICIIE3 OP THE PALACE OF THE VEY OF
ALniEas.—The Da?* Payne appears to be stripped of
its rich furOitare and ornaments. In this famous treasury
you actually walked upon gold Spanish quadruples, upon
floors of piastres. There are four apartments, to which
there is but ono entrance, which is closed by a strong
wooden door, and one apartment opens into the other.
Above each roam there is a loft twelve feet long, by six
in breadth and fine in height. Some were filled with
quadruples and Venetian sequins, and the other a mixture
of gold pieces, among which were sonic Portuguese coins,
each of the value of I t3Sf. Other rooms were filled with
Spanish piastres and silver coins of the Regency. One
single apartment bad no loft above it, cwt the flooring
was covered with Spanish piastre' to the height of three
feet. Ti.ere were also numbers of diamond necklaces.,
jewels, and precious stones, silver vases and plate. A
number of Men were employed in taking up the gold awl
silver with a above', or in placing thein in soles, from
whence they were put in chests, containing about 60
leillogrammes of gold, at the estimated value of 3,000 f. the
killogramme. Some of the gold and silver were also
Waved in barrels to be 'conveyed to France. The silver
found is estimate I at 1,600 outdo feet, and there were ab.o
F
a great many coffers filled with hers of gold and doubloons.
rench Paper.
LADY hear this holy, whose noble
when the late Knees was -buried, Pent fur twelve tickets to
the part of
huabanl could hardly
Sr. Oeorge's Chapel.
Ticket snug funeral party OW. Of
have been contigned to the. earth
tit
and were well entertained.—
cnursc► they
Homan+ Paper.
in the west of Ireland
lately annonneed the following bill of fare :—" On Monday
next will
I*'itrh by Abirr.
srf:rliedri,:/wteitlhicrihfoitr'sn'pf)pieleiln•a,fettent,
being
his first appearance since he got out 1 Tot/4,"
