STATE OF TilE SUNS

Though the re.appearanee of starts on this luminary ,Tts
tended on Mwpday with a partial alteration in OM 's,FiN'es. 1
the rain that has fallen, and the sopetting 441 the air, baveltot
been considerable etpurgh to enable us to deei,je whether the •
change.was OeCiISIJII.I by their ihfluence.- We btud a go(44l'oit-
portutsity yesthrday of observing the prOgres'S of the ttew: ht.
traders, 'tribes' are nut old •which f. oat their
8601;316144n we are rather tempted to I(cliev. Alrout noon
we nereeived four spots. The two- svbieh we have already
Mentioned, and which sire still the largest and the darkest, bail,
titers crossed at least one third (.1 the ,dish, and declining its
'their course,, were fast approaching the Centre, which wait
oceripici by a 6114411 spat of a tighter hue. Another body,
about the ii 24 the one in the centre, had just entersal on
the left-of the disk a little tower,tlmit the two former, es if i«
were a'satellite in their trait). The one in tile centre wni
,then of cOutaitiM most advanced in It's passage.over the Sun.
We renewed our observations at three o'cleck; nod ratted
that the appearance of the wiMe was ChaW4cd. Tb,: two
proutioern black-spots had nearlyreathed the middle (4 the
dusk, and were filltin advittive of Ike one in the centre, *hick
sectued to have retrograded towatds rhr eitstet u edge. 'What
could Moe Orcasione4l such an alteratiott few tomes must
remain is mystery, unless it 11)(10141 he I.4tittil by subsequent
abiervetions, that the bialy ill the votive had eutere,l do the
'Fights rypositMrilo all those whieh have bithelt.• It, en
noticed, and crosiing the others.in its conr4e, 'aad apparalll
,4oublvl themility gt . .

"::

r

3~

1
,1

'

~ r

No. I.'

NI,. tl.

COpy of tO►r Ao,,,ivvr to the above.

All ASf Ilt Es T\ K E 1911-Ta ABOLITION
OF I..:VVRItY IN 'CEYLOM.

EXTItAcT 4.1? A I.P.l"thit RllOl4 TRU SIONCAIRAiLIE
SIR ALRRAWiwR .losINSTuN, DATEti QUIASIRo,
02D .lULY, I t 4 I 6

1 have, for the hst ten yeatt of my residence fn
Ceylon, been entiv,truhring, as I believe I have
Often mentioned to you, to get the principal Pm-
,
prietorti ot, Wayesi tot the , ,10MI t 4 nay after
Which nil Children born of their Slaves shall he
considered'aitliee. My etttleitvnots Intve at 1471,
11S yott•scill see by the. rut:lose& papers, 'been eit.
tended With tinere.i. I
‘vripte nu the 10th of this
11l1,11thn Lilter (of whiett N'o. 1..01 rt copy), upon
the subject, to the principal Proof ietors of Slaves,
at this place, Mtn are tinnii" the I.t;t •Of the''SpeCial
Jurymen tor the proVihVe of Colovahni-and who
rate therefore ail personally known .tti me, lly
the Letter ot which No. it. is tl copy, you will
bee that the proposal contained in in}' Leiter was
well received by them.: that,tltey,„at u tte•
perm' Meeting, which thvyt alltd to tti)fe, the cOn-
teots,nf that Letter hoc) otti,lvraih)o, unani-
mously came to`the Resolution, that all Children
bolt) of their Slaves it fler the I 2tli A ttptst item
should be free';—(`the Uth of A ogiist APAS fixed
upon by them at my suggestion, a a compliment
to the Prince Regent), They afterwnds- ap-
pointed It Committee, from among themselves, M
11'111110 Certain Itesolittion3 III.) the rn-
pose of carrying their benevolent intentioo into
effect. The I,..'neipal object of t1.0.e 'Resolutions
is, as you, 4111 rerceis.e, to sective that tho Cltil-
dren, horn (rev 'Ater the 12th of Angstst.
.511411 he loot idol for by the ','‘h,,,ters of their P 4.
rents moil the aryl' ut htitt (yeti ; it being sitititosvtl
Ihnt after they hair attAineil that age they will he
elle to ioorride for thettiselset.„ •

The Dutch Special Jurymen of this place, con-
-114 of about NW of, the most resrectable Dutch
Geotlemen of the place; in which number arc
coutained almost all the Dutch who 'Ate large
proprietors of Slaves, Bes'des thele Gentlemen,
there are Jurymen of all the dlferent rims among
the, I.ati vet, telt at Velhtlet, Fishermen, Inert ,of
the Ilahaliadde or Ginhanino yeintrtnient, Chit-
tees, and Mahoop dant.. The moment • the tin.-
men of theft! cast* livittti of the retiadation r%
been conic to hy 'the Dutch Special Joryinetr,
they were so notch struck with the example which
they had set therm, that they alio immediately ad.
dreuted me in rut trona mother aS.lbe had
tfone illsitootleittg 4titir tmahimoh3,a9hieseetice
In the memmte which had hero adopted by 'the
Vlach. awl ainahhh,las kteraiinAlion to eon-
Sitier st free ,mll Cli,idreti that of their
tiluveS alter the 12th tit August.
No. IV. co'py the Ansu'er 'Which I seta
to the ,Adfiretit; whleh %tut prthtinted to' int on the
octeitioti by the Dutch Special attryttiem
Nu. V. a copy ot that which I returned to the re-
spective AdilyeNseis which Were sew me by all the
4,irywen of :.the llitfercto cash of blativt.s at
Colombo.

• .
The `ex koople hf the. Jorynten 4t Colombo, is, T
muler.taitd, to bu immudiately to1loryi„11 by all the
Jaryogett Oil thy is1411(1. Y 044014,1 int *tire, he
deliglitcd to hem. of this vveopt. Pate of Do-
ttittuiclilayeryi prevoiled tlt'is Islamd
for throe ceotolieg, to,iy note hu consilerell at
st) eud.

Copy ate a Letter front the Unit. Sir Mot/trifler Johnston, to
the Mitch ticittleliten'wh‘,4e NRltiell roe oti the Litt of pipe.
end Juryinets for the Province of Colombo.
Colombo, July to, 1t416,
rientliqueit,--The able astistattre which I no frequently cc.
trier fc,fro you in the exerntiou of uty office, renders it my
duly to tontOtottic4lo to yogi Wit boil! tleLty any information
%hit It nt ty be intermit's to phut- feelings. I therefore tiara
the honour to Ilieold for yanr pi:twat, the Eighth mill Ninth
lb:ports of the. African loititution, which I hate lately receir..

The liberality`which pin hare always displayed in your sett.
Omani' as Jurynten, ;stake ,n certain that you 'will he highly
gratified with the %tweet's which has attended the proceedings
tor that brnevulrut tit,titutinn, .

Many of you sire siware of the measure which I proposed in
1606 to the principal Proprietors of Slaves on this Island, and
of the reason fur Which sts adoption WO at that twit post.
poised.
Allow Inc to :trail osyself cf the' present opportunity to
suggest to you, that should those' Proprietors, its conseipicoes.
tit the change which has since taken place in the circnnistanct?
of this now think icicle ee measurs. advisable, they ss;ill,,
by tfarryis.g it into effect, set a brikht example to their coun
trymen, and stew themselves wort-471n raliktql 4tuongst
Ina benefactors of Inv Inanian race.

I have the honour to be fietstlemetki: •
Tour 'must obedient Imo* tier v4nt.
. (Signed) ALIAANDLRJOI.I3STON.

Ti the lion. Sir .11eaitinler Johni.ton, Knight, Chief .lattice
of the Sureme t'Outt of JUdiraturo in the Island of Coy-
ton, tic. Zte.
„„ ,
may„ it Incase your tortrilaliiprii..Wes the ustdersitrueo, re.
iiirttt heK least to aeksiowlcoye the recent of your Lord-
very hind awl conile•icendolit C.etter of the
neoutototoiell with the Eighth awl Ninth Helmets of tAjt.
pill institution, the pc rtuol itt which we dill not delay, in
y comewitte ut tlic lionintrutile dislirtstion which your Lord-
, ship has Ahem' in aoldrrs.*ing us •iii so ititportant rt solklettl
with the leuilalilv and humane view of Bisecting sour attfrinism
•'• to the nss ausrr whit Ct.yuuc Lairdship has heretofore propos4:4l
111 ;Tar ttutl.
hvg leave 41 OISSUre your Lordship, that the
propusot cotievyuil by your Idol dsliiP's Letter is gratifying 'l.O
our feelitir,s; and it is our earnest (Naive, if pos.lhle, to di,.
etlesilat,er nameless of that unnatural character of being 'Pra.
prietors af, Ii 1111.1 wa feel regret in addiog,
that the eircunit;infe of every iiiilividual of US 40r; Out al-
. lOW it sUtlirrll HO& tiOsi allsditio i OtSlavery, without subject
WI( hush the l'rrylietort and the Slaves t hont4les to mate-
' t toot strions
t'e'e 110:e the liberty to add, thrit the Filavet of the I)itteh
ltlll4llitanis grner%tlly rulauciPattal at their delft!) as aIII
- ertitear to yoite Lordship suit 'cirri:lloe to their Willsdel.usit-
.rd to
114, records Of the `SIVI'VrOt! 111U1 we .rr
Ortit,tlint Ih...,"WlnSiire still in It statiof slavery have like-
isti tho loinie 41114116, or obttlioing their freetholi.
Wr trove, therrtiltr, its 10110 win- the m u4n.tilintoui example
of ihoite to itt Itril(1114 of the
Ittstitutioti, cotilr to d lits.lllllloll, entnivary
ail, to declare, that all Chililrini who may be horn skives,
fowl anitaltet the 14111 tif-Atigutt, raid, 4k411 bet
trey, and antler such proriSiollti
ill IS Itasolutioit which we shall dgrve am!
r 44 !Erb we *hail Live the honour of sohwitting to Lorsi.
414111111q)tr.ileatictiom of tragic avowedly
t , virtue.
4 . „ to subtt.rilak uutieives, -way It ideate
' .4\
r. . • poot:z
t 4061
. 1

. r.. .~_ ~r... ...... ..~.w~c..~ w~.s •rs j Gatti u

- •
tul hetrible servants.
• •
Shored by above Siaty of the thief DurCh inhttbitallti‘
t'olumbo, July 1-1, 1316. - s
,
• •• .
111.
Copy n( the Ttesulatiins raerrettto in tiie iit'iceding Letter.
At is Meeting of the Membersiat the special Dutch :furors, as-
sembled; by general consent, for framing certain lteisolu•
Limas. to he.ca:riol into effget for the eventual Emancipation
Of Children lieirit of .Shrrt‘s, held at Coluttibo, on Niointay
the l•itir July, 181 e t
• Re,olven unanitarmsly-,
ist, 'plat all Children bum rtf .Slaves, from and after the
I:1th rit August sit enstlinCt 01411 be considered tree.
VI. 'fiat if a Female Slave be sold who has titbild 'or
Children horn free, they shall Itto with her into tbgiftalth of
•
the new Master, if they have not completed their serum' yetti.
:M. 'l' bat of all Children wko i,nvc past Oil ir second year,
it 'shall (ht., optiOn of the Messier to return them nuts
withstattningithe sale of the Mothet •
4thr'That all Children who arc born free, shill remain in
their iiliister's house, and serve, them without tiny wages,savr
rim; iltcepr their fond and raiment, which shall he at the' ya-
p:wes of the blasters--s Mile till the age of fourteen ; and
4 Peffiale till t lie ajir of twit vs.
St b. That when Eree•borit Children have conipleted the
hihrtrentli and t welt' is year of their age, as aforesaid, theY
shall:from that Il iv since by emancipated from their %stet's.
'fit it if a Nhrster manumits his Neonate Stores who
has is Free horn Child, or Childryn, above tWo years or a4t.
it 'shall be at the option of the Masters to ilittin them—.
namly, the Female till the! op, of twelve, and the Male till the
a:;,e of f•itirtero--or allow such Chan, or .4,:itildrro, to Folios
the pother: in which latter ease the blot her shall he obligcd
to sispport the Child, or Children.
7th. That in rate tatty Master through inonifestpoyerty, or
front the incorrigible dtliravity of the Free.drorts Children, ar
fur any other causes, Gads iniable to retain thym any
Luger under, his care, application shall he Asa:tell :such
Master* to any charitable totilds, or the Magistrates, that. they
way by tit bereise dispose:l of,
Silt. That, in order to prevent any (road fh,,preind;ce
of the Free-hurt( Ifetids of the Familia alto host; •
houses any Child of that 41r4cription is horn, shall have the
b,rth of such Child registered by' the Constables el his Jivi.
slim, at least within three days thereafter. .
9th. That every Constable shall, for the time parpose,
open a Register, ill which shall he specified the Id:: sntl names
of, the
.t!arynts and Masters ; rind a list thereof shall monthly
hr tritusitinted to the office of the Sitting Niagistrate, to be
entered iii a general et of the t
10111, That in the Register to lie kept by the Cimsjahles,
an entry shall likewise by-tootle hphiiii of thy death of every
Eier•horii Child, upon II he 1;11'4.11 by.the
Heads of the family within the ti4tio,.. space of time aforesaid;
and a mitt sly list thereof 4311 he tranitHitiell Jo the Sitting
Nlagistrate's oilier, to by entered ac:cosatingly its tht!
Register.
I I th, Thitt of both the general' Reg-islet-it of births and
deaths, quarterly returns shall be inade,to the Chief Secie..
tail's ',dice. • .
rtesolved unalnimouslY,
'I 'ha the 'forest:snag esitjut Nit ,-*foriverneil to the Ho,
tiourahle the Chief 'Justice, tOte attlitiittl it toll* trellency
the (.Governor, in order that the sonic rimy lie. roams
nailer rues amendments, ;slid Ilitlllifiritil4ll)4,
163 Excellency may demo esprtheot lin• the too heratice of
beneficial object in visa.
(Signed) tisc. &e.
is additional article. proposal, hat not consented
nimonely,. with.this provisiou.,,thist it shall lie interlau
end at the foregoing ltesolotions,r with the signal-4es of the
Members voting forit
That the Free•liorit-Chililren shall, as R tolien of th'eir free-. '
11(1111, its, Int.liiot tip itt tile habit of thrill' tiotis e- an,estocii,
and not wear any European dreis ; 'nun lie farrliec
such as may be cap:Oleo( Whittling itvtas read, a sour
native latiguage.
•
(gigaton) ' &c.

, • Au. Iv.
Copy of the. Answer of the t 100. Sir Afeituolrf 'ioliinton; to
the Addiess presroted to him by the Dutch Spreusl Jury;
hlell.

Cirnticmrt► -» Coiortitto, cztst .!ftly, 1914.
have ,tad the honour to receiel the !trio-
lot ions whieli you linac swot me hy"Mr. Krieheiihreli geed Ur.
Prins, ipoi shall with pleßiefite present theist.. Sts 'ern slehite
me, to tail Excellency the (iocernisr: - • •
he 4 toy ,varniviot cutup...titbit:Mos on this
interesting gremlins. The racoore whirls, you hay.. ►mood-
-4,1.11411y adopted does the highest honour to ywir feelings. It
ititht iiieritishly produce St greilt ittiel *moat 14{0111111110 ell:soge
in the morn, Isahits and sentiments of moil, itiffirelet classes
01 society in this Wood; nod generations yet unborn will
licre.ifter reflect with Jeristitiiile upon the issues of these per-
sons to whose immunity they wilt owe tht nuincrons
hli s-
hies which attend tt state of
1 return you, qty sisicere thanks for the honour rit have
done me, lifts:taking me the etiniiiiel through winch your
brneVoletti iUtt is to he communicatill to his Excellenty
the (itierrrion, lam hound to feel proud
in having my mime associated with any measure; which se.
cores tile sacred' right of liberty to a nuthlter tel fellow•
en-inures. I lines the tumour to he, Geotlenirli, •
Your most oheilient mid humble Servnnt,
(Signed) ALEXANIALft dt)LINSTON.
•

No. V: •
Copy of the Armee'', of the lino. Sir Alexander J0)110011, to
the Address, presented to hint by the Jurytiiest of the dit,
knout Casts of the Natives at (Mambo. • '
limbo, 4-241.41141 r, I
Ortitleniene.4 have hail the bottom, tip receive the Itesolts-
lions which you have respectively passed, ytior 10i:t-
-uition's acquiescence in the measure Which has lately beets
adopted by the Dutch Special Jurymen. . . •
I take the libtrty.to unclose yon, as the best wax of emivey.
log to you the 'rattan:tits which I entertain npon the subject,
a copy of the Letter which I have wcatterrito those Gentle-
men.
Allow we to 1,44, that I am fulliawarepf the anxiety
which the Jurymen of all casts here shewn to entialate-;,the
example set them hy the Dutch Special billow; ; autl that it
will be gratifying to the friends of huninsity, to kuow, that
whatever dilferessee of religion, or whatever tilfferettet •bf
cast, may prevail among the persims who are enrolled on the
list of Jurymen of this place, no difference of 'opinion hat for
a tuottictit prevailed among thew as tb the propriety and just-
lite of the measure lit question.
I have the bommr to be, '
Your most obedient and Ituntflte gervant,
(Signed) ALEXANIIEIL,IOI-INSTQW..

711 E Tit It 4% 14 1k 1.:91 S H.
PerfitroPrei Lim/ :Writ.
OnttitY-LANg,—The Wunder : Dun Fells, Mr. ltue ;
Duiiiwi
Violonte, Mrs. Mini). Ifter whle:ll,llariequiti homer..
COVENT-GAttugN.=-The Slave : Gambia, Mr. Nlacready Ze-
linda, Miss Stephens. Atter which, harlequin and the
'Sylph of the ask.

NEXT TUEADAY, THE 21st THIS MUNTH, THE
STATE LOTIIitY COMM IiNCES DitAWING.

Altai Guernsey Dublin, 1 Witt erf.rd.
Ut t;-1 llarttburgh, .1 ITolland, t Guttrultdrgli, Littertt.cy
,t‘td Jerbey, 1 Wiattlitswd.
